"LibGuides.com are like crack" #EdCampPhilly pathfinders and curated resources
Time to pen the screenplay!
aww thank u very much :))
don't go!
Like ships in the night <3
Just sat through a good meeting. It was a lot different without Mel.
JDevis Mar 23, 9:31am via TweetDeck What does it take to get rid of the rotten egg-like odors coming out of our sewers? :...
Dr. Kumble Subbaswamy the Provost at the University of Kentucky - The first to recognize the uniqueness of EDU solutions of THANKS!
On that note night night and I hope to see everyone this Saturday @ Fire on Water, 518 N Water Street, 4-8...be there. It will be a blast!
I tweet WHATEVER is on my mind so... my tweets are real. :)
oh. i see.
Yo you watching the game? Lmfaooolkkkoooooo
Berkeley uses eScholarship Repository to publish content - other libraries (like Cornell) use it too.
Need ideas for our (delayed) honeymoon! Where have u gone that I need to go? Must involve a beach.. Amalfi Coast? Santorini? Elsewhere?
within as cheesy as it sounds.. I hope u can find it in yourself to keep writing.
Congrats on the move!
1999 was quite a year.
I'm looking forward to bed since I have to be back to work by 730am, in Las Vegas BUT I could use a drink in WEHO right about now.
I think it would be very limiting RT : #musesocial What if there was a new SM designed to be used by solely for museum goers?
I'm down.
Let the bitchery begin ;)
Ppl act like they to busy for me ..
You have no idea how much I would love that my friend =)
is back - he is such a sweetheart!
always. And btw, MISS YOU. Come back into my life ASAP.
#JDC session hearing about global JDC fellows. Pretty rad...
Welcome back to Milwaukee's , : , , and !
Jordan FLOCKA Hill
HAHA looks like him, too!
Humanity won't be happy till the last bureaucrat is hung with the guts of the last capitalist.
grace.yi [at] startingupnow [dot] com
Stay out of this.
Parade is Tonight on Tejon! Bring the whole family. Starts at 6:30pm, St. Vrain South to Vermijo. After-party is at Cowboys Downtown!
Anyone have some ideas of what to do, eat or see in London?
“: Your life will always follow your thoughts. If you always think positive, you're going to be positive.”
thanks man. Use code SENDIT at checkout and shipping is on me.
TOO Good
Happy error day!
damn js got news tht my uncle been stabbed nd got rushed to da hospital :/
You can't help it. Sometimes you just look at someone & realize that they are one of the best things that ever happened in your life.
If English didn't marry Math and make Algebra life would be so much easier.
Cleaning- 8/8/02 northwest airlines letter- your request for a peanut free environment has been forwarded..asked them to refrain from..
So many people getting engaged! Feel compelled to sing "It's May" (Camelot) & "June Is Busting Out All Over" (Carosel) simultaneously.
hay girl hay, welcome to my world!
Happy Anniversary, Lovebirds!
No YOU'RE the best host ever.
#Chooch at the plate
I'd love to be on the biggest loser,for my own well being. Pics <U+E420>Pls contact me!<U+E41D><U+E022>
Dear neighbors in NC: KY passed a marriage amendment. Some otherwise smart friends who voted Yes later felt hoodwinked and regretful.
Just being there for someone can sometimes bring hope when all seems hopeless.
Congratulations DePaul Graduating class of 2012- Stop in for a celebratory lunch with your family!
thanks for the follow
Today is going to be awesome. Quote that!
yeah, that *is* before my time :-)
his name is William
Hope everyone is having a good day today.
Its a freezing morning here in Chicago! Get event pickup information for events taking place at the United Center by calling: 888-493-0004
R.KELLY SAYS WHATS R&B WITHOUT THE R? I SAY WHATS GOOD MUSIC WITHOUT THE G? FOLLOW THE GIZZLE ( ) LET'S GET IT!
Today is National Pink Day, our Strawberry Margarita is sort of Pinkish, celebrate today with one or two :)
excellent, thank you! we'll see what we can figure out, then repost it here.
Yep, sure. What e-mail address should I forward to?
Just finished watching "The Artist" -- What an awesome film!
This rain better not happen on Friday ;o
AHAHAHA! It's true! :]
TGIF! 20% OFF any #Jewelry Repair Service! Mention this tweet to the cashier ;) #Paradise Valley Mall
typos add character.
Before you open your test, take a deep breath to relax.
OH: 1 I didn't know Vidal Sasson was a real person! 2 I've heard the name Vidal... on Dragon Ball Z!
NYC for my birthday.
It's the "Blame Up" factor. As long as you can blame an unseen force "Upstairs", you dont have to account for your actions.
you send it to my email?
Omg, I hat when people stare.
oh no! I'm sorry that you felt that way! It wasn't that at all!
Every penny counts even if it costs more than .01 to make it still spends the same...
No problem! The blog post was a great read into the multi-faceted variables of media and culture that shape youth today!
Note to self: incase you totally forget one day, NEVER FLY AEROFLOT if you value your life and sanity.
Damn, I like the way you walk (; #choppin'it
You are a horrible person but I still like you
it was awesome!
! v.: Representing #smcsac at #connectionopolis tonight are --be sure to say hello!
Ugh work is pissn me off today woke up n a horrible mood.. just wana go home n hav sum wine 2pm hurry!!
love that sketch.
Why can't I see my likes in archive (grid) form, - why? Am I missing something??
Exciting basketball games last night. Who is going to win between Kentucky and Kansas?
RT : Hello! I'm Elaine and proud parent of a 10-year-old boy! Nice to create a chat!
Best man Woody Allen?
Dude, he was studying trig. He can't be *that* much a child
Are you cleaning right now? Retweet this if you are.
": So excited for April 5th for concert ((:" so are we! See you there! ;)
:x hahah about that
rather than ban foie outright, I suppose we should 100% make sure California chefs use foie that is humane. but most meat eaters don't care
and you're going where??
Gm/ but gn
#bigseanquotes I need a crib a big estate i need a boat and dat need a lake i eat the salmon which need a plate which needs a chef
good luck :) and morning
#ReplaceTitlesWithTampons The Tampon Express.
So glad it's saturday. Today I'm Recharging my fabulous batteries because last week I was so tired I wore jeans & my converse all week.
#AllRelationshipsNeed a sense of humor from both people
well it's too late for...nah i'm playin lol but alright i will coon
Why do all the guys like the girls who have been with everyone but not the girls that are truly Amazing on the inside?
Oh man! I forgot to sign up. I want to.
If I could sit in a bath watching The Office while drinking sangria, I'd be happy.
LOLL fuck you.
I love that he has a yelp review.
They've shown us several possibilities. I assume that all will be revealed in the final episode of the series.
Graduation dress yeah.
#WeStoppedTalkingBecuase your baby mama called my phone with the DRAMA***
I know I've wished the same thing for a year to meet him and if someday he could live in Miami and look what happened!!
No, it can't be true! I need to know what is real!
"hold on I have to pee so bad it might come out of my ears" -my co-writer
you working out today?
Huge fan! Haven't followed what you are up to in a while. Works well from my Bberry curve. Site looks great!
#midea10so $50 for new music. What should I get?
more than welcome,,but truly,,thank you,,just for being #YOU!!
on the way to Dallass?
that would be awesome if you did that
60% of people don't like their jobs....
Hey Shay! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!
People think it's fun to pretend your a monster. Me I spend my life pretending I'm not.
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (12)
Man, that happened to me on a whole record recently. Finished mixing, sounded killer, then was sent 20+ more tracks per song!
talked w/ my sister and we agree that reading internet "comments" makes me lose faith in humanity.
thanks for the RT,maybe able to actually dine together since I won't have dinner service to worry about for a few weeks
I know right! They looked so much alike! Thanks for looking beautiful.
Dear and , can't we all just get along? ~frustrated pinner
text me
-- -my absolutely NEW favorite place downtown!!!! fabulous food, friendly crew, sexy classy ambiance, outdoor firepits. xo
“: do u do the online thing too?
yep! I will be there! :)
Follow me do I can DM you and I'll take you up on that offer.
Worried about my safety
This is crazy. When did we all get so old? Congratulations to all my friends graduating this weekend.
Have you tried Jing? I've been using it for years.
Getting ready to rock on home to my fam and can't wait to see my lil boy.
Helped another Main St business owner become more visible to new customers today... I love my job!
Thanks fam! Have a great day
mpzqOoCO6 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
corny ass ppl fuckin up cinco de mayo. celebrar with tejanos that do it right tonight (i.e., mi y ) wepa.
Can I go to camp now. That's where I belong.
you know it and it's GOOD :)
follow back :*
I wish I was still (decent) at skateboarding. I kind of want to get back into it.
Imagine if they'd built a "Republican car." It will only be able to drive in reverse.
I think you should tell us about them now(:
Reading alex's love tweets make me sad because I don't have a person to feel that way about me :(
I LIKED the Blue/blue version on Clkickbank - why did they choose Red and Green as a redo?
I gave in like three days ago too! Haha.
Inspiring speech reminds me Y I liked him. but hard to get excited again after the let down felt when little has happened yet.
howdy! Hope your day was amazing !
cant roll with the big dogs.. stay on the porch...
“: You only get one shot to parent your kids... Make it count.”
I wanna Dance and love and Dance again!! (:
I did feel like I was at a minor league hockey game in Seattle at that moment.
Overrated conference as usual. #sarcasm RT : 3 lower seeds have won #NIT games. 2 of those were by the #B1G: #Iowa and
sorry I missed Public Bar. Thank Goodness I didn't go to Bar Louie either - Duke watch party. I stayed home
Oracle Enterprise Manager 12c Cloud Control - New Features Part One
Follow me and get the chance to win 20K NX or Xbox 360 live Card!!!!
do it! I'll throw in some extra goodies for the tweet! :)
#blackwater RT Kid in Walmart screaming "i want apple" mom says u cant have apple honey but u can get some candy" o_O
Thinking things over.
thinking of austin whenever you pass subway.
Frank Ocean's voice <U+2665>
just stopped by and got a free gift for having your app. Thanks
Bout to get this 2deep promotions goin
aww, damn. How long are you gonna be down? I'm in the Bay til Monday.
The red beans and rice were a total success. :) Zatarans has a wonderful recipe... with a little tweaking.
Help Trend Austin Carter Mahone!!!! :)
Yelpers who complain about everything suck mad cock.
Welcome to the Twitterverse, - opening soon by and !
Same old Laporta check swing strikeout
#Infrastructure projects like the Erie canal Railroads and Dams made America hugely wealthy and is sorely needed today to keep our advantage
Great. Now I gotta start trying for an Ultra Albatross. ;)
The Silk Tie likes Gary! Is high quality but less expensive ties a part of good financial planning? thesilktie.com
Exactly one week from now!
Thank you everyone for coming out last night AND thank you Black Cobra, Dog Shredder and LOZEN for absolutely destroying it !!
I will be teaching Hip Hop @ 7pm on Thursdays at Powerhouse in Wheeling WV for the month of April. Come get your groove on!
#swag is all in willow smith well she got young swag an so do
You is a God! Loved the smooth transitions in and out of suits, lol.
Todd Dekker has stepped down as the varsity basketball coach at Sheboygan Lutheran.
Ouch. Someday, I will tell you the story of how I succeeded in humiliating myself on Jeopardy, The Challengers, and Greed.
you guys figure it out and let me know. I need my ID for dinner and to get in and out of my dorm
HBO series. This is 2nd season. It's got me hooked, for better or worse...
Building forts in my backyard with my mom wish and were here
Jenel cant sleep.
I honestly don't remember the last time I had to do a monologue for an audition, let alone one for a musical. I guess today's the day.
5 magicians for only 5 bucks international stars be here for a great time
can't wait to see it. It'd be fine by me if you pumped out a film a year.
It was a sad day for dress shopping. Very sad, indeed.
Wednesdays in WeHo...acting class this afternoon. Love/hate.
get better soon
needs someone to talk to, before I go crazy
Just joined R&R World, not much up yet but go check it out :)
I've just come to read the meter.
I feel like Rose when she's about to jump off titanic...
At work getting it in like always
loving my job and my family...life good, God is good
. jersey sighting at the game. Also, hockey is AWESOME.
woodland? Damn dude!!!
MT : Israeli defense officials say they will buy military training jets from Italy - will still call on US to protect them.
all I want to do is sleep but my mom made me do crap. I just got up to go to bathroom only I am not feeling well.
I made wings and they had a whole food animal welfare rating of 2. Hm...
. Yes, it's good no kids were shot. But 2 r dead nonetheless. At what point do men of God stand up & say, enough? I say, ENOUGH!
Ok great!!
Needed some #Chinatown to inspire me ...
Wait. Why the fuck did I put "Laker"... I meant to put the quotations around FAN...
Just that we'll continue to be super awesome. :)
Bobby olive
Now I see that shirt everywhere on campus. But no one ever gets mine! Its all hand gestures, maybe its too confusing. Sigh
hear you are headed to Michigan this week. Travel safe. I graduated from pgm program at Ferris state in Mich.
Nene successfully singlehandedly blows this game for the
.: "like we did this morning, #Nobel laureates should always visit schools to connect with youth"
it shows lol
When I am critically destroyed after my first comic book annihilates all spatial causality, I hope that my followers remember how tall I was
Follow UnKnowntruths on Facebook. Click Like for updates on all books and new books to come!
she bad!!
thanks for the shout out, Janice! Hope you have a fabulous Monday, too. <U+262E>
I have whatched all your videos like a million times and they never get old there hilarious ! :D
Spent $.97 on $6 worth of stuff. Woo!
goodnight, much love, sweet dreams to u, and God bless :)
I love u more
One way or other I'm getting YOU on film!! #TwitterMovie Just asked someone if you're riding your horse out West soon! HA!
I LOVE YOU! BESTFRIEND!
Monday is a good time to map out the rest of the week. Reduce stress and sharpen your focus. #Leadership. Don't forget free Starbucks card
Couldn't agree more!
thanks for being awesome and providing resources for me to help my mom have a good transition to Virginia!
Best quote style: . However, John Smith, a fellow at United Research Council, disagrees: "Quote" (40). That's a rare and precious jewel.
Would turn the second into the first, then array_unique(), then array_slice(). I think. Not tested :)
What Threadbird "Deal" are you dying for us to offer?
It's BEER:30! After that it's sketch o'clock
Let it rain let it pour.
"By surrounding yourself with awesome, you become awesome." Osmosis = "Here, have some awesome." - .com #KBIS Great Headline
why do i even try to reason with my cat?
DCI World Champions. Blue Devils
I hope so too. It will be awesome :)
Happy Birthday, Kylee McLain-Tucker. 11 great years. Thanks for "Ghost Girl". I didn't have to pay you residuals every time it ran on TV !
Your laugh when you heard me... was hilarious. :-) Ask cool kid if he likes Miley - cause he does...
After tomorrow I'll have less stress thank God <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Cheese-Bacon sandwich feat BBQ sauce...Really enjoyable.
I already did all that stuff
That was a bad way to end the season for the Brew Crew. Hopefully we don't lose Prince and go get them again next year.
Going to school feeling confident!
Kobe ain't Jordan!
yes we need to all get together soon!!
I think it's Lloyds favorite memory. It's mine. Having Mia 2nd.
Not too late to get tickets for tonight's show at the Palm Beach Improv with Eric Myers and myself 561-833-1812!!!
You're welcome
Me either! A colleague called me and the only reason I knew what was going on was bc of Twitter.
GoodMorningg All My #teamlesbian Cuties!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> (And You Other Cutie Followers too lol)
And , of course! RT : Big props to and at #jimmyjohnsmidtowne for staying alive today!
When I am feeling blue... I think about how a T-Rex's arms are too short to clap... - #ItstheLittleThingsinLife!
Off to run a panel about working in independent schools at the #nysais job fair to promote diversity. Then interviews
This is shit,seriously
yo you're rubbing of on me cause this verse I wrote I just got HELL cocky lol
will get little bro a set schedule starting next week - sound good?
3rd shift flow
I just unfollowed so many people.
wow, that is amazing. congrats!
Just added: March 19th, 2011 show at the San Mateo Performing Arts Center!
you can't change her...
student quote: "Life teaches you about failure by living through the good times and bad times." #Learn2Fail at
Favorite video ! Right By My Side - ft
The LaZombies were on last night live cam from NBC LA #fb and they even mentioned us dancing to Thriller
tweeting you whiile in school<3
San Diego has a corrupt Family Law System. 1000's of Children/mum/dads lives changed forever..nightmare too. Help us Dr. Phil.
Want a giant check for your Marquette Student Organization? Register for the Fall 2012 Career Education Scholarship with by 4/25/12
shut up bro
working! U?
Mane I swear I'm on my level
hey hey hey
watching Basketball Wives and im not feeling it
I just spelled parallel right on the first try.
scoop em in.
I adore my husband!! Yeah, I know I talk alot of shit. But I love him so much!!
what up u.... How u doin tonight
Ask yourself this question: "Will this matter a year from now?"
Follow & RT this for your chance to win a VIP table tomorrow ...The Strip's Newest Hotspot
she is thinking of you and loves you that is why she appeared in your dream.
Wiping my hands with all that BS!
Know whats great about dropping 20llbs. Being hot again. you know what sucks?! Looking like an idiot in the clothes that don't fit anymore.
Love it! So proud of you! RT : Feeling real good about the events of the day so far.
Did you know? Dogs have two times as many muscles to move their ears as people.
So much fun at event spending time with old friends, making some new ones, and enjoying the gorgeous view from
Have said this before and will say it again. Collaboration breeds creativity. It's just that simple.
#nowplaying Graduation, Vitamin C
let's make it happen Sal!!
Nice find! This is really cool. I know a lot of devs who are moving toward a philosophy like this.
Terrible foul.
Looking forward to final day of Reimagine:ed. Wondering what great ideas cohorts may showcase?
i'm so excited to see it, i'm going to watch it an hour!!!!
Just blasted through first set.. almost caught up to 16 yr old evan.. lol #sad 270lb set
What's with all the crazy storm weather?
First thought upon viewing the ferret cam "How cute, they're wresting. Oh..wait... no"
im geeked and its not even 9
he should have a sweet ass ride #ridindirty (:
My dude give me too much crap about bein on my phone lol thats the good thing bout him goin home today lol
Just finished a great photo shoot at some amazing locations!
O I know people love turning words around here.
I am in control of my thoughts, everything I want is mine! Not then, but now! I AM! I am in control!!!
Working title for a new project idea is "unlit cigarettes" - realizing that I am going to have Wilco on continuous mental loop as a result.
So tired. So dreading work at 7am. But SO looking forward to tomorrow night. OMGIANTS.
Better have those dancing shoes on! Females love to dance ;) haha
Eating lunch at the oldest tavern in america, est. 1674. Across from Goat island.
haha, yep :) also, I haven't seen you since charlie's party! Can we please change that!! I need more Arkansas stories :)
LOL...me and Amanda Christensen. (itsblondie) ...but me having a baby, oh man LOL LOL LOL
&uarr; LOOK Phone Voice Recorders Protect your home
RT : On that note #NeverArrive, -- dudes are the beats from yo new project yo own..? Coz them beats are hard blessings
It's a damn shame when you use your kids to get sympathy from people
DC lunch meetups are the best!
Some places in this nation do not appreciate music very kindly!
It's just the beginning my dear.
You're welcome(: & How did you get so many followers? Like last time i talked to you you only had like 900 D: help me?
#32 Altman wins award for best walk-up music. Hendrix - All Along the Watchtower.
Media: Check your in-boxes- We just sent out a news release
Now tweeting about the Best Coffee in Fort Wayne in 140 characters or less! Welcome to the Twitter page of the Mocha Lounge!
I Tweet To Express ... NOT Impress !
Oof. So full of paella.
in an act of insane love-me and the dk fanclub- and amanda -are waitlisted sunday at 4- can you please show favoritism?
and how many rings?
definitely yours. Hi Melanie.
send me your address my man.
Thanks again! Good day all around.
Oh thats cool mine is the 25th :)
awww I'm glad
GOOD JOB :) so proud of you cutie ;)
you have no idea how much I love you! <3
lol yeah but I always watch his 5/6 one(:
I love that picture :') !
madee a 95 on my first AP exam thouu
RT : The one clear message from UWM's hiring of Geiger as AD: School is serious about future of its athletics program.
Just walking the entire PGA Expo. Feet tired, but some good stuff coming out soon in 2012
Happy Its Almost April (:
Had a great time in San Francisco. Heading back home to SoCal!
about to be at w/
In austin now for 20 years, 2222/Mopac same location for 17 years, Family owned and the owner is there every day!! Fresh healthy food!!
yeah... I WISH I was kidding! haha
Primary; actual Singapore curriculum. Beginning training next week
5miles #Done; 9 miles total for the Day #motivated!
Watching After Chelsea...she's filthy, love it...
wuz that?. o.o
They got police officers from all over california in stockton to help get the crime levels down
Sleep flow
don't like country much, but love this song
"enemies of reality"
even better.
Just an FYI: The movie 30 Minutes Or Less is HYSTERICAL. U definitely nd 2 rent it. On another note: my BF's nvr seen 40 Yr Old Virgin SMH
Born and raised. Nice to virtually meet! Let's keep in touch. Would love to hear more about your work.
There's too much walking in bloomington...
It is a great motivator and the students love getting credit for choosing the book. I want those kids to then booktalk the book.
What's your website? Does it list the program schedule for this month?
I'm puerto rican and 100% being
Glad to Graphic Designer job at Potawatomi listed in the top 5! This is replacing me and I can vouch, its an awesome team!
Va to Pa Yall Look For that!!!!!!!
This show is really disturbing..
Tired as f***
we NEED. To hang out! Maybe I should get a tat :)
Living life in the fast lane!
Oh, you. Funny little you.
Want us to follow you? Tweet about us telling people to check us out and we will follow you :))
The sky is falling.. The sky is falling.. whoops, my bad.. that's just rain.. I remember rain..
such good and interesting things going on at BHL. thx again
Hi there! All is well! On my way to Michigan for a film fest this weekend. How are you?
and now it is time for the percolator.
Creepy... unless it's some sort of electronic maid like in the Jetsons, in that case sign me up.
Blake is on fire <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
My 3 skills: 1) think creatively 2) manage complex tasks over long time 3) learn how to learn.
The spurs are so good in every position
I'm glad I found you too! Thanks for the follow and the tweets!
No keep it!
Oy... Listenin to my mother sing along (horribly if I may add) with the O'Jays on the BET Awards. Save me... -.-
we will, we will.
"I'll take years off my life before I take life off my years." I'm in love with this CD. And music in general.
Looking for an atmospheric and evocative film for the weekend? Check out "Paris," a beautifully shot homage to the City of Light.
In #PawSox debut, #RedSox newbie Scott Podsednik was 1-for-3 with 2RBI (single and sacrifice fly). Team seeks sweep at 12:05 tomorrow.
If you're in highschool please let me know so I can unfollow you !
Just finished making a standing desk, so's I can join the revolution...
fuck you I gives no fuck what you talking bout lol talk to me when you can play on normal in mvc3
oh yea?like a boss?
THANKS :) sorry late tweet reply, alot goin on at the house. <3 you to for the
Red Sox pitcher Jon Lester pitched his 2nd complete game of the season, He allowed 1 ER, 8 H with 6 K in win over Mariners
Erykah Badu will be checking in with within the hour! What questions do you have for her?
I'll be there!!! RT : If you are going to be at or watch the Nuggets vs. Cavs game tomorrow can we get a retweet in here!
I can play it... Maybe ;)
If you aint fucking, with me you got issues!! Hahaha
A special "hello" to They've got great things planned in #mobile #banking & #finance, and we're very happy to be part of it!
What are you doing tgis weekend?
“Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forward.” Soren Kierkegaard (1813-1855) Danish philosopher and writer
thankyou+ done:)x
True Love When a Guy Cries for His Girl
a superbowl MVP shouldn't be a spokesman for a local ambulance chaser
Add mention he can take u anywhere any time
Sounds good Steve...
I used leave in cond., hair wax, gel, hairspray and scrunch spray...its a lost cause
YES! I also can't keep from watching movie trailers and noting how incredibly self-aware many of them are.
And finally @ 6:48 loco #125 pulled last OB trip of the hour.
#Predecessor is such a derogatory term for a "nobody!"#PunxsutawneyRomney has no balls, has others do his dirty work, like Bain Zombies!
good looking!!
still new to this lol! W/ that said those r my 5 tweets for the next 2 months peace!
Proof positive that all is fair in love, war and politics...I once charmed someone. It didn't last long.
asdfghjkl D: waaaaaah, omg im gonna die D: & yes ._.
One who has the reputation of an early riser may safely lie in bed until noon
I feel like the girl at the bar that been there to long
Y'all didn't hear it, but the POTUS said, "...and I slam it when I'm done and make sure it's broke!" when he finished the speech
no idea lol
ladies if you love your man show him you finest #grind up on that pole ;; show um how you #ride it
#HSFB Stat of the Day answer: Lawrence HS (Kansas) with 31 undefeated teams including ties. De La Salle has had 18 undefeated teams.
The Moby Dick Van Dyke Show
Opened LONG $USDCAD @ 1.02336; 2% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18% SHORT
Boys being mean to girls.... ? I mean come on dude, we're not #InMiddleSchool anymore... Geez... :/
I hope Neil Young will remember.
Lunch panel w/ and discussion on how to make sense of the plethora of data available #DSum12 via
At the shop bored as hell
every girl wants that summer romance.. <U+2764><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
Especially since I have been the one evangelizing path to everybody including u...lol.
Way to go!! #UC2016 : Just finished my math placement test!
Happy new year!!
Don't got shit else to say...lol
goodnight kids
Portland is too small.
Darrell Issa: dumb as a bag of hammers, will lead House Oversight Committee. Like Howdy Doody leading NASA.
RT Wow, NC - really??? That's messed up. cc
Thanks for the head's up mike! Looking forward to it
For the longest time I thought Data from the Goonies said, "those potted yester-rags," my wife has told me it's actually "polyester rags."
Doesnt look good for Bellarmine Knights.
Go home
Haha. The joke's on them: I use altavista and dogpile!
YOU were!!!!! DM me your info! RT who was your 700th follower??
Not sure icing is good. Think heat is better as I was told by a trigger point therapist.
thanks for the follow^^
“: S/o to the pacers for this dub session”RT RT RT
What if you really go to Hell for not liking all those posts on Facebook?
You Welc Zoe. Im Glad I Can Do That :)
You're a gangsta
And also why nobody wants to play here. Players would rather take pay cuts than be traded to the Browns. Smh.
#LiteraryEvent 5/9 7p (Murder by the Book): Author #reading “Life Without Parole” , a Kate Conway
Women behind Listen to Your Mother walked interesting paths - The Spokesman Review
In THE RIGHTEOUS MIND says conservatives have good ideas. OK. But the kind of conservatives he studied no longer run the GOP.
Not sure if I will get there in time but I'll try. Good luck! Feel free to stop by the booth to meet me tomorrow-Monday -Jon
two great starts in a row!
thanks for the mention!
Happy Friday! Doesn't a fresh cup of coffee from sound so delicious this morning?
Smiles are free!
Ok. I like Emma Stone's dress. And I really love her!
ARNOLD'S WAS A BLAST, I THANK EVERYONE THAT MADE IT SO. AND THANK ARNOLD'S FOR THE OPPORTUNITY! PEACE, BAOKU
hahahah I will! just licking my chops until D-Will makes his way to the lone star state... Bron/Wade wont allow JJ 6 a game
Throwback Aristotle quote? RT : Excellence is not a singular act but a habit. You are what you do repeatedly-Shaquille O'Neal
I meant the money team did their thing
Soo ready for spring...
Speaking to Des Moines Rotary on ways social media can put word-of-mouth on steroids. Talk based on our book -- free at www.WOM10.com
Let us #represent your #company at your next #networking #event! Call us for more details! 1-866-694-8528
I burp like a man. I should find a burping contest, I swear I could win xD
Ugh stfu, you just want the whole worlds attention! >:(
“: thanks for the Lady A tickets! I can't wait!” See you Saturday! Stop by and say hi!
I just helped a lady find gentle mystery books to read. Have I mentioned how much I love the public library?!
Ginger's Apparel (gingerscustom) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
If I were a band, I'd boycott playing in north Carolina.
Im in Love with 's song #Nashville <3
miss you too!! Come work with us? :)
Thanks to all our latest followers! Watch this space for some great #tarot hints and tips for online reading coming soon!
well i mean its pretty obvious that he wants you
: lol great question! I would have to say when I messed up the words to an original....he he he! Thanks for asking!
For Organist Only...Come join us this Saturday morning for our January "Organ Music Reading Session" at Broad St. UMC. Call us for details.
yea i always pop ur cherry haha
Watched #KONY2012 today. Happy people are starting to be the change they want 2 see in the world. Order an action kit today!
So we wanna make a YouTube Commercial for Brass Monkey...thoughts/ideas?
How do you go into a production that doens't have a clearly defined process?
RT : OMFG! What a pile of Shit Joe Scarborough is ! just comparing racist shithead George Wallace to President Obama
: loved being on air with you, take care of that radio voice!
of you can't do that, what good is this life?
Quit being a tease mother nature, we need rain!!!
Mc'Donalds sound pretty damm good right now. (: "Adventure Time
We need your monetary support now more than ever! Contribute right now online - bit.ly/oAs3ds Thanks!
I'm definitely in!
i gave her your number...because this back and forth on my timeline is out of freaking control!!
Save the date! Our 2nd Annual Content Provider Carnival is OCTOBER 27, 2011!
you never say goodbye. You are little 5 alumni for life!
For liberals there are no budget deficits or shortfalls. They just raise "revenues" aka taxes.
hadnt thought of those. got chicken noodle soup.
Surfer Girl.
Life is easier if you dread only one day at a time.
From The Wheel of Contests today, lets see if you can get it right! What are Americans two favorite chocolate candies?
OK BUMBLEBEE
Learning to develop an appreciation for different cultures is important today and for the future. -Melanie Healey
I'll be posting new performance videos today!! Please check them out and share with your friends if you like:) Thanks!!
awh, thank you so much. (: you're also beautiful!
I'm ashamed I ever had a crush on Mike Seaver.
MY LOVE IS TOO REAL TO BE THROWN BACK IN MY FACE
We´ll relaunch our new website very soon!
Looking for intelligent discussion Sunday morning UP w is it.
Follow The Band's official Twitter!! ! All of us will be tweeting from this account!!
Right next to Mixture on Kettner in Little Italy. Cute little creative loft space.
oh Dad, you are such a quick one :)
I didn't even realize they started making Fiats again. It looks like a big shoe.
Alright! I'm dressed like a Kardashian and ready to fight coke whores!
Up to 13 restaurants now!!!
Will you be my valentine..?(: <U+2665>
Thank You! :)
Thanks so much for coming and giving me great leads for the paper!
Fancy seeing you at rite aid last night <U+E30F>
I need some where to go to watch the game my tv too damn small!
" If she owns a cat...beware. If she owns multiple cats...fucking run." why you're single!
Lord help me. is in one of those moods again ..
Who can get their hands dirtier? Sounds like a good family night, right? Let’s find out! Come out on your next family outing!
“:I <3 if you are in NYC u need 2 see these bitches belt their faces off!”
I knew the nba would be back...
CBS upfront presentation a packed house as usual.
Honey just purchased our tickets to go see Wicked! I'm excited!!
Hell yeah! RT : President Obama at Barnard: 'The question is not whether things will get better. They always do.'
legs? I'm wondering what happened to your hair!
allergies? Happened to me last year for the first time too.
New note coming soon, as well as a new blog page for posting them to. Stay tuned!
still can't find hidden Mickey's
How bad is it? At least he got a good lick on the 18.
BRIDGE LIFT: Interstate Bridge lift expected in the next 5 min or so
Zeidenberg talks about a different kind of obstacle course: those students must complete for a major.
Anyone can be fooled once, But only a fool would give them an opportunity to do it again!!
The new punked hosted by is going to be funny as hell hahaha
When the change was made uptown And the Big Man joined the band From the coastline to the city All the little pretties raise their hands...
It's better to love someone who's far and damn craves to be with you than to love someone who's near yet dosen't even care to see you.
I must complain the cards are ill shuffled till I have a good hand. ~Jonathan Swift
I hate #obama, I hate #studentloans I hate people who say republicans have a
Lakers!!! Hahaha I am happy now!!
Still working away in Northwest Ohio. Spent this morning updating some content and URLs in LibGuides.
If It ends up being OKC, then I'm ok.. because I trust them to take down Miami in the Finals
Happy Birthday Congressman John Lewis, civil rights icon!
Finally, I can search the hashtag #tasteful and arrive at you. Heard GSH tribute at no way back. Either Scott or Sal, didn't check
At a casting director workshop at 9:30pm & it hasn't started yet! Will have to rethink my membership in this workshop group.
Last night's SNL is killing it so far. Usher's definitely doing climax next right?
The paintings are looking great! (yours are the best) lol
RT : Don't allow your children to grow up to be slaves, teach them to question anything that does not make sense to them.
boy i wanna freak you right, been a long time i been missing that body, turn the lights out when i go down its a private party
Is this account run by Sarah Phillips?
And that's real nigga sh*t im done
ETrade Baby never gets old. (ha)
my deck is on offer but we could get all classy too. am amenable.
so cool
the account is an account that bashes filipino stars on twitter. She makes stories and all. Unfollow her. :(
They were amazing!!!!! Lol I'm so happy now RT : lmao those must have been some tasty ribs
$25 for $50 at Milers Field-PB. Come and enjoy the sunshine on the outside deck with a beer and good food tonight. We love our SD Weather!
So happy for ! Cover of PDN Magazine - what a star!
Congratulations to the brand new Seminoles! We can't wait to have all of you here!
Driving to VA Beach!
sisnt have a way to get on twitter :\ but if its to late to tweet it to u, then. Its okayy(:
so I tried!!! Where are you?!?
I just want to touch him. Once.
since has decided to have a movie night at my house tonight should come too!
"Tupac Shakur - Dear Mama" can be found with Easy Mp3 Downloader for Android & IPhone
I do not appreciate your sarcasm!
Subsidy sales reps tell victims are more likely to get attention if offer actual book to agents/pubs. In short, they lie.
11am and still can't function... I need tea.
Not all black ppl are always late.........lol ok we try not to be late
haha "gucci?" that's new!
Ah what a shame. Who do we petition? :)
Nice Space Needle pic!
Anyone have instagram? :)
Relationships should never rewind
Yeah 'cause ignoring me really helps..
lmaoo foo I was crying u saw the YOLO one??
has bikini girls that would love to be on the radio! :)
Hell yes... Try and watch in order if you can though!!
Seriously. WTF. A photo of a semi ok looking chick in a mirror of her bathroom. GET REAL
I don't see how it rhymes? Gonna miss hanging out with you too
Sounds like a plan! I really want to see Wedding Belles.
And an awesome stage at #Tireno-Adriatico as well, Tyler Farrar can't be stopped, especially with a Thor Hoshovd world champ lead out!
The speed boat races in Long Beach are in front of my house. Today are the finals, come down and watch them!
RT here's to the kids who try too hard.
Lights up...
"Bonnies come through to give us a 1-0 start to the night." SWEET!!!!
Ugh...that's tacky...I take it wasn't complimentary...that's too bad
Need some expert knowledge here. If I want to find out the builder/architect of an old home in Houston, where do I start looking?
" #BrandJordan is again sponsoring Alex Thomas Celebrity Golf Classic. Save the date July 9 in LA"
I'd rather study the Lemurian renaissance than listen to that un-inspired rubbish, so I do
If you want to live longer? Get married! Trust me, your life will drag on for ever!!!
Our support team can talk you through this -- please give us a call at 202.686.9330, option 1.
I feel so sick... its so sudden. A few hours ago I was fine
Pork chili verde soup at Lotties tonight.Oaxacan comfort food all the way.
Thx for the T-shirt and handwritten note Next time, can I request an XS instead of XL? :-) But now, (large) FIL will get a gift.
but that includes actually sitting in the store
Thanks for the good butt woopin'.... you can bring it like no other...can't wait to see how I look in 56 days!
Tickets go on sale tomorrow!
Good call! I think I am going to create a Twitter List for them...I always forget what they are!!
well maybe I should try it again. But since moving to Clifton, I am never in Mariemont that much anymore.
mo money, mo problems.
The dresses are here! #gswedding Pic:
Literally just watched all of your YouTube videos took a while but it was so worth it! <3333 love you!
big time rush was hilarious!! My power was out at home but I still managed to watch it that night!
You should join the movement and strike because: everyone else will be doing it and it’ll be fun and empowering- music to my ears
One direction is known world wide! do you guys think they will beat justing bieber in a few years?
ready for this weekend
I love you Lou<3
#Toros Title celebration scheduled for Monday 7pm at Cedar Park Center.
Ha! That's the one.
enough said!!
I blame Global waaaarrmming?
Why do I even care? Ops I don't.
JC Caylen just tweeted me. I can dig it.
I hate when I'm about to go to bed and your movie tweets make me start something I shouldn't.
#orelse what? I'm just gonna be standing awkwardly.. I'd rather stay home.
lmfao you sure about that? Hehe
I trusted people, they let me down. I trusted money, it left me broke, BUT when I trusted God, HE LIFTED ME UP!
Was walking up my driveway in the dark and stepped on a f'ing slug.... Barefoot.... and it squashed all over my foot...
I thought you'd enjoy !
Every reign must submit to a greater reign. Seneca
.... one more freakin' veggie omelette and we get stabby round deez parts. :I
Structural engineering expert, he.
Mental attitude is more important than mental capacity. -Walter Dill Scott
I just downloaded the app. Kinda neat.
&now im listening to &advise you to also.
Thx! RT : I keep donating to 89.5 in San Diego—where I was stationed for the last 15 years—even tho now I'm in Rhode Island. ;)
Step 1 to propagating plant cuttings: Don't put them in upside down.
I just call em boo! I don't know his whole name.....
Who do you kids think you are?
Beliebers get TOO much hate. Calm down.
I'm not saying you don't. I can't say the same for all in your field.
for what ?
what is 713 day?
Lets get it
Lmfao just passed a house this morning bumpin Nelly "Hot In Here"
I should probably apply again this year :P
ok imma have scales find it, he didnt name it... do you got the one wit the movie samples, w/ me , spoiled, and baby don?
nice to see corey hart..showin some hustle..nice catch
Off to w/ to talk about the future of MKE politics on election day. Go vote today!
Agh! Fucking cancer. Stop taking our best people.
they didn't lose as much as you think. Plus Chicago still hasn't addressed biggest problem. A dreadful O line
It's a great place to retire but I came here so my daughter could grow up here and she is almost grown. so time to move on...
Realized who my real friends are, and discovered which ones are fake. Glad I got that out of the way. Bed time!
thank you joel!!(;
sounds good! just sent you a DM :)
HAPPY EASTER from Charlotte, NC!!
Have a Fiesta day and tweet us up!RT : Hey #smbmad, I'm there in spirit. I will "Focus" on following updates via twitter.
Any skateshops looking for a skater to sponsor hit me up! Also hit me up when there is a skate event comming up in missouri
Signs Linsanity is out of control. There is a Breaking News alert on ESPNEWS for a press conference of a Knicks/Cavs game! Name a Cavalier!
I most certainly will.
I have a mild concern about getting injured in this.
Meeting downtown so I drove today. :( if I'd just ridden my bike, I would have been on time!
What does climbing the career ladder do to you/your health?
I was laughing so hard I was crying when I watched your youtube videos! LOL!!
I don't understand facejacker..
thank you. I do feel better. :)
Happy Veterans Day, and Happy Birthday Washington State! What an amazing day. Special thanks to all of our veterans.
It's a cool idea, but watching television or movies on a small screen is a lot different - Martin Kaplan
GM is alive, Bin Laden is dead and all right wing #tcot losers cried because it was a Democrat who made it happen!
Ahh im so jealous :(
What does Pat Myers say about that?
Jeremy Lin is at it again!!!
I need to get fucked some more today.
let me guess - expected end of June?
*scratches head* um...lol
Have yaw played yet?
i am surprised i never listened before..sounds like an more american Sloan...excellent power pop
I'm so jealous of you.
What's the worst thing you're likely to find in the school cafeteria?The food!
Gwyneth Paltrow is gorgeous in Tom Ford but Angelina is a big snooze... black w/a leg slit, anyone surprised?
Your stuck on the Boulevard.. having nightmares of your past, when you should be on the #Avenue.. dreaming of your future
I'm going to start a religion where you can lie, rape, murder and still go to heaven, wait, that's already a religion.
damn bitch wat yu did after I left
I think it should just be the 6 boyz that were originally on ABDC. That's it.
do i really need to add relish? wiener whistles god iso gotta get one
I'd like to publicly acknowledge our lead support guru who, even today, was answering QLab questions & helping shows run smoothly.
Sure beats a wicked ahchoo RT When our 5-month-old coughs he doesn’t cover his mouth. Rude.
Playing bartender till 6
I ran the whole jello carbomb scenario by Kersi and he is onboard. Let's do this!
you have #carrots in Canada?
will that hold a lot of HD?
The Best New Gear for Home Improvements
Walking to the Post Office for another fest submission, please please let the nice lady w/ the Werner Herzog voice/accent be there! <3 her!
Wade was snaping
I Love British Accents
Who's bringing me some king cake tomorrow?
YES! IM IN THAT PICTURE! >:)
dayummmm u still have like 650 tweets to goo lmao
swear! i don't do that
Netflix thinks I'll like "Crossworlds". Will I?
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can’t have it. Robert Anthony
Meeting to discuss the #shoplocal mantra from a national perspective.
Who's got a better elbow The Rock or MWP
That's what I been on
Gosh darn it! Never fails! Every time I go on vacation, I end up leaving my phone charger where I stay! Gah!
Why quit the twitter fam?
In this box of old pictures haha I was looking through them today
#vsa2011Learning Together: I can't talk about art either. I asked for the Ferris Bueller painting at the Art Institute yesterday.
hello do you visit orlando area
uhm YES. If I have monies lol.
I know! I'm sorry love. Next time for sure ;) when I am out of school <3
I'm excited for this pizza.
Our new video is up! Check our Facebook page!
will #sacramento California be getting some #eatstapp love soon? :)
feeling groggy
We eat toilet paper and set fire to small amphibians.
Playing with fire it's so exciting until you fucking get burned.
Up the incline on your treadmill
some of the best meals I have had anywhere in the past few years have been there! The French theme was outstanding last night!
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend who is a drama queen...
Are those percentages of FT v. T/TT unusual for private 4y?
Vitamin water and jelly beans(:
We would love to have you! You can even wear your PJ's. ;)
Wishful thinking, I guess. Why do people who believe human life is so destructive to the earth not commit suicide?
TIO (Tweet it On) and RT --- FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! FREE CARL LEE !! ---- CAMPAIGN in the USA
shout out coach lynch,,,happy birthday bro..r.i.p.
"I'm very good at integral and differential calculus. I know the scientific names of beings animalculous."
RT : Wow. pushing ? What's next, Obama keynote speaker at Tea Party convention? SMDH!
Great film, actor RT Also loved James Garner in The Children's Hour. People sometimes forget he was in that movie.
I'd be careful - who knows what's going to happen to the guy. My hubby says he'll shave after the first weigh in!
Ive never been into idol myself either
Playing in Alabama tonight...Montgomery to be exact. Gracepointe Church @ 1565 Ray Thorington Rd. 6:00 PM. See you there!
So bored I wish I had friends to talk to
HE'S THE BAD BOY OF THE #CIVILWAR, JOE HOOKER. New novel , GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle/Amazon. Sex, Drugs & the Civil War
nice! :) what's in the next ceremony? Kinda accidentally planned my open house from 6:30-9:30 lol
Just got back from the last (indoor) soccer game of the year with the very friendly #Oberstaufen O30 group.
dude i cant even sip water...surgery at 945 #bottleinmycloset lookin prime
Universe, please help me understand this Al Roker.
wow, #blackbaud buys #convio to form a monster non-profit team. Interested to see the implications of costs, clients, services, capabilities
Hey does Andy know that the #Nashville Predators are 6th in the #NHL?
Where is summer when you need it ? !!
Can you tell us a little more about the #4040CelebrationSeries? Lunch tomorrow maybe? Just saw the tweet
We need an infrastructure for digital objects: Includes social practice, why cite, why attribute, and how?
I'm looking for recipricating links for my website. If you are interested let me know. It will help our rankings on our websites.
same to you. The cards should be favored, but anything can happen. Neither school has a team to write home about.
Happy mothers day to the best momma in the world!
I am terrified.
<-went to the office 2day and a wake broke out. The best girl there, the payroll clerk, gave her 2 week notice!
I don't think he sounds like one much at all, but he really, really looks like one.
yeah, it's like they're trying to avoid it . . . Seems like CS would fit better than the tech they cover
Could not agree more, schools should have basic level of medical preparedness WITH emergency medication
thanks for telling me I just followed them all haha :$
the double dot over the ü will get you any man you desire
I am recruiting for several Records Specialists to support a large-scale records conversion project for a large company in Houston. Record…
At the #GR premiere of #Bully with fellow students. We must eradicate bullying! Nobody is alone.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 65
Time to do some wack ass homework !
Thanks for standing up for ALEC!
Don't wanna get a shot
Best aPrIl fOoLs prank....buy your office lunch! They won't see it coming! We will deliver it! Nothing foolish about Free Delivery!
I think it's probably on the slow development burn. I think they fully intend for it to challenge Lync over time
look for trend analysis from to post to our site any day now!
#JBSOMEDAY when the sky is fallin' will be following us... til then
if u want it be master
"Seat time" gets in the way of innovation.
Fresh Strains! DeathStar, Chem Dog #4, LA Kush, Super Silver Haze. Come down and try them today!
mite go get them new griffy
taking a full schedule of summer classes at KSU and doing an internship....fun fun!
legacy is solo now wtf my babydaddy !
i literally just laughed out loud. but let me know if it's good. i wanna see it.
maybe. Not sure yet
I absolutely luv ! It makes my pics all cool and stuff!
I want a cast iron skillet to bake cornbread in. Once a southern girl, always a southern cook.
come to michigan(:
you already know i'm wearing sweats again tomorrow.
We want to resume tweeting on the Senate debate. Put down your notebook; pick up your BlackBerry!
Move over Big Eddie, there's a new Sheriff in town gets to work! Beautiful outrage! Calls out sexist bigots
yyyyyyyyyyoooo man what is up bro
Love Educon style unconference 4parents/business. Axioms?Scope? Purpose? Talked w recently about same
Q3: Students write me letters...reflect on activities that they liked, those that they didn't, and those that taught them the most.
to all followers new and old please spread the word about us!
M, what you say? Mm, that you only meant well? Well, of course you did. M, what you say? Mm, that it's all for the best? Of course it is
: #Wondering what's the most popular dog breed?
heading to chicago tomorrow for our first concert of our midwest tour. feb.16, 7:30 pm Lutkin Hall, Northwestern.
I love on some #RNS all the stupid stuff she might do.... All the ish we been thru... Thts my ride or die <3
Amazing people deserve amazing things happening to them. Wishing you a wonderful week.
interview for spring internship this week. wish me luck
Haha- yup, that's me. Hope you enjoy the lessons if you take them! :)
imagined to get that kind of spontaneous reaction. It’s authentic the relationship I thought we had. It really feels special. ....
im starving!!! Do you have food??
would totally buy that. ;) RT: I'd rather be eating fries from little big burger.
#SaySomething is amazing can u please follow me??!!! <3333
let them know we be wearin them snapbacks and tattoooss.
They should make it easy on them and have coexist stickers available too ;)
"Knocked Up"
Switching from state to state!!! :-) loving my life oooowwwwww OHIO bound!!!! :-)
Loving articles, keep them coming!
You are quite delightful
My office has been sending around a nasty headache... i think it's reached me and I'm not happy.
TV Jukebox: ‘Don’t Trust the B— in Apartment 23,’ ‘Magic City,’ ‘Girls,’ and more music-on-TV moments
<3 never forget who you are. Be yourself. Never let a boy rush you or hurt you. Don't cry over him.
Great to see ya mate you & are going to have a cracker at Sundance. Tough to miss it this year.
Watching CSI: NY with Viggle Fri | 9PM | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
We have been havin a crazy night for te Black Keys!! madness!!!
well i saw where you guys might both be playing in a tournament in dallas... IM GONNA TRY to make that one 2
We spent the nite @ the ER, Lily my black cocker decided to break in the pantry and eat 1.4lbs of chocolate, she could have died! Thank God!
Tell us about your next film
you don't think giants would take him for single a prospect with Wilson done? Hell, they've had zito for years and he stinks
is it me or does cantaloupe slightly resemble the smell of refuse?
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 17
Then I produced my rapier.
Just answered a business reference question related to tariffs! & I'm feeling pretty good about that considering how rarely I do reference.
Finally going to work after 3 weeks.
Lust is easy. Love is hard. Like is most important.
S/o to all my #Followers!
MSG generally does not cause allergy symptoms. But, that does not mean it can't be a problem for some susceptible individuals...
SILENCE WOMAN! I will be a bat this Ramadan, like always. Last year, the sun rays did not even touch my skin
Some things, you can only know when you know ... you know?
congrats on the new job!
I can't wait to try it! Saturday!!! I am obsessed with the new by
#KPUHunstman alex kreeger talks about huntsman's exp as china ambassador, utah governor, presidential candidate
We hear that and are roaming around here at the #NCBShow - come on over boyz and have a taste of !
First day of spring ;)
Need a shoe shiner at your office? We are fully mobile! Request us to come in!
RT : I'm to understand the audio on tonights Oscar telecast would have been better done by the Audio folk from The Artist.
Hahaa its a college basketball tournament which prolly sounds boring af to u lol
Yeah, we have not really been doing any local rpg gaming for a couple of years now although we talk about trying to do it.
can't believe this August will be my last on Orientation Staff Definitely ready to rock
I love you
Just bought "Game Change," the book. Am betting it's better than "Game Change," the movie.
This RT : The Packers defense, for all the bitching, has kept the Packers in this game. Can the presumptive NFL MVP capitalize?
hahaha reject jam... so sad! seriously though, homemade strawberry jam with the little strawberry bits in it - SO good!
RT : Ill get caught fapping every time RT : Street view lets U look inside buildings now? CREEP MODE: LOW MED [HIGH]
Tonight we've got bingo starting at 7!
Today 1920: Superior City, a steel freighter collided w/the steamer, Willis L. King, killing at least 28 men and one woman in Superior City.
Hey Lars, welcome to the bigs, now let's me introduce you to this thing called a barber.
I seriously adore my boyfriend. I feel lucky to have met a person who has such a great understanding of the world.
RT At the peak of the polio epidemic, 1 in 3000 people were affected-today 1 in 88 kids have autism-where is the research?
where at on your body? Lol
Headache #night<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
DAMNIT!!! I'm watching 24 and am so immensely bummed about Bill Buchanan!
My alarm effin bugs. |:<
Robert is creeping on his timeline :)
That's my typical day. ;)
you're in luck .. pot luck that is ... in t-minus 6 minutes. come on down!
Finally seeing the hunger games :)
You are beautiful Ottrina.....
road or mountain...no motors...snake man :)
Aaron Rogers & David Garard
Even tho it's my beloved Toon, I cannot give a penny to that shower of donkey shite that is FSC. Would rather shag Esther Rantzen
I would say that Taylor has snapped, but she has always been this radical.
Smh I know dats right! Insecure Ass shoulda been doing her job!
Modernist or not, gamers know very well what they are doing. No boundary confusion, even when the experience is compelling.
Just learning--will do soon! Thanks for the tip.
Q: What's your favorite store at Tacoma Mall?
A young lady knows how to keep composer even with people she doesnt like because people like that will always be around..never ending battle
Some amazing new ppl starting the market tomorrow! 'Eat, Sleep, Boutique,' 'Impossible Deserts,' LeMarais Chocolat,' Rushin' Russian (food)
Wish I could have went to the softball state game
So one who values the self as the world Can be given the world One who loves the self as the world Can be entrusted with the world
Thank u for waking me up at 8:30 am <U+E416>
"Insidious" was more than we thought it would be. About 1 in 1000 moviegoers will actually "get" this movie!
Where have you been ? long time I didn't see you :| I miss u <U+2665>
it's time to get Ashley together cause its obvious in this world of darkness you only have yourself.
ass like tht
just bought an 2012 escape on Sunday after 10 years of having my car.
if you know someone that is pregnant. Get her and boyfriend go on www,StayTeen.org or go to www,abcfamily.com
Became a Kenneth Faried fan when I saw Morehead State play a regular-season game at Ohio State. Love his game.
I miss dancing Puff Daddy.
once imprisoned Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff doubts as to whether a bill to legalize online poker at the federal level will pass
You'd think staying home and reading homophobic spam is a waste of a Friday night, but now I know Congressman Todd Akin (R-MO) is an idiot.
Oregon attorney general's list of 2011 worst charities. //j.mp/s5gEl8
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X5
I wish there was a bacon machine that one could program to automatically make bacon at a certain time every morning. Works for coffee...
falling in love with somebody so cute
Oh, ya know. Just using my birthday money to have my windshield replaced. Really fun stuff.
i wish didnt suck dick for living and would come visit me at workk.. bitch.
Watching marathon, of "Runs House" on MTV 2! PRIME example of how a family should be/ be raised!
Love that! What are they harvesting?
right there with ya!
Attention all web developers and designers. Please do not use the auto-play feature on video. Thank you.
lebron should be getting killed by these flops. Hard too watch.
yeah we had a great time and thx. Pix coming soon!!
thanks for the mention!
The Morning Show on goes New Age starting tomorrow. We've got a sneak peek coming up at 6:30!
i f god didn't wake me up in the morning i wouldn't be mad at him
#ItsCrazyHow slow the days are and how fast the years go
Watching clueless and I think I finally get all the jokes about high school when I'm 10+ years out of high school
Ate my chocolate cake before my pizza
I am wearing mine today. :)
:( I guess I can share
“The only man who makes no mistakes is the man who never does anything.” -Theodore Roosevelt,
I love so much!
What!!! If I could have dinner with anyone, it would be David Byrne. I must know the story.
way too nauseous. Michaels playing right now.
People piling on are absurd. He's a parent looking out for his son, and he has legitimate concerns.
We like to squeeze furry things. Then smile at them in crazy mofo kinda ways. And ask nonsensical questions they bob their heads at.
Disgusted by the #racist comments over the #Bruins loss. Perpetuating why people hate #Boston sports fans. After this, I don't blame them.
Alicia Buckles testing. . Oh wait you mean. . . Lol
I gotta say I'm just about convinced! Virgin drink pure mouth
We second that! RT : Thanks to for the lunch today - tasty!
"what are you doing?" "having a party." "with who, grandpap?" "yeah, didn't you hide the beer bottles?" "yes, pap."
You should have already received an email invite -- check your inbox and spam folder. Thanks!
Seems like everyone on Twitter is either on or getting to a beach somewhere. That makes me feel like crap.
Would any kind of petition drive or letter signed by theatre-goers & performers alike help? It's absurd!
checked out your trailer on #youtube and really liked what I heard! shoot me an email , will talk!
Yes, the rumor is true! Thanks Tina!
We hit 2k tweeps! Complete this tweet to be entered to win $25 driving credit: "Hey , my favorite Zipcar is __ because it's __"
Reading "A Vist from the Goon Squad." A novel of nodes. You should read it, too.
How good did #duke look last night? that Irving kid is legit.
Yes, now get me a carton of cigarettes, some scratch off tickets and high alcohol content mouth wash.
If you think YOU'RE a mess, take a look at Poor girl is a WRECK.
"I have a truck I have a truck I have a truck." -Scott Brown, somewhere.
? context, please!
lol damn straight B-)
#SantaFe Reporter AHA Festival: Progressive Arts & Music @ the Railyard: this Sunday, Sept. 18. A FREE Community Event !
is all, "Oh gross, Chicago. Again?"
RT": I dont have a type. If I like you, I like you."
Watching this t.v show this gyal face tough like alligator back. Lol:)
...saving for the Texas paychecks :D
I'm down for sure. :)
To our loyal followers Mention us and tell your friends to follow! The person with the best mention gets Something very special!
Like this if you like Real hip hop
I dont like chillin w him..
Yeah umm I'm home now and all I care about is my bed and my cat. Ohh how I missed my cat.
It's Blue Ivy Carter! B.I.C. RT : Ivy Blue Carter? I guess its alright, could be worse.
My 2 & 5 yr old nieces live in NC. To them, their friends w/ 2 moms or 2 dads are normal & just fine. Too bad the adults there disagree.
Imma make oomf realize she's worth anyones time.
And has his lunch box/permission slip Not allowed down to the practice facility today. Did Chris Quinn get off the bus okay?
check these guys out for all your promotional needs......
great question.
Rap, rock, house or jazz?
i dont have your number fool
GAIN FOLLOWERS Thanks.
I have my first mojito hangover of the season.
Its too freaking hot
Consistency is more important than intensity. be good to ur body, preserve ur energy & live longer! Balance is key!
Blah blah poop blah suck...
12 days till my photo shoot...off to the guy. Get'n photo shoot ready ;)
In the studio putting on the finale touches to Hollywood's Top Designer logo featured LA Fashion Week
Trying to read what the doctor wrote on your prescription... "is this english?"
Why doesn't Brietfelder also demand they fix residency requirement? Currently city atty can live outside CV, unlike all electeds
Drums are the best part! The heart beat of the music :)
#ad2dc Matt: Detroit spot did everything a super bowl ad should do
school tomorrow... fuck me in the ass
Hmm, maybe the guy that told me the squirrels tell him it's going to be a bad winter, wasn't crazy. :-)
PW:Anything’s possible but to my knowledge at this point,her heart is strictly for Stefan,as Stefan’s heart is strictly for Elena #Stelena <U+2661>
Ok, why am I just now discovering how awesome these #HungerGames books are?!
37 days until I start my 2012 World Series of Poker bracelet hunt. Never been more ready.
Oh California how I missed you!
Thanks! And good suggestion.
I'm not perfect. Not even close. I'm sorry I cant and never will be.
We're still in the process of getting into the new office, so B patient if U're trying 2 get a hold of us! If 911, email
#WhatsGangster? Getting the fortune and staying humble to the evils of #Fame. Look what it did to Khloe&Lamar.
You ain't about it hunn!;)
Not the best speech I have seen. Not the worst. His love of technology baffles me.
Thanks RB - hope your B-day was great too! :)
Thanks for the follow Michelle!
It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
3 Ridiculously Underrated Ways to Use Social Bookmarking to ...
- Thanks for the RT - you guys get that both are important...
RT : let's make sure none of our elected show up on this list:...
I guess he hasnt heard about the whole #ows thing RT I will say again. NO voters care about super PACs. Not a one
Combining #technology and social change.
WORST #OSCARS EVER.
Ou airport ride was a no show making the beginning of this trip slightly stressful. It may be beer time.
Hi All, joining #chat2lrn from sunny Florida
Are you Illuminati now?
keep asking.
THankX for the follow:-)
U got it going on girl!!
Dont Forget to tell your friends legends now has FREE options and you can maybe win a Sports Authority Gift Card
That's a great pic.
On our way to the beach!
Running the A holla!
I love America and hate Clemens...but Rog is innocent until proven guilty! Fight the good fight Rocket or do Martha Stewart time trying!
Today's the day! Off to finish this grad school business. If you catch me tweeting again prior to this evening, kick me off. Writing to do!
RT : Tomorrow is FREE DAY, FREE day, free day! Did we say it's free?
Yay - Austin misses you!
Im so happy ;)
Excellent. I am just preparing for my show in July. Just sold one today, though. Its a beautiful thing!
We are excited to see you tonight!
Listening to Skrillex > Bangarang. This song will wake you up for sure
Good Mrning Tweeps!! If content was king I'd b a court jester, but that doesn't mean u can't score some great deals! Call me at 877-244-9913
I guess so.. Damn
How is everyone?(:
off to bed, work in the morning and then second life
Lmao! I know, it'll be Super Bowl Sunday before u know it!
#womencantresist a man who puts her 1st
Today almost felt like a dream. Movies with , putt putt, hot tubing and trampoline,finishing with old Scoobydoos
Finally logged back onto twitter. Look I'm following you now!
yeah not really as I am not following twitter on my phone today and occasionally try to catch up on my work computer
Final Fantasy XIII has caused me to discontinue my WoW subscription finally, and go with GameFly (again). PS3 wins again.
haha its my favorite :)
Also PA Pareanteau is a UFA this year.
Don't pay "lip service" to your "word-of-mouth" strategy - done right, you have armed your "advocates" with your differentiators - powerful
thanks for getting my hopes up high Ms. Martin :/ haha
Part of today's #gymplaylist "Fuck the pain away" by
lol i feel u.
I just added all channels & got rid of Netflix. Just got old for me. Will give it a few months & then check it out.
can we get engaged again? And get silly pics taken? A bit jealous of :)
sorry, Dennis, I really wanna come out and see you, but weeknights are a killer
FOLLOW ME AND ILL GIVE YA A TURTLE(: 1
Yay Vikki Tripp. Thanks for being #300. Sorry no prize, but we love the enthusiasm! #400?
i need help!
yes! this is awesome.
Did the #P90X #KempoX workout Tuesday night. Now time for bed.
yep he just left my house headed to yours!!!
Getting Taylor ready to go hme.
i'm back
SOmeone give me something to do
I believe that what I believe may not be believable
my argument is that Man U is the Premier League equivalent of the Yankees. I hate them both for the same reason--they piss me off
nice avi sir
You all should come to blackbird, for one b4 or after the CML show at girabaldi.
is that sarcasm?
Fear the herd is right...
God gave me you for the ups & downs. God gave me you for the days of doubt <3
I'm just glad it didn't land on "nads" haha
I'm full of vitamins! Have been living on juices today :)
Here's wishing you a Good Sunday! Anybody know why Happy Mother's Day is trending? It's only March. Not May.
cute and I like
Smoking a blunt and watching porno
I cannot way for the April issue of to come out to see some of the things I worked on published!
. Very cool! We should chat. Also, I'm trying to track down a painter, an "I. Schlussel", mid-century US...
FOLLOW FRIDAY the realest dude youll meet --> !!!
nigga you're sounding like right now
Arriving at Mission Bay High School Open house!
So... Apparently I'll be competing in some kind of media challenge.... This should be interesting. And hilarious.
I spent the whole night tossing and turning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
No, loved Holly and Leah. :Does anybody still watch So missing Sorry
Hello ! Appreciate the follow! :-) xo
Real fathers lead by being a positive example for their children.
Today, April 4 @ 5 PM, "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio: Guest, Will Love, Model, Activist: A Day of Silence: latalkradio.com, Channel 1
ReTweeting Poised Creation never goes out of style!
Follow , the clothes are sick.
Jeff Hopkins (iWashDC) says socks filled with ice melt and hefted up to gutters are safer than scaling ladders to break up dams.
: dissonance for users between staticity of web archives and notion of web as ever-changing and dynamic
What's your favorite thing about Spring?
Oh electro..i hate it...but I love it#remixes from 1985
What are your plans for this beautiful weekend? How about some well-deserved R&R?
So glad to hear that - I love that series. Congratulations on this wonderful news!
“: Should I go to the Village or the mall?!” -_- really? The village
A little Faith will take you a long ways, but a lot of Doubt will get you nowhere!
Who's ready to place their order for RG3 Jersey?
so nice seeing you! Love the support!
Also, with the size of the available dataset, we're powered to detect changes which are vanishingly small.
I want to model for the #NOH8 CAMPAIGN!! :D
The adult pool is fantastic and far away from the kids. Very fun for a couple.
and I am now off to work on ;)
Iced Marble Mocha Macchiato as afternoon lava.
pleasure, happy to lose again next year.
That's my MO and a B to that shit..... With
you better
Chat System is done!
theres been a slight set back but rhew website will be up within the next 2 weeks!
In Austin today, filming the role of Eduardo Garza in the comedy feature "Second Impression".
Have the punch! “ Do it to it, amigo! RT : I need to eat at , like, pronto. #hungry #chicago”
NYers will pay price for ’s shortsighted budget decisions for yrs to come. We can't allow more cuts to early childhood ed
Hey we would love to be in touch for potential partnership. Can you please follow so we can DM you info? Thanks!
Coworker: ''Looks like the Heatles are tied with the Bull-each Boys!'' Get back to work, Gary!
Whats your Super Hero name?
Follow us and receive a free class Come on jersey get on board
RT : acting goofy/slow in our school today... wonder what's up. {Good it isn't just mine!} Me TOO!!!!
President's Day is supposed to be saved for prom dress shopping. It better not be used to make up a snow day.
Ha! After commenting on the cute bartender, says: "I think I was your age when I went through my bartender stage too."
seriously that last #bud ad could have easily been a #coke ad too they both keep trying to sell the same "american good times" theme
that was so stupid why did u ruin 5 min of my life for that wow!!
how about Winnemucca Nev.? There's like 12 of us out here. Just hanging out. Waiting for you to come rock out.
Cant beat us 5 on 5 but 9 on 3 yep BITCHES
One day you're going to look back & realize you threw away everything you could have ever wanted for things that made you happy for a moment
Lecture today at Palm Beach Photo Centre was by one of my early heroes Ralph Gibson His black/white shocked my early career I shook his hand
Oh, I don't think you understood what I was tweeting.
When sleep fails, Zim will save the day. Doom doom do doom doo doom doomà
I'm fantastic! Working in PR in MKE and missing MU! What have you been up to?
Got sushi? We do. Check this:The Columbus Dispatch, in a recent stellar review, said: "A serious sushi operation is also on the premises."
Standard Thursday nights! RT : yo! Party time. Hard.
Today's food is 3.4% more delicious. Keeps getting better &better. Come eat. 2nd &Lafayette
y haven't you been doing some of your images??
What would you do if you were selected for #thehungergames ??
Ben Folds is having coffee next to me. Thought you would appreciate it.
Appreciate the mention!
Bout to go eat n then krispy kreme!!!!!
#IfMBMetMyParents I would be like can we meet your parents first.!! <3 :)
Where do you live that you have snow still?!
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
chillin' lol bored outta my mind
Some folks have asked, so I'll prep some pointers soon. When is Greece for you? And you just doing Athens or some islands?
Good company! RT “ #FF some of my favorite people.”
I've been away from Twitter for a few days. What's up? Are the Republicans still crazy?
Aint no telling when I go so there aint shit that ima wait for, im the type to say a prayer and go get what i just prayed for.
A full day of prep ! The Holiday Pop Up Shop is going to be amazing! Dec 8th 5:30! 5335 Banks St. San Diego 92110!
Hehehehe Karmas a bitch!! I love my best friend.
Have to love seeing getting signed by the Bucs. Has been an inspiration to many. Good for him.
Work out time ;)
You're amazing(:
I will never write off since they sent me a PSP last year & Sony XBA headphones this year.
damn I have a huge headache! I haven't had anything to eat at all today :(
Gotta spread the ever-changing word. LOL! Thx 4 the article. RT : Thank you, Tracy. Hope you have a wonderful night!
Sub for 2 block:-)
RT : At #wilderness2012 with all the peps from !!
Hate it when my nose is so stuffy I can't taste my coffee. :( what a waste.
"Life is based on time. Therefore if you waste your time, you're wasting your life."
I should never get on Twitter before meditation, easily aggravated...
Many years ago--oh my, that lamb was great. Have experimented w/pomegranate molasses; hibiscus concentrate, still looking!
so sleepy. night!
If I treated you the way you treated me, you would hate me.
+ my fave The Typewriter RT : Anderson wrote tons of fun pieces for Boston Pops, inclding Blue Tango, Sleigh Ride & Waltzing Cat.
I fuckd up Lol i left my window open last night My room is freezing balls
you're probably right. something about getting it in an imported glass bottle ala Coke appeals, tho
I can't begin to say how much I love that I'm watching MTV right now and everything you tweet, I'm thinking in my head.
be there in 5 babe
My house smells like stale beer and cat piss. I am the all singing all dancing crap of the world.
Beyond tired and wit it only bein 24 degrees....I REALLY dnt wanna get up!
WTR out n about in Houston area sampling our wines. Currently at Specs Woodlands S. & 5-8 @ Specs Galleria area...come see us!!!
MM!!(: wait who colors it??
You Gotta Change The Way You Think To Change The Way You Live tho...
Spending the rest of the night celebrating my partner and best friend on his birthday. I am the luckiest girl in the whole world.
The water here in Columbus is gross. We have to filter the hell of it because otherwise it gives me a headache.
Goin out for the night with 34% battery life, livin life on the wild side.
Haha! Luckily, I did not get sea sick. But it was super fun!
Neil Horikoshi of cites startling statistics on outcomes for young men of color - unemployment, incarceration, or death.
Creating an armature, any armature, to stabilize a creative process is a great idea. Even if the armature falls apart.
How are you celebrating President's Day?! Frugal Philly Mom has some great ideas for family fun!
Oh but also are you coming to Natty's graduation? Come sit and be bored with me!
S/O to that binoy for being a stalker
It's here! It's here!
I'm too public relations for life.
Thank y'all so much for the lovely #ff's
Whoop! Whoop! Time for
i guess it's like fasting on bread, cleanses the system?
- Howard Schultz
I just saw your video! Like the idea of it :) cant wait for your nxt video :)
Oh, the inanity on , particularly from the himself.
The song "Part-Time Lover" never addressed whether or not said lover got health insurance. It's the not knowing that haunts me.
Chi-town city life.
Thank you for the #FF!
For one who has not yet seen this picture that mental image just made me LOL
Re-watching Kill Bill
Don't take your mother for granted, and never straight up disrespect your mother
I love the Grammar Awards!
you are wonderful. I loved our chat!
life is so pointless
if i dont know wat this is than i dont want this on my page
If you're dying to go to Coachella but couldn't get a ticket, I seriously recommend checking Craig's list. Tix are selling for face value.
The process of gathering signatures to appear on the ballot begins today
Seems like Sports Networks just love it when NY sports team...and the LAL...lose! Grow up already! How about all the good nites we've had?
OMG come to SD! You guys would kill it here :) Plus, there's a lot of "Zonies" as we call them that already know you guys rock :)
ugh, yeah. i knew this week would be a struggle cause i was just in vegas.. but oh man...
Aloha & Happy President's Day. We will be open regular hours today. Stop in & see us.
Woo Hoo! just passed her written test.
i'm hip...are you not going to math either?
if you tweeted me it would just make my day ;) i'm a massive fan of your whole family! COME TO IRELAND SHAYTARDS <3 x
- Funny setup in the pool. You'rre tied for 1st. If IND wins, you are 1v1 on MNF. If PIT wins, you play 8 other people for win.
Ready or not -meek
Read These Easy Steps to Opening a Boutique
Wait, so Santorum's sons also wear sweater vests?
. I will do anything I can to help you.
Suns out?!?! 1 sheep 2 sheep 3 sheep fuck it's gonna be a long ass #LDW2011 in
Help the Jeff Michaels Band reach their goal! Sign up at www.cuereal.com today and receive $5 Cuepins FREE!
I can finally sit down and relax!
The Avengers was the best movie I ever seen ..!
Girls just want to have fun, unless there are admitted into a hospital, then they probably just want immediate medical supervision.
New Twitter follower, but been following Homer on the air for ever
The lady at this Subway has an accent that makes me think she harvests corn for fun. Hello, middle America.
I spoke to a neighbor once I was their 1st neighbor encounter in 11 years. That was 3 years ago, I like the twitter hood.
Definition of a Statistician: Someone who thinks figures don't lie, yet admits than under analysis a few of them will not stand up either.
thanks! we are about to teach 2 teens rescued from forced prostitution, how to make jewelry! Open house Jan 13 and 14
I know right, guess cause my eyes are sensitve?
You to dymand just so nice
#nyy #yankees Teixeira has more RBIs than Cano and ARod (and Prince Fielder for that matter). Now here comes the BUT.............(continued)
DPLA hopes for users to curate own collections, collaborate with other users.
I imagine you two will awake Sunday, with chaffed buttholes, 3 empty bottles of Cristal and 5 tranny hookers in room
Intern Update: counting googly eyes and little red pom poms for the Summer Reading Program! Also, can now print to copy machine upstairs!
MY POOL IS 69 DEGREES!!!! Swimming!!
Got your tickets yet for this Saturday's doubleheader? If not, go to Parkleigh, Thread or www.rocderby.com!
DailyHookahTip#99: Pack the water base with snow instead of ice, with a tiny bit of water. More surface area, more chill.
RT : All relationships begin with communication, whether business or personal! (Absolutely agree!)
Yea, we going to see what we work on RT : you rocking w/ us?
Never a dull moment in Philly.
so you never went to detroit
ha ha all good dude, that's why I was laughing no worries brother, I mean Sean
Dude,i want sour patch kids.
Wouldn't let #BAA near a piss-up in my brewery yet somehow they still "run" #heathrow? Insane.
Ibidem => In the same place (in a book), abbreviated as Ibid.
~ Hey Earvin, put $500 on the Rangers for me. They'll take care of Cards in 6!
Another thing in Midtown that never works quite right: digital television.
sick. Whatup doc?
I love my boyfriend,even though he get on my nerves.
Retail therapy is just the cloudy day solution!
- It's a great show to work on. The writers, directors and cast and smart, fun and hard working. Go show, huh?
Thanks for the tweet about Jee Hwang's opening tonight!
A whales vagina.
Juicing veggies in a bit and trying to get warm in this icy rain.
Finally out...
HEY! TWEET IF YOU WANT TO BE PART OF A CHRISTMAS PRESENT FOR AUSTIN! :)
Getting my oil changed means I'm stranded at the mall for an hour and a half... Pfttt
I'm hoping for a better sleep in weeks tonight than I've had in months. Xanax, melatonin, prozac. Do your duty.
Thank u so much for celebrating and supporting us last night! It was so much fun!!!!! Love you like WOAH!!!!
Hi Christina Palladino from ABC5... any pictures of the accident you can send us? Thanks
hi guys. We arent a cult. We own part of the moon. But careful with EP...he is sly about tea.
they don't even celebrate it in mexico either lolol
Thank you Regan, you are truly one of my biggest hero's! I love you and the amazing work you do<3
How come you cough so much more when you smoke alone?
#Psych-os are the greatest!
Evidence models must be faster for online ed #srebsym A-B trials make this fast and easy. Let's pool this in an evidence framework.
My MELO my man
Lucky! I want to feel better :/
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Cute free game. Works great on my Optimus T." by Julie
And J~Cup ?
In vegas... Who cares, I just want to get to LA.. Almost there:-)
Should be starting at Best Buy tomorrow or the next day! If you come in and see this blonde doing #happydance all over the place thats me
Your soul is guiding you with new ideas. Write them down. Act on them. Your life will benefit.
OH YES I AM! I AM THE BEST FIGHTER THERE EVER WAS!!
it's brilliant lol. And you shouldn't have let me go into bloomingdales after coffee... I just left
Jesus Christ what a pretty face
“: I'm jealous, I get to listen to shitty ass 50s at work
I can't believe the grizzlies finally beat okc
lol ah, poor baby ;-)
Da Future Video Shoot 8:00 pm Friday Oct. 29 at Triple A!! Come make a Cameo!!!!
Most stressful semester of my life - gotta make it happen though.. 2 days nd 3 more tests til Im home free.. #bigblunts #piff #sour #CASH <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Follow me at tumbler: whyyoumadbroiaintevenmad.tumblr.com I will follow back :)
Just saw another one of ur epic movie! Thank you for always reppin Vancouver and filming up there! Much Love
need to travel to Tahiti in the near future
provides the perfect #soundtrack for #Friday. #RaiseYourGlass!
: Q5) Before leaving Dagobah, Yoda pleads with Luke to complete his training. What could inform Yoda that Luke wasnt ready?
It's Monday! Are you ready to take on the week?!
Its mani/pedi Monday for this girl. What color should I choose?!
LMAO...or the duct tape holding the tube? He runs a mutual fund...I told him to call a plumber!
I'd love to but I'm in Phoenix. My buddy might be able to. We should collab sometime. Stoked to see the new work!
Q: How many Leos does it take to change a lightbulb? A: None: Leos are so enthusiastic they carry their own light.
Hey guys you can follow our fan page on Facebook. Just put The Single Chef in search bar...Thanks for the support!! Matt
WHY IS IT SO HARD TO PICK A LOCK
leaving for #LasVegas tomorrow :)
I take that back, a mix between Diana Ross from The Wiz and Janis Joplin. I haven't had to hold back my laughter this hard in a while...
#kirtland air force base without gas. Our local military without heat in their homes right now.
Isn't that how it always works? LOL U all take fans' abuse and then when their team gets its teeth kicked in, their fans hush up
RT @ DDASH2DALO Fold under pressure I would never... ever...
like something delicious. Ya know?
RG3 is entirely too full of himself.
: That ending was awesome! You have to catch it on Hulu later.
Check us out on reverbnation! www.reverbnation.com/hieroglyfics
Happy Friday! What are you doing this weekend?
There Is a shark swimming in the stock market pool and it hasn't even bitten anyone yet. Short sales for profits
For real bro
I don't believe in failure I believe in
Need a hint? You may have set your security word to something you might remember! Maybe one of these arbitrary things!
RT : #IWNY is finally over. I say finally because I'm exhausted from all the meetings and networking. That said, lots of great...
if I was going Saturday I would get the $170 ticket behind home plate with unlimited beer and food.
Herman Cain to Gingrich "If you were VICE president what would you want the president to get you to do?" *dreading that already*
Off today and going to go see the cast of "The Hunger Games"
Watching "UFC: Miller vs. Diaz" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Coffee Date it is! “: Hi guys! Come see us @ 5:30a for some fresh coffee & awesome pastries!”
Thanks chick!
Thanks for the helping the Mindbloom community grow!
As far as librarians validating user-created content, we need to keep in mind the Wikipedia model where the crowd polices itself
True story: I had a dream the other day. was running off the field carrying the Lombardi Trophy. Dreads flying with excitement!
Avoid 96th and Keystone right now - huge backup going south on Keystone! Stay away! Or you could be like sheep and sit in traffic...
Unbelievably sad story on #realsportswithBryantgumbel about 3 recent deaths of hockey
I've always liked cash more than stocks. Gold chains too.
wake up sleepy heads! it's Friday! helping Vinny make it a good start for ya!
#FF Beautiful soul! Nothing but #Love B!
Obama Campaign Headquarters - the mainstream news media! Reporting false and misleading information regarding the jobs report & the polls!
Thanks Dan! RT - I'm going to
could having 100 hours in Fallout New Vegas be considered antisocialism?
Thanks for the RT! Thinking before speaking is becoming a lost art!!
netflix having problems right now, will only stream a few seconds of a show (thru apple tv), then error occurs
Fine Thank You & you?
Have a great day y'all. . .lol.
Offensive to mock fast food workers and force #underemployment on overqualified college grads. #GenY #wantfrieswiththat Thoughts?
another victim to the reverse Mandible Claw!!! Haha
Thanks, I'm gald you liked it. Thats steel mill lighting. From one side it totally disappears and blended in on film.
well Becks new girlfriend could be Jade! Or at the end he could realize he want jade and umps the "new" girlfriend
was gonna say I kno a place bt that's cleveland..not cincy maybe can help u for cincy hotspots
You forgot to mention you whiffed on Montana and Syracuse will come back and win by 10+
Opportunities multiply as they are seized! ~ John Wicker
Saw you backstage... hope you had fun last night!
because there are only six seasons, search the web for the Christmas specials!
Michigan State runs it in for the score. Shaky snap on PAT, but it's good. 19 seconds left.
"Taylor Launter's Making A Parkour Movie" #huffpost Can he just run out of frame?
you looked gorgeous in your prom pics!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
presenting tomorrow at 10am Room W206A playful literacy activities
Any suggestions for bars near Coors Field in Denver?
Looking for more Hosts for If interested hit me up for all the details: facebook.com/DerrickHiggins
Well, that was just about the best first date-ish thing I've ever been on.
yes keep making that hot fire
yeah, but nobody wants to make out with him :-(
you are funny
Save the date. Wednesday, June 16th it is Salute's Anniversary party. 50% off all glasses of wine among many other things! See you there.
#Rockies CarGo goes deep, 6th homer of season, 10th career homer vs. #Dodgers. 1-1. .381 career average vs. Dodgers.
Economic observations: 1st dates are up at local starbucks, but local realtors are still driving compact cars..
I'm on the road driving.. no tv RT : 1-800-LBJ-AMES!!! Dialin' yoAzzz up, as 'ol ball coach Rick Duck would say!
Participants arriving at
I get to see Gary Oldman again tonight!!! Squeal!!!!!!
Fine don't text back!! :(
on the bus with going too the high museum. and she's high -__-
where are you exactly?
My diet lately has been pizza, pasta, fresh fruit, and eggs. I just got sick of trying to get creative with the grocery list.
he is my a good guy, he is the best guy
No one in their right mind would plan it! "That squirrel is waterskiing...Compelling and rich" - Rob Burgundy
The 2 hours I spent at THE CLOCK were some of the best I've had in NY! #4am-6am,
I am, because I can't think of a practical solution.
Might as well just go to HEB. Sorry, Target.
anyone wanna be in my new story called thing happen 4 a reason
Thank you, and how have u been Mr?
watching Herbie Hancock play Gershwin compositions w/ L.A. Philharmonic...simply beautiful...
Check out WTMJ - says AP called the newsroom to admit error.
#WasHotButNowItsNot the #Lakers, the #Clippers are taking over now
MITT ROMNEY can't AIM AT TELLING THE TRUTH. How would he AIM at taken BIN LADEN OUT? BIN LADEN mentions MONEY and IT WOULD BE MAKE A DEAL.
Private $ that would be given to expand C'wealth Stadium would not be donated for other University spending.
lol he's so cool he can't even spell.dumb little kid
Backstage passes! The actors would love that. "I missed my entrance because I was signing autographs."
they not tho
That was DOPE! The No No is one of the greatest moments in sports!
Up early, headin to the airport. I'm ready to be home. Thank god its only #Friday tho.
I feel PC/Mac gaming has declined over the past decade; I think a device like OnLive could help boost it again. Agree or no?
RT RT : Google+ is like the gym. Everyone is a member, hardly anyone goes.
Hey ! Good questions this morning!
hehe oh you know it =)
it's going around. I'm in a horrible mood today because I had about 4 different nightmares last night.
Well they sexy to me :d
“: Everybody has that friend that lies about how much play they get.”
I fell asleep too early. It was nice, but now I'm just laying here. How is this even possible?
lost all my contacts smh...
That awkward moment when you’re yelling at someone and you mess up a word. -_-
Hope it tickled your taste buds! // : RT: first drink of the school year? I'm Dating Jesus :)
Alber Elbaz is so fantastic. "I was so stressed that I sketched my next collection" Love him.
Negativity breeds more negativity. When you focus only on the negative, obviously that’s all you will see.
Just another Friday throughout town. Excited for the weekend? Heck yes!
Mar 30, Polo Mongolia...
Well that was good timing.
go after or before! c:
TutorTrac seems pretty good. Why isn't everyone using it?
you liked us?? yay!
no luck :/
Apple pie & ice cream
"The whole world needs to be DVRed!" - John Racette (just now, on Facebook)
Hi Hans how are you?
Oops is what I meant. They traced his family tree back 8 generations in India!
‘Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.’ ~Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
You're wrong, but even if you believe this ...
look forward to being in SF next week
Sick in bed with catarrh AND #Instagram is down? Cruel world
Heartbreaking! #SanDiego in mourning RT Junior Seau's dad visited the growing memorial outside his son's home in Oceanside
But im bored :(
thank you, porn bot, for showing me some girl's tits. I appreciate the sentiment, but I have my own. And they're nicer.
How can you tell when a salesperson is lying? His lips are moving.
Nascar great meeting with Really excited to work together.
Congrats to of and on completing the with a time of 04:02:30. Way to represent Colorado
hey !! i listen your cover and they are #AMAZING #SWAG #AWESOME Grettings from
<-------- she's so effing HOTT its ridiculous lol
Go fight Cotta, more punches, less dancing. Punch Kid, give it everything
Full Moon #FF check out these arts orgs!
Insert fart sound here. RT ": Good luck, Theo. Thanks for the 2 titles."
I like your hair....
YOU were awesome! Pleasure meeting you! You will be seeing us soon!
if you're at work it must be it's a different Whitter. ;)
#LRT Money or a nut ?
yeahh..kinda figured
Mom i love you but this trailers got to go GQ
Limit it just only a word me made up.. Don't put anything in between your self!
lol, you can sing that again! It Was HOT finally :) Wooya Much Linda :)
now everything has changed!!!! and I dont know if im ready
Starting drum tryouts this week!! Stoked.
Your welcome. :]
I'll see what I can do. Just checked out their video. Very cool song.
Hah, probably right!
I want it all back
Good start boys! Let's keep it going...
Hey! Thanks for following me. I really hope you enjoy my artwork! :)
In Government & Interested In Cloud Identity Management? Attend 's Cloud Identity Summit Next Week In NOVA....
I just don't understand why I can't purchase an iPad2. The only chance is to get in line at 6:45am each morning. They stay sold out!!
Stop at #villageinn before heading out to
": “Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass...It's about learning to dance in the rain.”"
I need a nap! Where is my #underdeskbed?
Happy Valentines Day. Love you lots <3
couldn't agree more!
hEY WORLD! Steven is awesome!
Why did you have to do that
No Twitter-bots on my list
I sorda wanna hangout with holly at lunch because I miss her.
has his READING glasses on today.
:) and birthday too!:)
Another day of PT down!
AW dangit, you're at #MW2012 too, ? Wish I was there...
great chat! , wishing you lovely tomorrows
Today is about engaging with the DS Community for me. Laser focused. “: Keep pushing!”
Don't forget to sent a DM and say why you should win the autograph. Contest ends July 27th
"It's not what is wrong and how to fix it, but rather what is possible"
He would have killed Brett Lawrie, are you kidding RT : Was Davidson the Lawrie ump?
Waking up at 4 in the morning and not being able to sleep anymore....that's so nice...
just 3? Still to far, Should've just stayed and played basketball!
First time I've got nothing on the books for Saturday. What am I gonna do?
It's sad that it's come to the point where they have shows for 16 year old whores that have kids Fuck it they might as well get on tv for it
is the writing portion of our childrens book due tomorrow?
#toshme what an eclectic menagerie of people here at radio city. Yay tosh.o
And you will!! Just stay focused :) You have all my support cuzzo! <3 you!!!
I think a hero is an ordinary individual who finds strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Writing is the simplest form of content creation. Write, write, write, write! It all adds up over time!
wont miss it!
Hard to believe that the Blazers really did rush Oden back given how his rehabs always seemed to take longer than expected
Who's stoked for our headlining show this Friday???
are you talking about Garden State? because I hear it is a huge chick flick
40 years. Pretty long run in this business. Keep an eye out for what our staff will be doing in May...
Rain finally stopped. But no relief from the heat. Sun is pretty on green leaves though.
so it was claimed last year. I'm still waiting :/
Can someone come in here and help me with this geometry ch. Test./
Roadtrip! Headed to Philly to visit Thompson Institute, , campuses. Excited to see PSCUs in action!
I don't like when people waste my time.
Can someone please take me to NY this weekend?
thank you babe!
sleep because you're talking to that one special person. <U+2665>
Secretary of Commerce John Bryson at !
Open your mind and she'll open her legs.
"There will come a time when you believe everything is finished... That will be the beginning." - Louis L'Amour
I'm disappointed he doesn't still rock his knee pads he had a PU RT : Brian Cardinal hasn't aged since college...
I haven't slept more than 16 hours in the last four days and all I remember eating is shells on Saturday.
Now that was a wrkout
How are you love?!:-D
Nw Hip Hop POV
Voting YES on the #sagaftra merger? Post a pic of you and your ballot & tell the world #icheckedyes!
Rereading "Song of Solomon" for the 1st time in 10 years is like getting to know my younger self. I missed so much, but loved it utterly.
Get your Puccia in this beautiful morning .... Noon lunch time
I'm on twitter way too much.
they only knew each other for a couple days. They probably would have broken up eventually if given the chance to date.
What a great photo op!
I looked at that answer but it didn't make any sense to me. I may have to send a screenshot so that you can see the problem.
I need a long nap
m Monday
RT is hosting a #Special #App #Event starting tomorrow for 10 days. RaffleCopters r set up to promote apps.
#NowBumpin "Oldie" by Odd Future
worked Pint Night and now get to stay up all night studying....again. Get me to 11:30 tomorrow please.
damn!!! fucking #bulls lost
I'll eat you
FAST-FIX JEWELRY AND WATCH REPAIRS store is now open at the Westfield Valley Fair Shopping Mall in Santa Clara, CA.
Going RAPING with and - watch out, Los Angeles!
I feel like changing my twitter name again...give me names peeps
Basket full of single-use toothbrushes in the break room this morning right by the coffee machine. A (not so) subtle hint from...
The link I got back was for the 5 tricks to double your gains.
Hey Dear, miss you much...:)
Its All Up To Him We Discussed It And He Sounded Interested But Im Tryna Get A Confirmation
im exhausted
of course! You guys are gorgeous:)
yes you are! And you'll see my hair too!
Yes, I have the same problem, that's why I identify with the quote!
I just tuned in, but they showed 2 live performances from their archives, so that is kind of cool.
Two new bruises on my butt.. One from the game tonight and the other from slipping on beer after the UK game on Monday = 1 successful week
THIS--->RT : At the end of the day I can always say I handle my business and nobody can challenge that
Dear people, it's not "could of," it's "could have." Now please use it correctly. Thanks.
follow me again
Thanks you're too kind!
I just woke up from the best nap of my life to the reality that its only Wednesday :(
Will, what is your personality archetype?
Needs a change.
But I'm gonna be the bigger person and not get mad.
Old guy in airport security line pulls his ID from his Wonder Woman wallet & shows to TSA. Wonder what gate his invisible jet was at!
literally going to die alone.
miss you babe! I hope you're having tons of fun!
it says im following you? X
I will be teaching a hypnotherapy certification WITH Marshall Sylver for a small group of people at his Palace in Las Vegas, end of April.
Too much food. Grateful for being able to afford occasional gluttony.
rt Ya'll are such a cute couple.
Ugh! Food coma after 5 guys's bacon cheeseburger!
S/O our newest follower & definitely fashion with a edge!
#AHA2012-bound! The Marine Air Terminal at LGA is art deco/WPA bliss.
2 years already... RIP Lukas! Love ya boy #3/11 missing you always
Craving key lime tart...Could just put it between my cheek and gum...savor the flavor...
Get excited for 1/2 price #pizza on this gorgeous day. Password: BEAR BEAR PRO
All drama is foreplay. Screwing is the end.
TRAFFIC - Crash Wb Belt @ Todd Dr
Until 4PM today in Women’s Active- Meet Lissette Marquez from & get outfitted by a pro in their last swimwear for Summer!
Mailed novel to #agent by USPS after spending an hour to print. Postage was $8 and ink brought total up to $10. It's a form of gambling.
The musty, wheatpaste bookstores of Buenos Aires are akin to crack.Today, I emptied my wallet of every dime.As well, my arms are strained.
Will you marry me? Jerry can come along too. :)
I Just Listened To #TurnToYou .... I Cried My Eyes Out :c Your Amazing #ImSoProudOfYouJustin <U+2764> I Love You<U+2764>
No matter how bad things get, I try to keep perspective. Do you know there are pensionless teachers in Africa?
Thank your for your support.
I'm about to be in tears because it's over!
Learn Chinese for the day: <U+68D5><U+8272> [zongsè] brown
#Pray4SeanKingston praying for a full recovery! <3
I will NEVER EVER fall in LOVE,why do fools fall in LOVE????
Sometimes listening to the people who truly love you can help you a lot in life
Thank you so much!
ipod seems to be worked [for now]
Jackets fan? I'm from DC!
Nothin' beats Pancakes in morning. Yum(:
do you have any gumball head??
Michael Mina at the Bellagio, very nice so far
join instagram! Then you can 'like' the photos!
you're welcome! Enjoy! :)
THE 5 STEPS TO BECOMING THE BIGGEST BAND IN TOWN BOOK RELEASE TUESDAY APRIL 3rd,2012!!
Friday RT : When we gonna fuck, Ms. Parker?
Are you suggesting that beignets are a seasonal dessert?
#15peopleilove: the next 15 people who follow
ah holes in on! old school shia labeouf
i happen to have what you are looking for!!! :-)
I am cursed. will never follow me.:(
Nah, "Last Cause" & "Brick In The Wall"
Linton and Associates is now working with Flyline Search Marketing to boost our Brand Awareness.
I got you fam
**Hey Soul Sister**
Having a sarcastic conversation with yourself when people are ignoring you.
All is marvy! :O) Hope all is well with you, as well. Have a great weekend!
I'm having the best day!! I'm probably going to die tomorrow!
Please visit our website, www.nfocusfilms.com, for more information or samples of previous projects
Nice stuff man!
Thx for sharing the ultimate apps for photogs. Much Appreciated,
Attitudes are contagious. Make yours worth catching.
President Rick perry? Thanks but no thanks
I think I am gonna go back in the fridge now, starting to warm up and don't want that...I do wanna taste good for ya!!!
Slowest week of my life..
RT : Meet #Abq's newest radio station: Kid Safe, Family Friendly: SHINE 97.7 FM!!! Follow & "Like" them on Facebook!
Guys. I stretched up. Again. lol
Just finished reading book on Tiger. Great read. Pure unadulterated view. No pretense or agenda observed Hghly recmmnd.
$26!! Why would anyone pay that when a six pack is $10.
We have a new Ellicott City location coming on May 1st. Where do you have in mind?
I'm working with a fantastic design intern who used to be in production. It's been fun showing him the *other* side of spreadsheets.
Thank you, Taiasha! Peace and Pearls!
my friend said i look like a person who would cut their tongue down the middle and pierce both sides.
night babygirl. i love you :)
can u reply to me please just to show my friend that u do
I'll sign
You are great. Thanks for the mention of Sports Tackles Cancer.
I'll concede that point
All I want is sleep. Just sleep. Is it so hard to get some sleep. D:
And it begins again
Hi Twitter its big dream I'm going to be at Broadway comedy club ny on Nov 18th please cum support me
Yes I got a b in painting
It's a lovely night for some painting and wine! Come down and see us...bar is open till 9!
Giving one of our cats his first bath. Wish me luck!
Fitting gifts into a stocking can be challenging. Make life easier and slide a bottle of wine in there. Christmas = done.
better be
on the grind like i should be-mito
Never change teams!!! Success is a struggle
no problem(:
silencio for favor
Good morning Brett! What an awesome night I had last night w/ the Tigers at their foundation event. Laird made me do shots!
***AVATAR Exclusive *** Creative Director – A Developer *UK BASED* - for more information contact .uk
oh, okay. I just thought you were saying something like mojito, 'cause I hate mojitos too. And moquitos, I guess
listening to music while getting ready
Clairton High School wassup #SCRSCReamTeam is the building lets get LIVE!!!
Game of Thrones. Shaking in my boots.
Fajita Pizza Recipe You don't need to go to a fancy gourmet pizza place to get great unique pizza. You can easily make it at home with re
Looks & Feels like Spring!!! I'll take it :-)
After school naps >>>
Nani coming on for Young. Lets go Nani!!!!
Looking forward to the #AMPConcert at 2pm this afternoon!
I bet Newcastle are really missing Andy Carroll right about now.
They swear up & down the world is ending this year, & these MFs can't even get the weather right, smh
Hahaha you are not kidding. And I wouldn't be able to appeal smh lol
I can't believe I'm getting emotional over a required class book <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
What's going down at Y-Not II? Y'all are there. (Did I use "y'all" correctly?)
Good Night Love You :)
Yeah, I can't really get into this webinar since the word "architected" appeared.
Reward super-fans. Engage them by mentioning them in comments, "Matt, weren't you just talking about this last week?"
Today has been one year since we put you down, but it seems like yesterday we just picked you up from the airport. I miss you casper.<3
Headed to in Tyson's for lunch. Always a food allergy friendly experience.
I got u..I'm feeling a cross between 'Dre Miller and Rip “: I know! Tht's my weakness! Help me out bro”
About to show up to half hollow hills High school (long island) east 20 year reunion. Should be intersting. will be there!
Merry Christmas To All My Tweets!
I guess my first business dinner was a good excuse to miss the #MetBall livestream. Must catch up!
I think Romney's pretty much secured his spot as GOP candidate. but he's better than Santorum, Palin, and Bachmann combined so...
from things I've read about things I like, not that smart!
There's snow! Definitely didn't think that would happen with how the weather was last week
Night jus got ruined by someone that calls me their brother oh the fuckery is on point........
I just coughed so hard that I think I blew out my gooch.
my throat hurts :( ugh
$52 to fill up my gas tank tonight. Another reason why I love walking everywhere.
#success is a great place to start!
slow egg is making me hungry!
I will be sure to check out Thanks for the tip!
Create a landing page to capture leads You'll want a landing page to capture your leads
Hahahaha love you boo:)
I'm about to throw a dictionary at your face ! #Wtf ?
no worries :-). I forgot you mentioned you were going out there
I was like ahh fuck no... Then he spoke and I was like All the Awards Mr. Wesley flawless
Good morning New York!
Ben Sliker is a genius. Spent yesterday working on the blocking for ROM the feature. The set he's created in his own apartment is insane.
you'll see ;)
nah ah your just horrible at guessing!!:) lol
Thank you much to all on my panel- it was truly fascinating stuff. Keep in touch!
I need that new cartel in my email!!!
Lol! I love it!
Do you have Merrell Barefoot shoes? I'm thinking of getting them and maybe start barefoot running. Any knowledge?
Mr True. I knew you from another time and place.
is this trending, #quinning ?
Facebook friends interested in higher education topics: follow me
RT if your bored!
I'm just a holy fool, and baby he's so cruel, but i'm still in love with , baby.
Some tough calls went against the Mavs. They deserved a split, OKC got lucky.
Me no like boys that ain't jumbo.
do you really?? can we meetup tomorrow?
I hope so too
Watching say yes to the dress. Too bad I won't ever have experiences like this. -.-
I feel so loved. I think I'm approaching 400 as well o.0
nice decision on the IDA thing.
is it Finn
still might be more productive than Turiaf Wade n Pittman
Been there done that, lol twice within two days count yourself lucky ha
Goodmorning :) Gonna start getting ready for playlist soon!!!!
that's good and a Blessing! Good morning
Like some clap on lights in this bitch, Ima be clapping all night in this bitch!
just come, their really nice especially Kristel. She's cool. :)
(And you an trust me. I'm an editor.)
You know it - let's probe!!
so excited about your project! Looking forward to RTing you about it. :)
What helps you get your mind into the dancing zone?
Spoke with police reps and they said increased presence b/c of juveniles, no arrests so far.
good day? Here? You must have been on meth.
celebrity spouses launched its public side. www.celebrityspouses.net
#GirlsWithNoAss usually have bigger boobs ! just saying
"Stone in a Sling-A Soldier's Journey," is now available at the Faith Assembly book store. -SaM
thanks for the encouragement! inspiring is what I shoot for...better than just having catchy songs! :)
about to search for something fresh for the new album i'm working on
That tweet would be much, much funnier if I were not seeing that general sentiment on my feed as we speak.
Kyle Korver is going crazy! is Bulls a better team without Derrick Rose??
Photo Enforcement on Oracle btw Wetmore & Prince. Watch your speeds out there! Whose ready for Halloween? Call 520-798-1111 for a ride home!
Where the fuck is my parents!!!!!!!
yup, if somebody'd get their butt back to Nashville they coulda joined me!
Don't seek what you don't need
Some of my favorite peeps
It's a morning.
International business week. Worl it!
lets try friday?
lol he did it to himself
~ I can even help you make money with coffee. www.millionsdrinkcoffee.com
If I could split myself into two people so everyone could be happy I would.
damn you're like two blocks from me. i just got home and am in bed already.
he guaranteed 8 titles. Has nothing to do with his rings.
Audio guy putting the last few touches on Rosehaven's new movie 'Fair Play'. It's looking good folks!!! Stay tuned for the release date
That's too sketch
Happy Birthday Sean #Toosh!
I'm teaching #Kyrgyzstan as my "ethnic violence" case study in class next week. May have to change the readings. Again.
thank you! She knows it... Lol
So...lemme get this straight #PhilMushnick. It's all Jay-Z's fault that you wrote that ignorant column today. Is that what you're saying?
By the way, went to a screening of my latest short film, The Skull Cup, recently. Turned out great. Will have new clips on my reel soon.
On a HOT webinar on how to step up social media a notch! On with Michelle Corteggiano, great info!!
Its been a while and a LOT has been going on. New blog soon to update you all. Thank you for your continued support!! <3
Love takes patience and faith, but it's worth the time. Definitely, worth every moment<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of. -Jane Austen
Indeed. you have the power of superman and the form of a hot college girl. Also.. 9 days left! :)
You only popular cause you get around.
RememberMe! will help you #KeepInTouch with your #friends !!!
I sure am Buttercup !
im at swining door barhoppin with there is your roomate here but no you
Hi Robb! How can I apply to your castings? =)
April 2nd is the first day of the Golden Hill Farmers Market!
Would you drink 5 redbulls in one day?
u missed a bangin dinner dude.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.Winston Churchill
Danny Green has 13 points, Kawhi Leonard has 12. The Jazz shot 23.4 percent. The Spurs lead 53-28 at halftime.
If you still carry her bags, open the door for her, tell her shes beauitful and show her respect. You're a real man.
Got a headache
Thanks for the follow! Rachel, check out our website at TKGHeroes.com, we give 25% of our commission back to teachers!
cool! I love that dish!
His sorry ass wouldn't have made it, either. He needs to shut up.
the bowtie is large and in charge
On it! the tea plantation was gorgeous. Learned a lot about tea. Not organic though.
Happy Birthday lovely! :)
You're welcome...
Lebron FreeGuns for 80$ ? Don't mind if I do.
Yes! RT : everybody check out the homie live on air right now!!!! ---&gt;
Everyones felt alone at one point. But some more than others
We're glad to be your swanky office. Thanks for being here.
All I can do is be me, whoever that is!!!!
Also sidetracked by Karen Carpenter Wikipedia page.
I'm in shape ... round's a shape, isn't it?'
suck my pen.
Could this day get better....nope
Want the most #healthy #bread ever? Then check out our site (it needs work, we know)
"Death Comes to Pemberley"
Check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com, we have toys and games for every age!
Was that a flop by Marchand?
There is a new oportunity for the GIS developers to sell their ideas
#gymgrind then getting into character
same here just saying what's up girl
when I'm in Boston . I'm in Neponset lets put it that way. Don't act like you were looking for me. Lol
gross gross gross!!! i had getting hit on by drunk creepy red necks! and there obviously underage brother!
A new back to music sweeper is occupying #productionvault now
s/o to my new follower
I would be happy to help.
Walking to Lose Weight - Natural and Effective Weight Loss Method
aww, that looks fun! i miss that park.
Dying the blond out of underneath of my hair tonight.
Really feeling even if the feeling is sadness.For to really feel, is what life is about. And to share what it is that you feel,that is love.
Congratulations!! Always a good moment. :)
i love you lots
Sometimes I really miss Portland. Then when it's cloudy here for more than 10 minutes, I realize I really don't.
WOW!!! Congrats lady!
I am so ready for TGP
and I laughed our butts off, espcially at the Dowton Abbey references. Can't wait to see you in an old timey car!
Why do people always wanna have class outside? You get all sweaty and papers blow away.
stay #clean!
Haha I will do my best to make that dream come true...
Maybe so but EVERYONE deserves the opportunity to better themselves thru higher education. Not just the rich.
Bring your own mug or tumbler to Starbucks or Caribou Coffee this Sunday (Earth Day) & get free coffee. No coupon needed. via
Dude barely Wednesday? Can this week go by any slower /:
“: You disrespectful son of a bitch. You are done. Ghetto piece of shit” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
No. It won't. The rejections do pile up and you run out of space in your home eventually. But it's all good.
my bad,
i was planning on doing hw tonight... oops
Forum this morning plain dealer talking about strong CLE mktg & ad firms
apparently i shouldnt be aloud to walk drunk. i really do feel bad about the table. Im pumped noone saw it go down except mike
That sounds great. Will do!
See Harden be pullin that ole #Tricky get under ya skin type stuff.
“: was just seen at the #Grammys.” LOL:)
So uncomfortably HOT
Lot on the mind
I'm trying bro
How do I apply for grants for my non-profit 501 C 3 community group to promote culture, heritage, etc.?
my moms been asleep all day, cool beans(:
Watching Keeping Up With The Kardashian's ;)
Gunna sleep mad god
exactly. just think what our society would look like if more people actually read. could be almost sane and pleasant!
We used to tuck our arms into our shirt and put our knees in a big pair of shoes and do the Macarena looking like midgets.
thanks for RT!
Feel pretty good about that call back
Yep. And yeah… as soon as we know you will know!
#imthekindofperson who's very easy to get along with n liked by many just don't push the wrong buttons...**aww snap he pushed the button!**
Work work work!
C'mon Senator Barbra Boxer(D)...your election is coming up and its time to see if you have the backing to get re-elected...I THINK NOT!!
I am unsure if Britain loves Pavement or not from a late-night sing-along of Cut Your Hair, but here's to hoping.
I still miss the station! I need to start streaming the WFIU feed from afar, obviously. :)
Everybody lies
Just heard from a buddy got a ticket for the cubs/sox series! Woo hoo! Like a kid in a candy store!
Agree RT : Pet peeve: bar stools where there's no foot rest attached to the counter
Are you a recent graduate looking to start your post-college career? TRAK Records and Library is looking for a motivated, teamwork-orient…
I don't either but anything is possible with Lisette
On Stage at Trumpets, Trumpeter Ted Curson, guitarist Paul Abler. & singer Yashmin Charet.
wouldn't it be nice if...it was #summer already!!
almost to my 5,000 tweet ^-^
Google Cultural Institute to help museums of all sizes digitize collections for public access online nyti.ms/vSBH3t
Bowen: 3 keys vs. Pats Eagletarian: Les Bowen of the Daily News talks about three keys for the Eagles to follow in order to beat the Patr
Do you think expansion will water down ACC hockey? Pitt and Syracuse were both undefeated this year, so probably not.
You make me happy when skies are grey.
Hi! :) Plz excuse delay in~responding!~Hv been slammed!|#Co2/#AGW Is~a~hoax~not founded on real science.|PlzSeeNextTweetAVideo
Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber waltzes through the first 16 months in office but the hard part is ahead
Excited for PHAME Music Director show tonight, 8 pm at Tony Starlight's, NE 38th and Sandy Blvd, hope to see you there!
thanks so much!
I will be there in about 3 months. Gotta wrap up stuff here. I can't wait I miss Georgia something awful. Have a great day:))))
Wake up wake up! Let's go!
these days we booked & we busy.
All I care bot rt nw is how annoying u r
#Quote for today: “There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met.” ~William Butler Yeats
agreed! Hv to fight urge to over explain
haha okay, well we can go then! I'll let you know when we're on the way over
I don't see how ppl can have big ass dogs especially more than 1
I am SO sad that I have to miss the concert tonight!! :(
OMG!! LLW VIDEO!! Some austin jones guy is promoting HIS song,"take my hand" It's nick priest all over again!!
Man this day is flying..
BREAD TIP: U can put ur bread in the fridge to make it last longer vs. spoiling! Can even put bread in the freezer! (:
SAT word of the day: ephemeral (adj.) short-lived, fleeting
Run on banks and if done unexpectedly, Greece could find itself unable to do x-border transactions
he does have great hair!
Thanks for the shout out and inspiration today. Hope the tacos did your tummy well.
...My hashtagging is awful. However... I think #TalkTwitterToMe needs to trend!
Tebow's a rolling...time for the to pull big ben for Charlie Batch?
I'm here ... on my personal account -- not the Focus acct.
Successful yard sale! In that we had no stuff left afterwards... because we took it all directly to a donation center.
Great meeting you last night!
r there any FM stations in Louisville that carry UK games?
Flex seal Is liquid redneck lol
Damn we lost that one #moneyball #oscars I think these guys are high off something
you guys have come to far i'm soo proud of you guys follow?
“: I want to drive to brookly to see right now!!!!” do it!!!!!
Neil Patrick Harris is in Starship Troopers? Holy hell. Low point in his career.
God made u special and he loves u very much
I miss you and all the other SMPS peeps too! Sounds like a good conference. Break a leg tomorrow!
couple days off then the women's final four at #pepsicenter on sunday and tuesday with
Ate their in summer. Awesome. RT : Just had my first sandwich at Rich flavor, juicy meat, awesome ingredients
Awww, I always wanted to be a mom.:,D but ima be a strict as mean mom though. >___>
#EI2011 Disposition is more important than position. Emotional Intelligence for Successful Schools
If you followed or RT my life will be more than complete! (: I love you!
I was wondering the same thing... Lol
anyone have suggestions on how to fall asleep fast?
hahahahhaahhahaha. Signs of a good night when your voice is gone.....goin in!
Dear , try to get in sync with your viewers' calendar (NYE was 5 months ago)
is making things happen.
Attack of the show(:
ice cream!
First day of recording went swimmingly. Four tracks done, moving on shortly
....chill out you two
Lets flood it. RT BREAKING: Punxsutawney Phil had better be hiding pretty deep in that hole of his.
Looking forward to April 29th!
Thank you, Terry! Your Camp Ladybug For Women sounds like a wonderful organization.
The Reunion Tour is on!
when are you going to dance back in Wisconsin again???
Almost just took out a biker while opening my car door...
I love being one of the five kids that came to school
Post a picture on our Facebook of YOUR favorite t shirt and you could be selected to win a $50 Gift Certificate to our site!
When you get a tan line on your feet from your Toms&legs from your soccer socks
so what you're really saying is that you need another iPad2 ... :D
Colts Appreciation day in NFLX! Get $5 off if wear your Colts Jersey. 118,000 ppl in NFLX so far!
Just starting Amartya Sen's Development As Freedom
Going to fung shui my room now! Let's see what happens.
WARNING! Do NOT pay more for: Flight, Hotel, Cruise, Car-Rental, Vacation...then You have to. Go to: www.FreeXpedia.com & get it for LESS!
my dad is the bargain hunter in my house. I've experienced tesco value toilet paper.
great idea! Bagels perhaps?
Today's SalesTouch install: Carillon Southlake outside Dallas; gorgeous info center looking to engage visitors to this masterplan community!
Relationships that are meant to be will. And the ones that aren't I won't try to hold on to anymore...
U niggas trip me out lmao
Happy and tired hehe RT "Exercise gives you endorphins. Endorphins make you Happy." ;D
Do not get on 205 south. I repeat. Save your sanity and do not take 205 south.
yo man hook me up with yhur sister
I don't mind the number, but requiring an upper case character in a password is awful.
Rise & Grind! Make it a great and healthy day.
Attorneys are unfortunately often too overwhelmed with tasks that have looming deadlines.
Did someone ask you if you were a lesbian? I heard some things.
Craving for some Chinese food.
you listen to country?
Im not neccessarily Ugly but im not Pretty either like idk how do Describe it.
sorry I had to miss your shindig last night!! Work sucks. But you're still in the city...?
Making a new song to fit the meaniing party haha
It's gonna be on like Donkey Kong this sunday!
I'm gonna ask for you, lol wait!
Finally, help arrives!--new page update today
When titanic 3D comes out ima go see it alone xp
Hehe I have 41 followers thanks so much <3
DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, Top 40,Reggae and RnB Tonight at One Up Elevated Lounge
yes, the Adress is 1650 Schrader Blvd and the entrance is in the back through the Wilcox Parking lot.
Fat girls should be waitresses not strippers, it's more up their ally.
i just wanna ride in my ride with the top down
The work we do takes a lot out of me as it is demanding & intense. I am often very tired. Please help us by informing others of our work.
Finals week= my national championship game
way to not say it back </3
"Platforms.. feet pedicured with no corns....you got that butterlove
Lights out for any BAY AREA competition! Still pending: : Waiting on a trophy frm both this year!
": Prop bet: $200 that I CAN'T stand on one leg for 1/2 hour.... BOOKED! Wish me luck" Did you make it?
Lunch is my favorite time of day!
Setting up March Madness brackets via requests already....three weeks away!
yeah, but what's the round trip cost?
Oh Really? Well he is doing a great job acting the part.
Rodin: city dwellers are happier, healthier and better for environment than sub/exurbanites who churn carbon into the atmosphere
I got to get that song as my alarm clock hahaaaa
that's what I'm talking about.
Crisp walks, new blooms, playmates at dog parks, tougher stomach = being a dog walker & Zoo Kpr Aide - I see variety & plethora of poop:-p
“Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul and sings the tune without the words and never stops at all.” Emily Dickinson
Happy Sunday, twitterpeeps! Catching up on Meet the Press, shall we see what dumb bs the renutlicans come up with today?
Looking for 1000 strong entrepreneurs to Beta my #statup for startups! www.bizcocoon.com
bartender is giving me free drinks so clearly you should have come out. I'm just gonna antagonize you about this. Deal with it
Dang...i got a lot of following back to do...Dont worry my followers i got yall!..lol
Stalking librarians.
Just watched a #DC cop herd a bunch of pedestrians to the sidewalk to ticket for jaywalking. Hm.
make out and dry hump session
dude bring me some of those, They look legit
Spain drops Saudi prince rape case
How many of you voted today?
Richest Nation Status: that w/ the best weather, most plentiful & delicious food, most beautiful women
God loves turning our "why" into "why not". He knows all things.Trust him.
Unlocked my knee brace!
Whose still up?
Seeing yourself as you want to be is the key to personal growth. -Unknown Author
Nobody wants him! #Suckers Trade Bosh
Lazy day
Pop show tonight!!!!!
i dont see any thing from u in direct messages?
what's poppin??
please share the directions. Those sound AmaZing!
Spent some time at the Pedal Pgh event, got to chat with Scott from , learned more about the plans for a more bike-friendly city.
Fabolous got off on the House Party remix tho
Heading Back Into the Studio Now After Rockin' all Weekend.
this health paper = waste of time
I don't think Marchand's clip is worthy of game misconduct when Salo gets injured in post-game handshakes
S/O to on a amazing coaching career !
First crisis of the morning averted. I *do* have half and half.
did these lawyers actually pass the bar?
Yes! Golden Age #GeekTrivia win! DM me a new question.
yall are hilarious, told u, u wld be addicted
Only 3 days left to get in on the action at www.PortlandBoatTours.com otherwise you'll have to wait until the official launch.
Happy Birthday! :0)
That awkward moment when it's Monday but you still smell like booze and hooker sex
My favorite part of that Tweet is the Minnesotan who responded.
Big momentum alert RARS is in play
can't find my dance shoes or yoga pants....
just seen bad teacher funny as hell didnt think it would be so funny. go watch it
It's a new day! Make it a good one!
Wishing the & had a game at #CoorsField today...can't wait for #SundayAfternoonBaseball!
Philly folks, look in the sky, there is a helicopter just chillin in the sky. how is that possible?
If I had a #KeurigVue Brewer I would name it: King Keurig, Ruler of Caffeine!
how about today
Slacker til my phone cut off
living the dream right there
Our artist lineup is growing be sure to check in on the new artists that are working with Poised Creation.
What a perfect week to move to the UES MT I'll be at Barnes & Noble on the Upper East Side tonight talking with !
“: I will dream of owning a club” And I will dream of going to your club,
#FF to our new design allies!
Hey i love you so much! <33 Would you be my first folower? :$
Life is about showing people you are born to be somebody.. Life : no one promised life would be easy they just promised it be worth it.
Getting paid to ride the escalator.
i miss you!! Hope college is goin god I'll come visit ya in ruby tuesdays sometime
WAIT!! CAN YOU PLEASE WISH A HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEFORE YOU GO TO SLEEP?! PLEASE!!<3
Ran into 's mama after his show on ACL stage. She'd been crying. Adorable. #proudmama #boiserepresent!
is anti-imflammatoryand antiseptic, pat a dot of clay mask or raw honey acts like( an antibacterial) onto the blemish to help it heal .
no no I see how it is. was the competition ALL along lol you can have him :p eat your strawberry ice cream :p
horrible. RT BREAKING NEWS: Reports: Body found in reservoir is that of missing BC student Franco Garcia, his family says
Most manufacturers change their promotions frequently
Pepperoni no doubt.
guess we'll see what happens next week (in cville we got both on Sunday)
I haven't seen any. I just found about that via a closed FB group for women tech people.
Can't wait for it to open.
So you just now following me huh smh. I thought we were better than that man lol
I call everybody Love. No i am not flirting with you...
don't do it. They're never quite right. I had one that never really warmed up to people. Then she started spraying - had to go
#FF our 5 newest followers: 1 more = 500th - who will it be?!?
play hooky today!!
no way chuck and blair forever <3
Only 8 something and I'm exhausted. Better rest up before I go out.
That's a bold offer.
i effin love you
But WAIT, there's MORE.... Billy Mays dead at age 50! Who's next? It's really strange he was on that US Air flight w/ hard landing Saturday
From Bad News by Edward St. Aubyn:"How could he think his way out of the problem when the problem was the way he thought."
Just bc u meet a guys parents it doesnt necessarily meAn hes serious about you.
saw you live in columbus man..need to talk some business with you
Not gonna see some of the seniors ever again, for most of them that's a good thing, for few of them it's very sad! Don't go
ESPN Classic is showing Game 163 on TV right now. I'm going to cry.
nose :s
Two library-related questions today from Facebook friends in other states. Can I add these to our reference stats?
Feeling all nostalgic and watching the Season 2 finale of #Buffy! Love Joss Whedon!!!!
did u get #COD #MW2 early when it released last year??
It's me joshmeatsix This was a bad idea Altpress...i'm English and feeling cheeky. Lets sta by saying Happy Valentines Day, fake holiday
We have so many greater issues than women choosing to use birth control. Why not promote education and be proactive. Just ban things.
Wait until Charlie Sheen gets his tiger blood boiling
Thanks for following! Love to talk more to you about your ministry..
Mee Too,but i was ova gramma house last nite but you was ova yo gramma house so i stayed at home
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit. -Napoleon Hill
you may have to tweet your talk
Line Please v1.0.1 is on its way to the app store with some iOS 5 fixes :)
ice cream sandwich yet?
I only take Friday evening meetings if they are with good people over good beers. Thanks for satisfying both criteria tonight.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger stand a little taller
Fingerprints like an album! "Every record that you do man, is so different in every way." - Jerry Cantrell
: and I think that the June tweetup should be on careers/interviewing... And happy to help! :)
Squashy or Squish.....yea thats his new name!!!!
Thankyou for running the #HoleInTheDesert news! We will keep you up to date.
i would be wrong if hacked their Twitter...but i didn't. just doesn't use Twitter. not my fault
This has gotten depressing RT #Nuggets trying to win two games in a row for the first time since 4-game streak Feb 29 - Mar 5
Only when used in a declaratory way. Used as a descriptor of ones feeling, the word takes on a deeper meaning of personal desire
I <U+E32B> Cheese. And math homework. -_-
holy fuck, I can't wait x)
had a great time at #uxcampdc on Saturday - great chatting with other #ux enthusiasts and sharing the magic of axure! cc:
Heck yeah we said 'woot'! Why, should we not have? Has it become internet passe?
the way men have wives
To everyone who I talk to this week who says we can deal with it in the new year; I am working next week so we can deal with it right away.
B/c you are every night at 3am. And hopefully I just woke you up with my SANGIN. RT : Why am I awake
Golden girls 24 hour marathon on hallmark!!! Ka-Ching!!!
FORGET MAGGIE. Lol we're gonna go. (:
June 2nd = SUMMER KICKOFF JAM. Who wants to help?
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?^.^ please???1
Statist literally just blew out the bass. Or else he's punking us for an epic drop.
3 day weekend YAY! Going to spend most of it prepping for my move next weekend. Looking forward to moving, not to the act of moving itself.
Tours tours tours!!!
cant wait either I love you!!
Holy freaking crap I'm so tired ;____; working is HARD!
I feel that way about clumpable kitty litter. Pure genius.
Info session for the Documentary Experience in London this summer-Wednesday @ 5pm in UCC 3100. Don't miss this hands-on film experience!
i'm sure we will find a way to incorporate a bromance. Don't hate
Chip craving? Kick it to the curb w/ air-popped popcorn- 100 cal/3 cups! Don't you feel better?
Im inna "black power" type mood today... I just might watch roots and listen to watch the throne
Saying u got a man? What u telling me for? Its just dat certain ish dat u gotta be on. Im so Player
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren't included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
Thanks for giving us a shot! :)
more donkeys kill people than plane crashes. Some bad asses there.
awww. That was very nice of you to say. Not sure what I did to deserve your complement.
graduation is taking forever lol...but family time is always good
Hang On Sloopy! New Orleans
You almost feel ashamed, that someone can be that important.. That without them you feel like nothing..
While in Chicago, I tried scouting the Man of Steel set. No luck.
Lets Go Clippers!!!
You're very welcome... :)
Wants to see you again so bad it's her first time coming to the United states and it would make her day if she could see you
When is our next pick?
Sometimes I wish I were a woman so I could look at pictures of women in bikinis without being totally mortified. But not often.
we appreciate your donation
If I had someone to rant to I would, sorry twitter.
RT : We give our highest volunteer service award to San Antonio native Gus Cardenas, head of Texas' & former AARP TX pres.
Bloop I'm a dork:)
Plans! Plans! Plans! #SoMuchToDo!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i believe in the boys mind Florida does not need a signing :(
Lil sis goes hard RT : Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Rochester for the day...then let the beer consumption begin!!
Had THAT kind of day.....goodnight friends.
Go on in 30 min go 2 radioschool .com Arlington location finna kill it baby
that for a near 75$ an hour!
#SkilledInEveryPosition ;P -NIKE
Teacher say "wat are you gone do if you dnt pass highschool I said get a 8 ball & A Heat
What can we unlearn from the past?
Ok, Twitter, I need ideas on where I can get a custom coloring book printed. Thoughts?
MT : A4: Branding/connecting with ethnic identity ie Little Italy or Chinatown still seems very powerful promo
Same here RT Twitter for iPhone replies #fail - anyone else?
#KnowThySelf RT : Sometimes, “I’m single” means “I’m drama free, less stressed, and I refuse to settle for less”
No tears no shade is my motto
Dude same here. That's why i hate b days:/
Egging on Twitter for the first time. Delightful!
lls something slight bro
It may just be the last day of classes, but semester is far from over.
Hey lush, have fun, its the weekend
Come on Fuck no! What will happen to the wwe with an idiot for a general manager! Eve had to get in the way! bitch!Sorry I'm pissed off now
KTD is delighted to announce a new client: Paulist Evangelization Ministries. KTD has been awarded sixteen unique projects.
Truth. Congratulations. RT : Never thought I'd derive so much pleasure from watching somebody else eat and sleep.
sad sad day
True. :P
Hi Venetta! Hows the new job? Hope all is well. Miss ya! :-)
Hey Hey hey..how are you ....and hi to everyone else in
how cool is that? One of our event objectives was to reach a Hasselhoff level of awesomeness. Thrilled you're coming.
I'm going to Scottsdale. The Le cordon bleu college of culinary arts.
It was Obama, he did it! “: Guess somebody stole my sleep. I can't find it”
Healthy breakfast and two full glasses of water! How is your morning?
We love all things Mexican, too! :)
soy de San Antonio
Hi Todd-I'd like to add your blog to my RSS but can't find a a button for that on your site? Is that an option? Thx!
it makes for a more pleasant environment when irc channels disallow cursing.. but where else am i supposed to vent?
RT : #FF Great chatting this week!
I know , right? suspenseful, and you don't know what to expect
All this #KU gear and talk is making me nauseas!
ASKALEX, wanna follow your best friend's bed? ;)
I'm saying of my experience it was a choice for me...but its like I know its wrong but still I didn't wuna believe it
We've got a girl headed to Spain! Are there any craft beers she should be on the lookout for or should she stick to wine?!
Great job this morning , Hope to see on tv more often. :)
Either my wife just had a successful "pain management injection" her spine/neck or she's an Invader from Mars. Possibly both.
love u too boo
it is
I'm madly in anger with you....
Everytime you don't come to the El Cid in LA this wednesday, 8/10 for my CD release party, a lil' kitten cries. Fact. Info at johnbobek.com.
Joe Suarez of tells students about ua brand strategy. About performance and training personality.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.
It's 101 degrees in Vegas, & I'm packing for Syracuse where there is snow on the ground.
Nobody was saying that last year when Memphis swept them.
; I say instead of the "Football Finals" t-shirt, we wear the State Basketball champs shirt. It'll be better.
my email is ONEVSMANY -at- GMAIL -dot- COM
Seriously craving mac and cheese, out of nowhere. At least now I know what we're having for dinner.
At private colleges, tuition rose 4.4 percent; when will it stop ?
No one dies a virgin, Life screws us all.
and thank you!
Thanks for your RT We had a great lunch. I also want to say that you have a fabulous kid's menu.
Peanut Butter Jelly Sandwich <3
do you work with an organization in baltimore where young people lead/mentor other young people if so let me know?
I'm going to load Minutes 3 right now. Did you see the first 2?
Just finished holding the Open Call today for a feature horror film. Thanks to all who came for the auditions!
Money can buy a cross, but not forgiveness.,
Companies in the aerospace and defense industry are in the perfect position for a M&A boom,according to Deloitte report....
Just a few more days until I can dive back into fabric...I'm thinking of low-rider inspired swimsuits, summer dresses, and pin up jumpers
Thanks. I guess I'll have to wait a bit to check it out.
lmao girls is to funny hope have fun wit that page nisha : ))))
get shot?!? really gabby? :)
Cool #Samsung commercial. Liked the song incorporation best though
Your so vain, you probably think this tweet is about you.
Trying to tease out one cool feature of CSS3 for a work-related blog post. So many choices…
why n the hell do u say all i do is complain when you in someone elses house yellin,cussin,complainin bitch STFU dont fuckin do me HEFFA
- meetings would be more fun if the notes were interspersed with tweckling.
Reminder, your leads to the police are essential, but be sure it's not a wild rumor, and that it's based on accurate information. -Steve
Good night work in the am
Current weather in Orlando 73°F · (°C) Wind: 10 mph SSW Humidity: 88% High chance of Rain DONT FORGET YOUR UMBRELLA!
Excited to announce our latest new client Marvin Wealth Management -- we'll be building the firm's messaging, PR strategy and web site.
In my head with my heart
I think I only only count two Stefans that i'm close to. But I have like five close Damon friends O_o
She so special
Off to go teach some women parkour!
I love bad hygiene
I hate being gay.
i'll see it 1 min
RT : Read and eat well interesting food book revised edition now available
those eggs are commin ou pretty gud! Mine come out pretty crappy:):)
hope you enjoy your visit to Chicago! Wish I could hear you speak but will just have to wait for
a) Go to an estate sale: look up Patterson in Nashville. b) flea market is this weekend! Check it out at the fairgrounds.
Focus Group, Manhattan, Monday April 9th. Looking for cellphone owners, males & females: 18- 30. $85 for 1 ½ hours
Did you guys toil over whether or not to support unit stacks and heroes? I miss Master of Magic... bugs and all.
#ThingsStalkersDo sit outside your house, watching your door.....
“: S/o to for throwin a no hitter #ace”. Yeah, kid! Proud!
RT : Amazing but true fact: Mo Rivera came off DL 9 yrs ago today, he's never gone back on. Durability central to genius.
I'm with & my cousin Carlishaw where u at
I don't know how you people go so many days. #SXSW 2012, I'm out.
Id love that! I'm @ Flappers Comedy club on the 20th opening for RT lol I want to come see U perform! Where do U be at?
escorted to stage last year at the 3pm mark. #timeforanupdate?
#AGirlDeserves a dude who can trust
Comes in battle ship grey, no ribs (girls are smooth), EPIC accessories work on it.
Thank you for the RT (and the compliment)! :-)
...or to be heard
Everything is temporary.
Kim Jongin is flawless. And his dancing is attractive as fuck. Fuuuck. Seriously.
Fill in the blank: I ______________ on a sunny day in
at a bat mitzvah and they joked jb was there and everyine turned to luck except me...i eas hoping for
She ratchet.
Lower back: lower back pain when bowing face down
#FollowReader I spent last weekend in Baltimore with (doing a book club) and can't wait to hang @ Club Read!
The fish, now that was a night!! Is Adam on here? Is Adam even alive still?
Today 1970: Bud Selig-led ownership group acquires the Seattle Pilots franchise and moves it to Milwaukee in time for opening day on April 7
Believe it bro RT : I still can't believe how good Danny Green is.
Why are there interstates in Hawaii?
amen to that.
I hate the c word lmao i just think it sounds so disgusting when people say it...
Doing some first aid training. Fun stuff...
Slowly shoving the plunger down in the French press is oddly satisfying.
proton pack sporting ghostbuster here too. Several transformers, 1 Thor, 1 Cap America. None of spiderman!
The top desk is a prototype ($9 shelf from Menards). Thinking I can make it a small filing cabinet + inbox to move aside when sitting.
can't wait to hear the disc!!
With Cleveland out of the NBA playoffs, the media can (and will) now focus on trying to convince Lebron James to sign with the Knicks.
I thought it sounded familiar... couldn't place it.
Dear teenager, if u skip school u don't get to come & hang out @ the library, chilling on FB. I don't care where u go but u can't stay here.
HUGE SHOUTOUT TO !!!! I LOVE HIM HE IS AMAZING! PLEASE FOLLOW HIM!!!! I LOVE YOU BABE, YOU HAVE 1,000% SWAG!!!! YOUR MY LOVE
Oh another for #Peyton Manning #peytonpitch two words plus ball travel bettrt in thin air
Just driving then a flock of turkeys trots across the road. Can't beat being home.
I hope so it all starts tonight. I think stars step it up
My grandma is back in town now
ha. And why is that?
RT RT : Finally the snow came for the SENIORS!
Describe the limitations of youtube 5 years ago. Now tell us what it will look like in 2016?
2 more rooms to clean..and then some laundry.
No problem and thank you. I'll be applying myself.
eat dinner then pussy. Because that's how we roll.
Watch Dr. Lori Mosca tonight (Monday) on the NBC Nightly News, discussing inflammation's role & disease w/ Dr. Nancy Snyderman. Get CloSYS.
well yea cause you gotta look good, duh! :P
Amazon Marketplace buyer received the DVD on Friday and wants to return it on Monday. Really? Really? Do I look like a free Netflix?
The best no Comparrison,
looks delicious. tell Dea I said "happy birthday."
When is it appropriate to use "Tom Cruise" as a verb?
You should be treating your volunteers like prospective major donors -
You're welcome & SALUTE!!! :)
Honestly I have to say I've never seen hate to ANY of the boys girlfriends or "rumored" girlfriends …i guess i follow nice people !
SB 576 featured in Charters and Choice blog.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. Ralph Waldo Emerson
i didnt mean to ry- HERE IT IS! (:
excitement to sing That Boy is Mine with Monica was epic.
Beautiful clear sunny day in Seattle.
So full uhg
Glad Tip is out of jail but damn homie could you stay out of prison so i can hear some real music!!!! you're needed!!!
so happy for you Trenard!!!
:( uh why? Are you calling me a perv? Lollollol
NO. I'm still doinn it.
...only once you've seen it.
: Excellent job on the last night! Thanks for supporting #equality for all #people & speaking up about #bullying!
I've heard, that your dreams came true.
There you are! haha. After a while, it's hard to find my friends on my followers list. Hey, we have the same twitter names:)
Good start to #c4l10 in Asheville with brews and library geek conversation at Jack of the Wood with David B, Tod O, and Scott G.
let me know when you find out, I would like to do that too!
You ever get the sneaking suspicion that everybody wants to have sex with u?
Attendance (or retention) is a pretty low bar. Quality of the learning experience should be focus.
Kenan always ruin my fun tho ):
I am trying to contact you regarding your entry to Startup America. Please call Renee Williams/Amber Ross at Develop Indy 3178083232
Thanks so much for the love on iTunes.
Thanks for your tweet Hussein!
"We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." - Albert Einstein
IM BORED AND I DIDNT GO TEW SCHOOL BTW
First penalty of the game against Fabhino results in a power play with 5:19 remaining in the half
<U+2190> Joe Craft Center new facility! And More like wine and dine, plus a celebration!
Agreed, but disturbing.
drake was on 1 that night, so was everyone else
Thank you for the follow. I am now following U. Tweet me N E time. Tweeting Tweeters is AWESOME! God Bless U!
There's one person in the world who have helped me in my darkest hours thank you one day I can help with yours.
Also, when are you coming out here again, my friend?
Another great has left us too soon. RIP #MCA Adam Yauch You will be dearly missed.
Meech Dogg have a small amount of views on youtube HELP!!! us gain Meech more fans tell someone about Meech Dogg single JUICED UP...
It's always because of television. Way too late for us on the east coast (NYC), but in the UK kickoff must be 4am?
WRONG! The Backstreet Boys are the ULTIMATE boyband!
wait you guys go to SC LOL
thanks for following We tweet en espanol sometimes
Would rather play #WordsWithFriends than watch #golf. Does that make me a bad sports fan or just sane?
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. - Aristotle
I love that tweets his locations! I hope 1 day to bump into him in an airport or Outback. It'd be a dream come true!
GOD had a purpose before he ever had a person _Bishop Winans
This had to have been the best weekend of the year <3
i wish i would lose my appetite rather than have an infinite appetite when i stress out.
Hon I wish I could......FSW is not on the dish system here........darn
When making pozole with canned hominy, do I need to prep w/ slaked lime?
NC booking complete. Back to the grind!
Spurs look ready mane.. cmon clippers pull it together Cp3 only got 6pts
BS really don't assume me anymore u get so tired of hearing it I am like
FRIDAY 6-7 Don't miss Director #FredSayeg "The Encore of Tony Duran" "Indie Filmmaker" show Jasper Cole
Love should give one strength, not weakness.
Yes, she has not endorsed for another San Diego City Council race.
i guess.
TPS just helped a food safety training co. place an article in a food & drink pub on how often to train.
When I did come back though I took alot of sexist comments. Why? I don't know but people are just asses :)
Hahaha!!!! Its not you I am worried about, Ju!!! Lol
I'm blunt because I rolled myself this way.
Tired mission impossible
breaking news: mayor dave appears to have banged his knee on his desk, my thoughts are with him, but he seems to be taking it in stride
Forget about anything important going on in life, cuz it's time to start getting ready for Jets v Pats Round 2
Who could I talk to about catering?
Sumbody text my phone...Im bored as shit....
yep the guy who almost cut my hair it is his 2nd time coming after me w/ sissors 4 my har
Heading to Allentown, PA to speak at the NIKE Coach Of The Year Clinic tomorrow morning. Always great to talk football w fellow coaches.
follow me....i have tried SO hard to get you to notice me....plz!!!!
oh no hajahah I need to hear this voicemail
sounds about right. I'm Sam and Mike Richards is my bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
You dont hafta have a gift for anything that you wanna do in life.If you focus an put yur mind to it you'll have it down b4 you even know it
That's pretty badass.
I'm up making a big breakfast! About to eat and go night night. This shooting schedule is killing me!!!!! Have a good day folks!
So can anyone explain to me the Kool & the Gang/Van Halen connection? It's an odd pairing
Yay! We're on the air for the first time right now! The Janita Poe Show, 1-855-POE-SHOW, 1-855-763-7469.
it is when u get an email saying that they got ur order and give u a series of numbers if a problem goes wrong with shippin
Why Wash. Heights is great: saw flyby of Space Shuttle piggybacked on 747 with military escort right past my window going to Intrepid
Have a GREAT day and remember: "Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict." ~ William…
RT #iqnite holistic sw escrow as use case for
Why is he holed up in an apartment. That's where I'm confused. Drugs? Gangs? A real bad case of the Mondays?
She is an entire world ... rich with insights, dreams, hopes, concerns, talents, visions, smiles, & laughter ... awaiting.
i was weak
-hits you-
I am very impressed!!!!
His nose is weird! I love Damon b/c he has that whole sexy bad boy thing but deep down he's a softie <3
At atomic with chicken fistin!
YAY for band practice.
Ohh shnapps. Just seen Napoleon Dynamite look alike haha
Spring Awakening ended a year ago today...and tomorrow I get to revisit it for the first time since tour. Couldn't be happier.
GREAT NEWS!! RT Don’t travel far for food. Visit FoodTruck! 1-3p Courtyard Marriott / 4-8p Google Lot
BREAKING NEWS I won a music contest and won a 10 song music album deal!!!!!
for bloggers reaching more people = more feedback or ad revenue. for people running networking groups- get more ppl involved?
My window is open and someone is smoking a blunt near.
that's how even small towns do it. Why can't a large city figure it out?
Hey, I have no regrets. Were the 999 lines! Were #omla!
I am beyond excited bout the new Zoom Waterproof Mascara at Mac Cosmetics!
She is so pretty
if anyone could do it, it would be you!
Person: Have the ICONic Boyz ever done anything to piss you off? Me: They wear clothes. -.- <3
I get to paint again today!!! Probably popping out some more FAST, Hard-Edged city-scapes... I LOVED painting the last ones!
Idk what else to do *shrugs*
Booted and suited this AM for - Tune into at 7:40
MPD-1D listserv says 12th/D NE robbery was "theft of a basketball involving juveniles" cc:
I'm going to do some MAL then we'll make that happen
good point
yes I'm new to the Twitter world! :D still getting acclimated..
“Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without” (Confucious)
why can't you?
I remember following Kayla back in 2010 when she was a Bieber account, lol.
I am writing a short story. Do you think it is possible to design a robotic nano factory that could build anything?
great time at the 2011 10k Rum Run benefiting Children's Cancer Association this weekend!
Thanks to however pulled the fire alarm during this thunderstorm.
Thanks, Dave!
Enjoying my day!
dont feel bad my husband lost me to a video game lmao :)
The sky is blue here, but I'm hearing rain. It's going to have to be a quick run.
finally the weather got better!!
Are you planning a ladies night this FRI/SAT or anytime soon? RT/Direct Message and we'll comp you a bottle of champagne :)
GUYS MY HAIR IS SO SOFT!
It's sad to think that you still hold me to who I was 2 years ago learn to let go. I've grown & maybe you should realize that!
Headed to CBS to finalize everything
Shout out to all my sexy ladies following ...
A few minutes before first pitch here at John Adams Middle School ... JM vs Century baseball updates coming up.
Deuteronomy 24:17 "Do not deprive the alien or the fatherless of justice, or take the cloak of the widow as a pledge."
Remember Tiger, the more you run from the truth, the more the media will chase you. If you made a mistake admit it. If not, this drags on
Thank you for your follows! Check us out on Facebook @ Wild West Veterinary Conference! TGIF
About time we solidified that D.
Haha annie called the popo on your asses!xD
You cute doe, You cute. c:
k, time to trim the rosebushes. this is the most winter we're going to get, and they're already sprouting new growth.
I'm the same way. In my spot too
I miss blogging and writing. I will soon get back to it, I made that promise to myself.
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
#poker quote of the night: Once you start thinking you have nothing left to learn, you have everything to learn. -- Steve Badget
Thanks 4 this
why do I get the feeling Cookie Monster rode the short bus to school with Animal...
Why didn't Hawes dunk that
I think it's rude when people choose karaoke songs that have an 8 minute guitar or drum solo in them. I get pissed just thinking about it.
You should always go with The wrath of God has nothing on the wrath of Dav.
"We often hide our true desire and call it maturity." -John Eldredge. Whoa. That is powerful, right there.
Are you excited to get your braces off Austin?!?! (:
I'm not even sure relationships exist anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
10% of snorers have sleep apnea; stop breathing up to 300 times a night; significantly increases the risk of suffering a heart attack
Happy Birthday! :)
Way to run a play Wisconsin.
fallin asleep on the phne with my love so gnite
Some people spend almost all of their money on drugs, alcohol, & cigarettes. They are addicted to all of that,& they are often troublesome.
Besides being broke, #unemployment is
Wish Carolina had taken a DT or CB but love making sure o line stays solid.
Greetings everyone.. I hope we all treat our guests from Illinois with respect this weekend
Cutting out 400 deer heads today. What was I thinking when I designed this card?
Brewing, Bottling, and watching the #Pens. It's a good day.
The weather is beautiful, it's my Friday and I just found out there will be food and a bar at this afternoon's event. Good work everyone.
Some guy waved his hands in the air like he just didn't care. So, I kicked him in the balls because I hate assholes.
Hi everyone and good morning :) I need lots of coffee. Hope you all have a good day xo
Modeling at Sony Online Entertainment (Playstation) today!
Thank you again for your advices and for following us back. Keep in touch.
I still feel all kind of out of wack.
It's good, you know, when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind
lol they are way over 140 characters
i want a tattoo so bad
I really live staring at your avi So adorable <3
i'm from Houston
I won't be caught testifying against a killer... If they want my word I need that Arab Money before and after and Five gas stations lol
Rock-climbing sounds like loads of fun!!
It isn't even fathomable how annoying you are.
Not only does CLT have the "fanciest" bathrooms around, but they also have a Pinkberry in Terminal D. Both reminded me of you. :)
I told them "this is one of the many reasons I didn't vote for the merge" I could tell she agreed with me. My bill is $450!
Up and grinding time to make the doughnutts......Fuego out
Pacers and Thunder going to be in the final
Who goes from Em & RiRi to the Piano Man on their iPod? This guy!
now I can't sleep bc of this headache...
Just had the brilliant idea of using jelly to flavor my oatmeal. I AM UNSTOPPABLE!
Love some during school <3
"#Mom I think NATO was started in fear. And when people are scared, things go downhill" says a 9yo HamSter.
Got a big job interview coming up? Need better interview skills? Come to SMGW's Employment Workshop today at 11 am at our NW Office!
i found it!!!
I miss the beaches there, the sunsets are magnificent!!!
I heard What Makes You Beautiful in Body Central yesterday!! People were looking at me because I was singing along lol
It's like 90degrees out here n this dude wearing to thick Ass black jackets pants!
Hey and Is it as one sided there as espns announcing?
So much to do... Can't even think about it... Just GO!
Tonight on #CraftInAmerica, woven textiles and story quilts by artists are explored. Featureing Wis. artist Terese Agnew. At 8PM on MPTV 10.
Hi ho, hi ho! Off to class I go!
Are your learners rewarded when they complete a course? (Next. Next. Done. Yay!) or are rewards based upon understanding?
Great my car battery died and I'm just now getting home from work it took almost an hour and a half to jump start it...
Well put the work in, then!
RIP Don Cornelius <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
What up tho
Went to Starbucks and wanted to order then they said sorry we have no more ice . My heart literaally dropped ! ;(
They Pick up your PC Up, charges $29 per hour, (1st hr free), Can they just lie to you and say it's taking a while? Dont Trust Hourly Rates
Tell me the "Mr. Rager" music video from KID CUDI wasn't inspired by the main fight sequence in the Korean revenge flick OLD BOY.
The fact that no one needs me in their life makes me feel like crap.
You did a wonderful job representing all those how participate in #missamerica. Great things are in store for you!
It’s a good day.... to eat more chickin.
Heading to
aren't they?
Queen never get upset. When they are sad, they're just someone to be executed.
there was a song that was played on XMU that was decent. i guess it's just not my thing.
Just got back from intv w/ travel agent, great deals for memorial day wknd/ early summer/ need intv for 10/any takers?
oh yeah! two hour delay!
thx for giving props to in trophy picks. Amid all the injury stories for Pens his return to dominance gets lost.
When a size 0 model is called 'curvy' you know the fashion monster has gone too far.
attending the webinar on Measuring Social Media Success. Lots of good stuff.
I have many new amigos... gracias! gracias! I feel loved.
What do I watch, Signs or Red Dragon?
Wait! Are we still talking about the Queen Latifah/Dolly Parton movie?
All you teabaggers were right about the "liberal media". NPR just referred to Guns n' Roses as a "hair metal" band.
pretty sure those were IBUPROFEN I just took. Not sure though
this is so hilarious...I mean honestly what whack job is managing this debauchery?
Whos excited for this "surprise" Vinny is preparing for us?:D sounds big!! definitely watching his ustream tonight!!~RebeccaFusco
happy father's day, dad!
Thank you for the retweet !
As much as i want it to happen but it probably won't I'd love to see Kobe vs Lebron! But with our shot defense we would get smacked
Spring has sprung and Summer is on the way. Book your tour with Go Trek USA today!
ready for tweet train round 2 glad to have you tweeting today
I think tthey charge weekly like between $200-400 dollars or every two weeks that amount
#askacomposer looks like a great idea! Unfortunately my Friday is jam packed... next time hopefully!
lmfao ahahahahah “ No! No! Fuck no! Im NOT letting this big headed bitch suck me into another twitter war. #janf #bfk #XLhats”
I weird Feeling##
I can always tell where we're at in re-runs of 'That 70s Show', chronologically speaking, by how 'roided up Fez looks.
Mastodon is covering The Flaming Lips and Feist for Record Store Day.
school:/ I just want to leave! get out of the drama loop and celebrate the holidays:) #Santa:)
Actually I am not selling it. It's too good!
If you knew better you'd do better
Winners Circle! Award winning, thats rite! Im ready
Wonder if my dad will see my tattoo today. Hehe
Just killed 7 billion people on pandemic 2.5
I miss you more and more lately.
#ThingsIDislike a fake person that tries to show out thinking their being real, but their just another hater walking the streets.
yep/ that is the stuff right there! Too much to think about on sat morning!
Damn Helton! that was close
HELLO ANDREW TY 4 THE FOLLOW.. WE RETURNED WITH FOLLOWING YOU...
I really cant forgive the douchebag hat.
thank you for your donation and support of local and small businesses!! We appreciate it
Made a couple pair and faded a flush draw. Up to 31k
Gooodluckkk tonight guys!
Thats great, man! I've been meaning to stop by! #Jazz #Band still meet every morning? What time? TK
Who else is a musician in Los Angeles?
hahahah oh you mean ?!
Thanks for the shoutout
Would love to have you on today
hell yeah I am.
Singing extra loud
More manly? Duran Duran's "Notorious" or sleeping on a pillow with beads sewn onto it?
Summer application deadline approaching on March 10th!
get outta here! Hahaha
#angelsandgentlemen drops east coast tonight at midnight. Going to be amazing.
psssstt Hi :D
lol lucky. I doubt it my mom is a weenie.
aw <3 thank you ,so r u <3
5 days! RT It's almost time for ! Who's going?
editing some really nice video... my mouth is watering for Jean Baillette-Prudhomme! ;)
I was but only when I wasn't me
Americal Idol lifer right here.
Largest fundraiser for transgender rights ever. Freedom isn't free!
I Cried When "hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies." -- Andy, The Shawshank Redemption (1994)
Kay thank :D
When you see what's happened around the whole Tebow thing I come to one conclusion - people have way too much time on their hands
you never do following sprees...
The New York Rangers play the New Jersey Devils tonight!! You should totally watch it!! :))
Oops! Benefit will be the 25th! More details to follow!!
It was on last night but will prob rerun
If you're don't receive our newsletter, let us know. You don't want to miss out on our specials and other exclusive announcements.
why did t you put my twitter name in the video?
Game face time is approaching. Tonight, we celebrate our new CD at Skully's, doors at 9.
sleepless nights
After all the hoopla, didn't get a choice to get groped. The tsa told me to stand still, raise my arms, and the next thing i knew...zap!
i dont think you even know what he was sayin
FINALLY! This sub I gunna be gone
Really enjoyed last night. My favorite was Adam Meister Next one is scheduled for March 4th, 2010.
Mississippi. Betta recognize!
Nemiss is addicted to drop off laundry service, All my clothes are folded like they're on display at the GAP!!!!
Much better
And we cannot wait!!!“: Hey I'll be at to see and ”
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyTVShows How I met your mother
Making a brochure for and giving my resume a facelift
"Much Has Been Said Now Much Must Be Done" - Peter Gourfain, silkscreen, 3-11-1980 -
CALL IT 'SPONGEBOB' Lol! That's random!
...and on the fourth day, they got their pickup and all the gear stuck in the mud at the bottom of the ravine with the 25%+ incline...
15 minutes out from the first pitch between host Milton (8-1, 3-0) and Monroe (5-3, 3-0) in a Southern Badger Conference softball game.
Live it up bro!RT : I hate it when adults act childish.
word. as you pointed out I do believe there will be a whole lotta schoolin' each other going on...lol!
Alright in honor of the last day of Black History Month......
I really enjoy working w/ ! She is so creative and fun!
a 17 year old should not be this stressed !
great, thanks Jen! We will keep you posted and hope to be open soon. Have a great night!
fak! Lolol dang oh emm gee! >_< ... It's a permanent blind spot =P
and now there's tyler. and frank.
Fair Play, a short film by J Lane, November 19 at the B Spot DC..7 pm
Today is going to be a good Monday!
If you have incurred an injury in exercise, you have made the journey more difficult.
Can some at Missions game explain why u can't spell Texas without HEB? Most ridiculous commercial.
If I could sleep forever, that would be cool.
Spring report: My Japanese lilac tree is leafed out, earliest ever. Could an ice or snow storm be far behind?
You got to be kidding me. Bubba Watson...you da man! What a shot. One for the ages.
Is about to hit the Studio everyday grinding baby holla at twitter later o yea and Celtics vs Lakers on now CHECK ME OUT PPLS
The party people are at Esco tonight. Come out and let loose. No cover, just shots! 2905 Travis. 77006.
Men's fashion debate: A Bostonian told my BF his cuffed pants were "ugly." What say you? Tacky or classy?
why do u want to?
Family Guy>
ugh I'm getting sick!! I really feel like crap right now :( going to bed early....goodnight!
LOVE it. SO soulcycle :)
Thanks for setting us up with some great golf this weekend!
Boy Im Faded..
If rock legend Bruce Dickinson wants more cowbell, then we should give him more cowbell!
are you gonna be at grad tomorrow??
Yeah whoever said #Battleship was the leftovers of Transformers is correct, by same guy n everything
HWD Mark Weston done taking heat from La Mesa city council, members of the LMCC audience would love 2 add their 2 cents (more like $2)
watching house hunters while emailing. must go to croatia immediately!
my sister's is better. And Elizabeth's.
i am looking forward to go to the NEXT startup weekend!
lol yes! and then were walking around Delaware x5
We all are gearing up! Lets see how long it takes for a complete ticket sell-out!
and I are dots:)
The Culture Frequency & A-Dapt Entertainment are bringin' KRADDY to The Victor Hotel ((18+ : 2 Rooms of Music)) on September 23!
good to hear bro. I wish I could say the same, A.Miles & V.Jackson took turns putting me over the barrel last nte!
An old Korean man just gave me a tip o' the hat on Wilshire. Made my day.
"Make it thy business to know thyself, which is the most difficult lesson in the world." - Miguel de Cervantes
4:45 am... I should go sleep now lol RT What time do you have to wake up tomorrow for work? xoxo
Yeah I watch "Trauma". Sue me.
On my way to the Wellspring Network to eat some delicious raw food and listen to Jon Sullivan's talk about massage for all ages!
#MusLearning But I think I learn best when info isn't necessarily unique, but is instead touched upon in visits to multiple museums.
You know who I miss thats who!!
the Cowboy Beebop soundtrack makes *everything* more interesting :-)
Cutters, Teter take top spot in 1st practice race
weekend is almost here
Like a good neighbor state farm is there.....with a whole buffet just 4 me. Lolz!
We have vegan "beef" nachos and quesadillas!!!
Checking your phone every minute to see if they bothered replying <<<<<
"The Color Purple"
She pop X I smoke O's tic tac toe.
ooh toms! Id never buy em, everyone says they fall apart! Sweatshop labor ftw! My nikes are bombproof! :p
Good Lord, Twitter, what makes you think I'm going to follow either the AARP or Mitt Romney?
Ugh I came home and knocked out for two hours! Dang lol
A pool noodle! I play swordfight with my daughter with pool noodles! I RULE AT POOL NOODLES
Well....looks like the Wifey and I are going to register for the NYC ING Marathon!!!! Yikes!!
Send me your LoVe
I'll never find love until I accept that Hawkeye from M*A*S*H* isn't a real person, and would only break my heart in the end anyway.
my top 3 docs: The Secret, Fuel, and Food Inc. if u havnt seen them yet, check em out! In that order :)
I could EASILY use your personal experience 2 help me w/ what i am going through- and it would be deep! But rewarding! xoxo
congrats selena your gonna be an awsome big sister tell your mom i said congrats
#SYRIA #SHOUTOUT HOLOCAUST
I looked cute in a hat for the first time ever yesterday. Big curly fro was adorbs in a snapback. Now I want one. And a sparkly pinky ring.
Red Sox lose. It's 1978 again.
Now that pizza patrol is done I'll track 10 school referendums in southern Wis. including $5 million in Orfordville and $70 mil in Beloit
Today's playlist? 90s R&B. Wishing everyone a happy #laborday weekend from all of us here at the VAC. T-7 days until the opening!
I hope you bring it NYC in June for Summit :D If you're around, come through, it's looking to be a sick event.
na my dude holden richards formula ink ft lauderdale
HECK YES THEY SHOULD. I would be all over that tour.
and watch a movie with u
Best of luck Evanna. I hope all is well with you!! Please keep your fans posted Your #1 fan Xoxo ~Cathy
Dave Bush is on pace for less than three innings after a horrible 1st inning & 40 pitches!
you should go on the Jenna Jamison diet. Which is: Pussy Only
how do I put this penny in Sandy? “: "Asking for help is not a weakness." - Fred Meijer”
parrish is fuckin knocked out.
": America's Got Issues."//Issues? Dude, we've got a subscription.
"I must...live a good and faithful life...so that those who come after me do not have to start all over again." Etty Hillesum
Battleship is a must see.
rip dj mehdi
My cat rap. His name? Wiska Lifa.
.... :) .. a begrudging yes is almost like a no … thanks
Going through the Phoenix Coyotes tag on tumblr. omfgosh. some of these people....
Sykesvilke is weird because it's in Howard, Frederick and Carroll counties...
Everything happens for a reason
Existential Crisis in full bloom. Bloody hell.
I take traktor everywhere but he likes car rides, it all depends on the animal
can i get a follow please? I love ur show John
oh, you know it! =) haha
its wild to read the EXACT same concerns we've expressed for last couple yrs. don't know why not more hue and cry from players.
Starting the new year with books about simplifying life. has some great titles on the subject including Made from Scratch.
dbug4 Good call. Blue Moon is also a great summer beer. Nice and citrusy, but orangey instead of lemon.
Anybody wanna buy a g-shock watch for 30 bucks
Let's Make Things Happen
USPTO Dir Kappos: filing records being broken at PTO, WIPO; future for innovation very very bright.
crazy headdown time all week as well!
RT : Houston, Texas Weather :: 66F LIGHT RAIN: 66F LIGHT RAIN
just dm'd you in response to this question!
tomorrow bring plated and cups
Follow the pizza of your heart.
ducks offense looks flat, but cant blame the month off, Ohio state had 6 weeks off
Just that titles aren't always embraced when forced on those with ability. Not that I claim to have ability. I am terrible.
I just wrote a poem. I've never done that done that before. It kinda felt like confessional.
Disrespctful as shit . Like some girls needa stand up for themselves smfh , dudes be full of shit , I wish i was her,slapped his ass .r.s.
Don't give up on what God has called you to do. The end result is worth the pain ~
What's up Twitter! TONIGHT, we're going to be featuring FunkOTron, Yell Hounds, Emma Diaz & Jeremiah!! Don't miss it!!
When your lips touch mine, it's the kiss of LIFE!
Count your blessings to forget your problems.
cos my dad will think i was texting and playing on the computer all day
Thank you! RT : Bad Sean's #MBA Pick of the Day: Robins School University of Richmond. The strength of Richmond is its student
I asked; as I expected he knew of no books on mule trains either, although he was aware of their use in WWI and possibly WWII.
These stupid guys in my algebra class telling me that the aren't in 3rd any more am so sure I know my basketball guys!(:
Ready for my music juries tomorrow.
Come on Skype. I have some incredible news to share.
requestin U SMILE on radio station it funny cuz me n my friend are using wierd ass acents...
The Cleveland High school Band is Amazing don't you agree? This is going to be a really great event!
Yep. So right
cab. and youre fancy for adding the dots on top of the u
So you are at#SXSW ? in Austin ???We should meet for coffee or a cool film!!
The dom.com interactive outage viewer is the suckiest game I have ever played. Puteh!
There is a piece of metal made of nickel and titanium in my chest right now.
“: #WorstRapLineEver names mac miller. -mac miller. fyi i hate mac miller. #thumbsdown” Mac miller sucks.
Andrew only likes me cause I can help him get girls.
I see myself as a crayon. I may not be your favorite color, But someday you'll need me.
discussing #FiftyShades - ha come on guys you coulda done better than that!
I definitely read that as 'my 75th favorite country' and thought 'Wow, he's done a lot of work on that ranking list.'
"As much as I wanna be found, please don't find me..." #CivilTwilight....kinda fits my mood right now....
Boutta Show Mf's What To Do Wit One Of Beats. 'Cold' Coming Soon!!
Thanks to for being follower #100... and to all of our other friends that helped us get there!
Lost Dog Rocky - $150 Reward Rocky the Miniature Schnauzer is lost in Cheyenne, WY.
Bail set at $350K each, for owners of pit bulls who attacked and mauled Paradise Hills woman.
I KNOW I SAW THAT I WAS LIKE THATS EXCELLENT
lord u guys are gonna blow up my twitter...... but at least it will be directioners blowing up my timeline
Tune into 99.5 Wolf this morn at 8 Taylor Swift tics auction to benefit !
I guess I should get my tic for the crab feast soon
“: A student just smiled and waved at me as I walked by her class. Made me feel so good! Acknowledgment works!!
Dropping some family off at the airport VERY early!! And then I'm racing home to see the video on CMT!!
whick makes me the happiest person :D When Austin smiles, mahomies smile <3
Climbing Sunrise Mountain on Saturday. 5 hours to get up and 6 hours to get down. Anyone wanna join?
EW vet made good! Big buzz about her upcoming new one...
"Self-determination is fine but needs to be tempered with self-control."
Aweber and MailChimp both have pros and cons. Depends on what you want to do with your lists.
do you blow?
this drizzling snow while the sun is out makes me wonder ... if the apocalypse isn't happening this year, WHAT IS GOING ON
What's the best piece of advice Mom ever gave you? Tweet us your answer for a Mother's Day story!
Cool I get the go-ahead. RT : My suit is so baggy after losing all this weight recently. No comments
It is believed that Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
need to get it from B...you might have to wait a WEEK! This is where you practice your patience.
If you only do what is comfortable...what comes easy...you will only have what anyone could get...push yourself..
don't you just love when there's ten 40 year old men in ur house screaming over a stupid bulls game? funn. haha
is my fav show currently on TV! Glad you love it too. I need to watch FNL on Netflix.
why send a tease pic when you can send a full n00d. go hard or go home.
What is the temperature? We only have hot and hot here in Texas. Occasionally, we get a brief period of cool but cold is a rarity.
Djokovic awesome match vs Nadal in the Australian Open yesterday, longest in Australian open history.
Glad to have this day off. Hoping to do something productive and life changing. Or maybe I'll just go fishing again.
I am not sure what you mean.
Hoping the #SunStandStill msg speaks to u RT On pg 10 of 224 of Sun Stand Still, by Steven Furtick: "This book is not a Snuggie."
Junior status
they would be hating us so much, bahaahah. That would be awesome :D
Has everyone been reminded a zillion times to spring forward your clocks tonight? If not...Spring forward your clock tonight 1 hour.
but that defeats the purpose of it being free
Drew with a SOME audience member
My regrets! I have to decline. This 40 of Sleepytime tea is kicking in.
grilled salmon, rice, pita, hummus, huge green salad, grilled veg delivered to my door. i'm so spoiled.
Top tweets: #PENMembers , , , , , wow in 140 characters...
Working on a plan to catch up with The Bigger Lights.
totally insipred by awesome #WEAmericas women entrepreneurs, great discussion around social media for business
it's ok. You shouldn't be sorry. :)
Had an argument with your mom..and you overhear her on the phone telling people her version of it.
Brad Tinsley
After 4 hours participants tend to devolve to their prelinguistic roots, communicating w/ grunts & crude gestures. I read that.
there go yo mention you happy Lol
No deserves to be with a bipolar person like me...
RT : Tough times call for tough rhymes
True or False: Frozen foods can safely be defrosted at room temperature.
#CountryBreakfast LIGHTING IT UP
UK SoftballKentucky earns NCAA Tournament bid for fourth straight year. Play Michigan in Louisville on Friday at 4:30.
headed to sunset .
Check out the Bricktown Chevy Showcase on CBS tonight at 7:30! We will be featured with many other OKC musicians.. Set your DVR!
Hi ladies....loving Pinterest.
So far so good. #Zags lead 34-31 at half.
I just play Teemo and cut off people who run from better players than I. Works out well!
Thanks! I'm sure I'll have a few questions soon.
Red wine and SNL
Home - FREE EXPReSSION via @
I wanted to run some errands but babygirl has a temp & some congestion...Nurse mommy reporting for duty.
I suck at this game.. I don't even know what to do lmao
Share them, definitely! We have pretty much all of our lyrics finished for now, but we're always looking to be inspired.
Sucks right? RJ used to be a bad man, now he's just a slow 40 year old with a glass jaw.
Alright I hit my record.. 5 texts. And I still wouldn't get off twitter...
: is a great event. Not only will we be raising money & awareness we'll have some fun!
what's your username??
Did the Prez just say he's going to force banks to let anyone refinance their mortgage? He better bring a gun.
Wishing all our tweeps a safe and happy 4th of July! Enjoying our time with friends & fam today.
Aww! I miss you so much!!! I can't wait to be in your arms again! I love you more! :]
EMBALMING soon....
that mane gettn cool for robing burger king
checking my May calender to see how its gunna work out for me!
Thanks for the follow and !!
sure is! Lol! Day full of awful things!
nigga you didn't tell me if you liked that danny brown song or not.
RT : Starting a great SWISTER weekend at the Great Dane!
Very true! I will hit the gym later!
oh lol. Well that's probably why he didnt want to ask u out. Maybe since ur older & was afraid you'd say no
bad influence!? MMEE!? ugh i have no idea what your talking about xD alrighty then <3
I really need to remeber that decisions I make effect everyone I love..
hay Ron what's up? Just to say that I'm a big fan.I like what you did to mike on jersey shore. You rock bro:)
Pinball, darts, booze and DJ playing all your favorites tonight. See you soon!
Correct. Link is fixed.
#20thingsAboutMe Im very nice && love to help ppl!
<--- Those guys are awesome, and you people should listen good music like their music :3
That's why I was careful! :) Figured there might be others who hadn't gotten to it yet! Looking forward to hearing your thoughts.
Icing is the duct tape in the baker's tool box.
"Q is the Kenyan of drinking"-Dinneen
you too!!! XO
scanner monitor: 6th Ave. and Gun Club Road rollover.
#GoCards final four baby yea!!! UK y'all don't want none!!!
Good Lookin My Dude
"Most companies are anti-union, that's not important right now. What made Amazon unique was the way in which it was."
Thanks for checking in! When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was. And follow us for perks and info!
you'd like that. P.L.U.R.<3
wow and its not even 9 pm
js taxi dispatch 20 percent of all rides in sacramento 501-8171
#madmenchat not sure i can multi-task while watching the show. tweet, chat, watch oh my!
*Camera nerd alert* I bought a used Tamron 28-70 f2.8 and it's really nice! I love fast glass!
“: the LORD sustains me. I will not be afraid of ten thousand bar questions Who have set themselves against me round about.”
The Gold's Gym is officially open! Get a head start on your resolution and join today!
Does it really really REALLY need to be this cold in the office?
*Takei voice* Hello.
LOL“ cool story bro. do you wanna hear mine? its a fairytale... "once upon a time, nobody gave a fuck. the end”
oh okay im slidin in a lambo bitch im a animal lion on my chest like jaranimal kush up in a swisher feds takin pictures i just slide
"Oh, Joe? We used to talk to him until we realized he's never watched RuPaul's Drag Race so we banished him to an eternity in the RuLags"
There is a intimate connection between the Holy Ghost and partaking of the sacrament. (Book of Mormon Crash Course)
Indeed! MT : also opening is our Curatorial Practices class exhibitions "Like.Comment.Share" and "In The Studio"
I'm pretty sure the old guy in front of me at that bank drive thru is applying for a home loan
RT : Rounding about mile 65 now. I want a cheese burger! And endurox!!!! That was brutal!!
WE BE IN ATL FRIDAY. COME TO THE VIDEO SHOOT!
team roommate
Out and about.
gahahaha I laughed so much when I read this I don't know why
I just want to lay in my bed I'm tired of doing work :-)
Thanks and ! Great information and loved hearing two perspectives on active listening.
we can watch together when you come home!
One big room full of real niggas and some bad bitches, and some chill niggas.
Eraselets to spread our message of Ending Homelessness!
What is the funniest thing one of your kids said this week?
Oh come on...they're inducting Lou into the Cotton Bowl Hall of Fame at NOON on a THURSDAY? Work with me people!
In the UK, recent survey results suggested that 50% of population have troubled eating
Good round today get the confidence up for the #Masters, where you WILL DOMINATE
What does This American Life's "In Dog We Trust" podcast have to do with EsJay? You'll find find out soon, in the meantime, enjoy!...
I was thinking the movies or dinner. Anything really!
i looked to follow you but never saw you back there.
Never injure a friend, even in jest.
Another day of record-breaking heat?? Warm & partly cloudy with a slight chance for a few showers for your Thursday.
I know that inner wisdom is more precious then wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain. -Oprah" says the out if touch billionaire
Miracles happen.
The Second Neurotic's Notebook, 1966He that wants money, means, and content is without three good friends
Thanks for sharing this. Very useful and informative!
Hoping my all my new Orleans fam is safe at Mardi Gras
The only way you get it back is by inviting me over. Its been like a month.
company thousands of dollars. Today she found so many errors and forgotten work the evil girl left. It was a mess. Smh
tough with kiddo
eBay is a great place for serial killers to get rid of their murder weapons
wow thats a deep one. Love it.
Twitter, I keep forgetting about you.
No one in the Brady/Rodgers/Brees category, but the Mannings, Stafford, Tebow ain't bad
#RomneyPickUpLines. Don't worry, baby, I can get my poll numbers up.
Anyone else think Volquez looks like the Predator?
Good Night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> Today was a fun day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
it my bday today mad happy im 19 have a good safe day twitter
Name this picture book: superhero doll who has like a sponge sidekick and is forced to wear a green wool sweater that unravels.
National Record Day tomorrow! All vinyl will be 25% off all day (9 to 5). (Store credit may not be used on vinyl purchases.)
Lucked out and got a sweet used car that works!
40 bucks direct to Hank I in merch for blowin my mind. Fuckin' A.
That awkward moment when a random dad catches you making funny faces at his baby
checking out twinbox
we like hearing that!
Yet another perfect night in
Edan ends show with a theremin solo of 'auld lang syne' and rap tribute to rock records.
What movie?
We go to th doctor and we don’t need to worry about paying him, but here, your whole life y’re broke because of medical bills.
and as i drive to the hospital i now understand and appreciate sports being on 98.7
We most definitely do! We are Your #1 Source for Black #Art, Gifts and Collectibles. Hope you take the time to check us...
Why be beholden to just one insurance company with 50 to choose from? For best rates, best coverage, don't sign anything till you call 4M.
Thanks so much! We will make sure to keep you updated!
lol who r u talking to?
Mortified that I've been singing the WRONG lyrics to my favorite Thompson Twins song all these years
"Notting Hill" just starting on WE will make it a little better.
hmm, could you mix some cream of coconut (coconut purée) into w/ the rice ? Might be too sweet. Coconut water has no flavor.
you're in for a treat ;)
IL was ranked 3rd worst state to do business in because taxes are .17 above the national average. We are one cheap ass country.
Is this my girl Asha who wore my Little Black Dress for Karen Kane?
Lost my uncle to lung cancer. It's so frustrating because there's nothing you can reach out and grab to help a loved one in their fight.
Something I read mentioned BYOS (bring your own server) as a possible trend. You gotta be kidding. Those poor SysAdmins.
I like all the colored little buttons.
because when they're dry we leave for school :P
Good Monday Morning!
What is the expression about fighting like cats and dogs about? Mine get along just fine. They seem to be great friends.
woohoo - that sounds great!
I'm sorry we will direct message you right away!
#Imagine if was reading this right now<33
Ive Always Wanted To Know This what city are you most excited to go to for the tour ? :D
that would be awesome! i will send you information and fun things over the next few weeks. xo
Son is laying in his bed composing music on his harmonica. It's driving his sister crazy, but I think it sounds like heaven.
Car service in Philadelphia is so NOT reliable!
We watched the #bayMGS1 #MayDay protesters march past about 30 mins ago. Feels okay to leave bldg now.
I'm deadline driven and I just don't have a hard deadline for the book project, so it keeps getting bumped for other things!
9:45 and the a/c just kicked on. Woo-hoo, now it's summer!
where do you work?? We'll be at Polaris/Easton.
Edu-tech expo to begin!!!
I think freeways are an easy case (for separation) and broadband is a hard case.
I was like "....WAIT" hahahahahaha RT : took you long enough to realize it haha
That's a funny looking dog
welcome, friend.
About time, Easter and the Masters is on TV! What a weekend
u are
was meeting up with peeps at Make Westing. We need to get together soon!
thank you senator- it's an honor.and maybe we can break this losing streak to top of the night
"...by some miracle casey hayward falls". Seems a little eerie now. Great interview with Paul. Go Pack.
two things that make my heart smile... 1. Birds taking a bath and 2. Rhinos in a mud wallow.
it's addicting I know!! I have the whole series.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I know FOMO I have FOMO
well my pants just ripped....
Random donut on my steps...is this a trap?
and me sweetness!!! ;)
#HappyMothersDay going out to all the moms out there hope they have a wonderful day today! :)
Somebody's gotta do it! I could go for a Maker's & Coke about now.
I'm so jelliez!!!
I think your looking at it flipped. Start with baseline 40, then use reports, tape, gamespeed, etc to tweak speed from there.
At right now in between acts. Can't wait!
I think we just became the 2000th to follow . Whoo-hoo!
Kevin is a smart man.
Hello, Mr. Tolle. I love your work. Peace and God bless.
tankss(: cuz I asked Jess but she didn't answer.
Thanks for the RT Dan! Thought you might like that one!
Man I hate spam msg
Things I'll miss abroad: NPR and Things I won't miss: vehicles and all their problems.
100% no way he isn't on peyote after reading those hugs store and black crow ones.
what do you mean
this is a preyy normal question but whats your fav color?
An instructional video on how to make your own sausages
"I don't watch hockey" please keep your opinion to yourself then.
I'm sure you'll follow me one day, #KeepDreamin'
Happy Mothers Day :) <21
Yes. I think you should give me one ;)
Set Fire To the Rain!!!!:D
Scully and Mulder are my favorite main characters of any show, ever.
giving away drinks at #durkins 810 W Diversey...come by FREE DRINKS
I am glad to have an amazing person and singer in Cincinnati! #RandomMoment lol
RT New video, new stories on the housing stimulus now up on www.housingzone.com/stimulus
Effing dyslexia. I thought my email said I won the scholarship. It didn't. FMLFMLFML
I'm doing a fitness challenge in April. I'm trying to decide between Turbo Jam and Turbo Fire.
Cliches are bullshit. Culture is your operating system. Evolve your internal dialogue. Those old sayings don't mean a damn thing.
so goddamned excited to see in 's #thegirlmostlikelyto !
Bush never would've let all those French people win our Academy Awards.
I need to go grocery shopping today.
Yeah that WAS about you
Big show today as legend Rick Barry F and join this afternoon!
where's waldo!
Good luck this afternoon to our boy Jeff Garcia and The let's get a "W"!
me either! We'll have a whole nye hungergames debriefing! Merry christmas to you too!
do you have demographic data on hospital readmitance?
hey you light skin Lol
Bob Jenkins was a little too defensive on that "I'm not drunk!" retort
of course! Does the roof go up and down? Haha
that's a good thing to advertise on twitter
Just played tennis for the first time in years and it was awesome. Now, if only I could move my leg
Yeah, time to admit the old has finished it's run as my 1st Gen. #smartphone. Question is do I go with a or #iPhone now?
Thx good report for my buyers this morning. Early and prof. for appt.
Anyone know of any job openings in Jax? My only requirement is that it be a desk job, for medical reasons.
This new medicine is making me eat like a mofo
I try ;) lol. I miss youu!
Snow day has turned into a snow week. Tulsa has been declared a disaster area, and the governor has requested FEMA assistance.
Not really.
NYC Area Guitar Players! We know of a special project seeking a guitarist! Message for details! Please RT.
": Wife just hit start on Friday Night Lights...not sure I'm ready for this."//::spontaneous weep of joy::
try using 80legs if you need more bandwidth for web crawling
Looks like I came back at the right time
i love Cyrillic nails, they make my hands look more classy
what kind of grub??
hey look at my tweets follow me bchjnbcxdghjutedsxcfbnm
Bitch thought she was gettin' a convo.... C.L.O.W.N XD
aw,i just read this! you are too kind!! i love you and your mom! yall are so big hearted!
actively, for just a few weeks. i work with and he has motivated me to put this great social medium to good use!
I'm over being under the weather.
King gives Kings 2-1 lead.
If your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt. ~Kaiser
no disrespect but bra hw u get this many fans and u cant rap 4 shittt im just being real i put way more wrk in than u
RT "" has crosshairs on our district; people have to realize there are consequences to that." - Rep Giffords"
please share!!
you have to get the screen replaced
It's time to see who the Real Twerk daddy is!!! Twerk off birthday dinner Friday!!! I will show you what daddy really can do :D
Bored. RETWEET this if you want me to mix you a song. Tweet me to let me know which songs.
Ugh. Late night pizza...I hate how much I love you despite the havoc you wreck on my body.
Mexico for dinner, my favorite!
Ladies Book Club meeting on Weds--optional dinner at 5:30 in the pub, we meet at 7 upstairs. Read Hotel at the Corner of Bitter & Sweet.
Stay awaaayy from the UGA bookstore, they're about a million dollars if you try to get one there.
Emily, our thoughts and prayers are with Eric and his family and extended team family...thankful for the SAFER barrier & COT
I used to know the closer for #RTG2012 , but it has completely escaped me.
I forgot to play the megamillions yesterday , not forgetting to play the PowerBall today.
about to watch me a movie
Come on, #Bruins, you need to focus, bear down, and play to your abilities! Despite injuries, you are better then you have been playing.
One day i hope will RT or reply...:) but until then i'll wait for
Dear Mr.President I can't get unemployment because still under doctors care.
Money doesn't change you, It's changes the people around you,
the entire premise of the show "i didnt know i was pregnant" boggles my mind
Anyone have the over/under on how many Mayors Sunland Park #NM will go through this year?
Oh god..
that's the reason we pay such high taxes. So our towns PW can create more work for us homeowners
#youwerecooluntil you told me you were cool.
I'd like to see a retro suspension for simulation on that call
Tarheels conquer in OT; now on to Kentucky-Indiana, the best game of the day!!!
maw ya name didnt change lol“: *cough* douche bag LMAO ”
My Follow Button Is Lonely! Can You Fix That?(:
is it worth reading now that I saw the movie??
“: Any birthday plans?
18 days off each year? Wow, I could do a lot in a month & a half. /s/ 6
Good to hear! Enjoy your weekend. :)
Thanks, for all the RTs. I enjoy your beat, plus all the great developments in Chula Vista. Keep up the good work.
So fucking sore.
Holy new Tweet to test a Twitter widget on my company's website. OMG I NEED TO TYPE MORE CHARACTERS! 39 MORE TO GO! Woooohoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ChicThompson challenges us to make a list of our 5 nevers and flip them in to opportunities
79 million Americans are pre-diabetic. And it's called an epidemic? More like a pandemic with potentially catastrophic impact.
that was just really bad...tough start for Timmy
Is Bavetta one of the refs?
Friday's adult office beverage is the Queen's Park Swizzle. Rum, Angostura bitters, mint leaves, lime. We're ready for the long holiday!
I dont know what it is but let enjoy the ride while it lasts!!
what are they?
I feel alot of y'all niggas here the music but don't actually listen and grasp the message
The best way to overcome doubts and fears is to focus on what God thinks about u not what u think about myself.
lol me either but when u get an off day we need to go get our nails done or somethin.
that's what I'm watching! !
Can never get away from the balance sheet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Really in love with this new imogen heap cd!
The best secretary!
Yay for LJHS alumni doing awesome things!
almost forgot, you can't miss the Brooklyn Flea in Williamsburg. Amazing food, vendors, and views of Manhattan from the waterfront.
like around 2,000. it's not a set limit but it's like a limit of how much people you can follow in a certain amount of time
You can get a USB SNES controller too :)
they just said The Brad has a lot of alcohol! Oh boy!
A fine point, sir. RT : At least he kept doing a good job of beating the Brewers.
Care about us? Follow our jumo.com/markstuartdance
How its going down - Dmx
sweet! What's your site and ill tell her.
writing my penpal a letter (: I think he hates me though, he hasn't written me since September lmao
"SUPER" Saturday lineup: #SuperBowl control cntr training, then teammate pep rally , finishing with #mibor ball! So excited
i'm stopping there x) haha at least for now. Heard that the new seasons kinda ruin the show lol but idk
I know!!! MT I'm shocked that a group of hotel owners voted 4 a plan 2 make someone else pay 4 their Convention Center.
Fairfax Electronics announces page 1 position on Google for keyword CCTV, thanks to all our supporters.
Has anyone used an autism service dog or have any input on service dogs?
OMFG :D ask if I will meet him and if he loves me?:)
Cabbie profiled in 's cabbie quiz is working on a film called "Waiting for the G" based on Waiting for Godot--LOVE IT!
coffee its the first thing that goes into my system every morning.
Tenet cities are great in a camping site but a concrete jungle starts to stink bad. There are better ways to get a piece of the 1%
Jason Berken will be demoted if gm is ppd for #Orioles. Zach Phillips is here.
@ #iew event Anita McBride states that education is the single most important building block for development.
Pretty sure there were just gunshots across the street.
I am interested in Facebook, Twitter, and any and all social media. Goggle+ is interesting but not quite there yet.
bong bong bong
I've passed 3300 followers, thanks for your interest, everyone!
No relationship is ever a waste of time; it's the time spent discovering your values, interests, and pet peeves. Relationships are important
Yes, they do!
good work!
Wow one stop shop. now selling healthy meals and seventh generation!
Thanks for the opportunity to serve. We appreciate your business. (cc )
#RPDR your fans are enjoying the shoe go #Dida!!
They're gonna rip off your heads, your aspirations to shreds, another cog in the murder machine.
About to go on a CRAZY rafting trip w/ Bon. Wish us luck!
thanks-like that the EFAs in organic oils can nourish more than the skin...
Cue the "Take over the world (for social good)" music mwhahaha cc
I always give her my scraps but shes so scared to take it, it take her like 5 minutes to come eat it
GAH so jealous! i went 0/3 on attempts to visit bakesale betty in december... :(
uh huh...sure! just yankin yo chain! you are welcome :D
Nice blog! Keep running!
Have a safe trip! We're going to miss you :( U better come back soon and visit!
and jimmy is a total nutbag. But who's counting?
GUESS WHAT?!(:
Great concept. Just joined from Klout.
yessir I saw you were giving someone else the free exercise clause lesson; I presume you have heard of wallbuilders?
hey ur mom just follw me <3 thanks jules and happy mothers day
Always interesting (if you like SEO): 7 SEO Friendly Site Features that Developers Often Miss
#SmackDown the new Nexus song sucks
Smile your on candid camera <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I got used to airport living, something doesn't feel right this month. Staying in 1 city for longer than a few weeks is proving to be tough.
please come blow my nose for me
Thanks Kali, hope to see you soon!
#ReplaceSongTitles Take Your Birth Control by Afrojack. Lol never can I hear that song the same after today
RT : Love coming to non-social media conferences. The advice seems stayed & out-dated, but so many professionals still need it.
#intheblog panel discusses high quality content and engagement: make sure u have the facts right, then add your own voice
On that highway heading downtown
Did the rangers win???
- YoMama opens in Brookfield today!
Ah stuff isn't that deep! I need to start thinking that way!!!!!!!!
Can't wait to be out of town for the first weekend of Coachella guys!!!!! (Gonna go on a Vicodin bender so I can sleep through the second)
Does anyone have my tweets sent to their phone?
Excellence is the attention to detail which opens the door to superior performance.
More power to ya. I would have just said screw it & let the train go ahead without me.
It's always been my impression that Kerry Wood is a nice guy. It's not essential to being a baseball player, but it's good to know/suspect.
they just expire.
Thanks to everyone who attended our #infantmassage class yesterday at Loved seeing all the relaxed babies
Thanks so much!! Nice to see over here on Twitter too. ( :
Our sail boat capsized and I was like "this is it. This is how I'm going to die. I'm going to be eaten by a shark" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
oh god he wa wearing the white jordan slippers dat austin mahone wears AHH
Lebron a BITCH!!! He acted his ass off in that shit...
I just need to get as far away from here as possible...
#Congress: “Parents with school-age children are in desperate need of #afterschool programs. Think #community!” –Shelly
Tim will you be open on Mother's Day?
Hoosier Vets: 46 days until the Primaries. Is your voter registration current? Do you know your polling place?
Back in Tampa!!
I am with you, beer too!
you're the second to bring up Family Circus. I added Rubes and Dilbert to my shootable list as well.
Don't forgot to gte your ticket for the game on Saturday. Have a chance to meet Swann, Ham and Blount
word up. we'll keep ya posted. thanks for the support and please spread the word! keep tossin'
Portland Trib on NW Sports Tonight art 8:05..reacting to Blazer win and changes plus Duke
Heaven help us. The Woebogoebo has arrived for "Raise Your Hand."
Be careful what you wish for. You just might get it all.
Black film of the day "In His Father's Shoes."
Heading through Holland on the way to Muskegon for some turkey!
Is it too early to start New Year resolutions for 2012? I don't remember mind for 2011 but I'm going to assume I've accomplished them.
Inspired by seeing Amie Miriello last night at House of Blues. Performing onstage with the audience energy - awesome!
boys.... it all comes down to penalties....
Baking a #12 Packer cake for my canasta ladies – a spice cake!
So cold <U+E406>
American Idol <3
"Sandwich"comes from Earl Sandwich who orderedmeat between bread, and his friends said "I'llhave thesame as sandwich."I learned somuch today
Ok anyone else STOKED for Titantic3D??
I'm skipping #Bachelor for you tonight, feel special. Can't wait to catch up with everyone!
Lecture Topic: Santa Clause...a drunk fat fuck.
Some ppl just don't get it and deserve to be laughed at..lol
A gentleman is one who never hurts anyone's feelings unintentionally.
"they say i'm up and coming like i'm fucking in an elevator" lol Best song lyrics I have ever heard
i never played with you lol what your acct that you play on the most so i can add you
and dubstep always on my mind
Our guitars are silent in honor of the great Jim Irwin.
So, what are you kids getting into this weekend? Let us know!
Now that I have a date for prom im super excited!! It needs to come sooner(:
your timeless grace, your pretty face, they bring you to an higher place, I love the things you do, could the winner be you?
Watching kids vandalize a live truck because the University made a good decision.
I keep telling myself that I don't miss you and I don't love you. Hoping one day I'll believe it..
lyric to internet killed the video star
Tired of the ass holes who just so freely take the lives of others as if their god?
Boat. :D
Just remembered that my biological grandma (mama's real mom) died fifteen years ago today. I was almost 4, so I don't remember her.
Thinking of getting all the members of Wu Tang Clan as Winnie the Pooh characters for my next tattoo. It would say "Wooh".
": Horse Name Ideas? RT When is a rapper going to purchase a horse and enter the Kentucky Derby?" Sir Trot-a-lot
I want to love, but im scared to because my heart is still healing frm the last time someone broke it...
Learn to forgive and be thankful.
I love my lesbians.
You're welcome and thanks for the follow back :)
I've pretty much stopped drinking those things, if you can believe it!
Haha she does ! :P
<U+E403> ugh.. I have softball tonight. I'm gonna miss the UStream!! I love softball... Love y'all more! Kinda hard to explain to coach
RT : U.S. official tells NBC News that bin Laden has been buried at sea 'in accordance with Islamic law and tradition'
No prob. It is an awesome book. And very nicely written too.
suggestion: Add a "strikethrough" font. Sometimes it's handy to cross out text to track changes to a note.
Driving with one head light cause
#pfsummit Why'd they say content hard to find? MT chicken & egg problem: for APA content to evolve, need good APA contentmakers first
cmoooooooon Nell, this loss has NOTHING to do with Kobe Bean Bryant man..!!!!!!
Mind.blown.
Working on new custom bikinis, shirts, all over prints, and many more projects this weekend. Enjoying the great SoCal weather with the team
ha! Yeah, i sometimes have trouble getting my skinnier jeans over my calves, but that's not really a bad thing, I guess.
I am pretty sure I flashed the neighbors trying to stoop without dirtying my knees ;)
Just ate a piece of cake from "upper crust" bakery and I'm a new fan.
thanks again for organizing the workshop!
OHMYGOD. I love your hair. How do you do it? :3
wall to the mart
She's like a crack whore without the dignity.
lol you need to do those daily. Loved it. Party on the 28th. Not sure when or where but be there
Skipping school tomorrow to go to the cape :)
yes there is? tell me gem?<3
& everybody wonders why I can't keep no female as a friend. They all triflin' and nasty. Get on somewhere with that shit. Pah!
can i help with anything?
has this thing about Robert Christgau being the "dean of American rock critics" © become a joke yet? 1/2
Enjoy your memorial day weekend. We'll see you next Friday!
"Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself." - William Faulkner
I want to think that but I also feel like that's idealistic.
I'm So excited about tonight..."and I been practicing an practicing"
One of our favorite guests, is now on Twitter! He probably set the bar pretty high for us.....
Good read thank your for sharing this.
Joe Flacco is a good QB. The coaches have to put him in a position to win.
girl I waited on him last night. so bizarre lol LOVE YOU and MISS YOU!
Looking for a job? Need to pay for spring break? Campus Rec is looking for officials this semester. Pay is $10/hr. Email
Think you can handle a Cirque du Soleil inspired workout? Follow for details on how you can score a free class!
Bitch talk to da rocks in my ear
Whew! Got my order in for The Big Heat on blu-ray and the 5-CD über-deluxe Ben-Hur soundtrack - I was so afraid they'd be sold out.
RT : alright! I mean pick me up from tin roof I.wanna go wit u and
Have you tried Sophie Oak? I'm burning thru her Bliss series now - hard to put them down.
I've been upset over something that happened to me...questioning why...
Lol, Mr. Deeds
Thanks. And great. I hope mommy comes home again! :P
Eventually we need to make sure you are worthy of the truth of the tacos
it leaves his hands more free than the pom poms…
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate You pay...I forgot my wallet.
Meet the team at #shrmtalent Booth 506 until 6p today!
Pan channel integration is important to email strategy
Tonight: We call "ALL" unsigned talent to the stage. Club Pyramid: 101 Ave. A. BTW 6&7 St. (Lower East Side, NYC). Sign up 8PM, 18+, $10-
Love you baby! RT : I swear I'd do anything for you! <3
but seriously.
Goals must be more than extrinsic. What fuels you inside?
Hey Eugene - Brew Dr. Kombucha is now on tap at Red Barn (4th and Blair). BYO container and enjoy!
oh god are you tweeting from my bathroom? wtf dude.
In their defense everybody in New York was doing a lot of cocaine back then.
I'm following all of the Simpsons now!!!
Is that person called "intern"?
pft who wouldnt(: Ill buy u another drink(:
I just need somebody to love , <3
that boy Tom Donald driver what a monster still a factor just ask those hating ass 49ers hell yay he get my vote to great tweet
Had a great time last night with !
Do gay midgets come out of the cabinet?
SALE going on thru Friday! 30% off select items!
Did you schedule your pet’s annual examination? You might think it won’t hurt to skip it this year but it could save your pet’s life!
BIG thanks for sharing our podcast Kiri!
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?" -- John Wooden (This may be my new favorite quote)
Congrats to ! Fear not, Pops followers, we'll be giving CDs away for the next 2 weeks! :)
#AnybodyButTheHeatNation .. I am betting on my team
hahaha ya baby! I'll come pick you up this summer wif the top down! Ill be like the cooler
Chipping away at a social media/public relations project I've been working on for months...hope to debut soon!
I honestly don't think I'll sleep tonight
The Girl with the Tintin Tattoo - A mysterious girl with no eyebrows becomes computer animated and runs around the country while pouting.
#ClassicJokeMonday What does a nosy pepper do? Get jalapeno business!
Are u a styles to or no?
walking behind a guy with a full sleeve and he is automatically attractive and i haven't even seen his face. LOL
see you tomorrow!
Another 3.9 #quake just now in #Oakland (ep. #Berkeley).
You know it ! Trying to make some moves!
Eddie the Eagle steps on the ice... Goosebumps
Mom I need another bag of lemons <~~~ just in case u see this message....and baking a chocolate cake this weekend won't hurt ya either xoxo
These earphones she gave me blastin
Enjoying this fabulous weather! How about you?!
This has been a so to say interesting night. To The Dome tomorrow. Go Panthers!! ;)
- thanks for the RT!
Just got home
just discoverd a new book: Star Wars ABC!
Can't even tell u
good for you jim tressel, hope you do well with the colts! go bucks! we all miss u sir
NO! Don't take Gibson! Please!
VCU is not your typical #12. Shockers pretty darned tough too.
Ah, I love you. <3
Day #1 on set this week!
Slept in after a long day of #AAA2010 mtgs yesterday. Now to finish tomorrow's paper and head over to the conference. What day is it again?
RT : Sorry for the avalanche of tweets tonight, I am moderating #BA75chat ....the topic discussed : Mentorship > Join us!
SPF?: family's first trip to Disney World on Orlando this week!
Loving your album The Color Spectrum (Complete Collection) on :)
As a teenager you are at the last stage in your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you. - Fran Lebowitz
Can't wait for the #ESRIUC SIG on GIS in Libraries. Excited to see what others are doing with ArcGIS in their libraries
You can bid on a dinner with David Conrad and our lovely chair, Mary Prezioso.
Hey Jim, thanks for the follow. I'm looking forward to connecting.
Follow my sexii bro
is getting loose on !
CRAWFORD cool fa sho will check it out, if you ever inLA area and need a video holla, www.johnboatnerentertain.com
#ritread interesting comments on the human elements of GBS but I want more #lanham!
kimmy u come too far for any let downs!!
Yep, we are having "pubmed lookup service" issues too
Thanks for all the #FF love today! We appreciate the help spreading the word.
The internet is outdoing itself tonight
On my way to school I should be there around 9 lol :-)
I was in DECA 1978-1979. Cool it still exists.
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever. - Tupac Shakur
well good luk :)
we open now!
“: I wonder if any of you have a clue what song my last tweet was from” only Rushers will know(:
hiya! Im booked Sunday until 7pm.
Tickle Bill
Thanks for the follow
Eating my feelings, which are apparently goldfish right now.
you can make a bg written Austin Mahone please?
it'll be gigantic
welcome our partner charity, to twitter.
Urgent casting! Do you know anyone in BAD relationship? Live in SoCal or Alanta area? Email:
Thank you all for the retweets! That was so awesome!
A Shout Out to the dude who still takes bathroom mirror pics of him self! #YouStillGotIt!
Comedy discovery: slo-mo the corrections during SNL's Fox & Friends for "Taliban is not in fact launching Honey Bunches of Goats cereal," &c
I ACTUALLY MET AH
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 47
I70 is closed at the tunnel, mm 213, for an accident in clear creek county
Also a couple of Two Hands: Shiraz
it feels amazing
“: Thanks for the follow! I'm enjoying the music on the website! Good stuff!” thank you!!! We appreciate that!
RT : Pierre McGuire just dropped a "well they booed Santa Claus" on Philly fans!
Film Looks Back at Magic's Announcement
That sounds like fun!
I'm lovin this meteor shower
heard the story about "dad stop smoking you're killing yourself and me too" "so lets die together sab"
Thanks for the kind words,
Still got 14 of 16 of the Sweet Sixteen teams, not too bad after day 1
A morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable. ~Thomas Jefferson
H&M? Yeah, haha
I swear, watching a huge person eat makes me wana throw Up ! Ugh .
One of y'all let me get 40 emails in my inbox. *glares at timeline*
Officially done with this semester!
Just got raped by my apush test.
tell her yess :b
My mood today is, "Fuck you. Pay me."
Excellent! I truly hope you enjoy it. :)
I think the worst feeling in the world would be when someone just gives up on you. That would feel so bad. :/
I don't remember the last time I was this exhausted! Let the vacation recuperation begin!
We have faith in you! Its tonight at 8 AND 8:30pm.. We are doing $25 Visa Gift Card AND free samples
: "You may see my glory, but you don't know my story. Be you!"
#TURNOFF when a guy act like he bout dat life & bout dat paper, BUT NOT! Keep it real boo. If u ain't got it, u aint got it.Lies r turnoffs
ha! You know that I won't be able to not watch.
BTW, is my hero... TWICE!
Happy Birthday to ! Hope you have a great one.
Would you like to come to our campus April 4 for an event we are hosting (250+ students/entrepreneurs) w/5 panelists?
gals&guys THANK YOU so much for being our customers! YOU YOU YOU make our success possible and we hope we crushed it with service this year!
Mr Mathers do you know who won best all around in the WSOP-C stop in Biloxi? thanks
im great what was wrong?
Call and place your order today! 619-537-8812
any chance at Richardson at 16th? Dont think we should trade up, to many needs, dont want Barron either. If Trents gone, Upshaw?
u seen ride or die type chic no lie
Will someone out there please satisfy #Adele. She's killing me.
She and him....doing it
That's just the nature of the beast.
RT - Suck for Luck, that's the Miami Dolphins theme this year
No idea!! Haha.
dinosaurs roamed the earth.
Just looking at the food and drink category on makes me feel like I need to exercise.
Love to talk to you at some point! You guys with the Iowa crew? Who should I look for?
Today I rode in a stretch Escalade to and from The Price Is Right, with 20 friends. DON'T YOU EVER TELL ME I CAN'T ACCOMPLISH MY DREAMS.
It appears British triple jump legend Jonathan Edwards has joined Twitter (via )
They are playing sweet caroline at xfinity
Ha! For what?
At the NCAA volleyball clinic. Both kids are doing drills before we head over to the finals at the dome.
U must got an apex laptop lol : My laptop dies in 30 mins if I take it off the charger DA FUCK I need a new battery!
Trying to focus on this essay& do well but everything around me screams "PROCRASTINATE DAMMIT!"
Life is good.
- unknownThe winds of heaven change suddenly; so do human fortunes
I gotta study for Calc and Ap euro. After that I'll go lift
Lmao at ihop with these fools
I meant, "Truth." Sheesh.
I feel you wouldn't be complaining as much if Bernie still slid into the keg.
Ready for the family and the feast!
i got amazing news with no one to share it with... =(
the #NYRangers game was the opposite!! Let's go Rangers!!!
What's with these guys dating girls but gettin it from some other dude? #YouGayBro?
In connected learning, how do we encourage a healthy information diet? And how do we also meet kids where they are in pop culture?
Richard Bona, Mike Stern, Bob Franceschini and Dave Weckl went in tonight!!!! Pics will be posted soon :)
the hadoop logo is kind of sweet. Get on the rest.
RT : Hipster jury ruled Oracle and Google are lame for using Java.
hey! Happy Birthday. Hope all things are well in Berwyn! See you next month!
holdin the ball to beat the buzzer
we fucking won
John Mayer's on Ellen today ohoho
Thats right I donf have 14 months to wait I meed increase now I luv Obama
you know how I do
Forgot to put coffee in the coffemaker. At least I have hot water for tea. Have a good day peeps!
At the Oregon Symphony in Newberg thanks to Ken!
yes. A phone. Its an Android haha
oh no, is it Tuppie? Sending good thoughts
BTW, how's DC? There's a Legal Sea Foods at Reagan Airport. :)
I meant drive themselves crazy.
That Lil Shit Funny, I Pay It No Mind, I Rather Spend Money, I Dont Have The Time
Always having that one person you can go to for everything >>> thank you for being that one ! Bestfriends for life <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
haha oh well <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Sleepy-ish but going to Brian's game
Geez, you seem grumpy about the news. Did you sign a contract prohibiting you from saying anything nice about the President?
the swearing in ceremony is at at 430pm today!
Good food, good people makes for a great party. Thanks for stopping by last night.
I was promised a cool pop track? We know you are #Calculating but where is it?
YES thank you RT All PHILLY FANS heavy rain will move out in time for game to be played.. Looks to me game ON!!
Hope it ends well.
I'LL WATCH IT ONLY IF ITS GOOD WHO'S ON TONIGHT'S SHOW
-.- “: Wow, this shit got real outta hand fast. Cmon guys, we're all on the same team here. We have to unite as a ppl.”
Keep the hits coming denver, this beating is awesome!
Ah, stability through baking. has this same self preservation technique. Let me know about the html if needed.
"To be successful, one must take chances." Grow today by leaving your comfort zone.
Everything is becoming lame.
Just a little Easter Tweet! ;) Happy Happy Easter!
Anyone in the Twitterverse have a love of a particular web host? I need one for a personal portfolio site.
Already had 2 great lacrosse meetings this week! Getting excited for the future of the Gold Crown Lacrosse Program!
What's up with the Rock-flavored stations going away? Alternative in Reno, NV ditches the format at noon today.
Such a fabulous event!! We will see everyone there!
Couldn't agree more, in general. But picture one losing to the other, with the winner losing to UNC in FF? I'm an IU fan anyway.
All of you people who rip on James Harrison are jerks. He gives out free jerseys, therefore he's a respectable athlete, IMO.
Day was made - just saw a sorority gal wearing a #nycc sweatshirt.
I put digress jackass.
Came back to the hotel exhausted, dirty, and with a raging fever after visiting Angkor Thom + Phnom Bakheng. It was still amazing!
Thanks! Tweeting about #childhealth, #pediatrics, #meded, & more. Learning & growing always...
Just had a meeting at the office of the state historian for their new site. We got a special VIP tour of their top secret vaults...
sucks! & El_t_i_ch__r is incredibly famous and talented!... April fools!
If you fire JoePa, you should fire McQueary too. McQueary should have called the cops after leaving that locker room in 2002.
Nothing much. Everythang good on yo end?
Cause most are gold diggers RT : Pretty girls be stuck up AF. Why tho? SMH.
#BoyzAreBack lol hope you guys win! :-)
Okay. I'm fine don't worry.
no prob boo
Thanks, Steve! RT : Was very impressed with the other day when I followed 's run.
fox hollow coffee in elkton is legit!
The awkward moment when you’re trying to get over someone you never
When is Prom ?
Funny how people ruin good music .. cheers to rockin out regardless
An online retailer conducts an informal survey on the availability and quality of gift baskets available for puchase in person or online.
Is anyone else having problems with tiling on #HBO on right now? It's ruining
Dead as fauuk up at the gig
What "part of yourself" was Jack and Jill, Adam?
Now following back
looking forward to our certificate x
follow back please?(:
How many consecutive years can Tom Watson receive a standing o at the #masters?
I believe all #professional presentation boards should incorporate googly eyes and have catchy titles that rhyme.
i know hes gonna win eventually but it just bugs me that he thinks hes the king
happy birthday Scott. Hope you're having a great one :) <U+2764> you're really sweet and awesome c:
I can't believe it! Cowboys have won 3 straight games.
Hahaha you're an IDIOT
ok....i guess ill just stay up all night. Gonna be super HYPER tomorrow!xD
My BIRTHDAY DINNER TOMORROW @ HOOTERS BEHIND WOLFCHASE MALL @ 7!! If you wanna hit the loud b4 we go in , dnt come NO later than 8
ppl are talking like each game won't be close and Boston will sweep us. Our Defense will make this series offensively....
I'll be appearing on a BBC program on the history of tobacco, hosted by Brian Cox.
im so drunk i thought i was ready to hit the eight ball.
The windy city is living up to its name. 30 MPH gusts blowing from left to right at Wrigley. Will be interesting to see the effect that has.
How did you spend your Sunday afternoon? Great time of fellowship with family and friends at the Potawatomi Park!
yeah for 1billion dollars!!....i dnt get y ppl r bitchin like soo wat im sure its still gonna b the same
Lovely choice! The sizes in our Babydoll collection run from 0-16. Have you been physically trying on our dresses?
lol not sure what the second option is exactly but it sounds like a lot more fun :)
pretty sure I just saw you on Dateline
Schools need support from teacher librarians!!
I heard you had a call for local art? Where do we sign up?!
AUSTIN MAHONE FOLLOWED US YESTERDAY! ah lol
Whoa Trampled by Turtles is on the Late Show with Letterman tonight! Congrats!
At the #filmfestival at We're sponsoring a prize!
I am in the process of doing that right now! You know what they say about great minds ;-)
thanks spare ribs it is!
this horny lesbian wants me. uhh.
I got "a" LinkedIn request-game on!
If you are a musician then Island Connex was built with you in mind! We are using the site to promote! Make profile & connect with fans!
Getn the 4 day power pump n at the gym b4 I hit to the 90 degree desert....
dude being interviewed on right now just took them to task and asked that all the political prisoners be freed!
El Sistema and Tune Up Philly on WHYY right now
It's a good thing you're not texting and diving...well, unless your phone is waterproof. ;P
Dear Weather, It isn't a good idea to be hot and humid today. I go to a Catholic school and they only have AC in the office and we suffer
Taco bell :D
Science test today. I'm fucking screwed...
"My Country" by the tune-yards should be the new National Anthem. Or Radiohead's "National Anthem"
Can't wait to see next #Muppetmovie .
I want to have a Death row records picture with all my friends...lol
wait.. am i actually doing homework?
I'll take it! Jk I don't need a man I'll fix this shit myself i go to school to fix cars for fucks sake
Life is wat u make it. If u just sit around then life will just pass u by!!!
Keep calm and dance on.
Don't get me wrong. I know how lucky I am to have my hair color and I love being au natural again. But I do miss my hot pink sometimes. Sigh
The only real conservative at the #SCdebate is
Wats up bout to do some HMWK keep following <3 ya !! XD!!
We got more bounce in california we like to party al the time :) 7days
you need to DM me your info so we can get this shoot rolling finally!
sup? Q
Dr. Ty is in the clinic today.. He is a MD who also has CP!
And considering the VAST Increasing Number of new Catholics Autistic people could bring, I am SHOCKED the Vatican tolerates this
NBC is doing to Community what Joan Fontaine thought Cary Grant was doing to her in "Suspicion". But without being nearly as charming. <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA>
it was a global scale..its just globaler now
He's really good at 2B though, just ask the Tigers pitching staff!
I love you more than I love helping homeless people. Get some rest, try not to worry, and call me tomorrow. :) <3
Yup: : Seager is doing a great job tonight. At popping out to infield.
We've wasted enough time in the past and dreamt enough of the future, it's time to live in the present.
for anyone who is trying to reach me, I left my laptop charger in Charlotte.. so I'm unable to do much until I purchase another..
where u @ dude!
Insomnia always comes at the worst possible time. =\
Will this be available to the public soon? Is it something I can write about for a Hispanic Education mag?
Texans win with Titans loss texans win afc south title would Matt hassleback be cridiseid for saying afc south wide open
Beerpong tonight who's down?
Having technical problems with Radio Enso tonight! Not live, but are taping and will upload for listening after 7:15 PDT!
wat happened to U
Yea, I think you're right.
You *are* being satirical, no? Otherwise, you're definitely no "debunker of myths." Judge not....
Welcome to the congregation Anousa! We're excited to have you with us! ~Rev. Joseph
Why hasn't texted me "Happy Mother's Day" I mothered that ho! :(((
Uninformed about what exactly? What do you believe I said is untrue?
Denim on denim and too hot for ya
I cut open everything with 'em. They rule.
sorry T-Mobile
Review and giveaway: Incipio Lexington and Slim Kickstand cases for the new iPad
All this time I thought I was following
I miss having Amazing Accidents; now they're just oh Sh!# moments.... Guess its the natural progression of life.
#imagine you met Austin on the street. A: are you (yn)? you: how could you still remember me? A: i met you a month ago, i cant forget you !
Japanese Pentax users pay quirky homage to the 67 - CNET Asia
another session at the
U're not on point with your own goals you hurt the team around you. Finish the work, bigger than you and me! Prove "lazy" stereotype wrong
All day Happy Hour every day in the lounge. $3.00 taps, $3.50 wells, $3.00 appetizers.
Starting to see a few school delays: OR City 2 hrs late.
is building communities around location based discoveries cc/
#thingsIwantthemost for my family and friends to be happy <3
v. nice.
will find u on a cooler day! Sweating it out in the AC at Legends!
I was really awful last night. I put a lot of pressure on mom's ribs. She woke up crying, but I was pretty comfortable...
My first #PMP Twitter connection 5 Process Groups 9 Knowledge areas 42 Processes...
How are the Yankees fans doing this evening?
hopefully after the summer! Miss us?
Always interesting (if you like SEO): MC Hammer Launching "Deep Search" Engine WireDoo
Your name no longer makes my heart drop.
you trying to lose some money in 2k sam?
Just that B. Marshall is a BEAST!! 170+ rec yds and 4 TDs??W.O.W.
*observes & 's nerdity, and likes it*
#Singers want a healthy energy boost alternative to Starbucks? Purified water w/ lemon + all-natural sweetener (Stevia.) Won't leave gunk.
N'Sync is blasting in the quad. Barnard Spirit Day is ON :)
So.. When is MTV gonna actually show music videos again? Get your shit together..RIF
gas prices sure aren't falling here... $4.17 yesterday
Breakfast with this morning Exciting plans for 09/10 First Night! (via )
outer space hubble
coffee + nutella make for a delicious, if overly sugared, lunch.
We need to stop wasteful spending and we will have the money for the non profit and all other areas
yeah.. until tomorrow!
when you get nailed in the balls...
Great workout. He'd wok will pay off, protein shake, shower and off to the J
QoTD while playing Big Buck Hunter: "you shoot like a vegetarian". It was true.
It only took 2 and a half years.. haha
Well, I'm putting on my favorite pants. I thought you should know.
Tim Thomas commercial just before they talk to the President. Well played
Love never reasons but profusely gives; gives, like a thoughtless prodigal, its all, and trembles lest it has done too little.
Lake Show cancelled tonight due to Thunder storms...
peter parker will be back I think... Just like Superman, and the plethora of other heroes who have died and been resurrected.
Z100 PLAYING CHASING THE SUN IN NY!!!! LOVVVEEEE
SMs who don't have a clear understanding of equity breaks... ugh.
If a product has less packaging (i.e. it's greener, less waste, easier to oen, etc.), is it perceived as a cheaper product?
Tired of all the driving!
Today us National Chocolate Chip Cookie day! What are you doing to celebrate?
Where are you from? :D
Diablo 3 is coming out May 15th! Who else gonna take a whole week off to play :D
Guy Fieri, host of the Food Network's "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives," will drive the pace car at 2012 Indianapolis 500
Thank you for the mentions Happy Wednesday!
Thinks her DC cab driver is hilarious - he calls everyone Jojo - must be an ex-Wolfers student!
#TwSIG Can organize people from a conference, or from higher ed or other sorts of ways you network. private lists don't make favorites
Do I want to see Tthe Hunger Games? Not a fan of sci fi or talking animals. Does this movie have talking animals?
We need another coffee date...
also, if I have to DD after 10PM, I'm within my rights to leave without him
hahahahaha English was so much fun last year
Hopefully getting half of my sleeve done today.
Good Morning #Miami #Caterer, let's start this Tuesday with the best vibes and positivism. #Happiness is contagious :D
Happy Bunny Day everyone :)
Why do bachelors like smart women? Opposites attract.
You had better be staying close young lady!
omg how many dogs do you have i kind of lost count haha. you're so adorable i can't.
love it, you are awsome!
The Dick & Jane Show Congratulations Elvis Winterbottom, our first ever recipient of funniest actor in a comedy.
Damn you for ruining my healthy eating
lmao sorry im in new mexico, you go find a guy<3
Some say this game is a joke, but i hope they get it -weezy f. Baby
My calves be so big it make yo girls ass jeolous! Lol
have a goodnight
why thank you darlin!
meet me at bus stop?
#GeekTrivia answer: Who are Wolverine's son and daughter/female clone? Daken aka Dark Wolverine - son. X-23 aka Laura - female clone.
Great seminar on modernism and neuroscience this morning. Lots of great connections and new ideas.
No exp in apartment, but if you do that, adopt older one who is beyond chewing shoes.
Man damn i had to take da vett bak if i had 9bands i would buy dat bitch
ow thank ya baby, it's cool :)
goodnight! follow me tomorrow? <3
I'll be here! Social media seminar is at 1:30
just thinking
If you never step out without being absolutely #FAB even on a bad day, you're still gorgeous and you know it! RETWEET TikiDolls (:
Is it really bad if i took tylenol 2 hours ago and now im about to drink?
Haha! #wellsaid RT : Beck to life. Beck to reality.
Cab driver now watching Bloomburg on the web. While driving. Snow blankets the road.
Hey, it's a rough world out there. Not everyone can make the cut. ;)
No one told me mothers day was going to be such a huge event at the Krieger household
With For her last day in San Diego we're going to Coronado, again.
"that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain; that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom.."
900th tweet goes out to my fave senior <3 you
My mind is playing tricks on me right now ... not liking it one bit.
lol you already know . I GOT HOES FOR DAYS !
Hey what can I say...when ur good, ur good....sarcasm :-)
new day new money better decisions here we go Cashhouse
No weed no liquor so the night we go well as planned
just watching a movie and about to get ready to go to bed long day
why the hell do i always see sports shoes on facebook news feed now
LOL this is so wrong in so many ways
A Whole New Look Coming For Ukeycheyma
The very first online poker room was called Planet Poker and it went live Jan.1, 1998 with a game of 3 - 6 dollar Texas Hold ‘Em
RT AND I'll put a pic up of my butt or boobs
RT : RETWEET if you love your followers
another B.S. story?
Nice! RT RT : We've decided on mid-life crisis cars. He wants a 76 Eldorado. I'm leaning toward S2000.
sup folks headed to the #cubs game with my bro
the story of my LIFE for the past year. Both mine & Adams identities were stolen. :(:(:(
If everyone walked around with their orgasm face, no one would ever get laid
haha. Tom Crean pulled a Bart Scott with his post game interview.
I want to thank everyone that has visited my page @ reverbnation.com/roberttorme because of you, my tune "everything happens to me" is...
Why wasn't one direction nominated for best music group? Bitch excuse me but they are 100x better than BTR and the Black Eyed peas .... wtf
Dr. Neal Chamberlain & Dr. Peter Kondrashov were selected for the Max T. Gutensohn Teaching Award for 2012.
Liking #Lions offense so far.
whoa, i think my twitter is really confused. i'm in the for jamesdcalder and its replying as ohiohumanities. wild.
Leaving 66 in TN for 39 in UT. Will those 27 degrees fit in my carry on?
No it isn't right, he made a promise to return for his senior year, now he's just a liar and a cheat.
Now until close tonight $3 frappes if u mention our tweet:)
In Milwaukee?!
Thinking good thoughts for She's interviewing for a different position in her school district. She's been prepping for a week.
looks like you had him up all night sewing on hem tags ..:-)
RT : Follow for best Alabama coverage:
Thanks big Jay, we just bought our tickets to go to the Jersey Shore in late July
Cruel intentions on netflix >>>>>>
yes i still havent done my spanish shoebox project
I can drive her to school. Depends on conflict start time with but we can make it work.
Good Deeds was incredible!!
Put that emotion in the food, because it's so much more rewarding down the line,
Story of O-:
Take yo medication Roman, take a short vacation Roman you'll be okaaaAAAAaaaayyy.
SPACEBAR--if you have ever written a play, been in a play or seen a play, you will love SPACEBAR. #sourcefest June 2011
you always make opening day more fun. Ha ha ha
if y'all are still looking for co-owners, let me know! I'd love to help out :) xx
we're free to construct an identity online and then begin to act out that identity IRL.
la cancion de rihanna?
We're still celebrating AMERICA!! Come see our Red, Whites, and Blues!! You won't be sorry you did! Open till 7 on Sunday! :)
Thank you, sir lol RT : Good luck with those exams to all the students! Study hard so u can party harder!
Doing that senior memory book really made me realize how all my life I've been used to a mentally rough home life. God brought me thru it!
Starting pitchers on my bench. No worse feeling.
It's #fridaythe13th what spooky stuff is happening today?
FINALLY HOME. LONG NIGHT.
Free money. Really. No lie. Seriously. Just listen for your cue in a couple of minutes.
hey we still blessed we have it better than most as long as your healthy & happy with no stress we living comfortable sweetie
RIP cell phone - fear of seeing #cliffdiving incident and ROFL w/ you #woremeout! =D
what channel?
what's your email address?
I loved Korean Zombie and now I love him even more for calling out Aldo
I wish your son good luck today.
#NYC public saunas: 2.25 per use, stay as long as you like. Subway ride included at no extra charge. Unlimited use available for $89/mo
Spending too much time with 19th-century cemetery records!
Embrace change. Accept it and let it in.
It's snowing!! :D
ok somebody plz help me get more followers
The smell of the smoke earlier tonight reminded me of Christmas.
Memebase is my only source of entertainment
I forgot what I was going to write so I'll just write this
My 30-year-old brother and I were birthed three years apart despite mom's failed early '80s IUD implants
I wonder what % of emails were lost or missed due to #sxsw :) My guess...a lot!
[+] Turned said college essay on the topic of napkin poetry in to handwritten on a stack of Dunkin Donuts napkins.
Good morning world. The pounding in my head says hello
"Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing"
Can't be your savior, I don't have the power.
Happy new year everyone!!!!!!!!!! Make it count, apparently its out last! Haha
Well, a bird flew into our home this a.m... had quite the adventure trying to get it out. EWWWW! Glad I wasn't there (sorry Ty)
9 LIKES AWAY! Prease spread the word!!
Aloha Friday! Come in for some $3 Primos and awesome surf vids from 4-11 pm!
But when I read the documentation it sounds like it should be super easy.
Accepting sponsorship applications for a new project. Direct message me if you are interested.
Rock the bells ? No thanks .
cant wait(:
Bet you didn't know this: Today is "Sneak a Zuccini onto your neighbor's porch" day - started because a guy grew too much so he gave it away
Fuck the world and everyone who's in it
#NoOffenseBut I'm a Jew so Easter means nothing to me except peeps in the microwave and my friends' houses smelling like rotten eggs.
thanks for the mention!
i came to see you today around 530 but you werent there =(
a hot cup of tea wold do nicely right now
Find me on Hanging With Friends! My username: ElectricFeel_
I'm on my way over k?
hahahahhaa this account is awesome
If you give a prostitute 80 cents to leave you alone and not receive any sexual favors. Is that still illegal?
lol. My squirrel was playing tether ball.
“: Tomorrow night @ 8pm me, , will be on VERY EXCITED! :)
"like you're reading in technicolor." I like that.
I don't want to go back to hell tomorrow :/
I went there last week for the first time and loved it!
Where can that James debate be seen?
I just can't wait until Teen Wolf comes on again. It's been too long
Serious LPCs happening right now. (cc )
What's the best work out right now on humanities in higher ed., esp. in American universities, esp. threats to humanities study?
Just saw The Avengers at midnight, why you up.?
is getting looks walking to street. he either did a really good job dressing up or a really poor job.
Wine plays a role in holistic health. We love your events and specials & I enjoy visiting from time to time! ~Linda :o)
": Bet I need Lactaid for that new "Adult Chocolate Milk"."its in my fridge now. Yum!
Check out whoorli...social exchange.
It's all a process.....
#UMNproud RT Four #Gophers have been named to the U.S. National Team for the 2012 IIHF World Championships.
This is a very special day for your fan and you would do well creeo a happy birthday from you Please C:!
If she'll trade you her virginity for a Charizard card then #shestooyoungforyoubro!
Tomorrow night is our first Wing Night. Who can eat the most?
stop calling me out on twitter jerk
Funny, that's what my adult co-ed softball team sounds like too...
Hahaha! Something like that.... ;-) I love it.
Kentucky Wildcats 3/8 ' ‘Paw with K ’ Dangle Earrings – 14KT Gold Jewelry
Cardinal rule of St. Louis...visit Busch stadium on a beautiful summer night.
About to schedule 12 credit hours for summer. First summer classes ever
My mother is killing me on Words with Friends.
can you help FXFITVID get to 500 followers by the end of the day? Please RT!
Actually LOVE this.
ramble on
Know a Pittsburgh college student interested in Marketing or Graphic Design? Have them e-mail for the fall!
help paulie! RT In St Pete FL - feeling really sick. Someone bring me soup
I want something new, exciting ,and worth my time
#Spurs are gonna outshine the Suns tonight!
hi mr b. Does come home tomorrow? I am mixed up.
My brother is tryin to show me his lil magic tricks & I'm fucking them up. Haha! He said I suck as an audience. Hahaha!
well you could just look at the info...haha.(;
My pool is closed by health dept...trashed. Sad that people lack respect for property, and good to know my HOA fees will be used
invites you to a Free Introductory Class this Tuesday or Wednesday night! Contact me for more details! Hope to see and hear from you soon!
RT : Dear Yahoo!, put up the pic of Polly's 2000th hit. Love, a blogger
. teams should be named after regional monikers or barring that, the color of their socks.
I'm so freaking bored right now.
Beautiful image! Is it an oil p.?
Please note that RSVPs are accepted on a first come,first served basis.Thank you for your understanding and continued support of our program
you slay me...
My song of the day goes out to: #StoneTemplePilots ~ SEX TYPE THING! Yeeeeeesssssssszzzzzz.....
Ex #brewers hairston and wright beat us today
All #sxsw tweets bring back great memories of my panel session w 3 yrs ago on social media & your boss + mtg good friend
RT : The are really being represented by the speakers at #cda11!
lol well worth it! they should play it on the jumbotron when he gets his # retired at Lambeau
#FF Jack Kevorkian died today. I'm sure he'll always be remembered for his oil paintings and his jazz flute.
Neutralizing doesnt mean everything is beige. Decorating tip for sellers: keep big things neutral, use color to accessorize.
thanks so much! Be sure to use the #ETC11 hashtag when tweeting from the conference :-)
The lasting inspirational benefits from Apollo continue to this day even though that project ended
my bad. Couldn't help myself.
I'm on a sea of moving emotion, tossed about like a ship on the ocean
Great question! I'm addicted to naps, but they have not apparent benefit for me.
can Bo get our zone offense squared away by Thursday? They struggle against average zones.
Inquirer wins Pulitzer Prize for public service
Have a sketched #painting ready to be finished for #etsy To see what I've already done #rustic #modern mix www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
hello there sweety that avi is hot
I don't quite get the big deal of Jim Nabors singing Back Home Again in Indiana at Indy 500. Is no one else capable of a stirring rendition?
sexiest thing alive!
Happy New Year! I'm operating at about 80% usual energy after bout w/ pneumonia, revamping habits and looking forward to a HEALTHY new year!
The Mav's goin to have play perfect to win this game
So many fun places!
Beauty agenda: 7th Makeup Show New York, 5th Hair & Beauty
It's all about diligent practice! We'll see you next Sunday :)
Proud of my little bro
Lost sentence regurgitated by albino pigeon: “They would stay the night, but on their own terms, in your pajamas, in your bed.” Anyone lose?
Your facebook store is looking nice. Is a facebook app powering it? Or is it custom? If custom, do you do this type of work? thx
Almost saw have a heart attack this morning when he left his tea outside the BBQ bus
Watchin freedom writers
watching the episode of the power rangers when the puddies turn people into cardboard cut outs. Impressively economical plotline.
i'll be at the house bro
guess its about time to change my twitter handle...
"I fell in my shape ups and sprang my ankle."
High school personalities.
#AskIL13 When is it appropriate to increase tax rates?
I'm taking care of you, precious.
: it was Ron Paul who left nails in the parking garage causing your fat.
They say good things can come from being downsized. Wouldn't have had time to make a cardamom spice cake for breakfast.
Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon. ~Doug Larson
you go dutlynn
I have the same name as my stepdad's cousin. Me: Stephanie Rene Garcia Stepdad's cousin: Stephanie Renee Garcia
So tired of internet marketer dudes bragging about how sloppily they make products for people...
. I can't. I'm beginning to wish evolution had never been invented! I mean, "discovered."
stop it! can't do nothing with hits like yours ;-)
Happy Mothers Day #bestmomevet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I dont think he means princess in the way you think RT : My teacher calls me princess, at least he knows his place
You know you're a young music business professional when your phone autocorrects emo to EMI.
me to . We are so big fans of you and we love ya
Guys who surf.<3
aw omg how cute im in love can i have it
Upright. I need pick up though because it can't lay flat:( Just thought of that. I need to use it tonight. Shoot!
lol Lets have a sesh today?
Happy birthday! Looking fwd to seeing what else you've got on that list!
#NeverTrustAGirl that can explain what lead paint tastes like
Uploading a sample of a new song today. check it out later:)
well once i go black...
is on fye da hottest Rapper in the nation
Modern classic RT : 4/8/12 rec: THE THIN RED LINE. Malick. Slow, lyircal war film. Perfect for a Sunday night.
They don't have a good enuff reason to. It has to be real to them 1st.
Appreciate the mention! Hope you're having a wonderful week Leslie :)
Picking up some musubi, kalbi and mac salad for the crew at L & L Hawaiian BBQ! Why does Aurora have L & L and Denver doesn't?!
“: they are playing BSB "shape of my heart" in Ralphs right now.” ... One of my favorite tweets of All Time.
will you comeback to Wwe? Please answer
happy writing!
I see Longoria is still being pummeled for his tweet last night lol
How is it that even when you don't overeat, Thanksgiving dinner leaves you feeling bloated?
Last year this tweet would have seemed uteerly ridiculous RT : Clippers. Grizzlies. Game. Seven. Enough said.
Dirk is on fire in the 3rd
Theres this girl named Becca and she means the world to me and I would be nothing without her
you too!
That Fake Head Wounds of Zimmermann could have been Fabricated and Staged after he was released and went Home from the Sanford Police
welcome to twitter Dave :-)
ya. Not going to the game but will be in Dallas.
The Blue Demons get it done 68-64. We're only half way through our day of hoops at #OSC2011 - Fairfield and Indiana State up next!
leaving in an hour. Putting key under plant on back stair. Thanks for looking after phoebe.
Today, my kindergarteners and I discussed the etiquette of farting
Just trimmed my mustache
thanks for all your hard work, we'll miss you, go get 'em at the next level!
umm, do you have your Jamboree ticket yet?
We roll like that! RT : Hah! That's the mark of true deliciousness.
hey !! I'm great. How are you ?
Dropping your #Mac off at the UPS Store for a repair is not a smart idea! Stop by either of our offices to speak to a tech about your case.
Great play! RT : Seeing my costar Annie Potts play After Math at the Matrix. I <U+2665> theater.
Follow , that dude knows sports. And he’s super good looking. We’re not saying that bc he’s our CEO (OK we are, but whatever).
Never leave something good to find something better, because once you realize you had the best, the best has found better..
Hi! Do you have an email address I can send you an announcement regarding the upcoming council elections, sir? Thank you!
lol on payne.
yeah we left pretty much right after that conversation
@ the Back Alley Blues Club in Baltimore about to throw down with Jazz Journey.
It ain't what you heard.. It's what you seen!
haven't drank since saturday
WTW. It's 430am and the line at security is so slow. Part of the reason I like to fly in the AM is that it's usually me & 4 other ppl.
My guess is the nfl has done a lot of negligent stuff with regards to concussions that is ripe for the picking in court.
johannesburg,south africa he's using precise bio/publicity photo for hip-hop marketing advice
“In the Studio,” Shasta Ventures' Rob Coneybeer Envisions An Internet Of Things - TechCrunch
Smiling doesn't necessarily means I'm happy. Sometimes, it just means that I'm strong enough to face problems.
Piers Morgan's interruptions are ruining the flow of your interviews...
Spent the day listening to great music by great friends. Thanks !
Will be trying out MLS Live streaming to my tv via 's awesome media computer. Technology is awesome.
I can't stop eating!
come over
Calamari - Is it best dipped in cocktail or tarter sauce?
uh no
this is crazy!! RT : holy mother of … reports saying Junior Seau killed himself
That is kind of close! You are going to have to come ride with us this summer.
#Dolphins draft key #6: Playing a drinking game whenever commentators say "What are they THINKING?" is a delightful way to pass the time.
YES!! : Is it obvious that I'm gonna win this season on the voice?
POLL: would you wear a Dirty Birds t-shirt with an artistic rendering of our faces, Britpop style? (Assuming it was well-done).
Just Got Word I've been nominated for another Daytime Emmys Award!!!
Feeling a little like a plastic bag drifting through the wind...I need to let my colors burst.
Congratulations to Jake Zadra, named to D3 all-district team. Hitting.367 and carrying 3.98 GPA in biology. 5th Eagle so honored this year.
Good to hear from you today, sorry it was one-sided. You visiting the city anytime soon? Clapp and I could get some #nando's 4u
Call us for all your water emergencies, We never close! 702-664-6910
Ha, that's hilarious.
oh why your welcome:) call me.
Tried instagram. Wasn't amazed. Am I missing something? It's like Flickr & all others. Just give me a billion bucks & stop it.
looks like ya do! & ikr? The nerve of this kid!
Sometimes I wish I could just be home schooled
Please excuse John for not being in school yesterday. He had diarrhea - the shits.
Want EXTRA CASH? *** My company is paying a $250 CASH referral fee for properties we put under contract!
Working on VO
Thanks also to the media who covered the #FrozenFour. Great local, regional and national coverage all week.
Well, that was an excellent candidate for Outstanding Drunk Tweet of the Day this fine St Patrick's holiday, don't you think?
At the watching the show. I'll be playing here on the 19th for the benefit
My new EXPRESS briefs are hella comfy ;)
The sound of that scares me...does that mean no more moves or just not an everyday 2B. Someone like Furcal/Carroll an option?
May still be recovering from all of the pork products and red wine. It was THAT good.
Hey if we got tickets to austin's concert how do we know of we were part of the first 400? :)
Profs Grunig referenced in almost all #prsaicon sesh. Too bad I didn't recognize their PR legacy when I was 19 & in their class
I'm scared of the things I see when I close my eyes.
Why do the mavs suck?!
Boys should NEVER wear jean shorts.. Never
Good news for mixed-breed shelter dogs!
Excellent. Quick recipe on the list.
I think President Snow is here. I think.
Buckle-up w/ ; Berlioz Requiem calls for 10 pair of timpani. Yes, really, oh and a dozen horns.
I think it's Zusi haircut time. Magic has run out.
I am bored
U can't be serious, Obama is a joke!!.: I couldn't agree more. You inspire us all, President Obama.
Listening to the Republican leadership talk about fiscal responsibility is like listening to a prostitute talk about chastity.
NO MONEY+NO HELP=TROUBLE
And in the near future, it might be me at more risk -- since every basketball player down to our walk-ons is going pro...
Why does sex have to make babies?
you are loving this too much!
alright I'll be lookin for ya peace n luv : )
All you need to know about the start of LA-Denver: Lakers just finished a 2-on-1 fastbreak with an oop from Gasol to Bynum.
the heat better come up wit a new game play cuz that shit was booty tonight
Yeah that tall guy with the weird, low voice who was the mail guy on Just Shoot Me. Cute movie!
lol, im down.
I have a friend like that..
preach sistah! “: “Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.” Goethe”
It's sort of like watching the tall clown in the circus, trying to do his bit with only one stilt.
Remember: Christ has given you power to go into every mans world bringing Jesus to people, be courageous!! You can do it!!
Information is the mortar that both builds and destroys empires.—Tobsha Learner
just loves her legit furry babies(: it is just so durn cute!
Special times ahead over ! We hope everyone has a productive day!!!
We are happy to welcome Irvine Pacific, Genesis Real Estate Group, Ashton Woods Homes, and Brookfield NorCal to the #newhomefeed family!
good luck sugah!!!!
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do, you apologize for the truth.
I am
#JustSoYaKnow Haters Gone Hate But It Take A Real Person To Ignore It All
Seriously ... plenty of intriguing baseball news, yet we're being force-fed the Posada non-story; he's a 39 yr old DH & hitting .165 !!!!
yo I only found this message today. Your Knick fan "sage and eggs" line was OUTSTANDING! Thanks for listening!
I totally wouldn't mind if you came to hang with us, Mana. ;)
Chipper burns Narveson with a 3-run homer. #brewers bats gotta get going here in #ATL - Weeks has whiffed like every time up this series
#cw09 G3 writing instruction and the world bank employees. woah.
I hated the way "Too Big To Fail" movie made Dimon look like a rock star. With Bill Pullman playing him, even! Oy, the writing.
Upgrading the Meter Intelligence (UMI) upcoming service by Intelen: how to raise existing AMR intelligence and connect existing AMR to Inte…
Fuck you KFC with your "we don't serve beef Burgers" and your "we don't accept £30 notes". The customer is always right!!
I sense an April Fools' Day prank :)
I'm just now seeing that tweet... Lol.. "its o.k., I'm mixed" Lolol
Kwanza is at breakfast, talking re his partnership w First Step Staffing, hiring their homeless clients as our office managers.
or michael douglas in falling down.
The is 5/5! Catch ALL the action on our HD TVs! #Derby Day is a big day for us, we recommend reservations for the Clubhouse!
Happy Halloween! Did anyone catch the costumes? So creative! What did you all think?
hi super beautiful girl who I definitely haven't seem all day;)
San Francisco with great friends...doesn't get much better than that!
I'm sorry.
I have pork tenderloins marinating, coleslaw chilling and potato/parsnip/onion baking. Planning on cooking beets later. enuf?
I need some green tea
Your Family Car is a Volkswagen Jetta?! - Chicago Tribune
a big day for the Quakers. Boys become number one seed with win and Girls advance to Finals, won 15 in a row. Ranked? whynot
Agreed. RT : The Empire Strikes Back is the best of the six Star Wars movies. Hands down!
Craving some pizza??? Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for a chance to win FREE pizza!! Winners announced weekly!
Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved
It isn't easy being me, but I wouldn't want to be anybody else.
#indubitably #indeed #quiteso #pippipcheerio It works!
S/O to my new follower DM for my music & give a S/O baack. & Follow him!!!!
Happy Belated birthday! :)
Getting ready to watch the live taping of Dancing with the Stars. Make sure to vote for and tonight!
NO. NO NO NO. STOP.
Hey Now
Badass for a day is ALWAYS worth the money and time!
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people may not regret divorce butthey limit self-pity, vengeance and spite.
we ordered some workout DVDs from amazon. They were sealed in plastic..seemed new. But don't work. Grr. That's what got stuck
me too! better see u!
im writing a nice letter right now hopefully itll work
Yall Notice When The Lakers Lose In The Play-offa They Lose Bad AF Last Year They Got Swept!
Psyched that a spot opened up for the / SEO meetup in Philly tonight.
My professor has said the phrase "lets do it quick and dirty" like 5 times in 2 classes. Kinda weird
lol u can't eat the news??!
In order to win, you must expect to win
OMG so much fun & fashionI luv the word "fashion".its pronounc-able even after 9 lemon drops woo hoo =)Twistii is the word.Hair is the world
whop whop. Will do. Remember they have to be FB friendly also. So whoever you take a pic of do headshots also.
I will run to the hiding place. (Aka my home in Colorado springs). Great weekend at Shoreline in Monterey, CA
Drink, to all that we have lost, mistakes we have made, everything will change, but love remains the same
u can meet at FirkinFest on July 23rd. I won't bite
Dis dude was playin the kinect and his son punched him in da dick dude fall down lil boy said " DIDNT I TELL YOU IM HUNGRY " lol
Consumers given wider access in purchasing cell phones - The Korea Herald
Oh even greater. Mark Kotsay
early voting begins May 14. Thanks!
Yes, of course I realize. I only tweet about serious relationships...like the ones we have with our sporting interests.
thank you so much!
on the bus witcho girl lmao
This bitch ass really piss me the fuck off !
RT : RT : I have autism and I'm a college graduate. I'm proud of that. :)
Goodnight world or morning....or April. Whatever it is, I'm getting real physical with my bed!
Nap? Yes, I do agree.
i am going to watch the movie the stepfather the new movie
shut up u know I keep it 100 I gee for the lil nigga n my gangsta voice
whaddup fellow geek!! Love it!
Isn't an agnostic just an atheist without balls? Stephen Colbert
Me and Briana have a song in mind for xfactor, but I'm thinking next season...
pretty good, crazy busy with school and work but I'll get a break in a couple of weeks, how about u?
FREE Concert: 6pm tomorrow #HangingThread plays our Lake Stage, Crazy Rib Man fires up the grill, and of course our Award-winning wines.
Is anything I'm doin brand new?
"unlock" is a word that only locksmiths should use in their taglines
"Things happen for a reason, just believe.."
YOU ARE SUCH A FREGGIN' ROCKSTAR!
the Mingei is storing theirs in boxes, not strung. so there'd be a stringing process prior to each batch
Need to change account name from AlysEdwards to... Need a new Twitter acct name. Any ideas? TileDiva????
Me too!
welcome to my world!!! miami was crazy!!!!
When is Dag more appropriate than Dang?
Eden Lounge is off the chain DMV!!! Every Friday, Eden Fridays Happy Hour. Fabulous!!
Currently, liv'n a dewd, rock'n the cup.
RT Sounds like #Illinois House panel laying groundwork to oust #DerrickSmith for not answering questions about charges.
Weather like this calls for Al Fresco dining, AM Wine Shoppe-style! AdMo, Celery Root Salad, and an Arancita. Yes please.
gurl I already follow you!
Hell, even an Account Exec could beat Leaders and Legends!
Baby you light my world like nobody else
On my way to "The Rhythm Room" to demo some new songs/tracks to my engineer and producer Peter Carey!
no lunch time today. But, visiting would be easier for me.
It's okay Pacers are the better "team"
still at 5 and trinity? I sing a mean Eternal Flame and I want to find you.
Kids are so weird <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> always saying the most random things hahahah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Wow ! 3 Yankee players dropped out of the All Star Game ! Y'all ain't all that special. I find that disrespectful
#BlackWednesday is upon us....No plans? Join us & Bottles? Parties? DM us to book your celebration today!
We won our heat at the Grape Stomp. We'll see if we have what it takes to give dad and Brian a challenge in the semi-finals.
265 channels and nothing good on TV
great news! RT : Jason Wu is the next Target designer collaboration.
Jack and jill went up the hill so jack could lick her candy but jack got a shock and mouth full of cock cuz jills real name is randy
I DISAGREE THAT YOU HAVE TO SELL YOUR SOUL JUST TO MAKE IT.... SMH... AINT SELLING MY SOUL FOR #PARTYRIOT .. ILL WORK #HARD than PLAY
soy rocio:p
look at the photographer you've become.
Atlanta Hawks jump out to an early lead 9-0 against the Bulls, the Hawks playing solid defense so far
hear hear!
Uh, does that mean all the screen shots in your book are now obsolete?
#Gemini season in 3 weeks.....the best sign!!! I mean it's 2 of us so why not!
Snap your ass back in to reality hoe you ain't on #jerseyshore so don't act like a #DTF KINDA of bitch
Great job by singing the National Anthem ! Now, let's play ball!
Six flags <3
If my wife finds out, she
but if they don't not comprehend then its redundant.
OMG my face in this picture is definitely just going to scare him instead
come with it!
Only best friends can play with a balloon for an hour and still have fun(:
When is GoDaddy going to add the "No Fuck You" button to sales cart add-ons?
All festival attendees will get a $4 off coupon for ! RT if you're excited to tour the museum.
the date on tweets is the date u tweet it not the date it was first tweeted
I honestly can't remember the last time I've worn real clothes? Norts and a tee everyday.
IT'S NOT FUCKING OKAY. BULLYING IS NEVER OKAY. GET THAT THROUGH YOUR THICK SKULL.
;; I just had to walk like 7 miles , and I'm still freakin walkin
obama didn't grow up christian and I'm in the process of learning about it, but I still don't see any problem,
irealb is the best fakebook solution for a jazz musician. write out chord charts, easily import fakebooks. cheaper than a realbook
Ahh.. sorry about that. Good thing you're tweeting though and not tied up in a trunk or something
Love the Fab Finds! www.lebury.com Check us out!
Hella Projects To Finish Up.<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Nfl Draft! Go Pack Go get Nick Perry!!
High 5! RT : introduced and to this morning on the way back to Tigertown....
you can literally just down the pee fast and be alright, the semen will creep down the glass
I have a Giggs, and I got one with my nickname on the back of it for christmas.
Yes, we carry the entire Paul Mitchell line.We may not have the product in a set, but it's Buy2,Get1 FREE, right now!
I'm pretty sure you can look on your phone without kneeling down. -___-
Mention me if u want a txtn buddy
A small bald man was pan-handing in the subway. Then, he suddenly began to meow at me. Kenneth, I just don't understand the frequency.
#soyuz has a precious cargo :) ... #Boricua on board.. LOL
Just woke up and already thinking about a nap before I get ready for work. Haha. Time to move around.
hm I'm stumped on Q3
am going to go shop around on Friday and just wanted to see what time you'd be there...<U+E057>
We've got an anthropologist involved, but only because I married her first.
Who else watches Million Dollar Listing? As I said before, you can learn a lot from the show!
Thanks 4 the Mention!
I can also say I was the only girl in my advanced math classes in high school and I was regarded as insane.
you should just post more though :3 cos it was like perfect
Of course
GO KOMETS! Time to win the cup tonight!
In 1975, the first United States National Marine Sanctuary was established: the Monitor National Marine Sanctuary!
THE WIZ is still the best movie I've ever seen.
I started a new one RT : that app sucks!!! Why does it always do that?!? Grr
Happy New Year! And Happy 2012!
I wrote a son about my son who has autism. You can download it for free at www.harkerwolfley.com I hope you find it inspiring.
Yeah, we won't be seeing Aroldis Chapman with the if he throws like that.
And I'm pretty sure they have that authority.
Is there a "revert back to the gmail that doesn't give me eye strain" option?
Step one: stand next to a road.
Awesome. I mentioned that yours was an inspiration for ours.
thanks for a great event tonight.
I smile every time I c a call or a text come thru. Don't know if I should be feeling this way this soon. I can only see what happens*scared*
Broken Hook Bitter and Testy Trout IPA ready for MCN silent auction. Be prepared.
We follow anyone who hashmarks
Getting kind of amped for the new season of #TrueBlood to start...
You bewitched me, body and soul, and I love you...Pride and Prejudice
what the f--k
'd rather have Brockers. He's the one that reminds me of Seymour/Haynesworth
LMFAO just working like Mexican lol... But right now i'm down some paper work to go back to school :)
lol how's your family taking it
Happiest birthday ! Here's to a lifetime of success! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
18 days left!!
RT : But I say, walk by the Spirit, and you will not gratify the desires of the flesh. (Galatians 5:16 ESV)
That's a very nice space. Have a productive day.
Starting the morning off with a grilled cheese sandwich and some Fresh Prince of Bel-Air... No telling what this day will bring
I blame dis shit on bosh how Da fuck u get injured
Come on Ducks... you can do it.....
I love when that happens!
I take MORE crap from people than I should...
If you get a tweet from me that seems not business related, just go with it. I always forget to switch accounts.
I need strength to get through these next few weeks. This not my month.
Bike riding to work again. So invigorating!
sushi with my big brother :)
I agree, the refs are not gonna give the Niners any breaks today.
I'm very close to pulling the trigger!
Bitch Im Moving On Up!! While Yall Seeing The Same Shyt Yall Was Seeing 3 Years Ago!!
i definatly will! :)
Omg here comes the talk -_____-
The Hounds Below are killing it!
wouldn't be the first time xD are you challenging me?
The sun is shining, birds are chirping, people are smiling, and I just got 11 hours of sleep
If my baby come out ugly, she/he gonna know how to hag, know how to dress n have high self esteem.
Remington Capital Can 'Bridge' Your Loan Requirements.Banks aren't your best bet. Traditional lenders aren't known for being quick.
Hi Dwane :) They went out in the mail on Wednesday so you should be getting them soon
Happy Bday Big Boyy! What's the word for tonight?!
Love Toyota reinvent spot. especially poopless baby.
Currently in first place w my bracket in our office pool.
RT : Nothin better than waking up to the voices of the ones u love..good morning..,hav a blessed and beautiful Sunday
College Sweethearts Find Love Again After 60 Years Apart, Marry In Their 80’s
And the hush falls over the audience for #TDKR trailer . . . Then cheers, applause, can't wait for that movie!!
YAWN. STRETCH. SMILE.
BIW celebrates their annual Xmas event in Notts tonight. More importantly has Woking or Nottingham won the inter office 5'a'side match?
#Dinnertime! Gotta do burritos!
Craziest day at work ever..... that's an understatement. This suppose to be my day off
I come in handy on occasion! You should sign up for the weekly Duotrope newsletter, too. New markets, contests, etc.!
Page says: "Already invited? We've temporarily exceeded our capacity. Please try again soon." Hope it opens soon.Thanks Sherree!!
Apparently riding your bicycle after being inactive for a couple of months is not the best idea...
and ballers going to ball #Wayne .lol
RT : A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. ~Nelson Mandela
I changed the speed of my mouse, now I feel like i’m watching a puck during a hockey game—just with an arrow…
thank u Benny!
and when you think you like it, i promise you gonna love it
Prepping for Fridays Westword's Best of The West! Shaving our backs for better aerodynamics and eating as much chili as possible!
Kiss me I'm drunk
Keep on tweeting the hashtag for a better chance to win! Good luck! :)
Be a #thriller but not a (whos) bad gurl!
Are you tired of scrubbing your own pool? Cleaning the filter? Scooping out leafs? Call Aloha Pool Care to the rescue!
I can be a bitch too.
Insomniacs UNITE
so many jokes about killing kittens ("bullet points kill kittens") and mentions of drupal (even though mostly to note how useless it is).
Bilas 4 president RT: As expected, Bilas tops President Obama in the Bracket Challenge. Commander-of-Swag beats Commander-in-Chief.
bad day bad month bad year
Thank You :D!
okay! Just making sure!(:
Employers should have faith. The social media PW topic is a hot one lately!
#Youwannaimpressme then come to our #BlacklightPartyOct22 in Dallas w/ and show me your dance moves!
Ball: "[Knowing and doing] enough is a journey, not a destination."
SHOT OUT to for ALL your entertainment needs they do it ALL...FOLLOW THEM
these girls be flexxin talkin bout sucking dick and eating pussy knowin damn well that they get scared in real life #toosoon?
BUT I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW THAT I WAS FLIRTING WITH YOU. Fuuuck.
perlaza scores first goal!!!!!!!
Very interesting column AP.Your point is well taken about blocking.Maybe newer fans need more offense.I like the blocks myself.
Hello. Have a great weekend
The next time I see a computer I'm deleting my twitter. It's just unhealthy now.
Try a at #TeenLifeLIVE NYC to "nourish your mind to support calm, focused thinking with enhanced memory function". Register today!
O Holy Night, The Giving Season, Only --- More Shopping Days,
where in Wisconsin?
came out with 55 different color washes for their skinny jeans, my 5 favorites: Chalk, Silver Sage, Sphinx, Tapenade, Violet Blue
I have stories for you for tomorrow! Haha
if I'm ever employed, this summer/fall/next year I am going BUCKWILD with music festivals/events
No sleep in two days. #insomniafail -- no sleep in the fluffy Hyatt bed is a crime :(
Eventful night to say the least...
Awhh I love waking up to birthday voicemails <U+E056> Love my friends <U+E32A>
The full run of Pakistan Forum is on JSTOR
thanks for the intro to !
happy birthday bro(: Hope it's a great day:D
They don't distribute their brews this far west but I would love to have it!
Look forward to hearing #DrewRosenhaus on #60Minutes explain how "NFL will fall apart without him"....should be interesting!
Q6 In walking cities, could they bolt laptops on a cart and take the computer part of the lib to the streets like a hot dog stand?
What a long week. I can't wait to be at in a few minutes drinking with my friends
Glee just got to real for me we with puck failing and Rachel choking
Thanks, Justin!
Thx for the shout out!
°o° Watching Neil Patrick Harris perform at #wdw Candlelight Processional - even with horrible 6-deep standing-room-only it's awesome!
“: Aaron Craft best defensive perimeter and maybe all around in college ball!” Hahahahahahah
#ItsAwesomeWhen my mom asks to come into my therapist sess and she makes it sound like she's perfect...
3 year anniversary party announcements coming this week!
WATCHiN MOB WiVES ^.^
all you tweet about or tweet to is :D he is pretty cool though...:D
TEA & HONEY & CHEERINESS :) ... and sleep
Done for the night
: S/o Happy Birthday bro!
Any negativity, regardless of if you think someone deserves it, is a reflection of the individual releasing it.
Even the weather knows its finals week.
Yo...on some real shit.... New Jersey Drive>>>>>>
Awww, I will! Thank you!
I feel like I should have a box of tissues for each episode of
Yeah! Finished cutting Spring leaves for my pretty glass tree! Gluing next, photo update, then on to Summer!
What happened to your back?!
I spend a lot more time & energy on CDs flaws than Dems probs. His are much more significant.
amazing poetry
Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. -Marilyn Monroe
they're supposed to be a great brand. Let me know how you like them, been thinking about a new pair since my Saucony's are old.
Your Welcome!! Hope you have fun today! :)
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical - 490. 482 calories burned.
WISHING I WAS THAT LUCKY GIRL THAT WOULD RT AND FOLLOW BACK:( BUT WONT EVER HAPPEN BUT JUST INCASE I HOPE YOU SEE THIS ALEX
so it seems. It baffles me that folks put their @ on a biz card or e-sig and then are 'protected'. Sends a bad signal to me.
It's hard to tweet from Afghanistan! Hope to find a better way to make this happen.
#BELIEVE Is going to be amazing ! Ill be the one who's first in line. : )
Looking for a nonprofit position working with one of these areas: Volunteer Coordinator, Youth Leadership, Development, or Walk Coordinato…
“: I hate giving niggas the satisfaction of fucking me just because I enjoy the sex.” <--- but we love you for it!!
that I am! Good ol Long Island..
starting my masters degree today. Let's do this.
#CrossEyedNipples is trending...which of my former lovers let the cat out of the bag?!
OccupyMN is back-- where will they be and what are they protesting now?-- you can find out at 8:30 on
I love making a good ol' hearty din din for the family! They don't have to say they love it, the clean plates tells it all!
sweet I'll look into it, thanks!
Hello there! Look forward to working with you on upcoming #Schoology projects!
You should travel in to give us a try.
“: u asked, i followed. thanks. btw, is it rude to call a trumpeter a blow-hard?” depends if it before or after a gig ;-)
I'm working with Andre and to update all the social networking, can you send me a DM to get in touch?
thanks for the trophy!
im chillin keepin busy how u
Turns out my 8th grader is not too cool to dress up as Frida Kahlo for an art history presentation! Hooray for her beauty and bravery!
If there are Chaco Tacos, why aren't there ice cream enchiladas or ice cream burritos?
Russell Brand is divorcing from Katy Perry after 14 months of marriage. "Oh no! I was sure they would stay together forever!" said no one.
#free daily download of "Bandit of Love" by Jenny Dee & The Deelinquents
Bet that kitchens hot.
Buildings consume 40% of energy transportation 28%
If you could achieve any one goal in your life within 24 hours, which goal would have the greatest impact? Health? www.healthfacts4all.com
Get psyched for ND-USC next Saturday night!
thank you lord for an awesome year:) lets make this next one better:)
"my back, my back" oh nm I'm okay. Gonna run back out here now. :-|
Great googly moogly! Watching cartoons with my neighbor Ayana.
has spent the summer reading scripts by the pool and drinking mojitos, resulting in an exciting fall and winter season to come!
#lies that we can't afford every single person in this country, is unfounded. It's there for all who stop living the lie and accept
before i go can we just all take a moment to admire how sexy looks in my icon
We will be posting some new videos later today!
Loving the new secretary.
I'm thankful for my family and friends and country music and just everything I got
oh, i'm putting that on the list. Never would have thought to look.
"Release the kraken!" -President Obama
I hate people who put on fronts to fit in & wanna be bad but around they peoples they ain't shit!!
Going to Austin for stuff to make the next custom leather guitar strap.
thanks for the follow arynn! i like how you spell your name!
Completely understandable. Thanks for the consideration! Good luck w/ the new school year!
Don't be jealous of My Boogie! RT you 2 need to get off twitter its to early
No pics & No followers= Fake page
OK Gov on May 8 signed law directing agencies and higher-ed to achieve 20% improvement in energy efficiency by 2020.
I just learned the word peroration. Thanks, !
I enjoyed seeing him escorted out. What a tool.
#QuoteThis if #Butler keeps it close. They will out play #Florida in the end and make it to the
already following you! follow me back!
Sophia, Isabella and Emma top baby girl names in country. Country apparently living in Jane Austen novel.
No problem. -- LA, for the most part.
See you both there!
Hey, I think it's weak that you banned me from posting on Engadget because I called you a hipster. Unblock me!
Hell Yeah ! U already know.but aye i work at wendys now
I love being in the big room for the keynote. I'll probably get in line before 8am and make it.
I won't be watching bc I have to study LOL #fU <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
that was quick
It's hard to let go of people who mean so much to you but sometimes it's necessary to promote growth in both parties.
Why the fuck is this man talking about voting. We can't fucking vote.
having some friends over.(: , , Bailie.<3
Exactly Germs Much Something I Simply Do Not Play With
Depressed because of this book <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> this book had nothing happy in it at all lolol it just kept getting more depressing and more depressing<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
thanks for getting threw my long drive...can you put on some
As much as I want to do things my way and take matters into my own hands...I'm keeping my peace...I'm going to keep still...and it works!
I know but she thinks that we are all around the same age and them maybe a year younger xD
We think this coming Tuesday is the real #SuperTuesday bc it's your first chance to catch #LOSTINYONKERS! Previews start 3/13
get those new clubs out!
A determined soul will do more with a rusty monkey wrench than a loafer will accomplish with all the tools in a machine shop
hell yea Cash Is That Nigga he deff did his shit wit it
RT Warped Tour in two months. Get stoked.
Agreed! RT : I could drink the Wild 5 Amber sour ale all night.
Much fun was had and much more fun to come
let's go sometime please:]
JESUS SLAPPED YOLO IN THE FACE!
for sure! will let you know when i touch down :)
I say lets boycott America's got talent which is British owned as the joke it is boycott the sponsors and Howard
#LAMHarvard LAM fourth entity: metadata aggregator. SChapman How do we turn this into an opportunity?
Are you coming to Portland on tour? And was right, you were fantastic during the National Anthem during Playoffs.
I fucks wit all of them they get it in !!!!
It takes a bold man to wear pink gingham shirts. Cheers to you cta man...
Love that the 1st convo of the day with is an argument because locked us both out of our account because of login error
....coming in around 1 pm or 2p tues. never heard FROM DD or Ty? U around?
Just had a good swim, stretch and core body burn. Try bringing your workout to the pool and you'll never get bored of your exercise routine.
I 'liked' your page- love your clothes. That fitted daisy skirt is so pretty!!
That show would only be improved if Flavah Flav had to choose from Ice Truckers!
The nigga missed
Pls follow amazing actress, in May on & coming soon new movie #LeftTurn w/actors from
Sucks then that Im not musically inclined... ;-)
same here. i'm still watching the news :-/
Do you make 100 % of your income from photography? And what % of your clients say your web site brought them to you?
Enjoy 's new show... It's very reminiscent of my early-20s experience... charming, funny & clever. Even my guy watches & laughs.
why do you say ok after every tweet lol ok
Does this phone thing work?
"Can we go see Titanic 3D? No homo"
Peace Organizations around the world UNITE!
Truest statement I have heard all week. A lot of times its about interpreting advice from multiple points.
no I'm not
It's 3:00 and still can't sleep!
Can I have some? Got some student loans to pay
only way to Bee.
The Believe Tour starts next week apparently. why aren't we going?
Its always playing basketball
funny thing about all this stuff today is that it's easily the best press she's ever gotten, and will help her career immensely
On to the 2nd and it's tied at 1.
Mike, Rand Paul is not going to be the VP pick under any circumstances.
RT : Q4: #MAMAVATION MOMS WILL BE GETTING IN A MINIMUM OF 10K STEPS PER DAY. HOW DO U GET ADDITIONAL STEPS IN?
hide it again and see if he thinks it is funny...8-)
Gettin my hair done....
Got my spring game ticket
So this time, I finally will put my foot down. I'm tired of hearing their crap about how that person hurt them. Guess what?
I guess I'm being to much of a burden on my parents.
I went back to the first blog you wrote & just read them all - WOW. Thanks for sharing the pain & frustration.
Buffalo had a big win tonight too!
Have a great weekend, Supertweetah! (the man of titanium with the Bawsthun accent).
thanks for the heads up - I think I fixed it, but I'll check again tomorrow.
Good morning from the #NURFC #Cincinnati. What will you do today to #FantheFlame?
Paris mtgs going well. Saw some old friends from Tokyo, interestin<U+200B>g Nike event last night (incl<U+200B> good music, of course!), n slept well!
Look at the correlation between political ideologies, wild conspiracy theories, and spelling ability...just saying - missed
why am I up this late?!
"if it was 4 hours before my wedding and I looked like that I'd have a conipshit"... I'm in tears
I've been in strong like ... It sucks “: Being in love with two people seems complicated af. Hope that never happens to me :/”
RT : couldn't have killed my erg test today w/out delicious start: #highperformance food from the farm!
I most def need a tan
Im just waiting for you to give me some pointers!!
Lmao like I said I can swim underwater ')
#ThingsIHateInTheMorning...waking up before the SUN! That should be illegal somehow!
awesome show tonight at UCB theater, really funny kept me laughing at all times, good job.
Well, that makes two of us then. The backlash starts here!
oh nice. have any snow yet?
"I hate living in braddock absolutely hate it nobody fuckn delivers to dis place ugh" you know this been like that 4 years lol
North County manhunt - PD looking for a man suspected of shooting his pregnant, teenage gfriend through the stomach - killing her and baby.
RT Props to for calling out #FGC sexism on CC Live without "sky is falling" rhetoric. Let's fight like gentlemen!
Sipping on cognac enjoying the evening with th kids....and amazed
congrats to gary harris on Mr. Basketball...idk why your leaving the state to play tho...smh
lies! you said she was smart
as part of our travel show i ma very interested in doing a show on oklahoma & its native american history. the u.s. is a beautiful country.
idk I guess I was hungry lol.
yeah he is, need to get some goals in this period!!
"My wife can sleep wherever but I want my two dogs by me"- guy at dealership
HA! RT : #astronomyPickUpLines Are you dark energy? 'Cause you're making my expansion accelerate....
i want to follow me!:(
shrimps on the barbi?
Happy Anniversary William & Kate! Cheers to many more years of happiness and love!
finally (!) made it out to open mike Monday at Lestat's. So much talent out there, including great songsters and a sword swallower.
Excited for #sdsms to get started this morning!
i need somethin lucky do go down so i can get out this funk
Is this kid still talkin ?
rap but not hardcore
They Say The Sky Is The Limit But How ? #Biatch I'm MOON WALKIN' !
Is anyone out there working with 5d mkII files in Avid Media Composer 4?
I'll continue to defer to your expertise :) I constantly refer people to your site. Always happy to collaborate with you.
Congrats also to on her dean's recognition award too!
Wait, did I just tweet that swooning out loud? Oops, sorry.
Good Morning Everyone! :-)
Glendale Community College! That piano was definitely used! Awesome idea that needs to be done again.
Seriously??? Cloud bought 11 tickets at a SpeedStop. "My 401(k) is worth so little. My only chance to retire is Mega Millions," he says.
Called T-Mobile re unsolicited text spammer charges; they say burden is on me to reply STOP, per FCC. My research shows this to be bogus.
A sweet girl!
Thank ME?! You're the ones with the raviolo, ricebeans and endive salad! Thank YOU! RT : thank you!"
Training schmaining! You are going to tear it up! cc
If my skin was at least one shade lighter, I would totally dye my hair platinum blonde.
Who's going to Magic in Vegas?
“: Sometimes you got to accept the fact that certain things will NEVER go back to how they used to be.”
Tip 2 for conference prep from "Don't forget to bring notes on those specific organizations you want to engage"
I hate u chelsea
Dirty Joke Alert: "How do you make your wife scream for 2 hours after sex? Wipe your d**k on the curtains." For more follow
Agreed RT : is about his business, one of the hottest artist in the game.
Kyle Lohse and Bob Feller mentioned in same breath. Alert the Mayans.
"A righteous man may have many troubles, but the Lord delivers him from them all." Psalm 34:19
I promise i don't have any fucks to give.
has a high school shadow...that poor kid will learn nothing...
Thanks Matt!! RT : Shoutout to my friends <- great sports fans who give back to their community.
My how times flies - exactly 5 yrs ago right now I had butterflies in my stomach and was about to lead my 1st ever food tour.
i'll be back believe me i can't go all season without going to a saints game..i'm regretting the decision i made to move to fl
fOLLOW FRIEND AND GET FOLLOWED RUSH
"If they don't love it they hate it well get yo hate on n**!"
Social Media Distortion
What's the best drink to have during the game of the century?
Full House<U+2665>
Bullying sucks.
A fire-damaged house can be very dangerous. It may be structurally unsound. If it is, the fire department will not allow you on the site.
U cannot beat California weather.
Who do you think will win the SuperBowl?
I'd kinda like to see a comic book movie in which hundreds of innocent bystanders die horrible deaths. It's just weird when they don't.
So coach is bouncing back on Friday?
Thanks for #listing #WritingEditing /marketers-techies !
my movie name would be
#everyoneisanartist MSG ( is all over the place)
Nice bulb. How about warranty of this item? With so many LEDs, heat sink is a problem.
yes, sir.
I'd rather be hated by a lot of people instead of being ignored by the person who means the most to me.
Haven't seen Mizzou play in awhile...impressive. Could be a good play in early rounds (16-8-1 as Fav this season, 7-3 as dbl digit Fav)
I'm crying out of pure frustration right now.
#kids Endangered Species Day: Endangered Species Day from Saturday, May 19, 2012 at 11:00 AM to Saturday, May 19, 2012 at 3:00 PM Dallas...
Been out with a cold. Back now. How about that Reagan Library Debate? Republican debate on a liberal news station with liberal hosts???
should join Indy as an engine supplier, Who Agrees?
thanks so much! those two are adorable, my god!
It's always fun to have my bags searched at the airport. The small airports are definitely more thorough. And the pilot carried my bags!
who has time to beef? i got too many things to worry about! atl, denver, minnesota, memphis, mia are what im focused on this summ
Gettin my hair cut
I should have screenshot my Bob Dylan #drawsomething it was frickin legendary.
I heard that Prince actually had a really terrible New Years Eve in 1999. After all that anticipation and pow! Food poisoning.
What's your e-mail Bobbi? Been trying to get a hold of you for a booking.
RT : I am a Conservative: People, in fact, do "choose to be poor" when they choose to do the stupid things that make and...
Just Lyrics Open Mic and Poetry Jam this Thursday from 7 to 10.
thanks for the follow Joe! Take care.
Hopefully we'll see you in Indy at the end of the month!
Glad you like it!
I'll take them off your hands
seeing change thru Don's eyes allows me to see the other side of change that i cant grasp in the present
Noreen Evans Stop taxing California is broke We are broke and over taxed your programs don't work keep fire and police cut the rest
With the success of the Avengers film, here's hoping they "finally" make a Sleepwalker film.
Yea! Figured out how to add categories to my store, now I need to figure out how to add the items to the category.
That would b nice, but I'm far from the beach :(
Dem constituencies don't have 'hobble the Federal govt.' as an objective the way Repubs do.
Fun night of tennis & chicken fingers at BNP Paribas Showdown. Go Sharapova!
“Broken Vines” Supporting Actress – Sophia Angelica will singing and interviewed on Good Day New York on July 4th.
CALL ME
S/O to and my new teammates at Bellarmine in the Fall
thank you. I will keep u posted on my new songs. <U+E40A>
I'm on www.netvibes.com This is a very cool RIA,.
#imagine Austin:the world is full of beautiful things but not as beautiful as you<U+2665> *kisses you passionately* -anna
Hey troll face (: He wasn't Indian. :O His best friend's so much better sorry. He's cuter. J-J
A group og us should just get together and throw big citywide bashes.
sfjazz collective rocked a packed herbst theater last night. standing ovation for their originals and stevie wonder arrangements.
I have an idea
Position open for a senior doc attorney for top financial firm to act as head for corp trust trans grp.
This is hands down the smartest thing you have ever said.
In her hair and her walk in her legs in her talk in her smile in her eyes in her air in her thigh, In her story, I wanted I
shot aerials in the north county recently. Matt, the pilot at Civic Helicopters did a good job getting us into position.
Paul Reid, author of the forthcoming The Last Lion, Defender of the Realm is tweeting . Follow him.
Never had a team growing up in #Baltimore, spent two years living in #Phoenix and working with/closely to the #Yotes. Fell in love.
I'm definitely not proud of myself
My love of pizza really can't be overstated.
let's go Idalou Wildcats. Does Peat think we will Repeat!
show me love
let me talk to them and see whats crackin!
Wow...Pats lookin' good right now.
So difficult just to GET on the boat -- had to actually push hands off the ladder just so I could climb aboard
Eli just needed big bro to take a year off to become his own man.
Day one is down; broken arrow, broken sword, broken battle axe. No broken bones or spirits. So far, an #indiefilm success!
"Just as companies now compete on quality, communities will too." Collaborative Economics
•| FOLLOW & RETWEET |• for a chance to win a $100
The feeling like a part of me is missing
#YOLO is for ppl who make decisions off emotions before reality catches up.
I love Chicago! I lived and worked there for 6 years and met my husband there! Great city.
Break out the #golfclubs Time to shine 'em up boys. #canucks Congrats on another good season
I'm freezing to death in the warmth of your arms. You're wasting my charms.
thanks for following us !!!
#4: Plan for effective & frequent communications. Create #CRM comm plan. ID key leaders, msgs, timing, ownership. Tailor your msgs.
We will follow the "advise" of people rather than word of God.
In a little over a month , my mommy will be seeing me graduating. And i can't wait to hug her again <U+E056> Happy Mothers Day
Until friday i will be in a bad mood
Things that are exciting and frightening at the same time: graduating and starting a family. At the same time.
TONIGHT, ESPY'S AFTERPARTY @ PLAYHOUSE WITH SPECIAL GUEST DJ JERMAINE DUPRI!!
We have top men working on it. TOP men.
I need to complete 2/3 questions, prepare for my flight tomorrow, and start on homework before the #Pirates tonight. Busy busy busy!
Frustrated... Again.
<3 Chris Rock!!
Know thine enemy...it may be yourself and your view of the world.
#Scandal is off the hook! They're not playing tonight!
"celebrate life on this planet and all its capacities"
nothin' looking for a domewhere to live :/
Time to focus. Vacation is over
Good AC in the apt+ refund check+ernesto's pizza= cool, happy, fat kid.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
We'll see though. It's not like the franchise has good luck with first through third round picks.
i just had a break up can i get a replay to make not kill myself.
the world continues to shrink! It was a pleasure to work with the team to plan the concept.
that was the term used in the GOPs presentation!
you and the crew dne with jersey shore ? lol
thanks for the RT's today! Great sessions at the conference.
Saturday night, watching kick it on
thanks for coming!!
I would like to go on Sunday to see Brand New. *cross my fingers* This Good Robot will be playing sunday!
You could tell that BOTH Jason and Sam wanted... more. But that they're struggling to bridge the gulf between them.
I thought you didn't like them?
Nobody ever gets me, nobody ever will.
At the gate ready to board. Flight leaves at 720. All of our seats are scattered. Tired ha. Getting excited.
#Wranglers lead the Kelly Cup Series Finals 1-0
I need you here with me
Tablet computers that don't have GPS can still be tracked with apps that use Wi-Fi hot spots for tracking.
“: Well it's clear Herb Dean is sleeping with Figueroa. 2 points for biscuit shots...He mad.” first time ever seen that :0
TOMORROW! Backseat Goodbye, Goot, and more! $10, Rochester American Legion @ 5:30. Be there!
dude. Just had feeling we needed to bag those goals wholesale.When City got 2, you could feel it coming
Good morning! #Oscar night!
mhm! Biffle is pretty awesome! But I am definitely a girl all the way!! :) :)
"In love she is always winning" What?
Yes actually, but we need help with the programming. It depends when has time....
"Yo , my VDay guilty pleasure movie is Sleepless in Seattle."
Merging two company’s does not happen overnight. It takes time for adjustments to be made and for everyone to acclimate to a new situation.
tweet tweet caroline!
RT I hate when someone doesn't respond to me but can talk to others
I'll see what I can do.
I've been a long time Palm fan and that fandom just got stronger today.
RT iF i Be Messin With You (Girls)
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 5, 2012 Inside GET-THIN The obesity empire built by Julian and Michael Omidi comes under scrutiny
Yeah, right? Tony's getting funny!
DTRO CEO Discusses the Roa... 1005# you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP address. Please wait 24 hours.
6 year old apparently killed after jumping out of his moms suv when she pulled over to talk to the mailman. Child locks aren't just for cops
I dig spotify, but haven't paid to use it from my phone.
I am thinking diversely Ryan, no need to be specific, anything that wasn't tradition theatre years ago
Don't bother me. I'm living happily ever after.
Hanging out with , , and for bday party!
haha at that point it's like "watch me not be so forgiving on your ass when it kick it!!!"
I need to buy two kids from somebody for my taxes. And I need to get on somebody insurance male/female. Real talk get at me
Even tho that 3hr nap i took after work was amazing ...now i cant sleep!
w/ Settle (Epitaph Records) this Thursday 8/6 @ The Factory in Rochester - Kevin Devine afterparty - $5 or free w/ stub - 10pm - all ages!
Where'd all this #snow come from!? Crazy how the weather here changes at a moments notice!
so true! hehe RT #phrasesthatdriveyounuts "Let's take a listen." (used by news commentators)
RM theory? There is such a thing?
how many waters can I drink & smuggle out from Lexus today?
“Never look back unless you are planning to go that way.” ~Henry David Thoreau
45 minutes until we announce the Mendeley-PLoS Binary Battle Apps for Science winners. 5PM GMT / 9AM PST
Im tired , slept only 3 hours -_- .
The 1st behind the scenes blog on my fitness shoot with Laura Wright has been published to www.brandonphotos.com. Check it out now!
omg I'm such a big baby I would've cried lol
Hehe;)) and I don't know why he isn't in, I don't think she was allowed to tell me?:)
The rains continue, with the clouds hovering day after day. Is this really San Diego?
Hope he's mindful of the tons of people that are relying on his forum to sell WSOP action
You're most welcome!
brilliant! my kids are older, but i remember those days!
My sister's a fucking psyhcopath i swear.
u eat my food and the murder case will become the next casey anthony trial
999...Guess who I just ran into here in Washington DC?
Yeah but I have to go to school anyways.
lmaoo everyday of my life :)
Spring Break! Hope everyone has safe travels and a fun week off!
Largest Scentsy order in the world?
hear Field Recordings composer w/ Jason of + tonight in NYC!
S/O to my homie u killed it last night man! Salute
WE appreciate the follow! You've got a great web site w/ lots of interesting resources.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves
In Pixley with my #dying Grandpa Fred O'Conna Johnston, 86 yo March18. Says "I just need to know someone's there." Camped by his bed.
Woo don't front on me you better be going to Vegas !
Definitely a Brian Blade / Soy Latte kind of morning.
If you're not willing to fight through the pain, you must not want it bad enough. -Me and probably someone else at some point
we geet to play owners vs players...you get to be roger goodell or pres of the plyrs union
God is good all the time!
Happy Easter!
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. -Albert Einstein
can we see new pic of you guys together
Tomorrow is the big day? Ready for the speech?? So proud of you.
Movie recommendation is Seth Rogan in "Pineapple Express"
same..ugh
i hope your mind overdose Thinkinngg !
there doesn't exist one but I've had good success at crystal city sports pub and mister days on Virginia side
. The fact that you're coming to State today lifts MY spirits! #didn'tpacklunch
Relate the causes and results of the Revolutionary War
I feel ya
If u don't feel at least a pang of red & white pride at the game, the cold New England winters have driven you batty. Go #Wings!
Have a great time at the conference! look forward to hearing all about it.
So I should have a more boring job in theatre? Aren't we in theatre for the interest and excitement of the job itself?
Perfection needs pain......and i wont stop fighting for this...no matter what, cause i m so close.....<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
No doubt. First game...long season!
so rainy!
Happy new year
Its #nationalgrouchday lol! I could find something to be grouchy about.
Ready to return to pdx :)
you ain't the only one we both
Great job Drew Brees..Go Saints
Hey, , what's going on this weekend?
Just saw my friend on wheel of fortune
wish I could have time off to go to the 24hrs...too busy..a good thing
Who is the best rock group of all time?
I laugh at that name...what is it with women and cupcakes? SU is a good school!
We want to welcome & to the Transform Music Group family.
I am a hustler baby. I'll sell water to a whale. -The one and only "J" Hump it up and #Hustle!
Definitely agree in migration 2 tech. Gap btwn PPL who purchase & people who Use/implement = fail
RT : Sometimes I simply breathe.
#thatawkwardmoment when the lights are off in the boys' bathroom and someone is actually inside...
oh thanks! that's so nice of you. bwa ha! no way, man!
oh oh: ridonkulous!!! I actually used it today, not on purpose. Then I ran to the bathroom and threw up.
please do a cover of Justin Bieber song Boyfriend please
My birthdays 4 days after Niall's..just in case <3 DM us!
shoot at you with that luger, come at you at night and murder you, Freddy Kreuger.
I can't make any promises.
Thanks to all "SNO" Clothing follower's. New Limited Edition "SNO" Shirt coming soon!!! www.snoclothing.com
and there goes my heart. every time i open up to someone, it backfires.
Anytime! :) #SICEM RT Thanks for the mention!
Have you heard of TOPYX?
Swagger. Either your born with it or not.
I'm sure he'll console himself with his championship in Toronto.
Things are under control. Madison & I run that. I can take it down & I found the mistake, she did try to credit Annie,
just totally threw salt, on accident tho lmao.
you monster.
*ding* Cupcakes are done! *slaps hand* No, Twitter, they're too hot! Now go outside and play, I'll let you know when they're cool enough.
Disparate Access to technology throughout MN.
Oh. Well then! Guess I've got my evening viewing :) Thanks!
Happy Mother's Day to all of you special women who've given so much of yourselves to the lives of another!
love the enthusiasm! I thrive on it. I'm an idea man!
#HowToPissAFemaleoff Not texting her back, and taking a year and a day to write.
RT : New winner drawn for Vampire Wear bat wing backpack! That winner is ! Congrats! DM me your mailing address soon.
Always lead never Follow
Sometimes, people succeed because they choose not to listen to the naysayers. How many of you have succeeded in spite of it all?
Hey--there is nothing wrong with Steely Dan (says the guy with a ton of Dan on his iPod).
Coffee or pop to start your day? ~Annie~
hahahahaha no way! I'm a country boy! :)
A dirty mind is a terrible thing to waste. Just sayin, LOL!!!!!
Woohoo! About to take some loads at the bookstore.
Shorter version of why Mitt lies: he's a politician; it's in the job description. ... Why, yes, I AM a cynic; how'd you know?
I think I just witnessed Obama passing the park. Great. NOW CAN THIS FUCKING BUG GO?
If you want a RT hit me you.
Watching Workaholics. I love this damn show.
Ate a "world famous" steamed burger... And it was not the business. (with Will)
RT The Creator and Presence of ALL THINGS is speaking to you right now - are you listening?
Medical attention within the first 90 minutes of a heart attack, stroke or a fall enhances the chances of recovery for the victim.
Awh I just did before I even saw this! <3
We have great Twitter Specials for all Blackhawks & Bulls fans! is going to be electrifying in 2012!
Orioles completed a sweep of the Red Sox at Fenway today for the first time since June 10-12, 1994
Hello everyone... Have a great week.
Attending the IAA Global Marketing Summit today! What is the hashtag for the event? Very excited!
Making them last is the hard part.. LOL We are trying some container gardening for the first time this year
Whos Jeff Blake gonna start this week? only one way to find out...
i like you was talkin that one shit why i wasnt on here nigga lol
Feeling like some homemade minestrone soup from today. There is no better way to warm up!
My cousin Deonna called this girl a tar baby lmao
I'm up at 6:36 am and I have to be ready by 7:00... #LordHelpMe!
I've asked bout yhu wen they told me thangs but, my mind didnt change it, I feel the same whats a life with no pain
$25/20 RT : Hey , we have some people inquiring about how much tickets will be at the door???
I love going to sleep super sick, because my amazing fiancé cleans the house for me!! <U+E056><U+E405><U+E106><U+E056>
It's about time!! Congratulations! Well deserved.
Evening Sara! Have a great week end.
How does writing today differ from writing 25 years ago?
…still more fans from #Spain, #Italy, #Vietnam, #Russia, #Greece, #Mexico, #Netherlands & #Israel!
He was on his way to dig some oneout of a grave
Scraped my chin last night. The latest tipsy trend is drunk diving
always happy to see a text from :)
I lost the war...... i actually got hella sick.... :( i feel like i got hit by a truck!
not everyone is skinny like you. Its not her fault.
This is what makes life rich, that it has more to offer with each clue it reveals.
its the upper lip right under the nose, some call it a medusa =)
Congratulations to Dr. Rich Stuart for successfully defending his dissertation. Way to go, Dr. Stuart!
no i rather buy luke one. lol JK! well kind of.
and where are you today, sir? #friendsofricki #smgirlfriends Blue skies in SoCal!
“: really wish they had booze here” QT trip???
Happy Guy Fawes Day. remember the 5th of November! Today we stand united. Politicians take heed.
Anyone notice the new tunes at CG Tysons during happyhour ?
Doctors prescribe too many drugs period.
Who ever has broad walk for mcdonals game I have park place #100000000 dollars
Yes, Pop/Punk has its place, but it's not the only genre out there. Last.fm seems to think otherwise.
in and out and cupcakes. whats up.
Thanks for joining us for #downtowndining this weekend. Hope you enjoyed :)
Interview with a 9-year-old super star about to commence..I hope I'm cool enough to roll with this dude, he sets the bar HIGH. Stay tuned :)
Divas calling for justice might remember the cruel past. System works slow. Thz why it's called a system. You? U don't know. So shut up!
Thanks for the shout out Hope to see some of you there.
The people on Biggest Loser this season are very unlikeable
RT : RT : #Capricorn's are the type who will help you & expect nothing in return.
I like it! RT Silverchair Learning Systems Named One of 2012 Best Places to Work in Virginia! bit.ly/u4ilSA
Rickie Weeks with a lot of firsts tonight. He just stole 2nd base.
Method acting on Victorious reminds me of Drama class :o
One of my favorite Vols of all time. Your gunna do work for the Giants. Congrats
Honored to be in the number!
Just met Health Pioneer Patricia Braggs! I will be doing a demo with her Wed and Friday Kahala :)
I'm fine and ill follow for you
i want go to the movies!
txt me soon :D
LOL @ No Basketball Anymore
Pink (almost magenta) stuff on my neck? No, explanation. okay?
but the universe is expanding uniformly so theoretically contributes nothing 'cuz it's all relative.
I just woke up. Had a headache .
I eat couch
Reason #768 that we are museum geeks and not mammal specialists: we just learned that our sweet kitten is a GIRL. Isaacetta?
Thank you Shelby!!!! =)
Wanna eat some pumpkin pancakes with (:
Treatin' life like a joke, get off that Ellen Degeneres boy <3 P.Sanders
Know anyone on a gluten-free diet or have you tried it yourself? What are your tips for making it work?
Im looking for her too.
Police say XMAS time "tis the season" for such shenanigans. Be safe, friends!
Thank you so much!! Hugs!! xoxo
Moving anytime soon? Call us! Our sustainable box system is great for your wallet and the planet! We deliver and pick up. Mention our...
neat! Any big plans?
branding workshop - loads of ideas in search of a solution
It's so weird not having to find hair ties... I kinda like it. #getupandgo !
If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you're strong enough to get back up
and Dolis cannot throw a strike! He just walked Izturis!
your gonna be amazing tonight! best of luck to you! I hope we are able to hang out before your to busy with winning the show!
Yes, yes, of course. Happy hunting!
I know, I know, I'm a dork
Maybe Movie night~!:)
I'm in here somewhere...
followed.. follow back plss..
his name is Brock Collier. You might know him?lol
#ThingsIDislike cheats who think ye wont find out, lol
ALERT: the tram waits 4 no 1! RT : dang usc shuttle bus left me right as i was getting to it despite my yells & waves to stop.
Well come visit us and we will make you a delicious meal! :)
Of course not - only once I'm safely in my knothole for the night :-)
In the event anyone is curious .... I have decided not to compete in next week's U.S. Open at Congressional.
Wishing you a #HappyEaster on this beautiful day!
is someone chasing you? : My brother and I are doing the Color Run in DC in September - want to run with us?
LMAO!!!! I can see ur face. Oh that name :)
God I wish would tweet about this helluva road trip...
Off to Lisbon and Barcelona for the week, see you all in May!
I would so love an awesome name.... Like um Arizona yeah that's pretty or India! :)
I can't...I can't. I am down hear crying. If u and I open the doors at the same time we body in danger.
Who wouldn't even cry when you heard #TurnToYou. Like, it's an amazing song, Justin has gone so far now. :D
I went to IU in the 80s. Embarrassed by Knight. Agree with you here fully.
you are correct. I cannot believe that a grown man can make money playing with puppets of bad stereotypes...
Ha! Williamson better not get on the #Stanford team bus today if they lose! Go #Big12!
Target is screwin with my head.
Choice, chance, change. You must make the choice to take a chance if you want anything to change.
Congratulations! I am looking forward to working with you.
Oh yeah?! What's the most famous quote from Bioshock?!
welcome sweetie that's wat mahomies do help each other
you're an entertaining grouch
. Maybe answers from speaker should then get a double-tweet response :) naisac12
Thanks for the #FF!
QUOTES: "One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure its worth watching."
Everyone is not your friend.
Times like this
Awww Thanks For The Fansite Your So Sweet<3
I see your post! I'm coming by for a set of 4 and a growler refill of #12daze this evening! Shhh.... Don't tell Javi!
Thanks Basil!
Fighting with twitter.
Michael Imperioli auditioned 400 times before booking his first part. Mark Ruffalo, 800.
what part?
Got BFs Kindle 2 set up. He is off & downloading like mad. Wish we could download food instead of having to go shop.
“: "Be brave. Even if you're not, pretend to be. No one can tell the difference." - Life's Little Instruction Book #quote”
Pillow top.or temperpedic? Trying to get a nice bed and damn they are a ARM n a leg.
I would love to make this a point/counterpoint...it is too one sided!!!
Just saw a chick karate kick the walk signal and a pedestrian dodge a car coming straight for him
Yep, I'm ready for summer.
Just received my first adjustment So awesome!
The show is on now! Tough Love- New Orleans!
Friday ; i know what I'm wearing to school!
Have you been taking Twitter lessons from ?
#Nighthawks Fans: Check this out! RT Part 2 is here: Maurice Clarett: A Life in Two Parts grantland.com/story/_/id/720…
if you have time, swing by, say hi!
Order your CD from and you might be lucky like me and get a personal note from Robert
It was predictable.
Good call.
it seems that my version of happiness is different from yours
great show today
OH outside food bank handing out aid to the needy: "Uh oh, I hope this isn't the line for momofuku"
Something good will happen to you today.... or not, its really 50/50
Obviously we'll be starting with the coffee equipment, but yes.
How precious did that grace appear, the hour I first believed.
Of course. All sorts of sizes. What exactly are you looking for?
When considering environmental consultants keep an eye out for consultants that have weathered the recession. Phasei.com
Marketers shouldn’t take the easy route when it comes to ethnic marketing. Be culturally relevant! Not just include tokens
He's for real.
We're playing some new unreleased material at our show tonight!!! Come support your local scene!
To be fair - Number 6 can cause bodily injury.
Decomposition is the morphosis of design.
We have a BIG announcement coming Monday morning!! Stay tuned!
yeah you did. You just don't remember it
It's snowing Wish I could make it, but have a lot going on w work in #sandiego. Have fun whoever can, get some turns 4 me!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> that should be illegal
Question for The Buried Life: If you could have any actor (or actress I guess) to play you in a movie, who would it be and why?
#Dear14YrOldSelf, That bully Eileen IS indeed horrible, however wait until you see her recent photos on Facebook. Yikes!
Cinco de mayo success, tacos and alcohol!!
Going on a run to my Latin workout station on pandora #perfect <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
Call in your question to BORDER TALK at 880.4376!!
yeah I should've slept longer!! Haha
#shoutout to the dike sitting next to me on the train, hookin me up with free food & cocacola (:
Love Never Fails
MT : Rep. Thompson introduces amend on Title I. This could gum up the works on #ESEA, if they weren't already totally gummed up.
Conan, I'm with you!
I'm not going to tweet every 10 seconds like QP...
The Bible says childbirth is woman's curse for the Garden of Eden debacle but mentions nothing about having to squat to pee in the woods.
I love you!!! Coming to Cleveland soon?
Happy Friday you guys :-)
Why do people that speak Spanish talk so fast??
Amazing project: visualizing emancipation. Get a feel of events they have mapped by following their tweets
it was good to meet you last night. Excited to see all that you captured.
Well conditioning tomorrow lets hope the knee holds out all season
Sorry,but if you are just now starting a weight lifting regiment(in late January) you're wasting your time.Every1 else is in mid-season form
Thanks Bern! Glad to know there's someone else out there who shares my obsession :)
okay so through CHRIST, you can birth a cactus! -Philippians 4:13 -Maria Correa
Hi! Haha(: And Yes i Know(;
What is with everyone changing their names on here? lol
Hopefully Taller Than Me.. I've Been Doing the Princeton All Month Being a Coffee Lover.. I'm sure it hasn't Helped ;1
I like this!
Working on something big musically with my brother for our next Bowman gig - stay tuned...
where you at?
Crochet is a big this spring! Add a crochet vest to spice up any outfit!
Come out to the Fca carnival at Avon high school from 12-4!!
we're so glad she had a great week!
Big Mario's Pizza for dinner tonight! Best choice I've made in awhile.
you are welcome
Out with my dad instead of #acllotto-ing today. Happy scratching!
Good luck tonight :) <U+2764><U+26BE>
Men, do not drunkenly corner your female neighbors in elevators and proposition them. And DON'T fucking TOUCH them.
Good idea - what size do you need??
People say dey care but dey give up on you in a heartbeat...smh
my soul is refreshed.
i wonder <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
New Tweet Peeps! TFTF!,,
Sorry for clogging up your twitter feed, but #momstrosity was on a roll today. Convo ended with a "pfffftt whatever"
The awkward moment when you still cant understand someone after they've repeated themselves about three times.
thanks for the RT
I hope so, but it still kinda bugs me.
Even as water carves monuments of stone, so do our thoughts shape our character. -Hugh B. Brown
I'm so fucking done with this dumb bitch.
Mock bench trial: the judge advised "less zooming, more savoring."
This old lady has the sweetest hunchback I've ever seen. I hope she let's me rub it for luck.
will the following plz follow me <3
"You need to spend one of your free days with me" um I rather not
philly that is disgusting!
Whatever poet, orator or sage may say of it, old age is still old age. Sinclair Lewis
My Dad gets a kick outta watchin Dee Gordon run cuz hes SO fast...& I get a kick outta my Dad watchin Dee! Cmon Dodgers! Lets see some runs!
"I brought pics!" lmfao my kind of guy
I love She'd make a great Episcopalian. Or at least really add to our group of badly behaved priests.
Damn I feel old. One of the contestants on the #bacheloretter is Arie Luyendyk JR. I used to crush on his FATHER. *sigh*
Mom's homemade mole rojo for lunch. It's amazing!
Bradley Cooper? Really?
RT House music is clutch. RT : Something about house/techno/dubstep music is making me feel better
the hookup shots with their hands on their hips are so gross stop it.
Try your hand at some steelers trivia--TEXT 3Live to 59925... Yes, it's free!!!
I wanna watch The Graduate!.
Looks like Jonah Hill dealt with his post oscar loss depression by eating Christopher Plummer.
They are my #1 and have been for over 30 years. ;)
In New Delhi watching the 61st Republic Day celebrations of India. Impressive!
Readers in Georgia (the country) ...hello..:) the 106th country to connect to the blogs...it is a rainy day here in Danville, KY
Oh I see. I read your post as dismissive of introverts.
I hope you know that this has nothing to do with you. It's personal, myself and I.
Counting down those horrible minutes til work!
Ugh. Ugh. Ugh.
I love cases like this. I hope she knows how to work with all the evidence.
Drawing has commenced. Wish our galleries were this packed all the time!
Thanks for the follow! Keep on dreamin' those riffs!
lol icing to make cupcakes!:D
is it understandable to be a little upset with someone if they smoke too much #weed ? don't wanna sound crazy.
it's his death-day, too!
What programs have you developed to retain subscribers, members or donors?
Heading down to Houston, TX this weekend to give my dad a surprise birthday party complete with a dinner of his grandma's recipes. Shhhh.
you have most talent. i have been watching your youtube videos with your dancing/singing. all i gotta say is TOO RAAAWW.
sounds perfect. I have never been there either. I am ready to tom away!
when i look at you by came on and i got sad. :'(
Jump Then Fall<3
It's great to be home. How's school? Look forward to seeing you on the air sometime soon.
yeah won a dollar on the prize wheel man this rocks!
no that was a month ago lol
people are so fake.
Congrats on the pickup!
Sausage and basil (thai) fried rice...I love my wok.
Just when you thought Tebow mania was over... Smh
HELLO! NEW FAVORITE SPOT!!
like when you sat at Suffolk last year? Thanks. Never forget that one. Suck it up and play. Id give my left arm to play this weeken
Nothing like good music
Love! Thank you for your support. It means so much!
BBQ Shop
Nov. 22nd. Can't wait for the annual "do you know where I was 48yrs ago" phone call from my Dad this afternoon.
are you saying they walk with 1 or 0 points?
U better be ready for war 24/7 watch ya back!
I actually have a pretty positive outlook on it. I'm kinda happy for him and myself. It's really weird and hard to explain.
7 Things you didn't know about roses: #7 Getting a bouquet of 13 roses means you have a secret admirer.
Bruins lost </3
Follow me and FB friend me...I'll see if I can help. ;)
I need my researcher to not come until I finish my tea.
Mama gets mad at son for loading too many bowls. lol
Tygas voice is sexy
Dear coach Trotz: DON'T CHANGE A THING!!! Make those two idiots sit and learn their lesson.
New Hampshire until Sat.
I love #Tanisha :-) she soo crazzy and funny!!! "Behind every crazy black woman, is a stupid ass black man"
Gary Haugen's execution will take 25 min. He can also stop his own execution since he waived his right to challenge the death sentence.
We need a CP image! Ha! Safe travels, and have a great call.
Can somebody tell me what the word "Ratchet" means?
it's like a crunchy Luftwaffe.
haha inserting the words titties, balls, etc into the things never gets old...always a hoot!
Watching law n order svu
Sad news on #CarrollShelby That's one giant bit of American legend right there...
That's good, most people don't like any of it :P
yes.It is supposedly a profitable venture. But not a major hit.
Give me something to shoot San Antonio!
Yeah! Makin magic “: If you ever plan on seeing the band lights resolve I strongly urge you to not, they're a fucking abomination”
Well, I wouldn't want to toy w/ your emotions! We'll definitely get on it. I can buy it next week cc
I have had a very tiring day and it is only 3:15. Hopefully I can squeeze in a catnap and that will help.
Join us for 12 News This Morning from 7-9: is talking wind, Gino is talking Oscars, and I'm talking elephants (and news)
Even though niggas be getting on my nerves , I still love them no matter what <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Thanks Batch. It's been a long wait! RT : Can we just get to UK-IU? Pulling for 's boys in RED.
“: I will watch for the both of us then lol” Be my guest. maybe you can explain it to me. I'm
Awesome! So glad to have you as part of the movement. #ROWE is the way to go :)
So. Jealous. // RT : Pilgrimage to Hot Dougs
I feel like misbehaving.
So do I. Hope tide is turning. RT : Murderers, rapists, politicians are allowed to marry but gay people are not. I find this odd
I'm trying to watch Chris Mann and Katrina Parker on #TheVoice right now, but Lindsay Pavao is so fucking horrible, it's ruining it.
Now THAT WAS AWESOME - go cirque!
overdosed on confidence
“: Don't talk about it be about it.” couldn't have said it better myself!
I prefer 3 days a week, but if Americans in general could just start with 1 meatless day, boy what a start.
So nice to meet you! I'm glad your last night in Portland and my show lined up so nicely. Thanks again for coming out.
thanks for the reply!
Order #28311 Order Date: 5/14/2012 3:58:01 PM. Make it happen! This is for the Montauk ride this Sunday so I need it in time.
I know! I'm sorry you had to see that, bacon will never be the same.
Lara Mondae's playing music on WLUW until 6pm. Tune in online or on your RADIO dial 88.7fm
Working on it!
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back. ~Arthur Rubinstein
Just found out that two of my relatives were Nazi's.
I'm savoring every sip of mine right now:-)
Black People Always Tryna Get Shit For Free Or For A Discount... SIT YO BROKE ASS DOWN
its friday morning, that means the smell of plumbers is wafting through the air
..thanks so much for following us :)
What are everyone's plans for the night?
how awesome is your new uke?
s/o to ! everyone go follow her!
Your love sweeps over me and knocks me to my feet.
I finally kicked a HR for kickball but I can't even enjoy it cause we did not win.
Tune into the great new HBO documentary-WEIGHT OF A NATION - about how kids and people get fat from subsidized bad processed food
People on Facebook always over react-_- unlike twitter;D
When I die all my art , paintings , drawings etc will be molded into my coffin or blown up
Man Martin n Pam always had the best jokes lmao
What will you be watching in the Spring Game?? I say Beau Allen, says #Commissioner Gordon
Id rather you hurt me with the truth.. Than comfort me with the lies <3
Thats what me and my Dad wanted.We have seen some other great collections. But from what we have seen and heard our is the biggest
Just went super sayin 3 in the bathroom
Just bought Typographic Sketchbooks by and Lita Talarico. Perfect for the 3-hour wait for
you run in those academic/artsy circles, where folks said "meme" before "meme" was ubiquitous. the rest of us lived fine w/o it.
“: location, partnership, and sponsorship is big!” how do I even begin to network with pros like yourself?!?
I'm friends with 'em all drag queens, beauty queens, drama queens...I'm an equal opportunity royalty befriender. After all, I'm a princess.
Oh, neat -- we'll be singing the national anthem and God Bless America at a game on March 22!
They call me Racked up shawty- Meek Mill
RIP Connor Young
Just learned David Tappan gave a lecture at Harvard comparing Hebrew and Hindu scriptures in 1803.
didn't he go higher than Ziemba?
#NeverShouldYouEver be disloyal to a love 1
don't sell dip. Not merican enough
the evoloutionary ladder aint an obstacle even, I'm sharkin suckaz in the game without a logical reason
Are you fucking serious. #BBW I like Tami but she would have had me fucked up and that girl didn't really do shit wrong.
Give your business some curb appeal. Go to www.linedupstriping.com
The sconnie next to me on the flight managed to spill all her water onto my seat.
L.A can't do anything right so far this season!!!
Did you know the #KeepCalm&CarryOn posters were actually published by the British during WW2 to motivate it's army against German attack?
Astro Boy is on Person of Interest that boy is about to be the Hottest Rapper out
Hey when can you skyppppe?
Tonight (3/11): Jumpin' Jack Flash (Rolling Strones Tribute) with Tobacco Road at Hard Rock Cafe! 10PM show, tickets at the door!
I can't with this show anymore UGH
MAY 7TH IS MY LAST DAY OF SCHOOL!!(:
RT : I thought I had a nightmare last night, but I realized it was just the season finale of Grey's Anatomy.
I'm torn. I made a note to myself to buy your book this week, but I'd rather wait til it isn't free so you get the $$$.
"Great food! Superior service. Epic tasty. I swear, you guys are so awesome." :)
I've never been as stressed out as I am right now.
Saying "Tho" Or "Though" At The End Of A Sentence Always Makes The Tweet Sound Better Tho.
Thanks for the RT, Karina! Glad you found the blog post of interest.
We suggest LA! RT : In need of a vacation...Miami, ATL, or LA to see fam soon...where should I go?
Meetwood Flac pretty much ruled it tonight.
the people that are making big money are the ones being watched by the people that are spending money...
Lou Gossett Jr is coming to Boston in November as part of the Ford Hall Forum. He's speaking
dude. the lineup is too sick to be real. I might actually die on Harry Potter's birthday this year.
APPARENTLY MY ASS....
Congrats to 96 ROCK (and cool-guy Fin) for smacking down the frog in the latest ratings...worst programming in hundreds of miles for years!
What a day! What a day! I had a good time at #FIU Good Times
Lattes are fantastic as well! If you #love it, share it!
Supporting #BBN in the vitriolic atmosphere that is -- wait...they have a basketball team?
where in the D are you living at?
I am considering it! I have a friend in SF so I was thinking about visiting. I'll keep you posted.
that is episode 3
No the league shouldn't punish those guys, but don't let your bias show when you ask. Get those () outta there man! #fair?
Can my fat just go away?:(
Just got an invite to do Salvia, but i had to turn it down because i feel like i will be cheating my cleanse. :(
Did the Mayans predict the Supermoon? If you know call the Psychic Friends Network & ask for Dionne(call soon, client is holding for answer)
Is looking for sales reps, so if you want to work in a cool & laid back environment, send your info to:
thank you for spreading the WOOT love!
Good to hear! Glad you are all okay.
No. That's not equitable since we don't all make the same amount. That puts the burden still on the middle class.
QoTD: "If you worry about yesterday's failures, then today's successes will be few." (Unknown)
As I wander through life, the voice in my head seems to become of a single purpose. It keeps saying "You gotta be kidding me!"
driving home and about to see my babe jose tonight
And you wonder why I don't talk to you anymore.
The Bulls music though?
Very high-scoring first half in the boys game: Caliche up 52-43 lookin for their 4th title in 4 years!
It was worse, I feel for you.
That's great! I'm glad their funding came through. I'm sure they worked hard at getting it! Let me know if you need me to ship.
alrighty. i am going to do an observation in a school today. i'll edit my twitter/facebook laters.
Wishful Thinking
damn straight.
thanx so much for the #FF!!
If I see the words "kerfuffle" or "curmudgeon" in a headline, I don't click through to read.
For serious. RT : someone go grocery shopping for me... I am not a fan...
AW THANK YOU...IM GOING TO SMACK YOU REALLY HARD WHEN I SEE YOU LOLZ
So I think I will get the hair cut tomorrow. I've been all talk lately.
Alex George's "A Good American" for a sprawling immigrant tale. Deb Olin Unferth's "Revolution" for a quirky memoir.
i like them, sometimes i need a kick in the pants!
thanks for reading. Just laying it out there as I see it. I suspect I am not alone, trying to let others know they are not too..
I like your quote this morning. It has me thinking about what my grandmother would have done if she was my age, living in our time.
Brothers in the community today!! Just left Banneker HS for Go-to-high school Go-to-college with the Yale Black Alumni
You know, the Same Ayn Rand that Paul Ryan idolizes... C'mon people, think these things through....
i see you homie
oh so bored. i have nothing to do. i am just so lazy
Disappointment. How do you handle it when you let someone down who is very dear to you?
Don't get me wrong, this thing is DOPE. But it doesn't scream "COME BUY ME" like the unibody MBP did. Even the iPhone did.
Speaking with education staff for the today! Follow
We're so excited about our new website! Check out www.fanmailfundraising.com
so true on so many levels...if only there was an incentive, right?
Thx . for more TV #schoolcounselors suggestions. #Buffy #Glee (And we're going to use the wayback machine for #Room222!)
Lol oops meant *does *that
you must develop a hatred for medicority in order to be granted your wildest dreams -Opal Conner
My Shakeology tasted so good this morning!
Star Wars
Can anybody tell me why the hell there's high fructose corn syrup in Slim fast trail mix bars?
Cool! I'm fine thx! Planning trip to UK in Aug; contemplating long layover in Helsinki in order to get a cheaper ticket...
What;s the worst experience you've ever had at the dentist? Please share with us :)
Vote and a flu shot today. So did anyone hear? Do we need to move to California yet?
When we landed in Austin the flight attendant said hook'em. I was tempted to yell RAIDER to see if I'd get a response.
This nigga walk in the barber shop with his pants rolled up and so boots like he from new york
o m g why me why
; now I got love all over me, baby you touched every part of me, oh I got love all over me. . .
Sour gummi worms are my crack :)
Mike Morris or MidniteMike..
" Happy Mothers Day " 2 All My Independent Mothers and Working Mothers Out There WE LUV YALL!!!
RT What does a person with an STD look like??? Since we all know so well .... Or here's a better question, do we even care??
thank u and yes forever and ever
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a innovative response to its intrinsic limits and issues.
It's Make Your Dreams Come True Day! Go forth & conquer!
Portland, Oregon. 90 degrees and sunny today. Come visit: www.traveloregon.com.
I just be taking cat naps cause I'm bored AF....
Thanks new followers! Make sure to also like Facebook page and get their song "Girl I Used To Know" for a FREE download! :)
I know Davis is going pro.. But how legit would it be to watch him and Noel together in the post.
lmao, in in a speed diet
when you think you like someone but you're scared of rejection so you pretend like you don't really like that person but you really do...
Waiting in line to see the trophy #ncaa #champions 8
hey how your day
ugh I'm so jealous :( haha
“: Tonna ass ain't up on my tl.what she doing” Watching Martin & was on instagram lol Awww yu miss me ?!?
does the #illuminati require an #audition?
": "The wisest men follow their own direction." - Euripides
Hitting the shed.
because there's a need for legal middle ground between totally open, and the stifling nature of current IP system
is an amazing guy (: he is the nicest and is awesome. I love how he cares about his fans and replies to them <3
hey sexy :o)
Those deep comfy couches someone probably sloppily made out in at 3am. The faulty 2Pac Pandora radio stream. Good times
let's be real there's probably no coming back for me Lmaoo
yep. Pre tweet days. and are our current films. Releasing this spring.
really dressed it up! I like it! Rims next?
Ok Ladies, being a wife & mother is a beautiful thing, but your worth shouldnt be defined by your life status
haha. But you make it look good. Behind me maybe not so much ;)
Start your New Year off with a Healthy Smile!!! We are ALWAYS accepting NEW Patients! Call now and schedule a cleaning & exam! 262-691-9832
Hear the news? Elizabeth Warren announces today!
Meeting with Coyote Solutions this morning. Great new driving aid coming to the market this spring!
good morning martine, i agree with you i try to do the same thing
Cheers to the freaking weekend because I don't have to work.
#aln2011 As a Text & Technology grad, I love that Peter Shea is basically lecturing on Walter Ong during an analytics panel. Cool.
I'll be there too! Maybe I'll see ya :)
don't forget to send me your address!
At the Silver Peak with my family! Nice little breeze.
There's only one Carlon Jeffery and that's the rapper and actor known as Cameron Parks on A.N.T. Farm
nice save buddy! We could use that arm in MKE!
I'm gettin' hungry now and we only have about 4 hours ahead of us!
CONGRATS AUSTIN! 200K MAHOMIES! We are one big family and no one will EVER change that! We love you!!<3 (:
i wanna see beauty and the beast in 3D! (:
I have a burning desire to paint something right now.
A: Issue of many institutions are going through collections & figuring how to spend budgets, based on what's most popular...
“The first draft of anything is shit.” — Ernest Hemingway
thats awesome!! :D sorry im just now replying lol how is Regency Dance doing since I left? lol
Congratulations to the University of Michigan #Wolverines for winning the 2012 Allstate #SugarBowl!
love how my sister gets to control everything in the house even tho she's the younger sibling
people still post on Facebook? I feel like that's old sort of.
On this day in history (Oct. 5, 1947), the first televised speech by a US president (Truman) aired. Good idea or bad idea?
“ “ Who else backspaces their whole password, even if only one letter is wrong?””
Good to hear that. #IMeanThat Its been 2 the best so far on my end. Glad things coming together, so NO complaining this way
experience with MDM software.
My son just smashed out on his dinner and its everywheerrreee. He was bathed in it.
double feature of Kill Bill Vol. 1 & 2 today at my apt. @ 4PM! There will be Miramax giveaways & homemade crunchwrap supremes :D
You're amazing! Next time I'm raising money for a project (which is always happening, ha) I need to get you working for me!
but, to answer your question, he tweeted about it...
as I already said, I've already got a concert I'm going to. next week, Godsmack and Staind! 1st time seeing them both, well actually.....
more upset about your government wronging you for the purpose of profit
CNN reporting that the police acted as an intermediary negotiator w/the prostitute and Secret svc agents and they all pooled their money
Some people grow up messing with people. Its ok Just Gotta know who can give it back. RT : I like making fun of people ...
“Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well” -Voltaire
Listening to KidRock. I don't care what anyone says, I love listening to KidRock
I'll never be one of those perfectly polished girls, slightly disheveled is how I roll.
RT : Does anybody out there have any experience with TouchIT boards? Just got a demo of one, looked pretty good (for an IWB).
Yeah I remember u always shopping there I have never been on that store until today, I love that store they have such cute stuff
nice! Enough to share? ;)
Book recommendation "A Stranger's Gift" by
Big band music seems apropos today -- Dave might hit the dance floor any minute
In the worst freaking mood ever.
I'm less concerned about making the docs readable--fairly easy--than with making note taking and transfer possible.
hahah isn't it great??! Never gets old!
yes they are! Kylestock band!?;)
When every I look at the clock it's 9:11pm weird
“: Getting ready to speak Student Summit.” go get em
If designers feel challenged by Agile, they are not yet fully engaged in the collaborative process.
obvs not simple binary of youth vs. $ for production, e.g. Meek's recent quality mixtape enthusiasm curated & bankroll'd by Ross.
it was ok didn't do anything. This snow is stupid! How was your weekend? Haven't seen you in awhile :( we need to fix that!
Bipolar weather :|
Writing songs this week and recording next week.
For Zayn's birthday I am going to get him a mirror with hhis picture on the back:)
I'm leaving after this story is over. Lol
I might not be where I wanna be, but thank God I'm not where I used to be!!
last week: "Im ready to kock out this online class #Determined" thatssss caitlinnnnn :D
Ready to go home and hit the sheets. Only an hour and a half left. The last few hours always drag by. Back in the office at midnight.
I wish I was an entertaining drunk dialer and then I could return the favor. Ha ha ha
Thanks so much for making us part of your #bestdayever!
Hahaha I was being serious I have always liked gags. And crosby sucks..I'm a Malkin fan
Credit Score below 620??? You need help
Thanks for being part of us.. Much Love!
edgar just can't get a date
Ann Arbor's Howard Cooper sold to Germain Motor Company - Detroit Free Press
why cant you see them?
BYE TWITTER :(
Man oh man raise the bar on this joint can't wait for y'all to see it....
In honor of Earth Day, we’d like to thank you for shopping at Crossroads & closing the loop. Recycling is good for the can, bottle & shirt.
Hot Tottie I aunt heard thus in.....
2 more!! 2 more and we'll reach our goal of 100 new likes and get some targeted Facebook ads for our book!
Nice purple crocs <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
sounds like fun
#HowAboutWe Blast some Go-Go and get this party started!!!!!!!!!!!
Q1: What are some of the aspects of social media that worry you the most? Do you talk to your kids about them?
Tomorrow iss getting closer and closer... :/ #shaking #scared #nervous ..
The first thing you do with a data set when you get it from a government agency is make a copy of it, Horvit said.
i know its over but i never got to say #happymothersday mommy i love you..
i cant Believe I miss those cupcakes!!!!
Can't wait to hear your new stuff!!! So excited! :-)
Dying to see with and #MilaKunis!
I'll never get a reservation at RPM. ;)
whatever you can only ship us anyway
Thank you to local Milwaukee for their generous support of Hunger Task Force!
Just for the record... MY color is white chocolate! LOL
that sucks <\3 if you find out who it is, let me know so I can go WWE on their fat ass.
I assumed she meant don't watch the live stream when you're in the room.
I just started texting with someone I met on twitter. If I go missing, well... That's what happened.
“No problem can ever be solved from the same state of consciousness that caused it.” -Einstein
i'm hearing it too around 70th and SE Foster. It's very low and boomy.
Some of the best work happens by collaborating with other units
You are missed! Our future U.S. Attorney aka littlest Quinn came over for dinner & met the pup. Please come visit us soon.
Chillin w my girl at her work.. Cum c me!!!
bro!! Im going to miss you a bunch! But as said "i know your going to kill it" best of luck!! See you soon!:)
I will never get tired of telling that I love him<21
Happy to help! I'll tweet it tomorrow too!
"free to all" is not the same as "free for all"
Thanks for sharing!
So good seeing you!
We all know that life guarantees one thing & one thing only. So what are you doing with your gift of life before that guarantee comes?!
How much longer does Wedge keep putting Brendan Ryan in the lineup with his lack of offensive production?
Always nice to go there :) Happy Friday!
I ask that the presence of the Lord with His healing hand be with his father and family in Jesus' Name. Amen
Yay! RT : saturday I can make the game. Maybe game 4 if I can find tix
Relationships are like glass. Sometimes it’s better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
Thanks Lexie! Woof!
Happy Valentine's Day!! Love is most certainly in the air. Especially love for makeup!! What do you love most about makeup?
i was thinking about how cool a parking lot party would be yesterday (+couches, lighting, etc). And w/ adults not toddlers.
RT : Who's ready for the freakin' weekend?! Give this a RT if you are!!!
filtered through a Chemex
- This is right on point.
yes I have I'm almost doin with culinary bout to get that done lets go out tuesday ??
Some people SHOULD NOT have a drivers license
I could see an MLB one next year just to complete the cycle if this one does well but I think that'll be the peak
counting down til' i leave this place. :3
You obviously did, boo.
professional flier mane
Do you offer a remedial Life Class? I'm thinking of legally changing my name to "Hot Mess."
Shootings shatter N.H. town’s tranquility
Tea Party = anarchy
Even tea-based caffeine doesn't seem to help my overall sluggishness.
Sounds YUM, but I'm booked today. Sorry! Hope we can catch up sometime soon. (lol just got your phone msg too)
Arnold has begun to march his troops through St. Roch slowly around the walls on the north side of Quebec toward lower town.
oh Vegas!!! Lucky girl!
can you pleease follow me. even i know that you will never see this but
RT : So: is doing Samuel Beckett's Endgame. If you've ever been a human being alive on Earth, this play has...
lol basically! X)
we hope you enjoyed your stay!
Im done with this. Feeling like an idiot. Loving you, Im over it. I just dont love you; dont love you no more.
A new system could save you 35% on your electric bill and upto 50%
I love when news anchors have to vamp for time. It's awkward & resembles a bad first date.
I said I took the princess to school not prince. I took TAY TO SCHOOL CRAZY
for those done with Christmas shopping, do you get the urge to just buy a little bit more for friends and family for fun?
thank you.(:
Finally! Smoothie ingredients~ YAY~ celery, spinach, kiwi, orange, apple & cucumber. Keep it simple- blend & drink! (great to have a straw!)
watching robin hood:men in tights
Woke up wondering where my homegirl Ryan is...Got alot to talk bout...RC come out come out ;)
** With People Aplenty, Twitter Aims to Cut Through the Noise [ Bits ]
And nice that you can utilize #socialmedia to promote your work for further reach as well
Whoops. Accidentally hit the unfollow button there!
Finance me... feed me...fuk me
oh my god im sitting on my bed watching george lopez and talking to people on facebook
If unix is the face of the future I wanna go back to quill pens. - Gene Spafford.
Does his (genetic) Nashville Pussy connection not get him any more credibility than that?
Oh 2 years? o.O That's so long. :D
love you <3
Ah, so you went with fondant, eh? Easier to shape and less likely to break your teeth. Wise choice!
Chapter 2012 Page 54 of 366 Why can't everyone share my same opinion? That was a rhetorical question of course.
Power like the president
We're doing a more Mexican themed Thanksgiving at our office. Anyone have great recipes for refried beans and horchata?
nice to meet you too hun!
About to go hang out and clear my mind.
I can now officially announce that my next book, a history/celebration of American pit bulls, will be published by Penguin next year.
you should because it's not worth money to color coordinate an iPhone
THERE GOES MY LIFE
At this time most people on twitter should listen to "why can't we be friends" or "don't worry be happy"
i read hunger games and really enjoyed them. Read all three in two weeks.
GO FOLLOW AKA LIL MO,1 of the DOPEST . U heard him on songs with @
that's not your smart car..
i had some GREAT pancakes today! aretha frankensteins!
Just a friendly suggestion, might want to reconsider Flash based site. Your missing all the iPhone users wanting to check u out
Shout Out To The Newest Follower Helpin Us Reach 1,000 Superior Swaggers!!
Great Deals on overnight rooms and large meeting space at NCC
Thanks for the follow. Are you interested in building mobile app for your service? Contact me.
Still not using the paint. Kobe needs to comeback when he suppose to be getting more rest.
Wikileaks shows Richard Goldstone to be a pederast & wife-beater! (Once his reputation is destroyed, I'll retract this spurious report)
love that movie. Confirms that we can still outsmart badass aliens even if our primary mode of transportation are tiny bicycles
We would like to thank the Abell Foundation for their generous support of the EdTech Link program.
Happy girls are the prettiest. Share that beautiful smile with the world.
haha como.. You: mom will you get me a present for graduation? Mom: yes... Why? You: that means 1D tickets ! Yess! Hahaha(:
I need assistance.
I'm really excited for you. I'll definitely be thinking of you both!
O.o whoa we don't want that Lmao
RT : #Aquarians are Leaders. Hi followers :)
.: change in social sciences research: now need to justify value of study outside the academy
whenever you decide to pay for that plane ticket my dear <3
Omg my seat is so fucking good
audience. especially leading man type actors. which is ridiculous itself, but in Travolta's case…he's not exactly a
According to , Tommy Rees kneed a cop in the stomach and had to be pepper-sprayed. Wow.
Happy "Day Before the Day Before the Weekend" - Yep. It's all about your focus in #smm!
Being in an over crowded basketball gym << Being in a basketball gym with little to no people >>
hahaha, well.. i missed my bestie.<U+2764>
People falling asleep on me<<<<
Me Nd Had A Good Convo Lol She Hit Me Widd The Awwh Bomb :D
To be everywhere is to be nowhere. -Seneca
I have had plenty of great opportunities!! I am just waiting patiently for that ONE that's going to take me to the TOP!
#shotsfired RT : I swear my brother's like 2. So damn immature.
Pisses me off
it's one of my most visited posts on my website... a very hot topic in today's market. Great idea Rachel!
put Brady on colts and manning on NE throughout career, who has more rings?
Jew always welcome to break bread here
2 guys standing in a field of roses. 1st guy says "I estimate there are 130 roses". 2nd guy says, "I counted, there are 152".
U think u slick but u not slick u sly but remember a slick mf always slips or trip
There's an old guy who thinks I'm laughing at his lame jokes when I'm laughing at your tweets. This encourages him and for that I hate u all
Make your own Monday. You pick the wines to taste for only $14. Happy hour until 7pm. Enjoy
without a doubt. Enjoying some now?
Why don't you drive by Ft. Wisconsin tonight. We'll show you a supermoon
Lottery board weighs Ga. gambling proposal
[SignUpGenius] is the best free tool of its kind that I've come across on the Internet. ~Angela Newton Peachtree City, Georgia
Thanks to my new followers.
I like 1D songs when other people sing them. :)
Anything's possible, though that would be a weird technical choice.
Terrific examples! I have faculty asking me often "Why should I?" This will be helpful!
You have more in your arsenal than jelly beans.
that looks like tough duty, Brian....
Im kidding
RT People need to stop playing with the word LOVE. #EnoughIsEnough rite!!!!
Help me out people what would you like to see on the website!? tweet us back!
RT : bouts to spark up
CLAIM: Jennifer Aniston &quot;Crushed&quot; That She's Not Engaged to Justin Theroux - GossipCop
. & are terrible frenemies. Going to start thinking of them as friends. thanks again for hosting!
Very good day!
Im good
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JESSICA ! <3
It's your Cousin Steve Adelmund! I've got some tips on getting more exposure for your kick-ass vids if ya want em!
The prize will go out to the user that has the four millionth document in their delivery...so, really close :)
Gorgeous morning to walk to work.
Karlaa!!! I lost your number when I got my new phone. At what time is your birthday party??
to you and me, no, he doesn't look cold. But, to middle America, he's facts and figures. McCain is all sweet anecdotes.
thanks for the mention!
Blake is pretty legit. Don't let the KIA commercials fool you!
Rest up we need you tonight!
Hahaha dam i aint shit doe i c where yo heart at
Gov Brownback wants go away from income tax. This will definitely take away from 99 and give to the 1.
I didn't make it in time to see the last showing of Paranormal Activity 3 last night. I saw In Time instead....
Season 2...that was so last summer.
Apparently its Karaoke time in the truck today.
full of Lies
Ha! I want to be there soon for reasons you know. Right now, I'm not physically able.
Journey was such an awesome group. Timeless music
Thanks for that great compliment and posting! I'm glad you all had a great time in Vegas and at the show. Holla Coop!
OK, I gotta give it to the LOCKSS team. I have in my possession one Ballast Point Amber Ale. Danke! I will keep my daemons up to date!
You too! Hope to make it to another show soon!
Oh & hhahhaahhaha holy shit this is crazy
Cleaning my room takes forever... -_-
#iLikePeopleWho love their public libraries!
Where are the scissors when you need them?!
Ask your pendulum if certain friends and relatives of yours will die or be killed in this year or not?
Yes! First garage sale of the year for me. I scored a $1.50 purse.
where do you think the name #boyzone came from???
New Mozilla Firefox 'Do Not Track' feature: They're looking to add a feature to Firefox that enables users to opt out of online tracking.
So happy it's Friday!
book promo models at www.dawnrochellemodels.com :)
Thanks for mentioning us! #getrecruited RT: : www.berecruited.com
my charger is not working, i miss you too
We have an office in PHX. Perhaps we can meet for coffee next time I'm in town to learn more about what type of M&A advisory
oh ok thats what's up ill be waiting for them.
I know right! It was mostly all those penalties. I do hope they can come back on Thursday and win the series
now you know I'm a bit raw. The etiquette/lady like thing feels like wool on my skin. Let me think of a few ladies.
In SD with my boys
Bent reebok classic's with dirty white shoe strings? I guess I'll look at ur personality then.
my friend is the pastry chef there so she sent us home with crazy awesome desserts. My excuse is I can't let them go bad =)
2 Hell with a deficit, im all about a SURPLUS BUDGET
The tornado siren says it's noon. Recess coming after this witness.
"zip car you move me. assisting with grocery runs. and trips to the mall" xoxo, LS
A man's health can be judged by which he takes two at a time - pills or stairs. ~ Joan Welsh
Great grad seminar last night. Students really wrestled with "Hawthorne and his Mosses" and Melville's letters to Hawthorne.
girl yes tryn 2 get kids and wat not
Basketball practice tomorrow 3-5. Thanks coach for taking the best part of my day away from me.
And yeah, I'm blaming the typo on you
We really don't give a single fuck that you're high.
Happy Birthday !!!! Wishing you many more bdays to come... God Bless!! RT
Sitting in the ambulance ... Dont know for how long ... In Bolton ... #MySunday x
"Every day is a gift, and the quality of your life is your gift to yourself." Barry Gottlieb www.healthfacts4all.com
I hate that I fuxking miss u
Is it possible to loose one's own Web page?
Happy Mother's Day! :)
I wish that you would follow me.
Jeff Beck "Live King's Blues Club" in my possession, friends always rave how gr8 he is live, can't wait to hear it!
Is he a pop artist or?... English or Spanish?...
such a terrible proposal too!! Dumb dumb dumb.
"Everything is of America in Minnesota" ~
We would be forever crackin up! Lol! I know I miss our sis
watching a demolition derby!!!!
Who needs to go to Florida in February when you can experience 60 degrees in Chicago?
No. I was looking for one where you can make your own. But I LOVE this one for social skills #slpeeps Maybe I imagined it? LOL
Lay your head on my people, where you can be yourself....
Can't make living by smoking Fair?? Football like smoking:addictive, participants dont care about long term harmful effects
I can't wait for the new website!!
yes! But I play egret call/ceracopter so it'll be different. :o
built a lot around African Story to make the day pay for itself. But the big crack is The Factor. Go flat out and win.
After a week of vaca in be-utiful Mexico it's back to business!
free coffee refills? It's going to be a while.
RT : RT : Spalter: #spectrum crunch driven by consumer habits and demands.
Sounds like a plan! RT : sounds like a plan. I will stop by and we can chat.
I dont work anymore in Golds Gym - Eastern and Serene. i changed the location.... for my new clients ,contact me for details. Thnks
Tonight was on fire -- cant wait for the next one!!
Beauty is when people who step out boldly to love the unlovable even when unpopular. It's not a gifting or calling but a command-John 15:12
do not assume more downloads = more readers. Long form is a slow burn. I have Gutenberg the geek queued up.
- Do you want to meet to discuss social media and SEO? If you have a time slot for coffee, let me know. I need to push my...
listening to Fake It on Can't beat that catchy and good #Seether song!!!!
Can't wait to get my superman tan on with
If they don't feel like things are getting better by June, they're going to have to send him to AA to build some confidence.
Okay Taco Bell, first you tell me there's no lettuce. Then you tell me there's no pennies for my change. So what the fuck do you have?
I see zombies!!
What is the latest on carrier negotiations for #LonghornNetwork?
-My heart goes out to all that lose hope today.... #GodBless ed you wit a life now dont go do anything stupid nd ruin,
shakespeare was a playmaker
Nap time, exhausted!
What my dad just said >
My mom caught me saying Silicone Valley instead of Silicon Valley the other day.
Sup Fam Hope all is well Overseas! Im followin back now..stay up
#hurricaneirene is raining on my triathlon parade
Just went through a fuggin battle with thia pop machine.. $3 poorer but two drink richer..
SO excited! im going to a concert for Cody Simpson, Greyson Chance, and Miranda Cosgrove!! <3 its gonna be great
I am not
you went the wrong way :/ That's disappointing, it used to be a watermelon...
RT : Tomorrow yall. Make sure to be at bday bash at noche caliente.. TONE CITY FAMILY SO ILL BE THERE
:D :D I'm going to try my best!
hey, Theresa I have a question for your visit to the can you follow so I can DM you?
Travail Newark are currently ranking number two in Newark's best loved business!! Please vote on best of. . . And make us number one
Ran 10 miles for the first time this weekend. Just in time to race #Austin1020 on Sunday. Nervous, excited!
I only give head to blunts
AND I spilled coffee all over my desk?? this has got to be the worst start to a morning...ever.
Why am I so nervous
How has everybody been today?
Dickie: this example demonstrates need for study of stylistics.
Every little helps
I like to ask "What interests you about this position?" Good luck with your interviews!
Congratulations on your launch. It has been a long road of endurance. Your faith and Courage Leads!
My Birthday Soon Will Be Here In A Month! I Want A Present!
you too man. Enjoy!
lmfao donkey shows are the truth, DM me the address.
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby
okay! will do!
$8 billion tranche to Greece, possibly bigger write-downs for banks, but no magic bullet from Europe - looks still on track for a crack up
Follow me Please (; !!!
Congrats to A&A celebrity board member on the release of his new album "This Is Country Music". Great Stuff! Check it out!
“: Rules for texting a girl: 1. Don't take too long to reply 2. Use good grammar 3. Ask questions 4. Use the :) face”
Every Wednesday is #NSD [National Subway Day!] Austin made this day #NSD because he loves Subway! RT if you do too! (:
Get on that spin bike, you'll be glad you did!
I have had the honor of knowing some really great people which has allowed me to recognize that I am also quite great.
No matter how much you prepare, you will ALWAYS be shocked at how cold the toilet seat is in the winter!
are the niners trying to get the worst record in the NFL by drafting aldon smith? Are they going for Andrew luck?
I #Love #God so much! And I'm thankful every day that the blood of my precious savior #Jesus covers me.
Sometimes God doesn't tell us His plan because we wouldn't believe it anyway. -- Carlton Pearson
Must..have..karaeoke!
Idk why I love u, even after all the shit you've put me through & all the heartache.. What happened to the guy I loved? Cus I can't find him
Ten Crack Commandmentz.
what did you dm him?:)
Retweeting like its my job.
David Spade is hilarious
Hear that The announced that next season will start on WEDNESDAY, Sept 5th So that means we're only 29 weeks away
At Prosperity..Sang Aretha Franklin in honor of the Natal Pro-Choice Ohio fundraiser that will be taking place here on Sat. at 4pm.
Chuck Hunt really understands me, I agree with everything he says. #wearethe1%
Awesome job - thanks for letting me be a part of it!
Then it's Ghostly-Elivs playing the Belagio & Ghostly-Kurt Cobain goes tour with Dave Grohl & drinks holographic Coca-Cola.
Next up
I'd be available for occasional contract work. Feel free to check out my site and contact me for any details or questions :)
is there really enough leeway in travel to actually get better deals even when paying a finder's fee + the site's commission?
Where is Los Angeles, Japan?
we locked in a strong line up this year. :)
And they didn't rename it Wellington High?! :D
haha! I didn't want you to worry about me love <3
I'm not sure I'll have the time to do a lot of shopping. But I will try to maintain your high standards.
CHASINN THE DREAM :P
Haha I did. Too high. Deleted it.
my mother instructed me on the phone this morning to "have fun like a student this weekend, not like a responsible adult." um...
Lol I'm petty.
I just called a black girl a nigger baby. I'm going to hell.
Nice to see former Wisconsin Lutheran standout Flavian Davis wind up at a Division I school in Montana State.
Did you Know: Soil contaminated with heavy metals can pose a public health risk, especially for children who might play, and may swallow it
remember when red monkey and evizu jeans were in...lmfao
you guys killed it tonight!!! U guys were beast!!!!! Love RNG and always will!! <3333 follow??
Don't waste my time, and I won't waste yours. I'm too grown for that shit. I got kids already
EMS w.o.w. 4. When trouble arises there is always an individual who has a solution and takes command. Quite often that individual is crazy.
I prefer rubber stamps.
Bout to get to work on the homie
Lincoln Hall is pretty awesome. that's my vote. + it's a Sunday, so it 'shouldn't' be as bonkers?
Is it possible to get high from Beano?
And Brian too! Happy birthday! RT and it's brian's 64th!
Nashville, Memphis, Oxford, and New Orleans, I'm coming for y'all with some vigor next week!
I'm pretty bored.
I don't know what makes the bigger statement: that I did that or that I don't regret it.
Thank you for the mention!
awwh maybe it was an accident, and haha sure, of course! :)
Anyone gonna catch us live? APRIL 5TH, ARKAIK LIVE YOUR LEGACY TOUR 2012
hmm I'm about to be relaxing too just got out of work. How's your latest proj going! Fashion juices?
You on only live once.
FOOD TRUCKS!
Superfood, , and will be singing with the this Friday at 5pm on Healy steps! Don't miss out!
U.S. Chamber of Commerce calls for FCPA clarifications The U.S. Chamber of Commerce ’s Institute for Legal Reform recently proposed five
yeah, hahaha My friend Jireh calls me that, I call hery Jiraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
Are you really? Small world. I studied advertising until I transferred (when I got married). Then moved to communications.
Whats with Revol not getting any service? O welp
what a powerhouse group of gals!!!
thank you so much for speaking at Southwestern!! So inspirational!
Wild Wednesday from 3:30 to 5:30! Come on in, choose your game and show off your video game skills!
Exercise boosts brain power. How can we design workplaces that support exercise?
Diane Willardferd: "I lost 29lbs in 9 weeks and I didn't change my diet. Thank you Quick Gym". www.quickgymcs.com
your doing a great job
do u mean
this manic weather is so annoying...
"Ph" clearly makes the "F" sound so why would you spell Ste'ph'en & not Ste'v'en?
good luck :-)
deep freezer dario
did I just overhear you say, "It's not our first rodeo???" busted.
Perhaps, he's the "Little Teapot" aka Toulouse Latrec type...
can't wait to see your dish
once a San Antonio singer always a San Antonio singer!! #alwaystheboyoffyoutube! Love you Austin!
oh no hope it's a 24hr thingy
Well that run just sucked. Could have used a zombie to chase me for motivation
That's beautiful.
I think the running game is important. you need it to pull the defense in so you can pass over them.
Yes Thank you!!!! RT : Thank you to Councilman for making it easier for food trucks to operate on private property in...
perhaps, but it's fun if you were actually relevant in the 90s and are doing it, I suppose.
My daughter loved the show last night! I watched too, dont share
I didn't even know it was National Cleavage Day. This outfit was totally coincidental! Happy National Cleavage Day!
This episode of #SherlockPBS is going to give me nightmares, but there is no way I'm turning it off.
Hell yeah! That stuff's better than Nutella! Starting the car now...
4 birds in a row for
Floyd Mayweather just won $1.8M on that epic #Clippers comeback. This guy knows how to gamble!
and i was referring to femimommy, where else are you blogging?!
Dreams are the best part of sleeping, and dreams are one of the best things in life, they don't always come true, but man are they great.
Tonite the nite I let you know baby tonite the nite we lose control baby tonite you need that tonite believe that tonite I'll be the best
Relaxing sunny Sunday with dogs in my lap! What a day!
the patriots are gonna lose tomorrow.
Coffee date with Ivette. Rain or shine! :)
Niece engaged. Nephew had baby boy. Nephew had baby girl. It's a very Merry Christmas in my family!
that's amazing! Congrats. I love to walk but not doing it as much as I would like to.
Friday night excitement: Patio sitting, Chinese food, Big Bang Theory and bed. Admit it, you're jealous.
Ready to see if 21 Jump Street lives up to its reviews!
Sabres are up 4-0 after one. It's amazing what a team can accomplish when it isn't fielding an AHL lineup.
your dancing banana to the soundtrack of "Pjanoo" by Eric Prydz has me cracking up right now.
Frittata Ford Coppola: sausage, mushroom, and onion frittata topped with marinara and parmesan cheese with toast and hash browns.
Spring break 2012 in full effect
Foo Fighters on Conan best ever!
Legality of #Pinterest: give ample credit when credit is due.
survival is the exception.
I may be quiet, but I have so much on my mind.
What a jenk goal by the
he is driving me to work and is goin pretty fast *covers eyes* (kendall) *pulls my hand down* I got you baby don't worry :)
thanks for the RT! Looking forward to seeing you in Seattle!
we know all too well about this problem!
RT : "If you think you can do it, or you think you can't do it, you are right." Henry Ford
You're welcome, glad you like it! :)
Guys it's cold<U+E40D>
wurd. Then the wanted came on. Its was all you're lovers in the radio at once
I'm looking for a mascara for everyday look and also for a dramatic look. Can you recommend any? Thanks love your videos! :)
Bakken Museum presented with National 'Edgie' Award for Visitor Experience by the Association of Science-Technology Centers!
New tracks coming out soon in collabo with Rio
loves bigger <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
So when i left for church, i had 103 followers. I cam back and had 123 followers(: You guys are the #best<3
well hot dog, er hot brisket!
People register their complaints with me all the time and I am okay with it. I AM RARELY ALLOWED THE PRIVILEGE.
cool thanks!
Omw home from the gym and its starting to rain Ah Damn.
I ate a maple bacon donut at VooDoo donut. I might be a diabetic now. Bouncing off the walls.
you thought he was terrible? I love his music! Several of his songs will be played at my wedding.
don't get them in trouble they are a nationally dry house! haha
Beautiful fall day outside...the dog and I watching NFL Redzone. Dig it.
bout to have a choir concert but i really dont want to me here i wish would come get me cause this shit sucks
Need to find somewhere to Watch this Game
beautiful baby! :)
makes up for last season where we ran through the gauntlet, #Rays , #RedSox , #Yankees + #Twins always play us tough
hah, that was awesome! music is definitely the
Molitor limps around the bases. Did he injure himself hitting a home run? This doesn't look good, folks.
can't wait for the new episode of pretty little liarss!<3
"Mordecai! Rigby! STOP! We can ALL be turds!" I <3 cartoons during work. Thanks, for feeding my d<U+0336>r<U+0336>u<U+0336>g<U+0336> <U+0336>cartoon addiction!
inbox ready, hopefully not stuck in your spam folder! J
Wow, talk about a bipolar weekend...
Great lunch with the Aeon group. Enjoyed chatting with Atlas folks and
Great question! “: Wolf Pack fans! Why aren't you following your Offensive Coordinator! ”
The Memphis Grizzlies no longer holds the NBA record for most consecutive losses in the NBA Playoffs. A sight of relief.
We've been experimenting with wasabe - did you add it directly?
New headshots today!
The awkward moment when u finish brushing you teeth & realize you used kids toothpaste....
When you are done I will tell you my real "comps nightmare" story!
ur making me sad! I love you!
Mention thanks and love ;o)
My girl Mallyce is creating some amazing earrings! I WANT!!!!!!!
im at school:(
Happy #FF MKE!! Great people to follow... Have a great weekend everyone!! :)
My phone is being a dick, and my mouth f*cking hurts.
.. #NW The Bodyguard
Always workin hard! “: Chop was almost the first to announce the death of Seau! Great work Chop!!”
the movie was great! You should definitely go see it. There was also some good humor thrown into the movie too
hey are you still going to wear a maxi dress tomorrow?
Join our beekeeper Fred on Sun, Aug 7, 2-4pm as he guides you through BEEKEEPING BASICS. Free!
If They Don't See Your Vision, They Can't Understand Your Mission.
nope, you was probably boo booin all this time. You need some fiber momma!
FEAR drives this country,Just scare people and control them. Scare into war,scare to vote Your way,scare to loose jobs,buy a house.FEAR!
You make me feel lazy!!
Getting my second eye procedure on Thursday. Bye bye cataracts. Wow the colors will be bright onc
I'm just really not feeling it today... Smh
Keep calm and smell like Pink Sugar.
awww thanks! #ff right back at you, good to see your smilin' face
I love Orlando to death but I wanna travel the who world!
Wishing you all joy!
Have you seen Stories.twitter.com ?
I'm glad that I tuned into the #Royals Hotstove show to be reminded of how much better the #Tigers are.
Shots on goal for the first: Roc 14, Philly 10
Wisdom is ofttimes nearer when we stoop, than when we soar. – William Wordsworth
“Wasp venom contains chemicals that will alert other wasps to join in & sting the victim.” Fun fact for you...
Your life is a result of choices you make. If you don't like your life it is time to start making better choices..
nice tongue lololol. ;)
#WhyWouldYouAsk or Someone Else? -_- Wow,If you know me,I will say Mindless Behavior in a second& you wont be able to hear!
u know when a child c a toy theywant thats what its like waitin 4 your ep! Is it commin?
So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future
Two left....get 'em by emailing .com, and put MONSTER in the subject line. Thanks!
Love will find a way. -Lionel Richie
Treat the pussy like Tina I go ike on it
Thanks - looking forward to your next appearance in NYC!
Ladies, make sure to wash off your eye makeup before sleeping. Bits of mascara can cause bacteria to grow.
schreib ma zu issa follow please oft bite :D
Veronica Mars with Liz tonight :) makes me feel like I am back in Grade 12 all over again.
- Looking forward to seeing you all run tomorrow!
Gotta Pretty Smile , Smell Real Good !
:-( very sad and disturbing on so many levels!
I believe the sun never shines in Indiana, but on the positive side, I can't get sunburnt.
Time to play some SSX
We do not need to go out and find love; rather, we need to be still and let love discover us. ~John O’Donohue via RT
we love MMG this way...bro cold wit the pencil
What an honor if I can be an extension of The Saviour's work...
need your thoughts on this move
#gcyale : For domestic sites, China has jurisdiction over private intermediaries and censors through them.
How about Skipper?
He pisses me off.
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree.
haahaahaa no! I hope all the other years are goodd :)
Right, my plan has been to get the new iPad but that's a pretty sweet price for the iPad 2. Makes me ponder.
it says the video is private
hey did u win for Dj of the year at the BET awards I was rooting for you : )
Archives Day 3: ATIP requests in. Read annual reports by CAE scis JJ ONeill and KG Chipman. Now on to RM Anderson correspondence...again!
yeah actually that seems like 's style. Would be cute!
i am boy and i listen justin bieber ...im proud belieber!!!
Perfect hulk reference.
WTF Tyler Carter left Woe Is Me!!!! My fuckind day hasnt even started and it's already riuned.
That is so great, Brandon. Made me smile.
Things that make me have stabbing fantasies for $100 Alec.
lol I won't be able to be on for awhile. but I'm setting it up right now.
Facebook is going to have a real issue with Google now as a real competitor. Zuckerberg is incompetent
Of course!
I didn't want to see la win. Oh well.
Are you ready?
We aim to help athletes become complete players by combining field/court work with weight room work.
waiting is a painful game -
Stupid me. Damaged my voice last night, and now I can't audition for this awesome job. Hopefully it's still open tomorrow.
Happy Valentines Day everybody.
sorry about that 1st post, the url was wrong. the right one has been posted. wrong one deleted.
Midterms this week..oh joy..
People on this bus talking about how cool watching fights are. Okay cool. Grow up
Twitter psa : if u a grown man please stop takin self cam pics. That is woman like. Next time u try it look at yaself in the mirror. Smfh
Any predictions on the score for the game Saturday?
youu are lucky too. . wish i was that lucky:/wish tweeted me his picture saying"I LOVE YOU"
Glad I could help your Monday morning! RT : Nice! It kind of made ours too!
#RnBThrowBacks - Usher : Confessions
is it worth paying $ for a domain name that hosts a digital artwork, if, on average, only 1 person a day looks at it?
Breaking out of UO: Ducks have lifted Cliff Harris suspension. Ducks cornerback available to play today vs. Nevada
the most similar person to Jesus on Twitter is
Why doesn't pay attention to me? I'm a Florida girl!
I think you can find it at any grocery store. I've found it at Walmart before
wishin the Hawks could pull off a big upset tonight...
...and let their employees take the lead on projects they are interested in.
The google logo is very cool today!
haha so true!
Life is 10% of what happens to you and 90% how you respond
it kicks all kinds of ass. Shaolin unicorn style.
so nice to meet you and very happy to hear your Frenchy's experience has been stellar! see you next year ;)
/: please win
Hot bath after a long day >>>
Happy 1-year anniversary being a member of the team, ! We're so lucky to have you!
Man..... I am tired after a long weekend!
three new songs written today... i love days like today
Don't let someone define Success for you! Define your idea of Success and live it every day!
Measurement basics: The length of a meter is 1,650,763.73 wavelengths in the vacuum of the orange-red line of the spectrum of krypton-68.
RT : Let's invent a pay per use ebook model.
From tenant placement to maintenance, we take care of every step of the process when it comes to renting your property. --RPMCentralValley
“: Always time for Vodka! #BottomsUp”I double that.
#chucknorris dosent cut grass he just dares it to grow ! (: 4
Baby steps? How long will that take?
we meet at the Hyatt downtown at 12:15.
all I want to know is WHAT that hell happen!!! yesterday...
Did you know that food stamps don't cover basic hygiene items like toilet paper? Local food pantry told me this a.m. Outraged - are u?
It's time to make everything happen starting today, starting right now!
thank you! (:
3 hour countdown til I get out of work and start a mass murdering spree on MAG, who's comin with me?!
Aw thanks! You too! I want to catch up. When are you in Milwaukee? Shoot me an email.
I have a pair of those as well, I just don't prefer them. I wear them occasionally.
RT : Twitter > Facebook
A badass source for wine info, we're loving it!
Misunderstandings take place all the time. It is still a protected expression IMO.
i'm good. and yourself?
Let's make today a good day. Time to create my own happiness.
I did not know that! So awesome.
Its 305 and I cant sleep knowing I gat shit 2 do in da am
all i want is an apology , i at least deserve that.
Hey. Have you heard Pink Champagne yet? I just heard it a couple of days ago.
RIP Mike Wallace......LOVED that guy!
Roe: can't hold kids hostage in poor schools. They only have once chance. Giving same ex. about chronic absenteeism we've heard before.
The period of greatest gain in knowledge and experience is the most difficult period in one's life. - Dalai Lama
You woke me up and now i can't go back to sleep -.-
twitter is the new facebook
does 2pac make an appearance on that list?
Any leads on jobs in the No. VA area would be much appreciated!
: After Work Thursdays Happy Hour followed by Latin Gold Thursdays Tonight at Presented by
Have a look at the magic they are creating Just beautiful
that's not quite the case...they will still get cited like any driver..this law just eliminates impounding.
the truth is relative when it comes to judging music ... I Everyone has their own opinions
I've been using my paired to an iPad.
<------ ShoutOut and follow
marry me.
I have 7 tats.. I'm done well trying to be lol I'm getting more stars added to my hip/ bikini tat ...but that doesn't count lol
yes! I was work and me and my co worker kept on.checking our phones for the score. Haha
Good luck...may have to step away from SpikeTV for that interview.
I'm thirsty.
Jill who?
right...I have to admit she sure suprised me in how well she did!! Who needs Jenny Craig when you have DWTS
Victoria's Secret is always packed in Chicago
After this awards season I see why they cast him in a silent film.
RT : I took a whole semester in shhhhhhh! in library school.
that's awesome hahaha
#COMMUNITY is spoofing Ken Burns documentaries. Freaking awesome!
When will the booze start?
Has anyone else had keyboard layout problems with #Fedora 16 running on Dell e1505?
"Can I use this cap as a gas mask for my bearie?" asks a 7yo DudeSter as he fights sleep. Again.
Isn't that what friends do? Don't they express how they feel weather its hurtful or not?
smoke smoke smoke smoke goo
it's 100 degrees here!!! It sucks
Yeah, me too. It's been a rough sports night.
ima be home girly ! of anything change I'll let you knoe.
hi O-dog! would you ever consider doing an interview for an SDSU student/aspiring journalist?! =)
LOL 's a line from an Adele song, but I do it everyday....My fire can evaporate Any rain!
My phone doesn't take awesome screen grabs like an iPhone.
lol i pocket dial everyone.
happy happy happy happy happy happy birthday. i celebrate you!
Thousand Thursday sucks!!. Practice at 615 tmrw morning then school then back to a Mod Squad Practice with Cooper(:
Finally off
We don't have to do this We don't have to act like friends As much as I would love to I really just don't think I can
:/ This is why I barely make friends, too much fear of losing them. I never want to go through that.
hahahaha girl omFg, such a ridiculously STUPID and long tale!
So here's what I don't get: won't NBC just convince a bunch of pissed off ppl to not watch their new shoes when they drop their 3 best?
yes thank you.
#Follow us on twitter cause we might pop up in a neighborhood near you! Today we are at 301 Evelyn MT. View Ca. Come and get lunch!
Congrats to Jan Pro Sac's Ops dept. Winners of JPI's Ops Award. We've kept 99.7% of our customers! Great job Neil & Arvin!
wow 9 miles run! You go girl, I could not do that in the shape I am in.
the days i have dance class. >>
Playing my guitar rt now is my saving grace. When all else fails, stick to art and music.. it soothes the soul.
story of my life
previous tweet; what to get at Panera. :P
um, #goblue ? : The two schools have mutually agreed to end the game, Michigan wins 34-10.
Tune in tomorrow between 1 and 2pm to WAMU Radio's Metro Connection for a segment to include Jumpstart!
“Continuous effort – not strength or intelligence – is the key to unlocking our potential.” ~Liane Cordes
YES I agree, thanks for the advice
Inbox zero. Time to go home.
WHY Dave
Of Fire and Brimstone and Buckshot comes to the Kindle this Friday. Check it out.
hah you're such a hipster
WOO Im Smokin Dope!!! (N My Rozay Voice)
No one should ever feud with Rosie, even Trump looked bad for that,So feud not with Rosie, or the trinity of TV
tonight ima head to scotts to distribute my HUSTLE------->>> #ENYGMA #PARTYRIOT ADDICTION
Awww - you are too kind! Next stop, clothing drive! ;P xo
Herman Cain: "I would bring a sense of humor to the White House because this country is too uptight." ...and a little softshoe?
you can have bed.. Hes cool with it
Mowers rules!! This year--Reds world series, Bengals Super Bowl. Believe it -- mowers has spoken.
Little brother finally got your birthday message. He wants me to let you know you're pretty cool. :)
have u ever been to the us?
ayo willow, didn't I just see you in china?
you rocked that stage country style last night! I LOVED your performance! :DD
I'm tired of being tired!
Will Romney win all of tonight's primaries as expected or will we perhaps see some freakish results with low turnout?
Girly i freaking LOVE you to DEATH! you are just soo amazing and so freaking BEAUTIFUL :D Te amo <3
From rally to restore sanity - "Obama restore arrested development". Priceless.
Bored than eva
It is getting time for my raise
I don't like you, now go away.....
#Colorado #civilunions opponents now testifying at State Affrs cmte. Same discredited argumts, not that it matters here.
creative motivation: Nothing encourages creativity like the chance to fall flat on one's face~James D. Finley
No! you are now a Flyers wife!.
My 19 year old just put $30 worth of diesel fuel into her car... Ouch!
wow. that is a long time… if it is a serious bleed, it might not be a bad idea.
Fuk #ROC I'm so over this weather.
- you can still get full feeds for all gawker sites, just add /vip.xml to the domain name, i.e. gawker.com/vip.xml
Congratulations man! awesome final round
i want nathan ryan's number!
Woke up early but I am praising God for giving me another day!
hurts like a bitch to get tat
Sweet, sweet vengeance. CHELSEA!!!!
Love it!
Nobody ever died of laughter.~~~~~~~~~~Sir Max Beerbohm
Walker attacks Tom Barrett over MPS graduation rates? I didn't realize the city controlled MPS....
Come back!! #itmissesyou RT i miss nashville and wearing shorts and hanging out with and writing 24/7
Just remembered young Dennis Hopper plays a teenage jerk in Rebel Without A Cause. Makes watching it over and over much more bearable.
Feeling slightly better than yesterday, but I still need to recover more before districts this Thursday!
Taylor Swift gets artist of the year? Over Adele? What???
thank you! We appreciate you coming in to see us!
Just curious, what is the general ratio of callbacks for video auditions versus in person auditions for everyone? Any difference?
Behind the scenes with this year's Bakers Dozen!
#Austin #McCain is now blaming illegal immigrants for the wild fires. This guy needs a nap.
My birthday is Thursday May 24th
Happy birthday !!! Ur so talented and ur gorgeous. I hope u get famous and successful <333
Listening to Mayday Parade on a nice day >
LOL....and one of the few not lip-syncing. ;-)
21 tweets till 19K - gotta think of something deep - or foolish - or most likely both
I think im finally to that point in my life where i need to start drinking coffee...eek :/
went thru taco bell drive thru Lady said my total and said go to the next window. I yelled back CHICK IM RIDIN' ROUND, IM GET'N IT!!
Choosing to stand instead of taking the open seat right next to someone on the bus.
Goodnight Twitter :) <3
Thank you for the mention.
#CrunchCast 29 was HUGE! answering questions from the thread
Teenage boys painting childrens' faces > Anyone else painting childrens' faces
gone cause me to have gray hair before I reach my old days but that's my bae and I wouldn't trade him for ANYTHING!
1 more hour
actually not that bad. Had an orchestra backing them. Plus, any act that performs at that venue is gonna sound awesome. haha
yo the edgewood beer distributor has that beer you were talking about the other day. its cheap as hell.
man I knw they were a little out there already charging 4 carryons, but the new fees r just str8 whack! Bad on
THEIR DANCING WAS FUCKING GOOD.
Still praying for forgiveness for my understanding of the world since 1988.
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
It was a smashing success. I'll be sure to include you in some of the tweets I send out during the CEO Panels.
Spotify is pretty cool but I think I was more impressed when they invented auto-reverse. Now THAT was life changing.
Just read it again: composite growth
#Draping now there is a trend I can support! The body is relaxed but the mind is working overtime
Shadow on my curtain....I keep thinking the cat is on my rocking chair!
I dont want to be around models, photographers, clubs, gold diggers, ballers, or Miami! So sick of fake things!
Don't act like you don't like it! Hahaha RT : So bored watching bring it on. The fuck dude??
are you going to be at Austin's concert in NYC?
"Ms smile this morning" Oh I'm excellent just in deep thought on how good God is; he woke me again & my mental is positive!
Jammin this money bags by my girl
Nostra-Dakich ": r u ever wrong? First one to say on Sun not to count out Pacers too early natl media said were done”
It's 2012. You'd think by now DQ would have a better way of properly mixing Blizzards.
One thing I have to say my 'friend'; say good bye to your stuff ;)
There was credit. They're was just an extra letter added by accident.
Don't forget to use your #HolidayShoppingCard, only three days left to get 20% off all glasses and sunglasses in our shop!
Wedding planning is getting in the way of hiking this weekend. Luckily the honeymoon is a backpacking trip in Banff.
when did you text me butt lick? I didn't get it..send again!
A? For real?
what reason could there possibly be to bitch about toddlers?
Today I will be learning how to build a shelter in Minecraft. Soon I will have the Tower of Doom I've dreamed of.
Upside to hosted software: forces a consistent user interface.
Hoboken is literally drunk fest!!! Reeks of booze!! Ugh wish i was 21!!!
U only support CORPORATE ART, Huh?...LOL :-P
I think we might have something you're looking for. No storage caps, bandwidth via CDN, high quality streaming.
Hmm...? And people always want to know what I think psh.
Well I guess you could vote GOP&turn back clock:no clean air&H20,no birth control
grew up in WI and played hockey at a high level. Fighting hinders the game. Watch the fluidity of college and Olympic hockey
People only rain on your parade because they're jealous of your sun and tired of their shade.
Take the negative voice, gag him, beat the shit out of him, and stuff him in a closet. Lol!
“: If this dude don't wake his vampire ass up... #comeonbruh” im up GM son! (yawn) Happy Hour for Breakfast O_o
Yeah they've had that halftime show scripted before the playoffs started. They just insert whatever team they are playing.
Yes, September would be harder.
i looked in my dresser and i found the DS that signed like 4 years ago at a signing. i waited for 4 hrs for that thing.
Four steps to business success - #facebook step #3: Engage your fans with quality content - our favorite part!
Made pumpkin and I a nice healthy breakfast now I'm at work ready to go to sleep -_- lol
Yay! You're very welcome. Enjoy!
let the countdown begin! :) what a great saturday night! Will you be staying for #Kottaras behind the bar? :)
ohh yeah i think so. .
It is so wonderful to see SYTYCD alums on #DWTS and #FBB shows!!!!
HAHAH! Too far if you ask me
Keep Hope Alive?
RT if you wanna play guess the song! Winner of each round gets a shoutout! xx
at work right now, wheres all the pretty girls at?
Earthquake in delhi, about 6.6. Quite a shake, looks like no injuries
's #dogwoodfestival performance = success! Can't wait to sit down and edit some undoubtedly amazing videos & pictures!
Really digging Seven Steps to Heaven this week.
haha no problem! Aw that's good! Have a great weekend :)!
It was fantastic and all the actors were stupendous.
Way to go Rodgers & Co.! Right back at the Colts!
He has 2 take a dump B4 leavin Lol
Why don't you put her to bed, then?
Do you realize the words you say, make bruises that dont fade away? -Are you happy now-Meg and Liz
Velo down?!?! Cause for concern.
sound exactly like my convos with my hubs
Time to stick a fork in it friends! Good bye!
Hate when technology messes up..
Congrats Mandy!!!! RT : My last week as an Education Abroad Advisor New adventures coming soon!
The OG signup page got a huge makeover! Ok, no it didnt. I changed a background color. Why? It wants you to sign up => opengrooves.com!
no way, today's my last day to eat crap and we have a lot if cookies in the house. well.. we did
Mass street is currently a pedestrian mall as KU celebrates a Final Four appearance.
thanks for the follow! Nice work as well! ;)
congrats Mr. Philadelphia Music with the Superstar I love that woman! this is
No, I lied. The bread pudding sucked.
Check out They'll have you feelin' some time of way ;)
Someone come to Champaign and hang out with me
Overheard on the phone: "The older people don't get on social media and complain."
Pedophiles ruin it for van drivers who really do just want to give out free candy.
Thanks for the retweet, Vegas!
Its cause Im Mexican \_(@)_/
Caught up w/ 2day & wish we had more time 2 keep talking! 1day I'd love to do a radio show w/her so we could talk all the time!
Me: Hey babe, you smell that? Him : No.. Me: Me neither, start cooking!"
Don’t forget to stop by the #Hillcrest Farmers Market for fresh, local produce to use for your favorite Cinco de Mayo weekend recipes!...
First band practice with the new band!
My suitcase left for Jordan last night. Wish I had left for Jordan last night! N says she will send a pic of my suitcase by the Dead Sea...
Baseball players >
Thanks Scott. I like your Chicago blog
OH - "I'm sorry, sometimes date rape is perfectly appropriate. I don't know when, but sometimes." Wow- I can't even tell you who said that
CEO pay exploding? Sounds like the dark days of 2007.
#Rockies Pomeranz comes out for 7th. He's at 100 pitches.
Girl put your shirt down in your picture. NO ONE wants to see that
Today I get to listen to a lot of German at work. 8 hours of digitizing interviews in real-time. Fun.
fuckin a again!!
i'll the bad guy who will take the black eye .
It's a round cut...that angle is from the top. I'm really excited!!
getting ready for Tim Ezell! Are you ready to bowl Tim? We are!
Omg. My mom is going to compete in the Irish club's version of Dancing w the Stars. amazing on so many levels.
Relay teams: plan to go to the expo packet pickup as a team! Plan, pick up RTD info - tix on your bib - get your beer wristband!
Had great performance got lots of hugs :D and complaints but they changed the songs on me but u think i did great according 2 clapping <3 !
Take care of your Mind First and the body will follow!
#dodgers win again yes!!! with the game winning hit, il take it. Gimme that best record in the
We keep the company of our fathers and be in mighty company. Who knows more than they do? For they know not what we..But a little more
looking forward to a day on the couch, with a wedding later on tonight. need to find my dancing shoes...
Dentist! Let's hope this goes well!
yes my dear...again
Venturing out to get some little caesar's.....the only place in these parts of Brooklyn where I can get food. Lolz
Haha, it does. I will pratice my hardest. :) Any tips??
Plopped down in DuPont on a blanket. Come say hi!
in that case, imma punch the shit outta you. Lol
we have oficially started panel
Android. Far and away. Let's do lunch next time you're downtown and I'll demonstrate. :-)
what's funny is I started to give him directions. Then I was like duh! He works for Google. He knows how to find us.
I do now!
I just hope all this attention doesn't stoke the curiosity of the fire and building inspectors! gulp
Its a weeping and a moaning and a gnashing of teeth!
Some choose to stay in Hip Hop, I choose to work in both Hip Hop & Corporate fields... Film is film to some, and Film is life to others.
Confirmed. I did see Ron Jeremy wearing Crocs earlier.
*sigh* I need some sun
I interviewed Tortorella once in Phoenix
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Only positive people with positive goals that are on my level!
"You smell like pine needles and have a face like sunshine!"
I never thought I'd be hime, drinking a soda and doing school work on a Friday at 11 p.m.
But of course! Just feel free to drop by.
All things come to he who waits
Making dreams come true.
Picking up my daughters mother from dialysis. BRING ON THE RAIN!!
I followed #slpeeps for awhile before participating.
EVERYBODY wants a relationship, NOBODY wants a commitment.
Kansas city airport has got to be the worst airport for a long layover and a delayed flight on top of it
I'm trying so hard not be thirsty for these two girls on Instagram lol
Maybe :p keep me posted!
John Hirsch of IPI points out that top three negotiators in Iran nuclear issue today are all women.
#ParticipatoryBudgeting IS a People's Budget!
a! playing like stupid girls hahaha
Hybrid browsing. FF4 for most things, Chrome for app shortcuts to Calendar, Tasks, Tweetdeck.
i just sent both of the pictures then put my name in the email thingyy
Client made a good point today - we've become desensitized to European debt woes. Portugal was downgraded to junk and we all hardly blinked
no like I legit lost track. LOL
Go away..
Hope my sister-in-law can spare a few newspapers, lol
It's to god damn cold to be chillin' outside.
Hwy 100 North bound north of the Tosa Post Office complete gridlock. Avoid like the plague.
You should do it for sure!!! Make a video and drop it on Youtube. Step one to going on your own DJ World Tour!
Power out in the offices of CBS Radio/Tampa.. I am afraid of the dark so in the studio w/ and
Let's hope that the Wolverines play well in the conference games!
I'm up! Kinda at em'... Everyone get in the car, time to drive to Denver YO!
Awesome, I'll get those to you ASAP
It is an enormous simplification to speak of the American mind. Every American has his own mind. - Ludwig von Mises
<~~~~~ THIS NIGGA LOOKING CUTE. OH NIGGGGA.
This paper is coming together.
Had to scoop up a new phone. It was fun while it lasted my never charged Evo.
texting buddies needed
Can't stop listening to Ed Sheeran. His lyrics are absolutely genius and his songs are pure
No I'm not lucky I'm Blessed...
dammit Tom, don't you EVER confuse those two again.
We all have dreams. But in order to make dreams into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, & discipline. -Jesse Owens
I'm starving :/
now your gonna have to explain to that poor old man how you lied...
I'm almost mayor!!!!
Give #UWM #SID staff member Chris Zills () a follow for all kinds of #Baseball, #MSoccer and #Swim informational goodness.
Gracias <U+270A> lol RT : a las nueve y media ---&gt; “: What time is the Laker game tonight ?”
So...did anybody else feel an earthquake???
« On this day in 1940, the cut the clipping penalty from 25 yards to 15 yards.»
Who wants to drink tonight?
I do what's right in my eyes.. This all i know
with gratitude and thanks. the press release is gonna' rock!
I've already lost to turtle sex.
I needed that workout, had to sweat all that crap I ate and drank out.. Now its time to pay bills
Idk y I keep putting myself in the same situation to end up with the same results
One of my new years resolution is to make sure i watch every ustream every friday!(:
in the "upgrade" spot, there is an option that says eliminate ads, so i'm guessing the free version adds ads :)
Baby all I want for Christmas is YOU!!!!!!!
What was your biggest upset in the tournament so far?
. thank YOU! Between that and the awesome app, I feel like I'm a convert! :)
More tracking this weekend in the heat. Only one/two more basics to go.
Podratz hits first homerun in 'Bows 4th straight loss
"Even heroes have the right to bleed."
Just had surreal shopping experience. Avocados were cheap, hummus and greek yogurt were both in stock.
agree, my friend! "I want to look through the 100,000 jobs..."
Dinner at was fantastic as always! Finally had the spicy black bean burger. :). Thanks for the photography.
Perhaps Manson could learn this from Alice Cooper: there comes a time for taking up a hobby like golf and being lower key.
that's encouraging-- it's hard to tell whether it'd be too intimidating for the more psych-orientied students
This did not work out, by the way. RT : I VOW NOT TO SEE VAJ.
aww small Bruno soo adorable! I want to pinch his cheeks
Hey...I found you nose it was in my business again.....
some of jazz greats will be performing at the ...i'll be there...
What an exciting game! Had a blast performing at the Jack Scott Tournament!
My job is preventing me from adhering to my "I hate everything more than usual so I'm going to do weird shit to my hair" pattern. UGH.
yes you are the cutest thing ever!!
Only until we meet him in the world series..
Nobody ever fucking talks to me like that.
STOP TELLING EVERYONE MY LIFE STORY CARL! Just kidding love you :D
You can't be friends with someone you're in Love with.
What an amazing conference call with Miss USA 2002! I always enjoy listening to inspiring women.. GIRL POWER! :)
People on this train smell like shit!!!! #HomelessNotAllowed!!!!
what's your PSN name?!? Please play some black ops with me!!!
ayyeee. Come swoop me up in Jolie and lets Ride up outta here
lol, thanks. I try.
Dear San Diego New Year's party people...good game.
no problem at all
I stood in front of Austin the whole time.
People wish for plots and stories to follow a desired path. Music, movies, sports, whatever. We quickly determine what we want.
They created a curling iron for the computer to create Merida's beautiful hair in Brave. 111,000 curves on her head
Watching #SOTU in a Carrboro bar was definitely the way to go. MUCH better w/good friends & compatriots than alone w/computer screen.
Honoring officers who keep our streets safe from drunk drivers... Many with well over 100 arrests just last year
Watching an Auto-Biography on Johnny Carson. #ctfu I really must be THAT bored. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I tweeted this to trick klout into giving me an achievement.
With minimal production from Brown and Roberson I am surprised were not down more.
LMS if you recognize this line: "You without me is like corn flakes without the MILK!"
In my purse: Imported Nutella, leftover Indian food, magnets. Good night.
thanks for the feedback! Working on blue gill. Try the fish tacos next time maybe a better preparation.
“: :O seriously! I suppose you must have been too busy enjoying the matches :)” Yup! :-)
It's way too nice of a night for all this fuckery.
Sorry but I gotta unfollow a bunch of obnoxious followers... Tweet something that's not self promoting or a overused quote sometimes please!
I'll walk with you c;
are you having a viwing party for your food network debut?
thats very true
Damn,I've been sleeping all day!! Now Ghost Whisperer Marathon :)
Thanks for the retweets :)
Beat the heat with 1/2 off Appetizers and specialty drinks every Wednesday at Los Cabos!
98% of the game is half mental. --Yogi Berra I'm thinking Yogi may have been on to something in the relationship area too with this quote!
Gotta get up and go get it son
All of you go follow , the twitter feed of the Journal of Southern Religion, right now! :)
In order to hurt my feelongs, I must first give a fuck about your opinion, for that, it must be intwlligent and valid
Thanks for the RT and I apologize for being so late in showing my appreciation!
Congratulations on your new chef!
"Life begins at the end of your Comfort Zone." ~Neale Donald Walsch
Its like it starts over every week
Waiting on the games to come on ! YUP
cannot imagine dating that much. But your hottie-nerdness knows no bounds, so I give you props for living for us less bold peeps.
#Protectionist - Japanese Auto corps R building factories in US & several cars have more "MADE IN US" parts than US Automakers. They Rock!
idk man I thin your friend is crazy, eric woulda told us I'm sure...
RT Follow Central Florida's Entertainment Promotion Company.
My phone is goin hard tonight aiding me in answering all these trivia questions at Late Night lol
Willing to add anything from Canad to the list! :)
Nancy Everhart went around to many schools seeking their vision plans
Some days I'm incredibly impressed with our team (even more evident in correspondence with another agency that's wasting time.)
#ExpansionLife “: Chewing Gum: Breakfast of Champions”
Wow, you're really gangster in your ford explorer at speedway.
r.i.p. Jimmy Castor
“ The worst part of being strong is that no one ever ask if you're okay.”
lmao this is why I live you Mel
so swamped with work. but it's better to chip away at it than to not do it at all.
Absolutely killed it today - did someone say 5-0-0??
Beautiful office! Would it be enhanced by a legal-themed chess set?
It's not ok for my phone to already be at 74%.
Our (20)12 Days of Free Pizza trivia question is coming up - winner gets a $25 gift card! Stay tuned!
dude, you can't deny did an amazing cover of #BOMT ... so much MMC goodness
Boarding flight to Africa for the first time in my life.
Like Rooney Mara's dress, except for the weird halos around her boobs.
thanks man
ALL THIS SWAGG ON ME
I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw some things back.
Rip Junior Seau<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Good idea! We used to do a chant and have each quadrant of the arena chant a letter. May have been Go-C-B-J.
W/Memorial Wknd comin to a close.. lets mark on ur calendars 4 SUNDAY DRAG BRUNCH!! (June 5th) Jenna Skyy & Krystal Summers will b hosting!
You give me very few reasons,
Am trying to figure out when/how to take defensive driving course. Am mentally preparing self not to shop until 2012.
Excuse me
i'd like to be everything you want <U+2665>
For mothers day my kids gave #Bou gift cards! Off to use one! I wonder if needs a northern light delivery anytime soon? :-)
Despite flu virus infection, managed to finish revisions of prologue of book about flu. Ironic? Yep.
why do you think that??
DHC is excited to announce our newest team member, Hayley Graham from ! We can't wait to get her on board!
Flying home from #iste11. Thanks to everyone we spoke to and listened to.
I could live my life like a patient man
Can't find my sheet for the essay we have to write for English. Great.
Arctic monkeys with my super hot girlfriend
I'm having Taco Bell for lunch and my office is looking at me like I'm shooting up at my desk.
fine. i retract my tweet. if all my best friends were in CA THEN it'd be everything i want. okay, ?
I can't stand when idiots can't get the hint to shut up or quit trying to talk to me.. If I NEVER reply to you, take the hint.
Curse you autocorrect! "Imma be" is not considered proper grammar...unless you're a Black Eyed Pea.
why so thirst ? o.O lmaooo
You rock! Thank you so much, Mike!! Very much appreciated!! :)
hola! You know what tomorrow is?
ouch! Cool ink!
#bestnewsever I missed your face!! MT : According to my boss, I will be doing some jidging this season on #sytycd, season 9 :)
#Broncos.... Wish you would've beat the
how much rotation?!
Wtf. The jehovia witness are here... RUN!!!!
Don't know how to feel or what to do.
But I cant complain
'dont violate badman in de building!cross,angry and mad in d building!'.
Getting my nails done with my mom and sister
When is getting high too much to bare? When you have to start smoking crack to feel high.
The follishness of the gospel is also the truth! It's hard to believe He died, its even harder to believe He's alive! But it's the gospel!
Too much makeup cannot conceal internal insecurities.
Great to hear!! RT : ah, I see :) I'm happy out here in the farmland, I want to see it preserved too :)
Another snow storm heading our way? A winter weather advisory for central Ohio tonight...oh, btw, it's not even officially winter yet!!!
WEED is fuckin Awesome
you're in class aren't you? lol
"I Want Your Money" @ #CPAC Theater. Sat,9am. Intro by Dir. Ray Griggs. Open to ALL - We'll see you there! www.iwantyourmoney.com
We shouldn't. We should have more faith in ourselves than that....Course, I need to learn 2 listen 2 my own advice sometimes.
BPOC core funding extended for another year! More job postings soon. Looking for a membership system deployment project manager and a DBA
Hi guys just wanted to wish you well on your journeys. We will be on tour this summer mostly east coast. Stay cool!
My whole day revolved around the quote "if something could possibly go wrong, it will go wrong" luckily it won't bother me too much
ITZ IMPOSSIBLE TO NOT LIKE D-BOY, ALL THE LADIES LOVE ME CUZ IM GETTIN BREAD BOY
Announcing the best pause job contest! Press pause once & try 2 get the most awkward facial expression! @ me in posts with pics! I'll #ff!
Another great haircut experience at local #Austin owned - Thanks! Wouldn't go anywhere else!
Pretty girls!
Were people nice to you?
pretty impressive memory
Totally excellent morning doing sketch art at with Mary! She's brilliant at art direction and easy to work with.
thats what we like to hear! cant wait to have you sporting the clothes!
At the bar I was coerced to choose which team I was a fan of. Said I'd choose the closest team to Cedar Grove, so by 1 mile I'm a #duke fan
No homework to do....this is weird
RT 1 in 13 jobs in wisconsin were related to tourism industry. #wigcot. This is 2010 data
i miss your face! :)
Omg this movie is sad
I think one of the reasons I'm not as excited for the new Star Trek film is because they're being so secretive. Give me a break.
What about digi distro for composers? We tend to price all our #PSNY scores very reasonably :)
Everyone have a fantastic time supporting a great charitable cause tonight at #BeckettBowl and remember we want to see your updates :)
First camper is already setup at Monroeville Best Buy.
watch out. They don't have a cream for icelantic crabs Bert.
Wow, Dreams about the end of the world are always intense, but invisible cars? Intruging. Your dream spans multiple genres!
Q1: Let parents check out iPads for interactive ebooks.
& im not thinking about smoking #Yuck i did that in ma younger than what i am nw days
Instead of taking "Makeup Seminars" or "Workshops" come train with the BEST! Job Placement help after your Graduate!
just a layover!
FA SHO RT Yup RT : Could someone's similar taste in music be a #TurnOn to you?
Dave, see u there! RT : ...I'm looking forward to speaking at the Convention banquet this Saturday
More free stuff again today....check it out Madison!!
I get mine done but I would try! Lmfao
My computer is going to have the sexiest abs after all the crunching it's done this week.
i can't follow you
Intercourse, YES!
Do #Bulls clinch if win tonight? The #Bulls can go back to a 2.5 game lead over Miami for Number 1 seed with a Win Tonight
D3 and don't look back!
"Bristol Palin criticizes Obama for talking his gay marriage decision over with family and friends" <- Y R ppl listening to Bristol Palin???
right niggas wasn't makin no commission
Interviews with new Phoenix Coyote's Mike Smith and Raffi Torres are now up on AzSportsTalk.com!
well shoot girl! Lol
Punctuality is the politeness of kings. <U+6642><U+9593><U+53B3><U+5B88><U+306F><U+738B><U+306E><U+793C><U+7BC0>
This black woman just deleted your answer tone on my phone-somehow I can't reconcile your comments with your "love" for blacks
Doing final prep for my art show tomorrow night, painting a few canvas edges & wiring... it's gonna be great!
because of one idiot who sent some autoplay music within his comment we've got to delete many others in order to find the motherfucker..
IU's Straight No Chaser at The Paramount on Sun. July 17 at 5:30pm tickets avail. online or at the box office. See you there! Doors at 4:30
To Paris
matt green! Where you living these days?
NO CLASS SATURDAY!! WORKSHOP & MASTER CLASS ANNOUNCEMENT SOON!
go to thunder bay ontario where they have a 24hr booze taxi
Stocking up on alcohol. A bottle a day keeps us fucked up in may!
Lol I am not. Cause this boy always wants to be thirsty. He's just mad
looking to set up book clubs with inner-city high schoolers...any suggestions?
this chick has my car smellin like beer and cigarettes
Beautiful day in #phoenix!
I'm hereby launching the YOGO movement. You Only Get One. Don't say YOLO more than once...a lifetime.
yup! Makes ya feel a lil old huh? Lol
As reported by Anna Wintour doing dress checks @ the Met Ball - Love that little bob wearing chick!
just enjoyed a sandwich from the #Greenwood Market. It's a great place to go for a healthy, simple, cheap lunch!
sup bro ??
Brunswick ME Rail investment an example for others- "TX, OK,K KS seize the day <br>with Passenger Rail Symposium" htt//bit.ly/HsTkC0
LoL! i know you well!
i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you i love you <3
re:Music, clearly he has never heard the Britney.
If yall dont STOP drawing on yall eyebrows! That is not cute, talking about you filling them in! No, just stop!
argentina makes good churrasco
“the Lin story is about how a society full of nonsense and noise …and manufactured products, we ache for real magic. thx
Victoria Justice is very beautiful :)
A factoring company is only concerned with your company’s credit worthiness, not with your business’s debts.
“: Austin City Council has voted to ban plastic bags starting next year. via ” Yay Austin!!!
We've got some talent in our group and they designed some scarves that for the LadiesofSKC check out Facebook
When a guy cheats on his girl with you, dont be suprised if he does the same thing to you.
Happy Mother's Day! I am blessed with a wonderful mom.
: What are u doing up at 4 anyway?? Shouldn't u be sleep lol
i was the short guy that came in around 11:15 that spent an hour looking around
A day of complete non-productivity. Yes.
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: A gay relationship does not have "guy" and "girl" roles. If there were a girl involved, it would be hetero...duh!
Hrmm... not at the moment. All West Coast through the summer (which some frequent visits to the beau in Chicago). You out west?
Do you know the status of the person who was in the water near the Key Bridge? Can't get through to PIO...
Bad day :(
u somethin else
RT Married 41 yrs. Love to race/build hot rods.Love Nascar because of Danica Patrick. USAF soldier duringVN. Artist, photog
that's me!
I gotcha, that's why I stopped, I left that shit behind with myspace but I can't let somebody have the last word
The entire (US) medical profession starts counting ALL pregnancies from 1st day of LMP. Legislation codifies (dumb) practice.
Ready for two days of Risky Business!!! JLurie was great at registration!
It's BOUT DAY! Tickets will be available at the door for $15. See yinz there!
76ers open series with the Bulls Saturday!!!! LETS GO SIXERS!!!
it sounds like you've read THE WAR OF ART. Have you?
#lsuau 2 bad passes from Lee ends the last Tiger drive
You got that right brutha
So done with everyone right now....
Any time New York beats Philadelphia, its a very good thing. Helped by Union ineptitude, but ill take it.
Had a great time tonight at the #techcrunch #meetup in #nyc. Great meeting everybody!
Before I go crazy
Lunchtime is not coming quick enough...Olive Garden bound :-)
Love that place! Played their a few times, Paddy is a great guy.
Fired up and so blessed to have the "Z" family on board with us! RT : Great start to the day
Ok I changed my pass, Let's hope that changes things
Sometimes I look at pictures of myself and I think, "Is that really me?"
I don't want to switch to CFL bulbs. There, I said it. I like the look and feel of incandescent bulbs.
Who is the moron that decided to make Tim Brewster a sideline reporter for a Minnesota game?
Asked my 1-3 grd soccer team during Bible time if any of them had heard of Moses. 1st response: "Isn't he the one that turned into a llama?"
Anyone copping the Taxi Lebron 9s tomorrow?
You're only fooling yourself. Stop and enjoy your life.
Night is falling: at dusk, you must have good eyesight to be able to tell the Good Lord from the Devil. ~JP Sartre~in other words el cucuy
Virtual Citizens declare their love & commitment 2 the Eternal
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 2
Completely agree. Best summer in ages. RT : July of 2012 is going to be a tremendous month for geeks.
don't tease me.
RT I love dirty dirty house music
yoooo and i thought chicago weather was bi polar damn san antonio get yall shit togetha lol
"Buy mushrooms before they ""open."" When stems and caps are attached<U+FFFD>snugly, mushrooms are truly fresh."
what's your gamertag?
thx for all the support! U rock!
It just doesn't ring true to laugh it off, say it was a prank, or say you don't remember.
yep. going to make my next tape good
Going to try something else for pain . "You may experience some discomfort?' Yeah, right. Feels like truck ran over chest!!!
entertaining as always
arizona+immigration+law
Schiraldi: When I joined my department rats and cockroaches were crawling on the kids in JJ facilities at night.
Gifted life.
no:( I'm at Kristies for Joey's surprise party! Are you still at work?
Was just thinking the same thing. Halladay's filthy... RT 3-0 vs Roy Halladay might as well be 100-0, ballgame.
team w getting excited
back is hurting really bad tonight.... making an apt monday.
my friend loves u and today is her Birthday. :-)
I feel happy at times we have had angry words but these have been kissed away.
! Still need to find a place in Vegas that sells #hiking boots before I leave next week for Wyoming.
America&#39;s Most Bad Air &#39;Polluted&#39; Cities!… :: Jetsetting Magazine
no problem!
Woah. Once again, your office is way better than our office!
Looking forward to your #smbmad presentation in May!
my hair is red now o.o lets see how mercy likes it. hehe
I'll hurry as much as I can? We don't start driving until the 26th :/
Watching #planetterror with ass kicking
please save October 13th, 2012, to attend the 4th annual Accessibility Camp DC event.
i do what I want!
Tonight's Foreign Film is "The Butterfly" (France 2002). A very sweet film that somehow stayed relatively unknown. Starting @ 7:30pm
Great Show TH in Riverside & gr8 interview on too! there is a pic here on my twitter page for you all:) Thank u!
Had breakfast radishes w butter, lamb charcuterie, lamb bolognese (I die!) & vino tonight at Ardeo! Love tasting 's menu!
Taking the elevator all the way down without any stops.
hellz yeah ! RT : Man I'm excited about this #Brewers game!! Time to take the division lead!!
RT Lidstrom on #RedWings taking penalties: You can't let the officiating throw you off your game. No excuses.
nice! I just saw the other night... He killed it. This should be a good show.
What is your real identity?
You're pretty limited in customization when you're not a partner. You can create a nice background image with information...
whats up wit ya. Thanx for the follow.
bro why are you outside when it's this windy?
Beautiful day in San Antonio. Warm sunshine, cool breeze, new moon.
Honestly even if Lakers had won in 4. Don't think it would have mattered. Thunder is just to long young and athletic for them.
Don't give them any ideas!
Did you ever wish you could die, but be alive at your funeral; just to see who would be there, just to see who would cry?
My GF just told me she wants something with a lot of diamonds for her birthday, I'm gettin her a deck of cards!
Just waiting on the server folks to finish up some tweaking and will be sending out keys to people. Should be this weekend!
Did Rachel Maddow do something different with her hair tonight?
Batman DVD cannot be RIPPED? Anyone know about this?
Just arrived in columbus staying at the sickest house and chillin with nicest people ever!!
Beautiful morning! The pool cover is so coming off today.
The difference between semicolons and colons is the difference between correlation and causality. That is why colons are better.
not even if I throw in a high five? So much good stuff in the west village besides pizza :-)
Its in the mail right now “: I will pay $100 to whoever brings me a beer and some food ASAP”
R.O.C. was right on point. I'm still playing 1977 tho
Good morning Cakers! Happy Thanksgiving! I'm thankful for each and every one of you. You make my heart smile! Enjoy your day!
okay twetted u give me followers
WRESTLEMANIA TONIGHT!!!! SO EXCITED!
Bacon giveth and bacon taketh away. But seriously, congratulations. As a newlywed myself, I'd say just enjoy. Time will fly.
oh no! They changed my 1550 WHIT station format. Is a 50s-60s station without having to listen to Boston too much to ask?
Would have loved to see some Sporting Blue on the field tonight. Good luck LA & Houston.
Choosing between El Camino and High Violet vinyl was such a hard choice. I'll be back for you someday, High Violet.
Thanks for the follow
It's 7AM in the morning, I still have not been asleep and I am up learning more about advance features in Sony Vegas Effects.
Erica Newland #CDT Opt-out is harder and harder. Not using Net & critical apps is like not using electricity.
Be honest. How many of you had to google "MCA" before posting "RIP MCA?"
Yo jay what are you up too? Can i come over and unlock my phone lol
Really. #shocked . She is so confusing . Drama . WOW. :/
Thank you! I'm thrilled that you are enjoying it!
wow. This had been somewhat entertaining :-/ lol same thing happened to me! Beliebers are feisty!
Thanks for "following" me, I'm new to twitter. May be moving to CO within the next 2 years.
Few hrs ago, nothing on the calendar. Now I have 2 w/in the wk. That's what I get 4 checkin my email.
The Penguins are finished, but I'll watch to the bitter end (probably Wednesday).
My favorite site about dirty cops is www.injusticeEverywhere.com, These guys are on 'em! Been a great writer's resource.
Allowing visitors to control interpretation? No wall labels?
Just seen a midget on a bike
This month needs to be over with !
Today was weird. I went through crazy EMOTIONS all day but it ended with a great cresendo. Thank you God for being present in my life.
S/O to my new follower
You're the best!
Never resting time, leads summer on, leads summer...on.
yaa I was gonna do it the other day but got busy
How long does Stars usually take to get an account reinstated? Debating insta-moving and getting set for TCOOP vs WPT Borgata then moving
Quick break by ; lead now 13-6, 3:05 left first half.
Life just doesn't go the way you want it to... But that's a good thing!
Crowd sourcing being discussed at #webwise. Can crowdsourcing work for #oralhistory? I hope
hi im a new Author
yeah karla told:)
nice I wish was there also. Where are you guys sitting?
Women fake orgasms to have relationships. Men fake relationships to have orgasms.
and I'm NOT claiming old lol
Happy may!
# south African champagne > ANY
Any feedback on how well this works? RT Visit www.benefits.gov to discover what you may be eligible for
and here we are, MONTHS later. Unreal. Where is the justice...
Yeah, I know what you're thinking, bird hipsters: "How do you mix up a red finch and a grosbeak?" I don't know, okay? I don't know.
thanks for the kind words!
Wow, such a great day! I just finished playing Prof. Matt Micheal's personal Baby Grand Piano!
any way you could come meet with the team to talk social media, Thursday April 5th at 4pm? :)
yea so whats up
New Year’s Eve Ball Drop Goes Even Higher-Tech [COMIC]
": Did you brush your teeth this morning ?"<---Shiiiiiiit, "did u brush yo teeth before bed" too! Lol
Well all I can say is fuck walmart... Poor Susan almost got hit 5 times trying to get out of the parking lot!
thank you! I appreciate your support.
If A Tree Falls... Preventing Deforestation With Insurance ...
Welcoming our newest member Ronmann @ www.myfreegenealogy.com
literally amazing!
Nose for the ball ==> Ersan
Shopping with mom who is humming along with "Pumped Up Kicks"
Saw some pictures of you at Prom! You looked beautiful, cuzzo!
Black Guys grow up with different values that's why they are different from others. They are taught to Value body parts, not real Beauty!
OH! Ok... will email you. Good luck in a few minutes
still waiting to find out details, but i certainly wouldn't object!
hahaa yeah were jut going to the restaurant
Halfway through Watchmen. It's so good. Makes you real optimistic about the future of mankind.
don't tell me what to do woman. Thanks :)
still don't have Microsoft Office. What am I gona do?
Lets make a keyboard and put "U" Next to "I" (:
1st poet up for the
My throat hurts #Allergies ?
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your own children have teenagers of their own. ~Doug Larson.
cool or whaa? B)
"Just in case" info & learning is a clear sign of a dependency on resources. While "just in time" learning shows your resourcefulness.
can u follow me? please
Ducks play 7 home games, 5 games on the road. Only tough battle is nov 3rd at USC. I see something special next year
I remember when the LA Times Festival of Books was at UCLA. I haven't been there once since it moved to USC.
Great to have speaking/teaching at the college tonight!
Wait, you're suggesting a movie you haven't seen yet...just to make sure it's good before you do? Too funny!
Omg taco palenque 410 nachodoches ...amazing!!! So goin to come over here more often!
": When the heat lost I felt like I got punched in the stomach" I felt like that ufc dude that got kicked in the nuts
Watched American idiot last night. The cast plays green day songs better than green day.
#FF Follow these great ladies:
Omgsh I LOVE the new THe Band perry song <3
Its over 4yo Suns boo!
Ah! That's great, Sharon! I cross my heart! :) Thanks!
Good morning Twitters! Have a bless Sunday!
My English teacher look bad af today.
Lets add a little zing to Tuesday!! Mention that you saw the Facebook/Twitter post today and get a FREE SPICY SANDWICH!!!! Today only!!
I've overlooked chubby, poor, borderline personality disorder, and "has a kid." Seriously, is "not too fat" and "smart" too much to ask?
"The Pirates! The Band of Misfits" does what most Aardman product does, offering Brit-tinged cleverness and brilliantly animated mayhem.
At least Nunez did something productive to make up for it
The Spot is electric right now! It's poker time folks.
Need an exotic Monday? On "Natural World-Wild Indonesia", its 17k islands make up the most varied archipelago on earth. MPTV 36 at 9pm.
Cavaliers sweep DH from Liberty after 7-1 win in game 2.
you're welcome and thank u 2 !!
“hahaha no thanks!!"don't know if this reference will make sense to you. But- "No ssshthankyou but I choose life" -Sid/Ice age
that's wat she said.
Early childhood nutrition very important. While most obesity prevention efforts aimed at kids over 3, obesity begins to develop earlier!
On the road!!! 1st stop.. #Atlanta! Should be in North Carolina by mid-afternoon, LeeCounty I love y'all! I appreciate the support!
ive decided is a poet.
Happy birthday! :)
ard im off , you bitches are fcking WEIRD
Congratulations. Here's to 52 more years!
nothin in life is free... especially tha beatz i stay up ALL NIGHT working HARD on!
I just glued on some nails. They look really nice, but I feel completely handicapped. I can't type worth a hoot now...lol
What's the point in having communication lines if they can't break down?
On the last leg of my New Orleans-bound trip to see Miss I just couldn't let her celebrate Texas Independence Day alone.
....funny reading this as the smell of bacon happens to be wafting through my house right now ;)
Anyone needing #Google+ #invite please let us know and we'll try to get one to you as quickly as possible. :)
Friday at BROADWAY BAR! No COVER FOR ANYONE $3 Shots soco & jack All Night along w other drink specials + $75 Bottles + Me= FUNness! Lol
playing the lottery is like going to a strip club...it'll cost you a buck just to be teased. 50 mil, shittt I'm going in. haha
Can't believe Dusty took out Marshall.
thx! I don't think podcasting will be done, but I'll post my talk on academia.edu and my site.
whoa, that's a lil steep. You gotta keep it coming.
Congratulations on a great 1000 episodes. Thanks you, I will miss you after you leave the podcasting world today ;-)
RT Our engineer is dope no lie - he's the Jedi of protools.
The Obama-McCain-Levin Concentration Camp Bill. AKA GULAG Bill. AKA NDAA bill has authorized American Concentration Camps. Ask Rachel Madox
Bruh I swear ima be bonin Monday I can't wait I'm just happy ima be hoopin for Deanza
going to eat some crabs for dinner...be back later
Looking for an accounting expert extraordinaire? #Follow my friend for great tips for making bookkeeping make sense!
Thanks for the info i will check it out. Checking out the #cannabis now.
why so nervous ?
Where you live?
I'd like to think that, but I never try to get in the heads of teenagers. They're freakin' teenagers. They're so odd.
yep only 15 im holdin on too and thats TOO much right there
Watching #GeekLove on Cute, but I think these geeks could really use some geek-tailored dating advice in addition to their speed date!
Just saw Harry Potter deathly hallows 2. My childhood is now officially over and I cried plenty!
Shirts are at print shop being printed for website.
you at home?
Just woke up to a family of deer (2 huge doe and 2 babies) walking in our street. Man, I love Oregon.
Wow Chanel! Just saw the new Chanel Number 5 commercial on TV!
Apparently it's purple night on
Best ... thank you.
#3wordsforyou call me maybe. ~
Trying to test this complicated research project about #OWS on php
I hear that merchmart holiday inn has a killer continental breakfast...... ..... .........
Mazel Tov to Naomi Wise and Matthew Stein on their wedding yesterday. Naomi was a JFR intern throughout her four years at Barnard.
Fuck my ass. Tomorrow's Monday...
They are looking for models to Feature ===>
And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD.
Waching a movie
i swear this is the worst trip ever. i got bitched at for like 10 minutes straight litterly for calling it vacation..
You gotta be a design nerd to appreciate it. Just think bacon
Easton is hell on Earth. Pseudo-city suburban bullshit.
Hell of a way to wake up. #Maloofs setting arena deal on fire... #Anaheim #Seattle ready for a bidding war???
How to succeed in business with some effort and connections
#musicisbetter becuz when you stumble on a song u havent heard in years u only remember why u used 2 love it, rather than wanting it to die.
RT : "Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much." ~Helen Keller. Happy #TedMed Day!
A dumb truck
Beaver Commander!
who is bernie
you go girl!
i need a graphic designer available tonight for a BIG project. any takers?
looks absolutely flawless as always!
What happened?
If it's so good for you, why does it hurt so much?
'You'll never find...blum blum blum blum...a hairline like mine!"
Bumping into lots of VAM friends at #AAM2012 Great to see Virginia's many diverse museums and conference vendors in MN!
.... Once you've lost it, you can never get it back."
you're right, watching eight full length movies on a Sunday by yourself is much cooler.
hey there!!! Hope all is well & wonderful with you :)
#hth2012 security concerns, lots of features to limit and highly filter access. Part of empowerment - choice in what you disclose or keep
y u mad get happy I mean y be MADD I'm happy for dem
Why am I up and getting ready to go to work right now?
Who else has a leopard print blanket like me?!
My thoughts exactly. RT Seriously, we're talking about Coachella again already?
Thanks! That looks like a winner.
I kinda quit tweeting for awhile.
RIP Don Cornelius
not to mention they want to stretch the remainder of episode as long as possible... Well into 2012.
You think ? LOL He looks worn out.
me 2 boo
used to live there. Where did you eat tonight?
CHEER UP U SEXY MAN
talk about amazing.
Whoa. Serious? I'm so sorry.
Can't wait for my office mates to hear me screaming at network solutions as to why my .x domain was denied.
Human-computer interaction is a poetics of object oriented ontology insofar as it imagines means of human-computer collaboration.
Ready for a fresh start.
Aye pay attention to class Esmeralda (x
Duhigg: #1 way to create habits is to reward to relieve tension; #2 is to relieve boredom
Heal my broken heart I’m freezing underneath And I’ve been here waiting patiently ease my restless smile I cannot get to sleep
The manager nice tho! God bless her heart
RT : My 3G hates me lately and I always get that stupid circle. How do I fix this?! #iphone #verizon // Get out of the elevator
Mom cheered me upp :)
::curtsey:: You're welcome. Thanks for having me! :)
Agreed! As an aside, great piece on helping T. Morgan get back on track.
Ha. RT : Spurrier says there will be a new trophy for the game with Missouri. The Battle of Columbia trophy.
Twilight triggers my pharyngeal reflex.
Sometimes, I don<U+FFFD>t have the answers to everything but a good laugh will suffice
I was thinking it had a good bit to do with what they're taught.
7 Things Your Blog's Sidebar Can't Live Without
I think it's a good time for a zombie apocalypse.
Going to rock the Montgomery Street Fair in Geek the Library style!
I'll be there! ": I'll be at the tweet up on Monday in Liberty Lake, you?"
Judge me. I <3
hell yea!
cool! born in upstate ny, worked in film biz in la for 5 years, moved to austin 4 years ago to write!
I just watched it!!! You do such great work...I'm hopin Chicago takes the East!
haha that made me laugh out load. I feel bad for the cat.
So, annoying.
ok I don't feel so bad anymore.... we just want to get an idea of what we will have left to buy after the shower
Yikes...I hope not.
yeS me too RT : I can't wait to go home and take off my pants.
This time of year in Portland is sad as many of the food carts start to go into hybernation :(
Best. Week. Ever.
I, personally, have not used cursive since gradeschool. I took the ACT though.
“: #oomf is pissed off I hope she gone be ok dnt let no nigga or bitch piss u off honey u to good 4 that” poor #oomf :(
Thanks for the follow! Hope all is well over there for you!
Seek the friend who's hand helped you and tell them what they mean to you.
like ships in the night!!!
Soon announcing our Global Cloud i4C product, disrupting smart grid market by cross-gamifying Facility, Building, AMR, DR & PV over big data
#libday8 Teens debating a Hetalia Cosplay/RP. For some reason some Black Butler characters made it into the mix
"We should B taught not to wait for inspiration to start a thing. Action always generates inspiration. Inspiration seldom generates action."
what time is showtime, ?
Sitting in your car and eating nachos from a drive-thru after 2 hrs of meditation is not always a bad thing.
Why can't I be smart?
Thanks for the follow - We hope you can make it out to all of our amazing events this coming month!
Sorry for bothering you.
I love thunder actually
Welcome Back RT : Officially a Brown...Back to Ohio, #KentState. Thanks for all the love #Believeland. Time to do work
i hate how my old agency still sends me the email updates...
Dam right! RT RT : #Aries loves life &amp; life loves them.
was it purple!!?
great catching up with you as well. sounds awesome.
Regardless of who wins tonight between Wisconsin and MSU, both can at least take comfort in how festive the game was
Going to be a champ and take all 4 of my finals today. I have to be up in 5 hours though. :(
Kid's love candy!! Give them a special Halloween gift by making it look spectacular in one of our custom arrangements!
And I'm finally done! Day started at 8am with auditions and went straight through to 11:40pm. I got to act all day!! Love this job!!
I'm mad I got these soft pretzles from meijer, but they DONT COME WITH CHEESE.
you guys need to talk strategy
In the studio!!!
This has been the scariest/saddest/weirdest/creeperist week ever. I feel like know one cares for me. sometimes I wish you could just rewind.
Cause I'm gonna NEED that Audi A4!
Love your tweets, so many fine words of wisdom and inspiration most I truly believe in myself
Let's remind twitter tht a whore is a profession..has nothing to do with being promiscuous
Congrats man! ": 2pm tomorrow I will marry the love and light of my life! Words can not express how happy I am :)"
simply watching the game
: I know! It makes me feel like a huge creeper.
I will try =)
Wed Trivia: What is the only state in the U.S. whose name is one syllable? Answer at noon.
i don't understand how people can listen to some of the realest lyrical artist & not be positively influenced. they're speaking that real.
SEND ME SUMTHN OVER SO I CHECK IT OUT
OK I'M sick of waiting around for change and my tag is #wiprogress. Use it at your will.
Good morning.... Godbless you all! Have a beautiful day !
My dad is the best dad ever because _________________
Remix changes meaning: requires new critical thinking skills and librarians as mentors JSB
wish I was
Guess what I'm doing 2nite? Yup, Dirty Joke Show at Hooters Casino in Vegas. Now starting our 2nd year. Ushould see it. I dare ya.
I miss you <3
ah omg i love them <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> they turned out so good bb! #bro ;)
Cyclops CYC-ULH1-S Sliver Atom Miniature LED Headlamp, White LED: Look, we both know I need this but probably not for the reasons you think
will do sis!
you definitely have been:-)
will do.
Richmond editing at griffith films new satellite edit space. More edit time less drive.
I have a iPod Touch & it a slow iPod Touch.....
It went away when winning at all cost became more important than protecting player health.
will do! (and sorry I got your twitter handle wrong :-)
This nail lady is really enjoying my reactions as she scrubs my feet
thanks for the love!
“: he had a mini eskimo gipsy who rolled him on the daily... Duhh #eskimoproblems” hahaha that's perfect
where u watching the Caps game tonight?
Thanks for the follow Looking forward to more tweets about books, music, grammar, beer, writing. Not necessarily in that order.
I declare that wins this week's Filmspotting Top 5 segment. Children of Men is a masterpiece & Never Let me Go is forgettable.
serenity is not freedom from the storm but peace amid the storm....
Garbage in garbage can...
Had a wonderful dinner with 's family, where my mom met his parents for the first time. It went okay. :)
Watching state of the union address!!
an opinion of the majority has no bearing on the civil rights of the minority.
I may or may not be quoting Shakespeare to challenge people to duel in the company chatroom.
Safe travels home...it was great to meet you in person!
I was sick too!! Feel better!
Happy Birthday !! How was Land Ocean?
Made it back to my hood
Need to start getting dressed and putting on makeup but I'm tired and my back hurts today. -__-
Its a beautiful day at the beach just chillin' with all my babies ;)
"Ten thousand winters' worth of wood."
Congrats to #GrayFund for putting on a spectacular show tonight! Thank you, Betty Gray!
so u telling me Allan Houston averaged / out scored Ewing consecutively?
I Do This For The Skull Crossed Chete nd Bat, nd I Dare Anybody To Disrespect That….
Laying in bed probably bout to pop in skyrim
for real?
hahaha so cute
a little sore today after an awesome workout last night with hope you're feeling it!
Small business web special. The first two people to contact me via direct message, get their new #website for 50% off!
she's not the star she's one of the ladies on the show she is no star
in a daze wondering how i missed the talk proposal deadline :(
We hv gone thru 18 bottles of wine. Can U say FUCK 'd Up
You had said you were going to be out my way today. I called you this am to see. Sounds like it wouldn't have mattered.
What is this salted caramel bark someone brought into the office? It's evil luring you in with all its tasty goodness.
I wish for a change. ugh.
Happy workday!! A HUMONGOUS thank you to all of our volunteers for making Girard St. Children's Garden b-e-a-utiful!
Procrastination is my game
Good morning! Begin to remind yourself about what is right in your life, when you begin to think of what's wrong.
-_.|~~ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
We're thrilled to host you, Tom! Full fall #cunydhi schedule coming very soon!
"Imagine a world without free knowledge"
for me it's gotta be the Titans,Dolphins or them damn Chargers.
Just picked up 's new book "Stay Close" and cannot wait to start it this week
Heading to Morgantown for all state band for a few days! :)
Only 2 more days until the Hawaiian Luau at Exotica International! If you need to reserve a VIP table call 503-285-0281
BITCH DO US ALL A FAVOR AND SHUT UR TWITTER DOWN AND GO TO MARS.
It would be so nice if someone came & kept me company & made me soup x:
Weather here is great lately, warm during the day and cool at night.
oh no! I'm so sorry this happened to you last night. Please check your inbox, as we'd love to rectify this as soon as possible!
thank youz!!! I really appreciate it!
TYVM!!! : Now that's how to create a #community! Congrats on 1000+ followers. We're listening intently.
Oh. Now that's telling… hahaha
how much would we hav 2 pay u 2 sing on my birthday!?? i live like 15 minutes away from Milford! hahahah!..no really.
Where's everyone at???
RT : Tips for eating a healthy #breakfast Our body starts demanding a supply of energy as soon as we wake up. Share....
With the #pdxtrailblazers Bill Schonely & auction winners for cocktails and stories about his broadcasting career.
Thank you DeVry University-Downtown Milwauke Campus-for hosting our general membership meeting on 6/21, great venue and refreshments!
we gonna get this money on the
Of course I wake up at 4:20 am hehe
thanks for the Facebook reminder, we are locksmithphoenix there. Todd H.
#Angels have y'all been ignoring me ?
Keyra ur so lucky ur going there!! Thats alex's school. And ;))Plus ur gorgeous! Youll fit in.(:
Nice looking crowd at the Westside Subway Extension rally. Someone even brought baked goods.
Thankfully there are two LA teams. RT : Last year i rooted for a team to beat LA, and that team beat my team in the Finals. smh
I just destroyed 2 Polish sausages, and in other news, Brian Gotter is a tool.
Enjoying watching rock out to the amazing down at
How is Katy and Houston today?
Factory reset #DroidX ..ugh. Still noting lag in photo app. Others? #Gingerbread 2.33 non-rooted
nice meeting u 2
thanks for the shout out miss . Much appreciated . :-)
I love spongebob not gonna lie .
my Party does not have a platform issue on LGBT issues, and had not since 2004- check your facts.
Thanks for the RT! :)
I'll kiss it to make it better (:
Good Morning everyone waking up in sunny Chicago (3rd day in a row) very excited for what lies ahead...
mama just said "I smell good enough to eat" lmfao ok then Chrissy
Great day at the #CCLC! Great conversations about leadership with great students and staff! Only regret: missing the #CCLCwired sessions!
i should text u! visit the chi already
Balance required: pole-dancing on the move - Wisbech Standard
Huge day of college football today - gotta string together a few wins today early
Happy Friday!!!
Sending chocolate & cupcakes!
Aye johnny bravo on im tuned in
#dontever hurt me like that again.
#cnndialogues impoverished are an untapped asset. We lift them up- everyone wins- audience participant.
I am so excited for 2011 Pacers basketball
and Best Buds Forever! <3
Passed my last ogt and accelerated ")
I was over here singing some Whitney Houston Songs and I woke my mom up singing I will always love you and saving all my love..! Lol
THE FLAVOR OF THE NIGHT IS....... Coconut Curry!!!
The hardknock life of
Dude I'm on the Upper East Side and a high school lacrosse player in full uniform just walked by singing "Call Me Maybe."
Do Mastiffs ALWAYS droll so much, Oh my gosh, it's insane how much. What a great puppy I have, he really is fun.
These are the Marc Gasol and Zach Randolph from the 2011 playoffs
enjoying catching up and laying out with on this beautiful day :)
I hate snow and yes saw plenty of it
It amazes me how much resource is spent dealing with substandard work. It is the wrong strategy for boosting the economy.
Someone just asked us to put the Pitt Basketball game on. Our response was "We didn't realize Pitt had a basketball team this year"
I wanna see the dictator so badd
What Just Made My Day >>> Lmfaoooo
Happy Mother's Day, to all moms across the globe! You rock!
Happy Easter Las Vegas! Stop by the Excalibur for some juicy burgers or visit our neighbors at Lynyrd Skynyrd BBQ & Beer for Sunday...
Galway taxi company advertises dispatch number of the back of hotel key card.
SIXeed = Your Success
cousin in law to be exact<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> lol thanks Claire!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
i want 2 use this as a learning opportunity for Nana but I'm not sure how to address the obvious ignorance w/out it being the focus
haha are you at work and on the lemonade diet?
Rehearsing tonight. Lots lined up for the summer. Sounds good.
spaghetti and cinnamon rolls hit the spot Chica
I am dying of boredom
Sweet dreams everyone.
“ A man is known by the company he organizes. -A. #Bierce #afb”
Its burning up inside..
On my Mind <3
Complexity = (Functional components cubed + Dependencies cubed) X Number of systems. -- Peter Doolan
good luck
“: understand how to use visual media effectively is one characteristic” I agree!
CAPS win! CAPS win!
Some people have no conscious at all...Smh ...
#quotes Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.
Always Monday!
prove yourselves worthy of truly being back and sustain some success and we might call...
any word on Diamond?
and need to team up and make the most psychotic game ever. :)
#IkeDavis is back! Another bomb!
Banksy's graffiti is fucking dope!
I can't wait to see that beautiful smile of yours,<3
Thanks for speaking at our conference! We look forward to continuing our efforts on HBCU & PBI campuses to
hahahahhahahha I remember that!
Well maybe someday I'll be invited to a certain event :) Don't be like Dan, be a good boyfriend (although I know you will)
60 degrees in DC. Think I will try out my new Burner Hybrid!
"bent like a babajaga"
When ever shes made,sad,or irritated.I try my best to make her feel good & smile <3
Thanks for the kind words. I hope to get back to Africa soon.
You know your legit when the printer makes you sign a release on a photograph you took on your own
i would believe that if you had ever set foot in a gym.
Happy Thanksgiving! Don't forget.... We are open tonight at 6 and would LOVE to see you!
Yeah, Okay... NO
The Goldbach Conjecture & the Universe of Primes examines the even-sum tables of natural numbers & prime numbers in proving the conjecture.
Cloudier and cool tomorrow with highs near 60. Still cool Thursday. Sunshine with mid 70s Friday. Sunny this weekend highs 80-85.
Contract meeting today for a large sporting event. Keeping my fingers crossed.
A new study says that men can be just friends with women without romantic intentions. Those men are called “homosexuals”.
All I can say is WOW!!!!!
Thanks for the excellent presentation (& CRAP shoutout)
Back to work! 2012 here we go!!:)
should apply for the cubs gm job!
“To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions.”
Are u still writing for Towleroad? I havent seen a music post there in ages. Curious.
Big smile and lots of gratitude for my twitter friends. Hope you have a fantastic weekend! And don't forget to......SING!
Thanks Kelly...
i give Senor Norris run for his el dinero... no one can stand up to el Awesomo
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to exchanging ideas!
Why am I even awake?
Running away from your problems is a race you'll never win.
VMAs on Sunday!! cant wait! :)
RT : Meeting with my fellow #Rockies #therockchurches come be apart of our big family!
Check out "Imaginary Realm", the latest exhibit at , from 7 to 10pm tonight. Check in with #Belly and earn those Belly Points!
Tom and Jerry!!
Selling Your Condo? Ah! Spring! Everyone loves this time of year. The birds are chirping. Flowers are in blooming everywhere you look. Ta
Please check out my new listing in Los Feliz. Presently, only one photo is on the website: www.3651holboro.com More photos by weeks end.
Scal segment on CSNNE shows the caricature that Felger has become. Scal made him look every bit the talking head he is in terms of
thanks for the #ff! happy weekend!
you im getting blazed tomorrow : )
Can't you do that with two tabs?
And what a great book it will be!
but of course.
I'm running in the Republican Primary.
ooh, as you should! love those earrings.
someone got shot man
American audiences get Grimes. those at the Met, not so much :(
oh jeezus.. please dont tell me you dyed it again
I can never play Nervous with anyone. Either I'll end up winning or we'll end up going all the way. . .
- You are funny!
just got my event reminder. let the countdown begin,
I sure wish I had that
we will see
Missing saltines and chicky doodle right about now.
Happy Thanksgiving! May you have a fantastic day filled with Family, Friends, Food, and Football!
holly shit! They really look like bandits.
You are welcome. I see big things on the horizon for you.
Go Big Blue! Yeah Cats!
goodmorning!! Have a god day!! Much love!
I can't stand it. No automatic promotion for #whufc as Martin Peterson piles on. Burnley? Get ready for the lottery that is the playoffs.
sleeping 'til i wake up
#StayAwayFromMeIf you cant watch a game of soccer
I'm not sure yet, but I'm thinking I won't complain about the heat this summer.
If Im Gonna Get Yo Pussy You better Give Me A STICKY FACE ! wet my face up
Now every dude want to be buddy off 300 not the spartan but dude with all the piercings and ish
I'd guess military ID plus DL (even if expired) should be fine. I'll check w Mr. Google.
Happy fat Tuesday!
Paying to work today. Thanks indianapolis
Thank you so much for the shout out!!
I love you!!!! Thanks so much for tuning in!!!!!
Considering the fact that I plan on getting white girl wasted. . .I'm thinking flats
Always! Do work son!
that public enemy mixtape still go hard.. Got that on rotation today!
Germany in 4 days!
current media is like a hot dog -99% filler and bug parts. Tell me the quality of media in the future looks brighter
Yeayea. Ill get tired about 4am probably
Okay back to American football.
Good luck tonight buddy!
Favorite performance so far - Bocelli & Blige
Yes, I have appeared topless on stage.
what do I look like a madame?? Jk - I will see who I know that is acceptable.
Song writing!!! :D gonna be amazing!
Going to get my first dose of CrossFit today...
Are you talking about the energy policy ad? God, it's terrible. More Home Depot ads, please!
Oh no. RIP Chuck Brown. God must be Busting Loose now.
Definitely #groundhogday Im on a flight and the jerk in front of me thinks they should recline til there's hair in my lap
what has just been sent off to the printers!
It's important to stay positive in life and be thankful for everything you have! <U+25BA>T.R.
You affect the world by what you browse. Tim Berners-Lee
lol, thanks! You're not too bad either. I really flubbed the last one... > . < gotta take a break and go for a bike ride.
Can't wait for American Idol tonight!
them boys got the sick shit im tellin u...u gone be the only dude with the shit they gone look at ur from head 2 toe
"Don't judge others by their actions and yourself by your intentions." Strong, #leadership statement from Facing Giants. Worth RT
So true! The key is to make sure we are planning, and using a regional/community voice to do so. What is #1 on your list to see?
well you know how I do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Hey there, sending you an email
Well tweeps here goes nothing.
Have a GRAND night Vincet! I am still on my search for you little game! Haha I haven't seen anythin...Yet! Lol (:
RT : RT : "3 Apples that changed the world: the one that Eve ate, the one that fell on Newton's head and the one...
RT : RT : Live life with no regrets.
Dis trip to SPAIN WILL MAKE ME HORNY...
The game literally just started and Welker has a TD!!
do you live in melbourne !?
I earned the Magnetic badge on Lose It!
Would you go with me?
Of course on my last day in ATX I discover a magical secret homemade froyo shop inside the Daily Juice on 45th & Duval.
LOL!!! So creative.
hope everyone enjoyed our radio show this morning on Thank you for having us on the show!
at pre-game!..getting ready for tonight!
in two weeks from tomorrow we will be in DC to pray and serve in our Nations Capitol! Retweet if ur a part of
People trending BIEBER IS THE WINNER
Shout out to the RocLyfe Ent. design team...they have continued to do a wonderful job building the look for the company!!
Your An Amazing Dancer iLove How You Dougie And Hopefully You Will Come To Florida !! (:
Let's try to meet up in the conference finals.
Jesus is alive !!!!
We'll be having more in the future, for sure! Stay tuned! :)
While MLS isn't on the same par with the Prem, La Liga, Serie-A or etc, real coaching happens in the MLS
Thanks for the RT! You're sweet!
I seriously don't care about homework anymore. Teachers should just stop assigning things I'm not going to do.
Good news: My cold is gone. Bad new: More snow is coming. DAMN IT, PITTSBURGH! Acousticafe tonight @ Club Cafe. 7pm. Brave the snow!
LET US DO IT
of course -- are people only asking these questions because we think she's going to be free??
So is there a hybrid gas grill that accommodates hardwood/charcoal too? Love hardwood grilling, but gas is fast and easy.
Can't wait for summer 2012, Going to be amazing, Bring on #Zante! x
A pleasure my over the pond friends.
Yes but true! Lol. What did you think it was going to be all vacation time sans-appolocypse? :-P
- U are my tweetheart. Um m m! Nite!
went to sleep on me. No one else to bother now, damn!
wins the award for fan of the day!! Thanks for spreading the word sweetie ;)
dnt start Yal been going to the spot
tweeting pls about to go to a relatives house
I am hungry for a steak. I wish there was a Longhorns here. =/
My goodness, #Badgers recruit Sam Dekker is the real deal. Dude just drilled the game-winning 3 while double teamed to win a state title.
MAVC winter league registration is Saturday, Dec. 5th from 10 am - 12 noon. www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
What would I do with $640,000,000 million...???? I see myself having a panic attack & end up in the hospital!
While I was explaining why women's bball players make less $, the ESPN commentator analyzed how hair style affects play style. Point proven.
I can't help but thing the new kid art work is like Christian grey! He's so mysteriously sexy!
Book Fair is open this week! We will also have the Book Fair open on parent-teacher conference day!
Happy Easter from our family to yours! We will re-open again tomorrow morning at 5 a.m.
sweet. Another social media platform for me to not get.
Did you know that Tom Cruise owns a Honda Rune and a Triumph Rocket? I wondered if he owns a helmet or two from HelmetCity? Hm...
real men do what they want..fake men do what they can!!!!just SAYIN...
Well this is boring
So pumped that is playing the Lennon Concert on 12/8. Great night for a great cause!
Yeah! Us tall girls need more tall men... I always get 5'9 or shorter guys tryna holla... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
next week :)
okay Fa Sho :)
I know it is #wedding day but Rangers up 9-0 in 2nd
Just watched Driver on #DWTS. 27 is good but come on now! When is he going get a 30 judges????
so what all end up doing yesterday??
Did you purchase one of the Delta Sky Club Groupons?
I'm going to take a shower and then go for a walk. MUST get out of this apartment ONCE today!
Thanks for checking in! I'm still hanging in there, although definitely ready to be finished! (Hopefully) one week to go..
#Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future. - Paul Boese
#WishWeWereThere MT #sextech2012 Come to Stanford East to see me talk Turning Page Views Into Social Action
NOO ! my best friend is leaving me ! :(
haha aint that the truth! They're crazy if they think its going to have any sort of impact...
Loved the part in today's #uschesschamps broadcast where said deepened his appreciation for bishops>knights.
hurry up and get home from Mehico dude!!!! And you have some explaining to do...
im here for u
Heading to Harlem to work at Hugs to all who came & sent love last Friday to support the forthcoming cinema! It was v. fun!
When shit gets real in a relationship. That's the moment when you find out if that person really wants you or not...
Thanks to thos who followed me today....u guyzz are beast... pls i still need to get to
boo come through!!!!!! The night is young and we feeling good and u need to as well. Come though
Never too late :) RT : Hi everyone, sorry Im late to the party. Whats in it? :D
Why does #Amazon think I'd be interested in Bibleman DVDs?
Hi there! Great meeting you too. Have been slammed this past week, but will get back to you shortly.
Idk there's Something about her that the 1rst time I seen her I Knew she would be Mine one Day.
WE DID IT GUYS. WE DID IT. SO HAPPY :D
The sun finally out... let's see how many HUB employees we can get to ride their bikes to work this week!
I'd love to scan them. I have lots of notes on the margins, notes that may be useful.
We stay quiet but busy. We're presently in production on a film by , is finalizing The Velvet Painting and more.
glad you made it safe chirp!
coming from you ? lol come correct honey . you lightweight . B Y E
Interested in joining the street team? Contact !
yumm lemon pie
T Plush is da man.
statement pieces are always in style! Switch it up & reach for a bold cuff and rock that with your little black dress at your holiday party!
play pretty much like Wigan and Swansea but without any pace
We're SO excited to have you as our photographer!! RT “: SO excited to be a part of in November!! Yay!!
I just started reading The Vow and I'm kinda worried that the movie will disappoint me. Cause the book is so sweet and amazing. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Well Santorum was at 6% a few days before Iowa. I don't pay much attention to polls.
Keep Austin Weird with the Hippie, Rasta, and Respect My Asparagah rolls!
ok guess they wont haha good luck and wish you the best out in cali
I am listening to the "Build a $10,000 Business" webinar right now. Please get in contact with me. At part about Mexico.
You rhyme like a woman that’s got whore ways Laughter’s the best medicine so your records then should cure AIDS
"There is no second place in a gunfight. Winners kill, losers get killed. Fight to win. Train to live"
no you the buttcheek we already went over this!
“: I still remember the feeling i felt when i first started talking to you. <U+2665>”
The little things are the best things.
Do you ever tweet anything besides how many followers you need or can get someone? How about saying something worthwhile?
Winery crawl
I'm pitching, Volp..
Saturday. On my way to pick up a giant ball of yarn call me
": I used to be scared of the dick, now I throw lips to the shit, handle it like a real bitch"..u sumthn else
Finally updated my Mac OS. Scrolling is weird. Also updated my iPhone and managed to accidentally delete a bunch of pics I wanted. Oh well.
I was looking thru scholarships online & I can apply for one for being thai. there's scholarships for the most random things. it's cool tho.
I know you're no good for me. But I'm so hurt I can't get this off my mind. I feel like I'm gonna be sick <U+E413><U+E023>
Let today be a good day.
of course I follow my fave news team! You, Bill, Allie, P.J., and Stefani!
I dressed all nice today (which is rare) to work. My boss looked at me and asked me if I had went to a Job Interview? LOL!!!
two tweets prove it... You have "nose bleeds and migranes" and your taking addy... And probably coke! Yay!
The thirst that i'm now witnessing <<< <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I fucking love oranges. I don't know why, they're just so fucking good<3
It's FUCKING HOT UP IN THIS BITCH right now, people in this house is about to mad as fuck because I'm about to flip the FUCK out!!!!!!!!!!!!
Waiting on the world to change
Explaining recent (over)use of "curate" as term RT : explaining his job as digital curator at NYPL
No ceilings mother fucker!:)
The largest Publisher of printed material is - US Government. No surprise when you think about it. I could rant here but I love my country.
That's good because I remember you were unsure about leaving LA as well. It's good things worked out for you.
is this the new music ??
Got free chipotle
I'll see what I can do about it…must be an encoding issue w/ PHP.
welcome !! RT : First day of work at was an absolute blast. Fun days ahead!
so thankful to have the day off :) brinner with the GAS interns!!
Finally back home. I believe it's now nap time. I'll be back on later for the #Degrassi Season 11 finale tonight. Ttyl tweeties. <33
no but i watched my amazing 13th!!! :)
ya when sanders goes nuts its all good. i just hope we can keep ersan and ellis, i know rumors have sprouted about trading BJ
oh yeah, have been for two weeks. :-(
happy mothers day sis luv ya
This epic Saturday now leads to the . Lotus is playing tonight while Mos Def plays around the corner at Howard U
I had FUN with the class yesterday. Thanks! I only had TWO cups of coffee, for the record!
“: So I just wasted 16+min watching the documentary...oh how the hairstyles have changed, hehe. Love you people!”
Rule #1 for #highfive- look at the elbow. Guaranteed #perfection every time!
you're late! It's been almost 4 months. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
It's gonna be another BUGGY day! Festival doors open @ 930. Hall B 1427
Talking today w. 2 great #writers about their separate year-long journeys: why shunned cash & why had 52 girl-dates.
i guess so lol
in studio dropping lady luck album comin apr check me out on datpiff/princelilshun,facebook,google,youtube,all dat good stuff
Wow the weekend went by fast! Have a Monday pick-me-up at Loop Juice. Freshly made juice combinations will get ready for the week.
A citation is a link is a citation. Who'll be first to get rid of the "print artifact" refs section. ?
“: Good ole Pendleton tonight.” you love it!
thanks, wendy!
I focus on human movement not biomechanics. If we focus on biomechanics w/out muscle & joint function we may miss something.
Rave Run. Blistered the streets of Phoenix for 10 miles of #urbanrun excitement.
i gotta pee like really bad and theres water everywhere cuz it rained!!!! ah >.<
is finally on my wall <3 First of many to come ! Thanks for the poster (:
Nice benefits!
10 Facebook Tips - When pregnant, take daily shots of your baby bump. We all want to see how much you've grown overnight.
Scary thoughts on the security front-- are there any grants designed around data protection for smaller collections?
Wish I had a maid and chauffeur!
Kevin great artical on semoball. I went to DC to watch Otto play Jan 21st. He was last off the court during shoot around before game
A4: Yes, and it has to be 10% of grade. That's changing next year as we move to CCSS.
Great meal at Mesh on Mass Ave. Scallops were delicious. Now that we're back in Indy we love all the new things we get to check out.
can you marry me......this is a serious question c:
The vote is 4-13, motion failed.
that awkward moment when you're reading a blog post and this happens: "It was then, in the darkness of the African continent, that I.."
when south park is on at 11 am >
Church I meant
oh four more now..
Radio will run Friday, Saturday, Sunday on 94.5 99.5 & 102.5. I hear Fox 34 may be out there too. Remember...this is not a competition.
some of it may be on YouTube. It was for the South Carolina Librarians Conference. It was printed in their journal methinks.
lol I'm in studio listening to all the ratchet songs.
76ers held to 26 1st-half points by Bulls lowest in a playoff game since Hawks also scored 26 in 1st half vs Celtics on 5-4-2008
just rediscovered my love for Starburst jellybeans...THANK YOU
Would love to help in any way that we can!
doesn't a kindle technically count as a book?
Good job moreno!
well that sucks get better soon
yum!!! I had a marg that had habanero infusion tequila. So good! might like it!
rule of thumb: never say your route outloud
this is really a good fight
I would love a hot tub toinght!
I bow to your supreme wit...!
Missing #eminem at #sxsw ...just 5 blocks away. what's up with that...we have our D card
Yes. Good job Giants!
hes so hot
Nationally teen courts save cities $9,200 per youth that is diverted! With over 900 youth in 2008, Youth Court saved DC over $8 MILLION!!!
while I certainly want greater parent engagement in schools, I am concerned that this will cr8 barriers rather than build
Do you have a dream for your family? Or is your dreaming just for yourself? How do you work towards it? Because it IS work...the best kind.
Check out the Starlight Girls tonight at The Cell Theatre!! Tonight at 8pm. Tickets are only $7
!|.!-- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
maybe you haven't had to deal with loving someone who didn't love you back but it's torture!
Thats how the #Coyotes beat the #Blackhawks. Put them on the power play and Smith was golden.
definitely an academic thing. Not sure if Butler was the first, might come from earlier ethnographies of clubbing
i mean does anyone want to co-own this account? lol
"maternity leave without pay" is not "full maternity benefits"
I wouldn't hire a family member to do much of anything...
chuckle! Lmao jk where you from?
Wow ladies drive me crazy make me understand
I am disturbed about the peanut butter preferences in my house. I've raised a brood of anti-chunkites.
anyone know anyone who makes good backgrounds?? i need a new one
gotta agree with that sarcasm.
I'll cuddle with you
#IfYouLiveInMoVal is trending! :o Ratchets say whhhhhaaat?
Why am I in the woods again
we aren't really in the ceiling fan business...but if you need some life insurance, we can help you out!
had Some other obligations. How are ya
So, so excited for all of you today!! Congrats! :) And btw, you tune pianos??? Mine def could use some help! Let's talk! :)
mama llama isn't home. I'll use mario's phone to text you right now.
seriously! Especially the Klout part...
“What helps people, helps business.” - Leo Burnett
RT : I'm not a music-while-running person. But I'm blasting the Beasties this morning for my run. Sabotage!
did some relief pharmacist work tonight. just had a guy try to convince me his script for 240 oxycontin was for real....puhleeese
Day already startin with some bullshit
when people do things that they know make you mad <<<
I LOVE MADISON !I LOVE MADISON!I LOVE MADISON!I LOVE MADISON! I LOVE MADISON! I LOVE MADISON! I LOVE MADISON! I LOVE MADISON!I LOVE MADISON!
“: Ethnic babies dressed as most appropriate Disney Princesses.”
Beautiful run through Central Park. Now can someone #teleport me home? :P
these kids today.....smh
I've been waiting for this day, it seems like FOREVER.
What a Crazy Day on the #BPL #SurvivalSunday Man city finished on top but the drama was priceless
You're a smart ass you know that? Hope all is well buddy
thursday night is my favorite day of the week
hotels do their very best to accommodate ur requests. and they are based on availability.
Lol but by junior year, that shit is normal..
just did.
A common theme present in most discussions of leadership for the 21st century is the leader’s ability to create, articulate, and...
Truth: RT : TV in this market is very good with incredibly smart people, but I feel this #pacers team deserves better that's all.”
Turned in the last chapter last night. Thought I'd sleep in this morning. Hah!
hahaha. life lesson for billi -- escape and i'll bring home another dog
Thanks! It's going to be a blast!
Yo ho ho it's a pirates life for me;)
You are my favorite menswear designer! Was at your Williamsburg Brooklyn outlet store yesterday.
About time!! Glad the 49ers finally got some sense and ran the ball!
Given how crazy my life has been lately, it is no wonder that I have more than 1000 emails unread in my inbox.
The guy in the car next to me started dancing and made eye contact trying to make me feel awkward I just danced with him. #goodtry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
mayne! Please believe!
Best way to send online articles to reading offline on iPad? Thoughts?
So, let me get this straight; he's jumping for the sunshine? Charity gig in the sun. What an amazing guy!
Haha thanks. I think the person deleted their comment..probably because it was so blatantly close-minded!
Childish:D
Whale Wars puzzles me. People use these whales for food. It would be like People from India looking at how we treat cows.
Just saw THE AVENGERS for the 3rd time yesterday. I'm a Marvel Mad Man from way back. Did you stay till the very end?
Doesn't an Apple Bear Claw sound great? It's a flaky bear claw filled with cinnamon and apples..delicious!!
Heat game and Marlins game at the same time from Marlins Park. It's hard to concentrate with JJ struggling.
yeah, I'm pretty sure they said to come in the 19, that way just in case there's a mess up they can fix it before the wedding
"Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over" and we #powerfulwomen (and you guys too) are good...
I love the DDC but sometimes Saturday night gets in the way.
Yell reaches debt deal with lenders - Financial Times
well yeah but it's huge & purple..
I have two books to read. Book #1 "Quiet Strength" by Tony Dungy. Let's Go!
good morning tonya
"I can't pretend a stranger is a long-awaited friend." From the song, "Limelight" by RUSH
God doesn’t require us to succeed; he only requires that you try.
what if justin like...dyed his hair purple
For which the power of the web can certainly be helpful. (I'm going home soon, I can dip into my pun quota.)
anytime Mr H
AAPT - All American Pet Company, with Pawtizer, up 3000% from my first call at .0013. LONG AND STRONG with Lisa and her Breakout Company!
Might want to use a 'greater than' sign next time. RT : angry now<<<<<<<love you later. Do it.
a lovely day indeed! missing
Show time
When am I gunna realize I can't party like I'm still in college
I'm not sure about this fat Betty storyline.
But we're so entertaining!
Someday I need to actually learn git.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle; Snow white and the seven titties
So he did get my message?
Because I figure he'd rather not Miss Saigon.
its whats underneath the mask...
I'm sick of talking officials but that is terrible flagrant call.
Obama buying votes?\RT : if this is incompetence we are in deep S**T, if its not we are in even deeper than...
RT Good seeing you tonight!! It was good seeing you too. Hope business is good.
It's that time of year again! The Half-Off Hotel Sale starts Nov. 17th, do you have your half-off hotel picked out? (We're one of...
but I honestly have no use for economic libertarianism it's because I find the underlying principle a quaint fantasy
#NowListening #MattiasHellberg High in the Lowlands.
I would Retweet but ur gay twitter is locked lol
I just love it how posts about EVERYTHING ALL THE TIME.
Thanks! Just happened to be listening to the OK Rainbows playlist this morn!
I love you not only for what you have made of yourself, but for what you are making of me
why do you hate your dad?
SAVE US WITH HERITAGE PORK AND ORGANIC BANANAS!
Work with a hang over :( this is not gonna end well.
Affirmation of the day by way of the one and only Ed Maupin:"I am complete."
Stock cabinets, which are the least expensive of new cabinet options, are premade and come in standard sizes.
Don't think they'll be competing for same kids.
haha good point
ShawtyMane is one great rapper <3 JBIEBS' Man I Love You <3
“: RT : If I don't fuck with u I don't fuck with the niggas u run with...#SimpleShit”
Polyphony H.S. Volume VII has is in the graphic designers hands! mid-August hot off the press!
boom! Work is gonna be fun tomorrow! “: The Ohio Bobcats are headed to the Sweet Sixteen!!”
hey what's up :)
How do you explain Mary's virgin birth to your pets so they don't get confused or frightened when everyone is opening Christmas presents.
Ride together ,die together, best mom for life
Confirmed that teachers love opportunities to share ideas w/ each other. Teaching is best when shared!
": I vote that Cody slicks his hair back more often. ;)"
My little sister called me beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Check this out! SUMIKO'S has elegant, one-of-a-kind designer clothing that you can't find anywhere else. 3007 Main St, Santa Monica, CA
Maybe they are playing cards in there...
that was an awesome commercial! Glad to see you on the screen again!
For 'tis the sport to have the engineer Hoist with his own petard...
Granger hit Wade in the face!!!!
I'm doing the color run in Dallas next weekend!!! White tutus :)
The stupid idiot Johns. co sheriff is going 2 try & tell me the BEES flew away w/10-12 " piece of bees wax n tow; does that tell U anything?
RICHARD HUGO HUG SYNDROME
Or 'You say trans like it's a bad thing'
Haters only hate the things that they can't get and the people they can't be.
Tweet me a scenario and I will reply with a picture for example your dog was a unicorn & I'll reply with a
You don't have to be from San Francisco to take advantage of MyGuyTrip's adventures. We help you make the most of your trip to the Bay area.
Legitimately gained like 10lbs during these last two weeks. Must workout!!!!!
much appreciated!
you got that Big K.R.I.T. L4eva N a Day"
: Any idea if Gurode will play center once Grubbs is 100%?
Yes :) You sure you don't want a phone call from Matt? :)
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle - My Big Fat Greek Titties.
No problem, it was a good read!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: William Richter °Rising 7th °Cumming, GA °Travel Team: Suwanee Sports °Shooting Guard 5’8
just applied for the Chicago 2012 conference!
yeah cause everything I tweet is about you..
that's what I was thinking. It's the time of year when time ceases to have meaning besides countimg down to election day!
I LOVE YOU ROSIE! You were amazing on Happily Divorced this week ... Hope we get to see you more often on TV!
The new Chatoe Wet Hop Ale tastes as good as a 3rd place trivia finish feels here:--->
#whenifirstjoinedtwitter it was 3 years ago, and everyone on here didnt suck.
better or worse than "can i get a retweet?"
Woke up like " who turned the alarm on" lol HELO GOVNOR! Lol
The meatpacking district is weird. I believe I was hit on by a prostitute. Now to check out times square.
preparing for another shoot tomorrow...:)
English teachers put more thought into a book than the author did
Happy to see my new CA friend on twitter! Welcome to the #twitterverse bb!
On the road back to NoVA from a filled with friends and good ideas for the future.
Still opportunities to be a host family for an African student bit.ly/abfN4F
he was JUST over 2 hours ago. I was in a good mood :c we'll work things out.
obmutescence: the state or condition of becoming mute, speechless, or dumb, esp. obstinately or wilfully so: via
I can really go for some , But I have no money.......
Sent baconipsum.com to my friend... but his company blocks the site! Thinking the company must be run by vegans...
Yeah, we're an agency specializing in digital marketing. Thanks for tweeting! Enjoyed your blog on conversational interactions.
tomorrow we open w/ web x-ray goggles & then get funkier w/ our CSS - maybe IDs or classes, based on what kids want
Thanksgiving is perfect for Football and "Fantasy Football Now". Go to our facebook page for info on a chance to win $100 apple gift card.
Thank you for your time and support! Means so much! RT : Mentoring the youth at MD Freestate Challenge Academy!!!!
Buy my new hit single "No One Curr feat " now on iTunes.
At home feeling great today but lonely :(
That's actually true, but doesn't tend to come up in all day faculty meetings.
Not aware of any research that supports cubes and presenteeism = results from knowledge workers. Might hear that, but no data.
Simplicity is the key to brilliance. Bruce Lee
I can't find u but u can txt me 850-525-8656
Tornado warnings. Awesome.
#loveyoulongtime Go Pacers!
ah. We just don't have it in Midtown NYC. I'm a slave to the Whole Foods gods
on Tim's calendar. Tonight at OTB.
Questions of science, science in progress cannot speak as loud as my heart.
I was bout to say you'd go to pride and the gay club with us!!!
holy inbox disaster! i'm getting emails i never got from a week ago. begin damage control...now.
"At those moments, he thought of himself as a Conceptual Lesbian"—from Jonathan Lethem's new story, in the magazine Monday.
Hope Your Day Was GRAND! Love You! (:
And when budgets are being cut, that's never good news! But if digitization isn't available in-house, that's also $$$!
#nf follow back son
I blame the
FYI Has Done Nothing But Attack Both People That I Know On Here&Me. Avoid At Your Own Risk.She's A Squirrel Working 9-5
I hate when people ignore me
ha! Then u could really get to know ur teacher and his dog!
wait a second is it trending!! I was right
Looks like I'm gonna be drinking early. RT #Longhorns' spokesman says Malcolm Brown "not expected to go" today.
thanks bud, about time
I enjoy his guitar playing, but i hate his singing....(sounds worse then me and i sound like shit) lol
4 more weeks of school?:D
My Baby Carlton Called Me Today, I'm Gone Have To Call Him Back
Something tells me this weeks gonna go by fast
Mariners hang on in a squeaker over Detroit. 5-4 today. #fb Sweep!
Oh, most definitely. But they were to most vocal coming out against the luxury tax which has produced a better overall product.
Q1 Bake people cupcakes. Everyone likes cupcakes.
not surprising since it is intra-city.
hello! doing a story today on ticket refunds. saw you on twitter. are you a season ticket holder?
History of communication problems at CeBIT. 1980's: Find a phone booth! 1990's: Find a cellphone signal! 2012: Find stable WIFI!
SideShow: Say it can’t be so: Kim and Kanye considering engagement???
#WhyAreYou not talking to me?
Hot mornings like this is whats been missing in my life.
Yesterday's John Nolen Dr. fire proving difficult to investigate. We have the latest on #NBC15 News at 6.
What makes it Christian? Better for kneeling when praying? Does it crack & burst fire/brimstone when gays walk on it?
I love you for tweeting this !
Please see my answer on to: Motion to Quash - I marked your question to be placed in the La...
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
Afternoon panels at #iMappening starting now! Join us in SCA 110 at USC!
Cannot believe I'm missing Richmond v. Muncie Central tonight...luckily radiotroy.com will be televising, go check it out
RT : I wanna be able to turn invisible RT : If you could pick one super power what would it be
It takes alot for a man too change. Good thing I did early...
Im just tryna get rich!!
You know what would be cool? Not being sick. That would be cool :)
Nicely put RT : If there's 1 thing to take away today, it's that no company will succeed w/o engaging brand ambassadors
send a tweet to help find her
"Speak softly and wear a loud shirt." - Kimo's Daily Hawaiian Rules
GRRR. i cant write poetry! dumb English class...
I miss them so much!! RT please go do #redeye again it's been a while.
not exactly an original thought. :-)
thanks bro
dd what was the name of the oakland sports bar u took your wifey?
Tomorrow is our first GLBT history seminar. The presenter said the presentation is for a "mature audience." I hope the teachers are ready.
Just a few of my reminders of what a awsome God we serve.
So much to do in the next couple of weeks! :-)
That would be so incredible if followed me ; but with all the tweets hes getting, i doubt he will. haha. (:
Being persistent at your goals is the key to success.
youre not even a real rapper. Youve been "working" on your album for like 2 years. Oh and i hate your tweets.
uh ya!
Lol right right #Strike !
Dont Waste Your Time Chasing After Someone When They Dont Even Give A Damn About You ..
My Father just gave me a speech O.O Dramatizing
Get me out of here so I can enjoy my first night of summer !
No we r giving that credit to #Chico RT : I wonder if is taking credit for the hat trick tonight?
What happened to the slow jams in the club?
People change, and things gowrong but always remember – life goes on!
iOS options I've found from suggestions/research: Crosswords ($10), Crossword (free), NYTimes Crosswords (both).
follow me cause your cool like that
The Nothing
false . RT : RT : Breaking News: actor Morgan Freeman has passed away in his Burbank home
Yeah buddy they're showing American dad at this gym
I'm here guys don't worry I see them
i suspect a lot of my fascination with Bowie is tied to my fascination with identities. chicken, egg? dunno. :)
I'm not a morning person, Do not pull the covers off me, I will kill you.
In Future of Museum Ethics Ideas Session: Agreed Wikipedia is model for trust-building through transparency & openness.
What is everyone up to today? Did you find a few moments of "me time?"
EVERTHING MUST GO !!! Dining Room Set $ 279- HUGE FURNITURE SALE up to 65% off !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Your spring semester #abroad is almost over...what are you doing to take advantage of your last few days?
Best thing for him, and team, right now. RT : Do you have initial thoughts on Chacin getting sent down?
shaping out to be a legendary week at - Sir Simon Rattle of the esteemed is leading Bruckner 9, Ligeti and Mahler.
Am now! Thanks!
My big toe itching like hell RANDOM
you did a great job. I dont know what the jury was thinking. you should have got more votes.
You can spend your entire life focusing on your scars, or proudly carry them with you as you reach for the stars
yes, depth due to injuries is killer, but fatique is rarely an issue in tourney games
Insomnia. Again.
like most GOP Extremists, Eric Bolling needs to pull the meat pipe out of his mouth.
Saw him walk/stumbling along Madison Ave one day. Guy's a fricking GENIUS.
RT : How many years have you been craving the #Castle?
Just completed a 69 min workout...4 workouts to go with
We have a really nice 24 ft. camper for sale. If anyone needs one let me know. It's in great shape. 4200.00
they need to get in together
I love him!.what song? & mom's day was quiet.
: If Glee goes on tour again would you go with them? And you should do an album!
Ethnographers, which textbook(s) do you use in your university classrooms?
i dont apprecite it but im glad you didnt say the c word :)
Talking to genealogists about the project at Genealogical Society of PA's "Mining Online Catalogs!" As useful for me as I hope for them!
That awkward moment when all the open tabs in Safari on your iPhone are articles about #Ochem reactions.
Don't tell me what I did and didn't do. I'm pretty sure I know..
sorry dude, just checked twitter now
Those states extended assistance to protect needy people who were about to be cut off b/c of the five year federal deadline.
Nothing like putting ur anger towards a solicitor, instead of the person who is causing it
Doing a scratch session with Dj Eddie menzz Boii
what up Jesse!! Hope u and the fam are doing good!!
The word "Buddha" means Enlightened/Awakened One. Buddhism teaches that WE ARE ALL BUDDHAS at the chore of our highest self.
Just finished a taco johns commercial audition... Forgot my name
haha then where is everyone seeing it?!
The biggest mistake you could ever make in life, is fearing that you will make them.
Beautiful pics..keep up the good work!!
they run in my life.. I get them all
Thanks, Andrew! Best of luck to you...and best of luck to Luck! :)
When it rains it pours.. 2 more potential projects in the hopper. Working on sis' site now
STATIK SELEKTAH LIVE IN THE MIX ON THE PULSE--POWER 98.3 WHERE HIP HOP LIVES!!!!
PIE FRIDAY! RT : Friday pie day at HQ: Pear Cream, Strawberry Rhubarb and Apple Ginger. All available in our bakeries!
is dodge a punter or a special teams gunner?
Beet green and baby arugula and herb salad, not to mention mountains of basil, kale, endive and baby lettuce for
Thanks! I'm here for a couple more years at least. Time to experience NOLA as a resident and not a grad student. :)
Man I wanna move to Evergreen
mmhhmm ice cold beer
Lawrence Ferlinghetti, owner of fabulous City Lights Bookstore in San Francisco, is alive and well at 92, the last of the Beat Generation.
Day of Action: working with the on innovation in education.
Come on #kansas get ur head in the game, don't be discouraged.
Hi. I will definitely tell her! We'd love to see you!
Great night in the NFL! What's everyone thinking about SUPERBOWL?
"That can never happen again," she told him, every single time.
It's shaping up to be a full day of being shunted around at the hospital. Just like old times!
Thank you! (Also, that reminds me I've almost got something ready to send to you--the first part of my NaNo mss.)
need a broker?!
Hi ChicksW Guns! Want to purchase 2 autographed copies for client event here in San Diego in June. Please advise.Thx!
Dear crush I think you're sexy Sincerely, Randi
Is justin gonna be on snl tonight?
Turned in my last paper for the semester! BAM!
#SQL Tempdb - use mutiple drives, arrays, data files for parallel processing spawn multiple spindles; Adjust autogrow; Standard is ~100MB
good girl ;) Happy NYE have fun and be safe. Xx
actually, we are redoing the silkscreen - try again next meeting!
Add my new account!!
Another wonderful day...you bring out the very best in me, thank you!
"Once the game is over, the king and pawn go back in the same box" ~ Italian Proverb ;) x
What does Mrs Dracula say to Mr Dracula when he leaves for work in the evening? Have a nice bite!
ohh lol but a least you tryed to pick a name for us
Thanks for hanging out with a gal that has wardrobe issues! Have a fabulous day! Xo
yes it would be a good look!!!
Anyone notice the wink self gave ???? Hm....
At #fllc12 is doing a great job of walking everyone through an example of researching African law & cracking the audience up.
it's ok:) haha
My favorite band , & :) this all band are awesome:) ilovethemsomuch<3
Awesome! Great job getting it in your library! I ordered it and my kids are all teens-lol!
Whoever is in charge of the music is #ONFIRE tonight!
SO READY FOR #BOYFRIENDvideo WORDS CAN'T EVEN DESCRIBE HOW READY I AM!
can we wear masks?
The Presidential social media score: # Followers - 15M; 0.5M Does it matter? Leading indicator?
I'm part of the Texas Cornhole league now. Whoot!
Why my job is awesome: 30m tweeting MCA lyrics w/ links to the albums, ending w/ the love & respect quote from "Sure Shot" on Mother's Day.
Lakers are Done. Ima Laker Fan who is gettin prepped for 2nd Half of my Real Estate Sales Year; June through November.
Rehab was rough but I'm gaining ,pain only has the power you give it !
All i need is a pillow and my day is done
Happy Birthday ! Thanks so much for joining us for your B-Day dinner!
My nuts hang like ain't no curfew.
My exp: All Safeways are anti-bike rack
fuck Brooklyn an fuck the brooklyn cowboys.
I'm gr8 just did my nails
Want to find sun in Seattle? Soon, a mobile app will show you the way, thanks to Tracy Hartford and
Love my favorite cousin ... I have the best times with this guy!
Willie Tyler~ The reason lightning doesn't strike twice in the same place is that the same place isnt there the second time.
I just reached over 1200 connections on linkedin. If you have any recommendations for more Atlanta connections please introduce me. Thanks
5 TT's about oh yes I love my boys <3
Just went and followed back !!!!
Are you bored, cold, and alone? Come to and support the indie book fest!
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
I love live in concert
you don't need ta be prepared , ugh . Thas on another one but yeah stupid
Great! Glad to hear it! Good luck!
So glad you're enjoying them!
okay good. Ill try not to forget too
#itstimeyourealize that I will do anything for you, but instead you just played with my mind
Ordering flowers is now easier than ever! Download #PeoplesFlowers #Floralapp from the app store under floralapp. Use key word "Peoples".
It's kinda say how much I look forward to Sundays simply because it's #GameofThrones night.
Only a life lived for others is a life worth while
I've never been so damn happy to pick up dog poop in my life! First "normal" poop from BOTH dogs in 3 weeks!!!
Oh sure Lauren...big show off, flaunting those 8 Washingtons!
Great IML555: Digital Pedagogies class today. Looking forward to the semester!
Dog in doggie hospital, yet I'm still talkin to him. Feel like he's there. He doesn't answer, anyway. Only thing he ever says is Gotta poop.
I love <U+2665> They're just awesome girls :)
Be sure to follow us on twitter !
Plans for a long, restful lunch break are a wash. But at least I have a few minutes to *eat* lunch.
Lets take a walk along the shore, but dont wear your white shoes- youll get blood spatters from stepping on the dead fish.
yeh why, what's wrong with it? I keep forgetting what I'm doing. x
I had the best birthday dinner @ Searsucker last night. It totally lived up to the hype and the service was great.
Hey ! That's awesome! Where did you work out with Ricky at?
Thanks to all of the new members that signed up at jetoure.com. Hit me up if you have any questions, or feedback. I want to hear from you!
Haha you can but you'll sink and probably break an ankle. I suggest wedges for our beachside marina dining and partying. ;)
FYI RI beat CA in United States of Improv. On to round 2 vs NY/MO winner! May 2
Change teacherss conditions, by first changing public thinking re: ed. aims.
Nada, Taste of Chi. I am TOO awake for this hour.
Great picture! Thank you for all of your support during the campaign! ^jh
My ESPN consumption has quadrupled this week.
I get pissed when I hear girls looking for tips to make their boobs look bigger.. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
“true education... will have the greatest tendency to civilize and humanize them in their relations to one another" - Plato
that nap was much needed. (:
alright! and but all my pictures are of her not me.. so yea..
Beating drugs a matter of faith - Washington Examiner
now i know just what went wrong. i guess i wanted you more, and looking back now, i'm sure i wanted you more.
If no one gets 50% +1 in a City Council primary, then the top two candidates go on to the November city-wide election.
what a coincidence, I have nothing but good things to say about samoas.
Today, interviewer. Tomorrow, interviewee.
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO ! stop by Bookholders and enjoy the music!!! oh & bring ur book to sell back to
hi can u pls follow me I really need to ask u something but it's about justin bieber and I can't put it in publi so i gonna dm
Maybe it's exclusive to the Comcast family?
I can see, with my new admin powers, that you're still editing your #prismlaunch post... but I do LOVE it so far, fyi
Great 2 days at the Getting It Done II Conference in Chicago. Can't wait to bring these new ideas to the neighborhood.
#IfICouldIWould YOLO it to the max (;
Stay focused, live blessed
thanks for sharing the sweet photo and for serving at the Mission!
Np could u follow me back?
just blinked
"I've been waiting all my life - You're not a day, you're not a day too soon." ::sia::day too soon::
i guess everything is officially done now..
Are these your books??? How did you get them???
ya i wanted too...i just woke up hah
Baaaah To My New Followers -
Congrats to everyone who ran and participated and volunteered in yesterday's NYC Marathon, a stellar effort people! They're our fav client!
#BlackPeopleGoogleSearches How do I unlock this Iphone I just stole
Guess who did good this semester? This girl. This girl right here.
not sure about getting to the Heights. there seems to be flooding everywhere. Major flooding problems along I-45.
Let's meet up!!! Ha, I'm on Tour with BMW! X
Lol RT : You say 'diva' I say 'bitch'. Only one of us is right.
Follow us right now for VIP entry to upcoming events. Starting w/Partyboyz performing LIVE inside Endless Music April 12th RT for VIP entry
A vet RB would make A-Rod even better.Alex Green most likely cut by end of T camp or on Pup.
Ugh. Well I hope u have a good weekend nonetheless
I guess I'll go to sleep soon
lol yes it do
Big Man Sik-Wit-It!
"And that's the first bitch points of the night". -Jim Nantz.
I miss seeing everyday :(
That a boy Don, lay the smack down.
Same here :)
Met some very interesting people tonight...look forward to making more connections.
#sucks but what can you do?
Yeah.....but she kinda already knows I'm getting that for her. hehhhh hehhh hehhhhhh
Whoa. There was just a man in my window.... my office is on the 3rd floor. That will wake you up!
Working 11-7 today. Hopefully it goes by fast!
Yep. After giving it up for Lent, it's like drinking the "nectar of the gods"...
Is it me or does the YouTube guy remind you of Topher Grace?
you too! Yes definitely next time~
Hot patios in Ballpark: go eat/drink in the sun today!
I'd place the page indicator the bottom center of the main content area, over the extra seed packets in the background.
The dreaded lunch hour is upon us. Time to go back in and make these hungry bitches some biscuits
hahaha or in my case 4444444444
five and a half hours to write 10 pages. I can do this. I just don't really want to. then i can finish the hunger games!
Yeah MWP... That elbow you gave Harden already showed you were "reppin your hood"...
thank you much, Irene, rainy here, but had a good night :)
I don't need a therapist, I have friends.
Love it!!! RT : I'm on a stakeout with all lady reporters; rare and awesome!
let me know if you find a good one. I'm looking as well
I am not sure, I may have to go tomorrow, don't know how much longer I can go without a bosco
yeahh I was thinking about you too lol
There's almost nothing I will do to prevent Train from being perpetrated on the world.
broken link
Four days till
Heat was 2 seed so why not them vs us?
I'm going crazy, cause he throwing money..
Everyone has 1 film that none of their friends enjoy. I know a guy that digs "Play It To The Bone"
Like chicken wings??
girl until 9pm its cool tho
Don't go thinking that this was a waste of time.
I didn't know Jamie Foxx sang the alcohol song either he's pretty talented
Everytime you lie, it brings me a little closer to goodbye. </3
All the people that are in my life eventually move on and leave me by myself.
NBC's Community is has been renewed for 13 episodes next season. Great news for a great show!
sorry. just saw ur tweet; was out of country. medical librarians r avid social media users. what type of research r u doing?
he is playing bball too....dana is happy!
Someday I will be noticed by you or you or you or you or you <U+2665>
Great time for a first interception!!! Ravens win!!!!
thank you for watching this while I am at work
My name is nick and I love my girlfriend ;)
Then you better go cool off since my awesomeness is radiating over the pond
We were able to hire another sales rep today, excited to see LMS grow and more importantly I am excited about the people we are hiring!
Did you know that most American car horns beep in the key of F? If you could customize your car horn, what sound or song would it be?
Movie n popcorn kinda day here at home watching the cabin in the woods.
Goals > convenience
I'm Supposed To Be Washing Dishes.
wat up tweeters
excellent win today for the Timbers!
Jesus Fucking Christ, are all you batshit conservatives going to screech about the media EVERY time you get called out for being idiots?
A Monster Calls
Today is such a Royal Flush day
Countdown ... 8 days till I start my second & part-time job with the ! Come say hi at Target Field.
As far as the laws of maths refer to reality, they're not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
I sure do!
Show update coming soon!
recommends considering being "too afraid NOT to act on your passions." Great way to flip fear on its ass! Love it!
make me something to eat im hungry :-)
My cuz over in Japan playin B- ball .Thankful that he's 10 hours away from the catastrophe praying 4 those who are affected.
Thanks sweetie
or maybe I didn't. I swear I said something about it but might have been drinking
says: DDOT reports road collapsing at 22nd & H St, NW. The 800 block of 22nd St is closed at this time. DDOT on scene.
but it is what I do best :-P
fuck this game :(
Think I had a Monster too many Im chitty chatty and text waring myself cause nobody can keep up!!!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (:
Why do people who know the least know it the loudest?
He lives in Canada :| ?
Caddyshack is on!
Has anyone else has deplorable customer service from Sears lately?
I have officially vanquished my summer to do list. Now to start on my fall to do list. The king is dead, long live the king.
What makes them think the Midwest is flat?
I can't lift my arms today. So I'll yell at chad too even though idk who he is.
No prob-- I was going to go over at 2:30 to look at audio. I have the reservation copy.
How long have U been in re in Wichita?
New hair colors and style=bonkers
How is it on a scale from onw to ten??
First bad tamale of my life. How disappointing.
The eyeball of a human weighs approximately 28 grams
My arm keeps having muscle spasms!...
If the NHL were to start a round robin with eliminated teams...no one would watch the rest of the playoffs!!
Tonight was not my night. Ugh :( Had fun playing #Skullgirls with the #Dustloop guys though. Copping that tonight at 3am on XBLA woot.
I am hoping to see a lot more of my fav sooner then later. I know hes got bigger things coming...
Yeah I'm just gonna work hard and see where it gets me
no i never had them to begin with Hahahaha
you guys gotta come back!
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.1
i say this everyday yo RT : There is no need to take pictures of yourself this early in the morning
how about this one for a #classicjoke, just read it 2day, girl is that a keg in ur ass, cause i wanna tap it. Lol
What's it like to win a hand at showdown in a tourney?
I mean you got it taken care of so I guess that means you're attractive again...
Will you be including images in the facebook posts soon?
Happiness is for wimps.
I've had my eyes on the prize even through the slump. Monday will be a good day.
Teacher: What can we do to stop polluting our waters ?Pupil: Stop taking baths ?
Shout Out to he's a real cool person and he follows back so go follow him :)))
This is my last regular week of highschool ,
RT : Hello Tweeters! Please note that our twitter handle has changed to . Help us get to 250 followers. Pls RT!
Thank you very much.
Yes! RT : What you bring into your life should be worthy of a standing ovation. If not, you might want to close the curtain!
wow Keegan Bradley, almost holes a 90 footer for birdie
We're sorry to hear that, I believe we just sent you an email.
When is Wilfred back on?
Want great hair,makeup,and clothes tips? Go buy the "seventeen" the cover will be Demi Lovato! (:
o well dude I love you man u.u
divnt forget to listen to rihanna and chris brown birthday cake remix its the type of filth your ass loves!!
TGIF & Happy Anniversary bud! Are you going to paint the town red tonight?
If money wasn't an object what Cadillac would you own?
Though I think Witz's favorite was "Oh Mercy," so that tells you something right there.
Register for my July 24 workshop & receive a 1-day pass to the Burbank Film Festival (9/15-18) and admission to their Women's Night Mixer.
Wronger than a Left Turn cause you know that shit ain't Right.
Can't wait for the weekend
What does everybody think about new #Vikings Def. Coor. Alan Williams? The Colts have had a surprisingly better pass defense than you think
Thanks. Be prepared for a lot of beer-related tweets :) Heading to tonight!
Hello Jack, I left a message on PokerPoint's "Wall" Thanks.
Don't you love Indianapolis?
interesting person
Notepads in this generation of Technology? You Crazy? Make your bar or restaurant hum with Hummingbird POS
yessirr! Stepping it up on recruiting!
just made our reservations for thursday! looking forward to some yummy spanish food.
I'm informed there's a supply of baby shoes such as moccasin bootees and little bootees. We're really in need of low priced bootees. [1944]
Also starting to learn pinch harmonics :D
hey now, be nice.
Easy Question :] Q: What's Ariana's age?<U+2661>
m thanks!! Great meeting you as well. We have the pink that Kat was wearing!
Great night of bouts for the US Olympic Team Trials for Women's Boxing w/ Tomorrow night is the finals!
Hypnotized by The Franchise.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth on a pizza? He ate it before it was cool.
R U watching the new show on #ExtremeCouponing? Imagine how they could show #CrazyLove by sharing their purchases with food banks?
Ahh can't wait to enjoy the sunshine on lunchbreak #corporateproblemas :)
This day is taking so long
Many thanks to for bringing in some of their new Jalepeño Mozzarella Bagel Breakfast Sandwiches... Good stuff
Arsenal secure 3rd, the 1st half of the dream is now complete. Now if Chelsea lose the CL final, life will be perfect. Go Bayern!
No matter what lies someone tells the truth will always prevail!
RT Aw. That Burgher gave the foul ball..Guy at work said he caught foul ball, gave it to a kid last night. You're right, a good guy
You're on my mind 90% of the time, & that other 10% is wondering if i'm on yours too..
friends of the year nominees
I hope you're right. But I talk to lots of people - all walks - and I think the movement should be open 100%
hope that helps and thx for checking out !
That record you did for Future is too crazy.
Another San Diegan #London bound! Congrats to La Jolla's Carrie Johnson who'll represent USA at #Olympics in sprint kayak
fuck i really need a skateboard! thats like my ultimate hobbie im addicted to that shit -.-
A word of advice. If it's been in the fridge for more than 3 days, get rid of it. I'm learning this lesson the hard way.
": Sitting in car rocking out to "
oh...sitting in the car outside getting my mind right. You know the deal...
Exactly! Use it to facilitate and not replace interaction.
you're volunteering for teh lulz? Why, how nice of you.
That sounds so nice. I need to commandeer a laptop
For my L's bitches!!!!
IM FUCKING TOO LAZY TO MOVE
i no right
it was already on!! When I was putting the straw it in all shot out lol
No it's wasn't iconic boys.... It was ICONic Boyz...(:
I love my brother and his friends.
have a fabulous trip and great to see you!!
When I needed a breath to rise, from my sleep No one could help me.. except God
Hey there won't be many friends and family needing tickets for Nashville tonight, right? ;) Can you reserve section 2 for me?
More Bull Shit!
now following bk the beYOUtiful miss
i am surprised Bravo hasn't snapped you up. You need to pitch them some ideas - seriously
Clean rape tube bid?
Bodies are being oiled, pushups applied....
#hackingmedicine RewarDr - Gamifying healthcare for the patient. Great idea, get it done!
#1: the quick & dirty fix - Google Docs + Dropbox. Easy, but not secure, no legal cites in Google Docs.
Thank you so much for your kind words! Pls stop by again when you come to NY!
Thanks just took it! Think I aced it :D Still have lecture though
Not diggin’ the temperature drop? Come on in for one of our savory soups like tomato bisque, minestrone or midwest corn chowder.
RT : Over 18000 Mavs fans are at the FREE AAC Finals Watch Party. MFFLs we have one more half of Rowdy Proud and Loud to go!
If the lessons of history teach us anything it is that nobody learns the lessons that history teaches us.
All followers are welcome here, but letting you know that Central CA CLUW has an additional Twitter pg at Please follow! :)
Flight to New Orleans takes off in 12 hours, can't wait to cheer on the CATS!! Totally worth the 4 am alarm!
trololololol now he's in the freeezeeer :P
2 more months and a new begining in a new place Puerto RICO here i come cant wait!!!
Addicting my friend
“: To dare is to lose your footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose yourself - Kierkegaard” Love this-- so true!
I ask the same ? why chick beer when there are so many good beers.. response why have so many flavors of Ice Cream
Figured out my prom dress and hair:)) #Excited!
what time are you going....your nephew and i might help
So is in my 3k steeple race tomorrow night
...but I don't want to find real people looking for hot sex. I'm looking for room temperature sex.
Mahalo ! "Liking what I see with Sprout Social with Gwen @ #SMSHI Had been curious about it."
JUST GO BACK FROM TAKING MY LIL GIRL TO THE HOSPITAL EVERYTHING IS WELL WITH HER
thanks. Fun to do
Awesome search story!! :D Should send it to the Arrogant Butcher's manager ;)
Thanks for following us, APA! Meow us at Plush this Thurs.!
Driving past Disneyland, remembering the last time I went...um, November 1982!!
not sure, but I will let you know :)
It was....nice?
We couldn't agree more!
I have one, but I only see her in the mornings. :( LLN
slay one for me!!
Oh, good one! RT : Fleet Foxes, hands down
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. ~ Ayn Rand
really? You don't like him? Well here's something else that's not true, us being friends.
Today I went to see live in concert! Words can't describe how BRILLIANT they were! Prodigy you waved and winked at me 1-4-3
systemic change, I think, is what #Occupy is mostly about.
crazy digital world jargon of the day "remote omniscience"
we want to be everywhere! Thanks for the support mike
thanks for the tips. I could use some lessons on all.
ROFL & CGU! U guys woke me up with Your loud wrds! SMH
haha pirates and ninjas are just brothers from a different mother and they don't know it...lol
Tebow trows a Intersection to Chung! Patriots got it at there own 31. 1st and 10
CALIFORNIA is only 69 days away for you!! I get to see YOU (my best friend) in 69 days :D
ok well im at my moms meow making myself a cd and grabbing some shit for the project and ill be headed home to snag some wifi
We're so happy to be here! [Even if I am sick and haven't tweeted for days, sorry!]
please follow me austin <3 :)
Looking forward to speaking about Social Media in the future and for your industry - tweet me your Questions and comments
Random tweet *Shrug*
good question, we heard rumors she still may add dates
Thanks for the follow :D
20k homeless in ATL on any given night! Milton Little, United Way
hey! You follow me already, and your retweeted i would die!(;
#MyLastGoogleSearch how to get love bug guts out of clothing.
what does that mean :S
Last meeting of the day and it's at Crazy Mocha. Chai Latte in the spring sun? I can deal with that.
on essay question about Al Jazeera, pretty much everyone in the class mentions the canal/porn thing. Excellent teaching...
Thanks for the RT!
Hi my love:)
Now... where is my yummy coffee??? At my friend's house of course, silly!!!
Regina: Ma'am, do you have this in the next size up? Saleslady: Sorry, we only carry sizes 1, 3, and 5. You could try Sears. Lmfao!
K-12 is business and the profit = student achievement. Use that to guide $ decisions and go deep in conversations that matter.
Before she eat it she gone clean that dick, I gotta clean bad bi**h
Annoyed after watching Rory McIlroy win the US Open and sick of all the hype they're giving him Time for your comeback buddy!
do you get all these from uber facts?
im bored as fuck right now
That link doesn't work. :(
I just gotta make it til November && get my Diploma && pass my State Board!
#mythoughtsatschool why do year 8's cut eachothers hair. Why are you orange. Why do people 6months older call us kids LOL. K
~ UPDATE: New York sky is sunny * delightful, not at all slightful ~
On that grand day, assassination rumors persisted, and I took my position on a horse behind Mr. Lincoln's carriage during the procession.
Josh, You need to take ananthropology courses on culture.Why would you interfere with a tradition of killing a chicken?
yea got one at 4 and one at 5 till about 630 or 7 you can always double up like you used to old man hahaha
My liddo bro did amazing in his game! :) he sacked the qb, made a touchdown, got good sacks, and gained some yards! :D way to go little man!
Bring Optimism & Inspiration Naturally & Graciously
congrats win well deserved love ya?#Rusherspartyingworldwide ?
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once one grows up.......-Pablo Picasso
Follow & read his new book In the Arms of Nightmares. I am looking forward to it. Follow if you like serial killer genre!
i loved snow crash and diamond age, but cryptonomicon and baroque cycle could both be cut by a half i think
what body part do I have to show for some tickets to tonight's ATDI show?
I really wish I was in Baltimore today. Go Ravens!
Producer/Directors meeting today...There will be gold.
Watching wrestling documentaries with
OMFG?! Really?? Shit, I can't even go, I just need to ride on the airplane's wheels then. Hahaha. LMFAO, not a good idea. -___-
On the other hand, New Found Glory's version of Arrested Development's "Tennessee" is cringe-inducing.
Mid South played it as JYD had lost his sight forever! He even "missed seeing" the birth of his daughter LaToya
lousy. so much time changing, not enough time perfecting
"Do you want to share that with the class?" "No that's why I whispered it."
#PinkTip Revive your brand every few years. Do not get stuck in an outdated time zone.
Rec2Tech. Can we invest in youth & give them workforce skills for our growing innovation sector? Importing talent doesn't help city.
stuntn' in my city ": Going to #WMC? Want to b VIP ? Want to b StuntN? Enter raffle to win VIP tix
Talk about your sexy nightspot. The yelp reviews would be off the chain.
smoothie date with
thanks Priya. Hope we can tempt you with some subtle ombré hilights next time x
can i have a shoutout too? I need to get to 500 followers.
I pretend that I don't care, but it just makes me miss you more.
REMEMBER, THE FIRST WORD IN USA IS "US"!
i love it when im spending time w/ frnds. Lol
skype date with my secret wife
Congratulations to all of the draft eligible guys who are about to become !
#BestTVThemesEver My 3 Sons, WKRP, Three's Company, Battlestar Galactica (newer one), Jeffersons, Sanford & Son, Lavene & Shirley, Love Boat
where is that? Take me there
Grind=Shine.
I'm thrifting in bg today too! Where all are you going?
nothing...finally got back on twitter...forgot the pass.
RT : Platos closet: you cant leave with just one thing
Did you know it was National Happy Hour day? No, we didn't either, but like you needed another excuse to drink 1/2 off Tequila from 4-7pm..
RT : For Oolong junkies, article re my fave tea place in Portland, OR - - tasty high-end tea retail & cafe:...
i hope you feel better soon! i havent been doing much but i had a really busy weekend hbu?
Helen Collins is an inspiration for everyone. Thanks for sharing the news.
I have to say that 's facebook feed may be one of the funniest things i've followed in awhile.
Is funny and hot?
Wow...Westbrook is going at Kobe. He's fearless!
For some reason twitter seems to be giving me troubles today
The Center Street Swing Bridge will be closed to vehicular traffic on Monday March 26, 2012 and Wednesday March 28, 2012
We have PASSOVER SPIRITS coming out of our ears !!!
...if there's a movie based on one of books premiering it should excuse you from having to spend the day writing. => AGREED!
“: I smell a lot of vanilla... Its like I am in a sea of strippers” hahahaha
Join today for free post highlight tapes from YouTube and photos today create your player profile get more exposure for free don't miss out
WHAT A WET & WINDY START TO 2012!!
It opened fridAy duhh
love it!
pretty much an awareness campaign via ads. Just2tough 2track it. Still thnk Facebook ads hav value but tough in Auto industry
#IowaSt They did it!! Congrats on your biggest school win ever!! Best college football game I've seen in awhile :)
Yes! Nice cool clear drive into station this morning and the stars were incredible. :-D
Ok so clearly that apple pie at 2:45am was a horrible idea <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
this midterm is so easy
yep & feel like there's something caught in throat. can drink & not to big issue tho.
Put a #banana in you #ear Cereal Bowles
Carob chip? Are you trying to buy our love with hippie chocolate?
Kids take note: silence is weakness. Never be afraid to be that one lone voice in the crowd. You'd be suprised how quick people will follow.
thanks my dear friends but you are on the outside looking in......
I traveled 5.5 miles via bike. Feeling pretty damn #accomplished. Yay me ;D
I could never have a gf. Girls and these cutesy voices HAVE to b why woman beating was invented
I am pleased with my level of dirtiness today.
Champions in any field have made a habit of doing what others find boring or uncomfortable. Keep Smiling.
Just let the tears flow! Don't hold back! ;)
& I are so loving to one another.
aww should be fun! yeah this year it was the day before mine haha :) Cant wait! yep, 14, 15 night, 16th and once in oct haha .xx
Anyone have 'stop SOPA' ribbons
Putting pic on my wii
It's bound to be critiqued, but I think she's headed in the right direction. Women can't be blamed for men's crimes.
Can you tell I want to talk to her, please?
#swsea11 Sorry for the delay -- soda, water and anything you guys requested via Twitter is on its way as fast as we can get it there!
Tonight! : Father John Misty
MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND... MAY 27TH!!! BLACK AND WHITE PARTY... AREA 31.
hey : excited to have my #English569 class working on projects for the #DALN... today we'll be skyping with
#playoffhockey and why the fuck is friends on that TV?
Don't people have better things to do with their time? ...There's rock and roll... -my boss.
what's up with the ankles? Glad to help where I can.
what a bunch of idiots! Lol and these people have their own show...SMH
Thank you, happy Monday! All the best- Jake
Charge it to mind not my heart
you get use to it tho. well some ppl do
Keep up the great work in your jiu jitsu! We've added grappling to our Battle of Atlanta 43. See www.Sportjujitsu.org for rul
#nwp this week's #T will be, in part, in-game…
Had a photo shoot today with my nigga !
Had a great meeting with our new national AOSA () liaison, Josh Watt, in Memphis yesterday. Good things coming!
haha we are awesome!
On my way to the city, blastin' my man Hopsin with the windows down. <3
For Pygmalion, #sfeng252, we want to think about Eliza and Henry. What does each value? How does each treat others?
Someone just described a scent as "Pachuli-like" as though I should know what that means. You're strange, #Riverwest, and I love you...
lol okay then good job
looking forward to seeing all our friends at the Villa Rica B2B tomorrow. Check out vrb2b.com for details!
you know what it feels like to be left out too now don't you?
thnks for the follow! Much appreciate if ya want, u can promote?
#iNeverLeave without a comb/pick, phone of course, and at least a little money.
Bakersfield finishes Q3 strong, increasing their lead to 16 (91-75). The Jam are shooting 62.5% from the field after 3 quarters!
Hey, where did you get those clothes? At the toilet store? RT Am I the only one who didn't find the first Anchorman funny??
no problem is too big for God! John 16:33 is a great verse to look up if you have time!
Plz RT : Score face time with L.A. casting director Ty Harmon. When Saturday @ 10 a.m PST. How? Tweet me 4 easy details
neither is mike brown steve blake or ramon sessions. But they sure as hell shut down lawson. Without any problems whatsoever
lol is he in consideration?
Do they think Walmart or iTunes cares or even KNOWS who they are?
Will be keeping eye on Daytona and watching last hour or so of race after conference. Have to keep my rooting interest hidden.
GUEST ANNOUNCEMENT later today!
Obama's remark to Medvedev-best reason for one-term limit.Then any Prez can think about what is best for USA without concern for re-election
Aww, that's an exciting trip! I'm sure he will, too. And the pups will be fine. Human separation anxiety is worse.
Cool. They counted the buzzer bomber. Final was 5-2.
you're more misguided than I thought!
UK's Anthony Davis named national player of the year by Sporting News.
Just finished helping antwonette with some Zumba practice at wow this is hard!!, lol
Good luck to the Hawks and Wings today! May the best team win!
me too *looks around suspiciously*
What happens if neither team can score any runs? Do the #Pirates and #Astros eventually just call it a tie?
Crew wrapping up auditions in Newport. Look for new Around Town episode featuring homegrown talent- channel 411.
only problem is that mattress shopping is so boring and expensive
Hahaha me think you funny.
She made my night
Omg I'm soo annoyed. Thank God I have parents who care about me no matter what. I love you Brian, no matter what. (:
science flew man to the moon religion few men into the worldtrade centre
nevermind not going no extra ticket. oh well, hopefully next time.
chad just took the plastic off your plug! He said it was a condom!
My friend just earned a trip to the Bahamas through beachbody...I want to go to there. :) It's my new goal!!
We will be closed on Monday for Labor Day. We hope you all have a good long weekend and enjoy the end of summer!
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. - George Edward Woodberry
#coremedia in #sanantonio is the hookup for CD replication, t-shirts & band merch!
Never thought about it before, but *NIX has a command named 'head --help'.
Latest #LowerNorthForkFire: National Weather Service says winds will be calmer but humidities will be higher. Fire estimated 4 square miles
...Pygmy goats are a goat species, not a breed.
RT : The longest conversation my roommate and I have had in the past week was just now over Skype in the same house Lol< gay
“The level of service has been amazing and the quality of our finished product has certainly helped our business "–J.Poole
whatever ! Some of us are beginners B.
ha, we're all immortal sages at 16, eh?
really dont appreciate creepers who pull up along side me when im running. no i dont want to be your friend. no i will not give you my#
:( awh i didnt mean to hurt any feelings now
so, youre back? c:
Think of a name yet?
I'm really only like 3/4 company necessary to combat loneliness, maybe even only 1/2.
Visit today Career Fair - looking for FT #sales reps AND business related summer #internships ($15/hour in San Dimas)
morning Mz E < I say it a lot, but it's true. She is wuts good round here in the FLA. Hope you have a great day Mz E
how about gimp
John Lynch sharing how he tried to impress Seau at a baseball game he player at Oceanside high. First time he pitched 90 mph.
If you say the word gullible really slowly it sounds like you're saying orange.
Undefeated in beer pong tonight
re: #Paul's Boutique sample lawsuit -For fuck sake!
I am curious, what is everyones New Years Resolution for 2012?
RT We've got a great rock trio in Europe (KPB) battling 200+ bands for a tour.They're #1. Your vote helps!...
You just want to keep me from going to Subway for lunch! :)
what's up faker
Your CADDY FROM maines (John) says HI
I can not express in words how much I love Google Chrome. Google, I'm giving you a thumbs up! You can give your browser different skins.WILD
Angelina Jolie Resurfaces Without Makeup in Ecuador - Us Magazine
if you just have a cam its ok
Update on running Mac OSX Lion… Don't use Safari until they update it unless you want it to consume ALL of your RAM!!!
definitely a possibility. will shoot you a text later on tonight!
Peter is living my dream. Have a kid. Get ambered. Wake up and you've got a grown adult kid. No messy diaper days or teens to deal with.
just Introduced myself to your boyfriend haha
what do mean like to?? I do. Period :)
I'm here remotely. I'll be there next year!
68% of American are considered obese.... yikes.
More. New. Followers!! Love you you ALL!!
Klout also believes I am influential about "refrigerator" ...
i have a superpower i have a teenager with a attitude and i am not in jail ..yet
Avery Bradley not on the court, Ray Allen starts the 2nd half.
I hope you both get fat ! #biggirlsneedlovetoo !
What is this??? I'm finally leaving for San Diego??? Hellz ya!!!! :D
Vocal tracking continues today
happy 100 years for Studs Terkel, one of the great American historians
i can def. organize by state + format -- my source for this was a radio list.. will have to find something else for tv
Going to the #pet store with
happy equinox
Thanks beautiful!
Once you were mine, and me were in love, we talked everyday, now you're .. hers, in love with her, &talk to her everyday. NOT me.
Anyone have any brunch suggestions in #milwaukee? Bonus points if they are part of
I hate when stuff don't go my way I be so ready to cry
I can relate to that. I think they need to revised periodically with input from everyone.
Nothing helps this hunger. I should be focused on other things in my life right now. What happened to confident me? When did I stop caring?
was great though we had a bit of a delay at the airport! Nothing a little lunch won't solve!
To bed early for graduation...why am I responsible...
Watching Mad Men again felt like hooking up with an ex after a long time. Kept thinking, "Did it used to be this weird?" Silver Fox was ON!
Dwele "Body Rock" Produced By
"I heard that twitter, facebook and youtube are merging. It's going to be called "YouTwitFace." - George Verwer
Kloppenburg supporters energized here - say no city of Madison votes have come in yet. That's where they predict she could do very well.
For a person that I love to understand me... They must know when to thank me... And when to appreciate me... And the difference.
Today is going to be a great day! Do you know why? Because everyday is a great day!
Knock, Knock! Who's there? Theodore! Theodore who? Theodore is stuck, and I can't get outside to pee!
RT Barkley: "If u left DeAndre Jordan in the gym all night and told him he couldn't dunk he'd have 6 points in the morning"
Our guitarist, , will be passing out flyers to the show tonight at the House of Blues Dallas after the ABR show!
Are you going to be joining us on the time traveling couch tonight? ha
it was so good! Haha my mom rented it so we were all watching it together and it was awesome
": Morning wood. Lol" hahaha! G'morning!
who are you exactly?
Lovers Ill be posting some new comics as soon as I get home to WHAC the Washington Heights Arts Club, my batcave
yes and I was shocked! This should be interesting and how it plays out.
Wow, I'm really impressed. Do you have them framed on your office wall?
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day, saying, "I will try again tomorrow."
I forgot I had this thing....
7 pm; still at office; two more must do tasks for today; haven't been to the gym yet; starving. Conclusion: Wednesdays suck.
The Summer Classic Dog Show Series will be an electric feel after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
I have to say goodbye to my first car, Prixie today. I'll get her back one day..... :(
well uhm ill get on again tomorrow (x lol ~Dannah
Nice comparison and it's even accurate as lions take down gazelles. “: The Lions of Boston Take on the Gazelles of Philly
Drinkink c. Pesquie terrasses cdr. Decent fruit and nice tannins, but maybe a tad too acidic.
Happy Pi Day to all!
Wow I just saw Eric, VAL BALISTRERI, and VIRG all within 20 min. What a day :)
Lord Adonis admits that 50%oxbridge entrants from private school but fails to acknowledge that his 13yrs of Education policy have did that.
Isn't this old?
Mayor Ballard changed the polling location for Perry 34 voters this afternoon. They now report to Southern Dunes Golf Course on 5/8.
"You're tearing me apart LISA!"
pfffft the law cant control me!
not sure how much direction I can provide, but always happy to share & learn with, especially about Bourdieu-
My freakin Chest just got stuck in a shirt wtf my chest is not dat big enough to get suck where the shirt doesn't go over them.smh
RT : Misspoke there at 9:00 - sales tax increase would mean an additional $5 in tax on that $1000 grocery bill for a family of 4
#disneypickuplines I can show you the world, take you wonder by wonder, over sideways and under, on a magic carpet ride. - Aladdin
Haha . Okay c:
Right. Back to Sunset Grille!
.'s own tweeting live today from #HA_diabetes ^RM
Someone else from Xena or Hercules. That would be fun. Thanks for asking.
How you doing?
Now THAT was a party
Is anyone planning a party/retrospective for 50th Anniversary of Shepard's 1961 launch - 1st American in space?
Fake Bacon should be a crime...
I need to change my phone number.
"Who knows better than you know, / Lady, the circumstances of this event" William Bronk, from "Virgin and Child with Music and Numbers"
excellent! Promise I'll knockout a few tomorrow!
Day drinking!
Excavation underway.
night and #teamshady :)
1) CURRENT medical documentation is not required 2) Most important is a diagnosis by a provider 3) Chiropractors ARE considered providers
I could have sworn I looked at the US site. WTF. LOL
Why? I don't want to go. My bed was so warm. Let me go back please? No? Okay v-v
listen to some lectures from Terance Mckenna on "Creating Your Own Culture" its insightful and may help. it helped me..youtube it
still ma nigga.. how the hell u been.
That would be cool. I know this sounds stupid, but after the WC, I don't hate the Caps. Their fans were awesome.
tashaun and lester keep quoting it lol
got drunk, fell down, ran away lol
true but I wish it was atleast in the 60's during break :p
BIG S/O TO MY TWIFEY(TWITTER WIFEY) FOLLOW HER EVERYBODY REALY GOOD MANAGEMENT.THE BEST!
Plotinus would be very important in this look. I am not conditioned by European Enlightenment even though I am curious about it too.
Just got off work about to take a well needed nap!!
FREE WRAPPING ALERT! Tonight only, we will wrap your Outwrite purchases for FREE. See y'all soon!
ugh. now all these spam twitters are tweeting me cus i tweeted something about a 'camera".
Time to go irrigate the ol' mouth holes! Let's see what got stuck up in there!
": Everyday4Women A big hit for Mother's Day! She really liked the bottle." <~~~ Thanks for the support* Glad it was loved*
#BeachHouse were so much better when they called themselves #Slowdive. Have I said that before? No matter. I'll say it again, I'm sure.
he's kind of bigger than me. lol we go to the park in P.E and I tried getting on my friends back.
I'll bet they were as tough or maybe even tougher than our team. #SpecialOperations #SpecialForces?
keep pushing dont give up..they want u to quit...dont be defeated..keep fighting for you and what u want WHOOP!!!
i said i was gone rip that bill gates
thank you for following my #twitter page. Also follow my film page via
"Vegetarian" is an old indian word for bad hunter.
following back
i have the harsdest time with saying goodbye and letting go.
!!!!! ": I dont want to live on this planet anymore! Fuck off liverpool!"
Thanks for the good times, Denver.
Mundane tweet of the day: I'm chewing gum.
great you?
Just as good! CHEERS to that! How will I know if it happened?? Can you give me a title clue?
New design out soon
lol come on boo
im bumpin this #NICKLEBACK tonight.. thats my flow for tonight
fundraising committee is looking for support with raffle prizes
the American club is no longer exclusive
thanks man
your website is not working.
hey Dave how been man call me
Whenever I see high school kids acting like idiots, I can't but think; "Jesus, was I this fucking obnoxious???"
i will
Trying to force out that fart before you pass the big group of people and completely botching the timing <
rehearsal day! ready to jam!
i wanna audtion! how
Jessica Sanchez is trending worldwide...
The crib hes in is my Aunts crib!!! lol
FRONTLINE-Duke Collaboration Sheds Light on U.S. Financial Crisis
she's a swifty. She cut herself & lost too much blood.
His spirit is pretty awesome.
RT : This week's top 5 #CMJ Jazz: , Stanley Jordan, , ,
THANKS ANITA..CAT'CHA OVER @ R/N..T/F/S..
ight. Yo that kid was the best man. It's said that we lose someone great.
goodnight hope to see u soon
I been good, yourself?
Fun nature fact: When Snookis around the world get pregnant, their babies gestate in their bouffants.
who else is going? Me but you already knew that ;)
Just got back from St. Paul's School in Fenton, where the Anat Cohen Quartet performed for and took question from students in 5-8 grade.
research reveals "consumers higher standards" causing huge pressure on brand equity & pushing bar for brands
Northern Westchester Hospital Designated a Center of Excellence for Weighloss Surgery
accents won't stop
that's totally awesome! But, your version can't be beat!!
Merry Christmas!
Yes, you're right Tony was one of the great actors of our time.
My ankle still hurts
My Lil sisters eyes Be Going From Green , to Gray !
the apps are probably on a regular computer or your phone too
Yay? Something we should know about?
KEEP ON HELPING ALEX GET ROCKSMYSOCKSOFF TRENDING <3
rose bowl, here we come!
Great idea! RT In honor of Rick Santorum, the first photo I looked at on my new iPad 3 was porn.
you two should tweet me soon! I miss you two! <3
Gun Safes: Safe storage for firearms are a popular Christmas Gift it seems. I work with GUN SAFE companies and they are selling gun vaults.
wcheck out brandi carlile. Folk artist from seattle. I've been a fan for years!
Not just to understand academia, but also to translate it. Challenge for these public intellectuals.
20-4 run in last 6 minutes. From the rebound dunk and 3 by Bost. Defense wins championships.
i won't tell your secrets. your secrets are safe with me. i will keep your secrets, just think of me as the pages in diary.
Thanksgiving is over, which means, it's time to decorate for Christmas...
The good people sleep much better at night than the bad people. Of course, the bad people enjoy the waking hours much more.
I love motown
Thanks for the follow Insight Labs Alumni (insightlabsters)! :)
thanks So much for coming I feel really bad I am just recognizing who you were. I thought too myself that lady look familiar
You got it! DM your address so we can mail your gift card.
I am beyond exhausted
I'll pull a Red Forman on them suckers
Just checked out ur blog -- those pix of you and Austin Wilde are gonna help ME cum this morning!
is our mission... just to LOVE everyone? and everything you live life with? Friends, family, lover(S)????????
Got paid today. Which means I'm buying concerts tickets till I'm broke again
Ehh with my hobby I'm sure it wouldn't take it out of me. I thought it be your age level that'd take it out of ya.
Thanks! The best thing right now is to spread the word around Facebook/Twitter.
Worst part of being unemployed = no money. Best part of being unemployed = Nap Time!!!
Super moon this weekend :0
Like write/draw your wedding comic. Get on that!
Thx sweetie! RT : hope you have had a great Mother's Day
Countdown to #CIAA!!!!
maybe some of my desperation will come across in my applications
Starships...catchy poppy bliss
Not to mention they just did a deal with the Angels.
lol thats cool and all but bottom line is, him tryin wont do a damn thing as long as the law makers hate him.
Sunday in the park with George, I think.
sharing is caring
That nap I took earlier >>>
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
no bueno. Mama doesn't have a VHS thingy :( episode should be online if you go someplace with fancy wifi
“: I'm from UAE. DUBAI”nice to meet you
Spazzing out right now. thanks for answering me, !!! :D
watching poker after dark... and it sounds like you really dislike matusow lol
I could be watching Justice live right now...
lol... yeah, you are a barbie... Nothing is ever her fault
I've been working on Mojo's World nearly all day. my eyes hurt, my hand hurts (from clicking the mouse) & it's 3am. Time to call it a night!
A Million Little Pieces, then?
now why would u wanna do that
When people say "you can't do this/ or that" it just pushes me into getting it done quicker, and 110% better then the next person.
that's how I felt watching Rocko's Modern Life. I was dying.
are you planning on having any more kids because Gideon and Harper are so adorable!!!! :D
Flew back from Houston yesterday. All Texans (I'm generalizing) have wild accents, y'all. Lived there, done that.
Happy Birthday po! God bless. :)
Guys may be flirting around all day but before they go to sleep, they always think about the girl they truly care about
huh what
Thank you again!!": Thank you! Congrats to on their 25 year celebration! They changed the face of the spa industry."
this rain is on point right about now
I'm starting to get suspicious of Amber and this Tiffany lady. >_>
Aliyah won't marry me.
Mesmerized by the colored lights on top of the Chevron bldg outside my office window.
She was way too fly for me, so we ate up on the top floor, hoping all this altitude would impress her even more!
Partly cloudy and cold tonight. Your 7-day forecast is coming up on 10TV after this basketball game!
take it easy, it don't take a lot to please me
Serani can make a dark day sunny
Nothing pbr's on a porch in perfect weather.
I received the John Steinbeck book "East of Eden" for free on www.swaptree.com.
RT : The stop light turned red. I pepper sprayed that commie
yeah, i see that(:
Off topic, but timely: If you won tonight's $540 Mega Millions Jack Pot, what's the first thing you'd buy?
3-way Skyline rocks
followed :) promote us?x
Mom you have love and supported me since day 1. Happy Mother's Day
will do been a fan for a long time.
LOL it wouldnt break! lemme know, i can make it with picture frame hooks inlayed
guess Rex Ryan was too busy taking up acting classes this year to focus on coaching the jets
No more distractions...finally hittin the hay #ColeNight World!
Go Coyotes!!!!
So happy Amanda Knox is going home to Seattle!!!!!!
Everyone has a role to play, everyone has something to offer in the movement of justice -Shane Claiborne
FUN: Intern stakes his experience on the Apple Tablet www.TagYourMug.com
you read my mind
My 2nd pair of Brooks ST5's, coming from being a Brooks Beast guy, that's a big change . Did 14 miles in my 1st pair last wknd
So excited to be at to see but I may have made up the twitter handle.
Not a problem! We love when we can get our hands on good quality kids vinyl! I'm sending you a 10% coupon via DM! :)
Coach Dble D why do people continues to listen if they don't like U? Real easy turn channel or turn off radio. Kelp it up coach!!
“I always thought I should be treated like a star.” ~Madonna
actually... I did:)
Basic Income for every human being? Do we really believe that we are living in the time that will put an end to extreme poverty?
disappointed to hear that. We feel like we have the best prices/selection out there. dm me and we'll make something happen
#HomeBoyAlone for 2 days who can I chill wit
~ Wow, I'd have never believed it ! The St.Louis Cardnals and The Texas Rangers in will face-off in the 2011 World Series! Interesting ~
We open at 4:30 today and Tues. Night Flights. 6 great #craftbeer pours for $9- Serpent's Stout anyone?
RT : Just popped in to the WPA's "Select" exhibit on 18th and L. Amazing... And free and open to the public!
for bull? Whats that like a literal bull?
Its wayto early to be arguing and tears running down my face..
RT : please help spread awareness for #RyanKennedy who is a 9yr old boy losing his battle with brain cancer. It his wi…
These drops Huge!!
My short film, FRIENDS, won Best U.S. Narrative last night at the Lovett Film Festival. So thankful for my cast & crew for their hard work!
. Hasn't been an issue since they played our freshman year (Battle of the Duanys). Look for my thoughts soon
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from Social Good Detroit! We are thankful for our loved ones and mindful of those less fortunate.
thanks for the retweet
i was checking it out today... pretty cool
I love so much. I think all of Twitter needs to know it.
#CC250 MAYBE THERE ARE NO MISTAKES. ONLY WHAT WE HAVE TO FACE <U+2764> WOOOHHOOOOO SOUNDS LIKE AN ANGEL <U+2764>
I havent tweeted in a while. How is everyone? <3
Wait! Meant VH1. RT: Watching Most Shocking Music Moments on E!. Now this is good TV!
I just need to know his name !
Will Art Basel this year be anything like Art Walk in Miami's Design District and Midtown?
The hell does have tatted on his face now? is that the Quiksilver logo?
Cool #trivia: April 19, 1770 land was sighted by Captain James Cook in the South Pacific. That land was
Speak when you're angry, and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret. Lawrence J Peter
When a guy leads you on..
Capital city dance team prep class tomorrow from 3-5pm!!! One more week til try outs!!!
Awesome, Jason.
I wondered why they were all in class... He better let us go next year.
yeah dude, with daddy B creepin inside
Anytime, glrl! I'm a misplaced English and Philosophy major. I live for this stuff. Have a glass of wine! Cheers.
I agree. It would take somne proving though. I think the Bologna game went wrong aswell
happy birthday great photo!
Oh actually you had it right, that was a typo. My bad!
Favorite part of night:My girls & I Singing to Party in USA outside the bar in our car. The guys had to come knock on window.
i love you (:
Did people know it was a performance? Or did they take it seriously? Private emotions, public space can get sticky.
I am a dedicated Mahomie <U+2665>
we will see what OKC is about tonight!!!! LAKER"S BABY!!!
Smoking A Cigarette.
congrats! How'd it go?
good smile
Join us tonight at Diva for a very special Pre-Thanksgiving Party with a belly dance performance by Nese and music by DJ Savas.
Tough break, Schneider
let the food speak for itself!
music of the people by the people for the people! but great music: music of the spheres that calls on the best of humanity
later dude!!!
I'm seriously going to block you for this lmao RT : #swaggy ::justin bieber voice::
Agree, Emmy win = the new "Friends" RT : Modern Family has upside. Awards leading to buzz leading to top watched sitcom
I think we may need something smaller for this project but I'll keep my eye on it for the future - thanks for the tip
no matter how you feel,there's always gonna be something that makes you smile #TSS :)
I hate how kids that float by get everything handed to them.
both of you shhh!!
Los Angeles CA: I spent an amazing intense day in an acting workshop www.JohnSudolStudio.com Great stuff!
where have you been all my life?
Attended Loyola College reception last night at Columbia campus. Karyl Leggio announced eagerness to partner w/Howard Cty Business Commty
oh goodness!!
Airport #1 = Fargo... Passed security check now waiting to board my first plane of the day!
Going to have a few raffle giveaways tonight. If your company wants to give something away @ us, otherwise we'll just raffle Conj stuff!
both, hey I'm going to dm you
keep it real!!
Did you work today
My weenie-ass cried as I walked out of the bookstore ... Ha!
Putting finishing touches on the documentary.
Your amazing & I love you k bai
Wow you guys, can't wait for Saturday...looks phenomenal.
I am your constituent, and I oppose SOPA and PIPA.
Sometimes it's the small reminders, and not the huge accomplishments, that wake you up to the fact that your life is richly blessed.
Damn disney movies.
Support our Artists at Poised Creation! They support charities in your community!
Delicious dinner ! A true experience...thank you.
Happy Monday tweeps! **smile**
Napping on the balcony, waking up in the sunshine in January overlooking the ocean. Perfection.
Congratulations Ariel:)
Cheer practice (:
Looks like I am pulling an all nighter
'Deepwater' Illustrates Practical, Legal Challenges of Admitting E-Discovery
Despite my aversion to it, that conversation inspired me. Good to have you back in my life.
I understand. You wanted cuddle time with your bro. All good homie
Great chatting with you! RT Awesome time on with and /cc
Do you have pointy teeth? You've got the gray hair going on already. ;)
the day before yesterday I was mean, yesterday I was a crybaby, today I'm mean again. This pregnant thing is HARD.
oh god. she doesn't remember him. SHE DOESN'T REMEMBER HIM!!!!!
One follower away from 1000. When did that happen?
I think this is best weather we've ever had for 's Brew at the Zoo, yay! I am ready for a beer w/ those cuddly naked mole rats.
great stuff, as ever!
that put me over the top.
jaylon called me ugly
Delaney and Katie tie for third in 14U as does Sarah and Kaylee. Way to finish in 14U.
I'm finding this 12-3AM work block to be my most productive time of day.
Enjoyed my first pint taproom this weekend! Can see why it's the best new spot downtown to hit up before and after a Twins game!
Bahahahahaha. Thanks. Got a hotel and no outside porch furniture. :)
this trout salad at the porch is seriously the best salad I've ever had.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!33
What a comeback. It's the playoffs. Honestly I hope clips win
Lucas said leave me alone and get to work.
Hoping the CATS slam the DOORS shut today !!! #BBN #SEC CHAMPS
Someone left a random post-it on a door this morning asking what I'd do today if I could do anything... I'd run. And yoga. And beach. You?
"I'd listened 2 Laura Bell Bundy & was looking 4 feel-good music. The tracks make u smile & toe tap." -M. Darlinson°(4 star I-Tunes review)
i think it's time to find a better job.
somebody made the logo bigger.
Does not watching any further after the Brewers couldn't capiltalize on 2 errors in the 11th make me a bad fan, or just realistic?
Like seeing again. Loved & on early days. even goofy Zip Ship show.
hahaha love you:)
woke up to see that the lost after all? Lame!
wow. Its been a while since I've seen you. Your avi pic is simply beautiful. What have u been up too?
let me know how the A&R stuff goes for sony/atv and stop by next time you are at 550.
I miss my wish I still had my cd they have amazing song and seem like awesome dudes haha
Always Be Architectin'
Oy! I can't leave the house w/out my coffee!! Gorgeous morning here, can't wait for work to be over and the weekend to start!
sounds awesome! Posting slides anywhere?
When you have a disagreement with a loved one, see if you can find 1 piece of truth in what they are saying-see if you can argue w/out “but”
Congrats ! ACC Champs!
Also, Dorothy read that book back in January, when I was quizzing her for Talk to Teens. You got scooped by a 16 yr old! Keep up!
Answer: The world's largest jar of jelly beans.
your twitpic post on FB
Well lots of people do, ohh well I guess it takes more to get the body moving for ya
I'm using the return leg so not yet.
Fuck the free world
I love my friends c:
9 months from today is the beginning of the end..
it is the green line.
Longest day EVER! Thank God my amazing man is cooking dinner <U+263A>
Is "wicked" SoCal slang, or do they use it on the East Coast, too?
Publishing the podcast,still waiting on the iTunes link. Will send that your way when it's ready if you want to wait for it
If East is east and West is West what happens when things go South?
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.Frank Loyd Wright
Threeve RT : Ditto. RT: : Yes. RT is it spelled gray or grey?
want an AI movie like Greek myths, and without hostile AIs and with artificially intelligent pornbots? write it! :-)
whats ya sched like today son? Me n ya nephew wanna come holla. Plus Im gon get some more stuff from u
Game dayy! #Celtics Nation!! It's gonna be a 'Bar Fight' *KG voice*
how was your day today
yes we are! Dag nab it we will play extra loud for you. :D
The five year old's air guitar in the Jeep next to us equals
no problem Lisa. I try to not be a Homer, so I doubt ill irritate you with my Wings leaning. Thanks for following back!
Loved Nine Lives last night!!!! You Can't Cancel The Show!!!
u welcome sweetie
its a lot of blog sites that love #PIL2 i mean come on people say they hate ja but his video gets 4 million views on
that did help a little ;) RT : Think #bacon ;) cc:
Major news announcement later today! What could it be?!?!
Happy Birthday to Miss !!!! Love you and enjoy your day darling!
First lunch was dry
POG. F yeah, man.
I was going to suggest Macaroni Grill.
may it be the start of a great Vegas trip!
Don't worry...there's always telesales
LMFAO, I remember I posted lyrics from a song and some jackass asked me if I was pregnant. Yeah fucking right.
RT : Mountaintops inspire leaders but valleys mature them. Winston Churchill
next time drink good beer.
please join and help us to support a cause
cool, thank you
It's a beautiful day in Charlottetown this morning. Finally feels like summer.
Thank you for the RT! Hope you're having a great week!
Great product for Christmas! Offers style and safety. Add to your Harley Street Glide or Electra Glide today.
Yeah, I use them for different things. This is actually more personal than what I do on FB, where I mostly post photos/music.
Audition today in Ohio for feature film starring Ben Kingsley then another audition this evening for a feature film in Kentucky....
No price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself. Nietzsche
and now here comes another t-storm tonight trying to see if it'll knock out cable again. better not!!!! or I'd be mad
Thanks. It sucks esp bc I didn't switch to DirectTV bc YES is premium w them. The was responding to me yesterday.
thanks! I'm excited!!
Happy Birthday!! Hope you have a great day!
Trying to teach a five month old the word cylinder
thank you!!!
True True---Ill make some BANK :))..before yall come back to Dallas---Stephen I finish school tomorrow!!! FREEDOMM BRO
Good to connect with you on Linkedin
"The power of hope on the human exertion and happiness is wonderful." Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches, p. 124
Good food Good friends =great time there! Will rent bikes this time too.
excited to head out for an interview with THE #California historian #KevinStarr about 'GoldenGateBridge for
WE LOVE YOU 2
thanks for the great pubcrawl last Sat. We look forward to working with you in the future.
Make love not war<U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+263A>
I beat you to it, Frank. Yes, we here in Manhattan want to know what it feels like to be an Alaskan. Just sayin'.
omg! I am totally getting that! My b-day is that day!! Ah! Can't wait! Tick tok tick tok till feb.14
Don't "just" publish data. Try to think about actual uses for end users.
just said "it's good news for kids when Katherine Cook's out getting soaked," LOL! Thanks, Aqui...
hey did you use all Ur tickets?
Oh, you know, around. I miss you too!! Almost done w/ school, huh?
"What you seek is seeking you. <U+2015> Rumi”
": Is Bones a good show?" Yeah but it's pretty predictable. Deschanel and Boreanez have great chemistry.
aww, I am liking it more and more. I have this iPhone app called TweetBot which makes it a much more enjoyable experience.
We Play Yall In Football !
until he face plants at 2nd,I'm not buying it.
Excellent. I'm going to try the route of getting in good with local midwives so I can get some of their freezer stash.
I think I just developed asthma.
All those hours of playing Risk as a child just paid off: Correctly identified Yakutsk on a map for class ( CC: )
We just sent you our new song. There are 2 emails because the retard didn't send the right attachment at first
Canadian suit
That Safehouse movie w/Denzel was pretty tight.
Looking forward to the and after party tonight
Great game Chiefs!!!!
Who's self-concious? LOLOL If you will try and troll me, make it better.
It's weird Jonathan Lucroy doesn't know we are dating..why isn't he waving to me?
The conversation I'm having right now >
One of these days I'm going to sit down with some good beer and make my gmail account less of a disaster.
Motown always reminds me of my mom. <3 #temptations "I don't need no money, fortune or fame I've got all the riches baby 1 man could claim"
very cool. Won't be able to make it across the river. Hope you'll give a report at #NITLE symposium
Caught part of and still time to eat before work. Hoping it's a good night.
We have already raised over $60 for the
Using an understudy for the first time ever after tearing a calf muscle during last night's show. So very sad. The pain is the least of it!
What up yo?
havent been on here in a min wats up
words can't describe how amazing you and are!<3 stay amazing<3
You're too kind. Thank YOU!
u should see the raw chicken we got a few days ago- just dripping blood....after 48 hr wait from reg. mgr. still no call! :(
Trying to think about how Sizemore's theorizing of wonder in *Wieland* might be useful for revisiting sleepwalking in *EH*.
im cashing out
Liam and Silver lol all the pics and most of the tweets are of Liam with the spoon
Im gonna keep trying ; <3
Thanks to Outside the Loop Radio for the story on Story Week, with Megan Stielstra! If you missed it, listen online here...
Chicago-Fire Dept heading to Diversey & the lakefront for a boat in distress.
Watching the #NFLCombine makes me a little nostalgic for the old Velocity SP days w/ & co.
¡Enjoy this weekend The Union of the Turtle!
Bella Swan is a really silly name, and the Flatiron building is shaped like an iron.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
do you have any interest in seeing a version with the raw audio?
*phone vibrates* Yay, I have friends! "Oh, hey Mom."
On CBA, Burke says get input but look at kid learning and administrator input. Doesn't say CBA should be adopted.
Thanks for the follow! Excited to check out all the cool stuff on your site...
We have EDC and Ultra my friend. Are you coming to EDCLV?
Expect nothing less. Sew u at camp Eddie. RT : As usual #Brewers 3rd base coach Ed Sedar gets biggest applause in staff intros.
Going to bed crazy day but someone got me through it thanks
Want to have clean air coming inside your vehicle? Most people don't know they have a cabin air filter in their car.
Hey, how've you been? I haven't talked to you in forever..
+1mil. RT : Watching #DanielTosh on comedy central, I'd like to see a special with him and #DavidChappelle that would be epic
Riding my bike to work makes me feel so smug. And if you know me at all, you know that's my favorite emotion.
Thanks! My id3s pulled, but some of Spotify's override my artist and genre edits. I don't want/need 40 different metal genres.
Watching our cat ignore his first Christmas tree. Huh. Let's see what happens when there are shiny dangly things on it, eh? :)
the Aggie basketball team lost an amazing young man who was to start Texas A&M in a few weeks on a full ride basketball scholarship.
Happy Birthday To My Role Model, Michael Jordan ! I Love You Michael <3 #basketballislife <3
I'm supposed to see the rest of the first rough-cut in the next day or two. I'm excited. Then the fine-tuning begins! Yeah!
Dear users, STOP CHEATING. You're eying mayorship deals for everyone. #sls12 cc:
NASA space telescope detects light from another Earth, which is twice the size of our Earth. I wonder if the people are 2x too.
no, unfortunately. that's a mistake in the listing.
Thanks for the follow Julie. Looking forward to inspiration!
Take note " : Rules: Your couch is always open for the night-but more than 3 nights better have a good excuse"
aw, you're too sweet!
maybe! but the current natural gas surge is almost certainly a helium surge, too
"I am so sick of the term 'hipster'" -Santigold
Good company on that list of private schools.
no one's gonna tweet me back part of the song? k :C
my auntie is here :))
i dont think wer havin it tomorrow.....are we?
hey it would be about 15 minutes for a global audience; any info you want our listeners to know. our show is all christian rap
Can everyone just chill with all this bullshit? Damn, I'm so not in the mood to talk to anyone.
Hey lush, have fun. Its the weekend.
Mike: "I-1033 would be a nightmare for city government. We need to stop it." ( debate ) #seamayor ^jh
Take a look at the local level and make sure national policy reaches communities in a feasible, constructive way.
Deciding to spare twitter from the incredible amount of emotion that's about to come over me.
8.10.10: BOOKED a role in the video for the book THE INTELLIGENT DIVORCE, written by Dr. Mark Banschick..."Because Your Kids Come First".
Good luck with that. I dumped them a few months ago and couldn't be happier.
I miss you to:(
Had my every-six-weeks-ish meeting with my tenure mentor/liaison/etc. As always, he reminds me that I should try not to over commit.
that sounds delicious
Please follow me.... I followed you! ;D
John Schreiber reading a #jazz poem by Hayden Carruth at announcement
Win 2 tix to kick off party! Tweet us # of participating rests. & we'll pick a random winner from all correct entries!
wow, steve blake. wow.
haha, "we fought some that we're tearing stuff up"
thats good. And your very welcome(:
Lmao! The funny thing about that I don geh new specs!!! Lol
Who will be next: Let my people go!
When parents become involved in their children's schoolwork, they do better in school. One way is by helping your child with homework....
Found the link via story about Mike Daisey, who submitted an "investigative journalism" story with made-up shit in it. Not the same.
I will totally agree with that statement.
Quote of the Day Ideas are a dime a dozen....people who implement them are priceless!
Life is too short so kiss slowly,laugh insanely love truly and forgive quickly
too cool.
I'm in super cold Chicago! Brrr.
Penn State has offered Quin Blanding, a 2014 safety from Virginia Beach. Likely 5 star recruit in 2014.
I'm At Augusta Mall... And It's Kinda Nice:)
Guild Wars 2 pre-purchase deals, Collector&#39;s and Digital Deluxe Editions
It went undrafted, which was about the best call either of us made.
is mixing today! Great things are coming from the recording studio
thats the crack cooking 101 hallway
Why doesn't anyone DM me?
Turn off the fones and take off them clothes
and you know the taste of butt how?
From History perspective, an entire generation's work would disappear from the new. But it would draw a line in the sand.
great job at worlds!
Preparation Is Key To Succesful Java Job Interviews | Inclusive ...
"I sucked a dude's dick once. I even swallowed. But I'm not gay at all." XD
There is a lot of complaining from the men on this season of the
TD Dunbar w/20 seconds left in the half- Dunbar 21 Coolidge 13
RT : Repetition is part of training. Parents must repeat themselves often to build proper character into their kids.
Thanks for the follow! Let me know how I can help you succeed!!
Be grateful and thankful, always. This is what gets me motivated—this realization!
lakers don't get in that "A" until they get pissed at the end
some nights just scream for nutella straight out of the jar. can you deal?
I didn't share any of your secrets. That was the beauty of my comment
At home. You forgot that part
safe and natural cure
Beautiful day in the city by the bay!
Pretty sure you're more likely to hit the jackpot than the O's winning the pennant
Living rite nowww** stupid spell check
What's better than a Cheesesteak for $2.00 OFF on a gloomy day in Los Angeles!!... mention you saw this Facebook post!
Wheres my manners good morning my loves <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+263A>
One of the better neck tattoos ive seen all week
Random shit on a random day in a randomm world. Would someone just watch me screw myself silly on cam, just for a minute?
what's your mind on?
sounds like an epic fucking storm here in Chi-town.
Short $SINA into earnings. $BIDU and $SOHU didn't do so hot
We go on around 7 tonight at Skrappy's. Let's do it up Tucson.
I hate admitting that I like Lana Del Rey
Fly to DFW tonight then drive to ATL then to PHL. For now off to see the liberty bell.
I want to be with no one else but Shane A. L :)
#REASONSTOBEATYOURGIRLFRIEND WHEN SHE NOW YOU TAKE CARE OF YOUR KID BUT WHEN YALL BREAK UP SHE WANT TO TAKE YOU TO COURT...TRIFLIN HOE
This day is gonna be awesome
Fuck the lines at WalMart.
I hate when mornings start like this :.((
what happened with the arrests? Was it overnight or this morning.
that has nothing to do with degrading your race. If he called you the n word, then that would be disrespectful to your race.
1-2-3 inning for Maryland in the bottom half of the 5th. Skinkis with a nice pickup at short to throw out McCann. Terps up 6-5.
we need to jump latyia :x
Thanks for the follow! You wear many hats...
Lighter Side of Green – Jokes, One Liners, Anecdotes
just caught first glimpse of printed program in Bob Rycroft's hands. It looks good!
In the world today, a young lady who does not have a college education just is not educated
A PR Pro's guide to twitter....duh! What a genius idea @ prtini!
Nurses campaign to heal the world was a sunny delight.
I agree with you on Joe.
I am so sleepy. Night night
yep and all these drunk thoughts are crossing my mind while I'm in bible class lol
Wanna ps3
Im in need of some new shoes soon like right now
Fair question. Although they probably had a similar number five years ago, no?
late night cravingss
thanks, guys. It is -- as the kids these days say -- bad curatin'.
How can nonprofits work w/Admin to overcome geographic barriers & poverty which contribute to lack of basic ed resources for rural?
Yes, I am always having to look up Central time.
I know. They become a mess when there is 30 seconds on the clock
Culvers has biscuit burgers!!!!
Thx to our new followers!
Thx for the love... keep helping people reach their financial and retirement goals.
#TONIGHT Going out: "Going out" via
I auditioned for Judy: the Musical tonight, a real Equity production.
if u can see this good come on tinychat cuz ryan in there he wants u on plz come on thx ^_^
Just finished watching the next Iron Chef congrats Chef Zacharian, sorry I was rooting for Chef Falkner though...
I know where I'm going cause I'm know where I been. #;
you need to bring in for a master workshop. Original WestCoast Pioneers serious history. Be the first.
just got ur msg from yesterday, sorry, didn't get msg to him.
Debate with colleague about the virtues of using /usr/local. He hates it I like it.
summer jams go be slappingg :) im going.
Thanks Max
Vote like your school depends on it High school #lsc elections 2day 6a-7p
Love it!
"hey tyler...you like corn chips??" "noonooo..i like corn nuts....."
ONE-LINER: It's people that give drinking a bad name.
is Probably take clippers +11.5
Favor vetoing state budget if it doesn’t restore bargaining? Dem primary voters, yes, 37%, no 48%.
Vringo and du Agree to Launch Subscription Video Service
You are indeed! I am so happy for , because as you learn, you tweet, then we learn.
Whats up with the delayed timer in redsn0w? It's moving allot slower than usual.
Took me awhile to figure out that the Alex everyone is retweeting isn't the real one.
would've looked good with Sutro filter.
McDonald's run
i want him to follow me.. HES FREAKIN BEAST
Ahh yes, eloquently eloquent art. The kind that makes you say "WTFF?". That's my favorite. :-)
i'm in ny! Staying w she says u r here! Here till 1pm tomorrow. What are u doing for the next 36 hrs?
Less than eights hours until the weekend!!!!! Woot.
Had some ihop
#Twitter issues anyone? My home feed is empty all of a sudden! Halloween trick perhaps?
RT : Who is planning on attending the next City Council Meeting? #Ilovejax >>I'll be there!
Anyone know of an all natural #gummybears or #gummyworms? I would like some, but all have artificial colors & flavors.
Crazy shot by Nick Young. 4-point play!
It's true! I bet they have oragami scholarships in Japan. I'll ask my husband.
I dont kno why i let it get this far...
Sp great to see Monique Coleman in NYC after hearing her last week
she's a traveling girl, if so I guess NYC will be my new Vaca spot!!! You got room for me lol
You're #drunk #rightnow aren't you?
Thanks . Just made a special someone's day w/ Chocolate Dipped Strawberries, Apples & Bananas. Best 40 bucks spent in a long time!
Genuine question: Why are conservatives so obsessed with knowing Obama's college grades? What do they think they'll find?
Music is as much a part of history as many other artistic masterpieces.
Yep. Call
LMBO! gotta let folks know at an early age these days lmbo
natasha looks as confused as me.
Audience member asks what legislation/policy could be passed to help the movement.
Add me on skype :) my skype name is hollymckenzie15
Had some terrific auditions lately! Burger King commercial audition today went fantastic. Hoping for some great results! come on! :)
Anything new on the arson spree?
Follow me on my official account:)
"The Avengers" lived up to the hype.
So true...but that's the problem with most of the places I go to.
I wish I had a valentine
: Kobe doesn't have any HOFers. And his coach is eating off LeBron and Popovich's equity.
haha Well said!
Life back to normal :)
Thanks for coming to the authorspeak session.
:) that's the motto of RT : "YOL9x!" -Cats
#arresteddevelopment is trending, yay! now if it were only trending as much in the real world, it might not have been cancelled.
Dont you hate ugly people who walk like they look good? Lmbo
RT - Jason Taylor of The Miami Dolphins is pretty damn hot:-)
#vicemagazine glad you're into RDIO. Reviewing 12 albums in a row spams the activity list of your followers. :-|
Sunday Best!!! Amber Bullock!
I hate waking up when it's still dark outside.
Wisconsin wins - 1st shrinks to 55 tied
What mahomies got Facebook!?
i Know the feeling, trust me
. I liked discussion on "designed loss of control", corp IT's response to consumerization -- already highered's default mode.
Thanks! Yeah, it can be tricky to get one - keep trying though, it's lots of fun :-)
So great seeing tonight!
It's funny how people get mad about being blown off, decide to hang with someone else and then end up blowing off that other person...
QoTD: "When you reach the top, keep climbing." (Zen Proverb)
SPURS WILL WIN THE FINALS IN SIX GAME. FAVORITE/RT THIS SHIT. IDGAF.
Big loss to Lulea. #Vaxjo needs to take down Modo next year. Season's over, right? At least they didn't end in the bottom two
Hi there :) Was following up w/u to see if u had recv'd all the info we sent re: Olde Towne Pet Resort for ur feature article?
thanks man. sorry this week was such a bust. I was really looking forward to connecting with you.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life
holding you to it. Perhaps I can stop in your classroom, be guest lecturer? Miss the classroom dearly.
A storm cloud weighs an average of 200,000 elephants. DAYUM.
Are you signed up for Groupon? Tuesday August 3rd check out our offer.
Just made it home about to lay it down!! I had a fucking blast!!!! Man o man, downtown gots some hott ass bars!!! Night Twitches!!!
We all okay :)
Retail therapy... I need you.
And the news gets better and better.....
always makes plays when crunch time, is just great at what he does.Won or Lose I'm still a #BaylorFan!
I know D:
RT white people think #CommonDMVphrases is about the dept of motor vehicles // ahaha lol was it not? wanna explain then please?
so because someone paid you but didn't RT or leave a comment for a shorty award they get pushed back?
Looking ok 2 day. Feeling good feeling great. Lol
Vegetarian, anti-tobacco, anti-alcohol. Sheesh. Hitler was one hell of a party pooper!
The film Black November starring Mickey Rourke & Kim Basinger is set for release this Spring! Yours truly is in it! Premier date coming!
every time i say it i have to say in a British accent!! lol
get like 50 bucks. Train tickets are like 5 just take like 45 for food or if we get into some sort of trouble. Lol
My Friday nights usually just consist of work, cleaning, cooking, gym, & movie night. Blah I need a boyfriend :( lol
She doesn't deserve you...
never say never right ! <U+E057> I'll do what ever it takes to make my cousin see you <U+E056>
So sad to say goodbye to our two amazing interns today. , I'm talking to you! And Maddy too. We'll miss you both like crazy.
I'm pretty sure I made like 5 new best friends today. Howww cool. (:
Great news about your new internship! RT : Had a great first day at
really sick of hearing about my parents problems it's making me want to leave my house for fuckin good
Sadly, no. But we did purchase 1.5 lbs of delicious cheese. I'll be shocked if it lasts 24 hours.
Dope Photography !
Thanks to , , , and everyone else who helped get the word out about PVLA workshops.
My Super Psycho Ex Girlfriend
Ditto! I think that made it confusing for me growing up. 8 years touring choir
dude you would look rad w a lambeau field neck tat!
Mane this is the life.
Ok its official, forget all the times I bitched, I want to move back to Florida, work at Disney again and live happily ever after!!!!
lol just make them do lots of pushups
Share your pictures after !!!
Let's go #Rangers! #BeatThePanthers!
:( i know the feeling
PPL spend so much time complaining about the youth, what do you do to help them?
Thanksgiving: Passover matzah finally stale enough to be Thanksgiving stuffing.
Yelling in the mall "VINCENT CASTRONOVO IS IN CHICAGO!" now thats GRAND
Shakespeare Super Condex Salmon Fly Reel - Salmon Fishing- shakespeare fly reels
who won
its cinco de mayo!!!!
call me at 6789635089
Congrats to Garlic Knot for opening their 92nd and Wadsworth location. Our Louie the Link will be out there all weekend.
and KILL US ALL?
no fan of Keynes, here's what he'd say re groupon: Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent
Amen to that, the people put him there! Wonder if any protesters voted for Walker in the election, talk about irony.
that sounds awful and i told you i got stuff to do in the morning!
Wow, magicians sure take the whole dress code thing seriously
Thanks for all of the +K's :)
#CLIPPERS moving on... #Gizzlies are dust in the rear view mirror.
The sun!!
I don't know who's cuter...you or !
Have you abandoned flickr? If so, where are you posting now?
Words With Friends on Facebook kickass!
Yup. Last straw. Time to find a new job. Any leads would be much appreciated, Twitterfolk!
haha may need a few extra paychecks to help with that one. Ride soon?
where you at
freedom is the right of all people but slowly the guys in power want to control all that i guess thats whats happening with
- on the phone with giving ha dat good advice lol
RT Suggestions to distract u from cravings- look up diet websites,polish ur nails,write e-mails,take a walk,do deep breathing
whoever that was lost out big time ,Sucks for that guy if I was him I would be depressed
Why thank you! =D
The Grannies are hoping that everyone has been enjoying the Fall weather, we sure are!
this kansas weather gave me a cold.
Facebook would be way cooler if it was on t.v. : "In other news Brian's ex-girlfriend is still a cold, heartless bitch. Details at 11
Lmao xD ": I love how my cousins call me ugly, I'm all thanks, as if i didn't already know that . -_-"
Thanks for the love!
Receiving very nice messages from North Dakota Sioux friends. Rivalries are good... friendships are better
lol knock it off. You know we aren't going to Steves. Get some sleep so you can wake up when you need to, haha
probably because they don't think they're going to live for more than 5 more years from all the drugs they take
The point is that this isolated tragedy has been blown up into a national "attack on blacks." Read the press articles!
You're a cute lil' ticker. That's probably why they were staring - hehe.
text me
Major pet peeve: the post-shower poo.
Happy birthday to our wonderful Communications Director !
PROVO=BEAST MODE!
First genuine shock, Carolina Take Kuechly over Fletcher Cox.
#What2ChainzWouldSay 2chainz I got 10 dreads, I getter done, red neck. Im in the kitchen like I'm cookin stew my bitch yellow like PIKACHU!!
A takeaway for me is the strong movement in condos. That's how buyers get started on the equity cycle that feeds the market.
also, the Duke of college basketball this year and the Duke of college football every year (except this past one), right?
KILLA!!! Now we just need to start rapping!!
I hope so too are u gonna be in searcy
I think I made 6 bucks buying and reselling it real quick!
Wednesday gossip roundup: Is model Baptiste Giabiconi Katy Perry's boyfriend? - Metro.us
You were the one in the Prius
I don't know why I ever hesitated in the past. You came a long way and produce a solid end product. Worth every penny.
Wanted to hit Woodman's and do some grocery shopping, but it looks like rain :-/
are you going to see Cody and BTR?
i watched that yesterday and bawled.
I'm excited the Ohio date is going to work for you to come to!! We would love to see you & your friends at both dates!! :)
It reminded me of one paper a friend of my read about the "Dairy of Anne Frank"
DAMMIT!! Just read the rules. My daughter isn't 13. :o(
It's an kind of day! Ah!
Gonna re-up on this thing. Got a movie to promote. Premieres in 8 days @ opening night SXSW. You should go see it! (J/K its totes sold out!)
Oh fun. Let me know what kind of success you have. I want to map my intellectuals...maybe, someday.
RT I might have taken that offensively, but you spelled you're wrong #gobackto1stgrade... Hahahah who am I kidding
up next...doggyccino
#OneThingIveNeverDone is to see the northern lights/ aurora borealis in person.... it's definitely on my bucket list.
I got to go ttyl
how? And I don't do shows any more it's all about club and raver life for me
Want to enroll is ? Do it now! Enroll btwn Tuesday April 17th and Friday April 20th and receive the iPad3 and a $500 grant.
HA! At least come football season we'll be rooting for the same team!
My new young chick look exactly like Rihanna! Ass like Nicki but she yellow like Madonna!
thanks gerry I do have a pretty good team here @ home and here on twitter<3<3<3<3
Thought at Work meeting happening now in conference room. Be there, or be square.
The bed is still spinning <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
is there a problem
i'm crying and i'm not even sad. i hate allergies!
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game. - Michael Jordan
PayPal. A license to steal your money!
the hip is what scares me
What have I become?
Everything was going smooth until we hit this buzz saw of traffic on the 710 fwy. Only 2 lanes open... Sucks
USGS: Strong 6.7-magnitude earthquake shakes central Chile
rescue me is SO intense and every other scene is sex
Not alright . Your mean
Parents went to mothers day dinner...without the kids. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Yeah, the articles have gone down big time since the end of Ken Macha. Now I know why
bout to hurry up and put music on this man ipod then start packing my bags
Drop Rush!
We are playing #beastieboys in the office in memory of Adam Yauch, may he RIP.
I did. It looked so bad. Haha the look on her face was great.
Anyone taking forensics, public speaking, and humanities next year? Haha i feel like i just changed my entire schedule
lol..don't judge my life!. I had a headache out this world.. And that medicine knocked me out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty. (John D. Rockefeller Jr.)
Yowza! Well done!
A bunch of my Tally friends are going skydiving today (organized by ) and I'm kind of disappointed I couldn't join
i never know with you!
if you'd stop going to so many dang concerts you could afford it
"It's the perfect day for yoyoing" = happy son.
Hop, skip and jump from there. If I wasn't at the station, I'd say let's grab breakfast.
OH FA SHO
My life right and my money tight, just need someone who I can share this happiness with...
Dear All time low please get you asses to more Southern Florida. not just just fucking Jacksonville and Orlando.
I just want to be loved by you <3
“: Our pleasure... You sounded great last night.”THANK U for such kind words!! :-)
If the cards sign him hell be good for a few games ... Cards o line is awful ... Would be a dumb choice
Eric Church "Chief" Country, but great lyrics and a lot of rock tones. Give it 2 listens over the Atlantic and you will like
thrilled actually. Jersey girls arent classy like u.
Girls outside hugging and holding onto their boyfriends, like relax its a small fire you weren't even close to being dead.
omg I'm nice to you Jenn! & Manny, of course I'm nice to you :))
Why are the people I work with so fucking weird?
"street smart is just something dumb people say when then wanna use the word smart."
Hey! Coming to Movember tonight? Get there before midnight! Free pizza at 9, & we're shutting down at 12! The party is underway now! :D
da fuck you look like a nerd?
Hm, eastbound and down or #oscars - tough call...NOT #kennypowers rules
Oh my! I'm so happy I clicked that link. My freshman year roommate got me into Asobi Seksu way back when. yayayaya
sounds like a date to me :)
Hey Tweet peeps/FB friends, I need more followers
I've also done it sooner, then you can do the same!
We are a full service mailing services firm in Albuquerque. Call us today and learn how we can help you! 505-899-3104
I'm dying to play. But I'm a Mac user...so I wait. it's amazing?
I must finish up some stuff today, hundreds of things started.... focus, focus, ...
There's a toddler with a harmonica today in the office. And we had chocolate chip pancakes. Why is today amazing???
...and yet more people I speak to want a quiet space, which there is precious little of in modern society. Where is the greatest balance?
know what? :p
Good stuff!
Thanks for sharing our news! We are super pumped to be able to provide internet access in 195 countries now.
I really, really hate cancer.
Just leaving a 5 hour long meeting for our final Senior Project....
Learn to market and brand yourself. Don't get mad at other folks and their success. Never pays off. You don't know who is watching.
GREAT play by Conrad at third
see I knew u wanted to skype u instanly gav yo screen name...
Saw Jack Goes Boating at ART tonight and totally loved it. Beautifully cast, lovingly produced. BTW it closes this weekend, so GET THERE.
About to go for a run on the beach. I hope the tides are low. Then back to work. Good things are coming for my #actor and #actress friends.
quit posting long tweets im too LAZY
#one thing that made me smile was hanging out with my friends and making some awesome posters for school :)
I've been doing so much damn test prep this year. It's like some mad experiment. When will the trials end? When can we go back 2 teaching?
thank you for follow me.. i follow back.. asap
Right, what I meant was it's a non-issue going forward from the end of the suspension.
....Just RT this, please?
Its in the program too pg 1 RT : "everything you need to know about edUi" email. RT : #eduiconf?
Haven't felt well today. But no matter what, I will continue to share w/ you what I can, when I can. Help others & share info when U can.
is the sexiest bass player ever!!!!!!!!
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =)58
Nice! If you get the chance and have some daylight left, try to jump over to Caldera Links. 9 Hole Par 3 track. Well designed.
Clearly I should never be left alone with scissors
And incredibly nostalgic. ": Back in the beautiful northwest...my home. Rain is calming"
What excuse do you use most often?
school :S
Now this is the Sir Paul I want to hear.
Earth Quacking
diddy is such a bitch
How do you spell hero? G-U-T-O.
sigh - i know. i like it when he's under the radar, head down and just playin'. let the other guys take the spotlight.
Nice thighs, nice waist, and you know I can't forget about your face ;)
COME ROCK W/ ME!!!! WWW.RADIO-MEMPHIS.COM---- PLAYING LOCAL UNSIGNED/INDIE MUSIC ALL THE TIME!!!
Woke up middle of the night, & thought of a great tweet. Figured it was so good, I'd remember it. Woke up this morning...nothing.
hey. Olive you. Buy.
omg I literally just saw this too and now I'm crying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> wtf is wrong with this world.
#French alphabet. :)
I love you bob uecker, please don't have a heart attack
boy bye you late.
Sick<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>.. wishing was here :(
My new book for Black Writers On Tour April 16th. " How To Write A Book Made Simple"
Will you be heading out to #drinkingaboutmuseums tomorrow ?!?
Hey #swprinceton, we're ready to help from the West Coast, tweet us, post on our forums or email
Puppies are a lot of work..
Really bitch please!! Yep
Yay! Welcome to
When Howard hits free agency he'll sign in Boston..KG and Ray come off the books..
take her to the car, bloop bloop
and in the end.... the pain you get is equal to the pain you make.......
what a cruel cruel joke pandora. play a commerical for vitamin water?
like the salmon of capistrano, the crust/gutter punks are starting to make their yearly stop at North/Damen
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
#ItsTimeForYouToRealize that I DON'T LIKE YOU SO FRICKEN LEAVE ME ALONE
Who's looking for a free ride in a #Zipcar #BMW?
NE Columbia Blvd will be closed for a while due to an accident involving a semi and two SUV's.
I'm excited for tomorrows Heat game though....on their way to a fucking sweep!
Wow so ur mad b/c I made a joke about kids? Um, #pathetic...unless #mindlessbehavior are your brothers or children
I look like a chipmunk...
This Is what you get for fuckin around with yakuzas, Go home to your mother.
Love may fade with the season, but some friendships are year around.
One of my favorites of 2008. The climactic scene between Sally Hawkins and Eddie Marsan is arresting
where is the new place going to be? Rush??
Bollox with a dash of bollix. All of the wisdom I hope to get from today. Hope there's a free spirit around with a sprinkling of experience.
Please don't suck up to Sean Amore... That guy is already insufferable!
RT : Uncomfortable interview Q: "were you ever fired?" Develop 1-2 sentence answer that is both truthful & positive .
Great to see hear from you and thanks for checking out Bokeh. Will you be at SIGGRAPH this year?
RT : Chat w LJ’s Brian Kenney @ 1:00 Networking Lounge: Patron Profiles can support #pub lib decisions re: collections,...
Do you have any good Southern Shavuot recipes?
The Real TJones 'bout to teach ya about Kentucky! getting it done.
"I'm looking at all these words and one I don't see is popular" #erl12 Do librarians have a unique type of #leadership?
thrilled to have your follow! You all rock , & have paved way for dev of new funding streams 4 NPOs across the world
RT : The only people that flee startups after acquisition are just the most valuable users in the system. No biggie.
"let's at least have the conversation." thank you Jon.
Am I going to see you at Balticon this month?
I LOVE Ian! This Kid "I Sounded Just Like Him Didn't I?" MOS WANTED
I haven't even looked hahaha
Good I want to see that joint
I teach high school seniors planning on going to college. This scares them and their families.
Farmpark features rail fun all weekend - Plain Dealer (blog)
Text me!
Working until 730 on a Friday
good luck!!
yaaay! You're so sweet!
: I've seen enough! Get LeBron in the gym and teach him some f*cking moves with the ball! (Some footwork might help too)
since when do paramedics "clean up" someone and not bandage wounds or abrasions?
Catching up on the season finales from last night, so far, some of the best episodes this year and maybe beyond
Happy birthday !! Hope its a good one man!
Who are these folks on Morning Joe, MSNBC? Trying to down our President.
Totally disgusting!
What she talkin about
Great collection of iPad apps for math!
That's MAJOR!
Christina Aguilera is starting to look rideable in a completely nonsexual livestock kind of way.
oh i know him and gabe
Let me get a #retweet if you #LOVE #Jesus.,
RT : There's a librarian convention going on here. How freaking random.
Book Club's next read: American Shaolin, by Matthew Polly.
": Watching this segment I look at Bama in a different light.. I'm proud of you boys - Class u won't find on a Saban team!
RT : TONIGHT All Stars viewing party! Come join the fun! Doors at 6 show at 7PM!
When's the last time anyone was talking about TIME magazine?
SALT! I think you're supposed to gargle salt...
hell yeah bro
Well if you find out please let me know ok? Thank you. <3
"THAT'S ITALIAN FOR POPCORN!"
Where's taco bell when you need it!
I am about to fall asleep on my keyboard. Thank God I already have the coffee pot set to go at 7.
Appreciate the follows everyone
Alcoholism fight misses some binge drinkers
Is there a teen/young woman magazine for girls of color? I can't find one anywhere!
Thanks for the RT Jamie! Will you be at Expo this year?
you are awesome! Did it go away yet?
"Inspiration and genius--one and the same." -Victor Hugo
Oh, I was gonna pay with quarters, but if you prefer, I have a few dollar bills.
Irony: people who drive a Ford Focus that have no focus.
Need a night with the girls after the Halloween madness? Join us for Girls Night Out Thursday at Sanctuary 4 sweets and shopping!...
Excited to work w/ Mark Hoover of Ignite Your Business! Wonderful speaker & past Pres. of Direct Marketing Assn.
/ SHWEET! Win-win for everyone methinks... thanks, too for getting your BUZ on. Really helping us work some of the kinks out...
But what, Peter?
atta boy way to get the record.
you making me feel bad lol
Thanks so much Simon!We have some big things in the works so look out soon.
Just accessioned a huge collection: 551 items. They're all Word docs and PDFs so it's < 250 MB, but 551 items sounds way better.
HOw much do you really ???????
Don't feed the trolls, don't feed the trolls, don't feed the trolls....
can we to send you money for your various health problems?
Grilled cheese sounds awesome right now!
lol the bell rings at 11:11 in my school so I have a couple times:p
my old roomate uses blackplanet? really.
I love you<3
well she picked the right home with grill..no way could I kill those little fellas
#OnMyWishList That I finish our new website by our new launch date of March 1st, 2012!
Hangin out with the family today, lets try not to get arrested again!
I'll complain all I want because I don't give a fuck what anyone else thinks in band or no in band.!
and is honored to have you!
that's what yu get for loving somebody like me .
Ditto. About the sick part.
Saying "You had to be there" when you realize your story isnt funny.
Totally went to work today. My department was closed. Back to bed.
So true. RT Reading is the nourishment that lets you do interesting work. JENNIFER EGAN
Steve I give you 2 thumbs up for using "cockles" in a legitimate sentence :)
Hang out Thursday music, beautiful people, outdoors, fun. 2:30-6:30pm. c u there! hayesvalleyfarm.com
Good Morning.... "Happy Weekend"
is glad you came back in time for book club :)
Your pup is in our thoughts! We retweeted.
'I met Darryl Hall at Mick Jagger's birthday when I went with Duran Duran.' - Justin Bond
Is singing tonight 8-Midnight w/ Kevin Fort, Doug Hayes and Chris Madsen
Finally some rain out here on the west coast! Use coupon code "storm" and save $10 on a waterproof shuffle to take jogging in the rain.
the usual...sittin in my room listening to some sex pistols!
Happens all the time. Hm.
How about we get back to job creation and the economy- maybe defense of OUR nation? #move on
RT : ESPN - Matt Meyers: "it appears Atlanta is poised to regain its chokehold on the division"
what building are you in?
I only follow Phaedra and Kandi - they seem like the realest ppl on
Few things are better than a Wednesday night with drinking wine and watching
Man City loves Neil Diamond as well. Sweet Caroline. Sweet win.
GO NY Knickerbockers!
oh so you're a cow now.? Lol anyways whats up?
You too!
When all else fails, fuck it, just show Ward vs Gatti. That'll keep em watching!!
did I meet with her yesterday? If so they were a really nice couple with a lot of questions :)
": Is this the #CMA's or the #Grammys. I thought they had their own music awards show. SMDH" It's def not BET awards!
BROWARD COUNTY SWAG VIDEO COMInG SOON
Cant wait till my boyfriend gets out of school.
Great news - Congrats!
If you're afraid to let someone see your weaknesses, take this to heart: nobody is perfect.
Would still kill for the 6 wives of Henry VI or Elizabeth I. Love me some Tudors.
post it! I want to check it out.
C'mon guys Go follow !! I want a goodnight text :)
I did have on sunscreen :( lots of it
We look forward to seeing you!
I don't know exactly. Btw, I really miss virgine rocks as well as you. I also hope you're having a great time :) xoxo honey<U+2665>
peAce bruh! Dont ask me for nothing, ever again.
Worship or prayer has to be a full-time awareness of eternal Reality.
Glad to see you're moving forward.
I love Faye!!!
haha you can try (x but that's not till next wednesdayy :D
Thanks! Now I'm curious about which quote you used... :)
WTF? Is she the Godfather or something?
Cabrera in Tigers' lineup despite alcohol incident
Love Google's celebration of Muybridge's birthday today!
Okay, only 4 cats fans in the bar.... Cats still
did u received my message
i think it's funny that houstonians speed up for pedestrians. that'll teach 'em.
Welcome to the Canyon Trak, even that we are a single Sail from our "mother boat" which is Endeavour Networks
Blah blah blah
It smells like burnt lean cuisine in the library.
i do!
That's nice of you :)
it's true, But we didn't have this stellar team either
Wishing you and yours peace within and love above all. To those celebrating today - Merry Christmas.
ewwww I know
Tiger misses the fairway farther than any other premier player on tour.
We enjoyed hearing Chief Innovation Officer Naomi Fried speak on "Innovating Innovation" at the recent #iHT2 Summit in ATL!
“: <3 RT : love you dudes!” love the band love being spread,
nothing about to get some shoes
RT HELP! Apple or android apps?
Next time you have to sit in the waiting room and fill out forms, ask your doctor why they don't have RegisterPatient.
Every time I listen to 'Little Amy' from the series 5 #DoctorWho soundtrack, I get a little misty-eyed.
Anxiously awaiting word on an offer on one of my wholesale deals...
I'm running out of things to tweet.
Disclaimer: the fantasy / reality breakdown of my feed is about 50/50.
For 68, Gladys can 'shake it baby'
Monthly Mega Networking Event is TONIGHT @ Johnny's Irish Pub! 4:30-7:30. #ROC #networking Come grow your local professional network!
don't be making faces at me :-P haha
Why hit me w/ a " Man don't talk to me like a client. Your verbiage is too professional off the clock. Thanks" text. LMAO.
YEA.. see that's a great answer. my favorite answer would "wow!"
What's sad is I just went to the store for a gallon of milk because the half gallon I had won't last me through the night. I love moo juice
That's right! RT": It may take a #Capricorn awhile to decide what want, but once we do,nothing will stand in our way."
Did Godspell not get one nomination?
Braun has career night, but #Brewers and fans must enjoy an easy win for once this season.
I want a texting buddy:)
My dads driving me to the airport, left at 2am for 5am flight.....Best dad EVES!!
Weekend schedule! Friday at Suite21 and Saturday at E-Bar!
Thank you so much for the RT! Can't wait to see you at #CHIchat tomorrow! :)
YOLO night, Kings island & boating this weekend ? Count me in!
The same for me. It took about a little over a year from the day I received an invitation until the day i did my 1st tweet.
USC has a marriage counseling program through rossier
RT : checkout that's my new charity and we taken over.
Almost getting back to normal. Leaving my house this evening and thank goodness I won't be looking like how I have felt the past few days!
It was a very long day & there was no coffee machine! Ha so it wouldn't have been the best place to meet anyway :-)
seeing mr. smith downtown <<< with his children !
guess ill have to do for now lol, i like cupcakes RT : shemar Moore doesn't have a Twitter anymore :c
Lovely outside now. Happy hour outside anyone? Just let me know where.
God is good.Everything He made is good!Dont put yourself down for who you are.God created you. All He made was good.Therefore, you are good.
Clinton did RT : RT : It's a women's event, what is he supposed to say "suck my dick bitch!"
I'm about to DIE cuz they NEED to play #SAYSOMETHIN already I can't wait any longer!!!
Can you post different Tweets for your different Twitter Lists?
you LOVE it.
If this game ends on a missed travel call and Rondo takings shots, I'll be pissed. Unbelievable fourth quarter.
Sometimes you get to the end of the day and all you've done is watered some plants and washed some dishes.
I just walked to the store and back in shorts and its January.
thai food is my favorite
I still get spam responses to an ad I put on Craigslist 3 years ago.
TONS of Amateurs Tonight! If you're not here you're missin' out...come be the judge!
damn you hate el-p
Ikr?! She so does
Random fact. Crispin makes me tired.
Thanks for the RT!
Today's program is "the marriage of mission and money: social sector businesses in the non profit sector"
Finishing up Mastering for the new Lemon Clocks CD today. Yesterday it was CD duplication/printing & recording voiceover narration.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Wishing you an abundance of smiles and sunshine today
Riding bikes down the hills of washington
it's the right call tho niggas is outta of position
Selah had speech reevaluation today. Was told she'll probably no longer need speech therapy! Her receptive skill's age 5! Expressive age 4!
So um Matt Kemp? Who's that again?
I was watching Dowton and reading tweets about the grammys :)
oh well. Would you mind retweeting?
Now it wanna work since i spoke on it Im a goon. I know I Know lol
#YourNotAPotHead if you know that it's YOU'RE instead of YOUR. smdh...
MT Nice to see you using the #strugglebus hashtag created in
I love my rehabbed train depot office but want to throw rocks at trains that lean on the horn for two miles on their way past my building
We're looking forward to the Dean's Scholarship Reception tonight, honoring the donors and recipients of named scholarships at the College.
yea no problem.. and aww...well now im wishin that you followed me earlier when you werent bout ta pass out ;p
3 players, and we never did finish a game :-P
lost ones is the realist song I've ever heard. #realshit I could never get tired of this song.
Wow again. Someone who "gets" that it's "as much as I." Very impressed...you have a great day, too!
oh. Dang. And my mom wasnt even mad.
Foster positive interactions, don't sew discontent... Optimism in short.
Love it! RT Enjoying a Wet in my
Why the fuck do people have to be loud to get attention
Every plot has been written one way or another through the ages - add your own spin to the story
could you tell JR to pick it up a little!
Checking you out on here, Unc!:)
you don't know the half of it.
Haha jacking my internet, so my computer notifies me and I turn my router off lol ;)
As evidence that it's been too long since I've written professionally, thesaurus.com is among my most-visited websites. Oh, the humiliation.
If someone wants you in their life, they’ll MAKE room for you. You should NEVER have to fight for a spot.
That's what we long-suffering 49er fans said in 1982, too.
Randy Cross needs to stfu.
you did that Max!
RT I want you to laugh, to kill all your worries, to love you, to heal you---Rumi
Off to prep for the show tonight! Time for a dry run.
New video coming later today!
The Insurance Buying Process For First Time Homeowners (E-Zine)
Bob Seger at the Toyota Center. Great Show!
oh I am so excited I figured out how to get twotter on to my iPhone it even has a nifty icon
Facebook Takes a Stand Against Employers Who Request Passwords
The post wasn't meant to be partisan, only to give props to the prez for doing something I thought only BriWi could do :)
Wow. I'm seeing math mistakes in normal magazines. Clearly I've been editing for too long. 1/2 + 2/3 is NOT equal to 1!
Ahh, that made me insides feel all bubbly, ehh! *in random Irish-ish accent*
Nightfeva will take over the old Jerry Lewis Room on Saturdays! It will now be called the "Loft" at Avalon. 4-28-12 soft opening.
It's time to practice your Kardashian-esque poses....as will be snapping your pic in front of the step & repeat!
I HATE MA PASTT N REGRETT IT WITT A PASSION BUT I HOPE MA FUTURE BE WAYY BETTA
I don't c it
If you have any tips/tools for how to stave off an attack, I'm always all ears. My body reacts before my mind can.
Getting ready for an rare Saturday shift. Taking along and hitting the outlet mall afterwards.
Talkers. Heavy breathers. Sneezes like natural disasters.
thank you!!! Feel free to follow so we can share more
WHATS GOOD FAM WHEN YOU COMIN OUT TO ARIZONA
Using school email account on school time...perhaps, yes. As is probably the case in many other non-education jobs.
There is church going on at the place I am doin community service at. I'm tempted to go in and testify!
RT if you have a phone
Great are you kidding me?!?! RT : WR Leonard Hankerson headed to IR
no doubt.
i swear to god im moving out. fuck everyone in this house.
Epic! When can we expect some sneak peeks?
Grateful for a very deep meeting for worship at Capitol Hill Friends tonight.
The passive aggressive guy doesn't like my aggressiveness, this should be interesting.
well - there you go. Star Trek it is!
awe. that is so sweet
what channel??
Just landed in #LosAngeles. I love the sight of palm trees.
We proudly present to you... KILLOLA - She's a Bitch (Official Video) youtu.be/U8hMHeAqmNI?hd…
#WhitePeopleGoogleSearch Taylor Swift #BlackPeopleGoogleSearch Taylor Gang
Almost half way there to collecting the tears of 1000 angels. LOL can't wait.
Q3) not sure orgs should bother prioritizing SoMe. Go where your customers are. We are on Twitter.
Mad men is a little flat tonight non?
To everyone partying tonight... #BeSafe #Don'tDriveDrunk
I saw it on your twitter earlier
Ranch is in the house and was put on the bar half an hour ago!!
A European vacation....how wonderful! Enjoy the sites. What are your transportation plans to and from the airport?
This fucking black cloud still follows me around, time to exorcise these demons, motherfuckers are doin jumpin jacks now
neck kisses
RIP Adam Yauch aka MCA. Beastie Boys were one of my biggest influences
I dont know:(
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same. Elbert Hubbard
you inspired me :-)
It's great to have football back!
- he's not married. He's from the middle east. They do the opposite hand.
your shape is great really ready ur fine *Thumbs Up High*
Thanks for the mention! We hope a lot of people check us out!
We know your bored at home cum down to Deja Vu Showgirl and make your Monday night better!
"The problem with some people is that when they aren't drunk they're sober." -William Butler Yeats
#EllenRTme day 165 The time to Tweet is now..
should really see this tweet it would definitly make my life:)
1back 2te 9999 . No one wants to cover verticals on FIRST play jacked up to hit... Guarantee 1 of te or wr beats his man
21 and up clubs feel great
how you doin'?
The Disney/Marvel partnership needs to capitalize on Throg (Thor Frog) and Kermit being under the same banner.
thank god 4 life
Detectigo is proud to be the official sponsor of South Dade United (Official Group) youth soccer club! Go Thunder!
who are you talking about? I'm lost
no!!! you go to houses and present like vacuum cleaners
Please put the doctor on the phone 'cause I'm not making any sense
Ignoring a craving only makes things difficult! Satisfy your desire for steak w/ our Char Broiled N.Y. Strip Steak w/ blue cheese crust &...
#Weather Forecast for Tuesday
follow back
Literally laugh-out-loud card that found...too great. Might even outdo any present that comes with them
Dreamed was making me pancakes last night...won't be able to look at pancakes the same. Very delicious though. Fancy syrup. : )
yeah thank you, I was scared shitless...But yea were okay
my grandma died tonight. If you would tweet me, it would lighten up my day a little bit.
We have the strength to stay alive we have the courage to stand up we have the power to be ourselves we can do anything we can try harder
What's your fave UX book? Ok. Go!
great meeting you + hope to see you around the neighborhood again soon!
Of course you took a pic of yourself in the new ride... Drive fast and take chances!
Why isn't there a PHotovine app in the Android Market? I mean, isn't this a Google product???
its funny, everyone gets why you wrote the peanut article. People without talent have to find other ways to get publicity
Missing like crazy
Thanks for the rec Maven :-)
I was on the side and far back. But it was SO WORTH IT. I would give a kidney to re-live it.
Very cool #designs ! Thanks for sharing.
you can reserve your spot with a $300 deposit
justin i have been trying to get you to follow me for a year now please follow me it would make my day!
BBC’s coverage of British Open under threat
That is called jealousy!
so exciting -- congrats!
Good morning y'all!!
Thanks! Here's to simulcast. Helpful.
Watch Roy Hibbert go to work!
Try harder! “: Tracking the #grammys on Twitter is too hard. NorCal starting at 7 PT adds a serious wrench in the system.”
#Reds looking good! #Cincinnatitude in Chi-town!
RT Oye ladies, I just hope you realize that I was the first to be in movies shirtless. Not Jacob.
Rob Jamieson, outgoing #LPCO secretary did a great job introducing the Management Board at
even if he can, the jobs are highly inadequate in terms of providing people with a viable, supportive household income.
Storm and losing followers are things i hate most in the morning. Sleeping and having fun the things i love.
Just got permission to play the WORLD PREMIERE of the new Doom Dogs' song "Annie Christ" on today's show! Don't miss it!!!!
Good Morning, Have a Great Monday. All in the name of Rizz, whose Always on your mind :-)
(in spirit) Drafthouse Breaking Bad tonight?
Quote of the day: The competitive team element stimulates the desire to try out new ideas - Molex participant on
Please let me know if you find one! Rebel is the only lipstick I've bought more than twice! lol
sort of. both are lucky numbers. one is slightly less lucky than the other:-) now I am moving out of 68x range...
Thank you to everyone who helped make our time at Apple Hill such a wonderful experience!
#3WordsForYou take a bath.
Avalanche in OT! Going to be a good night!
this Dr doesn't know what the fuck she is doing.
I feel like I'm being baked into my chair inside Panera. Must hydrate. MOAR GREEN TEA PLEASE.
The ESPN Radio app on iOS will require $5 pymt to continue to hear live streams after 8/1. Really?? Guess I will delete that app.
Samsung. Ubuntu. May throw KDE on it eventually, but hanging w/ gnome for the time being.
So excited for this weekend!!
Dew drop
Nite twitter bout to get some sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+270C>
reasonably certain sleeping would have been a good idea.
Make a commitment to everyday learning. Learn at least one new thing a day. What are you going to learn today?
Rainy day brunch and NY Times #perfect #bottomless bloody Mary's Nd mimosas to boot
Single ladies - I hike the Appalachian trail on the weekends. I see LOTS of hot, fit men by themselves.
It's the weather! We recommened Rusk Deep Shine Oil! What is going on with my hair?! It is so much frizzier than usual!
Listen 2 The Signal tonight @ 7 & tomorrow @ 1 on WYPR 4 the powerful story by filmmaker Richard Chisolm from last week's show @ JHMI.
Stop for a lunch before heading out to hot springs
it does. And I met Brandon Mull at one if them last year.
I've had the cover of "Darling Nikki" in my head for 2 days straight now. "Oh!!! Niiikkkkkkkiiiii!"
Going to the beach(:
Can't wait for tomorrow! USTREAM PARTY! :>)
At having a blast. Bronxgoblin bar fest. Boozing at a discount. Come on over!
Well, *I* do that. Kindlegraph is my project and is not affiliated with Amazon. :)
S/O to for your love!
I'm doing okay. How are you? I miss talking with you so much! :'(
Expresion of your soul requires many ...... It's time ......!
okay!!!<3 and can we for sure hang out? Not like those fake plans people make? Lol
Good morning Colorado tweeps! A new day, a new opportunity to play!
I'm like 2 hours early for work haha. But playing makes it better :)
Happy Friday! #FF Have a great weekend!
oh cool, where are you off to?
I still have it. (:
Genial :s
hahaha, tell him we're best friends with them haha
hahah yes! I do too but I dont even know what I would call them if i were to look them up wuteva
choose billy it wont be a mistake
Hum? Why #firefly? The TV show? Although I could totally see Florence in a space-western shootout.
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1903 #NiagaraFalls ran out of water due to a drought.
I've never felt worse about myself.
thank you,I hope you have a great day today <U+2764>
Wish me luck, 2 baseball and 1 softball game today with the kids...plus I coach one of the teams. Oye going to be a long hot day! (But fun)
Hahahahaha! Thanks for the tip nugget! Miss u boo boo next time ur coming with me! Xo
Ayo check out the #Avengers !!
kso maybe you wouldn't. But that's what makes us different.
#strangesex a guy once asked me to urinate in his ass...of course said_______
DOES ANYBODY EVEN CARE ABOUT ME?!?
Please do more Hollywood movies, Mallika. We need more desi actors to make way (in Hollywood) for newcomers like me. :-) Luv you!
yes, but only a little! There is enough testing out there already.
6th and trinity.
HIGH SCHOOL made everyone either cool, uncool, bisexual, real, fake, pregnant, dropouts, alcoholics, pot heads or somewhere in jail.
thanks just tweet her saying I sent yu
Learners thrive on autonomy. <-- nail on the head.
I only check my Voice Mail to get that annoying icon off the screen , Who's with Me? .
I know girl that is why you love me!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways be there for his girl, no matter what the situation is.
Trafford's Christmas lights bill is £54000 - Manchester Evening News Trafford 's Christmas lights bill is £54000 Manchester Evening New
you the smartest girl ik! You aint a green marker eater
Happily. How ya been?
You've got some epic designs!! : Making T-Shirt designs is way too much fun.
can i post the pic on my Facebook and tag your page in it (;
Just Saw :D They Were Amazing<3 Now I'll See Falling In Revers Yay:DD
#AskRomney might be the greatest thing on Twitter, ever.
If my nails dont start growing alot faster ima throw some acrylic on them dammit.
Ahh! I can't wait for Halloween! Any costume ideas yet?
I think needs to travel with the team more often
The reading rainbow theme song is stuck in my head -_- this will be a long day.
dude you already know is my main bitch
#IfITellYou I won't be able to even look at you if you come over to hang out with Bailey...
I wanna go home
Well you know.. :p
Was going to say, true of ASECS in general, academia in general--though perhaps DH is even worse?
Correction to last tweet: The non-breaking space tag is my nemesis today, not a blank. You win this round, HTML code.
I have a big forehead. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Reading breaking dawn <3 cant wait till the movie comes out!!
wat u think of yesterday's GH????
We are now hiring commited and experienced booking agents and a new head of street team!
way off
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can
I missed u! What u been doing?
what do you think of that book Jim? I've read part of it a long time ago but never finished it. Interesting stuff.
Thank you! I am glad you found it interesting. And thanks for the retweet :)
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical - 550. 550 calories burned.
Dude I hate that to. A classic is a classic for a reason ha
Is that a POTATO or a Radish?! #AlexAndAustinMemories <3 -Sarah
Warm up on the way to work with a Sesame bagel and a Jade Oolong.
What's everyone's favorite song? Mine is "Close Your Eyes and Wander"
Write your NY legislators here & tell them 2 house & educate the homeless LGBTQ population in Central Park & Penn Station...
": I hate when people make up rumors about Justin on here, and some of you believe them.". This is so very true! :/
Hollis Thompson will enter the NBA Draft and plans to sign with an agent. In other words, there's no coming back
:o I was just eating ice cream!!! Hahaha
oh God... If I had money
I don't see Miami fans sayin shit!!
HAHA H AA A AH!! At my email?
I was just hate fucked for 20 min. Fucking awesome!
Now that was a green room !! Well worth the wait!
I just lost my karaoke virginity to Luther Vandross.
Life is too short to waste one single second with someone who doesn't appreciate and value you...
"Grassley: Were the Secret Service prostitutes Russian spies?" #yahoonews Si, Comrade!
Sudden inspiration for the wedding speech I'm giving in a week. You can keep your moves like Jagger, I got words like Shakespeare.
Yes & Amen! RT Stress over that which you can control, dont over what you cant, & ask God for help w both. :) #missusa prep
Bigger the breakfast? Less hunger during the day!
Guys these days.
then that's weird it has your number... Lol
Of course you do!
Hey , your live stream isn't accepting any more connections and chicken shack begins in just 10 minutes.
To celebrate 5,000 likes on Fbook we're giving away 5 pairs of tix for this weekends' concerts. Check the CSO Fbook wall for a chance to win
Wish I could fuck her everyday touch her in everyway but she stays so many miles away she my distant lover !
Mona from film discusses difficulty finding employment after prison & adjusting to 25 years of new technology.
Nigel Longworth () says it's not too early for #mobile at #4profit institutions-students demand it more than anything else!
": It's not called "being whipped", it's called respecting your girlfriend. #TeamFollowBack" "growing up and being a man".
I hate groupies!
My love is your drug
Don't say you love me unless you mean it because I might do something crazy like believe it
just here :)
Looking for music I've never heard. Time to step away from 4/4 time, tonality, & equal temperment for a little while too. Any suggestions?
WOW. Good match and Monaco had him against the ropes.
As Keith Moon fades to black, know that plays remain archived and can be read from the beginning to end. Drunk or sober. reorb.it/keithmoon
I lost my Internet connection last night right as I was trying to post my blog for NMDL... I had to rewrite it all... Terrible.
Winter Fest opens today! Check it out during its run through the 31st.
yes im an artist :) yeah i looked at your blog; was attracted to the fact that youre from the BAY too! :) still there+arting?
thank u =)
Just sent you an e-mail.
next week, I add Crossfit to the mix......
#wedding tip: Don't Invite friends, family, coworkers, neighbors simply because you feel obligated to invite them.
Welcome to the jungle
When people complain about other people who subtweet, but those complaining do it, too. <<<
Man vs. Food is eating a 1lb cheeseburger, a plate of chili fries and a huge milk shake. My stomach is gurgling just watching this.
What's real doesn't have to be explained,it's RECOGNIZED!!!!
Alright Cards I'm not gonna be able to watch the Florida game Saturday we got business to take care of Quincy so
Need something picked up from the Houston Intercontinental Airport and delivered today.....CALL US!!! 877-527-5737
Want to know bad fashion? Dont wear pants with words on your butt in public!
I caught my girlfriend cheating then I gave her a lifetime beating
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether me and my bestfriend.. I wouldn't be anywhere without her.
We usually archive a stream on our Ustream Channel and post slides/notes if available.
RT Just reported a police trap on Stoneyford Rd, Northampton. My mood: speedy, using Waze - Drive Social
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho be looking in my mouth while I am talking to someone else....
Ugly Dudes Always Talking Down On Females... You Lucky That Bit*h Even Gave You Hope...
Whats good bro! Been hearing some great things happening n the Chi RT : hey man!!
Ah, shucks sorry you missed it. We'll be posting pics later... RT : so wish I was....
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories.Some take us forward they're called dreams. ~Unknown
My music is on shuffle & its playing all the right music.(:
B.o.B. coming to Springfest 2012 at RIT...you want some tickets on the house? Listen at 5:29pm for your chance to win! Shh...don't tell
This is the stupidity ..of this movie and the time jumps... *dad please turn*..
Keeping shooting "Spooks" for BBC in London called in Canada and U.S "MI-5"
Ok now I'm just upset lol
#Thethingis Nobody gives a fuck about anything
Thanks for the shout out :-)
Great Pops concerts this week w and work: 'James Brown in the Twilight Zone' Baby Boomers Fun!
duh. Honestly we don't even remember what led to that tweet..
Joy Division were better live than on album.
Thanks for the shout-out, !
#Breakeven I so love them
yup yupp ! Dudee text me im bored ! -.-
Then he came back with another bitch lmao
I saw the post on Kathleen's Facebook. Small world :).
Recording but it's almost time for a copenhagen run im bout to die in here lol
Thanks for the mention! And thanks for YOUR great info!
it's pretty neat. Just wish it covered my whole screen.
Hearing It's Goin Down is always the peak of my night
“: Betcha this fight looks way closer live than on TV.”agree. This is a typical Floyd blowout
I feel like the one handed man kicked my ass!!“: Yes it is...
After I learn to rap like Will Smith. ;-)
Austin Jr. and Sydney Jr. feel sad and neglected because you left us and went to GP.
Hey everyone how are you guys doing? Lol wheres everyone getting lunch today lol
It's true, but it's not enough. We have an infield full of statues.
Good luck to all of you running tomorrow! P.s. you should be sleeping!
": I wish Al Sharpton would coach football just Once, so i could see those head phones straddle that perm."
Feeling a little old school. Stone Temple Pilots? I think yes.
Potential rainfall totals by noon today
Hope so!
Maryland girls ball that's what's up!! Great game
Heard the Big Three outperformed Toyota last quarter.
Great day so far lots of animals are out today
Many thanks, Michael!
then stop leaving me 47384729 mentions
Thanks so much!! :))
journey AND pat benatar at LSP?
I had a great time at the Cramsey Christian Academy today! Great lesson!
And the Native Americans too!
All intelligent thoughts have already been thought; what is necessary is only to try to think them again
and what can I exchange for a life boat? Lol
do ya wanna know my secret remedy for insomnia?
Looks like the snowbirds are back in
"Gamers never quit" guess he never played NBA2K against us
Please tweet this...a 9 yr old from MI is suffering from brain cancer, and his one wish is to trend on twitter.
goodnight boo
I just used Requests to do some web requests. Easy!
Portland pals: I'm looking for new walking/jogging shoes. Advice? Pitfalls? Best places to shop? HELP!
not trying to ? K. Smart, but why no Jimmer in 3rd qtr? WTF? He was EnFuego
in all seriousness, there are social search companies that do this - i smell an opportunity to profit (or at least threaten??)
I MISS THE OLD JUSTIN
Special Tonight: Cannelloni stuffed w/ shrimp mousse, carrot puree, pickled carrots, sautéed hedgehog mushrooms, applewood bacon walnut vin!
Did you notice? Your 10,000th tweet...
I mean, doesn't the answer always come down to your mom?
Hopefully goin to c chronicle
He'll grab at least 6 rebounds for the Heat.
OMG! I'm not far from Austin. I wanna see/hear Tufte!
yes it is my friend! Any trips for #Eleuthera planned? I was thinking about how much I miss that island last night.
I did cry a little. Hahahaha.
Reporters using Twitter to find sources for stories and story ideas. Also, new way for PR to interact with journalists.
I was all depressed last hour. I hate this
frickin cold again! Coming back to LA soon :)
Can any of my twitter followers help me garner likes 4 a facebook campaign?
#ObamaYachtNames "The Sinking Ship" "Property of China" "Floating on Failed Dreams" "Soaking Up Your Tax Dollars""
”Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.” - John Maxwell
"I am very proud of my Viking heritage."
Sitting on the sidewalk by pier 1 with mom eating our mcdonalds. Trying to avoid the new car smelling like chicken.
RT : POTUS kept his promise to end War in Iraq!
Awwwhhhh! This is the lil girl and dad from the car commercial!!!!!!(: #ADORABLE AMERICA'S GOT TALENT
Is GORGEOUS!! ;)
Me: "is there anything I should be concerned about as a resident here?" 2 MPD officers in my alley: "No. Just an armed robbery." WTF?
haha yeah I should've... Oh well :)
<U+2661> windy days!
Senior Ditch Day tomorrow :)
Breaking Away never fails. #lateseventy'smovies
#zzif stage lights are obscuring the screen!
fennec foxes are so cute!
"Demi is only famous for her looks." Me:" Oh yeah, totally, I buy her album to listen to her face." THIS!
I wonder if is still on that salad diet... Lol He relapsed at Gucci's East Atlanta day, but it is Monday Lol
When ur trying 2 motivate urself appreciate the fact ur even thinking about making a change & as u move 4ward allow urself 2b good enuf
It's Sunday morning and I'm not hungover. Gym time!
You can begin feeling whatever you want (even if it’s not there). The universe will correspond to the nature of your song.
'cause there'd be no sunlight if I lose you baby' _rain(bruno mars)
i love our 1st time and 2nd time guest survey's we do. unfiltered/unbiased feedback. does your church do these type of surveys?
#rvagptw Great Places to Work support grassroots efforts like the Stairwell Singers!
Some hoes can
*Smiles* How are you....?
You know what? You are totally right.
That akward moment when a 4 year old gets a nose bleed in the middle of ballet class
Come to tonight! We're playing with Dudes of America, The Lymph Nodes, and Psychotic Reaction
Happy Persian New Year to all our Persian Swartwood students.....
We have a couple of entry level spots as well as intern to hire positions in Corporate and Technology at Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris, e…
haha I feel like you read my tweet about getting tan this summer?
Ok, here it goes, my fist tweeting: Thanks to all who came to the opening at Sidney Mishkin Gallery last night. It was such great fun!
love you too. Also, 's face in your picture is pretty cute.
Wolfpack with 3 more runs already in the 2nd, and Gillen is onto pitch for Coates.
Been two days with out power. -_- this is slowly driving me insane!!!! Help!
I'm tired goodnight yall.
HOPE is only found in the cross.
I hear you, ice cream is my favorite food! Good sugarfree exists, or small portions of the really good stuff
yummy lunch!! Whose was this??
#SideChickBirthdayGifts <A "FOLLOW" on twitter because you don't want your main girl to see her number in your phone.
No question has generated so much wealth as "Who am I?
HAPPY DOUBLE BIRTHDAY TO MY UNCLE AND MY BROTHER!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
"Know what your customers want most & what your organization does best. Focus on where those two meet ." Kevin Stirtz
“: Being romantic is so mother fucking gangster.” that's some G shit right there!
hahah amen!! Even some adults study that petty stuff!!
RT : The Steel City Ghostbusters Club (complete with uniforms, gear & Ghostbuster's car) will attend the May 4th screening
: The shift from the industrial past is gendered--masculine industrial era to feminized curation and interpretation.
Something that you may not know about me is that I love Remy Ma because she exemplifies and embodies everything that is good in a hoodrat.
Makes me excited for new Justified
Tweens and their parents should check out NBC15 News at 6 tonight for the deets on a local performance by
Well, at least we have one more year!
glad you like it! What are you working on?
YES! You know it, G-men defeat the Pack. On to the land of the wine and cheesers, Here we come 49ers
I was wondering what that noise was. I thought it was gonna storm here. ;-)
Can someone call Alan Alda cause there it is a F****** M.A.S.H. unit in the Pens locker room.
It's official: Jeffrey Kirks will be portraying the role of Quinn in our new scifi short #Knock. -JO
Create just enough of a ripple in the space-time continuum to make it Friday?
working with doctors without borders on a possible collaboration project in Kenya
S/O to our new followers SMOOCHES
FINALLY! The products!!
$10,585 is the ave annual cost/employee of complying w/ Federal regulations for small businesses (<20 employees), not good news (Source:SBA)
note to self punch Jeff in the face
Thanks for the support!
That would be us. MT : Today, a historic house I did a blog about featured my posting on their Facebook page....
Through letters from family, I knew there were thousands of loyal men ready to take up the cause of one side or the other.
GOING TO INDIANA BEACH W/FAM&FRIENDS 2MORROW!!! I am so pysched!!! Its like Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk in Cali, only BIGGER. So awesome!
Better tell all those black Christians. LOL
Monkey love for Sharon! RT Great start to the day w Sharons organic vinyasa w
: thank you for the retweet, I look forward to your answer :-) x Rosie
I was in that #sxswi presentation. A few walked out, but it was more likely due to his pitch.
They sell crack on broad street by my mom's house. I saw that shit. Biggie smalls looking boy on the corner. Wait til the casino opens...
Hey, that's cool. Maybe I'll try to make more vlogs too ;)
Gotta love UK's chemistry, total team ball. Young kids need to pay attention to this! To many today worried about me me me.
oh, I'm like Dory when it comes to memory <U+E409>yep! I'm going to get my degree in culinary arts
"If a woman's place is in the home WHY AM I ALWAYS IN THIS CAR!"
you know it was lol sorry new phone. Buttons can get tricky
Hopefully make it! They have to b next!
Any chance of a G+ hangout this weekend, kids?
you like music? Check out they have outstanding music! :D
About a 6 or 7. 1B don't need mobility, but depending on severity, bigger question is how it could affect Gamel's development.
the Kings did as well?
looks like I'm gonna have to bring an extra 'Haply's fruit loops' suitcase with me...
good morning to all.
Congratulations to all the and graduates, enjoy your weekend!
Rain rain go away! #portland #oregon Is it too early 2 b ready for the weekend?
when r u back in town?
Renewable Energy Solutions for commercial applications.
what if i said that for a beanstalk you have a bodacious booty?
Ready for Saturday with my baby !
yeah true. Its always better to go with a friend. See you next time.
I have a problem with in that I want everything. Ikat placemats and grosgrain napkin holders? You bet.
The "sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick" is said to be the toughest tongue twister in the English language.
Hip Hop it all sounds the same D.M.K. Death Murder Kill music people say they want CHANGE but they don't.....
And THIS is why we CAN'T have nice things
vinny can you please follow me please
Cute, you don't even know me but you talk about me
Waves make me go bonkers
Man...hearing the 4 Horsemen theme still gives me goosebumps.
Hello, I'm just getting started. Will you spare some social change?
#imagine cody making you a bear at build a bear workshop<3 -btw this is on 's twitterr(:
:( So sorry. Have fun at the CMAs and be sure to catch Sarah Darling & Ayla Brown!
Have you noticed our new decor? The designer is a Bed Stylist!
I'm busy after 4 tomorrow, but Tuesday I'm doing nothing but sales! So that could work if tomorrow doesn't.
Hey, English teacher just took three boxes of weeded novels (too many copies for the available shelf space)!
false fichter. working for mcdonald's located in dc md and va :P
check your sched, coffee soon.
The Outsiders is on what a great movie!
ya don't answer my messages either. Or squish my wife too thats cool!!!
No kidding. You were there too? It was nice see , even though briefly.
My mom deserves to win bc she did everything possible to provide me what I needed as a single mom!
I want it to be tomorrow. Like NOW!
I can't open ur site
I'm late but happy birthday
i was like i cant remember who this is omg help
all this talk of food and currency makes me hungry for a rich stew with yukon gold potatoes.
Absolutely same here.
my two favorite bands bonding together :) backstreetboys and onedirection!
Don't know why everyone loves NYC, it smells, there's too many people, it's expensive, and it's not as beautiful as it looks.
As the Longhorns' season is just 13 days away, fans still have no idea who carries the #longhornnetwork. Tragic.
Gumer's 40th anniversary= 40% off!! #jewelry always makes a great #gift! Make sure to get good #louisvilledeals at Gumer!
Head still intact. Transformer purchased. Bio-Freeze is AWESOME for arthritis pain. I wish I could bathe in it.
RT : Just noticed Twitter keeps prompting me to "Add a location to your tweets". Not falling for that one.
If you have good rain gear it isn't a problem at all.
"RT : Adopting a dog from a humane society, an animal shelter, an SPCA or a dog rescue group saves a life!" <--- Yes it does!
explain why a Dr can cancel your appt if you're 5 minutes late but a patient is considered difficult if we ask why the Dr is an hour behind
wow thats fukin hilarious i think u was on comicview rite
Writers Guild of America illegally collects monies for then claims it cannot locate ALAN AYCKBOURN, MICHAEL FRAYN, and MICHAEL PALIN
Which GoT hottie would u rather have seed your bastard? John Snow, Rob Stark, or Tyrion Lannister?
It is now Vegas time
It is. I'm having some more today ;)
i guess that is the difference between kowledge to rule and dominate and knowlege to empower??
I have a sub already and it's only the second day of class?? Lol
It's astounding the number of top recruits who don't announce when they say they will. I'm looking at you, Tony Parker.
I know they will all annouce they are headed to the NBA, but what if one or two decide to stay another year?
quit making me hungry :)
don't know. Lemme see
Members Card Heat -4.5 first half (25 units)
he just dont wanna go to kdub with me lol
is on his way to Kentucky for a meeting...
Great chance for that kid. RT : With their final pick (No. 232), the #Seahawks pick Louisville DE Greg Scruggs.
Ordered #Fiasco & #Microscope! #ThePlaysTheThing soon. I SO want to design some events around these! Thanks!
when connor said "i wish we could all be friends like before" i was like "you & me both! D:"
RT : Badger Men's Bball today at 1:30. Happy Hour Prices during the game.
You're a goon.
EBay, Wal-Mart search for revved-up search engines
time flies by. every moment u get with the ones u love, make it count.
True story RT : I don't have a drinking problem I have a drinking passion.
Way to steal focus from the Did Phil get you anything fun from Coltmerch.com?
home come kver
r u serious. It's no sons but it helps kill time
what's that mean?
Great weekend, and great night at Pier 60!
Its going down tomorrow nite club Amenage interscope reps n the building im burning the stage down
Yey! Can't wait to see it. Make sure you let us know when you go live.
New Seminar Tomorrow - March 1st -- Helping IT Help You -- RSVP to
Dont ever be some1s bitch like my roommate Adam. It's embarrassing!!
We still have plenty of Coffee Cakes! Come and get yours for Saturday and Easter Brunch! :)
There were 45 entrants in today's noon $140 ($125/15) tournament. The top 5 places get paid, first is $2161. Next tournament is at 7 pm.
Great shoot this afternoon with #CelebrationFoundation and Al Valentino at the for the #JBCreative documentary on
Oh yeah I forgooottttt HappY MoNdaY
- yeah i been working hard ..too hard
"What doesn't break you, will make you ."
I'm too nice. sometimes so nice that people think I'm an asshole.
Prom next weekend? Lets see how many people copy
Last night, Julien read "Go, Dogs, Go" to me with minimal help. So happy he's reading. But bittersweet that he's leapfrogged Vic.
I miss my girl
Almost there! ": My bags are packed. I'm on my way. To have some fun at #tnl with a few other folks."
Beyondthescoreboard.net I don't understand why everyone is expecting less of Kobe Bryant this year
I swear to god if fucks Skype up one more time, I'll never let him dress my future kids up like pandas! #
#4Dericisback I cant wait it is today Oppa you rock
Maybe I'll just buy you a beer at DLF, instead. Are you going this year?
I have learned a lot in the corporate arena. When something doesn't work, you cut it and move on.
Tattoo this on me?!
Invasion of privacy. That was supposed to stay between me and a bestfriend. If I don't tell you directly then you don't need to know.
Dis is wat I do finessin like a fool
Changes to the overall character mythos: Fine. Yet another origin story: Not.
There's definetly nothing worse that having flaming cactus thrown at you.
you fail.
screaming because I love glee
hahahaha true it is...
Recently renewed our annual subscription to support Colorado Public Radio - yay!
No! Bad!
Peace Out
man this rain shit aint going to work
Damn my Dick long
It's not always about fixing something broken, but sometimes it's about starting over and creating something better. Anonymous
thanks for the follow! I look forward to sharing information and ideas! Hows the market in NE Ohio?
idc imma do watever it takes to meet .. my family has no fait in me :(
Cant wait for today to be over.... Boy i tell you
We're and ready to order! Can't wait to dive into the red velvet pancakes.
in the silver outfit
#nwill2011 also included self-assessment but picked a poor tool (anon. survey). Couldn't connect the student with the answers.
TWINS! Which race and when?
There's not even a word to describe how I feel right now. And if there were, it wouldn't be a good word.
lmaoo anything for my future flat mate !
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!!!
So,im good :)
It's Taco Tuesday today at Lottie's! We're open at noon with Shane's smoked fish tacos!!
Doors open at 12pm until 10pm Come early and enjoy the best reggae show in Miami of the year
messed up you aren't following me
#Amazon's video reviews feature. Nice.
You Obviously Love Oreos duh...
“: would iphonic play at a wedding..?” i don't see why now, contact
Hope #LeeShoaff is okay and the people involved.
people went apeshit when this girl said that that Zimmerman has scratches and bruises on his face from being attacked by him
Editing photos... Long process but im loving the results im getting :D
thanks for following!
OF COARSE I SET MY ALARM AND WAKR UP AN HOUR BEFORE IT GOES OFF UGH
BEACH DAY! :D
Miss a phone call. Call back thirty seconds later. They don’t answer
Man knows how to piss me off...she fukin loves it <U+E40E><U+E40E><U+E40E>
We provide you with the software for building your own social network.
My sister sits upstairs looking at peoples facebooks and talking shit about everybody for fun..
I WANT YOU AND YOUR BEAUTIFUL SOUL. ~
Whatever makes you feel bad, leave it. Whatever makes you smile, keep it.
He was the sort of person who called a Store24 to ask what their hours were.
Okay I think that was too much._.
Nobody's life is perfect but it's what we do to perfect ourselves that makes us who we are. RnB Smoove y'all!!!!
Looks wonderful!
Damn this shift is so long. And to think all my Saturdays are 11-9
Ugh my parents should have let me stay hme I new they weren't gonba be bac tonight.
#thingspeopleshouldntdo Listen to Justin Bieber try to rap
Thanks for your help.
lol I don't know what I was on
thanks for coming! Can't wait to see your pics from last night's event (thank you)
Our winner from last Friday was Simplistic Financials, LLC. Check out her new FB Fan Page Image courtesy of the Rubies!
Today has been a good, albeit odd, day! Can't wait to see sweet baby Addie tonight! Yay for dinner with =)
watching the national dance team championship and wondering why beamer's team isnt there !
One of those odd facts that make baseball so damn much fun.
Keynote speaker at graduation. Ugh! Art Rooney II so wanted to be a football player.
new friends
whats the move A-town its raining a it aint shit to do have a nice day and keep your foot on the gas!!!
Last day at the OMEA convention. Extrememly busy yesterday. Should be a good day today as well.
Seeing people tweet that will never get old.
Damn bro when yu coming back
It's official... The snow has begun to fall! Drive safe and stay warm!
Just installed OS 4 for iphone. Awesome. Can zoom camera, etc.
Let me eat this wall !
why :( I LOVE YOU WHY WONT YOU LOVE ME BACK
Horrible officiating. Go ahead and fine me $15,000 for saying it. Truth hurts
We're starting an interesting #iPhone #iPad app. We need #Java #CSS help. Interested?
I'm hoping to come join you all for the 5k or 10k rendition. Looking into registration this weekend!
Do what you can do, The need this year is great. Make a difference in someones life. Real Change Happens one person at a time.
(fighting words...)
: Stay tuned for details of our 2012 Euro Fest. Last year we gave away a 2 year lease at this October event!
after watching #Moneyball last night with my wife, 2 things happened: 1 - i got excited for baseball season and 2 - i set a new life goal
Check out our buddies and start getting things DONE! Be sure to tell them sent you!
Nice Too See You Dont Say GoodNight` Or Bye You Juss Hung Up N My Face. = [
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. -Erma Bombeck
Buy it.
#LMSunSIG accessibility: this is scary!
Picnic tip: If you are providing tournaments, make sure to have a sign up table so that there is no postponement starting the games
Listening to discuss how Baltimore is being green!
V-Moda headphones and #AttachedEarLobes are not a match made in heaven.
The age gap continues to widen between me & my students, but this crop reminds me more of my own generation than any I've seen so far.
Maybe it's another disease where I give personalities and fears to inanimate objects. Any psychiatric recommendations?
Really? Really? RT:": My celebration of the dunk really was too much... Didn't even see James ..... Omg... Looks bad"
fa shaw dawg hit me back with a follow!
Watching Glenn Beck.. I really hope he doesn't go blind. =\
#RT & Like our new post on our Facebook page at 12:00 and win a #free Drivn Tee! We see you...
I wish u were going with us:(
Mercia welcomes Jamie Thiessen on board to assist in fundraising!
Its friday!! We started a new thing where every friday we make a video to #ooOURf songs...the winner is *drum roll* (next tweet)
crank yankers...is that a double entendre for something? lol
Wheres my Mr.Big to buy me a place in manhattan
Blue Sky Noise - ...buy it.
Jordan Taylor has the most 3s for Wisconsin with 57 ... or 75 fewer than John Jenkins
Taylor Swift - Love story. Bahaha :D
A sight to see! MI gov will appear with former govs and Engler on ABC’s "#ThisWeek w/ GStephanopoulos" on Sun.
You are too funny! Both are alive and well here in Atlanta. Just had Guthrie's for the first time in months yesterday for lunch.
Just heard Theodore Peña's talk on Pompeii. He originally planned a section on my Twitter namesake Caecilius, but he changed his mind.
Had a great time at Myrtle Beach w the family & got an early tan this year!
you don't have to be on an #Applebees budget to keep your job for goodness sakes!
uh yes! I didn't tell y'all I was shooting the pilot? Yeah it's a dream come true lol
Thanks to for the new photos on the College's home page!
I hope my dad my sell it for one thousand bucks
Hoping this cold goes away SOON!
Columbia, where are you hiding your weather machine
A wise man said, "you make a living on what you get; you make a life on what you give."
Life's rough. Wear a helmet.
is anybody else's blackboard not working?!?
flight cancelled and power out at home. not a great fri so far. upside - i now have time to deal w/ power co b4 new flight.
i wanna go there
"The worst thing that could possibly happen to anyone is to not be used for anything by anyone." Kurt Vonnegut -
the mattsignal! i'll be shining that light again i'm sure! thanks!
Theater cynics. I'm now a Katharine McPhee fan. Bring BOMBSHELL in!
awesome work!
when i see the boys i get meself carried away.. to much. heheh xx
Agreed. We must all stand together and treat one another with compassion and understanding for the benefit of of all. :)
Grade inflation spreads to local news networks."Bus stop" report gave this morning a grade of "B, because it's average this time of year."
tomorrow my dude I'll have it up. Kobe galaxy Lbj big bang Lbj mangos Foamposites cough drop And more
Give up, move to Palm Springs.....
Happy birthday Thomas Jefferson
If something says The Disco Exorcist, of course I'm going to click on that shit.
in NYC right now. Get back on Tuesday. How long you in town?
Lol..she scared my nephew.
The Captain probably had something to say about this....
Jasmine Anne is doing the "paleo diet", which is where you eat nuts and grass like cavemen. Also where you carry a club and grunt a lot.
Melo still my boy but its good run NYK !!!
Enjoying all of the Manning and Tebow tweets tonight. I should have bought Twitter stock long ago.
Check out the Search Meets Social Event today at UNM SUB from 11-2. $50 gift certificate giveaway to the UNM Bookstore.
All the cash
--May we never block the miracle of you!
#busy #busy #busy #busy #busy dang
My sister says "Dan" instead of "damn". And "itch" instead of "bitch".
RT -If yhu got a LOVER-!
When you'd cry I'd wipe away all your tears <3 When you'd scream I'd fight away all your fears <3I held your hand through all these years <3
(2/2) OCHC Bantams and Ana. Wildcats PWs at Tier II, Lady Ducks 14s at Tier 1 and Jr. Sharks girls at 12s and 16s in Tier 1. Good luck all!
We love having you! What's your favorite location?
Nice! (and kinda creepy)!
": Fuck bitches, get money? Dude, your 12."
got that wristband
very funny about cab driver and Whole Food. What did you get?
you are amaaaaazzing!!!!! :)
Please Check DMs:)
Wow Twitter, gawd I really need to get better @ this.
yeah it was at this HUGE theatre in NJ and literally every seat was full i kid you not
That special feeling when a baby grabs your finger with their whole hand (:
kevin harvick look good hope he lead bunch and win
No! Resists its demonic wiles!!!
They should put Joey Essex in the definition for retard
where u going come to Vegas
RT : just learned gene wilder went to washington high school. so did herb kohl and bud selig. and latrell spreewell. dang!
Busy weekend! Fri: 6-8, TX State student show Satellite 7-11. Sat: Art from Ashes & featuring
Happy Birthday ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
barely made the cut!
Thanks! My pain will never stop unfortunately. How r things with u and Rob?
I haven't received my 40 yet and now in dire need to get wasted lol :( .... Wudnt that sadden you too
where do u live
that paragraph? I think so~ no one in Vacaville has ever met Emily & one day she went to buckingham and the next she was on isp
Good morning, Tweeps!!! Today is the Greenville Ave Parade in Dallas. Got my green Mavs jersey on. Up and at 'em!
Um oh well thank you anyways :)
U already know
im a friend of thatsmajestic...
You are a gift to the world, a divine work of art, signed by God. (:
Not yet. I'm going in next week to do a test batch and learn the system, but beyond that hasnt been determined yet.
honey badger don't care!
the millionaire, the mansion, the yacht
I hate all chicken except for orange chicken.
That sad moment when a bomber picks a woderful day to have your school on lockdown.Ocon Send the juarez students to get this Dude.
wow...that thunder shook the windows.
i pulled out my phone to text you, then remembered..
What is you name?
now dat sounds like a pln
Today is our earliest school show on our school tour yet...already here! Haha oh man.
Clay Bennett shot, all of Seattle starts crying
Good morning everyone! I got some blueberry coffee this morning with Baileys Chocolate creamer! It really goes together very well!
Enjoyed meeting up and providing feedback!
I heart @ spyfu, great customer service , SEO and marketing research.
What makes a company great is not primarily its top leaders, but the quality of its innumerable everyday ones. - John Holmes
Wtf I'm bored as fuck ! It's Saturday make something happen lol
actin like i care ill listen to guys problems but not yours bitch after how long been treating me wrong hell no
Live for a year and you will see wonders.
Feeling exhausted? Look up, Saturday is here! Will you be lending a free hand to a worthy cause in your community this weekend?...
Q2 Who has had success keeping a group of people, especially youth quiet? A space for both would be ideal.
Thanks for the tremendous support! RT : A big #FollowFriday to and this week. Thanks for a great #ALAconf!
eat my shorts
we had a ruff start this morning too! Snow. Can you believe it? I know spring in NE can be like this, but I'm ready for spring!
Live and let others live.
Can't believe that I survived, I fell so hard but i'm alive <3
I'm sorry to hear that. I'll be praying.
#JennaMarblesTaughtMe how white girls act in the club !
I want some now. Once 3:00 hits stefon is getting some.
don't accuse me of such things, ive been watching freshi movies with my grandparents!
If gay marriage is wrong, then why did we have four fathers? /via
We've been testing it out for the Pushtape music distribution. Really slick indeed!
awesome seeing u
lol oh you mean world war. Yeah y'all will win if he taking out people
Aww : (( that sucks. Are there a lot of people there?
THANK YOU!!!!
Cabin Fever was definitely one of his good ones I'd say maybe the last good one he made..
Celebrate the DC Jazz Festival with Assaf Kehati Trio feat. Legendary Drummer Billy Hart! June Fri. 04 - Sat. 05 9pm & 11pm
Join your fellow losers on Congress.
#UltimateAthlete was a great event! Met a lot of cool people. Congrats to the winner. Can't wait until next year.
he will (:
OMG. i almost pooped my pants that was so funny.
was the spoon hott?:)
#Dinnertime! Who else is craving quesadillas?
Wish u were in Houston!
hails from the Dallas Fort Worth area in Texas. She was the first
Thanks for coming to #BabesAtSea and !
UH NO, Ron Artest, purposely and maliciously hit HARDEN! How do you walk into elbows?? SMDH
Dear brother, get the fudge out of my room.
Big ConGRADS to all those takin their last steps of their Paine College journey today!
Rep. Richards: "We have the 4th worst cut in the country to K-12. We have the 4th worst cut to higher ed. This is going to be a disaster."
2012 Graduation Fashion Show Designers: Rachael Sansom and Chelsea Levinson
RT : New look for pandora. looks good. Also looks like they ditched flash. // Agreed, but where did hours remaining move to?
Happy Diwali everyone! Special Diwali dinner starting tonight!
At the Gigantic Brewing grand opening! City that Never Sleeps is delicious! Congrats Ben & Van!
we don't fix things, just smash 'em! lemme know how you fix it though. worried..never troubleshoot macs cuz they dont break!
I sit here n wonder will I ever find someone like him
That one teacher who makes you sweat like a faucet...
congrats to you colleague!
right back atchya.
A million people were waiting to get their Rita's water ice & I pulled up bumping the #smashbrothers loud as hell & a they started dancing!
RT : #ItsAwkwardWhen your mother finally realizes its not a fake tattoo.
pretty sure i did but its whatever
You forgot to put quotes around "genius."
People hide behind layers of secrecy and humor bcz they're afraid people can see right through them.
because Scott Walker is a lying ASS
Shift change on American airlines baggage handlers. Waiting 20 minutes for sky check. Brutal
i can afford a zero or two in that class anyway.
Hopefully Diablo 3 news this week yes? :D
s rooftop patio is bumpin!! Check out the live music. 5 coronas for 25$
What if... you made a play, BUT... you added catchy music, AND... instead of talking the characters SANG some of the words?
Thanks guys, you've officially converted me.
I'm the only black guy in the class but i'm sure I blend in very well lol.
good luck on your G1 test today!! I know you'll pass. Its in your genes ;)
He's a sure card. - John Dryden
Lol dang! I got u tho dont be like that jas! RT : she sound like a hater
Apple will never make it. Spanish is the new Chinese & saws are going to replace chainsaws.
bored as hell nigga.
Round the rugged rock, the ragged rascal ran.
I don't play to be famous or get my name out there. I play because it's what I love to do. That's music at it purest.
i think its time for a #teenwolf marathon...
News sources: Woman being questioned in connection with death of young boy found in Maine. Breaking Details on 7News.
congrats on decision... Good luck.
they got me hooked passing out samples @ Target
Just came back from a basketball game......i now have a sprained ankle and a black and blue face......this stinks :(
I'm in the A lets work
I Love the homie holds it down over there!
woo. Love yu Nerlens! yu made my day. GO
Lucas ain't never seen a shot that he didn't like taking lol
(American Legal Maxim) Do not answer a question until it is asked.
also, is it absolutely necessary? Can those sleeping dogs lye?
Get your Hair Curled or styled for Prom or a Vegas Nite out only $30. We do Make-up for $30, get the smokey eye look!
- yes it was great to meeting you in person and hear your amazing story! Can't wait to learn more about your many passions
How to Get Paid THOUSANDS of Times Per Day
Without me the world wouldn't have a door mat to walk on.
Look at Pops looking handsome!!!!
Debate nationals. But the Toronto game, on June 16th, we should definitely do!
im with yeah on that
I feel your pain. RT : Great...I get to hear curse all night tonight and mumble curses in his sleep.
Katt Williams is one. Just when I was trying to go to sleep.
I miss you like a retard misses the point.
Join the Jimmy Luv's gang at the Milwaukee Rally for a Labor Day weekend of Luv! Saturday & Sunday, September 3-4 - 9:00 am - 2:00 pm
And the wheels are coming off Tommy Hunter's afternoon.
Oh, that online article is in today's hard copy!
*Love* hearing my neighbors walk by and saying "Hi " to him in the window.
Ah yes. The old flat-tire-out-of-nowhere! One of my favorite ways to further complicate a stressful day. What a treat.
same here :P
It was actually a Man-Project?
Listening to that too. RT Tuning into WPGC 95.5 to listen to the Godfather.
or 'if you are not part of the solution, you re part of the precipitate' (#chemistry joke)
I love when try's to poke me and pretend like he never did >> haha!
another thing we have in common!
followed you
Dear fellas, don't try to hit on a girl if you're not wearing deodorant.
I mean I do but not really. Did you see the placement of my iPad on my laptop in my office?
Such a great surprise to see you at #Oktoberfest yesterday! Hope you had a great time and I'll see you for that drink soon?
RT for a chance to win a signed copy of the acclaimed historical fiction novel GROSVENOR SQUARE by Katherine A. Meyer!
u and Beverly Herman can fight over my 1st #sdcc goodie - supernatural WB bag!!!
so you didn't show up at the airport?
hey! It's been a while since I've talked to you. Hope you're well!
: I wonder if Usher thinks he's good at sex?
Definitely. But it being in July (into the next fiscal year) will make it a bit more challenging, funding wise.
I WILL BE PERFORMING AT WINGATE, BROOKLYN, NY TODAY ALSO ON THIS SHOW ITY & FANCY CAT. 5 P.M
"My current definition of the book is that it's a single long argument or narrative, ...form is not as important, ...paper or electronic."
All I need is one shot
We will pay $100 for your old Sofa..!!!!!! We will pay $100 towards your new sofa purchase if you bring your old one.!!!!!
I'm gonna kill yuu
Pool party with at da ice house in mccomb, Ms... may 12....da dog pound going to be in that thang
Scott is more awkward than a job interview.
Why must anything involving Foo Fighters be followed up with something extremely lame?
New blog post : Weight Training 101: Strength Training vs Mass Training
i need my baby in my arms
#Packers Does anyone know if the first training camp practice on July 26th is open to the public? Thinking maybe GB for the meeting and prac
Randomly bored...wanna go cause mischief w/
hope u ready 4 all the dm's u bout 2 get #the thirst
I have now realized that I am never more than a half hour away at almost any given time from a "Sex In the City" rerun.
#follow #jazz //http:t.co/jtTtykv
Thank you Jesus, I love you. John 3:16 <3
i'm all for globalization, but 930 pm conference calls with beijing kinda suck.
:) wakka wakka who wants to hear a funny a** joke
If I see one more One Direction post, I'm going to flip. Boybands are and always will be gay.
What do you do if the person your going to the game with says there going to be an hour late and you have his ticket?
ADD MASS TO THE TOUR PLEASE!!!!
Due to popular demand, the Recharger is BACK! Our Double Espresso Milkshake is on the permanent menu. The BTS nation has spoken.
“When your vocation becomes your vacation, there is no such thing as hard work.” - Jimmy Smith
When you finally realize you're not normal >>>
I'm still waiting on an RMA #. I called, emailed, tweeted and nothing! I've bought $100s worth of t's in 2 months. Come on?
I love my friends so much but honestly I think I'll be alone forever
Really grouchy - I hate my day job!!!!!!
saw Marine One flying from from Camp David while I was coming home from Gettysburg.
i dont like you, you dont like me simple as that.
yo you get my text?
Kaitlyn got me stoked for tonight
As men, we are continuously partaking in the never ending hunt for pink October.
"Give me a little drink, from your loving cup, just one drink and I fall down drunk"
Haha you act like you are so badass and you dont even have the balls to come to school and face me you are such a pussy!
Well, they can't put ALL of the big names on one night there.
Every #soccer team has'em. THE REALIST: This player will make no effort to hide the fact that she cannot "kick it that far".
My siblings are psychotic. Chill out, guyzzz..
I would kill to be in a production of Rocky Horror!!
We're excited to bring you great deals from !
morning baby. Hope you slept good :) see u in a couple hours on lunch.
Serving into the wind hard and nailing a little kid building a sandcastle in the face
hell yeah amd kept going like a pro ya feel me
Just completed the Goodwill #walk4work!
Beth, please pray for everyone suffering with Lyme disease? Thank you! Prayers make a difference!
SCHOOL! DANCE! HOMEWORK! Bed.
oh sometimes i get a good feeling
then this is the second time you'll RT me. (maybe) ;)
Rich content is complicated. It needs to be planned. It needs a strategy.
The only direction we see is forward.....
My mommy will be home in an hr :-)
We are all different and built differently anyway.
I am not watching America's Got Talent.
hope you have a good holiday while off tour, thank you for your countless performances, you’re an amazin singer :)
#Bulls season over let's go heat
Have a great weekend everyone! Enjoy the weather :-)
That was the 9th artist/label site in a row that only had 30 second samples. Feel like Ive spent the morning having the phone hung up on me.
erma is legion synchronically at least.
Number 1 pick for #NFLDraft (Andrew Luck) shares my birthday
I saw Girl in Progress today. It's sad how much my relationship with my mom related to that little girls. *sigh*
im following everyone u tell me to but u dont follow meeh what the hello kitty
Brad will still start the bidding at $1
It is a truth universally acknowledged that when one part of your life starts going okay, another falls spectacularly to pieces.
What a shitty day.
#smwchic speaking of the past Picasso would not be considered modern w/out influence of African and Oceanic art
Next class, Using cell phones in education, sounds promising. Thanks to the presenters of 2.0 tools class. Wonderful, so much info.
Let's pack up and move to California<3
Great WorkOut Today (: Wahoo !
indeed I do. wrote some ill shit today. haven't recorded in forever though. most of Tales is online, except for two tracks.
tonight the party keeps rock with dj moma at retreat nightclub nyc. king arthur doing it for you!
Tav--thanks for showing me how great espresso can really be...Good luck in the future!
Oh, no. I have two lists. The short list comes first, before May ends.
no, but I did the upper tower as well as the normal viewing deck. Worth it. Way better view on upper tower.
soon like 20 or so
have you ever had to return a band shirt? is 60 days enough for you guys? pay restock fees? (we don't have em). what do u expect? @ or DM !
we'll see about that watch this ot real quick
<U+2665>'s Brit Laurén Manor. Better to me than myself!
Well, besides Gordon.... We haven't spent money. Singing Perez cost us 8 mil guaranteed. Escobar was cheap.
Everyone follow :)
S/O to for being my 900th follower, thank you
Same here girl
best line from #NewGirl last night: "Do you have a mole fetish?"
Wow, love that show! Congrats Colin
lol I've learn over the years that MAYBE is just a nice way to say NO :-(
Wisdom has shown me life in different light..
you’ll spend your entire life listening to people tell you how much you owe them. you don’t owe the vast majority of people shit...
How pathetic are guys drooling over Kate Upton doing the cat daddy?
NEW IN TODAY: Painted triple triangle pendant necklaces from Locol!
Pool party is a go, expect arrogant twitpics
I know its terrible!
Thanks for the updates!
"Rather a real enemy, than a fake friend. Rather know for sure, than be mistaken.."
Maybe I should put on pants.
only the back half
On to the next team!
M chinese food
guttenberg inspired by grape press!
can't wait to see you! :D <3
Designating #reachfwd as the hashtag for this piece.
PlayStation Video Store: This weekend only, rent MMA epic Warrior for just 99 cents in 1080p HD or SD.
Arizona is beautiful. Flowers flowers everywhere!!
All the Greats are passing like falling stars. Feels like a very long season is ending. I hope we can learn from it. RIP Donna Summer.
I'm all out of trivia questions. Why don't you rearrange your Delaney cards or something LOL
I am so smart!
No good deed goes unpunished.
Definitely. One of the many benefits.
Q1) I'm at that stage now. Consuming copious amount of research and case study, following relevant hashtags, not efficient yet
That shot woulda been huge. Anyways we win this quarter we win the game!!! CMON NUGGETS!!!
Congrats ! RT : Our PAC/LAC Committee just endorsed London Meservy, an Independent, for Chula Vista City Council.
Thank you! Makes it even sweeter that it was Michigan ;)
sure do love my lewis chicks proud of em all love spending what time i hev w em
: Nothing more irritating to twitter comm'y than just pushing out 1-way info. Use interactively to engage readers.
Sorry for the radio silence, guys. We’ve been working on setting up a new contest! Details soon!
A "jiffy" is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
I'm seeing a good friend for his birthday, so I'm not aware of what else is happening tonight. I'M not cool.
"I love your Crocs" Said by Nobody, Ever.
you're going to see show tonight? Cool! Will we hear about it on your show?
Come ON Carolina!
i know ! my b doee.. i been layin low n shit aha but wen dis phone come we gon be able to stay in touch.
its about to be 12 -_- i got work at 2.
that's a great substitute!
I think the award for Best Picture should go to Jane Fonda for just looking better than anyone at age 74...
the Doan hit was borderline, could go either way. But Hanzal drove Brown into the boards, not really much wiggle room there
I have too many friends that are boys...i need girlfriendss!
rocsi is wearing kicks :O
Looks delicious!
i'd pick you up if i could! and get a 2 slice on the way! MISS YOU SO MUCH!
Can I just not be depressed so much? :-/
deal :-) P.S. moving to Charlotte this wknd!!
follow your heart not your pride
go ahead and get out your OSU hate - I know you are loving every minute of this!
Someone is a pessimist today. Keep your head up and your mind open to possibilities and you will be surprised. Miss you:(
thank u so much! Love UR support! There will b more still to come will keep u updated! Pls send me pinterest link
Calle ocho was scr8....the key 2 success is out come get yours
doh! Missed the howl again! Was writing about action research all day, which should be a howl essay or topic.
Heart attack after a medical procedure?! smh
it stopped raining, then?
RT : Cafe Bella Coffee is proud to support the Great American Cleanup event on Saturday April 28th in Rio Rancho is......
OLD NEWS!
Goin to bed:p imma be tired af tomorrow ! XP goodnight :)
shut up mugno
I love cooking, do you? #cooking #hometownmeal Retweet this if you love cooking
Wifey got to the truck late so gave her #freefood...and it was #delicious!
All my friends in LA & NYC be looking out for me. I will be posting dates of my travels next week!
Who knew? A group of #kittens is called a #kindle, while a group of #cats is properly called a clowder.
MULawPoll
#SignsYoureANerd - you find HTML and coding on Wordpress REALLY cool...on a Sunday night. #gultyascharged :) #amIcoolyet? LOL!
Hi thx for the welcome to twitter! Next time I have an opening... Feel free to send me your resume :)
seriously you're great! I want to work with you!
haha ;) nice Virginia beach for me:/
It is possible to do a great performance and still have a bad audition!
the only reason I'm holding off on getting a new phone is because I'm afraid it wont be Twitter eligible
Thank you! You too.
Thanks for the intel! We'll have to do some investigating...
Got thru registration about an hour ago. filled out forms and waiting for orientation at the Naca, mortgage fair.
what's up
RT Driving to Philadelphia. ETA 9:03 PM using Waze - Drive Social
i luv 1d so bad I mean seriously there accents are so cute their music is so hot! & there so sexy an unbelievable band!! <3
hanginn outt with , havent been on in a while, need more followerss!!
Tony loves renee a lot :) even though she punched me in the balls
Five More DIY Tips From Your Plumbers In Indianapolis At Mr. Rooter
what are chapters??? And how do we see em?
I'd be delighted. Currently on parental leave--would you be willing to wait til summer? There will be more news then :)
I sent you some sources on facebook.
Noticed significant tree damage on I-75 in Cartersville, GA. Thought it might be from 4/27/11, turns out it's from the tusc/b'ham tor. Wow.
Open Bar, Fly Honey's, Major Playerz, this evening can be a big blessing from many angles
Congrats 2012 Zoey winners (Aurora), (Beast of the Air), (Tick Tock), & (The Technician)
House is starting to smell like spicy tomato dill soup using tomatoes, hubby's favorite meal :)
jeez people- calm down.
#sale Facebook Yard Sale App
“: So the key thing for #Oprah about discovering she has a sister is for us to know how hard it is to contact Oprah.”
If I Die Tomorrow, I just want to tell my best friends and that I love them and are so thankful for them.
I love to exercise on my treadmill :)
I'm amped to help roll out their new system today. This is going to be a fun training to lead. Huzzah for good data!
depends, does the vanilla have to be French?
As if I wasn't already freaked out enough about 2012, the immortal has passed.
What's Good in ur Galaxy??
Everybody can be great, because everybody can serve. Martin Luther King Jr.
Getting a no-hitter game with 6 walks is like bowling a 200-game with the bumpers up.
which was your fave German #beer of the night?
Lee Hazlewood is a pretty mood appropriate choice!
I will miss U all by a week. I'm working in Chicago Dec. 3-4 Might come back & check U out U guys r Da BOMB!!!
Heading out to the IAT50 course! Because and I totally won't get lost driving there. Not at all.
go big or go home.. take them all :)
I got Gretzky
hey! Stoppin by to say hello :)
bahaahaaaaaa!!!! She looked so confused. Poor crazy Irene.
RT : The time for action is past! Now is the time for senseless bickering! -Ashleigh Brilliant
That's so hipster baller yo! “: I just literally bought out this chick's entire Etsy store. Add everything to cart!”
the kitty cat does not understand, we no bite the weasel ferrets.
Damn it, Motley Fool, you've failed me again! My penny stocks are leaving me penny-less! Anyone want my shares? They're cheap!
any flashers today;)
For the first time in a long time, I have nothing to do on a saturday!! This is amazing!
Gary Price: librarians could teach patrons issues of privacy and how to circumvent the many web crawlers, Amazon, Google, etc.
I could really go for some Obamacare right about now.
Happy Birthday Muhammed Ali!! You whooped Sonny Liston's ass in ur first title fight
CALIENT Technologies Announces New Vice President of Engineering
Delta f'd up my flight home so It looks like Atlanta has me for one more day.
Da girls didn't just backstab me she backstabed all my bestfriends!I was going to beat her but I thought twice before I did!and I'm glad!
I never understand why people eat at McD's and places like TGI Fridays in NYC!
Blush Brides! Email us your wedding photos and receive a makeup lesson to recreate your look...!!!
oh yes tell me about it. And many don't really know that Cinema is Benny's track and Skrillex only remixed it.
lmao I dnt no wat that means... I'm not hip
so now you're an owner.. I see
Thanks for the follow. The #red #sox going to be good this year? We're pulling for the #brewers here in
T.Guy currently killing the cypher at SF2 south.
Wow Afflalo layed it up near Bynum and didn't get punched in the chest!
RT : WARNING: #Clear Internet sucks. Don't buy it. They lie about "free returns." Their ethics suck more than their service.
Module 1 complete - this is going to be one epic #weightloss program. We'll be A LOT closer to our goal of helping 1 million ppl!!
21 Jump Street. \m/
There are too many experts and too many studies.
Things are now look fuzzy but somethings needs to clear up.
Just picked up my #StrangeClouds album. Can't stop listening to 'So Good'! Strange Clouds should win Album of the Year!
Thanks for the RT bud!
Hanging w the family!
The process of seeing beyond your limitations allows you to break free from who you’ve known yourself to be.-Debbie Ford
Ace hood got springs.
Hi Eddie!
Yes you got a picture!
At work
5ly75 btw his excuse 'i can't go online' is gay because you were getting him trophies BEFORE HE EVEN HAD A PS3 EVER CONSIDER THAT??????????
If you a dude, don't say "k" to me. That's gay.
I'm Shaina, the pregnant stripper, for tonight!
I woke up mad energetic I wanna go play a sport or some shit lol
(I love the timeframe: until once upon a time - I'm hooked)
“this is my life. it is my one time to be me. i want to experience every good thing.”
beta is coming along nicely! Look for a soft launch next Thursday!
I "think" they "were?" I'm just glad the guy who wanted to do "It's My Life" by Bon Jovi w/me left before that happened.
give me some mane lol
Recording my Web Series "Things I Love" Can't Wait For You All To See! <3
Can we just start football season already???? <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
oh no! I'm so so sorry! I just said a prayer for her. It's one of the deepest cuts to the heart. I'm so sad for her & family xo
but we got to keep striving to be better always...
The good times of today are the sad thoughts of tommorrow
Thanks for the follow, Kolby! Digging the tunes, man!
Sounds like these owners are not the most forthcoming types.
Wish I was watching barca real Madrid match
Shot more for Eva's music video today. They had ya boy in the wild wild woods, fighting flies and dodging cow dung.. Lol
Trying with some degree of success to get away with slacking.
dad to the rescue
I can't tell if it's snowing, sleeting, or raining!
I want to win the
One strategy I've found works fairly week is to identify coworkers, friends, and peers who use technology in a fun interesting way.
Next Thursday is index Opening Reception, which features two ha! artists: Dominique Zeltzman & Lexie Mountain. Hope to see you there!
And Gruene Hall on Sunday afternoon!!! 4-8pm, Jan 22nd. Hope to see a bunch of y'all at some point this weekend!
4. Your friends has to tweet “Now following because of @’friendtwitterhandle’.” We will announce the winner this Thursday.
Apologized to my son for screaming in public after #SDSU beat #Temple. :)
you're just jealous
Need to figure out why, despite having a lovely day full of great progression, that I think this ginger/tumeric tea is the best part of it
Country bar with my girl friends. Feels good to be home.
“: I hate you” I hate you too love
Want to scream into my pillow, since I can't do that. I'm going to take a nap and scream into that pillow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>.
I'm either going to a tea party or paint balling this weekend. But knowing my friend we will do neither.
Where's the cheapest place for coffee in Seattle?
Cool summer mornings are not to go unappreciated. Great day for biking in a suit!
The reason I wake up in the morning is .. You <U+2665>
You know the problem with living in the reality-based community? Too many damned truth vigilantes.
#MyBmoreSurvivalTips Only take the WaterTaxi on weekdays, its FREE!
So awesome to see what shows up in #Beertown now that we are tracking the hashtag again w/ the remount. Awesome = Hilarious
It's too hard to resist!
Wrong question. The real issue is why do men have to be slackers in movies so often. Speaking as one, we're not interesting.
Did you know that 1 quart size jar of JD's is enough to make 25-30 one cup servings?
Added 35 new bottles to our beer list today - bring some friends and check them out! Full list on our website.
also my dad was 40 years older than me so I didn't get away with the bullshit stuff others got away with doing/thinking/saying :)
thanks for the follow...now following you back :)
sunday is for brunch. 9am-2pm.
lol oh, no! Sorry!
Hey now, I'm tweeting too, Brittany!
#tweetyourweight 173.5 - I hope Obama traffic doesn't make me late for work again.
dude I'm down
It be like a puzzle tryna put you back together
(( sorry. You guys didn't have to do that. Id have been fine on my own. I usually am anyway. Lol. Im distracted as well ))
I have been hacked. Heck I can't fix it from my phone.
I'm thinking of something interesting to ask him! ;)
That is great. I would really be interested in bringing my small guild to your guild if you form a PVP guild.
Sporza says hip so you may be right
The American Cancer Society uses a "Blogger Advisory Council" to help them as a sort of kitchen cabinet says
Thanks to all who participated in Friday's User Group session! To find out more, please email
haha, greatest harry potter moments is trending! i wonder what will be number 1.... all moments are AMAZZINNNGGG.
Ciao, Bella! Italian Style Hits Macy’s Stores Tomorrow with the Alberta Ferretti Collection for Impulse
My bunny is trying to eat whats in my mouth her head is all in my mouth lol
Learned about very cool digital marketing tool today at Cardinal Club!
Always one or the other, never both!!! (RT : Go Ricci! Homerun on field or at the bar? Both?)
Up early to pack, 5pm to nyc and short drive to jersey shore.
Congrats -- ! -- look forward to seeing your vision for the mag....
agreed! Off the dribble game was a clinic! “: No illusion just the best scoring guard in NCAA history!!!”
I'm here in #Boston and was just thinking about a
my love, you're one of the LUCKY ones to be actually working in the field you LOVE. :)
what up Izzy! You check out my new track on my last tweet? Let me know what u think Homie.
...after trying everything for days to get a typekit font to resize, it took moving "font-size" below "font-color." Tons of fun.
Padres swung at 1st pitches in each AB in 1st inning. A cardinal sin & Plantiers responsibility to teach.
Those of you who work at wineries, do you mind people taking pictures while tasting?
I need this #working day to be over...and I need my #dinner to make itself. That'd be
I should probably go to sleep.
Where you work at
Anyone know if the mariners game is sold out tonight?
Sorry #conanobrien - your Donald Trump impersonation looked more like the banjo kid from Deliverance.
So far, #MondayFunday tomorrow is , a bunch of ladies and a dino.
Support desk is relatively quiet. Schools are winding down for the holidays.
thanks for the RT David!
Barbara Baldwin has joined Anne Arundel Medical Center () as Chief Information Officer.
My dad must have blazed that shit up like everyday cause he's paranoid as al hell
Parades are in November, Museums are in February!
I don't have a problem calling girls fat in there faces
"we have a vital national interest in quality of our public schools.A US child in poverty has a 9/100 chance of graduating from 4yr college"
cool RCAH activities this week: helped facilitate "pocket ofrendas" art activity at Day of the Dead event + more learning about assessment
Go to bed!!! ..... and quit cockblocking my
I want some hot wings!
:; we're on it Mahesh!! that was an awesome discussion.
God this crowd is late.
Will be on Fox 59 at 4:45 talking about an exciting new IDOE initiative. Tune in!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Ivy Restaurant - American (live updates)
They only hire monkey killers at this zoo.
We're a new restaurant dedicated to delicious food and sustainable living, 98% of our food is prepared in house so stop in
How do we get this going. Moment of Silence: Power down our Macs, iPods, iPhones, iPads for a minute.
Lord I pray there's a way me and could attend !!! The #EpicNess would be immeasurable!!!!
Sometimes it feels like that on the train!
Ew , I have to take EOC today >.<
I'm a walking Travesty, but I'm smiling at everything</3
I tend to have a violent streak when it comes to mean ppl
long long day at school thrilled to be home(:
Hey I already posted where the NY Rangers are staying in DC right now
How could you push me right out of your world?
18. #Brewers 9 #Astros 6 | Homers are soaring / out of Miller Park tonight / like birds taking flight.
It can't be taught, but it can be learned!
And yet you are cutting most librarians. Hypocrisy! #LAUSD This one is award winning!
hey do you know if kia is playing?
is a punk
I'm not ignoring you. Like my tweet said, the wings were amazing. I def wanna go back sometime soon.
I think he will say yes!
Hi! Thanks for following!
THATS WHAT SHE SAYS EVERY TIME SHE SEES ME! AND THEN SHE ACTS LIKE IM A FREAKING BRAT!
RT : "Relationships are the agents of change and the most powerful therapy is human love." - Bruce Perry
Happy FollowFriday to every of you. You've listened to my rant, rave and go- on for a long time now. Id like to Thank each of you for that.
Gogo dancer that knows asl impressive
Thank you David for the follow!
Another successful day of writing!!
I'm going to go insane one if these days.
Now booking patio parties for the 2011 season.To book call 857-488-5387, always voted one of Boston's Best waterfront restaurants and bars
a kiss on Yo forehead lol
Am I the only one who loves when it rains?
ya bro I'll be there
I promise I'll do it gently
we need to all link up and blow that loud. Doe I have seen you since emu damn my nigga lol
ooh good idea re: chard. I'm not a huge fan of it, but have too much of it in my garden
My mood is getting better <U+E00E>
Hey Chicago fans! Make it out on Monday to to hang out with us and of course, have a couple brews...
Mrs. Woods is annoying..
I am skeptical of this press release. Have you ever seen an officer who was not well-protected? I haven't.
Liner notes reference Colbert in CD benefit for with JimmyBuffett ClintEastwood BradPaisley etc
At the Doug McKenzie Mohr seminar in San Francisco on fostering sustainable behavior change
Well, I kind of don't mind for some minor occupations. Like background checks on people working with kids, elderly, etc.
The GOOD news: I'm up for a Production Director Job at a local, Portland radio company....say a prayer for me, okay???
Hoping God Send Me A Blessing Real Soon... I Need It... I Deserve It... <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
#WOTD: we all hope for this! RT : Just met a 5 year old whose favorite bands are Wilco, Radiohead, and Deathclok
Ya'll ain't shit for blowing up these athlete's twitter like this when they fuck up. Like ya'll regular ass folks are perfect
Great, another double minor...
thanks for the follow! Gossip-Culture.com
are you creepin' ?
looking forward to #clioF11 posts tomorrow on the unstated theme of history poetics. use #clioF11 as a sounding board!
Thirst is not cute at all!
The are coming back!!!! #BoyzAreBack is this real life? Or is this just fantasy ?
WOW what a mess! I am glad you and your belongings are not hurt/damaged.
Waiting at the Post Office to mail ta returns. How did this happen?
I guess yalls cooking isn't coming along to well
Sav's last tweet is basically my life
haha I know :)) all the more reason we should do it!!
Thank you for the follow!
video is dope bro!
...To love someone is to strive to accept that person exactly the way he or she is, right here & now.” ~ Mr. Rogers
Man I think all the presidential canidates are full of crap....
who me or
R.I.P to the blunts we passing in my basement, cremating shit !
hey when your on Dallas a couple of us would love to take you to the mansion for dinner! Gonna love it!
Welcome! Looking forward to your tea-weets, "Education of TEA One Sip at a TIME~"
We are following you Magdalena, have a great day today!
They begin to arrive! RT : People in SFO => short sleeves; me, just arrived from ZRH => North Pole expedition gear.
Up 12 with 1:10 left, Derrick Rose busts his knee jump stopping in the lane. He is being carried off...looks awful.
Watching pretty little lairs... :)
yeah I'm really excited! I wanna get as much college done as possible :D
Rangers had no desperation
these bruises <
have decided to change the name of my blog as well as my #twitter handle. I'm looking to start fresh, and what a better (cont)
What a nightmare! That'd drive me crazy. Fingers crosses that it will be fixed quickly.
I see the national standards gaining momentum - its a good thing. We need to compete globally and this will help (I think)...
ditto “: couldn't imagine being in better company #PRSASummerSocial :-)”
#marathon training cancelled for tomorrow due to ice and cold temperatures. i am not sure to be happy or disappointed?
beautiful day!
lol me too! i don't think we should ever own guns lol
This gum lost it's flavor thoe
Yowza, gna need a complete acoustic set-up aka find some new band members asap
If I say Disney Popcorn, you say___________!
How can you possibly hope to lift the world? How can you be all that you dreamed you will be? It is up to you, So begin!!!!
This leftover cake will make really good bread pudding.
graduation weekend I guess lol. Me and cam are here :)
Of course the pool closes the day I actually really want to go swim some laps
its too early for work right now...
I love me a 'lil 'rican basketball!!!
I hate boring guys!!!
Right, tear down one of biggest class acts in the NFL. Absolutely. Doesn't make you seem petty or idiotic at all.
I bout to put everybody in my cross hairs
New York placements for the Sept 2011 intake hits the 100 mark this week! And counting!
Naw bitch i just want some mouth....
drinks out with my friends in Wanaka. Love this Sunday Funday!
my thoughts exactly!!
Nice! Of those, I personally own the grey wolf and leopard. I LOVE LOVE them all and its fun to switch it up!
Always need mo' NOHO!
indeed, you can't stop, won't stop.
I have been neglecting twitter lately:-(
No problem. So what happened to end your relationship with him?
Got my droid today. Got to say I like it much better than my blackberry!
Falling asleep with contacts in is the worst thing
Today I would like to study Biology. I need to be Biology literate and would also like to teach it (tutor).
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. -Colin Powell
TONIGHT! Hawaiian Luau Beach Party. 6:30pm @ MCPL Mosinee. Storytime,crafts, music,Hula Hoop contest! Hawaiian shirts & flipflops optional!
Meeting starts in 7 minutes!! See you in BH 139!
A lot of activity was happening between the trial of Jesus and the moment when he arose from the dead. Heaven, Earth, and Hell was busy.
love u long time
God Bless Rev, God So Loved the World that He gave his only Begotten son Jesus. John 3:16
RT : Just replicating a credit card transaction with NFC isn't going to excite consumers/merchants. There has to be innovation...
talk about animal cruelty he must like m Vick yuk oh can't get that image out of my head
#IfIRanTheCityForOneNight Let's just say the "hangover" would look like Blue's Clues....
Done! “: #Foodies, you should follow he's brilliant!”
where to tonight?
no problem! thanks for the shoutout :)
How can #pharma and other health organizations get involved in #heartRX and #rxadherence?
#Badgers are allowing the #Spartans to run the clock out now. MSU will go on to the #B1GTourny title game. 1 minute remains in the game
anyone care if I crash at they're house tonight so I know I'll be up for the state fair?
RT Bieber died on the 1st day of the 5th month, half past september, plus the no. of Jesus' facial hairs equals...girl, shut up!
i'm great, but i feel stupid, exam is tomorrow, and i can't everything. ;/ xd
Happy International Women's Day! Everyone should read Half the Sky by to celebrate.
me! But right now I'm not listening to anything. Haha
I got alot of kids they a developed yet
It's been a month <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Thanks for the follow, Cameron. Great to be connected with you!
good for you girl!
Damn guys.
Suddenly I realized that I have two weeks before the AFS meeting and I have like three presentations to prepare. This is so not good.
more from ny -- sfjazz collective smoked at highline ballroom on monday. 3 tunes - cape verdean blues, song for my father, harlandia.
Always so proud to see you killin it! Great job hun!!
was it as bad as the first 2 ?
If you're not following, get on board. Best sports mind in Wisconsin!
...or give as a give-away item for couple of your clients?
Whoa... Twitter's getting violent tonight... This is better than watching television.
From Reuters: "...and bin Laden never really understood foursquare and his first check-in turned out to be his last"
Luxor Evolved Is The Same Great Marble Popping Game You Love In An All New Package - AppAdvice
What is your all time favorite Tom Hamilton home run call?
Some kind of liberal hippie "school should be free" thing in UN commons.
wow lets go LA
CyberSecurity Bill Passes in House: No Tack-on for Internet Poker
New Supernatural episode in less than 2 hours on the CW.
LOLOL Justin bieber just appeared on my tv
RT : The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter. -Mark Twain
watching jimmy kimmel and researching the Chicago Cheaters
make music for the ladies then the niggas will buy it by2pac
Computer manufacturers lobby against "gray-marketing." This refers to the resale of used computers after repair and refurbishing.
i can't believe that is at yale and i'm not. it's one of my dreams to see him talk live in person. and to act w him, but baby steps.
Leading worship for both morning chapels at Indiana Wesleyan University(). So excited!!!
Really shouldn't drink on Sunday's especially when you have an exam the next day. #regretting it
So excited for our second Sunday in the new building! Don't miss the new series "Changed"!
sounds like you had fun last night. Sorry we missed out.
RT : Road Trip #Taos, #NM: ..the journey of self-transformation that you can unearth off the beaten path.....
WTF? Just tuned in! : I am officially disowning all radio in laredo... No more espn radio. Sucks balls. What about. ?
my first class isn't until 2pm... so i have a good while
I'm afraid I could get reeeaaaallly into #gameofthrones ... Like, I may dress up like the "Dragon Mother" for Halloween into it..
Scott County leads Ballard 7-0 and the end of the first quarter.
CCD ? << Omg i take that class at #church Thursdays!! I'm getting ready to be confirmed in May :D
i wish my boyfriend woukd wake up
I cant my mom just got out of the hospital so im her full time nurse now. She has to get chemo and a lot of other things
Third best thing about dating a pastry chef. Awesome desserts. Yes!!!!!
happy birthday... i luv u
i might take a nap . text me
we'll do our best. If you have any suggestions feel free to DM us. Thanks!
When you played on OTH did you know that your character would become a singer
Actual Dollars For Junk Cars Client Testimonial... I am very impressed. Great customer service! Great pay out for my car!! Great......
I can't wait to see the #TheSimpsons episode tomorrow!!!!
haha! I was filming as well. We were going past our wrap time, but I didn't mind. I <3 it! That's what I meant!
Don't be a Richard!
um not wrong at all. If you are a #daddy you do it year round! No validation needed
sigh. that moment when a poster has both niall and selena and they both look gorgeous.
Brewers lose, but it was cool seeing Braun get his MVP trophy.
"exploit" ;) RT : Share your favorite words to use instead of ... leverage <ick>
YES! #phillies win!
Bout to relax & watch the thunder smash on the lakers
Life is an adventure in forgiveness. -Norman Cousins
#itsucks when your 6lb. dog decides to wake you up at 6:30....
approaches her show like the professor she is: allowing differing opinions to be expressed freely.She needs to point out flaws
Are u coming back to Hawaii ?
I'm all ready tucked in not feeling well at all. Ready for some good rest and a brighter tomorrow. Can somebody give me a amen?
The question is....would you drink it?
Rage. A murderous rage, rampant within every fiber of my being. But to lie is to survive, and i have every intention to live.
I didn't mean I was necessarily done talking, I had just fired off a slew of posts without waiting for a reply.
Getting ready for Hopocalypse barleywine, Breakfast stout, Jumbleberry Cream Ale, and Sno Ball Porter on tap.
me too and a couple signs
#edumooc learning analytics is what most intrigues me at this time
Kota gets mad/jealous about in general. He's lucky i dont drone on and on about <3
Hey, everyone, author has broken down and joined us here in the Twitterverse. Give him a "Howdy!" and a follow, why don't ya?
Done & forgotten
Thanks for tuning in!
RT RE brokerages that are embracing technology will win. Those who want to turn back the clock will lose.
Beyonce could of won like really now.
it's a known issue in 2.0. For now best to use classic interface, but fix is being tested
Well you're the guy that dated her...so...?
I'm convinced I'm winning Mega Millions tonight.
#Airfares are going up $5 per day after today for the #holidays! Buy now guys!
How'd I miss THAT story. He WHAT?! iShant. Shouldn't he just sit quietly and be happy he's not in prison?
will you be my 101st follower pretty please??! :)
Happy Father's Day to Dad and all you fathers out there! Being a Daddy is my favorite role!
I love my #LIBR046 class. Excellent group presentations today on topics in
Love the idea that Harvard Library should be like Rushdie's sea of stories, fluid and recombining. Adding to my reading list.
OK girls, who is the hot blond guy with the bow and arrow?
Ha this is funny, #google's new tag line for #google+ is "Sharing but like real life."
Nobody loves their school anyway. Stfu. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
dog hair getting on me < Yuck! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
“: Don't miss this weekend's Art in Bloom museum. #artinbloom” we'll be there!
Quicker checkout at Kroger. Took 12 minutes for 2 items at Marsh, Only 2 minutes at Kroger for 7 items earlier this evening
If you're anti-pit, you're anti-dog.
you should! This is how we hook kids on science and exploration!
ha! or a fudge bar from the good humor man
Tonight: San Jose workshops! Word on the street is that the kids are getting burritos.
Bald head is a cut u can do at home y pay for it in a shop
don't forget to look both ways before crossing Willy St. these days.
thank you for following us, we hope to grow our business and start hiring soon!
Thanks for the tweetin' love San Antonio!!!
I signed up too!
oh guuuuurl! Did it look like she look like she applied her make up via shotgun?
If you like to connect with people making a difference check out
"hold me closer Tony Danza" LOLZ
First show of 2011 confirmed. Pete Miller's in Wheeling on March 5th!!!!!
RT : RIP Coach Wooden. Lived strong for 99 years.
A daughter is a treasure - and a cause of sleeplessness.
no the weekend?
I'am... I hear you Joyce.
Hurley shirt... black jeans... vans...
U damn right.
Im watching i just want my pants back and this dude was wearing a shirt
Haha is that where you'll be? Only one I've been at is Towson
ILL ROLL WIT CHU... RT : Who tryna ride with me to the mall?
To json, sure. I was thinking of building the tables of an RDBMS.
thatts it im coming in there and im finna kick youur ass
How was the trip? (:
I'm happy that is happy that I'm happy that is happy!
Browns intersquad scrimmage this Sunday at North HS. We will also be playing Colorado School of Mines on February 5th in Golden, CO.
Like to Guest Bartend? Get your Sorority and take over our bar!
Five Big10 teams in top four seeds as projected by USAToday.
ohh no apologies, im obviously full of shame and embarrassment that Im just now watching on TUESDAY NIGHT. Soo late.
back from Reno, I know why there is a NO in the name
If it's any consolation, mine looks like a 5th grade art project. Or, as my fam told me, "somebody else' will be worse."
Jerk seasoned salmon on a bed of spring mix with blueberries, blackberry, orange segments, shallots, olive oil and salt and pepper.
LOL MY COMPUTER AUTO CORRECTED IT FUCK U
The DH today with George Mason has been postponed bc of inclement weather and will be played at 5 p.m. on Tuesday, May 1.
can't wait!
Examples of "other avenues": genre, typography, cinematography, layout, color, political or historical context, musical style!
WANTED: Musical Talent to write/record musical awesomeness with. Drop me a line at www.reverbnation.com/everettleesimpson. Retweet please!
Barn door's open
If it were up to you, what would the legal driving age be?
We specialize in Bankruptcy, Foreclosure, credit card debt, criminal law, DUI, immigration and probate. Call (909) 890-0105
time change? Lol
its hard as hell!! Trust me I know how it feels!!
congrats and safe travels! You'll have an amazing time.
Guess what? That advice you gave me helped. I swear your are the gnarliest advice giver!
miss your face too. i'll be in indy next week for work... maybe we can meet up Sun eve?
hahahhahahahhahaha I'm the queen of self-invites actually I practically invented it, ill text u in a bit!
Are you referring to tweetdeck or hootsute?
fans, what drink do u put in ur Red Solo Cup?
Thanks for trying! I've heard great things about y'all! Look forward to visiting on my next trip to ATX!
hello Monday! I'm ready for you so whatcha got???
RT : A friend with cheese is a friend indeed.
Hey, chica! This one was with a digital SLR - I haven't tried the iphone yet, about to tho...we shall see..
Obama seems to have more multisyllabic words on this plot, which is interesting...
Suprise party for my dad. !
Is it because he's rich and handsome? Witty & fun? Smart & sexy? I can see how a girl might hesitate to settle for that kind of guy…
Pepsi just has a much better flavor than coke
Won't connect with every women's topic obvs, but know what it's like to be a striving/flailing 20-something in NYC and it nails that.
is the funniest nigga on my timeline got me rollin
because you would love the sound of your own voice?
I'm sorry, but who are you?
live in the moment:)
So i have to get a SHOT to get into SU .. i hate SHOTS :/
She loves me she loves me not, she loves me she loves me not... Come on guys lesbihonest, I'm gay i could give a fuck less! :)
Good start by the Pacers....very aggressive. Forcing Heat to play their game.
have fun, girls!!
HOOK 'EM HORNS!!! And happy thanksgiving Rooke!!
ok b good don't go peeing on the cross late at night
& how big is that air mattress you own?
Stuck in my basement no internet guys putting hardwood floors over the 4th
my mom asks why me and my ex best friend aren't friends on facebook... she replies with saying it's probably because I'm not rich enough
Thanks for the great webinar on an introduction to the #businesscatalyst API. Can't wait to learn about BCGurus Pro as well.
I have been remiss in thanking recent followers! Thank you so much-I look forward to learning and collaboration!
Thanks for the follow!
I am so excited lol. I almost feel like I am going to meet a celebrity (weird as it sounds)
" voted to fund a trial of vinyl seat covers to replace the familiar fabric seats..." "Familiar" is not the word I would use!
I can't believe it has been 13 years! Time really does fly! Congrats! Happy 13th Anniversary Millennium!!
6Am service at fcbc...now west a at 11am....churchin all day..get here!
Kanye West retweeted Kim Kardashian oh my God it must mean they're getting married.
Fuck it I'm going to Monk's
if you were wearing a lime-colored dress I'd be so turned off. Melons are so much sexier!
another 4 pack tonight at 8 w/ the #HotFacebook5At8 to see tomorrow at ! Count down w/ & Keep track!!
I'm playing FFXI and drinking. This can't end bad. Unless I go fishing.. right ?
My moms telling me to do my bed when im bout to go to bed in like 4 hours
just finished Catching Fire!
BOUT TO ROCK COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT FOR MY NYE WARMUP!! BIG PARTIES TONIGHT & DEFINATELY TOMORROW!!!!
OMG that makes me happy!
Am so sorry to hear that about your lunch! Possible to email me at ? Would love to make it up to you.
lol..bad girl,go to my room..lmao.
WHOO HOO.. MISSED TWEETING.. BEEN BUSY THE LAST 3 DAYS.. BACK AT IT.. MISSED YOU GUYS!! FOLLOW ME.. MISS ALEXIS TODD
Kanye And Jay-Z Playing Otis At The VMA'S!!!!!!
Damn it!
Michigan will get there again, someday. In David Brandon we trust.
Puddin' at Puddin'. So much better than any cupcake.
Cant get home cause obama is block all the streets to my house?
Maybe a sample of the new song im workin on. Hmm maybe.
Tell Ur Boys From The Octegon To Hit Up My Publicist Ro Make This Work
Need a new buddie !!!
Have a great Saturday #fortwayne!
Nobody deserving to win this at this point
Hey Man, thanks for the Retweet. Very much appreciated! I hope you sell a million books! You're a prolific writer! THX
ha its cute that you even ask about super canton...
Hope you're having a nice weekend! :-)
that Pinker term is infuriating. though it makes me more interested than ever to know the biological explanation for music…
It's the best!
I agree. It's almost 5!
where does the 3O day number come from for discharge summary?
IFFLA slate of documentaries is awesome. www.indianfilmfestival.org
alright . im listening to jonas brothers ,
just tried to reply to your message but you have to follow us first for me to send the message.
I really don't know why I'm friends with you... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Omg omg omg omg. This is a panic attack. I'm so fucking dumb.
Do you need to build a PMO and have too little time and too many priorities? Here's a two-part article to help you!
Thank You:). I'm live on radio interviews most of the time although some interviews are recorded and air later..;)
Ready for THE BIG BLUE to go 16-0 in SEC !! GO CATS !!!!!
Off to eat with my best friends :)
I'm watching Living Single, and just being awesome. What's going on in your neck of the woods.
Congrats to TCU. The Badgers played hard but didn't make all of the plays we needed. This hurts.....
who is ready for IN FEAR AND FAITH, CONFIDE, and UPON A BURNING BODY?
Thanks to the Artists who have submitted music for our shows! Remember to check the schedule to see what night your genre will be played!!
Just heard ft. "Oh Darling" on the radio! Congrats man! Good jam, good luck to you bro!
"Perry to slam Obama..." on NYT today instead of the usual "Perry slams Obama..." now we have preemptive slamming?
Sweet Jesus... Lavar Johnson sure knows how to bring the thunder. Barry was out on his feet before crumbling to the mat.
Big show next Thursday....in Santa Cruz!! EDM Electro/&Old Skool Rap & Hip Hop --- The Red 1003 Cedar St. 9:30 pm - 2 am...
Getting ready to grab life by the throat & choke it!! Seems that is the only way to succeed.. Like TBS.. Life.. VERY funny..
I don't believe you.
we hope to come to san fran in the next couple of months. We'll let u know!
Oh yeah no no I called you just 2 talk it was nothing important really don't worry about it, it's fine But the 2nd time I called
Still can't believe we lost.. =| oh well goodnight world
You said it, Gulliver.
Hey whts up
Where's the beach ?
Well, the anatomy class is obviously dissecting; my classroom smells like a mortuary.
Another trip to LA from the UK & I don't even hear you'll be in my town?!? Hope all is well with you. Would love to catch up.
I'm hungry.
Big is the new small.
drinking in south Florida is an experience that one should never have to endure!
As we topped the hill everyone on the bus stopped for a moment to bask in the sunset.
What a blast! It'll be hard to top today's show!
Never worry bout a thing
If you want me to fall for you, you have to give me something worth trippin over <U+E056><U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E>
follow he is super intense as well :D
I'll see you tomorrow for sure <3
Sometimes its not called being "Phony" its called "learning to let things go, forgive, and be the bigger person!"
Enjoying a little Caged on MTV
Shout out to our board members: Derek Lewellen (Leadership Tulsa Class 46) & Billye Kraus (promoted) - Thank you for your work for YST!
": Never made varsity but I fuckin' ball ." 14 fuck school
that's the key issue we have to prove on Nov.
sometimes the simplest things are the hardest
I just remembered whats gonna play at mine and wedding :)
Let's not forget about Kemba RT : RT : The year of the weird name! Charl, Jimmer, whose next?
A cat on the lap is worth two in the sink.
.it over get .advertising false is advertising of lots .this exemplifies really lawsuit nutella the .stupid so are americans
I came up with a super clever spot to put something so that I wouldn't lose it... didn't work so well.
Who do you think you are, some school teacher from Waco TX?
if they ever filmed kickball games, I'm sure you'd make #webgems!
Omg #BelieveTour dates ? <U+2665> I need to be good now ;o
So hoping it would be #ChrisMann or but happy for
Ok, we need to have a contest for the best Effeminate Lemming image. @ it, DM it, hotlink it, just do it. Prize? Booze!
Oh, running into exes on the metro. Always an awkward time.
We know it's NOT "Does this make me look fat", "You don't make enough money" OR "I am too fat"....
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!10
I didn't even think about that!
Earlier this week, our PR30 arrived, and was installed in the studio. We look forward to recording many great shows with it!
Been a long day s/o to Byron Luv and the homie Shelo we shot another episode for 75215 series then my football game, ya boy wore out
aye, the signing of the emancipation proclamation should be a holiday!
Selling scrap iron="New revenue stream."
Loved the movie. Hated the immaturity of the audience I saw it with.
Only 12 more fans to hit our first bench mark of 900 fans!!!
Swerve on em
Me to co-worker: Those people smelled so delicious!
Homes opens Camberley's Waples Mill this wkend in Fairfax VA - amazing range of structural/design choices shown on touchscreen!
Thanks Erik, that's clear- good luck with the paper-
im making it. Where u at now? Wasnt u moving around alot ?
George Hamilton with #AaronsBowtie you mean.
i cant smoke no kush but i run threw them hoes and i aint talkin bout Reggie Bush
Last week's diagnosis=gluten allergy. After days of pity parties today I embrace my new gluten-free life. Bfast=1 mango, rice cracker w/ PB.
Ok good, thanks! Will try it.
Instagram on or #teamiphone? Either way follow us on instagram at
That's annoying.
: what movie you on?
#Allergy avoidance tip: Change or empty your home’s HEPA filters, and don’t forget about the filters in your AC and clothes dryer, too
Always tired
Bought a pack of boxer briefs, threw out the maroon pair. TLM.
I need to get bachelorette party supplies and I'm headed to Castleton tonight. Anyone know if there is a party store up there?
Tatoo party going down tonight @ S in Fayetteville, nc.4939 Bragg Blvd. After party @ king of diamonds 7043 cliffdale rd doors open @ 2 am
jesus christ, that's a pretty face. the kind you'd find on someone that could save.
Money maker <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
#car2gosandiego is a pretty cool idea. .35-cents a minute. Wow!
Had a lovely day with Alex Holland and the crew!
Wife is like a boxed Apocalypse?
I hate boring.
Should kof13 be best of 3 all the way through the tournament or should winners, losers, and grand finals be best of 5?
I really enjoy you movies!! Make more, make me happy! I nice when I am happy! hehe!! Have a great holiday weekend!
Team Don Jr. Obviously.
Somebody had to go
Good morning #Burbank!
Starting this mornin off wit some coffee and a hookah bowl!
No you just my new follower that's all.
Josh and Jennifer Are Secretly Married. (;
Love Steve "The Snapper" Jones.
A convo meant to promote meditation has ensured that none of us will ever meditate.
It's like someone peeing coffee.
Anyone wanna pre meet for illfest?
I'll be ready at least I'll have make up on I forgot to put it in today
I love you. Just thought you should know that. RT if you absolutely love ur fans
Looking for some FREE family fun today? Join 90.5 Air 1 from 11a-3p at the One Life Festival at Verizon Wireless Music Center in Noblesville
you too Buddy looking forward to more time and social change for the better
Why do people cheat with RECKLESS looking individuals ?????? -_-
Labor intensive practice begins RIGHT NOW
So kind of you! Thank you! Keep in touch!
Damn. I'm almost at my weight during my sophomore and freshmen year.
sure about that ? xD
Get the chalk, Williamson! Another chapter done.
Happy 4th of July to all my #BBN friends!!
is cold at work again today...I gotta remember to pack my SNUGGIE in my car :(
needs more
On the final day of intensive radiation treatment, Mario Lemieux made the trip to Philadelphia to play in the Penguins-Flyers game.
Merry christmas ! Get to be with the fam and my baby :)
Shaq looks like he is letting the crew box him out of this halftime show!
Has anyone else heard this Eliza Doolittle song, Rollerblades? Loving it. And who does it remind you of?
How You Know You're a Nerd: You look into NY Comic Con as a bachelorette party idea. (Too bad it overlaps with the wedding...sigh.)
Poor monkey! I'm right there with ya in the doldrums. Nothing a little improv night won't cure. Mi casa. Manana. 8.
GO ! Never thought I would hear you say that about exercise! I love you too! xoxo
To my friends and peepers, have a happy valentines day
Well that's just pathetic, chap ;) xox <U+2665>
Listening to Take Me Home by Bone Thugs and Phil Collins at the Light Rail stop in Lutherville really hoping I do get home soon!
Sorry Jessica, we had some server issues. Contact me at
did u get my text?
While it looks great, perhaps I should print out the cover letter w/o my signature.jpg and sign it myself.
Look at me confusing my tweets with text. brain dead at ces
yes. A based on a true story film. Plus I have a couple of shorts I'm trying to tidy up.
That is me me me me;)
I want a birthday tweet from my bandboy crushes ;)
#FavoriteClothingBrand ALWAYS & FOREVER
alright thanks man lmaooo
whoa! I hope everything was resolved peacefully.
Well, I have my laptop literally on my lap now… not sure how much closer is safe to get.
I love you :)
text me back women
I DONT POP NO AK......... T>T> SAY I DONT POP NO AK T>T> SMOKE LIKE I PLAY REGGAE SHE LOOKING FOR SOME LOVE BABY GIRL I AM NOT RAY J
u been gettin them rain checks
just stuck my finger in a cigarette lighter from a car...now its burnt as mug and brown and smells like burnt skin...
I have recurring dreams about being chased by a giant shark in a flooded mall
sounds like Pippen so far
I hope you have secured your ticket to because this show will sell out!!! Aug 29th!
1st order of business when back in the States, Spanish classes. Second, salsa lessons. Sorry Persian and flamenco, u have to wait for now.
Hi David!! I hope you are having a great afternoon?? :))
id let you fall asleep on the phone with me any time
yeah but its all good, I'm at my second work site now so its all good things will just get done when they get done
We have power, internet, comfy chairs... and are even giving out pie this afternoon, allegedly.
My cousin Malik has been performing with Clyde & his band the B3 Bombers.
We're heading to today! Hope to see some familiar faces and make new friends of MAU. We'll be there all weekend.
Tonight, TV's most pretentious fake personality interviews radio's least pretentious host.
oh boy, this is gonna be tough to win you over to the old man's side
Thanks !! :) Following
lol, but how do you make a video? and then upload it?
Having high-pressure water hose related revenge fantasies about those setting off fireworks outside my window.
A couple of my students are learning #Daytripper & it's really comin together! I love this job :)
thanks for stopping by today! “: . in my belly and love in my heart. #dumplingcoma in 5... 4... 3... 2...”
hope you're thinking about what you want to add to our #SummerBucketList. Composition this week! <3
Day one in the studio knocked out...It's on!!!!
Those are my only two options? How about: sarcastic... simplistic.. pointing out your overuse of hyperbole?
go forth and do it...
Still working my way through nip/tuck OMG - his performance was INSPIRED!!! What a GREAT actor. Love great character actors
so so true!!
Hot wings <3
Remember that our friends at open tomorrow at their new location!!
It is a beautiful day for an open house. Take a look at 125 15th st NE. There are 5 units and they are gorgeous!
I swear the only good thing about going to my dads is getting a break from my mother!!!
good tweet
#c2css12 "Faculty: There's an app for that!" Anibal Pachenco
Good to meet you last night... Hope you don't smell too much like smoke this morning. Psh... Campfires.
Ooh, your brother sounds cute! I have to admit I have a think for beards. :)
you're on psn?
2 Days left until we find our lucky $1000 winner! If you haven't signed up yet do it now. No purchase necessary just Like our Facebook page
How did your session go? Good Turnout? Any Discussion? Tricky Questions? I want details!
I love my job, but some days I don't want to spend my Saturday illustrating an olde-fashioned lemonade ad featuring a cartoon Ice-T.
100% positive I could never be mad at you in my entire life
I hate it when I'm waiting for a text from someone :/
Thanks, Donna! Glad that you enjoyed COVENANT!
so many projects going on @ the same time !!!!!!!!!
Bet they start crying in the locker room...yall know who I'm talkin bout lmao
I cant wait to go home(: about an hour and a half to go
I had so much fun writing Sunday's column about an eBay deal gone awry.
thank you :)
We are gearing up for #HPmkt. The team will be there on Monday! Can't wait to see some of our faves.
Now Playing: Cody Simpson What You Want
The only good thing about Bob Evans is that they have wifi. Praise God I brought my iPad for this, my last Black Friday shopping experience.
This shit is makin my headache go away ... Win
going good. Team lol
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory
We Working! In the A room with , and making
Ancient Aliens is the best show!
Asdfghjkl JUSTIN'S IN VEGAS TOO?! I wish I could stalk them. Wait, I can. Twitter. Muahahahaha.
Thanks for the RT! Those cookies sound delish.
Is Lionel Messi playing for the Rangers tonight? Plenty of hitting the post in this. #rangers having a crack
Kiss da baby!!!
just enough to pay me for all the "favors" I've done for you lol right now im applying for the pool down here in Dunbar
wait the front front or the stairs to go into the auditorium? Lol
I must be on peoples bucket list cuz they try and do me and then its curtains
The struggle continues in 2012. Don't stop dreaming or working hard to realize your dreams. How do you get to freedom? 1 step at a time.
I'm afraid to start playing again, last time I played a font think I slept for days lol
Dr. Bernice King thanks Truett Cathy for the heart print, the hand print and the legacy he's created that will impact unborn generations.
What would you have done? Too early to bring in dotel/etc, guys on the roster, you don't like him send him down, if not he pitches
ha. I meant Talk.
thanks for the RT! P.s: I always grew up wanting to be "Ariel" (!!!)
“: The Lord will make perfect that which concerns me - Psalm 138:8
wow! How so?
Ridiculously tough loss.
Living healthy iz not about livin longer its about livin a better quality of life while you are alive. I mean feelin and lookin good longer^
I just got finished with my home work!!!BOARING ME TO DEATH!!!but now its ok cause the torcher is over!!:))))))
Music is my life <3
He () just asked what the Red Balloon is.
so outta the loop.. I have no idea what's going on considering my butt's been glued to my floor for hours
headed over to 's appt to musk up for tonight. He insisted I come over to show me the new line of fragrance from
haha sorry bro but Blake's got this (: ! But good luck to you (: your Gunna need it ! (: hahaha
Walk to remember will always make me CRY MY EYES OUT!! School tommorrow
If the #Dodgers can sell for $2 billion, what do you think that an NFL franchise could go for these days?
I agree. But love can make you weak like that.
My tounge freaking hurts I but it like 5 times today in that same place ):
tx for letting us know. Mayor Ballard picks the polling sites pursuant to state law & we'll be sure to pass this on to his office
First and now ? What the heck do we have to do to have quality shows w/women?
follow back :)
Tell em how you really feel!
2 reasons that couldn't happen: 1) Can't serve dairy at the meal b/c of kosher restrictions, 2) GF despises eggplant.
steven told chris to change the time for cosmic bowling on saturday
I look for a Katy aperture one at least twice a week
The sun! Oh,how I love you!
About to watch Insidious. Haven't seen a good horror flick in a while. We shall see...
Number 6:24 God bless you and keep you,!
Thanks! That's where I'm working by the way. Keep up the good work. Cheers!
Ya,time to bed now. My eyes are fighting so hard. :-) Sweet dream for App codes.
Pretty sure it's Irie Michael Bolton, but I don't have my barber shop poster handy.
I may not be the richest dude in town but I've got a pocket full of patience. is the mall still open? lol
We are
Your very welcome. <3
Enjoying family and friends!
Just blocked some of these spamers
How much is a ticket?
Fantasy baseball is getting underway! Whos excited?
Travis Parrott wins the US Open mixed doubles title!
Nothing like basketball practice to make things better.
O.K. now #Family Guy has officially grossed me out. Stop puking!
Tuesday May 22 #DC free workshop: Transform Your Life Through #Meditation 7:30PM at Northwest One Library 155 L St #NWDC 202-939-5946
God how Tayler do?? (:
Katharine Macphee singing at Rockefeller Center!
Really intrigued by the Challenge. Great way to let fans participate and own the fundraising and potential reward experience.
I feel like people are totally ignoring how good of d Afflalo is playing on Kobe. Just watch how difficult the shots are that he has to take
2 more hours to go
Lmfao!! Shes so sneaky with that..
I was about to go H.A.M. on here about something. But that would be me going back to my old ways...
So, tired but I have to continue studying..
RT OH "in general, I like to aspire to a level of quality above 'fucking broken'"
I can't believe I didn't do it as a student. Weather + sailing are a match made in heaven.
Hahaha yeah i know rite:D
www.myfreetrainer.com has some interesting stuff. Their podcast is not bike specific. I'll keep my eyes open...
You're truly living the life.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there. Hold on to your mother tight while you can.
Should students learn entrepreneurship, free enterprise & capitalism in school? Why we say yes. bit.ly/oBEpO2
Ha! well, it's sure to be the sweetest month.
Just mailed a bunch of post-it notes to Cascade High School. Enjoy them.
@"We Miss Michael Jackson" I loved Michael Jackson too Miss Him But WHAT about MISS WHITNEY HOUSTON...BAstards
OMG! That dress just made me gasp!! STUNNING!
So sad, I have been following this one too.
With the Cold Weather approaching, please watch out for changes on classes at KDA. If you have any ?? contact 719-325-6234. Stay Warm!!!!
Grabbing coffee before day #2. Best to & !!
too easy otherwise
New underwear & new sunglasses <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
It's so hot, can't get comfy. And I havent had a good fart in days. put me on no fart dog food.
Austin Beutner suggests retooling the Percent for Art program to be used for arts ed.
those should have never been relationships!
Time to unfollow every AC Milan fan
The laundry is teaching children racism.
lmao spans social circles and generational gaps.
follow me back? my sis is the one in the pic with you at prom last night!! (:
Heidi Klum and Seal have confirmed that they are getting a divorce after seven years of marriage. They were considered the happiest couple.
FOLLOW BDS BEAUTIFUL MODELS............
Right, so me and my brother get a new phone.. The SAME kind of phone, yet he still claims his is better just 'cause it's his.
...just in case he fell into the steeplechase water hazard
aren't u calling this a little early? Cincy still working on being
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Mentadent Floss Holders and most oral care products.
Off to the Reading Royals Pink in the Rink game in Reading, PA. ECHL Hockey.
o I gotcha but yeah the food was good were u waiting on someone
I'm don't with my ratchet pictures (;
#IamAStanBecause unlike Tech N9ne and Busta Rhymes you can actually understand what Em is saying when he raps fast
Welcome Taylor!
If you love her, let her AND everybody else know. If you don't, stop acting like it.
Any nigga that can put tears to my eyes ant the one for me
You can think someone is cool until you really get to know them....
i bet you dont still have them textbooks tho
Not even winter yet, but we're already thinkin' Fun 4th 2011. So excited - we just booked the fab Celtic band The Rogues! www.therogues.com
We've lost too many from that generation in the last year. :( TY.
Thank you for sending us the invite for #Yelp Eats! We appreciate the consideration. Hope we get chosen from
if we have 4 in the convo not enough characters to type a thought!
I prefer country music over rap. My friends have really influenced my lately &
And now I can say congrats on your Magic Magazine review. :-)
Found phone charger!! So not excited for school tomorrow and soo not ready for cheer practice:((
This Day, April 23, In Jewish History by Mitchell A. Levin - Cleveland Jewish News (blog)
Motorcycling Tip: Pretend to be invincible.
Did you see our Mothers Day's animated logo on myTab.co? Yep, we're going all out on heels & flowers to celebrate you gifting mom a trip!!
Frenchgay is restored to favor?
May the Fourth be with you!
do they think not talking about it will make it go away? What a dangerous policy. We should talk about the dangers of drugs
hey how are you
thanks :) i made it on photoshop and gave it to my friend who's in the band with me for her birthday
All OVS men are invited on July 31 for the Mens' Club brunch and chance to volunteer on various projects at the synagogue. No RSVP needed.
Does anyone know where #bono is having dinner in
Veterinary researchers reveal new treatment method for cytauxzoonosis in cats With more cats now exposed to this tick-borne disease, a ne
am wondering if i could meet up with you for project i would like to discuss? ilona
Sometimes i like wen a people text me first <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Crazy turnout meetup w/ captivating talks by + Brian English on slum mapping + #opendata empowerment
It was a psychoanalysis joke.
rock marathon and painting class homework!
.... Yeah, a white tank top! Which turned to see-through. Lol
thank you Ellen- what are your weekend plans?
I actually watched Hearns/Hagler last week. Round 1 was best round in boxing history.
Great movie!
Bossed me around I was tired of it!!! So ya goodbye
oh hai k?
I just want an iPhone :(((((
LOL it's funny you said that because there is a street by me called 'Falling Heath' and I always read it as Failing Health. :)
“: we are the marlins, the miaaammmiiii marlins <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC>” Everything is great in the Sunshine State!
I'm all layed up because of MTSS, anyone want to keep me company?
Getting ready to announce details about the return of CreateBaltimore: Jan. 21 at Stay tuned!
Just saw the new Bruce tour dates.Say it ain't so, Boss! No Milwaukee?! I'm just dancing in the dark, on this lonesome day.
I'm getting ready to land the biggest deal of my life, I'm going to FED-Ex all my prayer for this "3-D without glasses product" to work!
Up early on an off-day. School work, taxes, watch Opening Day.
i knoww (: now i have 306:D
man keepin my sister worth a good hunnit dollas minimum
im just saying biotch
It is interesting especially when ESPN employees and CBSSports is telling people to turn to cnn
Freelancing! Thanks for reading.
Good Night :)
no I'm getting it. Or you can just buy me one
so, about our wedding..
Get your healthy on w/our Salmon & Asparagus Salad dinner special then get your Irish on w/our Irish Crème Brule for dessert, tonight only
sounds like a long Monday
Just overheard the following "that's quite a different kettle of fish"
Watching 40 year old virgin. Laughing my ass off. Seriously I can't even feel my ass.
thanks for this
oh girlfriend welcome to the gfree/lactose free side!! I'm the president.. Let me know if you have questions <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
lol I SEE..
I have an exam tonight :( who is playing?
#10ThingsIHate when my phone freezes -__-
I will email you some info.. Please forward your real email address and we can get started!
and here's 100
you love it
l am loving #scandal! ! Great reason to ignore chores and work. Couching it w/wine and the puppy.
You gonna be there? will be 2. Hope 2 c u. RT : you should come to Phoenix, AZ 4
Sadly enough it was that eventually made me a Mac user. I've yet to find a dell product that lasts very long with breaking.
That's also a form of icky faux authority to me. Stop talking about it and be about it.
Thanks! When "My Own Fingerprint" website launches, shipping to Europe will be possible:-D Stay tuned!
Will " the Thrill " Middlebrooks, great start ....keep it up kid. Go Sox !!
They're reporting that porn was found on some of Bin Laden's drives (or something of the sort); I'm dying to find out if it was LGBT-relat.
Everything at Car Crafters Collision was handled well.
Vigilance Urged 1 Year After Osama Death Federal officials are urging vigilance ahead of the one-year anniversary of the death of Osama b
CASTING! Do you know anyone in a DESTRUCTIVE relationship? Must be in SoCal or Atlanta area! Email your story to
#ChulaVista council also looking at possible changes to City Attorney's office. A new legislative counsel needed to handle conflicts?
TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!Happy Birthday To Me:)
Also if there is anything we can do2help u 2 promote via #SocialMedia, it is our pleasure 2 help!Everything 4 such a noble cause!
I lost 4 buy-ins about as fast as humanly possible at Lucky Lady. Just got back to even. Game is still good.
holding on to what i believe in & no1 can take that from me
Lunch rockin, patio open. Get N early start call it a day and enjoy the sun with us at pub.
Back in Denver and its chilly
Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul.
#mla12 #s305 Nilges: Lack of movement and change defines omnipresent "now." "New" absorbed into "now."
saying something is "fresh"
LOL! No.. But there was some ballet on the side streets when I deduced no one was looking...
your neck mustve been hurting after that sleep huh o_O
I'm not sure if I have an end of semester headache or a lack of dissertation progress headache.
YOU COME HOME , YOU CLEAN , YOU COME HOME
I think you're amazing talented. I am betting I will see you accept many awards in the future :)
damn right was awful, to watch cant stand pitchers not throwing strikes especially being one....he is shaken
when doubt creeps in, never forget God is faithful. "i am w/ you all the days (perpetually, uniformly, & on every occasion)..." (matt 28:20)
The biggest downside of being a woman is that I'll never be Knighted.
Only the present is real. It contains the fullness of the world and the fullness of spirit at the same time.
Ok, I'm so relaxed, and my movie stopped. Too lazy to get up to put in another movie.
First spring practice starts in one hour.
Gingrich says "what liberals don't understand is that you can't put a gun rack in a Volt." I think we're okay with that.
Anyone in the airline business that can help a brother out? Kind of urgent. Thanks.
what did Barrett say in the interview?
Big step today: I sent my first research project approval letter as an IRB analyst.
yes. I'm excited that your part of ddc XD that's the best thing ever. (:
@ NYU class tonight. Busy day today.
#oomf want me to hook her up with #oomf i guess im playing matchmaker this weekend.
Apple reportedly to debut two new iPad models next year, more than double battery life
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea
Watch the 25th Anniversary cast (which was on PBS), or the silent film. Avoid the Gerard Butler movie.
sup cutie (:
hollywood is great...til you get to the other side of the hill. lol
Forget novels, #wikileaks has all the drama you need: lecherous leaders, political intrigue, moral greyness & a david-vs-goliath storyline
I'm going to bed. Goodnight.
super chic!
"I don't wanna go" in my big daddy voice!
McNabb can't catch a break. Vick should play safety.
Happy b-day friend!
I just transcribed an interview for my blog and the process simply sucks. Great interview but transcribing it drained me.
#justintee3 !!! I like the second one too though....like a lot
oops, sorry - no lavender. Connie also says to avoid papaya & lemongrass.
When people you care about & want to talk to happen to be the most boring & dull to talk to/text <<<
Gym tv showing "Pride and Prejudice". Was 7 a.m. too early to cry?
awkward moment when everyone wants summer 2012 and i'm waiting for 2013..... <3 1D2013
LOLOLOL. it was so werid tho like out of no where?
LMAO! RT : Hair news for the day! I'm all for people going natural, but do u have to look like your homeless in the process!!!
Absolutely. Do you know Turbo Fruits? Very rad.
Hardest thing about getting to the Q so far is getting to media parking.
nine, then i'm going to the hookah bar. I havent been to the studio in forever.
Okay, Twitterverse, what's all this I'm seeing about THRONE OF GLASS by ? My interest has been seriously piqued.
shooting today. party time.
Don't forget to tune in to Webisode #2 tomorrow! We didn't forget about you! =)
maybe if u didnt ask off for your normal shift 3 weeks in a row i wooda putya at lower bar and u wooda made bank :)
So... *has* Ann Romney ever had a job that paid her money she needed that she had to get to every morning or bad things would happen to her?
RT : Are you following ? When they get to 50 followers, they're giving away #free stuff to a random follower!
Can't wait to see the Breaking Dawn trailer!!
with willow bark extract wich is a natural beta hydroxy acid .
We miss you but we know you're having fun! Rt: : Baby leave sets new pace, LOVE being a mom, but also miss action
n y is that?
Volunteers up early and ready to help :)
getting ready to secret shop
RT : : "If i'm not leading people to Jesus, chances are i'm leading them to myself."
you don't have herpes, you've never been with a girl before...maybe you got it from a man?
I guess I should bring a boombox and batteries and a Peter Gabriel cassette to the booth, just in case.
Another 80°F day today
SO many great people put us on Follow Friday
All NBA players are superstars. They all just need more playing time. Kenny, The Jet, was a very good NBA player. He is a good person.
..last meal on death row...today's pick would be a bucket of fried chicken or a footlong loaded chili/cheese sausage dog :p
LOL, I would have to say you are WAAAYYYYY more than tasty! ;)
hey lady
That's awesome, keep it up
I've been good. Sad that I haven't been able to see many games though. I'm working now! Teaching english in the evenings :)
Generico vs Ricochet and Low Ki is on commentary! Awesome!
What do women want? We want everything :)
that would be so sick!
I'd love to pick your brain about edtech sometime! Can we connect?!
One of my Ugly Followers always Tweeting about Thirst.. Bitch you Ugly, stop tryna make yourself feel wanted!
AUSTIN!!! If you follow me I will be you for Halloween and when I hand out candy I'll hand them a flyer with your info on it!
Happy Valentine's Day. Love each other....today and everyday.
GoIng 2 haVe a FffaAabbB weekend..! Wo0o0o SaCt0Wn its beEn a MiN....! eXCiTed t0 HiT uP dOWn t0WN 2NiTe..! wHeRe u @ H&M..!??
We is opening a can of whoop ass on Cake Shop with White Mystery and The Othermen this THURS Be there!
the mac app store is getting the best of me. GTA3??
Dear Parents: I am going to kill one of your children who are at my house in about 5 minutes. Love, Tera
Anybody wanna play me in words with friends or draw something? Loll
RT : Sunday! Celebrate Bacon & Beer week at the w/ , a great interactive dining experience. Vote...
When people have a new 'love of their life' every year. LOL @ YOU! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Thanks! The DIY Trunk Show is one of many awesome craft shows because of people like you.
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 55F FAIR
-What's your favorite #Jewelry piece right now doll?! #TrendsTues! xox
well, you're my fav GB n Brave fan
Who else is gettin on the Guild Wars 2 train with me?
Best payment ever: cries and hugs from patients @ hope lodge tonight. THAT is why I sing. THESE are the moments that make it all worth it.
Big 10 fish fry ...doesn't get much better!
Help them & Vote 4 for Sac's Best Neighborhood Bar on KCRA's A-List. They would love 2 win 2 yrs in a row! Great people and Pub!
So looking forward to it, too! Obsessed with infographics.
"I want to be me, without making it difficult for you to be you." Ambsdr. Joseph quoting Howard Thurman.
In the rain? How was the complex? A ghost town I guess?
Being an obnoxious bubble gum popper
Gonna start doing better in school now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
SKI SKI'S.
Last show of the tour tonight w/ !! Come out to the Gig Theatre in Kitchener, Ontario!!!
4. And she does not appear to have any pores.
: It was just breesey enough for me because if they would have scored again Rik woulda beat me!
sorry girl :(
im here right now, there is no where to go, there is nothing to be had, it shall all be given unto thee who has the faith of the Lord.
gettin paid every week is the shit
We won't!!
Good Night Indianapolis.
#Text MISSING to 90210 you will receive mobile updates when a child goes missing in your area! Available nationwide through
I think the only way may be to Insert Comment Text into document. U can still tell they are comments, but they are now part of your text.
I haven't been on here in a looonnggg time o.O
what you miss about it?
It's may(: exactly 13 days untill drake!(:
Oh so she said I don't talk to her really, what say you!!!!
Who doesn't love.. #Belgian Beer...even more...when it's ON SALE?! (meant to tell you sooner) Get over to by tomorrow!
just one more perk of going to , is here!
Hello, nxtARROW followers, this is Darren McCarthy, recruiter for nxtARROW. I'll be using this account. Please also follow
Well this sucks
Tickets go on sale Saturday!
Hey I just found you on twitter, follow me back !!
info for?
If Freddie was right, there won't be any rotational degradation in our lifetime.
Solid plans for this coming weekend kehd
thank you very much! it means a lot, and there are a lot of stories I'm looking forward to doing!
#Sagittarius the country MB will take you to: Ireland
So, now the NFL teams have finally given in and admit even Steelers' road games are home games!
Sad that it was Hunter of all people, that beat us.
So excited for #TheAvengers tonight!
I really want the Florida Panthers to win. And yes...its because Brodeur is a pompous horses ass.
Another Rainy Saturday New Post - Boots on the Ground, part twelve: Keeping the Lights On. Read it now at Error
I hate cleaning my room.
Well the good news is it's the 7-8-9 hitters next inning! Ugh I'm off to the bar.
I disagree only because I've already seen all of this season of Downton Abbey.
RT : Cause marketing can support any number of causes at the dealership, from donating money to charity to helping an organization.
Unless you want hotzpacho!
Just got the beer list for AlphaBeer VI! It looks A-W-E-S-O-M-E!!!! really knows their brews.
Mind she was dark ashyt with ashy ass legs ctfu
drops of jupiter is my favorite song ever & i can't get it out of my head.
I thought the guy from the gas company was trying to break into the house
maybe their pets' FB pages are taking all the extra space.
Thanks for the RT!
We'll be having it probably within the month. I will def let you know!
#reenvisioningnagel who has to trust us? the community? the admin? the students? how do we foster that trust?
Backs Color Analyst Tom Candiotti on right now with Jacobs
Man wtf I was supposw to leave school after this period.. Fuck you mother nature!
Guilty RT : Caught girl checking beer calories on her phone at the gym.
Sorry to drop in , but you crack me up on #30rock. Your sarcasm makes my day. Gracias.
Nutrient Rating Systems
living the dream!! Always awesome here :) I'm in the USA atm so no not at Fitty First!! How are u doing?
Many times we think God is saying, "No," but he is really saying, "Not yet."- Rick Warren
Can't wait for Olympic! Watson's duel with Scott Simpson in 87 is still my favorite Open.
RT Hell yeah! Congratulation Justin/Bon Iver! Score one for Eau Claire Wisconsin!!!
thanks, missed that. Wonder if he did or even could have negotiated with Fergie. Moot point, I guess.
Walmart Battery: I heard Auto Zone has a better batt for the same price as Walmart. Maybe this will save you trouble, i found out too late.
UP is currently ranked #1 in the nation among peer institutions in producing Fulbright scholars by the of Higher Ed.
The question is always which game gets the biggest of the 3 windows in League Pass, and right now LAL is it.
thank you!
I'm supposed to tell you... it's not a golf cart, it's the Rascal scooter the Flyers got you. Your Alzheimers acting up again?
Assuming everything runs as it did last year. Sporting KC will have a ticket allotment for the away match in Chi. may 12th...
Not gimpy at all - and ARMS 4 DAYS! RT : Ugh...over this cold. Over this foot. Ready to be up on my feet again!
Have a wonderful weekend to all my tweet peeps!
I can't believe I am saying this, but....GO SAINTS!!
Is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just glad to see me? Mae West
“Few people attain great lives, in large part because it is just so easy to settle for a good life.” - Jim Collins - From Good To Great
My favorite movie director is ,Hands down!!!
i wanna be controlled
this makes national news and no one is saying anything about academic fraud at North Carolina!
Had this MONSTER headache for the past couple days... Help!!!
#rusko how can you have a college tour but no dates in #austin tx?
hi Joan!! may i please have a tweet/follow from u?? :)
Mayweather has and Justin fucking Beiber carrying his belts.
Despite the prestigious claims about this university, there are an uncanny number that when drunk can't tell the front door from a toilet.
Harbaugh wined and cried like little bitch for that call earlier in the game. What a bunch of gutless refs
Evolve Discovery is a full service #litigation consulting and #project management company.
it was fun. Shouldn't use words over and career in same sentence now. Sure you'll cover ND again.
he didn't say this either. Stop lying!
We aint even made it to cintas yet....
What ever happened to the Jonas Brothers? Are they married now or gay or wtf is going on with them?
Im not ready for love, ready for love, ready for lo-ove<3
Did I just hear Hail to Old IU?
I believe im the only predicting a #DallasMavs repeat.. I'm down with that.
I miss when we were closer friends </3
Stable is that step backwards between successful and failing.
lol yeah. I can dig it!!!!
I'm not sure where to go from here.
oh yes please!
make shit happen
Worse than not being able to sleep? Taking a melatonin and not being able to sleep.
states the brain is like a computer making our consciousness void once our brain is powered off. I guess tech support is Doc
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-19
Hahahahaha...Oh you were being serious, weren't you?
HEY WE WANT SOME LOL!
Firehook Bakery & Coffee House has great coffee cakes, croissants & danish to satisfy everyone's sweet tooth!!
hows the workouts?
Well bad morning for us in the security...i had to get checked for explosives and my mom lost all of our tanning oils and lotions..
#FollowFriday Some Great Corpus Tweeters -->
I do dumb shit all the time & cant help but to laugh at myself lol
Okay yet another rec. for Les' class. Can't believe I haven't taken one from him yet!
Ditto RT : I think millionaires arguing with billionaires over money is hard for all of us to relate to/care about
Ugh! "Chocolate Rain," please get out of my head!
I've been following for 3 years. has done a great job of shepherding it. Hitting 50sts this year was huge.
Nicole Ritchie Steals Her Leather Look from Leighton Meester Leighton Meester is the Queen Bee of the Gossip Girl world, but when it come
Yum, so you recommend? Been wanting to try it with .....
Seems to be the #GOP goal for us. : "All you have to do, I tell myself, is keep your mouth shut and look stupid." Margaret Atwood
#ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam is that a mother comes after Allah (S.W.T) and The Prophet Mohammed (S.A.W) that's y ur mom is very important
that is a great question!
Latest #LowerNorthForkFire Latest acrege burned is 3,790. The perimeter was mapped last night at 10:30pm. Search cont'd for missing woman.
Keeping speaking the truth Jaws. Don't let guys slurp up Griffin/Cousins competition at QB. If Griffin struggles fans will want Cousins.
Love seeing these castles on Amazing Race. I want to go to there.
nah I didn't even ask. We were just talking and I brought prom up and she said that she was excited for it and that she was going
HAHA. We understand. :-)
you should!
like the hurricane said to the coconut tree, hold on to your nuts cause i'm about to give you the blow of your life ;)
last week of "Treasure Island"!!! the past few months were so fun, I'll miss it when it closes...
I hate touch screens lol -__- sometimes
so you're saying you're not predicting the Mariners in the World series...?
I WANNA GET TATTED!!!
Is it just, or does anyone else think Macho Man got called up early to protect the gates during tomorrow's rapture?
esp. in developing countries MT : watching young people on mobile: whole strategies of content marketing need to change.
im so frustrated, thats two blocks from my house
Working on a new playlist. Think Born This Way and Raise Your Glass. What else do I need, twitterverse?
Yippee! Ordered new washing machine from 's -- delivery was free :)
. too late to register online no details on page, When/where's the event?
I'm having a wine mixer with my pals while Mommy is away at work.
Suggestion – First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name.
Are any of you kickass people awake?
#MBR rider Strickland says "you don't get dizzy on a bull, you get worried"! Let me tell you food dude friends miniature bulls are not mini!
15 mins to #Ingov SOTS address and the Dem side is pretty thin. Interesting day in Indy.
I miss you in Milwaukee, Billy, but I'm very glad you're still going strong playing the game you love.
Small. Go to the Appleton Mall.
Where can i find chapter 1?
The explosion in popularity of and last few months is stunning!
PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!! IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME IF YOU WERE MY FIRST FOLLOWER I LOVE YOU!!!!
Shit just tryin to get some dope beats
I'm a neutral journalist, remember ;)
Healing Circle tomorrow!!! Nashville... this is awesome! Come on by with your aches and pains... leave feelin' the Divinity within.
so why do you hang out with ?
Twitter is trippin!!
“Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we’re here, we might as well dance.”
First day of left-handed tamping went just fine. Plus, I feel cooler doing something left-handed. Did I mention I kinda want to be a lefty?
Let's hear some support for Milwaukee Brewers MVP Ryan Braun!
Me too. Glad they added it RT : Another AWESOME feature of ? It saves multiple page articles with one click.
Omg. you like know everything about skin and stuff, well I assume I guess but anyways, I've been having a problem with -
Bout to go work out gotta stay in shape
Churchill to Baldwin: "My shafts though pointed are never intentionally poisoned. If they cut I pray they do not fester in the wound."
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong. - Peter T. McIntyre
hey you two :) so how are those #socialmedia matrixes coming along (wink, wink) :) hope u two are doing well ...
Contest time! First 5 people to RT this with their favorite froyo flavor win a U-Swirl VIP keychain!
Second Q&A session at #fairuse event now. Any questions for the panel? Tweet them here
Spent way too much on one bag of groceries, but in their defense it did include a kilo of brie.
so Ocky is ur half brother
you couldn't PAY me to see that movie!
Excessive drooling can be another sign your dog suffers from periodontal disease-common: a large amount of saliva.
Happy Monday soccer fans!
Your views on the news: Fifa and poppies, adoption tables and food waste - The Guardian (blog)
wtf ye paintings don't have sound. they haven't created audio paint yet joe.
Welcome to our new followers:
Good luck to at final table of tonight's $150 7 pm spring big bounty event.
Thank you!!!
Something to ponder : When a relationship is over, business or personal, its OVER. Nothing good comes from reviving something thats dead.
So Mark... are we clear to plant our annuals? No more frosts in Milwaukee, right? Or no?
I'm pretty sure summer was made for The Ergs.
OK think I'm done for the night. Very sleepy. Later.
but I must say he's telling the truth...
It's amazing that so many computer technologies derive from some brilliant abstract thinking that spans subjects such as language and math.
“: "That weave looks fabulous on you!" - Said by no one, ever.” lowkey reminded me of heather..
Blah blah blah !! Jk <3 lmaoo see u monday RT : Ugh. No school for me , woke up late :x sorry
THANK GOODNESS YOUR NOT! I love ur account <3
My avengers movie ticket is secured. Now I play the waiting game
one's Web presence alone rarely makes anything good happen - you have to meet people in person, then use the Web to reinforce the face time
Watch out for the Falcons and Matty Ice, this year
short days and long nights or long days and short nights? Or a nice even balance of the two?
Hey figure out what Shelby wants for her birthday
Bored as hell
Responded to FIRE @ 47-23 Vernon Blvd, Queens, NY 11101 and helped 4 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Locking coworkers in a freezer is so funny!
You know it's Friday when you haven't had a single incoming email message since 1:30 HST.
tonight killed me! Feels Soo good! Just what I needed
What cities is Uber in so far? NY?
Learning about the move to McKinley - a see-through workspace instead of an atrium? Incredible!
get well soon kora
I highly suggest you spend the morning on the patio. we have WiFi and you can bring the dog!
I couldn't find it on the website, looks like the ticket at the gate is for the whole thing? Can't be right for $30?
WWLD. *Keiya freaks out and breaks his back.*
Another wet evening in Boston April showers have moved into May
I'm the little kid version of you
His decision 2 not participant in actions counteractive 2 humanity demonstrate the extraordinary actions we may all strive towards!
I am still working to put you in touch with a few people!
annual cost to house an inmate in California is $35587 illegal immigrants comprise 15 percent annual cost 93million
i feel you!
What's wrong with your face? The world may never know.
u wouldn't b able to do this u don't know our
well son .... ithink its time we had "the talk"
Hey McClellin to Bears.
whatever... & the police officer guy? That's a cool name. :) has anyone else died?
it's SF. The answer is always Cabs are an exercise in futility.
Tried a few times signing up and couldnt get on the site. stuck on email confirmation
whenever I read my sent texts after a night out I'm always surprised at how my grammar is still better than most peoples even when I'm drunk
Same here. It's rare to find ppl who just love this industry the way we do! #HollywoodTakeover ! :)
I was hoping to catch them as well, but unfortunately it didn't happen.
I'd take a bullet for you, I'd stand beside you no matter what, but you're just pushing me away and all I wanna do is be there for you.
nice, informative book!
RT: I wonder when, in history, guys started getting line ups.
no he didn't even apologize for what happened. He showed no remorse he deserved what happened.
WI students are paying more in tuition so that the wealthy and corporations don't have to pay their fair share in taxes. This is wrong.
Just got off the phone w/ a dude who said his GF proposed to him, he turned her down! Is getting down on one knee a "man's job"? 222-9800
Just discovered the KOFY TV Dance Party. This is the moment everything changed.
- I definitely remember that "fashion" :) I counseled at his shows in the early 90s :) Good times, really!!
Put Chicago's Largest Personal Injury and Workers' Compensation Law Firm to work for you!!!
Lmfao concert on the 22nd in Columbus
With the State Board retreat, listening to Gary Minor talk about the change cycle.
If you love One Direction then follow !!!!
Time is worth more than money, I say. (re not having a job for a while).
yes... Needed that after a hike and grocery shopping with the kids
I love it when Michael hacks my twitter and tweets
I may pop up at an Avs game; I have friends in Aspen and some other place near Denver that I can't remember the name of.
President Obama made it clear that the work of the Federal Government should never stop because of snow. source: opm.gov
Seems like a lot of people are talking about #cellhelmet these days
why????? WTF ? I'm so pissed right about now !
Good Luck!
looking forward to Friday!
New Penguin Painting "I'm Coming..." www.shadowglacier.etsy.com FREE SHIPPING AND HOLIDAY DISCOUNTED PRICE
I admire #teamtweetallnight. I wish I had the energy right now to stay up!
Pandora just keeps playing these depressing songs. Wonderful.
RT : Strongest sign yet that Messi is the best player ever: he has turned Pele into someone whose full-time job is to say he isn't
Is this IOS5 iPhone update serious? FOUR FUCKING HOURS? One of the updates helps Siri understand Australian accents. So, I guess I get it.
i need to start drinking
RT : Andrew Lloyd Webber wants to do a Jesus Chris Superstar reality show. Tim Rice's response: Oh hell no.
Chicken, onions and carrots in the crock-pot. Added Dijon mustard, worcestershire, maple syrup and garlic. Smells amazing..
Umami for iPad: The Ultimate TV Companion Knows What You’re Watching
GO!!! 2 outreagousrecords.com to hear Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP free...
when my boyfriend constantly tells me how pretty my eyes are <3
Gotta Get Up Bright And Early For The A.M. Jog. fml lmao
Proverbs 2:11 Discretion will protect you, understanding will guard you.
Thanks for the ReTweet!
hahaha. everyone wants to talk but no one wants to say nothin!
normal people: boy/girl problems. me: wifi connection problems.
haha why yes he is!
mckenaaaaaa OMG I'm getting a bunny soon from my aunt and when I get it u can come over and see it
I feel so little.... _-_
300 DOLLARS FOR A MEET N.GREET TREY SONGZ LIKE HE FINE. BUT IT'S SAD
I keep seeing those too...not falling for those pictures of me...I'm an Audi and look great in every photo ;)
let's do it this weekend! I need that bbq
Nostril Apostle. "We get our birds in" "but its the gleam tho" shit the fam says
Loving on #GMA, wish i was in Central Park :)
Dr.Adelglass quoted on television on the "Wrinkle Wars" between Dysport & Botox but i think a cupcake war is about to hit Dallas..can't wait
Lovely day in Manhattan! On 7th avenue midtown. AT utrecht art supplies just purchased canvas for video shoot 2 day!
Extraordinary event right now @ woolly mammoth w/carnegie mellon. proud to be on board of the black women playwrights group, the co-creator!
Quote:"It's like someone jammed an electric light bulb in your face, and busted it. I thought half my head was blowed off —James J Braddock
girl you know you got the skills to fix & fresh it up from a few drops of water lol
Today's the day that we all recognize the fact that some man you call Daddy had unprotected sex with a woman we now call mother.
lets you request photos and videos of places from the crowd :)
What law(s) did Boeing break in WA?
coolin, trying to turn this keg into a six.pack,and per_fect my peoples elbow,so I can get your attention
Standard sized rollerboards don't fit in old AA airplanes overhead compartments
No doubt #SuperBowl ads are sure to get a lot of laughs. How would you rate their #brand engagement? Who would you BUY from because of ads?
big brother fans!!! vote for jeff!!!! you can vote repeatedly!!!!!
Did Hacked you earlier? It sure seems like it.(:
do you have one hand in your pocket?
Thank you Todd!
Haha Somebody Is Gonna Have To Help Me Out With This Twitter Thing..
come meet Greg Toler at Catch 22 tonight raffle for Cards Raiders tickets $2.00 bud light bottles
ya love the kidss!
The song of the day is almost wrote a love song -big Sean
right! yo I miss both you & . We need to eat together again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
do u believe we cant afford a new stadium or library? city is in a financial hole now?
#madisonsmc I hear the Christmas tree blew down on the Capital Square. Did anyone get a picture for #JingleMingle?
So hungry, don't feel like going to the gym. Dinner has won way to many days than I would like to admit.
I didn't go nowhere lol
Hey if I did the pool through FB, I don't have to log in separately for the pool, right?
on which? either way yes you do!!!
Aria and ezra. That Poor Couplee.
Thanks! and same to you
Life's a dance; your learn as you go. Sometimes you lead & sometimes you follow <U+2665>
omg how?
It will be busy on Stampede grounds this weekend
Ima bring the paper home .
Next time instead of being late, just shit on my face cause that's what it feels like to miss Your Body Is a Wonderland.
it's been real, Lex.
I'm wearing my least favorite jeans tonight.
Thanks Brandi! Yes it would be great to work together!
For me, when I listen to any phenomenal Trance, I wish I were by a lake in the mountains with evergreen forests all around!
Best Director goes to Michel Hazanavicius for The Artist. Hm will this be the film's last award for the night?
R&B station on shuttle to #BWI making my morning and also the older white lady riding with me visibly uncomfortable
dreamt that I was being taken away by the empire, my girlfriend told me I love you. I responded, I know. I WANT TO BE HAN SOLO!!!!
A, B, C, #deeznuts, E, F, Gizzle...and so on and so on, I remember back in tha day when I used to have to get my stroll on.
Love cannot be found where it doesn't exist, nor can it be hidden where it truly does.
p.diddy-ill be missing you on repeat :( still cant belive this bro R.I.P jamal :'(
i wouldv'e freaked out 2!! idk I ate breakfeast at 10 but im still eating lunch!! I think Lunch because lunch is more filling
Who is going to take care of your family when you die???Call me let's make sure they are taken care of 303-922-1001
Snap a pic of yourself @ our new St. Rose/Eastern location for a chance to win a single-cup Keurig brewer! Taking pics until EOD Fri.
Watching great presentation by PBL reminds me of the Reggio Emilia philosophy where I first taught & inspires our media program
“You can spend minutes...over-analyzing a situation...or you can just leave the pieces on the floor and move ... on.”
“: Holy shit why is work so busy” I start at 6 get em all out by then :P
we'll see you on your next trip!
Today: Panel discussion on Engineering in the 21st century. 5-6:15 Room MEC205, Mechanical Engineering Building at U.Va.
I'm surrendering my Wednesday ! Wtf is good
Watching a new bride contort into exaggerated fashion positions in front of a decaying building. What has photography become?
Gotta do 9 am spin class tomorrow
and look! Here's a reply too!
Im gonna build a wall of bacon to keep my haters out.
a PERFECT mix, almost 2 hours worth, erased by a jacked up keystroke
": #Taurus has a good sense of humor." I second this!
Some of us will definitely be making a trip over =)
looks like Dez Bryant is out for today's game fyi
I'm like a nerd at my school, but the kind of nerd with killer swag lool
It's a two show day but Empire Coffee and Tea across 9th ave closes before our evening show. Ah well, #Starbucks is just down the block!
Happiness is when what is right and what interests you are the same thing.
Personally I'd rather throw rocks at my head than read..
Dear 1or both of u need 2 get on a plane & come see my bored arse if its both Portia back away from his locs
Can twitter keep a secret?
Light bulb. Eureka!
In a conference call with Microsoft.
I can't agree more!
Listening to #wtfpod w/ #marcmaron life is good.
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Have fun and fall in love. Regret nothing and don't let people bring you down.
Ahh I hate when a guy take forever to reply back to me!
I can't believe today is finally here. Why can't I graduate today... Gunna miss my seniors
Just got done followin people
Dont want no relationship NO time soon
Thanks for the writeup in !
Acting dumb for attention isnt cute. K thanks(:
It had to spark off and on -- what a disaster. And they probably have kids.... I hope they don't, but I'll bet they do.
Disney's road sides posted as if a bewildered two year old just tossed them out in random places. #Disney=epicfail
Thanks :) we worked so good together !
This girl added me on fb and we graduated together (went out) lmao she has 2 kids now =O
It's always sunny in.... Have a great weekend!
such a lier?
I also have Theoi link, and found very little else too. Thank you anyway! :o)
now that i get to excempt every final!!!!
I have developed an appreciation for the album over the years. Mostly because everything since has sucked...
student lounge party!!
I'll never be a trick!
Nike #EYBL Session 3 in Frisco, TX: Houston Hoops over Albany City Rocks (72-50)
Great stocking stuffer - $850 worth of golf coupons for just $12! Too good to be true? Head to www.crowdclick.com and find out!
You may also come to ChickfilA, enjoy a milkshake and air-condition! RT : It's a gorgeous day. Go outside and play.
This is not good,why does this always happen to me..
Congratulations to our good friend Washington Capitals Head Coach Bruce Boudreau ( A&A Board Member) & for the big win today.
Postal prices going up for express, priority mail The cash-strapped U.S. Postal Service is raising rates for its more profitable express
I wanna do dirty things to that man
RT : Once again the Media rewrites meteorology by calling the Florida pileup cause "Super Fog!" Sorry, no such thing!
Best. Team. Ever. #yeahiwentthere RT : It's official, the #Redsox have reached a whole new level of mediocrity.
"A woman called me to tell me you were dead"
Our practice deserves and awkward turtle<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Happy Pi Day! :)
What do you think about fellow Cowboy going to Jax at No.5? Maybe he'll come watch you
if you find some and run out of pocket space do let me know. I got pockets!
Being Wise To Patience, Time, And Your Achievements. You'll Be Very Educated In Your Life. Jus Go Slow Dont Rush In Your Young Life Time.
Very interesting. I'll be curious to see how that plays out...
“: Why would any grown man wear skinny jeans?” It's one of the great mysteries of life right up with Crocs and Snuggies.
You must've gotten lost in "Deep" thought...get it?! Hehehe
Agree. RT : A2 not a fan of follow back for sake of - should only be relevant if connection is going to be collaborative
A bird flew threw the window n gym nd everybody was.screaming it was a baby bird dude come on now
howdy sweetness! Already had some buttsex, but there wasn't any lovin involved ...except maybe I just love his beefy ass
Thanks for sharing our big news
Free smells all day!
Celebrate National Burger Month at American Burger Works with the Smoked Brisket ‘n’ Cheddar Burger priced at $8.99!
Both are fantastic games. I like the car selection in 3 better tho. If you like cars and racing you need to get Forza 4.
oh really
Nice to hear from you! I guess multi-tasking s a "survival trait" these days.
Guys, do you remember I have a story? *smirks* should I continue? ;).
I like how she shows the unglamorous side of being a girl.
Chinese food for dinner , yeah baby <3
If you'd like an old-fashioned HTML email reminding u of the next Rhapsodomancy reading 2 wks b4 it happens, email
Simply place hot booties inside the booty bag! If I see this commercial one more time I swear..
#Roasted Beet Salad with Citrus Viniagrette is the #recipe for today! #roasted beets #salad #fresh foods #citrus viniagrette #food blog
Cats fed. Why can't I get #googledocs to work properly with #googlechrome? Seems odd. I have to use an alternative browser.
I pay for this and it froze my Wii 4 times in a row before I gave up. Shitty customer service too by the way.
28 yay votes in the Senate! Marriage equality is on to the House! Yay!
Haha "i like picking up bums, I mean if they need a ride"
Followed my family tree back to 1595! Sweet!!!!
Anybody in San Antonio wanna get drunk!?!?
Oh, right. You love BBQ--sauce--and you hate meat
Great point! And yes, we played with BWW last week and they invited us back to play with Agent Orange last night :-)
Did you know you can get gourmet food at a 10% discount 24 hours a day from ? Thanks #AMLI PERKS!
Look for Heather tonight on the 6:00 news on channel 8, talking about doing business downtown.
Boarding my flight. Headed to NAB
Congratulations! So proud for you! RT : soon to be alum- working in College of Business :)
(; your so sweet. were do you get al your tweets from..?
Time for this voice to get some rest. In the words of Porky Pig, "ebedee ebedeeee...that's all folks."
I Should Be Going To Video Shoot Sunday Unless Something Come Up Follow The Bro
RT : . in nyc is having a HUGE winter sale. 20%-50% off outerwear, boots, gloves, etc. check it out. scored some...
Watch for 's video of Pius High School "Phantom of Opera" 'chandelier practice.'
Sexy librarians of today should be known as #metasexy. :)
nd dey don't even do it GOOD!
not like u!
I wool get these grades done by 8 am. I will. Z
°o° Location picked! has picked Hollywood Studios, now all we need is a spot in the park for your picture!
Rather than boycott,buy time, reach out to his target demographic, change the world 1 diaper/time
Aww I miss your videos:)
Thanks for the retweet.
What book have you read up to? Have you read ADWD yet?
I probably should just buy realestate and make some honest $$ & leave the bull&*^# alone!!
goin to my cousin house
Be the change that you wanna see.
Memphis TN welcomes you Thanks for all that you do
Really, really impressive throw by Tebow down the left sideline followed by an impressive bait-and-throw to Lance Ball. Looking good in 4thQ
"Any art communicates what you're in the mood to receive."
Please release your version of Love Train, I am dying to get a copy of it.
SOMEONE SAID THAT PEOPLE WON'T GET INVOLVED UNTIL IT HAPPENS TO THEM www.mattnotguilty.webs.com
Feeling like something bout to happen like its good my heart is just feeling something right lol
It's Official, Dr. Pepper is THE drink of all Champions. :D
My hair lady's going to kill me. I think I want my dark hair back lol
Celebrity sighting! I just crossed paths with Tim Gunn looking fabulous by Central Park & I'm dressed like an unemployed lesbian.
¤ It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers. James Thurber
Many thanks for thinking of the book.
Wanting a margarita night..and instead I'm attending a musical. Not the way I want to spend my evening
You had me at the correct usage of 'you're.'
this is your daily dose of "I love you" smile pretty, doll!
is that the one I'm supposed to fall in love with?
There's so much I want to say ,I'm trying to hold my composer.
: "If you want an education mayor for San Diego it has to be Bob Filner."
: ”Excel is one of my best friends”
I'm going to bake a birthday cake for Roe v. Wade today (not joking)
Crack some of my ribs long story
how about some new music about justice for the working class? We would enjoy that!
"Stronger" by Kelly Clarkson might be the best produced Pop Song since the ABBA songs.
4 days later: foot still bruised from the woman on the Metro that stomped on me with her boot
How are you guys surviving without me! Wish I could have seen Kane's Superman goal.
#TruthTime I don't smoke weed anymore
just listening to music and promoting my band =]
9:30 at night on a Sunday is up too late?? ....I officially suck!!
Bravo: Formerly arts; Currently gay men helping ugly women marry gay men.
welcome, you have a very nice portfolio!
Richard Armitage reading an old school Georgette Heyer #romance, The Convenient Marriage, is my #fridayreads. Perfect.
": I wonder what goes through your mind when someone mentions my name to you."
People who are neat & well-groomed.
Thank you everyone for the good luck wishes!
@ congressional luncheon. Only one not wearing dark suit #standing out
#loveher #SCANDAL ahahaaaaaa! Yeah I just bet u do! Lol
that's funny..
"special teams ACE Jarrett Bush" #FreeComedyTuesday (via )
Exterminators of the Year 3000 was an amazing/awful movie. Thanks Mystic Crystal Revelations Movie Club, & Cafe Brasil
3 suicides in the last three days in towns neighboring mine serve as a strong & somber reminder of what an important issue this
I'm going to be 100% honest here... I used to not like You Twitterer's changed my mind, I like him now =P
An outstanding dog owner puts their dog’s needs ahead of their own
Down here for worship Im higher every day
heart broken so many times-I now have Man's mentality-hope God Can conquer this and make dreams my reality
Beginnings are wonderful. Enjoy.
How can I tell who's checking out my Facebook?? Is that even possible???
the bait just texted me <3
ahahaha. i didnt even read the comments but LAWL.
No. has a place where he is collecting and publishing analytics information about dh sites in Europe/elsewhere...
Your site gives this error: "504 Gateway Time-out" FYI
- lol. I wish.. I got the link..I'll send it to you in Facebook! lol... it's hilarious! Like a CIA threat or suppin!
hope to see you two there! :)
That awkward moment when dumb bitches should shut there mouths because there fucking crazy and they look like barbie dolls. Just saying.
u were missed tonight! Not one Ron Jeremy story...
This is just rediculously cool: www.wiki-os.org
it's beginning to get over rated though
"I haven’t consumed that many Absolute and Redbulls since I was in Las Vegas;) We had an amazing five days."
Can you use HootSuite with 2000?
Hope everyone has a packtacular day today
Am I the only person on the planet not watching the #Steelers game?
I miss our friendship. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
why don't women wear watches?
it's the Mexican mothers day today. You're right on time.
just downed a shot of rail bourbon.
I am SO EXCITED that our "Z" beer is Zephyr, a collaboration from and bit.ly/tltabv
he has done a terrible job of drafting position players
"If you know peace, then you thrive; if you know contentment, then you are rich."
“Don't wait until everything is just right. It will never be perfect. There will always be challenges, obstacles and less than perfect...
At the end of the day, i have no one to count on but myself
So I'm The Minority Now???
TOTALLY agree!
Shush it woman! >:o
Really about to cry.
Do you have a car yet?
Hope to see you tonight @ Reno's Chop Shop.
yes you are!!
Anyone can come steal me anytime Now!!!
Thanks 4 the follow.Have a nice weekend.
oh well u was rude this weekend so point being Oh OK
Thanks for da 411, will check it out, meantime Keep It MOVING & good luck
I wanna girl with FOODSTAMPS ,LOL
We will announce 3 winners for our pumpkin carving contest on Nov. 1. Each will recieve 5 #Free dozen doughnut coupons to use whenever!
How do we trust Pakistan? US Intelligence officials say house where bin-Laden was found custom-built to harbor a major "terrorist" figure.
We've got one last pair of tix to give away for the ANDREW W.K. show at this Friday!! Retweet to be entered to win!
Did not bring enough snacks today.
RT : Every child needs to begin to prepare for college starting at least by the age of 3 <<Yes- at least
Dense fog advisory in effect until 10am for PDX metro area. One crash already on Hwy 26 - east end of Gresham. Live coverage on Fox 12
Shuttle never!!!! Over this chatter..what wrong w/silence <Belinda Jackson>
According to His riches “And may my God supply all your want, according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus. “ Philippians 4.19
still can't believe they blew that smh
saving and using
Good day,good friends.
Thx 4 the RT!! I will return the love!
what healthy vegetarian options are people serving this Thanksgiving?
I'm trying to think of an album I heard long ago and still listen to: Abraxas? Tommy? I never listened to the Beatles till I was older.
Sitting in a SUPER exciting meeting about some big things we're working on for the site. Keep your eyes peeled!
Got some feedback from a customer! "All I can say is 'Wow'! You guys blew us away…far better sushi than we can get locally!" ~Christine P.
eat your fruits and veggies, drink your water, enjoy your proteins and limit your fats and sweets....key to healthy living
" We Ride Together , We Die Together . Bad Boyz For Life "
I'm relocating to your beautiful city. Im looking for a sales job in the Atlanta area~please email me @ . Thank you.
Seeing on instagram on the way to school, when 's in a hot country, and I'm in England with rain, sob..
Aw, thank you for following!
Proud to be a Muskie. That was a tough one
Idk, told me he's planning on getting
Wedding + Food + Over-Indulgence = Meat Sweats (feel free to add or subtract from this equation)
Every musician hits the point to where they wonder if pushing on will be beneficial to their future
Excuse me, excuse me -- I might drink a little more than I should tonight ... :)
haha well there will be more to help & however we managed to go from college to talking about raccoons is crazy hahah
Imma fuck something up this morning I swear.
Holy Shark bandanas!! :D
24 hours till the concert in cinci. Looking forward to seeing everyone too
No homework :D yaya.
Thanks for the follow!
I've decided I'm going to college out of state. I hate this weather.
Forecast for Rest Of The Overnight: Mostly cloudy. Lows in the mid 60s. North winds around 5 mph.
I'm walking on sunshine.
oh barf.
We've been trained in the master class. It allows us to avoid stabbing others with a fork.
yo, you guys should really play a song sometime! (:
How the hell is that talent?
Monday! 2 more days to go!
DRAKE AND JOSH ON NETFLIX. My day has officially been made.
I'm using it for both right now
i love my boyfriend. he's great.
Getting so close to launching! Look for us mid-November. Details headed at you soon!
yes! I want one so bad
editing my twitter profile account because I am very bored
Havent been on here in forever..
A huge wave of pain swept through high school baseball today, No doubt,
I knw i can do this.. i feel it
4 Sky riders in the chase group
#SometimesIJustWant To talk to you, but I feel like i'm going to bother you..
I wish I'd turned out better. Instead of being the lazy turd that I am.
My ear hurt my tooth hurt I'm just in pain
To all my Twitter friends: Happy New Year!
So many depressing TT,
Via Amandakoster- you have powerful, meaningful content at your fingertips - what will you show & tell?
David Lee Roth during the first verse of Chinatown "I forgot the fucking words.Quickly to the chorus."
#fortgeorgebrewery guy at bar talking about end of the world. He's serious.
Double Greens? Could the Scotts be any lazier?
SOME FACTS ABOUT ME I'm not perfect, and I don’t live to be. But before you judge me, make sure your hands are clean.
I see the February ballers are out in full force #taxtime balling!
At this time of the night... creativity is open also... BELOW THE BRIM new drupal site coming soon!
RT : A "nonproductive" cough is defined as a cough that starts while using Facebook.
Wow Gregg that's awesome! Good for you buddy, I miss you!
That's the spirit!!!
lol at first I thought that said 'how' and I was like cmon 'Wo
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
trying to pound out this paper before I go to work this morning #libraryschool #NoRestForTheWicked half way there!
Just registered so I'll see you there. ": You should totally come to the tweetup with !"
not sure- think sociologists < convinced of "liberating" prom of tech?
RT : Why Women Are the Most Powerful Brand Ambassadors In the World: Brand managers and brand marketers need to reali......
ok.. looks like it's settled.. I'll be upgrading to the iPhone 4s on Verizon.. anyone want to buy an iPhone 4 on AT&T in a couple months? :)
good luck!
Hahahahahaha!!!! Jake, you crack me up :')
What normally is a 3.5 hr drive from Nashville to Atlanta has taken us 6 hrs so far. Not home yet!
having mixed emotions
RT : It's Official - Pro Bowl CB Darrelle Revis signs 4-year contract with Jets; deal reportedly worth $46M
I miss you more than words can say, the hurt just gets worse each day, I know your in a better place, but that doesn't take the pain away.
“Sometimes it’s easy to feel like you’re the only one in the world who’s struggling, who’s frustrated, or unsatisfied, or barely getting by
Follow my boss up & coming actor/singer Watch his new TV show airing next month!! Keep in touch! xx
Thanks for the shout out. I like the idea of kids sharing their sports experiences with their family members.
No problem. I think your instincts are right on with this one. *hugs*
Nice spending some time in miami with the grandma!
taylor gang or try to ride 2 skateboards at once
I wish! :( im not doing allstar this year thoughh
wishing that would dance we me. She would make me having feelings in places i havent had feelings in a while. down below.
I shall I shall.
are you able to breathe now? Austin's had quite a debut tonight, you must be proud!
to talk like a rational human being.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Twitter Online System
What a great football game we had on Friday. Excited to be celebrating SPIRIT WEEK. How are you showing your spirit?
Old school jlo >>>>>
Right you are, Ms. Martin! From the talk, to the awesome 70s previews, to the movie! Thanks, Richard!
Just participated in DC's action against wage theft. We called on the DC police to enforce theft of services law & arrest wage robbers....
Hi Kelly, can you follow me so I can DM you with some issues I have with Walmart? Thanks
2 wins in a row leta go!!!
Well, he is a heartless robber baron.
Slowly but surely mastering PMO by small, seemingly insignificant increments. Result: sustainable competitive advantage.
It's a hot one today
Oh. Well I'm still declaring you the hip fashionista.
sure, it was a "friend." i believe you.
Welcome back to school! Hope everyone has an awesome semester!!!
over/under on whether this happens or not: I'm sayin there's no chance that it won't haha
Ditto! RT : Okay, I think #BlairUnderwood's episode is my favorite of #WDYTYA so far.
Music. Makes me. High.
Hi Tera -- yes, our full album will be available on iTunes on 4/17 when it's released! Thanks for asking!
the sheer stupidity in some people these days just facinates me.
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust2534
sweet! hoping to have a flood of PHP h4x0r$ in tha house :)
Josh, thx for the note… much appreciated. have a great weekend.
I think I'll make this a #Drizzy day.
Currently in talks to be the Mark Ruffalo to 's Ed Norton. Stay tuned.
Hahaha i love how at first I was like aww! Then I started laughing when I read whoopie pies lol
Somebody woke up on the wrong side of the bed today.
I need to make $600 fast!
Big 10 is hot but why stop make a Big 20
Loving someone who doesn't love you back is like hugging a cactus. The tighter you hold on, the more it's going to hurt.
Don't miss your last chance to smack 'em around on the ping pong table today at the Coral Gables location.
what the hell is going on with facebook.
I spent Thanksgiving vacation watching the series. I think it was worth it. My husband would disagree.
um yes THANK YOU
I am so ready for #summer #bikinis #tans #swimming i could go on forever!! ...<3
RT : Love doesn't rush and happens in it's own time. Don't force it, just flow with it and express yourself.
I think Lou should bring back Dee and Penn to board room. Dee should go because of the negative stuff on the cube.
woohoo!! were going this week too! btw the candy has arrived
I'm so sick of you treating me like I'm your enemy
How are you Prozak?
Or, of course, if they talk about how they FOUND a new audience, we REALLY listen.
Slight chance for a few showers tomorrow, especially in the afternoon and north of Columbus. Better chance on Friday...
Watch out that no poisonous root of bitterness grows up to trouble you, corrupting many.Hebrews 12:15
Happiness is finding a couple, still delicious, forgotten chocolate truffles when I'm having a down day!
": y'all gonna release Dang Girl part 2?" Pretty please?? :D <3
oh my god peter tenkrat
lol! RT : Your level of ain't shit never ceases to amaze me... and yet I always get caught up in it.
Having a Iot of friends doesn't mean much to me. I would rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies.
I JUST WANT TO CHANGE MY PICTURE IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK Q_Q lol
DJTayJames you know the real deal about fox Tay he is one of the most intelligent people in our country but they hate on him daily
Chinese food>>
sounds good
Not sure I follow you. ALL I want to do is "manage content". #Drupal was represented to me as an easy way to do that.
what a fagical I mean magical experience !
Who needs dramatic eye make up when you can have snow on your eyelashes?
Seminar starting- how to promote cash donations in an emegency without alienating the public
Uh I'm all in
brewing more tea, fighting a cold and touring art galleries with Sister Wendy
thanks! Just a few more days. Now say it with me;)
Smh be quiet
Thank you! xo
Now that you are facing the dilemma of writing an essay, wouldn't it be so convenient if you could get all the help that you need?
-- do you have/know of any resources in D.C. for students who want to create a school-based Peer Jury?
They said its the 5th largest earthquake in world history! We need 2 continue praying 4 the millions effected!! Making me sad :-/
people ask the stupidist questions sometimes!
very large glass
Angels baseball is off and rolling, making plans to go to Anaheim. Can't wait to get back to the OC for some ballgames.
is my future wife
My car is ready...
what's your number? Me no have it ):
Ugh heading to work
#Teanfollowback follow me :)
Santa's are parents real talk.
Visit or updated INTERNATIONAL JOB BOARD. Free for all applicants, no registration! Hundreds of companies hiring! www.joborworker.com
please say you didn't just refer to UK as cards.
They're lame. Gopher fans love you. :) RT : “ I hope you blow your ACL” smh
Welcome to Signing Day! Go Dawgs! RT : Josh Harvey-Clemons coming to UGA !!!
Happy Friday my friend. I luv your youtube page! You are more than special. Stand tall.
Jury reaches verdict in trial of man charged with murdering Jennifer Hudson's family members. AP
I can not wait to get this Tylonel Cold and Sinus in my life... Yes!
Where are you? We offer Hallmark Help services!
Crosby one more season left on contract. Goal of offseason - GIVE HIM THE EXTENSION HE DESERVES
Traffic is horrible this morning
Excited to watch Wozniacki vs Williams - Go !!!!!
i'm a slut no matter my hair color so i wanna know - who has more fun? blondes, brunettes, redheads? which ones are the real dirty girls?
home alone and goin to a party later i just woke up lol!!!!! txt me
Nice to meet you too. Congrats to you and Zach on a fun project!
Is there a #Linux cmd to get the L1, L2 #cache size, number of virtual #cores, and the level of #SSE support of a #CPU? Not in /proc/cpuinfo
im just messing wit u..
it's about time! Work has been considerably less amusing this week.
Indy Savings! Stop by The Children's Museum of Indianapolis from now until close to receive a special $19 matinee ticket!
stalking is my favorite past time
What a game - huge win for my guys. The #Bengals are gonna be a factor in the AFC North for years with Dalton. The #Niners loom.
Just finished the 8th and final book of The Dandelions Series a few days ago. Woo hoo! Still more editing to do though!
I died... you missed it. Lolz jk, I've been at school and working yo. Where have YOU been?
lol good work. C u soon! I'm def coming to party on Halloween!! xo
And will always be so proud that you gave me my first-ever blurb!! :) Hope to see you soon!!
"The number one reason most people don't get what they want is that they don't know what they want".
Yeah yeah I am the nerd watching the Lord of the rings marathon on encore .. super duper excited about upcoming Hobbit movies too :p
“I have a different vision of leadership. A leadership is someone who brings people together.”
hell no!
L.A>Flow!
#YouKnowYoBitchBig When she gotta live 3 days at a time!!!
Get ready CrossFitters! RT : Heard is stopping by this week!!!
I'm soo happy!!
On my way to UMBC's Scholar Selection Day to conduct interviews!
The Big Bang Theory gets on my nerves. I'm more of a It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia or How I Met Your Mother type of guy.
We will!
Yep...that sounds about right when talking Big 12 football. Snooze-fest!
it's in the couch, for sure.
"She reads romance novels, she doesn't even read read."
While I enjoyed shaq's non slurry annunciation in the new buick commercial, I can't believe that a man who owns a hummer cares about MPGs.
"We want Steve" chants erupting in USAC.
yeah, and now and you and can talk all the time!
Thanks for following !!!
I might try FB Messenger if I thought they could make a decent app. They cannot.
That will change once Impractical Jokers comes out ZING haha
YES YES YES!!! Just what I have been waiting 4 frontend acess. WHAT!!!! & for JomSocial two!! So Awesome! Now time to buy!!
bike theft sucks. I just started buying used crappy bikes. Don't even have to lock them. And when they break, you can toss em
Thanks for the RT
Shizz. I'm down!
I can only sugarcoat pain with humor for so long before it rusts out and I fall apart.
What a relief when it's someone else's error - and it can be fixed! Yay!
Stoked to shop for exotic weapons with
oh yeah. im your twitter commentator :p
congrats Liz, you just locked up the "most obvious sexual joke set-up walked into" award for 2012!
Come on Michael, don't feed the trolls. Let's just celebrate the brilliance of Mo's career.
I want to passionately make love to a woman then start to cry, then the woman would look me in the eyes and say, “sugar, tears cost extra.”
And that just ruined it ha...
Henri Poincare~ Thought is only a flash between two long nights but this flash is everything.
What a rewarding morning of work!
No problem and thanks to you too!
Dude, you're so0o0o lucky you said no homo, I was about to drop so many fag bombs on ya bro.
A SWING AND A MISS...... BALL GAME AT THE CORNER OF CARNEGIE AND ONTARIO !!
Obama approved of the microchip for 2013 oh man....
Our favorite look so far. Stunning dress! RT And the cape comes off. Gwyneth's body/beauty look is major.
haha me and Randall passed her on the way out
I tweeted myself -__-
An amazing showdown on WWE: Smackdown is taking place tonight in Indianapolis. Call us now for the event tickets: 888-493-0004
Heading out to Minneapolis for the Best Buy Classic Tourney
im bby sitting rite now so i can make da extra money cuz i need it... : )
Flying with mom, and a roadtrip. Won't be stressful, not at all.
Can't get my head out of the clouds today <3
So he probably likes you
wow, that is bad. I was expecting a parallel shot not a straight in. Pathetic.
Those good ol high school days :)
another long night cuz im far from sleepy
oh god, i know the feeling.
A man who is afraid to try, is a a man who is afraid to lose
we will be checking that out.
hey white power clay.... Figured your aryan nation facebook group would prevent u from having love for Seau, my bad...
I wish you had your phone cause I really wanna talk to you! :/
I know. I drive one lol
Thx "Goal: My students will write & read 4 times more than I can physically assess." Learning is not about points in gradebook.
#Masters Golf - Who cares about Tiger Woods? Kick Clubs. Fine him. Stop paying his fees! Always been a bad sport. KARMA KARMA KARMA KARMA
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show! :{) So proud of you <U+2665> u are amazing! wish i could meet u someday.-
I want to be paid for acting
So good to be at #health2stat with all the usual suspects.
So do I...which is why I almost never buy them! Why? For me, 1 #Pringles can = 1 #serving size. :-)
Is there anyone on Twitter - nay, the Internet - who pats themselves on the back more than ?
Great job on !
The blind side<3333
Marcus be hatin.
Stop f#$%ing tweeting the picks before ESPN. Good gawd!!!!
Not sold on West Coast for 2012..even Stanford is uncertain on mound and defensively
Yes, Pujols turned his back on us. Any struggles are magnified because of HIS decision. He had it easy in STL and was king.
just text me :)
Ready to take a walk down Market St. to the Verizon Store. Helping an elderly guy get a new phone.The HavenU320 is good for granny or granpa
It's a 24-second Feed Me, Seymour! tweet cycle in a 24/7 conversation about brands, companies and products
Ahh your twitcon is so pretty!
Why didn't u get married? Wasnt that the point of the show?
When someone gives u advice. Maybe u should pull your head out of your ass & listen. Not just pretend to hear. Only then can you change!
Looking forward to your workshop tomorrow! Hope my brain doesn't explode from too much good info.
Take my love, take my land, take me where I cannot stand, I don’t care, I’m still free, you can’t take the sky from me.]
I agree..I have been voting nonstop as well!
How do you make a blonde's eyes sparkle? Shine a torch into her ear...
At Columbia event Tues, Pam Samuelson had opposite reaction I did to #Golan oral args. After reading transcript, I'm pessimistic; she's not.
Hello new followers!
Let's do this.
one simple question is that a guy or a girl??
just the way you are (":
Im not really into golf but did you see that a-hole shoot a double eagle at the masters this weekend?
Nice race with some drama at the end. I'll have another!
Hmm...moveable monuments...Wall Drug on wheels is probably out of the question.
Who said MySpace was dead... O_o
Bedtime stories! 's biography is so good! Read it!
Shitt definitely did not get all my homework done.
You seem to have an inability to think sometime. An attention whore maybe??
oh yes! Keep in touch! #please <U+E411>
Here come another 20 examples of the #Psyop you all suffer every day
I'll be 30 in July. Pretending that it's not happening sounds like a good idea to me too.
I mean - it's a little early to be giving her retro chic props, or some kind of vintage pedigree. Maybe in another 10-15yrs.
This lightning is actually pretty peaceful...
i guess i'm doing this whole writing thing wrong
punks too
GO FOLLOW AND ME PLISSS!! !
RT : If you think it's expensive to hire a professional to do the job, wait until you hire an amateur
Up & running - the LATE NIGHT SHOW! Thanks to the cast and crew for adding a show for this sold out run of FIRST DATE!
RT : Gus, "I want a magic wand for my birthday" Me, "ok" Gus, "a real one- so I can turn you into a buffalo"
Watching anything that starts with "G" & ends with "lee!"
That wine blows. Sorry. No can do.
the boys should be coming to america soon because tour starts next tuesday the 22nd! (: (: (:
WHAT IS ? xD
haha...I'm just RTing all over and not realizing what I'm doing ....LOL
i thought it was!
#ICantStandPeople who don't take showers every day, we can smell you ...You stinky muthafucka
RT : Passed 900 on the way to 1000 dwnlds current interview w/ on most listened to ep so far http:
thanks. was just telling my wife what an encouraging conversation we had last night. All the best.
same to you. Let's go red devils!
RT : Weird headline that was perhaps inevitable: "NBA Suspends World Peace."
Why am I up...and why am I on Twitter??? GN. LOL
Watching Godzilla c:
there is something drastically wrong with our political system when all it comes down to is money!!!
sometimes they tell you what you want to hear, not what's real.
Will you be coming to NC?
Amazon bribes Prime members to accept slower delivery option "No Rush Delivery" with $1 in MP3 credits. Smart.
A mother will do anything for the love of her children just to see my babies smile makes my day complete
Bravo! -> #love user tagging - can you automatically tag all of the users in the same org given a list of domain/org pairs?
20factsaboutme 3) My fingernails are painted a different color everyday! :)
when!? I need to see you!!
Thanks - I need that pep talk at this very moment. You are correct!
the way Donovan whirls this offense now in the postseason, Gators gonna be a very tough out. arent peeps chirpin about this offense?
I get tired of college football game television directors who keep missing plays because of replays or crowd shots...timing is everything
Beyond depressing. Heart wrenching. Do not watch unless you're emotionally in the right mindset. But DO watch.
Fox News: bin Laden savagely murdered without trial by Obama.
That school day after a sick day when you think you're going to die
JockTalk is jumping on the bandwagon. already does this for 1K celebs, including top athletes.
seriously?????????? That's how you ask a famous person to chill with you? Lmmfao
To correct, no Mariner has been "in the game" so far this season. RT Tom Wilhelmsen now in the game for
Patron comment card from last night: "I love everything about this play." So do we! Happy Opening to The Pitmen Painters!
Thank you for taking the time to talk with my team tonight. Looking forward to 2010.
Lazy Sunday with the kitty. Maybe I should go to church or something...
good morning and have a great day at work.
My team and I are gearing up for the Hall of Honor event tonight at the Four Seasons, looking forward to it!
your soo sexy!!
Looking fresh. Out of the meat locker.
I love cuddling (:
I could..... Lazy me
Join us tonight for #DragQueen #Bingo at 5 p.m. in the ballroom! All proceeds benefit DFD p:ear, sistah!
takin' it easy, in the big easy..
Goodman tweet was tying a professional business man with a amateur athlete, that's my problem with it.
Was that a 92 mph change-up?
Team Summit Colorado Snowboard Team in Vermont at the Burton open! Colorado comes to Vermont!
I'm thinkin' My Chemical Romance probably! Yours?
you wouldn't even know about that if it wasn't for me so Haha your beat
Fear will end when I start taking good enough care of myself to know that I'm trustworthy.
How's it going out there?
Who's going to #HH? Can't wait to get out & grab a drink! Best part? It's a $1 #Bartab drink! Who wants one? DM your email & I got you!
Im not human I kno I'm an alien
Justin Bieber! #SomeoneIWantToMeet <U+2665>
MAN ITS HOT AF
TD Jakes is talking about the combination of Passion and Purpose. They are married America!
Mom's gonna look at the tickets Friday(: I hope she says I can go, I have to see my love <3
I see you blastin that
Be sure to listen to our #podcast live on #blogtalkradio at 3:30pm tomorrow 6/15 and check out our blog at www.weeklylineup.blogspot.com
bright and early in the mo-o-rnin'...
whoops! Wrong account. What Shindig said ;)
Woody Paige is seriously pissing me off. I'm about to challenge him to the octagon.
Just saw At the River I Stand last Sun night. EVERYONE needs to see it.
Leave the cleaning to us. Are you cleaning right now? Retweet this message if you are!
Guys!!!! What's yall perfect night out with a female???
Saving face must c this!
minus the news story, the photo plus the comments is almost funny. like everyone's feeling sorry for them sitting there being them.
Very cool. Is yall's blog public?
I'm so fucking lost. I hate this feeling.
The person you are thinking of is also thinking of you
u live following and unfollowing me
You've just bought the perfect laptop, now get the perfect Wireless Internet to go with it - CLEAR Internet, only $30 a month & NO CONTRACTS
Right, you said it was because he was a soccer fan. How is that any better? Violence should never be an option.
Everyone trying to be a hardass stoner tomorrow, just remember: you won't get high your first time.
Peg's dress with the red? Yes.
i'm barefoot right now neener neener
The forecast at the Conservatory is a solid 70° all weekend. Just sayin
bout to head the mall
you're mean
prob won't work w/ your schedule, but if you can get to BGSU check out campus pollyeyes, amazing stuffed breadsticks
Green your next glass of wine by choosing local & organic wines which uses fewer chemicals than mainstream wines and preserve the...
thanks Rob, appreciate the plug :)
hahahaha!! oh! good point!
Ojj my legs.
Set your watches, smartphones, or whatever you've got for Monday at noon. Major announcement(s) will be posted!
don't worry disappointed in the not
playing the Black cab this weekend? I bet it sounds awesome!
Stay warm and safe at Warwick Seattle Hotel tonight. Call us and use the rate code SNOW for 25% off our best available rate and $10 parking!
umm not really sorry.. How do I know you? It's been a while
How can I get a booking for u ?
Call me "Matty O'Lehrman" - I've got your arts & culture fun today on Ch 3's Good Morning AZ at 9:12am.
Whatever happened to Black Arthur Blythe?
trying to actually finish things today so I don't have a big list of half-way done things...here I go!!
Lovin the costumes or MadMen tribute on today. Can't decide if I like Woody Paige or Bob Ryan more.
Proud to be your first follower! “: Yo, it's ! Tweetin' it up w/ my new handle”
Mass Effect 2 has several, I think. The conflict between Shepard and the human advocacy group Cerberus is fascinating.
Love that title, Dawn!
no trivia win ystrday (we don't risk points on Qs we don't know during playoffs) but I did break even w/ risky $5 sidebets = halfwin?
Don't forget! Tonight is the Pitt Greeks Happy Hour at the Hofbrauhaus in Southside Works. Bring your friends!
Hope you wake up early in the morning and make your way to a worship service. Be blessed!
I know, can you believe it?!
Attempting to connect Twitter to facebook and myspace turned out to be more work then I thought
Bicycling to work makes the whole day better
Last day of summer vaca before I start my new job tomorrow!
March Madness is great---love the fact that two Colorado teams are in! It will make it more fun to cover go
i have been told this numerous times...i always take as a compliment “: An #Aquarius girl has a very boyish side!”
SEND THAT!
hello twitter people!! what a lovley friday its turned out 2 be!!!.
hmm, perhaps. But I still hate salad
yes you are duly credited! bravoe!
College Road is now open
the internet is a dangerous place for medical procedure research.
sweet tea and pecan pie
yes... without loyalty none of the other stuff really matters
watching tv
what day is your bag packing campaign?
Story of my summer. Netflix didn't have HIMYM streaming, so I got them by mail. Would watch an entire disc in one day
#wwhl Harold is awesome! Uchiko is the best of the Top Chef restaurant I have eaten at out of the 15 I have been to.
Read e-mail.
It was great! Cant wait until the next time!
Ever wonder about how responsive the search engines are these days? They are on par with everything in their contexts. I don't have that.
hahaha, that's really funny, are the retirees on the list?
If u have to lie to someone, u don't deserve them in your life
diggy is fine.!
#Ravens ranked No. 9 in #ESPN Preseason Power Rankings
It's Happy Hour time Portland!!!
It's only happened once this pregnancy by a child who was sure, SURE that it was a ball. :)
#WhyFolksTweakin About snow...in Chicago...In JANUARY!!! Really, get your life together LOL
With President Obama endorsing same-sex marriage earlier this week, I hope every #LGBT person and our allies vote to re-elect him.
#LocalRapperQuotes "Check all the features I got on my album!!!!" You forgot to mention that you, by yourself SUCK
Draft day! Draft beer! Food specials! Come down and watch the nfl draft live! Hoops,hockey and baseball too
Go Rebels !! Come on down to the Riv poker room and help cheer on the Runnin' Rebels
At #did11 we're getting a live demonstration of a breakfast experiment from Language Logger Mark Liberman.
#PlanOfTheNight , Make The Bro Laugh Till He Pisses His Pants lol
Friday (8/19) is World Humanitarian Day...what will you be doing to help people??
Two things I hate strobe lights and horror movies
Nice story on the local wrestling scene. I wrote a cover story on those guys a few years back for Insider. Had them body slam me. bad idea.
Right-handed people live an average of 9 more years than left-handed people.
My thought exactly
Desperately trying to find motivation to study
What did YOU pack for lunch today? We're serving up the best Texas Cheese Steak Sandwiches here at Minnie's !!
“: A 8-year old boy named #RyanKennedy is in the final stage of brain cancer. His simple wish..to "trend" worldwide. RT to help!”
Great tweets!
Second full day of soggy paradise. Looks like we may never have a nice day on this vacation. Oh well, at least there are umbrella drinks...
I was going to Venus before it got hot. Now the atmosphere is just crushing.
And also, "IndoctriNation" just went live on RBN and the early feedback is that the drums are retarded!
Being called fat by your family hurts the worst.
We're planning a trip for the soul!! Soul Trip to NY to see the sites, eat kosher food and shop!! Join us!
Bar specials every Wednesday thru Saturday 4pm-Close.... 25% off all wines and $5 Appetizers....stop by and enjoy our great specials tonite
Jimmy you look different in that pic
So if we ever whoopty whoop, I want all the beepty beep.
hey you. Have you picked up on "Make You Proud" by ? If so, can you play that next?
very true huh!! I don't like thin phones especially paper thin one fall and that thing is history.. But I love my iPhone
Leaving free girl scout cookies around the office is so evil
#TapeMusicFestival composer Emilie Payeur made a soundscape that evoked a dark Shirley Jackson tale
Ah my brother's flight ended up cancelled too. Hf in Shanghai, eventually
i was being sarcastic lol she would never
Gavin Watt, SPH information technology supervisor, is named a 2012 #UMN President's Award for Outstanding Service!
jus hit 4000 followers on Twitter. Thnks for the support
I didnt see you today! Tomorrow?! Cc
OMG!! Bob Knight on ESPN. Makes me SICK!
one night stand...definitely or never
Can't read my, can't my, no we can read our mind. Poker face....
RT : just said meaningful reform can't happen with engaging teachers.
pay with a credit card.
Thanks everyone for the great discussion!
In 36 minutes, J.R. Smith had one fewer turnover than he did assists, steals, rebounds, and field goals made...combined.
Sad but SOO True
excuse me betch** is my friendly way of saying bitch (:
John, cant wait until Nov mtg! : Hire for attitude, train for skills, you can't teach honesty, hire slow, fire fast.
The Outfits Cee lo Green be wearing. Lmfao. Im cracking up off this performance. Short fatt Chubs! Lol.
thank you for that.
We know u had slow losses @ the end of last week so we want to check-in to see how ur #weightloss was this weekend???
Say it with your chest lil nigga!! (Kevin Hart)
Just found out about Chaos in Tejas. Pity that it comes at the worst time. FUCK.
I'm sorry, I didn't know that you had a hot sandwich.
Im so confused righr now.. Lmao
Family psycho-therapist David Peters discusses the film and the consequences of bullying.
I'm predicting double ot
thank you! will surely post to our blog.
Go Tennessee Titans
Where are you in Austin?!
Just at Amir Khan's / Freddie Roach's media sparring session before the big fight.Looking in good form.
I so badly want to be Donald Trump Celeb Apprentice--Too bad Im not a Celeb not yet ;)
spurs 15 wins in a row. OKC has not tdone that. better THUNDER UP! way up!
Yay! Good job!
Now he looks like a good time! Hope you all enjoyed your Cinco de Mayo festivities!
AH-MAZING. I swear, some of my favorite BSB songs are the ones where Kevin has a solo!
it was great
wishing that my Blackberry 8830 we WAS compatible with Macromedia Flash Player
yep! I gotta listening party to goto then i'm back in the stu!
I gotta be careful with the touchscreen on my phone. I keep 'liking' strangers comments on Facebook. They're probably like, "Who the f*ck?"
There are no words that can even describe it. It's so nasty out it's seriously giving me a headache. Ugh, where's the nice spring weather?
How many games do they have left, & what's the point margin for promotion? I'm excited I might get to care about EPL again..
*hugs* it was rough for me to :-(
Perhaps I should point out your transgression after being released. What say you? *Recalls my excellent knots*
Heterostructures make better solar cells Combing different nanocrystals and capping ligands could increase photovoltaic efficiency
have the grandest birthay ever is grandest even a wordd oh well love you Have a great time with your family/friends
No more "Still early in the season" excuses for Bell. He is a shit sandwich in a baseball jersey.
A date... I've heard of it... Its what some people do before sex right?
So ready for Hilton Head Island, but sadly it won't happen for another 23 days. Yes, I'm counting :)
Yippee! It's been a while but I'm at
Fuck yea titans lost ha ha ha
Unless there's free pizza involved...right DFinch?
Glen Dale RT : About to find out the sex of Baby Blogle 2.0. You will know when I'm allowed to tell you. Guesses? Names?
I participated in a teleclass today on blogging, hosted by Starr Hall. It was fabulous. I am still a bit overwhelmed. I recommend her ...
It should be friday
Jessica Sanchez is in it to win it! Who0o0o!
Thank you, Colonel!
What have we learned about people? Who they are is who they are. No matter what we want.
#confusing. But seriously there needs to be a higher turnover ratio in every seat AND salaries should be donated to a charity.
We hope Stagewest's production of In the Next Room has a wonderful opening night tomorrow!
As my #Kickstarter Campaign is running on US time, I am also, from across the world. It's like reverse jet lag.
"Beauty isn't from a pretty face, but from a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul <3"
apparently so.
MY MIND.
so i heard the boys have a twitter where they pretend to be fans??
Virtual Worlds and museums - maintaining reputation and authority in field is important!
Great talk, but I didn't think I'd hear talking about blogging in his underwear.
thanks to our #2 fan christopher edwards for giving it his all at the slowdown last night
ARRA $ are locked in limbo between the Feds and the State. No way to use our grant money to get what we need before school is in session. :(
Watching #Tigers game is now considered punishment in the state of Michigan
I'm dying for #innout right now. Lunch break from work? Okay, fine.
IMAX tickets for midnight showings are already sold out :( we're now hoping they open more screens or get to a normal one.
pay half of it in taxes! Then, try to take over the world...
As soon as its straightened lol
thanks, love being able to walk to/from work.
no one will see it coming ;)
you are my life inspiration.
The surprising truth about what motivates us. bit.ly/9Viz0V
Hey everyone follow
You got the *ishh that somebody would look for but won't find .
challenge accepted.
We use #333 for DU and I agree... I'm ok with slightly lighter depending, but some sites have gone overboard with it.
also clearly still doesn't understand how BC works or that it is sometimes a purely medical need which was Fluke's original point
also the "safety" crew taps you on the shoulder when you take a photo... So...no pictures
You keep it copacetic And you learn to accept it You know it's so pathetic-Local H, Bound For The Floor
im from the ville where they bang fo the money and carry fo fives like change fo a twenty.
Thanks because you rule, birthday girl! RT : Aww man-- everybody rules!!
Eating at IHOP!
Taking a #Smallbiz class through #sfmade !
OMG!! Penner has a pulse!
Bring your business cards -> is doing a biz card raffle for tickets to “A Christmas Story” at the Paramount!
Even when you think you have no more to give. When a friend cries out to you, you will find the strength to help!
still find it hard to make a point in 140 characters or less.
nice work ms roth
Pulling up to Buchanas.
Spending this week with my family
really? Cool :)
you have to check out today's post - my friends!!!
Would you 'LIKE' on #fb or 'FOLLOW' your favorite #bar, #restaurant, #cafe or other #smallbusiness to get their Free Wifi password?
Santos is picking up intensity !!!
www.theouterspacemen.com We just finished up 5 more pages to the sequel. If you have not read the first book go get it now. A must read
We are now reviewing application #130144 - Jasmine Begeske.
Oh! So are you moving to Portland? Lol sorry i don't know much about this stuff.
Never would I got throw the same shit twice
Pleasure all mine! Good luck with your little rockers!
eek the smoke shop up the road is getting REALLY sketchy... not shopping there anymore!
I'm done tho I ain't even mad...(:
I was thinking something very acidic to mute the salt, for starters. This'll probably involve several elements to achieve balance
will you fly us out too?
At a conference on digital books, and panelists keep mentioning how much they love physical books.
Omg the teacher played one direction in English. What is the world coming to?!
Checking out the event at for #mcbw. Let's see how it goes...
his dad was just sittin in their garage n dave walks in with a nice shlong on his face
Not that I a nay sayer, but for collective knowledge's sake - give me three reasons why an iPad would be better?
Cant Wait For 2morrow the new VAMPIRE DIARIES SO EXCITED
you are an awesome Mom!
You should probably go buy a television.
I'm intrigued...sounds neat/helpful (except for the 7am part). Where could I get more info?
Are there such things as Zombie Llamas? Bec. holy crap...
. Thanks for the follow. What a cool concept you have!
Thanks for the shout out. We think we're pretty cool too!
Happy Monday everyone! Don't forget about chapter tonight at 7. Have a blessed day!!
Screen Printers seem to be doing pretty well right now!
Thanks! I'm loving my new car !
just installed a fan and wish I had this. Gonna consult you prior to all purchases from now on.
Just got word that ticket outlet the #Beerbox @ Grant & Academy has ONLY 79 tickets left for the show 4/28 - 215-673-7837
o, missed handshake
Joe Suarez of tells students about ua brand strategy. Ironically just signed temple university athletics ( students)
Me neither! My mom said "It's not the money. Even if we had all the money in the world I still wouldn't get you an iPhone."
Did anyone who went to high school with happen to vote him "most likely to not text back when asked a question"? Haha.
Do people naturally gravitate toward you?
ok well i have added you
Getting a team together!
Just got comfortable and now I gotta freakin' pee!
awh :( I'm sorry! what's happened today? you know always got your good ole friend Rikki to talk to!
Ballgame. Can't wait for tomorrow.
hahaha nice! But now I won't dare go to Mexico!
:o RT : I should rape a lesbian... it would be funny.
Thinking of the Captain this father's day weekend...he is one missed and loved man. Happy Father's Day dads!
Please take pictures
RICH FOREVER.
I chopped off all my hair. At Dupont celebrating.
told by are leader we are going to do the same song that I aM Me & ICONic Boyz dance to! Cant wait:) "dance but i can dance on yay!" lol!
I WANT TO SEE AGAIN! HOOT FEST, HURRY UP<U+E406>
Busy, Busy day here in the DanceFit office! We're looking forward to a long but fabulous week!!
I LOVE THIS SONG
according to one source is an idiot. another one of my sources says "he will be fired but nothing is imminent"
phone fail.
All fantasy baseball leaguers: Brew is on twitter
This relationship isnt gonna get enjoyable with all these restrictions I can't even have any fun <U+E108>
haha yup ..thats great! i ordered px90, i gotta decide when imma dedicate my workout time to it &get at it.
Melinda zeider, curator #SItweetup living my childhood dream job.
Slow-roasted orange pork with gremolata and broccoli slice Bay View! Get some while it lasts!
Great intvw tonight w/ , a tru remixer of music and homes. Check his hit show out Sundays
Long live the walls we crashed through, I had the time of my life with you.
I'm seriously slapping my face because of how sexy my last picture is o m g
Ouch RT : ABQ coffee tries to charge me $7 for red eye. Explanation: "It's Intelligentsia. That's what they charge in SF." LOL
So, #OLA media is having an internal debate over how they can best individually profit from selling riot porn? And most are in favor?
Curious to see what you think of that. Just finished it not too long ago.
“: Wtf BK has smoothies and Frappés now?! #IWant” & sundaes with hot brownies on top. Yurm <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
hearing about the credit card scares... could be real bad... :( cyber security has warned about this for years...
: I'm coming I'm coming I'm running as fat as I can.
Seeking to connect with Development/Fundraising Professionals-current openings in Seattle!
RT : I can't imagine saying "I'm bad at reading" yet we accept saying "I'm bad at math"
back at ya! enjoy the rest of your week/weekend.
Great. Love all of you. Yes, the writers too (especially the writers). Would hate to say goodbye...
um url please omg
The past comes with us like a chaperone, standing between us and the newness of the present. -- Jeanette Winterson
that's da same thing I'm screaming
Just because it's gluten free doesn't mean that the food is low carb.
Slept from when I got home til now.. cool
What is good with tonight
in my book he is coach of the century!!!!!
Volunteers don't get paid, not because they're worthless, but because they're priceless. Sherry Anderson
shy about telling that you need help remember what I always say "Don't worry so much about today because I know that tomorrow
I'm not the one making absolute statements, comrade.
It's funny how you could talk down to me like that, but then when I do it to you, it's suddenly wrong.
Support www.RunToStopDiabetes.com
am I on this??
Dude, it had been a couple of years...ha!
It has been 1 YEAR since i fell in love with <21
For flip cameras use Compressor (part of Final Cut Studio), Adobe Encoder and Quick Time to export into different formats.
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE EVERYONE!""""
That's hilarious. They must really be making a weekend of it since they were doing all yesterday afternoon too.
“: My cat raps. His name? Wiska lifa.”
hahah omg my friend embarrassed me in the mall... awkward situation..
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH. you just made my NIGHT. omg , I frikin love you :)
The ball is tipped. Go #Marquette. Play like Warriors.
I agree with you on this one. Sorry
it's a way of life, go find so folk and then follow them. Talk shit and reply to people talkin shit ya hea?
If I'm VT, I take a hard look at him. Coached under Dean w/Roy at UNC. DIII titles. HS experience at Episcopal in NoVa.
Loving the Christmas music!!
What's the best breakfast?
Does anyone know what "Scheduler Error" is on #Tweetdeck? I need help! thanks!
You will be missed.... remind yo frenz!
You know, that's the best thing I've seen on twitter all day!
you can use a or an trust me. I had an hour lecture on this yesterday lol
just had a drink and dinner in Lubbock. woo hoo
but you're beautiful
Thanks man! your youtube videos have been very inspirational !
Dark Chocolate covered raisins are nutritious & healthy, right?
i hate you for making me see that -_- lol
Haha you all south of Lubbock are not worth breaking into Desperate Housewives. #ronroberts admits he is a fan!
thank you
If flirting was all it took to get a job, honey, I'd be golden!
lol thats true though. I agree.
RT : anyone done a post mortem analysis on the death of the rt? Nice #RT technique ! ;)
do u get the veggie sausage? (is that even a possibility?)
Lol ok I'm done. Omg yay its Friday
When my brothers friends are SO weird????????
Thanks for following!!
*cleans up more*
Lovely Friday. I could go for kicking back and enoying some New Glarus Spotted Cow.
Although it played a rather minor role in the Civil War, New Orleans was the only city in the CSA to have a population of more than 100,000.
Looking for micro-temporalities in networks means looking, not for flows, but for "bursts," a kind of body politics.
Will the Rangers Win?
Matthew Albritton wrote: Ah hell....it's 1:40 pm... Guess I should get up, put on my big girl panties and get some dad gum work done...ugh.
Are you going to be at NACA? We'll be getting the word out at the Rockthe Cause booth this Saturday. Stop by and say hey!
LOL, good point. Don't you love his idea? Excellent out of the box thinking!
that's what I'm here for :-)
Its like you only want the people thats taken
For a minute there I thought you were whipping your hair around McDonald's in a state of inspiration.
Still noticed some residual keg a few months ago. Will the actual drought period be experienced as it's pushed to the right?
Justin + Brody scored a goal in their soccer games on Saturday. Colorado Fusion is doing a great job this season. www.coloradofusion.org
Off to get two tracks mastered. One you know, one new. Will play 3-4 of our tracks in Chicago :)
RT : Never underestimate your own ability, I mean, God gave it to you, it's got to be incredible!
I'm so glad it's Friday. I don't think I could stand another day at work. I think I'll rest, read and soak in my bathtub all weekend.Ah!!
No, I refuse to serve you next Tuesday, Nikki Adeli! (Not because I'll be at the science fair or anything…) ;)
this is why I love you!
not talking about going home. No way. Never leaving. You can't make me.
All three of our Arts Journalism panel members walked thru the door in succession: , and Hedy Weiss!
What#GrindsMyGears is you you America - Family Guy
Come see some awesome bands from out of state (NYC.SanFran,Detroit) 643 west 31st street 10.00 donation covers all(food,music,cafe)!
No...say it isn't true!
Josh Beckett and Dustin Pedroia love grape soda, what's that tell you?
<U+2665> I always loved him .. even when he was hurt until the pain and move to tears .. <U+2665>
Wonder if I can get to 200 followers by midnight...i follow back...
what's up guys
Re-downloading my entire music library from Google Music after a drive failure. Thank TW Cable doesn't have data caps.
Drove all over the Ohio Valley last weekend to nearly have an encounter with a deer on Emerald Parkway in Dublin tonight.
The best feeling having someone call u balling their eyes out after reading ur script!!!
Back then they didn't want me...
who did it !? Text me now !
The memory of being here with you, is one I'm gonna take my life through. Cause some days stay gold forever.
that is crazy!! RT : Each day, 4 billion YouTube videos are watched (wow!) says
if you are so happy with mediocrity, why mourn over not being good enough?
Twenty nine, more days left... (11/40)
no way. Johnson is too technical. He couldn't handle the intimidator
yeah I know we used to talk every day
I've also apparently acquired a position in some museum's Department of European History and Civilizations. :3
In this month's playboy they had the genesis of the hooded character at the end of the episode, hope they show it next season
next week will be beautiful hang in there !
Looks like were off this weekend. Anything exciting going on in #Sacramento Fri or Sat? We will RT anything for you !
Sitting here with my granddaughter thinking Paige should have picked Bubba Thompson...
Im watching "Insidious" lets hope i dont scream!!!!
EYE can't see you
Driver turns himself in, per Clackamas County S.O.
So, appears that the weeks worth of work I did on ths new site misses a critical component that makes it work. So, redign is in the offing.
I can't hear what's going on in this Korean Drama. I'm eating frosted flakes and it's making too much noise in my brain.
After watching consecutive wendy's commercials. I really want a frosty right now lol!
Its the Baraboo blood... Nothing is made poorly in Baraboo. Bet he was the best lookin Bucky too.
Hey Steven, what's your at-bat song?
Oh, it is SO GOOD! Twisted and dark, but incredible! I hope you enjoy it, I couldn't put it down.
The winners were chosen by our Facebook fans. They voted for the photos they liked best.
My advisor (a Jordan student) claims there was an X-rated parody of White over Black circulating in Berkeley in 60s
That should be the ONLY thing on your linkedin profile.
It's true that money isn't everything — as long as you have enuff. If not, that's all there is
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
can i do it sunday? I'm sry but i don't know how to do it without my phone..
#nw The Wood
“: If ease of use was the only requirement, we would all be riding tricycles. ~ Douglas Engelbart” what would be so wrong w/ that??
"I am only one voice, but if u pray with me we are a church, if you sing w me we are a choir, if you scream with me we can change the world"
ayye yo we wanna meet you !but then again who doesnt?
omg just spent an entire weekend watching Say Yes To The Dress marathons and I want to get married SO bad. come and get me!
I love this movie! Natalie Portman is great and you can tell she trained a lot to become a ballerina
NAW I'M GOOD THIS HOW I TALK LIL HOMEY
Famke, Eli, and Netflix? Awesome!
My bro gettin on my nerves
In 20-30 years one of the hardest things our kids will have to do is finding a username that hasn't already been taken.
wat if im out of town ?? D:
Fuck you 'Pal'.
i freaking hate heartburns, cant eat spicy foods for a week
Fuck yeah loiter squad got a second season!!!!
Thanks. Good looking house. Ill have to check it out.
Time for a smoke
TeamGoodShit...Cant b stoped Blaze like its no 2marrow
hope he don't be doing all this stuff the whole month
and Research and development I'm sure. At least research.
- Unfortunately, SC Gmail plug causes Chrome to lock up when using the "label" shortcut key, rendering it unusable. Removed.
Love Cameron Diaz's gown! Gorgeous!! Also love Sandra Bullock's too! Stunning back on it.
Choose us for your next breakfast meeting!
i hear ya on that but here its hot out. +cant be in sun b/c of z-pk im on.
Heard ur back at recurring cuz of the issue with the kids on camera? Ugh ur way too funny for "recurring"!
I'm glad this is going easier than I thought it was going to be.
let's learn about the law of large numbers...
because we like to be friends with other people who love and :) & i think ur tweets r fun :)
My head hurts. My eyes hurt. My heart hurts. I'm emotionally drained.
OMG why do I feel drained out!!!!
Or, in some cases, help steer clear of the future we DON'T want to have.
I would date her.
Seeing tonight. I'm stoked.
I'm sure they will enjoy watching our escape on the security cameras-ha!
RT : disagree. Guys have rolls. Jansen was not good in the ninth the other day.
youtube.com/dearsubmarine!
Day 3 of NTI in the bag. Looked at some SLO paraphernalia today. Time to see the outside.
I think I've had more patrons interrupt me while I'm trying to help another patron than I have ever experienced before.
Welp God clocked me in for another day
Mayor bloomberg speaking at capitol in albany at signing ceremony for pension reform - "This agreement provides broad based relief."
i wished that would dm me #someday :)
hey ladies, i will definetly have 2 join the chat soon...grad school has taken over, and i miss my fashion world
i just did the tootsie roll at 12:46 am. wow. lol
Strasburg has just finished warming up ;)
you too bro! Hope the celebrations were good...
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful its not the makeup on your face or the padding in your chest, its the inner things. Its upsetting no one realizes it.
STD's Are REAL , Dumb Niggas Be Raw Dogging Hoes & Having Unprotected Sex Like Its NOTHING
Brody: we worked on the premise that language is limited so we looked for new ways of communicating
830pm EST is an acceptable bedtime, yes?
Congrats to ALL who received awards at this afternoon's Closing General Session! List of winners to follow...
A man of great wisdom & taste.": .... I hate hockey."
Out here trying to function! :/
#SecretGinger? So does that mean the carpet doesn't match the drapes?
Thanks for the follow! Would love to help out.
My coworkers are making me laugh lol #ICant with these people
Hey it looks like & are talking about heading down there for lunch early next week!
While you are on the topic - I just started watching & am a fan of Mr. Bates too! He is humble & proud, I respect that.
Higher education can't be a luxury, it is an economic imperative that every family should be able to afford
Pump it up!
I've had two cups today!
This Saturday, 11 am - 2 pm, SECCA & Mock Orange hosting “Take a Kid Mountain Biking Day.” FREE. Enjoy fall with your kids here at SECCA.
I for one would love to see you, a machine built sculpted grown man, spanking children with mittens on lol. Happy holidays Terry
ahahaha! I always seem to get sucked into Intervention marathons.
What a pass by ovechkin!
If you end up going to Magnolia get the German Chocolate cupcake- definitely the best one there! See you soon x
We hope so! Our friend who did them has bot said anything back yet
yeah we are
I suspect most in #mn6 already knew.
Thanks for the recommendation. I do go through the list periodically...will have to do that again soon.
Hey there! Thanks for the RT! Have you entered?
Do not start from scratch. Adapt your slogans in a neutral or regional Spanish. can help
Can we pre-order Tin Swift at your Beaverton appearance Tuesday night?
Tonight is Daylight Savings Time...don't forget to set your clocks back one hour.
This bus omg loll
us too! Ha ha.
92 Food Baskets and hundreds of Chicagoans have a Thanksgiving dinner they couldn't afford. Mission accomplished! www.feedchicago.org
Love me some Fat Allies. Big Fat Hugs 2 Forrest Martin, Gretchen Palmer, Amanda Mercedes Salles, + every other fat ally out there! Thank u!
RT : I want sex on the beach but I don't want sand getting in the wrong places.
Condition improved= 1 Mirror Pond, 1/2 pint of Hop Trip. Pretty disappointed w/ the latter this year.
Going to the Denver <U+E01A> vs. St. Louis <U+E529> game. <U+E42B> GO BRONCOS!! <U+E42B>
i mean, i think once you've read one old white guy who's invested in attacking sedgwick you've sort of read them all?
The problem with me is I'm a very jealous person...very jealous
Penguins 0-3 in playoffs when playing following a Pirates loss. 2-0 when following a Pirates win.
Yeah....with the L train passing in the background. Love that shot. I wish I had video of my dad seeing that for the first time.
RT : If cleanliness is close to godliness then my closet is burning in hell
This game has been a little odd, no?
apparently there's a bug...so it's not you, it's Twitter :)
yes...dave grohl is amazing.
What a great day to wear a bikini!
Only 3 weeks left until and ’s In the Art of the City event at the gorgeous !
RT : Yes. sez that creating a separate tech strategy necessarily ghetto-izes these efforts.
Is there a premium for home runs in medical care?
Yeah this is the kinda stuff that makes me want to do AmeriCorps or work for the Red Cross.
Why, thank you!
Perseverance is not a long race it is many short races one after another. -Walter Elliott
I FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK!!!!
Haha I was crying:( but a lot of people said it was just for 3 months!
Shell Games -Bright Eyes<3
Getting truly obnoxious and odious anti-union ads before tunes come on in
Awesome! Thanks for sharing!
got hurt on thanksgiving... really not that long.
New season of Keeping Up With The Kardashians next week! Yay!
Need a new Sun brunch spot and don't want to wait for hours? I am right now...nice patio and delish mimosas/eggs! Check it out!
RT : I'm just forewarning you before the season starts.
its really funny look on youtube drunk girl at ultra 21012
Lol ok, I right witcha on this 1 man.
chill'n with the caps
Red sox are actually winning ?! Woaahh
So im in vegas an trynna figurre out wat to do
I was missing the mileage limit :(
So tired. Don't wanna go home and do the history project. Can school end already?
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)14
lol all I see are brothers hugging ...am I on the right show??
"you have options" hitting home
Will do man will do. Whatchu think about the playoffs so far... still rooting for the Celts? Can't stand 'em man haha.. NYC all day
#PRTherapy at #TF12 rocked! Awesome advice on how to (and how NOT to) deliver perfect pitch. Thx! ,
Did you know that bigfoot is also known as Skunk Ape? Why? They can emit strong odors like skunks when spooked. Not all bigfoots smell bad.
» Congrats to you and the entire Pixar crew for the Oscar win!
Going to the gym this week. Too cold to be outside.
yea and pirates of the Caribbean . And a lot of other shit! He inspired me to go into making film scores . Shit is super dope
“: #teamlebron stand up!!!!!”. tell em family
Who's fucn with that show tonight! I kno my fam will be in attendance!
what does that mean?
was this around BU? I've biked up there a few times recently and they like to step in front of me...
My day has been a mixture of hunger, anger, and boredom.
that would be insane!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> you come with me instead ;)
“The tragedy of life doesn’t lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goals to reach.” ~ Benjamin Mays
"Jenner the Gozerian, by the power vested in me by the state, city and county of New York...."
“ I know I'm throwed off....”atleast u admit it lol
Why are my feet always so cold, and why am I wide awake at 12:30am?
Every lesson forms a new scar
hi who is your favorite we superstar
It is so nice outdoors this morning!!!!
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's @ One Up. Obviously our drink specials and Food will keep you happy but our 25 cent Wing Special
To my supervisor, it's been 2 times I've forgotten to count MLK day as a LH- Fri before & time sheet. Wonder if I come across as racist?
Thank you for the mention! We love you and !
#Anarchists protesting in #Seattle today. Will take movement seriously when they fund their own sewers.
I'll be on my way to China<U+2708>otherwise I'd take em'!
I like it ! #asha12 full steam ahead. How's the new scheduling system coming along? ?
EWE! I hope they catch him... Ugh! People these days...
Nothing puts me to sleep like the History Channel.
Is that the only thing you could say???
or they don't have the creative capacity to be active citizens in creating one. artists do. that's the dif.
Thanks for following Mark
John Legend is on Find Your Roots on PBS right now!
You have to love Melo's intensity in this game....
Hoping (10556) wins this board so I can share, 1st hand, the cool sustainability stuff is doing with folks at !
Unknown~ A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top .
: The prelude to tomorrow's Tommy Hunter conversation was classic! This is must listen radio. Full Three!
it was back in like 7th grade... I changed it now. Felt the purpleninja thing is
Maybe me being alone is for the better
scary read about chickens. I am just appalled at what food producers can get away with.
So true. It perpetuates the divergence of opportunity. To start poor is bad enough, then to be colonized means you're screwed
Words with friends is a whole different game after drinking almost a whole bottle of Vodka!
Yeah... I hadn't thought of that. Might be worth exploring tho...
#Rams are on the mock clock at No. 6. Justin Blackmon or Matt Kalil or Fletcher Cox.
Why people say can i ask u something
Love this! :)
Are you being forreal?:D
It's more metal that way.
RT : It's not how big your vocabulary is, it's how you use it.
RT how cool.
: You know me. My filters are low to start with! "Serial killer!" ... "vag*na!"
I only need one way to deal with WordPress emergencies...don't use it. lol
well im waffles from gs.. but call me JAKE
not this time ! I love being single, it's like a vacation away from boys! They have cooties!
Anne frank gave us no luck...i better not catch westbrook on the streets lol
they changed the view of my facebook notifications and I kinda like it this time.
assessment meeting tomorrow-end of the semester for reals--why doesn't anyone ever tell us what all this data is for? Why?
Face 3D scanned, wii mii generated from genetic data, hands mouth forehead & gut swabbed for microbiome, blood drawn - only at
Looking forward to seeing you!
Thanks for the shout out!
see now that's an update I like!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
The #wonderful feeling that only a #sunny warm day can bestow :)
actually...only 4 hrs...all by Phil. What a power hitter.
The arts must be considered an essential element of education... They are tools for living life reflectively, joyfully and with the...
Oh, THAT where. India. The description cites W. Ward's work so it's possible the artist never left the U.S./Europe.
I want to see them succeed and to stop bleeding support.
give him a little credit though. Because he does deserve it.
Eccles better have sprung for open bar...
Yeah, that poor East Coast viewing audience just can't catch a break when it comes to sports!
Gosh darn it! #tears i still love you
that message needs to be said loud and often. So, so true.
We love the way you try so many different styles of Yoga. Maybe there's a teacher training in your future? :)
Thanks and congrats to everyone involved in HellHouse's 4 AVN Award nominations.
I tired to have a conversation but you didn't even try to talk to me
It was so cold at softball.
Lakers are always wanting to fight when they about to lose. Its really pathetic.
yeah the constant act like a d-bag no matter who or where they are.
Is there still an open slot for presenting at TechStartupWorld?
Surprised Manning didn't consider SF more..With Davis and the addition of Moss and Manningham the aerial attack is sick..
Oy vey! 19-0run for Panathanikos vs. Maccabi. Me thinks that it's time to go to sleep...
"Am I going deep into the noun world, daddy?", Patrick asked. Well yes, I said.
Dream job! :) RT : I want to be my personal shopper.
Just got the remastered Kreator "Endless Pain" on CD today. Man, when I was a teen I spun this thing on the turntable endlessly.
thanks for the #follow stay tuned
Ive reached my following limit :O
2 Goals, Draw 1 Red, and injure 3 starters......That's opening a can of WHOOP ASS #sportingkc !
New Year's Eve Countdown: 2 days! What are you most excited for in 2012?
llnar woodley just sent out a thanks to the Seahawks on Facebook . You are lucky he was out last week
WHAT SHALL WE TREND??? #feelingtrendy!!
We are fervently praying psalm 62 today. Join us. Love, THE KRAEMERS
I'm always surprised at the amount of water there is in a waterbottle when I empty it
EPIC's little sister. Less data rate.
Wrong side of the bed? We did take back the park, Hamels hitting Harper Werth and the series win against the Phils.
That's right smashing new beats all day
the truth hurts, that's why people lie
hey Asia what up doe
Eating while watching tv -crunch- crunch-crunch-crunch I CAN'T FREAKING HEAR A THING
Let's go #Boilers!
that's kind of taking god's name in vane especially using a swear word!!!
ahha i know they boys go after them because they are "easy", where having a nice bitching session! haha
Matt is having some difficulty excepting that I beat his high score on the game Temple Run.
When and "Italian" restaurant pronounces everything italian wrong....
um, the "just for you" section is a wonderful selection of AWESOME. not sure when it got there, but sweet!
With gettin down :-)
Dam Yo Class is almost over dam alright well gotto laterz dont stop Rap is Still alive!! Well Byezz!!
Eroding safety net is not RESULT of #GOPFail #Austerity, it's the INTENT!
Where do boricuas watch the Cotto fight tonight out here in Los Angeles?
Correction. Whoever's in charge of the music just cut it off mid-song. Huge cheer from Caps fans.
Thanks for following. What's your beat ?
Officially hit the wall this afternoon...lack of sleep last night is to blame.
that's a terrific movie
hey did you know that the on-hold music you have right now for your 800 number is christian rock?
At Applebee's and love like woe by came on. It's been awhile since I heard this song..
How about if they win an award?
Our next LP should be a concept album about bodegas in the neighborhood where yr most likely to get stabbed by a meth head
On pretty days like this I wish I worked outside! I'm very excited to hit the park for lunch. Grab a couple friends for a #SUBWAY picnic!
yea whenever you start dancing, youll kill the party
only a few times
I love how Zayn Malik has a huge gay following just because he's completely flawless and has amazing looks.
Long, fun day. Shopping to outfit the new office (or should I say studio?), froyo with the littles, and now snuggles and the Wizard of Oz.
Q&A with Taylor Hanson of Hanson, part 1
I kinda like it
Please note: VHM will be closed Sept 29 and Oct 8 in observance of the Jewish Holidays.
Go check out their website. I support good businesses and charities close to my heart. Support this company and Retweet!
LOVE --> RT : Define yourselves by the good you do and bring in the world, by the truth you speak, and the justice you do.
where do you live
Jesse will pick
Cats don't require milk formulas. Your grocery bill won't give you a headache.
Cold tonight as lows will be in the low to mid 20's. What snow that is left tomorrow will disappear as temps will be mid 50's. Sun returns.
karma's a bitch.
The feeling you get when you know you're doing your math homework right has got to be one of the greatest things ever.
watching the Oscars!
Doh! Never mind. Sectional canceled. Change in schedule. Bummer.
hangout tonight veered towards talking about church and state. Socially, its a sucky hangout. Lovely convo tho, I just dont give a shit.
we had a great time! Wonderful event- thank you!
I want to see heat maps that show the relative amounts of time people spend looking at individual words/lines in poems.
I'm fit and that's good we'll chill if my mom let's her come too
yea when I was on the phone this morning she was saying how your pics were beautiful and congratulations!
"Were the hell is my boyfriend?"
Its hella funny when girls have nappy ass hair!!!
i can't handle my bully(ies) anymore
Hi, lovie! How are you?<U+2665>
Believers never die.
My Asian teacher turned on "Oops I Did It Again" in class and got really excited about it. I just learned so much about this lady.
I'd give anything to be on a lounge chair at hvcc right now..
Abbey Road
The earth is but one country and mankind is its citizens.
Waterpark in the morning with 3 year old, then vote on the way home. Awaiting Waukesha County before sleeping. Can already predict last part
That's a very sound theory!
lmao Then I'm Just Gone Be One Black Mf. Anyway I'm Just Evening Out My Skin Tone & Getting Rid Of Scars. Ha ya kno.
Marczak's (sp?) on 17th Ave in uptown might do it. On the West side, Parisi's is some of the best take out in town.
Totally! No problem!
. We're excited to see you! It's been too long.
The real reason to have two monitors RT It's called multi-tasking RT : Watching college hoops qualifies as working, right?
I woke up this morning and I was an owl. was right:O
Hahahaha eww sounds wrong how u said it manny. U hittin on my mom
Advice:take a nap. Eat a good meal. Refresh the brain and body-go study at 3.
Happy people plan actions, they don’t plan results.
Drove by the old Margie's building today...the sign that is in my background is officially GONE! Investigation has officially started...
been meaning to try Firefox 4- how is it?!
yummy the best to DD.
man this nigga don't like me cuz of some past shit lol
A fairly simple (2 day) change just made this game 2x as fun. Hooray! Now I'm going to have a beer.
woot!! sorry - I needed off Sunday. :)
Cellar Door Records is giving away a ticket to It's today! Tweet us your favorite local band and we'll choose a random winner.
Get owned fibs
Just woke up, gonna be late for studio
Thanks for the RT!
wine & relaxing w/
WHAT!? you didn't go. that sucks! I didn't either... so i guess i shouldnt be talking
Please join if you can.
I'll be there sir (Bluemound lot). Where you parking?
Half of these peple are ugly af!
Very cute sock
I'm RAW! I'm rugged and raw! I repeat, if I die, my seed'll be ill like me!
Come check-in tonight and show the bartender, from 7p-8p and receive FREE Bud Select Drafts!!!
Thanks to everyone that has followed us on Twitter! Have you liked us FanMailWraps on Facebook? Also, check out www.fanmailshop.com THANKS!
We just restocked the sticker station! To quote one of yesterday's customers, "Consumable, but not candy." Great for Easter baskets!
Still a SAINTS fan! WHO DAT!
Little suprised he didn't say "Kneel before Garnett!!!"
lol you did the same love sign i did in my twitpic.. your lame!
Im on one!!
Good one coming up tomorrow.
thanks you too! Look forward to working with you more!
bay area rapper stuff? Thank god you listen to good shit dear friend.
Loud laughers: If you aren't going to fill the rest of us in on the joke, please keep it down.
Watching footloose I love this movie I like the first one better though
Given the qualities defining Mr. Mission, I'm more like Senior Adviser to the Undersecretary of Fuddy-Duddies.
John Cornelius O'Callaghan is amazing. The Maine will always be my favorite band.
What's your go-to daily calendar? Any google calendar lovers in the house?
its in the air!
Deep throat gag and choke
Ha! Both RT“: haha. Literally, figuratively, or both?”
Almost got electrocuted by puttin a plug into an outlet
RT : #SecClinton "#Civilsociety should be viewed not as a threat but as an asset to government" Now @ Global Town Hall
We call those amoeba tables & we love them. We loved serving you, thanks for visiting us. So glad you enjoyed!
haha just sleepy
did he wink back?
seriously... these cupcakes. holy shit.
“: Golden Globes. Who cares?? And if you do, why?” Hear, hear. GG's are a joke. Not rich on integrity, either. And... Jets win!
I think his name is Captain Sean Collins :p
I was thinking the same thing. :)
I'm not familar with many social justice blogs. Any favorites? I'd like to read some. Aw you gotta have faith! The YA community
Sex and candy
I would be amused by the Corona Chargers, maybe the Old English Raiders, Burger King Cowboys, Arby's Texans
saw the opening of the original production in the 80's. One of my favorite musicals ever since then.
I am happy for you, enjoy life together
THE MISS RED AND BLACK PAGEANT IS TOMORROW! COME OUT AND SUPPORT
that can be arranged! ;)
skewl ain't kewl homie! I'm keeping it real, studying bra. Chya. Grab me extra handouts?!?!?!
Aye Mikey whats up?
ah discus shoes are so expensive!!
Nothing worse than being sick and not being able to find a comfortable position laying down.
agreed & I think all of our WR make that catch but JMike is a TE
#myweakness loving to hard !
Be sure to follow us on Twitter
Good morning and happy Monday, Anthony! Have you had another chance to look at our service, ? We'd love to discuss it
Nothing beats the sound of the pounding ocean. It calms and invigorates all at the same time.
Hang in there! You are almost done.
Thank you and keep sharing and voting 3 ways everyday in June!! <3
thank you so much ! I'm always so nervous !!
Sitting outside on Ventura Blvd. at Starbucks and it's absolutely perfect weather...finally.
I hear my dishwasher! LoL RT : Fun question...what are you listening to right now?
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Balladonia Raceway in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
Thank you so much man for the tweet! we are glad ya dig us! we have more music on the way :)
If Jane Austen were alive she'd be addressing the climate change issues as Sense and Stupidity. You know which side we're on.
lol is that working out well?
noice(: YOU ARE SLEEP LATE a llooooooooooot dont ya?
twitvid or Twitter phone app
NO HE's NOT...he is taken lol
I'm a duck.
Scariest part of the eye dr. Is that machine that blows air in your eye. I think they record it to see how much you jump
I'm so fucking tired
Having bus drivers that are too old to hear directions<
I can only lol at so much on my phone but I watched the video on your website. Straight rockin out like Jimi!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TOMO MILICEVIC is trending !! Hope you have a wonderful day!
Not old, just human. Writing and typing use different parts of the brain. Writing activates much more "right brain" than typing.
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times
A cool #Anywhere5K in Cary, NC 00:22:59 Good luck to all the other runners this weekend
Ha right!? Make it rain!
great job! Congrats! :)
Steve Nash named GM for #Canadian team. There are 6 other players from Canada that play in the NBA. Can you name them? got one.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways put his girl first and not go all the way to miami to see some bitch he don't even know .
Come have a beer on the patio and stick around for them trivia with at 8:00 & vs Portland! $$, prizes & beer!!
less funk, more funkadelic!
Bartab's making the madness last this week with FREE drink sends this Thurs from 12-5 PST. Spread the word!!
Nice to finally tweet again
That one was pretty cool. All the intersecting lines, and the way dirt and blue sky bang heads together.
Nomore shout outs? well goodnight.
The Bible was not designed to make sense of our lives, but to create faith in our lives.
Time for a three some me , my bed & my blankets <U+E105> G.Night! #TeamFollowBack #Follow4Follow #InstantFollow #500ADAY #TeamAutofollow <U+E13C>
Social media and marketing? Not so much. Injury-free exercise for a better quality of life? We get it. CG Philosophie.
damn it, i have a bloody nose. facccck!
Like the bag you see on our cover? Purchase Obagi Elastiderm Eye and receive a FREE Elastilash with Makeup Bag.
I think it's just you are the only one who uses them years later ... RT lmao maybe my all caps intimidated them. :(
Yes, I will be there. I expect you to be there as well...
Tats in weed gots ya bitch tryin to follow me all this ink a walkin master piece
Happy Friday!! We are looking forward to the EntreQuest Happy Hour in a few hours- ...Come and support or just donate!!
absolutely my pleasure.
He's in my Theatre into Film class!!
Excellent. Email me here today RT Yessir! You as well. I'm excited about Bus Trip nxt week.
Cornell University selects Videotel's HD2600 DVD for a new exhibit. Cornell's collections are are a vital part of learning and study.
What's Ellis?
It's evident shallow women outweighs righteous ones 80/20.
awards luncheon. Did you know that the Fortune 500 hold only 12 female CEOs?
The journey out west begins.. about 6 hrs late but its all bueno
U have nothing better 2 do than hate? That saddens me. Im surrounded by love Im sorry 4 whatever happened 2 make u so bitter.
It is in the patient endurance of affliction that the soul is seasoned with grace. FJRoberts
Today has stared out to be the best day out this week seeing my baby booski would make it perfect
absurd position RT Pryor Ohio says only OH lawyers can rep Cle Indians, Cin Reds, other Ohio players-violation of NLRA
the correlation is just not there... What's your point?
I love to watch you sleep
RT : Gnome fans! The will be here at 9am tomorrow as part of his Green Tour of Vegas.
Thanks for the RT!
I NEED A NEW BACKGROUND, FIRST PERSON TO RETWEET WILL GET THEIR TWITCON AS MY BACKGROUND LOL
Re. learning styles. Try to provide internal user education in multiple formats, tutorials, webcasts, etc.
Advertising friends: Stop making advertisements
yup tomorrow:)
What is the DEAL with Clay Buchholz balkinguh?
yep big time. Don't think his own wife believes in his sorry ass, she's in LA lmao
Vicars, MPS and lawyers were amont those who considered me to be the best hostess in London
i miss you to, how's school?
Don't know why I bother getting to the airport early for the flight back to Nashville from Austin. 4th time and always delayed!
(frowny face) unfortunately, no. wish I were. feel free to give Bob/Becky a hard time about not inviting me : ) have a grt conf!
TOO* RT : When someone says my products to high I say their pockets to low.
my computer isn't doing so well.
RT Chris who?
: ...workers have the power. We do the work. We make them the money. More respect that the big corporate profit hoarder types...
Happy New Year to everyone. This is a leep year so we get one extra day. Hope we use it wisely.
Gotta be honest: if the #NBA doesn't end up having a season, I probably won't notice.
it would be like one of those teenage movies, only with a bunch of adult Browncoats.
It looks like Randy Moss is also looking for a #job in #Boston. via
Good things come to those who wait. Good things come faster to those who go get them.
I rather have things bottled up inside than telling anyone about them. Truth of the matter is nobody really cares about what you feel.
RT : “All models are false; some are useful.” — George Box
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.-Eleanor Roosevelt
I uploaded a video to YouTube..... and then it disappeared. totally done with this chem project
Dang ... I cqan't retweet on my phone! But can we be bestfriends anyway? <3
Between , , and , we have a jam-packed weekend! What are your plans?
Story told by laughing his head off about his dad moving jobs from Mich to Wisc: He too loved to fire people!
lol I'm in austin
you're right .. And sometimes it's not even that bad, lol
Oh damn... I might need to buy that. Thanks!
RT RT : There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning, and yearning. #HAppyHAppyHAppy #TRE$
All of this excitement over #AAM2012 is making me depressed.
We shittin' on everyone else. RT : My Texas followers >
RT : As usual, does me a solid. Always good to me! So good, in fact, I'm giving away a free WEEK of co-working...
Today was ahhhhhhhhhmazing.. Thanks to (; he followed me. <3
tonight-tea, me & writing poetry
run or nap? that is the question
zactly zactly. Get to that... Then we working foreal.
what's good
Done. Let's figure out how to get Dwight Howard on the #mavs now.
I don't want to do a body cleanse to lose weight, I want something that will just clean my body of toxins.
so true
don't want them to take a corner but what investment do they have in DRC and Marsh. They make peanuts.
Nigga I got hands for days lil Boi you can be a test dummy :-)
I wanted to sleep until 10!!!! Geez, the hustle never ends lol.
I USUALLY DON'T DOUBT BUT IM REALLY DOUBTING THIS ONE
You're welcome. Love your blog
A true friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your pointless dramas over and over again.
I'll give you bushels of catnip to off the pigs next week.
"My heart is breaking, but there's no use crying"
I wish I could be brave
Thank you Justin!
So fun at #peterdunham 's party. Beautiful products...fabrics...people
RT : An #Aquarius takes things on as challenges so they are the best at whatever they decide to do
SnOOd of the day: many tine tanies on the meeting stye and a session with the new swagster !
Op: bayfront, healthcare, millennium, pension reform, tech park, university, open land
Sounds pretty awesome!
depends if you're going to be annoyed at lack of parking or dig the flow of purple and yellow outside the windows. its picking up
Who won the clash?
Lunch Special! One Free Drink with the purchase of any large salad, pasta, or sandwich!
All Star Chris Chelios was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame today! At #SGD11 we'll auction his signed hockey stick!
lol no hold on
Heading out to L.A. today, on set at 5:30am tomorrow at Sanna Ranch in Agua Dulce. Gonna blow some stuff up! Cool...
Melissa Harris-Perry is on and she is AMAZING!! Love what she had to say about The Help.
What? No CV? Disappointed :( I was sure I'd be seeing you at city hall soon. But congrats!
yeeaa.. but its about 5pm here in California.
Ya know that big fancy aircraft carrier on the avengers? Yea. I want that.
unfortunately, no...I also can't find the sticker that shows the quiet desperation of man...
Making It Through The Yellow Light >>>>
tears of a tiger made me cry in the ending :c soo sadd.
#inappropriatefuneralsongs ice ice baby
HI all my wonderful tweeps! Everything has been so hectic since the wedding. New website look coming soon + blog content. This w/e maybe?
and the saints go marching in!!! What a good game
$1500 Cash Prize
Howie says everyone in the world is supposed to play #WatermelonMan at the same time tonight??
Prepare for battle.
I LOVE when doesnt text me back :((
We should be "format agnostic" RT : Find it amazing how divided librarians are wrt eBooks in libs;Shows both strength/weakness
My sources tell me: Storm is improving! SWELLING HAS LESSENED IN HIS BRAIN! Keep praying :)
CIA thwarts plot by al-Qaida affiliate to destroy U-S bound airliner using bomb w new design on anniversary of death of Osama bin Laden.
College: Sandusky sex abuse trial delayed by 3 weeks The judge overseeing former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky's ch
Mike Bennett, master metal worker at Central Machine Works, is working magic on the Homeless Coach "Pennybacker Bridge" structure!
According to statistics from the American Association of Endodontists, 89% of patients report being satisfied with their root canal therapy.
Beavers lose to former non-DI opponent by 51 at home, then turn around and beat first-place Ducks in Eugene? Say what?
New week. 3 things I (still) don't quite get: 1) soda stream 2) local radio sampling #Whitney over house music 3) Ron Artest = World Peace?
hey rihanna, does the carpet match the curtains?
Hard to say what the best part of today was, but snuggling a friend's new rescued kitten is in the top 5.
i'm BACK! ;) how are you?
Prepping for my music video shoot this weekend! I've waited a long time to make a video like this! So exciting!
#dontbetardy new episode
Working on an imprinted ceramic mug project. Thanks Anissa!!! www.BNoticed.com
so there's this guy i like him he used to like me.... but he doesn't talk to me anymore... and idk what to do... :/
One mind awake can awaken another, The second awake can awaken their next door brother. Three awake can awaken the town By turni
reports that #Baltimore native #JasonWiner's TV pilot #1600Penn has been picked up by #NBC for a fall launch!
what is something you cant live without?
#tu222 still looking for my favorite Twitter tool.
Please follow on Twitter!
damn just realized chris dave, pino, and james poyser are on Adele's new album. sheesh.
dang! well, let's bring back leftovers for a potluck to extend our coma :) want in on this?
#Baseball Mom - up and at it early! Tournament weekend on deck!! :)
Congrads to for getting on stage and a medal
me too. Coffee later?
Playing the wii with my little brother.
Freezing outside waiting for doors for the show tonight in Indy. xp
All I need to do is Worship
Oklahoma drill, here we Go!
Can I follow like 9 more times then??!!
Good morning y'all!!
now that im most likely living in nyc all summer, lets get some shows poppin
strange how Pollux keeps reoccurring in my conversations. the frères éléphants were named after the twin stars of gemini.
Isn't spring glorious? Enjoy!
it sure is! The Ques shuttin it down!
I don't think i can do that...just close your eyes
": Kim Kardashian earned $17,900,000 from her wedding and divorced 72 days later" That a no risk return on investment!
hahah natural blonde. dont worry ima natural blonde too but i dyed it
kfoldvik: #sla2010 speakers - please remember to email with your presentations or links to the handouts, if we can post. ...
If that's his hoe, that's your hoe too..& if that's your hoe, that's his hoe too..
She is back. I am happy.
Pizza And Game With My #1 Man
They're going French, trying to make final push for Yann M'Villa?
You are welcome sir
lol yes it does work :) nd you should
Laying in bed knowing you don't have to get up for school is the best feeling.
funny thing is I saw him on Wednesday and he didn't look sick to me
are you alive? (oomf) would like to know and im ptfo. #lovebirdsunite ;)
building brand through social- "it's about honesty and authenticity," says owner
thanks brother! Chicago was such a great time. Glad you had as much fun as we did!
what a coincidence. It's shorts weather here too!
Had a great time in Madison with Now rooting for the Brewers to pick it up at Miller Park
for real? i thought you didnt like hardcore music. the lyrics are whats the best
Why are the Charlotte Bobcats wearing Lakers uniforms?
even though I'm apart of actoraccess - should I sign up for breakdowns express?! Is that only for casting dir? Thoughts?
thank you :) I'm gonna' try. You do the same!
join me in twitter
Happy Valentine's Day! Here's to Neruda, tiny chocolates and overpriced floral arrangements!
UN stands for Unceasing Noise.
See you guys in a few at the station.
But not enough for me to go ''beiliber''
- No, you are not alone Beth! LOL! I obviously have a thing for office supplies too! :)
#3WordsForYou Who wants seconds?
God is Good, All the time
ur harry potter fan? Who do u like?
FRIDAY! :D gonna get down on friday :P
My husband wins at freezer tetris.
Are you serious? And here I am thinking it was Very Badly.
why the fuck you trynna play me !
RT I just ran a Bernanke word cloud and it looks like Roubini.
good thought
sugar and princess dresses! Absolutely!
I miss the stage. I need to get the pipes up and workin real soon. Scales and hooks just don't do it anymore.
Key to beating Royals. Don't throw anything in the strike zone. Ever.
I LOVE YOU HUGE FAN! please follow me your amazing and gorgeous! I LOVE YOU AND YOU WHOLE FAMILY XOOXOXOXOX
In your work, how closely are designers expected to follow wireframes?
Directioners have put me off One Direction. I'm sick of seeing them every where I go.
Its 71 with the sun out in #Queens New York time to make some moves if you see me in the streets holla at me
its at the house
My pops always makes me feel better.
lol wow! Caps announcers are ok :)
It's Friday! Put us in your #FF and we will come to your house and sing to you while making you dinner :)
I ended up getting them from UNC and NCSU. I know that NCSU has all of them, but you might have to wait a bit. So addicting!
PURSUIT: High-speed police chase underway in West Covina...white mini-van on surface streets.
My first video out
Happy Earth Day!
these niggas wit da hater crew!!
RC Called It! Turn Off The Light Denver! Lakerz Baby! Hell Yes!!
its long. Ill tell you tomorrow girl
soo one day i was on twitter , saw 's twitter went on his youtube account and BAM! fell in love! <3 :D
#DrakeCriesWhen he can't find any more free samples
Can anyone explain to me why Wednesdays are called Hump Day?
Fox soccer report is a joke! highlights from three pointless games.
thank you Ted! Have a fantastic day!
that's what I was thinking. No stay, I come up on the 22nd :)
It is snowing in every direction!
Everything is relevant to an individuals life experiences. However, it keeps us divided to
any chance you & will be doing any #perma songs on the tour? Or just in Atlanta!?...
We're within five days of dropping our May 2012 #podcast! It'll feature five new pieces of #fiction, #creativenonfiction, and #poetry!
Replaced my front speakers and got my last and final amp. System check
Karen O'Connell's tumbling skills make my fake cartwheels look even sadder.
#Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing! Right ?
": Making copies of the study guide and answers to use on the test. #yolo"
Is he that good?
Sent email re: template on WordPress. TY in advance for help.
hey baby anyone want some entertainment? what about me showin you a real good time. Gypsy Rose Lee THE BEST stripper hands down
13 Days left till Mother's Day!!!! We have some great ways on how to THANK MOM!!
very recently, i was excited too!
I can (almost) see if you're running somewhere quick and then home, but to restaurant? Even a casual one, at least put jeans on.
What is your favorite thing to win in a sweepstake? Tell us below.
Or not.
It's a story by a terrific storyteller designed expressly for the platform.
I'm just kidding
: you should be at St. Mark's Books tomorrow from 5:30-7:30 for a party to celebrate the fact NYC's favorite book shop isn't going to close!
ha ha yesir my boy!! We can network and get it in homie
go get em Favre! I wanted either Romo or you. Now that you wiped Dallas it's time to clean house!
Livestrong app kicks ass and makes me look feminine at the same time!
I'm not you fuckin friend
I know!
I feel your pain! All of the Baetti's do. Congrats btw!!
06 Phelps #Cabernet Backus. Astonishingly overpriced. Big cherry nose. Oak, coffee, graphite, smoke wrapped in severe tannins. 89 pts
sounds good... I shall be on that then ...if you wanna let me know what game you want... I van do that or just some local
I tried to e-mail you from my blackberry but its acting stupid!!:(
Srsly ... I am SICK of all the spam that shows up in my @ timeline. growl.
[Matt7:12] Lord Christ said that all things whatsoever we desire that others should do to us we should do even so to them. Let's love others
Suck my cockiness Lick my persuasion
Flying to SD in the morning! Finally going to be reunited with my peeps ;)
Follow Back ?
Lord, make our hearts places of peace &our mind harbors of tranquility. Sow in our souls true love 4 you &for one another ~RT
I watched NHL Playoffs, played ps3, talked on phone, and watched White Men Can't Jump BEFORE turning on sox. Your 2012 Boston Red Sox!
Great to hear from you! What kind of boutique? I will no doubt meet someone who's a mobile apps whiz at #SoSlam tomorrow
The Pistons are playing inspired basketball.
Watch out or auto pilot shout outs - they can get you into all kinds of trouble. Sorry if anybody was offended!
Lety has kept the place hopping today -- went through almost a whole batch of popcorn already.
Time to get started on this Twitter thing.
yepp!! Take pictures its so cool looking(:!!
The penalty for throwing around the word "pandemic" unnecessarily should be immediate exposure to the swine flu...
Explore using title 1 money to purchase computers and internet access for parents?
so annoying. half of my clothes shrink every time i do a load of wash and it's always on cold water. stupid european appliances
cool ! When ?
:( although according to this isnt the end at all. Just the beginning of a whole new adventure.. :/
It wouldn't surprise me. Let's see Def,Dope,EVOO,Yummo, I heard That's Hot was next.
Indeed. Thx. MT : ~80 people belting out pop songs in four #karaoke rooms? Talk about an immersive environment.
Sorry. You must get a lot of misdirected tweets!
they should have Freddy Mercury in hologram form...
We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves, otherwise we harden. ~ Goethe
good looking big homie!
miss you too. We need to catch up!!
Call on Congress to fight the famine and fully fund Feed the Future and #endfamine via
Fox wins IMO so we can get the JPC 2011 re-match!
Hello! nothing much, you ?
It's joy to be able to help care for my mom. She and my son, in spectrum, have gotten so close.
on stage at
Wearing red? Should be. If you care about luck.
#chid480f tracking the resonances between "The Declaration of the United States" and "The Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace"
Nice bomb by Bryce "Bam-Bam" Harper, congrats on your first!
They say "Composting isn’t just garbage, it’s cool" .... but we say composting is hot! More great reporting from
Hello love its Hannah :) how are u?
We can't thank our mothers and women in our lives enough for everything they are and do. (And how they continually put up with us.)
Seeing Iron Man 2 with Steve. There are 10 other people here. at least I got my favorite seat. (@ AMC Theater - Clifton Commons)
Ready to get some home cookin!
You will never know how much you're losing, until you can see that they've replaced you with someone new.
Don't know about you but the Christmas season seemed to come early this year. I'm still stuck back at the 4th of July.
yay #modernfamily! Luke's voice is deepening fast, and Haley got even hotter since last week!
One of the keys to success is persistence. Most people start out fast, but only those who finish strong reach their goals.
are you guys going to be operating on Saturday?
Driving home during floodish weather:// (:
why, of course!
Got School Of Rock later than possibly checking out an open mic venue :)
Cir. J. Raggi (USCA, 2d Cir.) rules in Idea Nuova v. GM Licensing Group case concerning judicial confirmation of a final arbitral award.
Thank goodness! :-)
To all the Moms in Chula Vista and beyond, we wish you a very Happy Mother's Day!
Hear, hear! #DaBearsStillSuck but at least the fans live and die with their team. It's all about loyalty.
awe, that's so adorable!! & it's been an okay day! it's so cold outside :( I think ima go outside & drink hot chocolate
Real niggas don't speak on shit
had a fabulous summer 2010 and can't wait for exciting summer 2011 :)
Lucky you!! Have a GREAT time! :)
Medical Marijuana for Metastatic Breast Cancer Patient; Long Beach Medical Marijuana Doctor /www.mcsocal.com/blog
follow back? ;)
Yo gotti is performing and all of a sudden people are acting crazy.
What's that you say? A 7/8 time signature? Just wait 'til you hear this one...
I would beg him up talk to Lakers. Bynum for Howard sounds real good right now.
This guy sitting in his car just made a dog noise at me and then waved. Weirdest thing that has happened all day? CHECK
It's hot under these covers
Being called ugly once makes a bigger impact than being called pretty a hundred times.
ace why can't i DM you ?? they tellin me its invalid? ugh nways I LOVE YOU
yeah but 0 finals MVPs and hasn't led them there
Unknown~ Be happy Be supportive Be Naughty Be just like the way you are But dont get bored.
Saw a commercial for chocolate cover strawberries and I want them now!
All I wanna do is smoke weed and eat pizza all day
Come show love for Dante in the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
I might have just eaten an entire pint of Ben and Jerry's Cookie Dough ice cream. Why is ice cream so good?
WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU TYPE BITCH IT MESSED UP
we have a bassist now but we do need is a vocalist and maybe a rythm guitarist
#WeLoveNiall because he is irish. <3
Tyler the Creator would have Stevie Wonder @ wide receiver!
hm does alex have a love interest? lol cause then i could be the sister that alex likes ;) if not i'll just be the sister
I know I'm late, but I just wanna say I love it! And the lyrics are amazing also(:
good to hear you are back.
Way to crush it this week in NZ. Nicely done.
yeah! :) that one's good too but its kind of...disneyish...
The last thing on earth you want to do will be the last thing you do
. celebrates National Roller Coaster Day on 8/16 by offering thrill seekers free rides on The Desperado roller coaster!
OMG!! Is she? When is her comeback?
I live today tomorrow I tweet.
Great travel deals! Need a quote? Let's put a plan in place for your dream vacation.
Oh, I totally want to but I'm in Waukesha getting Seth's hair cut... :( and we are looking to eat when we're done too. Bummer!
MT : Buy my children's book I AM A POLE (AND SO CAN YOU) about a pole figuring just where he fits in. #kidlit <Hilarious!
Burger king
Marquee Mondays tonight ! With !
Do you ever post on FB that Cliff the magician comes in tonight at 9?
About to talk Facebook with at
Cosign!! RT : the first 3 scared me.. then it seemed like all horror movies fell off...
Doing wall sits, gotta start workin my legs for catching.
fun party last night
okay, now I'm fucking pissed. GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY LIFE GARRETT. I'm not trying to get anyone's fucking attention! ----
We'll be there! RT : New hashtag! When you see #BRArtFair be on the lookout for all things Broad Ripple Art Fair!
For sure! Not saying my buddy wouldn't be cool, just would be easier if i were w/ ladies is all
Your dad is correct. Plus the combination of drama & humor was compelling. It was epic!
My dad had to get stitches because a tree branch hit him in the face when he was mushroom hunting bahahahhahaha
That was weird
And I know ni**a is just a word, but why would you want to continue to enslave your mind with such a derogatory noun?
Headed to soundcheck!FREE SHOW AT TIPITINAS UPTOWN WITH COREY HENRY FROM REBIRTH!! TONIGHT 10PM
First one to finish the exam...studying till 4am definitely has its perks.
Snow globe day in the parks!
News McIlroy take 2-stroke lead in Shanghai Masters U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy shot a 3-under 69 on Friday to increase
I really want to sing to this boy at chickfila he so cute lol
Share With Friends: | | Music - Acoustic Stories , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
It's madness! (And not the good kind.)
Sneezing and hiccups don't make a good combination.
T'is true.
"You don't show up for work. You show up for life!" - saving this for the motivational pamphlet I will write when I'm 50 & have given up.
Crawling with them" Joseph Mitchell
what's your timeline? I'd be happy to help in any way I can.
so everybody going to get that nasty ass popeyes ugh
Thank you sir!
lol most definitely
What did everybody have for lunch?
I'm sorry bro!
Sorry I fell asleep it was late when we were talking I'm doing good now how was your Christmas?
My world is cold and silent today.
Paper on network analysis and associative paths in #proust accepted for #sts 2011. Looking forward to it!
When I'm about to pass out cuz I haven't had protein and I have hypoglycemia and first thingy dad does is make me a grilled cheese sandwich<U+2764>
Do a lit search. There are control studies that have already been done with good outcomes for PRP vs control.
Thanks for the mention. We are nearing launch for and would love to connect if you are interested.
Can I Share Your Work On FB?
Why that song if you don't mind me asking?
“: lol I know , I heard its a little after function ,” yuuummppp
Spot on. Life is exhausting. It's shocking more ppl don't give up.
RT : Denver kicks off 2010 as only NFL team to have 90 or more wins in each of last three decades...
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear I had to show you this was trending.
Quote of the day: Destiny is for people who are too lazy to create alternate timelines R. Stevens
McDonalds nearly killed this dude, man.
“: Just stole seat!! :)))” it's okay I farted pretty good in it. Your welcome. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
Been super stressed at work. At least tomorrow is Friday. :)
lol I just knocked on your door then I read your reply :(
One last post to WordPress and Hello bed. Busy for a Saturday. I Love this thing called Productivity.
2011 Zund upgrade: Routing 2" substrates on 89" wide table..New technology and more sophisticated software is truly "cutting edge"!
that goes to show how uneducated the world is when it comes to their diet.
Comparing libraries to businesses still makes me uneasy, especially conflating patrons with consumers.
How about pentatonic scales. Let's start with a basic one and continue to more interesting ones. #1: 1,2,3,5,6, Try it!!
Your An Amazing Inspiration You Know That?
RT : Happy 4th TwBirthday! You've been around since 02 April 2008! I forgot how long I have been using Twitter!
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger, right!
I really want to see on Friday! Who wants to go with me ?!
It's not enuff to have an opinion. Pls make it a truly informed one. Thx.
#MizzouNation: I'm a Tiger and I'm tweeting from the Biggest Little City, Reno, Nevada!
- Elliott is soo getting a caps collar for Hannukah!
Ponder is Spielman's guy, would be shocked if Vikes took. Tannehill. The Khalil/Blackmon/Claiborne decision fascinates me.
ha! just had the same problem, but managed to scrounge up some pb crackers. Another late one, I forsee...
I was so upset that I couldn't be on tinychat with you.. all I have is my iPod, but I can't use tinychat on it..):
awesome profile pic
Just got off an elevator full of iubb athletes, no big haha. They love chipotle too!!
Shabazz isn't nearly as bad as Anderson I shouldn't say that, he is gonna be a great player.
For family fun, have a board game night.
Well, sure enough! For me, the linking element was more the primordial terror than anything else.
thats not a rare sight for that kid. he sits in teh bleachers every game.
Thanks all my friends for everything rockin !
Yeah that's my concern, they trade out of the 17th and the team that ends up there takes someone other than who I picked
And happy to have you!
...therefore, #SocialMedia is just like talking to yourself on a hectic day...
not sure if u saw but they are talking about doing a tweetup on Friday night.
check out the sunrise, it's purple :)
Why does ppl question a pastor or preacher when he drives a cadillac or any nice car but not a drug dealer?
did you attend cranbrook when you were younger?
Today: Treat age spots and melasma with Kligman's Formula! One of our most popular compounds. Call 412-681-6400 NOW to find out more! www.
on NW Sports Tonight at 730 Bert from Last Comic Standing and The Shield!!
I'm LOVING your avatar, way too cute!
Without me :(
next time. Next week?
Thank you---keep up the great work you do!
Hispanics will be the dominant and in many cases the only driver of domestic CPG sales growth.
My roommate told me she was jealous of my self-confidence today. I might actually miss her.
Is this the first time Stan Van Gundy has worn a collared shirt?
Reduce your listing costs, list Illinois properties for free at www.illinoisbrokernet.com
(2/2) "Look complicated to far introduced agreeable from you!" What...language is this?
When will he ever notice me ?/:
at my current pace, I'd only need 87 years to catch up to where is now.
yur right yur grown, but there are still consequences for shit yu do. For instance yu still have to bring yo ass back to S.A.
No! I said I was done with females && here you come with your cute sweet talking axx. Hmph! lOl!
Shopping may be a form of recreation but making purchases can be downright self-destructive, especially if it’s on an impulse
Some high level insurance execs feel the entire small group marketplace will migrate to individual business. We shall see.
i wanted to ask yhu somethnn ... but yhu know nevermineddd ..... so boredd.. can wait till superbowl a.k.a. my birthday goin out ...
I think that might be it. I'm opposed to Mom hair.
If you have sanitation complaints with any food establishment in Pike Township, call the Marion County Health Department at 221-2222.
Thanks for having us on COCO today, we appreciate your support for our radiothon!
I feel free! :)
43 degrees in new York city right now.... Nice!!!
I'm not saying it's time to pack up the tent, but the 2011 and 2012 teams were trending in opposite directions at this point.
i did reply bakk!!:)
No one will ever understand how happy The Maine makes me! <3 :) #JohnOhh #Kennedy #Garrett #Jared #Pat <3
1st chapter posted, working on the 2nd now(:
I really just can't wait to see ...
Way to many messages. I'll try to reply as soon as I get a chance.
did you buy tickets yet? mayfair, imax 3d. and maxies for dinner. unless you guys really want mequon
Greece,Spain,Italy,Portugal,France,Ireland are all an ECB problem. They will deal with it with massive amounts of printed euros, no choice.
Forward Expands Its Institutional Team With a New Hire for Consultant Outreach
They say #UAreWhatUEat but I ain't no #Pussy!!!!!
Congrats on first SEC series win today , Lets go for the sweep tomorrow
Success is not so much what we have as it is what we are.
your minds in the gutter lol. you like the new song?
i wish u the best beautiful... thats my wish!
Preliminary hearing for SDPD officer Anthony Arevelos, accused of sex crimes will start shortly. Expected to last 3 days.
#lionking is like the best disney movie #classic (:
everything happens for a reason IG”
I voted for you once in the people's choice awards. That should be enough, right?
When the fu€k are we getting a new #ASIP to watch?!?
It's to the point where I have to choose between gas or food
GM World
I hate my braces... With a burning passion.
Excuse me UK, but why are you blocking vids to us in America? World Wide Web except in the UK. If you want to watch vids move 2 UK
Rain + Southbound 35 + Easter Sunday = a total and complete cluster. Help!
Congrats! You just earned your "Call Recording Fail" badge! You know the handshake already, right?
I love anything with aliens
Sitting in the car reading a little bit before the crazy shift starts...
Just passed Deion Sanders's house... It is HUGE!
I bet you still have the CD:)
Cant sleep.... I need to get laid!!!!!
what's all this for?
who's your favorite athlete of all time?
Awesome day with my kiddo.
any plans for this wknd yet?
Pre-valentine's Cupid Speed Dating Event Feb 10, 2011 7:00pm at Mr. Pitiful's
I mean if i wake up i wake ......Shit it is what it is
You ever see where people go crazy listening to songs and start goin "OH SHIT!!!" That's how I feel about
So many awesome people at Napoleon right now for
Love this! RT Today's favorite sight from #milan12: Charlotte Perriand's 1938 #prefab constructed by
headed down to the breast cancer walk , hope to see you there ...look for our mascot!!!
My iPhone camera froze on me for the first time. Lost a beautiful, candid moment of happiness for I hate missed photo memories.
Thanks for the follow. Love what you guys do on
cuz I'm a cute lil doggy haha...but I can help you out girl! ;)
Cargos or jeans today?
Redefining racism: Romanian dictionary corrects anti-Semitic and anti-Roma words - National Post
You can tell meter maids are desperate to get citations in when they're trolling parking garages for offenders.
Hard to believe, but it was the same horse & rider. But that--that was special. Thanks!
thank you for the #ff!
Your still coming I hope!
Oh and I'm going to prom. I'll just have to leave the concert early I guess
nope. We'll also be doing the full ride on 8/4. But if there are any other wknds you're thinking, I may know others who'd ride
everywhere I go weed is the subject lol
So proud of you! Your ETSY site looks great!
I'll see you there! Waiting anxiously ;)
I love Old Spice commercials. :)
What are your thoughts on Hakama?
all's good. long as we hold on to our gris gris.
We are trying the new grilled 'nanner, Nutella and marshmallow sandwich at Miller Park.
#Fat and where's my plate?! Lol
Lord knows that this world is cruel. And I ain't the Lord, no I'm just a fool, learning loving somebody don't make them love you
Yeah, you should chill out. You get good reviews by the right people. That's what matters. :)
God is truly awesome! Sometimes he just shows us something that totally blows us away...
Pretty stoked to head to New Jersey for the first time in my life. Bamboozle is gonna be so much fun. Hope to see some of ya there!
What was the trivia question?
Ignore your own advice. RT I should just Bynum for the rest of the night. (Game: What does word does Bynum replace?)
Canstruction is awesome. My event, Akron donated $20k worth of food in 1st year, 2011. Have you built?
I love my aries too :)
then why were u looking at her tweets?
cant send u a DM if u dont follow me brat.
ugh today was ok i guess it couldve been better
Question, I paid for album in April, set release date for June. Does it renew in April and waste the 2 months it was unavailable?
nice pick
. Woo! Congrats! Doesn't it feel awesome to be done with year one?
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
Kevin Gregg needs to review what the responsibilities of a relief pitcher are.
absolutely. Well put.
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 20
Haha key word awkward! Not as awkward as the dancing men though
You know what's a great song? "Warm Spell" by The Church. Seems like a trifle until you get to II.
3mins left omg
Hope the weather is nice in NC next week
Swagat indian carryout FTW!
There are numerous reasons to have #concretefloor landscape designs like wall space
The Superstar is SUPER bratty
you already know!!!
Hey how's going?
did you see what just happened? Roger got sent off. Elbow to face of Chicago dude.
#gatorade monitors social media from a dedicated "war room"
Nice man, that will take care of my summer travel plans.
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
No time to talk, just HI and BYE, but for you babe i would give up a million, billion, trillion <3
Justin is creeping on 's account :) hurry follow her if you want to be followed!!!
lol you never know
ugh I hate how I still think about you. get off my mind.
Col St vs Murray St just started and So. Miss vs Kansas St tips off @ 9:40. The madness has begun and so has breakfast. Come on down!
Bitter. A cocktail essence, IPA and my current state of mind.
I work there so i'm a little biased :)
my brought up a very valid point...Isn't it who likes to party TV-radio style? Think it is. ;)
Good looks...
GODDAMN spurs u scary
Celebrating Women's History Month!
Pretty fucking much...
oh hello!
Crashed out 5828 s pennsylvania
Cleaning up my
Could not be truer
just had the BEST DREAM EVER!!!!! involves..... me.....Princeton....... AND ALOT OF MAKING OUT!!!!
I wear hollister im a swag demolisher.
Hockey from a team in the desert again a city that really Didnt exist a hundred years ago.... Just not right
yes you will haha.
"HR Information Systems isn't rocket science..." and then a guy from NASA gets up and starts his presentation at Aquire's WISDOM 2012
It's like everybody is leaving summer camp...
Why is everyone saying that Ariana is leaving Victorious?? Someone tell me :0
I have HP 56 & 57 ink carts if anyone can use them!
Wait. What. Huh? You are moving to Amsterdam ?
Happy Friday!
Sounds good to me :)
OH: "I don't know the people at the iCloud. Forget it. Not doing it..."
INDEED! Mitts money can't buy character, a conscience, or compassion for human beings. He’s like a fish out of water with people
Well I have a CATS themed video coming out this Wen. No costumes though =P
Love our new followers! Donate Ad Space, wear our Tshirts!
Won't you wake up... Wake up and walk in the light. Wake up wake up bring substance to your life. -EWF
#youcandobetter if u walk around wit no hairline and think u all that
Some people are alive only because it's illegal to kill them
Wanna come over so we can eat ice cream & be depressed together? :(
goode family is on at the gym but no sound
An important part of a lawyer's job is to tell clients things they don't want to hear, and to do so forcefully.
Thought for Today: Move More! Make it a daily challenge 2 move your body.Moving your limbs isn;t just a fitness tool, it's a stress buster.
Feel like god on my side rite now!
#libchat Was your program well received and attended?
Dude i love this mixtape!! What you think?
Where can I find a shop selling green drinks at #expowest?
I'm allergic to pineapple but love it anyways so I sometimes forget & end up hurting for days afterwards...can I be allergic to Oklahoma?
Yes'm. School-night drank? Also /cc:
today sucks
no prob n may we exchange numbers
Little scrub for you dub
Can't sleep... Might as well stay up and get a ton of work done!
I'm gaga for
"haha weeping pussy willow" - me "I hate that word# - "What, willow? Willow willow willow willow willow!" - me Haha :]
You're right Carlos. Motives are more interesting to examine. Start examining then Oh Great One
Sadly. I want something else so badly. :P
Hey babies, all those sights and sounds that you find so fascinating are actually boring as shit
For those who are concerned, we will have a official website up soon so you guys can buy merch there. We'll keep you posted. :-)
Aw! Kinda makes me wish it would snow here...kinda.
Michael Symon Nephew Charged With Tagging - Cleveland Scene Weekly
Thank's for retweeting define!
AMAZING website that calls your friends and family with a message from Santa. Happy Holidays! www.sendacallfromsanta.com
Next up: LiVE classic rock&roll at Who's On First #boston across from #Fenway after the sox-yanks game this Saturday!
It's about agribusiness, not Cdns health and safety.
the teachers know what they are doing and the pick the right dancers the majority of the time.
You will LOVE it! RT : Good topic. I just started reading Leaving Atlanta by Tayari Jones.
I know y'all are dying for my lineup this week, so here we go: Watson, Watney, Garrigus, Sae, Huh, and Stroud.
Mountain Trust Mortgage and Realty Services - We work with you to help you get into the home of your dreams at a price you can afford.
ok alright :)
Awww, I had a bunny like that --- his name was Bernie. He was a Bernie Rabbit.
It goes up & down, its just up & down, she's cryin now but she'll laugh again.
Went for a jog today for the first time in a long time....
Maybe I procrastinate because I work better under pressure. No?
Limited release unfortunately. We did one small 7 barrel batch, so when it's gone... it's gone!
I think the Cubs got a break there. Should be out at first.
Too much good #tv on Wednesday night for my dvr to handle
Gordon?! That guy isn't worth a cunt of cold piss!!!
Who decides what jersey they will wear, home or away???
Another quake shook Japan. Keep them in your prayers!!!
Avicii is in ...let the games begin....
MFAH has induced museum envy. Dell and others need to step up and build a truly world class museum in Austin by 2020.
Anisotropic Dirac cones for next-generation electronics (NanotechwebTechUpdate) Share With Friends: | | Science - Nanotechnology Stories
Loookin forward to today.<U+2764>
actually i want everything in the world right now.....
SF's Rasellas on Fillmore has Latin Jazz Thursdays. Good food, surprise guests, 8:30pm-1am TIP Park at the Safeway lot for free!!!!
I'd say 75%. So much hairy Lamas rapping. RT : BODY ROCK...see Lorenzo Lamas wear outfits with 25% of the material ripped off.
Heading to Vegas Monday for #nabshow. This high school student's "first time." Any must sees?
Anybody else having an issue with their #wordpress website today, or is it just me?
Thanks Guys.
I'm awkward when it comes to flirting
If I dare ask...how does one drop an egg cooker on one's eyebrow?
I want food!
most definitely! No doubt about that.
I don't ask for much, but when i do i expect you to give me exactly what i want.
I don't want to watch his old monkey face on American Idol, So I guess I won't be watching anymore :/
RT : Tonight is the night! Taping ep3 w live audience at 8p, in CleHts. Get your FREE TKTS starting at 7p
Game of the week between Crown Royals and WTF R U Ewing tips off in a little over an hour #CanTheyStopChet?
It appears that Kobe has spent the summer modeling his game after Steve Blake
: At the beginning I thought it no 2x sales hes fired and Kelly i the new boss...shopiiiiiiiing
been up all night watching desperate housewives reruns. don't understand why i'm so hooked on this show but it almost never gets old.(:
Don't they cancel each other out?
Hey boo, how are you? Happy Friday
I'm just pointing out how Bo Ryan and the NCAA view it. I think we all know how these kids are used to make millions.
I'm you newest follower, just out of tha BOX!!..... lol
"Recognize we run this sh!t". Coming soon. "MFYL Fall 2012"
Tasting room at Great Lakes Distillery () - New bottling of Kirsch is here. Come try a few new Kirsch cocktails.
i would already kill him if i was you.Lol.Nahh..
Kso Amy, I miss you... Tinychat later..?
The ability to move other passenger seats to the upright position on a plane
NO! DALLAS LOST BY 1POINT 98-99 :((((((((((( Dallas will get Oklahoma Monday-Watch OUT!
Another words, why the fuck am I waiting for help from him and his promises.
"Your spirit is infectious"
Memory goal
I'm already over it! It's either cold and snowy or hot and humid.
be nice to the mexican.. . :P
On the agenda for this afternoon: the first stages of cat shopping. And scheduled for the summer: pet-sitting a dog. Hmm ...
me to, i have a ton of math homework and a test tomorrow :/
I feel like I need to dose up with some LMFAO and some sunshine before tackling the afternoon's projects...
our lives.
You're awesome. Wish I could be there!
anything scheduled this upcoming weekend, 27th & 28th?
Went shopping at Target and bought a bunch of stuff for our 10% discount!
The Two Left Feet 2010 was excellent w hanger steak. But at 16% (!!), alcohol don't operate *anything* afterwards.
Having experimented with Wunderlist for a bit, am contemplating return to a plaintext to-do list. Fewer bells & whistles; life at a glance.
I already know tht life is deep, but I still dig her
Turning 19 next week, so ready!!!!!!
Please follow "Blue Crush 2" on and it's star Support the Surf Sequel!
Waiting for the weekend:)
I know it's hard to believe :)
RIP Whitney
Ok whats up
RT : A10: Know your worth (research it), be self-confident, have a strong work ethic, do your best, and know it isnt al
just wait till I have the chance to hi jack your twitter
Lautman: We used to build spec buildings to attract Econ Dev. Now best strategy is a spec workforce.
Amen, Fat Taft.
lol Borowitz makes fun of everyone
About to watch "where the Wild Things are".
lol, not a fan of humid hopefully it will hold off til July like its supposed too! the weather is awesome for this time of year!
Proud of me 2day!
Omg texas was so gr8t never wanted 2 leave but got 2 come back 2 florida...OMG GOT SOME NEW POSTERS OF U <3 YEA JB follow me!?
Awesome, thanks for the tip
Love is just a four letter word stuck together by emotion.
Just had pepperoni pizza for the first time!
RT BREAKING: Stephen Colbert announces run for President, hands over control of his Super PAC to Jon Stewart (via )
great bumping into you
I will put up Jen's cupcakes against anyone @ anytime.
Last day of Clinical Apps
I need a girl that's gonna be down, like four flat tires.
Christian Malbrough () in the game for the Panthers.
More than 85% of connected Xbox 360's have already fetched content from Xbox Live Marketplace.
Keep it simple, stupid.
Glad I danced.....completely free #Flying ;))
My first book, Hearts of Fire was listed on Amazon as one of the top ten HOLOCAUST-RELATED-NOVELS.
Happy Easter everybody ! (:
OMG! “: hey you guys know about 1025 live right? Big concert by the capital. Thousands of people”
state street was such a success. loved every minute.
Boise tomorrow! We will be at the Assembly of God church! The one with the dome roof!
nice mural!
#jobless someone help me get a
RT : Tonight is Strictly Business with DJ's MetroGnome and Limelight! No Cover!!!! $2 Domestic bottles, $6 Ciroc
Going to phils game to hopefully get last min tickets !!!
Thanks -.- : im at home so it's okay I'm stay home :)
you have to watch from the beginning or you'll be kinda lost and you won't get the full effect of everything!!!
We Just wanted to thank all of our SNOCLOTHING supporter's. Also if your not rocking "SNO" Jump on it. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
while its time to move on, the outpouring from my team is extremely touching.
No man or woman should separate wee my Nigga the words of a real nigga
LMAOOOOOO RT : Man get off his dick RT : Got damnit Frank Ocean just tweeted the realist shit
If it's gonna be that kinda party imma stick my dick in the mash potatahs.
Loving the beach
Hi Victoria! Can I get a one VICTORIATASTIC reply? Please? :{))
So many new things coming up CANT WAIT <3 :)
Lmaoo U Violent As Hell..!
I'm so much nicer when I'm rejecting female Greenpeace members than when I'm rejecting their male members
Oh for tweet's sake...
Hanging out at mtg. Much better than faculty meetings.
I wondered why somebody didn't do something. Then I realized, I am somebody. ~Author Unknown
I hope you aren't stalking me....
~~__-~ SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..$2 DRINKS..SEE THE VIDEO--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
It probably be awkward if u were the only player in ur lineup to not use a pink bat.
At CPK in Hollywood! Lovin' the sun and finally seeing my girl Laura!
Gordie Howe really only had 2? I'm shocked.
Taylor Swift looks much better with straight hair. Starting to look like a woman. Very elegant.
Bart, a woman is like a beer. They look good, they smell good, and you'd step over your own mother just to get one! -Homer Simpson
we love you more today was hilarious and awesome
cheering!! ohmygod I do it year round and L.O.V.E it<3(:
Matthew to Mary: "Do you want my stick?"
Will tweet for food..... or
In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves.
:-) I did dance and s/he loved it! Slept the whole way thru. You still calling girl huh? We'll see!...
Petition passed around NWACC was signed by 750 after one day in favor of vote for public mass transportation tax
Rogue Cupcakes is the Egg Mc Muffin of cupcake apparel company's
gets honorable mention in #txapme Newspaper of the Year contest.
of course!
and Niko Roberts is? Doyle sounds like a solid back up of course he will get hard sell
well, depends on what effects of social media you want to highlight? connection? loneliness? other?
Thx for taking time to follow! Hope u find my posts helpful~
Deep Thought: " Friends are like boobs, some are real and some are fake. "
the cowboys halftime show is a prime example of the media ruining music. #notrealmusic. sorry for the negative tweet
I beat the merch up
The impending cancellation of some Soaps really has a lot of people up in arms, huh? Strange, our priorities.
Enjoying a fabulous with Richmond friends Tim and Lettie.
#Please don't share your twitter id and Password any one, any site, if you give may be it hack by another person. so be careful.
I can see the worm swimming around in Biden's glass
Just woke up and you tweeted ! Haha it was meant to be ;D
#UHtaughtme that cafeteria food can actually be pretty good
About to blow this joint Wheels finna b up
better late than never lol
Not in my Twitter world. But I must admit my Twitter world is a bit political and more than a bit limited.
I'm officially emotionally attached to you...I hate myself now -_-
in a couple years, I'm sure.
J-Mac pitched so well. Everybody on that team atleast owes him a steak dinner for keeping it close.
william breathes loves to pair OJ will all mmj. What's your favorite drink?
Does this mean there's now time for tacos? Cause, uh…yeah. Tacos. :D
sweet leap year
Just over halfway on LA to Louisville KY drive
The best of upfront week: CBS, as always, and TNT and TBS, which offers amazing access to its stars.
S/O to #Louisville on right now! GE investing in job creation, labor union opening doors for working families. That's what's up!!
Overwhelmed and shutting down.
hmm how to convince my latin teacher i can't take the test i missed? #stressing i'ma sleep on that
To all my NY fam. I'll be in town Oct 11th till the 18th! Hit me up!!!
Like If You Shower..... How Desperate Are You For Likes You Attention Whore!!! Go Crawl In A Ditch And Die!!!
but your breath is hot! Lol
trying to decide if 4 blocks is too far to walk for some
A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power. -Brian Tracy
I love that Adam rock scream!
Idea 1 for first tatoo: on right wrist, "write."
Marcus Camby? That wasn't shady was it?
Don't try to hit #runners with you car. It pisses us off.
ALRIGHT.......Who is the Most Mindless On Earth Seen Me An Answer WHY??????????
That sounds awesome!
GO BROOKE GO!!!
Mobile info lit can happen anywhere for quick info (context, location specific), through apps/specialist sites rather than open web
Our tree has arrived! I'm feeling more festive already.
KID!you are blowin up my phone with all your RTin!im trying to sleep!hahaha(: love you<3
I'm having fun reading the tweets of my new followers. Thanks.
Please go to sleep riley
Local quartet keeps classical music relevant with pop mixes - Moose Jaw Times-Herald
A Townhouse With Pools Top and Bottom A newly built townhouse on East 74th Street comes with two pools —both a basement lap pool with a w
Mrnin world wat a great day lets make the best of it an where all this fog come from only in chicago
Going to get that early morning work out in. Then grab some breakfeast. Be back later.
I tucked away an important document so I wouldn't lose it. Now when I need it, I can't find it.
Damn... Today's about to be a good day...
Start to feel lighter & more energetic & be on yr way to a nutritious, health-enhancing foundation going forward with a food-based cleanse!
Why Is today going by so slow!
I've got a Pontiac, gasoline. Grab the cash, split the scene.
yeah :p
Haha I'm in biology .. You know what that means! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Steve Ballmer is a fantastic speaker. (At NVTC tech titan breakfast.)
Our first budget public hearing has wrapped up after only two hours, next public session is tuesday May 15.
aww that last tweet moved me
Go Kara! “: In 24 hours from now, I will be in Arizona with the A's!! Can't wait to kick off the 2012 season...”
chia seeds, they're a super seed. you can add them to a smoothie (or come in and have one of ours!)
I looked up and thought this mothafucka was tpain at the bar....I aint even fried yet tho lol
"The Dream of the 90's is alive in Portland" watch Portlandia starring Fred Armison and Kristen Wiig.
You know you're on when you make #SCtop10 when your bucket didn't even count. Felton-->Crash throws it down. And goodnight..
Join us in the Pier Bar tonight at 8:30 for some classic rock with the Jacobs Brock and Brews Band!
CUBA Cheese is so good! #Easteregg RT : Favorite part of the day today, cheese Tasting from Cuba cheese shop. #flx food
DANGIT THAT WAS TODAY. May 15th rang a tiny bell in the back of my head, but I completely forgot.
Had a great weekend, don't want it 2 end!!!
On 4/29/80 John Osteen spoke , B/C of rain delay 32yrs to the day speaks today stadium
oh thas wassup man. That song went hard! Check out my boy from WestVa. He jus startd, but is killin it. > youtube.com/watchdwight
Can I get 250/1 on myself to win the #irishOpen ?
You'll find many tonight Institute's Deja vu New Deal discussion. Come on out.
My compromised immune system feels skeptical. (For ref., I got stomach flu Fri; weekend was blur of sleep & bathroom trips.)
Spring Edition Juror (Deadline, November 15): Trevor Richardson Director of Herter Gallery, University of Massachusetts, Amherst
Thanks to for getting me the best Peanut Butter Cup ice cream sundae ever. Can you tell I am pregnant? And getting larger...
Don't forget to "like" your favorite picture candidate for the back of Pasadagavra!
When was the last time you were on an airplane and where did you go? For me it was 11/2011, went to Nashville. ~ Jake
ASK FOR THE FCKIN KOOSH BACK YOU FAT PUSSY BITCH!!!!!
YUM!!! that looks like a fabulous lunch! :)
a porcupine. Very adorable, a little scary and totally awkward.
Aw I'm actually kind of liking Dawson and Jen when they're older. <33
it was great meeting you @ #EXHIBITOR2012 & your feedback & participation with was extremely valuable! thank you!
R.I.P Adam Yauch.
Change and growth take place when a person has risked himself and dares to become involved with experimenting with his own life.
Please contact immediately! Spam messages being sent from my account I have nothing to do with! I want this stopped!
Yesterday's Player of the Game: Mike Caldwell, who allowed one run on 6 hits in 6 1/3 to help the Brewers offense win with only 4 hits!
Huge response to our Bruce Kulick announcement Friday. Putting the final touches on Chris Holmes from WASP and Betsy Bitch from Bitch.
RT : What is the most popular Halloween treat? Visit NHSA booth #1044 @ #APHA to find out & learn more about Healthy Start & the...
well, i guess it's time.
I am trying to imagine a 22 year old Barack talking to Barnard women about being CEOs in 1982.
“: #Aries unknowingly give an impression of being selfish. They're not, they're just focused on furthering their own lives.” so me
your cute
Do them simultaneously.
Yous an average type of cat, no money no clout.
New Artist - Airplay Now on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio - Sister Moon!
when someone tweets every 5 seconds...i finally quit reading them. you?
Watch out! 15% OFF ALL SERVICES!! starting right now and valid till Sunday (hair services with select stylists only) - call (619) 338-8111
The risks you take to be top cock fighter...rough life.
watching limitless
summer class, its only 6 weeks long though
thanks for the shout out! I hope to become a bodybuilder like you (even with my disability and diabetes)
"The moment you wake up is the instant you realize that the teacher is in you & your happiness, as well as your problems, are your own."
Something to think about as we pat ourselves on the back. Did you know we've sold 10 more homes through the program?
Music Pro night was great! Everyone played well. Good job to all.
nicely done, darling. You make me laugh. Xx
Kicking it with my brothers Gutta and About to call it a night
Awesome! Thanks so much and see you soon! RT : The show was great! We will definitely be back!
Backing up Monsters Wanted raw footage to a better drive for editing. Two days from now my 170 hours of footage will be transferred.
is the trace from the backend node available? gist looks like frontend only
The only part of that I understood was 'you were right'
Lights & sirens in the airport. #badnews No it was not my fault.
Movie Night with the Family!! Cowboys and Aliens!! :D
This game is making me hate basketball
glad you like itt!!! :)
Our website is now in Spanish. Simply click on the Espanol button to translate.
I love coconut! How well does it work?
If something was wrong but there were no negative consequences, would it still be wrong?
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to hearing present at #GAAR for
New NW dates announced for April. OTHER LIVES open these dates! +Coachella!!
One in five (21%) adults in the U.S. report having doctor-diagnosed arthritis. I'm one of them, are you? www.healthfacts4all.com
Of course not. But I wouldn't have an animal in my hand. I would have an animal for a hand. My hand would swim much better.
I think #kevinclash is my new hero. God, I relate to his story! #Grover and #supergrover were my childhood loves. #captainkangroo too!
did you think Coltons "apology" was sincere? I didnt.
not shit back in the land right now...waz good bra
he is amazing! It was a true honor to be in his presence! :)
see, i get screwed up on those just from a lack of familiarity. Everyone uses ATMs all the damn time!
- Morgan Rhodes is the bomb diggity :)
Hmm... Peggy Post says it's OK etiquette-wise for non-brides to wear white to a wedding. Do you agree?
Git to the Knit. We're getting all diverse & shit & saving the evironment. Plus there's gonna be dance music.
S/o to them girls who keep their virginity through highschool then go dumb in college lol
Having some crazy flashbacks in the caf tonight.
Some GREAT parents of child actors 2
Its goin to rain alday........ I guess movies alday then.... In bed
The really cool thing is that it's an academic conference -- "Computers and Writing."
This day needs to be over
Need a little pick-me-up? Stop by our Newbury store for a FREE hot coffee and $1 espresso drinks! A taste of what's to come in the new year.
I'm soo exhausted today!!! I don't think the gym is gonna happen tonight :\
Just watched the vow such a good movie :) <3 made me cry a lil
is gunna buy ME an Arizona ;D
i'm great. we've been missing each other lately. good weekend?
followed back thanks for following!!
Good luck on finals this week hun!! Stay focused!
RT Sure, you're comfy with computer analogies, but do you ever wonder why a desktop has wallpaper?
Happy Halloween!
I'm just rambling now.... I should really go to sleep.
I text voted for for #NPOY soo many times THEY texted me "quit" to stop these messages!
um I'm thinking I need to be cheered up...
'comoon! Follow me. I don't bite! ;)
What now #Sandusky? Another one has come forward! How many of them are there?
#Intimacy over #Ministry ...!
Reunited at last with
Gardening for my grandpop today! He's 87!
there is no funny on twitter
with the consolidation of many Brewer Blogs, do you think that is a good thing for content going forward or a negative?
Ask me in again in a quiet bar and I'll tell all!
no problem can be solved by the same level of consciousness that created it. sometimes you just gotta pull yourself out of the trenches
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they help causes that are important to me!
The prices generally tell the story RT Why don't grocery stores have a "seasonal" section for produce???
Workout time:)
SO want to visit New England before I move to the west coast/move back home whatever comes first :)
Being on plenary panel for Astrobiology Science Conf 2012 was great! Conf tag line "Exploring Life: Past and Present, Near and Far"
Forgive all who have offended you, not for them, but for yourself
I loved being mentioned at #RailsBridge this weekend. I hope all those awesome dev chicks show up at me.
whatching youtube videos of people all around the world play the drums
I only watched the first 45 minutes of your conversation... FYI
Every good painter paints what he is.
Slammed busy for the next 2 weeks before I head to sing in Canada! As would say: "Jesus, take the wheel!"
never did see that darn bear today...
Really happy with how I solved a puzzle in ICO, so I rewarded myself with a Choco Taco. Best achievement system ever.
I miss B-More too. :/
i do the same thing when i read other people's tweets
Once an MFer, always an MFer! My cousin Lucy Blehar sings lead vox & we share back-ups. Hope 2cu inside the Kusama soon! XO
I SAW THAT ON YOUR STATUS LOL
Bitchs be fucking around... They need there face beat in
lol u not going! Shit Im suppose to be in jersey sat but that drive is giung to kill me!
Arizona? Hmm...I seem to have negative connotations to that state. It's good to have a positive reference to it.
Another QB transfer who is immediately eligible? Seriously? When the bill comes due with football gods for #badgers, it could be huge.
After months of careful consideration and studying the candidates I have decided to vote for on Tuesday.
": People will judge you no matter what you do. So you might as well do what you want."
This isnt his first offense. Clearly he should be fined and suspended for remaining races. He's the Carlos Zambrano of racing.
yea im tired to but ur just a daydream away
Power wins again...Hunter-Reay is in second, and Sato came up to finish third after starting last!!
Thanks Aaron! It's WordCamp weekend this weekend!
Watching 'Last Call' in Hollywood!!
Went on a bike ride. I am telling myself that the sore tired legs and heavy breathing is because I am pregnant. Yes, thats the reason ;)
was Face Timing and we ain't have sht too talk about ! lmao
Thinking on FABIO! OK he's really NOT that cheesy! In amazing shape. We gazed into e/othrs eyes @ Chiro last eve!
Holy shit! I had no idea Lance Henrickson voices Admiral Hackett in Mass Effect. But now that I know, it's so obvious!
I never wear make up and I never dress up yet some elderly person always tells me "your so beautiful" its nice but awkward at the same time!
hey man i don't know if anyone has told you but Terrence Jones is pretty good. Just thought you should know.
Can we see Tevez's daughter in a pool of boiling water please?
Congrats To Kentucky, Great Effort By Kansas!!
old news, ha ha
Singing oh oh oh (8) dkashdjasldhkjasd
my day is good baby I love you kiss the boys
11.17.1938: Italy publishes racial laws, defining who is Jewish, prohibiting intermarriage, and greatly restricting their ability to work.
Happy birthday :)
Today's gloomy and rainy weather is providing incontrovertible evidence that November is my least favorite month. Blech.
Now Facebook tells me when my friends decline my event invitation, as if I weren't already completely convinced my friends don't like me.
Nothing like an earthquake to shake you awake
The short guy from Lady Antebellum is cute
Oh my housewives, did I see some serious wedding looks tonight! Another amazing show
Hit yo girl in my car and now her pussy got that new car smell
Today Special: $15 Organic Manicure $35 Rockstar Toes Please call 559-761-0669 to make your appointment for today. Thank you!
I saw the Bat-mobile this past weekend in Oakland, where they are filming the new batman movie! Cool! Wonder why they had it painted Tan?
<U+2665>'It's a big big world so easy to get lost in it<U+2665>
Join my wife & I at 10am Sat.(Denver).We present "Tweet Your Way Into Professional Development
Building relationships. Not just "hello, enjoy the show" Having an engaging audience leads to success in #fundraising too
I hate how your not mine anymore..
Today's temperature: room temperature.
Search engines like unique content that is also quality content
Odd. fair use shouldnt depend upon the subjective expectations of the copyright holder, but objective effect on potential market.
Wow, really? RT : Don't eat fish from the Everglades more than twice a month due to the mercury in the water.
Whoops typo in last post... must delete! Anywho, glad the Tiger news is coming to light. It's hard for me to hold in surprises!
Kid talk: "Hey, the server crashed!" ...
Stafford or Matt Ryan?
It's time for #TWITTERTUESDAY! Stop in and say "THE POWER" to get a free Rice Crispy Bar! Good w/ purchase, limit one per table!
I have been online since 91 and am involved in many communities. I help with an annual event that has 300+ attendees.
you can hear the wind swirling while in the tin can
Just landed in Cincinnati. This is a very nice airport.
My office is health-conscious but can't say no to sweets. Thus, we end up w/ donut scraps that have been cut in half about 8 times.
Jewel sing along with and ... We're lame.. I know..
Got my twitter.com/rckwll account and Facebook.com/djrckwll re-linked just in time for the Holidays
thankss andrea! What do u do? Also, I'm performing in LA on the 26th. Do you live around here?
>>>>>> Been great so far. Been off for bout a hour now. Just greeting you Ma'am :)
You know I gotcha! ;)
Plane ticket booked for vegas this weekend....SO STOKED FOR AFROJACK and DADA LIFE! Hit me up if you are headed that way 480.612.3337
The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King Jr.
#chucknorris While urinating, Chuck Norris is easily capable of welding titanium.
Hoping for an apology from for publishing that lazy, racist attack on black studies by Naomi Riley. Still won't subscribe, tho.
Good one: Regarding Henry V
- Two sides of the same coin? :)
self-hatred and denial seem to go hand in hand.
Catch me tonight in Austin & Ally on the Disney channel!
If only the angry bean eater guy knew his little note became internationally well-known! Your bean supper sounds delicious.
negative nancy here
Go follow my new BRO
Talk to my buddy from National Guard and she really qot me thinkinq
This just in: check out Kiko's (5077 N Lincoln) for Bosnian / Macedonian food. Try the beef stew or stuffed peppers.
off to Cobalt for a drink...still on my hot date.
wow, it was a half day anyway
The transferential space "is a piece of real experience...but it is of a provisional nature" (Freud via )
I cringe everytime I see students walk into the building with posters, Glogster.edu USE IT!!
#badgers play Syracuse next
I guess I have listened to #SoListen exactly 1,001,802 times according to YouTube :)
Senator Jorgenson's new immigration bill fails to pass committee on a 2-7 vote.
Hah no comparison to Jordan Nice try though! ": Michael Jordan game 6...."
wanna know something?...alright.... is like the sweetest thing ever!<3
I'm from Indiana huge Bearcats fan! Huge Pacer fan, and no one has mentioned Lance!! Go Bearcats!!
are you going to the lacrosse game tonight?
whoa that's a lot. People really only do that for major weight loss. 15 hours a week 0_o you must be sore
I see sphinxes all the time. My cats love to snooze that way LOL
Who lies for you will lie against you.
bad a** tweets! Renewed interest in tweeters and twitterverse. Is it bad the 1st thing I checked was ?
miss u!!
Yes, it also appears to be working for me. Glad to hear from you.
that's a lot of pressure, dude
Haha me and bf act like kids throwing spit balls with a straw at eachother at Jack in the box lol hahaha
Might swell put the phone in on radio merseyside on for a laugh.
Thanks for the RT!
thanks love!
Will you PLEASE help trend #staystrongryankennedy ? He's a 9 year old who's dream is to be known worldwide before he dies:/ He has cancer ):
I can be in LA in 8 hrs. I'm ready to help!
After capturing a small British force retreating to Quebec on the St. Lawrence 2 days ago, Gen. Montgomery has taken the city of Montreal.
FYI--Previous five tweets are reports from breakout sessions.
Studying Charlie Parkers book - learning some "Bird" - New Project !
see your boy got the pole
let me know what you do with it! Such exciting possibilities.
Can not wait for New Years Eve. It will be the first time in a year that I actually go out on a date.
Shout out to Haz solo and High 5 collective. These cats are dope! Bottom line
BOFF! Wed. & Thurs. are teaming up! 6 Wings and 3-Topping Small Pizza, $9.99. We have Soft Bread Sticks too. (take-out, dine-in, delivery)
Shower , homework , then bed.
That's annoying too!! I'm sticking with 'What's up'?
Thinking about how awesome Bill Mahr's show with Mos Def and Salmon Rushdie was tonight! Shout out for POIGNANT!!!!
Gratitude heals us. That's why we need to focus so much energy on it. The goal is to live a life of prayer.
#DescibeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Half Baked
i don't know what this means but i'm in love you with you so...
Bye bye Boston.
DOIN A BIG BOWL AM
Sierra, what's up?
one of my faves!!
o please do! I'm sipping some green tea right now :)
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Wendy and Melanie, HUGE thank yous for your many supportive tweets Book 2 coming soon!
submission to ... winner at 5:30
Wine, Food, Art and fun fun fun!!! The Art and The Vineyard show in Eugene Oregon is three days long 3rd,July 4th and 5th! It will be fun
i have a string but rarely wear them. they belonged to my great grandmother.
Looks like Ron Paul just arrived at Vancouver rally. 2 black SUVs pulled into convention center as crowd chanted "President Paul!"
Countdown to starting the MBA: 5 Days
Infront of Aaron or David?
Oh yeah #ObamaBiden2012 make sure y'all registered now... Don't do it on CPT. Might mess around and not be able to vote if u procrastinate!
#TheBestPartOfMyDayWas... learning that it was National Peanut Butter Day! Two trends, one tweet.
indeed! More foodiness for a few more hours tomorrow!!
I could go for some dairy queen.
A big thank you and shout out to for his advice and help tonight as well!
alas. Hope you made mad money.
10 Minutes Into #Daytona500.....Not Impressed...Nah, I'm Just Hatin....This Shit Fire....
-NO, text me! I promise I wont bore you!!! ))): i pwomiseee !
Happy Thanksgiving to our entire Colonial family!
I don't hate him anymore. He's cool, when he wants to be haha, but it's awesome U2 r together.
I hear you lady. PEACE
Yeah.. sorry about that. More a provocative phrase than an actual idea. I actually think Sacramento MUST have an NBA team.
Chilean Mask: Smash a handful of red grapes in a bowl.Add 2 tbl. of white flour with the grapes, and apply the mask to your face for 10 min!
New design is not online yet. Should be live some time this coming week.
Watched a lightning storm from my plane window, very awe inspiring
#gardening is
Takes a well developed palate. RT The Floral Notes of Unicorn Farts. That is all.
well at least the way it's set up its BYU/Iona so there is still time haha
at griffs if you would like to rebuttal
ALFONSO RIBEIRO would be so much more famous if I felt more confident in the pronunciation of his name. (I clearly had to copy and paste.)
There's too much kindness on my timeline right now. it's more interesting when everyone is bitching
Your eyes are the windows of your soul
why do #RedSox games take 4 hours??
:o) How are you doing today?
Awesome. I loved Madonna AND CeLo. I don't care If Madonna lip-synced. It was great Still confused about the wire walker.
You gonna be there? Look for me and say hi!
Try to clear desk on Friday's. When Monday is almost a close & you can't see your desk, you know you're in PR :)
Bout to slap you in the face with sum shit to RT #teamAzB keep ya eyes ready
Answer: Roast Beast (in Dr. Seuss's "How the Grinch Stole Christmas")
Whenever I feel particularly self-satisfied someone calls and asks, "Is this the ? No? How 'bout you give me their number."
blacklatern says that I have smelled a fat bitch while she was sweating she smelled like bacon and ham!
Holtby loves freedom, Obamacare, the liberal media and shutting down the B's offense.
Is the story about trump moderating a Republican debate real? Is this real life?
One year after Health Care Reform and the premiums for my small business have gone DOWN
Look for the barn full of Walkers. Can't miss it. Do NOT approach wearing a geek ear necklace though. You will get shot.
Never look at your ex's twitter,it makes it worse. </3
have a good weekend, my friend!
That's my mf ni**a if u dont get no bigger# A That's the real....
loving a week in Cape Cod. : )
Amen! I look forward to these events each month. RT : Thanks as always for great time
Spicy garlic wings @ our favorite wild wings....m
Finishing up a VO audition and then off to work.
Thank you + + for believing in me. May Jesus be so exalted and lives be changed by our partnership. xx
Hey Cheryl!
Jonathan Miller: ""veryone has an issue they're passionate about, but none of that will happen unless we make #congresswork "
What Would Help Me Sleep Tonight If You Followed Me... And OMG I Love The Faded Dance/Music Video
#dsoc the net seizes our attention only to scatter it: Carr
Oh no... Maybe I'm late to the info but I just saw a poster for "American Pie Reunion."
Godspeed #josephacaba You make us proud.
TIme to waste another block filming random stuff in school! :D #VidCom <3
Congratulations to EVA member Annabelle Weston on her recent sales to Ellora's Cave! Look for "Wicked Woman" & "Mr. Temptation" soon!
The Dirty Karl!!
hump, hump, hump - all day long!
Seriously? You arrest a girl for accidentally walking out with a $20 pair of sunglasses? You owe a HUGE apology.
Doing work today
When the prosecution gets it wrong, no one can get it right.
Great start to the Networks & Network Analysis for the Humanities follow-up conference at UCLA. Thanks to IPAM for dinner!
Final touches on the new building this weekend!
Heading up to NH on 91. Traffic not bad yet - fingers are crossed.
Thanks for the RT! And great write up! I really gotta check out those other drinks you mentioned. They sound delicious.
Any luck finding the pup? Also, is he chipped?
No coon.
South African author Jonny Steinberg to speak at Northwestern University on World AIDS Day, Dec. AFC interviewed him on AIDS in South...
My friend, I happen to live in the (former) strawberry capital iof the world - we're going to get along great!
On my way to photoshoot crime scene of The Wailing with FX make up artist in NYC keep you posted!
i hate miami heat fans. they shuld b the last ppl to complain about not gettin calls
I was asking why isn't adultery illegal? It violates sanctity of marriage & Bible has 100's of passages against it.
Yes. Safe n'safety first!
- Yes, and they're responsible for the highest amount of crime around the magical kingdom of Unicornia.
Yes, #WalkingDead, if you're not going to develop the characters, raise the stakes.
#smwtransmedia Judging by the size of the audience, transmedia is a hot topic at #smwnyc #smw12 - even if the definition is up for grabs
Took you a while :P
If there is no heaven or hell, then Jesus is a liar. And why would you serve a liar?
#Brewers open up a series against the #Cubs tonight at Miller Park. Should be a gorgeous night with the roof open!
At least its over and we can see if the risk pays off..
*~bored den a mofo rite now in joncas classroom with Belser and....my class:P bored den a mofo rite nw~*
There is no day like the present day to do the right thing. :)
Call me
Last grad school assignment is finally done!
shooting single ladies?
Penalty USA. That could put the nail in the coffin.
Should I go to Morehead or UK? Such a hard decision!
"Some people jump out of airplanes for a thrill. I make money." Bobbie Robertson
just think summers not too far awayy. :/
I know. I'm very slap dash with my tweets.
RT #digitalpreservation Stack Exchange site was proposed by - he's blogged about it: http...
my bday present for you won't be in by tomorrow :(!
No moderation, just pure desired conversation&community sparked by the show or just by being in a room w/ppl
now that it does it I don't know if I want to know it or not.
Nope. Grocery shopping just makes me feel even more poor than I am.
No. Interesting mark prior (in red sox extended spring) will be pitching longer (or at least trying to) than kerry wood
do you see Ed Carpenter being strong like always at Indy?
I figured that's probably what you meant. No, I've been a Devils fan since I was about 14.
Los Angeles freakin' Kings.
You guys, Twitter is fun during awards shows!
Going to an A's game, nothing like terrible baseball to brighten a cloudy cold day. They do have beer, tho...
thanks to seeing cantogion i have now turned into monk
Monday went by really fast. Was able to squeeze in a #P90X shoulders and arms workout.
clicking your links point to old mobile bc site, don't see way to get to full site
There was confetti in the big gulp cups! AWH. no slushy~~
Blessed to see another day, blessed to rise again...
rolling to an argentinian steak place for dinner. meat.
I still have yet to play arkham asylum.. Been stuck on gears 3
awesome! Hope Shes ok
Thnx, but I found my answers
HAHAH ME AN JAMES AE ONNA BE DOIN IT ON THE TOP O THE HOTEL BUILDING
IM DONE! ITS ALWAYS SOMETHING.
Hello! What part of Australia are you from? I studied abroad in Sydney & cannot wait to go back! :)
or Dirk or JKidd or anyone else!! I'm disappointed in society!!
We are setting up for Kid's Night! We look forward to seeing you and your family for dinner tonight!
Praying for the tornado victims out west...
TURN TO YOU IS AMAZING <3
)': RT : :') Just give up Eddie. RT : Oh so now is competing? e__e arre *puts sleeve up*
I just saw Megan Rose on my way home from work... oh em g. I havent seen her since elementary school!! NPHS shout out
Chris Wolf: EU privacy proposals at "dramatic--& perhaps draconian." National laws >> centralized privacy regulation & enforcement
1992 MLB Draft, Tribe takes Paul Shuey #2 overall. Derek Jeter goes #6 to NYY. That pretty much sums up Tribes player development over years
GBS, I know you're having a super awesome sale, but I just want my nail polish. Stop bombarding me with samples and conversations.
Back from Palm Beach and loving Chicago more than ever (despite the cold weather).
Hey there, Sugabear! :) RT S/O to my new followers!
I hate when I sneeze while putting mascara and it gets all over my face
Prodigy is a BEAST. I LOVE his solo stuff.
Banjo says you are near me...you in NYC?
Yes I must
I seriously hurt my foot yesterday and I've no clue how? It wasn't a painful, discrete event.
Not really an american idol fan, but im deff a fan. love.
what up bro(:
On a similarly analog note, I've been using sticky notes to prioritize and re-prioritize clients and other projects
best twitter client for Android Tablets, bar none!
I never thought would yell at me....until today
I know right?! First time ever! I can't believe she dissed Lerone!
Two words the 99% fear, ROMNEY WINS
you the man Brett go pack go!!!
Ecc 10:19 A feast is made for laughter, And wine makes merry; But money answers everything.
Pantera on Monday night football match made in heaven!
Change is possible from deep within
We drove up from Kentucky to see a win, but it hasn't happened yet this week. We got one more chance tomorrow.
I have when I'm already comfortable in my bed and some shit always happens that makes me get up >:(
no i cant handle the hotness
The most ghetto fabulous person in #ATL is
RT Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart. Phil Jackson
hahaha! Where is the picture of this faux hawk?! That's pretty awesome.
“: it's okay princess.” I feel like going off on Shane in Romani. Or Russian. Or Spanish. Loudly. *sigh* Rude.
Ah what a nice little break then before the end of semester. Mine is dragging. Yes happily moved back to SF. yeah!
WORLD PEACE!!!
In the heart of Texas is Midland, Texas! We love our network there!
The American Embassy in Iraq?
Movie time!
Worked great! Thanks for sharing!
#2011icf Why do YOU think coaching works? Great table discussions... and differing perspectives!
Can't believe I'm jealous of a baby cus she got something last night that I didn't. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Pointing out past GOP support is fine, but it’s not enough. Challenge them to put up or shut up.
Huntsman: Election season prevents moving forward on US-China relationship
Someone tell me why my girlfriend is so sexy.
Excited For New Jonas Album 16
it's nice out!
Sunday bloody Sunday!
Who's going to be the overtime hero?
In LA and the weather is beautiful. Grammys tomorrow night.
OH: what's the fun in it if there ain't no pareto optimal
He think you playing hard to get.
my girlfriend, , is getting tatted the fuck up today and i'm missing it :/
How is it possible that I am at the Sprint store and still get bad reception. Signal booster? Cmon
Its growling man
I'm craving Starbucks .
i am hungry at the gayest times
Sometimes when asks me to help shave his head, I want to design lightening bolts or steps
When LaBrocca scores a GK chip, I wanna see same adulation RT : Simon Borg spent first 45 mins comparing Messi to Nick LaBrocca.
We had a great time at the #ADDY Awards Show this weekend. Congrats to all the winners!
are you going to be at the Gator Nationals?
Brownie was DELICIOUS!! :0)
I cant wait to get the hell out of this city. Only place Ive ever moved where people ditch instead of just saying no.
#IUseToWantARelationshipWith you but you seem to think replying to everything with "k" fixes the problem. and it doesn't.
I honestly am about to have a #teenwolf finale party next monday! Haha how funny would that be? Maybe & could come
Sorry, I haven't been in the loop. THAT puppy is adorable...
Good night with great people!
check out when you get a chance. I think you might dig them! Plus they have a free download available now too!
..tell me about it, damn!
Okay! I'm going in
to see devendra or not..gahh hate not having money!
its hot as fuck... its not even 66 F .. beach mission tonight holla =D
Vitamin E? Pretty good for scars right?
What probate
we finally met! Hey, I'm hearing rumblings that people are anxious for a written review. Have you any such plans?
I'm glad you're healthy.
if you have a ford truck. and it is yellow. you should be punched.
New Sigur Ros coming up in about five minutes on !
haha, I hear that its like Australia but with snow, and not as many deadly animals
Didn't know it was on until just now. Dang.
omg that was totally you! craziness. are you in LA? I think you told me you were.
thats been Bosh's shot all night
Love that hat.
I'm afraid she wouldn't stay around if she knew what my insides were like
hey man are you open for a session today? I have a friend who has a lot of money to put down for something
nothing much man. School school and more school.
true. I do have some skills but their a little rusty after some 6 years sitting behind a computer. Dont let it happen to you
Aishwarya Rai should make a twitter..
So Tarzan swing from the veins in her jungle
bring in nash, so he can watch bron dribble from the top of the key?
Omg SNL Time Magazine cover/ Game of Thrones reference. So true.
I need a good tan! Beach after finals <U+E415>
Stay focused and you wont lose
you are really enjoying instagram aren't you :D
Thanks for helping to get the word out about B&&C meets UX happy hour. We're moving it to next week b/c of snow.
Sucks that I have no car or money xD
its not the refs fault for calling the foul! It's KG's fault for committing the foul. If he wants to cry about it, then don't
You're a sketchy bitch, and you're fat. Thanks for being my motivation to be a better person
LOL were you puking? i woke up with puke everywhere -_-
I'm sorry I don't speak stupid! Can you repeat that?
- I have a TON sista! Scroll down my blog you'll find some...but lots more to come! thx for following
Quality costs more.
In typical fashion, he's not following anyone on twitter.
"Contemporary American literature is much too various be called a movement, but can be broadly characterized as iconoclastic & populist."
But I know an ANNOYING ass feeling has to be getting sprayed with champagne by a drunk disrespectful nigga lol. I feel bad for those girls.
Day 1 of Mental Health First Aid Instructor Training - Thanks for all the support!
My favorite person in Vancouver BC is the guy who hits the crosswalk light at William and Clark every morning for me.
WHAT? RT City workers will start maintaining the trees it plants and proactively pruning dead limbs. They did not do this before”
but all in all I had a great workout now I can relax.
Yes, it does. Just sayin'.
Found my "Spin the bottle" trophy from 2010..I got MVP
Don Quixote with the derby win
Raiding 's fridge with
Put your hands up if you're single for the nigggghtttt !
“: dude my dirty santa gift has changed. It is the shizzzzzz!!!!” Aww looked forward to the last
"Looks like not only in San Diego, but across the country, the taxpayers have spoken," - Scott Crosby on 77 percent yes on Prop A.
RT " That's not my department" maybe the most over used phrase ... and the most infuriating ...
Listen to your detractors, they provide the most honest feedback about your #startup. Don't be offended, be thankful for the clarity.
This is relevant to my interests! Thanks, and well done!
UGH I wish! I fly out Friday to Minneapolis for work! be careful climbing up to bdog's LOFT! LOL no really...
Holy FSM... I do not understand how ANYONE could think Mel Gibson working on a movie of the Maccabees would be a good idea. EVER.
Spill the Wine and Loring Kitchen are next. We'll be live on Kare11 at 11!
I'm so ready today. SCHOOL + UNLOADING A GAZILLION FLOWERS + TRACK MEET = shizzzz.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
Game time! RT : So excited to begin planning today for #Machon12 with !
hi thank you for following me, check my tweets
Like my uncle always said, it doesn't have to be Easter to go eggs deep in a bunny.
Had you will have been looking forward to it? It's going to have been great!
i followed them :)
I only understand Nietzsche through scenes from the latest episodes of Mad Men.
Always a gr8 day when u hear encouraging words from staff. Thx staff for ur dedication to families & children.
Great news for jobs in Albuquerque- Tempur-Pedic adding 100 jobs; Lowes adding up to 700 for new call center.
re tweet this and list me
I was gonna say the same thing..your hair is to pretty to cut it haha
the heinous groups you named dont act peacefully though. ive seen the article about portugal quite a good argument for legalization
very true!! JHud you are a strong woman ily
Come to Boston.
if you don't analyze yourself you'll spend so much time talking shit about everyone else... and you'll still be ..... nowhere
Save the date - benefit Strand 3/24 w/ MARY GAITSKILL, STEPHEN ELLIOT, ROSE TROCHE, LEOPOLDINE CORE, food + MORE!
The way Austin says Baby <3
Ah! Demi is getting punk'd next week!!!!
We have 4 gallons of "Split Pea Soup" colored paint for sale $20.00. If interested in purchasing call us 404-997-8011
yolo, so don't turn off the women (y)
if you let me here's what ill do ill take care of you
Talking to Victoria yesterday >>
I'm in love with Ming on #MTVawkward ... I want that hat!
My acting career really needs to take off
you tweet the truth
I miss tickleing you :p
As if i needed a reminder why I check Twitter so often.
follow back loco
told someone?, I'm a grown ass woman, I ain't snitchin! I'm knockin hoes out if need be!
follow back plz
Later today on TPH takes a critical look at Jeff Atwater, who he knows well from his days with the Palm Beach Dem Party.
Not since Xmas Eve have so many people been interested in the travels of one man
I wish I could.<3
I wanna see! :-) lol.RT : My parents put my baby pics EVERYWHERE. I can't even blame them though, I was a funny baby.
Please, have a shitty attitude more often. It helps put your mania into a much more realistic perspective.
hahaha xD if it was for dahvie , i would've done the same thing! Looks like i need to make a stickam lol
So I lost 3 followers today for no apparent reason...
...well...i mean if we're being honest here...
Just got back from the dance studio!! AH!! :)
We will be playing this Saturday at in Milwaukee. Gonna be a great rock n roll show!
Ewww now some things should never be seen, like cetain females showing too much skin. He don't wanna see all them blackheads!
we gotta get that track join. DM
HEY SEXY
or follow <3
everything is hotter when the sun goes down.
The inside half of the plate. That's where history's made.
Twit-a-holic over there, huh!?
Early start to get my hair chopped off by !
we all need to hang out!
Up tonight my doggy got really sick puked about 7 times now and keep it coming
i just got home feeling a little tired
#FYCchat As professionals, it seems our level of investment seems to overcome a lot of issues in the collaborative dynamic.
ladies of ABQ we want you for Miss Rock the Ink check www.rocktheink.net for details!!!
Reading about yfrog and twitter interop details reminds me of the marvel of the hive mind and swarm intelligence. Now go solve real problems
Thanks V!
hasn't the city been taking tax business $ from mmj dispensories?
No, just a few idiots we won't claim. “: good to see Kentucky fans staying the least classy people on earth.”
I'll bet you do
New Video: - Therapy (Live) Such a Dope Song. NW Represent!
: "Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level." - Peter Drucker"
hey Ashley what went wrong at S52?
You know what's really entertaining? Watching black people as contestants on game shows.
Co-piloting Louisville Slugger's corporate aircraft later this month!
haha you look 30 now :p
There is no greater invitation to love than loving first.
yeah my boyfriend thinks so
HIT THE WALL was frequently meaningful and constantly rollicking. (i enjoyed it.)
Hm...not phased. My stomach will be in about 5 hours, but for now...don't care. lol
Umpire pointed fair ball from the get go in the LAD triple play. You must need glasses!
Also, the final MGOLF match before the Championships is underway at Bishops Bay in Middleton. Head out to watch!
Who wants to go with me to see Avengers for movie night at Town Square?
My date, the fabulous Lisa Hodsoll, has informed me that her bladder should receive a Helen Hayes Award! WORD!
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it...so I said "Implants?.
The man at Dunkin Donuts drive-thru in front of me was asked what to drink... He asked: "What are my options?" "Umm coffee?"
I LITERALLY SCREAMED WHEN I FOUND OUT
DMs received, thank you
Hey Lilly's is tonight. Come support the lost souls of Chicago in this weeks rendition!
Dang, Matt's giving away free money at the retreat? I'll be right there...
#Sayword to the video son!! Peeped it out!!
good looking Plax Daddy! We gotta get on one soon!
Love #Trikortreaters, especially when I open the door and they try to come into my house :)
I don't think Jeremy was in the car at that time he didn't go to pick up Elena of I am correct
im sorry ashley! i fell asleep really early :( <33
yep. That's the one.
New legislation has killed the little guys. Appraisers going broke, mortgage brokers going broke. Big banks and mortgage bankers loving life
Way to pull in some wins:)
New York, any tips to share? MT : dear friends, my teacher looking for hotel in NYC with a low rate
Goal ! 35 minutes from the conference championship.
Eades #whisky tasting tomorrow on Capitol Hill for National Tartan Day. A fine tradition!
There's one one Yarbrough its called Take 5 LOL RT : “: El Paso needs a piano bar. Love piano bars”. <--- I agree with you.
I ain't forgot about ya bruh... Working
I don't know the password for my wifi yet so I can only tango or oovoo
no worries get at me when u can sweet dreams nite
so basically the book doesn't even exist until the movie comes out
"I REALLY NEEDED THIS." Big shoutout to founder Helen Pafumi, director !
You suck...
We're having lots of fun in this session teaching people about
Gym, write papers and repeat for the next few days. Gotta
I wish people would learn to keep certain aspects of their life sacred, or atleast private.
RT : Guys, Never lie to her. Trust me, if she finds out, you're fuuked.
probly in a lil i just lef from up there before thanksgiving on tour i got some folks up there
Krugman on student loans... Drag on the economy, enormous human tragedy, need a plan for more student aid. Making social mobility harder.
ZUZU wants to say COME ON RAIN!!!
They say that good things take time, but really great things happen in the blink of an eye.
lol phone killer!
I did that too! Thanks man.
Worse. It was 's fault “: Is Bass a 3B or 1B? In other words, was it Zueski's or Roseth's fault?”
I'm reading Papert's Mindstorms. 30 yrs old, but still relevant. Kids learn deeply thru programming.
Sorry but I'm already Brunos Dog :P
Are the wheels falling off...
Need some more ink I guess I'm gonna check some spots out so I can get my sleeve started
WHAT BAD BLOG ?
Lol this spanish guy is talking about how he wants to go to Africa lol
ha! You know it's true. I just want an elite 8 with hawks/heels.
RT : I spy with my eye yellow cans of Horny Toad Cerveza !!
hey thanks!
40 minutes outside, and I'm already sunburned.
....really wish I wasn't working this weekend....
I already miss you
I want a baby Fennec Fox!! <3
True. Team helped me find feet as new faculty. Meetings, team work, 11am coffee face time adds up. Also, I had set office.+
im bored bout to bump to sum music...nd do mhy homework-___-
hopefully not exactly the same. The walk to marisas house part....no.
iWant To Win Is Trending!!!! Lets Get #AustinIsOurWorld To Trend!!!
over 100 tweets (and fifty growls over lost honey) later
"The difficult is that which can be done immediately, the impossible is that which takes a little longer."
just tracked vocals for two new songs yesterday, be back in the studio saturday for the third<3 -trent
The Twitter world missed you
Busch Brothers Sweep Richmond
Gotta love #CollegeBaseball: Mike Fox of UNC was a D3 coach prev. now 5 trips to Omaha in 13 yrs
If you take it to the level of KILLING you would need to go back in and COVER UP all of your LIES. KILLING could mean the SPIRIT of PEOPLE.
Why am I hearing your roadtrip soundtrack in my head--including the lead track by Willie Nelson....
Any chance you can help a mama and her six month old son out to attend the #pcaaca conference? any cancellations?
they're not losing Saturday. This season's been too epic to not have end by not getting out of the second round again
My nigga mentality >>>>
This is my first time at a #globalclassroom chat too.
maximum rock n roll
": Cinnamon rolls, it's what's for breakfast :-)" and that's what I'm talking about!
do it.
me and my friend paulina are gonna sing in choir tomorrow infront of the class if we can tomorrow! we are practicing :D
I just wanted to let everyone know that PFFU President Jim Judd retiring after 29 years of IAFF service. www.pffu2011.com
Ugh hella tired from work :/ someone talk to me (: i feel like talking to people (:
Off to see #BigSandyandhisFly-RiteBoys at #LeesLiquorLounge for an evening of old-timey Western Swing. #whynot?
took you long enough
"Who's that peekin' in my window?... BLAOW... Nobody now." I preferred THAT CeeLo!
Got it, thanks for checking our page out!
Got ya grandma on my dick ...
Finally done with this paper! :D
I hate mosquitoes with a burning passion! >:I
just an observation on MN politics: some serious kool-aid drinkers on both sides of the aisle this evening. wow.
Havin talks bout wars n current news about the world
: Thx for replying! Are you in SD? Does your daughter see 1 of our pediatricians? let us know if you need help finding one!
The D-Backs leading hitter in the playoffs is the Minor League POY. That's both impressive and pathetic.
There will be disruption of phone and internet services due to COX maintenance on March 7th—AM. Let us know if you encounter any problems.
I really love your passive aggressive tweets.
when someone sets 2 recordings at the same time on the tv and you're stuck watching some strange show...
So fresh so clean like a cumbia king...ha is a chingo bling song....
Sadness is biting into a large, juicy apple and realizing you have ref desk duty in 5 minutes.
Thank you!!
And we are sold out!
Its hard to breathe in a corset.
Im from NYC, Im gay, I love food-fashion-and clothes. I love writing, Loved once. I love the winter. Im the child of the moon. I'am Unique
your phrase should be "v-necks and gay guys!" haha although i doubt if your gay
Good morn! Julie has all the deets! I think she'll tweet u soon! TY! smiles! RT : ... What do u need help with?
jealous! that's awesome!!! when do you go?
Lay Low bitch my Bitch Bad as JLO - by Of
Wow. People wore clothes to raves in the 90s. Now they're like 90% naked. How things change...
I've never met a concert movie I didn't love. #ThisIsIt #NeverSayNever I can only imagine the Beatles will be somewhat as good...
24 assists by #rondo in the #celtics #game today. Those are freaky #videogame stats. Oh yeah that was to go wit a #tripledouble!
In light of the prevalence of photo manipulation today, people peddling their wares with before and after photos, I have 2 say...Seriously?
On my way to Kroger to get snacks for
Wilkins: Orgs need to evaluate and if necessary respond to social media posts within an hour.
Just returning the favor! Keep listening! :)
There was just a FIGHT at the bus lot at my school!!!!! It was so funny!!
LET'S SEE IF I CAN WIN THE TEDDY BEAR
I Need To Start Eating Breakfast .-.
It's raining hard af
thanks so much. And thanks for being such a great sport!
Please take me off I dont want to be in it no more sorry. Its nun personal iys just idk I dont wanna be in it..
Kicking back in a comfortable chair, with my dogs at my feet. They have a calm energy that helps me work.
Dealing with a child when your sick <<< worst thing ever
How nice. Thanks for letting us know!
Had a great day with
France will definitely interesting to watch these nxt few years.
Thanks for the RT!
Can't wait for the ICONic Boyz to be on Shake it up tonite!!! So proud of them!!
Some margarita and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Just got back from the bookstore. 3 loads in me and I still haven't gotten off yet. I love being a whore.
Not a bad plan - but I'd much rather have my books in a cute little basket, beside the scones and bags of whole beans.
"Caviar in a Cloud"1 of 14 courses
no doubt! Can't forget I produced that bad boy too, hahaaa, ppl r gonna love it! R&R
Cowboys really? A ton more juice if it was Packers and Giants. Dallas is irrelevant.
Just beat at MLB on Xbox!
Insetad of macports or fink, try homebrew. It's much better IMO.
What website is this from? RT : ironic that the colors red/white/blue represent freedom until they are flashing behind you.
Pauly? I dunno that particular dyke looks DAMNED good in a dress... Wait. Did I fuck this up??
Big Congrats to and Conner Antweil. It's gonna be a good semester.
#hth2012 "The record is always in a process of becoming" (Kemming sp?) Great quote.
Damn why did TMZ have to find him! I hope he doesn't get harassed and slips back under the radar.
See u soon! RT : Oh, save one 4 me, CU in June! RT The OREO gets the haute treatment courtesy of
Great crowd #2012awards - amazing growing tech co's like TRX &
If you're in Nashville: Benefit concert Wed., 7:30pm, Belcourt Taps and Tapas for a displaced kindergarten teacher. lonirose.com
For a 2nd good choice for authentic Ecuadorian fare, he also suggested La Pena at Montrose & Milwaukee.
Some very athletic Punters in NFL today, including u. David Buehler can outrun DBs. Can u outrun anyone in Colts secondary lol?
Thanking my blessings every day that I am smart enough to learn from my mistakes!
Keeping my self busy really helps me from thinking too much.
Yo Im a stop following cuz he not following me back? It ain't like he's a #FamousNobody or something!! Actually he is lol.
Prepping for a talk next week. Excited to share our Footprints vision with everyone!
I think we should have a museum conference reception at a Maker lab...
: YES! Can I come in? Should I call? Can I just show up? Lots of questions.
This 21st Birthday was amazing! Thank you to my family, my friends and my Babykins for making it the best ever!
So basically, I think my term paper is gonna kick butt.
looking pretty good on fox Marilyn
Best thing I heard all morning - "Can't wait till O's ownership groups gets on a plane and never comes back."
On the bright side the #FloridaPanthers begin the playoffs tomorrow... Wait . What? ...
yes! And I'm missing you gaff! But me and are going to be REAL tight!
goodnight tweeters.
#shitfangirlssay oh my god he smiled at me he totally wants me.
heard a clip of one of my mixes yesterday... SUPER excited.
I think I MIGHT be in love with you, because of those last two twitpics.
Guy in the Spider convertible in front of me is distracting. Can't take my eyes off the large bald spot on the back of his head.
Good ol' Sapporo beer to finish the night. Hood night everyone :)
You'll never change no matter how many times you say you will.
haha alright def be up in Rochester a lot cause of and Haha see ya soon!
I meant excellent[ly fact-checked] story.
ok...how you spell "Swole"?
i was walking home & it started raining once i got to my house, i was lucky i didn't get wet!
oh nice that got us far
DANCING IS THE BLOSSOMING OF THE SOUL!!
Killing me Dunc
Disregarding the specifics of Braun's case, an arbitrator must rule based on the facts presented to him. Therefore...
Yes! Been too long.
Home from the gym ! Now watching fight tapes and hittin the shins
Lol, I think I've said enough for the night...or the year. Haha. Besides, I'm going to sleep now. Goodnight.
Still no call back from the Mahopac, NY's School Superintendent office about anti bullying policy that was promised. Should I be surprised?
But you love the 90s.
My big brother called me to see if I was okay<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+263A>
Thanks sis! Can't wait to see you!!! Think of a song you want to hear me perform
do me and austin need to come lol jk
sounds fun!
lol I meant lunch! Let's make it happen! I'll email you chica!
if you just change your password, you should be fine :)
goodnight fellow tweeters ----> "If the bed bugs bite, kick 'em in the shin." ~~me {*haha*}
I just discovered my new place to escape the Arizona heat! OMG. I feel like I am in Hawaii
I need to start getting ready for bed but I'm too lazy to get up -.-
Live interview with My Press Needs and Printers Marketplace Today @ 11:00am EST on Twitter
is looking for a strong Senior Accountant with non profit experience. Please send resumes to !
We're gearing up for the release of 's new single "Obsessed" dropping very shortly on www.iheartmusic.com Stay tuned!!
he said next time I hear it Imma do what the fuck I wanna do and kick ur ass out my house
#OWIF: It is a stand off now, between the five members of the posse and the four of us
Wait, people are seriously trying to make a big deal out of the fact that Obama ate dog as a child? Man, the GOP would HATE me, then.
Congrats to on his second place finish in the First Flight of the
Jeremy Lin is the man!! Let's go NY!
Did you know... The Data Vault will remove the hard drive from your old pc for shredding in the Data Shark, and e-cyle the rest.
i love buying a bunch of pointless shit online
That's exactly why ion have a boyfriend!
Does Lisa Lampanelli think that her actions on #CelebApprentice are helping her image?! She's a total loose cannon.
HAHAHAHA....I LOVE IT!!!! Hilarious!
Stay tuned for news about my upcoming single! Very different than anything I've released so far!
Game of Thrones
When playing online, fouls are not called as much for hacking. My game has lag issues, is there going to be a patch soon?
Swap the jitters and the bourbon, and that'll sound about right. /
Commission public input hearing is live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
Overwhelmed after an #AMR3 planning meeting, looking forward to in Azerbaijan!
Social media, we love it
After seeing a sweater on the sidewalk, a dirty hippy girl picked it up and PUT IT ON. Her boyfriend was as grossed out as I was.
ok I will try and hurry
THIS WORLD FULL OF PPL ARE SO FULL OF SHIT
Need some late period magic again boys!
once again Derrick rose we need u
I am too, and I find that I care TOO MUCH what they think about me too!
i need money fuck idgaf if i hve to call my dad i just need money for next week -_-
Take a look at Carbonite.
A clothing item is considered vintage if it dates from 1920 to 1960. After that date, an item is considered to be retro, not vintage.
I'm not <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>In SF today!
hahah you did though!
Hey Rachel. Happy Halloween. Been away a min. Just wanted 2 show luv & respect. Congrats on your upcoming nuptials. GOD bless
I just got a summer internship!!!! #TheSocialCities finally some amazing news!!!
I can't wait to go home and get some Penn Station
Happy Valentines Day to all my Twitter friends! Love the one you're with!
We didn't try them. I worked on simplifying the poster down to 3 colors with no copy and minimizing the registration, but I had to take ...
When will I catch a F*ing break?! seriously.
Thanks Sharon :) Im interested in learning more about your book! Our baby is just over 7 months now, so we love kid's stuff!
Imma be on snapped cause my momma is g me drive me crazy
“: Go download app!! It has awesome podcasts and blogs from I love it!”
this is REALLY good;)
not mine you were eating cake and shit
"Europe" BIG RECORD S/O PAGE!
No, thanks for the introduction. Great to meet you!
Of course bron bron missed. Late in the 4th and game on the line. What did you expect?
You can see the game at Johnny's, Member's Club, Quick's BBQ, BoJo's...
Can that experienced be bottled up and sprinkled over this weekend?!?
well I miss my friends /:
Come warm up with us! 50% off all apps til 8:30 p.m. See you soon!
Happy Birthday To Ayee
says who?
There's absolutely nothing wrong with cranking that album. I still do on a fairly regular basis.
Its ok ill have my new one next week.
ALAN still looking good for monday!!!!!
Go Kings go!
Thanks for the follow Andrew. Hope all is well and you're enjoying this amazing
<U+2640>There comes a point in your life when you realize who really matters, who never did, and who always will<U+2640>
Amazing diving catch from Megan Harris in right puts Hokies down in order. Still scoreless after 3 complete innings.
15 more days and I have my license
Thanks for the follow, Matt!
#YouAintTheOneIf you think its not a problem tryna talk to my bestfriends while we're together...
How are you?
It's time to go back to Seattle. Gah I don't want to go back! I want to stay here and relax for once!
#linernotes ....John Lamkin (the drummer)toured with MC Hammer as a backstage hype-man? Wow..didn't know that
2 close calls today with sprinklers during liveshots... And then it started raining!
that's the spirit of giving!
Dear, Anna you seem really nice and you look really pretty in your icon. Tweet me whenever
Call Me A Temptress., Call Me A Whore., Thats Just A Price Tag., Im Not For Sale. Dont Be So Obvious., Its Unattractive., You Know.
I did well there!!
lol but there are different levels of evilness .. I keep it mild so as to not frighten small children
Happy Friday and Happy Birthday to #Amerks D-man
Big Happy Birthday shout out is due to one of my favorite people !
A perfect night with someone for me is a bottle of wine, candles everywhere and blunts already roll up, food already cook
I feel like starting a game of fill-in-the-blank. Try this one: "Sure, sometimes I dress like a slob. But only because ______________"
The quote TS Eliot used was "Mistah Kurtz, he dead" I'm guessing his title was Mistah. Titles don't matter when you're Kurtz
If a man could have half his wishes, he would double his troubles. Benjamin Franklin
Days like today make me happy I'm back in the services world. Everyone should have clients as great as does.
That's not the elephant in the room, that's the fucking blue whale in the world.
First day of OA Week and Emory Library peeps are wearing their 'I Support Open Access buttons" Very stylish!
yes, yes i did. RT Did anyone hear Sue the NBC anchor talking about a ball hitting her breast at the top of the 11:00 news?
Pop/Rock duo Joey & Naomi is at Council Oak tonight from 9pm-1am
It is an amazing day! There is still time for a third or fourth walk too!
Do you know how I can associate my twitter ID with my speaker profile on Lanyard? Couldn't find info on their website. Thx!
That is a LOT of pencils! “: Went to target to buy pencils. Walked out $137 poorer. #wtf”
Looking forward to speaking at the WACVB fall conference Friday!
you say that now, but later if I ask you to go to victoria secret with me, will you really go?
Im out for tonight did 3 Songs today
did you just evil laughed via tweet? cc:
: Good read on the play. Just heard Shaq make the same reference.
Mama ain't raise no fool and my daddy ain't raise no coward
is manufacturing, packaging & distributing in Long Island City.
My phone's always dying -.-
I keep getting notifications from IG. It is kind of annoying lol.
man city
I Believe in Love. I Believe in Light. I Believe in Me. I Believe in You. And in All that We can Do.
Heard yesterday - Facebook is just a modern day Talmud. Someone writes something and others leave their comments.
Pub. univ's are struggling for revenue & want autonomy from states. UO is first system to push back on this trend. Are there more to follow?
im bout to come down there
Just like in golf, sometimes you have to play
lol I got you
But I do know I'm not buying a Game of Thrones bundle while the Kindle version is 30% more expensive than the paperbacks.
“: something I don't miss: Regents exams.... #newyorkprobs” I hate these.
Day 76 of 100: I am thankful for free Google phone calling across North America, baby :)
I love commercials. Nerdy hobbies lead to national auditions :-P
Rain is just about over the metro again. Salem is about a half hour away from a small break.
Actually it was Spring Break x)
Holy paid vacation, Batman! Make sure you go somewhere exotic.
Make sure you subscribe to YouTube channel TripleTeam3TE ASAP!!!!!
yeah that will be great
RIP Whitney Houston. You were a beautiful person and inspired many!
Another day talking to my bestie and couz! Miss them alot!:(
i guess..so ITS FRIDAY FRIDAY GOTTA GET DOWN ON FRIDAY!!!!!!!!
Lists, questions, shock value, boners.. All good ways to get people to click your links!
I should just accept a "champion" is rarely the season's "best team." WS was entertaining, but poorly played by not the top teams.
Opened SHORT $AUDUSD @ .99775; 13% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 93% SHORT
Omg the tables have turn, I'm kool with the enemy--killin them with kindness:D
An hour and half left and I need 24 more followers....
I love that piece! So creepy but so good :)
yes ima sleep now haha night
lmao for real...unless you wanna work at spencers or some shit
Yes im readyy! :D
Ha RT: introverts are so hot right now
Undergrad leaving class "let's get TRASHED!!" srsly. It's not even 1 pm
Thank you for your strength and inspiration. Your book has given me a lot of clarity and hope.
I love love love your OPI nail colors! I think you are Such an amazing and classy lady!!
Fuck What You Heard....Recognize What You See.
On the telli with Robert (:
my shoulders got burnt kinda...my back pack did not feel good walking home haha
Haven't heard Favre is interested in returning. Has hell frozen over?
My weekend begins today! Yeah!
Free Zebra pens!
right I hate bitch ass niggas....
Glee officially sets record for topical teen trends in 1 epi- cyber bullying, gay bashing, AND texting while driving, oh my!
Martin Lawrence Is Getting Divorced For fifteen years, comedian Martin Lawrence and his girlfriend Shamicka Gibbs lived in blissful cohab
hahahaha i took that in the wrong way but yeah!
live tweeting Yanks v Mets..for starters, the bonehead Mets fans finally noticed they have a Shake Shack - the sole reason to be a Mets fan.
That was the holding cell for the moment but I got sidetracked,
must have faith my friend.
#sachat Re: social networking. Is it time we rethink how we talk about professional vs. personal lives?
I am still on XP and I didn't have to do anything.
"It graves me that you have less honor than a back-alley whore." You give him that sass Sir Rodrick!
I thought it might be! I could help you steal the Reel'm Inn's recipe for Chicken 'n Jo-Jos.
thanks for the shout out, Amul! :). Happy Friday!
We love musicians.
Looking at pictures of my family in Chicago... I miss them so much :-(
now following
We should evaluate ourselves and realize our own inequalities sometimes...
Thanks for following us, Jennifer!
Hello new followers! I hope everyone had a good weekend, and it was restful and producive.
Amazing night at the Harvest Festival!
Lovin' me some Deadmau5 right now.
Si - viva Mexico! My hubby Carlos is thrilled RT Casa Guadalajara in Old Town just erupted in screams- wow, must be the World Cup
If all goes well we'll take Jurassic Park over tomorrow & replace Hurricane Donuts2 PDX
Been up since 7am...finally getting in the bed at 3am...g'nite folks
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 21
Getting back in the game. Almost row time.
Oh HAI Seattle :)
Cool stopped by the office (about 3 hrs ago). No lulz with were had.
Dam it this screening was fucken worth it and the wait to.
Ryan Longwell's FG% wen't from 94 in 2010 to 78 in 2011. Seems like a smart move by the Vikings.
Getting ready for two story slip n slide of doom.
Smashing some buffalo wings loving life
"i am scared of this darkness! i surrender!"
I just wanna go away for a week and forget everyone and everything and see if i'm better off without some people.
SB 576, charter school accountability and expansion, passes Senate Fiscal Oversight 3-0. It is now able to be finally passed by Senate.
you're on drugs<3
"I wake up to reality now, but tomorrow I could wake up to my dreams becoming reality." - Willow Duplechain <3
My head hurts.
you a ratchet ass hoe, get to work
If you hear sirens coming from San Onofre Nuclear Power Plant don't be alarmed. It's just a drill. We're live in San Diego's North County.
My dad is so rude and mean to me. I swear he hates me. :')
"The government turmoil is no surprise. Greeks have always considered politics their national sport." – my Grecian mother-in-law.
excessive posting gets an unfollow.
Wow! This is a long line outside Lucha Libre! Is it worth it, folks? What should I order?
yay!! signs on for 2 more years of ! I couldn't image the show without him!!
today is the first day in 2 1/2 years where i could legit miss
wait, he's announcing the winning country today?!
That Billy Blanks name is a brand for real. Even I remember that craze.
TONIGHT 6 & 6:30p UVa's Dance Program performs on the Terrace for Final Fridays!
Tim McMahon Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where the fruit is?
Awesome! Welcome
I almost wish I didn't have Sunday Ticket. That way I wouldn't have to pull out my hair watching some of my players!!!
Suit the action to the word, the word to the action. William Shakespeare
yes we do ^__^
kk see you soon
Get off train in DC. Instantly feel underdressed. Chamber of Commerce anti-financial reg ads blanket Metro. My hometown is a strange one.
Does she have anything on kickstarter or indiegogo? Possibly someplace where donations can be sent? Put it out there if so.
If you care about keeping the valuables safe on your truck, RV or boat, you really need to learn more about this company:
i am literally halfway between TWO Pret A Mangers. and i can't decide which way i want to walk.
Going to sleep with a smile on my face [:
Thanks for all the #FF love today. Appreciated as always.
Congrats to all my fellow graduates today! #hatsoff #Classof2012 <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
I say this every year but any sport that allows someone to be taken off in a stretcher and immediately get off and ruin back in is dumb
37% through The Hunger Games by Collins, Suzanne on Kindle for Android!
I use 2 hit da kitchen lights cockroachs err where
To waken interest and kindle enthusiasm is the sure way to teach easily and successfully. -Tryon Edwards
Check your inbox for our Blastoff 2 Cabo Email!
#canoeproject Can do with a canoe. watch out for croc-i-gators
Thanks for the RT! =D
don't you think this deserves a good pint to talk it over?
word...guess you gotta look super fly huh...esp with summer term coming up!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand you not talking to me. :/
Tim Tebow has a better career starting record than John Beck... Pathetic!!!
it does so qualify for Random Act... in fact, you can count giving her your freedom too.
Instead of asking themselves" 2 love or not 2 love" ppl should ask themselves wether or not they want 2 get screwed over or not :)
Blake Griffin has been diagnosed with a Hyperextended Left Knee, but is expected to play Friday in Game 6 vs Memphis.
I feel offended lolz
plotting my next holiday cookie - just got a buttload of jam so i'm thinking something sandwhichy...
can I be a ball boy?
i need to see my sister friday !
I'd rather be friends with benefits !
is that his name? he's amazing at being terrible, yes.
Not even 6.6 seconds is quick enough in NYC.
If you've trainwrecked two songs in a mix, you've trainwrecked them all
Yeah after throwing up 1 of his wing and a prayer shots.“: Rajon Rondo pulled a Randy Moss, took a play off.
Love is like a butterfly; hold it too tight and you'll crush it; too loose & it flies away.
I thought he was gonna say something like that he got signed...
Oh yea Miami lets make them are bitches tonight
Thanks for the follow bro :)
In DC with Bourdain's "The Layover" on while I unpack. Really, producers? British accents need to be subtitled for the colonists?
. And it is because of the monies expended that administration is reluctant to let anyone opt out of it.
My Girl Friend Is In Love With You. I Can See Y.755MadAve 65-66St.646.5452895
The disconnect between ideals and reality are so large in the app world
Only if you continue doing Fantasy football for at least another 25 years! LOL!
Why do you even bother with junk like this, HuffPo?? RT Should Kim Kardashian give her engagement ring back
Oh my god I like her.
The Turtle is so excited to have you! Do we have any other teammates on twitter??
without belittling and ridicule, there would be no iPad
Pony Lion. Lol.
Let the weekend begin!!!!!
Agree..New apps are cool “: probably everyone under 30 RT : Does anyone even want this feature?
RT : Thanks for asking! Still finishing post. Mostly just color and tiltles to do. Score is done and sound...
Lil boosie free....what's good!!!
juggling three facebook convos, 5 aim convos, and trying to do homework is not a good mix. xD
Heads up the is now on Twitter Guess they will be going after all those fake Barack Obama accounts.
sure. but the word annoying is pretty harsh. oh well. can't plz everyone. :)
Kevin Durant is definitely bringing back the #backpack phenomenon! Thought it was gone long time ago..#trends come & go
ha ha that's funny. Who is the 2012 National Champions??
Asshole kids cutting me in line at chipotle...
hopefully Evans wins.
Thanks for following! Can't wait to visit again!
I don't have your number…awkward.
what? my phone is charging :c
I dunno man. Taylor Swift was pretty terrible a few years back. I didn't see Lindsay Lohan last night though.
Jeff, Ian, and I (Jack) met while in college in Orlando last year. Alex is an old friend of Ian's and we met recently :)
Today's Chewie achievement: stealing my glasses so I cannot see for work. Way to go my little hellion! :-)
Tami is hilarious
we all know who loves cameras lol .. damn
bahaha be nice! They're pretty
Urk. >_< And how many did you *send* in the past half year?
8-2-80 the most famous and successful Superdome show took place 31 years ago as JYD gained revenge on Freebirds.
I'm glad you enjoy. Thanks for the support!
next year :-)
DM me your contact info
Happy Resurrection Day!!!
Thanks for the RT. I'm in serious freak-out mode!
yea i pretty much have no reason to NOT want to see him shirtless!
Just finishing up day #9,583 of never seeing a black guy on the discovery channel
I'll be the one holding up the sign ...got bliksem?
and fall into my arms instead <3
RT Is there an OA option along the lines of Bioscience or ? I'm thinking , but others? cc
Life is what you make it
Many musical thanks for following to , , Keep that music coming!
#Money might not change u, but i def change the ppl around u
yeessss reunion much needed! I'm having desert and house music withdrawals
who wants more subs on youtube? hit me up in my mentions !
Ba-ZING! RT : Couldn't get a tic for me too? Well, two out of three ain't bad. :)
did you sleep good ?? i hope so , because i didn't !
Keshawn mad because he lied n now he aint gettin nothing from his girl
Santorum: the most important issue of the day is not unemployment, it's government intervention.
RT : Just spoke w/the super cool Steve Lemme about Good luck on tour & ill try to make to Tampa
Hey ! We love your style!
Thank God It's Friday
I had a suit jacket and I was dreaming of a cozy sweatshirt the whole day. (That isn't very librariany of me is it?)
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Best Vibrator Engraving Ever: Thank you for coming! RT via
Heard that one before! LOL
sometimes I get beat up too :) #s4pm but it works. Upgraded to a bigger baseball bat :)
Thanks for connecting! Could I send you a play? Best, Matthew, plays published at Indie Theater Now
dm'ing you right now
Day 6 of Scooter Cannonball. So far 5 crashes, 1 cane, 5 scoots dropped out. But don't despair Pie Town, NM is on the horizon...
Raging at the other drivers provides a nice adrenaline rush to help ease into the day.
"Thank God4Church pews&all the faces that wont4get u&when u’re lost in this crazy world u got somewhere2go&get found Thank God4hometowns"
going 40 in a school zone and not having on my seatbelt :(
What's good?
No LA vs Denver, that's why the Bulls/Philly game is on the NBA channel
Dear Flash Player: Die. Go away right now. -ME
you take that back! haha! I love Emily! :)
Time to get my day started : )
Hi Ayesha, thanks so much for your kind words!
RT : Dont just be a broadcaster on Twitter - be sure to share good links and/or ask questions to engage.
I think i just felt an earthquake.
thoughts in tannehill?
just grow up lol it's like arguing with a two year old, worry about graduating and not a dress that doesn't look like you
Hater: "Cody is a fag." Me: "Cody has more than 3 million girls wanting him. How many do you have wanting you? None. Have a nice day."
One Act Naturally agreement signed, sealed and delivered. Get your hand downs ready to go from 6 to midnight. Big news around the bend.
Mornin' :) how is your day going so far?
(Milwaukee) Roll over 794 @ Carferry off ramp, vehicle on roof
Nothing improves the comfort and energy efficiency of a kitchen more than plenty of insulation in the exterior walls.
Trying to do my best Jessica Niederberger impersonation lol RT : why are you at work on a sunday??
Just listened to 1st single. had a good laugh. Dude your awful, stop doing what your're doing.
Finally home early for once. Yay can finally watch a game tonight!
So beat
I almost got into a car accident laughing so hard. You know I'm a WWE fan for life. LMAO
GLOW-RY Night was awesome last night!! So many new souls came to Christ! =)
Hahaha rotten scoundrels we were! #karma has been a bitch lmao! RT : Spitting in kids instruments
The list of people working in my house is too long to tweet completely!
Goodnight Ian! Sweet dreams. Tomorrow is a new day.
Here's a follow for you, brother. We definitely needed to get you off that number before tomorrow! Go Big Blue!
Oo La La! Enjoy your goody bag !
Hey friends, Single Chef will be Live & All new Monday July 5th 6pm watch live stream at www.TheRoomLive.com Best! Matt
it says "User Does not Exist".......sup?
The librarian next to me smells like hospital food and Bengay. Why do so many of these ppl seem 2 steps from Death's cold embrace?
I just wanna go home and lay down with my love
cute dog... Thinking bout getting one lol
Morning Rockstars! > People who have nothing to say are never at a loss in talking. - Josh Bilings
"Sarah's yarn store, profiled further in Chapter 11" had a big laugh on this. Your book shouldn't had a chapter 11 :D
Be very careful ann
lol im already goin with someone or i would
You're killing your father Larry!
Listening with your entire body is a special present moment awareness practice. We learn so much when we truly listen
"Blah Blah Blah" looks like a good read - I'll check it out - thanks for the rec
He who looks for nothing, finds nothing.
man i look like shit!
I miss that one
And I don't care what anyone says, Jack has nothing on Brautigan. I hope this works out.
excited to hear your good news !
Who wants a dream that's near-fetched?- Howard Schultz (Starbucks)
what is DFI? A low fee counseling clinic in Denver and an AAMFT accredited therapy training institute. www.denverfamiyinstitute.org
I forgot how to lose and I don't have no intentions on trying to remember it!
A big thanks to for helping me move my gun safe upstairs. Next time we will use a hand truck though. Haha.
Thanks Greg for your Re-Tweet!
or vodka. JK
follow me on instagram natalieeeerose_ i follow back :)
Met a group of 12 actors, praying we keep in touch!! Thank u 4 ur belief in us, and ur prayers! Our goal is 2 entertain!n makeuall proud
I'd like to be everythaaang you want.
eat everything and anything I see. If I'm gonna die might as well die fat and happy.
Gulfport FL: T and Me Tea savory Tiffany tart, banana caramel crunch fruit hand roll and green sakura cherry tea.
this has been a lovely conversation -- one of the best I've had on Twitter. I hope we can resume it soon, but I have ...
so what happens if its a crappy ass party
Is Energy Efficiency still a priority to Home Buyers?
Happy Birthday Shaunie :-)
don't you think there *should* be a way to have both? And if not, shouldn't they have dealt with it better?
so happy
Just read the #Sandusky indictment and I'm now 1) thoroughly sick to my stomach, and 2) shocked it took PSU even 5 days to clean house.
I'll say it then... The story comes to an end this wknd. It's been fun to watch, & VERY happy they beat the Steelers.
I now have my headshot prints, now I have to wait for the reproductions to arrive.
Unfortunately, I did not get into the live show tonight. I was number 21 and they let in 17. BUT I made some great friends. #silverlinin ...
College kids, grandparents/grandkids, senior centers, community groups - all great partners
Michael Jordan lived in Chicago... D Rose was born in Chicago... D Rose Doesn't know who his father... ... dun dun dun
Good night :)
You're hotter when you're silent.
The best US DoD inventions have huge impacts in the commercial space (e.g. The Internet & GPS). UAVs are next in the post-Shuttle era.
So obsessed with these Capri Blue candles. Makes me feel like I'm walking into every time I get home.
RT : coffee ice cream in my coffee this AM. Delicious & not too sweet. Other option was fat-free half&half. An accidental buy.
Free BBQ, beer, and karaoke. Yes, please.
dirk daggers perfected.... dirk now up to 9
Practical Magic? Because that's my Sandra, I shouldn't be watching this, movie.
Nice job by Lincoln tonight. Rotation still not missing a beat
break out that concealer!
Why am I still awakw-_________-
Sunday night = feasts
That isn't crazy, it's stupid, but not crazy.
True. A spoiler can be a necessary agitator in an unfair closed system, but it's the hired ones I mock...
Yo Mama So stupid She went to an orthodontist for a blue tooth
@ sunset grille in St.Augustine yummy
Seriously, vajazzling? Who starts these trends?!?!
Shut down my Facebook, now I can pay attention to my Twitter, happy Tweeting Y'all.
funny how paul hasn't gone down to the quizno's to actually pick up a sandwich, but has eaten two...
I don't feel like I'm doing shit, but supposedly it's the best exercise in the morning
crying because won't follow me ;(
Are there any librarians from the British Library here?
You're gorgeous. You like him. He likes you. Why can't that be me?
Using the #cross as a symbol for #Christ is like using a sniper rifle as a symbol for JFK. Let's admit that the cross is a symbol of
Sigh. See this week sucks. I can't even get full credit anymore when reading your mind.
Smh Gotta Do Whatever It Takes...-
Haha. Man, that stuff was delicious. I don't think pregaming is necessary considering Im about to eat the first meal of my day.
okay, the next person to ask me where in California they should move to is going to make me shoot myself in the face....
it all depends on what city u live in...mines is in Detroit so it'll be at the Fox
Deterring would-be criminals is one of the most effective forms of crime prevention.
Jeff Lucas, BNQP, will be special guest on Performance Excellence USA Radio Show on Sept 5 on 770KKOB 7pm (MST).
They COULD, but we don't want to kill the cash cow. They'll all pay in the end. 9/1 is great for students.
requesting to have JDATE as a portfolio client
A 2010 French study found that eating vegetables improved the condition of the retina in people with age-related macular degeneration.
We're always up for beer and good company! :) Are you in/going to be in Chicago soon?
The super bowl village downtown was really cool! You should go :)
soo......im finally getting mistletoe...im late...probably the last person on earth to get it..but thats ok :)
seems like u had fun!! Glad you met them again:)
oh damn it .. gotta learn some vocabulary -.-
Thanks to everyone who came out to #GreenDrinks #GSO last night! Loved seeing everyone "socializing for sustainability". See you next month!
Was gettin extra brains at school today
cheating? No, practicing....
This is what I was telling you about:
Bout to go hit some golf balls wit
Can I see your Tuts? Ha dance joke! have shirts that say that!
Anybody looking forward to the start of the #NBA season?? I'd be more inclined to watch if they'd get a team back in Seattle!
I can't believe they don't have size 00 in slacks. -_-
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!
Yessir! and I are coming together :D
alright then dm me your number and ill tell you the photography info
#YouKnowItsRealWhen they know about all the skeletons in your closet, and they still love you.
British soldiers and Canadian militia are fighting the Continentals under Livingston and Brown from on top of the guard walls around Quebec.
So I'm at the drive thru at Mickey Ds enuf said! Damn what is wrong with me
What if someone came to you ten years later and used what they had on you as blackmail to show your children.. that would be so PETTY! LOL
I think so many people say that they are entrepreneurs-I feel that many of them do not know the definition!
"Do you want me to melt your cheese on your meat?" #ShitDebSays no lie this happened to the person in front of me.
The Expendables 2: Five Things We Learned From the Explosive New Trailer
haha good! I won't be alone!
Never trust a food trailer that does multiple cuisines. They are compensating.
Go green at home by switching to cloth instead of paper for table napkins, kitchen dusters and cleaning wipes.
Steve Blake... Really??? Can't buy that shit
Learn the Top Ten Ways to Survive and Thrive in a Recession with Darren Osborne’s session in Practice Leadership!
Voting for #Chris Rene!
the library's copy of Debates in the DH came in yesterday. Selfishly grabbed it for myself.
Hahahaha. Yes. Because I don't go crazy when he's not there, because I'm an awesome girlfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
yes! A lil exercise will get you going!! So happy you're with us!
Islanders down Des Moines in pool play.
I'm at for the tour of Hide/Seek by Co-curator Jonathan Katz!
thot th@ was kinda funny lol Have never seen him @ a loss 4 words b4 lol
YupRT : Its GameDay, of course you feel better RT Haven't tweeted in a while. Haven't been feeling well lately. Feeling a lot better
Automation is the word of the day!
This weather is so odd- rain, thunder and lightening in January?
Please follow i love degrassi and u hahah <3
Lisa, will we see you at fuse during the next rain storm? Hope so!
awww thanks :D tell your friends about it please!
you knw whats good, another day that god has blessed me, and having sunshine in my life. i have life choices to make, and w/ god i can d ...
Good ? RT : Why do the Blazers play good defense against San Antonio and Chicago but not against Cleveland and Indiana?
#fridayfiction The mammoth slept til Friday then, upon waking, started on the next Great Iceberg Novel. He couldn't think. Froze.
you know...not 'Erb'...but 'HURB'..I know silly..
RT “: Wandy Rodriguez is having a rough spring" remember when you traded me Kershaw for Wandy straight up 2 years ago?
ppl need to get there act together this is2012
SUCH CUTE ILLUSTRATIONSS
What's up with ? Service is starting to really suck again.
well it was Alex who suggested it!
in no particular order, la Boulanger at pine and Fillmore, Tartine in the mission and acme bread company at the ferry building.
R U at ? Don't forget 2 text 2 enter 4 awesome giveaways & prizes!
It has been just over 48 hours since I moved to nyc- can't wait for what the future holds!
January 7th!!! We are going to be on the TV show MAXIMA DISTORZION on MTV Tr3s performing live!!! Dont miss it im so stoked!!! :)
Sara what are you up, more library time?
The Strand Theater in Old Forge rules hard
Are we just going to have a campaign of bickering? Would it be 2 much to ask for Obama Romney & Gary Johnson to sit down and discuss issues?
#Moms The act of #breastfeeding is natural & worthwhile but doesn’t always come naturally. It's a learning process for you and
ME SORRY. MY APOLOGIZE!
good morning my buddy Vern!
Consider getting #homeinsurance and #autoinsurance from the same carrier as the #bundlediscounts can be very generous.
lol... gotta check those status messages in the middle of a nationwide dual-pol upgrade... they started early though
hey loverly! what's my week on #youth? i just remembered today that i was supposed to do it!!
Will we get an American driver in a car next year. Who might it be?
I love Aaron Diaz and William Levy!! They r so HOT!!
Labor Day - Schmabor Day! Happy to be working with my highly motivated, rock-star clients today. Body Fat didn't take today off!
easy now mate!
Everyone looks so tall on television. I'm only five nine, fuck.
Already in bed. Amazing! In the words of Gidget... "this is the ultimate"
good luck!
uh no, last time i checked you loved Melissa k boi .
atta' boy clarence!
are they on yet?
It's 1:05am and I have to be at school by 5:30am I'm screwed-Kelly
RT "Dell has more than 2 billion customer interactions each year"
I live near the stadium.
Only calendar density, batman. A little overwhelmed right now looking at the next three weeks. I guess network effects are... Effective.
Spectacular. Well, actually. xD Haha no im kidding it was great! yours?
SORRY guys i have been MIA.. i was alittle under the weather... new casting will be posted soon...
If there's one thing I hate the most, it's being lied to. I feel like leaving home right now and fucking someone one up, for real
Pickled okra and hot sauce.
Disappearing Dissent: How Bahrain Buried Its Revolution
When will another season of Soul Cities will come back man? The first season was the ish man!
Bingo night!!!
love you!!!xo
Halftime. Black Team 73, White Team 55.
That I can agree with.
how many months until the next #walkingdead season?
: Good luck!
We recommend ! RT Has anyone tried these websites where you loan money to people overseas?
GOOD call :)
See Thas Just Why I Fall Asleep On Yaa nah
Is anyone able to view the conference on smartphone - thunderbolt?
Dude, if that's a sign to go to bed, you should be sleeping 19 hours a day!
just checked my credit account, nothing there from NYRR. Too bad! #nexttime. Thanks. Congratulations!
Roundtable, #water rates, mayors #budget and open seat on county board of supervisors.
Save water, drink wine...or Sangria...or beer....Happy Hour starts at 4:00pm and goes until close!
Crying my self to sleep tonight. I'm sorry you see me as such a bad person. Know I'm trying to be good enough.
well, then I'll continue to try not to disappoint my fans...
Tonight's 8pm #DIONYSIUM's at 2 Havemeyer St., NOT Knitting Factory Brooklyn. Abbrev #KFBK makes me think Combination #KFC and
#NeverShouldYouEver Focus on the past, focus on the future. <3
well my bday is coming up soon so that's what I want! K thanks!
Who Am I? Do you ever ask yourself that question? I wrote an article on LinkedIn on this today. It can be found in the MLM Group.
did it
has bad mountain gas
How can eLearning software improve to meet your needs?
when my mom tells a bitch off >>>>
boo! we need to hang out and go thrifting! are you doing any shopping this weekend?
be nice i try
Bwahahahahha I am now following on xD
Spurs/Clippers Game 1 tickets secured. See you tomorrow San Antonio.
Thanks guys I hope I win too ..... Tillys 500 gift card be sweet
oh, was that my invitation? lol. I'm for real about this interview
"It ain't nothing to find ya starting place in the world. You just start from where you find yourself” August Wilson
I think I am finally getting out of this house tomorrow.
I'm having the same problem with Twitter! Weird.
Today: collection development schoolwork, portfolio schoolwork, library visit to pick up holds.
Warhammer Fantasy tonight @ 7pm!!! Don't miss out on some good killing!!
been a long time! Thanks for the follow :-)
I found an awesomely creative Sherlock/Addams Family crossover a while back, if you're interested..? Multi-part, too.
Take the long way home!
COLTON MARRY ME
"Decades," just a moment ago, was excellently pronounced, too.
Live fast, die old
Gloria Allred just turned the GOP race into a movie for lifetime.
Don't be a blueprint. Be an original.---- Roy Acuff
Israel should get no US Money! They are the terrorists of the Middle East , taking land , and killing!
How can u hav a future, when u holdin on to da past... Its like walkn wit to eyes closd and Ur hands glued to ur ass. Lol!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP6
baby inbox me
I Dare Those Who Say I Can't To Stand In Front Of Me & Look Me Bang In My Eye
My body is rejecting its new workout routine.. Workout Hangover again.
Help: Are there any celebs who have come out *against* gay marriage since Obama's announcement?
i have tickets for Bone Thugs -n- Harmony (2/5/11) & Theophilus London (2/6/11) at the stay tuned for info on how to win 'em
Feeling sad about potential music issues in SD? Listen to The Bad Plus, "Anthem for the Earnest." It'll make u happy. Then tune to
so what am i doing right now?? um...hanging out in miami? i guess hehhe
Winter = dry hair. Shampoo & condition every other -- not every -- day. And use a fabric-lined shower cap to prevent frizz!
STAR WARS! I'M AWKWARD! "EVERYBODY" HAS HAD THIS HAPPEN TO THEM!!
Congrats to Venus Williams, now ranked world #2, behind her little sister, Serena. hard work pays
He has a smart car. I'm jealous.
yea its making me hungry
I am trying real hard to use twitter to get peeps to me blog...its not working...can you help..grad marketing project
Congratulations on following your dream!!
OMG RT: : Nice vocabulary? I like that in a man...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I agree. I'm taken by her class/grace. I'm beginning the Katherine and her new Beau campaign..
Tomorrow night! Playing with (cd release) at the Crofoot in Pontiac MI. Going to be an amazing show
thank you!!!! Hello to you too!
Sure thing! I enjoyed the post!
RT : Q2 Very difficult to choose, too many sessions at the same moment #lrnchat <-True and I wish after that I made diff choices
r u fucking kidding me
#artsummit art and reconciliation is "possibility of tomorrow"
Congratulations to the #Vikings and your brand new stadium, too bad your team wont be very good.
Revamping website & reel too meet the greater demand...
I wonder how my friends are all doing ...havent talked to quite a few in a WHILE
only if you list me ;)
I think should have a button that lets you indicate if you've been on a (bad) date with a person, so it knows who you dont like.
you should get one of our reclining #sofas! problem = solved
You have my vote!
Agreed. I jumped from XP to 7. Windows 7 is nice, I've got to hand it to them.
I'm for it.
woohoo! What a great day!
I am ignorant about the different types of coffees. I am counting on you to educate me!
Cam showing processing of Gov. Scott Walker recall petitions was turned off five days ago. Was anyone still watching?
Waching crossing jordan on netflix
Goodmornin my loves thanking the man upstairs for waking everyone up this mornin
This is the most pathetic musical performance I have ever seen
LOL both plus a different me.
"Climate is what we expect; weather is what we get." - Mark Twain
S/O to my new follower
Wow. Spent at least 25 minutes between Deer field and Lake Mills. 10 squad cars at accident site, 3 cars obliterated. Scary stuff.
A dwarf on a giant's shoulder sees the farther of the two. <U+7D4C><U+9A13><U+4E0D><U+8DB3><U+306A><U+8005><U+3067><U+3082><U+7D4C><U+9A13><U+8C4A><U+5BCC><U+306A><U+8005><U+306E><U+52A9><U+3051><U+3092><U+501F><U+308A><U+308C><U+3070><U+6709><U+5229><U+306B><U+306A><U+308B><U+3002>
Yep. It's smooth. Red bull said what up with you.
bummer :( were they to/from work?
Sometimes the Best HELPING HAND you can Give is a Good, Firm... P U S H ~Joann Thomas
Hello. *Smiles sweetly* I'm Selena.
its Friday the 13th.
Watching the NBA celebrity All Star Game.
you think I left the store without it?! You crazy!
chillin with chaos..... were apparently good friends now. Hit me up and fill me in...
Lindstrom! Oh I can't wait to go back to my bed today ;)
greyson is following lily!!!
That's great! Ever try one of those #P90X workouts?
Finally used the massage that my girlfriend boaght me thank you babe Ioved It it was amazing
atta boy!!! I may have shed a tear just now, on the inside at least.
we poping it off at the Club Purple Rose this friday! Come party with us
You're right! I couldn't fathom it. Good luck.
yayayayay (: haha so how you doing? How many people are in his video?(:
more freedom, I'll be able to make executive decisions
Swag swag swag on you . :D
Why is showing scary pics of China's military w/ headline "China Takes on U.S. Military Might"? We're not at war with them.
time for a twitter hiatus...
Slick jealous of right now but not for long waiting for that call Lolz
it's a sign that it's time for an upgrade!!
CLEAR THE ROADS BEACHGOERS. i want my mommy home D:
I know I am going to get in trouble for not wearing my rubber bands.
Westmoreland, West Allegheny and Cranberry this week.
There are some cases in which utilitarianism is irrational, and you have live spuriously. Idfk. Goodnight
Simon Cowell -- Not Worried About Britney Melting Down
There's a gummy bear in my driveway...I don't eat gummy bears...So why the heck is there a gummy bear in my driveway????
Lighthouse Network, Inc. shining our light into 74 countries. Not bad for a ministry that was told its vision was to far fetched.
Thanks for following, Dale!
We are so excited to be included in this year's The Dirty Show in Detroit! 2012 is off to a great start!
Ok cool, that's what I thought but just wanted to double check, thanks.
Totally enveloped in John Coltrane's : Blue Train- What a Solo---
A coward gets scared and quits. A hero gets scared, but still goes on - Anonymous
All shipping refunds have been given to people who picked up their vinylpackage @ our show. Spend it on music!
hehe, waiting for my stomach to be less full so I can eat dessert :P the mixing of conflicting cultures is just hilarious today
#oomf boyfriend is ugly af .. & idont care if its "not nice" ; idont like the bitch
#np Real or Fake by Tyga
and tearin' up the airwaves on
haha well not quite peep the next post!
This weekends schedules are up! www.startsmartbasketball.com
courtney:ohh britney looks at this *hits me in the face with a ds* courtney: Op sorry ..... britney me: you just hit me in the face o_O
Just catching up on the twitterfeed. Wow. WTF Will Manley? Have you TALKED to #catalogers?!
cant help but d/l the greatest hits...R.I.P Whitney Houston
- aht home bored a'f watching Major panye
But the internet just loves lists , and people love to follow ;)
some smooth shit.
The Boy Scouts of America, Ventura County Council would like to wish you all a Happy Thanksgiving!
had a great time @ TGT last week, thanks for those who attended! Join Tony Lopacinski Support Page on facebook to help Tony KILL THE BEAST!
Awesome! Thank you!
i bet u do.... ps i miss u tail
good morning Kirk Hawkins! I can't ever just say your first name. I think I've always just called you by your full name. :)
Austin ur my idol UR SO FUNNY SWEET DOWN 2 EArth & TRULY AMAZIN ur my biggest inspiration & will always be<3please follow me x
nope, but I have eaten SO much food! omg
Spring break is upon us? Any big plans?
Wide awake........ "Maintain momentum and act accordingly!" #Hungry &
Thanks sponsor Universal Services of America!
:O you take that back!
1. Open fridge. Nothing to eat. 2. Open pantry. Nothing to eat. 3. Lower standards and repeat
Awesome day!
Let's go Huskies!!! Huskies!!! Huskies!!! Huskies!!! Huskies!!! Huskies!!! Huskies!!!
": Hi ! Follow ! If you unfollow _MS_Photography, I'll unfollow you on this account."I don't care
My duck pillow pet >>>>>>
Theres a difference between being a whore and being pretty, cause obviously you dont know the difference.
Thanks for the shout-out. Glad you're having fun with the app!
AH I love the pp tweet!
What about criminal charges for a hate crime? University discipline seems weak for racially motivated attempted assault.
Purple Wednesday tomorrow ??
#TrayvonMartin video coming soon
I give yo ass top notch advice even got a petition to leave the person but you still go back or think bout them.
song is stuck in my head
looks dont matter 2 me, its all about personality.
haha that's awesome!!
Love "Trick r Treat" best straight to DVD film ever. Saw ur from Ohio, why the choice for a Manning jersey at the festival?
Cast, I loathe you!!!
Another beautiful fall day at the farm :) Happy Friday Chicago!
Mission accomplished. ;-)
thanks, youu too (:
Well, according to Wikipedia, the sandwich originated in Nebraska or NY? I don't know...but my mom always made them for St. Patrick's Day.
!!! RT I MUST see Fred Loyas light show this year :) #WhatsGood!
Curious to know if you'll be giving up the grains when the contract ends? I'm sure you catch a lot of hell for it.
“: Question from Craigslist user re: my Kindle Fire I'm selling: "Does it have adobe flash drive?" #FacePalm” The story of Craigslist.
Had such a fun night with and ! We should do it again!
anytime Shawn! Thanks for checking it out :)
Poor trevy got his wisdom teeth pulled today :(
excuse my shirt.... proudly "wearing" a marriott charity walk event shirt xD
when your done with your ice cream, give me a buzz :)
Yes! RT : Every single day should have more Stevie Wonder.
There's a movie called "Retardead"
What are you doing tomorrow?
stop celebrating the release of #BF3 and spend some money on a bigger server network. You spent $$$$ on marketing but none on servers?
Zac Efron's Endless Summer - Just Jared Jr.
wanna know how i kno ur gay?? u like the cowboys
on24 or premier cast.... Let me show you...got a second tom?
We are of to Christians last Lacrosse practice for the 2012 season. See post later....
Don't forget, order holiday cards to send your incarcerated loved ones.
its close so far!
Gosh. I have to ask. Is NBA taking the spotlight off JC?
double high fivezzz!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Just tonight? ;) RT: Why do Chicago sports have to be so disappointing tonight
I'm fine lol I'm sorry I fell asleep on you haha
Tough to say about Trumbo (2nd half). I wasn't a big supporter this year, but he was pretty solid for most of the season.
There are so many paths to choose from...
Feeling good. Feeling groovy. Am suddenly a 70's song.
Winning poetry entries will run in the paper on Friday! So submit!
I jumped the gun with my Scannebago tweet. It wouldn't be smart to sink time & effort into my near death RV. #Scannebago 2013?
The people on this cake show has like italian accents
If this is a certain former blogger, please pass on my good wishes and fond memories. I still miss her.
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Photography News , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Valid point.
damn they put me back in i.s.s
Reflective, and a little sad. Nothing else to say really..
Imagination is more important then knowledge.
ILL book won't demagnetize. I set the alarm off every time.
I can hear alot of frogs outside omg!
Happy Birthday !!!!
that's thing bout an event surrounding a hotel room instead o an activity. I bet the community will return 4 breakfast.
HAPPY 17th BIRTHDAY 2 MY WONDERFUL, HANDSOME SON, RHETT!!!! UR MY WORLD & LOVE U VERY VERY MUCH!! THANK YOU LORD FOR BLESSING ME W/ RHETT!!
fans wants back in the main event and want to be champion again. Boring without the miz in the main storyline
three ridges :/
That shrimp is gorgeous.
check them people out before you send them yo shit.SMARTEN UP
How in the world do I change my profile pic now? I don't see an option...
Hearing Drake's "Over" every morning, is my new thing.
How long will you be there for? Dublin was ok, but Galway was better.
This is awesome. RT : I always add "Be Awesome" to my 'to-do' list... Its nice to cross something off right away.
School/: I'm nott wearinn makeup today(:
2 MINUTES. LAWD TAKE THE WHEEL
Mrs white just sprayed herself in the face with the dry erase board cleaner. I think she's taking part in the Holidays
Enjoy! I was a law student when kiddo was little, so I know being a student and a mom is TOUGH.
Every time I drive by colfax, theres always some crazy shit going on there.
so glad we hung out last night. I heard you got tat-tat-tatted up this morning. Let's see it! Are you guys staying here tonight?
what bad memory would you erase?
thx u for following. I follow u back. Welcome to twitter.
good night everybody :D love you guys all XD
excuse me, Mr. Leipsic, not Mt. Leipsic.
imy ily <333 still makin a plan. Ps like my new pic. It's what I'll look like if I meet death.
Meatloaf and mashed potatoes for dinner tonight. Since my Valentine is in Portland, the kids & I plan to rock out w Rock Band after dinner!
Is there a word for having esteem in others? Like self esteem except directed/projected outwards.
what did you get?
HAHAHAHA you too ;)
if you would have responded with "GWAR", I would have taken it back...
Perfect evening for a baseball game! Come watch the WV POWER play ball at Appalachian Power Park!
And we disagree. I was so happy to see him shipped off to Granada. Viana I've watched this season and he was brilliant
last final at 2 tomorrow, so naturally I'll be at the bar
seems like he only gets plastered when his ex-wife is in town. Guess he ain't over her yet
Happy President's Day! Absolute EyeCare will be open today until 8pm for your convenience.
You two are funny. Good luck with your server issues, no fun!
One day I want a closet as big as bedroom. Is that to much for a girl to ask?
Movie recommendation is Michael Rooker in "Slither"
About to teach this workshop at NYU on artistic concepts in the classroom...GO!
we have the website up. Is there an email address I can contact you at?
:( I'm sorry, that can't be easy.
Ok, sxsw friends! Who wants to do lunch?
#WeWantNiallDolls its unfair to have all the other boys dolls' and not Nialls! 1D ISN'T 1D WITHOUT NIALL!
RT Citation is a politics. When you cite Heidegger, for example, you're also "downloading" his network
so glad you enjoyed it! keep on rockin :)
nice 3 from ray allen to take lead against lakers. Let's go
#IfWomenDidNotExist my hands would have blisters
Omg everyone that has been receiving DMs from me its not me someone hacked I don't know whats going!
I don't think YOU should do anything while driving, except drive! ;p
Had to bury a baby bird :(
Comedy & Wing Night! $6 for a dozen wings...Comedy...FREE! $2.50 Yuengling Drafts. Comedy starts at 8pm.
Stardust from them solar flares got me feelin kooky
I just got back from a difficult visit to the bathroom, where I had no choice but to bellow, "Jean D'Arc."
Congratulations mike. How many were there
class is back in session! excited to get to work.
Hi! Trying to keep Just Trees friends and clients in closer contact. You can also use our website to contact us: www.justtrees.com Cheers!
wow....thats kind of rude, and really not true.....Holy hell what a Douche McBaggins
me too man, allergies are killin me
I think in my hubs case its just natural extension of picky eating :) High maintenance indeed!
i guess your account has been jacked up i m getting weird tweets from u
A safety net doesn't sound that good if your a tuna.
Dontcha just love pink!
Hi Christine! Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how much people LOVE your brand DM?
Thanks for following Great business insight.
Gonna work on my tracklist for this fridays set. I wanna start off mellow then end it with a bang!.
not always just media. Consumers love this and media delivers.
Went running with 13 yr old daughter's ipod today. She'd be horrified to know we share a similar taste in music.
Hah, oh right. Your Kenya post got picked up by Alyssa Milano -- who oddly enough is a big deal on Twitter
two purposes of jails are to detain offenders with short term sentences and to rehabilitate offenders.
TUESDAY S.I.N. SPECIALS! 1/2 OFF ALL TAP BEERS, $3 ROOT BEER BOMBS!
Robert Frosty the Snowman
lolz!! im doing well, workin and havin fun in between. And yes!! im totally down for bar hopping! without a shred of doubt!
Can anyone help me get some more Packers fan followers? Thx in advance
#ECET2 Harper's Lee's "To Kill a Mockingbird" getting a lot of attention.
If you have an iPhone (or know someone who does), you should try scanning with ShoeBox! Hope this helps!
Thanks Antonio!
How to network: know that u learn @ lunch as much as in sessions
One more day and we open!! www.yourfarmgirl.com
That's what I was thinking! Always looking for an excuse to go to Dim Tai Fung!
That was an amazing event. Thanks to all involved!!
i love you swaggie boy :{) You are amazing <U+2665>
yeaah its okay im sure she'll come party with us again
Christopher Hitchens is dead. Damn.
Out this world
Tivo has no idea what's on. What am I paying them for?
My friends are just crazy!
thanks4 mentioning early literacy(K-3)during nat.pressconf.But 90% of brain develops b4 K,MUST start earlier!
ME+YOU!=LOVE RT IF U HAVE A BOYFRIEND OR A GIRLFRIEND!!:)
These are two great NCAA semi final games
My job took my parking spot smh
haha yes, and its in the middle of where all the shows are. So its perfect for promoting your band, and making friends with people.
My phone isn't doing anything that even resembles working, don't bother. Tweet if you need me!
We share the same birthday, sweet. RT : Today is a very special young man's birthday! JB Brubaker! Tweet the crap outta him!
this experience has been amazing for me and so many others
"research is the #1 thing to get involved in BD at a law firm" couldnt agree more!!
smh its such a shame for a girl with age to think like a hoe
she owes him the best blow job ever........:
:: BREAKING :: President Obama makes surprise, unannounced trip to Afghanistan.
will you please grace me with your presence
#Brewers now have 4 starting position players out and 1 starting pitcher.
Hiroshima I murder shit. Japanese my yakuza chick
Omg I LOVE! I seriously just it added to my cart.
Broken bones.. That sucks.. Hope you feel better soon!
Back in the ruff buff, can't wait to see <U+E105>
Fuck! All the treadmills are taken :(
Happy Birthday wishes to , I have a special birthday treat for you...it's called a two hour workout!!!#let'sgetit
Thank you and likewise! Looking forward to hearing more from the both of you. Good luck out there!
That moment when your sneeze gets caught.
Thanks for the email regarding Azealia Banks' "212" .. pretty cool song!
- my pleasure, I've been following you from a different account for awhile and find something interesting every time I check!
all that lived in concert gomez will be kept in my head!
Body in so much pain
Had a chance to have lunch with this week. You can learn a lot from recruiters with experience.
Thanks for listening!! #FSEDM & Thanks to for playing! Till next time, see ya!
I'm busy with work . My sister been living with me though she looking at a condo on top of hip restaurant! How have you been
They babyin the heat on these fouls
I will step out of my "comfort zone" and reach toward several new beginnings! Some times it is scarey :) but I will reach anyway! GoXtreme!
off to the apple store yea!
Exactly. I've been a subscriber since they started, and it seems the redesigns happen much more often than in the '90s
Royal Censorship of Books in Eighteenth-Century France by Raymond Birn G'63 now available from
That's great. Well feel free to practice on me if you want!
having this one song on repeat...
Our Ambulatory #Infusion Center provides comprehensive, skilled nursing services for patients undergoing intravenous procedures.
nah you dont contribute to the party...you just walk around tryna look cute
Even if didn't follow me today, I still know she loves me for being a fan. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
YES! All I was thinking was 'I need a change' - didn't anticipate looking like Lloyd! Or the guy from No Country for Old Men
Work Work Workity Work. I'll get to packing one of these days, let's just hope "one of these days" comes before Thursday...
Since you're tweeting so much how about tweeting me? :D it'd sure be great!
except it is gambling. NCAA made a big deal about not doing brackets when you are a player in the past.
Same here. Somethng sort of Fell Into Place last night, so today was better. Must continue to focus on Falling Into Place. :)
Birthday weekend. I'm so excited to sleep in and drink coffee and spend time with my animals (that include the boyfriend).
Twitter Virgin James DuMont wants you to follow him. Deflower me BK, you can tell Leanne.
with or without a girlfriend, it's already what you talk about all the time
When tweets Again I'm going to run in a circle.
Terrell Pryor to the NFL!Oakland raiders.
#afropolitan happening tonight. 3 #federator crew in the house tonight for album release party.
hey sis!!! Thank you with your sanging self! God bless!
House of Grey is 1741 in the #free Kindle Store 28 in love and Romance and 39 in Science Fiction/Fantasy we can do better than that!
If you want an upbeat, happy-go-lucky start to ur day, log on to fb on a Friday. No other day, JUST Friday! ..... TADA!
You were nothing to me.
yes, well we found it now. Jason says hello.
Can I ~Cumova
right there with ya!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 350
Greek Islands Restaurant: Tuesday, Indianapolis => Two for $40 (appetizer, soup or salad, combination platter, dessert and coffee)
fuck this shit im going to sleep, sorry austin im tired. #happybirthday bby
Way "over-thinking" things.. Damn!
hell no, her conversation might end up ruining her purpose.....which is a nut
Nom Nom! RT The Rotunda (711 W 40th St) today and every Friday in October! Plenty of shops, parking space and delicious burgers!
its more than that shaw!!!!
Nights like those.
I'm Watching #JeepersCreepers2 And I'm Scared AF! :/
just in case you didnt know... is killing it at woodward tonight...
anytime...I'm bout to shower and Charles n Wil are down in the kitchen cooking and doing the dishes. Things are over here too :)
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 24
It's nice when your friends take the opportunity of a visit to put you to work doing man-type chores. At least she pays in beer.
Oh, I know just how to do it right, baby. *salacious grin*
Now I am! Thanks for the rec :)
The Detroit Journal <U+2764>'s the
Mom:"Why is he following me? I don't like people following me." Me: "Then you probably shouldn't be on Twitter..." LOL
Responded to FIRE @ 3530 Kingsland Avenue, Bronx, NY 10469 and helped 4 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
is at 744 Broad St., 26th floor, #Newark #NJ 07102
here they go again rewriting history
You're welcome! Hope you're well!
she was there but she had no part of it lol
Featuring win #BELIEVER on
Keep your eyes open, you'll like what you see
Fuccckk yeah! (; ": I honestly think 50 cent is haaaaawt."
Please do people !
Mets Sweep Away Reyes and Miami Rookie Kirk Nieuwenhuis ended the game with a clutch walk-off hit.
#artpolitics borrowed notion of "martial arts" from capoeira - art and opposition
I was going 2complain abt the guy who has been sitting across from me on train every day 4the last month, but I guess I shld be flattered...
Hi, Eric. Can I get your email so I can send you an IP question? DM me, please.
Yeah, if I wasn't in an industry where appearance means everything I'd def. go big. Where are you going to get it?
Now on Amazon MP3, because why not.
higher draft pick.
hey it's Derek Gisriel, I'm running TXCV for my boss...thanks for following & we need to hang out!
Romney very eloquently defends religious conscience and liberty citing Hosana-Tabor case decided by #SCOTUS. Nicely done
Good Morning <U+E056>
Today is the final day to catch April exhibition Signing the Ocean at Gallery 114! The gallery opens at noon.
I hate having to give you the same information more than once
Thanks for the follow!
Just got my new office set up at Thinkpad, dock, two 23" in screens and THE RAGING SOUND OF HOW AWESOME I AM
Has a player ever won a National Championship at two different schools??
it's the same in ohio! it's 60 here , craziness right? (: ahaha
We have two tickets from people who have had a change of plans. Who wants one?
I'll be praying for you Joe Pa
Jon Ippolito: scripts are adaptable - projects that are scripted rather than fixed can, e.g., adapt to screen size
I like your twitter pic
Um just hit a bird with his car while driving....what are the odds of that?
You can't appreciate electricity 'til you've overnighted in an old, strange, creeky building and used its pressroom john by flashlight.
I might dress conservative but my thought process is mostly democrat. Don't get it twisted darlin.. ;)
Putting away your phone and paying attention to those talking to you? There's an app for that. It's called R-E-S-P-E-C-T!!!
“ "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up" - Thomas Edison”
Woke up at 930 thinking it was 11. Loved the surprise. Plus had some great dreams last night.
Fox will not confirm that Britney Spears and Demi Lovato is joining The X Factor.
That's why fuckin idiot analysts don't know shit about us. They don't watch our games then are surprised when we win!
I will check that out :) super stocked!!!!!!
Thanks for the #FF, Brian!
Dear Luna, is #4 on the top charts today and currently the #1 top downloaded Pop artist! Listen to their exclusive EP stream
Dec 20...Time to KILL The Sith Empire!
Kitchen tip: if you ever cut your figure tip off in the kitchen soak it in honey and it will grow back
Tell us more... RT : Kyrie Irving is the first Cavalier to win Rookie of the Year since LeBron James.
HEALTH: Make leisure time active - garden, walk, ride a bike with family and friends etc.
I think my body is trying to tell me something, like eat more vegetables you fatty food and sweets loving bastard!
Where is Max Kellerman??
good! Tell everyone I say hi!!
Chuck D: The invitation to work with the Smithsonian was a chance to keep hip-hop breathing and living.
Ayy I'm up in this thing, turn up
All my love is for you <3
No! Please no!
by printed word, do u mean on paper? Does a textbook online or as a PDF count as printed? Just clarifying, we're a 1:1 district.
Cleaning up after a tenant left happy freakin week end.Someone borrowed some tools that didn't return them .need coffee .GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Ugh this freaks me out. One block from my apartment. So much crime lately.
the sun is makin me very happy today!
awww how sweet n cute. :-)
The Elephant Man, Friday the 13th, Dressed to Kill, Stir Crazy, Cruising, 9 to 5, Coal Miners Daughter. Thats a pretty good year in movies
Love is slot like a spork, neither of which exist after high school.
Anyone have any luck unlocking the resurrected "Hangover" badge?
So it is confirmed. You have nothing. Typical liberal and typical golf "writer." Two of life's lowest forms.
"The highest risk kids are also the most tender hearted, but often resort to the most aggressive survival skills." Dr. Purvis
the world is my spitoon
Worst feeling in the world is not being needed anymore.
wow. That was a long time ago. So funny. I want to see that video.
so u covered yo middle name
Taco bell >>
On my way to Indy for the game! Let's go
Thanks for the RT Me too :)
Its time 4 another SUNDAY FUNDAY w/ DISH! Its Drag Brunch w/ Erica Andrews & Jenni P! Come enjoy great food & amazing performances!! RSVP!
I work in real estate full time, but love entreneurship, travel, fun stuff
Happy Spring everyone!
got one for the summer on 33rd in Sea Isle
been studying all week, i'm calling a 4-0 NFL weekend
Hm time to name my Nu 3D tile.... Should I play it safe or should I push it???
What 1887 act dissolved tribes as legal entities & allowed for sale of reservation land to whites in an attempt to solve the #IndianProblem?
dude... I got some bad news..
Before I was married, I had a hundred theories about raising children and no children. Now, I have three children and no theories.
Just got choked up over a hannah montana episode! That's it- no more chocolate u know when!! Lol
What will you do if the nuclear winter comes? - go to snowball. - NUCLEAR! - Tentacles!
About a third of all Americans flush the toilet while they're still sitting on it.
RT : RT : Food stamps: every $1 spent as a food stamp creates $1.80 in economic stimulation.
Oh and happy mothers day to all the mamas :)
We are apart of STA Travel discounts. 10% off. Check them out and get their card!
hey thanks bruh-nick
Assembly Member Block is critical of actions taken against student protestors & inquiring about administrative change 2B taken in the future
What was year #Tribe was down 14-2 to M's before coming back to win 15-14? Déjà vu?
She so cute!
that makes me think of "mss fnd in a lbry"
At the shop waiting on t-wezzy smh this is gonna be a long day....... anyway my bday tomorrow leggo twitches!
Any to go for round 2 of P90X. I must have a death wish.
AWESOME-- well deserved! I'm proud of you my friend! Glad revisions were helpful. :)
haha how light? Don't die it blonde or orange! U should get an afro! Haha
UW softball team not one of the 64 teams called out in last night's NCAA Tournament selection show
If I could get 1000 followers I'll drop out of school cause "I made it"
#NoOffenseBut You are already offended.
I mustache you a question, can eyebrows your internet?
follow back
Nd it's gonna be hot tomorrow That suks even more huh
#AlamoBowl tonight! Who are you rooting for? or ? will root for UW & for BU...she's a :D
With my family. :-)
Having a BLAST playing Mission:Admission. Stay tuned for March launch
You're missing out!
I bet 's mentions are filled with spam. No wonder why he can barely see some of our tweets :/
Thanks Dave! MT If you care about biking, sustainability, and all things pure and good, follow the new account!
From History Ch.--Texas begged to be in union because it was drowning in debt. Houston only major city without any zoning laws.
They call it the saxophone because the first one was actually made out of a phone.
but for some reason I want chipotle
Thanks. It`s The Lizard King`s Miami mug shot - epic.
Thank Goodness It's Monday! So far this week I have not messed up!
RIP Adam Yauch
You were saying?
anyone looking for guest bloggers?
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! if I can live through that, I can live through anything.
It's always fun listening to someone's lie when you already know the truth.
new song everyone follow my movement, i need feedback ladies this song right here is for you Myspace.com/legyndmuzik
just make sure you brush your teeth today
aww, thanks boo! <3 and you never texted me back :/
rally is not pulling back ... going back to 14k?
Norfolk State and VCU
“: Congratulations to my brother for making Police Sergeant!”CONGRATULATIONS!!!
#AMLO movement: End the war on drugs, refurbished public schools, cut the salaries of public servers 50%, renegotiate NAFTA, etc
We will see and my bias for EXO changed ... And I think many are cute.
Algebra 1 is freakin torture NEVER in my life will I love this subject...now English I can do
no I don't do it as good as u mother! Haha!!
Remember, you are the most #precious creation #God has ever made. You're
RT - Words can't describe the hate I have for the Cleveland Indians starters in recent weeks! FUCK!
Drive thru at Burger King
Celebrating Loretta Setter's retirement from board of Ed Brown Senior Ctr. Happy we were able 2 work together 2 save the Ctr
The elevator in the iSchool at UW is broken. I know, you don't care. But I don't either & I still have to get emails about it.
I'm from Jacksonville. For better or worse, she's the same one that charged a 12 yr old with 1st degree murder.
I was looking into making a shirt for the Indiana game and I was just curious. Do you make them?
Vampire Diaries made me cry tonight! Awesome show!
So long #Google+ You are never going to be as fun or as easy as
Hamburger time! #nomnom free food truck
yay! Even though I have no idea what that is Looool
What #foodrules do you have for your kids? 1 rule: no eating in front of the tv. (& yes, it's hard to follow myself)
proud of ya mane. Keep it up
#Interbrand, my new favorite company! Great #marketing and #brandimage content with interactive graphics
Invited to a French-only party here in Lafayette. My French is beyond rusty, but I will try to make a good showing, given my heritage.
Prepping for 1/9 show: Padlrom Collins, former Buddhist nun now helps couples rebuild trust & intimacy following sexual addiction.
I just love them long phone calls with my baby
working on branding for a new clothing line, one of our favorite things to do and do well.
If anyone is talented (musically) and you have material, send it to us. If we go out of our way to find you, you're special.
Her confidence is tragic, but her intuition's magic
Maybe one day ill understand
Halloween costume crafting is my passion. Working on a super amazing costume for this year!
so the bike I planned on buying got sold by the owner's sister (ergh) so I'm back to (craigslist) shopping. any tips? I wanna move fast!
Interviewing experts on hospital/physician alignment strategies = reducing costs of high price items that don't impact quality of care.
Aaron Craft making a splash in OSU v Mich game Ohio leads by 7 with 4 left in game
aw yes!!!!! My adorable guys!!!! Love you!
I can't tell you what's on my mind really, but i can tell you one thing though.: We Must Learn.
Not to get off the topic of madonna but did you seriously date that guy who is the bachelor ben now?
much love
I know, I'm pumped
The man who has no imagination has no wings. - Muhammad Ali
Things are slowly changing, especially with older Gen Y-ers climbing up the corporate ladder quickly. Be optimistic :)
gurls tha tlk to much on cam like stop tlking take ur clothes off c;
Ain't nothing wrong with a little inner office fling, as long as we both know when shit hits the fan, I'm not saving your job!
Hard to be that accurate when you pee and brush your teeth at the same time.
good looking out! We are right outside of Hole In The Wall. Come visit us and we will take care of you and your followers!
Hard to believe Getty images doesn't have an iPhone app!
i almost have the rap in #boyfriend memorized
Not ONE student I have can understand the prob w marriage equality. Most DO have a prob w/ doubling interest rates & finding jobs.
I love that song!
Under The Sea Hawaii joins the Hawaii Tourism Association
Registered Process Server in Sacramento,CA to serve your legal documents. 916-509-0677
think of it as hang out time.
Glad your having fun! Please follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Barrera: There are changes, however. Invested in redeveloping our classrooms to get technology our kids need.
All my phone screens are either me with Austin or just Austin. :] <3
shot u a text to see when u wanted to meet up
S/O Real Niggaz
Checking out Smalls Jazz webcast of with Xavier Davis, Curtis Lundy & Ulysses Owens Jr.
To acquire true self power you have to feel beneath no one, be immune to criticism and be fearless.
I'm trying to get to 11K tweets!
*biting tongue*
nothing to do but keep it real and proud of who you are
I been thinkin about him why?Its weird i guess I missed him o.O But being friends is good. :)
A state of emergency has been created by hosts of militant non-thinkers. And humans have become an endangered species.
I am enjoying what will likely be the only day I'll have more followers than you...
Walking into victoria secret to try on bras in cheer clothes <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Hoping the inquiries translate to sales. And I'm not talking about denim. :-).
Gotta admit, sideburns.php would make an ace blog name for WP tuts.
Wow - I like Adam. He is interesting and the range on his voice is great! A standing ovation from Smokey!
I have not been in any case, only seating in the JUROR'S LOUNGE, waiting to be called. What do you then? Tweet.
I share the espresso machine dream, prolly cheaper to just pay the baristas---
I have become a bit obsessed with the chocolate croissants at but will have to try the bread next!
riding a wind trainer on a beautiful day sucks!!!
Goddamn you sexy!
my big sister is back in town.............now i wish her azz would just leave.....anit that sum shizz
Please give my colleague a lesson on so he can bring back some info to me. Thx.
Saving old refrigerator to keep in the garage as a second ref. is actually not energy efficient if the ref is more than 5 to 10 yrs old
Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than the belief she is beautiful. ~~Sophia Loren #breastCancer (via: )
why only $20? Let's up the bet and make it $640 millions ;)
yesterday by atmosphere.. that is my song.
Who watched #madmen instead of doing homework?
Have a great evening and Congratulations!
That's funny, it doesnt matter that youre 14 when you're trying SOO hard to get with guys who are "like 20".
Having grown up in New Orleans & married to a San Fran native, Saturdays playoff game will be.. interesting
#Mississippi street fest! Oh, and more writing about rare book collections in research libraries! I'd like to finish it!
and it's been awhile Since I've gone & fucked things up just like I always do it's been awhile But all that shit seems to disappear
I'm currently standing by my box spring and mattress on the side of the road. It's 2:30 in the morning. Moving sure is an adventure.
Help me understand why XTina eliminated Jesse. Peaked too early? Unwilling to "leave comfort zone"? So confused!
Thanks for a great meal this evening!
jbieb's new song boyfriend makes me uncomfortable. is it just me?
But I never made it home that night.
Seems legit
Doing some reconfiguring of my sites this AM.
Watched your show for the first time this morning great show! So hungry
Typically, seeking approval from the board means an offer as been been informally extended or is on the verge of being extended
Watching Monty Python's The Meaning of Life... irreverent and subversive humor, wacky guys, gimme more!
Slow progress on education keeps grant at 'high risk' - Chicago Tribune
"i'll only date you if you stop obsessing over the ICONic boyz" HAHAH OMFG NOPE SORRY BITCH.. BOYZ >>> BOYS
your just funny looking
Feeling better
gurl, give me some drugs! lol :P
we'll let the recording be the judge on the that... haha. Always fun! I'll pull some more stuff out to play soon.
I was filming a comercial for Ford while at JWT in Bodega California and the helicopter crashed.
Does my girlfriend like to catch? YEAH! CATCH IT IN THE ASS!
Thanks for the follow!
Once more, swinging by the Taste of Chicago today. Glutton for punishment? Why yes, thank you for asking.
I'm sure if she ate only 2 ounces of whole grain Cheerios a day, she's lose weight. But who does that? Bacon! Steak! Eat up!
you're* & yes I live here.
an EP coming out by fall. For you love x
I love moonshine
5 Ways To Prevent Nightmares With Your Indianapolis Plumbing
It's good to see an editor sticking up for his reporter.
What's shocking is the President's decision to announce his position during the 2012 campaign.
Totally do it and I'll do it and then I'll mix it together and it will be magical :)
Someone once said "A mind is a terrible thing to waste" In my case it's "My mind is a terrifying thing to have".
Rain, Rain and more Rain.... but not in our game room!
Also got introduced to another great artist Rachel Fine , looking forward to seeing more of her work!
Yes! You did a great job!
Entering into my late twenties tomorrow. Wonder what 26 will look like on me?
We don't have the rights...sorry
Ah, gotcha. Thanks for the kind words!
We recorded a good luck message from to the on Saturday. He said he loves that "Weenged Wheel. It is awesome!"
I really don't understand all the fuss about the white iPhone. It's an iPhone, and it's white.THE END.
First weekend of MBA Opening Residency concludes with a 1:30pm discussion with Anderson McNeill of Luck Companies; Q&A on strategy/branding
Program Two plays today and Sunday at 1pm at Camera 3, tickets are $8 and includes 13 incredible short films!
ok... gotcha!
yeah, we're a little shaky right now. It's all about the GPS.
I should have! It only ended about 20 minutes after I went to bed. Dunno if I can stay up for Blues/Kings 3OTs till like 4am tho
hahaha nice. Had tennis in the spring 7th period. Turned in to senior our after the season!
Getting a new job... Starting NOW. Ah
RT ": It's staggering how few photos of "minimalist workspaces" include a person who's working REALLY fucking hard."
Thrilled to be a guest of a dancer at the SF Ballet performance tonight. Christopher Wheeldon's choreography blows me away. Thanks Rebecca!!
It would mean the world if you dm'ed me im so sad and In tears:'( pleasr answerr
Turns out, if you have no plans to kill a hooker, there is only so much you can do with a pineapple.
don't you hate that feeling when you have to see your best friend, best friend that dated you ex boyfriend
If you're planning on getting tickets from me Monday, let me know so I can put you on the list!
People gonna have the MEGA Munchies tomorrow...I'm hidin my snacks
fuck its hard to get up today
i hear you i'm on the same thing for real.. tired of school
check the time. everyone is also assigned a time.
Favoriting to check out later.
I can't wait to get back home, to pass the time in my room alone
ta ta ta taaaaaaaay
Please follow for further updates, am closing this account up for now -- thanks for following!
I wanna see some sharkiesss
#HSFB Stat of the Day: We all know that De La Salle (CA) owns the longest win streak, which HS has had the most undefeated teams?
Did Justin Say That?!:O
Thanks! RT #IfIWonTheLottoIWould give to ! Also, ! Makes me miss Young Gweezy just thinking about!
Always try to weigh yourself at the same time every day. This will reduce many reasons you might get inaccurate scale readings!
My mom goes "Hey Kels, have you read 50 shades of Grey?" When I say not yet she goes "Well I jut bought it." Oh my. Here we go.
Hey, I heard you were a wild one. ;)
It's Wednesday.... Fried Chicken time!!!!
Daneyko, get the fuck off my TV. Devils go get your own network you fucks.
Big year for football. Basketball? Not so much.
Thank you :*
Well, any friend of is a crazy friend of mine. Welcome to the twitterverse.
After spending hours doing research 4 logo designs, I am well overdue 4 food!
Jessa: "Is that how the book ends?" Casey: "I don't really know Dickens. I just know Bleak House & Great Gatsby..." Jessa: "Oh?"
Thanks! I agree!
Now offeing Jimmy coco designer airbrush tans...
Fabulous sessions yesterday from: ...
actually someone did make it up..<You could not make this up--killer coal gets touchy feely:>
Fire alarm went off. All clear, everyone returning. Nothing to see here.
yes sir, now I ain't saying she a
"Earthquake"? Now if Bama fans used the contraction "you're" correctly, that'd be an earthquake.
you wanna meet him tomorrow
hungry much?
I hope it doesn't somehow get out that follows , , and …
today is my friday. yay! looking forward to the long weekend and a milestone birthday on sunday.
hey, another 3 and out, who'd a thunk it
Would a police-free campus be a good thing?
#Matthews is gonna' have to find a new spot cause the #Nugs are gonna' be on to him.
Ewwwww. lol Hm...maybe they see it as flying the friendly skies? :)
Canon is best because cartridges and inks are more readily available.
It's true-No FamJams for Summer BUT we'll have FamJams-Type event in November to open RiverRink-I'll keep u posted!
I like him to the point where its not even funny anymore...<U+2665>
“: #NF 'cause she's super cute. <3”<U+E230><U+E230>same reason why I
Morning run on Orange Line bike path. Nothing like the aroma of trees in bloom, perfume, graffiti control, and bus fumes to get you going.
1a. Brethren, if a man be overtaken in a fault, ye which are spiritual, restore such a one in the spirit of meekness. Gal. 6:1a
They need to replay that shit! Well i'm sure it'll be on Worldstar in a couple hours..
Random News: Kareena Kapoor hurt during an action scene of Agent Vinod
Since your pets don't read-we provide tweets that are Pet Tips Online
THE DENTAL WORK IN PHILLY... OMG
The pageant coordinators probably are afraid that the transwoman would win the damn competition! Transwomen rock!
Thanks Lisa! Have a great weekend!
check for car hail damage. Lost power here for three hours all else good.
Not in the mood to have people over
Are you comfortable taking risks in your org? What would encourage you? Could you do it indepedently, or would you need help?
Hi Ariel! Just curious if theres a recording up of the conference from last night. Thanks!
Sick right now. I can't pre order, not doing no work at work and again I can't pre order.
Should sign up for school soon... Hm
what did you think of the stadium?
im going greg little
Social manipulation tip: If you're going to cut in line, edge your way in and just stand there a minute.
Thank you!
not thinking the things I have 2 do are so pressing that I cant slow down enough to listen & wait on Gods will on all things
haha sonic the hedgehog wouldn't approve
Night Night <U+E011>
Fina work and write songs all night #Grinding !
LATE DINNER AGAIN!! DELICIOUS HOME MADE HAMBURGERS WITH GARLIC FRIES...
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth. - Erma Bombeck
“: appreciate it home”No prob. I give credit where it's due bro!
Is this thing on?
Just got back from filming downtown. So many leprechauns.
SURG Restaurant Group is still collecting money for Officer Vrtochnick's Family. Checks can made to TYMPD Funder & dropped off at any venue.
Feeling some type of way so boutta watch The Lion King. Yea, it's like that.
you know kids ... they bounce back fast!!
HUGE PASS BY
Michale Cera movie marathon<3 Scott pilgrim vs the world and then nick + noras infinite play list
and BTW twitter is the new facebook.
Happy Hour tonight at 5 PM ! Pretty excited to check out the new pub. You'll be there, right?
I always feel like I'm in trouble
great find!
lol no doubt especially with all the followers u have. Ps there are some funny folks using the favstar
Sorry, everyone. We are sold out of the free hugs. Would you like fries with that? Haha. What fun! -Tony
what's your guilty pleasure song?
following, sorry i took a long time (:
RT : We're off to to celebrate moms to be! If you're attending be sure to stop by and say hello!
When asked how he did it so fast?(Josh Bazell) luck..found a good agent. 1st Agent did not want him, second found him. What a find.
the Orleans Arena for the Desert Autogroup Used Car Supersale, when you get there ask for the Desert BMW stores for help. Don't miss out!
I dis wear my pea coat tonight!!! (I'm in DC )
Got my 10 year award from RN today. I can't believe it's been so long...
Who are you, me? RT never thought I'd ever say this...I'm on my way to a sports bar to watch the Knicks/Kings game.
Education is all a matter of building bridges
Zuckerberg vs. Assange: I guess it depends on whose data you release?
thanks super Toby!:)
God will create circumstance in your life so that what is in you can be seen by the people that you are assigned to help.
NYC! I am coming to see ya Jan 28-Feb 2. Any culturals need an Eval Capacity Bldg workshop while I'm there? (Or just a drink?)
Nick Baron was selected by Tampa Bay at
My lunch today is vile. Disappointing and sad (and hungry)!
There will be three large events and two intense distributed campaigns. Do you believe in libraries?
I have a question why is a bunny giving out egga
No snow in La Cienega... but 6 inches in some areas of Santa Fe!
#Its2012 And More Of Yall Lil Ass Girl Getting PREGNANT.At first it was 16 now my niggas be 14 & Pregnant!
red is always classic
#Prayers for Robin Gibb.
can't wait for the Mariah Carey concert tomorrow night at the DAR.
Please remember we will be closed on Monday am.
check out the website... many local businesses are participating! www.worldchampionfans.com
i followed her
it's actually a mixture of eating and reading/replying to emails :P
Another amazing Monday lunch from !
Why thank you ! Speaking of - alumni weekend Sept 30 - Oct 2, I'm thinking road trip! U in?
everything you love fucking dies.
Depends on if you're looking for craft beer available in Mn or just from MN available in other states.
no never heard of it
I am terrified of thunderstorms. No wind please. It scares me. Just rain.
Just let u kwn I aite no dam fool. Kmsl Motherfuckers this slow no boo
Working on some new Twitter backgrounds for clients :)
Just started The Name of the Star by … if it's anything like what claims, I'm prepared for sleepless nights.
so we are considering moving to #thebay instead of #LA :)
My friend thinks I'm weird for loving tea. She says I'm quirky... and apparently wearing glasses is a quirky quality, I'm the werid one?
lol u wasn't saying that when u was eating that chicken boo boo LMAO
I'm in love with a company...
If Google is making too many changes for you lately, check out or Both are great #searchengine alternatives.
Sleep? I vaguely remember it.
Something is going on....
Thanks for the follow! Cheers!
I'm still in recovery mode , and I'm definitely feeling better than yesterday so #TwoThumbsUp !
What a boss! // RT Was up to 6am working last night; when you work with awesome people & a phenomenal company, you don't mind!
Close game by far
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT I LOVE YOU!!!!
In the house bout to drink a few cold ones.
it's tough trying to be a change agent
Q said it's because I look too niggerish with my curls!! Lol
My good friend and Monet share the same birthday. Happy birthday to my two favorite artists!
My life would be made if followed me... Never gonna.happen),:
over diagnosed or misdiagnosed? Something to think about ;)
Thanks for revisiting #DixieLullaby with my class today. You rock.
We will be tweeting every fifth application.
discussing regulation of mobile apps. Will FDA regulate apps, EHRs, mobile health space? Seems to be moving there.
Source? RT : KGW's Michael Berk reports Chip Kelly is working to finalize a deal to make him head coach of the Tampa Bay Bucs.
A heart is like a puzzle...once it breaks its hard to put the pices back together:))
": I have to pee every 2 hours because of my fast metabolism. #firstworldpains" THAT'S WHY, GUYS
haha like lietterely : I'm Like nigga go read or do something productive hahahahaha just kidding but no that's to much tweets hahaha
Thanks. Really enjoy reading your blog (Leaf Warbler), btw.
#threewordstoliveby life is short.
Thanks, will take you up on that.very cool
I know that, but I didnt take that the wrong way. I just got back from Manhattan and pretty tired of walking :(
i like the word mangina. (x
My thoughts and prayers are with the entire Pinkel family.
Good looking ppl ! #Ladies and Gents!
I just passed Dick Clark!
You could have been rich!
Lmbo......where the heck is that?
gotta go to Buffalo!! Anchor Bar downtown!
All life is games
,I am doing lot better now, thanks,stay Blessed
Looks like it's gonna rain 'til tonight. Might as well stay at home and sleep then wake up and eat. Rest day today!
Making up a whole story in your head, Hoping one day it will happen :)
On the 8th day of Christmas my true love sent to me, 8 decades of giving! We've been PROUD to be apart of downtown #Milwaukee for 85 years!
Ha, that'd be awesome!
if I had any super power it would be to be able to always be with you <3
Judging by the rate in which he's signing artist Ye must need some tax write offs! LOL!!
Sounds like you found a solidly true statement about art. Perhaps not complete...
No doubt other parents think I'm rude too.
Promoting my books takes more time than writing them. I need elastic days. Or a good FREE PR person. I can wish, can't I? www.lindaswift.net
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
It's bout day, aka Xmas day at my house. No matter how I try there's no sleeping in.
I used to!
Modified acronym for SCOAP Sustainably Create Once Publish Everyehere
"Hey. we've created this great way to make local content available worldwide. Let's artificially hobble it just for laughs!"
Bummer. How's the internship going?
Happy St Patrick's Day! Cheer on the Badgers & Marquette with us. Outdoor seating open.
I'd rather jump on my mattress in my underwear listening to the Commodores
A great place to follow given your autism advocacy is
Good luck to all the students!
Slob on my nob.
is such a hipster. And she just KILLED it on stage.
What can we expect on #Believe ?
Oh I'm sure I will LOVE it, the cast itself is fantastic! Do u have a firm date of release? And how 'bout that interview? ;-)
RT Is there an eating disorder that entails only wanting to eat tacos for every meal of the day? I have that.
did just say "Spencer Hawes with a suntan"? is a national treasure
The Science Museum of MN Pirate Exhibit looks so cool! Check it out now on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS now.
I don't understand anything and I never pay attention and I miraculously have a B... Yes (y)
me too buddy. Sorry bout ur driver. Duct tape. Animal reached a new level on back 9. Jeans and Tee.
yeah...it just won't be the same :(
This is also a test.
Favorite ads of the superbowl? Car commercials went all out as expected, dogs had a big presence, and Madonna is relevant again
Tuesday is upon us once again. They are closing lots of main buildings here in Chacago on Saturday. NATO protesting weekend.
A movie is being filmed on campus. The extras playing undergrads are all much better looking & more properly dressed than real students.
I hadn't noticed til you mentioned it. I've only been looking at that background of moving gears. =)
i know you were....and thank you! :)
Hope everyone has a great morning. :)
Brah!! Detroit loves
“: There is no cure for curiosity. ~Dorothy Parker” <-- WHO would want a cure?!
My son has seen the Pack in Cleveland, New York, New England, Minnesota, Atlanta (I think), maybe more.
It was a pretty surreal experience!
Seeking a hands-on Technical Program Manager in OC. Have managed technical projects from start to finish. Must have a development backgro…
:) Very glad to hear!! We hope you had a great night :)
My resume will now read : Fucking creep, idiot, asshole, dick, and pathetic. Not my words. Someone elses.
RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE RESONATE!
did u like it?
I like you even more now.
Baby Sage just won the parent lottery with and Lindsey. Congrats!!!!!
WHO IS WINNING BIISHHHH!?!?!
All done w/ the shoot for Champs!
) Do you find playing piano enjoyable?
At the #StripOscarparty in St. w/ a few celebrities! --> Shout out to & looking good!
I am shocked. Another horrendous mistake by Verizon. My $120 plan somehow earned a bill for $370. It's almost funny how bad this has been.
And, apparently, breaking the CFO's arm doesn't constitute as assault.
Buyers are continuing to be active in the area. It shows up in a great turnout at Sunday Open House attendance. Who do you know that I can …
Teacher: Now I want you to fold your paper lengthwise. Me: Don't confuse me, Hamburger or Hotdog?
transparency issues in Illustrator augh!
Thanks SO much! ": Just have seen your cover of cherry bomb and rebel rebel! Wow girls, you are amazing!"
Nigga, Frankie > you. Sit your ass down Angel.
exciting week full of auditions, learning sides in french, a photoshoot..oh and the boyfriend comes back today!!!! :D
Stand still on 70, definitely didn't miss this.
Ashyness is my pet peeve !
Chumble: We have a hard time with the numbers, sometimes we see $8, sometimes $13, sometimes $20. What does it really mean? Break it down.
Makes me sick looking at that hit on Hossa! How is that not a penalty!!
I need to go to bath and body works, I've lost all of my mini bottles.
Drinking Edmund Fitzgerald at legume in Oakland.Such a phenomenal porter.I remember why it was one of my first go to crafts
Q4 There are some committees that I dropped, because I wanted to be an active part of a committee.
Cool down with us in Little Italy tonight. We've got Tres Leches with Apricot Pineapple Ice Cream!
Secret Circle was cancelled and I think I'm okay with that. You should start watching #TVD now. ;)
yeah. I think southwest has me on a "make sure you piss her off list." They won't get me down! I am ready for another fun day
let's try this again...
hey, you wanna collab?
re:privacy/scary site. Is this for reals?!
Don't feel bad, punk! I have one named Arrogant Ass and one named Whore.
This episode is pissing me off so bad.
You gotta admit hotel breakfast is pretty bad most of the time. Still, a better breakfast option than BK would be great.
Y do u tweet so shrt.hhahaha
Jealous. No I don't get jealous. I just find sumone new. Obviously it wasn't what u though about me.
Big day for me, all piled up and all done, now i can relax and watch all the Pats hype. Bring it home!
MLIS Semester 3: Beginning Cataloging and Classification, Literacy and Learning and Organizational Management. Week two and still afloat...
Yeah if you only do the shotz ": Y'all think if I take like 6 shots & drink a full cup it'll be out my system before 10:45 lol"
Jershey Shore on today !! :D
Rub his nose in it.
lol thank you
you are amazing for wanting to take a relationship seriously your not old fashioned!
Let me just keep it real and say I'm lonely.. It would be nice to have someone to talk to on this rainy night.. text, kik:ceceg or DM
If Court upholds SB 1070, it will jeopardize the rights of immigrants in Arizona..
I feel like paintballing Saturday
Follow me on instagram!! iluvtaylorl17 and I follow back:)
just finished a great workout with ffc in central park. ;)
"I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying." - Michael Jordan.
Follow - hybrid sci-fi/doc based on alignments between theoretical physics, UFO sightings, and Native American Origin stories
I would wait on this balcony all night to see my neighbors' porch collapse from the combined weight of so many underage virgins.
What is wrong with Carl Crawford?
Pretty happy with Volquez's decision to cut those shit locks off.
Check us out at the WFYI Ice Miller Indy #Wine Fest this Friday night in #Indy and the Expo for Women in South Bend Friday & Saturday!
based on my very unscientific study I'd say yes, but would know for sure.
lil wayen the best rapper alive
My planning book is a word doc ...but looking for a better method. Any ideas?
that your new nickname?! Or are you just saying things to make me hungrier?
I appreciate the idea of compostable cutlery, but a fork which can't pierce a tomato is not a fork
Yea Baby! RT : Ps it's all really sinking in...super bowl baby! Holy crap!
You never feel alive until you are risking your life...
Got a jar of Honey Hill Farms (bremerton) Honey as a gift. Just enjoyed a spoonful. So Good! #yum #nomnom #goodeats Now Lookin for recipes
First day of work. I'm nervous!
Too many people spend too much time at jobs they hate so that they can buy things that they don't need.
Off to work ! Somebody please wish me luck.
My new skin care obsession: Arcona
Just a note... Should Brooks Conrad happen to do something good tonight I DO NOT WANT TO SEE ANY GLOATING RICHARD JUSTICE RETWEETS!!!
lemme get it
What?...How long has this been going on?
sucking romo's dick as usual
Simon Cowell is a Hater of Marcus Canty, Marcus is the best singer Simon this is not England this is the Usa u got my vote
I'm not ready for kids right now, but his DNA appears phenomenal :D : LMAO!!!! Wow. That is serious."
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>gets real when your feelings are involved
Klusoz gon be blazing tonight baby!! We get it in!!!
Going to sleep early to not fuckin deal with my mom!>:/ Its always my fault well goodnite people!
58% of a city's success is related to talent - as close as you can get to a silver bullet.
I apologize for the previous tweet. That was an inappropriate variant spelling of "booty"
Why do I kill myself working every Saturday... oh ya I have #asixteenyearoldgirl #worthit!!!
I wish i would have tried out for an extra in public enemies when i had the chance when they filmed in crown point! In 2009
thanks for the shout out! Glad u like out tees!!!
Thanks so much! Glad you enjoyed it!
It takes no longer to close a VA Mortgage than a Conventional loan
Black Ice this morning... why's everything gotta be a race issue?
who did?
She did great. I want to follow her.
The only difference between a winner and a loser, is a winner plays until he WINS
NUMBER TWO: #DontGo in Mifflin resident's backyards unless you were explicitly INVITED, you would be trespassing
Is this true? RT : Santorum asks crowd to say a prayer for his wife Karen who is doing an interview tonight.
I'm working out alone. I need my work out buddy!
I <U+274C>LOVE<U+274C> you I <U+2B55>hope somone eats<U+2B55> you <U+263A>
That awkward moment when you're 5'8 and wear petite jeans.
RT : : Most consumers don't seek sustainability. We need to change the way consumers think and interact with the...
Does it make me sound less pretentious if I tell you the wine is a day old, but was vacuum sealed?
Got a $2-300 dress for $40 at 's designer sale today -- score! Can't wait to rock it.
uh oh what was it ?
yayy! Looks amazing!! :)))
yeah, movies are pre great ;)
that would be fine with me! They wont have cousins on my side!! Lol! ;)
no tomorrow... im old im abt to be sleep!!
#PhillipPhillips is way too good.
Ohh greatt forgot my science hw at school wow
L&#39;attirail » Blog Archive » Add Spice And Jazz Up Your Myspace ...
thanks I live in San Jose. I'll be commuting daily to the conference daily. This is my 3rd year attending and wouldn't miss it.
Look out, world. Homie just got some new black 501s.
Damn.... Chris Brown wins.... what will he say?
who? Lol a Lil early don't ya think ms kern? Haha
Is the Jesus fish really Venn diagram-based?
A REAL NIGGA RITE HERE
Hate when people stare
“: Bro we needs to go tanning!!” fucking gay! Smh
We like the Joakim Noah-Willis reed comparisons this week, but the #Bulls need more than 4 points from their emotional leader in Game 6.
The ESV Study Bible
If a woman fucks that badly, I think you should blame years of guys who let her and didn't teach her the ways.
#onceyougetmarried you cant look at other hot gujys...thtz why im not married...cuz im too young ehl -oh-ehl
i need a haircut & lineup >_<
New York Rangers are 4-0 all-time at home in Game 7s. That's all I got for today's game.
I was there yesterday. Cove, Heights, Killeen, Belton, Temple, Cameron...
“: How stunning were 's performances? Musical heaven. #OperaSwag #TheVoiceFinale” Please vote for ChrisMann!
Free Movie Friday continues with till 6!
Yeah... I carry stamps, too. ;) I just picked these 2 bec. I liked the card!
#RIP Whitney Houston
Dogfish Head Namaste (Belgian-style wit), St. Peter's English Ale, Page 24 Biere de Printemps (French-style biere de garde)
That crowd so amped I LOVE IT!!!
Interesting Tannehill talk by Irsay. If he goes #3, that might put the Couch-McNabb-Akili Smith jinx in play.
lol that strip looked too easy
When I have a difficult article to write, suddenly all sorts of errands & chores sound enticing. Perhaps I should use this strategically.
Well, if you're ever in NYC hit me up so I can listen to you talk and then hopefully make out with you. Love a good accent.
I am Sidney Poitier... and I am god. Thank you.
And no one offered you vodka?
lucky Ass Niqqa
Happy #humpday! We're busy figuring out who's going to host our ticket sales for the production of #dannysea! Any recs for us?
#Philly is in the house. THIS #DUDE NEED HES MONEY...... 215
"Divide and rule, the politician cries; unite and lead, is watchword of the wise." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
#ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Walk the Tits. :>
Severely swollen tonsil? Sounds like tech week!
ok can somebody giv me some advice wat do u do wen my 16 year old nxt door niebor sits u down to watch her dance on her fathers truck
Mane it cold af in here! <U+26C4>
know your priorities/morals and do what it takes to respect them. Don't ever risk losing your diamond while you're out looking for stones
.I'm watching #Matilda . Cute movie :*<3
My horoscope says, "You can feel a surge of energy today as feisty Mars...aligns with Uranus" That would make me feel - SOMETHING!
is the most underrated rapper i wonder he has had great sucess and still going strong
Proof that quality of life is not really all about "jobs, jobs, jobs."
Supt Deasy of testifying in support of SB 1530: "Simply put, the bill makes schools safer." How so?
You'll find me up at club one-tweezy
can u pretty please follow me in mmy sister please
sweet dreams "Diana" lol ;)
Congrats to for launching in Palo Alto yesterday!
lol I never saw that coming.. Where was this announced? She is about to have all the gays
Last rehearsal of the season with one of my orchestras tomorrow. I will miss the clarinet...
we discovered editing problem also. You are not crazy. Our pilot is in jeopardy- looking at CMS alternatives for summer
Time for a glass of wine? Yes, yes it is.
no have you??
too bad it's not true!
this is a valid point. But I... damn, I forgot I was supposed to be outta your mentions! *facepalms*
#MIA flipped the camera the bird during the halftime show? Didn't see it,but they are making a big deal out of it
haha we now have two broken chairs
Unfortunately we do not, we'd love to come back sometime though. We just haven't had the opportunity come up yet.
BIG TIME RUSH SINGING THE NATIONAL ANTHEM =
So cute! Thanks for checking in! How was your weekend?
Back in NYC after a nice Holiday up North
i have just been informed someone hacked my twitter account and was using it unpleasantly. sorry.
"Sometimes, all a girl wants is for you to fight for her. Make her believe that you may want this relationship more than she does. #ITR313"
Let me know when youre in LA!
thanks B!
Myself, I'm not interested in fame. I like having an influence on large groups of people but only to give away info I have learned.
wow it's. Night time there?
Who's this from guy? Sounds cool and funny
How many commercials is Verlander in???
The Neptune used to be THE place to see Rocky Horror Picture Show…
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 16
My head is killing me
It's surreal and exciting to see people posting about their book arriving from Amazon. Thanks, you guys!! cc:
Pretty Little Liars
T NASTY... THINGS I LOVE TO HEAR IN MY DAY TO DAY!!!
With Oriakhi taking his talents to Missouri, we sadly won't get to hear Kyle Macy butcher Alex's name on the Big Blue Network
Jeremy Beth Michaels wrote: maize & puke green color eyeshadows r the shoulderpads of makeup. they exist but u never want 2 c or wear them.
have a great run! #RnRSD , we will have a cool one waiting for you!
Im going to kill this train..
happy hump day peeps dont hump too much! wait u can never hump too much lol oh yeah yeahh hump away!!!!!
"Your lips are a hot flame baby, and our chemistry is kerosene."
18 percent, no minimum time unless you're renting out the lounge area for exclusive use.
RT : You guys did a fabulous job! Thanks again! #lakeshoreswag is definitely going to be a trending topic on twitter.
Inexplicably have Randy Newman's “Short People” stuck in my head.
If I could sing with you, I would have ARRIVED!
CNN Begins Special Super Tuesday Coverage right now! 6pm ET
I suck at gambling. I never win. My roommate had me pick his choices on a game...I won him $208. Me...lost $60
she changed her mom
I give away a couple slots every week, and it will be open for paid subscription tomorrow (for a few days).
We're looking to hire two #J2EE developers, dm me if you know anyone in the Richmond or DC areas
i love you so much <3
It's really cool to live in LA! I love being able to see a film/tv show & have the opp to ask industry peeps q's, in person on their work!
Old man harden is the truth.
Very nice RT : Going vacuum shopping. This is going to suck.
Austin, come out 2 night (Friday) to see Kiran Ahluwalia's kickin' group/CD release, from New York- 9ish @ St David’s Episcopal Church
looks pretty awesome...and...pretty!
What's your take on MAC Foundations? I see that most Makeup artists don't use them as much as the other brands. Do you know why?
Get at me homie!!!!! Lets chop it up. Dunlap.
well whatever and shes coming to school tomorrow yay!!!!!
Hélène Cixous wrote that "We are a mixture of love and its contrary," and today I'm very contrary.
There are enough road blocks in life without you putting up one for yourself! Coach Terry
NO! That would be 3 days in a row. My kidneys would fail
where he is he going
Today I get to go to a Seattle Sounders soccer game with Jason Sisneros!!!
You know nothing, Jon Snow...
Great show!! Thanks for playing us today!
So much pleasure reading to do its not even funny
I have a sauna too. It's called my garage.
will what's good?
Thanks Jen-You too and congrats on the great start to - we inventors surely appreciate all yalls hard work!
LOL cute! RT: Photo: Happy Galentine's Day! To http ...
No i dnt think so, i talk like Atlanta folks now lol
Cont..... *Needles stabbing me ~Devin.Anne<3
Sometimes you gotta readjust your priorities and goals, to reach that ultimate goal! Much needed!!!! Let's get it!
soo proud to b a Defensemen and an Alum!! Here comes th TERPS!! What out NCAA Tournament!!! "YEAH TERPS!!!!"
There's Gonna Be Times Where People Tell You That You Can't Live Your Dreams! This Is What I Tell Them!!! NEVER SAY NEVER!!! <3
Get that pussy wet
Lol you're really not as hot as you think you are.
Need a badd chick aint settlin for less again
today i'm at 1222 Hollins Street between Carey and Carrollton. Picking up bottles and litter. Will create garden over time.
Okay , isound all depressed now . Fuck these songs gona try to sleep :)
Get ready!! That was Kush from LTD!! You're next my friend!!
RT : We lost some serious Am-Jew creativity this week. RT MCA AND MAURICE SENDAK IN THE SAME WEEK??? WHY???????
That's about the size of it.
People just like to make me cry. People like to take advantage of my niceness <U+E403>
yea it does cause I love my checks lol
Just battled an industrial sized mosquito in the live truck! Take that bugs. Don't mess with a fearless news reporter.
Thank you.
Where is your light or integrity? Yield not to temptation! Be Encouraged.
(jen) Delivering three projects to three different clients this week - all great videos. Can't wait to show them off!
Seen on a sign in Soho: Impossible is not a fact. Impossible is an opinion.
Eating a McGangBang that shit is good
haha congrats you proved me wrong ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
your REALLY cute... just saying :)
it's normally fine but I moved my desktop into the living room and I'm trying to get the wireless card to work, it's being bad
Who fouls out first?
ABOUT TO TWEET MY FIRST "#FACT" OF PLENTY MORE TO COME! (FACTS BY OBSERVATION) SO, FEEL FREE TO DISAGREE.
the first week you start!
Boxwire would like to welcome Mercy Hospital! Trinity Health!
Austin hates you.
Was that #RickSantorum accepting an Oscar for The #Decendents ?!
Affiliate Marketing is being Monopolized
explosions in the sky was a sick show
laugh and laugh and fall apart laugh and laugh and fall apart laugh and laugh and fall apart laugh and laugh and fall apart laugh and laugh
I have the taste of fucking weed on the tip of my tongue. I'm so tempted to do it. I could just dig my trash and find it.
hi. i just found ur twitter xD
Listening to reminds me of #summertime :)
road trip. Follow for details :)
The whole cuban sandwich story better be true- it looks like you're in a moving vehicle!!
Hey George Clooney. When you get out of lockup head to Medium Rare. We are 6 blocks from lockup. Dinner's on us!
just made my self look like an idiot on Facebook for two crappy puns
Jeff Goodman reporting Marquette asst Tony Benford hired at North Texas. Great hire!
congrats on the baby!
learning how to use this twitter. At least it's easy to spell.
“: Romney's victory speech: "I love American democracy. I'm good friends with the owners of it."”
Happy Mother's Day To All The Mom's Out There Today!
You know you love someone when you're crying because they look upset.
Killing someone with kindness sounds like a lot of work to me.
Do the right thing and BE A FRIEND AND LEND A HAND!!!!
#IWannaBe in the greatest love story ever known <3
#CAD2012 prevention of abuse? I want to hear more. Children are worth it.
RT : #GigHarbor #waterpolo coach trying his best to get me in a speedo for my stand-up? I'm think no, ratings killer
Holmes says things between he and Sanchez were blown out of proportion last year.
I seent it.
yeah that sucks big time! And I gota be some where in the next hour or so lol
I thought Evan Rachel Wood's character didn't behave in a believable way at all.
and I don't like pumpkins
#hello november where all the freaky female scorpios at?
Not at all I was checking something else and just happen to see say something. But how are you?
You should also go see DRIVE...badass movie w/ solid track esp if you like 'chase' films in the mold of French Connection/ToLiveandDieinLA
The Chesapeake Center will be transformed after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Did you know Uncle Sam has or will have between 25 and 45% stake in your qualified retirement fund? Talk to me about how I can help you!
#imagine Louis: Did u have fun last night with *your name* ? Niall: yes she screamed my name so loud. ;)
Foundation Medicine average 2/3 clinically actionable variants reported per case
you paint? Thats awesome. what do you like to paint? Ugh I work all day tomorrow :/
"I like your gear" was all she can muster to say..
Know your end game before u lift a hand
just finished day one @ annual NEDRA conf... enjoying a beer in Portland ME~
#Uninsured adults receive fewer and less timely preventive and screening services
Yes I have blue Eyes&Blonde hair. I'm a true blonde. Talk shit go right ahead, but it's who I am.
Texting my mom I'm cool.
G'morning tweet peeps up late than usual had a late night. You were there if on twitter. Enjoy ur day y'all.
That was a good article! It seems like it's an issue of packaging, I guess. Also: I want to read those books now!
same for me but with my momma :D
Lucky lefty i expect a 7, i went thru hell im expecting heaven...who gon stop me huunnn!!!
thx so much!! U should enter if u have near you!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Any Pizza any toppings just $12!!!! All day long!!!!!
i honestly dont know why Sandi and Will stoped having kids After seeing caitlin and christian who wouldnt want more kids lookin like dat!!
It feels like spring in #Cleveland! Shoot me a DM with title or escrow questions- I sit next to our General Counsel, so I have the answers!
I can alter my life by altering the attitude of my mind. -Anonymous
Thanks for the wonderful cross-promotion! Sincerely, your art loving friends in Orlando. <3
Whata what the hell??? R u ok???
Nothing much just watching college football. U?
See you then!
If the Lakers are indeed swept, moves need to be made to re-tool this roster. This is likely Pau's last year in LA anyways
RT if u think Miley Cyrus is PERFECT
You are so close!!
lol fakeness isn't even a word but it is now why? CUZ GRIM SAID IT!!
The first week in May is looking pretty clear so far.
AM stop at George's Shoe & Skate Repair for 1st baseman's glove fix. Their shop is like a hot-metal type shop, aprons and all.
Come and enjoy dinner @ D'Noche...such a glorious night...pre-fixe menu for $18.95
If the patriots win today, is that all I'm gonna hear about next weekend at Evolution ? I miss my packers
email and social media access
What happened in your childhood that made you think people are good???
Tried new product today: #Hanover garbanzo beans, OU #kosher - Added 2 green salad w/ classic OK kosher Italian dressg starter
Louis your gay is showing
you weren't boring! You were amazing :) I loved the songs :) but I think upbeat would be good. Like Avril Lavigne
thanks<3..... I didn't get caught with my phone and now code 99 on my b-day this can't get any better
presenting at UW-Milwaukee startup workshop: telling is not selling
don't let the haters bug ya. They can't take this away from us!
Thanks -- those are great suggestions. We are working to build an "education" charity portfolio for sure!
Welp, looks like can sit at home and watch the Lakers-Thunder playoffs...
yay! awesome! I am working on the first issue at the moment :) super excited about this project
Foo playin the Jazz aint even fair..they couldnt win a gm in the D League haha
"Uptown shoot".. Good luck! add in some shadows and it could be quite challenging.
I'm kinda excited to wake up at 4 is that wierd? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
I was at Alterra for 2 hours this a.m. and was definitely expecting an Aaron showing. I'm shocked you didn't appear.
Lol damn austins not excited at all for the nyc concert! (;
I swear Stephenson High got the best band in Atlanta
I hope I get at least a 3.0 this semester , I worked hard as shit...
I tweet while i climb the stairmaster, what do you #dowhiletweeting?
=O What did he do now?
Eyeglasses for the masses. #IHaveAnIdea! Design frame that ppl would want & realize they need. Make eyesight clearer @ important times 41212
Join us tomorrow from 12-2 pm for a free lunch hour concert with Martin & Asha Saville!
Actually it's all of the above ;)
did you see where and met?!?! I'm so jealous! Wish we could've been there. :)
dam! is this like the 50 time this week???:O lol
Cm punk <U+03C5> are best in the world i love <U+03C5> man graduation for wwe champion good luck
ME TOO!
Thank you both! RT - Glad you liked Bricks & Feathers. is the man.
I hate all the people from my school.
twitter break :/ every time I tried to come back, there was even more drama!
working my assignment :)
Happy Hump Day! How about #HalfOff my services when you book today?!?! #Cleveland #Akron whats up?
How much did Adam Mayes sell the Harley for? I wonder how long till the $$ runs out.....
actually back in the queen city. We'll have to catch up!!! :)
See the truth of those who do #good for others. May their #blindness be lifted, and may they be #spiritually enlightened.
I think WordCamp SF will be in August this year. If you come up for it, hit me up!
Why do people on motorcycles think the speed limit doesn't apply to them?
I've been trying to text you for a week
RT #Aries are brutally honest and straightforward and don't care if you like it or not.
follow jennetteccurdy now
I'm betting on yes but I it all depends on the metro...no above ground access today
I'm so confused right now :( I don't know what to do :(
Always monitor competition, and benchmark but your ultimate focus is on the customer and their experience - Diego Piacentini, Amazon
whats been up with u
Cute!!! I'll try out any food you need taste tested. ^.^
I miss #oomf she took da bear and burnt off on a nigga! Jk lol
Oops--forgot tag: Duderstadt on to potential for "uni's in and of the world" that redefine mission on broader, even int'l, scope.
Don't change a thing! You're perfect!
Raise the Jolly Roger only trends in April, because that's the only time people from Pittsburgh still consider themselves 'Pirates fans'
": You should be kissed every day every hour every minute " two weeks was all it took fer me to fall for u
heck yeah man thanks a lot. If you like new heights and ruins. You will love the rest of the stuff
Arrow, a brown old sailor with earrings in his ears and asquint
Christine July 27th, 2007 6:03 pm I have recently discovered I have Restless Leg Sydrome
..whats up. follow back
Panel on women in the military during the Persain Gulf (first time we deployed large #s of women not in the nurse core)
Cute guy, wonder if he goes to my school.
u can pick up a knife and throw it at them i am kidding lol no i got no ideas and ur walking and using the phone at da same time
I'm so gonna cry for the House series finale on Monday.
Noting much i'm working on modeling got some good gigs and you?
Anyone know of available #grants for translating materials into Spanish?
it's for your own good......
the general presentation for #leweb was absolutely brilliant this year. Really enjoyed watching the sessions on youtube. Congrats man!
brings his incredible traveling show to ATL in less than a week. And we are SO excited.
haha never heard of that song??
He had a new show, can't remember if it was 2011 or 2010. It bombed and disappeared
<< Ig bitches will be bitches
That's a lot of trash. Looks like it's heavy on plastic bottles. Bottle deposit, anyone?
Thanks for the mentions and awesome RTs! :) :) :)
Thanks, Thom! Good to know, all my sitting is apparently guaranteeing that I can't do much more than that lately!
Championship Sunday for the 2010 Jr. High Volleyball League!
": She's strong enough to walk away, but broken enough to look back." Another story of my life
I need to get out of this house....it's like a prison and I'm slowly dying in it
he had good cars to win!!.. No question about it!!
Just finished my final ensemble concert as a Juilliard Student!
How 'bout you & your #GOP cronies stop screwing the Am PPL at the behest of your $$$ special interest donors
Put your face between MY legs .
": I'm not an asshole I just don't give a fuck a lot"
Really hoping to get to 90% today. Who will put us over the top?
RT : Box office opens one hour before each perfornance of "Greater Tuna"
Nice! Enjoy, you'll be in good company.
Hey, I believe you will be famous. I really do!
Rainy ,chilly day all is good
Desormeaux is NOT jockey for I'll Have Another RT : Kent Desormeaux off mounts today for failing breathalyzer test
Hope the mommies had a great day today :) For those of you who missed us, come by the #designdistrict tomorrow to get your #coolhaus fix.
Who will benefit from you living your dream?
Clean up on my mess up. because of the key malfunction we are extending your $1.00 shopping for 15 more minutes.
Ha im just giving you a hard time :-)
Nice to meet you today! Hope you enjoyed the stretch!
Stoked for an amazing weekend of music celebrating Dr. David Baker's 80th Birthday!
Students attacking teachers in-school - and a lot of educators are telling school districts don't want to talk about it
Win your share of THOUSANDS of Cha-Ching! The #WorkplacePayoff starts Monday! $100 EVERY hr!
You know you're lame when you're preparing for class and suddenly get excited as you realize you're reading a Judge Easterbrook opinion.
RT : I don't like you and I never have so quite frankly.....fuck yo feelins!!!!
And call it.
is 16 and pregnant. :') She's having a girl. That's so cute. I'm so happy for her!
#WorshipAndTheword is and private music lessons are available. Follow if interested.
this is like so good I just watched it !!!! I love this song ah !!!!
“: I just want to Wobble. #WobbleBabyWobbleWobbleBaby”
well it was from my fridge.
The other day a rich man told me "Just hearing the name makes me think about wanting to buy a "
Great expectations
By the time females take off all that fake shit they a totally different person
I want the blessing of lord Konti.
Its been a lonq day.! Havent had any sleep so im runninq on very lil riqht now.! Gonna try n relax
Baja Wine Tasting today from 2 to 6pm. 7 wines and light snacks for $14. Hope to see you!
Keep going Kevin, love hearing this haha
“: Doesn't "turbo session" sound much cooler than "trainer session"? gonna start calling all my gear "kit" Love it!
I'm a bit fuzzy on the particulars. But it would seem so.
For all the non believe'n' foes out there doubtin' me... This is who I am, this is Kold Reality!
great way to remember Adam (MCA) and to celebrate his life!
Scores coming in 47, 43, 42 for Austin ISD to take the lead
well its cut off now. Were going to OU tomorrow I'm excited!
haha next weekend maybe?!:)
THAAATS IT! Omg please though!
#RIPDJROWDYA </3 My prayers go out to his family..
i love the PANK. Great mag! Glad to be following.
bout to go play basketball
R.I.p whitney houston
Porter's Tavern should be a goo place this afternoon!
Thanks for the follow Bryan! How goes it?
my mom's for us getting that room... it could still work for us
question: do you think the public model will be different from the school model?
": Dearly Departed Tours' New office on Sunset Blvd. Is shaping up nicely! Tours start from New location April 1"
i followed :)
do you know if logan will be in seattle anytime soon? :)
Just passed a corvette!
Synagogue Schmooze - Cleveland Jewish News
Thanks for following! Good to meet you.
Shd be going over to the Cheery Blossum Festival in a bit with Mark. Will check in on Facebook... (check)
just the same dream for like 8 days now.
Are y'all going to be signing at CMA Fest as well as performing? I love ya's so much!
I wanna be Made into a professional ghost ride the whip.
ahahah your cracking me up. Mine just thinks she's so well balanced, and amazing at everything. She fell into a trash can..
Mary Blair is being honored today with a google doodle!
maybe you could show us your peter andre six pack sometime? hehee ;) love youu calluumm xo
#daydreambeliever on a rainy day
So long ... Wish you could have stuck around one more year, buy best of luck in the
ohh i turned 14 in march :)
Tomorrow we'll be on the southwest side at Fedex Trade Networks International Transport & Brokerage 2349 Aviation Drive Indianapolis.11-1:30
24 hours until I'm back in Raleigh...yes.
SYCAMORE PRIDE!
& drop leg 2 help low-income students go 2 higher ed: eTracking system monitors readiness & links 2 ed savings acct
next time<3
very nice. Beautiful as always.
I don't know but holy cow, I don't think I can handle another breakdown from the girl!
Too hard Too hype lab is on.
#GoTribe Let's go tribe. Get in that walk off mood again. But not the most promising guys up to bat..yet I believe!!! <U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE>
Coral Reef head is the name and fish is all about that game.
Burglaries of residential properties accounted for 73.9 percent of all burglary offenses.
Sounds fun! Still w/ Denny? =)
That's not a smart baby; that's a very very creepy baby. Bradley can do better!
Only 3% of the #earth's water is #freshwater - we must protect this critical resource.
Oh, no, it's okay, Mother Nature, I really fucking love hydroplanning all over the damn place.
can you look at times? You pick
rally not funny
hey belated congrats on new show! Come visit us Cheers
Delicious as always. Went in for the crayfish after I saw the price went down.
: Until the 1800s, Turkish women suspected of cheating were tied in a sack with cats and thrown into the ocean. Thats a punishment
Loving the free toca boca doctor app. My preschoolers will love it.
follow back?
|#quotes A leader has the vision and conviction that a dream can be achieved. He inspires the power and energy to get it done.
?? Not from me.
Yo Myasiaa stay tryna get washed! I was gonna give some cookies too. smh lol
well illegal immigrants get fake ssn#'s and id's can't I get the monkeys one too!?!?!
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined."- Henry David Thoreau
Listening to my co-workers discuss american idol is like a slow descent into madness. Please never use the word "pitchy" please.
hah I can relate! sounds good.
Drake is too beautiful not to reblog every picture I see of him on my dash
!!!!! RT : Whoa, Riot Fest in Humboldt Park in the Fall! The actual PARK.
Thx for the shout out great seeing you at #innotech today. Enjoy and send out some live feeds
if you're constipated, that means 'YOU AIN'T SHIT!' LLAMF!!!!!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: BBQ Ribs and Broasted Chicken. Double the meat and double the fun.
m, oreos n milk (:
Was looking forward to S-Jax vs. Metta, oh well. Lets' beat LA anyways.
Wait! You should be using a STEINWAY piano, not a Yamaha!
I just got 23 new messages.
Want to hear two short jokes and a long joke? Joke. Joke. Joooooooooooooooooooookkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkke.
DUDE HOW DID CHEM GO?? HOPE IT WENT WELL<U+2665>
The beatings will continue until morale improves!!!!!!!!
Hoo-Rag Launches New Line Of Outdoor Protective Gear
A behind-the-scenes peek at the wheels from Bluemont Dairy in Madison, Wisc. The bandaged cheddar has crystals of goodness:
When you have headphones in and people try and talk to you <<<
Any JAVA Peeps? And Im not talking the coffee- Gimme a call if youre looking for a PERM Position *312-616-7974*
What'd you get? Fried pie? RT : with their 100th follower!
Mascara companies can make eye lashes look three times longer. Why in the world don't they make condoms?!
...that's the only Conrad on the team that I know of.
I LOVED your performance. You guys went hard.
ARTyard plan for downtown Chandler stalls It's been more than six months since the city requested proposals.
i feel absolutely horrible
Should be every leaders battle cry! RT Most people spend their day putting out fires. I'm spending mine starting them.
Like our own so we can let the frustration out while simultaneously sending it anonymously into the ether.
Woo take home test, completed! Next time to prepare for this presentation, start to prepare for the final, and do 2 more projects.
hey :) follow me back please?
Widdout internet on my laptop until time warner come install my phone, internet, & cable Tuesday. Had to cancel direct tv, not allowed here.
Yeahh (: well I'm so freaking tired I'm going to bed (: haha goodnight (: Talk to you later? (:
Aw wah. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> No bueno! Will do, wish you were!
Pretty sure we know it's UK, sigh. “: Nerlens Noel will announce his college decision on April 11 on ESPN #Cuse #UK #GTown”
Happy Friday. Cant complain about the weather today. Its going to be a busy weekend. Wont be on the computer much.
Shout out to my newest follower Hope everything is going well with you Ruth! :-)
what a beautiful day out san francisco! get out there and do #something!
#ChrisRickert column on War on Women in today's is so bad I can't even bring myself to link it here.
why isn't twitter working right???? God please help me on this stressful day
I'm in a train! I'm on a train! Take a look at me now, 'cause I'm on a train!
the friends i got <<<<
Everybody message me Ur skype names
Floyd gonna wait til manny has to walk around wit a cane and then say let's fight.....funny thing is manny would still beat his weak ass
So excited for the #beach this weekend
I say the "No way I'm like that" vote smothers the "I'm totally like that" vote
you too! Yes, kale is so Californian, never knew so many recipes until I got here! Spicy peanut a fave! :)
No more blog posts about him going home!
that is pretty much what you are doing by GAMBLING our city's future on BF
Yeah check the stats, my team winning Tryna get a bitch open like a flea flicker
Want to help me trend something for ariana?
sarees look funny when you don't have boobs heeheehee... i was trying to figure out what looked off about these draped skinny white girls
From EduDemic- 25 Ways to Use Twitter in the Classroom-...
In 1971, Ol’ Blue Eyes announced his retirement. Aren’t we lucky that he was back in the studio just 2yrs later?
...<3 can't wait to see you tomorrow
thanks for a great season. With love from the bay..<U+2764>
WAIT....IT RAINED EARLIER?! HOW THE HELL DID I SLEEP THROUGH IT?!
Happy Tuesday...S/0 New 2 my new tweepies
Make me a #DraftVIP #NFLDraft1 Much love Shawn!
I think I may buy a couple of copies of the today and take them to work Wednesday.
I hope you get better soon!!!
I fell back. Now what do I do
god doesn't exist
I'm writing a big "NO" on my summer availability for work
I love you fuck head!!!! Xoxoxoxo
": I'm really not in the mood to go to school or even smoke today . -.- I feel like shit." Im on a hangover!!!
I want you to be happy, but I want to be the reason...
• Cool. I don't know how twitter accounts get hijacked but I've seen it happen to lots of people.
I wish I had rotten tomatoes I could throw at cars instead of havin to honk at them.
Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch!
do you think it matters? not being rude just asking
Don't do it for profit. Do it for purpose.
#Pacers gotta 16 point lead #LetsGo!!!
According to Examiner: Kris Allen has just partnered with the Music Empowers Foundation
rodney where are you...
But Yea Finna Roll It Up, Den Toke It Up Hell.
First time watching braveheart. Was pretty good
So there is this beautiful girl...and she is reading this right now.
Betty White and #thevoice, for sure : Fav commercial so far?
you're drunk, huh?
I hate when that happens! I lost days on that once...bizarro.
Jersey Shore season 3 in december get ready! Back in jersey, Hell yeah I'm pumped!
This is good, yes?
all bad bros!
bonus if they're active for a month.
and my car broke, barely got it to the shop aka some guys backyard who we found on craigslist.
I'm single. You'd have to be amazing to change that.
Forget the light at the end of the tunnel. It's usually just a break between tunnels. Learn to love the tunnel - Scrappy Project Mgmt book
nice. Makes me think of the owl from the '81 Clash of the Titans
If sexy never left, then why's everybody on my shi-i-it?
I think they are having a budget cut.. Lol
's "disintermediation" slide at #AAUP11 has me rereading the anthros of mediation: , W. Mazzarella, , etc.
'The Avengers' is awesome, yo.
nope dm it to me
RT : What are we going to do after they pass cap-n-tax?> stop feeding this beast!!
13 more days of school doe!!! >>>>>
Good to hear.
Oh, yes. I want to see photos.
Also shout out the TKIL homies back home just lit one for ya!
Looking forward to profiling in magazine soon. chatted about prop. 8 win @ #CaDem2012 #CTA reception
I thought we had something real -.-
if any of my FB friends have a Twitter follow me on there i dnt want any more surprizes jp
right back at you:)
Today at the improvisational retreat, we learned about mitosis, Nihilism and plumbing.
College Football Capsules: Petrino, mistress exchanged 100s of calls, texts - Brownsville Herald
#fgn3 hey hey
5 reasons your boyfriend hates your bangs.
You can never get back what you choose to throw away.(DEP)
Great hustle by Evan Turner!
Successfully sang the four questions
please, and thank you.
Use Selective Tweets for FB! When installed on yr FB account, you can [hastag]FB to whatever tweets you want posted to FB too.
Way to go lakers
Hugo Viana is nothing short of incredible. Right now, FAR outshines Martins as a player.
I wonder what it's like to be 19 and make the MLB look so easy.
Shepards pie for dinner! Yum. :)
There are a lot more soups to go - thank goodness it is getting close to lunch! I am making myself hungry!
they needed that to wake up
Randy Sklar screaming and playing with snakes is like the best thing I've seen all year.
I'm definitely a changed person from 3 years ago. Big dreams & at a tough point of my life, I began to realize them!
Just played 'Wind Cries Mary' on the guitar. Haven't got the solo down yet, but I'm working on it.
Happy birthday!!
Great information Lisa. Thanks How do we contact you after the TWEET CHAT ?
wats up wit you??
I just remembered I learned how to tie a bow tie last night! BaBAM
Bless him!!
i don't wanna be loved , i don't wanna be loved .
VOTE FO' PEDRO!!
haha! I feel it's beyond rude to take advantage of people. I watch start ups do it like its the program. Dark times.
Dude, a book about Nose Pickers? Awesome, count me in!
IM GONNA FUCKING KILL SOMEONE. MY WIFI WON'T CONNECT AGAIN. IT SAYS UNABLE TO JOIN NETWORK.
so i just checked out your band and you guys are amazing :) ill def spread the word around :)
sounds like we have the same problem. AND I'm going to stop and get breakfast on the way
i think they could benefit from sociology 101
would you like to do a colab/duet with me? your a very talented singer.
Hey David. Follow me please?
What!?!?“: Correction: An earlier tweet about our cover story this weekend, now deleted, mistakenly referred to raccoons as "coons."”
Virtues are acquired through endeavor, which rests wholly upon yourself.
I miss you:(
Where would you guys like to see us play next in NYC?
P.Terry's veggie burger....
When do you become too old for your parents to not help you anymore? Cause you never get too old too not have to respect them anymore
Cant promise you will win $540 million by playing at the Riv, but we can promise good times and great memories !
can u pleaaaassseeee follow me??? It'll make my day <33
Oh ya an good morning to all you beautiful people on my timeline this morning :) have a blessed day
none of my friends listen to the same music as me.
so is it weird to root for one Rangers and against another?
Now the principal is trying to kick her out of lake nona
Above all things, never be afraid. The enemy who forces you to retreat is himself afraid of you at that very moment. -Andre Maurois
The only beer on tap at Underground Lounge last night was Murphy's - only half a glass left - don't think they've change the keg since 1982.
Good news just keeps on coming!!! So happy right now.. loving life =)
"Ooh my my" doing his thing on with keeping it real!!
Thanks for the RT girl ;) Team DSE
I'm going to be in London for a month in July so I'm looking at what to watch that is exclusively BRITISH.
Me too. #coffee is good for just about everything!
YUMMO! cannot wait to see what you whip up for the FIESTA! xx
yes Woof!
haha aw. I have all of the normal lab times this month lol.
Wow Dead Man Walking is a GREAT movie
well, true but based on our controlled spending conversation last night it's probably going to happen w/or w/o new hangers.
Thanks for the RTs tonight Make it a memorable weekend.
Still counts!
Vday gift from the Cupid of productive workdays: no internet in my office.On cusp of hr 3;perhaps flirting w.building mgr will resolve this!
Our lives are an open book. What role does God play? What role do we play? Who has the leading role? Who is writing the book?
And when the wedding photographer asks you to say the magic 'smile' word for the pics...presume we know what you'll say! :)
Yeah I like to shoot squirrels in our backyard for fun too.. K Dom..
Hey y'all follow !!
well that's two reccomends and no disapprovals congrats new customer.
Prove everyone wrong.
Lets go Bucs! Hieber's Pharmacy supports the
That Thing You Do!
The crew from upcoming movie "she wants me" just arrived. What a day so far! Love this place.
I know you ate it.
Made it to Long Beach. Testing iPad as road laptop. Great on flight.
See you there. And then we'll need to find a renter, right?
I think the this is the first flight I have ever been on with Internet
tried new lotion formula, been letting it sit 2 c if it separated, it's been 5 days & still in tack! Looks like we may have a winner!
go look at it lmao it's too damn funny
Need beats? e-mail me @ or call 678.577.7062
Enjoy! I hope that you like the snack mix. It is the one thing that I know how to make fairly well!
We are so glad you are enjoying the #LiNC conference, Wally!
and you're the background on my phone
it's a great place... If guy have time there's a six flags there
These Apple announcements are always so exciting.
Out of meeting about usability test results for website. It's one of the few meetings I actually look forward to!
US can't tell Iowa its marriages aren't valid. Nor can Texas tell Iowa that. That's what being united states means.
WOW thanks “: is one of the best follows I ever made. If u want inspiration, intellect, philosophy, & truth ..
thanks for the RT! Haven't seen you in a while - how have you been?
Sasha vujacic is still way out in front in the people I hate contest
Nice to know my whole office got $1 pretzels from without me.
well when ur in town we can take a trip and go to the real ones then lol deal ?
Celebrate the New Year with Helmet City! What's your favorite motorcycle memory from 2010?
Who admits to buyers remorse starts in 3..2..1.. RT The who will give JaVale McGee $10 mill per year debate starts in 3..2..1
In the mornings, I was anxious; It's better just to stay in bed. Didn't want to fail myself again.
#nowwatching MaryMary on We T.V.
At the #SSAC excited to hear the first session w/ Gary Bettman, Adam Silver, Steve Tisch, Rob Manfred & Michael Wilbon.
I'm like the only person awake
hahahaha yes Robert! Lol an my brother
awh thankss! but yours is better (:
Thanks for the retweet, we love this pic, too! We're celebrating #harleywomen all month long!
That awkward moment when you hear your own voice on a record and wonder how you even have friends.
Its Colder Than The Hairs On A Polar Bears Ass
go for it, you got my support
oh~Sajj., thank u soo much! U just don't know how much I need ((HUGS)) right now, thank u 4 ur luv<3. My dearest sweetest friend;)
Justin, I love u, wontcha gimme ur hand? - a blast from the past
Thanksgiving=1 week and counting:)
"Happy Mother's Day"
Meeting lots of nice new people via #rot11 - please feel free to say "Hey" :)
i'll miss ya!
YESS!! FOLLOW US BAILEY! ;O YOUR SO AMAZING!! <3
I'm gonna be less cool sans OKC!!!!
Headed there shortly: “: Wheels up! #GCDC #clothdiapers at Kiwanis Park Tempe Arizona! In Phoenix #earthday lead up!”
Bartender pour the wine cause the hurtin is all mine yeah tonight the heartaches on me
I'm sorry, hopefully you'll be able to attend one of our Creative Salons soon!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought it was stupid and pointless. man, was I wrong.
:) Ya got a point there! Though that can be fun too, all depends, lol.
defintiely just tryna make some moves slowly but surely yall need to creep out her for bday bash
UPDATE: Due to the excitement building around - #BBRN will archive it 30 minutes after each live broadcast.
What are your favorite hoppy brews?
OctoberFest Sales going on all month long at MusicalStop.com MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America
& . Yes i do fell bad But it's not my problem that he had to leave early & its kinda off your guys fault because ...
New twidroyd update might actually stop me uninstalling it
g'night all. hope pleasant dreams lead you into a beautiful and relaxing sunday...
#sportspetpeeves When people always think national announcers are biased
I can't dM you any longer.
Carolyn Wells~ Actions lie louder than words.
Thank you! I should take my own advice, and not throw a tantrum, right? :)
When a song reminds you something or someone in ur past that ur trying to forget <<<<<
Since Husband man doesn't have Twitter I can freely shout this out...SUPRISE PRESENT IS BEING SHIPPED!!!! Hope it gets here by Saturday!
that should really read, before OPENING FOR
A menu from one our fine school lunches: "Fillet flounder, scalloped potatoes, buttered spinach, buttered bread, stewed prunes, milk" [1944]
yes girl that's right lol
Grab all your co-workers and come compete in our New Belgium Office Olympics Nov 11, 18 at 6 pm. Prizes include VIP tour of brewery.
Is traffic really stopped because a dog won't get out of the road!?
yes, I believe I have heard of her ;)
Awesome, thank you so much! Very excited :)
This chick turned down a job offer 2 work 25.00 an hour..wtf?
she bad. and she know it.
Would love to be part of setting the 5-yr plan for SMPSdc. Thanks for asking!
needs to stay the hell out my dreams when Im trying to sleep Im tired as hell today .....smh
RICK SANTORUM has been called out several TIMES by secret agent RA-RA. Once again she has nailed his BUTT TO THE CROSS. NLD Mom/ca.surv.
hell yea lol i will be in detention tomorrow -_-
Preparing for History exam :/
Toshiba Excite 10 LE unboxing and initial hands on review [Video ...
welcome to Twitter!
Looking through the unopened goodie bag to see what I can give away on
Hi all when you get a chance check out my world music project called Indigenous Souls... www.myspace.com/indigenoussouls
RT : RT A new study says vitamin D may reduce aggressive breast cancers in black women. Are you getting enough?...
no problem! :)
like what????
Sure thing!
HELL YEAH BIG TIME.
MR Blow! Class music is much more than a chance to calm down! it could be a linchpin in the war on poverty! (El Sistema !!!)
said he wished he had a girlfriend that nigga was on that big time rush shit talkin bout #oohf singin'n'shit
Can't wait to see it! :)
So bored and tired that I'm watching infomercials :/
this is bulshit
Sci-Fi is the path to world peace, per the Toastmaster.
Anyone else having a Gmail problem where it fails to mark messages in a label as read? Quite annoying.
Yay! Thank you! Hope you enjoy it! :)
damn dat nigga traffic did have some paper
thank you my love, also to you <3
Headed to church with my brothers and Dad
Thank you to everyone who supported us, the walk was great! We raised $1,128!!
So what am I looking forward to #CES ?? Drooling over things I can't and won't have lol.
Just saw this the other day. It's about to go viral I can feel it.
My love for was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me.
Love this: God only gives three answers to prayer: 1. 'Yes!' 2. 'Not yet.' 3. 'I have something better in mind. Nighty Night!
finally with my kid! Whew!
I just had the best & longest ssleep of my life. I rub you.
and very few roads.
It was such a nice day today. Wish I had someone to share it with.
I wish I could sleep with headphones and not get strangled in them. I need to sleep with music playing.
Has Ron Paul been asked about son Rand's opinions on the 1964 Civil Rights Act?
Lady Gaga So So ALready winner you winner winner
What. The. Fuck??? Really?!
no problem, I'm always here. (:
Looking to have style Ring-Tail Lemur Vinyl Figures manaufactured for our company - Any recommendations? -
Good Morning... Happy Monday :)
SECCA presents conversation with paperless exhibition's only NC-based artist. Thurs., May 17, 7 p.m. FREE
One client just wrote "Great play last night!" regarding #HKC's College Hoops WINNER Arkansas St !!!! BPOSport.com
we'd be honored
A good thing gone wrong, rather like Diedrich's. Sad. I'm going back to Peet's now.
NEW Lunch Special- 1 HUGE Cheese Slice, 1/2 size any specialty salad & drink for ONLY $8.99!! Best Lunch Specials in town & the best pizza!
REBEL fashion show tonight at ! REBEL will be giving away some pieces from the new line! Get there early supplies are limited.
if only official baseball season was here with the weather...
Sleep time :) 13 hour shift tomorrow woo!
sounds like you guys... Would love to see a color-coded graphic of Libya news showing how bits of news travel...
#Glee haha Tina is doing an awesome Rachel impression. I like Tina better as Tina though.
On the road again.. 6 cities in the next week.. And then LA!
just sent our golf shirts for Can't look better than that on the links!
on a happier note, LET'S GO TO MILL MTN TOMORROW. cause i'll be home. and i want your face in my life.
Going on Martha Stewart Living Radio on Sirius from 230-3. Learn how to pack perfectly for the holidays!
Looking at playing in Brownsboro (close to Tyler) on March 30th and Jacksonville on April 27th. Can we get people to come out?!
why are you getting surgery?
you lucky:/
-stands in doorway- your serious?
thanks for the follow!
says it's like an MLS crowd
Responding to an attack with an attack contributes to a downward spiral of negative interactions.
HEY SIS,,IF U WORKING,THIS FOR U,,LEGGO!!!
I think hunger games would've been even better is I was there when yelled YOLO! when people were killed
"The hardest to say three sentences: Help me, I love you, I'm sorry"
I DONT KNOW WHAT DO WE HAVE HERE
Why does Gallardo always seem to have one foot stuck in the mud puddle of mediocrity?
Blessed with you in my life
Anybody want to see 21 jump street tonight?
okay goodnight!<3
I heard u like the wild ones
#creative dilemma: choose between the known and unknown (which is juicier?)
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed. ~ Napoleon Hill
"Rock The Runway" April 8th, sponsored by Dmagazine, Junior League, Park Place, Fig. Your judge extraordinaire...Skintastic's own Barbara
Yes! It will all be good!
We're very happy to announce that for the 9th straight year that the Delafield Brewhaus will be attending the World of Beer Festival!
Thanks everyone for your #JustRead contributions this week!
hate you right now! me and my boss were JUST talking about taco bell and mexican resturaunts.. NEED.TACOS.NOW.
Swabbies is thanking its taco talents downtown to Alhambra and H in t minus 1 hour!
Sending hugs the way of one of my favs !
somethings wrong with my time
To our 3 patrons who helped a lost gentleman, thank you. Such a Mitzvah. Your kindness is a blessing!
All we are , all we need
COME TO KENTUCKY
There will be two stages of security. Then Conner Prairie is first onstage with Michelle. I'm sure I'll trip.
Moth stuck in my ear, what's new with you?
yea umm tbh I never heard of him and I didn't even follow him but I followed him and looked him up! He's a good actor! :D
. I'll give you a tasty dog.. HAHAHAHAH
What drama on the last day of the epl
OMG I just got the worst news from my home town. My cousin died today and she just had a baby 1 week ago. I cant believe this !!!!!!
im so tired >< and this weather doesnt help
Nice call.
meant hay
John! Nice to meet you. You seem like a nice guy. That's nice.
Thank you.
Please RT! <U+2192> I'm running a 2-for-1 special on voice coaching sessions THIS MONTH ONLY. In L.A. or via Skype. Email me at !
got one of them a few weeks back....
So there's a chance of a LA-NY #StanleyCup Finals...interesting
": Doing makeup now too? Awesome!" Thank So Much! Make Up Artist Theresa
The simple quiet moments in life can bring us so much if we allow ourselves to be present to them.
but then again, they're just trolling.
Check out for GREAT training and classes - plus keep an eye out for upcoming Nutrition/Wellness Workshops to be held here!
I'd rather rest in a sauna than row through a lagoon.
It's nearly impossible to focus these last 2 weeks of school.
#dh11 Lots of little issues w/ GBooks: large swaths of corpus misdated.
he's going to stay at home and you'll support the family?
do you not realize arguing about the same thing everyday isn't helping though
plus opener against Saints team w/o it's coach
Thanks Again (:
27pg final submitted.
Wow!! We need a new fucking goalie!!!!
To whomever just walked by my office saying, "oh yeah, that must be the liquid cheese they pour on their cheese fries" - shut your yap.
you're welcome... have a wonderful day!
": I'm eating persimmons like they're vampires before sunrise." Like vampires before sunrise. :)
Especially since Newt said today that the Prez doesn't know what he's doing.
AxeOff USA is a Monthly Guitar playing contest @ the Hard Rock Cafe in New Orleans. Cash prizes $3000. For more info: www.AxeOffUSA.com
slow and steady wins the race...aka haven't started yet
I founded CORE, organized the freedom rides & [brought] Gandhian techniques... to the struggle for racial equality. - James Farmer
Somewhere a racist kidney is complaining about how kidneys don't get a holiday.
If we made stickers, would anyone buy them? Currently looking into getting some bad ass logo die cuts made so we can raise $ for a new site.
meeting saturday?
Get decent refs, then we'll chat! RT puts a bow on TD. Great celebration or selfish for getting team a 15-yard penalty?
whos it supposed to be by?
Today we have a sale on televisions! 25% off all TVs and like all electronics, money back guarantee within 7 days of purchase with receipt!
: hey:p Random question. Do you know any good songs?
. OA mentioned at 1 talk, but not scandal. Someone suggested consortium of universities could BUY Elsevier. Which would be cool.
This is after LBJ had earlier forced RFK to go deer hunting in Tx and made him use a large caliber shotgun that knocked him on his ass.
AFTER STUFFING UR FACE WHICH GAME R U LOOKING FORWARD 2 MOST??? 4 ME ITS THE PACKERS/LIONS
Men don't have button flys.
I got a few plans im about to set in motion.. but b4 that I need to watch a dream.. out
Come on, now! Real wind doesn't start until 30mph. Then continues until it gusts at 75mph. #WestTexasFistbump (;
hola how goes?
Sometimes I wish I didn't care. it would make things so much easier for me
hey its stingy Chris lol
i'm going to see resident evil. i don't even know what it's about. :p
i was DEDICATED... to the Jonas Brothers. just like i never stopped loving them, ill never stop loving one direction. <U+2665> ^-^
for who?
Taking it chill tonight with and
I flirt but that don't means I want to fuck you all the time -_-
That red one is smoking! :-)
Aw man I love my bitches!!!
Phew! What a relief that it didn't tear your nips off!
it is! People are really enjoying. The society is accepting members. Contact
you are welcome :)
...i guess i'll just stare at the walls in the green room and listen to John Mayer until my eyes close on their own.
That last answer leads into A2: Being motivated AT the right time -- when everyone else is in bed & before everyone else is awake.
At Home Pranking My Mom By SNAPPING videos of her funny excersices ! :)
I hate mondays and wednesdays just as much.
maybe he didn't write them,but we don't know that anymore than we know he did...but he's still resp for those pubs
Yup. Soon as I get back, please?
Although it feels wrong for a lifelong NJ devils fan to say, I have to cheer for the Rangers against the Caps... Peace out, Ovechkin!
Never say sorry for sayin what you feel thats like apologizing for just bein real
Indians bring in closer Joe Smith to take on Jays in the top of the 11th.
Pushing forth 2 more faith- based business designs: LeChic Hair Designers-Miami, Florida and Ruach Studios-Miami,Florida.
RT : Just dark-deployed auto-routing Drush remote support to infrastructure. Really cool and going public...
I work with models of all ages from kids to older people so I get a chance to meet celebrities and important people
Still time to register for SD Press Club's Wed workshop Practicing Safe Social Media. More info at www.sdpress.org/Activities
It would be sweet if I did this all the time ... likely though? Not so much. :)
I'm really happy we sold our couch but I am really missing it while watching these games. Beach chairs coming trough in clutch instead.
MarineMax and the strength in our brands make us #1. No one else comes close to servicing our customers! Check out our stock @ HZO.
#TacoBellTrafficTracker at the #TacoBell 5604 Cameron Road 5-6pm today!!! I have some movie passes
My mom is annoying me so much right now
HI JASMINE V I LIVE IN SPEIN I LOVE YOU AND YOU NEW CONCURSE WHEN WAS YOUR FIRSTH CONCERT?
well....I don't know about that ;)
Check out Free online tool for documenting developmental milestones/memories! Parents and teachers LOVE IT!
Jeff, thanks for the great article on and myself!
will be rocking this Friday the 30th! Come party with us on the sunset strip
Where was Brooks Conrad when this happened?
did he meet the mother? Is it Barney in drag?
Lucky w live starting tables lately. Have another great one here. Too bad it will break in a couple hours. Started w 40k. At 1st break 44.5k
SMILE BIG! We are open at 4PM today!
hey sexy <3 you be lookin mad d0pe in that Twitter pic of yours (; get at me?!?
Going to go get my girls vday cards
even though they looked like ants, lin still rocked my world ;)
New England may have league's best defense in 3 years. #Sheesh. Great draft.
LOL - i hear ya - i thought turkey was a new "healthy" thing not a traditional thing. all i know is i am now very hungry
Where is the integrity and consistent character? Society as whole is two faced... when it comes to the people one likes or love!
Yay! Can't wait! RT Hallelujah. Community is coming back March 15.
. and by "sum of the parts" this includes logo, packaging, ads & what the customer thinks/feels about the prod
not every song is meant to be a radio hit
Thank you. He was a great guy, kind of a 2nd father, jokester, loved by everyone. My cousin gave an amazing eulogy.
You could probably just walk the rest of the trip. :-)
*i* try hard not to think he's fraud
just a day away
followed back
Mommy cooking on say grill ya
CP3 or Tony Parker? TP3, (Tony Parker, 3 Rings) hands down.
Wanted to thank everyone for all of the inspiring Info!
Whhooo super! Will it be like deja vu? MT “: I will be live-tweeting tonight's #30Rock on at 830pm ET #SweepsTweet”
Enjoy. I think about 10 of my requested changes were made in 6.5. Pretty awesome.
Don't over think just know its right
There is more in front of you than what's behind you.
debut online is 4-16-12!!! Can't wait :)
you're really great! Two thumbs way up!
plx follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube
Yep. Hail in Seattle in April. Yep.
Today has been amazing but im so tired
Colorado is looking good! Arizona wildcats aint looking good Mr lute olson
You can<U+FFFD>t just live for some goal in the future and have that be everything or have that be it
look at all these beautiful games on your iPad that you can't play very well without a controller that doesn't stick or smudge the screen!
Congratulations to all my friends who won hugos (just saw the hugo newsletter). YEAH!!! to Chris and time lord chicks!
Any funny Valentine Day stories you'd like to share? Did everything work out as planned?
Happy Valentine's Day Ladies!
my question is: what ARE the essential facts that we "need to" know? What are the things for which we should rely on google?
what the hell are you tweeting about
Yay for Friday! Writing job done; proposal submitted; lunch w/old friend good :) Off for a run, in anticipation of overindulgence tomorrow!
Really #inspiring to watch students complete their essays in class when they claimed they couldn't do it.
And they have to be naked in my bed before 7 because that's when my mom gets home.
#MikeD resigns? Should have been Mello.
Mah grades are going up WOO!!!!!!!!
hello my TWEET'S ... just checkin in.. have a good day and keep smiling. Its gorgeous out. come out and have a few glasses of cold wine.
I found blood and I saw stars all in the backseat of your car, and ya told me it was love
Yes and I'm still drinking the same strong ass coffe today, but now its Tiramisu moka flavored :)
I hope my generation can hold the torch when the time comes. Carry on tradition.
I need models to participate in our Clear Port Boutique and Beauty 'LOOK OF THE DAY' pic! Make UP and Hair by B. Borja and Chrisante Devon
Boring Night -.-
Can't make the concert? Show you support the kids by donating at www.harmonytohelp.com ALL the funds go to Children's #Cancer Fund of
cool beans
No such thing as too long. That ish is expensive so keep it until it literally falls apart in your hands.
I have five sisters. Odds are really good that one of them is a side bitch.
Had a great time on the set of "Southland"
Thanks- will have some students share an Animoto account and that should do the trick.
Man oh Man!! Dang! I hate it when the store sells stale ass dutchmasters!!! I mean the shyt just krumble up!! Hey Kumar!! I need my $1 back!
Janet Leigh. Look at you, a hoddie with a boddie
I miss you! We need to do lunch ASAP! I know school must suck without me ;)
thank u 4 following me!!!:)
The Secret to a Happy Ending is ending.
obviously not on the low anymore since you tweeted it…
I an only hope it does for those bunch of dirty cheats...finally they get caught...deserved red card...i hope it ends 10-0
We are a ShowRite Feeds dealer in KY! Contact me for your #livestock show animal nutrition.
After a long night of storms, I'm crossin' my fingers for some sunshine. One more storm to go before we get a break. :)
When we gone hit anotha track bro
Steak, shrimp, potatoes, brocoli, moscato, and loud!
I fucking hate school so much.
DM us your address!
You won't see a better middle-linebacking performance ever. Don McCafferty, former Colts Coach
Can i go back to monday and tuesday please? that would be great
don't want to go to school tomorrow ughh
RT : Looks like in addition to Maryland, winning tickets were sold in IL and KS. 640-mil divided by 3=still really rich.
Hilarious ": So i see you went as a slut wearing a pair of animal ears for Halloween, that's cute."
I havent watched yet it yet it's recording butt Abs? Oh lawdddy I can't wait to see!
Ima take the next 7hrs one hr at a time. Really don't want to work with this person.. damnit!
congrats again, Boo Boo and Tom! Nothing but the best for you both. Loveandkisses, Dad.
Ah, spring.
I have a forecast you're going to love this morning. Make sure to catch Debra Gil and me from 7:00-9:00 on Good Day Oregon. See you then!
What a day, what a day. All about those fn details! But when it all works out, I feel like I truly do deserve that bottle of wine
They just need somebody to love RT : Why's a bieber group following me? A hate the wee girly shite
Home sick but still watching #8LA. Brilliant.
So cool. RT : Happy Mother's Day to all moms, especially mine who lets me know before every game that she'll be cheering for me.
online store coming in about 1-2 weeks, otherwise they are available at all Borders stores
I suppose I'll get used to it eventually, but for now, all it does is make my eyes hurt. (Which, if I'm not mistaken, is EVIL.)
Need a Massage :)
shoprite offered me a raise, more hours and a transfer to a different department and i still said no. cvs here i come
Are there any estimates of how many gallons of gas are being saved by #Carmageddon?
That veronica vaughn is one hot piece of ace...I would know from experience dude.
I had to do that too my iMac, much better now.
The best time to start is now. You may never be as ready as you are at this moment.
RT!! Follow and one person in Africa will gain access to clean safe water! 1 for 1. Help spread the word!
That's a super cute pic!!
Walking to class and seeing two girls giving each other hickeys<U+E40D> thats cute guys....<U+E406>
Looks like quality of life over energy efficiency and size is winning in my survey! What do you think?
On a computer for the 1st time since giving birth 9 days ago. Been in baby-heaven/survival-mode. Scared to check my overflowing inboxes...
Gearing up for our next production, Shuffle to Show Boat, at the !! Only 5 shows in conjunction with the INTERSECTIONS festival!
Thank you love! <3 Now make sure to only talk to us and not here!
I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones
playing w/some LTI things tonight-also wondering where u r on mapping/outcomes development-we r lookng at several mapping tools
A romp in the ocean or a lake enhances your dog in every way. No need for a bath after. The salt water is a great coat conditioner too!
you are so cute when you're angry.
your sexy, its okay.
i know but thank you
Boxing match last night was straight bogus smh
I miss you !
WHAT UP! CULT LOGIC IS HERE!
mix it with some diet coke since chances are you aren't dieting either
I used to be quite a wine snob until it started to give me headaches. Still love it though.
Hope everyone is having a great Sunday! We need some more followers! Spread the word for !!
great set last night
Only if what you wear over is close to the knee. Spread the word! RT : can we wear leggings?
#3 Bring back Marshall Fields already!
RT naw Danny and Paul George so god damn good.
RT This Friday at Eck's Saloon: ACDC, Black Sabbath, & Rush tributes. It's a Tribute Extravaganza!
Why am I still watching the Golden Girls?!?
I am! Out on business. I'm up around Albany Park and Lincoln Square today, what about you?
we've got 4 questions for you: 3. What challenges must be addressed? and 4. What actions, big or small, can you take to help?
Tried to do a pull up at the gym today. Didn't! The girl on the treadmill laughed. Starting workouts tomorrow out of shame.
watching travis in moto x best trip, then ghost adventures!
Sometimes I want to <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> these nxggas
ohh ok :) ! Good luck
We love delicious things! Visit at the Broadway farmers market today! 10-3.
Glad to see you're back in business!
interesting...I had different set of problems when I studied in France...which is what led to thesis :)
Have green tea w/honey. Am a happy girl.
I wear my heart upon my sleeve, like a big deal
doesn't dye expire? lol are you bald yet? lol I'm scared for you.
A "Crescent Sun Over Tucson" on Sunday, May 20; Partial Solar Eclipse from 4-6...never view with the naked eye!
WR's are deeper in 2nd round than CB's...Gilmore or Kirkpatrick will be the pick...
Gift and a Curse <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>“: #Gemini can be really pissed one minute and then be so calm and happy the next.”
Dropping the truth they ant handle! RT : "If you can't feed your baby, then don't have a baby"
Never Again! You to go to www.livebinders.com, it is a nicer way to share your document. No more links and it is
Too early for this Slim lol
..the clippers better not f.ck this up for me.
Just very bright.
No, and that's my whole point. The GOP has controlled it the last 17 months. Reagan's 1st year job losses are credited to Carter.
Happy birthday!!! :)
i used to get crap on my pc all the time until i started using firefox
Singing; Girls who are boys who like boys to be girls who do boys like they're girls...
my sister in law has not spoke to me since she sent me a picture of her daughter and sent a reply she looks beautiful LOL
Anythang by Drake.
what!? That's awesome! She is fun :)
Starting with the man in the mirror.
Can you promote our #NYC Corporate Research #Librarian opening to your followers? !
Our very own Dante, airbrush artist to the stars, just airbrushed PaulaAbdul for the WendyWilliams show. Good luck Paula you look beautiful!
#RockYouLikeaHurricane It's how we roll!! #KeepShiningBright Ed! You're a fantastic #HireFriday Champion :D Hv a Gr8 week!
ONLY way to make this right WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP
hahah no big deal :)
For those concerned about gender equality at the : just left an accidentally all-female meeting--1 writer, 3 editors, 2 checkers.
... & this world will see... I WAS HERE
QOTD, from Health Affairs via Katie Smith: “Policy makers may need to take more of a leadership role in determining affordability."
Loved McAlister's
I got a iguana for a pet!
During your offer, provide solutions to any potential objections that may arise as well. This will fortify the close.
Say what you wanna say. Cause i don't give a fvck anymore !!
Interesting. All my friends and family seem to be going through simultaneous twitter fatigue.
Stay tuned for series of local Women's History Month events
#muchlove to all our followers! thanks for getting us to 400 strong!!
I'm getting 360 points. :)
Dear haters, first off you should know that I'm writing this with my middle finger<3
Mt. Charleston was absolutely AMAZING today! We were finally able to feel Fall temps!
I'd do "as punishment for" - DvL
thx for article. Reads as damage control though. Going from 40 to 51 AA students of 3k still not good. (cc )
Nars Schiap nailpolish back in stock! Allure Magazine editors choice pick!
Be daring. Celebrate your mother today!
Good morning Seattle. Something about the sun hitting downtown just makes me smile.
lol kofi kingston is ugly. is the best lookin guy in wwe history right now
My cat is trying to teach me to open the front door. He must think I'm stupid because I never do.
I go of to "Party"
Why I don't worry about my hair? Because, in 3 months ill be able to put it in a pony tale again -_- lol my hair be growing too fast!!
Our quote was "Be you in all your uniqueness" :) "Be you in all your uniqueness" - and <U+2665>
Too many graduate labs with white noise levels set to the loudness level of pain, makes me cringe at your statement.
You guys I'm scared! I take my behind-the-wheel test tomorrow at 9:30! May the lord be with me <U+E41D>
I'm celebrating it in Miami, FL with my brother and my mother is coming over soon! So happy... ;)))
#waystomakemehappy talk about Eminem.
Never Met Him, Talked To Him, Seen Him In Concert.. But I Still Have Endless Love For , he's a caring, sweet individual.
That's BS. STOP!!
If you are still on the fence about signing up...there are 9 spots left in the half marathon!
do u know y the power went out?
May 18 - mark your calendars.
-- money will spent!
My life is all about being good to others and not being an asshole. I have no time for meanies, no matter who they are.
Kimora Lee Simmons & Family Splash About in St. Barts (PHOTOS) Who said you had to spend Christmas in the snow? Kimora Lee Simmons soak
yea I know I hardly get on
Not sure how a hoodie can get my son killed. This honestly has to be the most ignorant comment I have heard thus far.
Me! : Raise your hand if you are the only one Tweeting from your #SuperBowl party and nobody else understand why.
anytime my friend!
thanks for the follow!!
acv the good kind. really. I promise.
The should just let and have a good 'ole fashioned street fight to see who the starting QB should be.
i think i forgot some words there. lol.
Where you gonna go?
I've hit them all, even had cheeses from Green Dirt Farm. Woodyard is a hidden gem (or it was).
Earthquake! 5:34am - Just felt a short but strong shake while having my morning cuppa.
Fun Fact of the Day - A bird requires more food in proportion to its size than a baby or a cat!
• You don't already have a girl? shocking.
Its a problem when sings music you've never herd so much you learn the words and sing along with her<3
Shaved Ice <3
I dont know who I am anymore, never once have I been real but I've never been this close before
Iced coffee. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
your beyond beautiful with or without make up I know one day a Guy will appreciate your true beauty inside and out(:
Purple Lounge Parent Media Corp Looks to Acquire The Poker Channel
He's barely breathing. RT Duncan Keith has not been the same since the sixth time he lost he teeth.
Additionally, I just can't help but like that Blake Shelton.
Oof. I did. I hope it turns into an annual event!
Could we get a link to that?
“: "old people click, young people like". Period. #pasummit”
Stocking up on fish at Joon. Gotta love a good fishmonger.
Day 2 of US National Team Trials. Both our guys in the finals. So far so good.
Congrats to my man on putting on his dancing shoes!
About to kick her right in her 2 piece Doug! : D
night all - back to school tomorrow for me....
Kevin Boyer,Joe Dever,Mike Mason,Mark Murray,James Crawford,Mike Newton,Myles Hamilton,Kevin Craighead,Matt Anzalone
Yo mama's so dumb, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept
Good Morning, sunshine. A new day to spring forward.
wow fuck this
Washington County, you feel like home.
#IWantToHave some ice cream
"The cathedral that is Yankee Stadium belongs to a chapel"- Vin Scully in #ForLoveoftheGame Whoever wrote that knows Vin
happy mother's day to all the mothers everywhere.
I have been and I have been sitting over my steamer for like a day The congestion is finally getting better! I need ThroatCoat!
Seriously just slapped some paint on my toes on the train platform.
Has anyone tried using linux with the Intel G45M chipset?
the heat have shot more free throws this quarter than some teams shoot in a game smh
Your new hairstyle
Today........ May or may not be a good day.
Need a place to stay in Vegas?? Get "dibs" on great rooms!
well it makes me even more excited than i was.
OKC ALL DAY
Enjoyed "Roadhouse Blues" by The Doors on Pandora
no advice on this situation I'm afraid. I'm praying for a QPR miracle. Not expecting one though for the record.
Just tapped Sound Humulo Nimbus Imperial IPA.
Could be a big day....
yeah that douche.. Not the first time he's done something like that
#onedirectionquote Harry: We Promise at one moment we were all topless.... Together. Aww Harry's so cute ^.^
Thanks for the tw-love!!
please watch it:( I need my pens to win.
#Obama touts his #highered feats: grads now pay only 10% of monthly income on #studentloans. No more #Romney jabs?
RIP Steve Jobs. #isad my iPhone is home. Thxs for your visions.
yes Micah, I'm sure. Haha
My Bday party was pretty siik,, now time for some recuperating
Got crushed today flipping and set over set. Stopped on the way home for Guinness and Hookah. More enjoyable when you pretend it costs $1200
it was so great to meet you at #SXSW - we must reconnect so I can tell you more abt what we do for our customers.
Ugh! I need a ginger ale
Katy Perry/SnoopDogg to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement & theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song "Cali(fornia) Girl" Stay tuned 4 details!
yeah, I've been there...never enough to get me to take pred-but you should be totally fine. It's longer runs that are trouble.
The DJ played Chasing The Sun!! Yeaaahhhh baby!! :D
God i want this week to be over with! Its only Monday -___-
If Your Not Following Mc Eiht Then Your Just Not #West Enough "Which Way Iz West" And Brand New #CMW Album Co ...
thanks for the opportunity!
cool i just got back from the shower
when will you be home again??
Folks, I'm concerned might not have caught the first flight out of Louisville. Can anyone please advise?
didn't realize Jermaine Paul who won "The Voice" was THE Jermaine Paul. he deserves his shot so much. dude been putting in WORK.
My laugh is like La La La La La La La <U+E420>
Thanks Reynold! I feel bad 4 Sanchez, not sure how Tebow will fit in RT : Great stuff. That Sanchez story interesting
I heard that will be on the campus today. Is it true and where are you guys?!
“: Awesome workout! Perfect way to start the day!” Perfect way to prepare for tonight with for celebrations!
Huge thank you to Katie, Nicole, & everyone that donated on behalf of the OMGs! That much closer to World Finals!
giiirrrl me and the rev. Mother drove past today. And someone illparked in the front and I had no where to park
Days like these i want to close my eyes an sleep it off.
You should take Cop to Prospect Park 1 time before you go back to the motherland. Even if he picks a fight, let him have his day.
We hope you love visiting our city as much as we love having you here!
Just drove through my first storm in Tampa. How bout that drainage system?? Lol. Almost took one of each animal for the ark on 275.
Downtown Indy crowds: Try Mass Ave or Fountain Square for fun without the crowd.
You gotta get your beauty sleep! Not saying you need it...the beauty part. You need some hot tea before bed and a good book.
Big game tomorrow vs Chicago Fire PDL...heard some good things about , let's see what they are all about.
I'm at the Hospital Security Conference, learning about new ways to manage staff and patients securely, add metal detectors, and badging.
#github a repository promoting building/forking of discrete data collections. useful for #DPLA especially if there's API for public curation
Fuckkk You just ruined my day..
Pooping so much in Racine right now. Fitting.
#Favmoviequote .... I must participate in this trending topic.
I'm lovin, living, learning
Rockin to my nigga "Poetic Justice:Love & War" sippin sum Rossi....relaxation at its best!
I saw a few mentions of this, but you two got me to actually go look. I tried it. :-)
Quick to bust a tear
yes it is!! Haha also the hardest sport!
Walking on Cloud 9....
haha! Good to hear from you, I LOVE the store! Keep it up you two! Nice music too ! XO
"follow this and you'll get this many followers!! it worked for me!!:D #stfu that's a piece of #bullshit -.-
I think I'm in love with my best friend Sammy!?!? How could this happen I mean Sammy is amazing funny cute wow he is perfect for me! :)
My own experience has taught me this: if you wait for the perfect moment when all is safe and assured it may never arrive. -Maurice Chevalie
It<U+0092>s easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission. - Proverb
RT : Thanks 2everyone saying they can't wait for my show to air,its almst time!! La La's FULL COURT LIFE premiering on VH1 on Aug 22nd
Yes Lawson!
and I live for you calling the radio show last season ;) RT : BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOTZZ I LIVE 4 U
If your service business relies on renewals, offering your customers an annual “free checkup” is a great way to retain their business.
We vote for this Joint!!!!
all of your preshis red coats getting slaughtered, come again we will slaughter you to fucko, and your whole race
Happy hour till 8 tonight. Stop in for a 5$ Sazerac.
Daiyonmusic up and running check it out doing good overseas
My shoes, not his shorts.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. ~Albert Einstein
The fact that a guy is singing Britney Spears on The Voice...lol
Roses are red Candles are lit Dude, your face... I like that shit
Feel like DeMarcus is trying to get the first-ever quadruple-double with pts, rebs, to's and techs.
ha! you ready to move brotha?
Didn't see the #Zenyatta news. Just got internet at home yesterday afternoon. But back in business today.
LADIES SPLASH IN TO COLOR WITH SPLASH TEE AND TANKS STARTING AT 7.99 NO THATS A DEAL
that was a beast for sure. Couldn't put it down once I started. It edged out Joes's by a narrow margin. Fries were good too.
Happy birthday, !
yeeeaaahhh. i got one
Ah shucks!! Thank you!
I will!
If you like to cuddle before and after sex..
My sub-teacher look like da short funny guy off of hangover
I don't know which is more interesting - the fact that there is an entire catalog for conference lanyards or that I'm on their mailing list.
No expectations, no disappointments.
Had a fun time with Miss Bonnie this morning...now it's time for Miss Meagan's shoot! yay!
Teenage bliss after seeing Channing Tatum on the red carpet
One of my favorites, but a D ticket attraction!
Inspiring visionaries loved our meeting xoxo!
UFO Ensemble @ The Kosmos tonight. It's gonna be a great evening, AND Tractor Brewery's serving up goodies on tap! Hurray!
starting to think all the best #photographers are obsessed with Dr Pepper
Finally got my official acceptance letter today for the Interpreting program, yay! (:
That quote came courtesy of Mr. Dupri via Global 14,if you're not a lifer, you have no swag :-)
this one girl in my class says, "im the biggest jordan hootzigreuter fan there is and you know it!" <-- um, 'hootzigreuter'?
Vanessa Hudgens: Maxine Boutique Beauty - GossipCenter.com
Shit! I forgot to get change to do laundry...heading back out the door.
so does anyone feel that we skipped a season?
Private pilates classes only $45 each or $400 for 10 sessions! Certified, experienced instructors!
Who Loves Me??
I agree with RT : q2) why a discrepancy between curating and creating, create when needed, curate when needed, eh?
Neon Venus Art Theater TONIGHT 10:30pm. IMPROV!! 2 for 1 deals on tics! 7023 Melrose Ave. Tonight will be funny...at least I think so.
im gonna attack you! #reunion #ivemissedmybestie <U+E418><U+E418><U+E418><U+E418>
“: Am i the only 1 who thinks tweets are so real ?” :-)
Favorite color?:)
Unfortunately the snaps could not redeem the shirt's many shortcomings.
did u gt that Cologne
no there are woods behind there
"In the morning I'll be with you / But it will be a different kind / I'll be holding all the tickets / And you'll be owning all the fines"
Im going to rewatch it and let you know if I see it any where else and in ep4 to. I will keep you posted.
TSOI-NY is @ Santos catching THE GODFATHERS.
You make the world a better place by making yourself a better person | Scott Sorrell
that sucks ._.
I miss the days when movie villains were old men who spoke slowly from dark corners.
Rise n grind
RT : Heading to an afternoon #Rockies game. Lets hope they can win one!
CALL ME MAYBE. xoxo RT : things like this tweet make me love you even more lol
Good advice. MT Don’t wait until #conference time to check in w/your child’s
One pin Rodney!
Insufficient amount of bicarbonates in our blood reduces our body's capability to manage, neutralize and dump acid wastes.
I've uploaded my manuscript for Been There, Done That for printing. I should have my first proof in a couple of weeks.
Both Of Us Remix<21
So refreshed! Sunday cleaning and outdoor shenanigans :)
I think I even heard them say "1-800" I there somewhere. Sounds like a Tonka truck commercial or something.
miss you already
Thank you for the #FF last Friday... we have been in intense long tech this weekend. Just came up for air. :)
Do ever misunderstand....I love and support local companies...but #TeamHM and the #GenX movement is working towards GLOBAL now :)
auditions for Eurydice at Live Arts tonight @ 7p!
In DUMBO for book launch of 's Social Media. Volume ed Michael Mandiberg name-checks
Many molds can cause health effects. They produce allergens, irritants and, sometimes, toxins that may cause adverse reactions in humans.
thank you so much! I love you!:)
So nervous and anxious!
Good news! My ipod headphone jack wasn't broken, just packed with lint. Easily fixed with a paper clip! Have I mentioned I'm a genius?
All I wanna do today is read, watch PGA, finish a project, sweep my floors, and do my exercises.
Even ninjas have to wait to go through airport security.
That was yesterday, today is another day! Go forward and dont look back not even to see your own ass taking off, its the best advice i got
Thank you participants! Congratulations to for winning this week. A giftcard if all yours! See ya next week!
Miller Time!!!
Hm... Mad swag! xD
My 1,000th tweet goes to ..Thank you so much for being such an inspiration and just being GRAND!! :) RT? you'd make my life:)
I never get mad at bitter people because they end up losers in life so I just sit back and laugh.
I love the way that talks about his daughter <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> great Man
#BoBNow speaker, Kirk Rossberg to appear on TLC's TV Show "Fabulous Cakes" tomorrow!
Robert Caro doesn't speak of power: he talks about "aspects of power".
*Sigh* Last day of spring break. I wish it went out with more of a bang, but not so much. I'm hungry ...
When in doubt... blame Archtics. Kidding of course.
Number one thing learned from seeing Death Cab for Cutie live last night: The Walt Disney Hall bar doesn't carry Tequila!
why should it be? I was talking about a shirt I would like. And I will I just haven't gotten around to it yet
Today is Campus Work Day after church from 1-3p. Dress casual for church, grab lunch, and meet back at 1p. Bring your own tools, gloves, etc
A small business can take a solid 7 years to develop. A musical career is no different!
- not that impressed with this one but thx just the same.
I want to get a tattoo. What's the Japanese symbol for "I'm going to regret this in ten years"?
good luck, hope you get a great deal! I was looking for some vehicles for upcoming vehicle comparison posts, thanks.
I miss dat Hispanic booty so much I can practically smell da enchiladas :)
reading MLK's "Why Jesus Called Man A Fool"...
When you consider a #socialmedia solution spend more time investigating the customer service and consulting skills than the software.
Y'all follow Now !
I love #MobWives! I'm totally on Drita's side.
i would have done the same haha, its saturday & 6:35pm :]
Thank you Autismate! Your app looks amazing!
Hey Stod, how's life back out this way and the new going?
Good thing you said, "Just sayin." Otherwise I wouldn't have realized that you were saying that thing you just said.
This Mango Good.
11/4/2010 Blog Marketing: To Do Or Not to Do? Business Unusual
we have the HEAT in the kitchen! Let's go Miami!
Parents wire kids to prove teachers' verbal abuse - BusinessWeek
#edcocp Time is an important part of all networks, social & semantic. Change is interesting. Center/periphery, Dense/Sparse.
Different vibe than the housewarming, but we're expecting a good crowd and a fun time. See you there?
Your new song Stupid Ho is...STUPID!
#oomf forgot about me doe <U+E411> he said he wouldn't <U+E408>
Good hike today, got some ice cream, a movie and kettle corn.
When u go to vegas u lose everything and when u lose everything you sell ur hair to a wig shop
ha! i left at the principal giving his daughter the pink beret. MUCH farther than when I left Max at the tattoo artist.
Good to communicate, but at some point you have to stop watering a dead plant.
one more thing, im going to be interviewed with MTV Friday ;D okay goodnight <333
To clarify, the FIFTH person with the correct answer will win the prize pack!
...then a yawn, a head rub and a swat as I leave...her room, now.
the hell I do! This is my bosses phone. I haven't had actual buttons since '09
funny! How are things? I want to make it to the this year...
hahaha yes we are don't lie too me suga
The people I work with >>
Our twitter avatars should make babies.
Don't tell anyone or you'll be just another regret
thanks! Love you SO much!!
Hey it's no problem, hope you and your family get better :)
which one(s) did you try?
Really chick? You dont know know nothing about the situation! Dont act like you do cuz you dont!
Firing up the playlist I've used for this book since it began for the copyedits.
Snow this weekend..
Wow. That sucks: appears to be down. Can't even raise the home page, all my links are dead. Sorry to my readers!
Sell Your House Creatively Sometimes selling your home is easy. Other times, it is a real pain in the rear. Your home can sit on the mark
Smh some of you are talking about being successful but you're high everyday. How do you plan on getting successfull if you're high and lazy
I'm more afraid of not having any. RT #Actors, this is important stuff! Take a look & don't be afraid of your money!!
I just used Google Maps to plan my workout route.
I have finals coming up soon so its study time for me :/ Distract me? Lol good luck on your finals!!:-)
RT : You are amazing and beautiful and a creature of UNLIMITED potential! <<Ahh, you've been talking with my mom again.
I love the song Super Luv by JUDGE ME.
Dempster's pitching for the #Cubs today. The only way they could score fewer runs for him is to dip into negative numbers.
Every heterosexual woman and homosexual man is going to see Magic Mike opening day. (June 29th)
not much, but enough to survive. Are you getting my sleep at all? Hope you get enough rest to return to work! Ha!
says women leaders my support women leaders.
Send it into overtime !!!!! Please!!!!
Thanks to for playing our new sing(le) "Gong Xi, We Are Happy" last night!
No Prince rule, but I almost ALWAYS play one tune from The Purple one when I DJ a gig.
Keep it up RT : Holy hits Mariners <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
‘Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.’ ~Seneca
Life is great!
is killing me!
We were so worried about you.
#Word! Show the real you when the going = tough! #Persevere RT "Anyone can steer a ship when the sea is calm." - Harvey Mackay
Carmelo man u know what it is put him in that situation NCAA championship
Having trouble finding the schedule for the Amer Antiquarian Society's mting on Research Libraries in the Digital Age. Help?
Looking frwrd 2 it“: Check out the CNN doc "72 hours under fire" on our journey into and covering #Syria. Airs Sun @ 8 pm ET"
Or that all things work together for good to those who love God, who ;
thanks Sharen. spread the word! and how are you? RT : Wow, Gail, what a fun new venture! Congratulations.
. make that same argument to me in November on the morning after the election. Or after the Super Bowl.
uh no, I remember as well:)
thank you! and I know, omg he's perfect.
My boyfriend just left, I'm sad)))))):
“: man came back into my life at the perfect time... love her positive energy!!” LOVE YOU NEYA!!
hey Brooke, do you mind emailing me? I'd like to really talk to you. when you get the chance.
Countdown to Puerto Rico; 6 weeks 6 days <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
We unfortunately had to cancel for Wednesday's Beachland show w/ Hank & Cupcakes; however, our friends The Sleeps will now be opening!
Why is Justin Bieber trying to sound like the Ying Yang Twinz?
That's a good thing, right? Wish I could say that ever!
Haha, exactly! I'm gonna chalk it up to an elderly driver ;)
Just gave my son his first haircut, a buzz on #5, without mom's knowledge. I think I may be in trouble.
So loving Adele's new album!! <U+E326>
I don't see #Haiti as a top trending term on Twitter. What a shame. I hope this changes before the day is over.
Loving 's Future of Social CRM presentation. So many overlaps between this & community management!
RT : OH: "Oh sh*t - I just realized I have one month to eat 6 Quiznos."
last week, had interesting disc abt term #ICT vs #IT - which is more popular? depend location? yr thoughts
race me still
Just bought a mega-millions lottery ticket using jersey numbers. Better bring me luck !
People are the MOST annoying creations that God ever created. More annoying than ants.
Just learned that your Cowboys will be featuring Dan Connor at LB now. Connor and Lee together again.
listing to god i love you(; <3
Faried was actually dazed from the smell of sh*t emitted from Kobe's shorts.
I don't wanna get up. :(
Good news: All the sources exist.
I guess you answered my question. Thank you for the article, very interesting!
you definitely should come! It's going to be crazy awesome!
What is so exciting about tomorrow?
Are you going to say "IT'S TIME!!" in Japanese 144? That'd be pretty cool! :-) Cannot wait for the weekend!
dam all my new York teams lost today what the hell is really going on in new York ?????
CHECK YOUR MAIL KIDS!
This is a NEW type of last minute for Anderson's objectives
Al-Mutanabbi Street in Baghdad, bombed on March 5, 2007, was remembered by poets and artists tonight Library
wow. people suck.
Let's go Green Bay!!
I want to add you but I'm not sure what your xbox live gamertag is? :)
hey jeddings we can give u an oil change are you in san jose?? email me at
Your Welcome! :-) Followback?
The refs are just giving this game to the yotes bullshit
STREET CLOSURES! Avoid the area around Prudential Center & Washington Park Fri Mar 16 10a-3p due to St Pattys Day Parade! PLAN AN ALT ROUTE!
Scotch eggs and onion soup will cure any long day! And the good beer and service always help :)
packing for Hawaii & California, excited to get away for a week <3
I fax everyday. This is great information and a great website. Thanks
British porn star Holly Wellin -- who, according to Wikipedia, is
Happy President's Day! Do something presidential today!
i love mondays .
holy sh*t Chuck Brown passed away omg omg
/ Excellent! I will be sure to DM you when we get our alpha launched. If you like hashtag play, this'll knock your socks off!
Thanks for the RTs
That was hilarious!!!
Idk what's worse.. this game or talmbout how fine she think #KB is...
Nothing like a visit to San Diego with your children to renew your interest in life!
The Clippers have the NBA's dirtiest player (Reggie Evans), biggest flopper (CP3) AND most overrated player (Blake Griffin).
Saw Avengers, it was great, that is all. (with )
I'm losing everything that matters the most and it's going to be a rocky year.
The more of a mess you are the more attracted I are.
Thanks. We have a reporter and a photog in Orange right now, going to stay night in Beaumont. Might go to High Island tomorrow.
Much mahalo's for creating such a WONDERFUL product!!! I <3 it!!! ;)
doubt it xD
i miss you 2. My project going very soon out, i am very stoked..I send you link when my video be done.;) Say hello to all firends
BLEACH IS ON TUNE IN NOW!!!
ty! (and why does Twitter keep unfollowing you, dang it?)
Back at you. I only have MichUltra Lime at the house and won't dare #tweers you with that.
About where i started. 14k. Slow going
you are so amazing! Best singer ever :) can you please follow me? its my birthday on the 23rd...<U+2764> please follow!! #Mahomie 5
added #TEAMBEATALLYALL to my profile ...
Less than an hour to go!! Come out to Tilting Kilts with DEPsi at Tilted Kilts and meet our Zeta class and play the various activities w ...
Our last alumni week event is a forum for our alumni to share their insights into life after Juilliard
Looking for a #retail #corporate #job in
things are looking really good for Season's Beatings this weekend!
thanks glad u like it. like my facebook page =] www.facebook.com/gstatus763
RT : Good news: The threatening mass has largely dissipated. May be some rain, but appears as if most of precip will slide south
at the Padres game - please give frequent but informative updates!
please!! I'm would watch that religiously :P if only Tripp van der Bilt and Father Smythe could do a spinoff together :)
Beginning our second day of scanning shortly.
Hey everyone please make sure to continue to give me support, and make sure you follow me on twitter
I won't ignore you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Garage sale tip: masonry tools sell better than ethnographies.
Where would you shop if money were no object?
Obama: "The debate about the role and size of government has been with us since our founding days"
Teachers and Parkrose School District meeting again will they settle a contract or not ?
lol like on our bus rides? Cx
Don't worry we'll draft WRs on Day 3 & they're gonna b great gunners on the punt team! & pick up a washed up WR in free agency
Off to put the little monkey to bed. BBL
RT When I got it, I give. When they got it, they give. But together We live!!
heartbroken? You've got a foot,
and I will be sharing a pork chop sandwich. :) is here too.
: Pro communicators must become more transparent and develop trust within our networks.
Bus rides<<<
Which insect didn't play well in goal ?The fumble bee !
me too. I haven't seen it yet!
S/O to my girl She's graduating today & I'm so proud of her.
Think outside the box....think big,dream big!!! Use your wildest imagination!!!
Big school full of fake bitches!
i think you need to see a doctor, shitting that frequently is not normal . . .
i finished this morning man good luck
I apologize for the lack of couponage. You can blame it on a powder day in Mammoth. For 17.99 off a new system type in POWPOW
completes my life. Thank you Jake<3
THIS tweet -> RT Casting my vote for the Cory Booker/Elizabeth Warren 2016 ticket in advance, and also in my fever-dreams
Sometimes i wish didn't have as many twitter followers because then it wouldn't be so hard to get noticed
My former employer was petrified of #linkedin #facebook #twitter - - - I shared your article w/ others still there :-0)
Get the fuck out
No going back now. Be sure to check out the $.99 books too - some real gems in there. Pass along any recommendations!
“: it sad Shoutout lol” wow -.- I epically fail on my part lol
. Bummed San Diego's isn't unique! What is our Mark Twain connection, anyway? Or was it just that he liked waffles?
I am impressed you remember the date. All I know for me it was summer around 10 years ago.
My roommate and I are heading down there tonight! (I know, I'm exciting) It's been a long while since I've been there.
ur so beautiful
#NationalPancakeDay sure puts a wrench in my no super processed foods #Lent fast.
it was so cool and really wierd. Thai House XPress in SF..haha
Egg whites, no fat cheese, Irish oatmeal and a banana...what a great way to start your day...YUMMY!
How to do the ending you suggested for the dual reality coins just popped into my head. Thanks for the idea!
#TEAM134 ENOUGH SAID
JOIN THE FUCKING CLUB i learned on the 13th
Impromptu drive home, excited to see the fam!
thatz my bro rite there lol i might be a girl but i play exbox and all that and i love playing mw2 :) yeahh buddy
Fricking outrageous I have to fill out a Captcha to unsubscribe from an email list I never signed up for in the first place.
Yo... srsly... what's up w/that Kennedy family curse?
- welcome beautiful
It's hilarious that Denver is gonna win their division
According to Maslow, it would have been shelter and clothing. When your're cold and starving, sex is not a pressing need.
Oh man, we don't wanna make you feel that way. Is there something we can do to help?
“: Let's talk about this "Break The Spell" Tour...I'm super excited about it” Listening to Ghost of Me right now!
Bloomberg tells NY it’s about health and fire safety hazards & safeguarding park for ‘leisure recreation.’ Lame lame lame.
How about Tom Lehman?! RT : #whodoyoulove Friday ... cheering for ya in the British Open this weekend!
shop till you drop Jazmin, ship until you drop.
Mexico was brightest today - when we scored to go up 2-0 I told my wife we needed a third goal...Individual and team brilliance for Mexico
3 New Photos up! Woo!
We are now running a special #photography rate - $50 per hour! Contact us for details soon :)
Thank you so much for your insights today, Melissa, they are VERY helpful and to the point! Gave me a direction - Tanks!!
Special thanks to Tyler Rivenbark for bringing (Silence). Refreshing to see non-traditional structures still being developed.
Cannot contain my excitement about seeing and tomorrow.
It does in our book! ^SZ
oh shit all time low on TV!!!
Set up my apple tv, way better than I anticipated!
I'm sorry you. I would call and sing to you but my throat is swollen and I sound like a dying whale. Lol
Going to visit the medical library at Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center today
what does it take to get a retweet from you?
omg thank u so much im so thankful ur the best hahah and
Always be more concerned about what's going on inside of you, instead of what's going on around you.
feel bad for my Mom sleeping in the room next to him lol ok not that bad!
Also note we have an update in the works that will address status updates. Thanks for the feedback!!
she isn't even here.. This is bs
#FF my penis. Because you know you wanna follow that shit all day long.
Good! Now you just need Darker! I haven't read in 3 days! Tonight I'll have a rendezvous with Mr. Grey <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Awww i have on my first shirt i bought of Justin :)
My bad. I forgot where you were way out east. A few beers have already been consumed. Thx for the congrats!
We reconvene on Tuesday. Where in and around NYC would you like to see us play live?
Great to see you guys!
ewww, those are gross.
good shit blake
Happy #St #Patty's day. Celebrate with this #green #emerald #bracelet and take extra 10% off
RTs r my likes RT : LIKE this status if you're planning on buying DEDICATED TO DEADLINES when it comes out on iTunes 11/11/11 :)
The City of SD needs leaders who bring the community together and have vision. Nathan Fletcher is that leader. Nathan Fletcher for Mayor!
Congrats on the PR!
Lmao I Just Remembered That It's April Fool's Day xD
My favorite movie as a kid was Black Stallion so it's nothing against horses but still...Why a "War Horse?" is this how to beat it to death?
Cami managed to bang her head on the fireplace yesterday while I was gone. I'm gone for less than 48 hrs, & SHE GIVES HERSELF A HEAD INJURY.
RT : First County Bank launches new 10-year mortgage: Last year, nearly 17 percent of all refinanced mortgages were w......
happy Birthday pimp!
is at Miami Beach watching a huge fish chase a school if smaller fish. They keep jumping out of the water. Attracting quite a crowd.
remember if I get a job at NBC one day the epic take over and campaign to get Heroes back begins!
I'm glad you have your scale calibrated accurately
This Christmas food is FIRE!
So funky, I need a shower. This. Yes.
My mom just asked me if 'Devil Wears Prada' was a scary movie. I can't.
Wonder if this means the Dancing with the Stars rumor is true?
Hi Sophie! This is Erika from Team ME answering your question. You don't need Facebook to post on the Welcome Video page.
MWP defensive player of the year 2013
Definitely have met some of the best people I've ever met in my life, in college.
Jack boys ova hea wit dey guns n da air
Howard's wound smaller, healing. Hopes to re-start bball activities in 1 wk. Pence MRI on left shoulder today Ken Rosenthal ()
Is O'Keefe really doing a "Scooby Doo routine"? His monsters turn out not to be real--but they aren't crooked developers either
Is Kimmel really funny? My dog Gipper doesn't think so
Ness says he runs alone cause he probably doesn't have very many friends.. Just got awkward
RT : RT "Each moment spent on this bright blue planet is precious so use it carefully." ~ Santosh...
Fuck.... My moms work is boring AF!!
Going shopping this weekend? For every item on your list, have you edited one corresponding piece from your wardrobe?
"O misshapen chaos of unseeming forms..."
Hang in there!
Good night my little dolls, may you sleep in pieces, muwahahaha
"we serve the people who need money the most"
@ movies seeing this SciFi flick set in the future called. "lockout" should be a good time, I'm also very very Medicated
ON THE ROAD LISTENING TO on iheartradio Q93.S/O TO U
Sex is my favorite activity with one other person.
#alone <<< that's how I feel right now
Thanks for the FF Massimo! RT :
Yo chooches, are we going to Chima out or what?
Add your social network pages to the promotion site on my page if you need hits. :) Works for all.
Ever think of investing in a film?
gonna get a shower and get dressed and hang out with ma homie!
Just gotta pray
I don't care if it hurts. I want to have control. I want a perfect body. I want a perfect soul. I want you to notice when I'm not around.
On my way, darling
When it seems you've lost it all, keep praying, for the answer will come when GOD thinks the time is right.
using tag #aauw09 on my Flickr photos of AAUW convention, Nann is using the same tag on her new Flickr account, username nbhilyard
Scott said Hugo was the best movie he saw all year.
Tonight had a Six Point Bengali Tiger & Virtue RedStreak Cider. Begali, pretty good beer RedStreak - can I invest in this company. Its redic
hope those punches landed on her face
Fisheries biologist to talk about low head dam removal, fishing: MONTEVIDEO — Fisheries biologist Chris Domeier of the Minnesota Depa...
Yesturday, at the school festival = so much fun w/ my bbys , Rodney, James & Alphonse <3
Forget stockpiling for the apocalypse - I've discovered Veranda courtesy of !
yup.. Oh well lol.
Only one more win to move on, boys. Let's go Yo!
I don't want no one other than you.
Thank you Honey!
nope, was at Signature Theatre in Shirlington seeing the Xanadu live stage musical - I loved it and HIGHLY recommend it
Greetings and happy Thanksgiving! I'd like to ask a simple question - Is there one thing that happened this year that you are GRATEFUL for?…
If he has a girlfriend BACK THE FUCK UP! Damn..
oh lord.. tell me about it. -_- it #pissesmeoff I just wanna throw mine against the wall & get the iPhone <3 #goodplan ((;
Irving Berlin's "White Christmas" has been an American favorite for years. What is your favorite Irving Berlin song?
Another god-alien wants to test humankind by pitting me in mortal combat against someone. Sigh.
Alpha K9 U Opening Mid-December! The Launch Party announcements coming soon! Stop by and visit the first of it's kind K9 Facility!
RT : just called me. I must get season tickets. Can't wait until October. AH.
What difference a day makes: Defiance over oppressive taxing sparks revolution, birth of free nation. Heroes. Same beliefs today? Demonized!
All done. Don't fuck with me.
Yes, – which oversees 70+ funds at – knows when a donor designates a gift to more than one area. (1/2)
Just voted my alloted 7x :) RT It's Monday; you know the drill. Please vote. :) 800-868-3405
absolutely done grading for the night...tomorrow its an all day thing...get those papers in by midnight folks...no excuses
No really, this guy is such a good actor that you forget it's him when he plays the parts. I think that's a rare talent.
Slice of the Week: Bay View "The Bangkok Buffalo" Sriracha seasoned chicken breast, Curry, and Fresh Basil.
Some people just need a really good ass whoopin to get their shit straight.
I Love waking up in Vegas. Stay creative and work at your dreams!
Hi Paige, thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, who knows maybe we can even work together???
You went to Rock on 3rd! You brought the bro-dom upon yourself!
thanks Tyson!! Happy New Year!!
i freakinn. Know! :/
My family to expensive
RT: Wisconsin? >> is one great place for
aww laf you too Biancaaa <3 but everyone ignores me and I hate it! -.-
Free social network promotion at the url on my profile. Works great. Would you like to follow 4 follow?
I always do! One of my favorite spots!
Stovall was fun
(AP) -- San Diego Gas & Electric says it won't pay claims filed over last fall's power outage
Never doubt just perform to the best of your ability and help will follow or be a contact away.
"You are the beauty in the dark..."
will do!
HTML5 microdata pretty cool and easy to grasp semantic markup that search engines digest
Same to you ES
#Inspiration4theWay “I pray because I cant help myself..because Im helpless....It doesnt change God- it changes me.- C.S. Lewis
Care free livin
Finished a song today:) its sexy!
4 adults, 4 kids...should be fun though. Went over the layout, plenty of room...kids are all small.
Lmao he's slow. Imma get Jacosha on you!
saddest part is even if it as successful as the city hope it will still cost city tax payers $500K
Warm weather leads to jump in fishing licenses
Hahaha, I'm doing the same thing (minus spa + pho cyclo)
2days in a row i come outside to allow the sun's rays to work on my flu only to look up & c a buzzard circling ovr me. that's just wrong!
Same security company didn't like that I was taking pictures of my own house...
Busy preparing for the St. Stephen's Community House diaper drop off and photo shoot. It will be fun trying to put 3000 diaper's in my car.
havin fun with me fam ganna get ready to go swimming :) !!!
When I cant do something, I get really frustrated, and just give up & I end up crying & thinking im stupid. Anyone else do this?
I was getting sentimental because I was missing the boys, and then this guy got on the plane balancing two car seats and I was fine. Ah..
I do love a productive day! I'm walking on sunshine right now. And I've got such a busy week this week. Plans every night.
Shooting range
“: So I'm locked out of my iPad... now what!” how does that even happen??
“ The more I spend time with you, the more I realize I am doing the one thing I told myself I would never do again...”
In the #InfoCamp session where reveals his identity!
Once we have a direct experience of the inner Light & Sound, we realize that we are not the body but are soul. - Sant Rajinder Singh
"I'm not on reddit for the memes, but they're certainly entertaining". Via Anonymous LA friend.
I know right hahaha suckers we got out of school :)
I am so confused.
So sorry to hear about Donna Summer. I love her music.
Yes, it does.
I was just thinking the same thing! It was great to see the outside world
The English actors in Ip Man 2 make me think, "I want to fight 10 men!"
I've never seen a team get so many quality chances to score and not be able to get at least one goal.
Hi-larious metaphor - the organization as its own nation. Boy, does that resonate w/me!
please please please please talk to !!!!!!
Seeing the #Clippers vs the #Lakers in the Western Conference semifinals would be epic.
Lookaback and Thank God. Look forward and Trust God. Look around and serve God. Look within and find God # Have A Bless Day
RT Thanks Yes. I'm the big 5 -Oh please, can we not mention it anymore? Who cares about the years, besides you only look 34 ;)
Wow. Sounds very Christian!
to merge or not to merge this is the question
Wants to talk to em....
Good job Pack....way to hold em!
LitFuse - Just updated my Twitter page.
no dats ok...im half hispanic...my moms from dominican republic...and my dads from here...
AAARRRGGGGHHHH!!! Does anyone know how to get the tap/tempo on the Roland SPd-s to work!!! POOF!!!!!!
Thanks Skyler! Happy #FF to you!! :
oh I will. I have to met the governor of Virginia on Wednesday as the school mascot and will definitely be teaching him.
In Japan, if you break a law you are ostracized form community and family life. You are dead to society.
Finally got the #Gingerbread update on my #G2 this morning. Thanks, !
Learning from : social media customer service is different than community - manage them accordingly.
RT : In EIGHT DAYS, TX will turn down millions in fed funding and take away repro health care for 130K Texans. To punish
i thought that bats were nocternal
The Band Perry!
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches. - Alice Roosevelt Longworth
It was ugly for awhile - Kansas had their shot. Bad last 2 minutes of basketball from them, but Kentucky defense had no holes
Carey Albertine, "In This Together": dueling conclusions at #kidscreen #ikids - must have established brand vs. no gatekeeper to great ideas
oh, you know...just some early morning push-ups in the office.
Shop is open for a usual Tuesday. 4-7pm. 1726 E. North Ave. Side Door. Thanks to everyone that came out for 4.14 MKE Day. Huge Success!
Alfredsson returns & Silfverberg arrives. What a night! Come on, Ottawa!
; I haven't been to twitter in forever long, like a damn year or something. Hope I don't ever go back lol
Thanks again for supporting the Scot Rite event. Let's have lunch soon!
True friends won't laugh at you for something you think they'd actually laught at.
Can't wait to see tomorrow!
At the movies watching Contraband!
#anthonyhamilton Point of it All just came on my Pandora station for ! guess Jesus' love is the point of it all :-)
Tomorrow is the first big day , right?
Black Label neat or with Sprite?
Worst starts of the year by Brewers pitching that I can remember- ever!
lmao not bald fish bitch !!! Lol
If you get a chance check out the new time line version of our Desert BMW of Henderson "Like" page on Facebook.
Nice view!
Yes brother?
Q 2: #IntDesignerChat If asked to design an outdoor barbeque area, give us some helpful design tips and trends in outdoor area living today.
Goddammit, well played Rose, as always.
You know u tired when you doze off for like 1 second and realize u just drooled
!! RT : Major sticking point will be the budget. Democrats want to spend extra money, Republicans want to save it.
What's the truth???? What is displayed as the truth could very not be the case in certain instances
I have the same issue, really sucks!<U+E337>
cowgirls never had a window to much hype for the unamerican team
hey can u plz follow me it would mean alot
So... I have 4 tickets to the American Idol Finale on May 22nd. Problem... I won't be in Los Angeles to go!
Totally missing the sunglasses in my profile picture!
Wait...I've heard of it but I can't remember what it is?!
my #Autistic son nothing but my #adhd son took different like focalin n depakot. Im not sure of the spelling.
no are you?
Cool Motorbikes images pty ltd :)
Tilda Swinton is the greatest actress alive. But I think she will go overlooked by that particular establishment again
Yes mama.. See you then “: Dreaming!!!! So u cmg on Sunday”
I unfollowed you cause you were tweeting about the thunder who I can't stand? lmao.
Have you seen yet? They are doing amazing work already!!! new show up opening the 22nd!
Women should keep condoms on them to !!
Norfolk St is about to blow my bracket all the way up
If you need a pair of pants, I've have an extra pair of 's you can borrow.
Rip Trayvon Martin
Would u consider writing about EFL textbooks an the attrocities ?
your such a buttmuncher. Yeah i just called u the 'b' word. deal with it.
you know what's funny.... has been running for prez for almost 8 years and he *just* defeated Rick Santorum.
Talking about my Spain trip to co-workers. One said: "Anyone who thinks New York is the city that never sleeps has never seen Madrid".
Bout to just read a book. Toodles
Should I be proud or embarrassed that I knew where this came from?
Just following up on this. Thanks for your help! :)
Somebody please come to my rescue (& don't forget to pick up a bottle of red wine beforehand)
Just learned what a retweet is.
lil waynes how to love is better
Hey, thanks for the #FF! I trust NYC is treating you well?
I forgot but yesterday when I was outside I saw a guy flying a Nazi kite, really wtf dude?
Hey where are you? We are tweeting and need #twexperts... Need #retweet assistance.
If you'll put your worries in God's hands, He'll put His Peace in your heart!
Annoyed AF, I'm gonna punch this girl
hahahahahaha. By the way, I'll be in NYC week of the 21st. We should kack it.
Never make the same mistake twice or you'll never get around to all of them. -Unknown Author
Rickie Weeks is hitting .164! I'm sorry, but that's just not acceptable. When does RR put him on the bench?
I loved it! <U+E405>
So true. RT It's a venti kind of morning! will shake is head in disappointment! (@ Starbucks)
I'm do glad you saw it. I'm friends with too many students to tweet it. Oprah on a jet ski with Jesus in space.
How bout them #PACERS!
luv that Floral and Hardy!
Reference task of the day: creating a list of restaurant suggestions for my roommate. Complete with links to menus & cash vs. credit cards
Thanks for the follow! Much appreciated!
Please follow me,it would means the world (:
It's game week. New season. New avatar for ArodsBelt. Feel free to compliment on my graphic design skills.
he did not call in sick he is there... my east coast sis is watching the show and he is there!!!
Submissions are trickling in...don't be the last one to get yours in! November 1st is FINAL DEADLINE
Say something, if you're feeling the vibe, say something, baby don't be shy.
So... What are you doing New Year's Eve?
Prom is on a boat. #cantwait (x
Love seeing all these tweets about how the "guys at rock!" but if I had to guess, I would say SMG was a smoking hot blonde.
You got my mind all screwed up over here.
thanks, tedi... i suppose you are right about the history books... this will be one of those pivotal moments for good or bad.
S Club, gonna show you how.
By the way POTUS is on
Haven't been on lately, finals next week so next friday I'll be on all day :)
As told by ginger >
Good morning #DLFForum!
Upgrade your #Vegas experience with our penthouse & balcony suites www.bluechipvegas.com
We wont be carrying Manning's jersey but we do carry great clothes that will fit you if you are built like a football player!
Niggas come & go.....I still dgaf
Now my throat hurts :((
yes but why would i need hoes!
Yikes... Sigur Ros tickets going for $125. We'll see as the date gets closer.
Thank you for the RT! Enjoy your weekend:)
you're welcome.
Willie Matis (Willie_Matis) thanks for the follow.
First church service tonight on campus! Come join The River SDSU at 7pm in Cholula Hall!
Full Metal Jackal
Great chat with this morning a/b how karma is the new kurrency.... & the "hipster graphics" in 2.0 :)
RT: we played a drinkin game whenI said drink we drank..ended up on coffee table singin part of ur world saying he was my prin ...
What I said ;)
ahh man this guy!! U said u was gon come down lol.. Where u gona be at this summer? You and
“: You look badass driving that Mustang.”
no im not watching the jennifer aniston marathon on lifetime...............
Race tightening and , starting to follow tweople. They're quite interested in your thoughts BEFORE election.
I wonder if DOLL's HOUSE reordered something so fundamental that we no longer understand just how it was before he wrote it.
Or it's because I haven't seen my winkie in two bloody years! Long enough to declare it clinically dead!
Yay to waking up! I hope my further insights are useful to you as well. :)
Thank you Koko! :)
when you want the next time to be.
How's it going New Jersey?!(:
novels in 140 characters. I like that! Makes you get to the point! Does each character have their own feed though?
Gotcha. And his longtime former partner Mary Sweeney lived around here too, right? That's the connection I heard.
Makin my own synths
you never Tweet me,please make this the day where you Tweet me<3
talked to a manager and a technician should be here in the next 3 hrs...better than the "7am-5pm" window tomorrow.
#MessageToMyHaters I just want you to know, I'm doing so god :)
so how can you help me in that innovative biz launch? I've no exposure of VCs etc. I'm not from USA... How can you help me?
Not a problem my man. I know you will get to it and I appreciate it.
I'm not crazy & I don't act crazy lol
Just found out what SheWee's are......
Just got done reading your book loved it. Your show is what got me in to the paranormal
you too
ABC have crossed the line. Their sensationalism has compromised justice and divided a nation. For what? Ratings?
How are you doing on your New Year's resolutions? Consider this your quarterly reminder to get on that!
If someone doesn't appreciate you for who you are, then someone else will.
JESSE ST. FUCKING FLAWLESS JAMES!!!!!!
Thanks very much.
we should be fine as long as I'm not at the game ... I'm the jinx in the family ..
Do you feel pinioned by the amount of homework you have? Quiz & reading chapter 24 for tomorrow. Don't feel remorse due to falling behind!
I'm pretty sure Joe Oliver is not going to receive any family reunion invitations this year.
Haha! Yes! I approve!
yikes, my apologies, I assumed that you were talking about SSL Cert when you mentioned "renew my" and "SSL Cert"..
FOLLOW & they follow back im sure
Welcome, Daryle! #reverb11 RT : Just discovered ! Very excited for the journey -
Pillow forts are also helpful for migraines.
that's cuz your a gangsta. Gangsta's don't need sleep.
right? im a little bit obsessed right now.
addicted to glamour
u know it!!
Tournament time always good for making new contacts! RT : Finally making some guy friends up here in DC
At 6:00 on #7News, the latest on amber alert for 4 month old child. Believed to be with father who's suspect in triple murder.
see you in a bit homies!
Mastered new projects for both Grace Stiles and My Friend Franklin yesterday, along with various singles... today, more mastering on tap.
You can never earn in the outside world more than you earn in your own mind - Anna Williams
im dm ing u the address
Thanks so much for your vote to #PreserveNYC! Tell us in a tweet: why does this place matter to you?
Jesus heals. Jesus saves. Jesus redeems. Nothing else comes close.
#ihateitwhen peoples tweets are so #fucking annoying
Don’t trust too much. Don’t love too much. Don’t hope too much. Because that too much can hurt you so much. </3 I love E.S
whats at washington park
Feb.14th. Valintines day AMANDA PEREZ live inside electric company Feb.23rd. S.A. THUGS 3 in stores
Keep ya head up, o child things are gonna get easier o child things are gonna get brighter
Maybe i'll get to go home because it's raining #iHope D;
Thanks guys for the follow! Much appreciated! :-)
Life is Divine Chaos. Embrace it. Forgive yourself. Breathe. & Enjoy the ride<U+2665>
A Special Good Morning to all the Dancers out there!
close one but we pulled through, rondo with the triple double no surprise there
20 days until Christmas and 27 days until 2012.
Dudes that were so ugly bck in the gap > but cutee now!
Crazy how much a nap can make you feel 10 times better...
Any chance of getting the cranberry porter in cans? Or anywhere on tap in Baltimore/DC?
randomly found it in the UWM Library collection. Score!
And the heat lost,ohh how sweet it is.,However #Yankees u let me down once again.
Maybe I'll catch you all next week!
Hey man, it was great meeting you yesterday. Thanks for your time, and for your advice/feedback on AirPay. I really appreciate it.
Sick today.
Moving out tonight from my dorm, time has definitely flown by
Free parking in Downtown Hollywood!!!
sweet ;D
Hahaa, Tweetinq on my WII!!! Lol xD it feels weird.... O.o
#WhatIMissMost looking in2 them deep brown eyes at the look on your face rite after I cum up 4 air n start 2 penatrate n u push away monein
Woo-hoo! All taxes filed (Fed & TWO states).
RT if you dnt give a fucc. Now go slap a BITCH. (BITCH in this sentence unisex)
Go FOLLOW !! Get him 200k followers!! RT!
good job E!
Love the #bromance going on between and on #theVoice #LovesIt!
where r u then?! Lol
definitely! where's this date gonna take place?
We've been really quiet the last few weeks. Make no mistake though, tomorrow is going to be a big day :)
Honestly, if you say "mum" and you're from America you need to stop.
oh shitttt! Who???!!
Carolyn Campbell of the UK's QAA to speak at CHEA's Annual Conf. and Intl. Seminar: www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010_ACIS_Final.asp
My gift for my anniversary was fitting for me, literally: a wonderful Hawaiian shirt.
President Obama got Osama Bin Laden. He was killed by US personnel. Have his body.
It's good I love it... especially since i changed shifts at work and I can go there and just relax
Counting Crows? I'm dusting off my wig collection!
I seriously have a problem. Like I hate talking on the phone. I will avoid any business dealings requiring a phone call
I love that still gets carded for beers at miller park. Oh, and that he got me a ticket to the Founders Suites for tonight's game
..I've seen daffodils and crocus peeking up in yards and landscapes, a sure reminder that the sun has been out and the trees will turn green
just got to interview my favorite Emmy-winning actress. YES!
How they gone help us..lol please bring them back down?
That FML moment when : you hop into bed, get under your covers, then realized you forgot to turn off the light. -___-
Every girl has that one guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak and nobody knows why, not even her. And she just can't let go..
U got money to go out every night and party..but u can barely keep gas in ur car and u still aint move out ur moms house yet...
If you don't have my CD, please reach out to my publicist at to get one!
Just got tix to at the Orpheum, excited!
Today was good day! *in my ice cube voice*<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
COTTON CANDY MACHINE IS BOOKED! Come snag some delicious blue spun sugar at Craftin' Carnival! September 11th, 2011!
When I first started to tweet I used to have short conversations with others. Is anyone interested in a little dialogue?
just finished shooting the third 24 hour Artist video blog for #PhillyDrawAThon. Only 4 video blog spots to go.
haven't heard it but just by his singles I can tell.
Congrats to Tim Wakefield for win number 200!
Make Voyages. Attempt them. There's nothing else. -TW
I really want to do $33.33 to win $10k
BEST SHOW EVER!!!!
I asked my 3 year old niece if I could have a piece of candy, and she told me I have to eat first lol
Still searching. Haven't seen any media updates from the search site yet this morning.
Two weeks with no problems!
I can't take all the credit - Laura Abernethy Brock played 4 of the 9. It was fun, though!
Omg ! My best friend Elaine , is gunna join PACE ! :D Yayyyy!
Thank goodness I finshed the project
I thought I'd never have internet again :O haha
RT Foreign Policy Blog: Two twenty-somethings were married in London. It was a very nice ceremony.
Ohh to be young and wild again haha
Dam why is so tight?;)
oh that makes sense then!
I use but the interface is slow, clunky and not integrated well with or HARO. Considering a switch to
GREAT! I! I'll check the book out now!
I tried to mess with the algorithm & type in roles that both tenors/baritones sing; or mezzos/dramatic sopranos. I'm a nerd.
“: Some random village in the middle of Africa will always be confused as to who won Super Bowl ? at least not going to waste
true that haha
Request our Job Help PC for an extended computer session for your resumes, job searches, or online applications. Inquire at the desk!
when will you be performing in Los Angeles? We love you!
Glorious Monday! Don't forget Knick Salon's Blow Out Cancer Event on 10-19 4-9pm. Donate $25 receive massage, makeup, pink champagne & more!
Can't believe 2011 is coming to an end! Describe your year to us in just a few words. Ours was AWESOME!
IRISH-FEST in Milwaukee!! If I don't see you at the shows(Sat at noon, Sun 11:30), I'll see y'all Monday. Gaelic Storm tonight!
how's he a bitch?
I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than attempting to satisfy them. John Stuart Mills
First tweet. On the train heading to Eric's (Eric and Kathy Show on WTMX) with Mary.
I hope the snow doesn't keep you midwest bound. I should have made fake credentials too for tomorrow.Of course I think of it NOW!
Um...is this a conversation or an interview?
Don't act surprised!
miss u too come see me
so what's the deal between you and Sean? Are you guys friends?
Your profile is a gorgeous pic of YOU!!!!
haha trust me i know! I trust you(:
I wish I lived in Texas.
SO TRUE LOL I G2G WHEN WILL U BE BACK ON
the faster you learn it, the better:)
yes, I know, I 'live' it too(:
I thought so but didn't kno your name... What is it?
Freelance vs. Commercial photographer? What's the difference? Sometimes nothing at all. One and the same. Other times it is substantial!
I'm going to undercut to get a full line up to say I'm making moves. NOT! Some dudes are in it for the fame it's pathetic.
#wordsfromthewise RT : What's the point of spending the night if u aint gon fuck?
strong side
Greg Surrat was just announced as the next leader of the ARC organization.
Just perfected my Mike Ness vocal impersonation. #hireme for your next party!
aye just saying lmao not Asia kirk either someone else aha
I wanna get inked
lmao well little fun fact for ya, the brewers actually have never won a world series.
"It's gonna be a long hot summer, we should be together"
Hey seth, I need some followers. Hope you can be one of them - a fan :)
Happy Birthday Live it Up baby!!!
Got a job interview this morning. You fuckers wish me luck.
ask "him" to hang this weekend so you can be alone again and figure it out.
That's good! It sounds cute!
Hennepin CC is in lockdown after 3 people were killed near campus. Thinking of students and colleagues in the MNSCU system.
They were investigating some steam leak and got suspicious of Spec. Someone was outside & told them not to come in & they busted in
ok now I forgive you for all those airline tweets when we got Bin Laden! Great point on Miami fans.
Text SAVE to 80888 to donate $10 to #Duchenne research.
Great connect! Thanks for walking with us.
Well hopefully you will like this one
Amazing day with author Candace Fleming at North Elementary today! Kids loved learning learning about her writing secrets and tools!
Performance Bike has a LG rocket helmet for 80 percent off
Ultimate Warrior Theme as walk up music? lol
A charitable trust can be either a living trust or a testamentary trust.
don't wana say i couldn't wouldn't wanna say I wouldn't....
I miss you:/
#WaysToImpressMe be honest and confident.
How you do one thing in life, is how you do everything in life...
When I'm asked if I want a copy of my receipt I say "Of course!", then stare the cashier down as I eat it.
I'm in luv wit dat pussy yeah
It's snowing!!!
Pendergraph's to lose
Today's $1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was Kyle Jackson. Congratulations Kyle! Tomorrow you could be our winner. Tune in to win!
Extension cord on deck not working; will only be able to work outside til laptop battery dies. Guess I'll have to quit then ;-)
Better Internet connection on Amtrak than in my apartment! I love trains.
*Harry has taken a trip down Madison Avenue and been to Caroline Crescent, but he’ll always go back to Louis Lane
#10ThingsIWantToBuy 1-10 's new single "Never Get Older"
lets hope so!
Yay! RT Heading to #Mayorslunchforparks today. Thanks for the invite
Thanks for the RT! Go Pack!
is your brand Fresh & Ripe!! ?
hates NY and says not every1 is as high on NY as NYers. Yea, try telling your bosses NY doesn't matter, see what happens
got an extra if you need but you are my top pick for person who *doesn't* need a wristband to get into a poker party.
No doubt! The only kind I can have is Big Red or a few types of bubble gum.
#Peoplelikeyou #Peoplelikeme #PeopleLikeUs we're ALL the same! Learn to LOVE one another <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Lying in bed not ok knowing some people may be going to sleep without having heard "I love you" today. Just so you know, I love you!
DONT YOU forget about me #thebreakfastclub Standing up to sing in the living room with confidence
posted up at the j.o.b. but its diss
I need to go there soon. My poor feet have not been fully pampered in quite some time.
Happy birthday to my best friend of nearly 20 years, !!
They always wait for maximum inconvenince
When your done reading sell your books to us and get more cash!
Thanks for the #FF shout out. :)
I agree. A trip to a local park is fun. An entire course on environmental racism can be taught within blocks of the school.
first install of fedora core 11 underway
I'm not deleting you as a Facebook friend, I'm just blocking you from seeing anything on my profile.
Big News! Noodles & Company in Fishers is NOW OPEN!
Females walking dwn state street with dirty socks are suspect
- don't get me started! ;) No Rex, you've not, and will not win me over it appears...
hahahahah welcome to the BBN family , very creative way to announce
hahahah yeah VARUN. miss u dog
Get ready to celebrate, New Orleans!
That's convincing.
How is tomorrow Monday already? I totally need more recovery time after my org's three in one fundraising event(s) on Friday... yeesh.
Thanks for the follow! Looks like you have a cool concept.
RT : The lure = culture RT : Youre fishing. Go where the fish are. And be a fish.
Barner with another good kick-off return to start the second half.
Mi-Tyme performing live Tonight! New Music "My Angel".....VICTOR HOTEL | 311 N. Sangamon St.| Chicago, IL Doors open at 6 p.m.
“ “ Last Call for DM confessions everybody RT””
When I'm lonely on my Friday nights I try out a bunch of different hairstyles LOL
0o ? Your titter not working right for ya?
i get a little bit stronger :)
Hey.. What time is it? It is z time.
This is likely due to the fact that while some downpours have occurred, by and large, NJ hasn't received all that much measurable rain
Just saw bad manners went to loaded in hollywood , worst jukebox in Hollywood , a bunch of posers
want to help us get a DVD of our show to the right ppl at Fox8? Late night talk show Cleveland style!
It's still ok with the PC crowd to refer to Justice in the historic gender right? Oh I really could care less about'em
Now that's what I'm talkin baby!!!
I'm so happy! Today has been such a good day, my God thank you.
Games can profoundly influence how we see ourselves and the world. We should seek non-zero-sum outcomes
u guys are interns of the year!!! thx for everything you do! :-)
Meet me at the lake at 10. If i'm not there then call, and if you need a way there i'll ride you on my handlebars.
Lol is leaving for London tomorrow & I told him "have a safe trip, if you see any GA/Cheryl things or Curly Wurly bring it!"
jit stop acting crazy!
hahaha, they sell that at CVS, bc thats the farthest i can walk right now lol
#BeatTheCeltics yes, it IS possible
Very. I just dont want him being talked about or made fun of by peers...dont know if it's my place tho
I wouldn't put it past her
I just walked by the most awkward person of the day. Wow. Let's hope that not how he wears his shirts everyday.
You bastard haha
Next time!
Exciting! Whereabouts?
girl you know me.. :)
any links for the Mumbai Indians v RCB IPL game? thanks..
"Don't run away from negative experiences... But remember them in a larger context." Rick Hanson, brilliant advice
I think we may be in a different boat , on another page . . You say you were different but your the same stranger !
you do that all the time! Maybe no more naps on Fri nights...
Suck it Kobe!!
man wish I could see that train wreck
Merry Christmas everyone!!
Thanks for stopping in yesterday!
been installing art show for the past two days. day three tommorrow.
enjoy, keep your eye on Milby “: And so it begins. #vegasbaby”
Our hours for April are Thurs-Sun 10am-5pm. See you tomorrow for new outdoor adventures!
Thx Mama RT Tips 4shooting gr8t video: Hold steady. Don't pan back/forth. Don't zoom. Short shots (6 secs/less). Vary shots.
I don't think my run app kept an accurate details of my run today in the rain. But it's okay cause it was amazing!!!
Safe travels, guys! See you all in Seattle : )
Busy Day! RT : RT : Just made it back to Miami and now headed to and !
y'all need to do one of y'alls originals during #12daysofburnham like Chasing Lizzy or GLOW IN THE DARK! Please???
This looks like a cool event...I will let 'rs know.
If anyone knows me they know i'm the biggest batman nerd!
Thanks!! Glad we could help you out :)
#ILookForward To Being Successful Everyday! Even In Dha Future!
Double sigh. RT ": Sigh. RT I'll take Kobe over Jordan in the clutch. No question."
#trayvon we need to examine this and make sure that justice is done
didn't realize that lucky's won best tasting/hottest wings. That was my bro-in-law receipt HELL YEAH
It's not even noon yet and I've received FOUR emails about graduation.
what's the problem with that?!
Seems like i just got off the night shift ... and already the day shift begins.
Wonder how many flashlights I *actually* bought for Y2K?
You're going? I think I might be able to swing by….
No offense Ms. Mary but Music is def my #1 High
« lmao I do that»
#nowplaying Al Green --Let's Stay Together.
yea I just sold them to somebody
#kids Child Etiquette Classes: Child Etiquette Classes from Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 6:00 PM to Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 7:00 PM M....
nyc this weekend: what's not missable?
Are there any reports from orgs about the benefits they've found from using #pinterest? Besides just broader comm.
Cool! Thanks again :)))
Where is Allen Iverson??
Follow to keep up with the lake hartwell tournament
hope you enjoy! Anxious to hear your thoughts on sushi den! Good to have you in Denver.
lol, nah I handle my biz lol
lol I don't even see y he added u then but I c u be workin
Link didn't work for me. I've been to your "try on" page - did u add something new where you can upload your own face to try on? :)
Thanks! I'm honored; it would be a dream come true.
Not your first rodeo! So true.
It's so hot in this house omg I swear
Registering for a #booth at a #tradeshow soon? Make the most of your space goo.gl/FDYkL
WE GOT BDAWK BACK!?
#ff cause they're awesome and I can. Kay? Kay. :)
On my way to get some....
I shouldn't have of came to school today
Goodnight people.(:
Westen: "Entitlements" suggests that U R area asking for something U don't deserve.
Ha! I cannot be trusted to tell you one way or the other. I only just today purchased my first pair of skinny jeans.
Was on the phone with him for 3 hours, until 12:30 in the morning. So tired. But it was worth it. :) <3
Also at , Kerri Lendo and 's award-winning short film 'Sleep Study!'
My nose is killing me...
The contestants are continuing to roll in and we're so excited! It's going to be a great time! :)
what i do :O
Aint nothin like a skittle diddle on a Friday night!
3- When someone starts filming, there's an echo effect of people that film the filming, and people who film the film filmers.
Aye you and killed that Wind It (remix) got much respect for Canada!
she told me she was :D
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Lee Camp
Watching tv and listening to nicki with my baby
Me too!
14 Minutes from the debut of "Night Shades"
the proof is in the pudding?
Get wit it or get left behind Every Thursday @ Silver 50cent coronas & wells till 12am free jay z tix and special Michael Jackson Tribute!!
Gossip destroys organizations, impedes progress and diminishes another person or situation. Eliminate gossip & speak to move ideas forward.
haha..allergy time huh? I hear you
Made 10$ off of Thank you, 76ers.
I want that macaroni! My fav <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Ladies first. Pretty ladies sooner. :)
Congrats guys!
16 hours of walking in flats = death
sounds like fun. I get to that for everyone at work. Hope you have fun tell everyone I said hi
Congrats to design students Liz Reuter and for your winning designs at this year's
Hi! I love YOU for loving ME! (:
God is AMAZING! Passed my School Leadership Series Assessment (Principal Licensure Exam) for EVERY state that request the test.
It takes more than a nation of millions to get to congress.
I wonder how many generations are made by rockstars... #sexdrugsrockandroll EROCK
Fuck fairley high school ugh someone just need to blow that school up!
My Grandmother is over eighty and still doesn't need glasses. Drinks right out of the bottle.
Who knows how to dance?
I'll follow cause u seem cool :)
< hand swell up & my ankle hurt. We're going to bum out all weekend :) How are you feeling? Better, I hope!
Schools need to create a consistent caring culture of no bullying & mean it! How do we encourage bystanders to intervene?
Today had Amerasia (Dim Sum)!Spicy noodles
we to the city tonigh -- Leland Nelson <U+2708> () fast.
We're excited and looking forward to it!!
Wait, I'm confused... why do people drink Miller Lite?
I'ma step over to the silver jewelry booth. Mad chickenheads up in there. Them bitches swear they fly -redman
Dig that apocalyptic organ in the background?
4 deadlines today!
what u doin?
that's Gud sweetheart
Sometimes it don't kill to say sorry.
9 Day of school left #senior12 Lets just get this over with(:
Jacqui Miller: Audrey Hepburn's glamorous star persona blinds us to Holly Golightly's less positive traits.
I was having sex to one of Adele's songs last night.... I came tears.
Generally no. School credit.
You must also give mental and physical fitness priority
what? Lol I was being serious haha
Scott Pilgrim, Empire Records, Dream for an Insomniac, Reality Bites...one of those. Lol
As designers, we often need to remind ourselves that a blank canvas is not a challenge. It's an opportunity.
this movie is awful
Loose ball foul? Are you kidding me? Refs tryin hard to give this game to Miami.
isn't that always the case? #SoldiersFollow Orders
Don't miss tonight
lol nah it's yellow. I ain't been eating or drinking since my wisdom teeth got yanked.
OMG 92 on my Math test????? When has that ever happened?? :) :)
said If she had a dick she would name it Richard .... -____-
because iCloud was made by monkeys...
- I'm already down to 4 hours of sleep a night. I don't have much more to give.
Holy! Really? Well, you can turn on The Eagle for Revolution then. ;)
Big match. I hope Manchester City beats 's Man U.
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. - Persian Proverb
"I will no fear change. I will not fight progress." And stay hippie... concluding comments in keynote.
I'm returning this Friday kind sir...El Masons and The Avengers Saturday night
I need to go, next on my list... speaking of Next have you been?
Manny thanks for follow, where are those cherry trees?
Greg and JDavid of The Viewfinders interviewing today
Hope everything goes well
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "At the end of the day, no one can stop you but you"! (so do your thing)
actually, that's not a fair Q for twitter. Hard to sum up in 140 ;)
ebay Lastest "solar Charging Kit" auctions ;P
Santana you tell em off!! Go all lima heights on them!!!!
Details on where to watch soon Clutch RT : I will check it out
Amen we are glad you were blessed! RT : got my cd last night after the service!!!! LOVE IT! Be blessed!
one thing i kno is that when Masyia and Kell need to gone come to East .alot of folks dokaay w. Them Coming (:
The energy public assistance program I applied for still thinks a brief subletter who scammed me out of $2,000 is my last roommate. ???
What guys need to understand is that most girls would do ANYTHING to be there everything.
haha yeah, you dance, right? x
how bout u stop being the 200 lb guy gettin thrown around like a football.
THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED
it's going to have the logo on it ;) as for flavor, not sure yet. Any requests?
If you haven’t already, like our Facebook page to get more CCTS updates and helpful nonprofit tech tips.
"ppl with autism chiming in,too" !?! oh my, u do realize children grow up, don't u?
goat #cod shit
What do you value in a good attorney?
Watching parks and Rec season 1
Shoutout to my new follower: THANK YOU!!! :)
S/o to aleck for buying me a tostada <3
Oh, Street walker in cloves, tell me where you go.
What is your best, random bit of advice to inbound marketers out there? You never know what blog post is going to start a wave
too bad I cant personally deliver them!
Upset about that anti-war rally yesterday. We were looking forward to beating down protesters. Next time "Raging Grannies", next time!
"What kind of world do we live in where a man would take another mans ostritch?"- Sheldon
Completely understand. Would feel same. Feel your pain. Good game.
- Good KOB Commercials!
When are we going to the flea market?!
Got a great Track record never burn my bridges!
u seem cool urself....I really want 2 get out in Seattle for a gig soon, luv some advice if u have any! Thx 4 the complement
What a game between hawks and Celtics. This and the lakers series have been the best to watch so far.
we missed having you at the show. Sold out show- it was a blast! We will be back in 2012 for sure!
just had great convio with another possible #dotnetnuke team! dccodeathon.com is really shaping up to be a multiplatform event!
one of my #russian co-workers put my ganache on his bagels every moning
is bored out of his mind
Got the best Valentines Day Present ever!!
his shoulders are flying open and trying to overthrow and is just terrible to stay consistent
needs a hero tonight..
Woo! I'm so stoked for John Mayer's new album. I really hope it's less whiny and emo than the last one haha
Watching this show weed wars.
Still going to the show tomorrow night?
Recommended new #Oscars category "Best Non-Human." Guarantee it would be a very popular category.
you're going to be at #thatcamp, right?
All the besties ditched for going out cinco de mayo plans, now its time to think about making dinner ...
Finally got HBO connected again! Looking forward to tune into tonight!
its not that person you were that matters, but the person you are working towards becoming.
Check me out tonight on HLN's Dr. Drew Show. I had a great time. Watch and see why Dr. Drew is my new best friend.
Play me in draw something!
I swear next time his alarm goes off I'm just gonna stay in my room.
Just watch my wildest dreams come true and none of them involving you
- Thanks for following ...... Hope you have an amazing weekend!!! :)
Tomorrow by the latest for DY tix!
I love that new song! Can't wait for the new album!
That or getting into a cage with a hungry Panther
I'm there now! Come to Alexanders! We can have a steak
NOW you tell me! I've been holding it in since Saturday night!
you're too cute! I love that noise too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
BWI security sucks ass and the airport is full of assholes this am.
B1G Championship tomorrow!!!!
Be prepared, Chicago & D-Rose are always our biggest rivals.
2012 no bullshit. In the streets banging in Hollywood. SaY WHATS UP. CHUNK THE DEUCE AND KEEP ON PUSHING.
Listening to 90 Miles an Hour and thinkin about the weekend. Thanks Brian
Maximian established his residence at Trier but spent most of his time on campaign
hey, I like your profile picture :)
Greetings fellow writers:
I found this one to be interesting. My German teacher in undergrad was Latvian, so I was captivated by the history tonight.
watching my boy Tacopina defending one of NY's Finest accused of rape.
Giving a presentation with #keynote. How reliable is the mobile remote app? Tests fine. Don't want to end up with egg on my face tomorrow.
if your in town you better say hi!
u know me my g...what's wit it?
I guess we are getting free rent this month.
about to do my mama hair
When an attractive guy can sing he gets way way more attractive
Oomfs getting on my nerves man.......!!!
Send me numbers in dms
This lil kids bio said he'll steal and fuck your boyfriend but dudes like 12...
Took Weather & Climate as a freshman at Spent 2 days trying to understand how hail is made. Conclusion: SORCERY
hey dude, sorry for delay. What was the order number?
Heading to Hyde Park Pub to meet family who moved to Boise!
NBA TRIVIA What team did Wilt Chamberlain finish his NBA career with?
yet another year of crappy buses
#thevoice Ceelo Green is so metro I don't get it! The cat looks just like him! He should give it away!
The brownies came out beast!
EVBS has certified, experienced pilates instructors. Stop by for a class at 620 Eighth Ave. 92101
Cards win. Bah.
One of the cops appears to be carrying a Polaroid camera. Silicon Valley, y'all!
Would you rather be poor or homeless?
“: first time in, awesome drinks!”...So glad you enjoyed!! Join us again soon!!
I wonder how many guys are actually going to do this?
Watching Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus on SyFy. The Mega Shark just ate the Golden Gate Bridge.
weather is bad so we have to stay at the school longer! # mad
Rascal Flatts is performing on Dancing With The Stars on Tuesday to push out their new album.
Putting "#TeamFollowBack" after every single tweet.
oh your kidding me.. u must be joking or u are smoking oh your kidding me haha that was a good one your first in a while u can stop now.....
Il wait for you!
This is the worst work day I have ever had. I am drowning. I need a new job like, yesterday.
yeah that one. we can go tomorrow to only disneyquest we save the parks for a different weekend
#NowADays All Females Are Ratchets Now A Days -.- Except My GF <3
www.todaysfavoritetoys.com has toys for children at every age.
Brewers, next time you have a scoring opportunity please don't ground into a double play. Sincerely, Aggravated Fan
The networking was great, the food was not!
animals are bound to get to what is in the ground.
Visiting my grandma. she's wild.
You should really just stick to talking about Jesus, that's a far more important topic. God will redeem all sin.
Canned goods may also be dropped off at the salon, or at Goodale Park on the day of the walk!
DM me your email address...
That is my one and only complaint with the Kindle and now they've gone and fixed it! LOVELOVELOVE
lol well thanks boo! much appreciated:3
Lets Go Safety!!!
:I can get lost in one day;not sure i'd b any Loster w frequent absences
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth. - Erma Bombeck
There's still time to gather your food, spices and herbs for Thanksgiving. Check out my article. recipes are towards the end!
Thanks! That works. Pity that all the blogs refer to a now broken link.
RT : It's been a tremendously exciting day for me. I am thrilled to be back with the Denver Broncos!
Life is not a garden, don't be a hoe.
I actually laughed out loud just now at this. Hilarious.
Congrats to : James Beard's 2012 Chef and Restaurant semifinalist for Outstanding Restauranteur for bBrg:...
Carlos Gomez, among the league leaders in triples
S/O all new followers and supporters of I fuck wit ya'll da long way
#2A about bearing arms for hobby, commerce (security) or self-protection..case by case basis
When i cry i see u in my tears But i clean my tears therefor no one can see u<U+2665>
Katy Perry!
really? Wow, I will have to get my mommy to make me an appointment....grunt..
Sixers/Pacers heading to OT. #Bucks up on #Nets. If you're ever going to watch the NBA, tonight's a decent night.
The 12th Annual Miss Caribbean US Beauty Pageant will be held Sunday July 8th in Philadelphia, PA
WRITTIN MY STORIES FOR #WATTPAD NOW THAT I GOT A NEW COMPUTER!!! YAY
"Take no care for tomorrow for tomorrow will take care of itself" .....make a decision to love, laugh, smile, and enjoy life.
And the President has arrived, we're about ready to get the County Board mtg started. As always, will tweet the interesting parts.
Aw thanks, Michelle! Yeah I saw the movie at midnight.
<--needs a girls night out. Anyone free this weekend and wanna hang? Share a meal? Whatever else?
$/o to follow back
"No seriously, my name is not going to be skeet!"...."Why?? Does that mean something bad?"
two words Bob Kittle.
Want a good story to write about ? check me out!
Parks and Recreation is genius! So funny!!! :)
hell yea
next 10 mins plus stop is going to be ballz fun!!!
Oh no! Hope you found a better place then.
Our please. I did. Yourself? RT : Thank you for the RT, did you have a good #weekend?
eviction notice at my door lmfao
She keeps you wrapped around her finger.
Why say no to something FREE? Grab a FREE McDonald's Small Premium Roast Coffee today! ^Eugene/PDX area only
I do<3333
Come on over this weekend! Margaritas and paint... everywhere.
Some SUV's and bigger trucks can command a higher premium
HEY GUYS! WE HAVE A SHOW ON JULY 17TH AT THE WHITE RABBIT. go to facebook.com/MissingInAlaska to check it out! RETWEET!
I think I'm wearing my new favorite shirt!
#WorstRapLineEver Bitches suck my dick because I look like JK Rowling
PAUSE. Reflect. What has God revealed to you recently that you need to apply in your life today?
Ugh...sorry to hear it :(
Need some diffent people to talk to!
Warren Macker in one week going to be sick!
Always treat others as you would want them to treat you! #random tweet
i dont mind texting people first
#FF : Thanks so much for the (fattening) #FF mention. Have a great week-end :)
In the booth with
That's so exciting!! You will love it here! I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to stay this summer, but my fingers are ...
tasted ecuadorian and argentinian candy. All I can say is I want MORE!!!
had a dream that i was stung by a black wasp
A fucking early BS safety may cost the Pats everything
Jan Berenstain died! OH MY GOD <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
looking for Sr. Web Designer / Developer, Dir of Technology, Flextrade C++ Developer, and a Java Developer - NYC
Good morning, my dear, how are you? I have no voice left. I did a segment for CH7 at Tip a Tiger yesterday.
It always humors me to see when crafty brings chicken how the crew drop everything they doing to run to the table!! LOL the power of chicken
FASHION TIP: Invest in a great colorful blazer for the spring.
I got peoples within in a project and need PR
Looking for Greg Stevens. Any hints on where I could find him?
go #celtics here!!
And four pages of notes in, I now know how to write custom functions.
thanks! And thanks for breaking the news to me! :)
girl...... hows class? Damn did yaw get spring break
I've thoroughly enjoyed the quiet and calm at this little inn in Balmorhea - making plans to return for a few days of writing next week.
then hug it closely and kiss its belly
I was, but I'm on my way back to Grainger. Sorry to have missed you. I'll let you know next time I'm in the area!
well at least you'll be near by. :)
Even better! Happy Thursday :-)
Q: Are we to be friends then? A: No, we are allies, which can be a good deal more effective.
STOP animal abuse >:/
#whenaustin posts a new picture on facebook (:
Watching this boxing match makes me think I should join someone's posse. I'm really good at holding stuff and handing out compliments
There are some amazing bottle specials for this Saturday message me to find out what they are ;)
CHILLIN AT MY CRIB JUSS MADE THIS TWITTER HMU !!! ADD ME ;)
Great meeting today with the folks over at Hope I get the opportunity to collaborate with them.
Just a few days til HUGE Mission Hills Community Garage Sale. 80+ homes all over this beautiful San Diego neighborhood. See you Saturday!
I'm so underwhelmed by the line-up, I'm congratulating myself for not buying early bird tickets.
Happy Monday! Yes, let's make this week rock! Hope you have a good one!!
That's so cool! youre gonna have to teach me someday!
LDK Solar cuts jobs as margins collapse - Reuters UK
I'm about to board! See you soon <3
I'm looking to get in contact with your SM manager - can you DM me with the correct contact?
Don't worry kels, I thought it was funny.
Lol. It's official. You're a Highlander. That's why you stay young. Shh. Your secret's safe with me. Keep up the great work.
You'd think the Eureka company would've made something more exciting than a vacuum cleaner.
#Andre #Johnson, #Cortland #Finnegan fight and both are ejected late in game and both might get punished by
RT : Areas from DC to NYC should watch out for snowsqualls tomorrow pm as arctic front arrives from north!
And if death is not a sensation, but rather like sleep when a sleeper is not dreaming, death would be a marvelous profit-Socrates, Ap. 40c
RT : In order to prevent our daughters from becoming pregnant as teenagers, we MUST start talking to our sons!
good shabbos to you too!
Visiting the fam!
Ripping on a sponsor as the Vikes beg for a new stadium. #reckless Maybe you could fix it yourself or just cut them a break.
RT : Nothing relieves the monotony of a job like finding ways to improve it.
oh, no! we'll check into that and fix it!
30 followers from 300... maybe my good buddy will help me out? <3
play Zelda 2....I am error
iPhone not thin enough. Apple will try to build thinnest iPhone ever. Might be only 7.9 mm thick.
Being nice to someone you dislike doesn't mean you're a fake. It means you are mature enough to tolerate your dislike towards them.
Gee you hit 200 fast! Thanks for the follow back!
": The beach is looking TO good! <3.<3" at least your =] its raining in kendall and I want to play ball >_<
Great night to sit outside at Target Field.
Friday afternoon on the LIE
wish I was there slamming orange crushes!
The gravest problem facing humanity is stark ignorance of the Reality. Ignorance of your supreme Self.
hell yeah v c u!
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. ~ Dale Carnegie
you already know bro!!!
it's been 6 amazing months today since we got together. Love ya Boobear.
qot this stronq ova here who trynna match up? ???
The cashiers at Sunac on Union Avenue must think I'm a weird dairy freak; I habitually visit at 2-ish AM to buy Fage yogurt & cream cheese.
Matching Socks is an area of my life I completely given up on.
Why do YOU write? Tweet us and use hashtag #WhyIWrite !!
Hey big man, where's Barnett been at practice? Haven't read much about him so far.
Seems like everything is gttin worst
needs to come to Chicago ..
I appreciate the follow!
Today was a Great Day...Night<3!
Everything is great when you don't give a shit
4th phone in one week - keep you fingers crossed!
I'm good what about you?
he said conference games could play a part in scgeduling but then said "yes I am interested in continuing a series with Kentucky"
Mind in one place, heart in another
Hard to narrow down favorite moments, since it was all so awesome and beautiful! :) RT
Odd privileging of "less eye-catching acads" whose work exploited by "media-savvy colleagues." Whose tweed isn't shapeless enuf?
Got the keys to my new apartment ! Yayyy
the crib is on ss...we gettin it started round 830, it's gonna b fun
i love youu. i will!
Ugh, people are screaming everywhere in the water.
Whats your fav track on the deceiving eyes project?
Almost home
thanks for asking questions & sharing!!!
Cool job! Chief #storytelling officer at
wow really browns
Kansas... used to live there and they are GOOD!
That's hot
FML I lost my Phone!!
that's not a good reason
Great meet-&-greet with FIRST DATE cast tonight! Let's do this !
You need one idea that neutralizes distractions.
Homeowners facing #foreclosure, there's a better option! Contact us today to find out how a #shortsale can help you. www.TheOertelGroup.com
the Ypsi and a2 libraries have tons you can download or check our in person for free!
I can relate. I am having a low on drinkable moments with this boring debate. Too bad cats can't run across the stage 4 fun
hw u doing hw ya sundaii been x hope u r okaii
Snow in March Wtf
So really if the kid tries to get away do you pull tighter on the leash to say hey I'm the boss I'm the master?
Disappointed that The Glee kids didn't sing a Hanukkah song. I thought I could count on Rachel for at least one...
going to bed goodnight pleas follow me i follow back
Doesn't it suck, when you reach that point in an argument, that you realize you're wrong!-____-
Want tickets! WIN NOW! text the word "ONE" to 44100 by 8am!
i'd never leave Vegas. Lived in Cali for 3 years and had to come back after being deployed
I lOVE HIM
Still working on a few. The majority is in.
Doing my best to OD on Xmas music. Wondering how long playing it all day while working will last.
Both of our fighters won at tuffnuff in Mesquite last night. Dana W was there. Very cool!! Proud !!
Kid ink >>
dave Hollister that Shit. especially can't stay
Fragments of original scrolls from Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Deuteronomy, the Psalms, Isaiah, & Daniel will be on display.
Thx 4RTs/Mentions: Have a terrific Thursday!
has offered to organize a beer bike tour. What do you think?
Messiah #1 tonight with !
Happy Birthday to the worlds best sister !! Love ya, have a great day!!
it amazes me sometimes how much i can squeeze in with 140 characters...
-- give me a Hale Yeah s/o.
#oomf i think about all the time but only receive a couple (5 at the most) text from him a day </3 ... guess i should give that up
haven't I been texting you the past couple of days with the cash ball amounts lol
Check out !
Tattoos and weed don't make you a BOSS.... A diploma and a job DOES"
you never thought you'd tweet it, but you've thought about it right?
I guess even the Goddess can't be all sports, all the time.
This is one of the more entertaining D League games I've ever seen. So when does the NBA game start? Oh.
I feel ya! yael is awesome!
*scrolls through pictures on phone, stops on one, smiles. doesnt hear * oh! * is startled when i see you* hi.
Spring Break
funny cause its true... For most of us at least!
Clayton track meet
could've sworn there was third for that date, must've been mistaken
work was decent. back in the bitch 2ma
hahahaha sorry sis :P my fault
Just getting to the game from shanestock.. this is 3rd game in 3 nights.. let Go O's use the #oriolesmagic to hold onto first place
We haven't even left and we want to be back! Love this place!
Most #donor conversations do focus on the donor's vision--but if a big donor asked, would your board be on the same page?
The 3 C's of life...Choice, Chance, Change~U must make the Choice to take the Chance if u want anything to Change
But with needs Packers have.Doesn't the Neal suspension pretty much mean they will need a DE in FA.
No kidding! Major fail! RT :This guy is going off script big time right now. Goodness gracious.
If you listen you will hear the heart
you're so welcome
Been busy today !
God Bless you toya. Im new on twitter and wanted to show you some love.
I'm at 999 friends on Facebook. Who will be #1000?!
Coach...can't get to sleep? Do some of tomorrow's office work at home. Don't just lay there
I am! But heading out of town tomorrow, crazy busy, would next week be early enough? Tuesday, for example?
Appreciate the #FF from Thank ya!
Win or lose, the Yankees can always pull me out of a funk. Sports are the equivalent of "the sun will come out, tomorrow...tomorrow..."
Fell asleep listening to for the first time in a while... Best sleep in months!
not in court for status hearing in federal court
Let's party till we're knee deep :-) !!
We are holding you all in our prayers.
well how about this read 1 Corinthians and Acts, it tells you about speaking in tongues sir.
Not being able to say the right thing...
RT I'm about to send you 2 acapellas bro
I keep telling people that JB is the best .
It Feels So Good Outside.
I need to shave.. Kids don't ever wish to have a beard. It's annoying
To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven.
We shred uniforms, protect your company name from theives.
Yes, yes I am. And it has like nothing to do with sex, it's just it's name.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
A5: People who make decisions about your career need to be aware of your value.
if you want the playlist from today can hook you up with it
Doolan is using the wheel, which then expanded to Fred Flintstone's car, to explain complexity.
im here but freaking out ah
- Thanks for helping us spread the word! You're an amazing PAL!!
AZ becomes the third state this year to introduce Parent Trigger legislation!
Aint nothin wrong wit goin down souh for an ohio winter! Am I wrong?
#idontlike nigga who are on that suck
Interviewed for jobby job that was already taken. Completely idiotic.
That's what she said!
LMFAO, I will never forget that night.
Coachella Music Festival kicks off tomorrow ! "RT" if one of your favorite artists will be performing there.
we've never been afraid of a sleepless night
Welcome (Susan McDermott) to Twitter! She's answering publishing questions at #AFPmeet. Come by booth #1112 or tweet her!
Don't judge me, just trying to get some free groceries *shrug*
I live this shit
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X8
She has more freckles than face. I like that
will try! signed? to you?
If you meet Zayn and you give him your twitter username, he'll follow you!(:
Oh man hopefully our wishes come true...please..please..please!!!!
I came too far to lose!!!!!!
Not sleepy. -__-
“Basketball Wives” Season 4 Trailer [VIDEO] -
Like this status if you think I'm PSYCHO but CUTE!:D
Lana, so nice to meet a kindred Glassian-spirit :) Tx 4 the recommend'. Love the urgency of the pc playing now >
Leave it to the Cowboys to blow a nice lead.
#erl12 looking at one big deal at a time, get cost data directly from publisher but missing ISSNs, e-ISSNs instead of pISSNs load in PubGet
Watching #milliondollarlistingnewyork, which broker is most annoying? All of them! Who is this couple offering $16mil?
Dope man, so you place your own music or other people's?
that's right! That's what I thought! Say somethin hoes! (Not you jennie) haha love you too
Sorry , but no more #shoneysremodel for you & I. We are both on the Gordon Fitness Plan.
Construction category enjoys huge growth - Toy News
It doesn't matter the math is simple, the problem is it's math. Math is dangerous.
thank you! It was the most beautiful and refined venue I could have asked for!
welcome to sweet tweetdeck it's way fun
Hi my name is
gah, I thought I was the only one who got annoyed! No one cares that you're dancing. & who gets soup delivered?!
Stayed down until I came up neva knew how to change up
Ok, I have some liquid latex, I've got some skulls on the way, will b getting some styrofoam heads & then experimenting begins!
na we doing the floor
it's time muni switches back from silver and red
Tomorrow is Children's Day at the Capitol! PCAK will be there, will you?
I cant function right now.
Congratulations 2012 Masters Champion!
Just left acs now waiting for olive garden to open so I can fill out an app wit them
Playing scrabble with my mom. It's kindof a challenge. There are so many words I just don't wanna use.
cuz im bored!!! And i have nothin else to do except from be weird
You're hot like the summer time, more than I dime. That's why I wanna spend my time on you, spend it on you
Sorkin to adapt Isaacson's Job's bio for Sony.
Austin's own Leslie died today. The city will not be the same without him, so sad.
Holding on too tightly to what we love will destroy it.
Tonight is the night. Sing along to your fave Beatles songs on our patio. And the weather will be just right!
finne ... i cant find a good picture they're all ugly !
I was being sarcastic
Why is Esquire's sexiest woman in the world is Gospel? There's a new one every 6 mo's. Minka KellyOct10-Katrina BowdenJune11-Rihanna Oct11
Just one more I don't want to study for and then I'm done.
only thing on my mind at the moment is..."When can I take a nap today"
Ah, sports-nothing else that is completely out of our control and has zero impact on our lives brings such stress, pure joy, & pure misery.
This time she blogged rugged austerity
A source tells me that Cuomo and Obama were in the same limo between the airport and NanoCollege. What did they talk abt?
when you finally realize you didn't matter at all to someone, you begin to wonder if you matter to anyone.
Check our brilliant animated logo on myTab.co to celebrate all moms!! Now get gifting your mother towards a well deserved trip :)
Color consultant Jean Molesworth Kee answers your questions about paint colors
Dr. Baylee 2 by 4. cant fit through the hospital door.
has fried my computer, cordless phones, and oven. What happened on #Georgia ave today. Home office smells like electrical fire.
I DONT HAVE THAT MANY PURSES SHUT UP.
Currently on the most turbulent flight of my life. If any of you have plans to fly up or down the east coast today, don't.
Hahah x) I know right... cute kitty ;)
Just tapped, Pilot Series Birch Dopplebock (Replaces Aprihop Ale)
That's a good strategy. I think the mental toughness is the hardest part!
Travel well, good soldier...
RT : Newt says his presidency will colonize the moon - if he's the president sign me up.
urgh i really wish i didnt have to go this lab at 4 -___-
Beekeeping friend says I'm now officially a beekeeper since I've been stung "in the line of duty". Thankfully not at all allergic.
pft, babe, you ain't seen me without makeup. BUT THANKS FOR TRYING :)))
Saw it last night. Good stuff if you follow/into Marvel's previous films.
I AGREE!! too bad he would rather be mine. LIKE JOHN! <3 MRAHAHAHAHA!
Always interesting (if you like SEO): 4 Pillars of Consumer and Advertiser Behavior in Retail Mobile Advertising
My nigga's getting out!!
Wow this Tampa sunset is beautiful. I feel like I'm in a Bob Ross painting.
ya, the ums and ahs drive me nuts. When I feel like one is coming now I just pause. Silence can be powerful.
Thanks for the #FF!
“Just because a man lacks the use of his eyes doesn't mean he lacks vision.” - - Happy Birthday To Ya Stevie Wonder
Poll I'd like to see. What do unemployed think about GOP & Obama economic policies? Who will they vote for, and why? Or will they not vote?
rain or shine,
Identity Festival @ Albuquerque Hard Rock Casino Presents The Pavilion
I think I'm gonna start a daily blog devouted to taking off your shoes at work... I believe there is a big market for it
It's always exciting to reformat my papers to the .doc format in Open Office after I have written 10 pages.
I stayed up for *that*?!?!? What a disappointing finish after that great first quarter for the
"It just makes us heartbroken. to see that today, in the United States of America, justice is not the same for all" - Isaiah Simmons' Mother
Why do the Bengals continue to have players who feel compelled to earn their stripes?
FF: Two cool tools we use to manage our internet workflow: and
Up Tired :-0
where did you get it!
do you love your american fans as much as we adore you ! ;)
I wish Portland had escalator etiquette.
I downed another major cup of coffee an hour ago. I have no idea how I'm going to sleep.
Just catching everyone up on the past music which will lead you up to my latest creation!! Untitled as of now..
Can you help me get more followers?
RT : Another tiebreaker lost for the Jets
neither .. Its a krump event called buck proof jacksonville
Don't miss out!!! April 30th is the last day for the tax credit & Lake Bluff is MATCHING the credit to ANYONE! www.lakebluffcondos.com
I sure didn't feel this way slumped in my seat during Game 6. RT flags last longer than 3rd basemen
last of the handbills going out today! so excited!
She tryna get me fucked up..i'm tryna get it in | I love it when she on top..she ride it til the end
character building & "for a writer it's hard to fess up that I can't adequately describe the pleasure I experienced as I read your work" :)
yeah that's always a bummer when that happens :(
Just get off the floor Boozer.
Blonde Moment #387 - Totally lost track of time in the library & missed choir class. Thankfully, it was canceled for today.
I #Love to look around me and see everyone #happy. Make a difference now. :-)
The bordum at this prom is at an ultimate high...just saying
Just read abt the almond H20 will check out rose RT : almond water 2. Rose water w/ rose petals w/ Raki or absinthe.
Strange clouds
You'll be surprised how much fun single life actually is
Woke up with dreams of the Thunderweizen by This hefe is my speed. Tasty - not bland. Great summer beer.
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword.
RT : Golf Naked of course RT : Eat. Pray. Love. Or golf naked.// just don't forget the sunscreen
May Specials now online 1000 Full Color Cards Only $33 plus more!!!
In all seriousness, would prob go to #orioles game tomorrow if it weren't for the walk-up charge. Not going cuz of it
Picking up food from Ferry St bbq in Newark.. This place is the fucking business......
Who wanna go hoop today in a Gym
come to our assets conference in Santa Fe April 24 thru 26
Shoot me too RT : I'm serious
My two favorite shows right now are RuPaul's Drag Race & Top Shot.
PA For A Few Weeks...
Have a great weekend from ECM!
Cherries are the ultimate summer treat. Do you know where the annual National Cherry Festival takes place every year?
Thanks for the RT!
I'm obnoxious.
I remember you telling me about this a few weeks ago. Cool idea, pictures turned out well!
I Found some Rubbermaid DVD Storage Cases on Amazon Im gettin 2 more when i get some Chedda!
#Congratulations #Realtor #Associate Of The Year!!!
whats going on!?
#CallOfDutyElite : For when you really want to waste money to wait for Sledgehammer/Infinity Ward to actually release all of the content.
Aw, thanks DK. I shook the cranky vibes when I left work. All good now :)
I thought I told yah? Imma star <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
that's just me. <3
Good Morning!! Thank you for the mention
I now have layers shorter than my bangs
It was a pleasure for me as well! Watch King Mo 8 ET tonight on Bellator on MTV2.
what is our unis?
Thanks for the RT!
Beautiful Booty :)
E! 's angel and gentlemen!
Good Q&A with Public Media Accelerator's on #wjchat tonight. Go follow along.
did u ever think u would be on t.v?
really??? What song?
sometimes you're in france and you dream of tortillas with avocado butter all the time anyway.
Thanks! Glad you liked it! RT : today's Monte Cristo special was colossal and a must have!
fam just got book 's oakland on may 28th come thru..i know its last min but had 2 take it..lol lol
My thoughts, THAT'S AWESOME!
That is not what Fea is writing necessarily, rather it is how historical actors felt about God and nationalism
Why are all these NBA guys wearing the hipster glasses?
3 years? Don't they have anything better to do? That's so sad hun. Your very welcome for the hugs. :)
will do
You're garbage!!! You've got cabbage in your muff!!!
ugh. I just don't like them.
Just because you are not in the spotlight, doesn't mean that you are not making moves. You could be the one signing the checks.
On that failing status for this math test
11 years ago today my cousins Jenny and Charlie died and 11 years ago today I gave my heart to Jesus.
Still tryin to get the hang of this work thing again!
Impromptu game of bicycle polo going on down the street from work. And we have a perfect view from the fourth floor.
that's a good one, such a great bonding experience.
writing a web crawler at 2am. what are YOU doing?
SUNNYVALE, Calif. (AP) - Yahoo to cut 2,000 jobs, 14 percent of workforce, in cost-cutting move.
Done with school :D!
Okay, who among the Twittersphere already has the new #iPad? Whoever you are, I am so jealous of you.
if I hear the beep. Beep. Beep. Again I think I am going to crawl in a corner and DIE...because I can't talk to u....
I know you bad but I want you bad
the next true vacation isn't until October....this trip is a sightseeing venture~~~~~
is seeking a Bassist
Join today (above the Newbury ) from 5-8pm for their winter party! American Flatbread pizza, Harpoon Brews, raffles!
Greek food is really good!
I dig what ghrol said tonight: music's from the heart.
Happy 21st birthday to my best friend in the whole world Ashley Gertz !!! Finally no longer a yougin'
Then its $120(:
Takin' us to church up in here.
until tomorrow... then its be back on...
I've had some followers ask me 2tweet less. That I can't do. But I wld remind folks of the "mute" function in many 3P Apps, like Echofon
Stupid weather. Had a shoot, had to scrap it because we feared rain, sunset wound up being gorgeous and rain-free. Argggg!
Eww, back to school tomorrow:(
Aflac is looking to fill two summer sale internships. They'll pay 4 your license. must be full time Sophomores or higher w/ min. 2.75 GPA :)
White Puma has ups!
Summer needs to get here faster!
Just did (x
mostly because I move into almost hermit like tendencies if I am by myself for too long.
2 weeks to ship. Rolling out more sprites than a vending machine.
Yes. MT : .: "As we move forward into this century I think minimalism is going to become a more popular concept."
#Ahahahahahaha too funny
thanks for the RT
When I watch #AmazingRace, I pay attention to the backpacks. Why did they leave them in the cab when they took off in helis?
what I really want to read is Pegasus 2 but since that isn't coming out until...2012? 2014? I need a substitute.
Regarding the formal poll, the math is wrong! He isn't repping CAPS fans too well.
And the stick is full of $#it!
BRB building a more stable self-concept from which to tweet.
A colleague said she listed a house and was told, "This looks like a Jamie Mason listing, it's staged so nicely." Feeling good about that!
Waiting at Starbucks for a video to upload to YouTube...taking FOREVER!
Time to give my pillow some head & some ass to my bed ;p Goodnight Beautiful people<3
yeah,but not sure what the point is, other than, as the AOL chief says, that AOL are "big believers in the future of the Internet"
I feel tired but awake
when people tell me i don't look like an eighth grader. >>>>>
oh for serious?
goin to the movies to just out the house for a little bit with my friend
<U+2764> the zipper skirt on Fashion Star :)
is that a talent you possess? I think one will be needed
No problem! :)
I always spoil my mamma!!! She's my Queen!!! :D It's great being an only child! Hahaha
Seem like errbody in Atlanta already out at "The Mexican".
Laptop, phone and ipod get taken away. My mom goes downstairs for like 5 mins, i take all 3 back and she doesn't notice
you will do great! dont worry i vote for you every week:)
And I'm aware of the irony that I'm at
just purchased both ?after this? by and ?i win? putting both on my iphone cant wait to get my praise on and in!!!!!
Huge setback for #Romney. Just saw Jimmy Carter on television saying Mitt was a good governor.
Hello Hope all is well.
I want a review girl!!! lol BE SAFE!!!
I'm not tryna watch porn right now...
#IfiHadaDragon I could deliver you a really crispy pizza before starts!
Brother in law update: My brother in law is out of hospital. thank you everyone who prayed for Him and is finally keeping food down.
That thought crossed my mind too. But, I saw enuf good this year to give him the chance. Most players were...
Back In The Lab More Heat Commin Soon! - Artist In Need Of Production Visit The Soundclick SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Ppl "Follow Me"!
Javy Guerra in with a one run lead...
No, but he could write a book. 'How to lose a playoff series in 7 games (or less).'
I know it upsets me!! They also just cancelled Awake. Did you ever watch it? Ir had Lucious Malfoy as a human being...
MSG baby
Shazier is going to be awesome
The 3 accessories that make a cute guy even more attractive: a baby, a dog, and a well-worn copy of a good book
Great morning of classes! We burned calories and feel great!
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. -Unknown Author
Who is going to win tonight? #Saints or
check your dms!!!
Steve Jobs documentary on now.
Feminist group slams LEGO line for girls as &#39;dangerous&#39; because they have breasts and only go to beauty salons
Glorious day.......I get to go get pampered.
i would build a beach just to meet you!! :) then we could go surfing! together.
Grab the bull by the horns? No. That's weak. If you want to get something done right, you grab the bull by the BALLS. it's more interesting
just got back from muse
Finding dark humour in pathos
A&A Listserv, you make me chuckle a bit sometimes, especially at 11pm. Hopefully caused more discoveries of , though.
If only Twitter let me write more than 140 characters -_-
I still ride my bike and ride to work sometimes. True sense of freedom and stimulating.
#Skyrim always comes before contagious coughing and snotty sick wives!
just got home great weekend looking forward to Monday :)
ohh, so good luck! you will do it :)
Ah! are nominated for the Billboard Music Awards! Yeeheeey! :D
Watching 1 season finale after another while the Lakers game is on the other screen. Haha 4th quarter comeback woohoo!
Ok I feel much better than I did an hour ago. Thank you Chinese food.
. Awesome introductory blog post! Happy to see another person on the team from upstate NY!
Come out tonight for our show w/ We go on at 8:30ish. Just make sure you "Never Say Goodbye" even after show!
#lodlam Glad to see demo
So now that we are done recording our E.P. its time to play some shows! So where should we go???
so excited to have you in the audience of open dress tomorrow!
At the meeting with Balto CIO Rico - lots of great ideas for improving Baltimore City tech!
"The one best practice to rule them all" series changed my outlook - there are other people who see things like me!
If a primary school in England decided to name itself after Mary Wollstonecraft, what benefits could it reap?
Does scheduling tough non conference games really matter to BCS conference teams?
i freaking miss my ex.
Must. stop. eating. chocolate.
Not gonna talk to me? kcool. whatever.
my bad
My chapstick smells like baby powder and I can't get used to it. <insert clever remark here>
boss isn't here yet. He be here soon though. I'll ask him for available dates. I'd guess almost everything's available. Lol
Thanks keith!
The phone is ringing...setting up meetings w/ potential clients!
wow! :O lmao, u've done loads!!! haha, sounds like fun :)
I'm going to miss the people in my rec. tech. and physics classes, but I'm excited the never ending semester is finally coming to a close.
RT : What exactly is the #cloud anyway & how does it relate to GIS? @ a #WAURISA session w/ folks from presenting
Awesome seats. Jealous. Hope u & Ethan are having a superb time. Go Cardinal! :-)
Who in their right mind doesn't love pasta?
How Southern of you! Truth be told I've never made any kind of pie, but pecan seems a bit more advanced
let me know when I can see your reimplementation
Oops! Meant to say and I are going
World's "longest" grad party today 12-6:30 in classroom bldg lobby for grad seniors! Free food and gifts.
I damnear coulda took that drive to Indy to watch the Playoffs lol
Changed things up last week. Now eating no beef, no chicken, no fish, no milk, no cheese, no oils -- no problem. M, plants.
because I'm in computer modeling and felt like being dramatic.
Lol it's okay cynthia c:
they caught the mets virus!
I gotta jump on that. Should I order through your site?
We're live in just over an hour -- join us tonight at Joyce Beers Community Center at 6:30pm!
#MaxAwards finalists to be announced next week. #HBA of great Austin
Woah... Music from the Sweetwater 420 festival is shaking my house! #Atlanta feels like a real city today. Heading to Candler Park soon...
I'm one of those people who get WAY too excited and obsessive about their birthday. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME
yeaa:/ did u see the video.it's pretty sad. i cried
See what ear hustling gets you!
I would agree with that assessment.
HARRY IS IN LA OMGG WTFF , HOW ,WHEN, OMG LETS SO FIND HIM.
Santa Monica at Halloween is AWESOME.
404 on intriguing false modesty link
NY is better.
Hi Nicole. Unable to open the link. But probably best. Can't control what people say! : )
Come check us out and follow us! We're new to Old Town so come get a dose of deliciousness-:)
Espresso Profeta and 's Lemon Cakes, making Monday afternoons awesome since right now.
it was an awesome shot
God never makes mistakes, everything that happens is for a reason .
Twitter thing not your cup of tea?
Oh I thought you had stuff to drop off? If you don't, then don't worry about it. I'm good!
Can the celtics please win a game in regulation.. I can't take all this stress.. it's only the first round for pete sake!
#TimHortons Bushnells Basin #Pittsford might just be the best. drive-thru. ever.
006900- you're like my bestfriend and real funny! Hahaha.
Struggle is the condition necessary to train for mental toughness. Without struggle mental toughness is purely a thought not a reality!
Welp looks like that blk towncar that I just smiled and waved at was either A- An Uber Driver off duty. Or B- Not an driver.
What the hell is this movie I'm watching? I damn confused at the moment. Are those talking cats?
i will not shutup, but the next time you wanna say that to anyone, remember, you have no control over anyone!
is tht even a word?
dude.. Troy murphy is so ugly!!! No homo.
Sleepover with nate!
i like the Packers, just dont think commercial is funny. Should have ended on a high note. Cant manufacture humor.
Bout to hit tha sheets. Since someone hasnt text me back.
Things definitely got really weird last night
You play Marvel RPGs. Ever hear of Fading Suns?
Happy Sr. Patti's Day. Make it a green one.
Cage match I'd pay for: Brian "Black Ops" Wilson vs. Aaron "Discount Double Check" Rodgers. Winner gets to swat Deion "Tinker Bell" Sanders.
curled up in my bed.
soo you know that feelingg in your stomach when you know shits about to go downn,,thats what i feel right noww
This is going to be the best birthday week ever!
Temperatures are going to be back up in the 90's tomorrow. Naughton's has a large selection of cooling accessories to help beat the heat!
Just saw a bald eagle soar over the lake, first spotted by Have to take my word for it. Too fast for my camera. Happy 4th!
Universal Care systems reward prevention RT Under ObamaCare, Sbuxs bev "skinny, nonfat, no whip." It's for the best.
I've had so much coffee this morning that I got halfway to work and realized I'd forgot my car!
Done with the movie !!!! Nice to be working with some friend's !!! Playing !!!! We do it all for the fun of it !!!!
Today we officially commenced operations in Argentina, which makes it our 52nd market & the 4th new market for the company in 2 years!
Can I shoot myself?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
text me princess?
about the dolphins at the rave? Yeah, that was effed up
I may not have the 'verified' icon, but I assure you I'm me.
Hitting the gym for some me time.
exactly! Apple I predict will continue to get better or else they will suffer what happened/happening to rim. No company is too
Get you some new threads!!!
Thanksgiving leftovers ...chow time
where are you? I just got it and am sitting in the student center by the tv
I officially hate Wednesdays.
Please ignore. Testing3. Final test.
Hopefully D Rose is alright.....That's why you do whatever it takes to get in the playoffs, even for the 8th seed. anything can happen.
yeah! I'm actually a distributer if you have any questions I've been going to seminars!
Would love to see someone develop an extension that would do 'Character Count' or 'Word Count' for text pasted into alfred.
Can't wait to have u spinning in L.A.! Let's make it happen soon
Okayy. I Got To Do That!
Positive thinking makes positive actions, which provides positive results!!! Eliminate negative thinking from your life, it serves no good!
Im in N.Y. waitin on the #SuperMoon !
no doubt champ
Eff them jordans people can kiss my ass for making me get up early.
Forgot to bring an umbrella today, and that is most unfortunate.
flip em out... dream on...
patron silver chilled
it sucks here :(
Will the #commoncore lead to the effective use of technology in education? If so, what does it look like?
I booked the role of John Bender in a theater adaptation of The Breakfast Club! The 80's are back! :)
Lester: I’d like to recognize Dr. Donald Combs. Dr. Combs has filled numerous important leadership roles during his 27 years at EVMS.
I know, but I have to look good for the summer
I know she got a 9 to 5, ill be her 5 to 9
A trip to Italy via Newark. So good!
Someone commented, What you are doing is a drop in the bucket. To which Mother Teresa responded "No,it is a drop in the ocean."
4 more pages and a powerpoint...let me get off twitter
Need to prepare sources for groups to look at, thinking from nytimes and fox. Any feedback on this idea welcome!
One Tree Hill and Law and Order: SVU reruns makes this girls day go by smoother :] Thank GOODNESS for Netflix
Ramones, annotated bibliography, folksonomies, cataloging, and classification schemes... a lot more fun that it probably sounds.
said her new album is going to be "seriously dark" compared to her happy album that was just out. Curious to hear the new album.
is in full testing swing! Can't wait for the event to start!
I'm only as good at my team.
new TV has super glare problem. Really bummed that I might have to re-arrange the furniture again.
Lakers no defence and no bench scoring
#Signs Im Super Hungry!
I'll shit on anyone in NHL ! Joey we going for round 2 and Krakpot eat my ass hairs
Literally woke up 10 minutes before I had to leave the house. Don't think I've ever moved so fast...
I vote Deena and Sam off #jerseyshore just sayin...
Congratulations. Can't wait to see you on TV next week!
Your lame
No Tiago for Game 2! but who do you think should start for the Spurs Boris Diaw or DeJuan Blair?
Keep the dreams BiG and your worries SMALL
Amazing news!! will be announced if we hit 3,000 followers today!
Glad you're here! RT : Down at Great panel going on right now.
thanks; have a great weekend!
Switzerland is definitely the greatest nation humankind has ever known
Good morning
You don't have to win every argument. Simply Agree to disagree!
i think im in LOVE with his tattoos!! :P
"This shouldn’t be looked at as punitive; this should be looked at as a necessary measure for future academic success." Bennett on IREAD-3
Watch out , saw a lady driving and eating pizza at 7:00 this morning. Seemed like a perfect match.
The quicker you're here, the faster you go
thanks Sierra for your kind mention What is exciting in your world?
Thanks to comedian tweeting super racy joke #Obama made @ Clooney fundraiser last night, I foresee a no wifi policy in future Ha!
I def need to find a local homeschooling group, too. We're in Grant Park - where are you?
Plants grow slow. Why does need real time monitoring ?
we still cool?
Happy Monday!
Ive finished my paper. Family, you can come home now. I miss you.
hey dylan guess what! YOUR IN 5TH!!!!
please follow and I? Thanks
for a short time, nothing on the ground that I can see from my relative tornado safe basement/HQ/man cave/laundry room/tomb.
yes sir haha
After managing the Yankees to seven World Championships from 1949-1960, Casey Stengel developed a unique perspective on the game.
yeah i did! and my pic on here is of me wearing it..haha so you can see there.
Every life road block has a detour. Sometimes the alternate route is longer but will ultimately get you back on the right road.
If you would be wealthy, think of saving as well as getting.
We'll have all the conference videos on our site within a month cc:
Looks like we'll dodge rain for tomorrow's race!!
The festival's official bookstore reps say Nigel Barker's book is their best-seller so far.
Last day of spring basketball workouts went well. Wow...this year has just flew by!
come on narvdog
DNF for and I. Got timed out at 40.3. We're not thinking of it as a failure, though. Instead, it's an 80% succes. ;-)
Time to speak at
“: GOP candidate Rick Santorum is dropping out of the US presidential race - , , CBS News' ”
Ann Wilson is the shit.
I feel so close to you right now!
The sun is out, but it's raining on me and I don't have an umbrella.
Pear goOse iz where its at _ I think I found my new drinkk ..
There's a grown man in an Iron Man mask at the Avengers showing. Okay, maybe grown is the wrong adjective. I luv comic book geeks!
if you change ill kill you. lawson told me they were inspired by you doubting them.
Who's going to tonight to see ?
like to see what your musical blend sounds like:-) BluesyPunkCountryRock? New Genre? Lol demo?
#DuckDynasty is the best show on TV right now. Even have my wife hooked on it.
Ahahaha. My birthday is in Nine days!!!!!
Steering clear ....
Out of tacos on taco Thursday!?!? Are you kidding me!?
Thanks! RT love the new background!
Don't ruin my childhood! lol
Help me get to 700 followers!!!
. gotta get you back to Milwaukee. Sit em down at "The Joe" so you can get out of there.
Even more impressive with the heat!
I Bren already following him plzzz follow me!!
#international security
I open up wayy to easily...
Jus me n my nigerian movies..Lol n chicken
140 characters is not near enough for me.
Nevermind. Found the link. I'll be submitting a logo. Thanks!
going downtown to perform (: you?
Weird, tweeting to my animated avatar but I'm so excited about helping those who wan to sound more American.
What should I waste my 200th tweet on?
Doctor offices really suck!
do you have a reason? I'm curious.
Follow me and I will make it easer for you :)
planning to watch fireworks from the house tonight... panoramic view of the strip. perfect weather
Dinner. Parade. Fireworks.
I may not be the prettiest girl in the world but when I talk yo I feel beautiful
Good morning to you. How are you today? RT : Morning loves
Time for first day of the new job then a late library night...I'm exhausted just thinking about it. 3 weeks kids, 3 weeks.
Excellently worded textbook projection, though.
you are most qelcome
... and that 23-second song is available for download at the low, low price of 99 cents. Act now!
p.s. are you getting any better at wrapping your mouth around four loko cans?
it is great. See u soon
Lovin me some outside time tonight on the BMW! Cools down when the sun goes down.......
Thanks, its good to know someone is. ;)
But see, it wasn't that simple... I can't explain it, but it became very complicated very quickly. ;-)
Beautiful morning with breakfast outside on Orange Ave #Coronado. Suddenly, a HAIL STORM! Seriously,
Personal development within. Travel & fitness energize. Music is my go-to. Multiple streams of income.
do bears shit in the woodz?
Good morning! Got a question for you: What do you think about Microsoft products right now: Xbox, Windows/mobile, etc.? Do you use/want 'em?
you would have to watch your shows by yourself.. No one deserves that...no one.
Just to "scare them straight"
How many?
My students were not nearly as excited about _Mrs. Dalloway_ as they should have been this morning. Need to try something new next week.
Ask to "fashion blog" a hipster, and when u go to take their picture, the camera squirts water out of the lens!
On my way to do some pitching! It's a nice Day - Follow me
there is, but i bought "salty balls"-milk chocolate balls rolled in hawaiian sea salts w/ a macadamia nut inside
Got to enjoy a #comedic knockout tonight at bootleg
I'm currently home alone & stuck in the bathroom with no toilet paper... Idk what to do
He has the leading role, I'm just support
Planning a #stpatricksday party? Flavors for Saturday include the seasonal Bailey's Cake and Thin Mint, as well as our TEN everyday flavors!
dude today was amazing
I had no idea. Disconnected from homeland
if follows us back, imma bring out da fuckin rice
Just wait for it, mid treasurer report it's kickin in.
Ivy Blue Carter... Born filthy rich to 2 of the most powerful people in pop culture. Prepare for a RICH ass, media crazed life.
word! when is good time?
Hustle Hard by Weezy & Rick Ross RT : Whats the song? Justin Turner comes up to Call Me Maybe. Kinda feel that
Let's go
Hey there! Right back at ya :D Happy humpday!
Love.new.ipad. Love.verizon.lte.
Niall! It's my birthday! Please follow me! Or tweet me! Whichever you prefer, either one would make me happy! <3
Man Todayy i Was Cryingg Cause We Was In Galveston And Somebody Started Shoootingg , And I Was Oo Hell no Imaa bout to diee "noo
on the #Grammys!! <U+2764>
So while we were at show, son made banana cake. I think he used old sour cream & cream cheese. I ate a piece. I may die.
Just saw Modern Family. I know, I'm way behind. Even better than I expected it to be!
Send Me your #IMAGINES and They Will be Published and will be Anonymous
So now the jewelry commission is done. I think I shall get back to job searching and working on art projects.
That would be one helluva storm if you guys had it right now too.
Were you at Blowtoad tonight? Was too nervous to say hi!! Been a reader for a while :)
I could use some "Vicious Circle" in my life right now
The fact that it went from " I beat the pussy up up up " to " lloro por ti by Enrique iglesias <<<<<<
I totally understand - hope things are going well!
NYCC was much bigger than before w/ an entire room just for costumes/geek apparel - saw a friend and ran into Tim Vigil ;)
It's not creepy to respond to people's public tweet. They are expecting a response!
aww hhaha. How old are you?
So far I'm unimpressed...
Has anyone tried google insync versus Dropbox?
I wanna see!
Thank you so much! But btw, no one saw that, if they aren't following me. You have to put something before my name. ;) xx
Go. Unplug. Run. ESCAPE THE MADNESS!!! (miss you, mean it.)
Finished SOME work at Al's, went swimming with her &Tanners, &now with Ate Nika &my sistah. Good day but coming home to more work sucks.
oh no I got it scratch all my suggestions I have a better one. Square Enix should contribute and offer Sephiroth as a guest character!
thanks for follow. I'll be stopping in sometime soon for your delicious salmon burger!
I am not a figment.
Blackrock is Back to its old tricks , when is the president going to speak with the real underwritter of the debt and use the money right.
m pom juice is amazing I love all of the antioxidants it has, even more than wine
It is very hard to pick just 3. I'll go with fruit, cheese, and chocolate.
i wanna be friends with Barney.
Happy Mother's Day!
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: Daily Pint - Pub (live updates)
Where in Milwaukee can I find bedding that is made in the US? Tried & India, Pakistan, Egypt... don't we grow cotton here?
*hears the editing cave call my name...uh oh, be afraid...very afraid*
We have openings for Math, Chem, and Art teaching positions for the 2012/2013 school year
Listening to The Beach Boys station on pandora today in the salon. Nice way to kick off the week!
Baller Blocking is one of the funniest movies of All-Time!!! The acting in it is so Turrrible!!!!!!
Magic Number = 21
The 90 year old birthday girl is doing the electric slide right now!
Imagine having to jump on a plane just to see your spouse and kids. It's reality for millions, does it work? On Ur Side, Tonight10, TMJ4
Just finished working on a dance track. Bout to send it to my partnah in crime Loving these countermelodies!!
Rock, this would not be a good time to steal you jack ass
Everything went so well today. My curly bun was pumping. My heels were clicking. The MAC was immaculate. would be so proud!
before you judge someone on what they wear, think, will swag pay the bills?
Did the #P90X shoulders and arms workout. Week 1 in the #P90X cycle.
greedy ass lol
Substitute :D
Lhdab same bitch use to write me or call me wen she gttin in to it with somebody but call in me scary -_____-
#TeamNoSleep RIP yo big Bro is not doing well but I got his back and yours WE WILL GET JUSTICE ONE LOVE
CBS 58's 10 is going on later than usual because of bball.Looks like we're on a little after 10:20pm. Heading to live shot!
hope your right! As much as I love The Pack & hate the giants I'm a little nervous! Our D scares the shit outa me
items for u at AoIR reg desk
An adult flea will remain on your pet for the remainder of the flea's life-yuk!
why are you so cute?(:
Fun Fact of the Day: A 1,200-pound horse eats about seven times its own weight each year!
would like to think no one
you're so sweet, Tiana. I can always count on you to brighten my day a little bit. #loveyou (:
Omg...if you're a man and you eat anything soy DIE BITCH
ya'll are awesome, thnx for the shout out!
Liking your own #Facebook Status is like giving yourself a high five in public
Wow..it's been a while tweethearts!! Twitter is different..Either way..here I am..
Glad u asked! We're coming out w/ new Chrome extension in a few weeks. Hope u like it!
And the win again.. this is basebal at it's finest baby
:) weeks, months... the way time flies they feel nearly the same. *wink*
Rafael Nadal draws first blood. Breaks Djokovic. It's 3-2 in the first set and 4:12 AM here in USA. How stupid is the concept of a tweet.
attention twitter, this needs to become a thing: #crowdsourcealarm - remind us when we need to do stuff
Stop staring at me, Miss Advanced Placement.
alternative approach to reducing urban crime would be Jim Brown's successful Amer-I-Can program. Have him on your show.
It’s funny how you can always tell when a boy likes someone else, but you can never tell if he likes you.
yeah I didn't even notice the song titles lol. Have u heard ? Their so fuckin good! Check em out if u haven't
Not yet. Haven't made it to the liquor store. I've thought about it a lot though! Name the day and I will!
Birthday tomorrow :)
Gotta "watch" My nephew for the night... X(
But you do miss me.... Right?!
way to show those , let's keep the memento going boys!
Join @ nychunt.com to participate.
Slip and slide party with football boys ;) with my friend
Username >>>>>>>>>>> Your Existence
There is also a humiliating way.
Congratulations to my cousin and her husband on the birth of their baby girl, Gwenyth Lynn!
we will call u
Is it ever really over ...
Text You of the day...What do you really want to be doing? If someone gave you a million dollars cash - what would you do every day?
The Holiday is very beautiful! Stay Cool! :)
I'm hungry!!!
you music makes my heart smile ! Thank you for all that you do #grateful for
woo. ROCK THAT BOAT GIRL.. HAHA. :)
Hahah! Zach stole my innocence a while ago. But now Cameron is taking every last bit of it away! XD
There are two reasons why people change: First they've learned a lot. Second they've been hurt too much.
"Don't be sitting on your stepping stone" :-)
“: pink friday or the second album ?” pink friday !
Wat goes through a woman's mind that says, "I'm gunna go out in public with curlers in my hair"
Mens health lied. I cuddled 3 girls from behind at #sears today, none of them offered to develop a meaningful emotional connection with me?
And it was even better today yelling at a bar at the top of my lungs, green beer in hand! :-)
I can't believe that Facebook bought Instagram this shit is the precursor to our 2012 presidential election.
hey Niall how are you you probably will never see this but would you follow me it would mean a lot to me am a big fan :)
I enjoy my cup of coffee much more when I can sit and drink it on my balcony. It isn't as nice when spills down my blouse.
Ali is here too so just make sure the gates are shut when u let them out.
seriously so annoyed with people today.
I simply cannot SCREAM this enough... BE CHOOSEY!!! You ALWAYS have a choice. Choice defines who you are!!!! Join our fb page!!
I'm laying here choking to death and you just walked by and laughed.Thanks Beeotch
thanks for the support :)
can I hate you?
see you filthy animals there …
Dude. Think about it....
Sounds like a great app. Can never be organized enough. Will sign up and check it out for sure
BTW, our own was on the local news last night in the audience for the Future of Nursing.
Thank you, xx
Big hair Nice ride High heels Sweet ass Fake nails Red lips Shaking those hips O YOUR SUCH A PRETTY LADDDDYYY
i love my daddy
i'm going to make some brekkie w market bacon, eggs and eat some strawberries. so take THAT! hehe
lol... Did I just hear say - don't think 2 yourself: "I'm gonna tame this bronco!"?
ZUMBA is so hard, but fun ... already sore!
the only thing i'll be stealing in my lifetime is austin's last name.
Attending #WorkConf this Thurs? Stop by the booth & enter to win a free 1-yr subscription to GigaOM Pro.
I need intertainment
So lucky to last night!So awesome!Thanks to Val Mosley, Mr n Mrs Reuben Cannon especially for showing love!!! BackThur w/125!
It seems like Ishikawa has more sacrifice bunt attempts than hits this year
I feel that a lot of rappers in San Antonio try WAY TOO hard and ACT hard and super og. Rap real and be yourself.
If u haven't seen trailer park boys get netflix right now and watch this shit
Carr shared QB duties with Henson and Brady. Agree with your assessment.
Tell you this...Arnold Schwarzenegger did 30 of those suckers.
I'm sure that's the idea.
Must be anticipating extras. Wants to make sure he won't need to take any long breaks from the booth.
these hormones
Stop with the Conflict Of Interest nonsense already. Don't hate the playa, hate the game.
I'm at a Level D show and Rob is fixing something and it makes me think of you! Ticket takers 4 ever
In beautiful Lincoln, NE!
We got 200. Thanks!
Kobe has been great individually, with some bad spots, but he hasn't had the overall impact and numbers of Lebron this year.
I asked a guy what he would do if he had a tail and he said go ssj4. Had to high five him.
UI/UX Front-End Designer/Developer (web). If you're qualified & interested, send your resume & salary requirements to kevin.reese…
The fair is happening. Some have tickets. Some make new festivities. Some cannot pay the fare. But it is fair? I wonder what part to play.
preorders for the shirts end tomorrow! hit us up with an email or DM soon! (:
Thank YOU for your support and for the mention! :)
Make sure you support Plies Goon Affiliated in stores June 8 lets show our support people pass it on
#didyouknow we're celebrating our 120th birthday? Gosh, how can we celebrate?
Maude's image for 'habitat' in representing Mississippi
Hahah, I'm glad you saw it. I knew you would love it!
Do you believe me when I tell you, you the one I'm loving?
The happiest thing in the world when you're broke is finding that last quarter for a dollar
“: The awkward moment when you go for a high five and the other person turns away.” does this to me every time
iget aggravated quick.
We had a great time in Jesus last night & we're looking forward to Him showing up again tonight!
it was an alright night ;) haha don't crash my car!
Just read the #TrayvonMartin, Emmett Till blog post. You need to get the hate speech in the comment section under control. Now.
living fast and dying young...just kidding. I'm at Mount Mary.
1 of my players just quit on the team.......guess who his idol is?....RANDY MOSS!!!!Go figure
She's got you all head over heels, & I can't even make you stumble. <3
He really is. RT :
Woohh!! This saturday party!!!
#ATLiens definitely one of the perfect albums. Like Purple Rain, Dark Side of the Moon, Illmatic. Happy 15th.
I am going to dominate this diet.
You're on. Hey, are you planning to go to the GBCA happy hour on Mon.?
Not in the mood for beer? Head to Galeria's on Broadway for 1/2 price Margaritas all day long! Really thirsty...
Really busy day today! We always appreciate new bookings. Hope everyone is staying warm!!
Jason is pretty cute!
running on 3 hours of sleep. so hyped up though. lets go pens lets go pens lets go pens
I wish pandora understood that people choose the Sufjan station particularly to avoid the likes of Taylor Swift and Ashley Tisdale.
Today the new in Austin TX made my day... Wishing there were plans for a closer one to my house in NW Austin :)
so phil just forgot about me -__-
Obama is in Chicago on Saturday. YOU SHOULD COME.
ah, in the student union on the u of m campus. bet their hours are like 8 to 5. I work for a living, boss ;)
how did u know?
Have you heard the great news? I got a 3 book publishing deal from a wondeful publisher in the UK!! Tell me what goals have accomplished ...
Mother's Day is only a few weeks away! Show Mom the love with a personalized flipbook. Just send us a video clip and we'll do the rest!
I love Andre Santos, you gays!
Qwrap Matt from Washington DC signing out. Thanks 2 everyone from the great chat!
Why do consumers still buy from commission-based retail sites? Find model # & purchase direct from brand. It's called competitive pricing!
um idk... I have to go to that store i was telling u about so maybe.....
I considered it a win if the #Jets could score another point at this point. At the end of the day, it is a split series.
by the way, monster truck rally kid's seats are free :)
#BvBchat Can't wait for the chat today on #edequity @ 10:30 PDT! Who wants to jump in w #feminist social theory or #grassroots perspectives?
car show sat may 22 at 12:00 look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo for details or call 303-999-0785
Good and bad news...I can't stop creating, but it's way past my bedtime!!!!
does buying catfood count as a present?
There was an overwhelming sense of thankfulness at last nights prayer meeting. It was our last night praying on campus at UofL.
Stayed up too late talking to my favorite but I regret nothing.
You got yo self aggravated
i feel like the new directions always save their funnest songs for when they aren't in competitions :(
yesterday in PF we were talking about steroids and talking about the side affects and one of the side effects what boob reduction.
Are you in Los Angeles
Lets get physical, physical! RT : Think I'll dress like Olivia Newton John for my workout today.
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me? 4
Gut-throat competition: Native bacteria fend off invaders, suggesting new way to stop dangerous forms of E. coli From tiny villages in de
Would you mind doing my workout for me as well? Thanks bud.
Why don't people support positive things?
Moo Moo Mooragious times are a hoof at the Cow Palace! Stampede on down here and git your meat and cock-tails on!!Double Points from 8-11
thanks! Happy to be here for the meetings :)
#AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks that with all these natural disasters that there might be a possibility that the world might end??
Why do people request to see vomit on tosh
tomorrow is v-day but sunday could work
Solo movie expedition to see "Shame"
BASHH starts in 30, and we're hard at work getting set up right now, and even if it rains, we'll get you in the door quickly!...
Did you know that Minnie Driver's real name is Amelia? Neither did I until this week. But there it was, right on her credit card!
This year is gonna be amazing, and you could tell Sophie about it
Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcolm Forbes
Same here. Hoping for quick resolution, but safety is my first concern. Hubs listening to a police scanner via his iPhone.
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.Oprah Winfrey
Should Memorial Coliseum be put on the National Register of Historic Places? City wants to tear down coliseum to build triple-A stadium
Met the rents this weekend, why do parents love me
Next week:I am single
Stop on by for some Great Happy Hour items; Lavender Calamari, Gnocchi w/ parsley pesto & Pancetta, too many good things to mention5:30-6:30
Power outage during finals week...
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
I have a compliment coach.
haha kay(; just found out I have a soccer game tonight
Q: Greatest reality TV show? A: Americas Funniest Home Videos. Glad I could clear hat up
#thankgolditsfriday One more breakdown for the Dakota boys please, no soup for them.
#asksarah who is your idol ?? :)
I believe it's pronounce "baby burrito"
Anyone understand why is #100 on SPINS top 100 guitar players? Not hating..but it's kind of weird right?
They are great, despite her mother!
A pioneer and a true artist taken too soon.
Acorn is pretty decent.
Hey!!! Go follow my second account, it's for Directioners thanks!!(:
Omg that felt humiliating
Eat your pancakes faster !!!!!
Both Gold and Crude shorts will be short term trades 1-5 days only. I am quite bullish on them both long term.
are you talking about Caroline's daughter? anyway,,,why did she say she closed her new shop ???
im such a weird person
Don't be sad life goes on its getting to late tomorrow is here.
Good personality, having some intelligence, and some looks and
If Purell is not your thing, some teenagers like to get high from the propellant in whipped cream cans. Teenagers and Demi Moore, that is.
Good Morning. Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself. ~ Elbert Hubbard
Come see Brew City at Summerfest this weekend. We have an 80/20 sale going on! 80 degrees or higher? 20% off!
then don't say anything dumb like he has 5 rings because that speaks for his team, not him who has more MVP's?
Got our read on :-)....Now its off to the park :-)
“: I just bought like 3 neon speedo swimsuits for spring break, with the matching hats. #score #lookinggood”
"Paint Your Wagon" w/ Lee Marvin. Clint lip-synced his tail off in that one.
The terrazzo is coming out & putting in handmade Cedar Bayou bricks to be installed in a herringbone pattern. Pics to come if we get the job
do you follow everyone who follows you?
Have you registered for the 2012 HIBF yet?
Planning for profit or sustained success? There is a difference.
Have fun!
enjoying my day!
So all you need to do to have a reporter like want to talk to you is to sit near ? What a joke.
Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation. Milan Kundera
Don't miss session on Building Mobile Business at 10:30 am at today's
LOVE YOURSELF and if anybody else loves you, take it as a compliment...
you are assuming that fac/staff would be allowed to use own comp on campus network. That's a pretty big security issue in itself
oh okay
Pretty sweet set-up, though my solution was $40. is better audio, but spendy...guess I need to win one!
- Thank you again for all your help! Have fun at #fincon :)
RIP RT : #RIPBIG I know you'll be proud when we get #Weed legalized!
Hopefully my goldfish cracker snack will be enough to keep me up for the late night
Thanks for following, guys!
Interesting Pasts+Futures session. Packed room & heady talks about ubicomp, steampunk, looms, & design reflections.
Desperate Dealings. First Academic and now Budgetext!
Its ok they have drs and nurses standing by
send me a tweet
Flickerz by have arrived in #QuarryLake ! Just grip, flick, and watch these discs fly over 70 ft!
People dying at my age or younger is unacceptable. Come on guys stop showing your mortality. We still have 70 or so years left.
Chains an whips excite me haha ;)
I'm getting kinda sleepy, good night everyone(:
how cool! Care to share?
Patchwork was awesome! thx to everyone who came! for those who got in on the photo op with santa – the pics will be up in the next few days!
Ugh I don't know why I'm so sleepy!!!!!
American's receive an average of 31 prank phone calls in their lifetime
Help us out and come to www.facebook.com/teasatia and vote for your favorite type of tea.
lmao I'm goin too! I dnt wanna miss the next one...if he has one of course!
Pregnant senior on my bus talking about how she smokes weed still.... So sad. Honestly, I don't belong in this generation.
We're just as confused
Finally gave in. Now watching #MadMen. So awesome.
Tenure is about academic freedom but the tenure track is a hazing that trains faculty to be docile thus making tenure potentially irrelevant
Thanks for helping out nonprofits. Would love to get a demo of your platform.
true, it is a fair assessment :)
Happy Friday don't work to hard....
it's only fun that way. haha
Today is MOVING day and I am beyond excited! Just hoping everything goes off without a hitch ...
#aaasmtg Dennis Meredith says everything scientists learn about communicating w lay audiences will help their scholarly careers.
I hate allergies
EP12s, #6 is up.... Ryan Broz and Bryan Jolly are teeing up....Prezi, YouTube...we're seeing a cocoa clip - candy bars and child slavery...
I've been singing the "Bobby said goodbye today" one and Love Stinks...2 very similiar songs
The Lakers, Portland Only has 3% chance of winning today. Takers Lakers ML -150
I only have one ticket. Yup. Pathetic.
more than pieces!The game board AND pieces, not at all worth $28.99. Don't you inspect these things?
SINCE WHEN.
Our cast is complete, were insured and only one Manfrotto short...I think we are almost ready to go!
Happy Easter everyone!!
Google Ordered to Stop Copyright Violations on YouTube - New York Times
there once was a time when i enjoyed driving...
Oh, you like Queen? You must be such a Classic Rock fan.
O, I want a juicer! Which one did you go with?
you are so right and SO LUCKY! Celebrate your mom!
busy live too different life's and is trying to accomplish to different things ima got to stay real in silence under lord motivation
Behind the scenes with Top Chefs! Excited about
This blizzard sucks. I don't think i have enough beer to make it...
Top 5 #toxic #plants for #felines: Lilies, sago palm, tulip/narcissus bulbs, azalea/rhododendron, cyclamen.
Pens in 6, I think the Flyers intangible advantage is they get under the Pens skin & mine, which makes them jagoffs ALWAYS!
rupert just said that he likes moes more than chipotle. I just walked out the door and left
The new episode of iNickelodeonShow will be in 8PM right after the new episode of iCarly on Nick!
Very good day. Looking forward to tomorrow! Thanks to all our followers and supporters!
America, u suck. You are wretched. You are only going to get more wretched. What a shithole to live in. Heathens. -- Love, Fox debate
AWESOME! Anyone else out there use #car2go for work!? RT We use you guys everyday at the office :)
i got you chiick :)
- how bout Bobby V getting booed by the home crowd?
Thanks for the follow!
haha trust me you are :) and haha yea :) & well what do you want to talk about :) ?
listening to reference music in the #platinumsuite at getting ready to balance a few tracks.
I like that plan. I think my director goes to that place and really likes it. I will have to check it out. Have a fun weekend:)
its UNT leading them is nothing, u have to be a national leader like kid at weber st n murray st 14.7 a game 10 rbs not enough
We hope to see u in the fall! RT : thanks for RT. I found a buyer. Looking forward to next season...
Mc Hammer and Gaddafi are trending here? I can only assume both are dead, this may be the best day in the history of mankind
The Notebook. I'm going to tie you to a chair and make you watch it
i just wanna leave already. kelly hurry the fuck up.
I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, natural, wholesome things that money can buy
Just saw the new Call of Duty video game commercial. IMO That's not right.
You're eyes are to die for !!!! Just letting you know(:
I would never turn you down boo!
#ConfessionTime i think Michael Cera is hot...
Did you know, after 1 round of testing, the SEI Academy has already passed as many students this year as they did after 3 rounds last year!
got em from a dude on discogs...ordered one & he sent both! Bonus!!
you bedazzle your face mask and I will bedazzle my wrist brace! We can have a bedazzling party!! Xoxo
are you guys affiliated with Seele at all?
Newest addition to gun safe smithery Andrew VanPelt sells gun safes for Merlo-Patriot Safe Co. www.patriotsafe.com
Do un to Others as you want done to you
Just landed #yyc. Thought itd be colder. Pretty damn excited to see !
It's just the stroller wheel in my face.
Bought my first north face jacket this weekend. Slowly assimilating into portlandia.
it will feel like 5
We'd like to think we are! :)
thanks for the listing for
| there r no regrets in life; only lessons. remember, everything happens 4 a reason. may not know it now, but in due time-u'll get it
Gearing up for Birmingham!! See you at The Nick Saturday night!
not drinking just like
Laura over here talking bout nothing... How she don't use sunscreen... I don't care right now
Djing at club galaxy in maywood, ca next week :D very excited!
Thank You Miley is TT and I think that she deserves it!
Awesome!! RT : : "Perry told the students, “God uses broken people 2 reach a broken world.” What does that even mean?"
I can only hope that someday the movie about my life starts with "this is the story of three wales that saved my life."
Never been to a Red Lobster. Is this a good or bad thing?
Chilling Stuck On This Track But Still Working On My Mixtape Hmu -KaeSmoove
Omg the weiners circle has got to be the funniest show I've seen in a long time
bro ur making me sad with all ur bummer tweets. Wanna talk?
Schwag? Don't you have an official "Traveling Hat of Mr. NuggetHead" hat?
that just sounds awful. Godspeed, my friend.
It is as much a mental injury as physical. He has a road ahead of him but nothing you can't overcome.
This time next week I will be on the beach with my biffle YES!!!!
Summer has arrived EARLY! Need assistance putting together you Summer Drink Menu--Call Great Lakes Distillery and we can come to your aid.
Wow, if you're old enough to be out of touch, I must be ready for the grave. Looks like I'll be shopping for a casket tomorrow.
it grows well around here if you can get it started.
do u plan to upload new pics anytime soon? lol wanting a new screen saver lol (: #AskAndrew <3
#SeniorConfessionHour I've learned more than enough in this past year
NO WAY link me? #MusicalGeek as well.
I feel like hanging my phone out the window and watching it roll away -.- But then again I may never get another phone..
Babysitting 6 kids today :3 fun
I have been in situations when I knew what to do, but it would also effect others
Odd enough, it smells amazing outside
I'm now a huge fan of paul holdengraber
Tom Hanks tux is player.
That's the ticket, #Cubs...get it out of the infield.
Tight muscles? Stretching isn't the only answer. Your muscles are tight for a reason, protection for an instability in another region.
Tonight I (as Pepe) will be hosting the Better Red Than Dead benefit for the Orlando AIDS Walk @ Revolution at 9pm.Come have fun and raise $
also kills traffic and revenue to the original source. Thanks, Zuckerberg.
#ABQ you can check the agenda www.bernco.gov/upload/images/econ_dev/agenda.pdf
Halle enjoyed your post on Water & Lemon Wellness, I totally agree
So because Perry has dealt with the border for years, that makes him legit? I don't think people feel like it's been taken care of.
Live at a Palos Park home where a man and woman were shot yesterday. Police say they are not looking for suspects/community not in danger
dont worry. be happy.
game not ready for leaderboard yet, missing pars or players (zvx-oe)
Heading to Austin in a few weeks. What's good to eat and drink?
i need a laptop again, seriously!
“: who does our remix of Gotye?! I MUST have it... Enlighten me oh music master!” It's the Mike D Remix WW!
This week's howl is a discussion about Post-Show Discussions. A topic I am very passionate about.
I'd follow him!
I call my hair-combing method "The Obama" because I use my left hand to shift my hair to the right.
#AJStream one of the best guests on the show! 45 mins not enough time for such great man.
I don't have an estate. :(
switch me over?:)
Go back to the fucking Lollipop Guild, Altuve.
Congrats to Toby Scriver () who closed a Medical Office Building in Texas!
I recently entered the twittersphere! I love your title.
Can't wait for
...(i.e. koalas) secrete antimicrobial proteins that clean pouches when ready to give birth...
At this AM with attorneys who will be poll workers on May 8. Thanks for your service - and thanks to Gov't section for hosting!
:) lol! RT: watching Chopped makes me giggle
RT : Just overheard a little boy standing on the map in the Take Me There Egypt exhibit say "I'm going to smush Indianapolis!"
R u at the nats game? Come to our table at jewish community day in the family picnic area!
Just got a call from Mohela saying my account was past due and generally wondering what was wrong with me.
why can't OS X Lion use a IP geolocation database to do the same figuring out I assume it's doing using wifi.
I will be there!
*takes a bite of my buttered toast and spits out a hairball* Here...I think this belongs to you!
oh my god i smell brownies
It's great thank you! Off work today
Just saw Yo & Marcum after Marquette gm. Looking ready for ball!
Your a wango tango?
miss you too and am so incredibly proud.
I love the Allstate Mayhem guy
& chillin at the bar at Bamboo. These are the killas in ur neighborhood.
Airport security at IAH on Fri for a flight: 45 mins (ugh). Security @ Houston Hobby this AM w/ 2x the people: 10 mins.
I drove past your house today. I saw you in your yard and my heart skipped a beat because i remember that first kiss under that tree.
Maybe going from seeing him every other day, to seeing him once every month or so again.. /,:
Hate it wen i cant find out a song and its right at the top of my head!!!!!!!!AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH
No way! I announced it days ago. :-) but I might have forgotten to add #phdchat, sorry.
Dont follow those accounts that are selling followers. It gives them Kred and creates more spam.
hahaha :) You're the Best!
Ive never liked a leo. This is a whole new field of study for me. You confuse me. Yes you.
I wanna meet oomfs
what happen?? :(
Saw 'Courageous' tonight with the cast and crew of #AmazingLove it was great go see it!
"I don't sleep cause I'm always up chasing my dreams"
It takes everything I have not to laugh hysterically when a small child farts in the silence of the library.
Havent been there in a while *sigh
"It is common sense to take a method & try it. If it fails, admit it frankly & try another, but above all try something."
I still wanna leave for the summer and stay in the middle of nowhere alone :)
My mind is blown -- I'm just ... I can't even wrap my head around it.
You're becoming that person I USED to know:/ </3
Bumpin 2 get my day started!
I'm light years ahead of my peers
I've changed, and nothing with be the same. Everything is different in my eyes. This time I'm crossing the line.
I don't even feel bad for Demp tonite. He's going to get another ND because of himself tonite. He had the support & coughed it all up.
Im already crying.. This really isn't helping either.
Trying to get reenergized to start back tomorrow!
Upgraded to CyanogenMod 7. Hoping that it's better than 6 in more than just the looks.
LOVE TO SHOP? HOW ABOUT GETTING PAID? YOU LIKE TO WIN GREAT PRIZES? Now imagine being able to have all that in one! That's LUCKeSHOPPER!
Deactivating my Facebook tomorrow. Gotta get in study mode. Be back next Wednesday. Goodbye friends, for now. Text4143012313 if you need me
#Follow my #SocialMediaInTheD peeps
I am intrigued by this "sea urchin committee." corny sea life jokes would be so easy, but I'll keep to myself.
Bloody Bar and Brunch from 11-2 today! Green Beer and Guinness are here too.
Wait...was their science professor in Die Hard?
Botox is the front one. Smooth, like was botoxed.
Book - What's wrong with my vegetable garden -
feel like a cosmotologist
(since i'm graduating today, i won't be able to live-tweet the ceremony but be sure to look for tons of pics later tonight!)
The Grateful Palate can bring Christmas to you this holiday season. Call us about catering your next holiday party 954.467.1998 :)
Follow right now to hear a single from the mixtape that soon to be comming out 700k thankz yall.
I wasn't sure I'd ever be able to run 5K but I did! My inspirations: Tricia Dunn, , , & Thx!
Overt racism w/ a procedural edge suggests need get past division between tech's frontend and backend.
Mother's Day is coming up! What r u getting mom?! How about a FREE Spa treatment?! Tweet a "mom'nme" photo w/ #FS4Moms for ur chance 2 win!
okay thanks
I'll cut it for you!!!
Damn good movie In The Hive.
giving reach around to Joakhim Noah in college can fuck up the best of people.
Last night I had a HUGE dream....and I know it's coming! #DreamIT&thenLiveIT
I like your piercings and there's nothing wrong with getting high! (:
Let go and let God ........good day everyone
I am... “: More rehearsals today...approx. 25 days, 8 hours, 38 minutes until "Blown Away" is out...but who's counting?”
Just landed in ATL for - getting pumped up for tonight's & pre-party - I better see you there!
GUYS.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
Our cards arrived in the mail yesterday. Did the promotion exist a week ago (bad luck) or did I just not see it in time (worse)?
#linsanity hits the beach in 5 minutes. I hope the Knicks kicks some Heat tail.
Trollolololol. Didn't see Marcum get a hit there, and Weeks has a ton of walks.
Celebrating 101 Years of Achievement! Happy Founders Day to All The Brothers of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc. !
RT RT ": There's nothing worse than meeting the perfect person at the wrong time"
Try not do or do not.
My mom's phone is possessed.
That awkward moment when the girls looks different in real life than in her pictures. -___-"
Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 \Clearwater Call NOW......
Listening to #SUNY Alfred's Pres. John Anderson at #MSCHE. I love how Alfred has aligned their Strategic Plan with the Power of SUNY SP
i think you are to something: well, you could always visit Milwaukee. :)
Power outage makes me wish I had an iPad 3 with 4G. Then I could still use net for hours.
Yup. Online. They show it live.
Can't wait to see my baby
crazy. We might end up taking the whole station to NOLA!
Very sad that I did not bring a camera on my run this morning .. Breathe taking views of the beach
RT : Thank you--I hope so as well! Have a great Monday too! *PS, I'm HUGE fan! :) Not in a creepy way or anything tho
I'm not knowledgeable on make-up, just common sense. Bright red lip stick distracts some women from their natural beauty, less is best.
Hot damn. Sign me up for some of that.
Flyers have Zero heart, what a horrible effort from Coburn and Simmonds who had brutal games. Series is over. Simmonds is a bum
Thank you for #RT See you next time were in
How are you building your faith? Is it on the firm foundation of God's word or the things of this world? Only one will last forever.
are back, thighs, and feet. Oh, and probably behind ur ears and back of neck. Not quite sure thou.
At the national EUDL conference in Orlando! Today has been declared official Prevent Alcohol Abuse Day in Orange County!
Rise and Shine! Raise awareness and shine your Light.
#np al green
RT Two things about iOS 5 camera--double tap home button before unlocking & get camera icon. Pinch on the camera view to zoom.
):< nuhuh I rule
keep it up!
Check out the white boots lol
hey Phil. Reach out to us at
My grandparents have the funniest little arguments!
Sound GREAT! Thank you.
Good luck in NYC ! We'll miss you here in Denver.
Having sex before marriage isn't the " only"
I doubt it, would be interesting to know which D1 athletes went to school the most
Again stand-up comedy is making me laugh until it hurts. Funny, adult, positive, truthful, edgy - so talented.
Take a look at meetup.com
I just unintentionally said give me your hand in spanish lol
sup dude
is't that north Academy and what's cheap?
I swear! Right after their set began, they ran off stage and came back 10 mins. later. I remember thinking - that's weird...
After the #awake21 fast, I haven't gone back to caffeinated coffee. PTL for good decaf coffee from Austin-based Ruta Maya!
She aint my friend, she aint my buddy, we just be fucking
Whoa! What excellent news!
RT : I'm a closet exhibitionist. Yeah, I don't know what that means either.>ever thought about coming out of the closet?
RT : 1 in 3 Alliance: Create opportunities for Americans to bounce back!
Kids like immersive video games because they are empowered in a safe environment where mistakes and do overs are actually required to learn
so bored wish i had a car to drive somewhere
For all of your custom website designs and business logos come to us
We love it too!
I wonder if Suzanne Collins has made any response about this issue? Still, people ought to READ first.
What a story these old walls could tell. - American Proverb
Major headache;(
Anyone else run into on campus today? I think he's filming with DNews. I just high-fived him. Kinda made my day :-)
turned 22 in December
Like a tear in the fabric of the universe. Troubling.
my pops is battling cancer.
hey! :D you might not see this but it's worth a try :P
Timmy wants tht 5th ring, Tony wants 2 prove his #MVP #KwahiLeonard shuda been rookie of the year Experience will overcome
VERY COOL! It's amazing how a story goes different ways in different people's minds. I envisioned two people. That was fun.
So is Ty Lawson.
Lucky for Mitt we don't have Great Grandmother Day. He had 5 of them you know. The old man called them #1 #2 #3 #4 and NEXT...
RT : Music is more than making sounds, it's taking the sounds already being made and making sense of them.
its amazing just being in there:), I'm seeing ABDC next weekend so that should be exciting too!
Wow! Is she for hire?
And now we play the waiting (and frantically checking email every second for the next 6-7 weeks) game
Just learned who invented the Internet. No one in the room knew his name.
Fun Fact: If a mosquito is biting you, and you flex that muscle, it will explode.
Wow people at the Florence Kentucky store are so friendly *rolls eyes*
LOLOLOL QUE PASSA? i just read that. cracked up. xD read all those tweets
A mixed bag today. Hope you like!
If you have an iPhone never ever ever turn on voice over.
Columbus has done sort of a number on its working class neighborhoods over the last few decades.
Have a terrific Thursday, my friends! <U+2606> <U+302A><U+302D><U+302E><U+302E><U+302B><U+302C> <U+261E> “The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.”—Flora Whittemore
Why is that?
Technology can help once we have the aims, the partnerships, the structure. Facilitating, not driving.
Closing in on 1100 followers thanks everyone!
THE FOOD I EAT WHEN IM DWN BEEF NOODLES & HOT SAUCE OR BEEF BURRITOS
are you serious??
Ready for one of best weekends in Wisconsin sports history.
Hello friday! Are you glad its the weekend? Lots to do this weekend, going to be a good one!
Last #PCUS panel today on implementing #4profit IT, feat. leaders from Tweet us your Qs!
he warned me about you - I ignored it! LOL
Rocking out the day.
Weekend Special for 3 nights @ Planet Hollywood 9/17/10 through 9/20/10 for $330 Limited time offer book through MVP Can't beat the price
yup all the starters!
Weather was great for 5 mile bike ride to work today.
Is the price dependent how large you want your audience to be?
being interviewed in a few minutes on about this Sunday's show! Can't wait!
got my puretrak signed by mc, mma, moon, and losira? sup son.
Delicious grapes
hahahaha thank you! I'll try! :)
“: Rooting for 's against in game 7 tomorrow!” #lakers who ?? I love my nuggies
I will so be buying that instagram camera!!!!
watching the Red Carpet #worstdressed or #bestdressed? MP will give opinions I'm sure!
u r very pretty!
N' the Lab
Looking forward to seeing this on the big screen :s
thanks for taking that picture for us BTW, Bernie retweeted it to 20,000+!
First good lunch ive had in weeks
Please be a joke, please be a lie.
Aww! Does she know they're extinct and are fake at the museum? I'm always up for the zoo!
There's a different ben stiller movie on like 12 different channels right now.
hey hey hey cousin!!! Looking fabulous as usual. Thanks for following!
Yes, no fear only faith! Blessings!
I'm watching 6x13 of OTH & update All At Once. What to do? What to do?! Hahaha
Sometimes I think that this is all a dream
#whatilove big bear hugs from friends. Not those one arm squeezes
Not sure how u & your family stay thin RT : My sister requested chocolate covered Oreos for Easter. I may have to indulge her.
Ok giveBIGGERs let's make it an even $1.5 million by lunch time! Go #giveBIG!
im gettin on
Any Philly folks have a DSL/wireless service recommendation? has not been able to fix my problem for 2 weeks
hey follow us xoxo
My lovely and quite funny wife is on the Twitter. Follow her, seriously.
It's something you have to try to even comprehend how well it works.
Former Sen. Mark Hatfield, an outspoken critic of war whose liberal views often put him at odds with fellow Republicans, died Sunday.
haha where u at?
Good thing I get paid this week
i can't believe how trashy you've become
I don't think I'll be back on, so goodnight.
Truth in numbers:R u stoked 4me 4real or is this the twitter version of the photocopied love letter?No matter,I heart all things LDM
I'm fine....maintaining
Since u get more joy out of giving joy to others, u should put a good deal of thought into happiness u can give
Women's Business Showcase July 30th 9am - 1pm #Market Creek Plaza on Euclid. Entertainment Games Prizes & much more!
Breaking faces is all I be dooooinn... lets go to work ;#)
Of. Moving the BF into our apartment is going to be a lot of work. Especially since I'm out of shape.
2am summer night
i'm so bummed.. I wish I did go all savage on my fridge/pantry right when I got home. I was so hungry
Nitrous Oxide does a body good..
So many people are unprepared for that oral today
My neighbors probably think I have a dog named "fuck" because that's what I scream every time Artest shoots the ball.
To all my real peeps out there trying to get a job and wanna make they money legit, keep ya head up..stay grinding
I need connects .... Fwm if u bout business fool
Hmm. App store by + Mono/Android by = a truly open mobile platform?
Id rather go blind then watch KOBE RT : Its not Fuck Kobe .... Its FUCK YOU !!!
yea I haven't seen em either. I wanna make a crazy colored pair.
I put fear in them niggas.... ill slap a bitch nigga on site
yeah that's a #classic Everytime I see the movie "The Town" I get pissed bc its basically the same story,
It looks like Fantasia been eating a lot of Collard Greens and Cornbread!!!! Damn she's thick!!!
We're talking about the movie right now in the office.
Me too! RT: I favorite tweets from almost daily. So bummed I can't attend that conference!!
#NowWatching: "My Fair Lady". I've never seen this one before. It's a Audrey Hepburn classic.
I can't believe how not good Smash is
Dubstep tells us just how talentless the internet age has made some musicians. It has taken the place of Auto-tune. It is a gimmick.
Sorry for the delayed response, Hannes -- You are right, is indeed up my alley! Faculty will be interested..
great summer plans for the studio - come and sing!
what great and inspiring work you're doing!
The better of a person you become, the better of a person you'll attract
My teenage mentee and I signed up for an 8-week improv class. TONIGHT is our grand finale show. at the Comedy Spot in Arlington, Va at 8 pm.
Basketball season is here. Make sure you support the HU Basketball teams!
RT : i have three words for you. "simplify, simplify, simplify". or - "simplify fucking everything"
There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day.
You got a belly ring ? did it hurt
Read it slow: LIFEISNOWHERE. What did u read? LIFE IS NO WHERE or LIFE IS NOW HERE? Life is as u read it
I wonder what good 'ole Steve Jeltz is up to these days. Would love to see "where are they now" type column on old #Phillies scrubs
You make me sick to my stomach. Literally
I make hip hop club and R&B bangers,
SHINee are just wailing their way through this performance.
ok let's make a plan! Any chance u would come c #SarahsWar? We could go out after the show!
"I was rapping at eight." - Nich Cannon
“Oh, I wouldn’t mind Hazel Grace. It would be a privilege to have my heart broken by you.” - John Green (The Fault in Ours Stars)
Two cnc routers. One is pretty big and the other is pretty small. We also have a Makerbot.
I am a great Inventor and you are a great Producer we should do something with greatnes.
Facebook blocked me out of my account -.-t
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 8
New profile picture, colors and background!!!
Where are the stats from the cheesy, goatee-laiden, bad-music, hands-in-the-air megachurch that you attend?
Good article..inspired me to make fish tacos (w-frozen fish, homemade roasted salsa, cabbage, white sauce, avocado...)
Shopping in North Star Mall!! Lovely day!!!
Is the design already approved? We typically share pretty often unless we're deep into production.
monster is a great song just like everything else you guys do. I only hope my band gets as big as you guys
I believe ms. barbie coined it
Just made it to Divestock. Brown & Old Chub tasted.
yes! It's very inspirational!
Whoa! Which Ubuntu is that?
I had a dream that appeared to be the future last night....If that's true I'm screwed.lol
jealousy is a killer, glad im not one.
Ha...I spose so. I was wondering if anything would actually happen...
HOT-Lanta! We have quite a few friends out there and can easily say it's one of our favorite cities! :)
Your welcome.
I bet its like a gazillion liters of water. Can't...you have to go work out.
sonic youth. so good right now!
If you love it, maintain it. -Your computer
Theres nothing wrong ladies givin it up on the first night.its how many ppl u give it that night that can become a problem...#sloppy seconds
I might go to California sometime this month but idk when I will only be there to see my Flyers cause I love them and whould not miss a game
“It is a happy talent to know how to play.”- Ralph Waldo Emerson
When you love someone and you feel like you know them like the back of your hand but they dont know you exsist...</3
Ethan said I don't tweet enough!
. Turkey humor is hard to get just right. The worst is when it's too dry. *rimshot*
I was so scared before I went on
roger that sir! Will be heading down to the office shortly!
Damn you Bill Scott for kicking me out of my car this morning, I guess I'll just save my beezy for after school
good so u can help me out today!
#HappyMothersDay to both of you....many hugs ....
Thank you. Will check it out.
yes but now I'm out lol
K. My mom's being annoying. time to hide from her in le shower.
Follow me on #instagram I follow back -
Bucks head coach Scott Skiles hospitalized due to irregular heartbeat before the game in Phoenix tonight.. Jim Boylan will coach
ok! Haha :) I'm pissed because I'm so bored an can't go to sleep!!
haha...i will admit they're good until john invites
hey you never know man.
just 5 minutes with Cam will change your life. That's what it felt like watching the packers game. But I agree he might be special
Hi Tony, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
They look pretty legit to me. You know, aside from the fact that there is only 1 follower. You all deserve more.
"You get the best efforts from others not by lighting a fire beneath them, but by building a fire within."
ha! You're great. Thanks!
so awesome to have met everyone at #SPARC2012! & others!
you are bringing me TacoDeli?!?
#veronicamars i love you!
And a cool bandaid with a disney character on it. Be brave!
"Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are." - August W. Hare
to be honest, it was the one that got away.. westbrook's steal & blake's missed 3. we'll getem
I'm on the cheap virgin mobile plan...got an lg optimus slider. Much improved from my old samsung.
“: If someone constantly makes you unhappy, then you must build up the courage to let that person go...”
My mom said yes I could do my whole hair light brown w. blonde highlights ode hype I love u mom!if someone copys me-___-if I were u I wouldn
Dear Contagion: Thanks for teaching me that the five-second-rule is a lie, just like "Portal" taught me that the cake is a lie.
In class dying of boredom smdh
anything to her.
Not always, many have program backgrounds. RT : A4: ...boards are made up of a bunch of skills-based volunteers.
Leadership is often about shaping a new way of life
THEN I saw the picture. Who woulda thought the 1st thing I EVER type on here would be completely stupid! hahaa
We were supposed to get that changed =( We'll look into that.
PAPA DEL'S SHIPS!?
right now, going through LPTHW, udacity and the google python class exercises
Rain makes everything feel depressing.
Thanks, Big Cat. Hope you're adjusting smoothly to your new digs n Columbia.
Joe will be co-hosting KDWB's Twin Cities Most Wanted in about an hour! Be sure to tune in if you are in the Minneapolis area.
Who was the last Democratic candidate to lose the Iowa Caucus yet win the nomination? What % of the vote did they get?
Ok. Muting this game. Webber consistently talks over points of action that Stockton should be narrating. are ya'll deaf?
Have a lot on my plate today
you're so cute! x) can I haz you ? Lol
Is Casey Anthony the new OJ Simpson?
I think that I have given up on twitter..
Thanks Lori for the RT!
Sleeper blockbuster is Prometheus...could be the sexy 4th seed to take down the all mighty 1seed.
#MyFreshmanYearAtFAMU must of tripped on the set like every other day
Nah, I'm more of a 'walk to places down the street in the afternoon and make a day of it' type. Link is good for exploring :)
What's so wrong with complimenting someone on their chest size!?!
Congrats! RT : 10 in a row! make playoffs for the 10th straight season!
lol I had a piece last year if your talking bout birthday cake... But yea it was good tho
That's funny... "the Queen does it".
its okay its not to bad
A tweet you will never see from me: "Headed to the bathroom real quick."
its not even 10am and i'm already running around like a chicken with it's head cut off. oh mondays
Opposite Month
at ctia fun
TONIGHT - Thursday Night Trend with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
THIS. RT : *YOU'RE *YOU'RE *YOU'RE HOW DID YIU GRADUATE HIGH SCHOOL?!?!?!?!?
fine then...here is what i was trying to say....I was really depressed because i did not know you had a twitter again and
(: I'll be relieved if this is rumor just sayin
Are you kidding me? Micheal Cera is the obvious choice.
#ARealGirlfriend isn't just there to wait on you hand and foot.
Tip: When a Jamaican tells you he'll call right back, he means some time this month.
sorry if i sound like im bragging, im just still high on life from last night(:
I'm having an affair with the snooze button today
well sans the stop sign I promise no baby sitting benhamien.
I HATE AWKWARD SILENCES.
That #YOLO chick looks totally
OMG turn on TMJ--Channel 4 right now...I swear Carol Meekins is wearing the pirate shirt from Seinfeld!! LOL!
Dance early. Goodnight #twitter peeps.
Dogs don't understand white comforters.
Is howard going jazz,COOL!!
lots of love right back-- thanks for watching!
way too excited for concert (((: I hope I meet
same here cigar and wine. Cheers!
I swear there's someone else but I can't think of who. Maybe Pinkitzel?
Yeah, a few more days on this and I'll be able to grate cheese with my midsection.
Can't wait for st.pattys day
I'm in for Tuesday at the very least. Need to check the conf sked for the rest of the week.
I now own every single Octavia Butler book. By the end of the month I'll have read most every word she published.
A plan is developing
super stoked for the black keys tonight!
Me: I really can't staaaaayyy. Bed: But baby, it's cold out side.
they will follow you someday! (: #neversaynever, right? :)
;~) but i look like a jew's butthole so.
Don't really understand how I was able to get out of bed
Apologies for using the #MLA2012 tag instead of #masslib12. Seems as though there were many afloat!
hey! Follow me back :)
#HappyBirthday I have Happy Birthday,me 15
the sun was all out and it was nice when i woke up then i thought about it and said #ImNotFallingForThat Colorado and look what happen
You don't need a person because they said they can help you . Remember you survived until now without them.Don't let anybody manipulate you.
Watching the game lets go pacers!!!
it's prom day
#MyBiggestProblem I always love my girlfriends too deeply, even the ones that actually don't give a shit about me.
if you'll pinky swear that it's
Birthday next week <U+E312><U+E310><U+E112>
Pushed as another Dan Brown-type, SANCTUS by Simon Toyne has some potential as the "buzz thriller of the fall". (Sept 6/Morrow)
I low key kinda want to see the Clippers come back from this deficit and win this game.
Los Angeles :). Its such a beautiful city! What about you?
LSU and Arkansas were games that AU was never in...so I change it too closer to 11-2 ;-)
it was actually good... just fiished watching the media screening. I'm giving it 8 stars out of 10.
of course i remember you!!! I would never forget you! :D
This is wonderful Kella. You are quite the inspiring gal!
that's all you can do!
going well embarrassed to say i haven't run yet but ive gotten 9 hours or more of sleep a night since Sun, maybe 2night, you?
When she was just a girl, she expected the world .
That moment when you get out of work starving <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>.
you are welcome, interesting articles!
its a tough job to crack the whip, but somebodys gotta do it!
same way that I feel about baseball & basketball.
Always give people a second chance and do not ever get a third.
I feel sorry for people who don't drink.When they wake up in the AM that's as good as they're going to feel all day
Can the Brewers play the Cubs every game? ": #Brewers have won 4-of-5 and #Yo was money today. #FeartheBrew"
Apparently Niall is at a Jay-Z concert.
Just sent you a Linkedin msg to see if you are available to present at SIC2012.
#brands how are you going mobile?
OMG what do she has on... She RATCHET !
I love your profile info!
Video. Pretty please.
well then...way to go diss on my boys you fracking hypocrit...p.s. is that how you spell hypocrit rosemary?
We think artists need their music to remain their biggest asset. Not Touring alone!
My dinner tonight consisted solely of a Toffee Coffee Crush Shake from
A little anti-social again today, but really on a roll with work stuff. Feeling good about progress today.
We haven't seen you on campus. What are you doing now that basketball season is over?
I just passed my prospectus defense. Whew. Now the fun part: data collection. Whoohooo!
Excited for Ripley tomorrow night!
I am convinced that Memphis heat sends your body into shock.
aw you are the sweetest; i guess i should clarify: i'd rather talk with ppl via fb or email--twitters overwhelming! email me if
Last night for FrightFarm 2011! Come have some fun & party this #Halloween night w the Live on our main stage! Tickets til 10pm."
there's so much stuff I wish I could've said to him, so many questions...
#volta show stronger than armory. More provocative content. Wow!
sorry no, the quote pages fill my timeline to much
Clearly Priority luggage means nothing to you...still waiting
Did I mention this?: BE POSITIVE TODAY......
holy crap halfpint!! melissa gilbert you are my hero:) i want to be in a chmerkovskiy sandwhich! cross that off your bucket list girl!
#rbs11 demo'd uploading XML metadata (produced by Duke Accessioner) straight into Excel. Takes Windows 7.0. Can you do this on a Mac?
was going to bang my grandma but she told me my dick was too small. guess i'll stick to fruit loops. -eugene
Intel has software to target shoppers with specific ads. I talk with one of the guys that developed the software :30pm on KGW.
might be on for that South Bend Trip
Missing my FedEx package containing my retail therapy...Damn you FedEx...I WANT MY EFFIN CLOTHES!!!
Happy 6 year LA anniversary to mee :)
Adams: The people who getting the benefits and aren't is a story unto itself
Technology has allowed them to be better connected to the world, college access, and more collaboration between teacher and students.
Mark martin?
Damn page fought tough
Happy birthday to one of our favorite tweeps ! Thanks for covering Jewish archives, news and history.
Just shot Gibson gear at Audio Convention at Moscone for Gibson and Eventide an amazing pedalboard company
celebrity sex tape!
Just won an amendment to lower to $1 the WV Turnpike toll for WV residents living along the Turnpike.
yeah...but of didn't seem to work particularly well. ATT otoh has worked very well this season.
can it actually be spring now? I'm sick of this 40s and 50s crap. It should be at least 60!
It's the first day of Spring and it's gorgeous out in NYC! Sneak out of the office and grab a snack from your favorite truck!
Good morning brother!
Let me rewind. I've been watching for Jameer in the time outs all night...
My dad & I named all the Presidents to see how many had been VPs but *didn't* achieve the Pres via the 25th. Answer: 2.
: we can hoop -- what time
Jawohl! I'm talking about cross-cast roles in Rameau & Lully. Mainly men playing 'scary' mythological women: fates, furies, etc.
Yo a super big shout out to Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys, You will be missed by the world! I will be rocking my gazelles for ya!
Alex Poythress throws down a powerful one-handed slam for 64 points.
I would be crying with cuteness and laughter.
“ is right near us." Please do and say hello!” Will do - gotta get out of work in time for HH one of these days.
no words can describe but wow. My favorite is Poned by Christ(:
San Antonio: Patchy drizzle this AM & Tom. AM. Today and Tom. there will be a slight chancefor a shwr. Today: AM drizzle, Cloudy, high 68.
Happy Sunday everyone! What do you all have planned for this week?
Very nice! Haha
I truly loved her but oh god no.megan fucks it up again
& that's what moral hi-ground gets u in Game of Thrones. If GoT=10th C England, then death penalty is not a deterrent.
“: Entering final table as chip leader when will the GO blow up ” did you bring home the bracelet?
good luck this weekend! <3
Highly Upset but at the Same time Turned On Can't believe Cut his hair o.0 wow
Dont let no one stop you from focusing on your money goal today.
I've noticed the big bows as well as floral patterns are making a comeback. I love both!
:) we just adore your style!
'Mauritians happiness is natural': Employment, equality, education, health, anti-corruption, environment, and culture were all polled...
A fanatic is someone who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
congrats Steve! What's the panel?
everything makes me think of TLS. Children, boats, dogs, cats.1
#Relationships are a fucking joke now a days.”
Thank you so much, It will be out very soon. I'm excited about it's release.
oh it is worth a buy! or download! am trying to get my book club to read it soon, great discussion opportunity for book lovers
Wondering why Daunt didn't feel that way about paper books and library lending. Maybe am not smart enough to understand?
hearing some great tips from another #PRpro like your self. Looking to amp up my resume and #PR skills!
not funny. I'm not the sharing type.
Time to plant some signs for spring : If my people PRAY 2 Chron 7:14; Bethlehem Christian Church and Anton Neighbors, please plant and pray
Just interviewed on on our top 5 Mobile Trends in Publishing, listen for it next Monday 2/6 (sorry for the nasal cold)
alright, but to be honest I'm tweeting from my phone so I don't know who you are.
So hard to believe it has been two years already. Happy Anniversary, lady!!
I need to meet you during #ccbw!
Well I guess I'm the only person who didn't watch It's Always Sunny tonight. Boo.
After 3 hours of being relatively awake, I'm ready to sleep again. Being sick sucks.
that was total crap
u really hoein yoself on here dont let me tell twitter that u cant make noodles
Looks like it will be hot the rest of the week I will dress in shorts
Let me know!!!!
Nicks is running a clinic on Fletcher!
dont play wit me, man i was so sleepy
Welcome to #FoodTruckFridayMKE ! Great looking truck, can't wait to see the new additions to the menu next week!
thank god its friday!!!
What Recession? “: haha is anyone in our industry not hiring? Show of hands?”
Trying to check out then off to 4300 Butler for the #LoftParty. Question is #pig, #chicken or both?
I can't
loving #hollywood! #audition :)
whenever family I got u just get back
RT 's Info Tech Ethics students are holding a public poster session today! 2-3 PM, Bolton/Union Breezeway
Found my old PlayStation (PSX) today...couldn't find the component cable I thought I had, just an RF adapter. :( But Ridge Racer, YAY!
you should sing ill be on your next cover . I think your voice would be perfect for it!
having mis-revelations rereading Outliers by my family operates on a low power distance index, communicates as if high pdi.
Is the tragedy of (online) comments a tragedy of the commons? Yes it is, says of
Cleanology Basic Class starts at Rice tomorrow
wats wrong... and amy y do u say meow whenever u tweet
let's make it interesting.... $$$
In order to Be something you must Do something!
u always ask me this question when i tweet u lol, I guess a twitter friend
Quote of the day: measuring and sharing is kind of weriod
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music ? 9
ok let me kno ....and he is good
moving on.
Weather WoW!!
At the Met's new Islamic art wing. Wow! A LOT more visitors here than when it was open 8 yrs ago.
my monday: flat tire on 75, iphone drama, alcatel tour, cashed an old check, gym, apple store...
Also, what is difference between PM and DM? NOTHING.
I totally didn't tweet that last tweet. Face it, I never actually tweet. Except right now, to say I don't. Maybe I should tweet more.
In Speech, I often group this way. More mature students can model soc skills for younger kids. It also empowers older kids.
program or be programmed, they say.
thanks for RT - have a great weekend
It's such a nice day today I'm actually going to get to go for a run in the park
This blackberry though!!
Thank you for following & retweeting the new single!! :)
The length of the penis is three times the length of the thumb
Y this lady keep lookinq at me and lmao I wanna BURST OUT && laugh but I can't they keep looking over here at here at us.
So excited about the Super Bowl!!
I'm pretty sure I need to write a blog about how awesome #SilentHouse was. Great movie!
Brock is so stinkin' cute sometimes (when is not hitting me, of course).
Decision support for clinicians around #mentalhealth ?
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Yucca on a Tues. night, Jim Bachmann had another great set and it was great to play with the...
Dude traveled his ass off
pitching a complete game with 9K's
gonna come see u after Pepe tonight.
- Thanks for the follow - I look forward to your tweets!
#FOLLOW MY BOY
CHECK OUT ONE OF THE HOTTEST NEW SINGLE OF THE YEAR YOUTUBE: J NOTEZ RIDE WITH ME
Gold Strike Casino/Resort, Mississippi, signs marketing and web development contracts starting 2012.
Attack life before it attacks you.
I think I wrote down my address and phone over 8 times in different forms before coming to the doctor. They still had two more forms for me.
I really hate my parents right now. Making me stay home with their psycho selves on a Saturday that is cinco de mayo.
Bitches you cant beat me why bother duh
did the funding bill pass the MN House today, to match the senate? Or is the deal still in limbo?
To all my Atheist and Agnostic friends. T_IF!
1 Week when you are 18 OMG my Baby is all growing up and he is so CUTE!!!
“: A #Gemini has no problem telling you how pissed off they are.” So True :D
fingers crossed for u Perry. Rest & get well is most important. Tough loss but there r more games.
RT:“ Gimme brain and let my d**k peruse your mind #Swave”
How many Americans adhere to a Mediterranean Diet? Also, who develops CVD in 6 years? Usually happens decades later in midlife.
#NoDickRidingBut They Need To #FreeBoosie Mane That Nigga Was retawted in these people Streets I Guess Money Make You Feel Untouchable
I am in states
#NACUA staff is off to the Annual Conference in San Fran! Excited to welcome more than 1,000 #highered attorneys to the city by the bay!
Thanks for watching, it was a tough story to tell. How did the interview go? It would be great to have you along this summer!
absolutely! our greatest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure
Wait...what do you mean it's only Thursday?
I'm seeing every indication that you do *not* want to work there.
it was America's sport in the 1940's and it's boring
you are funny
I don't fuck w/ her kind...
that is bad ass. Looks like a nice room.
ohh , as expected .
Marriage is not just a piece of paper, a marriage certificate does not define a marriage.
that really does suck lol
(cont...) #Swamplandia! If you want to tackle that subject, do it in a way that makes sense to the story, not as a means to be Important.
Mission: find righteous Madison hangouts/hideouts w/ taps & smart broads.
I just saw some fine ass chick and when she smiled at me that bitch look like King Kong knocked her teeth out god dam O____o
Doing some quick shopping and then brunch with K and a day filled with grading. I am feeling fantastic!
Wanna sk8 for lunch but I don't wanna lose my rock star parking spot...
yes that long! lol
Going to Thunder Alley tonight! So excited!
Nights like this I wish I was in love!
Bought my first car... Money well spent
#knoxverdict-- do you care? I do!! I go back and forth on whether she is legit guilty or not, but I'm leaning towards #guilty!
2.5mil women have served in the US armed forces
"Do or do not. There is no try." —Yoda
I've got everything that I need right in front of me. Sorry. Not sorry. I just love her so much <U+263A>
Did you watch??? How was it??
I'm getting in Thursday morning and will be leaving early Wednesday morning. Do you go to sxsw?
booze hound...I like it
that such a good question, and the answer is no. lol
Don't talk to me like that and then expect me not to be a bitch to you.
For the first time?! I went with Tami and Cathy yesterday for the 9,874th time. Isn't it amazing??
great looking setup Stanton! We can't wait to hear this soon!
It's funny how ppl hear wat they wanna hear reinvent n take it personal
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Mike's BBQ Chili and Honey Lamb Marinade 4.92 / 5 Stars | 10 Reviews by DIPAR "This marinade is delicious - even
Working WITH other creatives is better than working FOR other creatives. Consider letting other good folks work with you today.
I'm doing my math homework. Square roots...so confused...
Loved #TheAvengers3D awesome movie-one of the best!!
I cant wait til my birthday(:
"Did you grow up with fish?" -
This song depressing.
Unique, customizable consumable products, with High demand. Products that help people improve their lives. www.healthfacts4all.com
RT It's absurd we let Kim Kardashian get married for money but won't allow homosexual men and women get married for love.
Did you know? The first American army to have African American officers was the confederate Louisiana Native Guards.
RT if you believe the #Brewers shall reign victorious tonight!
... sitting here trying to get my mind out of the economic gutter!
if its beauty or awesomeness am so grace ha
Whoa. Wtf?! “: Police have confirmed Junior Seau committed suicide.”
This bitches gettin nasty ..,
“: "Do me a favor?" "Does it involve me getting up?" "..Yes." "Then no..."” haha this is ur lovely bf response
Who's gonna win Spirit Award best feature tonight? 50/50, Beginners, Drive, Take Shelter, The Artist or Descendants?
I make really good brownies! I'll make you some one day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I experienced live music at the FetFest venue for the first time at Primal Arts last year. Adding a soundtrack totally transformed the vibe.
Having a rough morning? Place your hand over your heart. Feel that? That's called purpose. You're alive for a reason.
Why is today so awesome?!? Oh yea, cause I'm with !!!!!!
Studying bro. I have my Series 6 exam tomorrow pm. Been up since Friday night.
your services/talent are, yep. "You are your brand" is mostly for media personalities, public speakers, entertainers. Etc.
attempting to run a social media contest today is quite frustrating!
My attitude can be a whole lot worse than it is
I wish I had that good money to get my mom something nice.
RIP Dick Clark
Big show at 3pm A.D. Scott Leykam, Gypsy from show "Devil's Ride", and Edwin Moses!
Not quick to open up to many bcuz when I love,, I love hard.!
To diet Coke or not to diet Coke...that is the question.
has THE best giggle ever. Keep him laughing,
My cousin told me to follow & I instantly blocked his ass . Lol awe they do is sit up & talk abt me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
He has to or the season is over
I'm deeply conflicted about this.
Chatting with an incredible stylist Challenge friends to #phonestack - first one who picks up phone buys a round.
I totally know what you mean. I feel the same way about French!
Hiking seemed to never end.
You know your haircut is a drastic change when your landlord doesn't let you into the building ;)
I just bought the winning ticket! RT : Mega Millions jackpot hits record $500 million - next drawing is Friday night
You're welcome! :)
But I won't hesitate no more no more it cannot I'm yours <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
It's downtown. Called Nolas. Good food & music! Hope all's well with you. Would love to catch up soon!
#GoBears beat Colorado
#first40songsonshuffle 9. Pumped up Kicks - Foster the People. :D
Like a girl gone wild, like a girl gone wild-
#grading. Anna Nalick's "Breathe" on repeat. If you made a grading playlist, what would be on it?
Welcome to Chicago, !
I can't wait to get started!
Anything in the works ? Let me know if you need any wine sponsors for upcoming events.. :)
Kris Jenner book is pretty good!
The Recital's last show tonight in detroit @ majestic cafe! Dont miss the party!
Going to the mall later
:We're on Twitter! Follow us 4 updates on GU's most anticipated social event:
I want it all Back
Many thanks. Safe travels to you, too.
Aspen war eagle moment.
I replied to your tweet saying someone was bad at sex! I was just being stupid
yeah just grinding
Good'Morning (:
Did anyone realize its ash wednesday?
Thinking only gets you so far. And far don't have a right direction.
You Are Crazy!
For real,why does Liam have the least amount of followers? He is always tweeting fans and showing appreciation <3
Hey I hope you win keep it on ": OH MY GOSH PLEASE PLEASE GIVE ME THE 1D TICKETS YOU REALLY DON'T UNDERSTAND"
Thanks for watching the newest episode of iNickelodeonShow!
Kept wondering why I feel like I'm going to die. Then realized: NO COFFEE YET THIS MORNING!
There are few things better than a brand new toothbrush... Or in my case a new battery and new spinbrush top
get yoself an avatar turbo!
well said!
One day it will all make sense..
“: ": No idea how Painter has a job either." I say that yet the game is tied!!” :)
nah bro its good:D
Ur not the boss of me! Lol
A Lean Marketing Revolution's 4 month promo for $ 0.99 cents had ended. The new price is $2.99.A great value for the best marketing know-how
RT : This is good. RT : Colts lost 62-7. If Suck for Luck was run like the BCS that'd be called "style points"
our pleasure
Heart of the Sunrise to Yokoono
have a great opening!
talk about bein bunny boy!!!!
Straight kickin it wit for his earthday!
no way, I would have never known that. #thanks!
I have this disease called unattractive lol
at my work...same place we had Maxs bday!!
White kid rap shows still make me lol
Just heard that the term vegetarian, is an old Indian word meaning
I get to work and find Yahoo toolbars all over the place, even Firefox. I am LIVID. DO NOT ALLOW YOUR DAUGHTER ON PUBLIC SERVICE COMPUTERS!
in the studio right now look like im only goin to do the hook to the song an get my vs done another day
haha i would help, but im at home and not with you!
i should watch scarface
At widespread panic tonight. I don't know if i like hippies that much...
I'm leaving for 8th grade :( bye bye healy n everyone in it
i guess i got my swagger back!
What makes feelings and emotion is something I never know. All my knowledge doesn't get any answer for this.
Getting ready for yummy Italian food, good music, and great company at the NAWP Gala tonight!
“: Rocking the Red again soon baby ! #baltfire” Heck yeah!
My shoes came in for #lux0511 and there Hot!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
#backwheniwasakid i got into a lot of trouble
Good Day .... Now to the Matter @ hand >>>>> <<<<<LIAR LIAR ...... Please step down for your own sake YOU FUCKING SUCK .. WEINER
saw the other bands we will be playing with in kc. couple death metal bands, others we'd want to show trade with.
sick and tired of being sick and tired :(
Kids need expectations. Kids need responsibilities. Don't feel like you have to buffer your kids from the new demands of a home biz.
Low Carb Pizza Recipe: "The Breadless Wonder"
Beautiful, man! Looks like an incredible trip. Been holding off on VSCO, but keep hearing glowing reviews.
A kiss can either break you heart or make you change your mind about everything you ever believed about love <3
I look back at my pass and say fuck you I smile at my future and say thank you
In room 203 #podcampaz #pcaz for the Innovating Wordpress presentation with Eric Myers
i've re-instated services for you. looks like we tried to reach you this afternoon. our billing group is reviewing (cont)
BAD BITCH PARTY TONIGHT DOWN AT THE LOUNGE ITS GOING DOWN IM SPINNING will be performing i better see you there
Wonderful, amazing, tiring bridal shower weekend. Couldn't have asked for more.
I want my hair to grow
#weirdfactsaboutme ; when im at a red light , i always put on my wipers just to see if they are working <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
If u have to be quite when he answers his phone
Thinking of wearing my "owner" shirt in my new license picture. I mean, it is my identity, who I am...
Wishing I was attending #cil2010 this year.
The guy we met at whataburger after the show added me on Facebook! I am cracking up! :)
Ice ice baby! Lots of slickness causing accidents all over the Portland Metro area, as well as Washington and Clackamas Counties.
EVERYONE!!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
my playing cod4 on the MIAclan servers come join me
haha! Miss ya honey :)
just woke up ...good morning
WHAT ABOUT SIX PACK? :O
JUST RIPPED A CHUNK OUT OF MY FACE.The calf while shaving,now under my lip.While washing my face, I jabbed it w my nail & took a chunk out.
Ready to go
for some reason i thought home was near H st. Yes, right now & next week.
im already home, but it's only 2PM. i dunno what to do with all this time ...
finally broke down and bought a coat for fall. excited for practice tonight. starting to come together nicely.
In such a happy place with beer geek friends.
Everything I got, I got from saling shit.
Ah, we're downtown...in D.C., northwest.
ahead of time.
the exorcist. XD if that counts.
Another good weekend gone in the blink of a eye, smh -,-
First Thanksgiving dinner tonight!!! :)
I will be in philly, meet in the middle ?
Yo vibe with Jp and my other homie Chitty Bang.. They both from Fort Laudii.. Play that "Party Like Its New Year"/"Bottles
I was half-asleep, so first I was like "oh, someone is here, breathing. That seems normal." Then horror after that.
#SciVerse #Scopus: Limiting viewing to only 2000 retrieved not helpful in research. Resorting is ineffective solution.
one of the best session I attended! great way to end the event!
stop by for a cold drink when your done. They look to have it under control!????
Give her a big hug for me! Xoxoxo
not to be ubercynical, but if the tech conferences I attend depict even a "secretary" style lady with glasses, that's unusual
Happy Monday!
We are just a little over 24 hours away from Millie's Miracle Spirit Night! Please plan coming out and supporting this little angel.
My story "Seven Stories About Kenel of Koulev-Ville" won the the Iowa Review Short Fiction Prize. $1000! & pub. in the Dec. 2011 issue!
Let's stay up all night...
Trippin', I come to the library to eat my lunch...not study.
Have a great day!
We are about 99.8% done with our album! It's going to blow your minds.
It's world Aids day today and everyone at #Actionred has come together to celebrate and memorialize! Come down to Emergency Arts to see!
will be joining today serving up breakfast & lunch for our Spring Opening & Plant Sale. Yum! Look for them by the Garden Shop.
I'M STARTING TO HATE MEANINGFUL BEAUTY SERVICES. THE CREAMS ARE OK, BUT DON'T LIKE THE WAY THEY SEND MY PRODUCTS.
I in fact #love my team
Today is national IPA Day. $2.75 IPA's for the rest of today and tomorrow!
RT : The best part of NYE is that three of my favorite things are main components: sparkly pretty clothes, fireworks and cha ...
Should I get eclipse @ the Walmart midnight release or be patient & get the collector's edition @ target early tomorrow? decisions decisions
On my way back from NY
Diet pop is disgusting
I NEED A GRAPHIC DESIGN FOOL GOT ME???
unday is a great day to curl up with a good book and completely ignore it because, ya know, the Internet.
"And the whole industry wanna fuck your old g. Only n*gga I got respect for is wiz. And I'll admit I fell in love with Kim 'round the same
Ask yourself "is what I'm doing right now getting me closer to my goal?
I wonder if they play sports over there.
first day at work was long!!!!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 12
": Out of the top 10 most unliked videos on YouTube, 5 of them are from Justin Bieber."
Tim and Tiago: Twin towers are back?
oh I know right!
What impression do people get when they call your business? Are you ready to sound professional. How about for FREE? www.discountedt1s.com
your welcome! &cant wait(:
Newt-a-mania?
Leff: "Sustainability became the watchword to re-adjust personal and economic behavior"
I'm in such a good mood today . <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#FF Favorites- Thnx to for always mentioning me!
Good length, a bit of stretch, maintains shape, washes well, bold/fun colors. tees fit that bill well!
Oops. Sorry about that, haha. Glad they're in your house and not mine. I just finished my stupid DumDum sucker and...it ain't enuf
Feeding our new addiction.
I'm getting a lot of 4-5's... Don't know what that means
You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's nose.
Just want to clarify that I do NOT have bed bugs. Just a very cute baby :)
Our prayers and support for Brian Urlacher and his family in this time of trial.
where do I go where you will not see me
Website will b up real soon!!!!!
quoted in article "How #GSA Could Have Saved Taxpayers 75%"
Feliz Navidad Naya! Hope you have a wonderful day!!
im so excited and i just cant hide it !!!
Great panel on buying & selling media assets this morning compliments of
In some parts of GA, 1/3 of population didn't grad HS. To help - Complete College GA, readiness programs... More info avail
Aye Dyl Pickle get on skype for me and (:
Raze app rec'd for 3211 Wisc. Torn, b/c clearly denser housing is appropr. for that space, but demo by neglect or intent=thin edge of wedge.
Win an Apple Macbook Air! Retweet this and follow to #win! skimp.org/twitterprize/3…
#SanFran to see Maan tonight! #CroatiaReunion-I wish and were here with the rest of #PineappleNation!!
To All who donate a tweet & those who voted 4 won $1k to help #StopChildAbuse & help the kids! Thank you!
That's a rumbletown thunderstorm in Hell according to your stomach. Good luck, sir, good luck. God speed with Tums.
Oh no...feeling a bit under the weather.
me too...Quinn is a legend.
Done early. Will pay for it tomorrow as class starts at 730. Also, that's when I find out if I lived or died in the plane crash.
Its only fools who see life as a competition n try to take advantage of people around them.
GO BEARS
"Ahead of the curve" means reaching the end of the work day and having more than 4 hours left for sleeping.
.:"A number of members...are engaged politically but kind of engaged on the down low...Openly gay, but...not openly [GOP]"
Congrats on your recent accomplishments, Dr. !
p.o.'d = "pissed off", young man
Hoping for a couple of hours of sleep but I doubt it.
Good question for #sbchat tomorrow night.
Somewhere between the end and the point where we begin.
any new items on the menu? I can't wait to get down there and try out some of the new cocktails. Best in the city!!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who thinks they're funny, but they aren't.
My Twitter and Facebook feeds are now eaten alive with guys yelling about the GOP debates? I'll log off and watch something funnier....
Really? Why wont they just call I've made it clear they can. RT : call
Levi Leipheimer joins Maria Carrillo student ride
shout back to for shouting out at me
Thanks for the RT!
We are announcing the PSAid video and print ad winners this morning at 9 AM! Get excited and tune in!
The aim of marketing is to know and understand the customer so well the product or service fits him and sells itself." Peter Drucker
All of a sudden its lighting & thundering....
Thx will check it out.
life is like riding a bicycle to keep balance you've got to keep moving
Nice! See you soon!
Wish you were here...
#angelinajolie looks stunning!!
idk what it is about but i just have this love for her..
My favorite #Amy Winehouse song, by the way, is "Valerie". I remember DJ played it at my wedding. Very talented singer gone too soon.
Thank you love <U+E418><U+E418> But I'm okay, I'm watchin "Dennis The Menace" now lol <U+E056>
oh, then my pimping task broadens! xox
Only 2 more weekends and ill be in Missouri with !!!! #cantwait (:
we love you! <3
They go from rick ross to kirk franklin.
I do not have a camera face, but whatever... :)
W O W
": yeah. Sadly many in US believe math is about executing the correct procedure."Math teachers for change
Ending Wed, buy any full-priced espresso beverage before 11am, bring back your receipt after 2pm same day & get 1/2 off any espresso!
were in here! From probation to domination all over again
Archivists: Have discount room at Hyatt that I will not need for Sat and Sun. DM if you are stranded & need place to stay.
Great idea for everyone. RT : Marnie Webb of : take an hour a day to publish what you know
How is Sonar doing?
shit I have school today, gotta sleep!
Im an honest guy.. i only want fuck you...But if it turns into real feelings so be it
I'll be fine. I have a lot of impact from the truck in the back of my head.
It's kind of making me sick that we are sitting on a completed album that no one has heard yet.
OpenEdition would also provide use stats to libraries who pay the premium. Want to promote visibility in libraries.
I'm really not sure what dubstep is.
Attentn, New Followers: U R on my "ADD LIST" as soon as my "Follow Limit" allows: THANK U 4 follow
well I'm going to BoTS in Nashville. I won better tickets for Tampa but I can't make it! :(
ill rob for my nigga daaaawggg!!!!!
Listening to music like I have been all day cnt stop!!!!!!
Daily Insight: "When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
it was great to meet you at #SMIATL. Please stay in touch!
Agreed. Especially in the ninth inning of a one-run game.
still in the closet
I hope you're all going to HEMPFEST.
Happy Birthday to of !
i love dance, but i dont need anyone to tell me how to do it kay
wow so pretty!
But good thing its my girl LSuttons B-day and we get to go out tonight!!
Nursing Students & Nursing Assistant follow for the latest news...
I am giving away FREE, a copy of “The Best Of Bill Sargent Bands – Volume 1” to the 1st 56 people who “LIKE” my band page on Facebook.
Our most common feeder bird is the sparrow (millions of them - HA). What is your most common feeder bird?
Thanks my dude!
The Interrupters.
And you're makin' the shirt look good Jillian.
Thank you! Was good to see your face across crowded room. :)
All this laughter has made me hungry lol
phillip phillips is sexy and i saw colton dixon in the audience my sexy piece of as djchnbfdue
MY DJTEAM IS WINNING WHAT ARE YOUR DJ TEAM DOING???????S/O TOO SOUTH TOP DAWG DJS/HOT BLOCK DJS/STREET HUSTLE DJS
Special case of the Westmoreland Effect? -- any metric linked to rewards will eventually cease to have informational content.
The vow on Friday.
Leadership is action not position. D. Mcgannon
Yogas and a sweatshirt
Tune in -- Cummings will be on today at 11:10 AM on the latest with the Secret Service allegations & his Wal-Mart investigation.
Of course something major happens before we leave, it wouldn't be right if nothing happened!
Last Heat Game till the Playoffs!!.. Eff you Wizards...we'll... keep you warm? You'll..catch on fire with our blaze?..Um, Eff you Wizards!
Warm welcome to Lauren Blystone, the new Pathways/OI Partners Administrative Assistant!
Tebow started today.
ERIC BLEDSOE came to play!!! #CLIPPERS dow 4
Vermes won't appeal. Cooler heads will prevail. Not worth risk...
Aloha honeymoon!
thanks girl! I'm loving it! See you tonight (:
maa hair is always brushed
Some great music comes out of San Francisco. Give a listen to Picture Me Broken www.mynoisyplanet.com/PICTUREMEBROKEN
Today's magic relationship word is APPRECIATE
Ill down a few drinks just to take the pain away.
walmart got rid of all fabric and yet they still find it necessary to sell john cena shirts. seriously?
#inthesummer you should make a lot of memories.
How was the panel? Wish I could have been there to hear the community's thoughts /cc
just got out the movies. Fucken tired
I can certainly understand why U have a cephalopod obsession. I like 'um 2. I'm busy helping educate & inform people 2 psychopaths.
do you work with Wordpress?
all 70 of those marketers should learn how to code, both for themselves and for our ecosystem :) KhanAcademy CodeAYear etc.
The look on my moms face when I said I was avoiding getting to the point in our conversation >>> hahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Me and are celebrities at Davis.... #it's frightening
Jenkins should move up. Proven fact. The more kids and baby mamas an athlete has, the better he is. Cromartie, Henry, Kemp.
hahaha!!! yeah man he was messing up my groove! Smh Talking bout $5000 for a Ecommerce website. smh
yes sir
Stoked for the Mumford and Sons show tonight. Starting out with some Belgian brew at Cheek Monk.
We don't believe in Magic! Go !!
what cha watching?? Any movie suggestions?
I will e-mail u the pic promise not to have a heart attack
Luke 10:6 If someone who promotes peace is there, your peace will rest on them; if not, it will return to you.
For me, mustache sunglasses would be redundent. But they are still hilarious.
dont mess with us kids from the 90's we could take you down, your silly bandz are no match for our SLAP BRACELETS
Hannafords thanks to this Clown
Perfect. :) E-mail is nicholas at nicholaswyoung.com . AIFF, FLAC, WAV is best since we'll re-compress to MP3/M4A for release.
hey if you ever need someone to take over your job let me know. Maybe we can trade? What's your apprenticeship like?
#really bad habit eating 1/2 done cookies from oven fresh
Watching youtube video of ourselves is quite embarrassing
Omg.. i just absolutely love finding money in my pockets that i forgot i had. Im 20 dollars richer!! w00. :p
Remember that video you shared with me the other day? Where the guy fell from the roof?
Haha I don't know. but now you have to tell me, Melvy because Bryce is asleep, and he'll be mad at me if I wake him up. lol
with the stars!
And Cesar almost fucks that up. Has Bartlett been acquired yet?
I wish I could run in it!
looking good! I just carved my first pumpkin last week :-)
Karin, talkative, selfish, superstitious, and inquisitive
Today's Mantra: I'm All In!
by distracting you mean multis coming in at 200+ right
keynote on Sleeping Beauty at
My nephew just fell off the couch. Ahaha xD
I'm in CT at my parent's house but I'm moving back to Indy on the 27th :D I'm going to stay w/ family friends until I find a job
no, it's for PC, but looks like a great game
I entered to win an Edible Arrangement in the
I'm not a Mahomie... I'm a MAWHORE ;)
I can't shake this feeling something is not right o_o
I am genuinely uncomfortable right now.
Homework time -__- blahh, don't feel like doing any at all!!xP
Ah Why ihave my cards at home >.< aw !startingnow ima carry them now everywhere i go ah ! D':
#HardRockRising Global voting starts today. Go to facebook and vote for Pgh's band #3DudesChillin - send them to London
No doubt, Kim. But I know a dog who spins because she's excited, happily anticipating something.
That's a great idea!
When you can look at a person and see thier soul,and realise thier pain,thier lack of love,and love them anyways,that is enlightenment!
RT for the campaign for summer sandal weather -- brr....what to wear in this spring cold!?
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 26
The rules and regulations have changed
I signed up for it yesterday. I only got one credit... :-/
Listening to mindless behavior or watching there video love u MB
Thought it would be amusing to read some ManU threads from yesterday. What a bunch of bad losers. "City bought the title!" "We always lose!"
I'm sorry, there has been a Train Wreck. ;)
Hey Ian! you can DM or me regarding
Who am I talking to?
I don't drink coffee often, but when I do, I get fabulously analytical.
..baby you can ask me to take a break Ill give it all away, dont care what the ppl say
Only somewhat related - I hate The New Yorker's use of the umlaut in words like preexisting.
#FF to national #travel pubs we love:
I'm definitely for IR in MLB
Bonnie Prince Billy is playing at the Apollo on May 21. Hurry, tickets are selling out.
Listening to old school Madonna....could not be happier.
seriously an honor
“He who rejects change is the architect of decay
ssame lucky k. (;
Oh really? hmm do you know the reasoning behind that?
Keith Fritz Furniture is now on Twitter! Please follow!
Keyword Optimization: The Cure for Search Overload Syndrome
anybody who doesn't listen to Coheed and Cambria should really question the music they listen to.
I hate that Jeremy Rosado was sent home, but i'm sure he will go places.
I love hanging out with my guys(:
Getting an uneven tan<<<
oh jeez...dont give them any ideas.
Another beautiful spring day in Pittsburgh! I biked in along the river front trail and saw 3 baby bunnies.
Happy Winter Solstice! xoxo
my baby boy was 1lb 4oz at my ultrasound yesterday :D
RT : Enjoy the science of spirits and experiment with the molecular mixology tonight for
Take it easy on the tweets. U don't want to go to twitter jail. Your on point w/ #Bulls games.
bro u and I Saturday. Buy me icecream tho.
Had an amazing massage at today - everyone should go check it out!
No 1 elearning softwre package can do vrything u want it 2. That's y our courses look very unique as we blend different packages tgthr
ya it does...everyone says its a great game
If you love me with all that you are,I'll make you a star in my universe.
Dear Stoli Raz & Sprite, We have to break up, you cause me more pain than pleasure. Sincerely, Hungover Melissa
Waiting in car for Hubby to finish practice. I have 6 books to read with me. Reading Tweets instead
love the way you lie :)
I followed
#WBWednesday All day long,Whether rain or shine,She’s part of the assembly line,She’s making history,Working for victory,Rosie the Riveter
Yeah, plus companies try to make sure only gays see their gay-friendly ads to not offend other customers. Ugh.
Excellent! Now...how do I take the bus...?
Chicago is now trying to put a 15-30 cent tax on sugary drinks. Under the guise to combat obesity. Already tax on bottled water. WTF!!!
what is the hashtag
RT : Blair Levin at #bbcsum12: Do we need better broadband? Maybe not everywhere, but in some places. <- What??
woo hoo!! nice job girl!! #happyforyou :-)
ISN'T HE PERFECT?
Phone is back yay
Apparently, there aren't any pictures of a baby turtle next to a croissant ON THE ENTIRE INTERNETS!!!
thats cool whtcha been up to?
sounds good, how're you?!
#preswk12 groups working together trying to document meetings and preserve info with OWS Think Tank group.
moved to dc
Death is hereditary.
So how long are you in TX for? Or can you not say?
Thought #H50 was done filming before the holiday hiatus but their camera copter has been buzzing my office on the pier for the last hour.
I don't know. ? RT What's in the box? WHAT IS IN THE BOX?
When don't we encounter problems?
'Orchids' was, in fact, the answer from yesterday!
Q: What does a good bar and a good woman have in common? A: Liquor in the front and poker in the back!
haha I can hear you jamming out
Tiger Woods in 3d...hes got this ill put a grand on it his new game comes out tuesday
Thanks express for giving me a lil MN history in DC. Today in 1978, Muriel Humphrey filled the Senate seat of her late husband H.
We've endorsed Tim Burgess with 63% of ballots cast, for Seattle City Council pos. 7, and Sally Clark for pos 9 with 74%.
The #Hootsuite ow.ly bar makes me not want to bother sharing. Even when you share it's a link. Better to X it out.
always Chelsea are going down XD
Our bodies often tell us what we need 2 know - we just need to learn how 2 listen!
Happy weekend to you. Paige is currently having her surgery with chemo, then off to day hospital for chemo.
Hopefully Mb Is #1 On The Countdown Today !
Don't worry, we'll be preforming all weekend. RT:“: watching & busting out the NSync moves<U+E415><U+E10E> >>>>>”
Solon When I give a minister an order, I leave it to him to find the means to carry it out
#FF Follow Friday follow of the day sportsmedia101.com
Loving 's new aviator, What a "Doll" :)
morning wake-up song: "In A Green Space"- Koushik
": and the man wasnt white, HE WAS HISPANIC ." Exactly they tryna make the minoritys kill each other off.....
i know omg kfnjdks
My television is muted right now, but it looks like Billy Crystal is about to be eaten...
I think they washed the shuttle down with bleach. On the outside.
lol. Its not easy at all, bro.
i may have peed on your bed once. and I'm kinda sorry. thats payback for leaving me outside.
If you don't like how I live,step away from the fence,stop craning your neck to see what's on the other side,and focus on livin ur own life
awwe long as it ain't yours...#DontWorry you still to
Big 3rd down conversion!
I could never go on a no-carb diet. I love sandwiches far too much.
Life loves the liver of it.
I fell out of interest for Twitter because I'm not satisfied with the Droid applications
You can just tell me and I will relay it to the forum!
Really #abc? Were all the girls w jobs taken? watching the
Why stop at just a cup?
Wine Release Weekend: Taste our newest vintage of Traminette for FREE, $3 glasses of this wine, and 20% off this wine. See you soon!
A Scanner's dilemma: which creative thing to do now? Work on a pendant? Write? Take photos of my work for my Etsy site? Sew?
My son has the stomach flu and I'm starting to feel queasy
yeah haha good times though.
#FNL reference at #ACES2012 #faultlines. Eps deal with disabilities, race that can get convo going w students about diversity and coverage.
Missed service tonight? Just want to hear it again? Contact to get a copy of the audio from tonight's service.
Given the past few days, every time someone famous starts to trend, I fear for their life.
Chicago dog
yep, are you?
I wish my sister was going to prom so I could help her pick out a dress and everything but no, shes not going to her prom. .
The optimist sees the rose and not its thorns; the pessimist stares at the thorns, oblivious of the rose. -Kahlil Gibran RT
Sitting next to who is unable to tweet and might have a heart attack.
& i look up 2 u gys & u r my inspiration & i would LOVE for you 2 follow me!(:
I think YES! It would look super cute! :)
Rooting for Toronto. Always had a good fanbase but not always a great team. That and watching LA falter is always fun!
Beautiful day today in Houston :)
ONLY 1 DAY LEFT till pre-sales for TA & T2 begin. 1st 100 bundles signed by Neal Morse AND Mike Portnoy!!! W.radiantrecords.com
Sweet victory...Kobe (a.k.a. - Fetus head) shamed on his home court.
Whateva girl! The last time we were supposed to hang out u stood me up. You ow up *yelling*
finally! won a huge pot!
Perfect evening. Wine, patio & the husband.
- whew. Especially today. Happy with AP...
I wish but I am looking for new producers for the team.
Up & early! Eating breakfast, then going around Quantico!
Watching the fight ....
Way to go #NHLPA... Thanks for screwing up a GREAT thing with realignment.
I watch the #Junoawards :)
That awkward moment when your friend is friends with the person you HATE.
- OMG.... he making me feel so fuckin unappreciated like he dont even fuckin care
I placed a bet on Denver when they were down 16.
Watching The Vampire Diaries<3 OMG my allergies are driving me crazy!
#Bucs got Carl Nicks to boost run blocking. Just got versatile, 3-down back in Doug Martin who can take full advantage.
Hey get out of bed and answer that burner cell so we can arrange to meet on some shady street corner!
Havent tweeted in like 3 days... Thank goodness Im back.. LOL..
Megan Fox Is Pregnant! « Houston&#39;s MIX 96-5
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6> Tom and Lynette be makin me sad
GOD DAMN everyone is having a baby -______________________________-
Friends hung himself from an adjacent tree. Then Zachary Barnes hung himself from a clothesline in his neighbor's yard. Natasha Randall
Christmas decorations are up!
Giancarlo Stanton is good at baseball.
Thank you! We love you, too. Can't say that often enough.
Watching come dine with me (:
Not feeling too good right now:(
Good Morning! What a Fantastic day! Walking a mile each day with puppies, and David, on South Beach Diet & losing! Getting ready for SNOW!
Need advice. Handyman is capping off our windows. Do we tip him, or just pay the bill? Don't use handymen much, we r DIYers.
"I'll never forget 7th grade, dancing with this girl, nobody knew her name we all just knew her as "hips" and I danced with her all night"
Joke of the Day..Yo mama's so nasty, I talked to her over the computer and she gave me a virus
Green century is hosting Samsung 50 state ecycle event tomorrow Utah capital.. W.e-cycleUtah.com
anyone know if Cinebarre offers gift certificates?
Aw, rats. Am I going to have to scroll back?
Good Luck , , , , this week at #SECsoftball Tourney!!
Will you be coming to Wednesday to see perform? See you there!
only until i graduate haha
CJ2K, ArianFoster, JamalCharles and Skreech have what in common? They got place in your #fantasyfootball line ups!
Took a nap earlier and had a nightmare, who does that
Don't worry that children never listen to you; worry that they are always watching you. ~ Robert Fulghum
Which old character would you like to return on Weeds and why?
well guess that works too but it's my last day at work tomorrow - starting a new gig on Monday
i don't claim no riches, or any miracles but im doing better
But I guess IDAHAT wasn't as snappy an abbreviation.
Know I'll sleep well tonight after a successful day of rigging & making paper!
urg why cant i sleep in???
A little RB talk but mostly about #NYCosmos '70s glory days and his #Playgirl shoot/Studio54. Interview great but too short.
HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND TO ALL MY TWEETS!!!!!!!
Oh, the dreaded third eye.
Learn from the bad days, don't dwell on them - concentrate on the good in your life instead
Yup. Guys got some nasty jingle balls
we need to chop it up!
Felly is one of the funniest dudes around on me
What's up with the station? Been off air all weekend. You guys toast?
Help Save Subsidized Childcare for Low-Income Parents. 9:00-1:00, Tomorrow - Capitol Building, 900 Court St NW, Salem Hearing Room 350
to that sounds so good right now!
That is so cute.
basketball will most likely be on Sunday nite if its warm enough..
EVERYONE!!!!!!! PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
on creating a #webprofile: "Most people don't have it... You can display your life in ways that reflect you."
Adios #pla12 & Philly, hello #cil12 & DC! The Spring 2012 tour continues. April stops incl FL Lib Assoc keynote. See u soon!
How do you define the term 'multigenre project' to students?
Got lots of love from random programmers today telling me not to let 's post discourage me from learning to code
Limit the number of participants, put like-sizes in together, keep an eye on tie downs and shut down if bad weather arrives
Why do your favorite songs sound even beter when you jam out to them while driving? I wish I was a truck driver I think...
NICE!!!! congrats!
I hear you, rain! The smell of rain in New Mexico is unparalleled.
One phone call can really change my mod
no problem!
I never seen anybody shred on a violin harder than Tory from
STANDARD FOLDER- expires 01/17/2012. Hurry, and take advantage!
Both of Us, or Arena! (: x
lol. I give you some credit in making me a better person
Some people think 1D aren't the hottest guys, so I'm ok w/ them sayin' they're ugly...but they can't say their music is ugly.
awesome man appreciate the support...
Just had my face rocked off by Girl Talk
I can't wait to see Grammy makeup! I think Nicki will have the best! Who's with me!
#GOP "VULTURE CAPITALISM" began w 'Darth "Vader" Cheney'=INVADED Iraq: ,NEW "VULTURE" Vader(INVADE Amer Companies & devour them)
Tomorrow is FRIDAY again...how did that happen?
Vanessa Lunnon is performing in "Getting Out" Friday and Saturday Sept. 11th and 12th at 8:00p.m. For tickets visit www.lyrichyperion.com.
Another great show by #HereComeTheMummies at the Madison Theatre in Covington last night...see you guys in July!
Chelsea. But it doesn't really matter much, does it?
beat ya!
Congrats man. Sad to watch your final show tomorrow but looking forward to seeing what's next.
Tweeps! Does anybody know what MKG has been charging for autographs? I need to be prepared for Weds. Pretty please. :)
indeed! Btw, your handle goes along pretty well with #iste11 theme for this year ;)
final presentation tomorrow night, then a 12-day break before my next session of classes.
Great post!
is gonna carve up the D probably, and then I'm gonna bring us back to win!
If she's a keeper, keep her!
check out my new novel Vanilla's Ladies read the free preview on my blog follow me x
I am honored and slightly confused considering I am a "Hump Comic."
the way in which you are burned is extremely funny though
$299 on contract for a phone with those specs? Lol
I’m afraid extraterrestrials have always exhibited an undeveloped aesthetic sense.
I had seen some going for ~180
Looks like the California Supreme Court wants to give the Prop 8 backers standing.
Never forget those who've been in your corner the WHOLE time..
Ok, so I'll have my MFA this November...tell me why I'm considering returning to complete an MA in English too!?
Chris Davis with insurance!
The Midwest Showcase will most likely be in August this year. Will the Lou be represented at camp?
I love the #twitterdata proposal! $vote +1
that made me laugh so hard. Love yous
is a dick, theoretically.
thanks for coming and the gift man. it means alot to me.
hey hun.. I didnt gt it.. Its been a min u been m.i.a lol
haha if you drew pictures you're definitely in the club. Sponge bob characters was my main thing
careful if u put it on the windowsill
aww maybe I'll see ya down there :)
If you were starting a #MLB #Fantasy #Keeper league tomorrow and you could pick between #Strasburg and #Aroldis #Chapman - who ya got?
Someone write Pretty in Pink fan fiction about the day Annie Potts asks for her prom dress back.
Who doesn't want free beauty products?! Last day to enter my giveaway... Woot woot!!!
Thanks, will be in touch. That's what happens when you haven't had enough coffee, was staring right at it :-)
-Knock, knock. -Who's there? -Daisy. -Daisy who? -Daisy me rollin', they hatin'.
follow mee :D
hi to chris carter for me! true buckeye fan. we really miss his son @ osu!
but not all the right people eat the crow!
do it. I hope they still have sunday matinees
"Do you know where to buy paint pens? I need to personalize my chug jug for spring break." -
I guess you were lucky enough to never have to fight, for your right, to party.
Why Does Everyone Love Hello Kitty Soo Much ,You Ask?Because She's A Silent Thug...
"That's what wins games. A lot of people see the alley-oops and all that stuff,
In M Cupcakes is giving $5 off a dozen reg size cupcake by just saying "mmmmcupcakes2012" 17 E. Flagler St., Downtown Miami 305.890.9868
Students, our quiet study floors are 3, 4 & 5.
good morning peoples ... esp. Staten - NYC - planet earth aliens ... no sleep till ...
damn how did you open it I tried to open it myself and couldn't figure it out lol
#shoutout to #follow this fool
Bout to get dressed hit the streets
I wanna Train in Thailand for Muay Thai and Brazil for Jiu Jitsu!
you're the reason why.. <3
Adam Lambert Making His 'Dream Album'
#mobilityshifts John Palfrey suggests the DPLA as a supplement to other endeavors. (Indeed libraries are vitally important in info culture)
SUNDAY CAN'T COME FAST ENOUGH :D
“: If I see you make a diving catch in the OF, you automatically become 10x sexier. #truetweet #justsayin' #grassstainsaresexy”
Hey With a song titled 11:11 I gotta get you some #ElevenElevenWatches to rock. Match up perfect to ur kicks, hat, clothes
on my to the movies
In response, we immediately scheduled additional courses
RT Let's come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
Go mobile w/ #prettyprogressive & download the "Live 365" app & search "UCTC Radio". R&B Songstress will be on tomorrow @ 11AM CST
Yeah I will, one day soon!
she was his manager
thanks to ur story change my life
So what the world doing?
nothing much how about you...:-)
it is a problem; much easier to shoot than read. You're right, time on the road = pricey, & I'd rather grab items than not.
Wish I could go back in time and undo the decision I made, but its too late...or is it?
In #SanDiego this week, scouting locations for the next Know a great conference venue? What do you think of #OGW November '12?
Just touched down in #Detroit... smells like baseball and Easter bunnies!!!
if u ever meet breezy any time in ur life remember to ask him who am i
It wasnt pretty.
Lindstrom in for #Orioles as Arrietra finished with 97 pitches/60 strikes and four strikeouts. LIndstrom has already given up a hit in 8th.
JR you called it
yes, it was a joke. I know my regular followers know I am not serious 99% of the time. Sorry for the confusion.
i want somethin good to eat... but im fuckin hungry so im making ramen. fuuuuuuck
Mapping out #Caps sked, a killer double-header on Sun 11/7 w/ Flyers at 5p and Land of Talk at Rock & Roll Hotel at 7:30p. Who's with me?
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. —Camus
call me
People will try to hurt u n bring u down in every possible way they can, I will not allow it any longer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pick up today's and read our latest issue: South Florida's 50 Most Powerful and Influential Black Business Leaders of 2012.
Thank you Boss I really needed this #Yuengling!
I'm interested to see how long before a company finds a loop hole or attempts fraudulent activity.
I was supposed to meet you tonight&hear ur angelic voice in person :( hope I get the chance to meet you one day.love you, night x
Congrats on your new venue !
Tomorrow is going to be the most stressful day of my life.
Thanks Kate! I love your face! I hope to see you at the tweetup tonight, mayhaps?? ;)
I've seen nothing so far this year or playoffs that indicates Westbrook will not shoot (or TO) OKC out of a game or two.
Isn't that a great feeling?!
Charles Jenkins and Fellowship of Faith just added to I Hear Music Concert 5.18.12.
BIRTHDAY SHOW tonight at Ella Lounge. 10 PM, $5. 9 Avenue A. Lots of fun.
So on my way to work this afternoon and eating my cereal in the car, I suddenly hear "is that peanut butter crunch!??" very enthusiastically
Smoothies seem to help pick up the day. Any good recipes? We've been using the same fruits as of late.
miss the GGirlz! have fun on the TM with your mum!
txting Him is the best feeling!"
We're giving away a $100 GC daily until Mother's Day, May 13! Just RT with #eBayMom for your chance to win! Rules
would so much rather be outside playing in the sun & blue sky
RT : Pls contact the House Ways & Means Commitee & ask them to vote "yes" on HB1073 "Public mass transportation"
I love being rejected by the IRS and finding out it's due to them owing us money instead of the other way around.
Winding up a great visit to University of British Columbia and their fantastic staff.
bout to rehearse w/ Kids These Days!
thnx for following me back :)
beautiful photo & congrats.
It's so funny watching march madness and seeing sitting at the replay table. Where is the orange tie cheese?
Listening to 's music..m She is so talented and amazing. Why isn't she famous yet?!
Medieval fantasy setting and works well. Great adaptation from book to small screen.
If I don't get coffee I'm a grouch. Not good. RT : I identify with this tweet way more than I should.
Facebook is fab but old school is (still) cool! Street outreach in the Castro tonite!
lmao says who. ?
yea #tru that was ARTEST out there!
RT Love the reminder! Getting into gear myself :)
Where are you going?
Guess we should have been more specific about wanting a government shake up..
anyone know where to buy Newcastle seasonal beer in the US?
Hey everyone I really enjoy ghost hunting and found some good software to pass on....keep on keeping on...
haha. it's how melville uses first-person free indirect discourse to show the limits to ishmael's beliefs via interactions w/ queequeg
Retweet this if you know how to retweet.
Picked up a Microcell from AT&T... hope it works. I'll finally be able to use my phone at home where we have no coverage.
You may not love me today, tomorrow, or ever, but I will love you until it kills me, and, even then, you'll be in my heart.
That it is.
Carson McCullers and Flannery O'Conner. Maybe if we read them more often, we'd be a better people. Think?
So excited for #MARDIGRAS only 4 weeks from today until my London loves come to town!
well I can tell you one thing that they might break up and you will have a chance :)
Almost ready to start filming... I just need to wait a few more days for this mic to come in the mail.
Thank you kind sir. I too look forward when we have the opportunity to meet.
you belong on csi with that body you look like a bad boy jason mccann right thurrr
Don't miss next Friday's in downtown San Jose, during the South First Friday event. (June 3) Cool stuff!
Lance Ball, you do not fumble Tim Tebow's football.
shit I guess we on the bus
Considering the circumstances, this was a semi happy birthday. I certainly am blessed with great friends and family!
Onward. And upward!
At least I'm not ugly. RT : Lmao I'm done with you lol I can't deal with a emotional niggas
Flicker for Good has a nonprofit program that's very affordable. Sign up for it!
Thanks Tracy, nice to meet you!
Just ate a Tuna Melt for the first time ever. How come no one informed me of their deliciousness before?
Thanks for reminding me. As an #Astros fan, it hurt even worse that it was him. Terrible loss, after we battled back.
#ff shout out to Break a leg on your opening of MISS SAIGON tomorrow night!
Just a big thank you to and for doing all this for us! You guys are awesome!
not when you're not really hungry... I had a huge sub before I got home from soccer
5 days wo graffiti makes one weak
I believe it's a coolpx somthing like that from Nikon I'm not sure but I'll check when I get home:) it wasnt that much $
Maybe I like to tweet instead of text.
This cold spell is not agreeing with us over here at the Just Walk office. Keep your pups warm.
Read more Apple jokes
o yea for got bout dat to so
Hey! Do you have a link to the prom tanning study?
Taking a little nap before heading to the Sharks v Red Wings playoff game. Being sick sucks. Go Sharks!
Another Monday?! Gross! Watch "Terrible People" and laugh your way through the day. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
THANK YOU SO MUCH SANDY! :-) Means a lot to me. Big hug!
I'm SO happy to include you, Amy! I love learning from others!!!
Is that agency-priced?
Boehner to Biden: "OK, fine. You wear stripes, I'll wear polka dots!"
No that's the problem. I act right too much and get fuk'd in the ass! NEVER AGAIN! SO DONE!
F*ck Yeah is following me on both of his accounts
Happy Birthday to my Gorgeous Girlfriend, I love you!
1st rd: make from the following: Cicero, Thomas Kuhn, post-humanism, and Teach Me How To Dougie.
thanks for the #FOLLOW Also
lol I'm good bro. I'm just mad hungry missing my bodegas
Happy Birthday !!!!! From Coastal Advisors,LLC. Big Daddy
just put together that capricorns ARE goats - 'genia pura'
Thanks Mr. Bunnow!
Business Development in the Med Center this morning. We love our Doctors and Attorney clients.
Ken is in the DollHouse bored as ever.! AIM me.! iKenDoll 8-)
quality, not quantity, right?
don't know if I want any. :/
Totally. Or kitty in bow tie, please!
haha if its nice out, get ready to catch ur first fish.
Summer plans with the fam. Job at Delta! Moving in apartment maybe soon. Worrying about my financial situation.
Tell me something you LOVE about yourself. Go!
Espresso, biscotti regina, beautiful and curious objects and Carnival of Souls today.
HI! I would love to know how to get those Buzz Growl pop ups that I see from you when I am on my avon site?
#1 reason I don't own a scale- I refuse to weight myself !
Thank you Becki - I love it that you guys check Twitter!! Estimated fix time?
Sounds like a book I need to be reading. Thanks for sharing the link.
“: I wouldn't have noticed im on my 4k + tweet if it wasnt for my lovely cousin ” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
U joes should have came n got some.
I never wanna celebrate a holiday again...they all suck especially today
I wouldn't be surprised if he donated his brain to concussion research like Dave Duerson.
Is convinced you don't need The Weather Channel to tell you it's gonna be HOT today when the temperature is already 91 degrees at 10am!
For those keeping track of my shoe status: today is a dirty Chucks day.
Surprisingly (or unsurprisingly) it's lacking on this side of south loop. :^(
The book I took on the plane was Art as Far as the Eye Can See (2007). Wonder if he's always been so adamant.
El Salvador :)
What could happen, right?
Hangin to see ! Great bar!
Now,He looks Healthy,and Happy!He should be my drummer I've been asking him since1995
Well done Chels, well done.
I just adore you and Jason! You are a perfect example of why single women should wait for the right guy!
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves.
- jus so you KNW they coming off ASAP
damn no big chocolate poles tonight
The best inheritance a parent can give to his children is a few minutes of their time each day. -- M. Grundler
id rather die
If I never see the inside of a hospital again, it'll still be too soon.
wednesday :P
I got a mention for ya, didn't get my paper 2 days in a row! Called this morn no call back. Can u say #FormerSubscriber!
The interference isn't even subtle anymore.
you're welcome..!
Baltimore all day baby!!!
Welcome. Exciting to see the progression from last year's promotion. Looking forward to more.
because in the military he didn't show up for 3 times
I can't help seeing links between what Geena Davis is saying and the current political brouhaha hating on women.
In a session to understand the process to obtain projects with the federal government.
I love that the director of the Jay-Z SXSW show is British. "Hea we ah with Jay-Z. He's walking! He's Walking!"
The left testicle usually hangs lower than the right for right-handed men. The opposite is true for lefties.
Well he Is deffinitely coming soon :) He wants to.
Wow: 2,500+ #gave2kpbs during our one-day drive yesterday. Overwhelming public support for public radio in San Diego! We are humbled.
I wish I was Kate Middleton
Thats what we like to hear! RT : Refusing to let a little snow get in the way of sushi at with tonight!
i love y'all. <3
Had to clean and unclog the kiddy potty at work today. Work: 5038, Rachel: 0.072.
Lmfao, this is gonna be good. I'm gonna just tell one of them because I know it'll spread like wildfire.
; wow so what i said was fuckery, <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> bett.
Loving it dude! Let me know if you ever want to throw some country tunes out there!! \m/
Good am
I guess i am in need of a serious bowl of milk and nutter butters ; )
Glad you like it Mr. Inspector. Can you snap a picture of the stamped image and share it with the world?
Bring on the New year. Got some big things happening.
It was a few weeks ago. How doesn't it look like me?
Hang on, this isn't the official City of Milwaukee account?
Oh lord AP, quit talking and show me some GLAMOUR!!!
You`re great! Thank u!
Sometimes you need a little in your life to get back into the groove of things. Who's your favorite female Country singer?
Yes, I meant exactly that time for the deadline. No, I won't extend it by "just a few hours." Of course I'm mean. I'm a teacher.
have great to cailforina
thank you for the info
Shout out to the new followers. :) love you all
You need to respect someone basically in order to trust them , it may sound confusing but think about it . !
Fuck a Hype Beast im on my own shit
Gig 'Em!! I'm an Aggie and I do a food show in Humble, TX! Excited to follow u!
SAVE THE HUMANS.
Currently listening to: stalled traffic on the NJ Turnpike. Sux!
Do you have a costume picked out?
I'm hoping the rain doesn't mess up any plans for the weekend. :|
I started back working out again!
Jeff Conine of the Marlins announcing team just said "nice load" re: Giancarlo Stanton's stance.
yep. poor kid.
If this conversation leads to something bad, I'm going to be pretty shitty... #justsaying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Whats up with facebook!!:/ ugh my account is temporarily unavailable!:/
I hate traffic court <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A8> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
just ejaculated in the marshmallow topping container at Menchies
that was unreal
Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders LOL
someone want to drive me into work on friday? i dont feel like buying gas
Balancing audience participation in an interactive exhibit with appropriate aufio levels is a challenge
THROW THE BALL DOWN THE FIELD.
Best sisig with my honey at Moda
Mine and E's too, not that he's tried anything else. Did you see the new location at 29/Barracks when in town? Crazy!
There's very few certainties in life, but if there is one, it's that the #Celtics will always have a goofy, white "hustler" on the roster
yes! free follow up eye appointment! 3:40pm on friday (self reminder)
merry Christmas baby!!!:)
Gotta prepare for the zombie apocalypse! Need to mod the Suburban...
Can't wait for west test with this week! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
no you aren't.
book time now... We got great rates cmon son
Gettin killed by the bugs on the soccer field..
If I had to choose...I know. Girl don't u know you're so beautiful
Really want Followers. If Anyone could Help I would Be so Pleased.
OH HAS ALREADY FOUND TONS OF GHOSTS. THEY EVEN HAVE "SCIENTIFIC" PROOF! (WITH REAL "SCIENCE.")
MILEY IS THE QUEEN OF THE WORLD ! yep MileyWorld <U+2665>
Who wants to hear some of the new material from the up comming full length?
working out and then getting drinks with yayy my love <3
You want to act like an adult, well fine I'll treat you like an adult.
My Birthday going good soo far!! going to the movies in a bit, gonna watch Silent House!! :)
Studies by the Touch Research Institute of the University of Miami report reduced anxiety and feelings of depression with regular...
hey text me!!!!
I believe the person they interviewed w/ the extra effort of the napkin sketches & social media + dev comm will get hired ASAP
I'm guessing, but not quite sure how that's going to work with PaPa. I'm thinking on it.
Floppers RT : The miami heats are some drama queens!!!! Everytime someone touch them they fall
Let's go Thunder. Speed up the pace.
Times available this week! Rates as low as $50/h. Our average cost for moving with packing supplies : $280 - $350!!! Unbeatable!!!
U and Sicki r just dick riders,Like Kim said"Bitchz suck cock,just 2 get 2 the top" I thought u were hot till u came @ Kim
Lookin at the constellation, me and god have a conversation.
hahaha! i did dip for a lil bit. but now im back! im good - what's goin on with you??
Nothing says America like a mullet and pizza.
If I was in 8th grade, and on acid, you would have totally blown my mind.
Following is the closest thing you'll get to attending every blue ribbon panel/conference on race & social justice.
Thanks for stopping in!
I'm really excited to graduate and move on, but part of me will miss high school. Nah, who am I kidding? Fuck high school!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><U+270C>
Why & how do I get in these moods?!?
Fat Gary is even better on
Better PB to chocolate ratio. Reese's is actually better with LESS chocolate. Crazy, I know.
you're in our thoughts in Rochester, NY- so sorry for your loss:(
Monday is apparently not my best day of the week. Maybe some chocolate would help?
Thanks for the RT, much appreciated
Left work a little early. Sitting in the February sun outside Caribou, feet propped, sucking on an iced latte, reading a book.
All packed for Louisville. Looking forward to the Jazz Educators Network conference.
I miss Adrian/:
Welcome home!
Yes. John Jaddou's baby.
good luck! It's a great field this year
keep making #mubb proud. good luck today big fella
Welcome!! I'll B there 4 2weeks in April!
hi people....
I missed the bye bye bye moment. I wish I had caught it on video though so we could laugh about it once the project's done
omg i finally figuresd out what u meant about "be jelly." oh man, i need to get it together
"True Blood"is now casting5major roles are being cast for Episode #504 respond to with true in subject
Thank you for the RT! Hope you have a great day!
No Zoofari for me. Are you going?
RT : Reach out to #Julia! RT : Okay is just 18 followers away from 40K.....
I'm on a boat.
Lls me to! Hi my name is nay nay & I luv food<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Calling Miller Park "the keg" is quickly climbing my list of pet peeves.
Sitting in my room drinking cider, watching spongebob on a chilly day in the mountains.
vibe vibe vibing vibes
Agreed. Nashville is a friendly and fantastic city.
Today's tea: Strawberry Lemonade from A lil' weak, but not bad! Next time: More tea, less water. Then again, I don't add sugar.
I got 99 problems & a spider's one
Payphone by Maroon5 officially my favorite song!
M, sounds SO good! Love GT. Great meal. I'm on the air all night! Wish I could attend! Rain check.
Why thank you gentlemen!! Very sweet of you ;)
Damn is a damn scrub! I punked on him nasty! Pussy(:
#CTAC Opening Night Party ! Already had the chance to meet in person. Wonder who else I'll meet!
I just deleted over 2 thousand emails from my inbox.
RT if you're online ! (:
Our #MothersDayGiftsForOurBeautifulMothers won't be as good as writing a song for our moms <3 Turn To You
Because, as a nation, we've got far more faith in money these days than we do in God
glad to meet ya! :)
yeah! :) we can just chill and stuff! :)
more than anything mothers want/need 2relax and kno thy r loved... flowers is nice gesture but its over used ndi not a relaxing activity
trying to figure out how many, if any, quarterbacks the eagles have for the season. most likely some kind of fraction.
Gotta love Dr.Dre's 'The Chronic' album
Zombie video promise: remembered. You will be held accountable, Ms. Chiou.
Quinziato looks very wee at the front of the peloton.
RT : joining us for the Partnership to Eliminate Disparities in Infant Mortality meeting in Detroit!...
is it more intense then the new jersey reunion?
Plan your meals in advance. Saves time, money and calories.
That awkward moment when you say your just taking a fifteen minute nap and then you wake up at 1am.....damnit
She's cute like a dear everyone wants to shoot!
I am so sick of being SICK!
mad dog... Sitting with Dave Hovis reading your tweets. Trying to get him on twitter! We agree re: importance of espys!
I miss the babys!!
Is he a magician, then? I DUNNO WHO HE IS
"The Square" is taken to absurd levels. Audible laughs in the theater because of how far it went.
I have to be careful of my thoughts, they may become words at any moment, and that could cause all kinds of problems
What amazes me is how many people follow me even though I tweet adolescently about a British actor I've never met.
omg yes We The Animals Justin Torres.
Dear ppl who love FB but complain about the horrors of wedding &/or baby pictures:You don't understand the "social" in social media, do you?
so excited to added yall to banner day!!! Thanks for getting your banners today!
The greatest moments in our history have been when we've invested in our underdogs.
!!!! RT : If OKC want to have a chance against the Spurs they should start Harden at PG. They won't but it's their only hope
The best part of this hockey game.. Or any is always coaches corner.
Holy tebow time
Vinyl Grooves Show is on the air now with host Gregory Hatanaka and guest/writer T.L. Young. Featuring an eclectic selection of music.
Q2. Training begins with a need, fous on fulfilling that need and the training will always be relevant and necessary
@ The Greenroom tonight show starts at 10
Skipping this year, I've got so much work to do and the scene is too tempting. I hope God is proud of me.
I wish I did
If someone got in my car right now they would think I'm ratchet as fuck lololol
What's the difference between #deification and #substitution?
Sounds great ! We're looking forward to it. Have a wonderful weekend!
a million
Limited Edition copies of The Mynah Birds' 7" "It's My Time" and "Go On And Cry" will be available this Saturday.
when will we ever be together again? I don't foresee #classreunion3 happening and/or him coming to WI with you.
Omg yeah
IS IN THE SAME COUNTRY AS ME, OOOOOOOMB!
1st Prediction for 2010 Regular Season Wins -- Packers Over 9.5 wins -- Pack will win 7 at home & at least 4 road games
Mona is A ! What did u guys think of #PrettyLittleLiars spring finale ?? any fav parts ?? New episodes of PLL and Jane by Design June 5 8/7c
Haha arent you supposed to try to do better than your last?
It's pretty good, actually. Nice weather today, maybe not as nice as San Jose, but nice! How are you?
It's not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.
[provocative] “: RT Brands that market heavily do so because they have an inherently weak value proposition #HBRchat”
#4 Never saw FIR step out to talk to their fans before or after a show and I traveled farther than my hometown to see them
well at least I'm getting used to this on-and-off bullshit
Earning an MBA is a good idea for anyone interested in a successful business career.
Real Housewives of New Jersey Jewish Edition: family reunion very shortly...who doesn't love barbeques & Jewish moms?
fuck yeah they are
please contact me after the holidays.
The rumors are true. Corporate is shutting down all MLM sites. Stick with us as locally we are looking at options. Stay tuned.
Made another Great Cornocopia Balloon!
Recovery. Just as important as working out.
LOL I actually wrote that on my facebook page.
Here we go again.
Oh hai, thanks!
yup I'm from MI, america's mitten! lol
where you come from
no because you no come to NYC. Miss you Andrew... RT Because you're annoying? ; )
some backup receiver Tiquan Underwood. Still sucks though
Loving the show on HBO.. True Champions...
Come on, Wake. Don't blow it.
Ad hoc participatory archives dealing in analog material seems like interesting idea, but there is more to do to with our digital assets.
Great Game Kentucky
hey Justin can you follow me ? please you'll make me the girl more happier in the world if you follow me <3 i love ya
About to see the #HungerGames with ....I'm so glad it's not in 3D! Lol. May the odds forever be in ur favor.
after slow chanting i feel like i've had a warm bath. all i feel like doing is putting jim-jams on/ having warm cup of cocoa.
When pride comes, then comes disgrace, but with the humble is wisdom..
• Hate to tell you, the older you get the worse it will get.
If you're gonna give the president flack for talking about killing Bin Laden, then Dubya's entire reelect is null in void.
Occupy Cinema was in Cahiers du Cinema!!
Iron Chef Marquette in TONIGHT at 7pm in Marquette Place! Come watch this show inspired battle in the kitchen.
RT : If you dare to struggle then you dare to win, yet if you dare not to struggle then you don't deserve to win...
im sorry boo, i have class early today so i tucked in early last night. hope you sluts had fun. are u doing tbox next weekd?
I totally respect Kimbella for gettin so deep
Kids say the darndest things! RT : Overheard in my house "Look what I made mommy, it's a squid and a turkey"
-12 today in Denver....
Great Blog! Great post! I'll try it!!
Another day to please your customers
She'll be back at the end of this month! Thanks for watching!
yes, change is good!! I LOVE Ozzy's Boneyard!!!! Loving all the
Crazy thing is, I once mentioned to someone years ago that Scott's TV & radio commercials should feature a Scottish guy. They laughed at me.
yo be speaking the
Whoooooohoooooooo! RT : Half way to a super bowl
Holy Lord. ...that was sick. Tears in eyes, & I'm a Mary J fam, so major kudos!! said it best. Dude, you r blowing away JLO
You too! I got mine from my dad.
I am having a nice day and I love the new Ipod video camera it's really quite impressive for such a small device.
No i haven't but I want to! I also want to sit in with u next week when is good?
they've been replaced by DIY Soda machines
Just bought an 8 dollar salad and it turns out I'm not even hungry. Fack
I imagine a lot of girls will be pretending to drown this summer. Haha. ;)
Up since 5am this is going tobe one long day. -_____-
I <U+2764> MUSIC
Virginia man receives decades-old postcard from mother depicting Chicago's ... - Washington Post
well said!
You're fat. #yolo You Obviously Love Oreos
Thanks! It was a very beautiful thing to watch in a cemetary in the middle of the night. I'm glad the photo caught some of that.
Thanks so much for the support!
Good Morning! Rise & Grind!
my semester flew by and now I just don't know what to do with myself lol
So cold...... all i can do is hope someone finds me before im swolloed completely by the darkness...
I hate Manchester United
ikk it sucks :P
ooh frfr just goin whip it out huh??? Lmao *looks for it* lmao j/p or am i ummO:-)
Now that's an upset!
Since I'm at the HS level, don't know much about picture books and lower levels but they seem entertaining.
Lunch with hubs is not nearly as much fun.
I am going to opening day, for the #2016WorldChampion #Astros, going to be in Houston for B-Witt's wedding
welcome to the Old Dominion! Virginia is for Lovers...
Wish I was in SC with my fam today to celebrate my little nephew!
I'd forgotten how much the Metra pedestrian tunnel by my office reeks of urine.
heart attack - trey songz >>>
"You gotta know when you gotta good thing <3"
loved hearing all the fantastic stuff is up to from your eye on them..they're going to blow mobile up.
We're on our way to rehearse Debussy and Wagenseil with harpist Ursula Holliger!
Damn, I slept all day. Now if only I could have slept the rest of the year away.
wow the lies coming out of scott walker campaign to save butt from recall are incredible and volumnous.. what a horrible politician.
Shoutout to go follow her, her tweets r pretty sweet
The BET Awards Wasn't planned right this year And many artist are disappointed . What do you think ?
use hot water and epsom salt!
From the same book: "Follow-ups, we call them. We'd revisit the birth of Christ if we could squeeze a new angle out of it."
I shot this awesome watch yesterday and every second it ticks. I just want to throw it at the wall right now
Who has done a WordCamp presentation? I'm curious about time length, slides needed, etc. Thinking of applying.
Spacecraft, electric cars, green tech... anyone know when China will produce a website that doesn't open every link in a new tab?
ShawnMikael(s) moves on to the next round cc:
when u hitting austin again?
lmaoo u rite
So sad to see Apple stocks declining in value. :-(
oh wait got one of them... Lol
don't make fun of him brooke
Xubuntu definitely boots up faster than Fedora 15 XFCE...
s up
What's with Pinterest? Something to do with Harold Pinter?
If I'm Spitting on a track ..its most likely made by ME or my BRO !!! And we got some FIRE for yall coming soon !!!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!56
I swear Tony Allen never has a fresh cut. He love to be a lil bit ruff.
It's love when you hear their voice in your head while your reading their texts.
Had a great conversation with Thomas (chickenpickin )Richardson about learning and doing pubic folklore. Great to have good colleagues.
The #Badgers win! Bring on Ohio State!
pair of jeans that fit just right....o:
LOL! She was nervous bro!!! You could see her legs shaking as she was attempting to dive from the top
"hard parts are the cultural practices and structural change"
it's definitely not a conspiracy lol
Holyfuck a car drove down my street and I thought the holy spearit had entered my room from the headlight reflecting on my walls omfg nsjasm
happy saint pattys day. I just started following you on twitter.
My story is I was bullied and rejected and wanted to end my life but I fought so hard to overcome and survive .Sad day but I am sure CONT
hey sweetie! I hope work is getting better for you!! You need to come over when you're free & we can talk and watch a movie!!
In very related news...I'm officially on the market & dating, I feel so sorry for you fellas.
Thanks for the RT!
Holla! STOKED. You know I love me some food trucks!
Look at my phone see name ...put my phone down without replying -__- lmao
#BOOTSTOASSES TRENDING WORLDWIDE!!!
Beautiful SF, please stay nice out long enough for me to take my clothes off and get some great photos!
Drop it like its hot
Can't wait to see
I saw PageOne back in March. I liked it and thought of rebooting the news throughout the movie. I hope you check it out.
is a stalker.
you be Saying I Love Black Thunder!!!
yeah I grew up in big spring - about 40 minutes away.
Ross stop, new decor stuff!
Omfg I love you so fucking much!!!! I'm determined to get a reply from you on here!!!! <U+E022>
Follow me <3
Ctfu , I'm Not Doing That, He Is , I'm Just Tweeting Man
Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry Jerry!!!!!!!!!
I changed the way I looked at things, and the things I looked at changed.
Not again..
Will do. Very much looking forward to it.
that makes two of us rofl
He dies RT : About to peep this Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol movie. *turns phone off so no one spoils it*
LSU Tigers fall short in bid for sweep of Georgia Bulldogs
Thanks for following & the great mention!!
#osamabinladenisdead yay!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now my brother can come home
ha will do.
The Godfather, Jaws, Sleeping Beauty, Metropolis, Sunset Blvd., Saturday Night Fever, Easy Rider, The Bridge on the River Kwai.
I hate when my eyebrows dry all crooked
Oh gahhhhhd. Yes yes yes! I can't get over how sweet they were. *Swoon!
ikr it shall be fun
Dem so Called Bad HOES. So weak had to jump her... 6 against n she still came out scratchless... They clearly cnt find.. Team New Girl
Looks like love has finally found me hmmp*
That Flyer fan behind the Pens penalty box appears to have ordered the same ladies frames that George Costanza did
Awkward moment when you see a person from the team you hate the most out in public..
were very nice looking, but they allowed depression and hopelessness get the best of them, and they took their own lives!
Real eyes realize real lies
TWiTTER iS BULLSHiTTiN, CATCH Y'AL LATER!
:{ He went ta sleep on me
Hitachi FXTRIO-77 Whiteboard | refurbished Office ... - Tech for Less
I HATE WHEN they skip nicki's verse in ass
Cars & Coffee Nashville yesterday had a great turnout of Enzo's masterpieces & an original Cobra. RIP Caroll Shelby
sean berry just gave me a frown face. Says he would love to see you.
and of you boys want to teach about DM? ;)
So cute!
I won't stunt when I win the mega millions, I promise
Carmageddon baby boom. Seriously. This is hilarious.
#IfOnlyYouCould see how much I love you, how much I miss you, and how much I want to be with you.
Serving as a judge today for Emory Goizueta Business School's MBA Marketing Presentation Day
It looks like they're using Adobe Connect Pro
Happy New Year!!!!!
ladies, if you want to maintain control of your uterus, you CANNOT vote republican in 2012.
yep....so it goes with the #furkids!
Ah : ) That's the age I'd love to work with (that's what I think right now, anyway!).
Of course there are people who don't believe Obama's views on gay marriage were evolving. They dont believe in evolution anyway.
it's the biggest one I've ever seen.
reason what is your reason for hating....its a reason for everything
I actually wasn't really looking for him...
Love the song "Home". Listening to it at the end of the performance gives me chills. So meaningful to me.
hope you come and surf again soon!
. Not yet. Curating it tomorrow night and will post.
Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas Gas .. STOP .. Now Make Them Muthafuckin Prices Drop!
and i have tues./thurs. classes
Hard to top corn on the cob + watermelon with the windows open on a beautiful Sunday night while gearing up to watch
didn't like the performance bro, but been a fan of yours from the start and its NOT time for you to go. Still got a vote here
i get the sense that's the case. i understand his point though. after all, he made git the way he wanted it and github removed it! why?
Best eye-trip ever!
I just want to let someone know, that even in the midst of your situation u can have the victory!!!!
Fate is what we make of life's twists & turns. We were never meant to be silent.
today I find out if I am a finalist in the speach contest. Prayers please.
Just watched speaking out with awesome show. Can't wait for Floyd to repeat history on cinco de mayo and be victorious
seriously? I like you man, but you sound jaded. Learn the sport dude.
Don't follow shit. Make shit.
No fuckin' way, kid.
Cause it's actually kinda far. Like two hours away and I never have a reason to go
Great day for it! RT : Farmers Market - ice coffee on board!! Come join the fun
Standing room only at Queen Street Commons yesterday with ! Suzanne certainly knows how to share knowledge. #Lunch&Learn
oops! I mean Legolas.
Back atcha! Have a
I chose the first no matter how ugly I am they all look better
Back from 6 days in #Haiti. Most public squares in Port-au-Prince remain tent cities; thousands w/o homes. Rebuilding too slow.
There is a car riding around shooting fireworks in my hood. I have an unopened beer waiting to fuck his back window up.
What can I say? The whole "rust bucket" sequence is perfect. & unlike some, I have no problem with Tony Stark killing people.
Kiss the sauce!
Penn Virginia Misses Overall
. Yo kid. The is calling your name.
I won already. I am Commissioner of Publicity :-)
Get it. Well, as long as you're talking in metaphor here. #SaveMeOne RT "First order of business: destroy In and Out."
"Quiet I got sum shit cumn"
Fact: Lots of midwestern kids still grow up thinking "colored" is the proper way to refer to African American people.
what is the story with a google invite?
Find your freedom in your music find your Jesus Find your cupid<U+2665>
I would hate to be Swansea, United is going to rain down goals on them.
We rely on extrinsic incentives in education...A's and F's.
Deep. RT And thats why I stay single. Females get so caught up in their appearance that they forget to develop character.
Especially if you have a peanut allergy.
get well soon and return to my beloved PACKERS Mr. Blackmon!
no, but playing in Las Vegas with Joey DeFrancesco this weekend (4/20-21). Cheap flight?
the case? comes in many colors!!!!1!!
Client meeting! At #victory brewery nonetheless
Watching #RG3 #Redskins press conference. He is an impressive young man.
OMG tweets from the womb! (via )
any free picks for tonight?
Pics of new wee sister?
Those are two huge responsibilities. What song are you singing and what is on the menu?
shhh it was suppose to be a secret :(
- hey Kare, it's been a wild day - haven't even had a chance to read your comment...looking forward to connecting -
Why does he have to leave </3 :(
seriously, is that too much to ask for? :/
in the vein of Do you see that as feasible?
Join in helping to provide 40 meals for every RT
Ten World Champions limited edition prints of Nelson Mandela signed original artwork released in USA-details at MandelaArt.com.
I want Daric Barton off my team and off the planet
Enjoy ! Sounds like fun.
This is Mary McElhattan from Las Vegas. Just found you on twitter. Been thinking of you, would like to connect soon!
No one wasted more potential. RT : Antoine Walker has retired from basketball.
how have you been doing sexy momma
"Kobe should have been more aggressive to get the ball...yadda yadda yadda" oh, wrong person.
I thought Frank implied the GF is no longer?
Trying to wake up???? Hit our neighbors for a cup of almost famous Irish coffee!!! I could definitely use one and so can you!!!
met today. girl's got it together.
Oh that's right... Nothing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind
Pfft I wish.
Awesome, thanks for the answer. I figured it was something like that but wasn't sure.
or drug her coffee in the morning she always comes into
no problem!(:
#littlerandomsierrafact my favorite tv show is Law & Order SVU!
hey we should hook up while you are here, I'm sure you and have lots of fun things to talk about ;-)
haha, thanks though!
As does Scout. Although, more often, I'm the jerk...
The current recommendation from the American Academy of Pediatrics is to wait until at least 4-6 months before introducing solid foods.
Hahah We would..... but it would end up being fair... in a sweepstakes sorta thing.
actually found out it is believe it or not :-)
dont worry we will throw that lead away
i am drinking yay
off course let me not forget about my bestie <3 <3
Tough to catch with all those corners!!
I am seriously troubled by the proposed rapid consolidation in the telecommunications marketplace. ~ Conrad Bums
Taco night(:
hell yeah son! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
there should be six seasons in a year: summer. fall. FASHION. winter. spring. FASHION. fashion week...love it
Haha okay I hope their office is still open. Or else I'm gonna be UP-set!
InsurTexas is OPEN for business. At this time NONE of our carriers have suspended binding. Please let us know who we can help you and/or y…
Everybody Mention Me !
Please advise: My supervisor asked me to make sock puppets. I've done them for fun, but isn't it bad to do it professionally?
okay, that quote alone makes me want to go pick it up. that's beautiful prose.
we come to la, I got a record label called rokkstar records, we can put you out.
it starts this friday, the 23
Favre wondering why it took the Packers so long to go up by 8
Thank you ... i'm looking forward to your tweets
A girl in a bar points at a guys beer belly. She says is that miller or bud? He says, idk but there's a tap underneath if you want a taste!
RT Student warning! Do your homework early. Wikipedia protesting bad law on Wednesday!
Serving lunch tomorrow between 9th and 10th street on Morton.
Gonna run.
u funny lol
Tired ; Gotta Wake Up Early ! Ahh
Actors - thinking about your big move to New York? Check out our site! www.TheActorsGuideToEverything.com
I swear $%&* this phone
was said In a speech at the Natl Fed Summer Meeting Judge Glenn Hatchet discussing the value of high school athletics
HEY IM BEING NICE WHY ARE YOU OBJECTING.
no problem!:)x
RT RT Instead of playing the victim, try playing the Hero.
I scratched my tattoo, and now it's all patchy and ugly. Maybe pat it? Or some lotion?
Fun Fact: in his spare time Grover Norquist is a PhotoShop whiz who enjoys depicting members of Congress in sex acts with animals.
Where's the back channel for the #NSVFSummit ? Come on people! There's this thing called Twitter...
I live for fukin n party'n now how insane is tht -
#noir What happens when fiction set in the sixties collides with real life when you're sixty?
sorry idk wht u wnt me to say. I wouldnt break up with him to go back wit chris. Not yet. I thought chris had to earn evrythng back
really good :)
Back by popular demand: Story on Lakeridge football stars who win games and tweet all about it. Coming up at 11.
Happy Easter Sam! Hope it's great! (:
Good Morning Hope Everybody Has A Good Day :)
<U+2754><U+2754><U+2754> don't act like your life is bad or something.
so this guy who ran the first "marathon" he was by himself, so who really knows if he ran the whole way i mean he could have hitched a ride
Fake friends believe in rumors. Real friends believe in you.
Just read your webpage and watched your video... amazing! God Bless You!
sounds good dear.
u can bite me anytime lol
We're playing an early show at tonight as part of The Liquid Forum 5:30-7:30 PM- Located in Boise's BODO- No Cover!
What did you think of Tupac's "appearance" at #Coachella?
A note from to pack rain gear #ala11 in NOLA reminds me how much I love those downpours!
Little big planet 2 >>
I"ll be attending the International Council of Shopping Centers meeting in Dallas, TX 9/15/10. I'm so excited!!
Oh & my twin polished my nails pink yday.. I was to stylish.. I'm leaving them for a wk
-I should have mentioned that what I linked you to was written in 1933 by W.E.B. DuBois (hence the unusual words used).
Every single person is playing with their phone, including me.
Bitch, please. You don't know me.
Wife recovering well, son doing well, oldest son met baby brother today. Today is a great day
there will only be one you ....never will there be another you...that makes you one of a kind doesnt it?
Great workout with Sarah! Lecrae is great to listen to espiecially when running. :)
is counting the days...just chillin at home after work...I have the best of luck...
meeting with national restaurant chain, major donor, pharmacy, and a grocery chain. And you?
Sometimes stupidity can really bite you in the ass
hit me with a dm mighty mouse
I blame Bev ;p
writing my Researching a Primary Source paper is going easier than expected.
Haha last nite, aftr i said goodbye, my hair smelt like him :) yuummm
It's Fat Tire Friday at Fatso's! $3.50 pints of Fat Tire all Friday and join us tonight for lots of Fat Tire giveaways!
Anyone know where to get Atole?
72 law enforcement officers were slain in the line of duty in 2011, an increase of 16 over the previous year, according to new FBI report
Awesome! Brian Anderson just mentioned me on TV!
Have u hugged your small publishing company this month? C.V. Mosby says, it's Small Press Month! Here's to the small publisher going strong!
Check out doing his thing on "caught her looking" www.whoistrillogy.com
Going to sleep because insanity is creeping up...4 am is no time for ppl to be awake without the proper drugs.
How are you sposed to charge your
Getting shocked and beaten with a meter stick in kamo's class today.. its okay
#AskGarber Any thoughts for #MLS to move to a winter schedule?
Said, Said. . . why are you awake? You're waiting for me to write something witty. I'm going to humor you any second, now. . .
I second that idea.
A mother's heart is a patchwork of love.
RT : I heard put his money on Cotto this coming saturday...- true, got money on him to lose. Lol
Starbucks! Now to do some more homework! : )
Leadership - The power is detested, and miserable the life, of him who wishes to be feared rather than to be loved.
and congrats to for watching 9 screens simultaneously, and tweeting about all of them
Hot towel on my face>
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
Cheers to a honeymoon weekend spent with at !
Congrats to David Courreges, new president-elect of the Austin Young Lawyers Association! Good things are coming to AYLA!
If your company needs better help with its web presence, message us and we will make sure you are taken good care of. Or just ask a question
How are senior services using social media? Besides Facebook, that is.
#actorsloungelive cruel intentions
We need to give the Nuggets credit for there half court offence they only had 14 fast break points last night out of 113 pts
Thanks for the #SundayShouts!
Holding her hand in public, is just another way of saying you're proud to have her. #boyfacts»
RT : Internship: Summer Intern – Pace/MacGill Gallery – New York, NY: individualized tasks. Interns will also travel to......
Oh hot chicks galore today
my bad im still ur friend lol.
If u want something, u'll do anything to get it, even if there's a 99% that u wont get it, but if u really want it, u don't let that stop u.
Road Rage, Murder, Protest and Repression in New Maadi, Cairo, Egypt.
yes! Great to have you. :)
My God, Apple just unveiled a Higgs Boson. With a touchscreen!
RT : Q1 not all paper books get returned in one piece. A higher price? Maybe?
Great, looking forward to it.
Agree! Add beer to this equation.
WANNA GO TO MOVIES BUT I SEEN EVERY MOVIE! !
“: Don't do a sport if you're just gonna bitch about it everyday.”
He has two Friday lunch shifts as final exams of sorts first. And he needs 's vote too.
Celso invites DOE to tackle Zambo power problem
TRYING TO GET to answer my tweets about his perfomance on monday
#blago just let him keep going until he hits Colfax.
This is an incredible moment
whats a pink dolphin??
loves margaritas made by Thomas!
Reading a lot more on the operating costs of YouTube- article on NewTeeVee, CNET, VideoNuze. Figures vary by as much as $300 million. Wow.
Come see Adrenaline at T.J. Mulligan's on Trinty Friday or Dan McGuinness on Spottswwod Saturday. We'll buy you some drinks.
": we in y'all city tomorro." Cool for how long???
ignore the doubters and negative feedback from those who aren't in your shoes. Time to go eat in Philly!!!!
#mzinga - love the recorded webinar so I can view on my schedule as well as Twitter link for feedback/questions!
Watching photojournalist presenting Manfrotto webinar about her craft. Great stuff so far!
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
#Circuital on repeat today <3 Thanks boys.
It means your pee is going to be AMAZING.
There's this sweet boy who is battling cancer, and his biggest wish is to trend on Twitter. Let's make it happen!
The 'I Love Lucy' episode at The Brown Derby is by far the best thing ever.
thanks! everyone follow this girl!
Meet Brady's biggest fan. RT : if my super model millionaire wife told me to do my hair like that, I would.
Thanks for an awesome dinner last night!
that would be my nightmare. Although I'm not above portapotties or a well placed tree / garbage bin
Eventhough I am a #PACKERS fan, congrats to the #Patriots and
I'm sure the iPhone Instagrammers are getting an avalanche of follow requests today.
starting the 4th season of Mad Men..... I'm turning into an old woman
#np: Teardrops on my guitar <3
thaank you :D
We'll just have to wait for destiny to play its tetris.
I'm loving this whole #Christmas thing!My family has a beautiful tree, wreaths & twinkly lights! What's your favorite thing about Christmas?
Just a look, no reason. I like that cute profile pic..m. Still beautiful as usual! ;)
how could I not every media outlet from E News to CNN talked about it
I say bad. And kinda lame.
"O we're like brother and sister.Just the best of friends." yeah..except you boned.
nothing you are just too funny.
awww poor baby...how u feel now?
afc west qb addition: tim tebow at mile high, jamarcus russell at the coliseum, and ryan leaf at qualcomm
I just wish that we could stop leaving Battier and Miller for wide open 3s and play acceptable paint defense against James.
I can't go on the first....unless you guys come with me....have a prior engagement.
GOODNIGHT GUYS THANKS TO ALL THE SUPPORTERS OUT THERE U DONT NO HOW MUCH MY LIFE AREADY!! CHANGED TI AMO *kisses* #prideISwhatsINSIDE <<~ :D
oh yes you did Sarah! I am so excited. A bit nervous too. I won't lie. But isn't that what #impossibleleague is all about?
Get used to it, Miami. WTF Heat
And Dempster's gem is wasted - so disappointing.
I do have teacher leaders, but don't remember tweeting about it.
Can't wait for the #semtech BOF this year :) //
Thank you Lisa. I'm really sorry about your experience at the Monona store. We are glad to make your day a little better.
When can iOS users access the replay? I'm on the MyPPV page right now and it's just a white box whenever I click on Border Wars
I knew i fit in here! Luv johnny on the rocks too! RT : vodka (or scotch) is the official drink or #shehechat :)
In the end, your success will be measured by the positive impact you have on others..Ready for a great week of training.
Am I an official tweeter if I am starting to think in tweet terms & #'s?
I got money hoes money and hoes
spend time wid ur family cuz it's jazzy's birthday,don't spend it wid ur gf!!!family time is just for family not wid ur gf...
SO I'M IN MY STUDIO LISTENING 2 ROCK CD'S, MAKING MY OWN ROCK COMPILATION & DIDN'T KNOW, THE FABULOUS T-BIRDS HOT STUFF ALBUM, IS THE SHIZZZ
The funny thing is I'm not even going to chicago & why would I be travel buddies with Patrick?
Deal. Fish tacos and drinks at Southbeach in OB some time...
Keep on pulling out, America.
no lucky me!
"If you like it then you shoulda put a ring on it..."
Ohh baby I like it, its so exciting. Don't try to hide it. Imma make you my bitch.
Pretty much feel poopy
iyiyim.d biz ne ?? .d
All i want is Peace in the world x :) I hope that happens 1 day ;)
Welcome to Twitter !
I will honor old prices for you.
Been there. Done that. Not gonna do it again.
Money would be nice, but you don't get anything at all - being greedy. That last tweet was my 1111 & I'm sticking to it !!!
what he say quit playn
Extra ,, university or college based mostly distance learning demands that you manage your specific time and keep inspired
I've decided that there is really no good explanation for tonight's #Obamajam. Only two ways out of the airport.
how yall gone tell me ... cp3 all day
RT : "Your move, Dwight." - Stan Van Gundy
I'm probably the only wanker who doesn't go to confirmation :o
Thanks for the retweet!
Another day, another day of terrorists proving their methods.
“: whaTS good #pvillian” up here in Michigan right now, what's goin on bro?
Couldn't make it to Jose Antonio Vargas presentation at UW? Let me know if you have something you want to ask him.
S/O Thanks!
u said when u get to 100,000 Likes Or Followers? You'll Skype 5 Fans On Twitter Or FB? thanks can't wait for DOAWK Dog Days.
no im not kidding. it was so creepy. hows that not smart tho? its spelled right. LOSER.
So fun to have all these piano teachers on at the same time! :-)
We'll see Chris we'll see
follow me and I can message you some suggestions.
Keep supporting :) they are working hard on new music!
Dark Shadows fans. Did you see it "with friends" ie in a group or "alone/date. Taking a poll here.
#ThingsILookFor ways to get superpowers
Painting the shed I think the color looks good so far
Oh, I won't. Caught up now. Let us know how random Internet folk can help! ^_^
lol man, what could i possibly gain from that? i ran right into it
I might have come up with the 5-Word Speech I’ll use to accept my #Webby Award on May 21. Not an easy task.
thanks for following. I am now following back
Beats > Acoustic songs
"so great at constituent services" and track record shows embezzling funds AND stealing from CHILDREN, I say we need new standards.
Let's go !
Looking forward to seeing you at the race! I'll have my sexy bald head with me too so I'll have to introduce you two : )
True that!
VERY TRUE:)
OHH YEAH IMA SHOUT U PUT KEEP AH LOOK OUT KEEP IT 100
leaving where?
Life is short. Don't make decisions you'll regret.
We approve! May we have one? RT Baileys & coffee for me!!
AFL: Suns, Giants match-up intriguing
Tell me about it!!! RT : When your boobs grow and your shirts don't fit anymore...
Thanks Mika for the fascinating insight into your process and past works. Be sure to check out her pieces at Friday's opening: T-2 days!
Whoa! Look at our team now! We're growing big time.
Thank you!!!
Flux and flloooOOooowwwww ~
I want Brooks Conrad to never get a hit. And to continue to get at bats. Like a hundred. Would be worth the losses.
it's 6:00 am and im up scanning tax docs and transferring $. that's never a good way to start a weekend.
I guess there is really no rest for the wicked, or the intended wicked.
Last paper. I'm running off fumes right now
He shouldn't need to work through things with a 6-0 lead in the 9th. Too many high pitch counts this early for all starters.
You strokin' the furry wall?
Did I Miss You Sorry Ok I'm Writing You Down (:
Decisions. Decisions. I need a life coach.
I thought rain storms were for hippies... God's way of providing a shower!
lol. You're going to have to elaborate. What is that quote from?
the scarf is very fly. I'm digging it too.
George Linley~ Thou art gone from my gaze like a beautiful dream And I seek thee in vain by the meadow and stream.
daughter--my thoughts!!!!
did you ever read the "people who said n----- today" blog when it was running? a very eye sad look at a vast amount of hate
Even if things end up a bit to heavy we'll all float on alright
oh oh oh oh would you rather date me or her
WARNING: Has just digested various high-sugar products; keep your voices down and back away slowly
Whats everyone doing
setting up the home theater appeared easy at first but then...
Just remembered ma password .........very funny
Not that I can find, but Urbanspoon is always a good source to be sure. Sorry I couldn't help more
Bin Laden, Gadhafi, Kim Jong il. Three tyrants down this year. Only a few more left to go.
Thanks for the retweet!
RT : For the first time in 9 years there are no Americans fighting in Iraq.
#GetAustinToTheTop10 you should help.
There you are. Where you been hiding?
Test again GRRR@!!
oh ok
lol damn. Never understood why somebody pretend to be someone else like damn bitch u that bored.
Are you going to Bubbaz in Plainfield NYE? S/O to SEE YOU THERE
Good takes on the radio! Kinsler or Pedroia?
that is too long!
The Website for registratiion is www.edcampss.org We hope to see you there.
probably see you when I come in the other way tomorrow morning
I made brownies to take into the office...that's the way to start a Monday!!
Lol, well u were a Clinton longer so that was by habit. ": I forgot to put my married name up..:-) Im so bad."
Oh, right! Show me a man who isn't criticized & I'll show you a man who stands for nothing.
Tech Luv w !
I hope Titanic is on again tonight. <3
I need to find sum1 to go to the movies with tonite.. Ion wanna wait til tomorrw
Good thing i just bombed that ap calc exam.
All I know is turn up
“And the turtles, of course... All the turtles are free- As turtles and, maybe, all creatures should be.”- Dr. Seuss
Holy cow, seriously? I priced Sheraton at something like $150, and figured W would be more!
I'll always be on twitter ..
As if the 4-0 loss to the Kings isn't enough, I have a text from ESPN telling me all about it to look forward to.
then i guess were not friends? ok..
I miss u 2 marylee! Nobody be gettin it in wit me =( u should just move out here!
#Prowind quote of the day 'If birds were that stupid trees would've caused their extinction millions of years ago' Dave Tokie
The #Bucks close the 3rd on an 8-zip run to take an 86-81 lead after the #Blazers led by 11 early in the qtr.
we went to restaurant and it tasted like somebody's momma cooked. It was rollin!
HANNAH MONTANA IS ABOUT TO MAKE ME BAWL MY EYES OUT.
Guys add me on instagram I promise to disappoint you there too. Yourfavmexi_can
woke up in Port Townsend
34 percent of Americans are obese?!? Such a sad statistic. #obesity And in related news the gym I go to is serving pizza this evening
to prove the thing exists.
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: On the $1 bill you can see an owl in the upper left-hand corner of the 1 encased in the "shield" (Top-right corner)
Life is about making mistakes.. Death is about wishing you made more
Its ok if your not Brazilian. God forgives you.
soo tired, but i will watch austream .. of course :)
Sometimes I wish I had a cute guy to text with..
Damn, these kids get out late.
Music's the medicine of the mind.
Cinco De Mayo... Hmm only yesterday it was quattro de mayo... Makes sense!!
My salon is near intersection of Parham/Broad. Do you know where Kabutos is?
i love glee!!! it made me cry!!
Nice to hear terra firma by on last.fm
En route to Ocean City for a sweet five and a half day visit/getaway w mumford
How many skiers did he pass in the state relay? 4? Wow! Oh, only half as many as your sister.
Read: "Fatties to Blame for Low Organ Harvest!" Thanks for that.
you shush your mouth!
Shoot!...rams scored :(
Getting all dressed up then having ur plans cancelled <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
We're looking for a designer/wordpress developer to add to our growing team! Send all inquiries to
Floss like the dentist .
Off to the the gym to meet angry Brian. I swear every time he yells at me I want to wet my pants!!!! Maybe I will take him milk & cookies!
We're so excited for the upcoming - Friday, April 6th - 21+ $5 - Backbar. Who's coming?
even form Christmas letters?
So The Movie Jumping The Broom Os Amazing ((:
Need a massage? Who doesn't? On Oct. 12, any Massage Envy is giving $10 of your treatment to to help people affected.
The gods will offer you chances. Know them. Take them.
Hahaha! Agree ": Very few upsets so far. Someone's going to have to take one for the good of the sport. I nominate Duke."
.kitsch (from <nettime>)
Anything with "loaf" attached that's not bread doesn't sound so good.
Thanks for having me on ! Looking forward to Thursday's #redefinepower talk!
cuz he's my good friend okay? hahahah
Agree with you, there's been some anger in #libchat tonight! :(
That was the second time I've watched CNN in the last four years. So there's that.
Never limit what you say and never sugar coat it, for anyone who doesnt like it there is an unfollow button (;
S/O TO MY NEW FOLLOWER THANKS FOR #following back
Already writing more ;)
Book Update Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Participating in today's #BCeTeaching day! Our keynote is Dr. Eric Mazur re: educating the innovators of the 21st century.
have a blessed day ma
is performing LIVE at tonight - Show starts at 9pm!!
It is 2010. You should know to turn your phone's sound off in a mtg by now.
I'm afraid! Don't you need special gloves and other such "equipment" ???
If the group's application is accepted while be determined.
Need some great Healthcare PR Talent to add to our teams!
Thank you for the show, for the heart in your interviews, for your keen cultural sense.
Got a cherry sucker and a bouncy ball in Spanish class. Life. Is. Good.
Dos and Donts of Hooking Up according to DO: be nice DON'T: Be an asshole.
that moment when you have second thoughts about everything <<<<<
One cannot subdue a man by holding back his hands. Lasting peace comes not from force.
I knw too many people buying True Religion, LV, Gucci, weed, liquor & etc but cant pay they damn bills or living off somebody else! Its 2012
Dude... It's not over till it's over. Remember game 6??? If any team has a shot, it's the #Rangers. Their offense is money.
I know
How many mahomies are online now? #RT THIS !
Gee is getting killed.....guess Mets won't win tonight
Hi all! Patty (SMPS Pgh past-president 2000?) with architects Pittsburgh.
"I know the hurt behind your 'lies', said the caddy to the double bogey golfer...
haha i got like hecka active at gym den i was like "oh hecks naw" and sat on the gym florr with chips LMFAO
Car Wash today for youth camp was... interesting (:
woah. I didn't think about it from that perspective. True dat
Depending on the length of stay....Courtesy discounts are sometimes applied.
first album gne b called ... STEPP DADDY AND NEM
There's photoshop, auto tune, & plastic surgery. Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
It's just cadets having fun. I thought both to be creative.
It has been decided. The Nomads are heading to Moe Bar for happy hour. Will you be joining us?
I tell them all the time to end their friendship and they don't listen, I'm not helping them anymore when drama happens
Did you find out why he was crossing the road? That's important research.
Seriously txting my bf behind my back? ok bitch.
Life is good, grass is green, good lords smiling down on you and me!
: We need to experiment harder; more performancy stuff is always cool
Movin' on up, congrats guys!
gets her braces off tomorrow!! Woot woot!!
I wish I could exchange my heart for another liver. So I could drink more and care less
so, he wants to dismantle obamacare, which is just like 1 ofhis policies, but takes credit for bailout,which he claimed failed policy
Turn the whole world against me as long as you don't leave!
searching for a Production Supervisor in MARYLAND
I sleep 12 hours day so please follow now and get followed
I look like the incredible hulk in my avi.
double happy easter :)
Thank you for the posting.
Hope you all had fun yesterday..I know I did!
Chinese guy at the leg press: you don't own the machine until after your 150 sets are finished. LET SOMEONE ELSE USE THE MACHINE.
It just was :) and wow. how mean of you. <U+E40E><U+E421>
Writers: Know any lit mags that like longish short-shorts (1500-2000 words)?
Looks like rates will drop some today. Ten bond is down
Haha Yeah Me Neither!(:
Just beacuse I'm black, it doesn't mean I know how to play B-ball! Not all asians play tennis good! Not all chinese men have a lil penis!
I like the bike, but when are you going to post clips from your ballet career? I miss you!
Ortiz need to knockdown Mayweather can't win by decision. Too much dough at stake between Mayweather and Pacquiao.
That's just the Providence in em
Our wish is to do well on finals and to have 1500 new freshmen come May! Happy holidays!check our blog:auambassadors.wordpress.com
Woo!!! ALEX IS AMAZING is trending!! You all rule for making that happen!!!!
SHOUTOUT to eberybody go follow him!!!!! who ever follows him will get a follow back from me and maybe my followers! :) thanks!
boo dnt u knw kel grandma just hung up n my face bc I said idk whn she can gt hym bc kel don't knw her like tht n e more plu
You know how when you're little you "flirt" by hurting the person you like? I still do that. --> you mean like Chlamydia?
No, I think it's RBNY that feel kids are not MLS-ready. I say giv'em playing time. Thx for catching other edit. Good call.
Man. All I ever think is if only. If only I was more selfish throughout the years; would I be happy?
What can I do? We've all got our junk and my junk is you
Field goal here you probably lose..
thanxs for all the peolple that follow me
I just left my track meet
great fighter, and Joshua says he is so nice and has a great personality. But...when he goes out EVERY girl is all over him :(
It is good to be back! Likewise I look 4ward to continuing our working relationship
No arguments here!
I have my melancholy moments but its really hard to get me down and KEEP me down :) I like me. Sorry
Thanks for listening!
Followers, need your hugs & prayers tonight. Found out today that one of my coworkers died of cancer. Very sad because she & I were friends.
Lol I heard it boo! RT : me & 's song is on right now....
I Would Be The Middle Child If They Were Here.
When people say they miss the "old Austin", I was like "How can you miss something that isn't gone?" He didn't change, he grew up.
I do, but probably not to the detail level you are. And is a spy nut. Likely an exceptional case. I think she is :-)
I'm officially a #Gleek. What a great show. Last night's scene when the kid gets out of his wchair & does that dance number was spectacular.
It's getting closer!
Flipping through channels. Came across a documentary titled "Shania Twain: a story in..wait what is a shania twain?"
A book may be compared to your neighbor: if it be good it cannot last too long; if bad, you cannot get rid of it too early. Henry Brooke...
Thank you! And thanks, ! There was some great competition this week!
Enjoying homemade smoothies and pizza, summer's great.
poetics as paying keen, close attention to words :: precisely in order to misuse them :: to de-privilege language in our relation to world.
Miss enterpernuer where can i get one of your books
The revitalizing reference session is packed! Glad I got here early
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness
of course babies! How about a good ole skypey conference with baby j? 6:30 your time
Raisin canes run with the boys
; feelinn' like throwin' out some of my #bitchmove s today.. Today's gonna be a good day (:
My favorite Canadian. Joey Votto!!!
I can't put my cap on Bc of my tracks <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Love-> “: Artmaking is an expressive, thoughtful and introspective journey; a healing & visual journey when words escape me.”
I love you babe. Thank you for spending the day w/ me! It means a lot! <3 glad we caught up on things (:
Tacos and tyler both taste good
Seriously... is it something in the water? Global warming? Full moon?
If you wish to study men you must not neglect to mix with the society of children. -Jesse Torrey
Giants Defense >>>
dominant V, lol
Kewl. What Mary Ingalls records are there? Any correspondence?
is going to come and visit you at all?
RT : POLKA-ROCK Friday Dance Party! Copper Box ! Grab your friends & your dancing shoes for an 8:30pm show.
No doubt! You bring the juice and cookies - we'll bring the blood.
Don't get me wrong, #TomBrady's a greta quarterback too, just not as great as
#Igottafeeling tonight's gonna be a good night.
It's even stranger when those who want war can't point Israel and Iran on the map.
Don't have time for ppl that are one way to my face and another way behind my back!
What are drivers of economic growth for Massachusetts in next decade and what should state/local govts be doing to support them?
Lacan on Science: "truth in its specific value remains foreign to the order of science"
in the age of endemic simulation and simulacra, fake it till you make it?
cold weather / seasons changing is great for songwriting. period.
"you are a fox!!!" thanks danielle n mayilu.. Likewise mamas
Live Mas? Good on Taco Bell
But once again no promo for the next episode. :/
Word to the wise: PomX Iced Coffee packs a hardy caffeine punch. I'm reeling, and the 2 hardboiled eggs in my belly aren't absorbing squat.
I don't really smell that great...
“: You can't break me.”
I'm ready to raggggeeeee!!
How much do you think the suspension of Sean Payton really effects an established team like the Saints?
Could the last part of that answer be " .... There is one born every minute" ?
Do...Does Donald Glover come out in the best coastour deal video?
If more is better and less is more then less is better.
Incredible Super Bowl halftime show.
I'm experiencing finishing-my-book-sadness I'm going to miss these characters! Any other #writers go through this as they finish a #novel?
I went bowling without you:( gutterball misses strikester:(
Usability wise I find the beecamp site obnoxious too, but design wise am somewhat impressed at the concept.
How is your Monday going, world? Mine is pretty awesome!))
<3Your beautiful and crazy to baby thats why i fell into you<3
Somebody, please tell me something interesting.....
Looks like we're evaluating a Weimaraner and a retriever/Pit Bull terrier mix over the weekend. Then another Weim early next week.
we're glad you enjoyed!! come back soon :) maybe tackle the pounder!?
I am so proud of the energy of the fans at the
So, what did you PDX advertising peeps think of the new #Roseys format last night?
since someone isnt going to text me,its nap time(:
wow rich folks even take cheating to another level, no FB or Twitter trolls for them lol
Any chance of getting a last minute ticket to your sold out event for flook co-founder Roger Nolan?
Love doing online schooling
Who do you think is the most underrated band??
Going to bed at 9:30?
When my Ex and I got bored! We'd make bets make it interesting and take it to the court!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> so much fun!
I'm listening to Peter Bjorn & John's song "Young Folks". We don't care about #OLD Folks?? Is this #Boston #SEO #News theme song??
seriously?i was fo-reals about giving you a card !
Also, this evening a general Study Away Info. Session at 5pm in room 5 in Annenberg Hall.
Less than an hour left to enter our giveaway!! Don't miss out on your chance to win a $50 Muse gift card.
she made her Instagram private? O.o
So if your not doing anything this Saturday, stop by #F&H & have a nice cold one with the Fox ;)
this is soo bad.. im getting addicted to Degrassi :/ last time i got addicted it was in the summer but now i have finals.. great!
Jonah isn't quite 6 month's old, but I've already picked out his 10th birthday present! I'm gonna finally stop calling him my old dog's name
The key to conquering IKEA on a Saturday is getting there when it opens. 2 kitchens & 2 baths + oven in less than an hour.
Social media gives customers access to an Immediate global broadcasting network
Ha! Yes. I don't have to kayak to the laundry room, but I can, and it's way more fun than walking!
My hotel room in DC is amazing. Might never leave!
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad A White Dude with Bad Credit and a Nigga Mentality...lol aka ED I.
Since "my kingdom for a horse" no longer really applies, I'm going to start saying, "My kingdom for a 911 Turbo S Cabriolet."
See you all at the tomorrow! Last Summer trip.
The Pontalba and the Clemenceau were fantastic. We'll be back for brunch soon! cc:
buttons! I like!..oh how I miss thou!
Not ashamed to say that I just got lost in moundsville for a good 30 minutes #oops <U+263A>
Just occurred to me that you have a CF8 upgrade lic not a full lic. That's why its asking for CF7.
Exodus begins RT instaport.me has crashed under the weight of people trying to export their Instagram pics. It's like a bank run.
me too. we must hang out.
Any idea when service will resume from Albany (Hudson) to NYC?
thats right kid, don't mess with me
#16andPregnant makes me never want to have kids especially when the father is a bum
thanks for meeting with today! I'm looking forward to what we got in store...
I'm following you. Ha! Thanks for the "Dennis the Menace" reference. I haven't heard that b4. :P
-- at the crescent moon / the silence / enters the heart #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
happy April fools day!!! what pranks are you planning today!?
crazy dreams
#notlike me and get your partner Heath we will play doubles
There are two very hot movie books right now. The Help and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
I love my freind Bianca she's such a good freind :)
its good to be back on the west coast where weirdness reigns supreme. : )
Thanks for the good time Friday. Awesome playing there for first time. Every person on staff was ultra professional. scott j
I just want to live my life to the fullest and have fun im not trying to be a "rebel"
happy belated birthday and thankyouverymuch for the follow...
no idea, but sounds hilarious -- let me know if you find out!
Up here wit' my baby brother headed to cracker-barrel! It feels good to reunite with my family that I haven't seen in 13 yrs. I love It!!!
i hate people who blackmail so unattrative
important question: am I a purple person???
Can't wait to see Rise of Planet of the Apes tonight! Awesome technology and great reviews
shout out to Matt Langhoff, Caroline Weir, Drew Barker and Morgan Sink for the being the best friends on this planet.
i dreamed that jerry brukheimer cast me in one of shows....i'm believing in that!!! :o>
Ha indeed it is!
The Life of Riley is alive and well. Rehearsal went well last night. My fav words from the script, "Pooch Face" and "Saccharine Lips"
Birthday dinner with fam
Jus realized that my time management skills are horrible.
Do I spam people DM box?
If your brand isn't good in real life, it will suck online. Andy Ellwood, Gowalla
Santorum says to Puerto Ricans they need "the gift of English which is the language of success in the United States." Hey Rick: "muérdeme"
Why yes, I am quite creepy when needed.
AW!!! That's so sweet! Thank you! I'll be sure to tweet to you on the days when I need a reminder/pick-up :)
LOL at how I busted my ass today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
What's wrong?
Hunt: with respect, I think Holbrooke was bested at Dayton, by the best. There was no civil society there.
Haven't been this tired in a long time. Since, like, at least yesterday.
I freakin love my mommy... jus to let y'all kno she jus called and gettin drunk jus like me!
#ThatAnnoyingFeeling when someone is in class talking while im trying to study >:(
Going to check out a new gym today. Time to get crazy fit. Long journey ahead of me.
Im sure you sen this coming... Are you #TeamWallace or #TeamLewis ? ;D
#favmoviequote I invented electricity. BEN FRANKLINS THE DEVIL
Revolutionary Cleaning even provides reparation services. 866-970-2532
Had a great Friday. <U+263A> love you<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
We were not selected. We haven't played a show out there in a while so it's understandable. Working on the new Rosella now.
you truly have one of the best and strongest singing voices I've ever heard. I hope you do more songs with #botdf <U+2665>
"take life with a grain of salt...and a slice of lemon...and a shot of tequila"
The Heat is my TEAM!!
Cherif Bassiouni is a serious badass. Favorite line from the NWU panel: "I've talked to Muburak on the phone...."
Damn Yankees.
's BBQ Crawl features 4 stops (for 4 people) but we couldn't answer the bell on the 4th. and #Otis are the best hosts!
#AskBieber how many songs do you have to chose from for believe?
awww why NOT??? ur an attractive guy with ABS that should get u like everything lol
Indians and White Sox in a rain delay...EVERYTHING SHOULD BE A DOME!
Off course you will! You will get paid!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways be the bigger person in the relationship and make things right <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Blah blah blah Lakers suck blah blah.
that shameful moment when a joke about your mother gets pushed too far.. what a day.
You've got to learn to live with what you are.
RT": I think I jacked my knee up stage diving for NormaJean don't tell my band" you may or may not have chipped my tooth haha
Space boots on, ready for Tom Sachs with rockstars this AM at Park Avenue Armory!
Just woke up but still sort of tired :/
because that's everyone's business how long mother's bf. *eye roll*
I love how practically all your tweets are to me. I CAN'T WAIT FOR MY BIRTHDAY!! :D
are looking for teachers- singers, songwriters, mc's, dj's and graff. CRB n experience. holla .uk
Drop the I Word - How is the word "illegal" racist? Show your passport when you're hopping the fence. You're Welcome. Be LEGAL.
You are officially entered! We will announce the winner in a couple of hours! Thanks!
It allows you to level up and be promoted after each experience
Tonight's Megamillions is at $363 MILLION!! I bought my tickets, how about you!? HP
I'm with you on that one! RT Mondays should be optional.
You are so melodramatic!
#Weather Forecast for Thursday Night
Working!!! I Lov money
Hey boys!!! Joshua Ledet is Ready for Love, y'all.
Wow. How much of time line on Facebook involves you... Wonder if you ever think about me like this? No... I know you don't.
sitting on couches with wives
I'd like to see at vs wing takedown at the / event
Temps are coming down ... This will be MUCH better for #Ragnarchi race on Friday
Good to meet you!
awesome! Soon it will become habit and easily adopted!
RT : #bigdataweek hackathon:we started by downloading 21.6MB of data, by now the derivatives take up 2GB in R Dropbox folder
Ok, I just jinxed the Packers. No more cocky posts.
Jared sullinger did not want to do that interview. I'm sure he hates answering the same stupid questions over and over!
Wow, this is really a great article. Thanks for sending the link to me.
thank you mommy!
Thanks (re: MUSE)
CHECK NEWS ON OUR WEBSITE FOR AN INSPIRATIONAL. -- Baldinger
There's a dog barking in the class next door...
For non-majors? There really isn't one. The Rosen is sort of an option, but it is probably still too technical ...
I Miss You always reminds me of <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Is there a problem with the website?
#Barker, The Regeneration Trilogy. Evocative historical novels examine shell-shocked soldiers, class, sexuality, war, poetry in WWI Britain.
And I've got 10 anonymous accounts... coincidence?
“: A real man cries during the notebook...” A Real Man Doesnt know what "The Notebook" is....
#OldSchoolWednesdays only Get over the #humpday as aka Digital Underground hosts another all #hiphop night!!
Follow us at we have got exceptional pricing and service and will match any other quote.
Alright Northern California.. Our interview and live performance on KCSS FM starts in 30 minutes.
Could the weather be any more beautiful? WOW!
I think you spelled that wrong lol, not my real dad but like your the daddy?
a lot of times we hear, "we were thinking we were done having kids after #X, but now we have X+1 and we definitely done."
Unfollowed man. Not because I love football but mainly because you're acting ignorant
don't like it when I see guys with floating caps ?
Is excellence the universe in focus?
#prayforjapan Stay Strong and God Bless!
When you were all talking to me in the back of my car after that Knitting Factory show.
Tonight & are off HOONing the #Dart, so is stepping up to lead tonight’s #Motorama LIVE!
Arriving late always makes the day seem longer, for some stupid reason. As per Quite true, I think.
its all good...we live and learn...but iv just been trying tosave up to open up an ice house on the 1960 area...soon I hope..
There are Coke machines on the first floor, towards the front of the building.
A shout out to all of the Brides and Grooms and grooms men-how many of the wedding party can you stuff in your Photobooth this wknd?
Your girl is in my next show, OVOXO.
We listened to Eminem in class.. o.o
#NP my fav Band- The Kings of Leon
Did P90X2 Base and Back for the 1st time and guess who I saw on there? so wild I know her but still haven't met her yet!
Thanks for the support. It's very appreciated!
I like eating cereal almost as much as I love eating dick.
hash tag it #Lunaswedding or don't tweet today.
When I heard about beautiful, bald Barbie, I was expecting something else entirely.
New plan: going to watch the season premiere of Shameless and House of Lies. Try to laugh my way out of the Steelers loss.
notice how awesome ends with me and ugly starts with u RT RT RT RT if you want a followback
Drinking a cold one right now. Just got off work. Hell yeah!!! Bottoms up! Lol
Damn straight.
Hi!! How are you? I'm doing great. Congrats on ur engagement, ur baby is the cutest ever. See you on 7.21.12 for the wedding :)
Forgot my socks, still logged 5 miles
+1 RT : i wish i could play basketball while having to poop really bad as well as kobe does
Already got my kid rockin the Grenade New Era youth Snapbacks. He's the pimp of his 2nd grade class. Comin in spring for you guys
hook up!!
You see, I want to know who the mother is, but I'd rather the hunt went on forever than see it end.
3/31 @ Frankies: This Is Everything, Floral Terrace, The Air I Breathe and more. Come hang out! All ages, drs 5pm, $8 in advance.
refers to paper character wrote within the book! Clancy is pretty with it tech wise but fairly violent, not sure if I like it yet
Maybe with the blow to the head, he will be able to say 3 French Hens where you can understand it.
Totall Recall, Commando, Running Man... A three way tie for my favorite Schwarzenegger movie.
I think we should get sparklers for the #MuseoSpark chat on 5/17.
A night in Paris @ The Anchor Club NYC...... Coming soon ...
Buying shoes makes me happy
Man I been laid up for 3 weeks from surgery not doin sh*t & I'm still goin harder then these mf's at da gym WTF r they doin? REALLY?
lol I told you them hormones gone ware you out lol
Humor is the best form of healing. I wish I could make myself laugh, but when I do laugh...it feels great and it heals..most wounds.
Hey all you california folks. Unfortunately due to reasons beyond our control our San Diego show tonight at soma has been cancelled. FUCK!
How You Think I Got You Someone Got Laid Off!
I almost know the whole lyrics to the song and I only heard it twice. it's catchy (;
GO BLUES!
Audi is trying to sell a car because of headlights?
We cannot turn a blind eye to issues just because "people are gonna do it anyway." Ideas have consequences.
Life may get in the way but I never let it stop me.
please scan/email, fax or drop off the graded copy so i can enter the grade
Valdy ‘warm and comfortable as a wool sweater’
i can go for a ham and cheese sandwich (:.
I can't complain. I had fun & s/o to everybody who came . thanks
Happy Birthday to you big bro!
beautiful day to get out and
Sleigh'r: Malts Sweeter Than My Dog's Heinous Diarrhea.
The power is out and there goes the #bulls game. I know half of Chicago is ticked off right now.
Why, yes, I AM thinking of taking my belay safety test.
can't even fall asleep too amped for demo day tomorrow. Had an amazing time. Thank you so much guys!
Hell yeah I love crazy ass tweets making me weak.
Zecons Minecraft FUN FUN Time Adventure Thing Day 1 - Starts Are Boring - hole saws for wood
i think my friend is gay:)
Another night of no sleep...
But would love actual librarian/archivist/historian (i.e. not just the genealogy community) help + feedback on the project.
s/o for the follow
's leaving texas. leaving his friends, his all, for us. appreciate it. Proud of Austin <3
Movers &amp; Losers: March 2012 - Chicago Tribune
- I'm happy to say that you are the winner of the ticket giveaway for this Saturday
Winter is coming - the Adirondacks are all decked out in fall colors.
Everything that comes your way comes from thoughts & your thinking makes it so.....Happy New Year 2012! Smiles Love Always Dominique Nicole
Aren’t these pundits using Marketing to put forth their opinions? Way back when I learned Marketing there were 4 Ps of Marketing
#42 &&& what would be the first thing you'd say to justin when meeting him ?
LOL if only i could play violin... ;D
Happy birthday 2 one of my best friends Tracy!!!!! Birthday #s/o 2 Hope ur day is goin great so far!!!! Can't wait 4 2night! :)
haha the suspense is killing me!
never had a client use repousse yet!
Watching the last episode of Battlestar Galactica... It's been a long time coming!
really ? text me love, tell me everything .
Hope everyone is enjoying the beautiful weather. Call Progressive for all your residential and commercial no a/c or no heat needs. 325 0180
yeah cant wait til training camp and family night ill be out there
the day will come when I'm pregnant and you'll have to accept that as my mama
aww that's so sweet of you to say that ;)
I was gonna metro my happy ass there. LOL
400 Followers by the end of the day? Let's say yes :)
I can't tell if it's good or bad that the night I can't sleep is the night I have an extra hour to do so
#ILoveMyMom because she's awesome and does anything for me and its funny when we fight :) happy mothers dayy!!! <3
Baseball will make a comeback with the hipsters. guaranteed. its got all the elements. 1. Most people don't like it
Tweet tweet tweet
I bought Van Halen I it was the best damn record I ever owned...
I used wikispaces (free & protected). My students liked it and I'm planning on using it extensively next school year.
*big smile* #sohappy right now.
Watching some guy playing catch with his little brother. This is one of those few precious moments in life :)
Angry librarians are obnoxious. I get it. You're angry.
Great specials and great hoops will be on tonight. Come enjoy March Madness !
A PT in my gym thats worked here for months talks to me today, "anyone ever tell you that you look like Superman? We all think so"
Still soar AF! But umma GTO In Today's Game!
Fri&Sat 3/19-20 Live @ TwinsJazzClub - New York City's David Gibson, a vital player in the present and future of jazz trombone.
How is it possible that my stress levels increased since summer began?
#Undercutting is shitty business -- PERIOD! DJs, Producers, Engineers, Promoters, Models -- no respect for cheesy business!
If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you are right. ~Henry Ford
feel better! so worth it, ya look hot
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!70
#NewFeds tip2 - prepare for the unknown. Brush up on areas you know vaguely
I swear I live for my hoodrat followers
hears a notification get excited if someone texted you, turns out it's your phone company.
You gotta be following us if you want to win a Free Beer Party!
Bulls playoffs game 2...D.Rose is out...what do the #Bulls need to do to pull a W 2night?
#tiddybears and #freecaulk what an awesome night.
Thanks for the tweet, Jenise!
this NDC 20 % off clearance is so clutch right now
what do you do for lead generation?
Not too bad. Rode 2.37 miles to my sushi restaurant. may not be much to some, but for day 2 and getting used to it, I'm stoked.
Do you live here in the #Texas #HillCountry area? If so, what do you love about it here?
Hey Classic Rewind posts are showing up again (at least over here). Shit what is the deal?
very deserving!
Yeah for getting up at 3:00am for a movie tomorrow
Singer Gregory Generet on stage @ Shanghai Jazz, Madison #NJ & the food is fantabulous.
OFFICIAL SPRING BREAK PARTY SCHEDULE.THESE PARTIES AT THESE VENUES ARE INCLUDED ON THESE NIGHTS AS PART OF THE RED CARPET VIP PARTY PACKAGE
Book launch Hotel for Congrats Jan Bozarth(GirlGames etc).A must 4 all girls! www.fairygodmotheracademy.com
product looks good. Price is just more than budget I was given.
man this is Exile from reverbnation. if you still want to collab email a link to your reverb account to
Who's going to Detroit SOUP tonight? Our studio is upstairs. Let us know if you want to stop in + say hi.
Is love reality or an illusion?
Advocacy work, not lobbying when: testify, discuss broad issues, doing nonpartisan research, self-defense lobbying, influence regulations...
Would have been nice to have all 11 B1G teams in a bowl game. No thanks to IU and Minnesota... ;)
Not surprised at all that there was a Plan B commercial during the Jersey Shore.
You're NEVER too late.
Hi Michael, the message on your page won't go through. Can I email you? or email me first at
Got a weight on that mib? Looks like it could be either clay or porcelain. Yeah, I'm a junkie-replying in CRM class.
seemed right up your alley!
I hope you follow me one day<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
where in Hawaii are they?
those XIVs were my first Jordans.
Come out to The Legacy (14th & O) at 8PM to hear the Matador Singers perform their 2nd annual Christmas concert! Merry Christmas!
I wonder why, while talking about the TSA body scanners, the news blurs out the faces of the people getting scanned but not their dongs.
Bring your best! Be inspired & inspiring! Leave them better than you found them. :-)
pics or it didn't happen ;)
The noises puppy English Bulldogs make...very concerning! LOL! I've been told all is well with him tho
I only watch it because my wife makes me...and because I'm waiting for vampire girl to attack someone.
I don't but I believe I have video of a reverse that "I think" at the time (very long ago) U said was the first u ever pulled
after jammin out with my headphones all the way up,I think I lost some hearing..not good.
Had a long day, 5 days till I go back to #NY to see my family. Lots of #ChristmasShopping to do still!
Danny's party.
what the **** is wrong with you!!! Your the ugly one stop it!!
“: Feels like it should be Friday...” totally agree!
lots of love and lots of happy birtdays. best birthday ever <3333333
My name must taste good? cause it's always in your mouth(:
Great to see you and - really fun chatting at #BwayGodspell with
Its Friday! That means I accept all invites! Invite away, I never IDK!
I will be so glad when this baby comes in the Fall! I am sick of being sick.
Hello. :) ~reaches out to shake your hand~ :)
Sad to hear is moving on. When I had a miserable commute at my old job, he and made it manageable.
surprisingly, you're the first one to mention this. Oh, Ariel.
wedding season has started. heading to wedding 1 of 4. #weddings (@ Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) w/ 33 others)
Nice! Break a leg! R u modeling?
Happy birthday to
Building Communities one home, one family at a time.
loving this LA sunshine. Have a good fucking friday everyone
Hey Greg, shout out from the Midwest. Are we going to see that kid cloud design posted by Plndr? Going to Vegas & want that tank!
It is summer! We had NINE groups go out last night.
In 5 hours, the Christmas will commence...leave that bourgeois stuff at home, time to have some fun!
I feel the SAME way.
My Boo Boo is so beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Hey jetsetter! Wish I could have seen your pretty face in da big apple, miss you lots.
tickets to see your tomorrow with the #HotFacebook5At8 keep track of ALL 5 songs for your chance to WIN! Good luck! :) - Chase
Respect yo size, respect yo swagger
“: That's great news!! Heard the guy was evading the cops?” He was indeed
First stop today #DropkickMurphys can't wait!
The absolute number one LOVE of my life, you know how we do... No one can ever take your place.
Gingrich is the king of zing
Just do what I do when I drink too much after a win: dance and leave threatening voicemails on Kansas fans' phones.
Planning my 25th.. Got my eye on a cruise.
Happy Father's Day! Dad's rock.
has an audition for a musical tomorrow... oh, what song to sing?
- fuck a dress , grab the jeans . !
My mantra: THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Almost had a panic attack because someone thought my PR exam was right now... Thankfully it's not until Thursday!
Meeting with a client to deliver CA photo ID. Since we have his cert. birth certificate, we can now go to Social Security and get the card!
Reading about the new NSA mega-datacenter. Big Brother is officially here (actually it has been for quite a while).
You got to be worthy to get our attention
or Oklahoma City or wherever. Ray just knows how to win.
ion think u need a ticket.
i figure two swigs should be slightly more than 1/10 of a beer. That's all I could stomach.
My desk looks like a freaking pharmacy.
&Vero don't forget I introduced you to the SUPER PAC! 1phone call to Linbeck&Perry you 2 will be selling I <3 tshirt again!
cool. Healed up quick.
all day err day haha
Perfect rainy day for shopping Woodholme is having a summer sale! Where as Harbor East has and
This is the story of how I went from an M to an XS by doing nothing but let the world grow around me...
Going to bed again..... sweet dreams..
Are you gonna be home at 5:30 or 5:35 PM
Lol, it was his faault! He cut me too shortt!
NEXT opens this Wednesday! Buy tix here bit.ly/NEXTtix
Love the pic and your profile layout! :)
dj pepper ann??? Lmao.
listenin to som hot ass beats right now
Thanks, buddy; I pillaged your followers
Once again, Phil Mickelson shows why he is the Peyton Manning of golf
#himym i am speechless like what just happened?
Me: Doesn't Mike Brown look like my dad? My Mom: No, you're dad's uglier! Lmao
Can't wait! Only 20 more days!
oh thanks! It was great seeing you last night at the show!
awl I see
Going to after work
My standards are impossibly high. But the romantic in me still holds out hope.
Raiders of the Lost Ark
or the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse!
What's good DE? Money & Weed is going nutz right now!!! Working on new joints for U. The tracks are soundin CRAZY!!!
sorry to hear
is there going to be another season of family jewels.... My parents love the show been bugging me to find out..
If I were I wouldn't even have a twitter app on my phone.. I would just use mobile twitter to tweet and creep every now and then
can't go wrong with using Rare Vos (one of my favorites!). ham/gruyere/rare vos ..wow.. makes me hungry!
Sarah's Key! Great fiction based on horrors of Holocaust!
Going to see Avengers! Hope it's good
I always see something odd happening in this neighborhood
Boston, MA - need females for shoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
It's a must try. Made me miss the hood's prime lunching coordinates!
I just changed my twitter name! now it sounds less like my first hotmail email address and more like my name
Nope, just google watching you.
Finally.. IT'S FRIDAY!!!! :D
Pickup Line: If you're going to regret this in the morning, we can sleep until the afternoon.
I miss julissa right now, these kids are weird af.
no. I'll check it out. Online?
I was figuring on taking more like 90%. Since you are a writer, howabout a storyof your life since you left BHS?
Sunday playoffs pretty excited :)
dumbass!!! That's not my twitter name bobo!!!
At Jimmy Z's! Miss this place!!!
I understand. I wish we Christians could give the perfect picture of the One we represent.
I miss them :|
I hope they do lay an egg against Iowa State.
When I first moved to LA actual tag line in ad for LA bus system: "It's getting better on the bus."
Fantastic new Hayes Carll EP on iTunes of his recent SXSW performance. The song One Bed, Two Girls, Three Bottles of Wine is classic Hayes.
A very cool beer drinking man from Ohio is now following me. Guess who....
oh weekday work...
Just applied for a bunch of entry-level editorial positions with ! I'll be keeping my fingers crossed!
Is that LIGHT I see through that window??
Big Announcement: We have a US star name who will star in Season 2 of Vegan 101 series. We will announce who it is shortly.
Zoe Johnston & Audrey Gallagher . If I had voices like these. My life would be complete. (: Lol
Cool thanks! Of all the hard work what is most important to do?
WHAT? Are u okay? What happened? :o
editorial slog, Round 2. This is a definite exercise in keeping my Gmail folders ultra-organized!
"How much do you pay for rent?"says my new barista. That question would be rude anywhere else but LA.
Nothing? Since Vikes were born Bears have won 1 game (one only 1 occasion) more than Vikes. 1 SB title vs 4 SB appearances
good luck with that
Welcome to all the new followers! Hope to see you on July 17 at Argo Tea, Adams and Dearborn at 8am!
This changing weather is leaving me sick and my lips chapped... lip balm to the rescue!! :)
Saw Dark Shadows yesterday.... It was awesome! But missed online in the process... :/
"new generation of...college-educated young adults...are replacing the ranks of older librarians" We weren't college grads before?
it was a blast getting to know you but you had another guy closer to your heart than me...thanks for letting me get to know you
busy makin move er day er day! 100 dollar plates soon!
the pleasure is all mine. ^-^ RT its a pleasure c:
Wow the new Philips AmbientLED light bulb lasts 22 years!
RT : TURNOVER....The Bulls Offense Now Takes the Field. LET'S GO BULLS!!!
RT : The muse must be used or she will abuse=> that's a tshirt for writers if I've ever heard one---let's hope yours is amused!
Hey ladies, not every picture you've ever taken needs to go on instagram.
Yesterday I saw the "Hunger"...hm...I don't know...I need to think about it...
Honestly I only ever check my Facebook to feel validated
DailyDeal fail: no business can sell $50 of product, for $25, 1/2 going to Groupon, so biz gets $12.50 for $50 of product? Not gonna last!
I live in Kentucky! :) Where do you live? :)
my name means star of the seas........
RT : 2/3 of parents follow video game ratings—are you one of them? Download their mobile app to check game ratings...
...Vivienne just responded to Victor. Just sayin'.
Web site is up and ready. Be one the first 100 pleople to register.
we can't wait to see you!
KTWV (94.7 The Wave)/L.A. got a mention on the season finale of NBC's "Up All Night." What's your fave radio shoutout on TV or in movies?
“We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.”~Kurt Vonnegut
Good morning! Happy father's day to all you dads out there.
Learn about min invasive facial rejuvenation at a free seminar at the Mermaid Winery on 22nd St. May 3 at 6pm
Rudeness is a sign of weakness
On our way to Kentucky! Band van fun starts NOW!!!
Nothing makes me grumpier faster than having to rewrite someone else's bad copy.
I love Jason Mraz!!
Curry Lane?
i want my signed hat...~ okay...
Every time I hear Provost Lerman speak, I'm struck by how eloquent a speaker he is - and how visionary. Lots of great ideas!
So ready for the #nfl to start!
Putting My Ass In My Sisters Face ;) >>>>>> Lol
I'm not exactly a poster girl for healthy living
Youur already in a bad mood and someone comes and says something stupid
& I just came to the conclusion, that some how, same way we gonna blow a lil purp out there. Lol so excited for the trip! (:
RT Love is an Action. If there is no movement to love, it is only a grand idea. Action gives love the proof that it exists.
Next up: our own Randy Bass on "The Recentered Curriculum."
It is James' birthday today! James says that it is too hot to BBQ and that it may be too hot to drink beer! Hell has just frozen over!
It's Friday!!! What are your plans for the weekend?
Define your committee structure in advance and recruit to that. Don't just randomly ask for volunteers.
I've been doing my epic chores and just leveled-up. I'm a Level 4 Swarthy Dwarven Toiler now!
New iPhone
Oh crap, I have to go to my other shop to cover there this afternoon. Well that sucks. I do not miss that place.
Colin Tait (): De Niro's collection/archive features his script notes -the "actor's authorship" evident on all pages
#808Pride next girl who tweets sayin he doesnt love love me << is gonna get sliced (JK) U NO UR #Beautiful & U DONT NEED A BOY2 TELL U DAT
Hey there Natalie, nice to meet you! How's it going?
heyy :D I knw almost a year D: & im straightening my hair :) & u??
Not sure I am too comfortable with my pitcher's name being "Homer", but I think Bailey has the stuff to be a seriously good pitcher.
:o omg I dunno what?
if ppl say tht they will follow back...go and check how many followers they have...and if they r following them if not they dont follow back
hells yes man! That was a good time.
Thanks Kim. Just sent your resume to several teams. We are traveling this week, but will be in touch soon.
I'm so in love with love... Literally
O hA I'm turning 20 in four days
February Issue of ZINK Magazine featuring my photography comes out on Feb. 24th!! Don't forget to get your copy :)
No doubt in my mind where you belong. c:
love the #Starbucks new store concepts in #Seattle!
Wow that's happened to me before I just hate dating it's so confusing and now the who wanted to kiss me is texting me ugh!!
Woman:Ay Red Light ! (Italian Accent) Pauly D:Oh Sorry !! Rofl !! :D
doesn't sound like anythings wrong to me!!
#artsummit art is communication tool to show women as powerful factor in health, not victims
I wish you could automatically know if a person doesn't like you or thinks you're annoying so that time doesn't get wasted on them.
I Cheated On My Fears, Broke Up With My Doubts, Got Engaged To My Faith And Now I'm Marrying My Dreams...
RT What's your favorite kind of bird? Wrong. They're all terrifying.
from his new line: "The Colonial Aristocrat Collection"
What if you woke up today with only the things you thanked God for yesterday?
Thank you for coming! We had so much fun wit all of you ladies last night and congrats to your friend!
Haha, thanks for all he quick thoughts. I panic before I click accept on big trades. Upton was dealt
she taught me everything i know about being awesome on twitter.
Thank you for the follow Kara!
Well, #newt not just lawyers but also any other school will tell you that what you're studying is the most important thing.
RT : Houdini ya main squeeze she disappear she's a magician ... Mmmmhmmm
Trade Wade for a serviceable point guard and high first round pick and draft Davis lol
Nice quote :)
Now Amare could possibly miss the rest of the series because of cuts on his hand. UGH!
Zookeeper is 50% off at borders. Must be a terrific film!
Gerard Way, Ronnie Radke, Andy Biersack...so many... people.... my list is huge
Show last night was dope!
Good point. LOL
because yolo.... And someone told me avicii would be here
Hook never gets old.
STFU! You're annoying.
RT : The Christian who has stopped repenting has stopped growing. - A.W. Pink
Cooler weather!
Big dog day yesterday. Zoe came home from Weim Rescue, attended adopt-a-golden gala sponsored by Manheim & Cox
lol! I know they're expensive! $130 here!
Can't wait to sleep in Sunday and Saturday....thanks Comcast
Working and watching "The Voice"
ann wait text me we gotta talk
What do that storm from last night and the cops in Project X have in common? They were both too late to stop the party.
Competition? Why yes I would love some :)
my family and friends and thanksgiving(:
Jesus shut the fuck up. No one cares.
Imma put it down you gon fall in love
I wish!
you're homeschooled?
thanks love, I miss you
This is the most awkward car ride ever !
GUYS GO C WAT RIO2productions commented about justin on slena's new vid! ugh! jerk
you kinda look like ! Twins
Maybe this year will be (even) better than the last. See what I did there?
rosen: impressed by how many libs are working with student-created content
haters rctill gonna hate no matter what they cnt accept olppl for who they r so they hate on thm
okay youve been disagreeing with me this whole time there's no agreeing with you lol
Success is not measured by what you do compared to what others do, it is measured by what you do with the ability God gave you.
I took AmTrak from Boston to Oakland once. It was a long trip.
This week: Endorsed by the Pacific Southwest Association of Realtors!
looking good on store fronts!
she, is fine as hell
So over them,
It smells; poop(;
. Glad for that, my friend. I thought an IED had gone off when my cell blew up.
The Amanda Show is a TT? Those were the days... :D
Trolls, never forget that #walker came to power because of a recall. Never here a peep from you on that.
Congrats to chef and BASH'r Greg Dunmore for making top 100. Nice work. Now beat the Rink Rats on Saturday.
Happy #IdesofMarch! Alert: #Business taxes are due today!! Did you get yours done?
BDS is PLEASED to tweet with you. Document Prep, Profes. Services, Nursing Tutors
Does anyone know a Mahomie younger than 11?
I need to finish this so I can watch this game.
Closing on our new house in less than an hour. AH.
Thank you very much! Have an awesome day everyone!
I had it made today at Lids! Dont remember how much tho..
Health Tip for the Day: have your kids sing the "Happy Birthday" song while washing their hands to make sure they're clean!
"If you believe you can, you can. If you believe you can't, then, well you can't."
Is it still a hate crime if its their personality that makes them unbearable?
thanks!! Feel free to join the group! I hope to check out one of your shows soon!!
Yeah this job gone be easy
haha I'm such a bad student tho. I already have 19 absences
thanks for the follow !
Tell me how you gone breathe without me .
What's missing....
Omgg so sick right now
yes, was in the middle of one when the powers that be pushed for a TV pilot n script.
“: Meryl Streep won the Oscar, she didn't have to wear him” Thought the same thing!
Vitamin D reduces back pain!? (and Osteoporosis)
My avi is now my eye, lol.
hello from SoCal and thanks for following.
that's cool u into joggin
When we hit 650 likes on Facebook, we will post a new cover song with Jake and Jenny! Let's get this done by Valentines Day! <3
<U+E022> Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit <U+E022>
I just wanted to say I'm a huge fan. I'm sure you hear that a lot, but I just wanted you to know that you're awesome.
#kendallto3million I'm telling everyone I know to follow u!!!
Thx 4 following! Facebook April Lakergirl Bynum! Check my fan page Apriss The Model! Click LIKE to support my page!
Why is Twitter so addicting. Seriously.
I bombed on the cd joke
involve motor bike
Join us today at 2pm for the Artist Talks with Collaborations IX artists!
I shall see :) gotta check them out!
Happy Birthday !!!
Massive Internet outage affecting ~lots~ of libraries right now. You bet that gets our phones ringing!
If you think positive you will enjoy life so much more.
Norfolk State! Wow wow wow...down goes my national champion pick, but this is what March is all about!!
So many tests/quizzes today! :/
Before This Was Texas, an-in progress showing- TONIGHT @ 7pm
Awake. Sober. A doctor. Pleased with your choice of hat.
And at least I cleaned my room! Time for some rock and roll. I love
Thank You Justin for literally keeping me going in life. You have no idea how much you've impacted me.
Dang this week has gone by fast! It feels like Tuesday to me
this is brutal
I just took the best nap ever! I even thought t was the middle of the night then Stewie's voice abruptly woke me up & I freaked out<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I MISS YOU TOO. U NEED TO FIGURE OUT A WAY TO TEXT ME SO WE CAN CONVERSE. Live profile?!
I don't have enough followers to be posting questions and shit lol
Taco Bell
San Antonio is watching these two teams and licking there chops with today's show. Come on Grizzlies!!!!
Something big is coming September of 2013. Stay tuned...
swabbing the poop deck
It took him four games to get Jeremiah Masoli's name right.
why haven't I followed you until now...?
I can sit for 5 min intervals every hour to eat/pee etc. Needless to say, I'm starving ;)
OMG this is amazing! I haven't had delivered pizza in quite some time!! RT : Hey look! GF pizza from Dominos :-D
Who needs a boyfriend when you have a best friend like ; love you so much boo. Thanks so much for everything.
Saturday ... a day of chance ... let's see where it leads
Giving away Noah's Ark tickets all afternoon on KISS FM. How sad is it that I've never been there! LOL
= Portland! another favorite :) comer say hI!
nice to meet yhu
Anyone else think the words "vassal" and "vassalage" should be enthusiastically welcomed back into the public discourse?
lol that's so true, I didn't want to be the one who said it.
Great! Look forward to having you! :)
watching it!!!
welcome to Charm City...Do Work...
I am Indian and they are Persian!!
Thank you very much! I think Janina is a really nice name as well! Yes, direct message is fine with me. :-) Ladies first.
#stupideocstomorrow ugh not looking forward to tomorrow.
Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise
that was a football trophy bud. Do you watch
That Awkward Moment When You Sing Along To The Radio And Forget The Words...
I love
Pleasure skyping with yesterday about Maryland's broadband initiative connecting the state Ed institutions w/ fiber optics.
i have to curl and pull it all over to one side then myface has to be fixed then i put on my first dress lol :)
Went on a walk and ended up stopping at wienerschnitzel for a chili dog
It's not that I can't. I just choose not to.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity. Twice.
15% either parrot NSF language, or have a general statement about "encouraging data sharing". 5% have policy.
Hey Yogie! How are you? Great new cover!!!!
#BeVIP this Thursday w/ & #YoGotti at
One more script to read and.
Tues they tried to start it in my section. I wanted to push the bitch over the rail. Blocking game.
dang. I just started though!
y she yellin
An inaudible Dick Cavett. RT : Translator for Japanese PM Noda sounds like Dick Cavett.
hahaha well better than nothing!
send me two faster paced ones too so I can have 3 on my joint
Come by anyway - there are always no-shows!
LOVE IS LIKE A BOXING MATCH,U HOPE 2 GO TWELVE ROUNDS, BUT IN THE END IT TURNS OUT 2 BE A 1ST ROUND KO.
afraid I buzzed in before you, Chris.
I noticed that I was listed under bloggers, or something like that. Out of 68 people on that list, three of us are dudes. Come on guys
RT : #Indie Artist |#teamNerdyboi is now accepting submissions for our music review column|For more info
NFL Experience is amazing. Could spend hours here. Much of it in lines. But tons of fun.
Who was the former SEC guy on last night talking with the hedge fund manager??
Years ago, we added catalytic converters to cars. Now we need cataclysmic converters!
A guy can only take so much bullshit
if I lived in NYC , I would always hang out with my friends in Times Square .
the livecasts are awesome!!
Two and a Half Weeks to Maymester | Taming My Monsters
your clock story is masterful. (Have you written or chatted about mystery clocks? We have one--a family heirloom.)
is now following.. im stoked!
Lol, it's not for everyone. Side note, opion would be if u said it's skany. But u were judgmenttal because u called them skanky.
Collecting the crew to go to the Atlanta rally for
mahalo nui 4 follow Author of The Shark Dialogues!!! What an epic and wonderful book I<U+02BB>m a *fan* *fan* *fan*!!!
Leveled up in two growlers of yumminess.
If you want to be happy , then be happy , don't think of the unhappy memories , it will only make you fail to be happy
Even if they DID make your legs look fat THERE WOULD BE NUTTIN WRONG WIT DAT! Don't break sumthin.
Photo Retoucher available. If you're interested, send me an email :) Thank you
I like that he's hitting third too Ted. Good to see a local kid doing well.
It's better than "Anthony Morrow and Whatever," or whatever they'll be stuck with in six months.
you saw that had a catch right? And he dropped one less pass than Welker.
Reminder: Monday, Feb. 20 is a student holiday and staff development day. School and central offices will be open.
Obama's energy secretary should probably start staying inside more...
Looking forward to debuting this series RT " My "timepiece" done by is awesome. 90291 !!!!"
Great interview yesterday with the Animal Planet, doing a show on kids who kill and torture animals. Interviewed in Dahmers's hometown, Bath
I have! I do! I will! Uh.. What's a remote? RT : "Life has no remote. Get up and change it yourself!
We played Bremerton when we were up that way last. Tell your friends about us so we can play Spokane next time!
Riff raffs a clown
jaming to THE HOOD NEEDS A HERO by Noah Jones...Dude is seriously ill!
Bryce Harper's official rookie card in Topps Series 2 will be a short print, company says, because of "limited timing".
Your Welcome <3
Her "listening could be so intent, it almost had a sound." Gail Caldwell
did you cry? Was it good?
Okey doke. I just got here. I'll be by a bit later on.
And the lawyers could all get part-time jobs at 7/11 to make up for their massive losses of income.
I need Followers....smh!!!!
i won!
Let her sleep, for when she wakes she will move mountains
I been slacken off on my P90x
Keep me out of your business then I'll keep you out of mine. All I do is care for you.
she wanted a "glow" but when I told her the light level is still a tan she told me she was dark enough so I dunno?!
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
Damn it~! I have to run.I want to see that number changed by the time I get back.Taking my Son for a Molton Lava Cake treat at Chili's:)
Happiness begets happiness
. .begin je eigen flashmob - time will go by quickly! Have a great day, nichtje :-)
Mad Max: Beyond Drupalcon
Some of my constituents ask me why is it always a White Out? Why not a Black Out? Maybe at Game 5...if there is one.
Man, most of the weddings I've been to would have been over by now.
Come on now , knows how much money I'd let you spend
Is lucky because RT's him and tells people to follow him.....<U+2665>Luuucccckkkyyy<U+2665>
Thanks for the follow! I will follow you on my personal twitter account See you next Art Basel!
NaLee is filled with mystery mayhem a sheriff to make your blood go cold and a private island full of secrets
seriously! thank you for saying, what I've been quietly thinking to myself for years now.
Wake up! We have a big, big, big, big day ahead of us!
Going to reboot this twitter Yadig and force myself to learn
It's an official game!! You can tell that the weather is affecting Nova!
tremors tonight???.....
They took little kids away from they're parents and killed them
took my tongue ring out for like an hour , that bitch closed !!!! oh well ..
I think it was bacon
Happy Leap Day #Boston! PLEASE ONLY #Interview me if you are looking for a guy who enjoys cold calling, LOVES to close NEW Biz, and WIN$$ :)
Thank you for the mentions and RTs!
I know right! Irresponsiblity=fun!
I really am becoming nocturnal...last time I slept in this late I was 16. Wake up! Work time! Oh and moves in today!!!!
Hi! Just thought I'd let u know if u need a resume, FREE, go to minorityjobs.net. Free Job Board too! Best 2 u Julie
Gather your group of friends and party with us We have an insane bottle special! Come check us out!
Reason # 22 to drink #craftbeer ~ seriously improves guitar hero skills.
Better to feel
Very cool time this morning with filming documentary on the homeless
i love your smile(: your eyes are hella cute ^.< but the fact you don't notice shit... you've got me stressin over STUPID SHIT! Not Cool Bro
i missed twitter.
Does the dialogue around copyright as a legal framework inhibit students perceptions of what they can/can't (re)use?
Miami need that win tonite in Dallas
RT : bike racks shaped like bikes are an abomination.
There are 1.6 billion overweight adults in the world. So we must stay focused to keep the body beautiful by first watching our diets.
It's why you should never walk away from your computer while it's logged in. You'll be a coauthor on a mathematics paper.
More bitches need to start waking up so I can have more people to talk to.
Bah. I took the #mbta and it wasn't raining as hard as I thought it would be. Bought a donut to make me feel better for not bicycling.
lmao!!! that is BEYOND true for me! hahah
“I approached the book the way I’d been trained to report any story, which was not to pass judgment, not to have an agenda, but to he
maybe i wont be coming down for a game
Was complimented on my lashes just now. Told her to come visit me in Union square I'd help her find mascara!!!!
Poker tourney tn
Hey dude. Haven't talked to you in a while! Haha!!!
Lmaooo RT : It's so funny to see black Irish guys playing against the clippers
RT : All You Eat Is Love
Thanks lady! next time I am in LA, we should have a drink!
'!' is an abused character.
Had fun just chillin at a friends house. I would much rather do that than go out.
TODAY! Rio Hotel Pavilion Ballroom "Find a Job in Vegas" job fair! 3300 jobs! 11a-3p- Dress professionally & bring resume!
We had a guy who rang all the doorbells so that he could leave the package with whoever answered. We had a chat.
Typical class shown by Steelers fans. Like to hear your mouth when your team gets their asses swept again.
My first white chest hair makes me contemplate mortality and my temporary existence. Until I pluck it.
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.
oh that works too
hey i am on cam now guys, pls cum say hi, if u got a motorcyle say so it makes me hot!
Power to the short people!
So do people with a foot fetish pleasure themselves when a shoe commercial comes on TV?
Did google just give up creativity in its baby ad and straight off copy apple's ads.
Richard Jefferson's face while Nate Rob flew back on defense after hitting another three
Effort to recall Wis. Gov. Walker says they got 1 million signatures, 85 percent minimum needed for election
RT Everything will be ok who dats. Just gotta have faith!!!
Yes I was there both Thursday in Portland and Friday and Lowell, two nights of "Drink in my Hand" :)
We're super excited and proud! We won a for our nuvoH2O Infomercial with our advertising agency Thank you so much!
Looking forward to seeing u tonight!
Just saw a girl doing the #cookingdance on
What up fam
Once again, I love doing research in the Internet age. How else would I find out in < 2 mins that Blickensderfer Mfg. Co. made typewriters?
TweetDeck is my friend ... lots of learning today, especially Jing ... yay, Jing!!!
You strike me as a stakeholder. Or possibly an ask.
Organize This! Column by Vali Heist: - Reading Eagle
Advice to small businesses: learn from other small businesses rather than large companies
...then take in a show at Next Act - we're a short walk away on a beautiful spring night!
Yes, I can be that part of you I'll try my best ~
Just watched a wreck happen in front of me on the interstate.
WAIT. i mean,
yeah thatde be a mistake if were..
I know the list of people I'd like to see publicly executed is fairly extensive ;)
To live long, eat like a cat, drink like a dog. - German Proverb
single handedly impregnated the entire stadium tonight. Maroon 5 was by far the best performance of the night.
last day of spring break...celebrating with a dc united vs. rapids game this evening.
nevermind, you already told me "a couple months" My short-term memory is damaged LOL
Goodnight blah im
rough run. Stomach not good. I just finished a 2.32 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
yes i can Mark 2.27
Tommarow is going to be good, knocking out!
Thanks for the assist - it's hard tracking down everybody's twitter handle!
I love responding to your questions! I've been playing since I was 6 or 7
Watching ridiculousness makes me lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> hahahahaha
Saw what appeared to be a dead, headless bird on the sidewalk on my way from the bus stop. Disturbing.
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:30pm. This week, we're playing League of Legends. Next week: The Hunger Games Movie Release Party!
laying down just talked to ira
That Awkward moment when you realize Nick DMed you...
Keep an eye out for our #whystjohns video. It's going to be great!
whats funny about thst? I shouldnt have to do that
Oh, looks like a fun one to read! Thank you!
being cool is tiring! ; )
Fair point but you know fast sprints were never my specialty..
PDR fees could go up by 25 percent
Then don't remove it:) RT : The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread. [mother theresa]
Daum. You good though? We had a sub. -_-
Good morning to you too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><U+2600>
uh since when?
wats the play play for tonite
or he could go to a dealer and say "in 3 months I'll have 10-mil, I'll pay you back" everyone does it
lol! Stop that arm crap. Hahaha
followback bra bra
i wanna get out of the school -__________-
Good Morning! "The fruits of life fall into the hands of those who climb the tree and pick them"-Earl Tupper Have a wonderful day!
i miss you more!!!! where have you been my whole life?!?
Listened to the debate last night while driving to Charlotte. Satellite radio is awesome. About the debate...so much to say.
Lol RT : Does anyone else see the resemblance between and
I'm doing quite well. Just getting after it. Classes & such. How about you? Sounds like ur working a lot! which is great!
RT : Over 1,000 birds a year die from smashing into windows...Related note: Over 1,000 Cubs fans' dreams are crushed every summer
. thinks I am influential about moms. Do I ever tweet about moms? Might be a little off there.
Btw, her next book, Are You My Mother, comes out tomorrow! Mine's already, supposedly, in the mail! So excited!
I'll Do You Like KID & Whoop Yo Ass When You Get Home Boy!
I'm so bored. And i'm really hungry. I dunno what to do.
Can you DM me the information regarding the Deal or No Deal Showcase? Thank you!
Standing with 100 friends in the driveway waiting for the Rabbi
so happy to see and tonight. it's been too long.
2 more followers....so..? Please
very attractive
Petroleum jelly to the rescue - Windsor Star
idk, are you gonna stop saying mean things about Samantha? And stop saying rude things about me? If yes, then yeah we are cool.
Sometimes the right person for you was there all along, you just didn't see it because the wrong one was in the way.
I love yuoo Miami
Lmao this tried to walk in the door and almost triped
are they 12?
God, I've read Genesis & I know how much you love sibling rivalry. That means you're going to make sure the Niners & Ravens win today right?
I was blessed by Fr. Michael today. That was cool. Then Mom and Dad took me to the impressionism exhibition at the Museum.
Enjoying #DCWeek festivities? Stop by Buddha Bar and refuel on our fresh sushi and delicious signature cocktails!
And, we should print them for you!
Raining all day.. Great
I can't wait till move and I don't have to take this stupid assed bus route anymore
To all my NC friends and family -- I hope you're out there today voting against Amendment One!
I always look skint. When I buy a Big Issue, people take it out of my hand and give me a pound.
Glee was somewhat of a disappointment
Hahahahahaha I live you
RT Routetofunding7 #in Things they want to know - Have they had investment in the past & what did they do with the money?
Im not happy for you at all..... In fact i feel bad for you .... Goodluck you'll need it KIDdo.
So much is going on in my life. /: Horrible stuff too . Nobody else really goes though .. But justin always touch me .. tbc..
WOW Fantastic Baby!! Dance Woo. I wanna dan dan dan dan dance
Apolo was too small for football and swimming so he thought speed skating would be cool.
Craving a birch beer float from Klavons
Love between the ugly is the most beautiful love of all. - Todd Rundgren
Close one in Bakersfield, Jam down 92-89 with 2min left in the game
Sometimes, I feel like the lone french fry in a box of onion rings.
What do you prefer: Black Friday or Cyber Monday?
What a shit show.
Haha I can concur w/ that
Im hungry af!!
Praying for 5s!!
Tommy Rees has only been charged with four misdemeanors. The felony count was reduced. This could easily affect his status at Notre Dame.
um, yeah.
When we do not meet our #dog’s expectations unwanted behaviours can start to play out
It's skipping more and more often, and the chain looks loose. Not bad, but could use a tweak before it gets bad.
I have no shame in my guy!
Who doesn't love puppies? :O
Thanks to all you sick bastards that made V/H/S happen. It's been a true honor playing with all you.Fingers crossed for more fests
thanks for the shout out! Can't wait for ur new book on SOUPS!
I'm punching my steering wheel with this non-sense!!!! Why does he do this??
aww thanks Tiwa. Yeah, you're a tad bit late, but I won't hold it against you. Lol
I take it personally when a batter is holding anything other than a Louisville Slugger.
I don't care how humble u may seem, you're not that humble if you can't thank God First! Disappointed! Half Step'n on your acceptance speech
#CentralAustinJelly Bandwidth: 900 kb/s at Galaxy Cafe, 92 kb/s at Flying Saucer. They are 10 feet apart.
Maybe. I think she did it to make our parents happy. She actually works w/special needs kids, but she has the theology degree
I get judged for filing my nails during the yucky parts of R rated movies. I happen to think it's wonderfully efficient.
Oh, it's available again (wasn't yesterday)! I just bought it and the Nduja. Thanks.!
tell your dad he's right! If I wanted to hear Mariah I'd go buy her album and not Jessica's, Its overdone and boring.
Work on your talent, aim for progress not perfection and BRAND yourself! ^ CD RT : I'm ready for fame! Any tips?
inspired me to use twitter more often...
Laughter is truly the best drug ever...
now with Best out, I picked up Morris. I have MGD and McGahee on field, should I keep it this way and watch how morris does Week8?
Merry Christmas twitter fam!
New fav - avacado with salt and lime and chips. Hm, so good!
Hulk: SMASH!!!
The way Joshua sings...it's all about taste. I honestly wish I could say that I liked it...
Would so love to be there for this Creating and Editing Joomla 1.7 Templates #joomlaDayMidwest Will it be a Lynda.com title soon?
Or his name's not
Working on a new song today. Recorded a live version with just drums and guitar. We just might give everyone a preview.
Can't hate on Birdman. He admits from the go that HE DOES IT FA THA MONEY
I cant handle people who try to talk sports with me but have no idea what they are talking about, its not just a hobby, its my life
Etiquette question for : what's your take on playing music in the office? Headphones seem like a must if you share workspace.
Someone on campus just handed me a free novel (Rich Shapero's *Too Far*) w/ a soundtrack & access to an app w/ artwork. Thanks!
ctfu! smh how would you know??...never-mind that lol I would prefer the real deal holly field
Dear God. THANK YOU
Bought the best strawberries at Trader Joe's yesterday. Too bad they're already gone. :(
Creative Cause. My *forecast*
Who lives in Aurora il and needs a crew for abdc season 7?!?
Printing out 44 pages of an article can only feel this okay because it's David Foster Wallace.
This week's special by request: The Caprese! Choice of meat, Roma tomatoes, fresh basil, fresh mozzarella, balsamic vinaigrette, fries $9
see you in a few weeks !! Can't wait
hell yea I'm at work
I like the sound of this! :D
What are inquiries without justification...
We are fine, at least Cal got to preach on live TV! Shabazz to UCLA
"..wanted to say how excited I am that the Kings are staying in Sac. Now if we could just get that horry shot back.." amen!
You would be surprised how many movies actually started out as books.
I should add that Bret Bielema spoke highly of Sam Arneson following practice. Arneson caught a TD and now weighs 255 pounds.
Sure thing! We are all about luxury and experiences!
No one blames you
"Went to sleep at something in the AM" 's Supernova prod timed perfect w/ 's tribute to
: #LightBulbNation The Whole Team Coming Here On Vacation So Get Ready
Im trying to get through Blowback, start Morality of Capitalism, and maybe Hunger Games
You can't chain a free spirit. Lockdown only gives it more reason to breakfree.
Act off of feeling, not off of what you THINK.
Love the #cashcab segment on #30rock!!
i fell asleep like halfway through :( lololol but that's what tonight is for! I'll finish it :)
Boof! You got it, girl. DM us your address and number for your ticket.
I filed last week. Hope you can vote for me on March 3rd.
That's why I live in a boat.
Whoa--so exciting! Glad to hear everything will be fine. My fashion disasters w/daughter happened in a similar scenario....
Idk y my mom think i care about her hatetred of tatoos
What's with the middle finger?
EP artwork is in... Wrong, but in.
Good morning!
New phones here
Hey Jess, I love the mobile #app from --It's an #awesome way to meet new people
Who's trynna party wit me later 2nite at CLUB LUST in cause you know its going down so contact me to get on my Guestlist!!!
So any news for tomorrow? Ashley and I are both off!
Everyone voted to support original resolution with Galvin abstaining.
Yes, I find my alter ego to be very liberating : You need a like account!
Send me your sleeper pick to make it to Omaha.
Follow us on Twitter or Royal Koko! We follow back.
Lose Ya Panties & Ya Bra ,Ima Start Wit A Massage *Singing*
Steel toe tip of my left shoe popped off circa 5h58pm tonight.. I feel like damaged goods, going about the rest of my day like this.
hi back! (and thanks for listening)
Good point. 2am is my usual time for sleep.
the one next to Visceral or the one downtown. #7dayguestpass #wuuut?!
Emotions are the fuel you need to launch your dreams. Mine was anger and it's taken me to the moon and back.
Where the hell are the dragons?!
Reading about Victorian Children's lit and just ordered Rosetti's Sing-Songs. DARN YOU ONE-CLICK.
It was super meeting you today! Thanks for the encouragement on the arts council project... I will keep you posted. :)
I goofed on my schedule :-/ : Where we're ya!? #Smcsac RT Shout out to my friends at : ”
I like 's idea of asking tour attendees to also live tweet the program for folks not there.
Bottling Phase...Complete!
Just finished up another original! Now remixing a house classic!!! Details about both soon!
Self-awareness fail RT : I'm just amused at this xkcd thread. "I never use any math but program and make huge databases"
326 = my season tix & bus trip
Thanks for the follow!
There's no cost. All of our services are complimentary to our alumni.
why havnt I seen you since you moved back? Or your new little guy? My puppy gets here April 10th
the stuff is mine yo.
The Hangover is the Best movie EVER!! Come on Hangover 2!!
Packed house for Erik Larson at Cincinnati main library. Very excited and looking forward to getting his autograph.
Damn loving that #Remix to drank in my cup fckk.... #ChicagoBulls let's go
#Weather Forecast for Sunday Night
Thank you! I am with you there! It sure does!
it feels like centuries since i've seen you :( i'm like desperate to see you -_-
massive Testino fan!
Going to start working with some folks from RN soon...looking forward to the collaborations....T
#cloudprinting I would love a printer that prints flyers that don't run when wet.
so I guess the weather tomorrow is worse than I thought...no nephews...sad
#TheBrokeFriend is #somebodythatiusedtoknow but now all my niggaz got paper now...
I just wanna go back to sleep. -_-z
Shit in tonight sinuses are fucked up... may go to Vissions tomorrow.. have fun!!!
Yes he is! He's well grounded too.
Only four more exams and I'm done!!!!!
. Glad you found it helpful!
Daily GTKY question presents guilty pleasure week. What is your favorite guilty pleasure band?
sorry 'bout that, trying to keep things tidy for everyone. Good luck on your finals!
Things are different in the military. He should know that that was against military rules, and he should be discharged.
Mark it on your calendar! March 25TH Enoteca will have Joe Marillo playing his smooth Jazz sounds!
I am seriously going broke from shopping online. :(
lol you got that right (:
Per #facebook, about 16% of your fans see your content in their news feed on any given day.
Pushy people
In a month from today I'll he running my first half marathon. I'm so excited!
He clarified that he opened the bottle/can a week ago but it doesn't appear he poured any out. That's often issue w/ growlers.
Looking good Birthday girl! Happy Birthday! We will have to celebrate when you get back! Maybe Shaw's again. Yum!
Both versions of RC Trackpad are currently featured in iTunes > Utilities > What's Hot!
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED
uh who o_O
Q: How many exhibition designers does it take to change a light bulb? A: does it have to be a light bulb?!
Kinda love split jerks
hahahahahaha so im asuming they told u shut up well it's friday u should be happy
That didn't take long! Thanks for being my 2,000th follower. On to 3,000!
good night baby I am sorry don't shed a tear over me or anything because it's not worth it ok, I love you
O's and Nats are both 18-9. What is this? Glorious is what it is.
just gained a new follower! Coolest thing I've ever seen, tweeting pictures from the backstretch @ the #Daytona500!
you sure do love your communists don't u boblett
I have been offered a zip for ninety.. So maybe ..
At 400 rabbits bar drinking some cava, getting ready for Espana...31 more days!!!
You're welcome. Loved the post.
man i aint neva been so scared and paranoid in my life..this is too much
What a huge guy check for my #Niners. NFC Championship Game, here we come!
no telling what I'll be doing.. !
I'll txt u :D
"Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom."
Also we are stoked to be hanging out with the cool dudes in and
I guess they were just ready to get rid of us?
Guys these days REALLY get on my nerves.
Why am I up at 6:15 on a Saturday?
Very odd, some people are seeing my avatar sideways, some are not.
So did not want to get out of bed may get back in the video
MKE Area Tweeps: Register at www.BrewCityTails.com by the end of Sept & be entered into a drawing to win one of a bunch of prizes!
That's what Cece said too!
ehhh, getting ready for work as we "speak" so u know how that goes
Clippers down by 20. Anyone surprised?
Let me get to the gym before calls talmbout she up. I don't think we know what 'sleeping in' is.
I did a RP one on here but it was too hard I even made a picture for him on photoshop but twitter is hard to RP on
The ' forecheck is so beautiful, Shakespeare would've written sonnets about it.
oh hi most beautiful january day ever.
Esp. at FITzee homebase in #SD, #bikini season is about 2 months away! Get prepped w/ #free Fit Beach Body Workout this Sun. at 10am!...
#KimKWedding , lets hope for a sequel to the
Looks like I've got a lot of movie watching to do this weekend if I want to catch up on my Marvel superhero films before seeing Avengers.
High-tech tomatoes. Mysterious milk. Supersquash. Are we supposed to eat this stuff? Or is it going to eat us?
Yes really
"Clarity is the counterbalance of profound thoughts."
"Today we learned about purple weed and sex in a stairwell." <= "Will this be on the test?"
So what we do know is that Zimmerman WON'T be charged for murder in the 1st degree. How do you feel about this?
I think we can all decide when we meet up. x
When Mom wakes me up and asks if I want to go shopping.>>>>>>>>
I'd like to follow you but I've reached my limit according to Twitter.
hahah nice, only in the south right
Too bad Dick Clark died. My mom was actually on an episode of American Bandstand back in the day.
we'll have to further discuss. Call you tomorrow?
But why do my seedlings hate it their pots? They did great indoors, in our little greenhouse...but die outside!
Barre Body workout. Holy hell. That was hard!
I want to put a little kite on a flying squirrel someday.
provocative & fun presentation from cornell library about their library labs process for rapid dev. of new services (mobile, flickr)
Hippidy hop shut the fuck up
Just paid 5 bills for a client from home on my smart phone in about 3 minutes.
Always great information.
I hate when people don't get excited during the price is right...they just asked you to come on down, and it wasn't a frat boy who asked!
the award is for setting a new event record...
Where is everyone getting these pictures of RNG and the Boyz?
Slide two fingers in and do a "come here" motion while using your mouth on my clit. I'll usually respond by cumming quickly
Lets go Grizz
Yes please. Looking to get to PDX by tomorrow night at the latest. Thanks.
Sad story to start the week--Milwaukie man found dead on 99E under train overpass. Cops say he fell. How or why, not determined yet
NEVER make permanent decisions on temporary feelings.
where? I thought that place didn't exist? Haha
Ok, I've done enough at the office. Time to blow this popsicle stand. But I have reading to do, so more tweets to come.
Villanova v PITT starts in a few
yes!!! I was going to ask you how we can help the gentleman who's house burned down.. I'm glad you are organizing something
Thanks for the #FF. We both have Linsanity.
Home Alone. . .
Think we are seeing a balance of power shift in the west, OKC and Denver may be quite literally replacing the Spurs and Lakers. Griz as well
More lies and an omission. You forgot the 14 million jobs created.
4,645 ppl on facebook 'Like' The IRS, 141 are "talking about" the IRS. These #'s seem inverted and wildly disproportionate.
Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter Matt Hunter 35
ISO a few more local vendors for food partnerships with HoS. Any recommendations for solid farmers, salad trucks, etc are welcome!
you know you not so you stop pretending you are and be your self
sinko de mayo homes
Big thanks to for being a platinum sponsor! I love all the crazy support I'm getting from the Seattle community. THX SEATTLE!
just watched 50/50. Loved it.
Attn world: you will find humor in tweets if you read them w his pedo voice
How cool RT Just watched Int'l Space Station streak across the sky. People inside were once kids dreaming of being astronauts.
me too, with Pearson. My guess (based on using their products) is that they just want you in their walled garden?
Today was the last day of #25days25girls! Thank you so so much everyone! It's been a wonderful April!
Never Be Afraid To Be Yourself.....No Two People Are Exactly The Same, Not Even Twins. -Breeze DTA
Tonight! No cover! Free vodka 10-11p $5 Sex on the Beach drinks & Screaming Orgasm shots all night for !
But i guess it's a moot point because everything in his bibliography is from a Japanese journal.
Blazer basketball signed by 1977 Championship team will be silent auctioned at Raising Champions dinner Aug 1st!! info www.atlasprogram.com
If you can't handle me at my worse; than no doubt in my right mind do you possibly deserve me at my very best.<3
My ear hurts..... Alot
nice pics! Enjoy it while it's still snowing. This very wet snow will melt fast once the precipitation stops
plus a psychotic mass murderer...
I'm gonna email you soon. I would love to feature what you are doing for your "team cindy" run on our blog.
I feel like I disappoint people by liking CG. I'm so mad tickets are sold out. That's what happens when I stop paying attn.
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow Nothing can come into your experience unless you summon it through persistent thoughts.
you know what else I love, when you guys shit talk Claire all the time but then go hang out with her. And maddies bipolar.
I installed osx in 10 minutes...
don't judge me.
OH NO OH MY GOD WHY
Playing it safe , never gets you ahead
Magic' TV's work 2, they watched ths series, they dont wnt them. esp w/ how many years Booze has left on his deal
Going prom dress shopping today with :)
RT : Tonight I'll speaking at CalPA in Pittsburgh, PA looking forward to meeting everyone. <<are you speaking Spanish or English?
Lol no! But thanks ;) But still: NO! Let's change the subject now. GANG BANG. Right wanna gang bang w/ us? :D
What if life expectancy was like that movie In Time?!? ..Bum asses would be a dying breed.
only one more week of unemployed bliss...what in the world will you do with your time?
Got most of my crap packed for a week long vaca in a little less than an hour!
Is it bad form if I pop my head into view on camera and wave to the other person? :p
Thanks for watching!! RT "I want your money" is a great documentary #tcot #gop #teaparty #tpp www.iwantyourmoney.com
DAMN I Dont Need BEATS!!! READ MY BIO!!!
Have a nice day :D
Just made those this morning, he said. Too much dark chocolate with my Widmer so I licked out all canna peanut butter moose shit whoa
Four more jurors need for #hudsontrial. 14 jurors picked yesterday. We'll give you a breakdown of the jury on
More like jagged moves. Your parkour skills are significantly better, tho.
Experiencing some technical difficulties with Legion TV, stay tuned!
So bored. Just wanna go home and sleep!!!!!!
I get so excited to see Aoki hit lead-off even when he does that.
If theists can hate the sin but love the sinner why don't they think that atheists can hate the religion but love the religious?
wonder if will ever follow TrueBieberFans ? i hope so, hes followed just about all the other twitter fansites for him right ?
2014. Year of the squid. Be ready.
I would love too :(
If I read and I write, am I part of leaving a mark?
#ClubPS3 Aww man, I was hoping I would win, but congratulations! You deserve it!
Ok I wanted to tweet Elise T just saw her performance on American Idol what's her twitter ID she rocked it and it's the only one I saw
What is the best way to fool someone into thinking you are passionate about selling cakes?
Janic ein OH says it's too intrusive to say "I'm looking for some1 - can you help?" disagrees vehemently.
Not off the top of my head. I also don't see how that could be relevant to anything.
#Romney #Dodge if Banks should be bankrupt you shouldn't have taken their money!
Great photoshop retouching by Scott Kelby right now on
Anyone up for some sexting?
one ticket orchestra section L row D.
Good start
Agreed! v.: is full of social knowledge. I am looking forward to purchasing her book Get Bold.
I know. Wondering if there's been a disconnect in reasons he gave for wanting to leave and what he's now telling media.
i wonder if he will be the future mother of my kid,lol
RT : Awesome. I miss seeing the mountains. //We will share
Some changes for the A's in the 7th: McGwire moves from RF to 1B, Lansford from 1B to 3B and Mike Davis takes over in RF.
Struggle w/i us: a lot of 'you should'ing, want to be comprehensive. But may inadvertently be overwhelming.
Let em play, refs! Geez
quality time with your best friend? I think so! ;)
BeTeDub my new layout is downtown Louisiana
Just boy problems, thanks(:
Let's, you and me, fill up our dairies.
Accurate description of mine too RT : no bueno, my nose needs Drano
We're going back to 's old stomping grounds
I love listening to people who know nothing about hockey talk about how to fix the Blackhawks.
Gotta love technology I got to watch my mom get her doctorate degree live on my iPhone and snap pix from 4000 miles away!
It depends how fast you drink ; ).
I love twirling my hips.
too tired to think
Thanks for everything. A man thats worthy of someone like you will be lucky and wake up every morning with a smile on:)
thanks for the feedback. Had a different photo but the creepers kept creepin'!
yes a mole.
Went to this morning. Arm is especially sore, but a good excuse to skip lifting in favor of cardio.
yea it is
Been buried in stuff lately, but can see the light at the end of the tunnel. Fortunately, it appears that it isn't an train. :-)
Dane Cook has a rocking bod and his burger king drive through skit is funny shit
Day 2 of the worst fuking hangover ever!!
Cleaning , my room is a MESS !
What are you guys listening to on this awesome #musicmonday ?
S/O To all my new followers.... Just mention me and I'll
Want me to follow you?tell me:) want me to subscibe you?tell me:) want me to do something for you?tell me:) direct message me:)
said stolen or edited to the max...lol...or what's wrong with them is missing....like their bottom half or something
Our Divorce Seminar is tomorrow at 10:30am at 212 Washington Street. Make sure to confirm if you are attending!
Hey do yu no ny famous people??
I know, what I mean is, in those last two series, they didn't let them back into it. They put them away.
happy b-day
I just retweet with comment and delete the $hit I don't want. Haha
ill do my best this new year... to #beEpic. Thanks for the reminder
Thanks for having us. I can't wait to come back!
Up thanking the lord for all my blessings to blessed to be stressed
finally pitbulls getting positive press for the good dogs they can be .
Thanks for the rubrics!
... #2 useful feature is how I see it clearly increasing sales revenue by doing #1. sales/marketing peeps need this!
Your support is greatly appreciated!
no. I was playing against atlanta D/ST. C'mon man.
RT : Its a disaster when your country has an obesity epidemic and skinny Jeans fad.
Hey Stephen Reid,My cancer is all gone now. I'm excited for launch and it was great meeting you in Seattle.Riiker_Blade aka Glen S.
how come I can't f**king drag songs onto my iPod? Anyone else getting this is or my computer messed up?
Need to be sleep !
Skip the crowded malls this year. Come to Watts for a truly unique experience and learn to love holiday shopping again!
Funny how so many antigay pastors look like refugees from ballet class if their avatars are accurate
Order sent to Rebecca in the UK!
Don't like Austin? lol k more Mahone for us Mahomies(;
I remember 2011 like it was yesterday
Life comes with an instruction manual of how to deal with the problems of this world, we just have to read it & follow the instructions.
Oracle Openworld Kick-off Night 1 = Check!
Working outside with the ocean in view and a breeze hitting my face. Awesome.
im still laughing at the part when they threw kelly over the gate lmao that was too funny!!
lol I had a rant about bet
Going to see my best friend for the first time in a month
Glad most of my relatives were still on farms during #1940census, makes them easier to find
Titanic 3D would be way more interesting if the Dowager from Downton Abbey played "Old Rose."
I guess I could take them or leave them. I don't have any right now, but I'd buy some if they were cute enough.
FINALLY at my sisters graduation
Hello, missed my morning tweets:(
Fellas if she says she's busy! Don't call her back 5 mins later, calm down! If she didnt want 2 talk 2 u, she never would respond PERIOD!
Younger generation will have no nostalgia for the printed book.
but its all good, just ordered one on ebay. pretty cheap too(:
likes too. But I think, hes a little bit GAY! :P
Thanks for following and getting us started!!
Thanks for lunch. The corned beef was outstanding!
told Betty that they showed her pictures of Anna Draper and spoke very fondly of her. Hehe nice dig.
Smart people backed by smart products -
He sweet
My cupcakes came out better then I expected.
": I stay real to myself... that's all that matters."
Congrats to all of the new members of B-Unit and Blitzburgh Bombers! Cant wait to see all of you kick butt in 2012!!!
Not only did I get it, I know just the room to put it in.
Arabica coffee is by far the most well-known variety because of it's smooth taste & aromatic qualities.
Does Austin Follow you ??
get water!!
I'm in Tehran
Watching Pokemon like a boss. I remember this show came out when I was in 1st grade.
boring! Sad you missed
ur gonna b there?
My favorite part of April Fools is that it celebrates doubt.
Last time we sacked a manager for finishing 5th, it was one of the darkest moments in club history.
shout out to all my new followers!!!!
Wondering if should get his attention
2,000+ followers and growing everyday! Thanks for connecting with CITYCENTRE on twitter. :)
Heading back to work tomorrow after a nice vacation. Does this Arsenal/AC Milan game count as March Madness?
Basketball wives !
OK , those were some costly errors. Good thing this isn't a close race!
Sarah can u please please please follow/DM me plz thanks love u
RT : I'm getting sleepy :x
#ff HUGE thanks for your support You ROCK! :)
look forward to a fabulous event Sunday - Diva For A Day - helping some of our teen Little Sisters get ready for prom! Thx!
RT : Tori Spelling and Kelsey Grammer should get married. Then she can correct his last name.
Money cant buy happiness.. but somehow, its more comfortable to cry in a Ferrari than on a bicycle.
waving to the taco truck!!!
Smith says pacs is just a yr old and is just starting to hear student voices
makes sense. I dont want to be in the middle, mid or anywhere blah.
I've been meaning to check out his Star Trek stuff. Heard good things about it.
I loved it! ^_^
If you're a rich white male I can totally see voting with the GOP. Everyone else -- not so much.
Whoop whoop!
Time to reveal ’s ice cream flavors! We’ll be scooping up Margarita Grande & Mexican Hot Chocolate Friday 3-5pm.
Allow me to be the first to congratulate Thanks to all who voted for me!
My heart and mind are still reeling.....
Seriously, does anyone know how to make un-terrible again? Any tips welcomed.
Someone showed me the Kindle the other night. It has big text and also reads books aloud to people.
not much, just watching another Cinderella story. You?
Mario! What's the best PC laptop to buy for 1,400 (including the windows operating system) and where? Thanks!
- just made it home doh !!! #HungryAf'
The review of this production's Broadway run called it "fresh.., both airborne and transcendent."
Attention Job seekers! We are now hiring Catia V5 Tool Designers, AutoCad &/or (Factory Cad) Tool Designers, and UG NX5 or NX7 Tool Designe…
NEW YORK/NEW JERSEY/DMV Artist looking to get affordable movie quality music videos done, feel free to contact us at
Ugh Migraine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
"I'm already tired of boys & I haven't even had anything to do with them yet."
Possibly only can use an oven as a weapon. Luckily, she did not succeed in burning the apartment down.
Planning to major/minor in a foreign language? Info session about an amazing scholarship opportunity! Mon, Sep 19 @ 1 PM in Diffenbaugh 009
What a pleasure it's been to see grow over the 8 years I've known them. Love and support you
To quote an actor turned governor " I'll be back "
Have a marvelous Monday! (And I hope it is kind to you.)
Yep! We'll pick four random winners tonight. Thanks for reading and following!
BUT WHEN YOU SMILE AT THE GROUND IT AINT HARD TO TELL
The lady that runs the workout class from 10-12 this semester sounds like a Nazi and she is one as far as letting me inside the gym.
The evil acai berries have hacked Woody! MT : I lost 20 lbs with acai berry and no major diet changes...
Center City Philadelphia Weather Beckons Lunch-Goers To Linger A While Longer
im playing with mark miles and dan.... I didnt think you guys would be that pissed...my bad
Guess what we are extremely long overdue for....
Thank you for the RT! We heart ! xoxo
All hopes and prayers go out to those affected by the recent tornado disasters in the
"I'll never see the sun again." -
I know how to correctly say "Skaneateles".
RT : You already have a relationship with Jesus. He is either your Judge or your Savior.
do u ever sleep? With it being #cincodemayo I'm sure u'll be ready to go today...great work on finishin up school
WHALE WHALE WHALE.
To all my followers who are still alive.. Thank you for still loving me.
Good morning everyone,,, :))
Pssh, yeah! Mittens and ugly sweaters weather
That's pretty awesome
WOW!!! Nice! Dies Aaron engineer or do any of the "hands on" work?
I had a great time at the Spring Bash yesterday. They did a fab job w/ set up & vendor selection.
just like in school and on a nice day.
Good Morning! How do we make arrangements to watch a practice in Flowery Branch?
Really? A long shot of the whole house and there's no lighting designer, no moving light operators, and....no producers! 1/2
that's what noise canceling headphones are for.
Taylor lays one in for the #Badgers and the drought ends
HERE *raises hand*
I'm the only one in the office today. We just had a chocolate delivery that was addressed to the company.
Yes.RT : Needs to be a website where I can download all the music I've paid for but w/ files jailbroken so I can actually use them.
St. Louis Cardinals like to play autumn ball. hashtaggocards
Happy birthday to my darling wife.
Basketball season is finally here. Season tickets are gone. First game to watch out for on the schedule is against Arizona State.
/// Now if the Clippers beat the Spurs........geez, this will be a VERY interesting playoff season.
It took an unexpected detour. :-) I went shopping and found some great deals instead. All good.
Forever being a
clearly #stolen unless its willy, he drives a jag.
please follow me, I've reached my following limit
Thanks Scott!
Got my doggy back :)
I have the munchies! Fuck work.
Gelish Gel Polish is 10% Off and we also have 6 new colors... check it out!
Satisfy your sweet tooth with a slice of B52 Cheesecake. Three delicous layers: Kahlua, Baileys, and Grand Marnier. Only $1.50 a slice.
expected to see more explicit pictures...lol
it was last year season 6 e11. Nancy tells a SD tribune reporter she will contact that fact check person if he makes anything up.
lol. Do you know what flower that is!? A peony ?
You should try it for science!
I wanna go back to florida
Well, it's not exactly fine literature. It's a young adult story...
I guess not. Panthers scored :(
haha my dude trying to get that twitter fame
Bay Island Seafood 1903 W Pratt St, Baltimore, MD 21223 Cash and Carry hot steamed crabs! Eat up,
I think you should give a shout out to the men and women in the Services tomorrow. Just for a nice gesture.
it might just be being able to look at all things that i like on my boards - just many pretty images
": May is Mental Health Awareness Month. Jr Seau apparently committed suicide in his home. Listen..." NO.. Not another one
Dopest album from weezy hands down.
Very grateful, Patrick! Enjoy your Monday!
coakley winning message war here. What's her angle? Green/clean need 2 fight back, not enough.
RT : Hey Pls Help get word out that Stanford Lib's on Twitter!
STRESSED spelled backwards is DESSERT that's why we eat when were STRESSED
a couple more saves like that from Holtby and we might get #GoalieSplits trending.
Crap! #Storm near ATL diverted connecting plane
wait what?
I can't stand pumpfaking ass niggas....they make my head hurt
Thanks for the follow.
watching softball..makes me wanna throw my entire can in before a chick bums one off me after
Loving Pandora. Sometimes it's right on; and other times I think, "Whose music is that supposed to be??"
We all have that; gay friend, that doesn't know their gay yet.
Whats your username
We're getting ready to announce our guest performer for March! Higher Ground every third Wednesday @ Red Kiva! Stay tuned!
RT #ThoughtsofaREALMAN I'm so committed to God not only would I never lie or cheat on you.. But I wouldn't wanna disappoint HIM ..
and I saw Ross yesterday
not 100% sure as I don't pay for tickets. I think around $10 and a lot buy one get one free promo
you didn't text me? #ohwait I don't have my phone
Thanks for spreading word of the Rodrik piece.
#TheMasters green jacket has been returned to the common man. Congrats
I don't know can't really explain it .
So... You won't do that?
Truth is i missed the snow.. Thank you Canada!!! finally got to style some real winter gear
How much do faculty need to know about code to do DH? Will they always depend on developers? How well can they communicate?
cool. Email address to !
the night is your woman - and she'll set you free.
Execute the shot to perfection. Even more awesome!!
Brent has 6 kids? Was he joking or did I miss something? Emily wants to HAVE more kids, not INHERIT more kids. Bye bye Brent
RT : For being so gross, Christina can sing.
I hate waiting why can people not be polite and let you know when they are running late
Will do. I hope all is well with you. And yes...#gotheBrewers!
Who are you?:)
In the media business, being evil isn’t always a bad thing. There’s also the lovable kind of evil that we have here at CBS..
Lots ripped on the BEP's last year for sounding horrible live. People this year ripping on Madonna for faking it. Never good enough.
Inspiring for new songs, I assume?
“: Stay beautiful."
Train tickets today just past 4:45 with the End of the Workday Giveaway. Be ready to guess what's in the blender!!! ~boomer
Life is s( o )( o ) much funnier when you have a dirty mind. -- Funny Evil Tweets ()
They don't have a chance, too many major holes. 20th ranked defense, Very old QB+RB, and no major WR threats
Good afternoon from rainy Livingston, Tennessee!
Oms just posted that tweet & i thought i was gonna die.....
lol yeah your bus driver scares me
Ahh some people <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Oh that sucks....
mine is to....lol
Help me with my job! Do you think pop culture helps or hurts the true story of Hindenburg & Titanic?
You're welcome Love the clear info you put in your blog!
Great night !! Heading home goodnight #tweeps!
i'm going to austin soon!!! yay! hopefully i get to stop in SA to visit !!! =)
Basically, I think it depends on development of behaviors. I'll bet your T&D/OD department could help...
how many times have you been hungry and typed 'food' into the googles? i def just did that.
this kid in my class called gay and i punched him 2 times lol he desired that lol
#WatchingFriday "and you know this man!!"
If you died...who would care...if you live who will care ? Care!
He Extra thursty
no worries, we can just invite him to the sweet database description release party.
we gotta get jab card'g(:
just got Instagram, follow me bitches! MoniqueCherise
Seasons come and go but I will never change.
When I see a headline "Paralyzed Woman Gets Mind-Controlled Robotic Arm", I know we're that much closer to getting a Starfleet Academy
New fall class at West LA College - October 22nd....How to start and operate your own home-based business...sign up and get going! Helene
like, i seriously swung at it. we were brawling.
I wanna see Battleship
Emily is the truth! I Live!
#thinking hm....
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Elyjah Camp °Rising 8th °Harrisburg, PA °Travel Team: C.C.C. Changing their Community °Center 5’10
we got it. You drop those twitter bombs.
Can't sleep - so excited!
The American royal wedding is today as Erik and Lindsay tie the knot just under 3 and a half hours from now. I'm so looking forward to this!
Looking fwd to
I'm working on a Lutyens inspired interior. He said black is "conducive to magnificence" and I tend to agree!
": Do you think 's seven game suspension is a fair punishment? SHARE your thoughts!" No. He had been doing so well
I swear, our conversations are the best. :) you're the coolest and funniest. :) I hope you feel better soon. :)
wooot wooot it's almost saturday- can't wait to attempt twist method.Should I use shea butter or nothing?
Whatever, Happiness Ranking Survey Last Place. New Yorkers are PLENTY happy, goddammit. Thank you for asking.
RT : Elle McPherson arrived and suddenly the #GoldenGlobes #redcarpet turned into the Victoria Secret #fashion show....
I have the Lakers in 7
6 Flags today with
I agree Never Say Never!!! Ive been a fan since he only had 36,000 followers!!!! :D how long have you been a fan??
It's National Cleaning Week...Take some time to polish up your running form. We do free in-store gait analysis.
"4-20" 1 Cor. 4:20 For the kingdom of God is not in word, but in power. ~ Grateful for His power to save men's souls from sin and hell.
fat joints>>>
I like my cream iced and my cone down low.
weird, I had two energy drinks before 7 am...
The universe is always making you offers, only you know deep down whether the opportunity is for growth or not. Via
navy is an actual color . Defined as a dark grayish purplish blue.
- Just Got Done Doing My Hair & Laying Down . Wbu ?
first follower and first tweet! ;D
Ed McMann the Aviator
Shout out to the homie and his girl who drove 2 hrs to catch my show tonight. I sincerely appreciated that !!
was, I said. However, someone then corrected me.
Haha! RT: “: Your 30s exist solely to embarrass you about the music you liked in your 20s.”
Soaked up that tequila with some tacos.
yeah, I have like 12.
That's some booty! Already outta say it wit ya chest & alright alright alright shirts in my size!!
Tied record for heat in Orlando yesterday and broke record in Melbourne...What about today? Tune in now
The building maintenance Gus are walking on the roof and the cats are running around scared
is obtaining pricing from a local rooftop farm in Long Island City.
Hammond: I don't look at team and say it's broke. We have good players, we have holes, but we went thru tough season
You guys have whiskey? We are doing it wrong!
soon we shall ride.
Who doesn't?? ;-) RT hey, thanks for following! I love jughead. :))
Is taking his wife to see Sarah McLachlan at the RT66 casino tonight!
Monday, it's on!
Talking to the moon.
@ midnight launching COD black ops (rame coy)
LSU runner with the worst slide of all time. That was awesome.
was, yes
had a great time at the Guggenheim Museum today!
it's the lunatic fringe in the House that makes negotiating impossible.
how big is dataset? collaborate how? you want like a web app to view, edit, annotate data w/ user accounts & version control?
You don't lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership. ~ Dwight D. Eisenhower
Probably not until e block bc of the first 3 classes
So that chick didnt reply....What a loser.....?......Loser
Lake Montebello and Stadium Place!
AIM? Seriously? I have some old 8-tracks for ya too ;)
did Eeyoer's bday 1x & was freaked out; haven't been back. The blog circle is safer & w/less inappropriately showing body parts
that such a long time not to listen to them lol i listen to them almost everyday
oh ok man
-cuuz i told clarizza.. i was like you wanna see my crush? && I was like its carlos!;D & she saw him && she was like ohh that carlos? (cont)
i miss you. Follow the account i use now. or
Midnight trip to kroger for xmas tree cakes, el fudge, random pops, and donuts
haha that is sick dude! Thatta boy
Some people just joke way too much. They have no idea how to be serious!!!!
Sick I'm going back to sleep Stay Beautiful <U+270C>
Kids with ADD/ADHD are often very bright, but their grades may not be consistent.
#preacher A woman dont want no weak man!
Well done! Even better than the practice rounds!
GO AWAY!!!!!!STOP EARTHQUAKE!!! i can't reach my family!!!!!
Why eat steak, when you could have a hamburger?!
Stupid bored ..
just woke up, had a visit from some cute pups, time to just chill.
Ok, eye surgery on Feb 9
And it just dropped two points for that Tweet! HA. MT : Hear ye, hear ye! I have more Klout than anyone in the KUSA newsroom.
You are welcome! RT : thank you for your help I was able to get in touch with the person i needed to.. =P)
Amazon video on demand is not working tonight. Bummer, was set to be a good movie night. :(
Trying to purchase a new guitar is becoming immensely tedious already...les paul standard, you will be mine...
Glad to hear you're making good use of our electronic resources!
austin, notice this? <U+2665>
Well, we were making good time from Tolna 'til Nate's crank broke... Hitched rides all the way to Rugby & hope to make it to the bike sh ...
Our new site Features a Free Social Network a Free Directory of Veteran owned Businesses and more! Questions? Email us at
Our Sharon Rose's new #mystery PERPLEXITY ON P 1/2 should be out any day now! Watch for it on Amazon!
I'm proudly wearing my I voted sticker!
You've got my vote!!
KGB Bar Mystery Writers Night & launches Mystery Week NYC!
i dont understand how to enter what kind of video do you make? i doesnt say..
Yep. Contract is signed :)
NO DOUBT FAM!!
: I'm having trouble thinking of a bigger scumbag in the history of Pgh sports than Todd Graham...agreed, but keep the mrs out
Listening to Alanis Morissette on 104.3, still love just about everything from Jagged Little Pill. She changed music for the better.
How do you write marketing copy for a courtroom thriller featuring domestic violence without making domestic violence sound sexy?
i smell awesome, yup.
Do you need an architect when building or remodeling your home? See our discussion on facebook. Search Danze & Davis Architects Inc.
#Bones finale is miserable. I need strength to control myself.
We don't do anything in my third period. I should just start coming to school during fourth.
Does Best Buy even have a ‘horror’ section anymore?
WHAT IS THAT?
Don't let Monday be the worst day of the week. End 12/12 on a high note & join us @ 6pm for cocktails at our #Holiday #Party!
if I could be pay for both of us I would :( everything got canceled for me on Saturday.. sighs...
You dont fuck wit do you .... Stop it
We are working with to make it happen!
yooooo! I miss you, you need to hit my line its been to long
Your homework is to read pages.. *thinks* YES, no homework!
#everhave that one person that can make you smile no matter what?
IM TRYIN TO SEE WHATS NEXT
Oh man. R. Kelly night at the Beauty Bar, December 14. Just announced. $3. See you weirdos there. Let me remind you: he is the king of R&B.
lol crazy. My family from there is staying at my house right now. I don't get to see them a lot. :c
I need to go to sleep. Maybe I accidentally had some wine with the NyQuil.... But do those a train wreck make I? P.S. Hi Greg!!!
aww! I'm so glad ur doing well, I'm concentrating on getting slim n trim for the quince! Lol, it's true.
Tonight's Drink Special: Blueberry Stoli & soda over ice w/ fresh blueberries & a dash of Chambord. Only $6!
Congrats to SPIN's client, Furbish Co., for its SmartSlope product being named 1 of the Top Ten Green Building Products of 2011
Prognosis for sleep for tonight: questionable to doubtful
you're gonna hear it very soon is top of the list!
They used to use the radio audio for these games. Not that I'm defending my comment, but Uke has been used before.
their* “: who wants a painting for there house”
I love you too I am just like left w no words right now
Filed asylum app for a 14yo #ElSalvador boy;brother killed by gang 4 testifying. says country a critical-crime-threat.
"There are less fortunate kids in Africa who wish they had the opportunity to be an asshole!" - My go-to excuse for my actions from now on.
Im so over all the partying and craziness now. I just want to cuddle with taylor forever. Lol
#NUGGETS playing phenomenal tonight. Great to see Ty Lawson leading the troops and taking control!
Since Blizzard cannot get their shit together, send me your vaginas
"why would you put a banana in my ear"
Handbag catastrophe avoided at base of steps at #ECgrad commencement. Someone could have DIED!
How about a Simplicity pattern for a dog coat?
I just saw the name "Jerry" on my timeline and I thought that ppl were talking about Bieber's big thing down there haha. #Fail!
the only gender stereotype i intensely fall into is not being good at sports
Secretary-General: "achieved the MDG target... improving the lives of at least 100 million slum dwellers – 10 yrs in advance of... deadline"
No one pursued the VT shooter and 30+ people died. They teach to try to take down now. 1 man was will to give his life for his students.
...but supposing we call it "Matthew 22:21 Day" and start an associated tradition of beer and barbecues...?
So, can you get Bot Fly larvae infections in the US? Maybe more specifically, Louisiana. Just asking.
why on earth would you do that?!
As/also important: only a month till Great Oyster Feast - The Sequel. But less to prepare for that of course!
Just finished our trade show in Vegas - met up with some past clients and created some new ones.
working on finding artist to add to the site
About to eat my first ever Poppa Burger!
You're going to be disappointed when you don't know tomorrow where #VCU is going. Today is only Friday.
Ha, sorry! A lot of good music last year. Loved Sleigh Bells (our "music guy," , is a big fan) & Robyn's "Body Talk" as well
U can count on me to b real...and show love to my city.....
Oh dear, what is the Bostonian equivalent of that ripe mango?
yeah I wouldn't either I have bug fobia, I'm just really scared of bugs idk why? :o
working about to be home after this thank you jesus!
what jersey should I get my sister for her birthday? She has Jones-Drew, and also Leftwich & Garrard (ugh)
so we'll be in touch and please just call text whatever you want, as far as letting me know the details for draft date and money.
RT : God's not going to give you more if you're not ready for more. He loves you too much to see you fail.
If i didn't already ship Larry, i would SO ship Edy. ;D
Intelligence is like an underwear. It is important that you have it, but not necessary that you show it off.
Hot Peppers: The Newest Weapon Against Terrorism?
98% on math team test
Hines= Hall of Very Good.
my spelling however is not
What's the record for a team being shut out in a season?
Everyone arrived safely, after a quick bite at In-n-Out, we made it to our awesome hotel. Now it's pool time for kids and sleep for my guts
Getting ready to bring several amazing new author/screenwriters on board.
Definitely! Make use of these incredibly beautiful snowscapes!
In Stat's defense, it did say "In Case of Emergency, Break Glass" on the extinguisher. Emergency describes in
someone told me they saw our commercial during American Idol!
I hope when Andrew Bird comes on, you're struck with a pang of regret.
I gave +K on hitting deer with new cars on
it was really bad. Why do networks televise the anthem still? It's always awkward.
The Queen of Pop is in Korea. of course she is, they all love her there!
OWW SEND ME SOME NOW I WANT SOME !!!!
Hi Shannon Thanks for the mention! I appreciate all the help I can get. Anything you would like to see covered on CopsAlive?
come to playhouse
No problem! Hope u have a great weekend.
I seriously can't stop smiling. (:
agree on defense. But AG has a .247 career BA, keep that in mind.
I remember when some of you people said "drinking and smoking is gross" look at you now haha.
Open Mic is on right now. Erin's really good. Come sign up.
Heading to churchill with to see how ppl are doing in the infield
Black Gold sequel is officially started!
pax can't come soon enough, I don't know if I can go three whole weeks between video game conventions
yes :D
Working on our strategy for delivering 300 delicious turkeys for Thanksgiving.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who is obsessed with horses..
What kind of company RT : G'morning my beloveds..not quite ready to get up. Wishing I had some company;)
Ok.that was funny.
GOOD LUCK in our contest! What did you think of Antwan's video?
I recently had a *great* time making an arts n' crafts box for a kid.
you were too busy flirting lol
Sitting at about to have a really nice stout, and some dinner...I NEVER get to do this!
I would rather lose an argument to you than lose you to an argument.
Listen to my MOTH story on 's The Business today at 2:30 PST! Also, someone named will be on the show, probably before me.
“: Whenever I hear someone say they heart something, I want to foot their head.”
Waking up early blows
that's a beautiful thing. I feel that way about my brother
CHALLENGE PREVIEW: In light of Valentine’s Day, stay tuned tomorrow for a LOVE-ly promotion. All we are going to say is Cao Chocolates.
oh I thought it was a band interview, I guess great time to meet your neighbors
oh just relaxing! I should do laundry though... Haha but after a week of work who wants to do chores?! ;)
c: I will.
Truth! Crazy ass sh*t
What's going on tonight? Also my last night in DC.
My Favorite Water Brand is Figi (: , wbu ????
Oh when it comes to sleeping pillows, it's recommended to buy a small one. Big pillows are meant to be hugged not for our neck.
Don't you just love what I've become?
Today isnt a good day.
well maybe a little.
LOVE IT! RT : Dave Grohl rocking the vintage t-shirt
The good life, as I conceive it, is a happy life
hip hop. don't really know about hip hop subcategories, but kind of like Scott storch sounding
The mind is everything. What you think you become. - Gautama Buddha
Something I shipped from the UK that I honestly thought I would never wear again: wellies. Putting them on to unclog the drainpipe.
are you aware that you have passed up pod?
Beef up your vocabulary,brush up on your grammar and lots of real test practice to improve your score!
Thanks for tagging me on #Facebook. I'm so happy you enjoy my music. Tell your friends/fans/followers.
Saw the stills from the new Tim Burton Dark Shadow's Movie. Oh man I absolutely have 2 go C it now!
HAPPY Helen Hayes to everyone! Especially We are so very proud of you!!
Having cup of Assam tea at Coffee Chicago and catching up on #Egypt #Jan25 while waiting for H to get his hair cut.
this is glorious.
thanks!!! LOve the ring!! ;)
so it goes
Prayers for the family of Mr. Don Cornelius..May he rest in peace!
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy. -Benjamin Franklin
Teen helps fight deadly HPV in Tijuana | 123 Trend Blog
WeTV Is wrong for this!
Pichal says "on a phone, yelp is an app. on a netbook, it is just a URL." @
when did Kreis say all this? I missed it
Listening to If You Only Knew by
Bring Back Ringer 13
Just tried to Wikipedia something. Whoops.
So close, we only need 17 more followers for the GIVEAWAY!! RT this to make it happen today & 1 random follower will get a PRIZE PACK!!!
My childhood is taking a beating first MCA, now Maurice Sendak, who's next Gobber...
1.period cramps 2.headache 3.my body is sore from running around and skateboarding all day yesterday
Just pissed girl .
I sometimes play movie action music in my head while I'm driving or during a shoot!!!
Babe just let his mom's house while I was talking to his sis. Stretched out in his bed! Holding on<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
i love glee!! i spent 4 days straight watching itt!! XD and you are my favorite character! :) please retweet me and follow!
girls night soon ?!?!
Haha you don't want that...he's AWFUL.
He's still in charge, that's why he's the only one commenting
In Lincoln Park, we meet weekly for lunch Our fees cover our lunches & training & events.
Go ahead Gladys!!! She's gettin' it!
Organization success - research show stockholder wealth increases substantially when firms place workers at the core of their strategy
It will be the ultimate slap in the face to the #Bucks if Michael Redd is the reason the #Suns make the #NBA playoffs.
Fun Fact of the Day: There are 701 types of pure breed dogs!
your mom get my text?
you been holding on for too long...just let go .
do you know what type of dress and shoes you want ??xx
thanks man! just checked out moveline. looks pretty cool. signed up for the beta...
oh, since you're so smart, what does it mean to be on the waiting list?
im out of twitter jail .....yes! LOL
Enjoying going line by line through the #1940census this morning
Hi, have you heard anything about #Movember?
Words really can not explain
"what,No boyfriend?" "no, no problems :)" "smart girl :)"
that's a secret .... if word gets out I like water, ill never be dry again! So.... I will leave that Q unanswered
just got ubuntu loaded on my laptop... soo much faster than windows
haha no doubt, really dug that track (obviously)
Does not feel like listening to stupid speeches today...
Plus every time I lean forward to get some power behind my pushes, the automatic flusher gets triggered and throws me off.
YAY! de-install / install such is life
Woke up stiff & achy. Wanted to quit by mile 3, so t'was a long haul at a snail's pace. Ah, well. Magellan Half on 5/12 next.
I love that you are keeping a sense of humor. But you deserve better than Courtney. She has some maturing to do
Thanks for the mention and note - I'm so excited by all we're discovering about the connections of mind and body...
hahaha! Don't get people started!
Dinner at El Rancho Grande with the family.
Technology & Solutions: RR Donnelley presenting Managing Complexity in a Cross-Media Supply Chain in the Carnagie in FIVE minutes
If Pinocchio says "My nose is going to grow right now." Does his nose grow?
how-dee! hope you're gonna have a great weekend! BTWayside, i have hit a twitter limit, so that i cannot follow any new peeps! boo!
it is and the same too u ;)
I didn't know top five
It's sad when people you know, become people you knew.
Comparing social media to courtship makes it seem easier for all of us to navigate. Unless, of course, you struggle with courtship.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!14
Opinions -> Data -> Metrics -> Analytics -> Insights -> Action. And make SoMe compelling not compulsory in orgs big or small. Yes!
"Take home final exam due by 4:30 PM. Late = fail." At least he has clear expectations I guess.
docs was subsumed by drive, which makes sense. Offline docs is a huge leap.
no problem dude.. good luck. we have had about the same luck. we're on our 3rd singer in a year
happy birthday! earth sign! me too :)
I need to do some yoga asap because mommyhood makes my body ache! I'd settle for a massage!
several cocktails with fellow DC bloggerettes:)
I said it before and I'll say it again, Guillermo Del Toro would make the most "Batman" of all Batman flicks.
Five Favorite Films with Maggie Grace After her stint on the island of J.J. Abram's Lost , Maggie Grace has taken to the big screen with
The sweet irish prince, The curled hair sex wizard, The badford boi, Le swagmasta de Doncasta, and the puppy-faced heart melter.<U+2665>
y'all fried
When you love your gf more than anything and she loves you back<3 great feeling ^___^
Look out San Francisco. My son turns 21 today and he's headed out into your streets. (on foot, naturally)
Vinny Del Negro is great at coaching talented teams into underachieving. Will hold a deep clippers team back.
When always sends you selfies >>
I have a quick temper, but my weakness is giving people too many chances when they havent even earned them.
are you laughing as hard as I am right now after looking at the mention?! Lmfao(:
Doors unlocked and open.
No, cold... You can fuck off cold. I can't miss class anymore XD
y'all have fun! I'm sure it's going to be amazing. :)
RT : Q4: U TALK ABOUT RELATIONSHIPS AND EXECUTION BEING KEYS TO SUCCESS. WHY ARE THESE TWO FACTORS SO IMPORTANT?
No women needs a man that doesn't need her.
U r very welcome!!RT : Had a great time at Wavy 10 last night with #Thankyou!
Had a haircut about a month ago. Probably need another soon....
I choose, I respect AND I appreciate Authenticity (realness.)
YOU KNOW WHO HAZ SWAg my leather jacket that's rite
Farragut W, Reagan stops, shelters on K St, Gallery Place are just a few locations with #wonk ads. Week2 ends in 59 hours. american.edu/wonk
Brunner: philosophy as a practice of thought
Me and Matt go way back we don't lie we just state facts..
We're gearing up for the screen tests this weekend! Looking forward to seeing familiar and new faces!
If I you were me, you would get a red nose and some big shoes and call it a day.
Reminded that Carmel, California remains, first and foremost, an arts community.
enjoy your time justin
did I win the photo contest? God I hope I did!!! Tonights service was amazing! Can't wait till next time!!!!
Thanks for checking in with us & ! We're happy to have you!
#MyPastRealtionships ... Taught me nothing, cause' I've never had one.
I really don't care about android instagram users that much much. But it's funny to think.
NO. JUST NO.
The hint was all those people standing next to you, talking loudly about getting Beer at the Utah.
TAKE ME WITH YOU! & BRO YOUR ICON IS GORGEOUS LIKE OMFG DEAD >>> :D
good job to the lady eagles softball team tonight!!! love you girls!
lol i aint got a ride to bank so cant get money so no bud
i actually don't mind the rain today.....
Get ready 4 The Sour Patch Stand-up Comedy Show this Friday at 8pm only at Studio! I'll be performing as my usual cute self.
i swear if i see another austin mahone 11:11 tweet ill go crazy
I want to thank the IADO for everything they have done for me. I am honored to have their support.
Thank you Daniella!
Tell me you're not wearing a fanny pack. Tell me I'm imagining that and that's not what I'm actually seeing.
but like Nielsen ratings, the success that is perceived is the audience reached no? Quality is rarely rewarded both PD & TV
We got our first legit DVD-R the other day - trying to decide what to do...
I've seen that shit too!
hello chloe morning
haha!! i know!! i thought you would like that :-)
"(Some guy) and (mistress) check-in at (restaurant). Anyone else see privacy implications with Facebook group check-in? :)
what's going on chef
and I have an orange tuxedo stripe on my jeans.
Your boyfriends at my house
Skip school and end up getting a headache all day
Are you ready for the holidays? The Mexic-Arte Museum Store has some awesome gifts in stock to fit any need!...
badder than bad she is smokin ! <:\> *christina the cuban*
You came to Mixology and didn't stop by to say hi literally next door?? Hurt and offended.
How can Lux help you with your new years resolutions?! Charts, templates? Let us know!
i don't know what a Loiter Squad is either. but keeps talking about it. o.o
thanks for the shout out!
real good
it's true dawg. still an employee too so this is gonna suck dick.
Leave alone you guys but sabrina i thoght u knew its tho still love boo
Tonight is the night people! is in #Denver! Come to an amazing show and rock out with us! Get your tickets!!!
MY PHONE IS FUCKED UP! MY BUTTON TO TURN OFF MY PHONE IS FUCKED UP! -__- I'm starting to hate the iPhone
. my former #pubmedia station, WKAR, has gotten serious about local events + programming; ambitious and good to see.
now that's a good a$$ night! :)
Follow to get an instant follow back!! #Team2Sexy!!
":re "3 more of Obama's prostitution loving Secret Service gone, 9 total so far" But notice media/gov r digging way back now!
Jackson: Supports the motion. So they have enough votes. Only 2 schools MIGHT be closed
probably was
hey big dream aka mr producer in the house lats get this comedy thing rolling people follow me people to success
{ my b-day was the 17th of august..
We have found the Hacker and he has been terminated, sorry everyone once again :(
“May the favor of the Lord our God rest on us; establish the work of our hands for us-yes, establish the work of our hands.” - Psalm 90:17
Incredible recipe for SEARED SCALLOPS!!!!!!!!! HTTP://bit.ly/dpZOJy
Remember, the only constant thing in your relationship is change.
we couldn't agree more!!
followed back :)
the home dog on Thursday night of course!
May help if they took a shot outside the box every now or then. “: Barca needs to change their tempo - it's too predictable”
Happy New Year!!
do you like fuel stops better in f1
you got a point there..
ooh shutup Harold. You know you enjoy it!;)
a smart man once said sumthin bout "an object in motion wants to stay in motion..." momentum baby! keep crushin man!
new York u?
It gets hard sometimes but gotta keep goin
lololololol especially if I'm bored. Pure comedy.
was it because of the rain?
she only made it for one direction ;) same for me
Flying back to NY with the whole band. Tuesday and Wednesday playing !!!! Be there !
yep! And if you're going to Orlando go shopping. Or go to Disney world
Spring shows what God can do with a drab and dirty world. ~Virgil A. Kraft
Wine should help.
So used to having my childhood memories shit on by Hollywood I am numb to news like this
Nuggies look loose tonight or what buddy? Wouldn't mind a little local knowledge when figuring out tonight's plays
Full time workers who retire at age 66 tend to have a retirement income 33% higher than those who retire at age 62. Munnell and Sass (2008)
Just coz! Like meeting new peeps. :)
About to hate RT
im in love with teen wolf im such a wolfie
Did anyone else catch that #pumpedupkicks baseline at this morning? Sneaky
Or the weekend of the 23rd or 24th? DM me with your schedule!
Earliest wake + bake
you know what i can't get, is how some people have the most biggest asses in the world, i mean really though i don't get it. O_o
I have a mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it.
hope every is going all right:)
Forecasts predict rain for Christmas.... every-friggin-year
yo follow back?
Be sure to come to the Maui Mall for a "Weekend of Savings" throughout the mall from March 25 to 27! Get in on all the savings!
I'm having ice cream craveings again uugghh
RT : When I am an old woman I shall wear purple And I shall walk over to your table and verbally assault you if you ruin my lunch
Happy #Easter!!!
ON top OF the world!! haha (slow moment)
Just the best game of this generation!
i sent u the question in a DM so read it lol....
Is it me or is this homeplate umpire an idiot.. now he had to have the manager tell him the count. #wtf how stupid are u blue
so sorry to know this. perhaps you could try the recipe in the whole pet diet. hope it goes well for you! wholepetdiet.com
This weather is incredible! #MiamiRocks!
#Blastoffnetwork just added ThinkGeek to the mall with up to 4% cash back! Check out all the neat gifts they have!
Happy New Year! <3
I Cried When I Saw The Commercial For The New Movie Chimpanzee...
“: You're a 90's kid if you've ever tasted Play-Doh before.” ...
From C.E.O.'s to Celebrity's contact B.C.N.
WHAT?!?!!!! Uh yeah, this needs to happen.
True, but he has the lowest WAR of anyone in the bigs so I think he'd argue with your claim.
HEY EVERYONE PLEASE TWEET '' WELCOME TO BRAZIL BIEBER '' FOLLOW EVERYONE
DJ Shadow
Hey Gale, thanks for the follow, love Dallas!
Heading out.
Bummer about Barca today--did not see game due to travel but recorded it. Flat?
remember what JACK would do.
Yupp about to start cutting ppl off. Starting today a lot of stuff about to change. Don't believe me? Watch!
All I want is to go see Drizzy
Can't take this..
I would love to be in your video! What do I have to do?:)
Just saw rumor that #Jets could be on Hard Knocks again. Please let this happen, I want to see the Sanchize cry on
Let the Sunshine in! Beginning in 2012 most pharma, biotech, medical device & medical supply concerns in the US will be required to...
yes, do it no matter how smelly she is. You know you love her
Woke up an hour early.. Curse you awkward dreams.
Did you receive your TLA 2012/2013 ballot in the mail recently? It must be postmarked by today! And thanks to all who have already voted.
I didn't know u had twitter
Win the cd coming soon details on the Hunter prize pack library!!!
I told you Larkin would be the only person elected
where are you?
WHO'S DOWN FOR A WATER BALLOON FIGHT? I'M TALKIN WORLD WAR LEVEL
cult connections? I'm a cub scout leader, not girl scouts-- hope you're talking about someone else :)
Lol how long are you in jail forr ?
Albeit with wall of 151 vaginas MT : The uber-designed experience at makes me think of Disneyland, x 1000
Its been fun! RT : looking good, feel like I am there
lmfaoXD am glad it did :)
Bad dream :(
WHO ME
“: #MentionTo someone who'll be your best friend forever.” <3
Book it and they will come...
Whenever babe is at work I'm always bored with nothing to do .. That explains why I'm doing homework . (;
I think searching minecraft
When boys can't stand to see you with a sad look on your face. <U+2665>
Vibing with and my homie Richy going thru some home grown beats.
Good luck, dearest! Can't wait to hear all about it! ;-) xoxo K*
The Adamouski will forever promote the visual individual--ADAMOUSKI
Congrats to MBA Dr. Manav Dagar for securing a consulting position at in Mumbai! #urglobal via
hey hey :)
Finally Done With This Dumb Essay ,
#nf follow back cause i misses you!!
If you are working at AT&T, then you do have some experience with the IT industry, though!
Hehe well that's a good thing, isn't it? ;) & I'm just watching tv and tweeting, what about you? <U+2665>
Rondo the best and worst thing to happen to the #Celtics tonight..
All I know is that Vic and Gary had the best morning Sports radio show in Denver and why they're not on the air is nuts.
geez la weez, and Hotch-a-do is closing for 2months cuz of renovation. Its gunna be one vacant corner.
dud you get
lol ok then.
Don’t quit because something went wrong. Quit because you tried your hardest and nothing made it better.
tht was his number cuz Kobys number is on Coles profile.
Haha you gotta stay safe !
And, as blob says, Atkins can be a lifestyle change
Breastfeeding Rocks!!
Let's get to 2K by 7pm and follow his big brother they're both cute and so fine
exactly. They definitely teach you whether you are ready to learn or not.
ugg, that's a tough one. Good luck though!
Dive plays tomorrow night at with !
I saw! Ready for a new wardrobe, eh!? You can sign up on the website- www.trunkclub.com - ask for me!
yeah his line vs aye verb was crazy...
Boise State is looking tough...
Rumor has it that it's 's bday...have a wonderful day, lady!
Woah I've been sitting in traffic through an entire hour-long mix? Never been so calm. #edm But whats going on sd?! Its almost 8!
I think it depends on individual hands. Maybe see if someone will let you play with theirs a bit before deciding?
Right as I'm settling down to get to that thing I've been meaning to do forever someone needs something. Happens every time.
Chapter 2012 85 of 366 The path is clear, it's time to move in quickly...no time for sleep nor slumber
Morning Myrt! It was great meeting you at NGS...here's to hoping it's a little longer than a few minutes next time.
wait what
keep asking a?im dying2kno the answer2but he hasnt seen it then hes answering questions im asleep. WHY DID I STAYUP ALLNIGHT
text me?
Happy Thanksgiving! Have a wonderful and safe holiday.
Nobody knows what you want except for you
I regret even meetin you
#ChristianKKK think "Secular" is the name of the demon who killed the dinosaurs.
yes they do.
and boom.. done.. handle changed across all platforms. i am now: !
Friends and family over to watch the fight tonight!
Happy Birthday to me. I got my freedom.
well well its your birthday and beyonce announces she's pregnant how amazing :') #happybirthdayliam <3
great seminar!
Hey back at ya! And is that the awesome red nose again???
Pujols hit a homer today, which means the '$200M & no HRs' watch shifts to Alfonso Soriano & the large hole in his swing.
Your JUNK is HANGING OUT and showing....blowing in the WIND....TUCK IT BACK IN..... SPIN..
Register for Heirloom Seed Starting– 3/18 2-3pm $4 -Learn about heirloom varieties of garden plants & start seeds to take home. 327-7580
where are you guys seeing it?
Crosby's back, Packers won, it's a great day in sports
are you looking to discover new talent for your next film? you know, hollywood loves an overnight success story ;)
I like a Flo Rida song? I should be put down.
I am awesome, and smudged eyeliner is sexy. Thank you for the affirmation
Thanks! Great session on #drupal at #nagw2011. Lots of govvies working on cool sites. Can't wait to see 'em.
anyone wanna go see Madagascar 3 wiff me? lololol
might cost more tomorrow
messages you on skype..let me know
Rock 'N Blues Jam today at The Farm in Orrville! 1-3pm - BE THERE!
My phones working again :o
Today in Literary History: On April 9, 1929 Paule Marshall (author of BROWN GIRL, BROWNSTONES) was born in Brooklyn.
lmfao I know the feeling Im just out of denial we need the weed lol I tried to stop but that shit dont work lol
“People admire us for the things we stand for, but respect us for the things we won't sit still for.”
in my jammies already too ;p
I know you do. That's my fault. I just have those days where I don't feel like looking at this stupid phone.
Where to publish videos: Blog, SLideshare, Youtube, iTunes, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Linkedin, Tumblr and Vimeo
HE'S A TROJAN OF COURSE! #FIGHT ON!
Just got mine
Stay true in the dark and humble in the spotlight ;) x
such serious faces!!!
FREE PARTY TONIGHT AT THE 804 KUSH AND CIROC BROKE NIGGAS THIS YOUR TIME TO SHINE LOL
they might want to think about an extension now.
QUICK! Everyone overreact, we're doomed!
I'd probably hate it if it was 100% of my job, but I love writing HTML & CSS from scratch.
This is great! Thanks for sharing.
Eves Bayou tne movie is good
LOL want to stay off your "clean up" list!
Be yourself. It's more fun
my dream house is in Miami where it's nice and warm :)
Remember when they said that what we want could never be done? When it all comes falling down, we'll do what we want.
RT : Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart, not someone who plays with it.
should i go to bed????
I'm a cheapskate...uh I mean frugal...so whatever is on sale.
omg ;O i dont know, sorry. i dont have a good idea.
Live those last 3 to the fullest. Your life is almost over as you know it.
Don't dissrupt me when i'm in my luke bryan mode on the bus
I assume you mean to offer if suspension is upheld. Otherwise really should wait for decision. + was in post season anyway.
yeaaahh!! It did ):
youre a twit fanatic
DC It's GORGEOUS outside today!
Lol! I just realized this will be my first summer single, and I can't stop smiling...
MWSA Review Criteria: Do you let the people in the book act out their own story or do you tell it for them?
As long as Tiger and Phil are there, golf it is unfortunately.
I've also become MUCH better informed and more well read since starting on twitter.
You may think that I'm being unfair by posting bad tuts but I am... A: Providing comic relief and B: Saving you time wasted at these sites.
random question but was that Jeff Lisandro playing liars poker with you
I'll take care of you.
Congrats to Ranger Rob: The Movie on the upcoming showing at the Palm Springs Intl. Short Film Fest. 6-21 - 6-27 www.rangerrobthemovie.com
Talking about public transportation planning in urban areas.
Gotta laugh to keep from crying... Big props to my sister for helping me with the Aloe hahaha
Was before he was available ": Last week talked to Jaguars beat reporter She said no real interest in Tebow."
I just hope Brandon Snyder doesn't become the Antwan Barnes of the
Brad is in... Enough said...
Need help boosting your brand's image on social media? is now accepting new clients for full time mgmtt!
This is not the time to get sick :(
Can't stop experimenting with iBooks Author. Lots of promise for museum pubs Ann's interactives here. Great accessibility features.
hi maddie look made a twitter ! She act too and she also sings !Go and follow her ! She will follow you back
Great to be here
It's Dolly's song.
RT Have u seen this playoff resume? RT : Moe Williams would be better
The tangible benefits of your hard work will come soon. Be patient.
is all the way live!
I would think misunderstood by your peers and embraced by the older generations.
Rod Stewart performing tonight in Vegas.
When it comes to me having a good conversation... It won't happen at night.
#erl12 Strawn quotes Walter & Yamamoto "our goal is to effect change, but to be effective we must stand together."
looking forward to our show Saturday night!
same here!!! the puppet always freaked me out!
Uhm... What meeting? And you have 27 more minutes. RT “: so this Friday meeting they will be discussing Saturday?”
I got 308,568 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run. im getting better by the minute!
thanks for retweeting me to your 4 followers...
if it wasn't for your Great Grandma, you might not have
"Santa just yammied in your handbag"
LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE** #tonefide x1
Lockland bar & grill 713 Wyoming get there tonight . Bad A$$ chicks in the buildin all night an DJ Killa T fuckin it up on the 1's & 2's...
Completed 5 solid hair styles, two of which will only be issued in brown while the others will be a combination of normal and CrAzY colors
Pulling hard for the Magic in support of SVG and protest of DH12.
I want what I can't have.
Funny. I don't remember dunking my head into a bucket of pollen last night.
Solid pitches at tonight's pitch night w/
i love mistletoe!
Not all of it can be written down; that's why there's music and art
If she loves that of what I love, then maybe were seeing the same picture...Just through different lens.
#ThingsiLoveToSee this one girl's smile because I put it there... you know who you are, beautiful
Thank you!
: Won't he shut the fuck up and go ride some females dick like he does....EVERY....SINGLE....DAY,! Yes You Bitch,!!!!!!
Oh I have to watch that. Thanks!!
it's alright, just breathe
Don't ya just love the smell of hubris in the morning RT : : dems got heads handed to them in primary
:) whoop whoop!
ok I wont then just fr u jenna nd elli
Lol. doesn't follow alot of fans. I've met him and he hasn't followed me yet ethier. I'm sure he'll follow you one day.
im getting tired of FAKES on here tring to get people to follow someone by bribing
I gives a fuck bout this game.
A nice ritual and…perfect way to clear your mind. Enjoy, Jess!
Happy First Anniversary!! So glad I got to be a part of your special day. Hope today is wonderful.
looks like Im gonna start working in baytown now new job I can't
I am looking for a Career opportunity. Any advice will be appreciate it. My personal info is located in linkedin. Thanks.
we got that "daaaammnn yall still 2gether?" type relationship
« « Sometimes bridges need to be burned so you don't go down the same path again.»»
yard signs will take longer. Sorry.
Cut off jean shorts and mesh tanktop weather
Music is the poetry of the air.
that means a lot, coming from a library #rockstar such as yourself!
Ready to be bummed out? There's a show called Bikini Barbershop: Jersey.
Speaking of 's TradigitalStories, would LOVE to see/hear literacy narratives about Paper.li + other online curation tools. Share?
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
Definitely a more interesting question.
Down! RT : what up then!! Let's race!!
look forward to seeing you all tommorow.
Do you think machine translators will ever be able to fully replace human translators?
I think you should shoot a short film about the "good time" tours.
lol totally thought of the same thing
The Maury show is pretty much a game show!
Sounds like it's #Coffee O'Clock! ;) Happy Bday to the lil gal!
more like a brain than a bucket (i.e. will have an emphasis on relations between things than on the things themselves)
At polish school with ... :( shit sucks
n GRINDING!!! I see u...lol...bein humble n shit
boyz+are+back =
You only have one life so live it the best you can because you can die at any moment and you don't want to die with regrets.
#WaysToImpressMe be about something!
brother, thank you. Thank you for your service to the Amarican people, and thank you for your service to the Constitution!
- I can't wait to hear lady, you're a fire-starter....blazin'! Hope you made it back safely. Get home soon.
Stoney revives his "What's Your Beef" segment as "What's Your Freakin' Beef?" with Detroit meat shop Ronnie's Meats as the official sponsor.
also thank you for the link last night. It helped!
thanks for the retweet! xo
Who am I?
some green day meehhhbeee
I really shouldnt be watchin a scary movie ryt now!
I think I'm finally gonna get off my ass and go get some carne asada fries.
Oh, you know - supercool. How's the language study coming along?
Heard you were amazeballs!! ^5! RT : Had a blast jamming with last night after the ACM awards.
Looking for support for my new reality show "Can You Spend It" Check it out on Facebook. Hit that "LIKE" button y'all
yes. yummy!
": I tried to follow Niall's girlfriend, but Twitter said "Edit Profile"" <---- THIIIISSSS SO MUCH HAHAH
Thanks ! You too ! RT : "Good morning world" ....have a great Monday."
let's go heat!! Let's go Heat!! LeBron for MVP!! Ring for the King!! I love HeatTv & Hot Seconds w/
no, i'm not doing satanic rituals in my dark office....the fluorescent lights in my office just shine too bright.
Excellent! How is my favorite Laredoian doing?
omg I can't ily
thanks for having faith in me
Ugh that mean I got to get up and go to the store...... Im fat ugh
thanks! I saw your Mother's Day blog about Shayla. Also, just sent you a message on FB with instructions to find pics of Luke.
#CapsNYR nice way to end period 2.
Thursdays are the best, thanks to !
Follow for news updates! On tour dates, single releases and music videos! Thanks Guys!
Join CO Ride to Empower team Fundraising levels from $300 to $4,000 & is all inclusive; hotel, food, flight, bike shipment.
: data publication is not the magic answer (no epistemology for when to publish, shortage of data managers)
No matter what, everyone knows to applaud the drum solo.
Not to be a nostalgic fool, but music videos have lost a little something special now that they're on demand.
Feb 18th you'll get a dose of
Granny want let me help her make my cake...lol... I love this 89 year old lady...
it has been a pretty good day c: i talked to him and i realized a lot
I'd much rather lay in bed watching ridiculousness with Michael than participate in the party going on in my apartment.
Cahill walks #JimThome putting men on first and third with two outs. Santana at the plate for the Tribe. #MLB 2-0 Tribe
How dogs can save us from ourselves - Drinking With Miss Dutchie by Ed Breslin
Ok time to head home
Michelle Rhee: How long did she last as a teacher? Too many NONeducators in the mix. It's really about a PowerShift
you forgot to take your movies! When I first told you to take them, you should have took them! Bitch.
hahaha ,how did you know it was there
Hoy vi The Avengers<U+2665> ft. Mi mami<U+2665>.....
thanks for your response however i'm unable to send her a direct message because she's not following me...
can't wait to get out there and see ya !
hey girlie...I heard it was your birthday-HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! ENJOY YOUR DAY!!!!
We used tools in the past to leverage our muscles. We use tools today to leverage our minds. -- Bill Gates
DOWNTOWN would be a great escape RIGHT NOW or just some open road
I will lln
Ditto! RT : Thanks to our friends at for the tour this afternoon!
Hi Michael how's your day going?
We train in other cites when a host partners with us or a district hires us to come out and train their teachers. FL not now.
hahaha this made me crack up
Need Social Media Measurment/Metrics expert. Work WITH technology on social media metrics. Strong leadership/solution skills. DM me please?
Amazing cellist/vocalist at Cafe Ballou RIGHT NOW. Showed up out of nowhere and I'm the only one here. Arthur Russell meets Nico. Seriously.
Sunday morning but I don't feel like going to church <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> I love Jesus, but the people there suck<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
HEY I JUST MET YOU
on top of having this horrible cold, my stomach is now hurting. this sucks. -Hannah
Going need to eat fruit and veggies for 5 months to recover
Munchie Express is staying busy til 3AM, give us a call!
Bring your tanning oil and sunscreen and come cheer our reserve team on as we take on Colorado at 6
Waiting outside the theater for #hungergames to end. Me & about 20 parents in minivans.
RT : Everyone has that one friend that thinks they know about everything!!!
oh! I'll email you a full PDF version from my computer tonight. It's a great read.
April's Showers bring a great Special--25%off all Retail purchases!! Now that's a shower of savings!! #comeonbyandvisit!
Got a question about your coverage? Need information about a policy? We’re right here to help. Our goal is your satisfaction. 405.513.6588
haven't even got my costume yet!
Also, I sent someone your way referring them to your Citi Field guide. So you may hear from a Matt.
Oh Mitt. Do you really want to talk about firing people again?
Auction this weekend going on with Doug Vaughn BK Items. He gets most of the proceeds from the sales proceeds. Interesting.
Not precisely.
Thanks for the recommendation! RT : check out to start! Good luck!
is hilarious!
everyone please follow my very first twitter buddies > they are very nice, sweet, and follows back too
Thanks for the RTs!
Right! Same here I remember him talking about how Liev was in that movie Sphere and I didn't make the connection
On our way to set up or Staff Retreat!!! Keep us in your prayers!!!
WILL follow me someday ! #Believe !
I have it.
I think of my peace paintings as one long poem, with each painting being a single stanza.
Maybe...? :) cc: #TWolves RT Planning Wolves Live pre-game for we may talk Kevin Love?!?
My amazing friends spoiled me at yesterday for my birthday! Food was delicious and the staff so gracious! Perfect evening.
"You never do quite prepare yourself enough to receive our Lord."
real talk tho.... I wouldn't trust a drug free producer with my joints if I was an artist lol
Yup yup! :) S/O to new follower!...Welcome :)
I forgot what an alarm clock sounded like....until today -_- Spring break is officially over.
Are you sure your educated? Because your previous statement makes no sense...
Two words: flip cup
hello,thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti, much love!! Why do you love going into the wild??
Is anything going to fucking work for me tonight?
someone give me a hundred grand so i can buy a place in Joshua Tree
At UMBC's Center for Art, Design and Visual Culture, MFA exhibition featuring art by Gary Kachadourian and others - bit.ly/tFCe1
Superbad is still so funny. i can't handle it.
Loving this #miami weather...almost feels like summer is around the corner...
Time to get incoherent and write an academic paper.
A plane ticket for Wednesday instead of Saturday!
#Miami Marlins are looking sharp!
All I know is I don't want this night to end ;)
ok and ur running my battery down lol
you are missed at Sensor's tonight...
I saw that too - thought that was a little sad for the O's.
So uhm do you guys like sworn in by chance?? :)
Thanks for the kind words!
Oh yeah, fair play
Great work! We couldn't have done it withOUT you. Looking fwd to day 2 (& 3, & 4, etc.)
Get in!
Volume is fine, not putting everyone to sleep with your zombie chant, better!
I wish it was normal for college students to take tumbling classes. I miss it.
Thanks for spreading the word
Yes! A well-done accessibility-related podcast would be wonderful.
I know! She just doesn't do status updates, even on FB.
ASOS DEAL! Start the weekend early and celebrate St Patrick's Day with 20% off when you enter code STPADDYS at checkout.
The EWCA Civ rules in Kookmin Bank case involving an issue of construction of a provision in an advanced payment bond: [2010] EWCA Civ 582.
I'll be downloading the whole audiobook. The excerpt sounded awesome. Despite not listening to it in it's entirety yet I'd recommend it!
Affiance! Hell yeah!
fa sho, i will most definitely check it out. Preciate u reach'n out, I'll keep u posted fam.
Ronald Reagan also raised taxes and the debt ceiling.
Foul by Terry, never close to crossing the line. WTF.
in AC this week!!!! <33
#WaysToGetOFFthePhone my mom on the other line and have them on hold for for ever
Brock Lesner is exactly what the WWE needs. A villain character who goes over the edge and pisses everyone off. He has made WWE better.
Saints are kicking my ace on Madden right now. I updated my roster! SEAN PEYTON SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED ON THE SIDELINES with his visor.
. just gave awesome talk at #jdcdc. Used random FAA data to keep tabs on where POTUS goes.
when does the island close? I have maybe three arches left. :-/
Meek Mill- Dreamchaser2
You're just a torn up page in my book that I'm not turning back to.
Looking forward to a weekend of holiday cheer.
Suffolk: one look at Gina's blog and its salivating pictures and recipes ought to make you want to eat with her!
Wtf I can top that
Which lunchbox did ya choose?? :)
Good look on the interview fam!! Keep it 100!!~
“: What???! demi lovato AND britney spears are the new judges on XFactor??” so awesome!!!!!
That is a deep, appalling tragedy.
ROCK STAR WEATHER 2day! 57°F! That's right :) It's so amazing there is snow on the Sandias & almost 60° weather in
dm me ur # got the hookup out there
At AIM Digital Day, stop by if you're in London!
without me, its just aweso.
Thanks so much! Great to know all of our hard work has paid off!!
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Friendship Tea 4.56 / 5 Stars | 39 Reviews by Julie "This is a lemony spiced tea mix with cinnamon and clove tha
LOL RT : It's now 14 minutes past 4:20 on 4/20. Pizza delivery guys, I hope you have a full tank of gas.
Was the 3 on the way and 57 on the way back? ;)
3 days of Altitude Training in Colorado Springs
Thats not good. Dont let it dry or its a trip to hospital for you!x
LOL did she hurt herself? :P
fixing my dad's computer/ipod/itunes
tpain always has the hottest hats.
You can't blame others for the consequences of your decisions....being an adult is not about fun and games.
I hate not being able to practice
Mark your calendar because Team Trinity will make a significant appearance at the Bishop's 5K for Kids on May 19 in West Hartford.
I heard she likes it rough! RT : You should stay away from Leesa then. She likes to play rough.
The RSVP due date isn't for another week or so and we already have 87% of them back. That has to be some kind of a miracle.
the car can be replaced, you can't. Glad you're okay.
#TheySay everything happens for a reason. So let's just MAKE this happen and find out the reason later.
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN it would make the best Christmas ever <3 I love you! & the only thing I asked for Christmas was 1 of ur shirts
This is a great game. And normally people only call games great when the score is 48 - 45.
I SEEN 's VIDEO " HOUSE PARTY " IT'S REALLY GOOD (: I LIKE IT JAWAN GREAT JOB ^.^
It's an irrational, fiery disdain as hot as a thousand burning suns.
I remember that article, but who is St. Robinson?
Kick off this summers festival season with Reclaiming Our Heritage Sat &Sun at Soldiers Home www.forohmilwaukee.org/Home_Page.php
Stormy day! Wish I could go play in it in a white dress
Britney and Demi Lovato new judges on Xfactor...YEA can't wait to NOT watch the show..they paid too much $$ for those talent less people
LOL oh right. Black dude.
Whats really unfortunate is that Gary Johnson and Buddy Roemer never had a chance. Our media's negligence is bordering on criminal
What are you wearing???
Fantastic job as
Thanks for your excellent EAD revision updates! This west coaster is praying for you all.
i just saw u on worldstarhiphop.com and you got azz like Pinky!!!DAAAAAAYYYYUUUUMMMM!!!!!
alright! I'll text you.
I'm about to deck a bitch.
yeah you need it.
I AM SO STUPID AND NASTY HAHAHAH
who gives
Mr. B soon to come on stage, and this crowd is waiting, eager. They're singing back to "daylight come"
“: i want some catfish....” hell yeah
I guess so... he's short enough to be one ;)
Kim and Kanye sittin' in a tree, S-E-L-F-A-G-G-R-A-N-D-I-Z-I-N-G!
doing well. Gonna be heading out to LA later this year...will definitely have to get you in front of my camera when I am.
So glad took me to the concert! It was a night of beautiful music and killer dance moves.
Thanks HB! How's your Friday going?
Cowboys of coarse! !!
I love the loose moose in shawano and so does
If you are interested in partnering with Overcoming Childhood Obesity taking place October, please send me a message.
A great way for brands to create authenticity and transparency is by not only posting but also responding to others & customer inquiries.
When I was a kid, all we had was HTML, none of this HAML nonsense. And you know what? We liked it.
This game is fun!
is that last stat of current cell phone users or all americans? I think that 1 in 3 americans hv cell phones
The more I think about the coding style / writing rules analogy, the more I like it. Thanks!
Pirates of Silicon Valley!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Have an ICONic/Nicholicious bday!! :)
I don’t understand why they would need a replay review to figure out what everyone already knew: David Ortiz is a big man.
I knows :3
them abused dogs commercials are so deppressing
Now following
#ThoughtsWhileRunning I wanna stop
Just Heree Alonee In My Room and Hearing To My 1D Cd (;
Another mom said she *thought* she could remember to pick up my kid from school, and she would do it if I trusted her to remember.
Exactly! I totally agree with that!
new black mamba f2 goin.g for 50$ here in wisco..crazy..
NO MOM GO AWAY, just kidding I love you.
do you keep this tweet in your favorites?
Wishing I was in Santa Barbara right now... :)
k that was pretty dank, can't go wrong with Mediterranean
Twitter Coupon- Two for one today. Expires at 2 pm today. coupon number 07201400
Hakeem Nicks doing the dirty bird to rub it on the Falcons faces.
My pleasure, Javier! Thanks so much for inviting me!
Just pointing out, we talk of "free" software as if the $ involved is the same. One OS only = the accounting isn't so simple.
u always start with me lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>u ain't <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
i need a boy who can sing Yellow by Coldplay to me. this would make my life.
Nickelback on the juke machine... It's not me playing that shit
Uncomfortable morning...
GL to and Jordan Lewis at FT of Irish Open.
my life!! When one is 2.5 and the other is 16 months they're both "two." Double the fun for me! :)
if you only knew the real me...
We do oppose SW plan for #WI and we're to help you grow your rare flowers when you get them.
Coachella Birthday Party... woo.
do you know the flight info for when the boys arrive in nyc tomorrow? :)
Dear Dan, We have tried to reach you by email for Hadoop opportunity, Kindly have a look at that. Thanks!
R.I.P. AMY WINEHOUSE
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you at the show!
Come tweet with us !
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think your cock is bigger than mine
Its Less Than Two Days Before Prom & I Don't Know How I'm Getting My Hair... think, Think, THINK!
And the residents of DC don't count as the so-called "people?" What about their voice, ?
I want someone to look at me the way Freddie looks at Effy...
#AWOW getting sexy
This bug has my number.
Gearing up for a busy April so we're massively following! Hollywood needs you! Look out for our new UR Hollywood Blog next month
ehhh. I don't believe that! It is just an awful fake word
Ahh gotcha thanks, Otherwise I was like is going to live blog the music playing on the call haha.
thanks congrats to u too, ur going to Clark right?
U taught me how to love, hate,and forgive
Drop by Grand Central this afternoon and say Hi to Alex at the Land Yoga Earth Day table and get 10% off.
With all their misses in the 1st half, the disappointment of the US Women's Soccer team was bound to happen.
OH OH. never mind
Fans of - get 2-for-1 tix for tonight's show at - mention "Descuento Libre" at the door!
There's nothing more challenging than listening to people speak confidently on topics about which they haven't any substantive knowledge.
Awww(: no problem babe(: But you were always pretty to begin withh(:
#ebww peeps, What is the scoop on pen names for humor writers? Good or bad?
Are you going to try to take your iPhone to France?
you doing freestyles?
I'm a horrible host
Jason ! I Cant Find Myself Under Your The Following Page . Oh Thats Right You Dont Follow Me :-(
Catherine Zeta Jones is absolutely gorgeous
Why is it so hard to find a recent coffee shop around here...
Cancer threatened a local man's life, then a miracle saved him. Find out how special donations gave him a second chance Tonight at 10,TMJ4
Finished all my work... Got my grades up to #happy :)
law librarians work to connect internal and external information
Jelani's mix-tape drops in match! be on the look out!
Hollys Red Rooster currently closed reopening soon as Timmy G'a under new management.
OH: I'm doing my Shawshank and digging with a spoon.
Wait, is the Cooke nomination for an award for "perseverance, dedication, and sportsmanship" in the #NHL an April Fool's joke?
Awww, what a nice #FF. Thank you Paula! xoxoxox
likewise! Look forward to someone being willing to debate me soon! Great to meet you.
okay i did all of those ! now can you follow me please? that would just make my whole life.
You can't get everything you want...but sometimes, you can get just enough, and you'll just have to settle with that.
Don't you hate when people pronounce apartheid or Neanderthal incorrectly? No? So.. it's just me, then.
i'm only there sunday, so i hope that's when.
But I wish I can tolerate veggies and fruits like u u r so lucky! RT thats all i eat xD
Nicely done! RT “: Dear , it's both dangerous and illegal to hang marketing banners from overpasses.
omg lol, i love you.<3
": Up like I ain't gotta work tomorrow wit playing bowling on her phone #funthough" it really was!!
it's on!
1st wrld problems, A? typical sxsw story we hike for miles &amp; finally get a cab THEN a shuttle to reach seth troxler at
u have an iPhone 4 too???? U should facetime or ustream!!!
was requested by someone in room
What time? Hope to make it - love seeing your represent San Diego!
"Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things." - Peter Drucker
Sunday of the Last Judgement (Mt. 25:31-46): "inasmuch as you did it to the least of these My brethren, you did it to me.”
Use vanilla extract to sooth cooking burns &to keep from blistering. Just dab on the burn, reapply if necessary.
I was higher than a Georgia pine!
We learn this #spiritual program as we learned 2 ride a bike or 2 swim. We learn it by doing it & by following the example of others.
unobtanioum. get it right.
when i was seven, my uncle tommy molested me. JK! APRIL FOOLS! (it was actually uncle gene and i dont understand how april fools day works.)
uh um this is all a dream styles
do u think he is gone??
just finished #Veep no. 2. Loved them both.
I'm pretty sure I never said he was the reason but thank you for the Twitter technical advice.
Will do! Appreciated your reaching out.
Can't. He gave some left at our house at a party to a friend to drown her slugs.
I plan to get my 7-speed Scattante Roma out for a leisurely neighborhood ride today, free of racing ambition.
my favorite FFs were 7 & 8. I love the prequel to 7 too.
finding out about those two being together gave me hope but now i'm just like ehh.
I don't know ask him
RT: you and me....I want that<3
I never heard of him either.
LA Poker Classic continues with more events this week..look out for our Drawn Dead Pro in the next tourney. Drawndead.net
OK, I just hit 1,000 LinkedIn connections. NOW have I beat you? Someday I'll overcome my Azaroff-complex. Therapy. Lots of therapy
hey thanks! That was such a fun show.
Who's ready for the weekend?
Why is it that when you tell someone you're going to do something if they don't behave properly, and then you do it, why are they surprised?
council,elected to represent citizens barely has visible presence on city website. Maybe we should hang w susi b for covrg.
Also, Marvin Hamlisch? Really funny. I had no idea.
RT Creative commons is the judo throw against copyright, David Wiley
"I am no longer human. I am hoarse." Shit says
I definitely follow people who I do not know, but the info they share is useful or interesting.
So disrespectful.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 22
Ain't that the truth. When Kylie screamed when I picked her up Friday night… *sigh* She's fine now, back injury.
Yea, It's Friday night! Like a typical Mom I am spending the night watching cartoons with my kids and doing laundry. What are you up too?
talk about distracting!
lmao, nick mara is my boyfriend. amber is his wife's friend :D
not sure yet but somewhere on that side.
just let it happen boo.
RT : RT : Great new analysis on the long-term value of a college education by Brookings: tinyurl.com/6lx3cl2
Im telling you that this little stretch is tough... Time to wait for a sign... Ive done all I can
Your dad is a wise man and a great father. You will learn from him, then someday you will be an amazing mother!!
different day
Google tunes up Chrome's JavaScript engine | Deep Tech - CNET News news.cnet.com/8301-30685_3-2… via
Humane Society had a litter of 4 who's owner just got evicted.
Well...I have jury duty. Comfortable in the waiting room, but I don't like the uncertainty.
Always great to meet with The man knows his
haha that's one way of looking at it. I think I may be a little too mature to settle for that tho, even here.
We thank him for his service. RT : Today I lost my grandfather, and the world lost a WWII hero who was on the beaches on Normandy
I didn't know you were so protective of & Alex lol
Would you say naked toes tend to flirt a lot? Yep! They always seem to get the right attention, from the grazers.
"Feet: the hands of the south of you."
oh man that might encourage some folks I know...
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll be healthier!
Why is it that more white people traditionally vote Republican?
last day at work...goodbye lunch with my department colleagues.
Google building data center in Iowa
true true!
what about the crew then?
I'll email you the details once I know my schedule that weekend.
SO NICE ON HOME ICE
Top-secret project or softball team?
That was a helluva catch @ the back of the endzone by williams...
Not a problem dude, I appreciate that
Is it moving north? I'm hoping to stays away from for the game tonight.
Ayy THAT BITCH BETTERR BE COOL.
since September I think? Because Huan left and our other guitarist Matt we kicked out because he chose his gf over the band.
See you tomorrow in all your after Drais glory!
It's a John Coltrane and Ahmad Jamal kind of day.
Getting ready to head south to Conference in Orlando - come visit us at Booth 1412!
fight me jamie
anybody elses sprint phone acting up?
RT : Yahoo reports, and I have confirmed the upped offer from Knicks to Nuggets for Melo.
tweet tweet tweet!
doing what I can to bring amusement to peoples lives today haha.
Rondo is either a complete bonehead or a complete genius. Right now, he's the bonehead.
NHL - Finland edge out win over Slovakia
can u pleas follow me I have been tweeting you so many times that u hope u would notice my tweets
yes, thanks for reaching out > re: transparency w/PAC donations
Sphyx: Just Squeaked, Just Got An Email From Guild Wars 2, Beta Test Confirmations Going Out Shortly And Im On The Waiting List XD Woot
Wiley & Sons wants to divest itself of Webster’s New World "assets." That's the dictionary of record for AP, NYT, et al....
yummy Eva, love those #ikea meatballs. Enjoy your evening :)
#history #museum #historical Wednesday History Quote – “Nuts” – General McAuliffe at the Battle of the Bulge – 1944.
Had an awesome time in MN with visiting and Jay!
The weather is great!!! Come on out today for Cascade Sports Car Club racing followed up by late night drags!
Ouchy, my eye.
Why am I up?
reading, well listening to, a book about the folly of reading books, How to Talk about Books You Haven't Read,
You know its gunna be a good week when prom and your birthday are in the same week
Although we cannot always control the events in our lives, we can always control our response to them, and the actions we take as a result.
ask about soccer, she knows all about it.
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>16
": This place is either truly based on the honor system or Im on #WhatWouldYouDo.. Cashier went to the bathroom.. welp. #denver"
script ....and directing on my mind.
I'll be interviewing (Rodrigo y Gabriela) today before their show at #RadioCityMusicHall - any questions?
I have three...am I fucked or totally amazing?
Thanks Cathy!
this is the first time i was actually able to successfully research and be on twitter at the same time!
On the way to Owensboro early this AM. Will be campaigning at the Barbecue fest before Will Carle's wedding tonight.
Thank you for everything! You guys are amazing!
Congratulations to Leeann Hunter for winning the Multimodal Innovation Award from Georgia Tech's Writing & Communication Program. Yea!
Tonight was a treat
even told me, ‘Stay close by my workers until all my harvest is finished.’” 22And Naomi answered her daughter-in-law Ruth, “It
thinking about that person who stole my heart .... YES!
Any Starkids going to the Indy show tomorrow?!?! :D
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 2
BC/GT game today. Will be rootin for you cuz!
Damn Triple H just got F'd by Brock Lesnar.
That's so awesome!
Ben Nelson is as much of a Democrat as which pretty much sums up several problems.
i told Charles i was gonna mask up & rob that 1 dude.... i was so serious tho
Mornin, thx 4 the rt. Do u have an ipad? Just got one and love Flipboard—presents twitter links w content—like a newspaper.
keep your ex-internet boyfriend out of this !
'Should' implies an option. There's not. It's mandatory.
1 more half
Good Morrow To You , U R Welcome Sir Hinton
Children are unpredictable. You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next.
I had a first this weekend. Someone saw me drinking coke in a bar and asked me if I were a Mormon.
Clip just aired!
whenever a man wants me they have to want me for me not because of what i look like
Day 64 of 100: I am thankful for a rainy warm day
At QP symposium today we have 3 prezis and 1 custom made Flash QP. Great progress towards alternative forms of scholarship and presentation.
Spectacular partnership between and It's all about collaboration, folks.
No problem! Keep up the great work.
Back in The City tomorrow.....YAY!!!
Timelines. Interactive timeline by Br. designer CassonMann in Churchill exhibit in Imperial War Museum fascinating & easy to use.
If you're not outraged by gas prices...check your pulse. $41 for my little car?
David Wallace died yesterday
That deer is eyeing up my Chobani.
got a new plugin fragrance for my office last week... Makes me smile every morning to walk in to a roasted, marshmallowy wonderland:)
I see you!!
#AllianceSummer Council votes unanimously to proceed w/ procurement of shared ILS
Where are we? Purgatory. Clock is ticking on Marie's prospects for redemption. After a life of prostitution & mental hospitals, Marie dies
do you know when the show #MagicCityTV is going to air in France? Hooked everybody up to the show:)
wanna. Know what I do?
cool thanks
First paycheck today!
I would be scurred! Haha! I forgot to tell you, my ghost is gone! It just up and left! :D
I love you. It's that simple, and that complicated.
Go Radio >
I loved all of the three previous books. A series. Stalking Susan, Missing Mark, and Silencing Sam.
oh my
Who would just love it 16 years from now chloe moretz as lara croft tomb raider remade even better she would be the perfect fit for it
So did I. RT : Rush, I lost an ovary to cysts. I'm on Pill to keep from losing other one. That ovary does NOT accept your apology.
Letras Latinas to co-host Cynthia Cruz, J. Michael Martinez, Maria Melendez and unconfirmed prose writer on 8/16 in mid-town @ Bryant Park
happy hump day to you too!! :)
can't wait for #keigwancokencen - with and Jessica, ladies!
#favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy.. when hes singing for his dad in elf and hes like "love u love u LOVE U!" <3
Psalms 119:105 Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path.
Can't wait to return!!!! I pray that you're well.
“Start by doing what is necessary, then what is possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible”. St. Francis of Assisi
To the window...
Please follow me.!
- where'd that come from?
You don't know him. Just shut up.
Good evening, I'm Paul -- -- the new administrator of the Austin Meetup group Motion Picture Professionals --
I hear you, sadly. I can't say too much in a public forum, but I totally get what you are saying. FAIL!
There's always the people who make a big deal, the people who complain because it's not a big deal & the ones who don't give a fuck.
Kate Winslet may be starring in SKYLIGHT with Bill Nighy, but it is unconfirmed whether the production would play the West End or Broadway.
My brother just told me he received notice that one of his loan recipients died in a car accident. So tragic!
Yes! Breaking tackles all the way ;)
18 days left till Christmas!! Still more shopping to do!!
thank you everyone for your support today. I'm happy to announce...my exam is postponed (late breaking prof unavailabilities)
This office smells life paint eww places i would rather be anywhere with
Let's go Grizz!!
absolutely right. What a terrible decision to speak there and awful choice of words.
Beautiful day in DC. Life is good, my friends.
This is my official birthday week and I'm super excited about it! Can't wait to celebrate at Carnivale and VSL!!!! :)
Another T-Bird signed today! Congrats to Oscar Iraheta on becoming an official member of #TBIRDNATION The Mens team is coming along NICE!
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans
Bears, McClellin agree to terms - ESPN
You're my soul mate.
Sadly, today will be the first time I attend a funeral service for someone younger than myself...praying that i can be strong for the family
RT : RT : ...“Design-Bid-Build” should be re-titled “Design-Bid-Rebid-VE-Rebid Again-Slam Together”
Vacation photos stuck in that black hole you call a computer? We can help.
yeeeaaaaaaaah buddy! With and
The Baltimore region received 8 inches of snow on April 9, 1884.
have you been spying on me again?! Lol
Don't be afraid to take a big step when one is indicated
I cannot watch Dante Taylor play basketball anymore. Does this dude know that Pitt is playing for their lives??
I was just followed by I know would find this amusing as he believes I'm deaf.
I wanna feel better like right now! Any tips? :(
Thank you! :D
God is so incredibly good to me I feel his overwhelming love for me today :)
Waiting for what you really want versus what you want right now.
New Girl and Raising Hope tonight!!!
Oh my! Well get better and merry Xmas!!
dude your missing out on some sexy chicas right now at the @ papercutmag party.. you should be here!!!
Bitch you wasn't with me shootin in tha gym!
was watchin boise vs georgia on youtube, he did look real good in that 2 pt stance. He def could be a beast!
Ladies! Shame shame! Miss you both.
it was a ton of fun indeed! see ya next time!
Cooking is a challenge when you don't know how to start, so we're here to help. Visit our Simple Cooking With Heart section for some easy...
Looking for a business to be the exclusive grill/smoker sponsor of this year's Great exposure to hundreds of #BBQ fans!
Oh no !!! Tragic
She is indeed. :)
Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset!
Judges...please put 12 hours on the clock...And begin.
Recording guitar parts, producing drum parts
Hahah seriously! Has your wallet recovered? Luckily the payment plan only requires 20% down
Hahaha! RT: whenever my wife listens to Adele I feel like she's about to leave me.
So true! “: I can't think of the last time i've been pushed to examine my own beliefs in an entertainment venue."
“: and my crew!!!” <---Follow these guys! #butItAintFriday... #sowhat followweds
never mind, it is LAUSD :|
Congrats! RT : I can safely say I'm joining an "exclusive" club with Warren Buffet, George Bush, and Shaq... #MBA done
It's Archie #627 - So I believe that is the end of December! So long to wait!! :-)
Gevey pro u can buy it on our site or our eBay store.
Juicy knows your family, your girl and more will miss you, but he "Won't Miss Ya" and provides video proof that he won't
Thanks for Mention , Hope you are doing well :)
Also, The French Socialist Party is not the 1905 Socialist Party, either, so... ;p
I've grown a mullet and I've worked at Chic-fil-A. In honor of the Ben Folds Five reunion, I'll grow a mustache too.
sometimes my monologues are awesome and I told a painful story about my "troubles"
On my way to Flappers in Burbank to see the comedian who bought my jokes do her first 20 minute set. Yay!
Reading Grendel, by John Gardner, very entertaining and original :-)
live long enough you'll make mistakes if you learn from them,you'll be a better person its how you handle adversity not how it affects you.
Where have you been? I don't see your tweets anymore :/
Getting in the game, VINEYARD STYLE, I am thankful!
I repeat, I hate most of my family.
6 MORE DAYS OMFG I CAN'T CONTAIN MY EXCITEMENT
Internet access in contact lenses according to Michio...imagine the possibilities
Yessir, Capes told me. I seen not too long ago too. Power moves my G...that is major!
yes so tired of always being connected to the outside world.
Aye You Remember Said "Got Damn Ol Milwaukee Buckin Boee"
have don!
Just got home from seeing a great little musical /play in the Larchmont area of L.A. Had a fun time with friends.
Tweet on not writing sensical tweet connecting Faye Reagan + Big Crux 7" is my Twitter version of kid writing how-to essay on how-to essays
Art night at right now. Bring your craft/art project to work on here.
YES! Get it!!(: haha
The best ideas come as you fall asleep.
The thought of checkers fries got my mouth watering
text me?
False, our closet is STUFFED with your clothes.
haha I never did sex stuff. Get it straight. K. And I deleted your number a while ago. So bye.
Nugget Nectar now on draft. Come and get it.
honestly. Not at dhs
RT : Practice loving everybody all the time (leave the judgement @ home). But only hang w/people who inspire u
Gitelman focuses on the nails themselves that are left behind on utility poles in order to think about how new media are not really "new."
Chilling with they're awesome
nothing but!
Chipotle should deliver.
Tonight's pitching match up. T Lilly (3-0) #LAD vs B Zito (1-0)
Hi Erin, big fan of the EP and would love to help spread the word. Any interest in doing an email Q+A for our site?
Opening! SENIOR COMPLIANCE OFFICER, NYC: Working for a global trading firm. Broker-dealer, global trading, technology experience JD or MBA.
New CandySwipe game comment in the #android market: "I like this game is really fun I never get bored with this app. Good job" by Brita
Did u know that Disney is now allowing Cast Members to have beards, etc. I didn't realize they couldn't, but I wonder what Walt would think!
Going to bed before 10 -.-.
Dwayne Wade said you can tell that something was wrong with Chris B. by looking at his face, dude, no matter what, he looks like a high fish
"It's August 1...what have I DONE this year?"
lol why must i be so incredibly awkward. i always tend to make a fool out of myself!
vs. is under way… who's it gonna be?
& hes surprisingly a comics comic ive seen him rework the same jokes several times searching for better punches
On #gears3 you don't want none!
welcome! take care!
Miss you too! RT : WE NEED YOU BACK SIMON!!! THIS IS RUBBISH!!!!
falling out of love is hard falling for betrayal is worst
One way is that it gets offenders out of prison, the so-called "school of crime", thus preventing further criminality.
Currently in the toilet taking a dump. I am defecating. Wow my poop burns due to too much spicy foods
I would bet that when a mummy poops, it comes out looking like a burrito
Bumping 's new album #BlackRadio well done and company
Time for a Pabst Blue Ribbon
So many shots in Herzog films should be captioned, "Yes, but what does the animal in the room think?"
Nopee Look At Our Defense . Dude Fisher Is Shitty Lmao
Snooze so hard
Dear baby Zekk & Zakk, mommy loves you with her whole heart. Despite everything; you two are my world & my life. Grateful your apart of me.
Lined up our last speaker! Have a great lineup for IgniteATL
Did you get to meet at the Musicares event a few years ago? I know you performed for her.
Ready for the Autumn Wind to bring football season this way
": mavericks go home & spurs advance>>>> #bestfeelingever<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>" hell yea #SpursNation!!!
#NSHMBAU Looking forward to Salsa tonight!
r u knwdgble on bootlegs? is $26 good 4HQ dvd of UCAP show? happy 2 share w/u if i get one. sorry about msu...didnt c that coming
great idea from the bachelorette recap on : ABC's new sitcom pilot, Douchebag and the Mask.
It's not too late...call for Fellowship Night reservations!
by the way, the chocolate with vanilia swirl by swiss miss are the best snack packs!
“: Lmao #duringsex she asked me how did I kno how to do dat”....... I like that one.. Lol
7 more days.
Super excited going to the first carnival of the season on Saturday :)! Been waiting for this since last summer!
How the fuck you don't look nothing like your pics!!!!!!!!!! o_O
The reason I don't get notification on my youtube account of ...
Ol' Al Czervik. Classic.
CHECKING THESE GREAT ARTIST , AND ALL THERE WORK IS AMAZING ! THANKS EVERYONE YOU ROCK !
RT : THANK YOU for an AWESOME time at TEEN HOOT last night! That show was AMAZING!
You should take your own advice.
Ooh, new followers as a result of
liked! Good job by the way!!(:
Watching HBO's Game of Thrones! Winter is Coming.
haha! Tim Misny is totally a CLE celebrity. Just made me laugh so hard. Have u ever seen comedy group Last Call Cleveland??
your so awesome, totally made my day :-)
I just want to say that any girl who has ever been told your ugly or not worth it you are stay beautiful <3
i cant believe Vicki told Briana to "Bring it on"
What a great cause! Enjoy yourself!
Knock knock
WashPo Social Reader didn't expect to grow as much as it did so prepare for success!
hanging out at the Curran's today.
I'm happy that your happy that I'm happy.
If you're planning to coming out tonight or tomorrow keep in mind that all concessions must go! Drink up me hearties yo ho
What A Boring Day
do do that voodoo that you do so well
Im not arrogant
Okay so, I might cry when I wake up in the morning. I did this before..I do not want to go to school.
I like this pic of you!
Nice quote Larry typical Yogi!
Got my stickers in the mail today. Thanks!
Harden will be highly motivated to show Metta how good he is, and the Lakers will have to respond on the road
The girl in the Hunger games is so hot
“: nope. That guy's hair is too long. Tim's was the perfect length #longhairdontcare” AMEN.
How goes the ficcing?
kid I'm serious legggo bang
When im hungry I always grab a bag of takis<U+2764> that's when they taste the best!
Protect your girl, respect your girl, accept your girl but never neglect your girl.
#thxs 4 mt have a good day
you need an unlock not a jailbreak to use T-mobile service.
Although I agree that certain configurations that work best for real time coms can give you issues at the initial sign up time.
RT : Thank you & for providing prizes at the #FairMoms party w/...
Maybe I'm not utilizing it correctly.
my best friends wedding venue accommodated my paleo lifestyle by giving me a "paleo plate" for no xtra charge to my friends!
#2012 Year of In Union!
A4 Social+mobile According to 45% of FB & 55% Twitter traffic is mobile!
Today's lunch a delicious cheese & onion enchilada from Efrain's. Skipped co. lunch, feeling a tad
Really can't wait for my birthday so I can see that one person who is really all over my mind.
hey where's my love lol Im the one who drove her there
Lots of exciting stuff happening at Proud to be a part of it. Hopefully, I'll have a way for all of you to play a part, too. Soon.
Happy Friday, everybody! :)
Prout ends it :45 into OT on a power-play goal! 3-0 and in 1st place in the West
As a Bengals fan, I am surprised Mike Brown was capable of pulling off what he accomplished in this draft!
drop us a line for more info. Newarkpulse
Now sharing a change model as a demo of teaching something using a highlighter in Adobe Connect.
super duper sad face:(((((((((((( come on Dave make it happen!
I need believe tickets like asap please. <3
Bring On Some Pie In a Few Hours!
Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19 @ CLUB DREAM
They still lookin for his ass; awh man...
ENGAGE your students - they need it - they desire it!
3 weeks ago the packers went on to win the super bowl.
Hubby was channel surfing and saw infomercial for 10 min trainer. He says I got 10 minutes to workout. Can't WAIT to see his results.
Happy Birthday Kurt Cobain.
Sure call whenever.
Rasheeda wallace love those heels u had on last nite at that BBking show, u did your thing baby !
"one of the premier commandments of dictionary making: don't define a word using a harder word" From A.Word.A.Day
haven't seen you all in 6 years-- looking forward to the show tonight!
Affinities & alliances between Middle East, surf rock, Greek culture in "Miserlou"; sampled in Pulp Fiction soundtrack
That wasn't a earthquake. That was me in this Music Industry BLOWING UP!
BREAKING: Wade Phillips fired after Cowboys 1-7 start.
Never seen that done before. Great idea!
well Ill tweet u later. I had a work out & Im going to take a quick shower
You Gad Damn Right.!!
Raul got him tonight. Sat down at the bar, Felix's Maddux-esque inner-black fb to swisher first thing I saw. Ibanez second
Joing us for 9am mat pilates this morning. New clients: 1 week free of unlimited group classes! 1 free private pilates class!
Get a look into the future at 1:45, join Dr. Daniel Katz : Quantitative Legal Prediction #LTNY - enter for an iPad, and
Welcome, Crime Writer.
Just received a press release promoting something called a "BubbleBum." Based on the name alone, I want one.
Yes imovie you can use photos and video
I got my laptop back!
were u from
I love Radio City. I also love that Feist just absolutely tore the place to shreds.
Happy Hour Time
Twins got just one hit tonight? Scott Ullger is the worst substitute manager ever.
Always on the lookout to see what talented developers are working on and interested in. Thanks for checking in!
I really need to go get myself a Kitten -
I absolutely adore you so much your stunning I love you !<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
you ARE purchasing the Disney Princesses, right?
thanks bro
I thought about Warped Tour and it gave me the chills :D
I want sunflower seeds...ASAP!
That moment when "If It Means Alot To You" comes on the radio at Khols...
Bobby Knight looks so sad. So sad.
LOL what?? it's always a possibility ok. I'm not crazy
When I was HC @ Moscow (ID) HS, had a chance to tie on a 3 in state qualifier game. Player did same thing; jumped in air & tried to dribble.
i still don't have the hang of this thing...but, who cares, right?! i shall jame it up until i get bored again! LOL! got funyons?
Snow makes people dumb
Just realized I'm working on something later this month that is going 2 piss some of you guys off..But hopefully it'll make most of u happy!
thanks Mai. We're just trying to find out more details about what happened. If u prefer, you can email me at
it's so nice out today I WANNA TAN OOOOHYEAAH
July 17 Andy will turn 40 even though he was called by God...we shall celebrate his life on his birthday!
Who'da thunk we got T-alba replacement w Olive Oil? RT Colorado Rockies (Official Site) >> Olivo becoming mainstay in lineup
the catalan pooping song is a new holiday tradition at our house.
Many pre93 players had pensions increased x3 or more. Many took pensions early still got > Pensions being cut everywhere else...
Thinking about 's Owls baseball cap.
Reid's socks! Omg
Watched "The Sound of Music" with my family last night. Couldn't stop imagining John Coltrane watching "My Favorite Things" scene. Lol
yup i'm at the airport now, waiting for my plane to key west
Sometimes we continue on a path in life that we know is not right, or we did not choose.Give time, patience, then F'ing STOP! WE DO CHOOSE!
wat happened 2 th tweet U were gonna send on Today this morning?
thank you :)
NEW MLINY PHOTO Section! Upload YOUR OWN MLINY Posts and Photos! bit.ly/13oF9o
Y'all look cute! Have fun! :))
co-worker: what is the national language of Africa? Me: despair
Welp, its the end of that relationship
hunted? As far as "heads up, Texas is next on the schedule"?
if you are interested in being on PTL - contact producer Jill Neely at - thank you for your interest!
When you hand your phone to a baby ": F"
Jerry Jones' wife looks like a barrel of laughs.
Jordan Hill is my dude, tho
grandparents in town from france!
So no hope for a Mike Wallace signing?
I think I'm just wasting my money on her...... :(
FREE bootcamp this Saturday 4/28 at 10:30am. Sign up by calling 268-1231, in person at the studio or by leaving a note below this message!
My self esteem is at an all time low
I KNOW. We usually talk atleast once a day :) lolol.
The weekend is in sight
Half Time at the PUPPY BOWL!
<U+266C>"And I tell you now that I made a vow. I'm giving you the best I got, baby."<U+266C>
Do you need Duct Cleaning Service we can help call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Day of theatre! Now at with !
ouch! my head is spinning.. lol pain pills stat!! thanks aunty for the hangover :))
I feel great! Like Tony the Tiger. It's my Friday, y'all. Have a good one. P.s. dreamt I met
yo my brotha we might have a calabo with and in the making when rule get out we'll see!
No one can stop them...expect IND in 2 games apparently... RT No one in the East can stop & - Heat in 6 over Pacers
Hello from the Noyes Library for Young Children in Kensington, Md
please punch it so hard that you knock it out! I needed a good laugh this morning. This was it! Thanks....Love you Bro.
Quote of the night: she has herpies ...dude Guy..
thanks for the follow and pls check is
S/O to My NF IGLADLY FOLLOWED BACK :-)
Good night in Appleton
Don't miss the ticket give-away for the concert at on Wed. Feb. 22nd! Registration starts Mon Feb 22nd!
Sorry to all of our neighbors for the construction noise, we will make it up to all of you the very near future!
Thanks for the add Ale!
this is my 5th time watching We Bought A Zoo and I can't get enough!! I love it!!<3
Damn she got played. :/
I looking for a monster return from Mr. Jesus Shuttlesworth tonight. Six trey biens.
the heart is a lonely hunter
hey what s up :)
Duck Dynasty quote- "I've never made wine but I don't think this is standard operating procedures"
Today on Sunrise.. is planking so last year? We're getting with the times.. or attempting anyway! Also- preps!
Anis Bawarshi is at #ucf via Skype discussing what FYC courses based on genre might look like.
sure I'm about to go over to my friend sol's house if you wanna meet me at bongo and head over?
Just chilling, going to graduations, ahhaha chilling at home with my bros, sisters and mom
I just wish his first nomination was for a better production...
This episode is mad real
but why does harry do the inbetweeners dance different from all the other boys
Lol. It sounds wrong in all the right ways. thanks :) i'm just ready to make a bigger impact with my actions and shake people ...
yeah i love whitney and i love your creative talent, get that art school going because my 5 year old loves art and creative
if you love chocolate and hazelnut... it's really that good! Try it with nilla wafers.
“: Provide partner with "passion points" to customize box and pleasure!! Loving !! #Technori” perfect summary!
Coffee this morning! Only way to get me going! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
Hahah not yet but it's pretty sick
Been fun Milwaukee, I well see you again soon.
pants are overrated. You have great legs, show em off
Obama has done nothing or very little to improve any of those "issues". Also, you need not make this personal.
nikki love is a tour de force. she produced 5 films & counting last year. Check out premiering at
If I had the choice to be with anyone in the world right now it wouldn't be someone famous it would be Chase Robert Scott Botts<333
#Yankee and #Masters on at Bounce Sporting Club. Come join us for a bite to eat. #BouncewithUS! #TigerWoods #CCSabathia 212.675.8007 for...
miss you Tweets and Music. Hope Hollywood is not eating you up :) Wishing you the best with all things
Great preview of The Elephant in My Closet. We open in The Chapel Theatre one month from today, May 25 in Charleston, SC
I tried to see her at the Grand Ole Opry when ICOLC met in Nashville one year, but she was ill, canceled. Rest was great tho
just like review?
Thanks.....same to you
oh no! poor you! we will drink in the future, painlessly!
Quick question. What is your favorite spot to skate in Boston?
Yes, it's official...this person will call you a RACIST if you bring up NATIONAL DEBT --->>>
Well look who joined twitter! Have you figured out how to work it?
National Kiss Day tomorrow? Ohohohohoooon
Anyone else find it sad that 28 degrees feels nice and toasty to me now?
so how bout this music? I suppose I need to give it a listen huh :)
I Am Liberal Arts word cloud: innovative, problem solvers, creative.
Happy Thanksgiving from #Luxe Essentials!
as an aside, al roker was rendered speechless a lifeguard tower tried to attack him...yes the hurricane is historic...al? al???
or cookies I'm in for it all lol love sweets lol
Hey everyone! Come out and see us tonight at vaudeville on congress street at 9pm
Why am I just finding out about now? Are Jack and Rose still on the ship?
Nyjer Morgan is the man
aww do well on your exams!!
Make that - strange crowds and food wait. Mullet watching is excellent at the MN State Fair.
Sometimes I wonder if one of the purposes of theatre is to teach us to improvise life!
somehow the braves telecast didnt show it how did cm punk do singing take me out to the ball game
So true! RT : Loving your children does not mean giving them everything they ask for. Less can be more!
I like to listen to the Tron soundtrack when I work in the server room
I'm looking to chat with any #librarian out there who is on a selection committee for book awards. It's for my #el12ala project.
how about we're both awesome?
I'm glad you like it!!
*eye roll* i got some of that too.
I was still holding strong at 92k and have yet to check on the info posted. Have you heard?
gale: put school librarian's skills to use in schools to extend the reach of library programs and get the funding we need.
1984- Marvin Gaye was shot to death by his own father in an argument over plans for the singer's 45th birthday party the next day
that is an understatement!
Thanks for the connection Flavio. Have a happy Monday in New York . R
i cant wait til next wknd
No more basketball. Hockey time! After 2, #Cornell 2, #michigan 1. Big Red pk kills 5 on 3. #ncaa #hockey on U
Their delicate cheeks will turn to roting flesh, one day all women will become monsters.
Mornin' to my whole TL may the world be yours today !
The temp has gone up 1 degree every 1/2 hr. The temp has almost taken over the index.
That's great!
I still have not even started to get excited about Spiderman. Am I alone in this?
A Futile Mistake: I always assumed this was given information
Are they going to replay the interview again
Ionisation is awesome. And I'm not talking about physics.
Mike Ness. Cheating at Solitaire.
Is it spring break yet?!? Sheesh.
I want one!! Yum!
I never watched Seinfeld.. it was stupid
USPS goes broke n cannot raise rates more than inflation GOVT does nt allow CPI to show true inflation. gov show none. Govt puts USPS OOB
thank you. You're wonderful!!!
hot mama!
Did you know that we are renovating our Emergency Department? Even better, our door-to-doc time is <20 mins. Short wait times!
text me? x
Stopping in at Taco Time for dinner? Make sure you’re done eating at least three hours before bed to boost weight loss efforts.
Such a lovely couple, but I can't see the flip flops!
Currently in my car: 70lb helium tank, 3 50lb bags of sand, 15 glass vases, 500 gift bags, 5 rolls of stickers.
Everyone be stressing over EOC and I'm just like, " there's a bed, its a nice bed".
Feeling pretty happy these days... :D
Go , bust through any #fridaythe13th bad luck for #openingday! cc
that's so sweet! Happy Mother's Day!
Eating at the cheesecake factory!
God my head has never hurt this effing bad before.
: when did you find out that Criminal Minds was renewed for a sixth season? I am so excited about this. I am one very happy fan
Marietta family sings &#39;Bohemian Rhapsody&#39; on the way to school every day
Like, you ignore all the other hoodrats, just to be with her. Then BAM you get dicked.
Could really use someone to talk to :(
who wants me to drop a new album this summer?!
there is NO chance he returns to the Bucks next season.
Memorial Union is welcoming new students with FREE live music, comedy, a climbing wall, film trivia, crafts, etc. Tonight, 7-11pm.
How would you like to Win a PO$TIVE PU$H T-shirt? Contest Details comming soon! Stay tuned!
lol I will do my best :)
That's 20 years of torture for you. These days, things are a bit more tame.
Watching 2012 - so scary!
Obviously! What gives? Maybe he can't write. :)
so...shouldn't you be MORE happy for me?? Haha. ;)
omg tell her to feel better !!!! :'(
#FF Builder shout out
Lester Holt emailed us 2 hints about his costume on Sunday: 1. Reality show 2. Short shorts. Ideas? He'll call us on Monday.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion... It's just.. yours is stupid.
Sushi and Sake with Ashmaster 3000 and Meyer in a bit. Becoming routine and I love it!
Every good act is charity. A man's true wealth hereafter is the good that he does in this world to his fellows. ~Moliere
what about Flaco Jimenez? I think TX Tornadoes can qualify as rock and roll...
thanks man. How's everything going? I'm training again for a 15k marathon on Dec. 17 @ Central Park.
Thanks You'll have to thank my bro. Cant wait to see ya tomorrow!
I love how your tweets come complete with an exact GPS of your location... as if we didn't know.
Princeton bcuz hes smart confiedent and his personality and i love his smile :)
Welcome to the show Adrian!....Still think he's gonna end up contributing quite well offensively this season - BB
I was able to pick up what u were layin down. We're tailgating @ 8 w Kim's mom and her bf (and others). 1525 Adams. You shd come!
Mommy always said "you gotta knock me for what I got cuz your insecure with you and your situation grow up child and get yours"
is a champion
These niggas actn like bitchs like its a class for it
For National Thank A Teacher Day, I thank Mrs. Hardy, Mrs. Applegate, Mr. Kinzer and Mrs. Ackerman for giving me a love of writing!
Time to get my butt in gear for the second day of school...
happy week-end!!
Frustrating start to the day... Hopefully things will get better! Nats, you owe me one hell of a good time tonight.
Between pitches and working on next release--good stuff!
how come you can't camp?x
Happy hour starting Naz behind the bar. The weather is yucky and the sky is grey. Dr. Pepper says cheap drinks & good food are the remedies
i finally got to be in a webchat with you :)
All brides & groomes to be - follow #KnotCocktails for a twitterview w our mixologist Christy Pope from
Spartan coach Dantonio is a world class sore loser. Have fun at the Outback Bowl.
Take home from : Citizens shouldn't have to have a lawyer to have open government. Wants to launch site to help.
my grandpas still kickin it's his 85th birthday
I would love to see what is on your journey film
haha damn bro I was up till 3
Not cool.
What is your opinion of ?
Forget semantic search, what I want is a semantic spell/grammar check.
awesome thanks for the recommendations!
My mom just asked me what Macy's is -.-
I keep watching, though I don't feel like it's lived up to the promise of the pilot.
Just witnessed a probable Not Top Ten moment at Kauffman. #gofigure #thisisourtime?
No. In the email notification (read in browser) it does not connect. Happens sometimes & just needs a refresh on your end.
Can we just rewind and start all over?
I see how I rate! :)
Oh you're too sweet! (:
lol w.e When I'm on tumblr I start dancin& say "EVERDAY..IIM TUMBLIN" I even gotta theme song,Twitter don't gotz a theme song!!
nope! hacienda is up for sale! :P
Except for sleep.
Let's work! Where/who can I send my material to?
I can't look at you the same anymore
Good point. Those "define" links add more functionality to text.
awhhhh your hair grew so much! It's cute!
Remember, remember always, that all of us, and you and I especially, are descended from immigrations and revolutionists-- FDR.
Goodbye Carl's! Bad music, bad beer, bad bathrooms, good company.
Hope you are feeling better than you did on Wednesday. Hope you can have a relaxing weekend. :)
#DPRK: it's more American if you pronounce it Kim Jong Ugh!, then thrust your hips
#earthday RT : Did you know if everyone in the US used cold H2O 4laundry we could power the Empire State Building 4 444.6 yrs
Getting ready to start classes June 6 and 27! Don't forget we offer all 16 CE online too at www.TuckerSchool.com!
I'm helping to promote the Race4change a major road rally in Kenya in support of the Micro Credit Summit ... pick a car, everyone will win.
lol! ManDee4 No, I just like reading in the bathtub or in the pool. But don't worry, I haven't like, tried it or anything.
time for some sushi! then heading to pint nite in san diego's college area! woo! dranks :D
kick the days ass
Oh! I see a SyFy Saturday night movie in our future! Oilcat vs. Metashark!
Stay tuned. will present the Top Photos of 2011 on Thursday.
Gift Realty NM wishes all a wonderful day.
& it's more important information. in the moment reactions to what's in front of them.
Tis the season for giving and TONITE is Customer Appreciation Night!! EVERYONE 21+ gets in for #FREE ALL NITE LONG!!
amen to that!
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury. - Groucho Marx
Wow !! Ok I really dont like the fact that AustinMahone is like tryin to be ! austin ur mahh cute and talented #BEYOURSELF !!
With hard work, fingers crossed, positive chi, meditative Ohms, witch spells, and WHATEVER, this week WILL end great, even if it kills me!!!
Headed to NJ for some learning and stuff with my ladies and ! New Jersey will never be the same!
I like him<3
participatory classroom...allows students to come to the classroom knowing more than the teacher -- the potential
I wish that when we had all the hoapital things with our kids that we would have had a doctor as blunt as Dr. House
slap who told you that..lol but be gentle, dont want too much karma coming yo way
love problogger. thanks for posting.
That's because you are a small town NFL reporter who couldn't hack it in NY remember? That's why you were wrong.
I miss the old you.
Damn that strap!!
Hudson happily informed me that his brain stayed out of the purple pipe today! I still don't know what that means.
#denverleadership Thiry " the education problem is more solvable here than other places because of scale"
Mass. tribe unveils details of casino plan
Leaving for the airport soon. Im ready for another sexy virgin america flight lol.
Hahah The whole lakers bench is up except for Bynum, he's real Heated and M.Brown
No prob at all! Just want to make sure it went through. Congrats on the wedding! Go anywhere fun?
This is the best winter weather EVER!
Damn i wish i was in #jamaica right now. Love that Island
Tonight after 10, we've got great Nite Owl Specials. Our place is definitely worth checking out late at night!
Don't forget Ashley's wine tasting tomorrow.
ohmygosh, can you please follow me, i love you so much & you're like my biggest inspiration & it would mean the world to me <3
Folk art section at Smithsonian American Art is by far my favorite place in the city.
BTW it smells like burgers in the Kohl center right now
new job is kewl but I have no time for pinterest or online shopping.. what gives?
plzz get Justin to follow me plzz my <U+E34B>is tomorrow and I want him to follow me <U+E414><U+E057>
RUNDLL32 is my best friend today. VST Instrument Ho!
howd work go lady?
You may hate dubstep, but dubstep will never hate you.
RT : #Virgo is a sincere lover. They cant make love to you if they dont feel love.
- cooly jus making sure the feelings are mutual
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time. Anthony J. D’Angelo
Its gonna be a good day. <3
Ok now I'm seriously going to sleep. Night...
>>>MLM News! Sevarus( New Company Listing )
Merry Christmas!!!!! I appreciate everything..
My mean side is coming out today... So I highly recommend to NOT talk to me unless I like you or you're giving me a drink.
watch out for tornados today. There have been so many down that way.
You should really share it with the rest of the world. I'm sure a lot of people would relate to your pain.
That awkward moment when u wake up in a random hotel with a random guy laying next to you......
I have a huge list of things I need to do in the next 30 hours before I leave for Africa. Challenge accepted.
that's cool, my mom keeps asking haha
Just listened to announce their 20 city tour with #DEAD <3
Yes! English tomorrow, algebra on Friday, then summer!
: clearly that collection is being under utilized. Even wearing 3 diff pairs of shoes/day for a year wouldn't make a major dent!
I know. And at that time all the GRANDerz lived Vicente for his dancing. Not looks. Half of his GRANDerz didn't know him till th
hey beautiful.
It's time to realize that everything you need now has been right in front of your eyes
Is it bad to list "Co-Founder of #WineHuntChat" to our resumes?
Success in the end erases all the mistakes along the way. - Chinese Proverb
The first frame drums appeared in 5600 B.C. and skin-covered ceramic drums in 3500 B.C.
Analogy of the day: as rehab is to drugs, so seminary is to religion. As with rehab, after seminary most people relapse into religion
stop playing are u serious wow I love u lmao
the writing is so sharp and funny and awesome. i fell in love with it head over heels last night.
Jill Cousins #dpla - Announces: Virtual exhibition about emigration Europe to US
Excited for new episode of American horror stories....
Call the Show Promoters before traveling
Please help. I need two RBs to start. M. Barber, B Green-Ellis, P. Thomas, or T. Gehart?
HAIRY MEXICANS and SAKE BOMBS
I like cake
Yossi Benayoun has been absolutely immense for Arsenal. They might have 3rd sealed up if they played him all year.
What partner?
CEO of , Will Allen stands up for real food. The #GoodFoodRevolution is on sale now. #FoodRevolution Day is 5/19!
one time for another UM fan
who said it?
"live each day as if it were your last because tomorrow may never come"
Natives! nice! You should come by our party at today!
Veterans & active service men & women please visit The ABQ Museum FREE on Thursday, Nov 11. Thanx for all you do & have done.
thanks for the shout-out! Good stuff!
Him. Just him. That's all. I swear I'm seeing stuff. Sleeping medicine is getting to me
“: btw, I gave the a 2 hour long highlight montage to show on the bus ride.”. Shhh we only have 46 seats on bus!
NORTH AMERICA IS FIRST. IM IN USA! OMG GUYS NEXT WEEK. AH IM FREAKING OUT HOLY. SOMEONE CATCH ME WHILE I FAINT.
follow back plz
*Eyes flicking up to where ’s is looking* Something wrong?
naw hahah the Blue Devils aint ready for Coach Roy Williams and them TarHeels
I'm looking for delivery. Stat.
#IGoToASchool where my group of friends get called "the sneakerheads"
hm yea I think (I might just walk hme
I'm just kidding BOOBEAR<3
Better yet..."in still prettier AND smarter" than you...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
street fighter 3rd strike is so badass
Believe me, they do.. I come here, try to talk with everyone, and BAM 0 mentions.
This game sucks so hard RT : I think this kicker has to be MVP of the game. Bored.
I hope 2012 is the year in which all your wildest dreams come true.
Ice skating for fun, not to save life
can someone please let me in on what is happening- that would be great!
I have a secret obsession for bald white guys that dress nice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><U+2764> LOL
me either that match is gonna be awesome and Good Mrning to you to how are you today
Madison and crush
only girls who have low self esteem do that! don't fall for it :)
Yeah I'm about to make sure my next drive is a Lacie. Do Lacie's read AND write between Mac & PC?
Thanks for the follow
Jealous of everyone attending HealthCa.mp LA today!
hahaha. too true.
We are opening the offices at 10am today. Safety first.
My Snow Leopard disk still says "Ships: By August 28th". By my count, Apple has 2 hours 7 minutes to ship it.... no hope for tomorrow.
I'd like to think I started at the top and am working my way down
um sounds like WFR getting WACK !
Are you an approved sup and in need of a refresher course? DFI is hosting one on 9/30/11. Email to sign up!
Lafayette or West-Lafayette believe it or not they are different lol.
Not sure about her, but I am on & off the road for the next 4 - 5 weeks... summer is JAM packed!!!
You speak to me with words and I look at you with feelings.
I dare u lol
no! tired of em! just wear sum cute!
I never thought eating habits would drive one insane. try detoxing your body of all sugar and yeast, wait for the die off and try not to die
Abstracts via : We don't put limits. Some sessions ARE guaranteed, though (divisions, allieds, etc). Check w organizer.
keep laughing, you'll find out
it was, but Jen begged 1 more week. I caved. And paying for it now with the traffic
Do you want to be treated like family? We are family owned and operated RT pls
I roll with a band of gypsies
I miss you too!!!!
just look at his face man! #Youknowyouknowyouknow?
A winner makes commitments to a goal, a loser makes promises
Now the snow is sticking. Yay. My first real snow storm of the season.
I have a tumblr but I'm never on it because it is so confusing.
Hello sex
Hailing cabs in Seattle is actually really easy, I never expect this outside of NYC.
what time will your event be starting?
In past 10 daze I had red eye, lost all data on backup HDD, threw rod in van & lacerated tip of pinky cookin. At least I still have my name.
first you despise me now im cute. Quit playin games boy.
Just win baby!!!
That was sarcasm if you couldn't tell. :/
I suspect the Coca Mole is a bit better than the pipeworks.
Just watched #PJ20 documentary!! WOW!
RT : Good <U+2600> Morning
a day off and I still have a to do list this size of 's arm!
Going to Flyers game tonight? Let's do this. Every time #Briere scores, we chant Oh Danny Boy! Pls RETWEET & use
no moved to Dallas for work. Wish I was in ChiTown.... Enjoy my man!
Omg i cannot wait to get a i love you this is #EPIC thank you
Will do. We can always use a big brother to run the creepy boys off.
Going to #WGI this weekend? Stop by and visit our friends from who will be exhibiting at the event!
u should have snapped some pics to share! Maybe next time
#Casting - Just In! Nancy Nayor is casting several roles for the film "21 and Over." Details on our Facebook page - facebook/actsophia!
Don't tell her to run, that means U have to chase her before u can kick her butt.
The cast of Una Noche are here for their first time in America from Cuba!!!!
Congrats to and for representing at Pitch went great.
President Obama: "I Reject the idea that asking a hedge fund manager to pay the same tax rate as a teacher or a plumber is CLASS WARFARE ! "
aycliffe* and I'll be taking a bag so I'll put them in that :)
RT : #Taxes were a lot more fun when I used to get refunds. #freelancerblues (via )
Hiccups are the worst.
I only caught the last few min, but I was glad Pacers pulled it out. Interesting to see if they can do it 3 more times.
Gracias for the retweet. So word on the interwebs is you won a Nicholl Fellowship! Can you give me your logline?
PLEASE FOLLOW! WERE HUGE FANS FROM NEW YORK!!! WERE NOT NOTICED :( IT WUD BE GREAT
Happy birthday to !!! Xoxox
#Twitter If you know what's good for you...remove #reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend IMMEDIATELY!!
Can you keep a secret? We hope not! Hyatt Regency Albuquerque's 48 hour sale starts tomorrow!
ALL events at HPC are canceled tonight due to the storm. The High Point Christian School Band Program will be rescheduled.
Downloading music for the Summer. This season will sing in Queen, Doobie Brothers, Nicki Minaj, and Beyonce.
ok now he just told me that CB is wack! should i go in or not? nah imma wait until he steps out of line
"Hola !!: "Throw her on the bed and kiss her like You mean it. Bet she"ll be thinking about you all day at work.""
OFFICIALLY A WORKING WOMAN!!!
Thanks for the call out on the board game cafes in Perth, Austraila, Charlotte!
THE BEST GYROS ON EARTH!!!
I don't boo Tex for going to NY, I boo him for years of claiming to be an O's fan, saying he grew up a Yanks fan in the heart of Maryland.
MAN I LOVE HE SO SEXY
#Brewers going for the sweep over the #Cubs here #MillerPark!
Lmao --> RT I seriously wish I had my phone ):
Working on my calendar of events...
q5) When time and distance prohibit in person meetings
Working today! The wind sucks, but we have been busy so far, so come by and keep it up for the rest of the day!
A desire designed to eat away the soul, to leave eyes staring blankly into a world burning with cold, a desire evolved into fire, into fire.
You got it
sup you cant hit noone up...
there is 1!!!!! at the 1 minute mark
On this day in 1965 MLK Jr. and thousands left Selma and marched to Montgomery protesting institutional black voter disenfranchisement.
you and your bf are the cutest and hottest couple ever :) , btw do you have any good workout tips?
if Twitter would let ne follow anybody back I'd follow back! LOL that bullshit! But thx for the follow & support in
Because the history kids will study 75-100 years from now is being created online
It's not like I wanted to sleep with your mother, but I knew that was the one thing that would really piss you off. She sucked anyway.
What's the word on Boris?
I'll take the blooper.
You sampled Etta!!! samples do not equal collaborations.
GM! Making it a great day! Wuz good?
Thanks to all our tweeps that entered our #BkSq twitter contest! We will announce the winner tomorrow.
I got plenty, remember, I pulled you.
we need to give you our fire pit we have no use for it now it's still at the house
Morning blessed to see another day # smile
S/o to the Lakers AMAZING Victory over the OKC Thunder !! Your now watching the New Age of Laker Champions, Sessions, Ebanks, Hill n Blake !
2-for-1 Happy Hour style at Fire right meow. Stick around and you’ll get to meet as they’re playing tonight!
Yeah , people are definitely going to be surprised with the things im yet to accomplish , like I said , this is THE SUMMER , MY summer :D
haha xD OMG YOU MADE MY NIGHT.
Me too. RT : Tuning into #higheredlive now. What did I miss? Looks like everything.
now i have banana bread on the brain :)
I love them! (:
so with apple buying chomp i wonder if the android functionality goes away?
Good morning world!! I feel great today and I only have God to thank for that<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> everyone have a blessed and happy day
You cant judge me unless you really know me.
= awesome place to work... surrounded by great people on team and working with GREAT customers! Even for a Monday, gets me going.
it's the least I can do!
thanks em it's so I can finish out college
RT : Bicycles are an odd scapegoat for our budget and transportation challenges.
But if this ends with us seeing Michelle's dick, I'm gonna be PISSED.
You have been a bad girl and you should go and study right now or I'm going to punish you or just be mean to you haha ^^ <U+2665>
Working on Chris Corls promo for his #Honda Prelude!
Thank you for the love <3 RT : Really cool band: check them out! I cant stop dancing! :)))
- Lol. Too funny.
We will miss you Thanks for your great work for
Just spoke at #gigabitcity w/ 5 minute notice-eek!
Wow. Tough crowd. Nobody is clapping for any of the dead celebs. They must be serving drinks.
Harris Teeter ranks sixth in Consumer Reports grocery rankings
Ugh Sometime I Wish I Didn't Miss you!
Oh my gawwwwd yes! Love them and if you didnt know who they were i was gonna send you THAT song xD
LMAO RT : You lost me at Microsoft.
Watching The Client List...its pretty good^_^
got giro fever bad.
Blessed Assurance is on my mind...bout to sing my little heart out! :-)
Movies like "Paranormal Activity" have kinda placed demonic possession in the realm of Paranormal...
thanks dood much appreciated im leavin the 19th u beter cut ur butt out there asap
What and watched as a Nielsen Family #ignitedc Arrested Development ain't it!
What are your views on the rise of fees in higher #studies in #India?
We can talk about anything, The luxury about "Us" is, that we don't need to...
Yes, any Windows developer who dealt with VS2008's XAML designers and leaks should know this word.
Hey I love your music and I am from usa :)x sup
As long as we keep on givin. We can take anything that comes our way.
Shyam Das wins the Tyrone Poole award this year.
#casev maximizing online strategies, nice to see that is already pretty on the ball.
I left the envelope on the shelf above your desk
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity. ~ Thoreau
Raining wicked hahd. Not excited for 3 block walk from the bus.
: but they were respectful, right? & related to class material. apparently fear is Random Ppl harassing, stalking students.
Yay! I'm giving quizzes all day and keeping up with grading!
Hi Sabrina, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Fighting is my passion.
When lecturing, I enjoy poking fun at John Adams. It is slightly disturbing to realize he's the President closest to my physical stature.
On the UCLA campus? It's Week 10 study week. Free coffee & donuts all week 10am-2 pm at NCHS office: 6339 Bunche Hall (behind the elevators)
Oh, I had no idea you started a new twitter. Neat!
well i needa go to la then (;
I don't think they are trying to be ironic.
and a natural scrubber for your teeth :)
Every family has those days, that stand out among the rest. Today is going to be one of those days.
Red Cross to use $ from Haiti disaster to build a $10.5 mil 'Hilton Hotel' on 10 acre compound. Cause that'll help Haitians.
The weekend in PHX is going to be insanely beautiful. Cannot wait to have you here!
SO cold outside! No!
Romney would not bully a suspected gay teen now. He would require convincing evidence of his homosexuality first.
Amy Levine: #FCC has long advocated creative uses of #spectrum in health care, other places to drive adoption,
Happy Fourth of July. Safe travels.
seems like he wants
Please & Thank You!
I feel the need to change my icon. Ok brb picture searching time
call me when u get a min , lost ur num ..lol
All i want is a little of the good life all i needs to have a good time
LOL! What do you play Pahi?
yep! And I just dowloadef the twit app too. Getting rid of the other one.
oh nice! great place! I love watching games there
god morning tweeters!!! Im back from my vacation. Time for porn.
Thanks for the follow!
The only time you don't fail is the last time you try anything - and it works
What time is the computer exam.......
those burnt cookies got nothin on us hahahha
I swear I'm not feeling school n e more
REBECCA BLACK IS VERY FALSE!!!
2010 there was the largest decline in women in legislature w/
Website up.. www.tektonicus.com :)
I need more friends
What's the damn move tonight??
no clue what that means….
it was really emotional and I really felt sorry for you and your father. But it looked like he got it, I hope things are good.
me & my mom are discussing dreams. lol we're watching Nightmare On Elm Street 2 c:
This bitch driving next to me is teasing me with her banana, I'm thinking of following her home....
But I prefer to scream about ice cream, figuratively. This has been my summer of ice cream.
I just found a story I started writing 10 years ago. It's much better than I remember.
We all know we get HAPPY when someone Retweets our tweets (: it makes our day haha!
#3 days till St.Louis
#PinkTip Never become to busy that you forget to mentor an aspiring entrepreneur.
what a fantastic name for a fantasic human! Long time no see stranger, hope all is well in NYC!
Dear 5 a.m.: You're a soul sucking bitch.
Why don't you come to Chicago Hilton & Towers for the Chicago Cubs Convention on Friday, January 13th - Call us for tickets: 888-493-0004
I don't know really, but I think a business checking account would be under the EIN of your LLC, not your personal SSN.
If u are feeling a little flat....blowdry your hair opposite of the way it falls and ta-dah!! Gorgeous voluminous hair for everyone:)
my mama won't let me go to your concert :( she said it's too long of a drive from Mississippi. And we're going to Georgia! :(
I think the guy who does Game ops is Mike Schnieders. Not sure if he is on twitter...
Cnt Tell A Grown Man Wat To Do Wit His
I miss work!! I rather work than do school work so late at night
welcome home!clear your roster your team is about to get filled at the
Drive Angry wins Best Wiki Film Synopsis to Read Outloud After Dinner.
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! The ball finds its way through the legs of Phillys' goalie after an attempted pass from Keogh to Accursi.
Name that tune...
This is my 2,000th tweet. I need a life.
awe thanks! You da best!
Doc Rivers finishes 5th in NBA Coach of the Year voting. This is arguably the best job Doc has done.
deal im gonna snuggle my pup right now and get inspiration
Will you be my girlfriend? A. Yes B. A C. B
can't be any more harmful then four loko
where'd y'all play in SB?
awww my favorites <33 I miss you too!! :(
Giants got my fav Qb -eli manning but patriots my fav team so idk??
Happy to get your Tweets!
John Axford's hair is looking very Wayne Campbell like
Thanks for the heads up - I hope to attend!
Miguel Cotto all the way lets go P.R yeah boii
Learning to use "faith's confession of God's Word" to declare how deep in God we can go instead of how many more things we can get.
stop by and comment Please www.letDCknow.com/america
By who? He's the best of all time.
Dear zach brown, please remove the beanie from the top of your head. Its 80 degrees in nashville and you look like a douchebag. That is all.
Last bit of eating before I head home Mon/tues and start walking it all off!
Comfy clothes week <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Gettin a nice cut today then gettin my permit tomorrow
Life is not just like...?? [ADD CAPTION]
Ham & Beans for lunch!
Hanging with my mom at the mall. Smh!
How come schools can't wear Broncos clothing on fridays? Oh yeah because it's "gang related" but still...
IT DID IT AGAIN! WTF?
Andy Zodin on today to talk French Open, comedian Ralphie May from Last Comic Standing, and Free Beer Friday! Topic TBD, stay tuned. AM 1510
Thanks! Great presentation!
. Chris Kreider: "I'm at a loss for words. You could feel the full affect of the crowd...it was pretty awesome" >welcome to NY!
Post-turkey day breakfast - possibly the best breakfast of the year?
these folks can blame wade n bron all day, the problem is hibbert
Love that!!! Buses = symbol of community, freedom from parking. :)
Jamar is a perfect example of a praying mama. He has a powerful powerful testimony!
He who laughs last thinks slowest - have a wonderful Fun filled weekend!
Hows school Emma? So cool that your in the states!!!!!
"Single" & "Taken" are just TERMS. Your ACTIONS define your real status .
"Check in" on facebook is not working in Korea... I didn't know that at all. It was sort of my favorite things. I really miss NYC.
LETS GO HAWKS!
Teach how to use twitter when your in GB. That guy needs to tweet more.
Lmao RT : Celtics < me tryin to get full off a happy meal
no he was being smart. Market too high he wasn't going to become a wholesaler. He bring in some buyout beauty or two!
Only if you're afraid of dirt, wind, heat, paleontologists, or you can't do without showers, tv, ice cream..
just sang!! He has the Voice of an angel. I get chills every time I hear him!!
But she won't txt me Bosch
Bank of America successfully pisses me off at LEAST once a month. This is an abusive relationship. Why do I stay? Because it's convenient.
AHAHA I just saw a #1Dfact that said Harry played Coconut Head ? wut.
Yes, I'm going to hell. I just made a Sept 11 dick joke.
I love Newt's constant" "It's increasingly interesting..." bullshit. How professorial.
Glad you liked it! Thanks for reading :)
Vajay Jay z's greatest hits
Don't worry bout us! It won't take us THAT long to get out of our 6-fig student loan debt. We're just 'Soon-to-haves' :)
Im leaving for a while i love u all but today at 8:10 this morn my sister Annabell rose Lizeal died
'Equal opportunity, more than anything, means a great education'-Steve Jobs
My friends and I might have performed it in front of our whole school.
Thanks for the RISE RT's yesterday! :)
LOL! Just don't mess w/ my fountain or garden & we're fine!! (Been going on for a year! Not taking it anymore!)
So awkward in elevators
Volunteers spend day cleaning up mobile home park - YNN Hudson Valley
Having some Nicaragua UCPCO Co-op. Gotta love #LocalCoffee. Love my new v60 too!
Have a pleasant Thursday!
A million people wrapped around 46th street in the rain to see the Kartrashians.
Show tonight at Gilbert's Resort MM 107.9 Key Largo FL 7:30 pm !
Good night...sleep tight...
Forrealll!!! And duh :)
#ricktatorship..hey why not
ONE WORD TUESDAY!!! We haven't done this forever... let's get back on it! What's your word today? My word is: Trusting.
i love you Christian (:
Tease!teaser!teaser!
The rule is that if you get check for exactly $100 you have to buy cocaine with it. There are no exceptions.
Need to check out boredtodeath - punching marshmallows are awesome
aha, yeah I don't like downloading stuff. I'm too lazy. ;/ tinychat's easier.
Travel Postcard: 48 Hours in Bruges
So this girl got in her head phones and doesn't think I can hear her farting
then might slide through to K.O.D. .... TO SEE MY NEW BOO HBreeeziyanna ...
Gahhhh mood killer.
learning how to pod & vod cast at #ccitis2012--oh the possibilities!
Fuck i hurt myself
Hot Brazilian people Drinking cold Mexican Beer!!!! That's what's happening!!
BREAKING: Queen of Disco has died of cancer. She was 63.
First day of Middle School was cool; i guess..
thx so much i love you too! (: and same with you God bless you!
Left my fucking purse on the bus.
Every day is a gift from God. Thank HIm for it and enjoy it to the fullest. www.lindaswift.net
h i
Mr. Singer is at the Nature Museum this Thursday at 1:45! Come wiggle, clap, and sing along in this interactive sing-a-long.
Shoot for #comachocigars today til 8p in downtown Orlando. And the #magic play tonight and I had to turn down box seats, boo!
excited to see more and more guys tweeting <3 where have you been all my life? haha
#ThingsIDislike When people are rude and disrespectful to others.
mom is in such denial of her health&refuses to believe she needs an annual physical even..breaks my heart bc I learn preventive med all day
We are SO EXCITED to unveil our new #bridal suite in the next couple weeks!!! It's amazing. :)
Would love to get a friend involved in this tweetchat so she can see the importance of Twitter!
VOTE.FOR.AUSTIN.<U+2665><U+2665>
- Glad you're back Keith...I'm sure Florida enjoyed you but the #ATX & clients missed you :-)
RT : #wmnldrs. Mary Dowell/Johnson Controls talks about networking and building relationships and how constant change is
Viya con Dios, brah ; ) Its a little corny, but yet, good...
Going to bed hmm.. Goodnight.. ?:) would say dave but he doesnt respond anymore :'/ love u david <3 :)
The Girl in the Steel Corset by Kady Cross!
Good Friday :-)
Ill take my sneakers off, and shout aloud your name when I get in.
Want to fall inlove where do I start
#ThatAkwardMomentWhen you tell a story you feel good about. then someone acts sad. you think "is this sad?" then you're confused
GTE is looking for a great, outgoing Female BA at the NHRA Races in Phoenix on Feb. 17th-19th. Email with your pics, info
#jimmyjohns really is
brother: 11 sister: 13 & almost 14... Her b-days in September
I have paper cut my way through the entire stash of bandaids I had in my purse.
u better be gettin your whole team ready for that ass whoopin the G-Men bout to give u!
Put on Pandora! He should be up there with by now.
the story airs on in about 8 mins (also again tomorrow at 4:30)
I'm zooming down this little hill <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
aw thank you so much! how ya doing!?
Heard it was a great night! See you soon. xoxo
We are building.
The homie is awfully quiet this evening.
#SMSK (Singles Mingle Summer Kick Off) tickets go on sale at 10am at all area Let's hook you up with a hottie :-)
It's going to be more than OK. It's going to rock your socks off, kiss you goodnight, and tuck you safe into bed.
Pretty sure that was just #earthquake number 2. Or moving boxes has broken my body.
never seen him do anything but pure magic I'm jealous!
you welcome hun :)
Want to take refuge in a slanket.
Run your mouth about me, when you don't even go to my school.
or should i have said "Like life on a Tuesday: Not as good as you hoped, but not as bad as you feared."
I was behind on the DVR by like 20 min.
It's funny. Storm coming. Okay, thanks and have a restful sleep. Goodnight, sweet dreams.
better not be seeing that without me, biznatch!
Still doing homework
Your french is on point Marcel!
Morning tweets!! Have a wonderful day
In the process of re-organizaing some music on Last.fm. Certain music may be temporarily unavailable...
Jeni. You know better than to use that inappropriate language on twitter. Your future boss might see this! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
#ThatAintCool when your plans get ruined..
Cant wait til i get all this work done!!!!!!
If you don't have an Avatar, Bio, or Tweets. I WON'T FOLLOW YOU BACK...
Meech Loc's new mix-tape "The Underground King" is dropin early Jan 2011 get ya hands ona copy hit me on face book search Meech Loc
Davy Jones took his Last Train to Clarksville. :( RIP Davy. Thanks for the music, the good times, and yes, being my 1st crush.
oh...what kind of shirt?
my grandad passed away yesterday. Not even your music can stop me from crying. :'(<U+2665>
go macbook pro, I just did, should have switched years ago.
Scared money dnt make no money
We always LOVE seeing our socks at weddings, although this contest is for the two styles specifically. :)
“Swingers” Arrested After Using Craigslist to Find Dog to Have Sex With
All the stars are out tonight in Mt Horeb, Reedsburg v. Mt Horeb.
Love #automaticsystematichabit Free on itunes now!
Going to greenwood, would anyone care to join me
Boxwire #SmallBiz Tip: It's better to have bad news that's true, then good news that's just made up.
RT want me in WWE13 let know. My colleagues & I have given our bodies to wrestling, not for you to blatantly exploit THQ
please be safe tonight & have fun! happy new year, everyone!
“: Arizona. A good idea what Fox News would look like it were a place.” RT cause it's true. is #Murdoch in drag.
Cheers mate!
Ladies, if you walk like a Clydsdale in heels you defeat the purpose.
I don't get mad...I get apathetic!
I believe in a thing called love...
happy birthday bro. Oh and look it's Kyle <U+E404> hahahaha
C'mon Pats! Let's do this!
Love never lasts
I thought that was going to be a picture of the park... when I saw it... I was like "how did he get up there?!"
chatting about loans and mortgages acorn programs
regret nothing.
Change means that what was before wasn't perfect. People want things to be better. Esther Dyson
In high school the first time I got suspended/ took of her suspenders and had them legs suspended
No brainer, right? Who doesn't want to laugh hard for 30 minutes at videos of people being hit in the face with a wiffleball bat
Just found out I'll need to have two knee surgeries over the next few months. #blerg!
Crazy long wait at #AT&T store
- Of course! Not even in planning stages yet, so will let you know. :)
Teens are are more likely to re-offend than adults.
You seem like a pussy,But I will let it pass.
what you skip class to do
what time is dance moms tonight?
Dang it Steven Hamner killed it today!!!
Buenos Dias :) Today you should have some Strawberry's.
I've only been gone one day hahah
just woke up from a solid two hour nap....i love sleep
As usual, I went for burn instead of savor. Loved it!
I said this, "I remember when I was a kid watching Holy Vanderfield". typical woman statement.
thanks for following. Good luck with the 500 goal today.
I'm gonna need you to follow me back sir. And maybe we should even hang out sometime.
should I do homework now, or should I wait until tomorrow? hm
lots of nice cars in phx, maserati, cts, lexus but not as much character as my 91 deville!!!
Kendra is my girl. I got your back hon. When you get ready to hire a new assistant, call me...:-)
not sure yet.
If you can't describe what you are doing as a process, you don't know what you're doing.
Such a cute pic! He looks so sweet!
YOUR GOING FOR 100
You need to come to We (well, me) play the heck out of you!
Can't wait to see u tonight in Seattle
#Vegas is hot as hell !!!
Wow, pants from a week ago, that didn't get fully dried, still wet. Must remember to always allow enough room in dryer.
I took my kids to the first Strasburg game (pirates) We may get the Nats new minor league stadium in Winchester. I hate phillies
lmao whatever Sammy haha I'm gonna miss u too though.
aww Mo, I ms yall! I got sm stories 4 u so get yo popcorn ready boo boo, LOL! My hair look lk cotton, this AL heat is no joke!
Everybody watch out for Rick Sant in the south. He owns the Chick Fil A vote.
yes well I'm your fangirl so I have to be supportive haha
I sent you an email saying your resume needs updating boss....
O. M. I love this story so much!!!!!!! Yea buddy I'm dating vinny!!!!!! Lol
Just saw that you are on the Hunger Games soundtrack. Thats so awesome! CONGRATS!!!!!!!!! Can't wait to hear!
another wonderful day in Afghanistan, starting to get a bit cooler and gets darker quicker, winter is coming fast.
Three (3) Virginia Elite players playing in the 2nd Annual Presidential Hoopfest
My Goal is for u cutie to follow mw bck(:
Perfect side for cookouts and picnics!
was it a 10-yr-old with braces, plaid overalls & frizzy hair? if so, it was probably me.
I hate you.
Rascism: when a white blackberry phone is more expensive than a black blackerry phone.
I think i wanna marry you!
After years in Chicago, I'm due for some sunshine and low humidity :)
Happy Monday #Encore friends! In the spirit of Valentine's Day tomorrow, let's share what we LOVE about theater!
: sweet sport for sure! :)
lmao, it must be Monday :0) have a good one
Too funny, I was just thinking the same!
lol shit Real in south beach
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Sun, May 13 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
yeah my Dad & I were talking about that last night. He has a Total Gym that I am tempted to use.
Hi twitter, whatsup?
doesn't make sense for everyone gets a root canal on Tuesday, even if you came for teeth clean. Why do that in class?
Player spots and sponsor opportunities still available for the 5/1 Golf Tournament.
In Ohio with my main bitches ;)
: It shouldn't be hard to understand that calling an idea dumb is different from calling a person a name.
: thanks, I'm following you back. My son's a Musician . Enjoy the weekend :)
National Record Day today!! All vinyl will be 25% off all day (till 5 p.m.)
Mall with ma cuz :*
It is working somewhat but the twitter interface is now strangely different and unfamiliar.
Who's going to river riot?
Kidrauhl Makes Us Wet ;) he really does.
I'm finally eating! I haven't had anything in the past 2 days! #YES (:
One final treat for finals week. Free b/w printing today until 5pm. Helping you
I figured (;
Rock climbing! :-)
how am i slackin ? you make the arrangements & ill be there . duh ! Lol
Lets go
Welcome to the #NFL, Claiborne. NY'ers chanting "Dallas sucks" at RCMH
Awww no can't do :(
I Don't Understand this... I'm sweeter to girls yet they don't notice me whatever lol
Well they made that interesting. Way to fight back but shouldn't have had to. Go #terps!
GOD is strategic! This type of technology allows us all to gleen from your wisdom BEYOND MUSIC, but BECAUSE OF MUSIC!
Okay i just noticed time followed me and I DONT EVER REMEBER ASKING HIM TO FOLLOW ME :O
8 weeks of spinach, albacore tuna and green tea has me craving some serious junk... must... resist...
i dont think thats how it works between you and me lol
I must say that FIFA Street is a great game even though Messi ruined the cover.
dude it's been an hour what gives
'Good habits are as addictive as bad habits, and a lot more rewarding.' - Harvey Mackay
I Fuks Wit But U Never Hit Up But Its Kool Doe : )) I Still Love Yhu
Casette demos in the year 2011 = dumb.
I'll never let you go.
agree! Six plans over the last 22 years, VCU Children's always dropped the ball. It bothered me enough that I moved.
mama taking my phone away till june 8th ... so ima try to go on my laptop everyday.. buhbye .. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> .
Move in ready #Homes - - Try it out... Great plans / Communities ...
As far as I know, it's only *political* donations that are disclosed. You can give anonymous charitable donations.
#GOPdrinkinggame Update: When Paul says anything about foreign policy puff once.
The #IRNE for best actress in a musical goes to...Audra McDonald in prod. ! Congrats
It's @%@*(?!* cold!! Give us the temperature now (in celcius). First five correct answers will win a free cup of coffee.
So you're saying that there's hope at USATF & IAAF?
showing in towns tomorrow morning. streeterville and gold coast. my cilents 90 lb american bulldog sure limited our options!
Joy follows them like a shadow that never leaves them.
Reading the wrong numbers and wondering why something is taking so long
One of the advantages of having to work on a weekend in Alaska...being able to catch United live!!
I just don't think someone should be bashed for giving rights to women that some very well need.
Thanks! We enjoy working here!
I know it's great. Miss you!
4/21/1778->J. Banister: I do not mean to exclude patriotism...But...a great&lasting War can never be supported on this principle alone
Now I will say that "charge" on Barnes is highly debatable.
What's everyone doing this 3-day weekend? Think I'll take the fam up to Pyramid Lake. Thanks to for all the travel & safety tips!
whoa just saw that pic. How was that load of awesomeness??
I kind of want to buy one share of Facebook just to be "that guy"
Seems awfully fixed, but with that said. I am already in the plus and have 2 months left on my Membership.
Appeareantly I am a "Low life nigga" but that means nothing coming from ah
Bring Back Ringer 22
RIP MCA...Hip-hop has lost a true artist...sad, sad day :-(
Got a phenomenal story idea? Send it to and I may appear in the Chicago Citizen!
congratulations!!! You make us proud!
I Hated That Shit Hole To, I Hate To Leave Asap!!.
RT High Road by the scoop? Yes ma'am. At Brookhaven Farmer's Market all day.
Nah, we just need engineers to find new ways to sell the same cat pictures
Always remember, drunk words are sober thoughts.
S/O to #305 ALL THE WAY LIVE
Sammy Sosa was there too
it's okay to visit memory lane, just don't live there . you seem like you're into quotes so enjoy :)
Touring Ironworks soon? Facebook recently launched a new tool allowing you to tag our page in your photos! Be sure to give it a whirl...
Tapping feet!
#Attention follow launch coming soon... also get a follow back from there twitter.
Blah! :P
Sounds great, Chad! Talk to you then!
The world of achievement has always belonged to the optimist. -- J. Harold Wilkins
coming very soon: the full schedule for this year's Marathon!
aw you say that to am your reviewers :). I have enjoyed your work in the past, I am sure this is no different.
i was happy...
Every Rep. debate is won by Obama. The more they talk, the better I feel about 2012. They should get candidate that literally doesn't speak
Who wants to go get some sushi tonight?
We have some interesting ideas about bringing you music!
Claims the Obama admin has been the same in terms of the war on terror as Bush are just plain wrong.
Just found you your Sunday afternoon activity and the answer to holiday gifts for the ladies....you can thank us later :)....
I saw nicolette!(:
she is the sweetest! I'll get to be on board with her for a week. I'm so excited! Where are you going this time? And how long?
Hours. M-F 11am to 4pm0
oh yeah!
Personal Accountability over sexual health is a choice, safe sex or not information is plentiful
Yeah, you looked pretty cute.. From far.
Article references NFL rule chgs, but how much have they a) been intended to reduce; and b) actually reduced concussions?
bo all your fault
aww well I'm sorry about that
When the hell did Dewey get a twitter? Definately following now!
Phew. I didn't think our age gap was that big. I had my eyes closed and ears covered for half the movie the first time.
the Mktg Mgr. with our partner told us about you so it would be great to have a follow up
coffee/tea or something next week?
schmooze good for the rest of us!
language is fluid and moving anyway, spoken grammar is too static for me!
3rd tweet. #Drew believe. You have talent. Don't give up come back stronger. I loved ur save me song. That & Skyscraper made me cry
now on to a poster on red raven by
I trust him.
congrats! “: I'm so excited to announce I've accepted the newly created Security Outreach Manager position at Facebook!”
Sweatpants day
Paul Gasol with the buzzer beater? lol
that's on Izturis not Taylor...
If u don't support lesbians just unfollow me right now..... WHY? cuz biotch ima lesbian !!
I didn't even realize. Happy Birthday! RT : Happy birthday !! Hope its spectacular.
We're participating in this year's PDPsi/LUL annual cookoff! Look for us in Kogan @ 12 :}
Found 2 bags of unopened okedoke popcorn
Going downtown this week during NATO. Make sure you have your ID, you could be detained.
the department of education's default portfolio is north of 33 billion, last I heard
#know12 Great discussion today with (Brian Lillie): looking forward to his keynote address tomorrow at Knowledge12.
i love it. thank you so much. made me cry (happy tears).xoxo
Deleting evil spam mail>:p
lol yaah , i change my number alot . Nice phone my brother has it (;
good to meet you to. You have a lot of books up there. I've downloaded a sample of Blood Upon the Rose.
*txt* thanks and... I dont think so...
Hi Kara! Gr8t story about ! When u have time, pls check us out, , maybe we could be featured 1 day too :-).
I'm gunna go with SF since I havent been out there. My friend wants 2 do vegas 8/19. Thinking on it.
Ok...as soon as you can execute melismatic runs as well as you can feel free to criticize his clearly nonexistent vocal talent
How sad Veronica! We hope you can visit us soon.
aw, just entirely lost my blog post. WHY, internet, WHY?!
You know what i really dont knoe . im just pressinq buttons . lol
"She gotta pocket bubbler in her purse, but she keep it G n pack the bowl wit weed n let me hit first..." I need a women like that LOL
RT : RT : Dear PRs: When you send emails with my name in a different font than the body, I know you're playing the field.
Good morning :)
you there?
A healthy dog or cat is no accident. It takes a commitment form you to provide your pet a healthy lifestyle & reg. Vet Care.
Let's go Packers. Bring the trophy home. I love you.
godbless to all
Keep em on they toes like a midget at the urinal
Glad to see Ron Paul wiped the floor with the rest on the #answer #scdebate, too bad is trying to blot him out.
I always listen To the subway song, when I am down it always makes me laugh! :)
and when did this become about Adidas?
No problem. I want to hear you sing. You have a youtube channel.
to all 700 of you, what are yall doing att this moment of reading this sentence ? nothing..? so go like Xspo music page
haha nice. But I believe that was an #insidejoke between & not me! Still funny though.
Why do homework when u can slam a Vol? #thewolkenway RT : That play pretty much sums up Trae Golden's career.
Go Kevin!
iphones are amazing.
Nothing like a little Pandora to Pangea :D
How many of you guys actually knew that Mr Mojo Risin actually spells out Jim Morrison's name if you unscramble the letters
The People's Library returns to Liberty Plaza.
In search for a good book.
Librarians should thank god every day for Wikipedia
That just happened Big 12 is overrated.
you can get organic hot dogs. They are low in calories, taste the same, have great nutrition, and you can see eat camping foods
that's only one of their houses! But they're not snobby people by any means. Totally uncharacteristic for DC elite.
Well that tweet just backfired pretty hard.
thinks its strawberries newport :-)
cause they are OLD
Okay, Rubio is for reals. He's impacting the game in so many ways.
thank you for doing that!! :)
Hey ! Thanks for the follow. We heard a rumor was at your place on Saturday ... Any truth to that?
#ThingsIDislike people that follow me on twitter after i blocked you on fb
New blogs on the #Brewers Jerry Hairston, Jr. trade and the shortstop market:
I really wanna go too (:
I don't have Facebook, actually but if you DM me your name and address, I will send you a hard copy of Katelyn's album!
money is everything and nothing
calling the bestie tonight she better answer the phone!!!
If it ain't one thing it's another!
Air conditioning...85 degrees inside...still too early...so hot...utility bills...so hot...
Finally, back on track with my Tuesday assignments. Except my notes but that's my benefits.
The doctor said Clinton was "in good spirits" after the procedure, which went "very smoothly."
The perfect compromise!
My son was willing to sit in his stuff forever. My darling girl squeals like a pig as soon as she's the least bit wet or dirty.
All my niggas animals I just brought a zoo
considering the fact that uuuuhh
"A university education in Chile is proportionally the most expensive in the world: $3,400/year, whereas the average salary is $8,500/year"
looking forward to meeting folks at
RT : Giving my World Civ 2 presentation this morning.
is bored!! katelyn :)
All This Hatin New Generation!! #WhenWillitStop !?!?!?
Who's your fitness/nutrition writer? They should check out: Fitmapped! New Yorkers need a directory resource like this!
. Aw, honey, I don't know. Probably sales related. I met through work. I'll look at it when I get home.
Calvary's Wizard of Oz play was incredible! #greatcast Going again tomorrow with !
"Thinking you know the answer is as dangerous as not thinking about the possibility of no answers." Thank you for sharing!
Autumn, I have not excitedly welcomed you, but the squash tonight may have just changed my tune. How I adore fall fare.
S/O to Brandon Jacobs! Dude 6-4 264 lbs just broke off a DB like Reggie Bush back at USC
4 schools were on lockdown during the search for the robbers, who crashed the getaway car into a pole.
UGLY PIECE OF SHIT!~
When someone calls u up and u just mised their cal but u call right back and they don't answere. what just happened did ya die?
Make sure you blow your shit up...we need a hommie thats a down to earth MAD famous celeb out there
Free Pro Mirror Video Analysis for all baseball + softball campers Sat + Sunday call Kent 617 645 1257 to reserve your spot...just like NYY
I can hear them too ;)
I'm a little slow...but eventually I get it. Foods here...I'll be back.
bet that
So looking forward to seeing you ladies tomorrow! Haute
Pretty sure that's why they invented takeout. (Was going to say GrubHub, but I don't think it's reached your neck of the woods.)
Going to be #TeamiPhone in less than a week. <U+E00A>
Wait I ment #yeahbuddy my bad.
We're a little weird, lifes a little weird, we find some1 whose weirdness is compatible, we join, fall in mutual weirdness & call it love.
MCA dying makes me feel old @ 38.
Where's a brilliant book agent when you need one?
well I missed the story completely. how is sx treatin' you?
What skills do library paraprofessionals wish they knew? What would help you do your job better, especially at a public library?
sweet! I started bike riding over the summer. Lost 60 lbs. I did 2000 miles since June. My new phase will be triathlons
Hope everyone's enjoying a great #SpringBreak2012! We're open today and tomorrow 7:30 a.m. - 9 p.m.; closed Friday for #CesarChavez day.
Following deadly plane crash in Montana. FAA this a.m. confirms 14 people on board. 7 kids. All died in crash. Latest details at 5:30
i don't treat em' i don't love em' i fuck em' with muh vans on.
It 99 degrees in Chi town
We are excited to announce the location of our new bookstore, Indy Reads Books. It will be located at 911 Mass Avenue...
NF ;)) Follow BACK!
Looking fwd to today's Ceremonial & Exhibition at the American Academy of #Arts & Letters. Chuck Close's speech should be legendary!
New addition to the #SOTU #Seattle #wadem drinking game rules: When Obama says "sputnik" drink one sip!
flashbacks of Columbia, SC
Listening to students talk about cooking experiments gone awry.
We are too. #aspergers : I am happy that #Parenthood will be back on Tuesdays at 10 p.m. in the fall. One silver lining.
UNC can't make a shot to save their life! #comeon!
I just realized that I have 666 tweets, so here's my 667th to uncurse my twitter
Fantastico. How about you?
Eh screw it back to bed I go
Tweet dreams!
So glad you liked this! Those posters are the best!
I just want to find my comfort zone...and watch Cable Guy
Some women just amaze me. Did it ever occur to you that some people might find you something less than delightful?
Beautiful Day!
Some niccas don't know where respect starts and bullshit ends!
In Class with Teenah :D
RT : Shout out to & for the continous love and support
Praying for Japan.
read thru for a feature that shoots in 2 weeks
1st gripe of the day: how hypocritical of Dwyane Wade to slyly comment on the Pacers celebrating yesterday. He's one of the worst offenders.
god speed.
Can anyone identify the feet featured in our Facebook masthead? They belong to a Northwest wandering troubadour.
My head cold turned into a chest cold....logic...none
#OneThingILove is a bitch who can suck, fuck & shut the fuck up .
Dear Niners, Please W-I-N today!!! I want to see you guys in the Super Bowl! xx
so don't wait. Be missional today.
I've never done anything to him but he treat me like I'm the enemy ... But u love me right?? Smh!
how long will it take me to accumulate 2000 followers? And what do I do with them when I get them???
It's not too late to sign up for Ballroom Dance Lessons classes start Tues Sept 1st. Salsa lessons now available $70 per person 6 wks class!
no plans yet for saturday?! Come on out to dirty tricks at 9 pm and follow us on our pub crawl!
if you like to wait a hour for a update and play against weak ass players online get a trey hahah
OMG!!! That is definitely a sin against fashion. (They do look comfy, though.)
Neither did Accorsi but even he made moves a few times that worked out ok, example Eli Manning.
Question: Does anyone get their carpets cleaned regularly by a professional service company? Do you tip the guys who actually do the work?
Did she have The Voice?
happy birthday! I hope you have an amazing day! Xx :)
Phins got schooled last night. Next up are the Texans. We haven't beat them yet. Doesn't look too good for us. Got to step it up.
Thanks! April Fool's Day. :) A redheaded boy. Adorable, naturally.
I'm forever yours, faithfully <U+266A><U+266B>
Sure will!!!!
What piercing did you get:-)
It's a quiet little tweet, but someone heard! Yay!
Pandora just played Tupac's Changes and Bone Thugs N Harmony's The Crossroads back to back.
Quarter life crisis is definitely a thing. I am in the middle of mine.
RT : last day in London Welcome back, Brendan!
We're walking chemical factories, the whole idea amazes me. If it becomes a reality, expect hobos to start disappearing.
heard you are going to visit us in #pdx next week! Exciting!
Just came back from my favorite band's show!! Way too excited to go to sleep! :D
That reminds me of the song "I Can't Drive 55". "What used to take 2 hours now takes all day..."
James E. Webb Internship Prgm for Minority Snr Undergrad & Grad Students in Business & Public Admin. Deadline Oct 1! Details on the web!
totally enamored of my Magic Eraser. If that's the apex of tangible nanotechnology in my lifetime, I'm cool with that.
I just love that our driver back to the airport does not understand English and doesn't understand roll down the window. Both it's hot r ...
#3WordsForYou Stop Playing Around !
the only good riverdancer is a legless riverdancer.
- Still finalizing. Will be posted soon. Nice to know you care : )
mixtape wats that?(: but i thinks its gonna be GREARRTT!! :D
There's more lawsuit talking coming from Reno City Hall. City Council saying Washoe withholding require payment to flood authority.
I'd definitely go then!!!(:
Expect a catch up call here this weekend!
hey everyone, very soon, ScanMan will have an #iOS robot brother: "Itchy", the bot behind "#Gamers Itch!"
Thanks for the shout out, guys! See you soon.
really don't understand why some people leave the ugliest and most heinous pictures of themselves tagged on facebook
If you want to be successful, you must surround yourself with people who are where you want to be.
There is no flavor of ice cream better than Rocky Road
Congrats Michael!!
Not getting off that easy.
Chris&tim made me feel betta about everything ^_^
im bout to go to the club while yall fussin on here
Go to contacts; pick your contact; press edit; then scroll down to bottom and delete contact. Viola!
Adobe's Creative Cloud subscription has been pushed back to May 11.
So excited about the work on the FSA-OWI photo collection, looking forward to building off it! Thx for a great event,
Lmfao RT : Dear food, either stop being delicious or stop making me fat. You can no longer continue to do both. - Love, Me.
shout out to she's so dam beautiful!!
i'm here
Advice offered to me tonight: "If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck 'em!" ~ John Waters
u don't look sad to me.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
Woo best game of all tonight, Franklin Cougars vs Coronado birdies, lets go Franklin!
RUT Hockey supports tonight at Promise Ball in San Antonio, TX
Tonight is night 1 of 3 that & join on tour. How's it going ?
whew! a day off to honor Veterans. tomorrow is our happy hour with corporate sponsors -- 5pm @ the Holding Company in Embarcadero 2
I want a German Shepard sobbadly I miss having one :(
Arsenal draws. Barça loses. NEED Rashad Evans to take care of John "Bones" Jones.
speaking of instagram I need more followers people!Better be following me
God is real. Today is His day.
We have had lots of success stories! What test depends on what you are looking for. See our DNA Wizard or call 8888062588
Yolo you obviously lack originality
Wishes I was at the Sav Stopover, and getting all pumped for SXSW. Next year. Next year. Next year.
this made me smile :)
feeling bummed -____-
U had them at "D train" : ) RT : I'm so excited right now I'm crying!!! The Client List just got picked up for season 2!!!
it's okay, I'm in love with that song.... Okay and Adam Levine....
"not silencing kids" - what is the reference on that?
“: Swear I'm finna beat Cortez tall tail , if he don't stop throwing !”
My new life motto: Handle every stressful situation like a dog. If you can't eat it or play with it; just pee on it and walk away.
Loaded Landshark. Best beer/drink!
Thanks! May your Wednesday be as lovely as you are.
I recorded it today
Great weekend - Opening day, The Toys and dancing, tailgating with friends, dinner and the symphony, easter with family!
RT : hi! Can a sick birthday gal get an RT to make her feel better? Please and thank you! (44 yrs young today)
Goodmorning Alex!! I hope you have a wonderful day<3
Ain't no one real anymore. NO ONE <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
offended half the staff with my "spunky old broads" display. changed broads to gals. any other #librarians have issues like this?
I did! That song is good. Idk why I never got into them, I think it was Jonny Craig...
Finished a love type song. Its only 1 verse & then the beat plays for the rest but it kinda gives a side of me not many ppl have seen b4.
You guys look good on the big screen!
who is she playing for ?
It's a windy day here at the Studios. #fantasmic will be interesting tonight!
Notice Dirk left the court immediatly. No interviews. no handshakes after being disrespected by lebron and wade
i love Saturdays you just get to sit around and do nothing .
you should look down from the booth...ha!
Friday Humor: Always remember, money isn’t everything – but also remember to make a lot of it before talking such fool nonsense.-Earl Wilson
I saw that same thing on Dimond!!!!! Bummed I already bought all the Mothers Day things cause those are pretty!!
yes absolutely.! Willy St when dowtown WF when in SW. RT : Doing all errands under ten miles by foot or bike.
The game, True American, that they play on New Girl looks so funny.
Win a chance to see me live on May 1st, 2012 only on ustream, by emailing me your favorite song that i have done ever!
please follow me i had to make a new twitter
Just told someone I "misplaced" something whilst my inner George Carlin yells "JUST SAY YOU FAKIN LOST IT!"
: So good to see you, hope to see you out and about again soon! :)
#ICantRespectYouIf you DISRESPECT God
I'm long for a swing trade. Seems ripe for breakout
Solo dolo too high
oh okay
me too, assuming I get this slide done :)
#What2ChainzWouldSay "Who'd give a fuck what id say"
Somehow they always ruin a good day.
Going back to sleep
My favorite part of yesterday's City Club of Denver luncheon... Denver City Auditor Dennis Gallagher's singing the Alfred Packer song!
Aw, shucks. Just helped a student via our chat service. Chat ended with: "thank you so much! as usual, the librarians at Langsdale rock!"
That said, I can't be entirely dismissive of the basic question(s) here. on the 3rd hand, I don't eat too many peas anyhow...
Having an amazing week! Worked on #TheOffice & my 1st voiceover gig on Monday & looking forward to what the rest of the week has in store!
Oh, another good one RT A6. Endangered animals
hi David, will take a look in a minute. Thanks.
Although I'm not able to go, I'm going to blow up #Twitter to request that ALL my #Twitterfriends run to see #RedTails this weekend!
Good lol RT : is that good, bad, or sarcastic???
Aw! Don't be nervous!! :D
Family Affair - Chuck Brown
(A)bort, (R)etry, (T)ake down entire network?
before the playoffs started, would you have said Marc is better? Pau had some tough games but delivered last night
If NY had not ponied up on War of 1812 funding: "These communities were facing the possibility of missed opportunities for 1812 tourism."
I though i wasnt going to do this anymore...
When we ride its cool. IM straight on you...BAMBOO
I'm doing very well thanks! And thanks for the stars and compliment.
Facebook users will never click on ads because there is no gossip in them. It's for friends. Always have to ruin a good thing w/greed
lol I know I wish we could have known in advance though sheesh
hm, i suppose that is probably in the "touristy" category. cancel that.
Happy international women's day!
“: im so glad I had boys. :b” boys huh, what are their ages?
bc ur doin so good. ur gonna b gettin a new house. (:
It takes two to make a thing go right. It makes two to make it out of sight.
i always end up unsatisfied ;/
Abundance is not something we acquire. It is something we tune into. -Wayne Dyer
On with new Patti Smith, Passion Pit, GBV, Pond, and Joey Ramone. Plus ? Bring it!
i'm happy 4 you. Sad 4 me. I'll have to check my squad out again.
Come try some of our delicious specials that Chef Louie has made just for you tonight!! Big City Tavern.... Best on the Blvd!!!
I really can't make decisions, they're so hard.
YEAH I AM!!
HEAD SCRATCHER! People of African descent allow the n-word to be promoted. Jews don't allow "kike" to be promoted at all. Who has the power?
needs more beak.
"and their white friend is very sarcastic and cool" (me, catching my acting break)
2. Yes to less hierarchy: hierarchy will begin to reinforce its own structure by hiring people to fill subordinate support roles.
ok why is Glee heading into a Lorena Bobbit-y type storyline?
by myself?o.o
oh! That's awesome. Thanks for the education.
#ThingsMyBestFriendsDo make me laugh :)
I'm interested to see what she sings tonight.
Praying so hard for you baby. God has a plan for you I promise. I love you so much. <3
All I Can Say Is PACERS!!! Wow!!
Finally saw #HungerGames and it was
Everything you need is within and around you. Search within!
What's the chance of rain for the concert tonight?
Welcome Everyone and Happy Spurs Day! Today @ 7:30pm the Spurs Play the Milwaukee Bucks at the AT Milwaukee Bucks on Yahoo! Sports - News, S
am fully allocated with $EPD. would consider buying more if price breaks down between $48 - $50.
Good luck ! might not even see this Tweet. ;) How's it shakin' in MN?
thank you :)<U+2764>
Please help cheer me after last night's game. Come see me at today at noon and say #ahwoomets! 18 W. 18th St NYC
when was Fuentes' 'Aura' banned in Puerto Rican high schools? Not 15 years ago in my all girls Catholic school. Thank you teachers!
Heavy heavy heart tonight.... Really praying and thinking for and her mom and brothers... Love you nerd!
Oops. Wrong tag! If you want to help me out, #follow !! My bad!
Thanks for the #FF sugar booty
Mine are 3 and 2. They get no say right now. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Accessories, what? RT rofl! My boys wouldn't let me do that...:(
not to be confused with meaningless which is a totally different word!
All my hip hop lovers listen up! This Thursday at 7:30 we will be having a class with the talented !! see you there!
Who is planning on joining us for #Thanksgiving this year? We'd love to have you at Grazie! 305.673.1312
you left at 7 for 'just dinner' but didn't come back till 11:15, that's why
Ugh the way I feel the last thing I wanna read bout is salmonella outbreaks
We only have 4 days left. Seniors - who only have 1 class day next week -are really struggling to focus right now.
even better! See you at the finish!
Thanks! Looks awesome. Going to install and do some testing. If I could persuade admin to pay for #lidar as coll development . .
And Garrison Keillor
Give me the Bells Seasonal Oberon.
Next step: Michigan schools to vote for age waiver for students with disabilities!! Please spread the word to administrators!! LetEmPlay.us
did you take your speaking exam?
going to get my shit to get a license next week. i need that asap
If a player prays after a great play, do they owe residuals to Tebow? Or does God get 10 percent?
"I didn't recognize you with clothes on."
thanks cuz....how you been
We need a #magazine interview our #publicist is slipping smh
After sifting through many Mock Drafts, it's easy to see the popular destination for C Peter Konz is the Baltimore Ravens in rd. 1
Truth. RT You know you're at a good place in life when you can't relate to Adele.
None of us were on that floor tonite!!
Any fear of Gas/Food prices? view "Welcome" video at www.downow.info I give 125 leads /wk enroll www.dowsite.info, my #'s on site
Thomas Dybdahl is amazing.
umm.... This is wicked awesome. You have a great story. Painful, but seriously a great testimony.
I remember when 69 was only a number and we could eat a banana normally..
no auto-save? which version of word?
Bouta go ahead and see what this movie's like
It was wishful thinking, you can't blame me for dreaming.
make sure to stop by we are tasting some amazing brunch wines!!
Moving stuff tonight. Yay.
Sitting waiting over an hour for blood work! Great way to start my Friday! Boo! And I still have to more appointments!
Last official day of classes. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
lol, I have one on my arm! What a coincidence.
Realizing it is Monday morning, blah
AYE ALL MY FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW DA HOMMIE ASAPER!!
I just received 3 texts that began with "Random Question" my friends definitely keep me on my toes!!!
Follow if you enjoy music.
From Foxboro to the Garden for game 6 of #Celtics #Hawks -- feel like I'm living the day in the life of
Who is the best rap artist today?
I need to date the Jiffy Lube staff... So cute
Not sure if Dirk was expecting a full 2 min of cheering. He seemed a little uncomfortable!
oh yeah of course- that pic is old last year lol
My lil girl is do evil when she wakes up..IF LOOKS CAN KILL. I swear I would b dead.
Jersey shore all day erryday! Livin the life right here.
movie around 7 or so. Text me if you're free then :)
didn't know you knew small world :) Reunion on the terrace soon? I gotta drive over for some fun in the sun!
I am having one helluva weekend -- Ugh!
Man I'm tired and there still a lot of night left
lmao can't blame you haha, I'm obsessed with thriller and Billie jean
Need the instrumental from "Forever On Some Fly Shit" x Nipsey Hussle, Prod x THC.
Fascinating how trust can be such a big issue in everyone's life and situation. Sometimes it's better to just trust yourself at all times.
keeping things fresh
Get me burnt!
like the QR Codes in Rembrandt gallery. Are people using them?
sorry!! I was at the store...it's crazy busy, I wasn't able to see ur tweet until now
Great! I'm really excited about it :)
some of the stuff on those wonka accounts are hilarious!
Tim Tebow vs. the Terrible Towel !
no they wont
Luv the new #linkedin 'People You Know' interface - except am denied a feeling of accomplishment by never-ending list of peeps I could know!
don't worry I did!
Follows for Tree and elevated tracks also.
Why is this day going by so slow! Omg
What is a boner
i need a life
Get ready for at Thursday! OPEN BAR 1030-1130pm & COMP admission on our guest list! Reply/DM us!
Something with a peplum, for sure.
By myself until Wednesday ,fucking wonderful.
Just had to let you know, I think your hat is AWESOME! You wear it well.Again thank you for the follow.
GERRY KEATING AND NEIL KAMMILLER TONIGHT 6:00 WITH YOUR MUSICAL FAVORITES!
At #smsportschat, excited to participate!
It was fun :) Thanks for all you do! RT : Thanks for coming to the show!
GOAL! Delaware converts on the PP to make it 1-0. Nice slapper from the slot.
Go get 'em girl! Wish I was out there raging it up with you! :)
have a lot of fun (: I might go to Defying Gravity today
For quality info and #mobile brilliance i choose to follow the tweets of
Not more universally agreed upon: Try to buy coffee with it. Anywhere. It's a commodity, not currency, though oft confused for it.
no one cares what I'm doing everyday so why act like they do by tweeting it haha thanks for the twitter blast tho homie
Ashlee.. I love u
Dinner conversation..."really, everyone needs a coach at sometime in their life." I agree.
Ready to knock out this day at work
Damn they look salty
My favorite movies are the ones where everyone hugs naked. But I hate when I need a credit card to become a member..
Thanks! :)) I'll help trend Happy Anniversary Mr and Mrs Ackles
THANK YOU SO MUCH
more drinkable than what?
you already know then ima hire jason as my barber lol
I've been sober :/ shit sucks
RT : Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good; his love endures forever. -Psalm 118:29
Cutting off social networking until I finally get a lot of music done. Had a long awsome night writing. Ill be back soon ;) god bless
Sometimes, life's just about the free burritos.
“: Justin Bieber could hit any girl. Aged 16 to 60...”
me too!!
I once saw a C&W diva gape in shock when not instantly recognized by a 1st-time attendee, but the WiFi meant we could Tweet it.
I need to talk to u soon...I have a idea..:)
What sessions are you planning on attending today?
dirt road anthem will never get old!! Great tune.
THANKS for following! Go check out the photography, very nice. Hire this dude for creative photos!
Someone play me in draw something trgill23
YES AND ... #Mitt #Romney should just quit and try to find a way to get some of his money back.
It looks like hot topic threw up inside the . Shoulda waited til later to come to this show. Pretty sure I'm the oldest one here
#Detroit gets a new resident, #Twitter boost. Thoughts? ? ?
#aintnothingsexyabout guys with pants tht sg half way down their butt
morning! everyone having a good spring break(if you are on spring break lol)?
Whoo Hoo!!!! Pedal tavern with our new friend Rachel All aboard!! Drinks on Derek!!
The Doritos baby sling ad just made me LOL
Inside, with no note or direction was a carefully bubble-wrapped piece of computer hardware the size of a blackberry. It was wrapped with...
Don't over think. You'll start to worry about stupid shit..
Its St.Patrick's day and its raining. A mint cookies&cream shake is a good way to enjoy it. :)
thanks so much!
are u getting my messages
cant believe i got outta that. swear, cant hate me. i rocked ur world.
Pipes and colons are your friends; separate content with those, not lines.
by the way, has he addressed his AANS suspension yet? inquiring minds want to know...
just be like "baby I'm sorry but... YOLO!" then chuck a deuce
I've used my heating pad so much lately it has now melded into my body.
44 teens at the Food Allergy conference! A record!
Vogue Paris April 2012 : Doutzen Kroes by David Sims ..<U+2665>.
My father is a spambot.
It was about time! Took long enough... RT Finally a smart move by Mr. Santorum.
Mickey Avalon, hustler hall of fame
Joe Paprocki will give tips from 7 Keys to Spiritual Wellness on WGN Chgo Morning News tomorrow in the 7-8 am CT hour.
Back fr. air sensors workshop. Every talk = 10 minutes. Last session = intensive discussion of concrete "what's next" actions. Good meeting!
Besides all this.. I'm missing my wife.. My annoying, aggravating, poop, asshole wife -__- <U+2665>
I wanna go to Buzzard Billy's in Waco sometime. I haven't been there in 20 years.
That prediction is bold as that tie/vest/jacket combo.
a lovely goal! Just a few bucks a day
well thanks<3(;
Visited the Lincoln Tomb today, on the anniversary of the day he was shot. Didn't plan it that way, but it was pretty cool to be there.
Happy First Day of Spring! Be sure to check out to start planning your summer growth in your garden!
Have a wonderful Friday night, wherever it may take you and in whatever you do. :-)
you can still fit it more fun Happy Birthday Eli !!
#IL and #Chicago politics are considered the most corrupt in the country. Nice.
Hi, my name is Devri and I love you! I don't care who you are or what you have done! There's a story behind everything!
Thanks for following! :)
congratulations on graduation! Come visit us!!
who the fuck were those guys ?
how was the print show?
took of my shoes, rolled up my pants, and walked home in the rain!
We're on guestlist
Ouch kind of harsh...be nice to
I wonder how many idiots are going to get high or say "HAPPY BIRTHDAY BOB MARLEY!" When its NOT even his birthday. #GetYoFactsStraight #4/20
Fuck Rush Limbaugh. He should die.
Much appreciated--enjoyed the follow-up ? suggesting the candidate(s) answer the ? after their campaign talking points.
Hahaha bitch fell down an elevator shaft
how many times are we going to get yelled at ?? Is this prgrm problems?or tim problems!?
im gonna change my picture o and.i know how 2 please u cuz i can do things gud i learned about it in a playboy that i found in the woods XD
Oh didn't see that lol
Steve Cherundolo and Hannover 96 have advanced to the next round of the Europa League following their 3-1 agg defeat of Club Brugge
brushing my teeth. And youu??
I've never been great at basketball but I'm fairly confident I could play for the Charlotte Bobcats.
Colin Klein Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Why are there fireworks going off in Miami? Am I missing something fun?
we don't know why it took us so long to find you, but thank goodness we're following you now!
it is b-e-a-utiful out =D
Eli earned alot of respect from me because of his play at crunch time and big games this season. That was alot of heat the 49ers put on Eli.
Taylor Swift you are Georges ;)
(; one of my hairs thinks your hot.
hello memphis
Me and my boy are about to make shit happen this summer
kinda like paint by the number?
and yet, we stay and we rep this lawless town HARD. :)
It would be great if you could do some video blogs! I teach gender studies and could share with students
Hopefully not forever! ;)
#Fistball Lingo: Fistball is the English name for the sport. It's #Faustball in German, and #Punhobol in Portuguese.
98 cappers posted today with 1 consensus on the Heat..Remember the cons. now 17-7 on fades..See ya @ the window
yeah, i know. saves time on the road, eating healthy, saving money, how many more pros could there be!
Holy Holly Golightly!!
So true RT : I've come 2 find that no matter the topic people tend to ask/answer the questions they already "know" the answer to
can you follow me back
Looks like gas is about to break $4 here.
Dear Comcast - F YOU
My eyes are tired of blinking. I need some god sleep
absolutely not.
we are on the same wave length, Debra.
Just about to Chris Andersen's house. #nuggets. Already have seen officers in unmarked cars.
Brace yourselves. Winter is coming.
11/11/11 - wonder what good will come of this day!
No i am goin anorexic Fuck Diet ! that shit dont work lmfaoooooooo. But i guess i ate something and now my fucking tummy hurts!
A Big Fat Greek Salad w a marinated chicken breast kabob
gotta love Sara :)
I keep my besties around.
only about 2 weeks left of school :D
Will you be playing in NY or New England at all this year Sara? I didn't make the PGA show and didn't get to chat with you
Thank you supporters for all the great food donations. Big thanks to Radio Rahim and all the bands.
you love it!
the problem w doing 65 hours of freelance a week: ce n'est pas une semaine. it's a long continuum of computer-busy.
Watching basketball always makes me want to hoop.
Andrew Yuck. I'm all about PAC 12 love but #idonlikeyou!
Prices vary by salon, but a haircut typically ranges between $12-$15.
Our Special Ministry Accepts Donations, and can be a tax write off for ya Be Blessed always. www.barefootdrumsofhouston.com
No awesome girl soccer game for me today.
Quit saying you're not perfect. You are IN CHRIST. And because He is PERFECTLY ACCEPTABLE to God SO ARE YOU! 1 Jn 4:17; Mt 3:17)
Thanks for the RTs. I really appreciate it. Summer Berlin beer of thanks is forthcoming.
In the lab wit da gingerbread man
Is still in a lot of pain :( a sprained shoulder is crappy, but pretty sure there's something else wrong with it.
Score now 31-26. Chargers lead.
one time we had practice during a tornado severe weather watch haha
goof morning miss free do have a good day
Storage space applications for summer/ fall 2011 due Friday, April 15th at 5 pm!
I call on President Obama to release Jonathan Pollard from prison -26 years is enough! The man father died today and lets end this saga!
Make sure to drink at least 3 cups of unsweetened green tea a day! It cleanses and rehydrates your body :)
look at the dictionary by #awesome u'll see my face!
What better way to make money on everyone's fears and nightmares
Sweet Debbie's Organic Muffiin Mix is in the works. Just waiting for the graphic designer to finish up with packaging.
Damn. It was a great season but nothing compared 2 future seasons & great prospects in the Panthers system.
did you know that marijuana can be paired like a fine wine? Try Sour Diesel with a fruity Red Wine.
Whats Ya Fav Line From Best PG to Center ?????????
I think it's gettin to be about that time where I take my talents to somewhere a little more northern
Click on the Profile tab on the top, then click Edit Profile. ;)
Come hang out with me at Santiago's in Yakima tonight for some music with Bill Brennen abd WD. Margaritas and 3 part harmony. Fun!
yep two dogs ahahah you
James Harden my second favorite player .
Today... Smile at someone you don't know! SMILES ARE CONTAGIOUS!!! :)))
Are You Rollin ??? Bitch I Might Be
He was unreal! RT : that cop from Orland Park was a douchebag! WTF?!?!
Slacker is the best internet radio....Rev. Timothy Wright radio
Today was just too crazy.
MY OPINION AND ITS FACT THAT UR BEAUTIFUIL AND GORGEOUS AND GOD DAMN SEXY
Jingle Bell Run this Sat Don't forget to take your reindeer antlers and your ugliest Christmas sweater :)
looking forward to seeing you mañana!
I love watching Best Ink
My future husband will learn the final dance from Dirty Dancing for our 1st dance at our wedding. I feel like he's gonna be hard to find <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
On my way to with LMFAO tix in hand. 18+ to party tonight!
Hi people I do not got these days because my computer blew
You are about to have a magical day.
I can play outfield, I can DH! Lol
It's a chilly day but we're open until 5:00pm. Don't miss your last chance to see the Margarita Cabrera "The Space In Between" exhibit. FREE
Blessed this wknd w/my Siesta's Touched by the Father, afresh, thru teaching ~ worship. xxoo
arguing with you > being with someone else
720am and 625pm we do it
I don't mind making jokes, but I don't want to look like one. -
stop being a twat.
Girl at store asked for a shopping bag at checkout but only bought bandaids. That's enough evidence to assume she's a total psycho right?
"Keep your head up, you look down to no one" #FavMovieQuote "Ever After"
smile, your beautiful :)
#MUSICREVIEWS Bombay Bicycle Club kick started their amazing set at Plymouth Pavilions with How Can You Swallow So Much Sleep.
FREE ALL AGES SHOW!!! Next Tuesday June 21st, Wheelies/Red Hex/Si Si Si play the GO SKATE FESTIVAL at 8pm after the skateboard...
Absolutely...looking forward to more
hello wanna chat?
I really hate notes so much
quiet you :P
My friend and I are talking about her fav! She wishes kim k would show her some <3 on twitter
me too, but I'm not the biggest fan of the way they get the scores. It needs work in my opinion
Cuttin' some of that fresh #P-Oh-Double-U tomorrow (aka #shedding)!
Just got back from Europe last night. Played three games of flag football today. Recovering. Relaxing. :-)
that's alright :)
Downtown Bellevue smells like the Nordstrom's fragrance section.
Families cope with loss after shootings
According to I SLEEP TALK IN SPANISH
To tell you baby It's you and only you and no one else And I'll mean it Even when I'm talking to myself
"Astrology should never be confused with astrologers any more than law should be confused with lawyers..." - Manly P. Hall
Someone stole my lunch...efffffffffff.
message me your number anyways. And where do you want us to meet you at?
BEAR Data Solutions Wins Cisco West Area Partner of the Year Award at Cisco Partner Summit 2012
lol sounds about right
#gop divides + promotes HATE. Party of all wrong values and party of the past. #humanright, #freedom, #peace #progress scares
CARRIE IS NEXT!
design cut no beard 30 not doing full hear design . 40-with beard or full head design.
FORGIVE ME FOR WANTING MORE THAN MEDIOCRITY
Thank you again
Make sure to follow I see u looking good.
cant wait for daytona in july. I will be there. Would love to go to dega someday
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus
I definitely have to agree! Obsessed with peach and cut out blouses
39 pounds of grain going in the mash tun. Who's #brewing #craftbeer today?
Hugo count: 5 out of 8
- Great Info as always Frank!
I just wanna be happy
in time everything's gonna be alright please don't be sad tho
": Halftime: Kentucky 50, Indiana 47." What a game! If it stays this close, I may need CPR in the 2nd half! Go Hoosiers!
blake griffin and pistol pete
WHOA!!! RT : The Bills just released Drayton Florence, per league source.
It makes me happy whenever you post mt lyrics..
Off to Harrisburg, PA. As soon as they fix the plane
Mariah too!!!
Thankful I don't live in a box. Happy Thanksgiving
“: Hard not to hate Time Warner Cable...no matter what creative they run!” switch to
#MoreFemalesShould stop lookin for love in let it find dem
I'm forming hate for everyone in this group tweet for not letting me sleep
Me: Mom when can I date? Mom: When your 18. Me: 18 my ah. Mom: What did you say?!! Me: Huh? Nothing! That's just how our Convo went.
Friday the 13th AND #snowmageddon.....should make for an interesting day!
OMFG THIS CRAIG MARTIN SHIT IS GETTING ANNOYING IT WAS MADISON ND COURTNEY MADE A FAKE FB WITH A PIC OF AUSTIN MAHONE OKAY NOW STFU
So you rly are gonna get tht ?
You know how the minute Valentine's day is over, red and white wrapped chocolate is 75% off? May 6th. Margaritas. Somebody make it happen.
You can call it Mile High all you want, but the stadium formerly known as Invesco Field will never be as good as THE Mile High Stadium!
Getting into the groove of a grey Friday here in
dinner was delish
Ive been thinking to much
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: no accidents to report yet on the roadways
You got a new appreciator of your art :) likes Gonna be Alright it's his style all the way
Happy 18th Birthday to my daughter enjoy!!! A grown ass woman now!!! Love Pop!
high five <U+E012>
I believe Mr. Goodell will drop one harsh punishment on the saints that will hurt them for years to come.
We are finally ready for sign up at: www.hyper-gate.com/
Update on last accident. Hearing may be 3 vehicles with RTD Bus.
happy easter!(:
Finally able to rest today......
oh thanks...we must definitely will
Shots? RT : Someone at #SOBCon should create a drinking game for each time somebody uses the word "Pivot"
RIP Maurice Sendak
hahaha that was so funny!
with him <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Just received good news today. Gotta put my talent to use.
In 1812, English poet Edward Lear, known for nonsensical verse like "The Owl and the Pussycat," was born.
It's all for today!.. Doing another 1 soon :* You guys make more question then True or False question. Love it <3 Hahaha. Xoxo <3
we tried siva! #TheWantedInWisconsin is too hard to trend right now :)
Good Morning.
ha! Just like Deb said, we'd be obsessed by the time we left.
When asked, what do you believe that no one else does? said nuclear power generation
Getting excited for True Blood
I know. Lost skill in this area
I've decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
If the police are going to check immigration they need to check EVERYONES and only when stopping someone for something else!
nahh your right. Keep being so awesome!
First Friday tonight! Burlesque Hall of Fame for a bit, a visit to my photo show (!) at the Arts Factory, and on to Blackbird! Whattanite!
Shit just got real
let the ink flow begin
I'm the professional creeper hmu tiffles
I need a wine sponsor. not personally, and not whine.... . who has ideas?
just finished a full intermediate practice, now getting out into the wild blue yonder w/the 1st stop, Govinda's.
Barry Zito is the worst.
U are Awesome!! :)
At the vet with gremlin Lola
lol. Yeah, was a joke!
happy valentines day boo <33333333 love youu
RT : On September 12, 2001, I don't think anyone could imagine this headline: "Obama gets Osama"
FREE PRINTING Business Cards with www.Rushflyerprinting.com
Keith Moon
I think we assume that parents' divorce won't impact kids nearly as much if the kids are adults, w/ families of their own.
SHAME SHAME.
without a doubt. DM your FB info and we'll get you in some DAC organizing
Only the educated are free.
Yesterday I spent 5 hours doing massage at a 5K event to raise money for various causes of 9/11 victims
That's right. You're leaving. You know any other bikers that might be willing to put him up for a night?
Does she work at a bar? I thot u were going to HH w/ her tonight.
My baby tore up my roses-__-
"whatever Dumbass maybe that's why your brother killed himself to get away from you faggot." <-- don't tell me that that's okay..
That ninja kick busts during his commercial is badass. If baseball doesn't work out he may have a future in Kung fu.
#FollowFriday because nobody is better at avoiding in person interaction :D
when should we have our Josh movie night?<33
I'm going back to 505
yeah mine is acting crazy. must be a bug.
How did the arena football league keep going?
's 'back in your arms' stuck in my head.
Ready to get bac make tht money.
