We love they have a music video out! It's so awesome!
Tomorrow's show is going to a good one! You definitely don't want to miss it w/ #PrettyProgressive on
just wish I could be in the bubbly celebrating with em
#ICantDateSomeoneThat doesn't make me laugh. Sense of humor is one of the most important qualities.
I am relaxing at a cuban restaurant in florida. Wish I was home instead.
I need to go back to New York for the summer
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind. - Buddha
We had a little proplem for released #GYHAB Music video! So..it's normally in 2nd April , i'm sorry fans <3
Jc can you please follow me
Congrats basketball on D-3 national championship!
Whew! We had such a great time yesterday with #WorldArthritisDay! Thank you, , thank you everyone that participated! We <3 u!
Was I one of them? MT : Just used to unfollow 337 who weren't following me back.
#TAS11 "language is important to millenials"
know how you feel.
This little white girl is terrified of every black person that walks past..and won't even sit nxt to me...Smh parenting today
Stupid fucking site bro
Ima keep my heart frozen till someone breaks the ice.
Random Thought: Never let your heart take you so far that common sense can't get you out...
Aol radio provides the dubstep I need to make it through the day!!!
I'm gunna write babe a cute letter <U+263A> later tho , in a few when hes fully asleep
Loving this bus ride!
Dont let burdens awake you.. Wake up renewed..
A tweet was immediately followed by a tweet about loving Huey Lewis on my timeline. Patrick Bateman approves.
Watching a movie
awww everything ok?? ill be around for coffee and chats whenever you like from next week =) <3
It sucks that you went today, only to leave heartbroken.
Watchin Saturday Night Fever! :)
well get and all of our twitterless friends to come to!
RT : Glamorous accessories and a vibrant colour scheme have transformed this bathroom. Take a look for yourself...
Are you going to be the main villan in the next Austin Powers movie since that how the 3 one ended .
Next Challange.. Speech towards 200 kids about success starting when you Dream.... Let's go!
Our new mural is coming along very nicely! Stop down & check it out!
lol not everything!! But I just got a little aggravated and I can't go to bed , I have to wait till my parents get home
Larger than Life
But it wasn't necessarily the "punk" part that he was linking to. It was the technology (cyber ~ steam). +
Bubba Watson wins the greatest golf tournament in the history of the world.
fyi... RT : The office formally known as the Office of the Dean of Student Affairs is now the Office of Academic Services
First day of work was good. Just gotta get use to starting over.
I have to be on set and ready to go at 830am so I should probably go to bed.
OMG i love 's shirt tonight!!
Some people can tell what time it is by looking at the sun. But I have never been able to make out the numbers.
I mean even if UK wins it all they'll just get it vacated, along with their season, when Calapari jolts to the Knicks...
Are you interested in follow4follow? i will follow back. Try the promotion site on my profile, it's free.
Some hashtag about "why can't I be black" or whatnot. Appreciate yo'self!
My back and 's back has been hurting from carrying our team on Halo all day.
uprooting the lies = uprooting the people who make it oh so easy to believe them, whether they mean to or not.
The chocolate helps confirm the existence of 'The Illuminati'.
What's good Tweeps! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I got hooked into Magic: The Gathering. Who else plays?
Trying to come up with a band name. I suck at this. Someone give me ideas.
Lady stop pinning and go to bed! You have a big day tomorrow! (I say this with love)
I've watched a lot of Titanic lately, haha
Grabbing something quick to eat than joining the annual Sunday migration to the outdoor bar
Any1 find a diet book in ur orange bag at the #aall11 West Party-bought it & bags got mixed up-next I need to find my pants from last night
and then again, from dawn 'til dusk.
Bout Time
Annex level...near Baba's.
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours. ~ Jerome K Jerome
Life without the is already getting me down
#ReasonsToLoveTexas = Janie's Record Shop in San Antonio. Great selection! If the recording still exists, she can help you find it.
Beautiful spring day. Sunny skies, low humidities, and highs close to 70. Chilly tonight though.
why a guy would want to smell Panties women set off a chemical reaction in us turns us into creeps
It could, but that would be silly. Their time has to be worth more than I paid for the room.
It is not possible to fight beyond your strength, even if you strive.
"let this (tactic) pose a challenge to our news media which is in crisis" #KONY2012 SOFAS panel
Will work on having the link removed today. Sorry.
Thanks for the RT! Are you into Emotobooks?
Your music has been on repeat for weeks! Cant get enough. Would love to see you back in Orlando!
not at all. it's technically thursday.. with no school tomorrow. DUH
Do you have your spot to bring in the #newyear ?
. Of course. I do not support the context that put them into the position of making that choice.
Andrew Bynum with a triple double, with 10 blocks. Absurd. If his attitude was better, he would be admirable.
Thx!! your book gave me a sense of hope...i know i keep repeating myself, but your book changed my outlook on MS research..
French onion dip is B.O.'s scapegoat.
best quote ever: "If your going to be riding my ass atleast pull my hair." hahahahahahaha! - from anonymous
Tyler Chuckles Ballinger, Comicon is going on before The Screaming O Club Show at THEE DOLLHOUSE!, can you run naked through there again???
/i am now unfollowing you skip
Well, here we are. We've connected online - how about in person? I live in Scotts Valley, and would enjoy linking up soon.
Not sure. No reason to believe there are more OR fewer than 4%. BUT 16.3% of Americans Latino/a vs. estimated 11.7% LGBT.
Jonathan, I'm a little worried about your ode to donkeys....
Exhausting day but lots of exciting #edu innovation happening plus got to hit up
Haha I'm cleaning out my balcony and there are ashes everywhere.
sounds like a plan! Can't wait to PUMP the brakes lol
Congratulations to and on their new life with a precious child!
Why are trying so hard to fit in, when you were born to stand out?
Not sure if I should be offended or complimented that someone thought a thank you card I sent them was handmade when it wasn't.
“: Who's team is it? Durant or Westbrook?” I mean c'mon son. Brooks is a fantastic player, but this is KD's team.
me, too, but better to know! Now it is a treat rather than a staple.
I would love WR, but then who is going to stop the Pats TE's? Run block? Pass Block? You trust Hairston?
Detained by border patrol... Smh
well keep laughing n smiling!!:)
I see, I doubt well get that chance though.
Worried about your upcoming job interview? Come practice with us March 15! Contact for more info.
I wanna slap the fuck out of this dumb white cunt.
Nose... its 2am... please stop running.
Think I have bin scarred for life
when you're in San Francisco, I'm going to take your picture.
Pft. Don't you know it's the inside that counts?!
most likely a TShirt Bordello TShirt!! :-)
LAX late night... Idk y but drives me crazy
I just really want to meet 1D this year. That's all I want...
Good luck JJ!
Brad Ross likes to "drop the gloves". But not with just anyone. More on at 11.
This can't be real
are you and Greg still friends?
thanks so so much!!!!!!<33333333333
we're a beer group for women. :)
RT : Pray to whatever faith you believe in for 's family right now. He's a strong man from a strong upbringing.
Thanks for the props!
Likewise! Have to do it again soon ;) RT : So much fun hanging out with and the gals!!!!!
Tonight's rainout means a guaranteed shot at seeing Derek get 3000 tomorrow. One way or another it's gonna be an exciting game.
: #WhileInARelationship with me if you cheat you die
Got to see Discovery and meet an astronaut!
“ #Libra loves a little romance. You can never go wrong with flowers.”
you should see some reactions when people's article ms. gets rejected...
"One is one's own protector; one is one's own refuge."
Oh No I Just washed My Sweater With Other Shirts && Its All Ruoned :'( I Love That Sweater && Its Only 1 Week New :'(
I'm reading Frank:The Voice by James Kaplan. Thoroughly engaging story and brilliant writing about Sinatra. Also get Gil Scott Heron's last.
looks awesome
Very nice gesture: Mayor Ballard and City of Indy planted a tree in Dan Rather's honor at Garfield Park.
Sounds like I have allergies, then, but I don't know what's causing it. Hm.
So itchy and sneezey.
Laying in the nurse listening to TSwift <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Looking forward to the Gay & Lesbian Gallery Tour hosted by this Saturday. Who else is coming?
beat me to it but happy day of birth #SKYHAWKNATION is happy to have ya!
Best of luck and please do (win one).
3 outs to Brewer win....Lets go
Nigga must be stupid -.-
“: Speaking of bad ass country singers have ya picked up my boy 's new single "How Country Feels" yet?” right???
Hilarious. ;) RT : Just told that I'm seeing HORRIBLE BOSSES tonight. Awkward.
oops just noticed I messed up the phone#. If you don't know the are code 210 then youd be confused. TryOuts# 210-558-6558.
awww that's cute!!
Given any thought to having a booth @ or sponsoring the craft pavilion at ?! Our Ninja-in-Chief will be there-Do it!
What is the class?
+u+twitter+like+on+facebook+xD+<3
"I want to put a ding in the universe." -Steve Jobs
At the hearing last monday bout equity the topic started with equity then ended with dreams?
did you get a chance to check out the website? www.stardesignsa.com
The communion of saints is not just a network of connections between people. It is first & foremost the community of our hearts. ~Nouwen
If a Democrat says 2 + 2 = 4 and a Republican says 2 + 2 = 5, an unbiased media must report there's disagreement on the sum of 2 + 2.
Reminder, *free* coworking with cool kids (www.koffeetherapy.com) in Mount Vernon, tomorrow Friday, midday!
"I wanna follow N'Sync" -
#Packers will be visiting President Obama on August 12th. It's about time they get that honor. Better late than never.
Guessing based on that list It looks like is number 2 tonight singing Jasmine Sullivan. Lets see if I'm right.
To everyone saying I should be happy for Austin: I am. I just miss Summer. K. Bye.
Hi Emma. Yes, I can give you an idea or two. dm please. What district will you be staying in? What kind of food do you like?
Please stop hiring #CandyDulfer to play sax...so bad...
and she looked at me in all seriousness & said, 'It's make believe Justin." :) LOL
Go follow
So sleepy.
“: Who pissed in Eric Cantor's cornflakes? #SOTU” how tempting to respond....
Great goal by Sapong, Rookie of the Year
Our comments system been updated and enabled across all Current sites! Log in and join the conversation!
I hate Comcast aka Xfinity... They are the devil... Ugh
Ur sexy and I know it(;
Keep it simple. Basically waht you have but with the ability to click on a location and bring up an image of the mural.
I'm prepping local lamb for tomorrow mornings Fox 31 tv spot. Talking CO food and CO wine for #DLW! Check it out at 8:45am tomorrow
. Well done, citing empirical research to correct misconceptions. And there were many.
Today we will be @ Grossmont College from 10 to 2 for the college's 50th anniversary along with 9 other San Diego Food Trucks
is going to pamper and for the #TXScotRiteAccessLux event. Might have to crash that party!
If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it's moving you away from your goals. Brian Tracy
Metta World....leave out the Peace!! You're still the same DIRTY PLAYER!!!!
no, YOU mean the world to US <3
Come a little closer baby, I feel like laying you down. <3
we're all famous on Twitter :)
Legitimate fouls on Collison but huge foul out.
I absolutely love my boyfriend(:
LMAO Ja Rule fell off!RT : I found a mix from 7th grade the other day and it had some ja rule, Brian mcknight, and old camron...
maybe its because im home alone& bored.
please make your website Pinterest-friendly. I want to pin you to my board "They've Got Swagger".
We have jobs for you in the Pittsburgh area!! Call today 412-645-6021 or find us on the web at www.trgcs.com/joinus.html
just realized this weekend was the last competition before nationals :o
isn't that what weekend are for?
A student here passed away on a jet ski accident and he was so young :(
Rise and
oh hell yes :D
*amazing* I have the tiltshift app & luv it. but how did you get a water mark on the image?
“: ... change your password and get that hacker out of your account!” - tell me how I can get a free iPad first
thanks g! This is good times for sure
Welcome, Synergy 2012 attendees! We hope you enjoy your time in our beautiful city.
At this point in the evening, I'd like my TV to do my thinking for me.
So, apparently, you can prostitute on Craigslist under the "Personals" section. Why am I just learning this?
message on fb before my mom gets home
Can there be a problem with your script not seeing such META tags as description and keywords? And DOCTYPE?...
Contact #sandiego #sales team at laurastomber dot com
Given their record, safe to say Memphis coaches didn't know what the hell period.
i'm not, mainly because of the time issue. though i often feel i should join for the prices and philosophy of the whole thing
Thankful that challenged me to get off the couch and run @ the Y. Well @ first I wasn't thankful or kind & kinda grouchy ;)
Back in the #RocCity after a successful weekend in NOLA for the collegiate conference.
Thanks! I tried the mud bath for the first time -- loved it. :)
Dude VIM is the best code editor EVER, period, exclamation, period.
probably just a simple cartilage piercing and I'll get the tragus a little later.
Is a "new" piano always better than a "used" piano? Share us your thoughts.
nothing witty? Are u sick ? Have you eaten lately ?
your hashtag this week is
i can't wait until school is over with....
My husband over here so serious about these Bears! Go Fucking Bears!
On the music tip check out Smooth sounds of R&B
You are the ONLY people I'm inviting, actually.
www.facebook.com/SugarfamilyStandsUp4Sugarland Any and All fans check out this site.
Well I knew I couldn't beat Brady. But I gave it my all! We're still gonna finish 10-6. See ya in the playoffs Brady!
What's the opposite of a PR? Cause that's what I just did at today's 1/2. But all this birthday love is making me feel like a winner!
God Damn You're Beautiful - Chester See
Will this damn pizza hurry up for the fight!
LOL Good to know! I really like the name "Natalie" and I've wondered how you'd react to an MC with that name! *won't do it*
How is it that I am ready for bed earlier on a friday than weekday nights?? Oh that's right exhaustion plus alcohol. Goodnight folks!! ;)
Linda McMahon is the only one that has one -
50% off at Hotch-A-Do, get it while the gettin' is good! www.crowdclick.com
nothing much honor buns haha about to chill with someone ha & u
Happy 4th everyone! Been taking a break from the #casino to do work Heading to #NYC in two days. Can't wait!
Now following u after seeing this pic in news. Thank u! :) Praying u'll help restore what H-wood has stolen from women! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Got to do better,life is too short...
Let's go Hawks!!
you know it
It is too damn early to be bumpin' shit at the pool. Man this music was nonstop all night.
Meeting fantastic educators like is just one of the many benefits of She's the fastest tweeter I ever met.
Happy Easter, everyone! Good time to remember the Savior and His sacrifice for each of us.
Well thank you! :) Everyone here is!
plzz follow me for my b day
go to settings and then account and then username :D *
It's Saturday morning...I pray everyone has a blessed day!
first of all answer the freaking phone!! Second, what did you change it to?!
That was pretty embarrassing. I yelled when I hit him. D:
And you wonder why i hate your ass, bitch. Fuck you.
My day just altered dramatically. Took an ambien thinking it was a claritin. G'nite.
lol. They Come Off That Way, but Taurus Look Past Book Covers. They Turn You On Like A MF Tho, but They Be So Confused!
you're the sweetest. Thanks Amanda :)
sent over a few!
lucky -.- im still int school
is going to wave goodbye to nine inch nails tonight!
I'm always mr popular right as my ass touches the toilet. *ring ring ring* shit!! *ring ring ring* SHIT!!
RT : I'm gone be up all night cause I took a nap when it was doing all that raining
U a simple hoe u a u a simple hoe
do u like the music
goal "a public library as public platform: fully accessible and repurposeable"
Got me thinking...
RT : RT : Yes!! RT : everyone staying up to help a sick friend
Elegance is the only beauty that never fades. ~Audrey Hepburn
I have my VIP pass NYG Parade!!!! :)
R.I.P. "Macho Man" Randy Savage!!!
Couldn't sleep, so I'm at the 330am showing of The Avengers in Times Square, NY. It's as cools it sounds.
My YouTube is MaggieKoolaide
Starbucks and Periphery = all I need for the 9 hour drive home.
#justlovemesexysteve? LMFAO. i love you, cheyenne. ha.:)
My favorite Beyoncé albums: 4 > I Am...Sasha Fierce = B'Day > Dangerously In Love
perfect time of year for a 21st!.....we'll send you a dm and go over options!...
u was creamated before birth wit cho black ass lmao
Pretty upset that lost..
working on my mixtape
So great to see the panelists in this session, since I have been following them for years.
Saving Private Ryan's Daughter
guffawed through the "Fart Scene" in Blazing Saddles with 9 year old daughter. She thks I fall prey easily to sophomoric humor. She's right
Hi Robin I wanted to introduce myself James Levine suggested that I contact you.
Weird, I just had a spammer not the same name, but close follow me like 3 hours ago. New spam technique?!?
I thought I've tasted heaven until I met fried apples over ice cream, Delicious isn't even the word!
It's hard sometimes knowing that I'm in college working hard for a career that's has no job security what so ever.
Now that I remembered again. Did the things I sent you still not there?.. Let me know if they aren't..
Turn Your Energy Bill & Home Services Into $$$! My company is seeking Ind. Marketing Reps, Work P/T or F/T. Flex Schedule. Call 832-429-8264
I hate when you're with your family
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Sometimes people do things *that* annoy us, not *to* annoy us.
I gotchya! Well I will still visit one day, one day...
#ICantStandPeople who think they're some hot shit.
no, actually your wrong.
stinks to lose it, eh? Oh, well... Onward! ;)
#DontWifeThatChickIf she don't work out
THIS JUST IN...The Brass-A-Holics will be at Wednesday at the Square April 11 with Ivan Neville’s Dumpstaphunk. Are you ready?!?!
dont know is a school project
I feel like there will be some Wade & Zoe sexin'.
I'll go. You know I'm a loser though haha
#CAN Snack!
Johnson still plays?
Food Truck Extravanza at tonight's #ButterflyEffect. Grub down with
We just won three Sofi Silver Awards for 2011.The Gold voting will be held at the Fancy Food Show this summer!Tks everyone for your support
Ramos is such an ass
that's very akward.
"Theatrical" is often mistaken for lots of sequins but for me it's a sense of choreography, narrative, acknowledging audience - D Rockwell
Western Conference Title Game 3 - 3rd period has begun. Tension is high.
This president just make me break out my West Indian accent at the TV! Hmph. He eh slick. lol.
It's strange to think that what I want is so different to what someone in North Carolina wants!
Why thank you!
I'm just bringing my phone and maybe a notebook. Laptop might be a bit much.
Funny, we actually have a print of that in our apartment. It's Brad's eponymous bachelor-pad touch. Hope all is well!!
'Hollywood is hype, New York is talk, Chicago is work.' - Michael Douglas
Thanks to and for having us out last night! Great times as always :)
well, other than Hamilton, it is a 1 run game.
#top100femalelies -- "It's cool, I LOVE sports."
I don't need help w/ my live game. I just need to stop drinking all night while playing & throwing a party w/ my chips.
#baltimoreredline Rally for transportation funding Maryland statehouse Lawyers Mall on Thurs Jan 19th
New title alert - I'm now officially Manager of Digital Media and Season Pass at I wish me well in all my future endeavors.
My wife and I love rumplestilskin/Mr gold on #OnceUponATime. We enjoy your acting immensely.
Kicked ass today thanks! ;-)
QUICK USE THE DRAGONREND SHOUT
Part of the allure of being a UPS delivery person has to be driving down the freeway with your door open.
Columbus obviously calls for sloppy nights for some people
Thanks for the referral, Lolly. Bret
I don't believe there's anything at the Bradley Center tonight, so parking is no excuse for not coming to
I can't imagine there's just one. What are the goals?
This time in two months I will be settling into my dorm at Kings College in London!!
Gas = wasted
To honor Macho Man and Christmas things both.
Krieger's experiences have made him the perfect candidate for this mission: to rescue Sebastian and return him to the castle at all costs.
Got the best purple line conductor who jokes the whole ride home
To labor intensive ...caught in the middle ....not disruptive..... $100/month is not small
lol yeah close to it!
laila!!!! are you coming!
gotta run reservations at le Chateaubriand await! post soon!
Sick day :( wish i could be some where were it doesn't snow in fricken march!
Bad day for Penn State fans planning to vote for Herman Cain.
Yeah, you know how the media works. Everyone over analyzes things and quickly jumps to conclusions haha.
I hope was reading that!! lol
thanks for the shoutout!
Come meet Laura Dave, author of The First Husband, this Tuesday at 7:30PM via Skype! You don't have to read the book in order to attend.
you better! :-p btw, I'm so jealous that your icon pic is prettier than mine. =-G haha! You're so gorgeous. God bless. <U+2661>
Never say never lol might tweet u a happy birthday, id love to see your reaction! :)
The Mother of Dragons has no equal.
lol what make it special
Darius Morris hits big 3 at close of half for Michigan .
NICE!! good luck with finals bro
Welcome Superps3mods to the team!?
my tweets are normal what are you talking about
Biz teaches us to cleave design from content. The strategy element is only just starting to reunite them.
Daniel Schulman is Chicago's new Program Director for Visual Art / Dept. of Cultural Affairs and Special Events.
Gone too far now,lol. smh
i feel old af
Stania funny , Adams ha
Jesus, thank u so much for everything you did this week two thousand years ago, w/out it, I'd be nothing
like that sucks lol -.-
Calling yourself an artist is problematic
just watched #LoveNeverDies the amazing sequel to #PhantomOfTheOpera Nothing tops Phantom but it was pretty close!
and Claire status
Tardiness / non-promptness / whatever you want to call it is SUCH a pet peeve of mine. Show up when you say you're going to.
I HATE her!!! Ugh! Theyll lose most of the audience! Happened to Alias! :( RT “: Here's link about SR & season:
Merry Christmas to all!
Women in the gym are nothing but a distraction...a distraction I don't mind one bit!
#MyPastRelationships are my past, fuck it tho .. new bitches always better.
Every semester I learn about some of the stories of students graduating from UNM and realize again how many amazing people are here.
RT : If I see anybody hatin on my steeler boys you will get unfollowed block & reported as spam <U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Phone conference with Cali Rapper Mick Stillz tonight. We're bringing the Swag Game to a whole other level.
need a Shorty.....
is at the world famous on Sunday 1/22. Hilarity ensues at 7:30
i will when i can! i promise. it won't let me rn. whoever she is, she's getting me tons of followers. lol. :)
the next Bachelorette? I thought she had a new boyfriend...
seriously! The door has been broken so they've been leaving it open, apparently someone took advantage
Heyy mr! I was just on thought Id say hello!! How you been?
shiiiid. Just got off stage. Lounging. Wbu?
The Sunhara #women #farmers are members of Self-Help Groups (SGHs), which are organized into village clusters.
: Women who inspire the spirit
So excited!
RT : Q1) How does your organizations culture influence your colleagues beliefs about learning?
Hey Chad! Nice demo reel you got there!
RT : Just watched The Interrupters documentary - 'Every City Needs It's Heroes' >> very deep
Dude, the Internet has gotten so weird.
aye!!!!! Thanks sis
Hats off to Josh Hamilton tonight. Unbelievable performance.
Really!!! Chic you are grown and I know this because you are older than I am!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
This guy invades my bubble
I'm sad because i didn't see or today.
Making some kim chi. I took a picture, but it looks like spaghetti from a can...
me either! i thought everyone had been have strokes or something
Or people in Bmore don't give a crap about hockey. Remember the Bandits? No? Exactly.
Amen, feels like it only happens on days when I have to work haha
I've never heard Hemmingway actually speak. But Sean Connery's voice keeps popping into my head, and things just get silly from there.
Y do i miss him when he's the reason for the majority of my problems.....
UGH! Looking at the highlights from the game, Markakis should have been able to make it home on the error at 1st.
I thought I figured things out and was back on track... but then it just fell apart again.
I checked out Learning without borders. I liked some of the links. I will definitely use some of the info next year.
Coming back home......
Most users don't care/think about which OS is on their phone.
I need velcro on my hands and the things i hold in my hand so i dont drop them, cause thats how my ipod broke and my phone.
if you get the USA one, you can be waldo.
umm, Eastbound & Down Season Premiere tonight 10pm
great GREAT film: in my top 10 of all-time.
i know some bomb people. =) i love receiving love like...everyday. God bless u guys
you in here too?
absolutely, odd as it sounds, I already look forward to running with my future child.
Just sit back, and watch the show
Highway rest stops should be called relief stops.
I never understood why women talk about guys, but in actuality they worse than them...
Your passion should always be greater than your problem...
“: Any particular amount? And do you take credit cards? I'm comin' for you, :) yes and yes
Each day is a day closer to what you want to become and pursue in life.
I contain multitudes. If multitudes = a couple beers.
what the.... lucky!!! Ha that's awesome :)
Visit our website during the month of October, and get $50 off any stock plan order in celebration of our 50th Anniversary.
Have a tumblr ? Tweet me your tumblr (;
The only limit to the height of your achievements is the reach of your dreams & your willingness to work hard for them - Michelle Obama
Here we go. Kobe, for the win. Thunder have a foul to give.
<U+2605> <U+2605> Bar/Bat Mitzvahs, Private Events or Weddings!!! <U+2605> <U+2605> We can help you with one small detail....or help plan the entire event!
I RT-d and want to say thank you for this chance to win!
haha, sorry. my vacation is about to expire and I'm practicing seriousness again; though, the 2 was the first usable one imo
#follow UP NEXT 2 MAKE A BIG IN-PACK IN HIP-HOP
a gaggle of unicorns?
Knock KnockWho's there !Annabel !Annabel who ?Annabel would be useful on this door !
yes! especially to potato skins! will be curious to hear what you think.
Thanks for the follow! I love your work, is that a pastel of your dog?
Happy Mother's Day All Mothers
I forgot how much I LOVE Macy Gray's voice.
“: ”shut the door
A) Popcorn
Thanks! And sadly no, I just couldn't afford it along with everything else that is coming up soon. Hopefully next year.
Ppl wearing long sleeves slowly convince me that I'm crazy!
Man, I can't make this up. I'm just reading along and reacting.
ANyone barebacking at Ramrod today?
I agree - I love the idea of "conversation pieces." Also, comfortable and welcoming spaces are important.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. ~Walt Disney
I love your new show! Brilliant!!
Props to for a great event tonight. Not every night I get to see so many old friends and pick up a goodie bag.
#Idol Hallie Day HAS to be related to Kim Basinger. Check out Kim photos from Cellular.
8/24 rally 101 G street, San Diego...send message to settle fair contract for grocery workers!!
Felt like dying ...if you're looking for a personal trainer in #Spokane this is the place to go! Love it!
If you haven't stopped by the pub it's no too late. Things are just heating up.
Sometimes I do wish I could be more like Kahlua.
Wow, that's awful. People are out of control these days! Good Job #LAPD in
Probably more than me!
COCO LOUNGE NYE PARTY GON' BE STUPID CRUNK TONIGHT!!! V.I.P. SOLD OUT AND I GOTTA SHOW OUT BRINGIN IN 2012!! IT'S A PARTY- IT'S A PARTAAY
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Nirvana - smells like teen spirit
Mavs can get rid of Brian Cardinal to to start
Like Paul, we too are “children of light” and filled with God’s good news. How can we show this light in our lives?”~RT
#WomenLieAbout how much makeup they wear
If I had cancer, would you still see or think me in the same way?
The church group I'm at the game with has no idea who #Kittenface, #NC17 and #Mitchapalooza are.
« DID YOU KNOW RETWEETING A #TEAMCHAOSUSA TWEET WILL MAKE YOUR FOLLOWERS GO UP.... #TRYIT & SEE FOR YOUR SELF!! #TEAMCHAOSUSA»
Hello everyone!
Date night ! Wine & Cheese please.
Why thank you rude ass gas station attendant, I wasn't having a shitty enough day until you had to lecture me on the credit reader.
Craving home made three layered caramel cake...
Not fair! I hate working these shifts!
she'll love to know that! She tries...
Peter Binkley: "The code is willing but the data is weak"
lol no i just have to save for other things
lol sounds good! I'll meet you at the film school at 5! I'm so excited to see you!
I think they look cute... D;
Beautiful pitch
I feel like I have a sub at least once a day...hm.
I would certainly hope so <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
It's so hard letting god have control of my life. I just try day in and day out to do it myself. Will never work that way
you seem to have your priorities lined up well. We can work on the running. ;)
My parents get on my fucken nerves like really mind ur bussness
Hey , any idea when power will be restored in 22205? I need to use my hairdryer! And my coffeemaker. And my phone charger...
We open at 9:45 Saturday morning! Hope to see you then
A triple Americano and Florence and the Machine makes for a better day than no coffee and hammering
you got a point!
Cyber Monday @ www.wsfpfoundation.org. Holiday deal - personalize your permanent message at WI State Fair Park
Note to men: mention Hockey and I'm yours
Thanks for the follow, great blog!
you know ima have to hear that accent one day right
Dang what happened to her?
Hubie got the fountain of youth in his backyard.
F u Charlie
Are you on Lisbon?
#Clippers F Blake Griffin not planning on defending slam dunk title during All-Star weekend.
Americans watching soccer look so stupid...kick the ball bro hahah
New Year's fitness regimes to blame for spike in employee absence Businesses hit as over-eager employees get injured
aw, so precious! You deserve them I am sure, love bug. Miss you! Xoxo
Much healthier choice than me: breakfast burrito! And since I'm in Wisconsin, you know that means lots of cheese.
Picked up the sport of Disc Golf a couple months ago. Love it... Anyone else play? Thoughts?
I already know when I have to do sex scenes in film/tv I'm gonna have to take a couple of shots before filming
Just watched a super lame episode of Buffy. But was in it for like 2 minutes, so I continued to watch it.
YES! RT : If you're going to fail, fail big.
is embarrassing me in front of everyone in this break room I'm #LOLing so bad....
What You See Is...#WhatYouGet!
for following. We'll be tweeting nxt week about a new collection we're launching with Nina Campbell. Keep your eye on us!
tragic I guess I lost ur number on september 4th a long with a lot of other people. My bad!
did u c the Avengers?
cc RT : "STYE" has invaded my brainwavves, !! re: ": NEWS: Toys That Kill release new songs
Why is it your business to know what i'm gonna do with my life. Ewww
Serene or Assertive?
Dunn played bass on Otis Blue. That's really all you need to know about how awesome he was.
lol! I had a blast! Thanks Dave!
The Supreme Court will take up controversial Arizona Immigration law SB1070 case next Wednesday, April 25. -- Deyadira Trevino ()
Is the glasses-free 3D laptop ready for prime time? - CNET
Trying out this new Rocktape for my shoulder and neck. Supposed help injured areas and improve performance. We shall see...
haha I wish
WOAH THERE TIGER
Thank you for the mention to follow and just being you.. You're amazing! XOXO Krisondra
Thanks! About time I look like my avatar. To attract Rails devs can you just put some cookies on your stoop, whistle then hide?
your a good man you know we wouldnt have anything if it wasn't for you
haha!!!! mabey i should change it to something where u cant see my face.... im not very attractive HAHA!
Dayshah is on punishment I'm mad at her
perhaps you are delineating the power of the PHI. Even if you have an audience of 12, it's still a dialectic.
#FollowFriday Thanks for the follow!
I swear Was just at the valet on Franklin with Matt Saracen. His hair is long and Curley!!
spoiled millionaires, it's getting tiring,
Who wants to go to vegas tonight?
Flagrant foul has woken up the crowd. #UNR now up 31-30 w/ 1125 left. Does #SJSU have an answer? The Rebel in me hopes so.
Hey how is everyone doing!?
Thanks for the mention - I'll be sure to check out your site! Please visit www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com too, thxs! Tammie
Damn, it feels good, but I feel bad for them maids, though ;)
The original Cinderella story will always be the best.
The distance is nothing; it's only the first step that is difficult. -Marquise du Deffand
The King, after throwing 28 pitches in the 1st has now thrown only 69 pitches through 5. Dude is good
hey, thanks for RT. and thanks for helping spread the word.
what a clumsy exit Palin made. Almost shrill and relieved. tee hee!
": tried out to be a Denver Bronco Cheerleader! He didn't make it though. #ProveAPoint #NeverGiveUp #KeepTrying"
I am loving your blog. You guys really "get" building product marketing and social media!
I've heard about ! Thanks for the rec, will def have to check them out!
What's yo status at the bank?
The Division 2 Baseball Selection show is sponsored by college golf gear. hm....
Auction/raffle for Haiti last night was a fundraising success even though I was outbid on that amazing Haitian metalwork
you will be I have faith in you. #ibelieveinnickbreezy :)
Omg me too!!! :o RT : At my grandma's house. x)
i just saw this. thanks girl.
So, how many people think that the media blitz for may not necessarily be a good thing?
Guitars day two. So excited--this shiz is sounding SICK!!
Attention August 29 Classes are Cancelled, the College Offices are open. Classes will meet as schedule on August 30.
everytime u get the chance grab the mike n say meezy this for u
New single Flexed up Feat Bo Deal & Shawnna produced by O.J on the way
Oh yes!!! I love starbucks
Btw I'm not a Linux zealot, I use the right tools for the job but come on people. No wonder real engineers don't take IT seriously.
Can you send the link into us? so we can enter you into our contest for the featured vid? Thanks!
Thanks for the RT Joe. I hope things are great.
why is everyone unfollowing mee? ill unfollow u too
My heart hurts... RIP RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83
#ndpl audience and participation workstream will make sure #DPLA is 'fun and usable'
He appears to b taken some responsibility 2 me (Regis) (show clips) etc.? i say dont put him on blast but thats me :)
Midwest Sees a Sand Rush: The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources rejected the petition, saying existing regulations addressed ...
This weekend is gonna be so god(:
Can't wait to eat some wings and watch football tomorrow!
Yep, you're probably right lol. You're not THATmuch older than me though ha.
some perv from school is gonna read this and tell the new ms perkins I'm a physco
#Bearcats just upset #Syracuse - Wow!
time to get my tailgate on at the dome
Thanks for the Re-tweet yesterday, I am trying to get used to a different app. and I missed your RT. Thank you!
actually I don't. But I'm hoping u come back to PDX and show me...
RT : This Scrooge story is obscuring what this product is
It just occurred to me that the last two weeks have been the worst ever. Not coincidentally, I also haven't seen my kids in two weeks.
Sounds like a good day for a ride!
Creepy but cute.
that type of dedication deserves a bonus!
I think I'll be the hippo lol
I was a big fan of the Clemson "half-throw while falling leading to INT/fumble to the house" RT "Sack-fumble" is the new pick-6.
sounds like someone had a good time
nothing really! What about you??(:
Have you ever had a day that just got away from you? Can it really be 2pm already?
We are looking for several of our Prize Pack Winners to Feature on New Country Star! E-mail your photos to
Demand and Supply....
are you hooked yet?? This judging on this show is so hilarious!
thanks so much for the follow! That price on our website is the sale price already but I have 30 others here that u can use on!
Buford needs to keep it going for buckeyes to get back in this
there weren't a whole lot in my genre of reading (er...YA, ha) but thought maybe they were other Tweeters' style =)
I hate it when people try to fight me on my political views I am like like STFU
Clemson&#39;s bats exorcise Atlanta demons, take series at Georgia Tech
i meant same episode man....
Reggaeton singers are so ugly
Observation on life: Candid dancing pics should never be allowed.
Lucky Lounge {209 W 5th St Austin Tx 78701} Starts at 9:00 P.M
#Martin, A Clash of Kings (Song of Ice & Fire #2). Added myself to the long hold list for ##3-4. I seem to be committed.
fuck you if u had me
Thanks. You've certainly given me good dream material. :-)
RT : #MLA13 PANELS ANNOUNCED! HULK WAS WONDERING WHAT ENGLISH PROFS WERE GOING TO READ TO EACH OTHER IN JANUARY! /haha!!
On my way to homeroom with AT: Emily :-)
#iamme omg its trending worldwide <3
: I like Scribd: u can point people to the URL or u can embed them in other site, good social media and tally features
You are welcome
all relationship goes thru it
#ghlive Finally see a person with a light now. But where did it come from before?
Actually awesome :3
Couldn't find the RTE lite app. Where?
lemon juice/water is the best. That's my drink of choice. Have a great workout
Remember the important correlation between what you think & what you
It might be time for my semi-annual caffeine detox.
Well done tonight you are one hell of a trooper!
Bo rain!
This lady is a bitch and needs to shut the fuck up
Tonight 2 Pony Up! and 2 Coalition (ryan's side project) songs on "Punk'd"
very nice seeing you and thanks again for the intros! Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
ONE MORE DAY TIL THE HOUSTON FLAMENCO FESTIVAL! (can u tell we're a wee bit excited?)
thanks :) we're really proud of it
really? Hope you had fun!
son is mad lmao
Hey, guys behind me in study hall, could you talk a little louder? I would LOVE to hear about your plans to go buy an iPod tonight. Oh wait.
well I know a couple from Wed and Tues. They haven't put todays up yet. The weekends are the best ones!
#Socialmedia is most powerful when used for direct connecting, not just posting.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
Your Miami/Dolphin Mall location has the worst customer service imaginable. An insult to Samuel Ashkynase and his legacy.
If you're really doin it #Big we'll see it before you #Tweet it! Your zip code is the same as err'body else... #weedropweerock!!!
listening to tonight tonight again!
Lol I shit when I saw that video!! He looks just like you now that he cut his hair!! Gonna go see them next friday!
it is okay haha i hope you get your period
gplus, facebook, everywhere, SUCK IT. Twitter is win. Twitter is communication. Twitter is the movement.
gm terri and friends
and use "like" in every damn sentence
I am better tdy :) Ah Lauren u crazy alcoholic, Night!!
WHEN IS ARETHA fRANKINS rEVIVAL IN dETROIT
perfect. I use Shakeology after workout. You should consider it, It's really quick and has everything in it.
Just watched on Letterman. I was really impressed.
USA! USA! US... anyone?
RT : Hearing college students thank for bringing financial literacy to the community makes it worth it!
its not foreigner without #Lou Gramm!!!!
Want to learn about managing your research and bibliographies with Zotero? Join our workshop today, Research Commons 2-3...
Life is fabulous in Pittsburgh!
wtf get outta here
In an environment where privacy and breach mud is on every provider to some extent, only Google still looks clean to Joe User
I use my sharpie lip line...": I blow besos #muah"
Just listening to beats like usual. You have anything you would like to share with me, feel free to tweet or inbox me
ok just checking cause Curtis will be at football practice.
Pointing knife at penis, "I can kill you now or relieve you of this gift. This black gift."
I knw that's right girl. He is fine.. I'm like that bout
I'm coming back.. Lol :)
In an effort to align with more rigorous children's dietary guidelines, Macaroni Kid is changing it's name - going forward we will be...
Good Fight!
So it turns out the Big Blue Bus is pretty awesome and gets you everywhere you want to go (so long as you don't go east of the 405).
Tebow hands it to Ball and He gains no yard, Tebow tryies to Rush and Ge Doesn't Gain any yards. 4rt and 9. There going to kick a Field Goal
RT for your chance to win a pair of Orlando tix!
Why do all of these old white guys look so cranky?
Somebody said, "I like Selena's song 'Billy Billy Bomba'" NO.
as a butler grad... Saying we had a ton of talent the last two years takes away from the beauty of it all
Great talk yesterday! Unfortunately, it made me rethink much in my own work on reading & the body. Eek.
Central Park Standoff Kisses!
This. RT : A good ad man doesn't sell you cola. He makes you thirsty.
Awww. Well I was never the same after Alex died. So sad :(.
R.I.P. Dick Clark... Cultural icon and slice of America passes from the scene. New Years Eve won't be the same.
How do I design an app like ? SO RAD!
Put your boobs away, get your ass off the sink, put your middle finger down, respect yourself && then see how many guys will respect you.
Espresso by Design is a great place.
Tonight on Metrorail - A random guy sees me in red jacket and says " tell your team to keep up the work brother."
Thanks for listing me on Follow Friday! You've got a great account & I'm honored to have been mentioned by you. :)
#np without you - chris brown <3
My god we now have a 15% poverty rate in the US... 1 in 6 ppl... highest level on record... banks are making record profits
Hanging out with a cutie tomorrow! I said HELLO!!!
It's that time again! The BridgeTEFL Tweetchat starts in 5 minutes. Send us your #TEFL questions and stories!
Tired of idiotic policies getting in the way of technology as efficient tools for the job.
No problem! I feel your pain! Finals are killin' me! So close to summer! :D
Saw Nashvegas and I knew it was you.
I fuckin HATE reaching any kind of customer service where English isn't their 1st language. What tf do they be saying?
On My way to set up for the artshow 41 Murray street TriBeCa Ny see you there!!!! xoxo-Rabbit
I am so blessed....and more importantly thankful. God has been so good to me and my family.
I see thanks!
I sent #oomf the cutest 5 page text & since he's an asshole he's not gonna text me back.
“For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.” Judy Garland
My nephew is here!! Yay!!
I didn't! Hoping to see it this weekend. Did you?
Dean: "very little substantive difference" between Romney's HC legislation and Obama's.
No sleep + sick + dentist + finals = Worst week ever.
when did #mubb get this "Caddigan" guy? Can the announcers at least learn the names of the starters?
He is so confusing?? Goodness
my hugs are kind of awesome
7/22 is my birthday. Beyond excited.
#moneycantbuy my love of opinion (;
God is real no doubt about it
are hostels downtown a good idea or no?
you still thanking him
I have missed u so much, I love u :)
You are welcome and you too, Corey!
Any cool events happening in LA?
James Franco's NYU Thesis Film, staring his bro, will be at NY's IFC theater 4/27. First student film to get a theatrical release?
Not trying to be snide, but how do you expect to get to stuff we purchase, if don't even look at library site? Promotion failure somewhere.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK YOUR AN AMAZING SINGER
well i am tried so i amgetting off bye!!!!!!!:)#24$
Nice UK wildcat shutout by
LOVED Jekyll & Hyde - Why does watching someone go bad feel so good? Same question applies to every "Real Housewives of..."
RT : With less than 24hrs to go before #ISE2012 opens over 800 companies are putting the finishing touches to their stands...
Has anyone heard about the LMS called MindFlash? I'd be interested in opinions or information. Thanks!
You mean "IS" and thanks! RT : us my mentor for Guys & Dolls...SWEET! Thanx coach!
I have a reason For EVERYTHING I DO
#FF , for her paintings are extraordinary!
You got it
: It's Game of THRONES! Hahahahahahahaha!!! I just got that!!! Hahahahahahahaha. - I'm in for a kick... ;)
good morning, twitter world.
Purchase #Tucson #Foreclosures Worry Free
Shopping then heading up to Millinocket aka the boonies
Taking control of ME. Wish me luck. I'm a handful.
march had way better temps for riding outside than april!! how was the run??
Oh the biz side! You can make any deal you want if both sides agree. Usually, its 50/50 no matter what the contribution.
Do you have a bio? That would be presentable for sending out with your press release?
is trying hard not to fool you today
It's an amazing feeling to walk into a with no line. It's going to be a good day.
Okay .... I. Heart. You ... Come To Ohio Pleeaaassee .<U+2665> P.s. I'm Eating Gummy Warms :PP<U+2665><U+2665>
You're Invited to a Charity Trunk Show at The Hamilton hosted by BVEN Boutique. Mark your calendars! March 9th. FREE ADMISSION...
aahahaha oh nice and its really not that hard to work it
Will be open on Saturday from 11am to 10pm, we will be open on Sunday regular hours.
I had a pretty good daggum day today! (:
CRASH: I-205 southbound @ Gladstone exit, left lane blocked, backed up to OR 224
Driving around looking at Christmas Lights and listening to Tell 'em Steve Dave Christmas. New holiday tradition started.
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
at the same time I wanna leave and then I wanna stay
ANYTIME! THANK YOU!! :-) “: They were so yummy! Thanks again for the generous donation. They were quite popular!”
- Hope you feel better - You must hast bumped into bknoll in the last few days as he is out sick as well - Take Care
The Voice--Cristina and Blake let go of the WRONG people. What were they thinking? So disappointed. That's why I stopped watching Idol.
Lets get #1Bitch Trending
bright eye's fevers & mirrors seems like an appropriate soundtrack for tonight
since is taking requests i would want to see a canadian destroyer into a sharpshooter. Call me old fashion
Just waiting for on the corner.
limited edition.
Someone should text me :)
had lots of fun at his Chinese meetup this evening even if he didn't speak much <U+4E2D><U+56FD><U+8A9E>. Then it was off to the Japanese-only meetup. No Engrish
Wat about all of the American or even Canadian like jb who we gave you please don't hate American fans we love them too
I might be missing the meeting next week ): it'll be the first one I've missed. Ever. Not counting the 2pm ones
Im not an extreme couponer, but... Mcdonalds packets of coupons and freebies makes me really happy.
None of my friends watch basketball man...forever alone watchin the games n shit
Thought it might be appropriate to tweet that my Twitter class filled up in less than a day.
And I just drove past my moms street on autopilot to house....
Saw Paranormal Activity 3 at midnight last night...it's one of the best scary movies I've seen in awhile. What'd you think?
To do something you dont want to do, Press 1. Another thing you dont want to do? Press 2. The thing you actually want to do, Press 87
Thank you so much. Means a lot to my family! We need it back!!
Im Just living the life!...
I've got less hair, fewer eyebrows and less backpain than this morning - #gratitude for hair stylist, salon, and chiropractor.
I don't usually have that hard of a time believing that it's not butter.
i need to stop being a retweet button abuser and come up with things of my own to say
man I just saw you profile pic in Lens Crafters the other day looking around. Congratulations!
I fucking hate this house..I literally fucking hate living in this house...my death will probably include a heart attack in this house.
In Tears Early In This Morning!
St. Louis (MO) KSDK: Agreement reached between Anthem and Tenet”
Thanks for the shout!! RT Full-service Film & Video Production Laboratory, Factory & Menagerie of Curiosity.
My battery is about to die already!
The will to win is important, but the will to prepare is vital.
Mandatory evacuations have now been ordered, according to a #LosAlamos resident.
yeah, it has more control over editing but it could use some UI tweaks. Prob confusing for those who don't use photoshop
#TwSIG in a browser. Fascinating to see which tweets show up.. and why. Harvesting the real time web is an analytic.
Lmao, he funny :D
The next 100 people to follow will gain 350+ followers! (he has 69,000 + followers & can get u them within minutes
Follow my other page
I prefer WordPress over Joomla. My clients prefer it also.
o what happened and lina said ello
thank you for the RT :) Have a great day!
you are my idol and you inspire me a lot :) <3
I think we should start a new trend guys,
To all #SBWF patrons I will be accepting your unused tokens! Just look for the guy with a black beard and a SNOB shirt.
God u hare fanny pak RNG FOR THE WIN
both equally alarming. this lineup will be abysmal when kemp comes back to earth
Six years, same as you! Yay! :)
What made "Pitbull" the global iconic superstar that he is? I mean the man has SO MUCH talent, like lowering his glasses...
RT : Worldwide tour of satire with
God, that's the worst! Where the HELL does lint come from anyhow? It's so not SEXY.
Yes hahaha i loved that!
are releasing for #Android tomorrow….for free!
Good luck to all #UMW students as they finish up finals week today and tomorrow!
GET 's NEW SINGLE 11:11 TO TOP 10!
Lol yeah pretty much But it's okay At least you don't give old ladies heart attacks when you bark at them
Sometimes you just have to watch the broken pieces fall to the ground and walk away, no matter how much you want to fix it.
Thank you!
Don't miss our next event at Cabana Bar on July 7...come meet and greet and get some sand in your shoes!
WTF Comcast? Modem is not working and I did everything the tech asked before I even called and in half the time. Still broken!
Now you just need Google+
Took a walk and some sandhill cranes relaxing in the shade. (I tried to take a pic with my phone, but it came out too dark)
Man #nfldraft movin fast!!!! Good players gonna be avail for #dabears no doubt!!! Cmon emery!!!
I just added my voice to #getmoneyout of politics via #topprog www.getmoneyout.com
I kinda wanna go over there....but I'll just wait for now
I am not sure this person will have a car immediately, that is the only rub!
cool cool. so far 2 for solo, 2 for duo.
yes, among other more colorful expressions of the english language. :)
Really excited for cover art !
Hello from the Modern Royal Ballgames program. We'd like to have your kids play Pokatok one day. Let me know when...
strike one on new, big project at work. what gives?
These tobacco commercials trip me out
The real world is not fun. But at least tomorrow's friday!
Watching "Martin" on TVone
At the crib telling your girl we should order in lol
So, how many of you have started gardening? This weather sure makes it difficult to resist!
You are awesome! Thank you so much for all of your service to You made a difference!
I know the feeling! I just want carbs :( RT : I have a massive craving for cake <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
So hard to explain the concept of Twilight to Marcos . He doesn't even know what it is ...
well he also left his garbage on the counter. Just throw it away.
Naw not on Tanisha u saw it wrong .... hopefullyy
My eyes are fighting me this morning.
klassy with a "K"
have students using Viewshare for projects in Interp of Artifact in Age of New Media, a little iframe wonkiness but great tool
The Catholic theologian Mary Daly died on Sunday. She wrote, "for a woman...'to be' in the fullest sense is 'to sin.' "
You texted me late, now I know I'm on your mind when you go to sleep ^_^
We had a great time! Thanks!
I was really about to tweet what tweeted! Ugh girl problems <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
and karaoke of Tom Jones
ouch. Sorry that happen to Kota a month ago :/
I got on that Metro train @ Woodley... They had some dude manually controlling the doors from the back of the second car
I'm going to crotchet and bake my way in to your heart
watch tv. www.aaron.tv
and me are all #nowfollowing #Follow them.
You are welcome!!!
buy cherry a shot of jagermeister for me. i'll pay you when i see you at world dom
Gotta make my next move my best move
You never reply to my tweets :/
Just yelled at my husband to not get me anything for Mother's Day. Yes, I'm complicated. And stubborn. And drunk.
still looking for that ledge!! All I could find was a bush pretending to be a ledge! Lol! How is it looking this morning?
I've used something different with each of my kids. I'd be interested to hear ppls faves too!
RT : I'm scheduled to be on NPR's Tell Me More today to talk about Amazon's Price Check app. Check your local listings!
"Leaders aren't born, they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work." Vince Lombardi
no your not!! You are really pretty!
Gotta love Joel Ward!! #BlackIce Caps, Caps, Caps!!!
Right back at you Cant say enough about your continued Support!!!
I HAD CHIPOTLE FOR THE FIRST TIME TODAY!!
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)29
oh wow. there's blood. ow. oh Yoda.
The down&up for today: Down-shaved my head developed sensitive skin rash like when shaving down there,have 2 wear hat Up-got a part time job
Looking for examples of short Flash videos (1-3 min) explaining a new product, ideally developer-oriented. Any favorites?
HOLY SHIT NEVER WOULD HAVE GOT THAT! jk lol
Attend this Wednesday for a series of inspiring 5 minute talks. $5 admission. 100% proceeds benefit
Did you wear that shirt every day?
Hi Carla! Here's our handle!
What your Favorite Celebirty Hairstyle?
Thanks and for the informative call 2nite!
For Every Go Thru There's A Testimony!!!
classic! Just saw this one!
no no no no no!! Your body is a wonderland (I lose myselllffff), your body is a wonderla-and!!!!!
Can't wait for tonight's episode of
Nice! What's the fellowship for?
Learn that my self. I dog a hoe out but she call me bout everyday. but when i try to be nice to somebody they try to hurt me and shitt
thank you for planning a great #itec11. is looking forward to our sessions!
I'm the type of girl who puts on her better smile, her better outfit, and better attitude, just to show him what he left behind.
Go Girl!
#ro12 Rouge Orleans! The only place to be!
ha! Tell us how you really feel :) (exciting huh??)
They traded Fisher
Don't FB, Google, Twitter, etc have some sort of QC to prevent shenanigans like that?
So far, best buy has my vote. Nicely done.
#RHOA Get ready to get her together
Jordan!! It's my birthday! Will you please win me a happy birthday?! <33
a shame, because you're a good mom.
missed your #solarchat :( Heard it was great as usual!
or, should I say, Lankiest Hawk
S/O to for being there for me! Truly my #bestfriend!!
I hate to hear that hun:( My feet have been hurting but other than that ive been ok. thanks for asking :)
Hm should I make a scrap book of fan girl moments and send it to austin? Maybe like a collage will be easier :')
Ick!! Vitamins taste disgusting!
I need to know the rest of the stuff on the test since I missed class!
Samuel Belisle did not show for the meet and greet
RT if you are ready for #summer!
Thanks for following! Blessings and Joy! :)
White boy can't hold Jones!
I really need a practice session from someone.
or maybe it's maybellen
OLLU SOFTBALL: Saints beat Northwood 2-1 after KB hits a walk-off home run in the 8th inning! CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
Nanny Brittany time with Zach and Gigi!
Some of the laptops allow you to change the keyboard and cover lights. Send in the idea.
Winning and grinning on a Saturday night!
Excited about the Google/James Cameron led asteroid mining project. It's about time rich people did something cool with all that money
yeah and no no no i obviously suck at spelling RED WiNGS SUCK
Drop what you're doing right now and go take a look at tonight's moon in the iPhone weather app
thx for the tweet. Meant to tell story in class but forgot
If you've ever uttered the words.. "There's too much Beer and Pizza" - And done so in aggravation, I'm sorry, we can't be friends anymore.
Hey , Been workn #pres2028 campaign at beach. Feeln momentum growing! Sev new voters!
the disney XD commericals were they stay go out and play im just like ugh....its too early and and its cold :/
WE ARE UP TO 230 LETTERS!!! Please keep them coming!!
Trying to cut back on worktime lunch money spending. Today will be my White Eagle visit for the week.
cool. Just found you guys yesterday via and am very impressed.
girl open wide, you feel me kissing on ya thighs,look me in the eyes, ima take you for a ride
RT : "Bitterness imprisons life. Love releases it." - Henry Emerson Fosdick
i love that discount lasers are the solution!
Would you like to be an APA Featured Photographer? DM us or email .
I'm friends with Rayden...she didn't invite me to make food! Rude! Lol
Lol Gaby it was SO weird. Omg, I was like... "How pathetic".
The hell with this 930 game smh....I'll be out by halftime
Beautiful day in santa monica. :)
My body hates me.
Did you look for gifts that were made in the USA or produced locally this year? What companies did you buy from?
Is the rain ever going to stop here in NY??
Final week of "The Radical Camera" Amazing exhibit. Look for an overview/review coming soon!
This is not a good feeling....Lord please give me direction.
The rain =
Hair cut!!
after just listening to a Live song, i think my brain almost exploded from a mini flashback.
Yikes Nunez....
It was Doug/Kyle
In The Cut ,In The Cut Rollin Doobies Up
I'm thinking that next Halloween, the only option I'll have for a costume is Ugly Betty.
Happy Cinco De Mayo(:
Salsa tonight at Retro!! 1518 McGee KCMO $1 shot specials and salsa dancing all night!!
Or, "No, I said 'right' ventricle. No! Your OTHER right!"
Hope everyone is enjoying a nice meal with Family today
LA rainy day = visit a museum or gallery. We're partial to LACMA's #PSTinLA exhibition
BAHAHAHAHA! UL fans are getting all butt-hurt over UK's comeback win against MSU! Really? REALLY? LOVE IT!!!!
I wish someone believed in me.
TYVM! Glad we have connected!
James Brown is a God.
RT RT : Facebook is for friends that are now strangers, Twitter is for strangers that should be your friends
That's weird...
i got you
With this crazy traffic I should've learned by now to pack some seeds or candy, bread or at least a rubber to chew on #StarvingChipmunk ...
We don't-She should donate her profits to charity from her fake wedding RT : I miss my sisters while they are in Australia!
Does GW have a science requirement? I'm not in touch with such issues. Anyway, enjoy!
Attorney Jeremy Levinson files complaint to get 6 "placeholder candidates" kicked off ballots. If successful it could change election dates
I'm independant.
yes and mostly just for you :D
"When I was younger I could remember anything, whether it happened or not." -Mark Twain RT
Saddest Desperate Housewives ever! Mike dying breaks my heart :(
haha!! Gotta love em! That'll be us someday trying to control our robot servants.
had to send the first run back because the back Logos were never printed should get fixed up this week sorry for the wait
Ordering parts to build Buddy Bike Sport equipped with NuVinci N360 drivetrain for 2013!
hey beautiful, happy new year! How have u been? Updates updates lol
6 days till spring ball
You stupid bitch. You messed everything up and im getting blamed cuz of your mistakes. Ugh thanks alot.
Guy who wears a cowboy hat and clicks his heels on the ground through the hallways: you're in Texas, that doesn't mean you're a DAMN COWBOY
Can exercise damage your health?
Brendan Schaub still doesn't know what happened, and I'm not sure I do either, Big Ben with a perfect left hook outta nowhere
did you get your car fixed?
Rehearsal, SoHo with , and our grandparents come in today :)
Just finished up my first night on set of Can't wait for more tomorrow!
wine in hand, dinner being cooked for me, Billie Holiday on the stereo...can't get any better
thanks paul, we'll get this expedited through our customer support department and have someone get back to you asap! :)
Starting to go through a big #mental change. The change of #accepting ones
In the movie Friends with Kids, all of the baby actors are wearing an abhorrent amount of cheek blusher and that really bothers me.
I sing along with your guitar solo. lol
Budget cuts temporarily close two fire stations in Taunton. City is trying to balance budget. Story at 5:30 on
Saturday shoot...
Food served Daily until MIDNIGHT! Special today-Steak and Shitaki Mushroom Taco $4
I wish i could get up and Go somewhere...far
Well I thought it was this week!!!!!! :(
If heaven has a smell, I'm pretty sure it's onions sauteing with bacon
Ready for everyone to hear these new jams!
Spent a much needed "me" day with a great friend I've missed shopping for my office! I hope it was a good for you as it was for me!
About to fall asleep thanks to this fire!
I like that the programs are so big, they look like restaurant menus. "I'll have the lobster bisque with a side of Romans 12."
thanks for the mention!
I think Rev. Parker was sticking to things in the spiritual realm and not the fiscal.
Have to wonder how much scrutiny is being applied to these new alleged victims of sexual advances after being pulled over 4 DUI
Denied. Inquire again in 6 weeks.
theres a special place in hell for those two motherfuckers
Aw, what's wrong?
I don't think it's reasonable to expect that NY Times stay free & in business, but I also think the prices announced are too high.
yikes! glad you're ok.. what about your car?
Where the fuck are we?!
DM me the acct tel #, i'll take a look at the issue
We're a hip hop duo from Austin, TX. 1st album is available on iTunes, amazon, etc..you can also listen to us on pandora.
Decide who you are and who you want to be and recreate yourself according to God<U+FFFD>s original blueprint and not someone else<U+FFFD>s
Have you signed up for our Oct. 4th Strategic Leadership Conference? What would you like to get out of it?
RIP I miss u Momma Hicks
yea that shit was wild, he doesn't even sound like a football player off the field
wonderful world, lol
It's in the lyrics to the #Awolnation song on your blog! lol. What can I say? I hear WORDS. (I also used to write song lyrics)
Sounds like all the parents are getting used to the sounds of school being back in session
:( I gotta get a new desktop computer!!! ;( My laptop does not process HD video for editing! BO! Any suggestions on a new desktop?????
Featured Librarian: Anne Davis, Anthropology and Archaeology Librarian - Anne can help you really dig in to your research...
no gender is Male or Female. Chinese is a race. like white,black.mexican,etc.
Veggies make great snacks. They can get you through the hunger pangs if you are having them.
like this one 2. I always say it takes a lot more energy & effort to be angry & hold grudges then it does to forgive & move on
This #NFL off season - #Redskins #Browns #Seahawks #Dolphins #49ers #Colts #Titans #Broncos all looking to switch #QB's
the response I most often get when I say I'm in Lib school is, "you have to go to school for that?"
S/O to my new twifey follow her...
#Lasttweet good night clippers fans :)
Purchase a 6 month unlim. group class membership for $250. Reg. $474 Offering yoga, mat pilates, cardio & kickboxing. Good until noon today!
Thanks so much for a great luncheon! The food was delicious and the #atkinscookbook is just what I need to shed this baby weight!
I had the music too loud. I think it gave me heartburn. BRB!!!
Fellow Oscar lovers! How many times have you cried so far? And how many bottles of wine have you already gone through?
I just love you.
Good for the Blackhawks!
New Hot Chip track is a Legit jam.
Prefinished Brazilian Cherry 3/4 x 5, still a favorite with designer and homeowner.
thanks! I tried taking a photo of my screen as well ;)
People These Days.
": you my boy. But let's be real" yea, youre right
RT “: Young boy big dreams”
Thanks to a Canadian on the crew, we have Tim Horton's coffee in the production office.
staff meeting the same night as speech banquet... NO.
well he is lol
“: #Aquarians are not only march to a different drummer, they make up new music as they go along”
Ever wonder who was the greatest Pittsburgh sports star to wear each number? My upcoming article will look at jersey numbers 1-10.
Marketing advice is like opinions, everyone has some... :)
It is so you can carry all that love home to your honey!!!
No, chillin right now. You?
On a little cheese mat.
Two shoots tomorrow. Starting at 8:45am and finishing at midnight. It's going to be a long day...
Just wrote a scene that's gonna give *me* nightmares. Why do I do this to myself?
#Giro The Umbrian section, from Assisi to Terontola, follows the unlovely highway, altho along the Lake the views left are pleasant.
48% and i'm hungry
how was skool :)
Nigga a fool asking bums if they need a bump
Joshua took it to church!!
I'm pretty sure should be
I accidentally added a 2nd one. Lol. I'm new to this. How u been? How was ur Thanksgiving?
the stuff I don't understand...
Dear Baby Whisperer Tracy Hogg: Here, lean close so I can "whisper" something in your ear...SHOVE IT, you uppity Brit.
I think I've spent the majority of my day watching bear videos or Cleveland videos. Good day.
Thanks! Enjoy this beautiful Friday! RT : Amazing as always! ;) Love the new lemon honey dressing.
speaking of..are you guys still interested in the project? I have only received 2 payments and her
can I get an injury update on manningham's concussion? It's affecting my fantasy team.
Better enjoy it, once I'm gone the run is over... #BielemaBlows “: Congrats to on the hire..now let's win us a Rose Bowl"
“: If anyone uploads that Darius Miller piece (which I missed) please tell me” damnit! I missed it too!! Somebody help!
Tony isn't here righ na please leave ya name n number and he'll get back to ya. Lol.
wish me luck for my cheer competition tomorrow!!?? (:
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at the Polish Cadet's Hall! Beginner lesson with John and Sylbie, DJ Rob!
I love her
Discovering that grad school is a bit about chasing down out-of-print books.
I'm in Roanoke and its getting slammed w/rain, some hail, local flooding. Is this headed for #rva tonight?
OR you could CALL them! Lol RT : good call! Any one know if #honeybee market carries chia seeds?
Librarian fight!!
A watched pot, never boils...
#DragRace please choose Sharon needles!!!!! Love her!!
: and I are gonna get out sushi on today. I think I have four meetups this week. Pretty sure I'm nuts.
Electric Christmas lights were first used in 1854
not if that has to last us thru injuries all year! Need to sign Ndata long term!!
6 shots finaled this week, so I am staying home to get rid of this bug today! Gotta a monster to work on next week
Morning my tweeps, time for some coffee
So we should go clubbing soon! I could be your new gbf! ;D
EVERYONE!!!!!!! PLEASE RE-FOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
Where are you end of October early November?
I know I miss you to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
this song is funny af .
You're welcome! Happy Monday!
its WAY WAY better than pulling GREY! Be GLAD! RTP) what about you?
Thanks to for helping get the word out on
Apparently my #Nuggets decided to show up tonight...
Hall & Oats just said bitch us your blood boiling and are your fake boobs gonna explode?
Oh no no. It's a good thing. Sometimes we all need a reminder.
hey rekonciled, I seen you tweet your looking 4 producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
thanks for the mentions. Have a great weekend.
"It's gonna be like in the biggie movie"
You see me lookin at you and you already know
gawd i hate waiting.. watching a movie with the babe trying to be as patient as possible!/:
Never knew Donald Trump is such an asshole! Give your president some kind of respect Mr. Trump!
Demonstrators also insisting that Fullerton police chief Michael Sellers resign
Nokia PureView 808 ready for release in May this - Gadget Fan
Watching a movie in class should be fun but it's not at the moment
Supporting starting this week all through to December to Walk for Water. Giving clean water & sanitation to those in need.
I HATE traffic
Congrats to the Philadelphia 76ers on beating the Chicago Bulls to go on to the next round. I hope people don't discount this win!
Welcoming M Salon to the 21st century the new WEBSITE!!! www.msalonmke.com. Use it and book with it. A link to !
There's quite a few things I hate about myself. First, my thighs. Second, my height. Third, well, basically everything about me.
You can do anything if you have enthusiasm. Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes rise to the stars. With it, there is accomplish...
Lakers are getting SCHOOLED by the Thunder. 30 pt game after 3 quarters. Not good for former #Cavs coach Mike Brown.
How Normal people flirt: Hey baby are u tired? cuz you've been running through my mind all day ;) How i Flirt: your face.. i like it ._.
RT TWATS LEAKING AIN'T MY THING!x IM CHANGING AND THINKING FOWARD X
I lost almost 15 pounds last year at school without doing a damn thing. Now I'm trying & I can't lose anything. DAMMIT.
Officially starting my corporate communication internship with in Milwaukee in five days!
You were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name the Lord Jesus Christ and by the Spirit of our God.
thank you sir! Hope everything's good my man. I'm sure I'll be seeing you this summer!
is amazing..<3
here at Parkrose Auto Center our helpful service is designed to give you the money you need for your car today
you're the man Joey Diaz!
they are stupid . but a bitch is the same . feels me ? lol
Thrilling afternoon of giving tours of a storage space.
Let's see: Rush, Fleetwood Mac, Bob Seger, Allman Brothers and The Who. XM, you really cut me to the core...
just ate over 40 totino's pizza rolls u dig?
starts july 26th
LOL U CAN HAV 100% OF THE PROCEEDS FROM THE FREE DOWNLOADS LMAO
i will checkin it out now....
: is so cool that he's writing a paper about fast food, listening to Nikki Minaj.
Unwittingly became a part og
in the best mood ever!!!
isn't that why they made space heaters? ;)
I seriously have a mac&cheese addiction...I say go for it!! RT I want mac n cheese for bfast...
Her pony tail hurting...lbvs
RT A girl should never forget that she doesn't need anyone who doesn't need her.
how do u say that? Mets r the biggest joke in sports and the jv jets? Get a qb bum. Elite
oh wow. Yeah it was me, Steve & his friend, Matt & Andrew, and 1 or 2 other guys.
So I'm starting to feel like I'm not good enough for anybody -_-
Goodnight like a someebooooooooooooody.
Quote of the night: "There ain't no such thing as too much clevage, is there?"
Maybe I took a vacation day from work to watch the Manchester Derby Monday. #IJS, don't judge me, okay? #amped <U+26BD>
Idk I'm trying. "/ this is Jax's early morning daily anxiety fest :) Saw Chloe leave even lol.
follow back?? :)
Another long day,
missed ya last night...so did 100,000 other people! : ) Happy New Year!
At least by that last post we know ur hater.
dude, I'm on the S2 heading downtown and all the cute ladies you've never seen in DC are on this bus.
IM BUSY
Its always about Ham. I don't like ham, can you talk about a new sandwich please? Because I'm hungry and need suggestions.
you are always so fabulous! you were amazing on DWTS the other night! =)
Nervous right now! Im waiting to see the Dermatologist! :O
beautiful City. I haven't been in a long time. 1980. I did get to see led zeppelin when I was there.
Having to pee but waiting until the very last minute!
Nicki I LOVE UR MUSIC AM SUCH A HUGE FAN, LOVE UR NEW SINGLE!! RETWEET ME PLEASE!! :D <3
God give me the strength to help this person out
We never got that photo of our face2face (finally!) #ideation12 At least we've got tmrw...!!!
hey Kayla ..how are ya...
NW Major Payne wit my eyes hurt
May's Feat. Brewery: Stop in for 22 oz drafts of Summer Solstice & Hop Ottin' IPA for just $5. Kicks when the kegs do!
There's nothing wrong but communication It's just a problem of our own creation
just heard about it at #ccid2012 from
hhaha yea. I dont like the feeling at all.
That and late-season skiing and more water for everyone
RT : I've said it before. If Clifford was a Big Red Cat, everyone would be dead.
I wish I could erase all the hurtful scares, but I know that's what makes you who you are.
thx for opportunity to ask ?s on WEAI! When will all survey tools be released? How long does it take to conduct one survey?
oh how i love geometry homework... not.
Same w Hillary in 08 until cracks in ceiling speech. RT : Santorum ends his suspension speech w/o mentioning Romney's name!
Our servers will be down this weekend for maintenance so please be patient and we will be back online late sunday Afternoon.
Where the party at?I need that in my system...
I'm starting to think you are all Lena Dunham's cousins or something. You're all taking this so personally.
I finished all of my #libraryschool work for the week. P-H-E-W. Now, I rest.
nahh im going to a shop 252 probably
11:11 - The bridge or transitional zone between the old energy world of duality and the New Energy world of Oneness.
good morning sister !
SPOOKY CIRCUS OF STRANGE @ PLAYHOUSE TONIGHT!! KNIFE THROWERS, MAGICIANS, MIDGETS, AND MORE! MESSAGE ME FOR ALL THE DETAILS.
RT : Analytical software needed to analyze dataset is a critical component of the discussion of intellectual rights related to data
you're always invited to come chill by my pool, bbq, and drink with me and ;)
i listed you official new #TeamLegna supporter and potential reader
About as stress-free a #Ravens victory possible, but I'm already thinking about the Chargers next week.
There's no such thing. What sort of food? Where? RT : I bought too much food
Seriously iPhone, what's wrong with the word "so" that you keep wanting to change it to "do"? Leave my "so"s alone!
lol we walked past it last year. I was like I've heard great things but no way in hell I'm wearing a dunce hat
Hey guys, congrats on the cover shot for this month's Big Picture Magazine. Looks like a great project!
No one ever sits in Snoop's studio and tells him, "What this song really needs is a kazoo solo."
Super excited to be backstage for
time for the end of summer party at tavern on green nyc. then after party at citrine nyc:)
O's win!!! Guarantee series win over the rays! Let's go O's!
I've been in major label big budget sessions & home studio sessions and I'm pretty sure I've seen or heard it all.
why not?!
Is it has that I could recognize those even in the minuscule preview image on my phone?
I'VE HEARD OF IT
What are some dumbs thing Americans say when they go to the UK? I don't wanna look like an idiot.
How is oh "hi" oh? Did you see what I did there??
Porn industry protected thru new piracy bill undefined undefined via
will be turning it up to eleven today!
You can now shop directly from our page on Facebook! Like us there, too :-)
Only slightly! My birthday is coming up! :-) xoxo
Asking a favor of you. Do something to help a fellow humanist or human being. Share a helpful or thoughtful thought, action or bit of humor.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there!!!
you are right I was looking at my replys. Keep doing what you are doing and lets stay in touch!
REMINDER**** Someone that follows us will win a Shirt or Hat today from retweet_it
love it! Go for it!
I love how when I ask to go somewhere FIRST, everyone else decides to go So I don't get to go. Thanks family your oh So nice. NOT!
You can have friends everywhere. Don't feel guilty.
call me back, betch
haha! Isn't that always the way? Hilarious.
In Ross looking for old people clothes.
u should watch Grave Encounters on netflix :) its a good movie
don't temp me!!!
The smell of raw hamburger makes me hungry.
anyone have creative gift ideas for my godson's christening? Super excited!
Almost back to
"He who shoots the most the fastest wins"? Sounds like a sexual joke is somewhere in there.
I know u do my nigga back soon I'm be gone for a min.
off to school now
Some mornings I eat my Wheaties, some mornings I eat crow.
I have the day off today which means I finally get to catch up on a bunch of little things around the house and in my life.
So , Totally Got Mad At Me Today Because I Didn't Have Any Paper To Give Her. :P
OH: I like it here (Syracuse); it reminds me of Russia
When you get down to it, what else is there to write a song about than getting a party going and the promise to party hard?
Wrong on both accounts. RT Dr. Pepper? RT Hall & Oates provided some damn good pop.
's Dennis Scholl on my favorite thing: random act of culture
“: All set for tomorrow at 09:30 to take the vCAP-DCD Beta Exam. ” <-- mine sched on thurs, lemme know how it goes
nope but there's hello kitty cases for it :)
Oh I'm Stupid . Please TWEET This Girl For Her Birthday :D<U+2665>
Heading to the #cubs and #brewers game in AZ!
Sexy Bikini up to 80% off... Check out BIKINI28 Wed site...
Happy Birthday beautiful <3 I love & miss you (:
Those days where you just feel like staying home and eating a giant crap load of chocolate.
I don't agree;we require lesson plans 2wks in advance to lrning strategists so they can prepare&help tchrs differentiate
Happy Friday Everyone!
I want floor seats for 's concert so bad
RT : Enter our Super Bowl Trivia contest... The first drawing is in the morning, deadline to enter is tonight.
You are working on your Biggest Loser body, remember?!
tks! Im going to get him a couple n see if he lets the soft PJs at home ;)
Experience is the universal mother of sciences. - Miguel de Cervantes
Ceramic cereal bowls in rainbow colors
somebody that i used to know
forget the age ... I want that jacket!
“: Road trip tomorrow” where you going?
fun day at the pool with the fam. starting the countdown for my arrival in espana with SO EXCITED!!
it was on the radio, lol
she look like she just blew a lizard. Wtf is up with those green lips?
well, that should make load in quick.
Did you by a car?
#sexisexorcise lets make it a trending topic shall we ?
Jericho is back!
ok :P feel better :)
oh, you never leased it?
okay thanks!!
all we got is memories so what the fuck is time?
Age Dosent Matter
check out gas prices in your area at www.gasbuddy.com
You're Not Alone, by Saosin = Best Song Ever. (:
thanks. Ha!
what should i eat today .... hm =[
less than 10 minutes till KKTNY!
Now i know how woody felt when he was left out after buzz got there :( Ap physics
Are you back in Australia?
I just made Peach Tea for the first time. And have decided I'm never drinking anything else. Ever again.
#goodthingsintheworld and #thoughtsatwalmart trending simultaneously. I love you
he's my roomie's friend, and no one could ever take your place x
Happy Birthday beautiful !! <3 hope you have a great day!
Thanks for tuning in, baldwinsh!
I can't even handle all of this cute elephant crap on etsy.
you'll probably want to repeat those last couple tweets throughout the day. it's super important.
There's something about actually going to class that makes you a better student.....
Tha whole I love you!!
you should add to your twitter list, too.
Next time we must speak ! :)
I couldn't agree more with this post. I think society needs to take a pill. They need to let go and loosen up. Take care bro.
Watching Swamp People on demand. This show is great. So thankful for subtitles
Cocky Dudes Is To Much Just To Let Yall Know Yall Aint All That Cute Sit Df Down Somewhere Bro. -_____________- Smh.
I can't keep promises to myself, so I know I didn't make a promise to you.....I promise you that.
said if he wins recall he intends to govern in a more inclusive, consensus-building way. Why didn't he do that to begin with?
“: "We could fuck them bitces tonight !! They got on flats" lmaoooooooo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I can't yo I'm done lmaoooooooooo”
Can't tweet really. Nigel out.
Would you read with a moose? Would you read in a spruce? HAPPY BIRTHDAY, DR. SEUSS!!!
well That's extremely exciting!
#FF because I had an amazing conversation with her this week about how kicks ass.
will do
I wanna rock your body ( till the break of dawn)
Based on those standards I just can't compete.
hello Kim how have you been? I've seen a lot of your tv shows, WOW there GREAT!!!! Love Ya, keep up the good work
Loving that person even know they totally hate Bananas...
RT : S/O for coming to see me! Xo<<< no prob good times.
The Olive Branch was packed out and as a band we had a blast!!
At for dinner with the gals
why I need u
Rip in
New Coupon: $10 Off
That north north, that up top, that OV & that XO <3 #drake I think i'm in love.. <3
#transportationchoices "Transportation policy IS health policy"
Like I said, all class.
just in case i sleep through it...
Now! Now! Now! Now!
Jonas were the first who touch my heart with their music, that's they are IRREPLACEABLE NOT ONLY for me, but for all JONAS FANS! WE LOVE YOU
You know nothing, Jon Snow.
My Mary Ann, tell your old man we're nothing serious.
“Our ability to learn and apply new ideas faster than our competition is our only real source of sustainable competitive advantage.”
I was having a great night... then you had to ruin it
Lol, Did You Run?
look, the bulls just ran into some bad luck- but it doesn't mean you should overreact. keep perspective, this is a good team.
haha! me too!! #lotto #itcouldhappen :D
There is still time to #register for today's #freewebinar - #Health #Insurance 101 for
*sigh* g2g. tweet ya in a few hrs....
WRITING WRITING WRITING
that's the standard terminology in the US. Is the change to be more consistent with ours? (why that's desirable I don't know)
zotero would be great if the sync were working for me. anyone have any ideas?
There goes instagram acting light skin again.
Will check it out, thanks for the link!!
are you creeping? (:
"If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.” – Oscar Wilde
Gameday! Can't wait to get to CBS Sportscene, where all the true fans go before the game
“ #ThatOneFriend With The Coolest Parents
Is that even a viable question!? lol The beard is majestic.
Place in the character's body where most of his life activity takes place, that would be in the stomach and chest.
I hear ya baby. Preaching to the choir
I love thursdays
You wrong for that. :-)
See how he does against Ireland first. I thought Mallet wanted a break for family?
Need to be in the bed right about now...4am will come before you know it!
you still have some? I thought they would be gone by now
wow kacey is really "playing" the game. is he truly that mean?
Fun morning! ;-)
WEARING CROCS SHOULD BE A CLASS C MISDEMEANOR.
Have you ever hit the follow button and simultaneously thought, "I'm going to regret this."??
Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today.
We did a prototype at Microsoft Acceleration Week. Love Mango UI. We're prolly launching Windows Phone app in 6 months.
It's scary when, in the morning, you start making the same noises as your coffeemaker
I'm just bored and wanted to tweet you
Hi Beth! You are our Maroon 5 Prize Package Winner. Your bundle is scheduled to ship the 19th this Friday. Look for it next week!
At work reviewing future publication for the web.
got my jochen hecht jersey just in time for our playoff push
runs faster
"Dinner without wine is like a kiss without love" See Dobson's winelist at www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Wine_list then come taste it!
I actually wanna go to school today!! Wat.
we offer them occasionally, depending on availability. Usually more in fall/winter. Pls DM us dates and we will check!
Got all my money on ! Viva Puerto Rico!
#huskers are running the #buckeyes out of the gym. lovin' it w 2 buckeye ladies in the house. #GoBigRed!
I couldn't be a teacher... I'll kill'em..
Going to see the Thermals at Doug Fir tonight!
Any thoughts on "It's a Wonderful Life" BD version?
Children shld b steered to enter college bc the skills 2day will b antiquated 20 yrs from now. Both shld avail
Waiting on rennee to text me back !
you get any hits mckibban?
yay!!! I'm excited for yal
You're an Aquarius too?
Now accepting new patience.
I'm officially a hot mess
Daytona 500 commercials consistently better than Super Bowl ads.
busy and expanding!
UK didn't.
that would explain the sheep circling da house bahhhh
thanks. We'll inquire.
Healthy & simple--depending upon in what you fried the potatoes... :-)
Follow Me <3 i love Clove and i loved how you played her :)
m yummyyummy. I'd like a prickly pear lemonade mimosa please!
looking for someone based in Austin for a kernel opportunity. let me know if you, or someone you know may be interested!
[...] for if the food wasn't under lock and key, who would work?"
It's literally the most difficult thing you will undertake in recent memory.
. #TeamThinMint is like one of those crazed cults. I expect a Waco type ending for all y'all.
Hit me on Skype
Cybergun (CYMA) 1928 Chicago Typewriter Thompson Sub-Machine Gun Airsoft Gun REVIEW ;O dillon
I read all tweets from those I follow. Your tweeting is not in vain. : )
Awww shit lol RT : I don't trust a nigga that still got braids in his head.
...my IPHONE is Donna.
seriously still laughing · amy seeley, you've got jokes.
first snow at the apartments! Be safe!
HEY! who wants to trend #CrewLove? tweet it GOO! (: if you're proud and you love austin mahone go trend it!
What is your favorite music genre(s)?
"I am a servant of the Secret Fire, wielder of the flame of Anor. YOU SHALL NOT PASS!" - my 3rd grade teacher.
rapping is too easy for me. thats why i create ways to challenge and entertain myself when i do it
BOUT TO DANCE AND WORKIN OUT.....
not cool man
It's good luck! Now do something with it that will give you good karma :)
Tonight, the wine is fine! Finally enjoying a bottle from my visit at the Brotherhood winery.
Brainstorming ideas for our next blog post
Wishing , one of the stars of our film, a very Happy Birthday!!
Sighting Shoutout to former Lakers player/assistant coach Brian Shaw; now with Indiana Pacers. LA Lakers all over the map!
Nice! I love finish the sentence games...ok here goes "I am..club f'ing footed ya asswipe"
DIamond got me dying laughing.
TSA agents never offer happy endings :(
RT It’s Nat'l Animal Cracker Day! 1st Animal Cracker was made in York by Stauffer’s Biscuit Co c1900.
I'm afraid I'll end up in last week. I don't want a repeat of that.
I Love My City
Just punched myself in the face. Don't know why I did it, all I know is that my face hurts now
The two most popular sports in the US are locked out. Will worker productivity improve for the remainder of this year?
Saw my first jeff suppan shirsey of the year.
“: I would say UK now has about twice the number of Louisville fans in Superdome. Crowd is very quiet. All business.” of course
Heading over to #LSP to get my #SportingKC fix on :P
check your messages
Wow jus watched Vegas news and jewelry store in the mall got robbed!
New year, new larger water bottle. Good bye Intel, hello Google!
If you have ever had a book digitalized for Amazon Kindle Publishing, I'd love to know how you did it, what format you used, and if an outs…
take that, Apache! I would never* attack a Native American, espec. from a respected warrior tribe. *But he started it. And he's a web server
We have a new server ready - vpn-co30 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
At Rays Make a Wish Day. Just think he gave up NBA Allstar tix and Lebron to feed his school. That's Big!
Boy I will send them #bloods at u like Tampax
Redesigning resume and laying out new business cards for letterpress printing today.
These Bitches Is Hectic Af'
bahaha. (: is it still uploading?
Thanks pal. What's I/O like for games loaded from HDD?
Oh no! One light bulb is burned out? Might be a good time to check all of your lamps. Don't be caught in the dark!
There is no safe container to put your personal values while you're at work. Live them at work or the damage will spill to life outside
Iadvertise for my store act like amonkey and give random shout outs you deserved that last one Keep the smile it looks good
haha this dude had the wrong ismail in mind... this hard knocks is classic because of shannon sharpe, Q and Ray ray if nothing else
these must be very bad people if you snapping lol
People that have personal conversations on speaker phone, why?
Aww! Love ya R! RT : you are always doing it right :) you're Fabulous Girl!!! Mwha!!!
nonononono because of hunter hayes! Oh lord <3
Baby is enjoying goat cheese. A proud moment in the Viera household.
just took my 2nd shower of the day…who i am ??
nuh unh no alcohol this time, i wanna remember all the funny things you say while we're crushin..
oh hahaaa I had no idea!
ass up nose down
It's best not to throw those stones and your house is made of air, cause when I this back you may get bust in your head.
love this!
oh that dirty girl
git repo creating, trying to vers ctrl a lot of stuff before anything bad happens. A pain but I get to use clever names for scripts now.
checking out Target 1st Saturdays and
How is perming your hair different from bleaching your skin?
#ThingsBetterThanTheMiamiHeat New Coke
send some to me, and i'll blow them up and mail them back...
Ugh still not feeling right :(
Behold the turtle. He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out.
I like BTIKM, but it should never have been a single, let alone a lead after hearing all snippets. There're so many other options!
smh, thats why im hoping we get him, he is a good left tackle!! i know martz wants more big guys
just got home from the catch
can't wait for the new twlight movie to come out
I'm excited about the remodels!
The Senior Formal isn't sold out (yet!). Tickets are still available through Ticket Central. 4 course buffet and open bar!
Awesome. That's what I've been hearing for the most part. Loved season 3 way more than 1&2.
House Ed. Committee has yet to take up one amendment on HF 517. They are reconvening again tonight.
and are neighbors!! how cool! i love Napa... spending my day at my favorite vineyards!
cool ..... i think it's time for jurnl. something different. you? a break and something new?
they've been pushing in that direction for awhile IMO. It's about young SP - made '91 Braves/'02 A's great, can fall flat too.
reminding us that the conference is being streamed live and that questions are welcome via twitter and email
rhet comp tweeps “women’s culture” possessive attributive adjective or “women’s culture” an “attributive noun” women modifies culture?
I miss you! I'll be back in a week
Sore throat. No
HAHAHA OMG! You just made my day.
In such a bad mood that I just want to eat this entire Hershey bar and I don't even like those.
Why am I always the one that put in the most effort and get back the least?
HUGE thanks to producer Deb Jones, , Nxt Media, , , and Steve Sherer
but some good overtime.
his name gone be cat.
Oh, and if you get a chance? Stop into Bouchon for breakfast or brunch and order their beignets. Best baked good I've ever had.
My Droid can't hold a charge to save its own life...maybe even mine if I were ever in distress.
I havn't been to the dentist in years and I don't need to, plus my aunts a dental assistant
Wow, just saw the Quark Express startup screen for the first time, in...what, six months? More?
thank you, my friend!
ha I wish I was bored at work
Capture footage, export quicktimes, repeat.
Let things develop naturally...
is at the Rathskeller for a presentation by Globus.
expect the unexpected.
Last day of work before #ala11! This ALA conference newbie is ready to get her nerd on.
is my homecoming date for next year ;) (I'ma be a black bitch and she's that white one) :P
Greece's collapse should push Gold up.
.: “Learn to say ‘no’ to the good so you can say ‘yes’ to the best.” John C. Maxwell
We are having a blast! I hope you are too. It's such a nice day!
I wish ours were $40, we regularly pay $50 for specialist copays for us and each of our 2 boys
San Antonio tonight ill be at Broadway bar mixing all the best music from top 40 to hip hop and to dance!!! $2 bud light all night see y ...
I'm chilling in Boone....was just on my old college radio station...so much fun
Wait a second #49ers -- isn't Kendall Hunter a lot like LaMichael James? Crowded backfield with Frank Gore, Brandon Jacobs, too.
LOOKING FOR MUA'S, CLOTHING DESIGNERS, BODYPAINTERS, PHOTOGRAPHERS TO WORK WITH #DIRECT MESSAGE ME ASAP
Sunday 330 ABC
"To God who gives me speed and strength may I tear apart my enemies with swift ferocity..."
Same here. Amer Planning Assoc also has a jobs section in their smartphone app, very helpful on the go.
how is it negative? (I'm not in the church... Just curious)
I enjoyed Triangle, but that's probably not entirely in the horror genre (:
Gets better every year
Watch out for my buddy Greg. He will show you avideos of his cats. Over and over.
Have you ever rammed another car off the road into a tree for no reason? Me neither. I always have a reason too.
I never lied to you.
It's not you, Facebook. Well, it is, actually. I just can't be with someone who loves CISPA more than they love me.
I hate this weather and my migraine is just starting!! Lol #notevenkidding :p
To all the haters out there, I wish you the best. You can't bring me down.
A serial stalker is arrested for running his former boss off the road and threatening her. The details in a few minutes at 11p
Thanks for the kind tweet, ! It was cool seeing you last night too!
Turn things you've always wanted to do, into things you've done
He created a situation for revelation!
I miss you in the tinychats. GOODNIGHT!!
Yea we do. When tho?
Still life is Starting a ReTweet Reward System. Here are the Rules: 1. Read it 2. Retweet it 3. Get Rewards, Giveaways, Prizes!!!!!
too many nosey people out there.
are you in Atlanta
thats why he is d Mac Daddy!
Double-drug diabetes treatment disappoints in kids
got two tickets for Allen already. He's amazing live, but I've never seen the Lumineers so we'll try to hit that first.
come match i have an eighth
The worst moment for the atheist is when he is really thankful and has nobody to thank - Dante Rossetti.
Real people do not talk like marketers ()
Fake Mac fans <
Attorney Amy M. Cohen has been a practicing Trademark Attorney in Los Angeles for over 11 years
Thanks so much for following us!
#inaug09 Samuel L. Jackson, Spike Lee, Eric Holder on the red carpet at The Root ball.
If you haven't heard, Meredith Crider (the sneaky red head) was revealed as OZ. She basically annihilated you... counting her kills now.
LOVE Cathiard's wines! Wildman does not distribute in IL, so I didn't get to taste yesterday. Can't wait to try..
By the time you realize I'll probably be long fucking gone
I Think it time for a new profile picture what do you think??
Why manufaturing companies are reshoring jobs to the US now that labor costs are rising overseas. Join the conversation now on 90.3!
- just what we needed, another holiday to have to keep track of. Do they sell Star Wars Day cards at Hallmark? :-)
If I was a writer, I'd write my opinions and save them for later just to see how wrong I would be.
Let's not have too many of those weekends...
send us a message any time - let us know what you're up to, too!!
missing you and wishing we could be on your couch eating mac & cheese! Hope you're having a great shoot day!
Absolutely! RT : Thanks for the RTs. Cheers!
Yeah. Like...what kind of "poop" are you trying to get back into?
martha likes are cupcakes!
"Morning happy hour: What's making you happy today?" --> This week's forecast (50's in Chicago!)
The Tokyo-style Shoyu Ramen special is back! Stop in for a hot bowl on this cool and brisk night.
not sure lol
Goal penguins!! And obviously the flyers payed the refs to make calls against us...i swear
Enjoy your night!
We R looking for EHR experts for a new referral opportunity. Please visit us #HIMSS10 booth #2311 email
Never Let Go Of Delena !
do you know who Theo Feldman is ?
RT : Louisville Ladder Enhances Safety Training Program With Online Learning Management System From BlueVolt...
Our beloved Blackhawks are out of the Stanley Cup Playoffs- we suggest you drown your sorrows with #Monicals Pizza!
Will my wish come true of Bella following me
Vetting startups questions - their experience in the industry, passion ...
and fold-away skateboard wheels RT : The toothpick/tweezers slot
Hey Twitter Fam, Lets get up to 100 followers in less then 20 mins!!!!1
This Marine Was Raped By A Captain And The Military Did Nothing
awesome. many thanks!!
yo i still aint try one i want one so bad lol
+1 MT A startup is like cleaning up broken glass. At some point you [must] stop searching & just start walking in yr bare feet
Today I got smacked by #Abusive!!!!! Lol
There's not much better than the smell of the Baker Street Bread Co. on a Sunday morning.
Great night at Bar Louie Water, headed towards a big day for Basketball tomorrow! Join us all day, Marquette, Wisconsin and USA in the WBC
Where are you sitting? RT : is there too!
I wish you still were in Memphis then I would whooped you lol and I guess it
No went to a party and had a hangover. Better now!
This is the sound of breaking.
Little minds attain and are subdued by misfortunes; but great minds rise above them. -Washington Irving
If you're watching 7 news right now, you can see me in the background sitting at my desk in the newsroom! :)
I'm trying to set up reinterviews over the phone. Also, trying not to punch myself in the face repeatedly.
happy day auntie again!!!! Hope you guys are doing awesome!!
Stop by for a juicy burger on the way to see the lights on 34th St! Seating upstairs, outside, & takeout 410-878-1266
I know...or hope so anyway! We could all stand to chew a lil' bit more! SF is amazing! Love it here!
Kim Barnes is speaking about native plant gardening in Baltimore tonight at 7:30pm for 2nd Wednesdays. The talk begins in 20 minutes!
duh. Because game of thrones made incest hip again. You're such a square
Thanks! I really appreciate it!
That's right, Caite! Did we see you at Reading Terminal Market's Scrapplefest 2011 this past march in #Philly?
how do y'all feel about the farmers tan? is that in this summer? no? not yet? ... fine.
da way how ppl put dis woman beater on a pedastool like he a god
sorry buddy..booked
Your advertising support of Rush Limbaugh is beyond unfortunate. Please clarify your position and hold him accountable.
Had a good time refereeing my first middle school game. Now I'm ready for a nap
The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words
Hey have you voted for me to play at bonaroo yet? Please do, there's a good chance if you vote I'll make it
THE QUESTION IS.. IS ARMPIT HAIR CONSIDERED ARMPIT HAIR? OR HAIR ON YOUR HEAD GROWN UNDER YOUR ARMS? hmm.
Hey E...any Nashville tour dates coming up:)?
Hm...how about making a turduckin!! Paula Deen would be so proud - LOL!
Moving is such a headache...
Hahah this just made my night! What's up playa
lovin the RT love!! thanks so much!!
I hate the look i get in church when everyone else is doing shots of wine, and i pour myself a shot a whiskey,
I woke up this morning to a text message from my mom saying"what are you doing to prepare???tsunami hitting you at 11am!" well good morning.
I don't answer unknown phone calls
Just in : Abita strawberry!!! Pretty limited so come get it while we've still got it:)
A Beautiful Monday Morning in the Mile Hi City.....A sad one as well, Brian Dawkins announced his retirement today....You are a class act
Thank you to all of our followers :) We truly appreciate your support in helping us grow! <3 Fit2go Team
RT : I love sex!
If you see it dont spoil anything! Hahaha. I don't wanna know until next week, but if its good at least tell me that lol
I like this question.
I REALLY HAVE NO CLUE
Congrats! RT wins 1st place for 'per person productivity ' for all Real Living offices in US!
nope its now! These guys grew up with my hubbs..
Can't wait cuzzo!! So excited :) RT : May 25th is the day..
RT : #CarylStern: Healthy mom, healthy child. Educated mom, educated child. We need to focus on the women of the world...
you're at work!!! I would've invited you.
RT : My favorite web archiving skills: flexibility and a good sense of humor
Master Plan Meeting Fairmount and Westside: Martin Luther King School 108 S. 9th Street, Newark, NJ May 17 (Thursday), Join us
wait wait wait I got it: Game of Beerlord Thrones?
It's dial-up but everything else is choice in case you want the tour.
I'm so butthurt right now:(
If you knowingly disturb a relationship you deserve every piece of shit that gets flung at you!
glad you guys are having this conversation in the open
When the effective leader is finished with his work, the people say it happened naturally
Sunny in Seattle! #sorryboutit rainclouds, some people on my campus really need a tan. :P
About to dye my hurrrrr
If the sound permit process is important to you, you can vote for Toby AND for Kris Bailey (me, place 3)!
Yes, technology has made college a bit more accessible for some and provide more creative ways to obtain an education.
Need to wk on pairings for our section but I keep craving cupprimo.com brown butter frosting banana cupcakes. Thanx...
? MT Rumor of assassination floating around; no conf. RT : Hearing word of #NorthKorea coup. Kim Jong Un on the run.
Homeward bound
yeah, definitely - want to meet up at the Elysian down there around 11:30/12?
You're right! Having a QLC is normal! Go to stratejoy.com & check out the 4 courageous girls blogging about theirs in real time!
HOW U DOING THIS MORNING
whole state of #northcarolina wit u the real deal
Glad to see that Choo was facing #ClassicMattCapps and not a
Lmao! Too funny!!
im over thinking what happened today at work. I hate this
Researcher looking for all of our student diaries and letters prior to 1760....
Hot dogs.
"we live in hard times, not end times" - 24hr punditry/fear mongering makes solving problems harder - #rally4sanity check out>>
time to turn the page...rearview mirror
I think you are a very sweet girl. There is mad traffic in this freeway
considering you're trying to run it on a slow righty, that's the point...
I dont wanna brag but ill be the best you Ever had
Yes many MDs also choose not to immunize their children. I pick and choose what my children are immunized against.
Is there a reason the website is half gray? Or is it just me/my browser?
hi friends!
haha thank you (: !
Trump had me worried thinking was going home tonight. Good fight, sir. You deserve to be there!
When did the apes start talking
stomach flu did not help me write. Forgetting I had a deadline did not help me write.
Thanks new followers! #FF look forward to tweeting w/ you!
Watching the stock market continue to sink. When will we realize that it's a losing game to measure our "success" by our possessions?
It's aight RT : #nw The Grey, good movie!
Well, well, well...we meet again H&R Block. 5 times in one month. Wow. Where's the Guinness Book of World Records? I just LOVE filing taxes.
wanting to try a fun resto in ATL tonight... any suggestions?
I wanna bubble bath... With pink bubbles n a rubber duckie yea ....n a rock to throw at the head of the person who interupps my quiet time
Summer romance? Yeah, I'm down!;)
I relealize AG's defense, MG's potential all weigh into it. Just saying it could be much worse we still have a great core
In all seriousness, I didn't play X-COM until about two years ago. It quickly found its way into my all time favs.
tweet me if youve been to orlando??
Nope, but, amusingly, for an hour or so last night, the box would ONLY get OnDemand. I unplugged it, & it has since recovered.
RT : another officer -a 5ft woman-was hit in the head with a drum by a 6 ft 5 protestor. ouch.
Sorry for all the retweeting and tweeting lately
I'd be surprised if J has not changed his goals toward directing/behind the scenes stuff. As for JP, he can raise a kid in Van.
Nope, lol. He goes all Kanye. Hold up, I'm gonna let you finish but I'm out.
Happy Sunday to you! Thanks for the kind mention!
if I lived down there I most definitely would!
good night it's late enjoy you'r holidays everyone and happy new year i wish you all the best i'm also on Facebook and google+ good night.
When u guys doin a song together RT : I'm on my Taylor J shit right now... dude is sick wit it
thanks honey!!
My husband makes friends wherever he goes.... Just like Justin Bieber
Mixed emotions about things<
Patiently waiting for The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
You speak the truth!
Brutalizing myself with Samuel Barber.
We love hearing these stories!
Why do I keep thinking about you...
lol yeah I know whatcha mean! Haha so how old r you?
In the end everyone gonna be searching for bacon lol
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO IS THIS THURSDAY AT CLUB FUEGO!! AND ITS GONNA BE A FOAM PARTY!!!!!!!!
definitely entertaining. I haven't met anyone on here. none of my followers that I've clicked with live in Chicago :-/
so MO Bedda than reservations! Compliments to the Chef!
I am fast in heels!
Stephenville is one of the best places in TX to party and we're playing at Bostocks Bar this Saturday night! I smell a good time coming on.
Tweeting more than actually watching the movie.
Did anyone in central CT just hear/feel loud rumbling and shaking? Didn't feel like an earthquake. Sonic boom perhaps?
Mystery of the day: How do women wear different shoes every day? My feet get sore/tore up when I rotate in a third pair.
and welcome this week in Miami for our board meeting. Our President too! Bienvenido
mane me I'm on grizzline but y'all killed tonight bro!!
chatting with the MSP premiere venue and some potential event sponsors. I'd say who, but don't want jinx it. Will you make the cut for the @
and stay asleep!
RT : Free idea: Give a shit about the planet every day.
A little Signed, Sealed, Delivered to start this nice day..
We just got to 5,000 followers on Facebook. Thanks everyone! We're going to get a little prize out to No. 5,000... details to follow.
Thanks for an amazing experience. Beyond gratifying to play music for patients and see it's effects.
um. true.
Superstition is the dry rot of human thought. Drives me crazy!
your the reason I still smile.
Was right to support b/c Filner, DeMaio nor Dumanis comprehend the tremendous value in support bicycling in SD.
Proud to be a woman in politics.
Happy Hour will be at this afternoon! Come and join us once you call it quits today.
"Why am I still single?" Brain: "You're weird." Body: "and you're fat." Face:"plus you're pretty ugly" Food: "I'm here for you babe"
AH! Of course that is the weekend I am in Cincinnati.
Damn that team in Green and Yellow is pretty good..
Sending positive vibes.
you are always tweeting! When.do u study??
Warped tour tickets = Check!
yeah thats call respect <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
lol okay so TONIGHT. What time & where, my pets?
Channing Tatum, I fucking love you<3 Marry me?! Please.
okay is time to get ready for training
it is. Erik selvig.
so excited for the #iPad3. I'll finally be 'in' with the rest of the capitol peeps
My Hot Electronics Offers the Playstation Vita Starting at $234.99
#TrueShitiHeard The whole point of a week is the weekend
So I can write quench my thirst
For those of you that Blog , here it is the best i found and i looked for years , cost nothing to have a look,ttus Gordon www.scrnch.me.com
i dont c u can hate from outside the club :)-- UCANT EVEN GET IN :)
Brunch! Its gorgeous outside!
Tonight - The David Linard Trio. No cover!
Pres Yu: first dean of Harvard Business School was an economic historian
Thanks for the shout Josh.
Count the garden by the flowers, never by the leaves that fall. Count your life with smiles and not the tears that roll.
when is your next concert in the uk?:)
Yes she does....! We curb her sweet tooth crave!!! LOL
If you eat coffee ice cream and then drink lemon water it tastes like bacon
if you 'love' me as much as you say you do, you wouldn't have moved on so fast
Tell me something god!
Pro Tip: If your deadlines are self-imposed, you don't need to freak about about them. Save yourself the stress.
I'm missin' you.. I'm missin' you, like candy. #NP Candy - Mandy Moore
Fantatic RT : Thanks to , I'm looking forward to dinner tonite at 660 #miami Pics to come
God. I need a tranquilizer.
I could go on with that hashtag forever...
I really can't state this enough not every "locksmith" is qualified to open a safe. I get about 1-2 calls a day asking how "our" safes wor…
If I'm in charge of sports, the "human element" of officiating is completely wiped out. These worthless old men can't keep up.
Goodmornig Gents!! All of us at topnotchescorts.net are available to rock your world! Come on over we wont bite!
Just would like to say thanks for following us ,like us on Facebook but when u type it in subtract the 6 and happy topless Tuesday
Johnny just died. I cant decide if I still wanna watch this or not
Michigan announced 15-22% funding cuts to higher ed. Albom complains about cuts to film industry, but no one complaining about ed. cuts.
cranberry sauce of all forms
Id go to prom with (:
Hey ! You just rejected my article citing it contained "viagara" in the body. BS! Is this how you treat legit contributors?
Goodbye Las Vegas! Headed home after the best trip yet!!!!! Unforgettable, thanks A!!!!!!!
Welcome back, Jeff! I'm looking forward to seeing you and the crew. RT : Back in Atlanta for the start of #TeenWolf Season 2.
- You ain't no Good but you feel So good , That's why i gotta Leave you alone !
I wish I got some of the same attention other girls get from guys but I don't. I guess I'm just one of the guys to most of them
Determined to feel good for Derby!
Thanks Noel, will check it out.
To : I mailed your shorty shorts today. No EB shirt, but I did add a special little love note. :)
#Didyouknow? In South Africa, Boxing Day (Dec. 26) was renamed "Day of Goodwill" post-apartheid; it encourages selfless giving to the needy
thought it likely, was curious what you thought of it; do its typologies ring true to you?
Miss the #AskVP with Biden yesterday? Great questions, especially from this guy --->>> - #tcot #p2 #ows #teaparty :)
nothing is impossible the world itself says,"i'm possible"
JPG--"American society is a winner-takes-all society". To succeed, you need massive practice, passion, persistence.
Have a safe and wonderful weekend!
oops, should have said *now* THAT's sweet (referring to your SJC spot) - way proud!
One step closer!
GM's latest model aims to compete with German rivals
It's nine and I'm still not at a coffee shop.
lol he's my ken doll haha See why I *dont* need a girl! I'd go bankrupt lol
I'm moving to.. Wisconsin
Obama and Pelosi support the Occupy Wall Street Movement. Socialism is not what built this country!
": #Brewers A Nashville affiliate beats Iowa, topping former #Brewers RHP Dave Bush" answers the ? about him
Thanks for following! We hope to share with you!
How ya hanging
I've decided to compete in my first disabled bodybuilding competition by the end of this year!
if I don't see you soon I will melt !!!!!!!
BREAK LEGS! You can do it!
I choose my friends for their good looks, myacquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their goodintellects
Thanks man!
I need a massage bad!! RT 7 #SPAWEEK treatments we're dying to try—and they're all just $50!
I am in the line. Let me know if rather meet up.
In your opinion, where is the most painful place to get a tattoo??
Shocked with the inaccuracies in the accident report I just read... Justice will be served.
love you betchhh. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Fuxk the heat
Yeah, you two keep me out of your conversation. I'm not interested anyway. :-)
In the kitchen with Axel Rios-Bonilla, chef/owner of April&#39;s Pie Company
likely a few seats left - he's a real niche artist. Try it!
Thanks for signing up for #doldc! We'll see you on April 26!
What's up panama city
LMFAO!!!! 99% of the world is..
Sitting makes your back weak. A standing workstation can be part of the solution to resolve your back pain. Sit and stand with good posture!
what would i do without
I'm no "mortgage person", but isn't the state assessed value just the amount you pay taxes on? Lower = better.
sportscenter said dion was the key to victory. if they saw 5 minutes of that game they would realize he did nothing. #ESPNhatesCuse #CJ&FAB
Overall ugly summer ahead haha
Hey JT, thanks for stopping and taking a photo with me. Good luck tonight!
King size? I use those
Do me a favor and treat me like a stranger
BOOM!!! AND THAT BALL IS NOT COMING BACK!!! THE GRANDY MAN CAN!!!
Well if you didn't bring a wading pool of coins everywhere, I wouldn't be so tempted.
not sure how u do it, especially in your field and social opportunities available.
I keep it online like a 3g, you can't be me, don't mess around and get burn like a cd..BloodClot. Somebody call the fire man. He's on Fire.
Random drunk guy in aisle three
Just put 16gb of ram in the macbook pro. Time to edit some friggin' Monsters Wanted footage.
Nice job #police shutting down a kid's
Formal education will make you a living; self education will make you a fortune. ~ Jim Rohn
Everytime I sleep , they suddenly get loud . Fucking dumbasses .
Can RGIII fill in as closer until Storen is back?
sure u do bud.
That moment when you're short and feel tall when you can reach something and tall and cant reach something.
THANKS for donating computers to our Child Development Center! Partnerships for positive change make positive differences.
Thanks for the RT!
the word "worthy" is one of those words that starts to look strange after you look at it for too long!! :)
Lmao! I can't wait for Pimp Juice to be there!
If we don't need conferences for content sharing or networking, then why do we need f2f gatherings?
It's okay to be cocky ... why not? Knock yourself out! But when u have NO reason it becomes an issue for me & the ppl who have to look at u
GREAT SEEING YOU LAST NIGHT! KELLY ROWLAND WAS AWESOME...CONGRATS!
well lock up will have to see me another time. White people are always wanting to se
I read that last year when it came out. Also discussed it w/ my class last night. It looks like most Western ED plans.
This has been the weirdest night of my life. I hope my car is not symbolizing my life.
We got our fucking pipes!!! Eyes are Oh-so heavy
i miss you:(
"Hi miss lady how you doin?" "U be doin video shoots n shit"
Time to bike..ride..
Music is like a medicine for the soul
Even if they win this game okc gone sweep em next round
I assume you are looking for one with our name. Our normal logo doesn't have our name in it. I'll send you what I can.
Awesome collection! Enjoyed the show.
Just bought #TheDip for kindle!
I want to sit in pajamas, write all day, create all night and love what i do. THAT is what i want. lol
everybody who supported me on the other page follow my new one follow
10k wpt hard rock tomorrow, selling pieces for 1.1x, call or text me if interested
Yeah, I have to agree with that. Our imaginations are vast, and reality disappoints.
Waiting on slow people<<<
dudette, thanks! very exciting! west side hang times, very soon! o'brien's??
The only tweets coming up on my feed are people from this class lol
Please welcome DwyaneWade3News to the Max life
FIGHTIN OVER SOME UGLY ASS SHOES!!!!!
A witty woman is a treasure; a witty beauty is a power
There is never "enough" love.
mothers day is on sunday so why is it trending now
bright and sunny
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased. It can only be accepted.
shit sucks. missing twitter so much. hopefully be back by summer. miss you guys <3
RT : Thanks for coming to the Q&A cele-bray-she-own! // Of course! I'm always in for a good mid-day festival of awesomeness.
"But what minutes! Count them by sensation, and not by calendars, and each moment is a day." ~Benjamin Disraeli... Good day! Goodnight. <U+2767>
Great she hates me.
And now because i texted at 1 in the morning on ipod when i had my phone was taken away, i get texting taken away. Um excuse me!
YES! chicken! next year, your house or mine? sidenote: my mother #Jessed this year and didn't defrost the bird in time.
W/ a good strategy RT : Payback is there. i promise RT : Don't expect immediate payback from social media.
I should've bought stock in that the first day I brought it home for us.
had a blast ~ thanks.
Missed last weekends Antique show and need a place to stay in the Spring. We are conveniently located 5 minutes away just across the river.
Obama has Goth lips
Great minds think alike!!!
u have
Itss been a long as day
aghhh...Mayday Parade! LOVE them!!!
And by tomorrow we mean tonite!
RT if want moves like Jagger :P
have you had a secret twitter this whole time?
acting in anger never helps
same! I love them!
Running through the REM library today.
Me and jose are oddfuture freaks!!!!! Golf wang!!!!
RT : ": Call me a nerd all you want, Legend of Zelda is the best game ever invented." THIS EXACTLY
Words on my mind time to write a rhyme.
I wish would take me to prom ;)
Saw some great films at Full frame. Documentary is alive and well.
John D and Chuckie B killed it in the booth session over rest time and eggs tomorrow
Google is in "very preliminary" talks w/ executives in the record biz to launch a new music service to compete with Apple's dominant iTunes.
Debate set to resume on Canada’s F-35 fighter purchase
>;o) @ ...Wheatsville, Monkey Nest Coffee, Genuine Joe Coffee or Austin Java City Hall... unless they've sold out already!
throwing the ball buckets and bags everywhere in Alabama after the oatmeal man games
We can get you a bunch of quotes at once from several companies. May we help?
Very cool stuff. Congrats on the novel and film. Have they started shooting yet?
Oh Shit New York Rangers vs New Jersey Devils Eastern Conference Championship Series Remember 1994! Rangers beat Devils in a Full 7 games!!
I like the way you think!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to spit like a redneck from Alabama and it ends up dribbling down your chin.
haha, I don't know that will truly make your argument more convincing, but YES! Someday we have to meet up at SXSW or NTC
In the mood for some coffee.
You are right but surely Lawrie deserves some kind of suspension right?
Is anyone else missing ALL of their @ replies? It's like being in a twitter vacuum!
don't we have a enough issues regarding sex and sexuality?
CORRECTION:Not true that all conservatives are stupid, it is true that most stupid people are conservative.JS Mills's ghost
“: what officer?” - its a Houston officer. It's been on the news all day yesterday and today.
I LOVE BASKETBALL <3 =) #NOT TOO MANY GIRLS DO
Who needs Andrew Luck when you can run the ball on the pathetic Oklahoma State defense?
Group chat with my team is so entertaining
Miley Runs The World ! Please other fans do not compete
A student came into because he's interested in physical computing and electronic music production. We're here to help!
Drinking beer at the colts game is a much better idea than working... Sorry !! But I'm still
Damn, I was productive this morning. I even got the slider & back door windows cleaned. *sprains arm patting self on back*
RT : Mike WTFuckabee decides to let the other creationists battle it out for the 2012 nomination. #EmbarrassmentOfRichies LOL!
Very cool, man. Congrats & good luck! RT I was finally reinstated. Back to Maryland to finish school. Get that Terp degree.
ARCHIVIST FILMMAKER HULK
The membership will benefit all levels of players!
The Silk Tie likes Peter! Ex corporate employee here, we all need ites, thesilktie.com
Not bad Darren RT : Maybe the Patriots will score 316 points.
We use the OraQuick Advance HIV1/2 Antibody Test for use with oral fluid. It is the only oral rapid HIV test approved in the US by the FDA.
I hate bestfriend fights -.-
I know right? Sort of seems like false advertising.
I'm so excited! A friend is taking me to see Rickie Lee Jones in Feb! Rickie Lee and Schezuan green beans at the Triple Door. M...
Smh that #awkward moment when your neighbor comes over to drop plates off you open the door and he starts hitting on you :/
No school for me today.
": I'm about to buy a slip n slide. I'm freakin hot. <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>" haha I wanna come play if you do!! :)
Yelling someone's name in different voices until they hear you...
Shower, hot tea, bed
that and "oh yeah, you're car is out of gas" as I'm running late to class.
A child's #bullier can play an important roll in their lives, even a teacher. Open up the lines of communitcation now. Talk about
In a panel once, a guy said to me (w/ a BT dongle on), “I love technology!” I responded that it was growing out of his ear.
"a good ol fashion blowout here in game 1!" lmao real story
Couldn't Mike wait just 10 more days to a solid 1,000 before taking his first vacation since 2009?
Heike Neuroth: German alliance of scientific organization calling for training for all researchers in data management best practices
Late Night Happy Hour Friday and Saturday from 11pm-2am...stop by for Trick or Treat!
thanks for the support(:
would you ride me like a cowboy if I wore the hat?
why not at lion?
soo tired at work. should work on some music projects so I can stay awake.
If You Are Looking to Get Business Online – Know Your Goals! If You Are Looking to Get Business Online – Know Your Goals! Every savvy bus
Happy Birthday to super lady who introduced me to Twitter.
Halfway through the first session of the #SharpAllStaffAssembly. Amazing speakers this year.
Im in LOVE with this Cherry Blossom soap I bought from Green Fest yesterday! Had it on nightstand n could smell in my sleep lol
Always a pleasure to see Thanx for stoppin by
15 mins in and I can already say its not the same without you Piers! We miss watching you on AGT!
Bored... Actually wish I was at school to see everyone </3
amazing family super friends spectacular wife great place 2 call home work & a bundle of joy due to arrive in 41 1/2 days
and more land!
On the road again. Headed to Asheville NC for some grandma time!
I hope they do ! This is fantastic
can you post the podcast from monday's show? we missed the #biggestweek part and want to hear our friend Deb!
Been up roughly 48 straight hrs. Back to back all nighters <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
<U+2665><U+2665>YAY My internets back on! Im so happy!! XD Today was great.... until it ended earlier then expected :-(<U+2665><U+2665>
I love how Mixed Chicks products leave my curls looking nice!!
Love those Saints! Just love them!
um no. It was on my timeline. If u want I'll take a pic & show u. But I dont think i will have time with my crazy life. Sorry
#SmackDown ok get killed
Even if we never talk again...we will always be friends.
Some days, coffee is sweet nectar and nourishes my soul. Today is one of those days.
Oh enjoy #fireiceexhibit! Curator's favorite object: the watch. Sad but fascinating.
i hate mindless begayer
Do ya think about me still? Do ya? do ya?
I kind of remember him.
Anyway, sweetdreams y'all. <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Watch for my blog entry today RT re: Chloe saying, "Mom, when I grow up all I will remember is my parents hated each other"
Being on a train to the city this early is a joke!
General Joseph Hoar: Getting involved in Iraq conflict a major mistake.
I already know I like Google+ because it knows who I have blocked in other google products and pre-blocked them for me.
Lmao no one cares. RT : YAY! Flight is booked. Im out june 6th!
and his love for iphone cases. >>>
national weed day...hm thought dat was everyday... guess its gone be alotta lames actin like dey smoke and shit lol
Last night was one of those nights I WISHED it was two of me I wanted to do both things last night and i hate I couldn't!!
on the train I almost cried just thinking about BFFinChina & things have been good w her lately so I think I can semi relate?
Looking for some new fragrances for spring? Try Rocky Rose, Lavender Patchouli, or Honeysuckle!
Well, now the fans in Boston AND DC want to kick Joel Ward's ass
We all did what we had to do; <3
Today was surreal. Top to bottom. I am a VERY lucky lady.
sometimes i wonder who the fuck I am........ and y
Naked time is the best time. It's nice to strip down and kick back, nothing sexual to it. I highly recommend it!
everything i've heard from the new Beastie Boys album is promising. not mindblowing, but promising.
yes! the pasta itself was tasty, but the ravioli aspect didn't really work out. lots of tearing.
: I want to c my friend
Ben Boudreau would simply like to have his professors call him by his name, but this is proving to be far more difficult than he envision
Lolol absolutely not
Im on my skateboooaaard. Waitin on Ron Daaaawwg. And then im gonna leeeaaaave and drink my face ooooffff :-p
Starbucks cashiers give me odd looks when I only buy chocolate-covered graham crackers. In my defense, THEY'RE COVERED IN CHOCOLATE.
UR welcome! Thx for the follow back!
Credit card processing is not working at SmarTrip machines at Dupont Circle
I think you know who I am cheering for...
follow before she commits!22
Imma tell u 1 time boy i love boy i love u!
Who wants a phone call?? :D
DONE! 5,036 words, under the deadline, and out from my sick bed to do it!!
hope you get it together before its to late
Welcome to to the cap hill office!
Tonight's special - a bison buger with cheddar cheese, beer battered onion ring and blackberry bbq sauce, on a butter top brioche bun.
Check out Zen Blend off Slaughter Lane. Very nice people and atmosphere. www.zenblend.com
So excited I get to spend mothers day with my momma this year. Instead of working. <3
is bringing the s'mores right?
Watch our very own on in about 5 minutes!!
#ilookforward to making an impact on the world and improving life and conditions for every being in this conscious reality change the world!
Any New Birth members out there?
This weekend >>>
Krazy Karaoke on Young street according to Jason Jones...
what happend D:
Mayor Hancock: I want to thank Goodwill for standing in the gaps of this great city.
Realtors are making good money in the Energy Biz. If ur a Realtor, why r u not offering Utility Savings to your clients?Call 1-646-397-9817
How do you keep your little ones active & healthy? We want your tips for National Childhood Obesity Awareness Month.
it's amazing how many teams you can do that with. And most feel right.
Weird combos for froyo taste the best
roommate left early. all lonely~
Maybe if they served customers & not themselves.
Ugh my Following to Follower ratio is way off. #MaddieCoxProblems cc:
haha I shush I'm sick
If that was just one episode of glee I dont think I can take the next.
JESUS WHY IS CHER LLOYD SO PERFECT
Does watching Tebow on Saturday night count for going to church on Sunday morning?
Check out for the latest on fitness, health/wellness & nutrition tips, events, the truth & more!!!
Wake & bake at the telly.. Goodmorning world, going over my performance & rehearsing my material, I'm looking forward to 2moro
It wins all the time...: Shit is about to hit the fan but I'm not backing down. Kill'em with kindness right?
waiting for tomorrow morning so I can take of my holter monitor off
Passing 198 , *sighs* I miss my old days
Smith &amp; Wesson: The original point and click interface
Saturday it's's supposed to be 88°. wooooohoooooo!
Rest in peace, Jim Formosa. You were a giant in the field of distance learning.
ugh miss it!!!
I can never be close friends with someone if I can't insult them horribly and vice versa
Miami Heat are still my number one team. They will take this series!
is that what you do between plantings?
tried, site not letting me upload photo, at least from iPad or phone. Gave Andrew a work ticket.
According to my bank account, I spent the weekend in Illinois. I wonder if I had fun...
"Cruise like a Norwegian"? What, like Eric the Red?
Check out my profile page - I uploaded a short interview I did with Deepak Chopra - Words of Wisdom for Job Seekers - great advice!
Need instructor to teach legal sales to account reps & vendors.
I love it!!!! you are a great inspiration ;-)
Well, not as much as we'd like to (more coming soon, thankfully)! But I'll see if I can ballpark it!
no call it after it goes halfway
When Deelishis from flavor of love start workin at Magic City?
Motorola Mobility planning to leave Libertyville? - Chicago Daily Herald
Turns out it is really hard to make #BoomSchacht trend worldwide by myself, so please wish a happy birthday!
lol I was kidding, I'm sure you had it under control.
How come no one else showed for our friend's Celebration of Life today? Because I was one week too early! LOL ... More haste, less speed.
Sitting on the deck, in the sun, reading "Rock, Paper, Scissors: Game Theory for Everyday Life"
SHOUT OUT TO AL OF MY 778 FOLLOWERS! I LOVE YAL. REAL SHYT.
#FF I never #FF so when I do you know I mean it.
Just added all the pics from the blood drive - THANK YOU for your donations! www.facebook.com/amli535
Yes. Marcum is great value
Year of the super hero movie, avengers is gonna be dope, new batman movie looks epic and that new trailer for the amazing spider man! Woo
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. ~Napoleon Bonaparte
Sometimes they are required to card anyone who looks younger than a geezer. True story. What is a geezer? 92? LOL
ooh but u had fun? (: and nm haha im just tweeting
Pretty ironic...
Glad my work has been helpful!
Thanks...now I just need ideas on using good portion control.
Mark, it was so fun to meet you at DBC and discover your fab website. Hope we meet again soon!
There are few words that can be as condescending as the word 'neat'
Is your mom white and dad black or is your mom black and your dad white?
Oh okay . well dont touch my Prodigy ! i will cut you in yo dreams lmfaooooo when you wake up imma be there lmfaooo.
yeah that's true last time it felt like burned grass ugh
Do it for your relationship but more importantly, do it for you
It's not my fault </3
Thanks boy
Thank :) He is the one who did the awesome and hard job of pulling them all together.
my mentor in grad school, Bill Drummond, used to say: Community is a word reporters use when they are being lazy
damn people who feel entitled to free tickets.
At least credit me when using my posts lol
So anyway I give up on the family tree. 80+ first cousins is too much. I call them all Abdallah.
Taxes Day! My supplies: mountains of receipts, 1099's from about 30 employers, & a sea of post-its spread across the floor. Luke's: 1 laptop
I am working late Wednesday and Thursday this week
The words you say mean nothing, the way you say them means everything
Not about that baby cow life.
that track go hard . Everything koolin out hea . whats good with u shorty ?
RT if you love Niall Horan (Follow me, I'll follow you back)
I WILL FUCK ALL THESE BITCHES UP
Next week we welcome our 5th team to the NC JF office, how exciting and FABULOUS is that!?
Currently at the salon becoming a brunette
chillin at my gma house for the day
We're excited for our upcoming recruiting events! The next one is this Thursday at 6:30 in Narragansett. info:
everyone can be replaced
RT : Right. What's on the screen can stimulate or provide background.
Yooo where are you at ??? We need some more music out here in haha! <U+2661>
How do I have friends?..
Thanks Nick!
awesome! tweet me () when you're hanging out at the property and I'll come say hello!
Hi new followers! , , , (go Students as Scholars!)
Correction-Stephen Higgins will not be able to make it to Rochester for the Festival. Apologies...
I hate ticks...first one in my pupy this year...the little nasty buggers
we woad until your mom fucked me over
If u fall ill be there(: - from floor!
pretty impressive huh? downright synergistic even ;)
it was nice to meet you! you're darling!
I am about to dismiss you so fucking bad!!!!!!!!
when I eat pussy my tongue never gets tired like Da #energizerbunny it keeps going nd going nd going
True. He wouldn't hurt him, though.
At shack in the wood's gettin ripped!! Henny, Corona's laptop n lady on deck!! Find me if u can Lil puppet ! _ !
Otp w/ the bae , watching 2012 & eating a ham sandwich& texting mf.s . . This a good ass night. I know it's real OMS ! ! ! <3
Location is manhattan.
Wave to hit AM or PM? The story lists both.
Wow it's 66 degrees!
If this lady dont stop staring Im gonna have to say something
I will
Me and my mommy actually talking today :)
miss you too sis..i'll be down that way in july though
Where do you apply?
Afternoon coffee+tea=>terrible night. Don't do it no matter how excited you feel about your work.
Everytime I get a text or call I just hope it's you before I even look!!!
If you want new results you must take new action.
RT : sorry dooder #drunkandpissed It's cool man... story of my Fandom......
#followfriday I recommend that all social media folks follow & are building a resource worth checking out.
Has anyone seen the movie Black Swan? I really loved it. Tron is next on my list. Is it any good?
looking forward to seeing you at the Youk's Kids event tonight!
My pal Dick Vacca will be launching his book-"The #Boston #Jazz Chronicles: Faces, Places, and Nightlife 1937–1962"-on Sunday at Wally's.
what's the best #backlinking tool to use? any advice?
Sort of the kind of thing you'd expect to read BEFORE filing a $10 BILLION IPO Facebook Must Work on Monetizing Mobile
I hate when i cant retweet ppl shit.
don't stop Burger Time! That was an awesome game!
Big win for us. 62-59.
o yea your hand writing is as bad as mr. Sherman's
I will be singing at The Pizza Place Yonkers TONIGHT! Come see us!
being a condescending judgemental ass is no way to live
Ouch I got a boo boo :(
i saw a roach on the floor & it reminded me of you. (:
You put the idea I have been struggling with into words. I want to teach w/ integrity... fidelity to ideal, not system.
why should there be a compromise? Paying your fair share is the compromise
You mean when the skies open and the first light of spring warms the earth? RT The stillness in the Twitter air before Goe...
Trust Is Like A Mirror, You Can Fix It If Its Broken, But You Can Still See The Crack In Tht Mother Fucker's Reflection. <U+2665> -Lady Gaga
RT Going to #NYC for #chianti seminar+ #tasting. Any other #winelover-s going? >>Plan on the tasting! Also tasting #Oregon 2day.
Why is 28 so backed up?
“: Savannah smells like dead fish..” you get used to it.
Well I havnt been on here for a long time !
The unproductive is strong in this Jedi today
I Like you Logo & Twitter Background.... Did you design them?
Are you goingg?
11 more days of school left for this girll!!!
yo but for serious, we have many lil honkies, and I mean you can try but I would personally shit on ur face
please follow me <U+263A> I am your great fan<U+263B>
Paint balling next week I can't wait!
Congrats to the Croatian Eagles & Coach Toth for the great run. As they say, get 'em next year!
Do you want to go do karate in the garage?
They are hot!
Welcome to our new Twitter page! Here at Sierra Fitness we're ready to connect with you online. Fitness programs, latest classes. Let's go!
All of the collaboration tools in the world won't help if organizations won't bother to actually communicate to one another....
Depends, what've you got?
Watching 's "you're not alone" video always makes me feel better <3
Happy mother's day to all the wonderful mothers, especially my amazing mama!
Bad NYPD. No donut for you.
and with 5 minutes left, me and the other 2 uva dweebs dejectedly leave bar.
Rocks! Looking forward to hearing his new music. (:
Justin Bieber Tops List Of Richest Teen Entertainers - MTV.com
I agree. No JM boner from me yet ...
It's ColOmbia. Huge
i'm familiar with OO. looking for something geared more toward doc design.
thanks bro. For the record, what you said on ESPN was spot on. No need to clarify or apologize. You are a true Lion.
thanks Tania. hope to see you in Toronto soon
how r u beautiful??? Miss u tons.... Should meet up soon...
We've wrapped our main location, two of our actors, and most of our gear. Tomorrow feels like pick-up shots. Things moving so well/fast!
nah your not though curious though who were your other picks though?
Loll excited**
what a handsome dog
Great point by Trent Dilfer: Newly hired offensive asst Josh McDaniels will face the man he drafted while being the HC at Denver, Tim Tebow.
I love Texas. One of my favorite places to go. Ink...hmm. Where and what style?
cool dude! thanks for your support! u rock like no other :-P
Ms Davis funny Af
I would marry Harry
thanks so much! Tell all your friends please :) we need more people to vote too!
I sure wish will hurry back to ATL to paint my living room and bathroom! Geez!!
stay strong bruh bruh yo's pops is with you though he's not there physically and you better treat that woman like a queen
. Have you tried voice123.com? Make a good demo. The thing about voice over is that you can do it from anywhere!
You and me both! 3.5 days more of school...another week of paperwork, then SUMMERTIME!
It looks so cool!
#Spartacus season finally so f$#' GOOD!!!!
god I can't wait to see that, afterwards I'm driving from the theatre straight to the gym
RT : Jordan Needs To Start Making Condoms, Maybe These Niggas Will Start Wearing Them
: Please back online #poker. Licensed U.S.-based horse race wagering sites show sites can be regulated & age verified. Thanks.
Good night
Hey ladies! Thanks for the follow, I've always been a fan of your music :) - Tiffany
Happy May Day! Now where did I put that maypole?
How much is your PERSONAL INJURY competitor spending on TV ads this year? Let US help YOU win on Google Search with Pay-Per-Click!
I am really looking forward to seeing Robert Glasper in concert tomorrow!
We have a couple people that have been talking with us about it since the beginning. But I will keep you updated
Just absolutely tore it up at the gym... Bout to go die now! Grindin.
We wanna to thanks for been here with us.. We love all of you.. share this great with ya friends and tell them our finest tea + TEApot
"Oh my God, it's full of stars"
Come get this tasty Tangerine Haze for only $25 an eighth and $175 an OZ. That should warm your pockets and your brain up!
#111144 you look pretty :) and you wear red! :D AWESOME
And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch:
"a man" As if there is just one. In the US alone, I am one of 3 MILLION male rape survivors by the most narrow definition.
Did that for 4 years and ended up working 99% of the time that I was awake. RT protip: home office
you deep sister. i love your twits
We're at it again this Saturday! We'll be dancing the the HOTTEST DJs in the Bay until the early morning ! The fun starts at 9pm.
Impressed with Nintendo; 3DS has a pedometer. Carry it around and every 100 steps gives you a coins that you can spend in games. So smart.
2 more weeks...
the real world reunion comes on tonight at 10pm on MTV and tomorrow is the new jersey shore at 10 pm on mtv
Sheep: A group of people who lack the capacity for careful consideration, imagination, or individual thought, who follow a group blindly.
Super Power 2 torrent I love you!!
Noope I'm not I got out of that today muahahaha
Coffee is not a beverage... It's a moment of pleasure..ah
hey sis what's up.
RANDOM Random RANDOM! lol im actin wierd 2day! :B < Timmy Turner off of 'Fairly Odd Parents face
Just realized I'm rooting for the meteor in the TOR-OKC series. Hated both teams to begin with and they eliminated my babies. GO ICE CAPS.
RT if you would buy from 's shoe line!
Teacher Appreciation Prize for October is a $100 gift certificate to Amazon. Enter the raffle at classtrips.com.
Congrats #Seattle another record month for The trees and Frogs thanks you.
That's great news! Congratulations!
Monday we are at The State Fair of Texas! YEEE HAWWW can't wait!
God bless you.
I wish I could take back to Charlotte with me! Definitely stocking up on treats before the drive home tomorrow.
How come you sometimes put the link at the beginning of the tweet?
Thanks! RT : I really enjoy getting out of my office for a lunch respite #SanDiego get food, drink, ambience
"my source tells me you're a biter. To give you an idea of how good my source is, let's just say the Associated Press goes to him."
Cool. Thanks man
Bout to go in to my homie shit. WE BOUT TO MAKE HITS BRO!
'Tis the season of giving! Anyone interested in volunteering at a soup kitchen or other non profits? Let us know your interest!
No Jelena pictures, Justin unfollowed Selena on Instagram, then she deleted it. Hope justy is ok.
Hey you are awesome! Big Fan.
Cool. Enjoy.
Nice! Congrats!
I rarely say ''Justin Bieber,'' anymore. I just call him ''Justin,'' and talk about him as if he's one of my best friends or family members.
What's worse is driving past a Crematorium and hoping the good smells are coming from the burger joint next door. Gross.
Abrams, looking at a path where there are no tracks
RT : Q2) How do you educate your client on what’s possible?
haha come to Memphis in may you can drink with me lol bye the keg full
I almost saw a fight to the death at Fenway in the upper deck. Sox v. Yanks of course.
lol no liar! hey its been quite a while.... hahha
First guitar lesson tomorrow...nervous
Word! Would you mind if I it on my blog with your info???
hows the healing process going?
Thanks to Bob Wikstrom from Jerden Records for coming by my Puget Sounds class and screening his film on NW rock, radio, and Louie Louie!
Hey gorgeous how u doin? :)
Tobias G. Smollett~ Who bravely dares must sometimes risk a fall.
Lunch with the wife and trolls then off to show buyer
Hi you. Long time. Finished cross-country trip yesterday.
Off to go take my French final! Souhaitez moi bonne chance!
i know it had to effect the weight to. iad be very surprised if it didnt.we will see in a couple of weeks
lol. Thanks Simon. Let me know and I'll be glad to help :-)
#whatif we stopped feeding each others' addiction to political conflict and started making relationships with people we disagreed with?
We are the coolest cause we signed out names on the photo dark room
Rhodesian Ridgeback, Golden Retriever, or Black Lab?
You Hold The Key To My Heart<U+2665>
I have a head ache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Trying to discuss the syntactic importance of twitter usage in relation to language evolution.
rt We worry about what a child will become tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today.~Stacia Tauscher
Your smile puts the city lights to shame
have a Blessed strongstart everyone. Iman forward a Humble Camp Studio now. just sharing my first tweet with the world LOL...Blessed!!
It's worth it. They always give me free swag for Sabi. He got some water enzyme today for his breaf! It's kickin lately!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!! Now lets fuck shit up!
Thank You God For Blessing Me With Another Day Of Life!!!
How did you get here ; Nobody's suppose to be here.. I tired that LOVE THING for the last time
Regular clouds > Super Moon
Just thinkin about what the future holds for me !
Is it me or is the world being extra annoying today?
Just got new plates for my car - SPTG KC. It's ridiculous how excited I am that this wasn't already taken...
Just woke up from a nice lil nap...ah I feel strong again.
Last night! But it's on ABC's website.
Love news alerts that announce when the announcement of an announcement will be announced
Here's to the kids who never gave up with the going got tough.
Just had some potentially great networking happen.
Woke up this morning to #Trayvon coverage on the radio that was almost too much to bear. But I got up anyway, time for a shower...
Half hour on the bike done... On to the tredmill
Heyy butt head
Now that the holiday season is over I can start thinking about seeing some live music in 2011. Any concert suggestions?
If you fart in the forest and there is none to smell it, are you wrong?.
thanks! there was no muppet dancing this time around. I was trying to be "serious" so I did impressions of my cats instead :)
The quarterlife crisis is definatley real! The 4 girls blogging @ stratejoy.com make that very apparent! Haha check it out! :)
Big storms heading our way..another big hole in the state budget..and blake Haxton speaks out for the first time..all starting at 5 on 10TV!
"You're too gorgeous to be single." & you’re too ugly to be flirting with me.
Just finished up a few tweaks on my new track! Another one finished
Got a spam email the word "Cockzilla" in it.
Can't decide what I dislike more about my coworkers- laziness or incompetence.
Alex at Prison Planet talks with Russell Blaylock, MD, a nationally recognized board-certified neurosurgeon & our author...
As cool as it going to get. Im good though.
I'm sorry for some reason I assumed Prius had clocks..
William Hutton~ The charity that hastens to proclaim its good deeds ceases to be charity and is only pride and ostentation.
Who's the probable pitchers for the Braves this weekend in Cincy?
RT : Visiting today, just launched the greenest cup - carried &
If you want some tips on starting a group, I'm happy to share. Drop me a DM with our email address.
I forget that I'm a crazy person-- With dreams and aspirations and crazy stalkers.
We're a huge fan of Retronaut too. Such great photos.
Welcome back! So glad you found me on here!
Austin, TX makes Forbes: 10 Best Cities For Weekend Vacations: onforb.es/qbsRvA Or stay awhile! SolarWinds Job Opportunities: bit.ly/iDJpL0
I can say, seriously, that I adore city college because it reminds me of soviet days+euro universities. Cheap student food, bureaucracy.
did u get it can u do it now
my dance flow my dance flow Packed like a mug My dance flow my dance flow where thugs cut the rug - ray- Dio
I'd be happy if you just wrote more. :)
Darlin wont you ease my worried mind
freaky girl!
Who ever said this was a good idea is just crazy!! Worst fashion statement ever why don't you just wear shoes what's the point!!!
3 down, 3 to go! group project, exam, and two papers left.
“: #Twins GM Terry Ryan has an interest in bringing back Matt Capps. What would be a fair price?” can he pay us?
it happens. RT “: I was wearing new jeans today and have just realized I went the whole day with the sticker on my leg..”
put away the pink ribbons... Hear! Hear! it's black and white.
We would be happy to host.
Nice tease. Now I gotta watch the news later to see if I can spot the spot ;)
Hey! Life is good I'm really happy And blessed! RT : whas good witcha? i know you're welcoming back our nice weather
#expowest was really fun and informative. We got the opportunity to learn more about
#thoughtsduringoralsex Omfg does that taste like fritos bbq chips?!
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. ~Buddy Hackett
Rio All-Suite Hotel and Casino myvegaspeople.com/our-services/c… via rates starting @ $55 Limited time offer book your rooms now
Those cocky bitches in Syracuse deserved to lose. Nice job Buckeyes
I just have an anxiety disorder..theres a lot of things wrong with my brain haha! whatevs tho. it give me character.
Sure thing! :)
Over 1K ppl now watching the #SAGAFTRA merger announcement live stream so far! Wowza.
Dear Paul, looking for someone to build me a purely HTML5 e-commerce site in the vein of three.js, any ideas.
last time raw was at msg security didn't let punk in cuz they had no idea who he was LOL. never happen to
Rapping to Mac Miller while Bailey is throwing a tantrum :)
Hispanics are gonna go crazy when don francisco dies
I wish we had daylight savings time everyday.
Looks like we are tracking over 500 data attributes over 14 data types.. very nice.
favorite pie flavor?!(: lmao
So Lafayette... See you soon.
lol “: keep your negative ass in the house”
The bigger the bill the harder you ball.
Yes I Do! Kind of took a little break from it but I'm getting back into it (:
If Mike WiLL Made It, then I like it <U+E420>
Sending good luck your way!!!
Gaddafi blamed protests on: "drugged youths", "paid rats and agents", "Americans", "fundamentalists", and "greasy rats and cats".
dude too many ppl follow me on here to start naming names. Look around though and you'll find them!! Amazed me.
You've got a baby, that should trump all reasons. I wouldn't sweat it.
We all know that #collegerules go
i do seriously
Trying to make it in this industry is a nonstop work ethic and I'm so down for the challenge!
Which one is your home boy? Commercial just aired in NY
just because she humped your leg. One time!
Hey you! Bonjour
#ThatOnePersonInSchool that makes coming to school worth it >>>
What I wish to tell my professor, in Shakespearean fashion, with regards to my term paper: "I am not bound to please thee with my answer."
Folks well west and and north of town can expect measurable accumulations on the order of 1-3 inches.
Seriously between amendment 1 and the flyers I am like o_O
Must keep in the loop for tomorrows events
Extra Strength Gold Bond: the best decision you'll make all day.
(c) I want people to know I'm a christian, not by what I say, but by my actions. Actions Speak louder than words. (c)
Markets are up big....We think $CRWV is toppy for those who have not exited. New ideas coming up.......making money today!
. Thank you, thank you! Chag pesach sameach, to you all, too!
Those Zimmermans never stood a chance.
Good morning freezing coldness! Like where is spring ?
RT : Rappers are always like "You can't see me" but I've seen all of them all over MTV and BET like every day.
This is it , this summer is going to be MY summer , time to succeed with what I most want in my life !
Duke is OUT in second round!!!!!!! Who hooooo!!
Knock Knock, Who dare? Deez, Nuts In Your Face.
lol your spanish is terrible
Energy? Talk Boxers... Not a word! But energy's required! Border Collies? love labs, extroverts love German Sheps!
great chatting with you last night! Good luck with the kitchen.
LIKE LIKE LIKE! Try that link again: www.facebook/MeghanYoga
writing a #competitive analysis for a #nwindiana client quote fueled by #Journey, #Starbucks & of course, good #research methodology!
yes.. L-O-V-E! Then there are the triple-doubles!
thank you!
good you??
Excitedly waiting to see Rachel at her DC book-signing!!
Back to school Life!!! Enjoyed my time off...
happy post turkey, everyone!
Walker Rebate Wednesday on a beautiful day! Walk, ride your bike or take the bus to VIA today, and get 20% off your bill!
82% of official watch party thinks Romney will be the GOP candidate
“Yes! Heal up! RT : Long day. Surgery went well now it's time to get back 100%.
hey we'd love to be part of this, what's a contact email we can reach you at?
Hahahahahaha! True. The internet IS dirty. RT : Why doesn't Wikipedia want us to use SOAP anymore. The internet is dirty.
Your come from the dentist with your teeth lookin all good & shit but then your stomach starts growling cause your hungry af <<<< man -__-
oh em gee what does it say? stay...?
i bet you won't! haha
Are you at home most days these days? Receiving visitors?
sweet! thanks, ginny!
"Dollar and a Dream" is my heart on a disc. I have been preparing for it for almost 3 decades. Support the dream and buy a copy
LOL emily damn backpacks! its just not worth the pain! giant bags FTW
I forget her name but she was the one accused of stalking her by a few people on twitter and she told them to piss off.
Spending peaceful day at home writing my heart out, my thoughts are flowing. It's like God is whispering in my ear. My thoughts r beyond me
Steak always sounds good!
Rough week for the #Rays... Tough competition having to play the Yanks, and O's on the road, in consecutive series.
Mailed my COBRA check... y'ouch...! (two month's worth in arrears...!)
I certainly would wear this. It's a fantastic rain-shield, too
More Classics from Arcania coming up !
#show is finding way to refine the process n link ar sites together Magic Mike the host is going to that movie character a run for it cash
wow! So cool! What a blessing it is to do things God's way :)
I'm really in the mood to watch a good soccer game... Help a girl out?
I read that a few years back. Fascinating read, & shows much more about her than any biography.
idk something on your mind? Maybe you didn't finish your hw!!
I had nothing to look forward to tomorrow, then I realized is going to be on 106 and park tomorrow...my day has been made, already!
Someone please tell me what channel ABDC comes in UK!!!!!!!
Sometimes u just have to break the rules for fun :)
I <U+E022> you too girl. RT : I love youu <U+2764>
6th grade me: i will never smoke weed in my life 12th grade me: bruh
Well we would have stayed awake if your class wasn't a bunch of brats on the trip
I am not joking when I say that I have become a Nebraska Fan. Today's events are just embarrassing.
Good morning! If you're in the Vegas area, how did your dogs do with the thunder and lightning last night?
OH: "Because let's face it, hunting criminals is always in season."
I hate fb because everytime i get online on an actual computer its always the same ppl online to chat. Don't wanna talk to you. lol
diggin' the record, man.
Stay Focused even you get derailed. Just get back on Track and reach your Destination. me, Edgar Ribon just now...
When you need to call back and CONTINUE your voicemail on a 2nd message...you've talked too much. Get to the point already.
We utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
omfg you're too freaking funni. Stop.
in the process of moving, so most of my time is spent at work or packing
everyone has like edited photos and shit on twitter, my just a picture of me...
One Minnesota team down, one to go. Good job Bucky.
lol I will so make it on my bucket list -- but we all have to do really fun things
As you fall asleep tonight, dream in boldness and wake up with a can-do attitude
olive garden with the " partial " family <3 #yumfood .
Sugar Ray just came on in the gym. Remember when we used to buy cds? I don't.
is the only surviving one left. everyone else left sick. today I learned about imjin waeran.
Who is going to be our number 200? (again?)
Just saw Cowboys & Aliens. Good Flick. Way deep. A friend noted that Firefly/Serenity was essentially cowboys ( & gals) in space.
I need The Fault in Our Stars.
Tumblr is down or something? Oh noes.
: yeah, me too
The Heat are pretty good though.
Thank goodness justins performance was ah-Mazing he looked so fucking gorgeous & his performance was great!!!<3
Line-cutters are the worst
Put the whip down and back away. Self flogging should be reserved for, well, characters in a Dan Brown novel. lol
Michael Jackson died.
Just followes a bunch of people from twitter who followed me on INSTAGRAM! Thanks :)sstevenson503 on INSTAGRAM for those who want to follow!
Closing at 1pm: Boscobel, Fennimore, Highland, Iowa-Grant, Lancaster & River Ridge Schools. Closing at 2pm: Columbus Schools
I liked it! Amazing sets. You will love all the references to the TV show. And watch the crowd coming to the party...
that should be a tshirt
Shout out to for putting they Purple Patna in rotation
rather old smoked salmon, raisin bran, and strawberry yogurt - go!
Hopefully not here though! #whatmymomdoes RT : In the UK, the art of court reporting faces its final sentence...
People say its wrong to be #Sprung but its not wrong if you both love each other the same way and they ain't dwagin you like you ain't shit.
UPDATED: CL&P still working to restore power in Uncasville
There is a latent disagreement between Vest and Gutmann re: funding pressures -- will it be made explicit?
so is mine so you two are safe...
Called to cancel and Geico offered to credit me $900 if I stayed. I thought they were dumb. Now I'm realizing they're brilliant.
#ThisChristmas is gonna be the best.
Living near a synagogue with only on-street parking is great: on Saturdays I get to avoid the gym by carrying groceries three blocks uphill.
Yep my baby brother is 18?!?! Ah!!!! HAPPY BIRFFFDAYYYYYY!!!! Xoxoxoxo!!! Love you!!!
I counted said it 100 times RT : Count on how any times has said "Cavs' ball!" this game: 3.
Is anyone else out there using Memberfuse for their association's community platform?
5 second violation - Tech ball
We have the first streets clue! The street is named after one of the five boroughs.
I should go to Bees tonight..
Trevor Jude Smith: Ruining good times since before he was born.
when ii woke up this morning - ii forgot to give a fck
Hello all you Farmer's out there, stop on by tomorrow for any two top shelf grams for a $30 donation. Goodnight.
RT : ... Well.. At least there is college hockey! Come down to tonight for free superfan tees!
almost to pennsylvania! Wweee
Uh oh. A Walk to Remember just came on abc family. I think I'll have to watch it. #favoritemovie <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Even in this early stage, I still like it more than the Gmail app. Not a hard thing to accomplish but still...
my phones almost dead already :(
why thank you :)
wait what?
if you had 24 hours with me , what should we do ?
Kel does. He really really really really do-oes.
See you all in Ft. Lauderdale!
Really sorry, events have been canceled for this weekend. Too many legal issues! Hopefully new stuff in the near future!
Keep talking shit slut u and your 57 followers,U don't know shit about anything.Make your time useful suck a dick
yum I miss in and out burger all the time
Time wins Magazine of the Year
Meryl Streep is the best!!!
His story is that he is officially retired.
But will there be glow-in-the-dark insanity? RT The Oscars are just the Mom Slam Dunk Contest.
I'll be at Inkwood Books, 216 S Armenia, Tampa, Monday evening. Reading's at 6, reception/celebration of MAGPIES Fla Bk Award at 5:30.
Hello world! This is Joe Stanfa.
Spending my day trying to climb my way out of a pile of mail and school papers.
It's PERSONALIZED JERSEY FRIDAY!! :) Yepp you can register to win a PERSONALIZED Ryan Braun jersey! Just stop in today before 5pm!
#MentionYourCrush ______ yeah, that's her name!
Hey janimal! I'm gonna text you at midnight tonite
Distance learning models w/u of mn presenters.
The ball lied
OT is a big need for the Lions and riff was supposed to go 20 spots higher.
I love Peter Hernandez!! :) RT if you knew that was Bruno Mars real name :)
RT : A few spaces left in the Digital Audio and Digital Preservation Workshop on Friday
So Why The Fuck You Acting Like Your Country?
Love you BFF!!
So Colston decides to play football after my FF season is over.
It would have to be Thursday
say what
As moderator id like to make a rule change RT : No..Ugh RT do u get pts for having kane in otl preshow?"
GoPicnic featured in Everyday with in July/Aug issue - can't wait! Thx
RT RT Authentic leaders don't force compliance, they earn commitment.
what you are a strange boy.
Next panel: John Kneuer, Jim Kohlenberger, Election Year Debate: Alternative Visions for 2012 and Beyond.
New rule: no priority for Scarlet unless you are here - Jim
Have a Product Launch? will provide the exposure you need! We produce speciality events to cater to your needs DM us for info
Smiles from the whole panel when working with data and mobile providers was mentioned.
You offer #FREEBEER but when you ask someone what kind of #beer they like and they say #BudLight how the hell do you respond to that?
Watch “Basketball Wives” Season 4 Episode 1 (Season Premiere)
we have table now, ordering drinks. Please join us!
Omw to school
Nice!RT : too real for these niggas I fucks wit her
SFR is participating in Service Day today! We're reading to children at Jumpstart =)
don't be a hater
bro what's good
#ihateitwhen people make me feel dependent
thanks James! We're excited about it as well
Wish i was tall enough
Girl ask kid "Whats Love?" Kid: "Love Is When A Puppy Licks Your Face" I laughed but then he said: "Even After U Left Him Alone All Day".
come on man. That was so 47 seconds ago. :)
Great interview ! Thank you for sharing your passion.
i love that you posted this, , and i love that you retweeted this, i agree on both!
can't believe you cut your long hair!!
Attorney for Frank Jude tells us today he's troubled by the video of a police officer hitting a drunk driver on the head.
wait what?
Only 14 performances left of "Curse Of The Starving Class" at The Open Fist in Hollywood. Fri/Sat 8pm, Sun 2pm. Backstage "Critic's Pick!"
o ok that's wassup lucky u lol
are you on 10.10? have you used UbuntoOne?
Stop by Firehook Bakery & Coffee House for some great Breakfast fare!!!
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
can't forget them lol
NASI Board Chair introducing Dr. Westen for keynote on "Messaging #socialinsurance: Reframing the debate,"
Breaking news: single man responsible for all the evil in the world has been killed. All of world's problems now solved. Return to work.
Thanks for coming out to on Tuesday night to sing and hang with me and !
Yo we hope so, bring the team RT :If im in Richmond next weekend I def want to be at the mansion. :) miss y'all!!!
Justin Nozuka + political science papers + patience = one more month left.
Stinking snow is keeping me at home :( No Hawkey today. Come on boys, beat some Tri-City butt for me, I'll be watching on the internet
Going to bed early today: ain't feeling good
yeah... bout to change my password
Blackout Kim.
do I know you?
moon boots. Kid cudi man on the moon
Any working parents who need something educational for their children to do during the summer...check out LELC's "Summer Day Camp"
Theirs to many but my favorite was, when you guys were headed to the club, and Snook's was driveing i was like OMG! is this legal
One Month Today!(:
Nah we bussed.
Mission Valley U-T RT : Hello friends. I'm trying to demonstrate the power and reach of Twitter. Will you please respond and say
Nah i can't remember. But i think it was a blue ray disc lol can't remember
that depends on the construction material
noo just that one time (:
Borgman: Beware of Chris Anderson theory that now we have data, we don't need theory.
Need catering? We cater events of up to 1,000 people! 10 percent off for new customer orders. Call today! 614-891-ACME.
People who talk really slow<<<<
Off to my second class. Another presentation on the proper use of punctuation.
Wow! Where do you get this shit?RT Orioles SS Cal Ripken Jr never missed a game in 16 years. He played in 2632 consec games.
I'm watching Harry Potter right now... it's been a while :O
Thanks! Starting Dead End tomorrow. It is on my sofa table waiting:)
Dear Americans: Remember why you voted D in '08? Nothing has changed. If you vote R, you'll get disaster again. Just sayin' ...
Your welcome I can't respond to your DM if your not following me.
last night was. So much fun so many drunks people people on drugs. people. Hitting on me
I'm on my fuck that bitch shit ,
Eating pumpkin bread and watching HOA with in it? Great Monday night :)
#OccupyWallSt solidarity from Madison #wiunion, folks!
#FF Thanks for the shout out! Happy Friday.
this market has a huge shortage in people who can do industrial/commercial HVAC
"truth is a liquid not a solid" Jeannette Walls
I would never yell at you
Baltimore has been amazing so far cigs,suds,friends what else could you ask for.
Watching bridesmaids ! LOVE this movie :)
I'm too old to watch Bieber, I feel dirty.
LOL because I just shouted myself out...Opps
The international arrivals area of any major airport gets me every time.
FINE. I'll shut up.
It's chili time! We are down in the Keys at the Florida State Chili Cook-off. Yee haw! See ya on the dance floor!
Aint got a text from her Bside .........
Congrats to you! Started it this week but the ambien gets in the way! Thanks for e-readers to start again. :)
Which one is you?
I'm loving it. Doing groovy and grails using Intelli J as my IDE.
hahaha thats what happens when u stay at ben davis to long!! lmao
Leftover #SuperBowl cupcakes are finally gone! Now back to the healthy wagon and #workouttime!!
Tons of #NHL #Playoff react here- WWW.ussportspages.com
merry christmas everyone
Awesome! That was so funny and you look great! Very insightful. Have fun this weekend!
Happy Hump day #Farragut! PIERRE is heading your way today! Stay hungry my friends!
Thanks. I will grab a copy from amazon.
I miss christopher
ah who cares gat a transfer!! Alot of students have trasfers plz! We miss u!
Dear Twitter. Can I change my profile pic?
Good for Jeff. Hope he stays healthy and has been doing his exercises.
I think I need to have more dinner partys just for the #tablescapes to many ideas!
y'all better #swang tonight!
The only reason that I enjoy going to Wal Mart is that I can go to the electronics and take the Nickelback CDs and secretly hide them all.
Like Obama.I would support safe domestic drilling as a means 2 a end,with a goal of moving completely 2 Alt srces.
Wow. Great story on Junior Seau in the last few tweets from
It is still a very pretty day. New snow. MCTS MKE.
Watched Hall of Fame game last night, weird seeing T.O. in a Bengals uni...
whoa! "continuation feature" Sad to think how innovative simply continuing your existing game was back then. Loved Contra though
Today is my last full day here in #panamacity off to zip line in the rain forest and check out the
re: Hunger Games - they left some pretty pivotal plot stuff out, but the cast did an excellent job & it was very enjoyable.
Great! So u have steriographic hi fi?
Hey, is that a race joke?
yeah see I got my back up on this
Thank you! I am really looking forward to it!
After watching "Never Say Never" I must say...I have soo much respect for :)
That tripel Belgium is the same kind I brew.
How is your trip going? We had a great time on our little San Fran tour last fall.
No 3g if you can connect thru phone, otherwise yes. I can't and use 3g on iPad all the time.
I love when people you hate for no reason give you a reason to hate them.
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! UP TO 65% OFF!!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Yup. Mainly because you haven't realized yet then when you pose for a picture, you have to be still.
get the fuck off my TL with that. Go
your commercial played while I was watching TV on Hulu!
I've been sleeping so poorly that I feel like I might be dying. This is not the jet ski gun fight with bank robbers I thought would end me.
Getting an iphone....oh my god.<3
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad When she sees a white girl with a black guy!
mOney oN MY mInd Im sEeinG dollaR siGns so onCe i toUch dOwn kAnt wasTe no time #FULLTIMEGRIND !!!
Become a Political Advertising Intern w/ Google & cover the presidential campaign this summer/fall. Apply on AUCareerWeb today.
Happy Friday DC! Stop by LiLLiES in Woodley Park for our sandwich and side salad $7 Lunch Special!
nice to meet you too :)
Sidenote: FB's collating related updates suggests that I want to know about Easter more than I want to know what individuals are doing. Dumb
PARTY FOUL WAS MADD FUN!!! - THANKS TO EVERYONE WHO CAME OUT!! - CHEERS!!
Between viral meningitis, flu/pneumonia & heart conditions, we're keeping the hospitals in business! cc:
I need to get the second book too! Once the semester starts having a book club on the side is going to get crazy.
RT : cain status official: "Piers Morgan Tonight: GOP front-runner Herman Cain for the hour-Tonight at 9pm"
I know plus he said great things about the city even after e left
are ratings down? I smell HYPE.
I am a WORLD guy... So, I might as well just be EVERYWHERE in the WORLD, right?
There is nothing like waking up with God and communing with Him
You come highly recommended!
meiss my balls are on the floor.
I swear if they get back together i'm going to shoot myself......
i didnt know steve kerr returned to the NBA oh thats kyle korver my b'
ok, we canceled your active game, feel free to start over (4nh-ke)
thanks Sarah
I don't understand. Is the UFC part dance competition now?.
My friend Edward said he will come to my party,but only if it's a bikini party. Good thing I have a pool.
i feel ya, try to keep your head up and keep cool and calm, I know sometimes it can be hard but it's good natural medicine!
Happy Happy Birthday !
Niggas that be in Drama "Bitch Made Ass Niggas" All on Twitter and Face Book Arguing Leave that for the Females if Anything....
Not sure. You heading to DC anytime soon?
At the same damn time
nigglets try to get me a souviener on sat please since i wont be able to make it?:[ ~
I am! RT : Don't let anyone tell u your years of sacrifice to fix our city hasn't reaped dividends. San Diegans should be proud.
Sometimes I feel bad for hoes bc they get trashed on Twitter too much....but they do it to themselves Fuck em
as long as you don't stop saying 'cheers' to people as a 'thank you', it balances out.
Why does it gotta be like this?
T-mobile ad: "festival of 4G" or "Festival of Orgy" (complete with leering, pink eyebrowed elf)
is still broadcasting :) - working on some intern applications this week and some scholarship stuff. hoping to b done nxt spring
Poor kid. I'd be fussy too if my entertainment was fucking bible stories. Brainwashed little shit.
I had to unfollow her ass and her spam ass account
Wish I didn't have practice tonight :/ uggghhh
:) PS when are we having brunch and your actually showing up? #calledout cc
RT : UNION CAB in Madison gives free rides to the polls today. 608-242-2000. Let others know!
There's alot of talk about change, but very little is usually accomplished. Change has to start at the top, and it has to mean something.
*grins* hope some of your students thank you today for all you do to help them write and think well!
Charlotte in the morning!!
Day 42 of 100: I am thankful for great memories.
RT : #ff Cool videos for learning to sing, go to see the advices of those teachers >
SPECIAL VALENTINES DISC. FOR OUR TWITTER FRIENDS! STOP BY FOR A FREE GIFT! ENTER FREE VALENTINES DRAWING! CHECK US OUT,RETWEET ,LUCY XOXO
Wishing I could teleport to Indy. Three hours in the car seems like torture right now.
thanks for the follow - looking forward to following your tweets!!
I agree with all the clichéd writing tips except the one about avoiding adverbs. I don't get that.
FUCK BITCHES, GET TICKETS!
"Take that fannypack off. you look like a carnie"
Check out my
Kinda leaning towards sleep > bitches but the fact that I'm working all day tomorrow makes me feel like I should go out. UGH.
Check out Trinity's Local Community Magazine...www.ItsYourHomeTrinity.com.
essentially it is probably a way that your employer wants to track your progress. some do it by asking employees to outline
Happy #MothersDay to my caring, wise, funny, generous mom - thank you for all of your love & support, I love you!
“: On twitter instead of sleeping...#YOLO” this is me everyday tho
We give our children two things. One is roots, and the other is wings.
have a wonderful day=] #miss you
So rocked after the marathon that was #timelapse -but so validated!! Seeing the work send my clients into a (good) tizzy was worth it all :)
Thx for art love this week!
COM's longtime softball team 'Outnumbered' is in the championship tonight! Hoping to bring one home to 640 Comm Ave!
#mythoughtsatschool alright how can i take a nap in this class and still make it look like I'm paying attention...
The best thing about living in the country is...... Waking up and finding a snapping turtle the size of a dog in your yard
it's offset by crappy Russian goalie
Don't miss Washington office update! Happening now DCC C146.
How close was vote?
RT : Get rid of ppl who are bad 4 u.. Its not being heartless its jus using ur heart... LESS
Happy Mother's Day everyone from all of us here at GalTime! We hope you have an amazing day!
Hardship tends to unify. -Colin Farrell
i should write a book about all the weird prospective #roommates i have found on
Also sat by ?uestlove and Fab Five Freddy, since last night; YES!
Just finished filming with my story Austin! Hope you can see it soon!
Happy National High Five Day! Here's a high five from Yext!
Goodluck with househunting. I wanted to shoot my foot after seeing 4. It's a daunting task.
The Full Obituary from Whitney Houston’s Funeral
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage
thanks for the favoriting.
are they really remaking teen wolf?
not that I have a dog in this fight
The people in my creative writing class said that the only thing wrong with my story was that they didn't want it to end ;D
Basketball is a game of runs. It's how long your runs are and how quickly you can stop your opponent's runs.
No...I do not have an iPhone and I'm still breathing and in touch with the modern world. Look mom, no polka dots! Lol.
I went shopping with mom, and made cake pops with niece today. The holidays = quality time with the fam. Love it. Happy Thanksgiving!
i dont know i just hope she'll let me meet her .
Benefit goers of the American #Songbook Project "Name that Tune" find it fun! bit.ly/tm1hvM fb.me/18pfGic73
How do you read about historical debates over imperialism and immigration and not ask what people think of them,
But Can i Get a Dance..maybe a little lovin..
you forgot to say don"t lie now you will never know the truth
I'm trying to get a casa Bonita date going with Rojas, 3 way?
- Great selection this morning ..
Carol Maso's gorgeous Mother & Child begins w/ bats streaming from a tree & mother aiding daughter in a dreamlike transformation.
wassup wit my guy everything good
commercials on pandora<<<<
Transportation From Fort Lauderdale to Miami Beach for $65. In a lincoln towncar for 3 passangers
man I wish we could of linked up when I was in LA we could of def terrorized that city haha
Always!! Might just be a drive down and instantly come right back!?
Will you wish your fellow Paladin & friend of mine happy b-day tonight at your show? She graduates FU next week!
Just watched a duck protecting her ducklings from an eagle attack. Maggie's comment: I don't like eagles so much anymore.
When you reread a classic, you do not see more in the book than you did before; you see more in you than there was before. - Clifton Fadiman
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself.
We must be careful with new technology. I see too many teams moving towards mobile solutions without proper analysis. Cart before the horse!
RT : UC San Diego #breast #cancer expert Dr. Barbara Parker takes questions at our ’ Power Party booth Sunday...
I am in a New York state of mind right now. GO
re: tuition. I'm finding that not a lot of lib students researched tuition ranges before signing up for their programs.
Being single: people trying to cure you of a sickness you didn't realize you have.
i love best friend lesbian time. . .2 vaginas one dildo
My phones screen went out again.
#123 every iconiac has a chance to meet the boyz just don't give up don't never say never remember that word!! IB: MIKEY
Isn't it obvious who's been missing who the most?
Some intense UK battling as England narrowly edges Scotland 12-7.
Okay i followed u
Just abit tired lol, im gonna head off to bed :) Goodnight<3
lol sounds like how i was doing my mom a sec ago :)
thx for the mentions!
Haha! I love that you're pretty much always available!
Any update on Bad Dog?
Do you know a #nonprofit who could benefit from DonorPro's technology? Refer them & earn a donation to your organization...
Just don't let it be me!!
Kenny! You changed your "from". Noideaifthatmatters.
if you're not already, follow for fascinating twitter journalism
"Well I don't know if it is the finest museum in the world, but it is certainly NOT number 2" - Debra Dean quoting a worker at Hermitage
jc I love you and I know the money wasn't for you people shouldn't have done what they did .. Hope you are alright !!
I told gotti too come too the party , but he had too do a show. LOL
Mobile Adventurer Endorses The Ride! Big Time!
#kyderby, #kyoaks fans, May the 4th be with you!
And Jesus can drive and operate the hose!
this is grounds for dismissal!!!
After sitting there, it's going to be hard to go to a game and sit anywhere else.
thanks girl!
A study says you can solve problems more efficiently with a beer or two. I'm going to test this with some St. Arnolds and Starcraft
My Mom is in full on packing mode. We're all ready for this trip to start. It's gonna feel weird leaving in the afternoon for once
Trying to read Paradise Plundered and think but my ears are being subjected to TRIUMPHANT music because someone is getting married across me
hey its all part of my process !
lol... that's the most ming-blowingly cynically true thing i've heard all day.
Sync your Twitter and your Kuento profile and any tweet tagged #kuento will show up in your profile! Oh Ah (applause)!
excellent. Let me know when you're back and free :-)
Lol it's almost like in our minds it's the superior race to not refer to white people. I wonder if blacks think the same,ya know?
However, J has had 8 consecutive days w/out tantrums at home n at school until this morning
congrats anthony! what's your new title?
I wish i wasn't single.:( </3
you ARE inspirational
<-Loves when the date has all ones! 10/11/11
I hate when liars do their thing. Which is Lie
Shit the terminal says when it truncates "competitive_analysis" at just the right spot.
Glad you liked it, there's some interesting stuff in there...
that makes two of us
Movin slow off the syrup like a sick snail
Yooo! You're a hard working dude! I respect that!
Ew. I just heard my mom fangirling over Shades of Gray or whatever. EW
together could never be close enough for me to feel like I'm close enough to you.
he was at UNC. maybe just another form of pandering?
THAT is pretty cool!!!!Actually it's the coolest thing I've seen in my social media career so far. You are
see you tomorrow for a post-work cocktail hh?
Why is it so cold??
That is true. Super annoying.
Miley Can You Accept My Skype Request and Follow Me
We are proud to partner with you! #Hesselbein Ambassador
I can't tell you why I feel the way I do.
you change boyfriends more than you take showers..
when u have 4 minutes to get to the bus and your essay finally prints
bo the colts will be back
NOW RobertShiller speaks at #Princeton ThinkingAloud series abt new book FINANCE & THE NEW SOCIETY & more
YOU'LL JINX IT!
your cute c;
I can't wait to see Dean Ambrose debut!
Good call. RT So 80% of Pinterest users are female. I'm sure men will go there soon because of that :)
I'm sure. We should start a new hashtag. #thingsidontwanttoknow LOL!!
you should fill in the combined weight of both dumbbells- if you're doing 35's, enter 70. We'll soon clarify this in the UI.
Tell me what to order today. I'm like putty in your hands!
I can't wait for to release "Ruby"!
Thanks for the follow Steve. Let us know if we can help.
About how many hours is the internship?
Pick-Up line: Have you seen my enormous jar of "Penis Reducing Cream"?
Idnt even know !
...As a guide and mentor, it is my goal to help students take an active role in the learning process.” – Nancy Goldfarb #IUPUI English Dept
WE PROTECT SELENA
#Disneysongs_stuck in my head
everythings good sis just taking it easy
Gotta head out a bit early, sorry...working on some stuff at the moment gotta finish so I can be organized
But I have a color class today,,, yay!.
I would never let anyone else call me that. Lori.
hugs. As someone who also almost went that route...I understand.
Happy #SundayFunday from the !
Yay, it's our Chicken Fried Steak, a Texas classic #SXSW!
Waiting for Contraband to start.
this girl right her... Is the most amazing Best Friend a girl like me could ever ask for<3 love u (:
Might be time for my hair to change...It's hard to code with a cold head.
OF Course who wouldn't attach to Beauty Power and Talent! Stay Strong Sistah!
I told you, I just like the song. :3
haha and what would the lifeboats be for?
Headed to Boston! <U+E42E>
just finished the "i dont like" vid shoot w/ and #fb #leisurestylist ;)
": no cappuccino today?? :))) lol" no lol just Orange Juice lol feeling a little under the weather
what's up?
I think I'd rather be dead than listening to mrs caldwell. just sayin.
In the mood to tag. :/
Sometimes, when I'm feeling low, I go swimming in my book vault, like McDuck did with his coins. It's refreshing. Try it.
A true fan of isnt about whos got the most posters, who knows everything bout them its about who sticks with them throught.
WE WANT AN 8-HOUR #CICLAVIA! RT IF YOU WANT IT!!!!
We are just about fully booked for the rest of 2012! Contact us now if you have an inclination to work with us...
idk what that us but ok I I'll go because it's you lol.
hope you guys are all having fun over there. From the looks of the pics, you certainly are! Take care guys!
Haha I feel ya guys. I gave up alcohol, sugar, and anything fried the 1st of this month.
I hear ya! I pulled off 3 websites in 3 days... pretty intense even for me. Overdrive? More like warpdrive! :]
Grandpa Pervis should get his own show - Nothing like watching an old man get his diaper changed
Grace Period is a non profit aimed at helping teenage boys and girls in the urban areas of Washington, DC & Kingston, Jamaica.
McBain changed the paternity of the baby simply by gazing soulfully into Sam's eyes. :-)
And we love you back!
Oh God, Father, Son, and Spirit God, Thank you for showing the way in your law and your Sabbath.
agree. only detroit is the team i can think of for years that are consistant. look at the cards in baseball last year.
so nice to meet you too and put a face and voice to the name :)
Like a Laser?... Really?...Three letters..."J.O.B.S" Hoping for a change in the unemployment rate, looks hopeless. Nice work Ace.
To move the needle, Need to start local, but also link to broader issue/context #socioecological model
Dear we are out of toilet paper. Sad that this is the best way of letting you know.
Family Day Trip? Come to Scottsville! We are located right next to Dorrier Park & we have Four Kids Fudge - oh, man, you all will LOVE it!
" Once you say you're going to settle for second, that's what happens to you in life." - John F. Kennedy
so on the last episode of #QViva spoke spanish a lot...and she sounded GREAT!!!! #LookAtYouGirl !!
Gotta run your credit just to bring my name up
: Join OpenAustin at City Hall tomorrow at 5:45pm for Austin Chronicle photo shoot...retweet from Facebook blast.
Refuse to Choose - Barbara Sher!!! The Renaissance Soul -- Margaret Lobenstine!!! Both are life-changing!
I hate wen nigga try to
The secret to being right, is to be willing to be wrong & understanding wrong is never fatal.
ha ha ha.
I think i ate 2 much...
I love sleeping cause you forget things for a while
Lol, your right my team blows.
God hate those who hate his creations....ergo god hates haters:-)
That is great! Which products do you use? For a dog or cat?
The final presentation is by Brady Earnhart about UMWBlogs and Intro to Creative writing
After tomorrow I can finally relax and enjoy Christmas time!!
looking forward to the
You fucking played like you expected them to roll over and die after we got a one goal lead.
On my way to Santa Cruz. :) So excited.
Hi, Mickey. Not happy with the FAMU headlines today.
what's good man ;)
I'm so fucking hungry but there's nothing to eat.
I dislike Christina on Greys anatomy
rain and a gloomy day =( #thingsweallhate! Good thing there's Starbucks!!
Starving to death at my house. Day 3 of no food :(
"shake my head" :p
Just like another #friend "in his career he has 4 HRs on the last Monday of April when it's not raining and the temp is +52 degrees"
I wonder how many deaths took place during the Born This Way Ball in South Korea. Gaga comes out, you get excited and vomit, you go limp.
Twitterverse: Does anyone know the origins of the currently ubiquitous "space" language for startups? (e.g. the payments space, taco space)
#gslisui class '09: web services coordinator
A weakness: antique jewelry
blue checkered shirt, black skirt, glasses, sitting on steps of production/sound booth.
Are you a CTE teacher that would like to write for our Teachers' Lounge? Let us know!
Stiff opposition expected to casketless funeral plan
'Member thirsty boy from the set we worked on? Y he gon' text me 2 say his bro opening up 4 Ray J... What?! Lmao. Smh...
I feel like our school is going to be like 8 mile and is eminem
Need service, repair or upgrades for your computer? Bring it over to us in theVCB and our certified technician will help you out!
what's that spell?????
man you are making me jealous! Did you go catch some Spring Training baseball down there yet?
Are brains have been updated
dude idk but I want so bad!!!!!!
How does any person think shit like that is ok? If you want to do your own thing then cool but don't play with someone else's feelings too.
I love this song
hush up lil girl
I would be more than happy to, but cannot DM you because you are not following me.
I'd do you
I wish, is the only legit brogrammer at retargeter
#ItAmazesMeThat: Many small business still don't have a website, or even realize the return for being online?! Call today and we can help!
Awww RT : It's pouring! Come inside. We have a bucket for your umbrellas and another for your tears.
Thank you for the compliments! I'm glad you like it. I wish I had more time to post. I have a lot of advice
HELL NO IM NOT!!!! FUCK U!!! STUPIED BITCH
lmfao probably not even then. I want blonde hairr help me
Today's the day! Watch our BRAND NEW SHOW on at 9pm EST where kids and celebrities talk about the importance of failing
i get out at 10 so im bout go get my money then go cause i left it at home so i will go home for a minute
Respectfully disagree - I think of craft as the medium, and art as the message.
Why do I keep waking up at 5 a.m?! -_-
I didn't get an "I voted" sticker. What the heck?!?
It&#39;s Way Too Easy to Become an Expert Witness in Forensics
I actually have another commercial audition tomorrow.This is crazy, but true. My agents are still working, even tomorrow.Next week we play:)
thanks Russell! We are working on a mobile version...hopefully it will be ready by June :).
exciting! Ace, Zelly, O.J. and I can't wait to hear!
I LOVE this stuff. Thx
Thanks for your interest. We have every intention of expanding so hopefully we will be in Italy before too long!
this song Dreamcatcher may be the best DBs recording yet...
Come to Burro Bar tonight! Farewell Fighter is amazing! $5!
please follow me Sarah!!! #ILoveYou (: <33
those are sick!
very EPIC!!! I CANT WAIT TO SEE U!!! HEY CAN U TALK?
you too <3
Surprised that Greinke is back for the 6th...
Woo! RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER LOUNGE
that would be great. A #6. I eat from 11-11:30.
Encouraging residents to pay their HOA dues can prove to be a challenge. Here are a few tips, which are proven to assist your association i
That's so yesterday.
": Don't be upset and caught up in something you cannot change. Instead move on and smile. You deserve to be happy."
FEEL BETTER TIP: Simply stay present. Don't fight it. Gently bring your focus on things that feel good.
Swimming tomorrow I get to see my hoes!:D
hmm, hard to decide what "natural" means. Also, the Farallon Islands are technically part of #SF too.
Tejas Bar & Grill. Walking. Pan-seared salmon was delish. Service so-so, but food is great.
May you rest in peace Sen. Robert C. Byrd. Thank you for your outstanding service to our beloved state of West Virginia.
Sorry for the spam, folks. Took care of the problem.
#LoveYouMom Brunch Time! Second: soccer is the hottest sport a man can play, period.
Loves Employee Appreciation Week. Free food, games, and jeans!
So pissed off about my phone like I just wanna throw it away
Good Idea!!
just got an IPad 2 for Christmas, and the IPad 3 is already out. wtf
i wanna shout out thoo !(:
t.k.m. i no se komo dcirlo ok no
great job tonight! Proud to be a loyola grad.
He knocks me out of his way to watch Dragon ball Z
you on my dick but i'm ard.
“ that's wassup! Tryna be like me”
What do you get your mom for mother's day?
Never been sleep bro..but peace...LOL! “: u can chill fo now, & get a few mo z..”
thanks for coming out Luke!
ps you only said I couldn't put them on Facebook so...
Les Paul is from the same county as I am!
Click on view the agenda, select Item C-3 on the left hand side and download the powerpoint. Just like you're in the meeting!
Just like u... I get lonely too
is driving me to work wearing green elf contacts!
Wow, very cool!
what magazine is that from?
Monique-Burr Pro Am Tournament, excellent event, important cause. Did you play? If not, make sure you do next year.
20 minutes to get ready for work n I'm still in bed.. SMH
I still think I'm a newbie! RT For the newbies without their handy dictionary NED = no evidence of disease... ~ remission
On my way to visit in a few!
yo! Follow my ppl's & she will follow back...
Entertained by comments by reps from and on Privacy. Yes, it's true.
Awesome! The contest is still going. RT the tweet below for the chance to win a spot in a seminar with talent agent, Nancy Curtis.
Back at #NITLE Summit this morning; awaiting keynote by Alan Kay.
haha, yes. its my favorite line in alice in wonderland right now. today is also your unbirthday!
I think I am going to have to be on team blanket for this one.
Those you thought you could trust you can't. Off to the cottage.
I think she is still planning her escape. Midwife did a non-stress test today. She is a champ!
I got fired from Olive Garden because a lady asked if we had any specials & I pointed at a table of retards.
Thanks for the follow! Admire your line of work...
The Granola-In-The-Jar is also on my list for today. A list which, by the way, keeps getting longer and longer ;)
snap yea ghost was my favorite one until I unlocked marathon and lightweight pros lol
I'm finally legal woo
It's hard having vision when others can't see...
Morning everyone
So happy to find you on twitter.....I'm another Charlotte Mason/wholebooks homeschool graduate! Love your blog...
Jesus! I hope not!! Maybe just a bad sprain?
Hope you had a great 4th!
Art Alley Concert Series: to hit
Thanks for sharing our video!
So it's only 3 and my phones already going dead lol sweet
I feel like I have, um, TOO many thoughts to encapsulate them in a paper?
I'm in one of those moods where all I wanna do is hug you and give you little kisses on the cheek (:
Follow me Niall!:D <3 I love you!<3
Exactly. It was smart of you to get out of the “being a virgin” market when you did.
Also known as cardioplegia.
It's Beautiful to Witness the Growth.
Every apartment complex I'm looked at have reviews that go from "It's amazing" to "It's a cockroach infested hellhole."
Thanks for the fallow
so far le chateaubriand is the best food in Paris hands down, not even close. but they need more help in the front for sure! Props to Inaki!
That ball is Votto here
Thank you! Have a great weekend!!
Obama's 2012 strategy: don't be Mitt Romney.
Hon. UNITY DOW, our inaugural lecturer, will discuss her experience w/Mitchell Scholars at the Mitchell Institute in Portland, today 5-7PM
What is the most famous shark?William Sharkspeare!
J probably feels accomplished when I favorite her ;)
Celebrate the warm weather this Sat. with live music and $3 coors lights! Who else wants to start their summer early?
I am your constituent, I oppose SOPA /PIPA. Please do not treat me as a thief. Deal w/copyright infringement democratically.
RT : : Thank you for the tweets this week & socialmedia support of #ISDIP2012 - Great Coverage! TY!
I love you. A lot. More than you could ever fathom. Please don't let this tear us apart....
It's my first time! And some old dude just got shot in the face. Joel McCrea's bowler hat is shocked.
to raise fees, throttle data for
Shout out to my new follower !
Feeling like ass today :X
The Packers have traded up with the Eagles. They're on the clock - 51st overall.
Farm. To. Table.
thanks again for the celebration goodness :)
thanks bro. Im workn on producing a new short and Im looking for co-pro and exec- pro.
Inbox, why do you hate me so?
Time spent well today on this half a day.
Is amazed at how much more she can accomplish by working at home
I swear my ex don't appreciate shit! Tht ni**a needs a fuckin reality check, u need me I dnt need u 4 but 1 thing n I can gt tht newhere
lol, she's not following me.
I hate when it haves this stupid updates.
At work .
My wife and I are gonna tune in...but...last few episodes made her beg me to change to Dancing With the Stars dvr'd episodes
I just strighted my hair:P
honey, honey nearly kills me uh huh honey, honey
Email us to see what you can do next to preserve FLES and preserve a quality educational system in LOCO:
u and snooki are the best ;) u ladyz rock !!!
Who's to blame for the earthquake? Come on, folks, let's see some press releases.
I have successfully assembled!
Isn't it funny that so many people are afraid of the thought of their own death yet rush through life as if they will have a different end!
RT : Check out our friends on Travel Channel's "Food Paradise" tomorrow nite! Honors to 'Ward's Prime Rib Hall of
sick right?
#bandsilove Taking Back Sunday.
Cant believe i paid 40 bucks to eat a piece of wood.
hello ~^^ both of yews
About to make some new videos so be ready ;).
Hey ! We're set up together at ! Our little part of the fest will be radiating AWESOME!!!
MIDDAY TODAY: Welfare reform to Food Stamp Nation, w/ Jason DeParle & Michael Reisch, UM School of Social Work
yeah, man. 2nd ep already. it's good.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is a nigga to listen...
Can anyone recommend a good movie to kinda listen to while I stare at my phone?
Join us tomorrow night for our 3rd 'Steampunk Thursday" w/ music by & tasty treats by
Etch A Fletch
Who's hitting that cold world gig next week Boise?
: Jayd don't get mad if I tell you this. Me:okayy. Sam: your armpits smell really good. Both of us:hahahahaha
Moving to Indy starting...now
near the top of the bucket list: meet Bill Murray
Locals: Talk by Prof. Daniel Rosenberg TODAY at 3pm on "the modern concept of data." Harrison-Small auditorium. Full info at is.gd/VMVQBc
Can't wait for my yoga session tonight with Donna. Laughed too hard with Andrew today!
Honestly Mavs fans Durant threw up a prayer. It happens. Bad break... we still got DIRK!
Watching interview is so ridiculously awkward. He grills her about social issues for 30 min., she evades.
I could have gone fo a big mac! Hahaha
I'm still on FTP as well here in Vegas, but I'm opting to grind on Bodog instead.
Relax. We are still in private beat for the API. Are you a customer?
where you been buddy???
the Incredible 2
Please #ff a fellow human being
Show me some love and follow back! :)
I live with 3 female cocker spaniels and they know my emotions before I even express them, they are so in tune w/me
what about speeding up dispute for cops who kill or abuse? Yeah don't won't ever happen
I'm bored. Might propose.
will do!
--- bills post games in '01..... good times!
#FF people helping people reach their goals
ALways looking for the next gadget Telco Systems Brings Home ATCA Award MANSFIELD, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Telco Systems has been awarded
oh I completely understand some "Mahomies" are taking it way to far :p
*if! Ugh lol but thank you she really is :P
love that chris brown song - ladies love me
Who's serving up your favorite brunch frittati and crepes? VIA, that's who! 11 to 3 today, with 2-4-1 mimosas and bloody marys.
yeah you should follow me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> I'm usually pretty interesting haha
I had to leave Bcuz my school schedule was way to complicated
"satellite" reference is a good way to meet dept faculty and form new collaborations
That's for sure! RT : TRUE SPURS FANS ARE SO PROUD OF THE SPURS. EVEN WITH THE LOSS IN PLAYOFFS.
Peace be with you
Just noticed my colleague submitted a statement to the AU on Liberian refugees in Ghana...
following you follow up
did u not see the jkjk? wow
Ok so why is Shark Week so addicting? I should sleep now but I just can't stop watching!
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho call people w/ opinions "haters"
i contributed food colouring and money to SCAV. i've done my part this year. next year i'll actually do stuff!
three pages a day til Monday. and an exam on Sunday. and a Master's degree completion.
So today...... I did everything and nothing
That new commercial w Justin Bieber hawking cell phones pisses me off. If I wanted to see a douche on TV I'd watch a Summers Eve commercial!
I couldn't take it any longer... fuck a #smartphone I keep it
Step On Stage N Get Faded Just Like A Flat Top
Jack Schwartz: We are hoarding potentials so great that they are just about unimaginable.
well have fun enjoy your self :)
Matt Kemp <~ wow what a catch.
Jazz tonight! DiG JAZZ QUINTET 8:00PM - 10:00PM NO COVER - Seth Tsui - Trombone, Phillip Foiles - Alto Sax, Barney Quick ......., More
Yeah you are! RT: :"I'm on Twitter again... Thanks to and "
RT : Update on Read & React offense. Several of the habits we have been drilling have transfered to game situations.
Im not the type of person that annoce who is following, who tweeted me, or who dm'ed me. Why? Because its just who I am.
Good morning. Lots on my mind today...mostly about worrying about my kids and being a mom as all us moms do.
I hate thinkin too much . . .
I just passed I don't care, and now I'm about to make a right into I DON'T GIVE A FUCK!
Bad news: sugarcoated or straight-up?
haha wow! Sounds stressful.
#colab3titleidea Person: someone like your mother but not your mother, Person: someone you want to sleep with but hate
hope and max
LOL love her <U+E415>... Hmm I wonder who I would be... Probably Ross lol
what's going on in #cleveland this weekend?? my bff is graduating!!!! you know we gotta celebrate..... 0:)
so glad you're so real! You don't try to be so thin you're not! Good lookin out!
M. Twitter brownies.
He creeps me out w his on the money imitations of Freddie. He's an imitator. Did you see him imitating an opera singer on YT?
Welcome to the Indianapolis Colts Andrew Luck
Now your just somebody that i use to know.<3
RT With great (magnetic scanning) power comes great (science communication) responsibility.
It is important that #CATS be fed a high protein diet. If you feed your feline a dry/kibble diet, supplement with canned wet.
Dear woman doing your makeup and driving, STOP.
Destiny is not a matter of chance; but a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, It is a thing to be acheived...W.J. Bryan
Havent fought with my sister since Saturday, holy cow. LOL that's a good thing.
His sunglasses are Riedel
It's hard to believe anybody's "real" when so many Fake people been in your life...
Thx for including me! :)
Just ate at John besh's Luke in San Antonio. Yum! Frites were good but the hanger steak was best on the table!
Chillin chillin. Enjoying the day. What's up with you?
I'm so glad that I stuck with #revenge…it's deeper than it looks.
Getting ready to go live @ 10pm with my 50th radio show of "SALSA ES LO QUE HAY" Go to and join me! LETS GO!!!
take it off!
agreed, little cousin. Agreed.
Ask all the players who will use it for degree completion or other educational purposes. Seems pretty shortsighted on your part.
way to kill it on stage. Makin us Tennesseeians proud.
What u said about regret is Excellent! Perfertly put! Love It!
im comin back to atl tonight thou
I wish he came with us to Wine Riot.
Reality sucks. I want to be an Avenger. Preferably Thor.
Reisman: 3 buckets for understanding SS text: background knowledge, reading comp, historical reasoning (incl author)
I am in Las Vegas for business until tomorrow, June 1, 414-708-7033
Roses are red. Nuts are round. Skirts go up. Panties go down. Belly to belly. Skin to skin. When it's stiff, stick it in ;)
And this ice coffee omg yes
Congratulations to the musicians who have advanced to ISSMA *State* Solo and Ensemble contest on Feb. 25! See you in two weeks!
you should follow me back...it would make me happy
take a fan out...just saying.
Welcome Engine Company Sponsor OTIS Elevator!
missing you today :(
“: I will slay your friends and family...with my jokes at our engagement dinner tomorrow.”
good, I'm not alone
Three Tips for Maximizing the Meals Write-Off (Video) Accountant Mark Kohler offers advice for how you can make the most of this deductio
Time to move the knights yo-you see it in front of you , seize it! S/O The Invisibles S/O luv it
I've heard of a muffin top before but damn! That's Dunlap syndrome - her belly dun lapped over her belt. AKA the Gunt...
have fun
great question!
On the contrary, it is YOU who owns #DrawSomething !! You're awesome!! I'm so ashamed of my crude attempts and impressed by yours.
#vegasroast I swear corey thinks he's in the movie field of dreams when he comes to work. Dude has no idea what he's doing
I wonder which industries have the most conferences? Maybe healthcare, IT and government. Is there a conference density metric?
In the long run, kids killing each other > kids living forever by biting each other.
wish I was there
your my 4 letter ,4 letter word,4 letter word!!!:)) i luuv this song!!
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Caps fans woke up this morning only to realize its true...that did happen last night
Beyonce, stop being so beautiful
Spring is quickly approaching & it is time to think of booking an off-site retreat complete with a game of golf at Edgefield! 503.492.2777
*She's Not Me And She Never Will Be.*
This is not my morning. Luckily, I know things are gonna improve soon!
The spirit of the Lord is upon me.....................wheeeeee!!!! been just rolling-stay up twitter family
Are you also arabic? RT I keep hearing a clicking noise. Pretty sure there's a bomb in my house. Oh wait I'm DA BOMB. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>
Don't make a case for failure! Believe- think possitive!
thank u! I am nuts about them :)))
"Soul Swagger Entertainment - Music Marketing and Promotion". Simple but True. What chu think?
great food and better drinks!
Haha! I'm jealous. RT : Thank god for #TT and #FF for reminding me what day of the week it is.
AUDI's are tough bro , deff a good look though
do we share the same bday? Yay. It's my 27th today!
keep up the good work. You are around my home town! I look forward to reading more about your trip...
yess baby always
What a treat, more problems on the brownline. Running express from Belmont to Western.
Shouldn't the expression be, "You're not the Springsteen of me"?
hell naw man. We aint even left the house yet
Listening to little one suck her fingers and falling asleep in her bed. Then out of nowhere "I love you Daddy." Perfect end to the day.
I'll cop to that!
RT : first person to bring three large coffees to Diverseworks for tech gets a free ticket to the show!
Tomorrow is gonna be kick ass (:
I like the progress were making #dream team
Hobos under the bridge, It's 1:30 am. Your cardboard signs aren't glow in the dark. Skip the heroin & invest in a Light Brite.
Leaving the Skater shop. Imma mix it up this summer
also i miss you, and when i get my new car, i'll come visit you :]
Absolutely! But what if we use the same sophisticated data analysis used w consumer purchase info, to understand learning?
Alert! Monty Shoes Delaware. Clearance on Nike Bouncy hightops. Free pair to 1st Tweeter in store NOW! $40 off for next 2. $19 off next 10!
It's just a boo boo to a boo boo
had the best night ever last night!
writing songs is easy, figuring out a tracklist for an album aint that easy
Google AdWords Experts Reveal Hottest Online Marketing Tool for 2012 - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Three months latter: Do you have a wish list somewhere? If so add: Email notifications, web interface, de-duplication, auto fill
I'm giving in to the beast for the night.
You're very welcome. That bashful, "I can't believe I'm doing this" smile really makes it a stellar pic.
You didn't use your tolnaftate cream!
#Spinners get goal at buzzer, defeat #Constitution 22-16.
?If u ain<U+FFFD>t getting paid to hate or be miserable, stop working for free!
I love jerry springer and maury!!
hot excel tip: when you want to replace a bunch of asterisks, you have to place a tilde before it like so ~*
#FF #dosoemthing Great networks doing great work
it was pretty fucking funny to me, ignore the no makeup look haha i was laughing so hard it would've came off anyway
Thanks for the heads up! We're working on it!
Pizza Hut <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Feature: classic roasted turkey breast club with cheddar, mayo, bacon, lettuce & tomato on sourdough bread. $9!
yes! That sounds perfect. No hubs... hes working. Can I bring my dog?
Good look on them finals!
LOVE London! Esp in the rain. Went jogging in the rain there one morn. & ppl looked @ me like I was insane. it was glorious!
when your 3 year old brother says what what in the butt >>>>>>
Meet artist hero Lee Ufan. Asked about my own research. Mumble something unintelligible.
How do you "intentionally create intellectual collisions" using twitter? Very cool idea.
is my hero! Skating across the US for Spare a dollar, or two, or three for
Big Thanks to all our Followers for helping get the word out about our charity album for the Jan 8th Tucson Shooting Victims!
#deSym we are in the 1950s of sexting says Jo Ann Oravec & remember what happened to Lenny Bruce back in the day
?? what's that?
AMEN!!!!! i think most of america agree. i USED to be her biggest fan. seeing the real lisa was heartbreaking!
The amount of pure nothingness we do in english is actually unbelievable.
Thanks for the RT!
Doing live show with Len Mailloux - on-air with Sierra Leone and Ghana AT THE SAME TIME. Let people know to tune in now?
Welcome to the world where being yourself isn't good enough.
Gettin ready to head home for the holidays. A much needed vacation. Time to get away. Everybody be safe out there
happy monday to you too! :D
DO I KNOW YOU SIR, I DON'T THINK I KNOW YOU! LOL
Also good thing you told me that I have no idea where the fuck anyone in my family is right now.
Oh shit it's 4/20! You know what that means??? Two days until Earth Day! So stoked...
Thanks for taking a look at my site! And yeah, I haven't been updating it much... But the front page will have more content soon :)
Beauty is whatever gives joy. - Edna St. Vincent Millay
Straight up? RT : Free Agency!
Why does my baby Cocoa Butter is Chapstick/Lip Gloss :-/
Stay true to yourself, believe in what you do and try to be the best.
good luck over there bro
“: What are your plans after work tonight? #Trivia and Pint night starts at 7pm!” -celebrate Fat Tuesday with some brain tease!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
We can always have one in Ohio! :-)
Especially when they are well done...
Why do that.. then everybody loses.
Later, a robotic version of his childhood dog, graphically destroyed his father's co-workers. Creepy.
RT #browns phil Taylor tore his left pec, will undergo surgery next week, pat Shurmur announced.
Some people are actually protesting Desmond Tutu now? Are you kidding?
Just turned on E! coverage of the #oscars and Ryan Seacrest is already annoying the hell out of me five minutes in. Damn, boy!
So proud of you, Ruth. For all yr hard work, in all these ways. I'm glad you're allowing yourself the pride. Spin lots, ok? :)
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. Francis Bacon
Had a nice chat this AM with Terri Stacy on about our partnership with the rollout of our Parent Pledge.
Enjoying my coffee :-)
Crazy times right now we could use all the help we can get so thank you very much:)
still no tweet for your cool aunt?
ok, we canceled your active game, feel free to start over (2gx-os)
can we please pick up LaBoy.., chargers just released him
loves Pokemon and gangsta rap together
The more time you spend worrying about what other people think of you, the less time you spend on bettering yourself !
c'mon Rich, be nice to the promo dept!!
I think you are right!
If Bush really wanted to help Romney he should have endorsed
Don’t let anyone think less of u because u are young.Be an example to believers in what you say,in the way you live,in your love,your faith
“: Pillow of Winds: No. 3 Gin, lemon juice, sage-infused ginger syrup, egg whites” night cap
no he should have use miss and just assumed you have a bf based on stunning physical appearance. He's still learning.
Gonna listen to PYHU till i fall asleep (if i can lol) love u #GrandeDreams <U+E328><U+E13C><U+E326><U+E03E>
I'm exhausted...spent the day making body butters, aroma bead sachets and bath bombs, my house smells so good right now!
Justin tried to do a 'Nana' part in boyfriend .. it was sorta a fail.
Someone mention Carpenter's THE THING? It screens here at the in several minutes.
And that the Mansion party better not get rated.
Oh no! That's horrible! :( So sorry to hear that. Keeping your family in my thoughts.
nice beer pong performance tonight. Tomorrow we shall overcome our disappointing loss with a monster win!
What's to the right of the pretzels? Also, Kit Kat is good ANY time of the day.
man I swear own lie but we to turnt up
To celebrate #leapday just had a 4X strong coffee! Hoping to do the same with my scotch in the evening!!
im only gonna watch the rangers game cuz ofyou
I'm coming for you one direction...
super moon!!!!!
NYC bound tomorrow, excited to meet my other cooking cousin :)
wow, thought I was the only person who listened to him lol his brothers are awesome too.
Had a VERY productive day in the garden. I love the de-stressing it does for me!
Liz Engelman's new word: haikeet, a haiku that is tweeted from Hedgebrook.
I'm going to miss lax so much...
You had me at meat tornado.
I been smokin too much
Seems just like it was yesterday I was hanging with Alex at a soccer game or fall festival..I miss him.
ps I miss your laugh!!! And moans when you eat! Ha!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when someone wakes me up
Do you mean pic of Wid Wadman actually drawn by indv reader? Haven't seen that, wish I had. Perhaps ask Sterne's editors?
I will be framing this tweet! :-)
94 on my math exam and i have no clue how to do half of this shit.
Not only can Charlotte sing...she has a sweet last name! Love her on
Wrath of the titans! Lets see if its as raw add I think lol
lol! Good luck with that, man!
go get some
damn phones lost connection lol busy signal rest of the day “: ... The moment she says "Hey, I gotta ask you a question" ... Ehh.”
Woot. I'll update the post with the time and location soon.
Happy to show appreciation to a wonderful group of women
St. Xavier gets two runners on to start the T3, but can't push any runs across. Trinity leads 3-0 after 2.5 innings. Tigers have stranded 4.
same old dude. making tht music. how u been?
Home visiting the folks on Cape Cod. Great to get a break and inhale the salty air...that is while I'm not reorganizing closets.
I got one ; do you have a band aid cos I scraped my knee falling for you <3 :)) Lhh
getting the fishy's sloppy seconds
Need an agent for acting or modeling email me or message me at www.facebook.com/csyeager for more details mention me fast
#Mobile can bridge the info gap between docs & patients. When #patients stay on-track w/ their #health, everyone's
A2: The opinions you hold.
LMFAO well sometimes love makes me do and say crazy things
RT : Webinar starting in 10 mins! Join us as we discuss the latest global macro, commodity & equities trends....
Thanks, Lorna. I hope so!
so what is your verdict? Mobile Web or Mobile Apps? [sorry, I'm biased by being part of the DOL Team :D]
your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.
Just heard the news! Congratulations, Ansley! So proud :)
Hey Kim!
glad you both had fun! :)
It's a good show, enjoy!
HOT bands at Frank tonight Burning Hotels Little Brave. come out and party with us
Very big things coming up in the bear future. A beatport remix release and a special collaboration :) who's ready?
Milwaukee high school student Jakayla Dills joins us next to talk about her trip with superstar for
We enjoyed sponsoring the Houston Corporate Paralegal Luncheon yesterday!
2) Greinke has the stuff and command of a #1. Hasn't been able to perform consistently enough to that level.
going to lie and say they aren't? you know the funny thing is, the school will make a big deal outta this argument goin on.
I really need to get better. I have cabin fever bad.
good! you?
No studio tonight :(
Rest in peace, Dick Clark
Ah - recertified for SPHR one more time!
Wow nice ad plug Miller64!
Dear High School Reunions, You are now obsolete. Please contact Facebook with any questions.
I've got the Subway all to myself! Peaceful dinner.
Worst day of high school yet
Me too. I fell in love with them. I might take a pic, but I just don't want it to look crappy by tomorrow. Hahah. :'D
k will do
Ha. Thanks to your strength in the force, Clarence Thomas did something cool for once in his life.
Totally appreciate the ! Thanks so much!
Part of living and growing up is experiencing unexpected troubles in life.
He must be on that #DaveRamsey RT : Raise and shine... Only broke people sleep.
trying to warm up after watching two little league hockey games in a row! we won one and tied the other! yep, i am a "hockey mom!"
Omfg he was putting the fries in his ear. Wtf Johnny.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Fans at Players Championship not sure how to behave when seating not blocked off by tarps.
That moment u realize that ur team has to "somehow" guard westbrook and durant...and oh yea sixth man of the year james harden O.o
What??? People are so dumb.
That thing where you've responded to three texts in a row with puns. And loved every one.
yea thanks for the invite Lisa...that's okay I see how it is.. Haha Have fun
Didn't get to last night, but planning on checking it on Thursday.
Watching "The Craft"... This movie seems a bit aggressive for 1996.
"The " is my favorite part of tonight.
HAD A WONDERFUL WKEND.. I WON ULTIMATE GRAND SUPREME @ INTERNATIONAL FRESH FACES STATE.. I WAS SO HAPPY!!!
Gregory #maguire does amazing voices!
Got tickets to LOVE!!!! Gonna hit up the Aria tonight
What might make less suited for a collaborative vs. individual project?
TY Where are you dining on Thursday?
it's my best friend Jake! Hahah
#BackWhenIWasAKid the internet didn't exist. Isn't that strage to think about? You newbies won't be able to relate.
What is happening?! DID YOU CALL ME? CALL AGAIN!!!
sounds like a toddler making excuses, I loved his tantrum, such a baby
so many ppl in this I can barely type
go to sleep nao, granpaw. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> goodnight.<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Thanks! I'll post updates.
I JUST barely threw away my favorite bra from 7th grade that I've kept forever even though I can't fit it. IT'S YOU.
I'll make my official pick in July. Leaning #Texans RT : who is your pick for the superbowl this year?
. Art keeps me physically and mentally active and challenged, which keeps me alive and healthy.” Dave - Metal Arts craftsman
Hatch Staffing Services would like to wish everyone a wonderful holiday weekend!
Q's 4th grade Music Night...
Tweet with your questions for and #DIY and #crowdsource car manufacturing - starting now
“: A heartbreak is a blessing from God. It’s just his way of letting you realize he saved you from the wrong one.”
sorry for the hold, had to do a couple of hours . . Dec 2013 is the date!
I'm awake barely though
Tim's teapot? in PA idr the name but it's someone's teapot haha
Another fantastic word! ...and what I'm about to be when I have to go out in a few minutes! Wishing I had some wellies.
Just don't give a fuck lol
When writing about product/service benefits, focus on positive wording instead of negative.
When this life is over, will u be proud of what u've done?
Thanks Ronnie!
Keeping me busy today!
RT : Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. ~ Pablo Picasso
Forbes strangest homes for sale in the US. The Unabombers home made the list! goo.gl/cGMIs
so tired of this happening. Don't really understand how can't fix this "bug". Seems pretty simple
im sowwy bby i wish i was going :(
RT : #NeverInAMillionYears will you get the ugly bust down that's also your cousin
Looking to indulge yourself after a tough week? Look no further than JT Shoes. We have got the retail therapy that you crave!
DON'T FORGET TO UPLOAD PICTURES FROM THE VIP AT HMB <3 LUV U 5EVER
In order to lead you must first know how to follow! I am still learning how to follow.
Hopefully my nana dont have to stay over night again. Would really like for everything to be fine again.
Do u think whn Slayer wlked out of the stdio after finishing RIB they knew they had made the best metal record in history?
seen the police at yho house lier . qn aqain twitter just had to say that
Sounds creepy!
hahaha no it wasn't bulletproof. I wish though
Retweet if you'd LOVE to find out who won this week's Marukan Gift Pack.
": Im done with the bullshit, forreal."
O yeah! Exactly how it should be.
the jamir miller we never had?
For me, definitely. For you, possibly. It only costs $20, so even if it isn't totally applicable, it's low risk.
what's up.. send me ur question
hahaha! U know how we do roomie!
do you know when try outs are?
If I'm following you and u not following me back im bout to unfollow u NOW
People are pretty forgiving when it comes to other people's families. The only family that ever horrifies you is your own.
To live is just to fall asleep, to die is to awake
would you like to take a survey?
our favorite apps from #cleanweb are and TACO both powered by ! what were yours?
So Chalmers gets the last shot??? Lebron is really scared of that last shot
Get back to number one on keek!!! He deserves it! Love you Austin and good luck with the move! <3
Ok so I just played "angry birds" for the first time... shit was kinda cool!!
cool! What & where are they?
stupid why
she said she's gonna buy me some new J's! Lol
Especially the main guy ;);) lol
At Miami airport waiting my flight
Bad pains every one of the 500 or so times I performed (sang) as a child. Transcendental Meditation fixed that (and more!) right away.
The hawk's played better tonight.....go heat!
My grandparents live in AZ, they live right next to eachother. So every spring break when I go there, we hang out.
followed, follow me back please? :)
“: just arrived at UW for Science Writing there is a hashtag fight! #sciencedenial or #denialconf?” the first one is the official
"I thought it would be at Imagination Stage."
Awww he's adorable!!! Congratulations on being a mommy:)
In this give or take world I got what it take
100 percent yes please.
Every good leader must also be a good follower, but when the time comes for you to lead, step out and lead well!
Art or gym and haha
Why do women wear makeup and perfume? Because they are ugly and they smell bad
"There are no gains without pains." - Benjamin Franklin
"Can I build around fifty miles of Tehachapi mountains? Don't be thick in front of me, Al."
Oh I know, wasn't it inspiring? Happy Monday, universe!
when is your birthday gorgeous?
love is never easy but when you find the right person its worth it
I an serious o.O
We love Doug Kirby of Roadside America! We're looking forward to a good collabo for our Muffler Man doc!
dose of extreme metal with Children of Bodom
Janett left me with her keys to her brand new car while she's in her interview... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
My 2012 resolution: Relax more, yell less.
You should be proud of yourself SocksWithSandals is trending:)
DynosaurCreative is too many characters for Twitter . . . got any suggestions?
Everything happen for a reason.. but at the end of the day they all lessons!
Ohh thank God !
i liked it (;
#BJJ intro class tonight at 7:30pm. This is the last free intro class we are offering, so come on out and give it a try!
Come see us Saturday at the Rusty Grape Stomp Fest! Enter to win a massage, facial and Obagi Gentle Cleanser. Five lucky people will win!
DUDES. we just ate pizza in THE HOUSE WE JUST BOUGHT. whattttttr
My vegetable juicer has been risen from the dead ^_^
There's likely 2 be little policy difference based on who wins next election, just as Obama wasn't the change we hoped to see.
My mom just sent me some photos of her in Greece. So jealous. Who wants to plan a trip!?!
that's my wardrobe from You best recognize son!
they might want to be a firefighter and risk their life for a 401k.
yo u should just follow me on here
So pissed off.
Senator #Al #Franken breaks down crying, we'll tell you why coming up on the
I did already! I said, "OMG, do you know Carey?" One of your friends said that your sons went to school together. Small world.
I might graduate in may ! HELL YEAH! Bring all the work ! I got this !!(:
so that wasn't written with 100% sarcasm?
I love downtown Houston so much. <3 not even kidding. The skyscrapers are just so pretty.
That Highly Questionable show on ESPN2 said they weren't interested in watching the Spurs play cuz they'll easily win.
You guys deserve the rest..
I wonder if it's just your blog or your template? I can access mine on the lefthand side (in the dashboard) under "pages"
Google+ offers Asymmetric Sharing. Less of a broadcast system than Facebook or Twitter.
hardy vs jarret
Don't know whether to be amused or nauseated by politicians saying Happy Mother's Day on Twitter. Really sticking your neck out, guys.
Among the many reasons to visit Food and Drinks 2.Cozy Fireplaces 3.Ross
I got kicked out for being nice
"Basketball Jones" by Cheech n Chong.This features #GeorgeHarrison on guitar, #BillyPreston on organ, #KlausVoorman on bass
Calling all colleges in #Dmv before you go home for your break I have TRAVIS PORTER performing live call 804.245.9688 for table specials
Finally Finished Painting For 2day
Enjoying this...good read, good information__ www.cygresearch.com/burksblog/?p=390
FALLEN ANGEL.
No rest for the wicked... Long night so far with a sick puppy...
I need input on that.
If you ever catch Kinedy doing the Donkey Kong please take that pic!
Philip Rivers is still spelling his name like that.
Kevin Millwood vs Andy Pettitte...what is this 1998?
you're right. #rhinestonecowboy is a great song.
Good morning. Who made the coffee this morning?
what are fuck up world we live in PEOPLE
Good point, Adam. One difference is that SAH moms don't earn money for those 97 hours.
Addicted To Early Morning &nd Late Night's Finna Be Up All Night.
I don't know about you, but I'm about ready for Felipe Lopez part 3.
Oh my heck, there are cats outside fighting and they're really loud! Hush cats! People are trying to sleep! You shouldn't fight anyway.
Presenting Monday on Folklore and the Printing Press
“: follow my buddy from #Wisconsin. He knows where the bodies are buried and put some there.” Thanks. Is it the haircut?
" "Cano is late on pitches he usually hit to LF...will be back to Cano we all know soon" ...<They all will...lets ride it out!
What a weekend of Bach B Minor. Vance and the soloists are back home, and we're writing lots of Thank-yous!
me too girl fran
I don't have ex's, I have Y's. Y the hell did I do that?
Betty is nailing it.
haha not yet. But soon!!
Gogo and AeroSat get friendly on Ku-band, bring international in-flight WiFi closer
now following
you have to see my closet. & hahaha so funny -.- xD
So, obviously you should just move here already. No-brainer.
Site visit in Liberty City this morning. So much more work to do.
new sheets <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I don't feel bad, only lost a $1.00 playing
Watching a program on #natgeowild about a koala hospital in Australia.
What's up with all the sirens in NoPo lately? several times this week but lots late last nite
follow me on instagram same name on here Wildcat_Mike.
That awkward moment when your three alarms don't go off and you miss your philosophy final.
aiight im going to bed....yea i know it's early....
CATS!!!! Thanks for a fantastic year....
I ain't cocky much but...I'll put #theCAMpaign up against any cat comin out this summer str8 up!!!!
;;; i never knew that i could fall in love with someone that i don't knoow in person.. but, i'm honestly in love with you! :c
40's are in the forecast! C.A.N.N.O.T.W.A.I.T!!
Follow ur boy back
is following everyone but me ):
Go ahead. Replace me. After all we've been through. Best friends? Yeah right. <\3
In Florida. Writing, writing, writing, writing.
200 crunches and 3 mile run
Why not Sherlock?
haha, we know what it's like. Let us know when you're ready!
Hi! Lke the site?! It was designed in house. Please contact us at
TABED up now its time for me to get my GED
Had an 8 hour guitar session, writing and figuring out the final versions for songs that I'll be recording for Bed Time.
What up everyone
Does anyone watch the new Green Lantern animated series on Cartoon Network? I like it!
I hate naps.
- it was epic!!!! More diddys to come!!! Xoxo
RT r_vaswani: Drinks and tapas at Sirous in west Hampstead! Amazing night with live spanish music!
Just opened a beer with my flip flop...thank you
Wow so last night I told this guy he looked like a Homies cartoon and he thought I said homeless, so he went home and changed.
that movie n song freak me out!!
Thanks for following. Look forward to getting healthier via your tweets.
And if this is what we've got, then what we've got is gold. Heading to Atlantic City to see I am just a little excited :)
love you love you love you. Let's follow4follow? yes? try the link on my profile if you need free promotion.
im still cooking breakfast woke up late
I'm serious just tell me when and where
that's right!!!! Hurry up and get over here!! so we can do this thing! hahahaha :) Get some in that too!miss you
get next its yo job....I'm sure u can stat awake then....luv u
I love your bio - it's so true! "Attachments lead to expectations Expectations lead to disappointments"
I can't believe I let this happen again...
fun(: & nothing much:p
because they've been around longer and have hella dedicated fans :)
i know everybody enjoyed the last one! But the next ATL'S "Bridging the gap" Dance Cypher is coming Feb.17th!! 8PM-12AM !
Sat at Red Brick. Hog and Hops. 6pm---Until. $20 now, $25 at door. ALL U CAN DRINK/EAT. Pig Roast by Parish, Costumes, Live Music.
I'm still awake! (barely)
A few #auditions coming up, and working on #website edits and other #marketing projects with my #manager!
i'm happy at this point in my life .
what racetrack in this season you want to win so badly that om your list?
chrome poobah Brian Rakowski on their product dev strategery: build more talk less.
didn't find anything too weird, but several things i haven't seen in a couple years!
Should've went to Rita's cause now i really want a blendini :(
u are beyond lucky
me and ron in working on these maple floors after ac both ac units flooded the floors and required them to be repaired...nodaysoff
but seriously. L.E.S. by #ChildishGambino is just amazing. Those strings >>>>
Guess I should finally get around to watching Captain America and Thor, eh?
pretty chill week! my sissy is gone all week:( I MIGHT DIE! hehe
Really? Man, I thought it was great. But, more cheese couldn't hurt!
Thanks for following me! Hope you like my artwork!
Great NYTimes piece! I too used to make a not so bad latte. My residence was the Starbucks in Huntington Village.
I am actually. Your phone should be put away missy!
r u winter vaca yet... U shud text me
As a photographer I absolutely object to any bullying against photographers especially coming from Gaga.
has been posting some GREAT recipes!
Haircare Tip: Trim your ends every 2 months
Nah, never have been. Hack-and-slash clickfests have never interested me.
I hate responsibilities and the older you get the more you have... shit is wack!
Yes, chips and queso! Sometimes I make it with cream cheese. VERY good!
hi Bobby please RT happy 21st Birthday to she's a huge fan! Please!? & thank you. Much love.:-)
for the army!?!?
Lol @ linc "the problem with this new generation of girls is they listen to too much beyonce, you can't tell them nothin"
Happy Star Wars Day!
Got him! Go Baltimore!
Gonna buy like 4 energy drinks so that I can survive today
do it!! although Grand Rapids is pretty great. we're in a show up there tmmw at a new(ish) gallery. Heard of Con Artist?
lol u funny
Planting my wisdom tree at www.iwise.com/youtego
Privileged to follow movers and shakers. :-)
- me, TheRealArty, and yo_bj were all at one table yesterday (I think).
I have a headache.
We certainly apologize for the mix up, what was your order number? I will make sure the correct on here sent.
Hi I'm a good Guy --- wanna play * Chuckie voice*.
My first real earthquake! That was scary as shit.
Midwest jazz fans! Coming to in Ann Arbor, MI and Nighttown in #Clevelandjazz May 14th and 15th with guitarist
Hahaha no my aunt works for a brewery and she gets free tickets for Riverbend all the time (:
stresses the "why" question. What drives people makes a good story great.
They can because they think they can. -Virgil
at least he's wearing button downs instead of ratty old t-shirts? I say that's a definite win.
Visited AAPT DC today, product on shelves this or next week, no later than 5/20
Thank you for the follow! :)
The house you are selling is probably nothing like the house where you have lived. Get ready by cleaning, painting & staging.
I would recommend #ModernFamily. I don't know if you're into biker gangs or pot smoking Elijah Wood.
#MadMen just referenced Percy Bysshe Shelley: "Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair."
I'm reading BETWEEN SHADES OF GRAY, by Ruta Sepetys. Beautiful, and I'm freezing because the book takes place in freezing cold.
- saw your tweet about AK activities events. How's it going? Starting to feel like spring here in the Bay Area.
Home from work and praying this thermostat replacement does my fridge right- ready to relax the night away with the stupendous
shyt they have it at a couple places. Its not common though. Eye HATE that shyt. Especially when eye don't know the usen it
She is a G!
Distraction is definitely helpful too!
People who have the nerve to bash only celeb's are wrong because their people just like us. We have no idea what they have been through.
Wings etc with Holly ! :)
Time and Gems Plans Their Annual T&G Wholesale Event
Shower Time! :)
Throwing away things that remind you of someone you don't even talk to anymore.
Use gmail's canned response to create templates saying thanks for writing. Use your blog to address thoughtful emails. Then rest.
dinner with us tomorrow night in Buckhead?! We love you!!!
Wish i had a girl 2 go hoop wit
Playing Wii w/the hubby
Having something cute to stare at >
#agreed RT : In business : The greatest compliment is a referral!!!
: I would love to see as a guest performer on the #xfactor.” she is the nickelodeon's kca fave asian act 2012
Finally watched Louis CK's new special last night. It's my very favorite one of his so far.
psyched for a musical audition today! there is nothing in the world like singing...!
#ForeverFly RT : RT : where can I get a forever fly shirt at?
...low on carbs: appetite is a bear AND folks who go Atkins style NEVER maintain weight longterm. I have a simple formula...
Hi instead!
#dogperson all the way!
In Ned Rorem’s apartment he methodically gave me ALL his choral music as I prepared to conduct his 70th birthday celebration.
Now I'm all, "The LAST PAIR? Other people put their smelly bare feet in these and stretched the display one more than it's mate GOD."
that drink needs a chaser!
we swill see next game.. Lol
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
thanks for the mention! today is chardonnay!
The boy weighed in at 10lbs 12oz in his latest checkup. Three pounds in just 4 weeks since he was born! Mama has some good milk
Tai-Chi this morning and a fruitful meeting for the new project!
Bad news.
Have you taken this survey to see how much your mom "salary" should be?
I feel for Ravens and 49er fans (except for the ones who are threatening players)
being friends with exes isnt that hard.
For sure
Yo sad news... doesn't believe in
don't forget I'm also, single-handedly, bringing the city of Detroit to the forefront of the US economy.
A5x processor, quad core graphics
#Daytona500 not everyday you see tide being spread on the track
Its here where you showed me how to feel betrayed in the weirdest way.
also said Gabbert was far and away the best QB in the class last year.
Waiting to see who won must be pretty nerve racking for Buzz and Wolfie Jr. What do you think they’re doing to pass the time?
when is the fight in this video, clip is 2hrs long hehe
you down to drink
Just woke up from the sweetest nap, damn... working now kinda sucks!
Drinking alotta water an granberry cleaning out system an slowing down on drinking
Thanks, love!
RT NJCraftBeer: Smuttynose is not two words and Blue Moon is NOT a craft beer.
about to download some old school music for the two hour drive back to philly
Depends, if the Clips knock off the Grizz this is bigger. Roy's last hurrah was sentimental, but Mavs won the 'chip.
True. True.
Ugh! Tired Of Homework! Hahah Off too My Friends House!
Poca Middle boys = Big win over Winfield! #take that!
SHOW TONIGHT @ PUB YAHOO! EVERYONE WHO SAYS M.D.D. AT THE DOOR GETS 50% OFF ALL MERCH!
Who's Clair? Tell me more!
RT : The designated drinker is the unsung hero.
Come on #CUSE its
Your phone froze? Well leave it on the counter. It'll thaw out.
Get a clay wash & detail after rainy days to avoid damage! Call for our daily specials (619) 928-4848
its kobe fault if they lose
After the pre Derby stories, I still like Bodemeister. But Union Rags looks tough to beat.
All they are trying to do is ruin us, but its NEVER going to work so they should just
wish I lived close I'm down
don't forget to go to angels gate cultural center on Aug 13 for their opening. Starts at 1:30
Working on a job app, writing about my old library, and kind of missing my gang of rowdy middle school patrons
motorcycle boy reigns!
LinkedIn you must be pimping me in whole new ways because I can't keep up with these connect requests.
Come to MY house & try to fight me.
thanks! This race felt better. I think there was less current. Missed you guys :)
I'll think about it!
Downers. Doldrums. Depression.
thank you , I love you for living it.
Held back & ran only 3 miles this morning, felt awesome & fast :) optimistic about calf strain, yay! Easy 10 on saturday?
Do not call me a doe! I am a human being! RT : Sure... I admire your optimism doe...
haha but he does kinda look like a baby fish thou
Dont Miss Updates regarding The 20th Annual Southern Fried Poetry Slam 2012 - LIKE that page and be present JUNE 6th - 9th
RT : fave teacher button quote: "Those who can, teach. Those who can't, write laws about teaching."
Got written up twice got my ninth tardy and I lost my packet for English.
back, got this crazy whiteboy saying D-Ridas back!
no. Darn! I left like 30 min ago
“The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.”
#boysshould stop pretending like they care about girls on twitter, when they are always the heartbreaker! <U+E411>
And I can't believe I just messed up your and you're. I always judge people for doing that.
Cigars don't smell so bad
Exercise your creativity muscles today by channeling your inner toddler, and start asking "Why?" and "How?"
Call it a Curse , or just call me Blessed (:
Two groups are going to FDR, one to Lincoln and one to Jefferson. Good luck and no dancing!!
I'd love to be, can I roll with your crew?
I would be like you luckyy!!... soo how was it?
in Walmart tweakin
Q: would you date with latino guys? Yes I would yes yes yes.
No Packers at the Premiere this year huh? Is that an invite only or did they decline???
Surprise! Weeks strikes out!
Fack stuck in class and my car windows are open... To leave or not to leave
For you to wear upon your fleecy down, my meadowlark, sing to me
Particularly since the lone bright spot to date just gave a grand slam. You should expect it out of Veras by now.
We love our new cards featuring pics from our collections! Can't wait to share them.
October 27, 2004. I fractured my wrist high-fiving a stranger from a moving car. Worth it.
Timid people protect themselves from mistakes but wonder "what if"...Bold people make more mistakes but recover and find what is fulfilling
My dog used to eat bird poop off my patio.
would be so great to replace that rino with a real conservative!!!
The starting point of all achievement is desire. Weak desire brings weak results. Napoleon Hill
I wonder how liked my homemade hot dog this morning on fox 6 Milwaukee.
What are you up to tonight?
Very sad to see that it's up supposed to snow on Sunday -_-
Oh Tuesday night drinking
Game of Thrones!
That game was cake
Maybe if I bang my head against the wall super hard, i'll knock out & wake up in 7 hrs for school.
I just saw your tweet about your dad! How is he?! D:
problem-solving is creativity, and doing so as a team with designers and engineers involved together = joy to me
I wish I could rewind to Saturday night. What a magical night. So happy right now :-) If you want something badly, you can get it!
i hope you have a concert closer to Kentucky, i really like you& your singing, you have a great talent!!
The first thing my friends say is that I look like a mailman. Greeat. x)
Awww! I just asked Callie yesterday if she'd met Clair yet; she must have remembered. So sweet! Don't you just love ENA?
At church. My long lost home. <3
*Lifting the trunk door up, and revealing two brown bags* Brown bagging it, baby. *Flashing a wide, playful grin*
My favorite show:]
I'm going to fail algebra next year, can't wait
the damn skunks still!!!!!
mike a stay knocking back cherry cokes
pattie wants justin to take it slow with selena. and hes not ;o o.O
You could leave out the "...on a train" part.
King Felix made his first career start
MANHATTAN AFFAIR
I want to be the next female body builder. C'mon, I'm compact and bulk easily. LoL! Alright, alright - I'll ask !
We also use Omniture at my agency. Not a fan! GA is much more flexible for my analysis needs...and without the ridiculous $$$$$
haha, <U+263A> I'm ready to come back home !
OF COURSE! Rock it, brotha. I'm rooting for ya!
Thanks everyone! Especially We'll be replying to your questions as quickly as possible. Have a wonderful weekend!
Even tho he said no i bet it is((;
Thinking about East coast friends........
wtf yo my crack is gone some one o me money for touching my stash.
I saw some impressive custom Volkswagen models there. Anything catch your eye yet?
I agree and my source apologizes. It was NOT said in a public forum and the gathering was tiny.
e! RT : Anna ( staffer) just finished the !!! We are so proud!
Going all Hornbostle-Sachs on us for #MM???
eBooks and equity - maybe easy for affluent, but an issue for those in less-affluent areas; library has to bridge digital divide
I think you should have a contest to see who gets it right!
i don't ever wanna be like you, i don't wanna do the things you do.
that feeling you get when you really like somone
Today is a very quiet day, mentally and physically.
HA HA!! You dug deep for that one!!
Hanging out in the Coder Lounge
watching Making a feature in three days. I like it!
so u know I had to put on "School Daze" right?
so why are you saying it
The SKY is the Limit
A belated Happy Birthday!
im sorry <3 there was a girl working who had an mgk tattoo and a guy wearig a shirt <3
Money make the world go round. I honestly think its not the route of all evil.
To me a "cheat meal" consists of 2 bowls of Fiber One Original cereal with a protein shake as milk!
#jlo performing on #idol tonight? so bummed i'll miss that. truly bummed. i'm sure it's gonna be amazing. my sarcastameter just broke-LOL:)
enough already! 8 spam emails in 1 hour is not ok! I was over it at 1 per day. Who do I contact to be removed from list?
I should've called the police on him last night..Family will turn on u quicker than a stranger!
So many things to look forward to: #ArtAlive and Summer Salon Series at , Busker Festival and !!!
be happy darling!<3
PSU Seminar. All invited? Is there an admission fee?
You do know that Jefferson was an #atheist, right?
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 6. I really want to see the movie "the Woman in black" like, REALLY BAD.
Today is a good day! :)
My cockles are getting really warm up here
Crazy Halloween Weekend!
God bless and cover this day.
have fun at miller park tomorrow!
"We softened 'em up with machetes." -
what if all the hot VA music stars made a song & music video together?
you just tried to place my shirt :) lol
at the Churchill Museum, go to Nov 11, 1918 on the board.
politeness in politicians? Carl demaio completely ignored me in elevator! Said "hi" he acted stuck up. Why?
How I love <3 he's amazing. But will I ever get noticed.?
yea mines
Buck is just an vastly inferior version of the Bogut free throw.
Ms. Mead I am working on a song for your show with one of my artist Miguelito Lamorte, We'll have for you by this coming week.
same! It's gonna be a long night
ah, I didn't know Russel and J had an anniversary to celebrate! LOL
I'm definitely having "one of those days"...I might just keep quite till the weekend comes. Distance clears my mind
I'd love to visit the philippines but I don't see that happening. Just run, when u feel like u will die run another mile :)
Domain has been purchased. Now setting up SquareSpace. A few more hours, and the rest of this bottle of Liberty School, and we're official
RT : "Don't forget to speak positively about your competition " -
Happy Record Store Day! Play a record today!
Hm. RT : Hello friends, family, and fans. This is my official account I finally found the time to join twitter.
I like cheese :-)
Peyton Manning had a very successful career w/ the Indianapolis Colts. Where's he playing next year & do u think he'll continue his success?
She can pronounce mozzarella, prosciutto and gelato all night to me.
Great fight tonight Bigg Rigg! Congrats! Thrilled we could support you! “: Thank u guys for all the support”
HARVARD SQ: CARAMEL APPLE and BANANA flavors. Tastes so good it'll blow your mind, and then some.
Social media offers plenty of opportunity for your business because it is highly accessible and scalable to your market.
Demi is the only girl celebrity that can make girls question their sexuality.
haha thanks sweetie :D Whats news?
oh ok! Is it a small town where your moving?
#AskPierceTheVeil Can I be Mexican one day?
Mfers don't be talking bout shit
And the #Brewers play again at noon... Exhausting.
The Ides of March was SO GOOD.
Anyone looking for really creative programs, check out the MCA Denver. They took risks w/ staff. This is the result.
Haven't tweeted in a minute! The ZAK! Downtown show was amazing last night! Look out for pics and videos soon.
I'm gonna have to figure out this F# thing sooner I later I guess. . . .
I want a heart with some quote, but not completely sure yet.. lol
So true!! RT Please Let staff know asking for sugar free or certain milk is not vanity-may be HEALTH issue
Flash on Tap tickets will still be on sale at the door for both the full event and party passes. See you there!
soo im sitting here bout to drink a milksake and watching Everybody Hates Chris
call me bro! / what Are you going this weekend
not necessarily...now you can procrastinate for even longer!
Oh, and I sell a kick-ass seasoned seaweed salad.
u.u ! Thx, you helped me 'cuz my spanish teacher is some calm, and sometimes I don't understand! :P muy divertido!
Westminster Presbyterian Church's #babycontest last evening was uproarious and the babies adorable.
#ChuckNorris CAN eat just one Lay's potato chip...
so awesome. it's really steve's fault tho, he made for a pretty bad first impression.
hahaha it was literally just us tweeting
Bible study tonight then going for a night run! :-)
Watched the little mermaid in espanol in spanish class today:)
BOOKED the lead role in MAC & CHEESE, a New York Film Academy Thesis film directed by Emre Lufte Cicek. Shooting starts February 2010!
Thanks for the shout out , and happy #FF , , and Happy Spring!
I have no fear of the 49's. Bring that to Green bay in Jan. I was there in 95 and will be there again in 2012
Heaven came down and gave us life! ~ You Deserve the Highest Praise
You're the harmony to every song I sing, but I wouldn't change a thing~
I only trust the person that I see in the mirror .
I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just hang around until you get used to it. Charles M. Schulz
This group of bumbling ninny candidates only wish they could raise their status UP to that of one with Downs.
: What was your response?
when will I realize that the internet will still be here in the morning and I should just go to bed?
>WOW, on LG's A list - I'm honored
thannks to I want McDonalds for breakfast...
I finally caved & bought an iPass today on my way to class. I feel like it's a direct line from my wallet to big government.
Who went to the midnight premiere of "The Hunger Games" last night? Did you enjoy it?
Have a good day, night, morning. I'm going to bed; been sick all day.
thanks for the follow !
There are way too many protests happening at union square right now. People need to coordinate.
This way, "Bitch you nuts, look I only fucked you once, how you gon' get the message, I ain't called in months"
St-Vincent sounds great!
I'm not "emo", "goth", "rocker" or whatever. I'm just Ashley.
": Going home finally" Run, Melanie, run!!!!
“: Just got my tickets to the brew city stomp down. this shit better crack” it will!
that is an excellent observarion sir...point taken
The new Abandon All Ships is nothing special, but definitely an improvement from anything on Geeving. I'll give them that.
I want all the books.
hahah :) ur like the star football player there arent you?
Back in LA baby!!!
I paid 7 dollars last night for a slurpee at the Mavs-Thunder game at the AAC. #signss of the apocolypse
“: what's wrong?” nothing hun!
#aawlc honestly, most of these questions were subjective.
Cheers to a coffee shot!
Trout Tickling is going to be big in 2012.
Tonight at the Launchpad Domestic Disturbance!! and Miss Rock the Ink contestant submissions will be accepted!
as many hits as they've had, the M's should have won this one in regulation.
In the country with and
I'm so sorry to hear that...<\3
Tune in to the tomorrow morning btw 9-10am to see #OlympicChamp perform on the Rock Center Ice.
doin' ok, man! Much more career centered activity lately. Cool to see all the EC-ers on stage at Gramercy!
Bed head, makeup down my face, and PJ's in the car, noice.
Cornelius Tacitus~ There can never be a complete confidence in a power which is excessive.
Most experts picked the Penguins as the playoffs’ unsinkable ship, but not only have they run into an iceberg, they’ve hit rock bottom...
Season 2 of #downtonabbey starts now.
if schooling means losing
U have such an adorable Twitter icon!!
you used the term beezo hah. Excellent.
Test post from new phone.
good to hear man. will keep your shoulder in my prayers
I promise in real life she's an awesome person!
Nothing in life is to be dreaded. It is only to be comprehended.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!.
I just wanted to tell you that your new album is amazing! #NotJustYou is an amazing song! I've been listening to it all night=)
"Let go of those who bring you down and surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you."
What about #Tyngsborough?
broke out the vintage synths this weekend to put together some early-80s-style film score pieces.
Nothing can compare to the feeling of sleeping with a comforter fresh out of the dryer.
I get inn till the sunrise, ayy!
Handed the heffie wort over to the yeast beasties...let 'er rip!
A queen's nightmare: Harassment, discrimination, double standards, you name it. Cannot wait to tell you details!
have you heard anything about that shark movie? Maybe we check it out this weekend!
Not working
Just because I'm from Georgia, doesn't mean I dated my sister...though Dad says she's a great Kisser! :)
u 2lol I have been able to get Wi-Fi in like forever lol
I am in desperate need of some seltzer water
thanks for the RT! LOVE THE SUPPORT!
Now Ben Bentzin speaking about Interactive Health Technology. Fitness feedback systems for kids.
RT PORTLAND: Show had to be moved cuz I'm doing a tv show. I am truly sorry. I will be back!
Happy holidays to all my tweets.
The guys over at are awesome. cc:
Missing her
ill bring the beer...but tell ur mom to back off because I'm with u lol
I cam already tell I'm going to hate work
Beautiful ~ looks very intelligent and legendary fan of Andrea is very sweet to everyone. She deserve love <U+2665>
wow, congratulations! RT : Congrats!! is speaking about your book on ”
Trying to figure out what song to sing :/ any suggestions?
The mean boy from Stewart little who has the good boat looks like jason from the iconic boyz!!
BBC radio! <3
"I don't know if you realize this but ALL songs are about girls. Except the one's girls write. I don't know wtf those are about."
THANKS LINDSAY! Robert Murase designed Collins Circle to refer to a Japanese symbol in basalt. WHY in Goose Hollow is unkown
Yes, that too. I actually want to see School of Rock now. Didn't really think I would enjoy Jack Black but definitely did.
Follow me on Instagram Iridianquevdo ;) ill follow back I just made one lol
Thanks to everybody who came to our first concert! We can't wait to do this all over again on November 21st!
I speak for my girls if u got a man keep him nd hold until he does sumthing wrong if u dont got 1 get 1 nd do da same...
Hahahaha! I wish! He doesn't. Hes to into the Swim team & his girlfriend. :P
1 1/2 months before we move to the west coast!
omfg you beat up so many little kids that summer </3
Why did my mom just say "is this Kanye West?" When "take care" came on the radio.....hit her with the biggest fkn stale face ever.
Thanks Dani, I swear this crap is gonna KILL ME. LOL (I don't have enough life insurance for them to pull plug tho.) LOL!!
Should have been: packing. What I actually did: watched this week's Flog. Whoops.
great pic. Can't wait for Little 5.
I have an uninteresting life
My fifth grade teacher died. She was the best teacher I ever had. Makes me sad.
#ghettocrayolacolors Juicy J Yellow
Having your phone reset to factory specs.......the pain of setting up a new phone, without the fun of getting a new phone.
I never watch commercials, but I know ALL jingles
Left-handers excel particularly in tennis, baseball, swimming and fencing.
Glad to see you Rick! It was a big decision. I stay more focused here on Twitter. My email is brian.vallotton :-)
u bet man! How about a
Really need to cut these personal fouls out
me & my mom have gotten so close recently and i love it! she's my bestfriend<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Eating foods with protein and oils from plants results in an increased lifespan
I'm going Western Conference, strong goalie, no cups. Go #Coyotes, #Predators and
Lovely breakfast at the Windsor Rose Tea Room in Mt Dora today. Just splendid.
Stay educated and informed abt ebook happenings. It's ever changing. Know what's going on and share w your staff and users.
You haven't seen the real walmart until you have seen them repaint the parking lot
So, when a prospective client says, "I have already designed it, you just need to make it look GREAT" should I laugh or cry?
children are not for me right now LOL
Twenty-three runs scored in tonight's game. TWENTY-THREE.
I love the new Doritos tacos at taco bell
RT : You can't knock on wood when playing Portland, they've already cut it up<true
Need an opener for your tour? How bout an unsigned artist: Saw you with Ed last time around. Sonically pleasing!
“One thinks that one is tracing the outline of a thing’s nature–one is merely tracing round the frame through which one looks at it.” wtgstn
Sure do.
We can say we knew him when!! Congrats 2 on being named NABJs Emerging Journalist of the Year
hi, and an interesting fact, there are less than 400 likely D1 voters on twitter. So powerful, but perhaps not useful.
So haven't started that paper for dailey I think I'm Gunna start a riot #whoswithme!!!
And Phillip Phillips in the finals too! I called it. Boom!
my life goal is to lick nutella off of justin. ok.
Pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return...
I'm definitely a Meeks guy. Even if this isn't the University of Jodie Meeks.
This is going to be a great week. Count the miracles in your life just today. God is always on time.
Rae Zapata, I don't know she is doing, and after hearing her in debates, she don't know either!!!
: Happy Chinese New Year! It's the year of the Water Dragon. Get 9 oranges for good luck& prosperity.
The kitchen is making weird noises! (o_O)
no mate, i'm going straight to cannes this trip, but will stop by after the fest if you're around
There is no doubt that doubt exists, however, I'll not let a persistent doubt alter the future of my doubtful present. - Trog
Let's go Syracuse!
thanks girl! Working on it!
It's Wednesday! Empanada day! Chicken or cheese. Soup of the day: chicken with rice and veggies. See you for lunch!
Are you still planning on using this handle?
Still at the studio Gettin it IN
thank you ;)
appreciate the time tonight you killed it with the ball story
RT : Back to work ... Austin 2mrw wit da squad
IT DOES(:<
RT : There is so much we can all do to make a difference in the world. Don't have to think big. Start small. Build from there.
What are your favorite songs right now? We wanna know!
I really hate stupid drivers! Its not hard to drive people, use some common sense!!!
good call - I think we're split 50/50 down the middle here
thunder and lightning and falling trashcans OH MY. stay dry and safe LB. we love you, ya know?
me too!
hope u don't get stranded in the snow
We'll be at Stand 35 at #ILTAINSIGHT nx week. Find out how can help yr firm cut costs & increase productivity
share with me the blankets that youre wrapped in 'cause its cold outside. share with me the secrets that you kept in, 'cause its cold inside
I really don't like my life at the moment.
have fun in Paradise! We need to open a Really West Coast Office! Ahi, wine, and Ted Bakery Pie!
Excellent, as usual.
Trying to be everything to everybody at the expense of our own balance and ease will not work
We are afraid that the inborn politeness of American men has spoiled some of our ladies. (1850)
By focusing on this, they're not looking at addressing the real issues of food manufacturing & animal cruelty in the US.
I know! Hahaha
Almost 2 years. Started in summer of 2010.
ok i gotyou can u go on skype
GIRL BYE! HERE YOU GO WITH THIS CAPS LOCK!
please go to the induction ceremony with
Friends don't let friends use paper.li. It's truly a pointless twitter (dis)service people, quit using it!
Me & gone fuck that girl in Ms.Gray class..
Social computing/HCI folks: Are there any classic texts that state what your field's primary concerns or purposes are? Need em for a paper
i will send followers your way. follow me
Previewing "People Matter," a new film on participating in biomedical research, with
Watching a show on 9/11. I'm crying so hard :'(
aye! RT : baby whatcha say we go pickin wildflowers? got a spot way back in the woods, sneak away for a couple of hours.
Twitter i don't wanna fucking add my location to my tweets. :(
request done..
Thanks for the #ff and hello good NY'ers
I swear to God if Wells Fargo keeps stealing my money I will go to every branch in Tucson and yell the fuck out of them.
happy birthday ;)
I think Juwan Howard will be an asset now w/o Bosh, am I crazy or his exp. will help us?
what's the bbq fest? No cops?
Bless you, thankful for your encouraging post and prayer. <U+2665> Happy Mothers Day! {{Hugs}}
U w/ curly hair? RT I should take job! jan 5, when IU was contender 4 title, I said they'd b 5th n B10
wish Kristen's hair was up. love the dress!
WOULD U SELL UR SOUL FOR FORTUNE & FAME
I need a mechanic! Small engines a Plus Let's see if this Twitter stuff really works One of your friends needs a job! Re-Tweet this
New O'Keefe video doesn't prove rampant voter fraud, it proves someone could commit perjury. If this happened rampantly, we'd have records.
That heat pad really helped out my back last night. Now the only pain I feel is the searing burn it left.
Nice OT win #Pens! Goal Letang!! #Yinz owe him an Irn.
“: Who has 2 thumbs, a HUGE Diet Coke, and a pile of stuff to talk about filling in for this morning? *THIS GUY*” :)
BABYGIRL IM SOO PROUD OF YOU, your finally becoming an adult! butim not gonna say congrats yet! because you havent hit the month.
If you miss TMI Tuesday, I'm starting it up tomorrow -- and I'm bringing back so you can get the answers on Twitter again.
Please send details to and we'll make sure to help you out ASAP. Thanks.
Collecting more interesting data for my book on #CaliforniaHockey ...
Can't wait till next Sunday gonna be in Cali an on Sunday I'm going to Great America YEAH BUDDY it's just like six flags <U+E057><U+E337><U+E337><U+E337>
love me some maduro
they both are.. Lol
You know, I thought your name was Spanish for a while there... ;) RT I wish I could speak spanish, seriously.
Have you read/did you like Twilight? 50 Shades of Grey started as Twilight fanfic and apparently still reads like it.
Just the .com or the .ws, .cc. co. tv, etc etc as well?
What bout these bitches out her fucking these big booty ass niggas.....Lmao
aw thanks guys :) Sean, hope you have as much fun in Portland as you did in Vancouver!
Who says its a MAN'S world, Men only think so in MY world....Its a man's world inside a woman's universe!
we're eastside people through and through. Follow us for locations and stop on by. We have something for everyone
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when shes in one of them moods
Most communities have hundreds to thousands of members, but SocialEngine has been used for millions of members!
Happy friday the 13th
We've noticed that there hasn't been a single "fondling incident" at ODU since you've been gone. blwablwablwablwablwa!
To this day i'm still sad Metallic never got angry enough at their fan base for pirating their songs that they quit making songs. So close.
sometimes i gotta let em know. i'm small but i'm big at the same time!
Money doesn't make me. I make Money- Floyd Mayweather
It is. It's just one of those books where you read the first two lines and immediately know you're in good hands. Love that!
Watching the ten commadments
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination. ~Oscar Wilde
reheats a leftovers show on WTJU.net from 2-4 pm
HELP = H(umor), E-go, edging God out, L-istening, P-urpose. -Ken Blanchard
I so do understand that.
One more day until "The New Era" drops on digital outlets, including CDBaby and iTunes!
I'm aware of my flaws & you can't call that insecurity.
first d-3 school to do it I believe. Something in the water at u dub-dub
Do not touch the customers!!
We sent you an email with some options... do you like options?
How is that possible if the existence of communism means the disappearance of the state?
Thank God for Wolfram Alpha.
When we live our questions, life will give us the answers.
I know.. that is why i thought of you
ha. no, was going to challenge you to some words with friends but couldn't figure how to send a direct message from my ipad :)
you should put the pictures you took, up son :)
I don't think I wanna watch this game anymore. If anybody talking bout this 2k on Xbox hit me though lol
whats this Day For ?
I believe I am ready for #PatsRun on Saturday #BeastMode never sleeps! I just finished a 6.12 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
superfantabulous news.... my Mayo check-up was so good yesterday I think I am officially ready to dive head first into that midlife crisis
Our prices reflect our core beliefs. We believe everyone deserves access to healthy hair
I think I'll leave Leon alone for the night :)
Waiting for busses at south station has to be the most boring thing...
If I could write you a song to make you fall in love, I would already have you up under my arm
you crazy
Success - There is only one success--to be able to spend your life in your own way.
just for fun
your not fat its large
See. Bulls on a 9-2 run.
Community #Clouds are restricted, Public #Clouds anyone can use if they are willing to pay, and hybrid clouds bridge both together
Yes. Girl I was so scared. The lady kept telling me "I'm so sorry".
GO New York football Giants!!!!!!!
Hey Jayanti!!!! Are we experiencing MIA? When are you coming by to the office? We miss you!
Miami never sleeps
Thank you!
Van fixed and made it to Baltimore for tonite's show. Now its time to take some frustrations out on stage.
ya'll know that new jack white song is growing on me
"Booze Issue" is a great read. First Friday info has us excited for the new things to come thanks to and team!
...thought I could get you to be mine.
What's the news today? Breitbart still dead? Limbaugh still a joke? Romney still a curse on the GOP? Yes? Then I can go back to sleep.
Damn, this cold is making me way tired
Let's trade Pau and Bynum to get Dwight Howard.
Toddy tweets.
I couldn't even get all the way through ... 'would the Republicans have bitten on a ...?" NO!
Guess what folks? We still have about 8 spots left for the #24hr #Zine Challenge, happening this weekend!
Looking for a photographer who can work our step repeat banner at next weeks urban noise event / Brooklyn bowl! Let us know!
a chance lol! They have a CHANCE of bein blown out!! The #Packers feed off people thinkn they have a chance to win!! Its a long 1
Not sure what I did to make that checker at Kroger so upset but he was very angry.... Maybe he just hates caguama?
I can't believe this day is finally here!
Gr8 destinations in
“I want my relationship with my girlfriend to be built on trust, not toothpicks, rubber bands, and lentil beans.”
Shout out to all my new followers!!!!
About to kill some music shit!
Congratulations on the new gig. See you at !
Good bye Caballo Blanco. Happy trails are yours forever now.
Slammed right in front of our turn!! #surreal!!
i'm learning so much in this biz. how are you?
My cuzo Just Made My New Generation Top 5 list After he Drop Sum Fly ass tracks Fo me!
Lots of new interest & industry metrics to check out RT : Im really liking the "New & Improved" PeekYou analytics
email me!
#FF these friends are awesome.
fair enough :D I'll do my editing in FireFox for now. Thanks for the awesome tool!
Hey Bianca !:D
How many names you got on herre
I have a fetish for shoes :3
homophobe free son.
On this day two years ago, I woke straight up like Frankenstein at 6 am to go get my mom from a hotel so that we could hit the hair salon...
PAUL MARTIN CURRENTLY HAS MORE PLAYOFF GOALS THAN ANY CAPITALS PLAYER
Heard the dougie on the radio today and immediately thought of :):)
Aaliyah was my first actual fav singer... I still miss her
Saw wrath of the titans it wasnt that great
thanks a lot! As soon as my schedule opens up you, and all of will be my special guests.
Both Barrett and Conroy are interested.
Everyday should be Joust Day
Ah. Yeah can't be too careful.
You don't call them pants? All pants are trousers? I call dress pants trousers sometimes, but jeans can't be trousers, for me.
my cat puked in the hall and all over the kitchen, #howamisupossedtogetfood?
on our first Tweet :)?
Greg Oden RT I wonder what LeBron will look like when he's old.
I rather not
We just got an 18 year old intern. This is seriously going to cut down on the number of oral sex jokes I make in the office.
like forreal, i need therapy.
Follow! MT: believe we can reach 14,500 followers by Friday (tomorrow)? We can do it! #FollowFriday #adayearly RT!"
Heeheee maybe ....... heehee I had this BIG yummy cupcake! Too bad it wasnt Austin! ;D
Grr im going to sleep but I will tweet u laterz (by laterz I mean tmrrw) <3
Thanks for the follow, we'll tweet when you are back.
The issue w is simple. Culturally they have been trained 2 minimize the customer. How long past a delivery window is acceptable?
so que?
I wanna be real with you. But not too much so you'll still like me.
the polling place by my house is hopping this morning!
If he was alive today, he would be a Billionaire!! He sung with his heart and soul. You dont get that today!
Everytime we argue I fall more for you. Is that bad?
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy.
Match sum....sumbody
Nice sign , I'm listening!
The key of C is driving me mad.
technically its parkville, but its really nottingham. yeah billy said neal moved. U guys still there?
Gotta love this job...
getting work done w/the crew
That dark day when seems like you´re making a deal with the devil, and suddenly you turn it around with just a phone call ;)
Yes, and I was trying to eat my lunch real fast and have time for a cig afterward. That explains it!! Haha
Are you a musician? Please contact if you'd like to play at the Coffee House this summer.
People mag cover story on J Lo doesn't mention her history of cheating on spouse. Would Tiger get same consideration?
Fade Out! Final Draft is done!
In love, you gotta act like a woman and think like a man
Thank u 4 following me back love :)
When snot dries out... They crust. lmao
Every “Truly Creative” Individual Has To Be Willing “To Lose Their Mind”
Happy mothers day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> I love you mom <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
RT : L-U-N-A and me, the petit to the p cc
At Administrative Excellence Forum. Questions or comments for me?
When is Volkswagen going to produce the Jetta World Peace?
Don't settle for less if you know you deserve better.
What's happening 951
Excited to see for a little SoNo action tonight.
Guys need to make up their mind. You either like her or you don't. Geez.
Any good Spirituality books? I like asking for recommendations - don't be shy.
no..b/c that caretake album is amazing..while the remasters are neat ..but idk..i am kinda getting burnt out on K. Shields PR stuff
STOKED!!! <3 I move into my new house in 1 month...that means a new background for all my Candids :p hahahaha
Gonna be hard going back to school tomorrow
On my way to sing for the beautiful folks at the Nashville Rescue Mission..
Howdy, I'm home! Time to play some music.
i got hacked all the time
“: My graduation is Friday, & I'm too excited.!!!!” that's what up, congrats
i know i just started laughing
TGIF!! RT : Woohoo! It's the weekend...what are your plans #SanDiego? We're excited for some great golfing weather!
we need to have a puppy play date soon!!!
Final N stafford 58 Brooke Point 39
Smh.. Jus came back from vacation & now anotha off day.. I guess time 2 clean up.. Good Morning!
best feeling in the world: finding the pots after mom hid them on you.
heads up in sorrento valley. sorrento valley boulevard is closed. not sure why but I hear helicopters.
It was fantastic seeing you too! What a great festival and what a cute pic. I hope you and come to pdx soon.
Now on to the
RT ¡CONGRATS! to Adam Sandler - deserved that award and many more!
#squarespace im not giving up yet? and bring on the rain
I love the 4 x 100 it was my favorite I was either anchor or first leg
Safety class fucking sucks so boring and 5 hrs long
Craig A. Sonner, George Zimmerman's now-former legal adviser: "I know 100 percent what his phone number is."
Daily Muse: "Life is as Easy or as Hard as You Think it Is!" Jonathan Lockwood Huie
It was 2 hours long. Food was excellent! Convo was acceptable. Mostly stayed off academic topics. You can guess why.
HEADSHOT TIP: Don't kid yourself! Everyone has their shots retouched...it's about making a great shot even better!
The ache of loss is difficult to bear, and often the worst part is the fear that nothing exists behind the ache except a void.
Very welcome! One of my FB friends posted the cinematic version of that moment last year and it blew me away.
singing isn't a trick - it is a physical development of technical behavior to allow you to summon your talent at will!
U.S. private sector job gains beat expectations
Boomer needs a daddy.
great article from UK. Parenting is great equalizer. Your fans need 2c more 'don't give up' like this. Hit 'em straight!
NFL coaches make the assumption they can coach their side of the ball and look for the quality players on the other side.
Lloyd Sexy Af TO
#happyBirthday ! #oldman #dirtythirty. Barring a USPS miracle, your card will be late.
I'm starting to enjoy Gossip Girl more than I probably should.
Hi jensen
Hanging w/ my lil today!
I'm playing a show with his daughter tonight hahaha
Sounds like a delicious way to start the day!
you all mean something to me the women on twitter are the sweetest women there are in the world thank you
We are a teen webshow and we would like to know if you guys would like to be out official Entertainment correspondent?
The past couple of days have been awesome! Time to get up and do it all again :)
The #MegaMillions is only $390 million after taxes. That's just not enough for me.
thanks Jerry...let's grab coffee soon
If it were easy... Everyone would do it and everyone would have it!
I didn't understand that until just now. I'm lol in a public place!!! I love you!!
wish i could be there instead of slowely killing myself in the library
Fuck your best friend she just wanted your attention .
lolol I missed her today..she always leaves me alone now during lunch & 7 period.. -____- but yea tomorrows friday ^.^
What a Epic story for my Grandkids if I live see and met them! How Granny almost died taking a shower, and how nobody knew the # to 911
Didn't know this...kids can run the bases after Sunday games
RT : No America. No. Do better.
Donating blood at the Lynnwood Blood Center. I encourage everyone to participate in saving lives!
It took a few minutes , but Delta Airlines Customer Service came through for me! Thank you Celeece in Dallas!
2-4-1 EVERYTHING starts at 5 and goes to 9. We will help take the edge off of your Motorhead hangover. Shawn Page will be in at 9!
Ice cream is my life <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
thanks sweethearts.
spitting poems in public on a wireless mic w/a half second delay... so damn hard!
ya I did. I've made a come back to mw3, after not playing it for a while. My stats will never be as high as yours though lol.
Someone I worked with a zillion years ago. We lost touch a couple of years ago.
But women appreciate the effort...LOL
#swag Smoke With A Goblin
Aint talk to nobody really these last few days
thanks for the follow...we never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends or nights....24/7
I want freedom for the full expression of my personality. Mahatma Gandhi (1869 - 1948)
So, I was up practically the whole night talking to a friend :D I went to sleep at 5a.m. XD so happy :) And we agreed to go out :D
If I tweet a lot, does that hint I have no life, if so, I do have a life hahaha I think!
Oh saturday... I love you so...
How about now?
Pretty sure I got stalked at the mall today
If only my house was warmer and stocked with a cellar full of Spanish wine....
lol yeah I am
All women have an hour glass figure - it's just that they all tote around different amounts of sand
Free whoppers! Go to afreething.com/yours to find out!
I thought u did watch that no more
crazy friday. Summer weather, what? Also, #BeastieBoys....man, sad news throwback.
OK sounds good!
I went for the Grouper 2-day ticket deal.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. I just can't put it down.
my friends are already out
Anyone can suggest good movies?
I have some promo codes for my new #app ICANSIA: Chinese to American Accent. Message me if you want one. Just have a few!
totally understand! I've done it before too just to see.
Can someone give me some advice on Edmodo? I am signed up but am not sure what I do with the code for Flat Stanley
twitter makes my moods better
To raise a confident young woman, u must be a confident grown woman. See previous tweet.
Almost 100 followers. I appreciate all of you. Seriously. <3
you should. I did it... you reach a larger audience!
Knowing the clientele @ my job,they'll probably buy organic easter eggs for their kids to dye & hide stuffed w/ gold bonds#luckybastards <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
“: The future's so bright, I've gotta wear shades.” beautiful!
football & workout
I love stylish men & women..esp any 50's vintage vibe!
CAN'T MAKE IT TO HUSTLIN' STEAKS OR JUST, DO NOT WANT TO LEAVE YOUR HOUSE? HU$TLIN' STEAKS NOW DELIVERS CALL 215-877-1906
you're drunk tweeting! LOL
Write ABC and your Congressmen and tell them: it's NOT too late to bring back "Cavemen"
If you need help in a spanish speaking area simply use this handy spanish phrase for help me: areyouda maid.
Yes it is. Knowing us we may get through half of that information.
Thanks boo!!!
First off, let me say I'm drunk off of shitty wine.
#FF #FreshHell: Please whatever powers may be- let the new episode be ready to watch today.
me too, I use to watch American Idol but never voted, This was my first
“: I ain't as good as I'm gonna get, but I'm better than I used to be. -Tim McGraw / Sammy Kershaw”
": It's 10:23 a.m. and I already need a drink. #greatstarttotheday" so have one
In other words, it should be 'win/win' or 'no play'!! :-)
Leadership - A ruler should be slow to punish and swift to reward.
Anticipation for the Badgers' home opener is overwhelming right now. Can't wait!
Damn You Blacks!
FB and Twitter fans, check our coupon tab for your discount. Follow us on Twitter Thank you!
watch him kick ya asses when NFL season starts back up
I swear I think I am "Lara Croft" these days. She is my idol. I aim to be her. lmao!
A very special "Thank You!" to our players' parents. What a wonderful way to end the night. Had a great time visiting!
I agree! RT : Lindzi already has my "best hair" vote! ;) I like her horse too!
So so so so excited POOKS!!!!!!!
hey follow me
Build your child's self-esteem~reserve your beliefs & opinions & encourage your children to form their own based on what they experience.
Follow and just because I said so. Now click follow and go enjoy the sun!
Soul glo :-) coming to America
How well can one demonstrate their views and do we agree with them? need good presentation from candidates
Missed going to #galas . Anyone going here tonight- #SchiapperelliandPrada ://www.metmuseum.org/impossibleconversations/
Excuse my french, but that call was bullsh!t.
lol love the eurozone “: Nein!! RT : GERMAN CHANCELLOR MERKEL: Reiterates rejection of deficit-fueled growth.”
Rise an grind ma nigg! Lets get dis $$$$$ baby!!!
you shaved your head for your mom... who is saying shit?! Ill freak the fuck out!!!
#Caps DH32 on Orlov “We thought that he was a little bit younger and we went with more defensive defensemen.”
In the bar at Copley Marriott with Having a beer while waiting for the room to be ready.
Today: The day of everchanging plans. Good thing I'm flexible & each version is 1 I'd schedule anyway. Maybe I'm jumping between universes.
Aaliyah's death really impacted me. To this day I feel a sadness that I can't explain. And I don't know why.
Facebook is for stalking, Twitter is for ranting/harassing celebs, and Instagram is just way too hip... #WheredMyspaceGo? Lawlz
Got it and please don't forget to follow us back and help us tell DC what you #Decide2B! lch.bz/iDecide2B.
fyi -- the library is finally getting set to purchase the Journal of Communication backfile. All issues from 1951-1997!
great to hear #GetSchooled is working with you guys on the new film, look forward to it!
Check Engine Light? No Problem. At Express Lube we'll scan your vehicle for FREE. Visit www.ExpressLube.com to find a location near you.
Rhianna's S&M: the word sex is censored. Really? The whole song is about sado-masochism and the word sex is what you find objectionable?
how come all the other UNICORNS R DEAD
and you are both such joiners! How about college?
My brothers are being stupid and also his friend Cole because there turning up the music in the house and my mom is going to come home
We're almost done!
i love love love 's new song. i can't stop listening to it :)
I got my permit! :D
it better work out lol
COME TO THE TA/RA UNION TOWN HALL MEETING! you will love it! unions are awesome!
Avengers was epic!!!! God what I would give to be a superhero...or I guess just cast as one....haha
Normally, you could count on it. Recovering from a broken knee right now & my productivity is very limited. Keep me posted.
section c is HBFEC
i mean, does any producer have some joints that dont sound like euro pop nor gutter music? gee wiz
The secret to moving: if you break something, you don't have to figure out what it is.
At Lord Hobo drinking a Kind
Great presentation!
Huge things happening on our site this year for the football season. Great weekly prizes...stay tuned www.playffnow.com
you used to be funny on twitter. . . what ever happened to your writer? What is his/her twitter name - I'll follow.
I was wondering how that was working out. How's the old cat handling it?
Roma Pizza in Southwick, MA, that's where! The best! With our best waitress Debbie! Have I gushed enough?
Concert tonight. Work tomorrow morning. Hangover number 1,273, I'll see you soon.
Laying in bed watching south park and talking to you and some other people's wbu?:)
RT "Same sex marriage should be legal," President Obama says. Special report on the ABC network at 2:58pm ET.
#Adam Levine on the Ellen show!!!!
o.o
: A good way to get your music heard and played is sending it by email
Gas prices finally went down son
You can take a man out of the Ghetto, but you can't take the Ghetto out of the man
My College Professor Likes My Papers I Write My Work Ethic Is So Fantastic Just Like My Attire Well Out 4 Some Hours.G.F.B. Damage. Problems
Next week Arizona turns 100! We're looking forward to all of the events happening in the valley! What's your favorite thing about our state?
love your food!
Now for our afternoon session on "Herding Cats" (project mgmt) with Delphine Khanna.
Happy Simpson Saturday !!!
Health and Fitness Calendar
I get so happy when Chase Coy comes on shuffle.
I know ur sleeping but I was busy and never checked my Twitter But I miss u too ;)
no you're not that talented. And what are you doing in Bellevue- are with you with my parents?
BRB, I need to see what this Land Shark at my door wants. MT What will your last tweet ever be?
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-50
It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong. - Henry Longfellow
Looking forward to tonight's interview! Thanks for having us on! :)
Was in Barolo country last year!
Which system do you have? I know you can configure the ALPS trackpads (I had to on mine!!). Our team can help you!
It may not exactly be a gleeful day in terms of the weather, but it's still a #GLEEfulweek in May here at WQED FM. Today is the last day!
Taking the 2nd half of the spring semester off was nice! But now it's back to work!
#SoTellMeWhy you mad!!
has been dormant too long. The world has been deprived of viral muppet videos and daily show RTs, and for that I am sorry.
I just assume Clinton is a Thunder guy. He's cool. The Thunder are cool. Durant, Harden, Westbrook, they're cool. Clinton? He's cool too.
Man, without I'd be wearing a shirt with a flaming eagle on it to opening day.
its all good, how was the bomb that hit the stage
oh you'll meet some one new
Wear blue tomorrow in support of child abuse awareness and prevention! Tell all of your friends and family!
since 2nd grade !
Meeting a client @ #caribou. Hopefully designing/developing a new website. Had a break through w/ an email & making it have lightboxes!
No punctuation=there's something wrong.
ESPN = Engineered Sports Propaganda Network
crap, why is everything happening on May 19 this year?! I have 47 places that I need to be!
lol u proved my point
Made first stab at cooking fresh nopales. It went . . . okay. Next time I should use a recipe, though.
I don't think it's set in yet, but do you realize what happens tomorrow night? #TheWalkingDead - Ive never been this excited to watch TV.
yeah are we going to the mall?? cu i need to get my eyebrows done :|
Wrench, meet plans... Plans...Wrench.... Oh! I see you've met before....
Let host your private party!
Thanks, John! You're totally awesome! (And we both know it!) ;)
Happy Mother's Day to all you fabulous moms out there!! God bless!!
I really like them!
This has been your regularly-scheduled #lrnchat. We now return control of your timeline to you.
Come to my house, I'll show you real music.
awesome! hope to meet them someday. have a great weekend!
Aww shir you know its on when Ice Cube shows up to the #clippers game
my big dream is to meet u someday personal and to speak with me all day and all night - iva got so many quesc?
« #Scorpios want to be the best, have the best, so they always look for the best»
When Are You Gunna Put Your New Music Up!? (:
overlooking the Long Beach harbor, watching the sailboats cruise by. Beautiful day.
One direction take over on MTV
Yeah for sho! When r u going to gh?
She's stupendous!!! Lauren Jelencovich -- what a voice and presence
1000 + ppl sent to the emergency room because of being distracted while texting and walking
Painting a house is such a Saturday thing to do.
Watching Melo and Big Shot for hopefully not the last time this year.
2. Compliment someone tomorrow without expectation of a return.
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL! Mention Twitter with your order & get a 20% discount TODAY!
Uploading. Should appear shortly. Cheers.
#Ali, The Book of Saladin. Islamic Quintet#2. Very different from #1. Saladin as seen by Jewish scribe. Great characters, including women.
That is soo awesome!!! Where is that?!
Stop asking God for the things He has already given you. It's up to you to use it. There is so much He's already placed on the inside.
I don't eat dat shit either! !!
if #google+ doesn't stomp facebook into the ground, I will be disappointed in humanity.
It really really was!! It A.) Makes me proud to be American! B.) Want to join the service! C.) Go play Battlefield 3!
Girls that hang wit gays nigga that do the most <<<<<<<<<<<
Happy Birthday to playwright, William Shakespeare! Which of Shakespeare's works do you most enjoy?
Though friendship is not quick to burn, it is explosive stuff. -May Sarton
I'm sleepy goodnight!
You sure are. You sure are.
I love that Ann Romney is talking how about important choice is to women...related to families...
Watching Goodfellas and napping until 's bday celebration tonight. Happy birthday big guy!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 76
sure wish he had faced a Nick Saban defense before...wait?
What in the hell is Santorums daughter wearing?
I am enjoying my new Canon 5D. this thing is insane
Dude, this is so not radical.
Have you ever seen the beautiful lamps from Marset?Visit www.fromspainmagazine.com and see them in Company Profiles.
and no snitchin!!! RT“: Stay true to yourself”
Seems like a thin line but I see the distinction. And btw, congrats on your rebellious daughter. Hope I do as well w/ mine.
I miss St. X baseball more than anything right about now
Random messages from people I don't know..
It makes me happy that my office window looks out on brightly colored trees.
UGH JOHN CUSACK JUST DRUNK TWEETED AND I DIDN'T EVEN GET A CHANCE TO FAVORITE IT. John- "just n=ominated you for ho tt tub D robcorddry"
When will it be comingnfor us Insight customers? I feel robbed.
All day CLE. First half done and I haven't really learned anything useful. Some speakers are amateur comedians though. :)
Middle finger to my haters motherf***er why you hating ?
December 3 is getting closer!! :D Are you still going??? You better be, or I will be sad. D:
The market manipulators have already gotten leverage and are pulling commodities and the DOW back up from the opening lows.
commuting - so I'd want tracking distance, speed and ideally directions.
Went by the crib to smoke a blunt and got straight chills what a trip.
May I speak with you about in-home dental care for homebound & disabled New Mexicans? We have formed a NP & need gov support.
Take time to look in the mirror, and see that it's time to lose some weight. You'd be hot. Still not as hot as
#wcphilly #day2 : How does code make it into WordPress? Bugs, Features, and Enhancements are all handled differently.
thank god
haha no prob hop. Im headed to the night game
you are absolutely correct. I was drafting a response to that quote & accidentally sent it. Thx for keeping me on task.
Filming filming!
Spotify ads are pretty annoying.
NOW sudy time:/
please follow me on keek (: im xSuperwomanx3
they sat next to us. Just the mom, the real little one w her baby, Kim, her booty and some other girl
Just came back from gally, showeerrrrrrr
lmao, here we go!
Is that place in the horseshoe shops in Westport still open? (By Californos). Mostly men's hats as I remember but worth a try!
thats great keep up the good work champ! :)
As an adult coughing without covering your mouth should be a crime that is punishable by a kick to the teeth.
Last nights show was awesome!
Stock market: Dow is down 550 pts over the past five sessions. You bet your sweet ass we are loading up here. This is a bull market!
you work there or just partying?
talking to coleton on the phone :)
Dear world, sorry I forgot to add chef, mentor, Child of GOD, fashion designer, small business owner, lawyer, ceiling crasher, game changer.
Men in the south are so polite!
Sonoda's Sushi LODO 1620 Market St Off the Special Appetizer Menu. Magic Mushroom $7.25 Chilean Sea Bass $7 and My Fav. Lobster Roll $13.50
that could be good or bad...hope its good...like with cheese n stuff
Im so sleepy, but we're about to go out to eat :(
Here's an idea for the NCAA rules committee this offseason - start calling T's on coaches on the court while ball is in play.
yep, 45 is only bad in the am if you are going south or if you are south of zoo interchange. Glad I could help :-)
He finishes my sentences n nos exactly whts on my mind :)
Can't wait for L.I.V.E. tomorrow! Love to be "fed" by my kids!!
That moment when your trying to kill time until she replies, but Your shower only stays warm for 10 minutes (-___-)
The Boobs and the Gang
well well well lookey here, just got a fresh batch of some fucking disgusting dnb.
Sorry, honey. Sarcasm falls from my mouth as easily as stupidity falls from yours.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve
6 gigs a week Tues-Sunday, all *free cover!* Dirty Limelight & Mellow Dee Productions - much luv to the supporters!
please help me achieve my dreami have already cut off my arms and i slide around to practice.if i go toantarctica(home of the best walruses)
who else is going to #chefcon?
Bros Ro may need a rooftop annex today-! RT Serving brunch today until 3. Full espresso bar and 2-4-1 mimosas and bloodies!
Fringe IS their good output, stupid.
I doubt it will take that long. I got called into work just before 7ish. (arrived around 4:30).
agree with that one! Let me know if you guys have any questions!
Make sure you have the bifocals on
hey I missed you last night! Rock Out With Your Bock Out was great! Thanks for the heads' up!
If folks get weird messages from me...It is not me! I am too busy to send out weird notes to folks I don't know. I spend my time writing.
your habits won't change, but unfortunately your metabolism will.
you mean great? lol yea it is!!!
1st day of Spring 2012 today. End of a wacky Winter.
Have a great weekend. Many thanks for the follows:
can't believe people actually ask you that so excited xo
oh ok, I'll take 1000 washers.
Food for thought for these starving minds.
I read every day. Currently ferrigno; heart of the assassin and harry potter in french
I can confirm that they do indeed exist
Achim Steiner UNEP Exec Director at Eye on Earth - I hope this summit will provide for citizen science and new partnerships ...
#NP "Trying to make it last, Emotional luggage nothing of it I don't check bags, I just carry on leave that bullshit in the past"
that video was hilarious!!!! that would be my reaction to such bad news as that. but i would still buy it.
I either a) brought peace to the Middle East or b) celebrated my 4-year anniversary with Socialtext. Can you guess which?
john callipari is a snake oil salesman.. it is just too bad memphis is going to get punished and he gets away free cause he quit to go to UK
Yay shift is officially over :-)
Anyone down to go to Lakers game tonight? I want to mobb it
Who is watching the grammys
haha how can you not? :)
THIS FINE WOMAN KNOWS BASKETBALL AND SHE'S A HEAT FAN
my sister brought my wings :') I felt like Oliver twist receiving those wings
can you bring me ice cream? Ben and Jerry's
Which seed have the most success in the NCAA tourney? #Bark at Bilas#
Hi my name is Andy Appleseed I like your shoes your feet are so little = I would hit it in the car with your toes on my windshield
get the tater tots! I went last week for
Cont...Guess I'll have to start banging more Country.
&#9836; Great Deals on Night Vision Clock DVR Protect Your Privacy
I am bro, still doin work and stayig busy
lol.. whatever. I'm up so why not watch it.
Tech Issues on MomAdvocateTV today; SO SORRY Come see us everyone July 14th LIVE Show Featuring Empty Nest Expert Natalie Caine
lucky!! British guys, shopping in London, British guys, eating out, did i mention British guys. Haha!
I just ate the rest of the mini cinnamon donuts that left at my place Saturday night.
Watching flashbacks from these last 1500 shows making me tear up, getting chills & cracking up! I love her!
I love my daughter...but I love her even more when she sleeps through the night.
Dear Twitter, I'm sorry we don't chat as much. My life is spinning like a toilet and I just don't have time. Let's kiss and make up.
Train your mind to think in terms of 'possible' and 'can be done'.
I LOVED #21JumpStreet !! DEFINITELY gonna buy it!
Today #AcctCongress lunch "Core Work of the Community College: Advancing Equity & Opportunity. "Speaker is Anthony S.Bryk, Carnegie Fndtn
lol,i had that dream turn reality a long time ago
OK, if we're being honest, DC's still a swamp.
kinda i like cali better
A pleasure as always! ;)
A wedding yesterday and a wedding today! Just keeping busy.
Goodbye, NBA season.
practice on the 26th!
Tommy McDonald calls Ryan whenever he is texting to mess him up...lmfao.....
im sorry :( hopefully it will get better! :) #<3
"When I go to a bar, I don't go looking for a girl who knows the capital of Maine."
thanks for spreading the word about
Harper is bleeding like a stuck pig.
#MoreFemalesShould suck dick more....you want to keep ya man dont you??
That's quote worth reading over and over.
I know but I spelled it the way I was saying it lol
Thank you!!!!
I wuvvv talking to you randomly
Has a love/hate relationship with picking out designs for my ad this year :)
yeah I get like 1 suscriber a month haha. I need more that's why I'm not posting videos. <\Slope/>
If I make this we're all getting laid. *Throws trash at the garbage and misses* ...I'm sorry...
instead you chose to paint competent advisors who care about their clients with the same broad brush to promote your service
then you'd have an empty section for 3 quarters instead of one.
After last night's sold-out Bobby Watson shows here, we're excited for jazz masters Bert Dalton Trio to take our stage at 9pm!
Agreed RT : Nice seeing you all yesterday!
I brought you back all dressed, but they didn't make it. R u in Seattle?
It's so terrifying. Straight people do weird things. I think my friends are going to hammerheads now for 80s night, idk.
The final right to work bill passes 28-22
lil bit of the same.
I think my heart is just to big time to start acting like a dick
what week its been since that show.....wow, do i love what i do....
Why you say that?!?!?
crazy! Ill have to check in with you in a few hours to see how bad it is
On different note, spent last two days scouring the web to find info on best lodges to visit in Peruvian Amazon. Know one?
listening to on Spotify. I haven't even finished one song and I know I love it. #truth #it'sgreat
No T.O. indeed. Official word from the team is coming soon...
No one, I just guessed!
I hate school. Have I mentioned that I hate school? I'm so stressed out. gah!
damn I think I'm goin Thursday for the 60 cent boneless wings lol
BlackBerry Music Gateway Uses NFC to Stream Audio - PC Advisor
Best part is I can start using this summer! Which is awesome because I am planning to take classes each session.
Mention Friday the 13th tomorrow for a good luck $8 64oz growler refill.
U of Oregon say its next stage of process: NCAA delivers notice of inquiry; formally investigating Ducks scouting services
Billy Boy Brad spins some vinyls tonight. You know. A record player. Bring your favorites. He'll play em along with his own collection.
hey I logged a million tweets for yall in attempt to win tickets while no one else hardly entered. what happened? I'm losted.
Congrats to all my friends graduating from and this week. Hard to believe it has already been a year since I graduated.
Good Night mentions???
lls, night life.
BODHI Grand Opening Today in Chandler, AZ from 4-8 pm. Come join the fun! www.bodhi-body.com
I just want to sleep. I dont care about family dinners D; jk..jk..
Safer to stick to "real journalists" like Breitbart, Kaufman, & Fox news, right?
Happy to be hanging out with my dad. About to watch Gran Torino. Weird, 'cause Dad looks just like Clint E.
indeed. Sigh...this is the civil rights movement all over again. You'd think we'd already have learned this lesson.
great. ANSI Standards are U.S. centric & the rest of the world is interested in intl standards.
Thanks! I gotta check my schedule!
Hay! See how long it took me to respond! This is sad. There has to be a work/life twitter balance in my future.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!^^
At an ARC Communications mtg - do you know what we do?
it's more like gin rummy :D Happy Easter Zee!
Oh and PS. Hot mama profile pic!!!
Track meet this saturday at UW-Platteville
hah I hear ya! I will be equally pissed off if the Squeelers get Hightower!
There was talk of getting a group of SLIS knitters together sometime. We could even do it virtually.
% discount from My Plumber on all services (up to $100) for Veterans, Active Duty, Reservists & Family Members Everyday!-
I hate when I'm too the point of my weird cry thing.
whats that other website you told me about for the stories?
(sometimes I write tweets like I write Facebook status updates)
Man wine creeps up
I'm not going to say you can't play country music on a Flying V...but why?
two days of sun in atlanta.. i don't know what to do with myself
Congrats on #NCAA 2nite! What do u think about reprising ur Role in THE BOY IS MINE da Feature Film op
a really fun campaign!
Expendables? Don't mind if I do.
Cool! It turned out to be a beautiful day in Seattle. We hope you have a good time up top!
or more like... "hm.. which stage will I be bringing my skill to first?!"
“: RT : There is no easy button! Persistence pays!”
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved
Official hashtag for our cd release on Friday is #mania!
very cool!
It would be truly amazing if UL and UK played in the final four. I am cheering for both teams this weekend!
I hate clingy ppl... that is so unattractive!!
I MISS U<3
The first 3 peple to DM "VIP" to get VIP passes for next week!
Thank u jesus for this morning thank u for another day giving by u JESUS, I PRAY THAT ALL OF U FRIENDS FAMILY N FRINDS TO BE HAVE A BLESS DY
that's my shit
OMG that looks so delicious!!!!!! You should TOTALLY be a chef!!!! YUM!
it's true! Swallowing and maintaining eye contact is sexier...not that i've done such, being a.virgin and all
We hope everyone in #Dallas is safe!
Follow me this week as heads to #SATWNZ -- we can't wait to see you in New Zealand!
Haven't ate all day because I've been waiting for this huge family dinner. Let's eat already! I'm starving.
.wow !just wow!
1 month till the Baltimore invasion!! Are you coming down to the Inner Harbor with us??
People in hiding have something to hide.
Parks has actively, with our partners, been removing non-native invasives and conducting volunteer plantings (more)
#that1friend who makes you crack up randomly when you think about all the crazy crap you pulled off together. *sigh*..
RT : great place for brunch and awesome bloody Mary's
just realized camp is free... i'm pretty dumb. a free jersey is what i'm giving away.
I really wish Hubert Davis would quit saying players are "great penetrators."
any decision yet?!
RT ": a diet high in alpha & beta carotenoids pigments. Algae and various invertebrates." Thanks!
waiting for new.... more....happy.....holiday!
send to receive.
only UX people could be excited about that.
Z that's my girlfriend *omarion voice*
well still your door could've hit it hah
Thanks for the correction. Others noticed as well. only has 12 bottles per store.
Nights spent with >>>
Thanks for following , , , ,
he would be a better fit and I'm sure they would thrive if he came to the
I need to get our Society in this thinking of doing Webinars. So many great choices.
I know your children won't go to those cheap places again. If you let me know where that cheap place is, I might help clean it out. [1944]
Slainte, ! What can we look forward to today?
i'll find out for sure tomorrow.
Has Kottaras actually started against LHP very much this year? I don't think that's really been an issue, IIRC.
I guess productive was the wrong word to use cause that wasn't helpful at all
When you miss your opportunity <<
My ankles are sore like a pregnant woman
whatever. I was spelling it like did :P
You gotta love some people from a distance.
We're excited to have you! #Trumpets rule. RT : Can't wait for the festival. It's going to be a great weekend.
amazing! Thanks for coming to see us... We love you
I wonder whenever he sees us talking about jerry I wonder if jerry goes up in response? Lol
things that make me go hm!
lmaooo love you too :]
We work so hard, but because we work so hard doing the wrong things, we don't get the best results that we could have.
EVERYONE'S GOTTEN THEIRS BUT ME :,(
what's for #dinner new york?
i vote sell everything and get new stuff for selfish reasons. i bet you'd have an awesome yard sale.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.-Napoleon Hill
metta goin ham but hell...what you expect? aint like he renamed himself "joe" or somthing normal. he picked a "i hope hes not on drugs" name
good to know. Thanks for reassuring me of my safety.
Great to connect w/ other web developers-would love to chat w/ you about ecommerce systems you are using!
I'm uploading a promo tonight that had one of my new songs on it:) look out for it:)
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope
Hah! Hey the E-Trac is an incredible machine & great choice - when are you ordering??
i hate bein lied to , ha. you funny.
Find a 3-year-old and make her your beta tester for your mobile site w/gestures. She's not poisoned by convention.
“: Shawty u da shit like u was born in the restroom” xD
Batteries recharged (figuratively, literally); must post make-up tweets from Day 1 of #THATCampFL!
ROCSI, WATCH YA BACK AND WHAT YOU SAY OR DO TO MB TOMORROW #TEAMMINDLESS WILL FUCK UP YOUR MENTIONS BRO.
Rtweet go follow and and and they tweet like crazy and get followers mention me wen done
what are their names!
Busy day at work
"Recruiting is sales." ~ Tommy Digger Gugger
Over the CBA 10 year term for funding of thousands of guys education. Man Kyle...
Have you tried our Cinnamon Streusel Coffeecake? Sour cream coffeecake with a stripe of cinnamon walnut streusel!!! Awesome!!!
thanks for chatting. Have a great evening.
We saw you in the audience. Our daughter thought maybe you did it!
I feel normal again :P
Good night
HELP! Twitter...Las Vegas. Good restaurants? Let me know.
I love you RT for a rate
Rainy days in Denver brings beautiful flowers.
"Left my feelings in the past, you can't get in touch with me"
Is Not Wit Tha Shit , She Sleep Already -_-
Shopping in Gainesville!!
Looks like additional government approvals need to happen first. It should only affect future loans you take out. VOTE!
BIG props to all our transcribers, giving a textual, searchable, and accessible voice to our performers. A Thank You post is in the works!
Someone should really text me cause I dying my hair and I'm solo boredd.
Sim Simmer, who got the keys to my Bimmer?
RT : We are so excited too for the Conference "How to Launch & Operate a Restaurant in DC"
i finally get to see ! Friday & Saturday at bamboozle :)
trust me i know... Its gonna be another Jr, but a girl, all over again
what??? she's hella nice
need a manband?
#FL residents can get 25% off La Nouba tickets until June 22 with proof of residency & advance purchase
Oscar Wilde Art Quote of the DayI paint objects as I think them, not as I see them
Time sure flies by!
why would you put this on here
Go #Grizzlies!
It's really been almost 18 years tho
let's make a vlog already!
People can be so heartless.... </3
Me? Dirty minded !?! I like to call it imaginative
she gave me an F -_-
You like ? You got questions for him? Well, tweet them already. Sheesh. (You'll hear the answers next Monday.)
Not gonna lie, being at work today while everyone is out is pretty great.
Congrats on your GM partnership!
tell them you broke your finger& ill wrap it up and send you with a doctor excuese tomorrow :) # PlanForEverything
thank u! and i wish u a good day also!
How was AC? Did you guys ever link up?
Exciting News! Seasons 52 will be opening a restaurant at Country Club Plaza in Kansas City, MO during Spring 2012.
you're not going to catch me putting my love in brackets.
#Boyfriendvideo OMG Premiere NOW :D will it take to get my love
crazy. My friend interviewed for a job with the Coronado guy who's son & gf died. She met him a few months prior. It was odd
idk if im jealous of her or feelin sorry for myself..
I see you, lady at Whole Foods, and you should NOT be in the "10 items or fewer" line.
Happy 102nd birthday to the Boy Scouts of America today!!
who the fuck is that?
Why is #smroi held to a higher standard than traditional advertising? We came into this saying that digital is more measurable.
Yes, unfortunately.
My eyes are super heavy and I'm so tired, yet I've been tossing and turning for hours now!!
haha yeah love it puttin their foot down!
Me and are the same person, apparently.
But how to pay for it? Jeez. I need to start plotting.
Shouldn't she be blindfolded for the walk to Ben's room?
woo hoo! first day of Black History Month! thanks Carter G. Woodson. I'll always love you!
your not here !!! I want my cheese cake medina !!
I haven't seen that movie in forever. I'm going to watch it today. Thanks! <U+E415>
she wake up every morning wit dat dick on her breathe she aint lookin for love she look like foe help
With Danny Briere out due to the big hit by Pens yesterday, Crosby better keep his head up next game
Are you following our new Athletic Director Mike McCaffrey? Now's your chance.
Very true.
They taking forever to bring mhe my food !! A nigga hungry
yes. yes you will. i could do lunch tomorrow or thursday!
are you going today?
RT if ur so nervous about Idol right now
I meant 1983 amendment to the social security trust. Apologies
tennessee :) you?
City Council discusses land use of McIntire Park east. Is it just about golf and botanical garden?
I think its awsome I responded to my own twitter account instead of to you
Gone Chopin. Bach in a minuet.
Do you need an 8 ball for when customers ask silly questions?
I like everything but the last part .. crying is not allowed especially that special night : p
please tell me they haven't killed Raven on Twitter?
Can't wait to see The Today Show tomorrow!
lol. I was like turn your locator on so I can find you...hahah
also, stoners. =) don't forget, they make the world go 'round
In case you haven't heard, there will be a secret artist coming to #Kylestock this year! I promise you all know who he is! Don't miss it!
Night :D
Agreed. That's why Our Hero and the Badgers are running away from UMKC.
Looks like there's a lot more instagrammers , follow me > Chicmom
RIP Adam Yauch. At least he lived long enough to see them get into the R'n'R Hall of Fame
This is true. Millions of $$$ outweigh a lot of the risk of everything.
Chilling making beats, trying to see #whatsgood on this studio situation.
Don't get fooled your imagination can be your worse enemy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
it's almost picture time! you'll see some new changes...
We just met and your telling me your problems already? Please go that way!
awww! This was the year we became friends. When ppl ask about school friends, I always say u were one of my 1st & best friends
where did you go?:(
HELP US GET 5 MORE FOLLOWERS TO HELP #FINDACURE!!!! WE FOLLOW BACK
im all out of words theres nothing i could say to you, to take away the hurt, so let me pray you through.
good win penz
Wherever there is danger, there lurks opportunity; whenever there is opportunity, there lurks danger. -E. Nightingale
Nothing like an inability to sleep to help you hone your bass playing skills-Dalton
Wow, everyone sucks at playing words with friends. What gives?
Dancing with the Stars on. This is full on middle aged porn.
at least it was finally a good game to watch
Hi Darling! I know, boo hoo!! Lorraine is there so at least I can live vicariously this time! How's London?
Felt good today, well that is until I got hit in my bad ankle playing soccer
I had to be out for awhile, we've talked before about your pictures. Under my other avi which is TRay043 you mentioned
Need to clear my mind .. Be back on twitter tonight ...
LOL mid-day is perfect. it can be via phone. let me know what number to call you at and when. i must get u into this article :)
f that! K love is bothering me lately. Too cocky.
:: President Obama's speech in Afghanistan tonight will be 9 years to the day since President Bush gave his 'Mission Accomplished' speech.
*does a quick check thru kitchen cabinets. * where was the cereal? *stomach growls* of course, finally hungry & I can't find the food...
just having the same conversation! how much must that cost!
you guys are cute
Hot ticket item! RT : Fiending for a nutter butter from Swung by there yesterday to get one & they were sold out
Crossing international borders automatically adds years to one’s sentence, doesn’t it?
That's the tastiest flavor besides green. In my very own personal opinion of course.
I think my body has been primed to know when it's the weekend because I am not even a bit tired.
RT: your body on my body >>>
“ Lay your head on my pillow, just relax...relax...relax...”
-Hahahahahaha. I hav a feeling all clubs in the states will be yelling that this summer.
#nyrb should scrap that kit altogether...
Awesome man. It was my third #FinalFour, but my first where I wasn't working. Had a great time.
High top fade for prom? Yeaaahbuddy!
Looking forward to our early dinner at 's Bottega
Today I am thankful for my kids and my husband - they always know how to put a smile on my face (and keep me on my toes)!
OHH IM SORRY WHY IS THAT?
You're speaking my language!
deondra needs to hurry up with her hair
Can you hear it? #847 is saying, "Reesie Puff, come home."
I've been here 32 years and think the same thing every day... “: I've been deceived with the PDX weather lol”
domo hat!! Lol that's legit!:)
Can't seem to fall asleep, where the hell is my nyquil?
This might be my favorite one so far!
Keeping my guard up i dont want that creeper near me!!!! D:
dreams of swimming in Kerbey queso
I blast 's covers when i'm sick (;
Back to performance -- is our political in#civility performance in search of point like debate?
SEO sounds sexy. It is actually hard work. That's the secret.
What say, you, me go out on the down and swing, baby? Yea - Austin Powers
Avoid payin dues and youre bound to pay, Grind too much get Ground Away
Never fall in love with a man only fall in love with what he can bring to the table ; <3
Quick Q: Is there timestamp based access to github resources? eg version of file X at time Y? Thanks!
Yankees redsox tonight. Okay
you've been in my Firefox bookmarks for mad long!!!
Ok, I now have a working twitter App. Back to the madness lol
Dear sweet chocolate covered berries, why? For the hen party? You'll be on your feet a lot anyway, why torture yourself?
Yum, Tim Riggins
Thank you! RT : Tune into to listen to the homie spin!!!!! He's killin it right now!
Our Veep of Operations, is sharing the insider secrets to saving money on rehab supplies in a class at Lowes today.
yeah, i seriously regret it!
There is nothing wrong with chasing money but what happens when it catches up to you.
loving Cap'n America! Shit now I wanna see Thor and Iron Man 2 am I a tool or what
It's so easy to fall in love but hard to find someone who will catch you.
Done! Following new people is fun
Josh on #xfactor blows me away. His voice is like cake at fat camp, butter on popcorn, snow on Christmas morning.
Cause you broke all your promises.
Spring Break is finally here....rain finally stopped....the fun starts here and now...Zuma Fun Center is open today from 10am to 8pm.
and at the end of the day, the only good dissertation is a done dissertation!
My own interracial marriage would have been illegal as recently as 1966.
Looking forward to it! :)
Yo, is at Spring Fling tonight in Spartanburg on the stage! showtime 8p.
and boys that TyPe LIke that are....._____ jk
Let's go iceskating and to DisneyLand!!!
Don't let adverse facts stand in the way of a good decision. -- Collin Powell
hey girl hey. Let's get together soon - music or no music <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Congrats!!! 5 years on Twitter
“: When you lose your friend to a girl. #pussywhipped” sound familiar
some of these bitches think they gettin a check...jus kno we #rackedup over here
I wanna love you in slow motion.
#iWillNeverTrust a man with fake Jordan's on.
When I take code out of a content page it works fine. Something is up with my master page. Never experienced this before.
Happy mothers day to all my family and friends that i dont have a number too.
Sign up for a free account today at www.vetsunite.com - The Social Network
Just ordered the wife her 1st smartphone. She's finally coming out of the dark-ages.
yea your site is completely crashed. nice work!
kinda jealous. I've never been there :)
I'm really getting into the 8th season of Law and Order SVU. Who knew there was a plot line?!
Curious to know what the Freshbooks integration will consist of.....
Flex Mussels. One upper East, one south of mid town.
Happy Easter!! To all I love! To all my fans, and those who love me!
Hey Lady!! How are ya?
And you love it! Right?
location? I am assuming Minneapolis? Thanks!
Just got next-level van tagged by Well played, boys.
up thankful for another day at life
Who is your biggest idol?
Your novel is amazing. So you have a contest and the winner becomes a character in the story? That is so cool!
Diana Taylor is teaching my new book, The Transreal, w & more, in her class on Embodiment in NYU Performance Studies!!!
Am I allowed to spend the remaining time to be served in Colorado drunk off my ass?
have always been drawn to troubled idealists.
what up!
Just started as the new Systems and Emerging Technologies Librarian at the Biddle Law Library at the University of Pennsylvania!
not baaddd. how are you?
you totally got this! Pump up the worship and get in the zone!
We're about done with University! Woo hoo!
Looks like I'm off this week. Oh well!
parts yes but I'd still need someone to show up at the performances as well...buy may not stay the whole time
add my fan page on facebook Vanilla's Ladies if you love a good dirty urban read with a females point of view on pimping
how's Kobe's team doing? Hahaha.
#1DTourUSA Chicago, June 2nd, Section 111 row H seat 26 INBETWEENERS DANCE GO. :) follow me :)
Thanks for the follow
Just made myself a #strawberry #yogurt #honey #granola parfait.
That's probably News to some but who says you have to be smart to have a like page on Facebook lol just an agent actually
They tell me life's a gamble I hola bet
is Ryan Verdugo, Wa State kid (Lk. Stevens) on the roster today for the Royals?
In other words, though this feels basketball-driven, it's really not.
Time moves quickly and can't be recovered so regretting what you just did continues to waste time...do what you love and don't audit later!
good iPad typing skills are priceless for increasing efficiency
I think I was just "threatened" lmao dats it fa dat shit all feelings Jus left the building
Diet Mountain Dew baby New York City, never was there ever a girl so pretty.
Off with younger bro to midnight showing of transformers 3!! Yay fun summer movies
busy writing Saturnalia carol: We'll drag out the couch and gamble/ Forget all about Hannibal/ Cuz nothing frightens like Titans..
can I be in the story??
nah. There's no reason for me to be mad at you..
Justin Beiber looks a little lost in the ring.
someone needs to throw a big prom after-party ...
Been a great night so far at
Justice Johnson of the Texas SC delivers opinion in Gilbert Texas Construction v. Underwriters at Lloyd’s London concerning a CGL policy.
she ain't messing w. no broke niggas .
Tebow time is over! Manning to the Donco's. Time to whoop some more Manning buttocks! So glad to have you in the AFC!
Cool. Let me know if you need any help.
Happy Wednesday everyone! What is your snow situation? Here in downtown Indy we have no accumulation. Is your child's school delayed?
Our show returns tomorrow with Big Game comic Matt Fulchiron.
I have the most amazing hubby in the world!!!!
he should ride a stationary bike!
should work for me
“: Man I Havent Got Any Real Sleep Since Last Week #ZombieLifeStyle”
what a Monday...so tired...
cool have a great day almost as great as your ass!;p
come out to the Palouse and I'll show yea how them bonfires work!!:)
maybe now i can focus on making myself happy :)
No, not an upgrade 4 me.Need to purchase CPO thunderbolt. How often is VZW CPO page updated? Whats the best way to get one?
I LOVE YOUR BROTHER.<3 (;
u keep replyin to the wrong names haha. im done changin em. but its that level, if your head almost hits the wall
Lame at bat by Garrett.
We just launched some new features for groupon .com. I would love to hear your thoughts
We sure do hope you have your iPhone ready because we are about to turn it upside down with the first HBCU Mobile App coming soon
I was gardening, and my dad came up to me and asked if I found any body parts.
It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job: it's a depression when you lose yours. ~ Harry S. Truman
SO excited for you :)
Come to 16mm, a screening of 4 experimental films in response to Justin Boyd's Dubforms! Feb. 29th 6:30 PM at the VAC!
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs that we're to ignorant to see what is right in front of us to enjoy the simple things and therefore love them
Wingstop and Buffalo Wild Wings,
omg. its so funny when your dentist has rotten teeth. like wth. -.-
Had no idea who Sarah Phillips was until this afternoon, now I'm very intrigued by this whole thing
the self is not something one finds, it is something one creates.-- Thomas Szasz
compulsive liar.. smh u don't have to make up big stories to impress me (Key; just be YOURself)
I was watching some youtube video's & i realized madonna sold her soul to the devil for fame!
Seriously my life can't gett any better, thank you for making it this way! :)
i cant stop watching their alan carr interviews omg.
Work. Errands. More work but outside. Now relax.
I never thought this day would come, but I'm finally over that time the #Brewers traded away Greg Vaughn in 1996.
Congratulations! Mover & Shaker indeed! Much deserving of the title!
<U+266C> 1996 The Spice Girls make their U.K. TV Debut on music show "Top of the Pops" <U+266C>
RT I bet carlos gonna try to teach me how to dance house music
Oh Ivanka, to be up this early I should have sent you a caffeinated Wired Waffle!
We have a handful of #FLEX / #ActionScript #Developer #Jobs in #Seattle. bit.ly/dDn0WQ
#youdustyif your grown still walking around wearing animated backpacks.
It's Kettner Nights so Come check out the Shops tonight on Kettner Boulevard in Little Italy Stop by & Mingle over Snacks & a Glass of Wine.
I am so Hungry!!!!
what a high today
I don't have any friends that are upset by Obama's remarks. In fact, everyone is celebrating.
#GoTribe I hate to bring this up but the Boston media was getting on Derek Lowe in 2004 for golfing while nursing a bl...
Haha thanks, let's go for it! We love both Bears and Karate, but not Cheetahs and Jujitsu. Do you know why?
Blog post by Paul Butler
i have this weird thing about people calling themselves "artist". say it only once for every legit piece of art you create.
Good Morning! Windy day, but still writing up proposals, and working on fences today! :)
Rather suspect Minnesota is gaining an international reputation as "the place where things collapse."
Lately, you’re the only person I’ve been wanting to talk to.
thanks for the follow - got a favorite movie quote?
great now I have that song stuck in my head. Watch out for Smokey today.
What's wrong?!
With at the #lakers vs. #Knicks game. Wonder what their production budget is!
so I called her back and she wouldn't get on the phone so I told William to tell her that I was only kiddin and I was sorry
Funny..I'm a dental hygienist, I just had sinus surgery and I am also praising God!!!
Happy Holidays and safe travels.
send Santa my way, would ya?!
Alright, that was the last one.
MySpace is lame now. Shouldnt have gone and changed everything! *cough* Facebook *cough*
B Remove you from president of my fan club, that's what.
Come'on Man! We're rooting for you, snatch the ball out of the air and make something happen! Great D so far!
being a good mother is always in opposition to being a good worker in the US. Unless you're a poor mother receiving benefit. Ugh
Please be couple on her graduation PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE.
oh really?
anyone know elizabeth kay from 99.1 shed b a good MC?
Really? :O How come didn't you go to one of her concerts there?
Welcome to Good Burger. Home of the Good Burger. Can I take your order?.
Is Jacobsen still going to ASU.
Men willingly believe what they wish. - Julius Caesar
Your not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on
Gang-shooting case: Adult charges for 2 teens rare
im mad you cut out like that and didnt say bye :(
what brand are these so I can also become addicted?
OMG clippers and Lakers tomorrow- where is the medication/ stash of Johnnie Walker
Nothing like a super Mario brothers w/party hype remix to work out to! Thanks !
Tomorrow at 2PM! We release our first song from our EP!
!!!!!!!!Follow and you might win the Milwaukee Person of the day!!!! New person every day!!!!
God Mooorrrrrnnniinnnn rise n grind time to shine. Todays word is focus. Stay focus on the prize.
Heading out to launch party at Who else will be there?
Big day at Twestival Baltimore. Today, we announce the line-up for the HF-TWESTIVAL!!!!
Dear analysts, why play the Superbowl? To hear the talk Green Bay already lost... Go Pack Go!!
This time, he says "Look, mate. I think it's obvious that MY name isn't Jaclyn, ok? PLEASE stop calling. The rep replies "are you Irish?"
I was awake at 4, but ours has an engine. Our neighbors would have been pissed but maybe it would have killed our tenant's afterbar.
This really cant get any better <3
Day by day construction clearing up the bkf
I almost voted in the Repug primary, but couldn't vote for either!!
On painmeds now so not feeling anything, MRI tomorrow we will see...miss you francis!
Exactly! RT : A5: Yes, if you dont aim for a target it will be dumb luck if you hit anything.
Today is National Kiss Day! So what's up!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
ha, ha, yes, I've had the same experience.
Really there is no one "New Mexico"—there are as many as there are people—every one unique—shaped by memory, worldview, hopes, and plans.
Character capacity is about the space, freedom and safety to bring our whole beings to work. What keeps you from bringing your full self?
Walked passed 2 guys sitting in a car with the dance version of the cotton eyed joe song CRANKED. Nothing weird about that....
Congrats on your fitness agent!!! You rock!
On Our Way To The Airport:):)
Hubert Robert's four ruin portraits are immense. I wonder if they were inspired by real scenes. I'd like to think they were.
Omg only 5 more mins yes !!?:-)
ahh feels good when im done working out hahaha feels refreshed idk y
I can't believe went home but he will go far in his music career cuz he's gud
Malone's is about to be on this morning! Be sure to tune in!
how about milwaukee?
I spoke to a former NFLer's daughter/caretaker yesterday, said her father was uneasy about filing lawsuit but joined because of Alex Karras
haha i dont seem to have any recollection of why im not shit :p
Well, good morning folks!!
Hows the ladies today
but what website?:o ksbausbshw I HAVE TO KSJDBSHS
please please please follow me I love you so much i am you number 1 fan ever
me to! I'd die like 10 times, come back to life, then die again, & cry.
can i come?
I'm TOO nice sometimes...
Is it just me or is anyone else totally unimpressed with the #AmericanIdol ladies? Looks aren't everything, boy judges!
What do cherries, margaritas, and toothpaste have in common? Shauna exercises her sweet tooth at Jelly Belly Factory, Sat (2/12/11) @ 8:30pm
I think you are still hacked. Just got a DM from you 20 mins ago.
(Emerging outside after three hours of process philosophy to find cold front has driven humidity from the air)
u wanna text
haha i cant stop playing this dang song!
Tony Parker Finishes 5th in 2011-12 Most Valuable Player Voting
Laidback Luke tonight in Philly!!
Can we get David Cone on twitter. We have you, Bob Lorenz, Jack Curry.We need more Yankees on twitter besides the 3 stooges
Eyes are dry. Lids are tired. Neck is curved upward.
: YOU are A-MAZING! Any woman would be lucky to have you as a Valentine. ;)
Thanks for letting me know
love this, thanks!
smh who you going form?
LET'S GO
Beat the beat up
So. I just heard Senator Scott Brown speak.
Wish I could be at #bamboozle so bad!
Congrats on the new job! Big loss for us/, big gain for the Big Apple!
you're an inspiration man. Keep speaking that
is that a FroYo flavor? Or whatever you people call it.
Want to go to SEE "The Artist" cuzz apparently no one talks!
Clearly I remember picking on the boy seemed a harmless little fuck
If I am , oh well
Woooweee. Busy week. The tired never stops.
It was amazing.
Dems knocked on 234k doors and WAW must be at least 150k..over 400k total but only about 20% home. Time to make last push!
The hardware store over on Monroe Ave., across from the Y, is good for keys and many other things.
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F> i fricken <U+2764> you omg my appointments went great! Baha
end of 3 claims the lead at 8-6 over One quarter remaining in
slept from 3pm yesterday until 430am this morning... fail
These guys are good!! If you haven't seen or heard them yet, now is the time!!
It's daily. Seriously, I'm convinced it's contractually obligated to only work 4-5 hours a day; nevermind my 8 ...
#tastemakersks! So sad I had to get off the call early. Learning from others strides and setbacks is a lesson and a blessing
why he blocked u
#FUTP60 RT Discovery school was such a blast!!! Thanks everyone for having me! Get active and drink your milk!!
review it up
Heading to Kraeger Park for St. Charles soccer--5th grade girls against 6th grade St. Vincent's. It'll be a tough one--go Cardinals!
. Which side of division do you come down on? Or are there more than 2 sides?
12 Days of Celeb-mas: Celebrity Hair Transformations of 2011 (PHOTOS) On the sixth day of Celeb-mas, Celebuzz gave to me . . . six brand
I've thought of that myself xD a girl I go to school with is one & I asked her a bunch of questions about it, sounds easy & fun xP
Journalism. Raiders is top-five all-time dude.
Chris Paul with 3 assists on the afternoon to go along with 4 turnovers and 7 rebounds.
My daily routine: wake up, be amazing, go back to bed lol
Filling out my address for the 4th time on a comic sans "employee information" sheet from EA, sad
Ouch! Hope you feel better soon :(
do you ever go to houzz.com? Drool.
Blake Griffin hands down RT : Which player has the best dunks in the NBA
If your dog has a reason to come and knows its way home. It'll always come home. Same thing goes for your man.
I think I've only done one horror movie, Psycho I
I'm sorry #Ubuntu I'm having a huge issue still wrapping my head around the #Unity interface, does that make me bad?
Hey Love whats up???
On way home...I'm going to miss my lil spa weekend at the Westin and on the dinner cruise
Thank you. I'm so glad that she won.
Don't get mad, but I'm not super impressed by this whole moon thing.
i just created a hasthag for my Wednesday social media event #WLUsocialmedia; am tweeting articles and video am reading in prep for it
Cannot wait for the #BayernMunich v #InterMilan match!
"Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality."
NOW Following HELLO SISTER!!!
If you like #salsa or #bachata go to Millennium Hotel tonite in #STL! Tremendous party guaranteed! Also, dance performances!
Did you know that Associate Members can borrow ARE study materials for FREE from our office on Chase Street?
Loving the first day of fall
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL KEEP OUR TROOPS IN YOUR THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS ,BRING THEM HOME SAFE 2012
Celine Dion coming back to Vegas Special Concert for her big return opening @ Caesars Tuesday March 15th 2011 send your request to MVP
I can't sleep.
Confidence - how nerve cells: almost restored.
It's getting late for the Budget Committee: CM Englander just asked the Planning Department for a report back on a football team.
DUDE! I miss you man!! Where you at? I need a pep talk dude, and you need to get your mind right and holler at me.
My music understands me better than anyone #Vibin .
hmm okay. Lets shoot
I love you too. Old drumline shiiit.
...while eat my oatmeal, drink alkaline water and work
Sometimes I cry because of your perfection.......wait what?
Stop at Gerrity's and pick up some Hanover's .5 ounce Halloween bags. It's the only place in the world that still has them. :(
what are you seeing while you watch so very closely? I'm waiting for them to acknowledge k12.
Happy Monday, hope everyone had a great weekend!
I'm from Bellingham!~
omg not yet lol but probably in the near future
where are you
RT : Thanks Patsy! I like how it came out. //Did you Stumble it?
RT : Steve is the best. RT : thanks much - great :)) - Just learned from today
Sign up, we can fly in together and be roomies! Or we could hit up one of those one day workshops for high falls in NY.
FLYSTAR MONEY GANG, FLYSTAR MUSIC GROUP, #FMG WE BLESSED CONTRACTS R STEADY COMN TO US WE R DEF #SIGNING SOON MMG,DEF JAM,UNIVERSAL
I guess when u r doing the equivalent of none, does it really matter, as long as u do 1 or other? It's more than what I was doing.
I'm the one learning to enjoy basketball and who's snoring thru this must watch game? Not me!
Good job on the #sponge video shoot today. I think should invite Sloth to all future performances.
Getting excited! I'm launching my multimedia project Feb 1
[If] a situation is unpopular, a good official must not shirk it. He cannot take the easy way. He must face it and try to solve it. [1945]
The Ibis fly side by side, front to back, floating, dipping, riding the wind, 30 or more.I only imagine when the FL sky was black with them.
Provided I can hack it out of its frosty Frigidaire time machine before the next century.
Im beyond tired and i need a massage...
waiting in the MKE airport headed to PHL. 1 hour delay on this snowy day. But soon, the warm suns of Africa ! =)
is rapidly growing and hiring positions throughout the company. Stop by their booth for my info today. exacttarget.com
Team work and beer sesh!
I just voted for #DAF11_THetherington at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
I have Friday and Monday off. Woo :D
Ok, really Coffee Bean? I think '10 minute time outs' stopped when I was 5.
I am very proud of you...re: WHCA board.
I need to find someone who can bring a computer back from the dead. I think I got a very nasty virus. Help?
#3wordforyou I feel Nice
are those spatulas in your avatar?
What a glorious day in Granby, CT! It finally feels like Spring is here!
pretty good!! I've got a couple more days here. Love it. Everything is perfect.
Where would I be had Tammy not encouraged me to resume live music 10 years ago? Else, I might've given it up completely. Can't imagine.
Oh I've tweeted before IYKWIM. I don't know what I mean.
im sorry i dont see your type of music on the charts. hahahahaha
VERY Impressive After 2 hours of training I am officially exhausted. But, according to my I burned 770 calories!
Is granola even good for you? Let's be real.
Yes! We do press releases. Good times last night at :)
What happens when your will to live no longer takes center stage ??
Welcome to Twitter , KnolwedgeWorks' Pres and CEO!
please follow me! i converted some people into Mahomies! :D
Congrats to the Rays for sweeping the Yankees. It's a long season, but I would rather be 3-0 then start out 0-3.
Some folks reporting about 's new film THE GREEN INFERNO are totally missing the Cannibal Holocaust reference.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. – John Quincy Adams
Obviously there was a potato sack race that day.
The next time someone gives you a compliment say thank you and really let it soak in. People love you!
way to go Ash!! That's awesome! Take my finals for me
is holding it down after 4 innings for the , 1-0 O's at the top of 5th
Everything is always my fault , I always have to take the blame .
u are just to beautiful for words god its nuts lol even in my wildest dreams couldnt dream up a more beautiful women
My brother hasn't pitched this bad in 3 years.......
is on fire today
I think so.... I think there is a cocktail party on Saturday? Are you coming Saturday?
You can't lose something you never had.
MADISON YOU SEX GOD OMG WUT
ill be there march 22-27 most likely. staying at mandalay bay where my boy works. there is like 7 of us goin. u need too!!!
and Thanks for following
Agree! : It AMAZES me how immature boys can be
stop bringing #rosie on the today show
This past weekend. Yes
Our pleasure!
Hey Tyler, names on tickets not required for entry. They'll need valid ID to prove 18+ and a valid ticket.
You missing out! Run home lol!
it's great to be here, though mostly applying for jobs so somewhat preoccupied :-)
Probably soon! We are from Florida! If not then probably on tour next year!
Veteran writer adds big pen to New Media team
Making Impressions: North Plains potter and teacher Michael Simmons readies work for next weekend's Ceramic Showcase in...
Follow Us Please??(:
#MyBiggestFearIs people thinking i'm a shark instead of a dolphin trying to help (Figuratively speaking)
do they have sugar free?! Ha
On our Facebook page..we still need 1 winner for a pair of tix to Lucky Deluxe tonight ..go there!
If I wasn't going to NYC today, I'd be at enjoying their 60 inch tv on the patio, tons of food and watching the #Caps game!
Congrats on finishing! Left a comment for you on your blog.
can the latter exist without the former? All perception is relative. Without bad, there can be no good.
thank you so much! I wish I could be there and pinch your baby's cute cheeks :)
love you too beautiful text me<3
My mom needs to stop hooking me up with her friend's kids.
Rookie's I'm guessing make the 100: Cam Newton, Von Miller, A.J. Green Patrick Peterson
RT : The Kardashian's are so talented!
thanks we intend to have fun!
This coffees making me want to run around the store naked<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I'm actually a nice person .
LMAO RT : Facebook needs to add a "Still banging my ex" as a relationship status option.
Just imagine what would have happened if all three asked on the same day without you having committed yourself to Slovenia.
Mailing this week! Mailing this week!
not sure what SLU is, but if I'm in town I will be sure to be there! (that whole living in FL thing gets complex!) :-)
Went shopping, found this shirt but I really didn't feel like going into the dressing room so I just stripped in the middle if the store(:
"It takes much more courage, strength of character, and inner conviction to forgive than it does to hang on to low-energy feelings."
Yeah right. Mr. T and Tom Arnold were classics.
Oh you're having a grad party and invited 1,200 of your closest friends on Facebook? Let me know how that goes.
hey boy hey ;) haha
If you're wondering what SOPA is, go check wikipedia.... Tomorrow
Oh! That has a completely different meaning for us guys :D
What do I do!?! Common Plumbing fixes are at: oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com See you there!
We want to reach out and tell women with ovarian cancer and their families, we are here for you. Call if your need support. www.docit.org
you too! have a good day
My girl ain't doing a thang at home, that's why I'm right here with you. And ion really care if you tell, but tell me if you do.
please follow back sexy
@ cruz, this time I read it and felt dulcet tone
Let's go Donald Driver!
I just don't get the chick who wanted to be on America's Next Top Model... she's just not even that good of a singer. Ugh.. AI is so rigged.
Im one sarcastic mother fucker.
It was awesome and inspiring to meet and chat with and others tonight. Thank you!
it has to be done and so shall I wait.
Hard to handicap today's beards - poofy chops, neck pelts, a classic mustache - was Edwin Morgan a vampire? So many questions.
Indeed. At the very least his argument puts all sexual accountability on women.
-It's T, my other account ;)
the 9th and 10th are very important days for me
so Mikey has a girlfriend..
Cell phones should have the option to change "airplane mode" to "drunk mode" that way my drunk texts never leave my phone.
Omg there is a girl scout cookie kiosk at the mall wow
#irespect anyone that doesn't drink or smoke their balls off.
Gotta stay on my A game when it comes to she's bad <3
thanks man
thank you! How can we get some of our classes listed in the events section?
wish you were here!
It's a real horror. Thanks for bringing it to my attention :S
Someday we'll have to tell you about the time we got shouted out by Chingo Bling while he was performing at !
Claudia Mueller of CVL in Columbus, GA responds: "educating the board and building a staff that is continually learning."
Coming soon on blog site will be "Building Win-Win Partnership" for chapter & state council leaders.
Good listening to you again :) RT Look who has made an appearance! Good to see you.
I'm off to With an umbrella. An umbrella I probably won't open...because it's broken. Wish me luck.
Lets get this
Ready for Saturday!
Reality Check of the morning: "IF YOU WANT CHANGE.... YOU HAVE TO GO THROUGH CHANGES!!!
Honestly, the world should have more but that's not necessarily because he's a tech circuit rider. :)
All men who have turned out worth anything have had the chief hand in their own education
We strangers now..
RT : Leverage the community of influencers to help you tell your brand story
Freiboth thinks tunnel creates tons of Seattle jobs. We hear only around 150. For... $4 BILLION. That's some expensive jobs.
#20factsaboutme 5) No one really understands me
“: #ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless One Direction Tickets :) ” yes
he's just trying to make a splash and be controversial. He needs to live up to Barkley.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU! The finale was what we've been waiting for! Chuck and Blair. <3 I love how she went all in.
The only time it's acceptable to pick your nose and eat it is if you have coke up there.
It's peanut butter jelly time... Peanut butter jelly time.... Wait ..strike that. It's #BEER time. Lets get this party going!!!
Official news! We're expanding our #Broward presence! June 1st Friendman, Cohen, Taubman & Co. will join Kaufman, Rossin...
yup, trips are up on the website. So happy we're back in Florida! Two Decembers in a row
Know any high school or college kids looking for a spring/summer job?
Don't let the moments slip by...they're what remind you you're alive
White Chicks is way too easy to be swept in to. I'm 15 minutes late in my shower now.
“: pssst... don't tell anyone, but McGill is bidding to host #dh13 – anyone interested in visiting Montréal?” ++good
I think by laughing as hard as that, I shat in my pantz
#Nuts: the #walnut is the oldest tree known to us. Its fruit is rich in #protein and #fat. It provides 600 cal per 100 grams.
Away from work drinking beer
I just like kosher coffee.... Is that so bad?:(
Feels amazing to be back on the iPhone 4 after 9 days with the original iPhone.
“[Young people] are forced too early to pick an identity: ‘This is who I am, this is the vocation I’m preparing for’”-author Andrew Delbanco
You people tweet way too much
I got no phone :( seriously! i'mma get one soon ! #YES - are u going to Springfield tomorrow?? d:
fuck them worldstar haters they aint fucking with jersey in anything that we do, negative or positive
I wanna thank all the dads who ACTUALLY act like dads , this day is for you. <3
He is a great teacher and will be missed I am sure. Not to mention he was the sharpest dressed teacher I ever had!
Contact us at and we'll direct you to the right person. Mahalo!
Yeah. I'd often wondered if we should have a separate acct for live tweeting (which we do frequently).
Indiana should be able to handle Miami
Strozapretti Pomodoro app, pasta sampler, & balsamic steak!
SIBC news - Tavish Scott commented after 78% of delegates at Scottish Police Federation AnCon voted to oppose single national police force
Good luck to my friends with the Grammy nom's tonight. See you soon.
Thought it was good, but not great. After reading your post, it might have been due to the girl next to me throwing up.
do u think I can get a follow back please?<U+E056><U+E00E>
I kicked the gym's butt this morning!!
Watching Hannah if I remember right its a gud movie.
Screw it, the Rangers are seven wins away - money isn't an option. Ticket to Game 2 purchased, first ever Conference Finals game at MSG.
Austin's little dance in his 'one in a million' cover>>>>>>>>><U+2764>
My favorite Tom Hanks movie is...fuck Tom Hanks.
it's funny in retrospect that your mom thought "we don't need the internet"
you must be bored outa ur mind if u're tweeting!Tell J-Low to buy u a drink and take ur ass to get that face tattoo u wanted
reading the boys' thank you notes that are on the cover of the album.Im like bawling :')
Baby theres a shark in the water </3
Wtf am I doing on level 5 of 100 floors?
What is going on with MLB Extra Innings and the Giants/Phillies game? Come on now.
Seriously this time...goodnight (:
Worky work work.
Super duper excited.
Great episodes. It's my favorite show in years.
If your a white gurl and fux wit black guys...I see u
no, I imagine they have people do it for them. you need a stunt double!
thanks for Following back Good-Lookin ;-)p~
Wish we could be there!
we can work it out!..... Baby!.... Baby, we can work it out!
We're there. So far, really good info. Thanks Beth Kantor!
There is something deeply wrong about a Scrabble game that doesn't accept the word JEDI
I want someone to do that with. And one day, I'll find out why you took that from me.
from Blog: Cities court retail development at
Thanks Ann,
NPH must host the Tony Awards every year.
TimeMatters first license wil cost $950. Additional licenses for the Less Paper Law office will run about $550 per user.
Brendan Shanahan would suspend Ron Artest for at least 50 games. Intent to injure, elbow to head, injury, plus PREVIOUS HISTORY
and countless pubes
Haha , "No No No , Dude aint Eating nothing off Me so why would i sing that ?" Aha , play so much(:
someone on my list was playing too. i want to play. how did they get their hands on it?
Oh that is too thoughtful.. change is good :)
follow her she's a recording artist!
good morming boo happy hump day
RT Everyone's getting pregnant!
hi want to DM?
Given all the hysteria, it’s interesting to note #SocialSecurity has been in surplus for 30 yrs and will continue to do so
Oh no! There's a Twitterjail? Can we bail you out by clapping our hands furiously?
Happy Star Wars Day!
Haha, I forgot about that. Good times!
#Imagine: The boys are performing WMYB, & Harry lifts you on stage,& sings his solo part to you,then smiles & lightly kisses your cheek,<U+2665>
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt. --Happy Thanksgiving...week!
That sounds so amazing right now!
My football coach said i needed to get a neck scholarship...
#liber2011 Any news about tweetup at lunch today? I just got here ...
Happy Birthday to Koochiching County's finest -- -- a must follow for MN politicos!
The bus driver tried getting the guys number , but he's married haha xD
“: Is it art Basel yet?”
timberwolves must make good watchdogs
YOUR ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS.<3 LOVE THE DRESS
Roddy B and Brandon Wright are BALLIN for the Mavs right now... don't forget, Roddy's career high 40 was in Oakland 2 seasons ago
": Both my sisters are engaged and I'm Nothing . <U+E403><U+E403><U+E403>" it's ok cousin, I don't have a ring either lol
LUCKY! XO
I want it! Your new motivation coach deserves it!
Is rocking the Bret Michaels costume tonight
Is one of your 2012 Resolutions to get in better shape? Here are a few tips you can do at your desk:
So thankful for today. Had a blast! I was so glad to catch up with everyone:)
#OddJobs4AThug2Have Private School Teacher
im sure you are. You always have a positive energy. You can do it :)
Be the first to respond to the next trivia question in the next 5 minutes and receive 1 FREE King Tut ticket!
thanks karyanne! Check out the tunes at www.reverbnation.com/wheelies
dang u never at work
Your focus needs more focus
People are so fake now-a-days..
Sitting in conference w/companies from all over North America who sell in the B2B and B2B2B space. They should be at #smbmad this am.
#nowplaying World War I~ :)
I thought that was your daughter. She's your niece though, right? Still beautiful and good practice for you!
done. Now how about ppl in In who R NOT in construction back 2 work?
Thank u! RT : Great session covering visual storytelling - building story, characters, photography, video, sound #sxmggp #sxsw”
“: Fuck yeah #ThePatriots just came out my my dad's song Crazy Train #superbowl ”
On the way to sound check. Said waddup to M.O.S. and them met Tony Humphries
needs to follow me back. (Holland chick)
I have to get all four taken out because they are growing in sideways an I love my food.
Psh. I'd work him so good he'd call me. Lulz.
Don't Go Broke Trying To Keep Up With The Captain.. Act Your Wage !
I think I just followed the whole cast of on twitter. did I miss anyone?
Many thanks ;-)
just go running instead.
We have a new server ready - vpn32 OpenVPN (SSL) server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
hey whats up!!
Thank you for the RT!
It's taking me more than half an hour to get through 3 miles in downtown Portland.
#TwitterPoll What are your plans for Labor Day?
Attn Service Industry - OFFICIAL Mother's Day After Party at Red Rabbit. 10p-Midnight. Bat and a Ball and Dealer's Choice. Spread the word!
We're almost to 8,000 Facebook Fans! Who will be lucky number 8,000?
Vegas baby! ICF Conference - This will be my first year attending! Any tips from those of you who have gone in the past?...
Sad day. My mother has passed but she is now where she has wanted to. No more pain!!!
Thanks! The FB one click button was the work of design magician !
Kevin Durant and Michael Jordan have the same record... both clutch players.... so KD = MJ ??? #reasonable? #closestmatch?
Someone pick !!!!!
Other good lists: publib, ARSL (if you work @ a rural library), LITA (if you're interested in tech or want to learn abt tech)
YES SIR (:
ya, sure buddy!:)
Attention! Albuquerque , NM ! Venue change; we are performing at Gasworks tonight! 2429 Quincy st. NE! Doors at 7!
Watch CBS58 and Channel 12 at 5pm for coverage of the Women Build.
I guess the real question is...do you say it on your birthday?
Proverbs 8:34 (KJV) Blessed is the man that heareth me, watching daily at my gates, waiting at the posts of my doors. - Wisdom
K rate will regress back to his career norm (14%ish), look at last year/MiLB #s. He's been a .300 hitter his entire career.
I look forward to taking part. Will be in the equivalent of intensity for 2 months
Celebrate with by reading a #Mothersdaybook to a kid. How about the 1960 P.D. Eastman's Are You My Mother ?
Wish someone would talk to me!!! Baha so bored :)
Driving on the Capitol Beltway around DC is making me appreciate the lack of traffic in Rochester!
Cajun dill gator-tators!!!
Omgosh I never had to pee on cue before. #notrust anymore
We really need to do a review of them. But I'm torn between wanting them to be successful and not having it get too popular!
plz follow me can u be my 300 follower plz and thank u: D
Those moments where you're close to giving up but won't cause you're fighting for something that means the world to you.
I see stars<33333333
RT : Hm, reviews are mixed for my new perfume, “Primate House." Back to the lab!
I miss you friend :(
Free champagne + South Beach = happy Brittney
u cant please everyone & its a waste of time because some1 always gonna find a reason not to, so do what makes you happy because its ur life
I'll take a zero or just use somebody elses.............. GUESS WHAT
Planned Parenthood received "290,000 posts on Facebook/Twitter from Jan. 31st - Feb. 6th" regarding Komen Foundation (WOW)
#DERBYonNBC -- So! Who u like in The Preakness?
new JADED song up on our facebook now! go under our BandPage and listen to "CLASSIC" hope you enjoy and spread the word if you like it!!!!!
Foul by Omar Arellano (Mexico).
mau mau mau ma ma mu mu mu m m m m m m pu pu pu p p p p literally what happened when I tryed to say mau a bunch of times.
What was the line on first score of the game being a safety? Wow
Great fun w/ good friends. Thx , , , kareemomary and others.
Happy #May1st! What's your #MayWish?
yeah it was good then I almost got a shirt but I'm gonna get something else insted
loolzz! Yes man
“: The NCAA is now working with select reporters to attack certain programs. New territory for NCAA. Disturbing.”anti cal? Smh
Yaaaay Tenn!!! Good job girl!! Ellen and 'all showed out<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
That's handy.
Wonderful! Keep an eye on our social media and our website for updates in the mean time!
you are so cute.
Give me some Kool Aid.
Found your wife's blog via your website--you guys are both crazy talented!
Because of the holiday, our weekly meeting is tomorrow! Same time, same place.
The factor is the go between for the client and the customer who gives the client money and collects money that is due.
That groundhog is a liar
how is the organizing going? What's the latest tube about?
Q3) Then find a way to put what you learned to practical use and learn more by trial and error #lrnchat <put not out!
Just finished my exam and sermon. I received 100% on both! I will graduate from my 2 year ambassador Bible training program in 2 weeks.
Shocker! A calipari coached team cannot shoot free throws, or execute anything resembling a plan on offense. Hope to outathlete opponents.
? More like Bleh_n_inbleh!
Spencer and I just watched it. Hilarious! We love it. We love that we get to use ! Thanks for sharing.
Clippers in the playoff
But only if it was me u were talking bout.. Lol
Really? That's a thing? And I didnt know abt it? RT : Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!
I know summer is coming because I keep spending money on trying to build the perfect sunny soundtrack.
I'm completely underdressed. What happened to the sun?
This weekend I will continue to work on my ish.
TY so much for the RT!
yay I'm so glad your still coming! the weather is perfect
OMG r u kinding me yyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssss i got the job i went for at the WB my frist big project yea me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I would rather stay at home all day and fangirl over One Direction than go to school. That place is torture, man.
amazing job! 25000 followers!
thanks for posting from H!
Lately it seems the only one retiring in America is Retirement itself.
I don't know how to put this, but I'm kind of a big deal. People know me...
It was Mike carrol and the name was Malakai..
yes i do
Will Brees be back with the #Saints?
Bah! Don't like Jello?! :P You're speaking to a gooey dragon! My feelings are hurt! XD *noses*
How was it - I plan on being in Vegas next year :)
Quincy Miller doesn't exist.
82% of people who say they are sexually satisfied also report feeling respected by their partner during sex.
Cream of Mushroom Soup + Italian Bread + Boddington's = Flippin' Delicious
Should really stick to eating healthy...oh Cheez-its, you taste so good!!!!
the things i wish i could say to these stupid ass customers
New android device performance benchmark from coming this week!
white platform flipflops at world trade center
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays everyone!!
Today's challenge: Burpee Pushup + Box Jump! AWESOME! Congrats to Brian Rowe from our 6:30 class for being the current leader!
Im not a huge fan of kids. So when one reaches out to me i always feel like im in a horror film where the kid is trying to tell me something
me too. i remember it haha
If ur 50 and your 20's was the best ten years of your life u did something wrong
yep I am pretty big deal, I have a city in NY following me on twitter. I have no idea why.
Come on ! Time to step it up.
-- Thanks for the FT! Hope you're having a great week Brian.
but hey, hooray for being in a city that supports a carless existence
Large donations from out of state interests?
D1 PowerHouse “Shembechler Hall renovation will announce that you have arrived at Michigan ://t.co/m2W5HfiJ"
PI is now creating, designing and printing your entire billboard campaign.
I love 1D too.. But I just made a new acc not used this.. Cause I still love austin too.. He can't be replaced
Anyways ... Packing for ny
ThMorUKno:The book of Revelation is as much a political statement as religious. (Thru imagery, author takes shots at the Romans.)
Off to Lakewood to see friends play an #Occupy benefit and then Meganne Stepka with at Merry Arts.
dear , please just let me listen to the song i'm craving, empire state of mind, and stop forcing lady gaga and estelle upon me
This job thing ain't for me.
I'm not okay
Im sorry! And then finally at the end of it i have my 8th "continuation" lol then im done!
#NW: The Hard Times Of RJ Berger >>>>>
hello there
The nightly arrested development in bed w android.. That sounds salacious.. But its not
I dare you. I fucking dare you to ignore me you cunt.
I set the coffee pot to brew at 6:00am, so when I get out of bed at 6:15, it's all ready for me :)
drink something then! Lol!
Had a productive day and wish everyone the same on friday.
had a great day of Camp and rehearsal getting ready to rest this weekend!
hahahhah so did we both give it to her???
Indeed, but I hope he keeps the crazytalk flowing.
Me too. *shudder*
No one is too good to be tempted
FEVAH DAWWWWWWWWWWWG! goes through my head at the quietest of moments, like an assault on my synapses.
Getting ready to head off to Florida for rest of the month to film a movie...pics and details to come!
#hth2012 I'm following better now. Vishen showing media, consumerism, and nostalgia prior to armed insurgency in 1989
what if I wanna fuck with you? Will you screw me also?;b
Who is you favorite superhero?
thanks for all the suggestions. It was hard to choose but we went with Lure. Cheers,
Thank you for the follow, Shiroi.
such a lack of info. too many new delicious goodness to document. expect voluminous texts in the next week concerning mostly hoppy things
You're joking, but I bet everyone who is (or was) a female grad student is cringing at just the thought,
I may not have a mom but I wouldn't trade my life for anything #thankful <3
Great class on Saturday at Pierce College in LA...24 people eager and willing to start their own home-based business...yeah! Helene :)
Females think they trendsetters..
killed it yesterday at D'OR. What a great party! The downstairs lair was the perfect solution to yesterday's heatwave.
“: On this date, 150 years ago” ... 3,862 American Casualties at Fort Magruder, Virginia.
Oh yeah. I would also like to thank for all the awkward moments experienced at #SPN #Chicon ....so thank you Misha. Thank you.
I'm appreciative of everyone who has supported me. I love you! We've won the battle and the war continues.
Something tells me you could find a line of guys that would be willing to buy one for you
Ooh, I love this idea! Steve Nordstrom and I discussed in Dallas forming a running club, so this is great!
the pressure is building with time i made it up in my mind i've got excuses for all these things that i've tried in my life
New All American Rejects is blah
Met today :) she was so beautiful and so sweet :)
We Kicked the Show off with signs of love making by Tyrese and have plenty more hits to come.
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Imagination (Gladys Knight & the Pips ) - Midnight Train to Georgia 1973 :)
We lost because my school didn't let us wear Broncos jerseys!
I hate when that one person ruins something great happening for the whole class #Jheeze <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
RT : 2011 Get Lit! Festival author Kathleen Flenniken has just been named the Washington State Poet Laureate. Hooray!
Without Pain there is no pleasure, with out sadness there is no happiness, and without ignorance there is no wisdom. remember the goodness!
Haha, what's wrong with knee licking?
I really want Sour Punch Straws the strawberry flavored :)) <3
For the ladies, Text Dress to 84444 for your chance to WIN Dresses for a year from www.OneHotDress.com RT to spread the word, thanks!
I haven't received my order in over two weeks and you guys locked me out of he site so I can't check it. call 5129837614
pretending to read and work again?
Why does this kid thinks he's all dat !!!
two words: pumpkin pizza
Good luck tonight, Taylor.
what time?
I don't know dslakjfsdg i'm just in a mood. :(
I think that works! Lemme get into the beginning of next week to make sure. I'll think of a place in the meantime.
RT if you have been near a woman before.
I just want to watch 90's tv shows/cartoons all day!
Who wears Skinny jeans to the gym? This is why the world has so many problems!
thanks so much for the RT - so excited to be part of the event this year :)
Great chat with author this morning about social media!
I feel ya
well.. it wasn't snowing 30 minutes ago.
Had a great evening service, now on a date with my bride.
City Ordinance of the Day: Procuring or giving alcohol to someone underage, FINE: $366
#ASTD2012 budget is the biggest barrier to mobile learning, followed by legacy systems according to ASTD
True! I cringe at the thought...
Note to Andrew Bynum: get on the P.R. wagon asap, apologize for parking in handicapped spaces, and work with some charities for disabled!
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your take on the bean ballet.
Michelle Obama sent me the nicest letter today. Telling me how special I am and how important I am to this nation. Then asked me for money.
Good luck caleb ole buddy!!!
I think I just got an A in my philosophy test!
Hello NC!
Thank you ever so much. YOU ROCK!
please make panclog (abbreves for "pancake blog") a reality. i'll design the background (hint: picture of pancakes)
As it should have been from beginning (or exclude Marquette) too RT : #badgers allow Uthoff to contact any school outside Big 10
Just finishing her hair , who wants to come over ?
Right now I could care less if my music is too loud you can deal. I can barely hear it but people not listening to it can hear it more...
na my house(;
Then twisting of the hair
Packing up to head to Palm Springs to work with of & for Michael's Look Book!
just figured
Sleepy.. I need sumin to do
text me at 818 624 7911 and we'll talk about it
I guess its cardboard and glitter cards this year.
I dont know! there was like a news story that like children above9 that grind their teeth have ADHD. he should..guess what
will u follow me
Beer pong with Just like old times.
Go Wisconsin! RT : I think at 4PM we hit the biggest primary turnout in WI history of 30%
See, I'm the only one that even remotely knows how to dress. My mom wears too much black and my dad wears short sleeve button ups
I liked it. Been there as a boy
Warren Buffett's #Berkshire Hathaway discloses new investments in General Motors and MTV-owner Viacom
You & the boys will be one hour away from me next week & I don't have tickets to the show wa how awful! )': xx
Feeling great!!
Let Mariott know the shuttle schedule? I just asked the front desk and they have no idea. Also, what's the shuttle schedule?
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Had to come all the way to DC to enjoy a MN small brew beer. It's also gluten free!
you said it. golly it's gorgeous.
RT : Hey guys, I’m starting a cool new hashtag:
RT : W the $1.71M winners check, says he won't buy another house but a new car for sure -- Ferrari Enzo.
Really sucks about Nick Collins - definitely going to miss him on the field. Not an injury to mess with though, smart decision.
My followers are growing. That is AWESOME!!
We are working on solutions for both. Also make sure to look down. Many areas have in floor outlets but are often missed.
When will they announce this Yu Darvish posting
The Obama Levin McCain GULAG Bill (AKA the NDAA) self authorization to commit conspiracy against American constitution, punishable by law.
I don't support vegetarianism. Anybody got beef with that?
to avoid a issue with their name i guess
follow me??
Nothing like a rainbow snowcone to cheer me up:)
Life is wasted when you arnt
"What I Did For a Klondike Bar: A True Story"
i wish i was getting plowed right now
what is life
#IADMIT I'm a bitch, not all the time but I sure can be one
One stop shop for any gigging musician. #sanantonio owned & operated. CD/DVD mfg, t-shirts & merch! Hit us.
“: Looks like there's nothin to do tonight #BAF” Xbox. My house? Bring
In love with Austin Mahone, Justin Bieber, There so Cute lol ^_^
My baby godfather is tripping this morning.this man is wearing overalls and a floral suit jacket. Were going to have to discuss this.
Ive been asking this question for years!!! Come to Atlanta and put your skills to the test!!
We only do it in the AM -- FrankMusik
Congrats Iota Pi chapter on the Sorority Scholarship Award & Outstanding Student Program of the Year at !
The statement on the Lin headline is hilariously short. Basically just says "we fired the guy."
way to stay on top of that one rt Cowboys sign CB Brandon Carr to a 5-year, $50.1 million deal.
then go to bed... Goodnight! :)
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited.
Nobody is listening to #Dell at #SMIATL b/c they are wondering if Dell is listening to them.
Up early gotta drop lil man off at school then off to wrk life gettin better n Gods the reason
Hey everyone, please click the link above and like my photo to vote for me in the ABSOLUTE FUEL contest! =)
one page left! I'm going to bed!
I think you guys should do a #CoolMorning3 :)
anyone know if "Howl" is ever playing in Columbus
Embrace your Irish spirit March 16 & 17 w/Corned Beef & Cabbage & Irish whiskey 4 a real !
can u plz do me a shoutout?thanks.(:
92.8 percentile be-ach wanna toast to that?
I would get sick the day before islands
END OF FUN
thanks babe how are you?
Minor tho. RT : And my thanks to for not being too evil in convincing me I made an error. Yeah, I own my mistakes. ;-)
oh I have never heard of that class! good luck finishing it, it's still hard for me to learn vit/min
who told you that?
Ouvindo DJ Earworm Mashup United State of Pop 2011 (World Go Boom) U.U adoro
Exciting! I'm assuming that 'upcoming novel' means 'coming soon'--Congrats either way.
ADP, a company started by senator lautenberg over 40 years ago now has over 45,000 employees.
fuck prom and everyone that makes it such big deal! now they have me stressed!
#Amen to that! <3
last week for ramps at Calvert Farm
thank you. I would love to help. How may I help?
If Kobe Bryant had a Facebook page, his interests would be overcoming obstacles, pressure, proving you wrong, championships, repeat.
see u from break
Ha! Pretty sure my wife and I said the same thing at halftime. (I assume we're talking Ric Renner)
For pizza, yes. The first bite, though...I never know quite how the first bite's gonna go. And so, silver :)
What upcoming shows are you coming too? Let us know!
okay *unfollow* I'm lois
Stay safe.
Be honest, the Caps will lose like they always do. Don't make it harder on yourself.
That would be exogamy
Whelp, didn't get a win from my Wed league for my B-day...The team just couldn't put anything together. I was 2 for 4. Helped a little?
Bell Biv Devoe said it best!!
doubleclick everything moms.
I wrote on some random kids paper and he didn't notice haha
Fav quote in my Interviewing class: My dog hates hippies.
The $Money$ Gone Cum If Not Im Gone Get Id I Gotta Die Wid Money Cuz I Wasnt Born Wid Id!*
“:This describes 98% of bikini/figure coaches btw" True, but it works to get lean. What else works 4 figure??
how does it feel?
You should send me because I love going to the movies and I love gofobo!!!
well can honestly say that I dug my own grave today & totally deserved it!WTF
Happy Friday from LPMR! Coming soon great sale for MD, Chiropractors, Acupuncturist, & Dentist, anyone whom MUST be in compliance for 2013!
the pleasure is all mine :) yes I have a friend in chi-town to visit! Lol
SECRET SHOW w/ begins in about an hour! Head to !
miss ya to!! I'll be in NYC 3.8-3.13 hope to see you if your around!
if ugliness was a brick, you'd be the wall of china
We're back!
well thanks for putting my dirty cleats under my bed. Appreciate it.
You'll see toilets at tomorrow's Park(ing) Day. Why? 14 Indy Parks benefit from bathroom facilities, where before there were none.
tell kimmy blanco keep them tracks coming man!! Teamkim all day!
Sugar sculptures by Amber Eagle at the Menil bookstore--come investigate and check out our holiday goods and books.
u already know what time it is lol RT " MY FAVORITES"
#imaddicted to running!!!
it's possible. Does he fall asleep at 8:30 pm with his mouth open? Then yes
ohh ok cool
have you seen the app called SillySongs ? A speech therapy app focusing on phonology using songs
- He is tearing it up tonight. Still worried that leaving #Allen, #Pierce and #Garnett in New York is going to come back
Dr. Abdalati is my hero: a brilliant man who speaks with passion a/b doing with your life that which energizes you.
have you checked out ?
RT : Congrats Geoffrey Mutai! A New Course Record!
: Please put the 2 bottles of sorrel by the spice shelf in the refrigerator tonight.. The ones at Doug's house blew up :(
Thomas Fuller, M. D.: Zeal without knowledge is fire without light.
when I was little I had a crush on Danny phanton or whatever his name was from that show where like caught ghosts.LOL.
Is there time left for day dreaming?
had so much fun tonight! ugh reminds me of back in pennsylvania, dance yo face off, but is next to you! :)
Wrapping up notes on #HR_Tech. A good conference-balanced mix of vendors, HR pro's and visionaries. Overall #HRtech exceeded expectations.
Thankful Thursday Great ladies:
so inspired to play more Chopin after Pollini's amazing recital at Carnegie yesterday!!! Looking forward to his next recitals in NYC!
Shit happens. Then more shit happens. And then you die.
LA Business Journal won the Gold Medal for Best in Show Large Tabloid at AABP Awards over the weekend. Two years in a row!
So damn hard to get out my my warm cozy bed...especially when you went to sleep so late the night before
#Spam RT : hello, you disgusting. you are not a big freak such as
Sorry Havent Been On :/ but im a tumblr hoe now ;D jkjkjk!
looks pretty today :)
One more 'Like' Until we give away a new pair of jeans... will it be you??
I love you.
I agree
Which should be easy since I only text one on a daily basis.
Awesome Kyle! You're rockin' it! Looking forward to hanging with you all next week.
Just received my issue of Lonestar Perspectives, great piece on Utilizing Social Media to Retain, Grow Membership
i think this week is trying to kill me. teacher training + jet lag + too much studying + very little sleep = is it the weekend yet?
agreed, Johnny never met a dollar he didn't like but Jason, I'm serious. The Refused shows made me feel 17 again. They were godlike
I'ma start checking in there.
Just playing the "how old are you" game with some intoxicated 40 year olds.
American Brew Beer Tasting tonight, I think the head brewer Skip is coming!!!
Chicago making progress but more is needed
great meeting at paramount with - awesome guy and amazing performer!
i'm dancing with :)ILYShawty<3
- So I'm getting yelled at 4 not commin home last nite WOW!
- Derek Ball for Star wars
oh you fancy huh?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
Making chicken & cheddar Bacon cheese fries:)
yup and it was
Zillow syndication debate left out of real estate summit (via )
Dang ": I put in a tampon just to have it in as backup. That's how crazy shit is about to get."
She's standing up to kids who pick on/bully her & not taking their crap, hell yeah!!! Luv my little banana so much :)
The thing is gets juvenile by the day! Media scrambling around like "Mice" looking for cheese! The "Pied Piper"of Politics!
Hope ur getting lots of free food and wine!
Omg I cant stop eating them!!!!!! Askjglkdghalshda
RT : Don't forget to stop by 1500 N. Delaware St. on your way home! Eat, think, drink and talk!
Well lucky for you (or me? ha) I'm in the Seattle area, so we can totally grab a beer-slash-coffee-slash-beverage. :D
“: we can take my jet if you all bring the beer.”--done said he's in
so like; one day umma make terrence j from 106 & park my husband. yeah. it's official i'm marrying him. yup.
... most apps grew up with unpredictable performing IO, what would you do differently if you could depend on perf
son, like i've seen jr writer and a couple other rappers at the tournaments. they ain't shit! jtfo. lmao
Going for a bikeride w/ my husband to recharge. If you feel your energy lagging, move! Amazing how activity produces energy!
Is it too late to get a booth in the medical tent or else where? give me a shout back.
Brooks is here, born today at 6:37pm. 7 pounds, 20 inches. All is well.
so are you guys living together?
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
A parties only as fun as the people who attend
Undefeated ! Great start
I saw the girl at HOB. I think the guys pretend they don't know of the crazies @ M&Gs 2 not cause a scene. Just my opinion though!
I LOVE it! It allows me to consolidate personal social media with social business all in one convenient and easily organized tool!
See you on Opening Day, Cardinals. you win?
ok I got you whit cause you really want your finger shot lol I'll bring you a better one
New workshop announced: "Beyond Wildcards: Fundamentals of Regular Expressions," by
Tip for the social trainer: think "blended learning." Embrace digital and social media to enhance the classroom learning experience!
very true...
Um, first you have to tell me who you're not following. ;)
Oh the joys of getting up at 6 am
Wobble, wobble, wobble, wobble, TWERKKKKK! #SBCDAT !
rock on!
#kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More! at Southern Methodist University, Sat, May 19 9:00a: Love gaming,...
Imma call you when i get out the bathroom lol . RT : can i call u
found some bob marley board shorts i want!
I only share my password with secure platforms that offer personalized deals without the hassle of coupons. And my mom.
my dream chick
#RipTrayvon #hoodies & #Skittles all day today.. i hope #justice is served!
#20ThingsAboutMe 3.) I love someone that's so many miles away </3
Trivia at 8pm tonight at Joe's on Juniper!
Some people never get it. How about a different kind of story in WV. Come to Wheeling WV --art and culture are alive!
ur presence would be appreciated!
Thank You for being supportive of the bio Film Reading @ Aljira on Mon. 27th @ 7pm
it will be loud
Missed Calls: 15 |New Unread Text Messages: 23 |Hours Late To Both: 2 |Reason: Twitter!! \(>_<)/
I love my girlfriend because she just made a Fiddler on the Roof reference in a normal conversation lol.
Honey whiskey = Sweet Fire. :-)
I'm watching #FashionStar. I hope this impresses the uniontown hotties
When I sign a credit card charge slip, I think to myself "that signed piece of paper might be worth something some day."
I must have blocked all memories of fried chicken.
garagiste/Jon Rimmerman - "(los pilares) the most exciting wine I’ve tasted from the Golden State in many years" "Cornelissen meets Copain"
funny but that dude is on another level of crazy! Trina is just a bball ho now! Still can't believe lil Wayne had that ass
Like free music? The Piano Showcase featuring Stritch Piano Performance majors is at 7 p.m. tonight in the Nancy Kendall Theater. It's free!
RT : Once you know how powerful your brain is, you don't let little thingslike not knowing what the heck your doing, keep you...
Via Lohud, Chavez is 100 percent. Has to wait for MLB to evaluate concussion test and give green light. Hopes to be activated tomorrow.
#WhatMakesYouBeautiful?? Your personality! The way you carry yourself! That captivating smile. Those angelic eyes :)
bottle shop, of course.
34 pages ? a chapeter ? fudgecakes , babe . you are damn awesome .
hey! I saw that your a hip hop dancer?!(: I am myself (well a just a dancer, but hip hop is my fav) soo Hmu boiiii(:
Whats going to come after HD recording? Space recording maybe... what do you think?
We did indeed have some fun and funny times back in SF. RT gosh i miss our funny times!
Poetry slam competitions are so inspiring! I'm going to watch some to help me do my hw.
I am getting tired of these things tweeting for me..
April fools dun turned in2 wartime
41 game package. Got seats in section 308.
Big summer plans(:
Don't tempt her!
Grand event last night boys! Bravo!
Youre strange. I like that.
I might give it a try soon in testing - I was considering a vitess backend but this is much easier
I always feel more gay watching ANTM
GET ON TINY CHAT. Purty please, with a fish on top?
West Coast time will catchup with you. lol
never been there it's kool?
I wish you would understand how much you mean to me...
um yeah that would creep me out too
I do that too. It makes no sense. lol
#SAG-AFTRA? Will it help 85% of members who cannot make a living as members of own union get work, tired of seeing same 15% on award shows.
thanks to you guys, I got pranked called by a pirate.. At on am.. Oh boys
Thanks for the follow!
I hear a song on the radio very amazing... sorry I do not know her name. hahaha
Also have to publicly apologize to for sounding like a curmudgeon on his FB page. I can't keep my opinions to myself.
lol....damn it must be good for you guys to be willing to drive that far. I must now try real soon! lol
I just did so much heavy lifting. Done for the year.
Again: phone broke and I lost most of my contacts. Please reply or message me your numbers!
Nothing like the feeling of the Derby buzz on the backside at Churchill #thisismysh*t
: Gia, so excited to have your dad here on twitter.
ladies and gentlemen, the fake account we here at fakeAPD have been praying for: !!
Sometimes you have to remove yourself from the situation to better understand. Emotions can make the most irrational things seem rational.
What are you aiming to do with it? :-)
what?!?! omg you're so lucky! i'm just going to go early and wait for them. have fun though & take pictures with everyone!(:
Waiting for someone to finish brushing their teeth and get into bed... Oh the suspense!
May your life be long and useful like a roll of toilet paper
Sure is! She'll be 4 in July. :)
With listening to 97.5 picking #wisshoops to win tonight. Let's go!
Have a great weekend, everyone.
Doing some shopping with the kids? We've got Kids Meals from $3.99 & Lunch Specials starting at $5.99! Mahi Mahi is our Fresh Catch today.
I love my job! It's very rewarding when my clients tell me they feel #beautiful after a service, whether it's a #facial or a #wax!
lol im quite alive actually! just been busy. whats up?! =]
Getting the iPhone 4s
Dear ABC, y'all had better renew #GCB for a second season.
graduation practice by a nose
DDA as a single solution is a disincentive for publishers -w hat about the rest of the sales they would be making?
lol so what's up :)
Oh gosh, telling my friend how to use twitter. Yeah she isn't good with the web and stuff:) I love you boo!
That's a devil's advocate question, not my position necessarily.
lol it was just lots of like 10' and 12's and shit I don't think we had any walk ins past 1 all ressays
#slcwebinar Make information value higher as you share with others.
SUCH a good Night Strike. And happy birthday to my brother Eric! Big ol 24 :)
I hear you on that...and I'm behind you in the game (no travel plans yet)
no matter how many times I hear that Bo statement, I'm baffled by how he goes "from the trenches" to contracts...
wish I could have that much dedication in keeping in shape! Lol
it's still early! (sarcasm)
Game time... Lets go #CincyStandUp!
I'm almost caught up too! And I just started reading the books, wish I had known about them earlier.
Cheffing it up!!!!
hey u r my fav bad girl in history
that we are!! But we have to get a huge following help us tend on here
Give me a shoutout please!!!!!!!!;D
Please excuse Tommy for being absent yesterday. He had diarrhea and his boots leak.
the language is innate. Speaking isn't. We are all born with the ability, our world slowly diminishes it. Learning is 2nd!
Thirsty Thursday!!!!! Come see and myself at the door prep for SB!
Really tired today...not sure if it's the jet lag or the fact that I had to do something today, but I am wiped out!
thinking and learning about it due to its recent surge in popularity.
love the brunettes!!
They talk behind my b.tch back..they must have seen her a.s then
gotta like the Ms win tonight, good homestand. Hopefully the next roadie goes better than the last!
I wrote it all down, wrote it all down into a song. I'll break your heart in just three minutes now. Look who won.
He'll be good, but he will be elite in the Smoking stat.
I'm goin Fishin early in the mornin. I'm about ready for bed lol
Springsguide is coming along well,.. :-) www.springsnet.net
Let's not lock the door. let's just go out in public on the beach(:
110 6th graders are here to tour Mapping Our Tears exhibit, meet survivors Conrad & Henry, and do an activity w/ leaves of peace. busy day!
Scrub, scrub scrub cleans my data!
Anytime Melissa! We love you too! Thanks for being so awesome! :D
“: A relationship is between two people, not u & all ur friends.” <-- How many people forget this? Smh. Don't worry I'll wait...!
I would totally subscribe to that - I used to run a cruelty-free blog RT : vegan/animal welfare-promoting twitter feed
Day 5 of my 90 day health challenge! Feelin' good! Who wants to eat better, lose weight and get fit with me? EROCK
Find a fabulous fit on Saturday May 5: Shoes in women’s sizes 10.5-13 and men’s sizes 14-16 at 30-50% off regular prices.
last rt omg
In the eternal flickering of the silver screen subconscious memories of my tomorrow, I live in the present moment, today w/ joy & gratitude.
“A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” - Lao Tzu
Haha thanks! And Happy Tuesday to you too!
Mega Million Is over 600 million?.... These nuts.... I don't know what I would do.... (Yes I do...)
Should I use my invisibility to fight crime, or for evil?
#SuperMoon was a-ok. I'm still apartment hunting here in #SanDiego. My big question...who are the best political bloggers in #SanDiego?
well then Flynn must be beat qb in NFL, because no one else put up those numbers either. Get A clue!!
I was glad to see the news, too.
“: i need a protools 9 disc for a mac !”~~~i have protools9 hd but not on disc bro.
Even if it is an interim job, try to use or develop skills you can apply to your target job.
wow that's pretty sad to come from there to a real sport only to retire and go back, what a joke he is
We are proud of our 100% Pure, All Natural, Vegan products. 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed! beautysnatural.com
RT : The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything.
Before you open your mouth make sure you have a mind to back up all the things you say.
mangia special tonight is Lobster lollipos baby!
I ordered the 2011 ? Have you???
Whoa! You can walk and stuff again?
I take my wife everywhere...but she keeps finding her way back.
My momma always told me if I didn't have something nice to say then don't say anything at all! Guess I'm not talking for a few days!!!
Welcome back Nate! #SFGiants It all began with...
Penn State is the only college where you can major in a minor
#Leadership Lesson from the Bobby Petrino scandal.... "Your reputation is your greatest asset"
papo check our gear out DMEcollective.com
A new Advanced Electives course; Accent Reduction Seminar
I hate seeing people take two steps forward and 3 steps back BUT it happens
Do you follow or yet? If not what are you waiting for?! Lots of great show updates in Orlando.
I lived in Nashville for four years and 's Minneapolis concert was probably the most Nashville show I've ever seen. Fantastic.
Bout to go see Switchfoot acoustic live nd upclose!
While watchn Knicks game, step-son asks y won't wear a brim or get some type head-band as a solution. I spit out my water...
Check your email inbox for User Group registration details OR contact to sign up today!
Braving downtown Austin. Wish me luck!
If a singer gets hoarse after singing or it takes too long to recover from a performance,the Vocal technique that is using is not correct.
my bros birthday is today!
i had to get to a coffee this morning quicker than katniss everdeen had to get to a bow in the hunger games. its survival y'all!!
This planning team rocks and you know it! #shiftseries 2012 here we come!
Just discovered our 2-day-old baby is an immigrant. He doesn’t know any English AT ALL! I hope he’s not Al Qaeda. ...
Just got zapped while changing a light bulb. Getting used to the tingles!
Hi I followed you back. Wow you're from South Africa? Thats so cool. I've always wanted to visit there :)
Why are you (or aren't you) searching the #1940Census data? Reply with your story for inclusion in an upcoming #datapub post.
Show some
sitting on my porch enjoying live concert and cookout by my neighbor for entire community by George Oilman and Cold Rice Band.
Happy Birthday to Waterfi!! Come celebrate with us tomorrow with $15 of Shuffles, $20 off Swim Systems and a free gift when you but 2 ipods!
Ah! Good point.
I'm with you! She was great!!
ACS CEO just opened up #poweringthepossible lunch. One of the best things from this program is Dell volunteer support
BECAUSE THEY don't have sense enough to handle money.
im writing my freashmen paper on you and your life. I hope one day somone can dothat about me! #NSN!
Obama tied with Romney in latest CNN poll...considering how batted around and criticized the President has been that's good news for him.
“: Jerry Sandusky raped me. #ShockingNerlensAnnouncement” only becaused you got the idea from Garry
follow back? very excited for the video!
Back from NYC... Painted the town RED!
still sick
Couldnt agree w/you more thanks for stoppn by RT: cold brought it at #barbarella! Thx Eugene!
if i ever find out that and are dating i will walk to where ever they are cuss her out then kill her. MY MAN!
I feel like I am one of those "android users that are ruining Instagram" All I can say is sorry.
I'm storming your castle, milady.
Heard a few old geezers on Streetcar, yapping about Facebook Stock, mentioned a class action lawsuit? FB Employees where happy!
not me
aw, you're one of my favorites too :)
Planning a couple shows! I cant wait to party and play again.
food fest. I wanna I wanna.
Tonight! I will be rocking in Atlantic City. Hosted by -
UGG i Tried to get some sleep no way my mind wont shut down, I'm getting some mojo and getting a early start today. www.eeewebmarket.com
Thx for the RT & the conversation:)
I get my phone back for a day and my mum decides to take it again. Awesome. -_-
nothin at all bro. What's up witchu?
Goodnight, sleep tight.
Focus on the process, not on the result.
Naw. I like some men in beards.
I cant stop sneezing i think my whole family is sick
The french language has always been a hard one for me to learn. Just when you think you got it, it turns out to be the other way around.
when i try to hide 's boobies and fix her shirts :') >>>
Another reason why I love my hotel...they let and I use the driver to take us to the bank and nail salon
The weekend starts now. Strap on your dancin shoes, groin kick those blues and grab a drink. Let's write this book.
miss you more! Can't wait to see you!
Off to make funny voices...
Have a great flight Boney. Rake your rain boots..However, if you r playing at those 2 venues, it will be to hot to rain,
Dear Illustrator, I ALWAYS want you to scale strokes & effects. So, you can quit unchecking it in my preferences every time I quit. Thanks.
I don't know, but I'd totally watch that show to find out. He'd need to get Botox first though, obviously.
Who don't love rugrats....
Funny how things work out
You're so welcome! I'm glad you're enjoying the N40s so much! :)
RT “: Welcome! look who's tweeting!”
Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you.
“: I need one of those... Yes support black businesses”<<send your size & it's yours!
True! Leno held up 's front page 'Here's Drew' on Hastings' mayoral win, says he'll keep getting my Times-Gazette
At the Arclight watching Avatar in 3d. I'm such a boy
Sore! About to leave for church.
awww your the best you think so do you really.
because i am! when are you going to sleep?
Yaaaaaay!!! My life size poster of Tony Danza came in!!!!!!
I imagine Australia as being the total bro-nation
Accessibility testing is not icing, it's not something we do at the end of a production process, says
Im really bad with grocery stores.
I'm loving that song "So Many Girls", play it again
I look forward to stealing TAGFEE (Transparent and Authentic, Generous, Fun, Empathetic, and Exceptional) at future startups.
Ready for basketball? Who do you think will go further Bucky or ? Watch with us today!
LOVE it!
One step closer to a vs. series...
Justin Moore will be coming to the Indiana County Fair on September 1, 2010! Be There!
PickUpLine: Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
I actually have this movie on HDDvd. I'll never forgive WB for jumping ship and dooming the format.
Pissed off at myself ..
I wish I could play the bass that is coming from the cellar right now! If you love dubstep, there is no where else you should b right NOW!!!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!//
Fergie doing "Gimme Shelter" with a guy named Mick, and a little backup band called U2 = not bad
HAHAHA. I went to bed at midnight but I definitely had a proper jam sesh to GA songs before... :D
Miss you too hun!
I'd like to get a copy of Clock of Destiny I & II, anyone in the know have these??? I need to re review some things. Inbox me please. Peace.
Are you still looking for roommates for #alamw12 ? I haven't made a hotel reservation yet and would be interested in sharing.
Ministerial visit to #UN Security Council today re: #Syria. Everything must be done to bring an end to the spiral of violence
Whew! That is good to know :)
it's all good man. How you doing?
OMFG...seriously. <rage rage rage>
Student essay trap: To give a word count or a page count minimum, that is the question. With words, I've seen students count every word...
"For every week you do not go on a date, I will buy you froyo" - I love yummy reward systems; aka bribery
furthermore, many of us are media savvy enough to recognize a shoddy, inflammatory trolling-for-traffic piece...
Filming Pioneer Commercial!!!
I got what my shit so big over sea
Beach Party last night... they had steel drums and dancers for entertainment. It was FANTASTIC!!!
haha i was prob talking to my sis in an accent like i said its a terrible habbit of mine! haha :p id been like "ello mate"
When girls fight over guys <<<<<<<
oh come on, I'm not making this shit up. Ask a girl 25+ about it
have fun :)
RT The Mile High Horror MUSIC SHOWCASE will be held September 27-29. Look for details soon!
Good afternoon from London! It's only me, my sketchbook and Beethoven. Bliss
Hey! Ppl follow me plez I need more ppl plezzzzzzzzz!
I haven't even packed my bags for this weekend dude, I'm slacking gonna pack now
He talk about a situation of Japan Contemporary Art. You can have an opportunity to buy his new book that will be sold in April.
lol. That's what she said she wanted when she was visiting.
Possibly will be living out on the streets soon. Anybody have any side jobs or jobs in general that they know of?
ok, I had to check and make sure this was actually you. I laughed so hard I almost sharted myself! Ha!
I love being ME :-)
so tried yawn yawn ...
Raked two pots and lready up 400bb!
I feel so close to you right now...it's a force field.
Your depressing tweets need to stop.
I've just put up a review of Screenwriting for Dummies. I love the #Dummies books and this one is no exception.
Heading that way..
Subway for lunch? YES.
Van Morrison's Hugo Ledbetter = Pearl Jam's Yellow Ledbetter? Who are these Ledbetters and how do they find their way into songs?
I couldn't go a day without Jesus. That would be Hell on earth.
the school sent me home after 1st period, they told my dad there gonna kick me out....
I used to live kinda close to San Fran but right now I live in San Diego. I love it here but I've always wanted to go to New York!
#percolator on at neighborhood bar. Where's ???
Nice! Get in touch. :-)
The regenerative system on it will be very sound.
thanks for all you're doing for our community. A real mensch, you are!
That happiness was short.
Miller: Linked data is technical; openness is policy. Linked data and linked open data not same, share architecture
IMF offering new lines of liquidity to break 'chains of contagion' ....
Jang H. Kim's status: Do you see it? It's called opportunity. You probably didn't recognize it because it looked like work.
Everyone check out please. They support Net Neutrality, oppose ACTA, want govt. transparency and personal privacy.
We cheese-heads are getting tired of winning all the time - losers.
I love coming to the bar and wearing my wristbands to wipe the sweat off my forehead from dancing. I also have my lines hidden underneath.
omg so good and yes I'll bring them to psych tomorrow!!
maybe try one of those human-sized wheels that are similar to ones for guinea pigs?
you bet. Keep it going.
hell yeah
Stupid movies now showing, except for Hunger Games and Titanic. :(( =))
Aw, man! Okay. Either you have to wait for me or I get to watch it early. I can't watch 'til 10pm CST on Sunday.
Hm. Non-functioning email address for vendor in RFP response? Not a good first impression.
Looking for a Graphic/ Environmental Architectural Designer with Experience Enhanced Environments, the ideal designer will marry visual com…
He that is not open to conviction, is not qualified for discussion.
you two are gorgeous!!!
praise Christ! Happy to help our
I believe your original tweet and this conversation lowers your score. Now get back to 4sq cross-posting to Twitter! lolomgwtf
The only team that matches up really well against Boston when it is firing on all cylinders is a healthy Chicago and they're done!
Asa takes lead amidst total pack implosion, 4-0 jam for Maulers this time Score Rotties - 13, Maulers - 4
Josh Hutcherson > you
JUNE 21, 2013. LOOK FOR ME AT YOUR CONCERT! Section 115! ;D
I hope not, but that's the talk...
I hate when someone's upset and you can't make them feel better. I feel like I've failed as a friend.
Haa what are u doing on here?!
Morning all! Tomorrow is my 5 year wedding anniversary with my hubby!!!!!!! So blessed!
Best guess..Steak and Ale?
Anytime! Lot of young guns there too but SuJu is large and massive (originally 13 members!). Still have 10 regularly perfing.
I just realized I missed my 100th tweet!!!! :(
Sorry! Looks like pp download is restricted to repository staff :(
Almost time to go! haha Logging off BYE TWITTER! :D
Blowing on loud watching a movie.
Happy to share!
Thanks for the follow! Let us know if you'd like comp tickets to Home&Design Magazine's Luxury expo show this coming weekend!
Picking Romney is to pick former bank robber to run the bank because he knows how the bank system works the best.
hm have you tried that?
My resolution was going to be to quit being so sarcastic,and rude,etc. BUT then I thought, nobody likes a quitter!
I hate inconsiderate people
follow me and i haved followed everyone back thanks everyone:)
You might also try contacting Andrew Hankinson @ McGill U. He's working on tools to digitize music, but may have info.
"Can I copy your homework?" "Yeah, but the answers are probably all wro-" "I don't care, Thanks!"
We would love to feed let us know next time you are hungry.
The creative adult is the child who survived
Alabama, making Tennessee look progressive since 1819.
Many thanks to everyone that showed up for our signing this weekend at ! It was great meeting all of you.
Amazing day yesterday! The dancers shined like the stars they are!!! Congrats on all the awards you received. I love you all
Trying to get home for #Heat - #Knicks but the CTA is not cooperating.
you too
&quot;Mad Men&quot;: Jaguar Comes to America, and Don Wears A Loud Jacket
Why u say that?
WHAT??? How about tonight?
What a beautiful morning (:
If you hear "We burn...", "Power overwhelming!" or perhaps even "My life for Aiur!" Then I recommend upping your dosage.
I'm amazed at the number of posts you've retweeted already saying it's not good enough.
"The choice-based classroom in the personalized classroom" #pearsoncite Indeed! Great presentation, Jeff Borden.
you also woke me up!
I've always thought it worked best as an allegory for the end of the '60s.
Hot Chelle Rae follow a lot of Swifties. I'm proud to be one of them :')
Central stations going to be stooopid to
More potential Pac12 Tourney sites: a gym in Arizona (maybe you'll get Baseball Spring Training fans & Seniors to come)
Gotta get her she be fucking for money
Ranch Cheeseburgers<3
I finished The Hunger Games in 7 hrs. I'm used to the Game of Thrones series, so when the POV didn't change, I forgot to stop reading!
There's no free baseball. Fans who attend a game that goes into extra innings will be charged a $1.00/inning overage fee.
Hey, thanks for the RT!
hooootaluuuuu! Mrs. Doubtfire is screening as I tweet!
I absolutely agree. I hope he is still in race when California gets to vote in June.
Ironic, right? How about #openaccess to #opensource advocacy for #openscience?
I moved right before basketball season so that is when I am eligible to play. I still am going to try and find a way though ha
So far gone
How do you spell Spring Break? T. H. E. I. S. I. S.
try not to choke the hell out of your cat like you did to
I like
oh yeah ! Just wanted to make sure I still had an office buddy.
We are in 8th grade & it's time to mature. If you still like a guy for his looks, good luck finding a good bf.
starts in just over 12 hours. Time to enter a porous state of mind.
yeah they do smut it up a bit...guess I'll have to find it online somewhere...or I could always just read it ha ha
“It takes a good crisis to get us going. When we feel fear and we fear loss we are capable of quite extraordinary things.” — Paul Gilding
Find your passion...follow it.
After this final, I'm getting a sno cone and it wouldn't surprise me if I took a nap in the bahama bucks parking lot. It's come to this.
Be helpful. When you see a person without a smile, give them yours. -Zig Ziglar
Capital isn't that important in business. Experience isn't. You can get both of these things. What is important is ideas-Harvey Firestone
You're missing the fact is that it actually isn't an important text for many. So they feel no need to interpret.
We all know men love to be bronze as well! Don't let your man bake in the sun, bring him in for airbrush today. $35/session or $100 for 4.
Damascus measure 3-389 passes. Mayor says people wanted to make sure they are listened to.
Look forward to the end of Dec. glad I have patience traits. Don't rush into things.
Update on Monster Island show today - if it rains, the show will be cancelled. Sorry. www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Quite a treat to have shooting our kids' showcase yesterday evening. Keep your eyes peeled for #ZipZap in the Post May 10th
Grew up a screw up got introduced to the game and Fucken blew up
If you're staying at an RV Park in Albuquerque and you need your satellite dish pointed, call 350-6428.
": My dear old friendFarewell: Dory Previn, Songwriter, Is Dead at 86. My thoughts are with you today.
If You Know You Stank. I Suggest You Wash Or Deordortize Your Before Somebody Know. Rumors Gonna Be Flying By Bout You. But Hey Advice works
I'm still more impressed when you got run over on the sideline on MNF!
COLD PIZZA
"Intelligence is the door to freedom and alert attention is the mother of intelligence" - Jon Kabat-Zinn
thanks so much! Glad to hear you like the tunes. :)
terrible cause you and I haven't talked ):
A great soul will be strong to live as well as think
it's all good now. I'm back baby!
Been hiding out. I was in so bad of a situation and I didn't know how to cope with it and so I hide :/
Middle finger to my #Ex cause you in the past
What are your hours?
no. Not at all. Brantley is way better. I win. You lose.
Oh look, I already own and love the two UX Primer books you mention… :)
thank you!
A jealous woman does more research than the FBI xD
She Asked: So wat u look for in a girl I Replied: For Her to have all Her Fuckin Teeth LMMFAO!!
#NP Tomas Heredia - Moonlight (Radio Edit)
Just got another no. 1 in #Google for " #Microsoft #Exchange 2010 migration services".
RT : I'm back at from noon-7p 2day. If you come say our # word you start 2-For-1. Today's word is
Sure! She was so spot on and playful in her wording :)
So far Lima has 2 great things going for it: warm nights and warm showers. Exploring the city tomorrow to find out what else it has!
Game of thrones= baby killing motherfuckers. Awesome first episode!
- Good one. I was with the team at #SXSW -- Otto and crew were really cool.
Behind every successful man stands a surprised mother-in-law
If I had it my way, I'd b inside all day watchin the SEC sb tourney <U+26BE>
Championship hockey game tonight... Time to Cowboy Up!
A Whole Foods type place :) So it can't be all that bad.
Go vote for us online! Theres a link on our FB page to help us get a spot on this years !! Please and thank you!
is gonna kill it at states!
Amazing day @ Lakshmi salon its wonderful to have a boss who appreciates my talents and what I consistantly bring to the table.
Disinterested interns vs. interested interns had VERY different error rates. Important to find people who actually care abt topic.
Haha love the picture
Offered to help a co. in my industry w/their social media presence. They brushed me off...but added FB links to their page within hours. Ha!
I have 7 days to raise $ to make a movie that will let 18m abused men know they're not alone. Can you help spread the word?
I hate being on the West Coast for the pure fact you feel totally disconnected from the world.
Ready to burn down some trees. Got a whole onion to blow
LOLOL so someone commented on Austins Instagram.. heres what they said: Your face, I like that shit." LOLOLOL. I love everything about him(:
Doing all the cleaning yourself can be exhausting.
- please do not bring back back to the #xfactor. She has no clue!
SOUNDS PERFECT
“: Marquis Teague came ready to ball tonight.” yes he did.
Unfortunately I do not believe that it made it, but I am not certain. I will do a little research and get back to you.
Really sad.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Marble mocha machiatto .... delicious.
Comes to show who's judgmental or not when me, Ianna & Kat chill in between the vending machines and people give us dirty looks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
u ever drank a mini corona?
nice! He's already kicking some monster ass!
Lmfao I had to remove it glad u got to see it
Shout out too my new follower ^_^ !!
one of my sisters on top of her dance pyramid and the others on the bottom
Don't fuck with to many
#Countdown, less than 3.000 followers till Miss reach the #16MillionBritneyArmy RT
I just went out and danced in the rain....but all i could do was the slide!
Restarting the whole song over just because you missed your favorite part.
it does not matter who knows most about them or who saw them the most its about who loves them and be there for them.
Even tho I still go to planet fitness.. I still wanna hit the gym. Haven't been Ina while
First up...Dancing with the Stars Youth Party, and Immediately following, a Sweet 16 Party for a Princess! Busy Day!
Phoenix- 179 miles.
Good Morning loves. Question: how can u be frustrated/stressed/mad abt sumthing u agreed to do as if u didnt hav the choice to say no.
I know tell me about it!
It's hard to be a better person when someone won't forget your past.
j comprends pas - issue one apology, all followers can see it, n'est ce pas?
He should, cos they are amazing!
you'll miss me when i'm gone . hmp
thanks! We hope to see you soon!
we can work a sample out to see if we work together. Then work something out?
I want a unicorn for Christmas!!
Blue Album or Pinkerton?
you guys wish
Thanks for retweeting my silliness, Jerry!
I'm so glad it's socially acceptable to drink wine alone. Wait, it is, right?
#NHL game of the week is tonite: #Blackhawks #Predators. Avg tix at the UC for hawks: $75. Just about the NHL avg price ($76)
yea eventually...lol
Heidi is a liar, she outted Jillian Micheals on this show. Gays will out other gays
Thx! Def. come Spring--I live on UWS >expecting baby #3 in 4 wks...will be looking for a quick getaway ;)
I love
why the fuck is it 28 degrees right noww
Um 60 degrees in Jan?!? Where did winter go? This sucks for skiing!!
Still trying to figure out how Russell Martin is an all-star
I see the new #brewers #beastmode is a salute. Has Terrell Davis been in the clubhouse?
the Nike outlet!
uh, we carry birds on our shoulders and stuff. Get like us. #birdgang mutha truckas.
gonna chef up those ramps tonight?? I'ma need some energy after todays hike and dig session!!
things are great, brent.. know anybody making the trip north tomorrow?
If it's any consolation, after finishing my BA, I had a hard time getting out of bed, except for job interviews or the gym.
Hired mobile application developers to address new projects in Q1. Vincent iT won new projects on consulting from Govt.
Well if you need to talk again im here
All experience is an arch wherethrough gleams that untravelled world whose margin fades for ever and for ever when I move. Alfred L Tennyson
#2 Hello 30 Times On The Count Down So Far ! :) We Needa Get Them #1 Thou
Finally finished exporting all my images for the iPad app. There so big, I can't wait to see them.
I didn't have to teach Thursday, Friday or Saturday. There are multiple services everyday.
Interesting question! If It's cold, I love to eat beef and vegetable stew. If not, I love to eat chips and salsa! Yum!
There is a faint smell of bleach in the air on the East Side. We are here for you!
@ KENS-TV to play on Great Day SA, preview of show we'll do Saturday @ Fiesta Especial @ Rackspace campus
I hear the atl falcon sqwakn bs about you.
im in the p town!! Going to school
Miss ya too cant wait to c u in NY!
Anda el diablo now theres a cat in my house !
“Wow, it must have been really loud!“ Yes, it would have been really big.” “Ah, so that’s why God called it the Big Bang.”
Monta Ellis with the last 16 for Milwaukee to close out with a W. Bucks now 1 game back of NY and 3 back from Philly
just had 2 plates of fettucini, a butterfinger, nerds, an oatmeal cream pie and an m&m icecream sandwich
Nigga say I'm pussy, I dare you to stick ya dick in this<U+E00D><U+E420><U+E012><U+E41E><U+E402>
"Simply Irresistible! She's so fine, there's no telling where the money." Robert Palmer
speaking of drinks, if you fools are up to it, planning for bday celebration @ ogara's friday for pat mccurdy!
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
I'm afraid to click the link....
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
RT : Have an iPhone? Just search "happy hours" in the app store. It's a free app by GoTime. Seriously fantastic!
Shower Time<f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
also enjoyed the big picture of the exploding Tardis in the background. When's your next gig?
I've gotten addicted to Instagram. I feel like I'm cheating on Twitter.
Manning to the Broncos. Tebow to the Jets. How do all my football friends feel about this?
no I belong to 24 hr
Searching 4 A Place Where U Can Share In Your Love Of #Israel??? U Found It, #IsraelForever!! Join Us!!
Going to rev up second wave of energy for the night with a workout.
is co-chairing with martin garnar the intellectual freedom committee and committee on legislation joint meeting
Hahah r truth is so funny
I thinkl we just found our new favorite hangout.
Awww. Warm fuzzy feelings!
bell about to ring... im out!!
Thanks for RTs. Hope you're having a great Memorial Day.
When was POTUS AGAINST marriage equality, ? It is your side that is AGAINST it- and actively.
One day will follow me but that day is when pigs can fly! :( Never gonna get followed by Austin Mahone :( :( D:
#Google Asia Bryant beautiful girl and beatutiful voice to match <3
It is the last day of regular classes Hurray!!!!!
Katherine Hayles speaking of her recent work in a talk at Indiana U this afternoon. Describing changes brought by DH.
So Glad you got there safely!!!
Suicide watch, nigga. Kill yourself.
very cool!
shattered! Tea, toast and bed for a nap
mind reading for sure!!!
And handsome as all Hell, too! lol
do you mean april 11?
Baseball is just track practice now..... :p
It's so delicious it distracts the pilots!
RT : How to Handle Diversity in College and the Workplace Successfully: Whether it’s handling diversity in the workpl......
Keep the dream alive.. Hit the snooze button.
45% of the new novels published each year were ghostwritten or “edited substantially” by a ghostwriter/editor
Can I restate my love for Peggy?
will train 50+ TV mets on climate change/global warming science w/ expert faculty at AMS annual meteorology meeting in Portland 6/21.
Have come to the conclusion that what I saw last night was the operatic equivalent to Tommy Wiseau's The Room.
A big thanks to everyone who's given us feedback on the new website - we're working on your suggestions!
stop earthquake!!! please don't take innocent people away
Stop in to Halsted's Bar and Grill tonight (3441 N Halsted) and grab some food and drink, and register for your free FiT tags!
Trying to enjoy life more and worry less.
Once you have learned to love, You will have learned to live. -Unknown
I know. The word 'tincture.' I know.
Plus we've NEVER had roaches... So wtf is she talmbout. Damn near just pissed me off bro.
Q1. I take a Health Supplement.
it's cool. Keep it until you finish. You must!
The trouble with new shoes is that you are suddenly aware of your feet.
Havnt seen in so long im having withdrawels!!!
Yay!! What did you try?
It's funny how the people you think will never walk away.. are the first ones.
If I got 3 happy trees, I'll keep 1 and 2 for you
so man up and come clean
“: are you home?” Just got home Gonna work on the house for a few.
doing good. Not on here as much. Work blocked twitter :(
Stay safe!
To review a side-by-side chart of the new health care law and the anticipated changes to it contained in the budget reconciliation bill,...
Jurassic Skate Park! But really, I don't know what you're talking about...just think it'd be funny seeing dinosaurs skate.
Gah. RIP Steve Jobs. Made the world a better place.
I lost my contacts so text or DM your number. Thanks
All the best for a great race & a rock star performance to the 1 & only ! Kill it at Ironman Melbourne!
let's eat some breakfast!
Studio March Break ! YE
this SNL is monumentally bad. Not sure how. But wow it's bad.
If you want to help me just retwitter one of my message !!!! Like !!!!!
what can you do for a friend who just had 3 seizures? is Panda Express appropriate?
I'm feeling Console as well. Thank you for checking out the site and sharing! Stay in touch and keep sharing good music.
#Marlins unis from Sunday, looked okay -- black cap, orange jersey. Monday's orange cap and black jerseys ... not so much.
I love how people are still hating over Justin. Like grow up, get over yourself. U obviously don't know an amazing person when u see them.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you look in the car next to you and they look back
happy birffffday c:
“: “: hahah yes that was our jam! Ain't no shame in Miley:)” I was cracking up thinking of that! Miss you!”u2
Hand whipped my own mayo for the potato salad. 1st time ever. Used farm fresh eggs too. So good. W/ Ital Sausage rolls and a Sonoma Rose
Have a great show tomorrow. We will all get past this and never have #weWere1PitchAway memories.
I wish I could do nothing but watch the west wing tomorrow....but alas i have to work
Finished up the afternoon by meeting with a faculty member about a potential project. This might have legs!
He's done that before. A blessing actually. MT Hawk Harrelson does not say a word for 63 seconds following walk-off homer
Job Hunt...Its going to be an interesting ride!
In 1970s, fire dept responded to Exxon's lithium battery lab so often they threatened to make Exxon pay for extinguishing chemicals
Leaving on a jet plane...
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange or do for it. Establish your priorities, map out your steps and get to work
yeah make one out to Pmoney also!
Perez booed off the field after giving up 3 runs letting the Jays tie 4-4 in the 9th.
At a wedding so #fun !
ME: life indeed sometimes could simply be 1 and 0! RT : Digital is...how we coexist with and experience the world!
Seniors, thinking of taking out a Bridge Loan? Apply for one now and you could qualify for a 50 basis point reduction!
Denying your dreams and desires is the hardest path anyone could walk. Yet so many of us do it
Good Morning!
#InstantTurnOn Is this trending topic about the Clapper?
Where Tf Is My Mac Miller Shirt !?!? -________-
I love that they understand we are uncomfy or nervous, mine take good care of me an I don't stress going there every 6 months.
Happy New Year everyone!! Catch Mama on You & Me This Morning on WCIU tomorrow morning during the 7:00a hour!!
Told you you never woulda guessed me. (:
Do work !! Fighting today in VA! Definitely one of my favorite fighters to watch
"RT : My first cha cha practice airs this morning! Hope you'll find it funny & entertaining." I know your dance teacher!
Congratulations to for earning the ' Kinsman Award for student-athlete academic achievement!
I was ahead of my time because I was snorting flintstones vitamins back in the day.
Just take a xanax, you'll forget it ever happened.
Funny! My couch has never felt better
no you wouldn't understand cause you're just some rich kid that gets everything handed to you.
Who I am Hates Who I've Been, please understand! This isn't just good bye, this I can't stand you!
If you do, give us a call. RT : I hope I don't get in a very bad car accident today.
last night was fun c;
Very Cool! “: yesterday we discussed the potential use of OHMS with the StoryCorps collection at #SCArchive”
LOLL Hell Yeah!!!
#Obama2012 if u don't like that u can unfollow me now!! Election season has began and Mitt Romney as POTUS is unacceptable.
I am so ready for The Celebrity Apprentice tonight.
": I wanted to tell you that proposed to me.." I bet he didn't even have to get on his knees
I Find It Funny When People Lie Abt Going To Concerts And Such .
#formysweet16 I GOT MY FIRST HICKY..TRY CALIMING U NOT HAVING SEX WITH A HICKY IN YOUR CLEAVAGE
To hear an old lady say "shit" is hillarious ...smh bad grandma
Show time!
Bryant's heating and cooling systems allows you to precisely control temperature, humidity, air quality & ventilation www.dynamichvac.us
Chicken slacks!
Thanks chica. I hope your Monday is going well. I received your email; thanks for the ideas. I will run them by some people. : )
Good thing for me I'm allergic to purses.
New Music Monday
Just made a Twitter! hahha Orlando for The in 4 days :D
i'd actually rather tweet rather than post my status x) me likey this beta than that
is now charging $2 cover, but it's not too crowded.
I won hula hooping contest
Just dropped and broke my eyeshadow in the sink. Instant rage.
Watching Lars and the Real Girl. Forgot about how awkward this movie is.
darn right i am!
hows everyone doing on this rainy saturday?
Your child is pose 2leave u dat means u did a #goodjob and prepared em for the #world lol u would never think it but das from #american dad
Rainy Sunday morning #relaxing I love the weekend
Channel 4 Racing live from Newmarket and Salibury - TV Newsroom
“Wag more. Bark less.” ~ A Good Dog
Dancing On My Own by Robyn to answer your question
Injecting #SCRUM into a development shop that's set in it's ways will only lead to disaster!
“: No one else is in charge of our happiness. We are.”
what? Oh hell no. No naked anyone.
Ok Tweeps, does anyone know where to get a birthday cake made that has a photo on it? Freyboy2 wants one with a map of Middle Earth.
RT If you didn't get noticed in 's chat but you understand<U+E022>
It's an morning: door knocker earrings, cotton candy, lace and gold
about 8 Escondido police cruisers just bolted from missing girl's apt. complex - something must have happened. Live update at 7am on KUSI
Massage is a great way to reduce stress of the holidays. Call Nelson at 305-335-3855 to schedule an appointment.
“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.” Happy Bday dear Dr. Seuss
Putting my plan in motion
Happy 176th birthday Texas!!
: great chat. Let yur fans u & text to pay for yur awesome grill cheese sandos can help with that
what tattoo did u get
FEVERS SUCK. Since I'm in bed all day I'm finta play pokemon aha.
well here in la its been #raining for a week all day and night
Oops yea u said it thats hilarious to me considering ur the biggest liar anyone in this town know u know u have a reputation of being one
In #Canada, if your baby’s premature, he stays in the hospital as long as he needs to, and then you go home.-
the yankees are not the same without you. I know Dan Berrios and would love to see you do a gig out in suffolk.
#SPJ10 prez installation banquet very inspiring. Congrats & thanks to award winners for all your amazing work. Welcome new prez !
I get to jump into 's PLAYING PARKER this weekend. So excited!
control ya liquor
Consensus of passengers on #redline train to Glenmont, "You gotta love single tracking," they say with a groan.
Harriet Fulbright College met yesterday with a South Korean delegation of educators.
EVERYWHERE AND NO WHERE AT THE SAME TIME... LOL HOW ARE YOU CHICA?
Appreciate it, Ryan. And congrats on the little guy. Love the name!
#mahomies go and follow now!:D
well, that's five in a row. i concede. see you in september.
This new hip hop sucks. Can I get a retweet if its true
yeah, I don't want to get dramatic about it...but I'm totally about to throw myself into a freakin laser beam
Man coolidge need 2 change the drees code it be 150 degrees nd we got fuckin jeans like wat type off shit is
no idea, i didnt listen this morning .. what makes ya say that?
One of my favorite late night shows has to be
So I know most of my friends have never had a dinner reservation in their life. But id like to thank the people @ Kyoto for waiting an hour!
Cats aren't pets. They're assholes.
Shout Out My GIRL>>>
im listening to a bumch a TYGA and ive been hearing some songs and they werr so
Good morning guys n dolls, have a beautiful and nice day xoxo
my jaw literally dropped when I seen how cute you look in that!!! <33333
What will tweet next? #GoTeriGo! :)
I believe no matter what.. that's what fans do right ? <U+2665>
yes and no.. i dont wanna put his biz on twitter
My new iphone cannot get here quick enough! I feel like my life has been put on pause since mine was stolen. Ugh.
thank you for following!
Off to school :l ...Hope the weekend comes FAST! (:
I just love the #irony in this: our Sunday performance was the #showchoir singing in the
This. “: Lets go Caps”
Way to go! Forced game 5!!!
and young chop beats are the shit na huh? what music are yawll listening to? sound like the same ol shit to me....
Teresa is playing the same song over an over again. Omg.
Currently listening to: "Knife" Sotelo - Maravilla Gangs ft. L. Bullet, Loony, Buzz, & Negro
If you could go back in time what would you change?
Never trust a nigga that wears fila... or k swiss!
Why is it wrong to go up to a random woman & tell her "I love your tits."? It's a compliment.
#girlwhyyou even trying everyone know your fake
That's even short enough to be a hashtag, though I like #forscienc better. "Look at me still talking when there's scienc to do"?
And this is why you're my friend.
that is correct.
i am convinced localizing food sourcex could save our economy... and our souls??
Agreed- #HCG gorge can stink, eating junk food all days makes u really think about the ppl who do that everyday. Ugh!
just today I was singing along w/ Dixie Chicks greatest hits purchased at Target; I already own all the albums.
why don'tcha?
If lib'ship is based on curating (selection, pres, deselection, etc.), but inclusion is the order of the day, what to do now?
Thanks for sharing! :)
OK, done with Babby quotes tonight, will have more tomorrow night!
He be smelling like straight up bud , now he trynna sale it -__- ugly ass
I know what you mean, Berthine! It definitely takes some getting used to. and I dont wear unless i have time for full face!
lean startup book is my new favorite hand out to clients - need to buy in bulk
Sex.Love.Control.Vanity.
ur birthday was fabulous :)
#PeopleLikeUs gets knocked down but always rise again
yes. they always have a surplus at extended ST.
RT - The NFL has four teams that use alliteration: Tennessee Titans, Seattle Seahawks, Buffalo Bills, and the Jacksonville...
. Hell Day Two: automated phone system requires an SSN or policy member. Won't accept my SSN and I'm only calling to get the policy #!
I need to do some serious de-cluttering and spring cleaning. Every few months I need to change up my workspace to jumpstart productivity!
Now I know what it means when people say Felipe is disinterested defensively.
"The first and great commandment is: Don't let them scare you." Redesign Thursday! Bring it! Voodoo
long shot into second!
Puppies are born without teeth. Puppies develop a full se of primary teeth by 3 weeks of age (28 in total)
"Don't ask God to guide your footsteps.. if you're not willing to move your feet"
thanks for the suggestion! will try to add it to our LibGuide
usually when I hear people say "fuck bitches get money" I automatically assume that they have none of the two.
I'm starting a bank called Dominic's Bank. If y'all want to open an account swing by my apt at like 9. Also I'm hiring tellers. Tell friends
your rapping skill is mediocre at best. You have alotta work to do. And I wouldn't do music videos without the proper equipment
Please RT: Is doing some amazing work for kids with Autism. Thanks guys!
It's because they play with Pouh all day!!
May contest still going on. All purchases are entered to win a free copy of MLB The Show '12. RT
Just beat at her own game: Relating Friends references to everyday life...she blew it.
Thank you! and "Thats what she said!" haha sorry!
Anyone else think the animated chipotle ad playing in movie theaters is a bit creepy? If I were a pig, I wouldn't wanna enter one of those..
i give up. i have nothing left. i tried, i failed. i'm done.
It'll be a miracle when I sleep through the #night. And what's up with these #baddreams? Kinda #freaking me out. Wonder what they mean?
John Brady reminds me of the coach on Fresh Prince.
she addicted to bags, im addicted to shoess.
So happy there's only one week of school left
<U+266A>Porno And Snuff Films - Squawk Among Us
ADVICE: - If you were thinking about someone while reading this, you're definitely in Love.
No need to write tonight... the boys on Madison Ave are gonna do the heavy lifting. me and get to indulge in
Dr. Patty Olson challenging vet med paradigms at #SNIPSummit - need to evolve and continue to challenge each other.
Monica's mentions would be dead RT : If we had Twitter during the Bill Clinton fiasco... maynnnnn!
one of mine did that too, around the same time
thx for the shout! we need all the help we can get :)
Impressed with the Zite app...need to be an iPhone user, but it's still pretty good
better make sum happen, cuz closed mouths don't get fed.
that's beautiful!!
All day cut the check RT Poor planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on mine.
I tried killing my mouse on my computer with d-con but it's still alive!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 34
Been busy learning and writing...writing and learning. :) Tweeting here and there. How are you?
Voldemort's voice in people's heads is pretty creepy
yes I understand what u mean I had to take a break for a few hours from his masterpiece
Playing Eli Manning instead of Michael Vick looks a mistake
Some gentlemen should be more gentle and less men when tears can't be hold inside! YaY
LOL WE CAN WORK TOGETHER.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. —Eleanor Roosevelt
RT Suspicion all our lives shall be stuck full of eyes
won't lose me....you are right!
If you want to see last nights concert I did. Go to youtube. My screename is manumaman100. Tell me wut u think.
making moves! go christine! RT 'signed a pretty big strategic ptnrshp in China. awesome work ' cc/
Relationships R about adapting Whether or not ure willing to adapt to a persons needs Most of all its about finding some1 thatcan adapt to u
You will follow my pal if you know what's good for ya!
Congrats & , the Wed & Thurs winners of the #wtfweek contest! Pls DM us your address so we can send a boxset your way!
in fact, people should be thanking us
I think this is a story to gloss over what he did. But he may have had dealings w/the mom - and the messy situation started this.
#HBDBK. Isaiah 4:13: I can do all things through Christ who strengthen me! Be strong lil lady!
HAHAHAHA UR AWAKE! HAPPY BIRTHDAY EVEN THO I ALREADY TOLD U :D
Love it! In a few weeks, theres is a wiener dog race in Lexington. To funny!
Actually, this past Sun. was last Sun. we will be open for brunch. We've never been open for lunch but is!
I don't post much but whst I do post is better than your life.
Seriously? You sneak in a pint of the new Berger flavor? This Dippin Dots "ice cream of the future" theyre selling here is crap
o my. this #foreverlazy adult onesie thing is absurd. i just looked up the video & it does have pp/poopie zippers in the front and the back.
Im doing some shit about africa. I honistly just dont give a fuck
Big thanks to Bill Wennington, The Luvabulls, and everyone who came out!
Good morning from West Chester. If anyone wants breakfast, my dad is really pushing it. Heading to #NGS2012 in a bit.
How to reignite the global economy? Think Smarter Commerce, by IBM. We work hard enough. Now, we have to work more intelligently.
RT Evangelist that God has called to Preach the Pure word of the bible. Author of Book * Are you calling God a liar?
Hiring vs. total spend, just directed at privatization efforts now?
I'm starting to build a pretty serious collection of authentic WWII memorabilia.
Hi Zy! Come eat lunch with me! :D
Just because no one knows what your costume is dosn't mean you failed at Halloween, it just means your a massive fucking nerd..in a good way
Need. Grilled. Cheese.
It's not true I had nothing on, I had the radio on.
Still looking at the Met Gala pics and feeling inspired.
Shutup, you're annoying me -___-
Love truth, and pardon error. -Voltaire
I feel bad for the west coast peeps..
love it!
uses his program to start trouble with fans. Thoughts ?
A bitch is tired!! Just getting home :(
I FOUND A WINNER TO BE IN MY BIO GUESS WHO IT IS???
Packer's fans are out in full force today. Go Pack Go!
study or netflix?
This time tomorrow night, I'll be having fun and making memories with some of my favorite people in the world!
Smile, you're in excellent hands with Kravitz Dental! Looking for a new dentist? We have two convenient locations in Pembroke Pines & Miami!
“: Romney: "I oppose gay marriage because when they're single they're easier to pin to the ground."”
I believe it's -21
moreso, AD, MKG, DL, TJ, DM, MT KW...as much as id like to think my riturals work, them boys gotta go to work
My problem,exactly!
Say what?! RT SAD NEWS: Donna Summer has died. She was 63. - TMZ
As long as the applicant is in NYC all summer, all are welcome. If interested send a resume/cover letter to
Almost tweeted link to 's Twitter advice piece, but didn't want to break 8th Commandment. Get yr own aggregator, followers!
Did you know that people with #mentalillness are more likely to be victims of violent crime than to be perpetrators?
I'm gonna text you the list I wrote down(:
“: you look like such a pro with things in ur mouth! #JustSaying” second that.
Well then we look forward to a romantic evening with you :)
There will be a promotional discount when Spark! Dating launches so make sure to tell everybody you know to follow us on twitter
My pleasure to lend a hand...I mean Tweet!
lol jk i knew you had followed me before it was just funny getting an email about it now
psst, hello.haha. can you return my friend's indian costume someday? haha :)
The ASG had a cart going around campus full of free stuff today. Very nice of them!
haha that is pure genius. What color is a Wall Street powerbroker?
Thanks for the follow, MOB! Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue and Langen Neubacher at the new Plush!
You, me and our #ipad2 's. Saturday 4/23. Your local.
A thousand times I've failed you still, your mercy remains.
I AM THERE. what time are doors again?
It is great that the Mets will honor Reyes. He will be forever in the hearts of all Mets fans.
Groupon just defaulted my home city to Wichita. So, that's peculiar.
I wish I could go running. >.<
www.kupoz.com/kupozchic Unlock my badge!
Bah!!!! Don't listen to the Old Grammarians. Blogs for all I say!!! :) A wider audience keeps students honest.
My trust level right now is at an all time low....
- done and done <U+2665>
All I said was obligation, if you can't obligate them to certain things, then get rid of them. Lol.
Wow. I just coughed a lot and now, I'm dizzy & nauseous. -.- This happens to me WAY too often. :\
lol no clue but my phone spells it for me!
pockets You Just Got Tagged By A Bb Gun :)
It's Mariano Time
Don't forget Michael Vartan doing what I can only guess was supposed to be a smarmy version of Eric Ripert.
Ray Allen mom so pretty.
Anyone remember the scene from the movie ET with the Coke? ^TR
Nice work dudes! , both first-time nominees for National Magazine Awards.
Hope everyone has happy hearts and the sweetest of dreams goodnight fine people stay biscuit!!! :))))))))))))))) massivesmileage
thanks much, perry!
that's what's up. I live in Alabama.
I watched the DVD it touched me in a deep place. Thank you
I'm so done sharing all my guy information with ppl smh
I can read your mind babe, I know what you're thinking.
Hey man! Did I get row 1?
I know, it hurts my heart when I think about it
Yay Monday! Ready for a new start from a Long weekend!
I still think Mike Tyson is one or if not the best fighter. His record speaks for itself
Good Morning World
Swivel Bar Stools: Bold Statement Pieces Available with Reduced Prices... Swivel bar stools are a simple and stylish way to make a fashio
I'm looking for a new WordPress->Twitter plugin that will schedule + tweet new blog posts. Any suggestions?
I seriously...just tweeted the same thing.
Damn my whole tl doggin' the shit out of sugar shane mosley
Go Lions.. yall have to be the dirty bird...LOL
I have seen the death of me, and it comes in the form of graduate education kits on variable reserve.
23210. My Panda Run score
are you sure you've been drinking just water today? RT If I was on any other team I could average 20plus...
Break a leg, or something.
Did really join twitter? It's a verified account!
Uecker calling the game??
John Raese, running for Senate as a Republican in West Virginia, equated a smoking ban with Hitler forcing Jews to wear the Star of David.
Getting a text from him <3?
Finally have facebook linked up with Twitter. Thanks Meagan. It took me 30 seconds after finally reading your link.
Tip of the day: things happen when you take showers.
Editing the Trailer for "Wake Up!"....Got a call from an old boss...Are we relocating back to L.A.?? Holy Smokes Universe I just moved!
It's Fierce Friday at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio Get ur lashes done 21621 8mile Detroit Mi The lash studio for the glamour girl
another network owns the rights?
Jealous! Glad to hear the presentation/flight went well :)
That should work--how about 3?
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ? D: <3 i am waiting 2
Sixteen Candles <3
Dear God - just let the Liverpool sale to the Red Sox owners go through before we get relegated and continue to hemorrhage money and pride.
My grandma gave me $30 for gas. I'm going to pocket the money & have my dad fill the tank. LOL.
Louis Has Grown Up up so Fast I Just Love Him He's My Little Baby Boy<U+2665>
the pool is always closed no exceptions
Going to the range tomorrow, just don't know which one. Either shooting Titliest Pro V1 or .45 ACP.
Thanks, Sean.
actually now available for order! buyers have been receiving theirs before the 3/15 pub date.
But I was never one of the girls at school who had lots of boyfriends
#ArcticMonkeys were amazing!
www.dinotalk.com looks great! keep it up.
sucks to you right now lol
She left my behind for a white girl ctfu
Hello guys, thank you
lol when my little sister tells my friend she likes her butt..
Listen to us this Saturday @ 10am or Sunday @ 8pm for The . This week's guest is Jason Dunn from
Thanks to you as well, good suh.
“: goodmorning :) follow back?” followed !(:
Cheers RT : Unleashing the beast tonight with some midweek drinks. Much needed <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I used to love #CSIMiami. I HATE the subtitles in Spanish! They are annoying and unAmerican! At least give me an option!
: ok that's acceptable - my dad won't kill me for that - but thank you anyway fella - for hospitality, books, and all ETC - TX
Vegas at that time is great. Let us know if you need help booking.
Stunning, of course! Following you on IG, now. :)
Why am I in this mood? Blah.
Prolly go see dereck jetter play tomorrow at yankee stadium
RT Don't mess with massa's money! So true. LOL
hey there! Love you<3 :)
Nice. Howard Rodman just quoted Borges.
Do that shit nigga.I hate media takeout
What did I jus get myself into...
I'm not sure how much I believe in technology in the classroom anymore.
Don't want to go home tomorrow:(
I think that when a person reaches age 35, they get to make up a word...that way,,EVERYBODY is remembered for something...
swirve goin to school there il be out there real soon I.gotchu
#thingsthatdontmakesense Girls who wanna come over at 3 in the morning to watch a movie
I think every major road in Greenwood is under construction.
A real boyfriend knows his girl like the back of his hand. He knows when she's mad, sad, aggravated, happy, hurt, because that's his girl
Boy Meets World... that is oh so cute
refreshing my mentions over and over. #askharry narwhals or unicorns?
Yes, the baby is straight, but she's an honorary gay.
2. What happens in class stays in class; 3. Hypercompliance
LOL! They still do live bands on Friday? does the Social jump?
I need to go see Hands Like Houses...
U CAN SAY THAT AGAIN. IT'S WHO U ARE WITHIN. MONEY MAKES LIFE EASIER THAT'S ALL. MAKE U ARROGANT
Single dad from Seattle!!
Anybody else ever notice that the paint on the walls and ceiling in the Riviera make it look like a shit hole.
had a great meeting with today. looking forward to working with him this summer. safe travels, homeboy!
People should pay attention towards the #gardens to appreciate
« Charging a cell phone while walking down the street? Sounds too cool. #Tedxemory»
#Onlinetshirtdesigning makes the complete process of creating your t-shirts very simple and quick.
What is your most common issue with the maintenance of the hardware on your commercial doors?
Bella is so lucky that she gets to go to all these places.
Great game Duke!!
killer good customer service from vishal - thanks!!
Thats all we turned up our last time out.
don't forget to follow him ! Spread the word
Scott Berkun The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say <U+FFFD>I
Ok I must retweet this. :)
happy holidays everyone. We will be open for one more hour get your gift certificates while you can. Closed at 3pm reopening Monday at 7am
1Week until happiness ......don't let my girlfriend see that /:
Who will be at Hot Chips?
We hope everyone is having an amazing #ValentinesDay! We know our guests are!
Remember, you'll always save up to 30% off Publishers' Edition prices. Way more than this with Summer Reading prices, right?
JUNE 5TH FOR SAY SOMETHIN TO ITUNES! Can't wait! 6 Days before my Birthday <3
Plus she a hustla aint nothn u can sell her...aye
What do you mean now have given up? Sleepy Hollow was 1999.
I just tried to follow Austin's future girlfriend but all it said was "Edit Profile"
LOL! Have a safe trip.
Just tuned into the Crew vs. Rapids #MLS conference semifinal match.
Merry Christmas! What'd everybody get?
Meet the Real 1%: OCCUPY BOHEMIAN GROVE This July
Happy Birthday from a fellow Damaris and a fellow Libra.
No apologies MC...I felt where you were at that moment. I couldn't stop crying. *XOXO*
I wish you were out tonight!
he's great!
Lol i need to give up. is not noticing me anytime soon...
#TheNotebook is my favorite movie, and I will always cry. <3
And too much pinstripe for me. Zing ;) Unfortunately there's a couple other things going on tonight-
Whitney Houston was a genuine heroine. There are only a few who could match her: Streisand of course, but not many others.
Tho I hardly have time, ever, to watch much tv, when I do, I can't get enough of #UnderCoverBoss #jerseylicious + Investigation Discovery :)
just followed you back. :)
Damn this cancer survival shit, one year later and still having bad days, no less than day one...
U THINK U READY FOR ALL THIS SWAGG BABY
Haha whatever how you. been
Cp3 not fucking acting rightt this shit is getting to my skin
my swag is;)
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
he's lurking.
when you can sweep floors at Albivi!
paper just got here. gotta see if the pundits thought the #Chargers were as bad as I thought.... oh well, next year.
Consider it done!
I'd be delighted to do a skype video call to your students to intro or explore thinglink.
I know I work on thursday but I don't remember exactly when, I will have to check my schedule later!
I heard that next year there will be people smaller than me
I believe that ship has already sailed, and is about to sink rapidly.
Proud of the team and coach they gave'm all they wanted ...Anthony Davis is crazy good
Me too! I love that he has been on TV a lot lately RT Call me silly but Tebow picking the Pats has boosted my confidence a bit
“: So apparently according to , and I sing in our sleep O:” hm idk about that o:
haha that's the Hannah I know right there!
#Fleury has given up eight goals in his last two periods. Bylsma is entering Patrick Roy territory.
u said u find sexy pics of nick? An sorry if i didint discribe it more cuz it was too long soo sorry..!!!?
lmao really?! Is he at least cute? xD
Come on Hawks! Stay out of the penalty box!
is glad to finally be done cleaning, but doesn't want to know what the blue stuff in the laundry room was...eek!
"2/3 of the people on #SNAP go to work every day to try & make a living." on #SNAP helps kids.
Coding up a strorm. The file format work on the VST Instrument is almost done.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
good luck for Jacksonville....
RT So no one else is even mildly concerned that a bee is nutting hunny on our cheerios?
: A few spots left for exclusive mystery author panel on Wednesday at 4 p.m. RT!
hey Dan! Heard about you admirable activity on #lastFM ! AWESOME! How are things in your neck of woods?
I did it chec my tweets
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
lol we are cool <- cool kids
Happy New Years Eve!
I WANT ICECREAM!!!!!<U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600> I wish it was sunny
Having a wonderful morning with a (thankfully) very happy baby!
Congrats to 2 Guys, a Girl & a Trivia Team. They won a $30 bar tab during our first ever night of trivia w/!
I just got book and its amazing. Enough said.
BLEEEEEECH! Monday again.
Fuck something is defiantly wrong with my Twitter!!
every week this guy outside my bedroom window with a leaf blower. i'm 2 seconds away from drop-kicking his ass...
Should I go downtown and try to score a cheap ticket to Roger Waters performing The Wall at AT&T Park? Decisions, decisions.
no! Sorry to hear :(
you must be feeling better!!! :-)
Getting pelted by ice as I walk to class on March 23, gotta love Buffalo
I can't wait until the day comes when my efforts come to fruition and those who don't support me want to get something from me.
twitter poll: who does the best custom tshirt printing online? cafepress? spreadshirt? customink? help!
feel better love!
Fights are looking crisp and exciting. I love this sport!!!
All I want for my birthday is for to tweet me. That's it <3.
Engage your customers where they are - use the platforms they use
You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be ()
AMAZING DEAL! 4 night Cruise, $119.00.. Hurry, space is limited!
EVO or iPhone?
But you didn't have to cut me off, make out like it never happened & that we were nothing.
it was a lot of fun thanks for asking <3 they had a casino royal theme! super cute
since you brought back socks &sandals, you should bring back CONSTANCIO CHANGE!
Today is National Clean Out Your Refrigerator Day. What's that in the back of the refrigerator!?
Is the game the reason Texas is trending in twitter?
I'm so sorry. I could tell you some stories...
good, that means you're set for some euchre playoffs tomorrow!
I can't count the stupid tattoos
Mattie!!! Glad to see you around the twitterverse! Thanks for following. Hope to see you in the WB area soon!
i just wanna kill those assholes my self
Up and at 'em! Time to start drinking!
Oh my man needs to hurry and call me. -__-
Good Morning... Happy Monday. :-)
You know what's rad? When you can't wait until Monday morning to go hang out with your friends at the office. SO #POSI!
Cain hurt by Greenspan comment Romney strong Newt brilliant leader Perry poor Bachmann strong Paul fed-up
Have an story suggestion? Want to join our writing team? Just want to say hello? Email submissions [at] twentysomethingindy [dot] com.
I live in the States and am often in LA. Still no luck. Saw his shows live twice. Didn't offer M&G. Wanna run into him @ a bar
Ausiello just mentioned it too! Exciting if he ever gets around to tweeting relevant things. LOL :)
Feeling the bump back down to earth after a lofty conference season. Antidotes?
Really confused why the Bucs feel they need to trade up in the draft
May rest in peace carlos fuentes
No doubt about it! :) RT : Wow...prayer changes the atmosphere! Thank You!!!!!!!
I think it's kewl to run around, arms spread like a plane, and jump over benches I dunno bout you..
Guten Tag Welcome to Newark Twinning and hope you enjoy our twinning tweets!
Feels weird not having everyone in our dorm hall.
You better not be in LA
About to taste cottage cheese for the first time. Scared
Too much cuteness. I love my clients kids
Why are we still publishing journal article PDFs with multiple columns of text? What do you people not get about THE DIGITAL AGE?
Seen like 30 girls in the fitness section at target, they really tryna to get right for the summer
Please Dont forget to Sign the Petition!! www.imwithconan.com/petiton
hi mate .. say do u use skype ?
AZ Attorny Gen Debate tonight at Valley Youth Theatre at 6pm...DO you want to go?
My room looks like it's a storage unit.
Oh, sure enough, he is! Just goes to show that perspective is everything!
Finger f*cking my haters, call it Canada porn.
the great jambino
shout to in the building..a pleasure seein u guys today
You must have already downloaded it.. It's not on the home screen of your iPad with the other apps?
Bring on the Mayhem Maham! Are you ready for the pro game tomorrow at 7:45.
“: Woo hoo!! I'm a vendor at the at !! So excited” Yay! Excited to have you Diana!
It turns out I'd rather turn down a job I didn't want than be turned down for a job I didn't want.
depressing day in chicagoland. wet socks.
Waking up horny and knowing you can't get none is the worst!! Lol
Go to Quadjacks.com. The incredible marathon stream continues on Wombat Radio!!!
thanks man
u would no better to be honest. think we can both agree game needs to make significant changes to keep casual fan interested
Both of you mentioning Tilda Swinton is kinda hilarious.
Hate boo c bitches man
I'm amazed by how many people have seen Google Earth, I don't expect them to have seen imagery
Yep...the inner ear is still in tact enough for at least one spin per segment...
“: First Tab: Twitter ... Second Tab: Facebook ... Third Tab: YouTube.” it's like they know my life...
Im really glad today is my friday.
I need out of here!!!
Any #a11y friends going to Learning Solutions 2012 in March?
Morning. We R out of #FancyFeast. Something is going on around here becuz I couldn't have possibly eaten all of it! Ok it's possible.
Its amazing when you can go back and listen to any songs and you NEVER get tired of them! :)
It's such a great idea, too, for a giveaway location!
I want to go to the skatin ring Saturday
Suprised that Man U lost today....
Thanks to everyone who made it out for last night's Open Book Club discussion of The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test!
Great advice on how not to get stabbed by a room of typographers from this morning ;)
I have enjoyed watching the playoffs but I am having a hard time rooting for anybody. Any suggestions???
International Sex Workers Rights Day Picnic on the corner of 7th and Park View by the fountain :)
It's Nothin It's Nothin.. ..
Why is this taking so long?
k, cool, maybe ill c u there!
I cant wait to have a drink I AINT LIEIN !
dam such a hater, see those pics are real that's why if you did really come here you would never leave, or with some holes in u
Going to try out for sushi tonight. Keeping my fingers crossed!
: Trend #7 Privacy Paranoia: Make sure you have long cryptic passwords.
The fact some of us don't hate the #Browns drft doesnt mean we r blind/drinking the koolaid etc. It just means we aren't cranky pessimists.
Haha that's awesome! Cannot wait!!!
Show your Valentine how much you care with a heart shaped pizza! Available now thru 2/14
this guy wears a 13
Sry I have no tattoos My body attracts woman as it is. I don't need any extras to impress. Sry to the tatted up ppl who couldn't impress né1
Its gorgeous out today
Cell phone bill too expensive, but you need one to get a job? Come to our March 15 workshop to learn what you can do. Contact us for info.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal. It is the courage to continue that counts. ~ Winston Churchill
I miss all my teen hoot friends. I miss Nashville period... -_-
One thing was played on 1075 yesterday !?-A
- Hahaha. Not until tomorrow night!
Looking for Hot & Sexy Boys that aren't afraid to shake their a** (and get paid on top of it!). Go Go Boys! Where you at!? Contact us!
I dont have roses in the closet , But ive got pictures in a drawer
Just found out yesterday that fell 25' over a railing a couple years ago...crazy stuff. Where did that happen?
3411 East 12th Street, Oakland ca 94601. Come by this weekend 50% off manicure/pedicure & waxing services!
Ben Zobrist is awesome.
What MRI?
i wasnt completely alone. im ...i dont even know how to explain...
hahahaha yes!! “: "At the crime scene lol."”
proud of my aunt for her relay for life this weekend. it was one of the most beautiful things ive ever been to.
good article -- would love to hear your take :)
may have a better stroke than Blake Griffin
Any fool can criticise, complain, condemn, and most fools do. - Anonymous
Not bad Lakers ! Just try a liddo harder & we could win this c: #LakerGangOrDontBang <3
« Get out the corner man... Dayum»
Ok, so the poor have tv and fridge. What about access to health care and quality education and safe neighborhoods and purposeful work?
Anybody want to pick Raven up from work today? No? Cool...
Just joined pollen.com. I have to find out who's killing my nose.
Guessing Brown didn't write up a play for Blake to take the 3, down by 1. If it worked it be diff story but it was bad. Kobe only shot!
Thank you Healthcare, for making last night's Chicago Executive Forum a success. Can't wait 4 next yr!
That's what's up!
Baby got back
So. Good!
That is SO doable!! 3K a day! You've got this!!
Thank you! We are ecstatic :)
call up to the AD office and have them hold 2-or just get there early and you should be fine-game is at 7-maybe get there at 6:30
thank you for helping fans understand the issues from the players' perspective
Its awesome when your drummer drives 75 in a construction zone... Until you see a state cop with radar. think we all need to change our ...
Thanks for everyone's inspirational comments! I am looking forward to working with each of you moving forward....stay tuned!
TJ your profile pic is so cutee. And your completely creaming me with the follower contest. Congratz. xD
same here
Hello I'm writing a book but I need Help with a certain sentence I wrote. So can u help me?
Looking to order a new gaming desktop in the next few days, but I'm not 100% sure where from. Shooting for ~$1,500. Suggestions?
Penthouse in the towers.... Respect Money Power.....
About to watch Nacho Libre! -
If ALL you do is RT, #LeaveTwitter we don't need a big ol' echo.
the Canaan rodeo school story I did was picked up by AP!!!
you all are the best!
Something I haven't said in a while - it's hot out!
dang I go back the 25th
Writing about #RENT the musical, can't wait to see how it turns out
tweeting from the school board meet tonight
I don't do pinky promises, I do middle finger promises. So if you screw me over, you're done, and that's a legit promise.
I hadn't heard of it - thanks! Go go gadget reading list...
Our neighbors SMC LTD and Big Bad Toy Store both have construction projects going on here in the Somerset Industrial Park. Way Cool!
Are you evangelizing your world, or just hanging and scrambling words with your friends?
Venting to my best friend. <3
I want nachos and cheese. M(:
And no! Im not jumping on the bandwagon, I've always wanted a banjo!
Congrats on the new gig. The Warren campaign is lucky to have you!
Saying, "EA Sports, it's in the game" along with the guy who says it.
Took a while to figure it out, but what a laugh!
Great to have your here!
wait. does the ipad even have a mic?
Kind of a nice day to skateboard over to or Maybe
ive just voted 4 you . i BELIEVE you will win . I have HOPE =)
If you are a grown man and your tone decreases when you speak about sex, meet me downstairs. Ignore the crowbar, I just wanna talk LOL
you just go to a gas station and apply for one
"Mixing supernatural w/ science to illuminate...issues of gay marriage." Tom Jacobson's play, "House of Rising Sun." He's 1 of my faves.
“: Ha who stops to pick up a dropped quarter at #Nordstrom?” that's like picking up a c-note at a lambo dealership
Haha I totally get that.
Hi everyone, come check out the new Sal's Fusion Lab Iphone app that will be available in just a few days. Great Guitar Education Materials!
Good morning twit fam
much appreciated!
well I don't know, I'm talking out of my arse
The first followers are on the bottom of the list. It's backwards. Check it yo! #8 &
RT evening boys and girls>>>Hey Big Boy...how's things?
don't kill me about yesterday. I was super busy at work.
#NISO is the force (behind many standards) #erl12 Does this mean that they have a dark side? 0_o
So how much do you love me!? I have so much make up work and if you would let me copy all the bio I missed you'd be a hero!<U+2764>
' Random just crossed my mind tho!
your a pot head lol
thank u man ;)
He who digs a pit for others falls into it himself. - German Proverb
Feel free to email me Mika. Thx for following :)
Thanks man! Lemme know what you think!
Just woke up to a beautiful day..... to bad i got to go to work. S$huks!
Not wanting to help the kitchen clean, but your the first person to take family meal
No problem with the follow, looking forward to your tweets!
I hate school hah
No, the fact that girls are more difficult than men.
It's a Beautiful day for a bike ride!
someone better record the new songs
You should always follow your heart .
Can't tell you how much this made me smile.
Stop crying and get back to work.
Damn the one time i want use my earphones i dont have em -.-
FINAL: No. 2 seed Apprentice downs No. 1 Spalding 9-8 in the World Series semis. Golden Eagles fall into loser's bracket.
"My dad probably loved the dog just as much if not more than me,” said Gavin Wright, of Santa Fe, of the pit bull that mauled his father.
well im sorry #forgive and forget
Time to Spring Forward! Daylight Saving Time begins this Sunday, March 11th at 2:00am! Do you prefer to Fall Back or Spring Forward?
I'm starting my countdown tomorrow.
Have you ever went on Bing and searched Google? Lol
lol #oomf plays too many games kinda tired of em..
RT : 4th and forever was good tonight :)
Finished my essay! Now only a cover letter and a works cited page left! I think this is going to be a good one!
Shaq sucks up to Kobe so bad on air. I wonder what he says off of it.
KCAI celebrates Black History Month starting with a lecture at 6 p.m. Feb. 9 by alumnus Phil Shafer in Vanderslice Hall.
Get Well Soon Superman!
Dave Matthews Band is playing in the bar. Who has a pistol because I feel like taking my own life.
only slightly more embarrassing than our public debut :)
REALLY DUDE!!!!
About halfway through my familys meal of mexican food, my dad threw is head back and screamed 'TACO NECK!' then resumed eating.
: OMG subway has the freshest subs.
as did I.
But, reading your kids texts the old fashioned way (Junior hand over your phone... NOW!) does not require legal backing
shit yeah its been ages!! Miss your face momma.
Wishing the weekend would get here sooner! #whatdayisit?
Thanks to all the comics and fans who came out to What The Yuck?! last night. You guys are f'n hilarious.
Question for #twitterstorians, #historyteachers, and #APEuro folks: What textbook recommendations do you have for AP Euro classes? Thanks!
It's #ala11, continuing the onsite NOLA conference tag.
Over 3000 strong here at Elite Academy.
Ugh...it's only tuesday and I'm already begging for the weekend to come. Not a good sign
I hope you have a great weekend as well...
you should've picked a different outfit to wear last night! Your turning into a little miley Cyrus and that isn't a compliment
#bieberfact Justin was 13 when he got signed RT if you think that's amazing.
If Wayne sell a millie in one night, he will be the first rapper to get his star on the side walk as a rock star!
Aye ima slide on you Today !
Watching the highlights from the game lastnight... Dang didnt no we lost . Whatever nigga I still love the Heat
how do you find the 7 digit pin to activate twitter on another device?
THINKING ABOUT FINISHING MEDICAL SCHOOL
THANK YOU JUST GOTTA MAKE IT WORK
When everything reminds you of that one person you dont want to be reminded of ... <
Happy Easter!(:
Hanging at Bull McCabes in ATX come out!!!!!!
"If you don't find the time to do it right, when will you find time to do it over." Todd Duncan
I had one and loved it and so did my hubby! Great gift for dad!
100% GREEN Carpet Cleaning! Includes Pet odor/stain enzyme treatment, deep cleaning & stain guard application!
Ha--at least they won't play "Shout" in the stadium afterwards... :P
I miss him. He doesn't try.
good stuff. As new La Jollan (moved 2day 2 #birdrock) helps to know what to talk abt w when we meet...
I do believe the devil's nipples are rock hard at this point.
My sister almost punched me lol. Trying to wake her up from her beauty sleep.
iWish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible..
RT : Zero chance of QB Brady Quinn being moved. He is and will be a Bronco. Team loves what he's doing.
thank girl
Became a Lieutenant in the Law Enforcement career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
my real name is Rodger. Which means, "to fuck someone", in the UK. That shits hilarious to me.
badgers!? I meant bashers.
Ahh so happy for the #newdirections !!!! This is why I love
you in Ecuador right?
you're probly right.
Havin visions in my dreams
Thanks Matt! Always a rewarding experience working w/ teachers & students. MT I love 's focus on education and youth.
cuz the way u went M.I.A. u wulda swore da F.B.I. had sum to do wit it lol
“The people who are lifting the world onward and upward are those who encourage more than they criticize.” – Elizabeth Harrison
Good thing it's only 1-0. I REALLY want L.A. to lose.
come on protools...
Practicing "Taylor Issues" (
Middle school
I'll do the rest tomorrow. RT that tweet if you want me to tell you which kid you'd look good w/ from the crew!
Some old dude on the train keeps singing Ave Maria at the top of his 80-year-old lungs. Wow.
don't be trying to slap me! That is rude and uncalled for!
How about now? RT : Now? RT Drogba's getting absolutely embarrassing now.
“: I'm sorry for your loss. My wife's grandmother is struggling with illness now too." thx! I hope your family is doing well.
Jeter batting first
Just finish cooking for the family.
pt4: "if we don't pull together and protect the absolutely radical and democratic notion of libraries."
Just looked through my followers...wow, some seriously good looking ladies out there. Which makes sense because I'm fucking beautiful.
in the CO high country for the 4th, and the rivers are raging...
guess I'm not white enough.
my favorite song on the #UnderratedEP would probably be "memories of you" (:
We will be at the ! Make sure to stop by the booth #548 where Bottoms Up will be featured
hmm.. and can I know why you deleted it? I would like to speak with the real Miley.. I LOVE HER SO MUCH!
perfect! Almost Hacks Of Kindness.
hahaha well my plan for this week was looking good so I won't feel bad bout looking bad for finals next week lol
mee too!!!! n.n i'm going to f.y.e. the exact DAY it comes out to snag that sucker before my other fellow #rushers aha
how much shit she talk about me today?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
“The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows
every body follow
#Netflix stock went from $300 to $150 real
I'll forgive but I will never forget!
RT It sounds official. Visiting this weekend. Biking and beer. <-- JEALOUS!!!
our lead guitarist was just asking about you. I think he's got a crush. We dig it.
When or where can I cope your LATEST JOINTS? BANGIN THAT '96 MENTALITY mixed wit a little PILLAGE while I create some new art!
This dude just told me I looked 16.. That's cool cuz I'm really 28<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>.. On my momma on my hood.. I look fly..<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>I look god!!!<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Donations can also be made via DonorNet, or by mailing a check postmarked by the Thursday, March 1st deadline! Don't forget!
I did my best to answer your question, it's one I have myself..
Her: Maury I am 1000% sure he's the father.. Him: Maury she just in love with the swag..gtfoh people
"As I turn in, I pray for you folk. God made you too talented to live your lives broke!" (Talented&Broke NOV26)
FaceBook is popping for me right now ! Lets get it :-)
they wouldnt hold it for you? damn.
Yesterday I learned a lot about the massive effects of energy..Your vibe, your aura, others sense ur vibe at all times..trust ur intuition
Back to work.... Love my job:-)
A chandelier is just a big fucking light.
#20ThingsAboutMe 5. I know all the words to all the songs.
exactly it like years ahead of it time.
OMG I can't believe I got a gift card after doing this easy survey!
oh, it's much funnier not to tell!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Love does not hurt - (We agree!)
E i know i need to write a survival guide on "how to deal with a mentally insane mother!"
Tom Bradley lives in Provo, Utah and came to wellness and weight loss out of necessity but has hung around from passion
The dream I had with #oomf <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Lol ok I hear ya.
Someone is getting OLDer! Lol
So Simpson and Bowles are cute? Yikes. MT I love lawmakers who issue #supercommittee statements today. You guys are so cute.
thanks for the follow!
very interesting, w/o knowing we r trying that. I think short subject trustworthy lines work best. Trial 'n error right?
I am frozen.
I'm so bored
Thanks for featuring us on your site, ! You guys rock!
Why you look familiar
I'll teach you stats in 20 minutes...
#Giants owner saying how their fans are "the most loyal". BS! If they stank up 2011, they'd simply dust off & don green jerseys.
is it 'cause I look Jewish?
yes, yes it is
I can't sleep O.o
drag queens all over the world are so jealous of you and your realness
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 12
Eminem & 50 Cent: The Best Bromance :B Ever.
Thanks for the mention! What's your favorite thing to do in #SanDiego?
it's your time Sly, You gotta step up-We draft Hightower he will be a starter day one. go kick ass Sly
"Daddy's home!! Daddy's home!!!" You know, that never gets old.
I'm serious about usual nonsense monthly let's talk.
Midterm stress has arrived at the library. There is an air of exhaustion and frustration. That means spring break is almost here, right?
Wait. What? Can we all skype and get caught up on Rosie's RELATIONSHIP, please!
hi morgan its hahaha :)
Plan for next Kirby Howell meeting - Start fleshing out Autumn Bk. 3 outline.
I've got to shoot with when I'm back in LA in May... What a cool girl! Happy Birthday!
Did Chelsea win? :D
Better than I know Myself and I don't want it dedicated to me I would like it dedicated to my BFF
So great catching up today! My, how times change ;) Let's get and in on our lunch date next time!
actually i'm basing that off my own experiences. results may vary
"Dinner without wine is like a kiss without love" Check out Dobson's winelist at www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Wine_list
Sounds like a tough question! At a conference but I'll be sure to try and get on.
Thanks for helping sponsor our outreach today with sandwiches!
My little cousins are the cutest!
Due to daytime #curfew in #ChulaVista, many #SUHSD alt ed students will spend upwards of 3,258 hrs under de facto house arrest!
Phone Dying -_-
Hunger games was so good!!!
John Wall to Kentucky!!!! Can anyone say preseason #1?
I can Tuesday...
It doesn't matter if a million people tell u what u can't do, or if ten million people tell u no. If u get 1 yes from God that's all u need.
I can see a right to privacy issue, but I'm not convinced that not releasing will kill you like not breathing will
You're welcome. Thanks for the tunes! (=
The more one gets to know of men, the more one values dogs. ~Alphonse Toussenel
Had a great time last night meeting and to discuss ! Great guys, great project, but I gotta die
Don't forget! We are closed on Sunday, April 8th.
it just gets a bit old and trite. I love him, but im like guy im turning 31 soon. I don't wanna kick it like that anymore
Paging : are you guys losing it? You froze an acct I prepaid for a year because the cc on file expired? With 8 mos service to go?
I went a little crazy on instagram
now another teacher comin in tha room??
Hey Peado the Green Montser touch any kids lately? whoops
Tired of highschool and drama. Gotta make my own way now. Make good grades get out.. One year to make some
Papa johns where yall at? I need my pizza homie.
Honestly the pleasure is all ours, Merry Christmas to you too.
Stop tweeting and driving. LOL and those were big glasses. Haha.
What do you think about Lance Lynn?
64 bars of the most disrespectful shit ever said. We told ya, May is the month of the Madness, & it's only week 2.
Sharing my with today to live-tweet ASTD's Chapter Leader Day in Denver; join us via #astd2012cld 8-11:45am MT
Stretching before running warms up your muscles, increases blood flow and helps avoid injuries.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RIZZO!!! Wit yo sexy self!!!
First thing I did this morning was break out the juicer. Now I'm on to a full bottle of mineral water. #sxswdetox has begun.
Starving Marvin
Ohh I see. You were just making people think it was?
Maybe one day everyone will appreciate Justin Bieber like we do Rick Astley.
T1 It seems like specialists have more experience and knowledge of mhealth apps. Generally more focused applications
Thinking maybe Duffy was saving his arm on those IBB lobs
happy with the #Terps win, #TorreySmith performance ranks up their with Mark Mason and Lamont Jordan in terp lore; now onto the
you stayed?!?!
absofuckinglutely gonna get a pink wig and dress up as her on the superbass video hahah do u want to come with me? X
that didn't make sense
Thanks! It was tough shooting in there b/c the floor is bouncy wire (which, of course, is quieter than a regular floor), haha
i bought a snapback today and i'm the happiest boy alive
I love the new shirts! I'll add them to my stack of "I plead the FIF" shirts!
Can you say pathetic?(:
a breath of fresh air, after all the female bashing I notice on the daily.
Depends on how much I'm making. Roomie owns a 12-speed Oster blender & I have a Tribest personal blender. Both handle ice well. :)
why are you so cute? por kay?
Its hard to decide if I should listen to or watch Forrest Gump on TNTHD right now. Forrest is much smarter and funnier. Run SBK Run
I swear makes no sense sometimes SMH <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
This news <
You learn something new about people everyday.
Thanks for the shout out!
On my way to get some breakfast.
boy yo old "WHIP TIL IT DRIP" JERRY CURL WEARIN ASS
Hey Gabby, just noticed we are following, can you follow back? We will be in Edmond for Music Video release party on the 1st.
RT : Life is too short to be stressed up with those people who even don't deserve to be an issue in your life.
No!!!!! I gotta treat you to some royale w/ cheese before you bounce in us, lol.
had a pretty fun night last night! 2012 is going to be a great year! :)
Watching Nicki Minaj is giving me a seizure
Thanks! A great day of mixing ahead. Wish you the same.
LeBron fait 5 kilos de plus que David West. Yep scary.
What are the three words guaranteed to humiliate men everywhere? 'Hold my purse
Guilty As Charged!!
I just wish, as a formerly bullied youth & activist, the mainstream media would tag onto this idea, becuz 'bully' is overused.
o damn... why i love u more than anything ???
hey sexy lady.
im sorry I couldnt get ucla to offer you. :-)
I strongly dislike thunderstorms.
....yall should really #phuck wit me...HOT NEW #BEATS ON DECK...jus send me a email and lemme send yall sum samples
The Red Line is like the Wicked Witch of the West. Add aittle water and things start to melt.
check out www.youtube.com put in Dawn Reese Show a day looking for sponsors if you want a good laugh also we NEED SPONSORS
“If a person fears God, she has no reason to fear anything else.” - Beth Moore
yup yup
CHALLENGE! During the season of love, we want to hear what you love most about Fit2Go. Our favorite post will win a box of Cao...
Ew, that article completely missed the point
You did leave, didn't you?
Just found out Mr Ed had peanut butter in his mouth. What he didn't really talk?
tbh, i miss last year summer, ok. the oscar ustreams, the boyz' were on the news (safesex), ugh everything.
Yes official
Cool !!! Thanks for all the Free Gifts... uhh... I think?
looking forward to your post. We're getting started with Socket Labs for large mailings of policy attestations & they use Rackspace.
Lupica outrageously makes much more out of #Braun's statements than is credible - and we still don't know the full arb opinion
posted up at grandmas bedside
could call in a pick up order at Open City! Or
he will follow u one day :) #neversaynever nd I miss u also :)
Got memorabilia to be autographed by DDP, Booker T, Luger, DiBiase, Raven+more? www.promolastevents.com/mail-order
At 30th St Station- headed home from a gr8 Intro class in Philly! Lots of new pins and pumped up Certified candidates.
everything new get gassed in Milwaukee..... It's a combo of real good songs with real bad songs
Thank you! I KNOW how deeply PROUD my Papa (Tom Moore) would be of you & the Pastors The depth of teaching - fantastic
Big Donkey doesn't come through again
hehe you know it. They are really nice actually.
My coffee is making me sweaty.
mines to lol ")
Yes, it sure is! And Phase I (English, Theatre, Dresher Center, scholars programs) opens next summer! Then Phase II begins.
I know. May have to pick someone up.
Plan your work for today and every day, then work your plan. ~Norman Vincent Peale
Morning well spent with Oma, Opa, Mimi, and my grandma. I won't be able to eat for the rest of the day. So full.
RT : huge win in edmonton. looking forward to a rockin rose garden crowd sunday night!!
Ladies, dont ever let a guy make you sad. If they don't appreciate you then find a new one. You are to good for that.
More is less. - Mies Van Der Rohe. Less is more. - Le Corbusier. More or Less - Danko.
This was the greatest legal gambit since Mike Brady dropped his briefcase on the courtroom floor
Ooh, that crisp cool post-storm breeze coming through the windows is divine.
Well so much for a smooth trip back. This plane has an issue as well and we are returning to our gate.
Sometimes you cannot believe what you see. You have to believe what you feel. ~Morrie Schwartz via
So True.. And is happening right now!
I know. I have a breakfast at 7:30. Good night!
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!51
now brewing: california batch #1 (wt), an english pale ale.
I love eavesdropping on the office ladies trying to describe #SuperBowl plays, but not knowing any of the terms. It's called a
Fucking yankees mann
PLEASE HELP US get followers and tell your followers to follow us and RT
TRAFFIC ALERT: All lanes blocked on I-94 WB at MM 254 before HWY 73 due to a traffic incident, use alternate routes.
if he spun as well as he talked we'd be following him on Twitter now wouldn't we? Modesty has its place my friend...
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend - :))
stay positive, you'll be fine :)
App of the week for journalists: AnalyticsPro
See if I was Blaine, the gloves would've came off and his brother would be out the door<3
LUSH BATH. Serious obsession.
If you follow me, I will make you your favorite tea. Promise.
To change the status quo: proactively seek broad range of experiences. Dr. Jarik Conrad
Komen CEO made $456,437 last year, more than 1/2 the amount of cash they won't give Planned Parenthood this year due to right-wing stoogery.
cans of Oldstyle? Oh wait- gentrification...
Aww thank you :)
Going to start tweeting again in anticipation of iOS 5 integrating twitter!
Look, we could argue about this for hours. If you like elevator music, then like Jessica.. That's your choice.
I know right! I miss those day :( lol
Today I'll be at reserve & u?
No Will Shields???
Out of retirement for a split second....MAVS! Lebron is a bum!
: " good boy" - Nobody ever accused me of that! ha ha ha ... oh wait. I admitted that last night. Tonight might be different
why are u playing Kan Jam in the rain????? And congrats at the same time.
See you all at the show tonight at capones! New shirts in! Also if birds could fly will be playing as well so come out!
This summer isn't gonna be shit compared to last summer..
#NYCSportsReport: Crushing It: The New Jersey #Devils & Even Strength Possession in the 2012 Playoffs
Blah fish for dinner, not my fav. #iwant enchiladas ;D
We say all of em and we can't wait to see everyone glowing at on Sept 23rd!
I caught the end of "Boyz in the Hood" earlier tonight on Lifetime, no idea they ran that genre -
May is Healthy Vision Month.
it went well! It was really hard but I stayed positive and told myself I could finish. And eventually you get there!
Tuesday is off to a much better start! I kind of wish the weather was hot again. And rainy too.
fans are delusional.
Watching every single jersey shore episode from the beginning :)
Beginning a new artistic performance venture, stay tuned!
I called him bck he said you get the $120 yet. -_____- yep I gotta go up there.
sink load and fire til the empire's reaped what they've sewn
Job Opening: Paralegal to provide support for Client’s Employment, Benefits, and Labor Law Department. 2-4 years experience required!
lovely day in NOLA! Taking back the night w/parade in Algiers PT tonight 6-7PM ferry landing to international school.
There's nothing wrong with being radio-friendly, especially with pop.
meh, if it fixes the stuff you broke in the previous release.. I'm for it ;)
okay & I hate you too
List also included & RT : Congrats to peeps who helped City be a "Social Media Star"
well, talk to someone so you don't <U+2665>
Successful parenting is convincing each of your children that he or she is your favorite.
and if you wanted to talk to him, you'd do the same? Or the rules don't apply...?
Horrible time management meant no working out today… It's ok I'll to better tomorrow
Lmao! man I miss you!!!
that's a low blow
hope you're having a great weekend as well
Curtsy! Bow! Whatever. Maybe one day I can sous for you. RT : funny -- wish I'd thought of that.
TY so much for your support!!!
I want a Dave Lumia autographed bobble head.
I never know what to tweet. This. Is. So. Confusing.
I read that as you got a facial from Robin Thicke.
I propose a new a holiday for the masses, National Subservience Day! (NSD) It will bootlickin' fun!
just passed something filming in Belmont... hm
Izturis crushed that ball.
Crazy uncle just called an empty champagne bottle a "dead Indian"
Coupon code: HEARTS for 30% off! www.cafepress.com/cajoneswear
Thelonious Monk Fish
Tx for the follow. Hope all is well with you! I'm in CA this week facilitating a workshop. Fun!
Its here. I found it in our beer cooler.
2 hours of Celine Dion, 1 hour of Bette Midler and Valentines Day. Great movie session
Thanks for the support!
lol haha that's fine. They are obscure often.
What kind of writing help do you need: Business, Creative, or Technical?
We love him too! RT i love professor clement price. he's one of my role models!
omg I hate getting up at 5 in the morning ewww
Yes! certificate import problem. And a documentation update recommendation from the user.
Because i dont eat bacon..my family now makes Turkey Bacon..I love it :) lol
actually no lol I just saw one today his name is Teddy hehe
Study time with >>>
you are more/than forgotten
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.--Janis Joplin
I could really go for some honey Dijon kettle chips right about now ! #fatgirl@<3 lol
actually about to order at G2 and do a video review on it..
Jeff, thanks for the follow!
Hoping to get this Bomb going by the weekend!!
That's icky. FYI I moved past sandwiches to toast for this city. If you'd like to start an I-rent-in-DC support group I'm in.
As the moon retaineth her nature, though darkness spread itself before her face as a curtain, so the Soul remaineth perfect even
nice 2 meet u last night w/Rachel. Good luck with Churchsky's! Very cool concept. Safe travels!
Lovin your message:) Thanks for your support! Happy Friday and #MuchSuccess to you!
Have we convinced you yet? Of course we have! Buy your party tickets today at lostweekend.eventbrite.com and enter discount code getlost.
Thanks for the RT
I'm probably several weeks behind the rest of the geek contingent on the 'net, but nice surprise seeing on
Oh and sorry that I said Sunday that I would call you I swear I completely 4got Bcause I not take after noon naps so yeah
I need to talk to Reese tomorrow & ask if I can fill the position of secretary for our class. Stephen & I would plan a great prom.
Crazy Friday night. Played barbies with a five year old
Good Morning, All...
Forever alone or Forever in love <21 -
that was a movie. although with enough sequals to form an entire season of a TV show.
Mean people suck! GET NICE!
Damn, guys, I may have tripled my tweet count today. What's gotten into me? Besides Greek yogurt? Do NOT answer that.
Interesting, but I'm not sure if you mean the book's quotes are meant to be aimed at me or others :-)
ideas home business
u listen to any of my songs on the page? wat u think?
Watching da all star game how are all of yall doing
I just read a story about a blind guy who's training to run in his eleventh marathon in case you were wondering how lazy you are
Yoo Erin Martin is a clown. Shields Brothers FTW
Shame on ESPN, NFL Network, & CNN, still no word from them.
check out #illustrations. You'll love his work.
I have a couple of new prize ideas for our kickstarter project. Hopefully I'll have them up by Monday!
GONNA KEEP CALLING ALL NIGHT!(;
Ready for another week! Expecting some BIG blessings while I'm thanking God in advance.
cool RT : great. I'll pass ur # to her!
packing my lunch and snacks right now.
I may be buying a mustang right now...
Glad I had a chance to kinda relax today.
If you never make anyone do something then you will be rewarded that's the freeworld :p
trade ya Waukesha for Kentucky:) 14 degrees here.
what do people in an art museum in the first place and then capitalize on that activity -
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : shoutout to FxckYouPayMe_ she dead forgot bout me
Shaliene Woodley in #Valentino SS '12, Melissa McCarthy in Marina Rinaldi and great ladies!!
hey u... How u been
2012 and STILL no sign of hoverboards...
If Withey got a piece, clock should've started then and the last shot could never have happened...
Every time I start to prep my class for this summer I think of all the amazing LIS pros who have influenced and educated me. Thanks to you.
A unique identifier for the Empire State Bldg. That's a cool concept.
Today, in 1964, the first Ford Mustang was completed on the assembly line...and look how far car technology has come!
Always wanted to see a game in KC also
Did not! My phone tweeked out and frozen when hung up
thank u
How You Saying Money Over Bitches But Don't Get None ? Lmao
#NowPlaying –DJ John Rizzo – TV Rock –Diamonds in the Sky
nike for sure!
I just got a surprise SECOND trailer for "We Are The Federation"!!! Wanna see??
but I have dreams about her all the time.... usually she and I are up to our old tricks or she is bossing me around..
R.I.P Adam Yauch aka MCA of the Beastie Boys. Icon in music.
#resume #tip Your resume is one of many steps to getting your idea job.
Sweet!! RT : Catching up on New Girl finale. Did you know Schmidt played young Sandy Cohen in an OC flashback?
"If the drive is too far, traffic is too bad, your gf is annoying, your job sucks and that keeps u from doing it - go do something else..."
agreed. since has no hope of keeping up with twitter, better to be 100% right than fast
are you on the juice?
Listening to Michael Pollan speak on campus. Love it when we get good speakers.
Thoughts on A.Craig's upside? Is this/his 200 ABs last yr the real deal?!?
Nice idea! Think I'll do the same. RT : Tomorrow I'll take a walk down the Scholars Walk. So inspiring. What a place.
What I just saw >>>
you graduated kid get over it
Low key Rihanna's new jam liven that beat tho.
google "Let it snow" using chrome or firefox for a nice surprise!
the pleasure is mine, thanks! the NC project looks wonderful, big time.
who is this
Exactly. I am who I am. Not gonna change that at this point. *shrugs* RT : Who? What? Where?
Love a pranky every now and then!.
A great pursuit! Wonderful orientation! Amazing what you find even hidden, tarnished, misshapen or abandoned. Redeemable!
I hear u. I like new, but I don't need another lame social media blah blah blah.
you may have to delete and get it again and then login?
what did you have prior?
strange that it is happening 3 days in 1 location?
I remember watching Dick Clark every New Year's Eve for the last 18 years. RIP Dick Clark, you will be greatly missed and never forgotten.
you are too kind!!!...been lovin the genius and brilliance of your work over the radiowaves:)
Kik with ! My username is CollinsCold. :D
How often do premiums increase on this plan? 1 of 15 questions you ask when buying health ins. Get your book today www.theprofittrap.com
In CHICAGO<3
Annotators workbench - open source tool for segmenting and annotating video.
RT : Trudie Styler is speaking for the rainforest and its inhabitants, calling for consciousness @
I thought you were working on it. :)
#Pacers baby.
Can we go to wingstop later?
Fuck you/ thank you for this hangover Hope tomorrow morning is a lot worse.
There's still time to walk on over for our hibachi lunch. (When have you been able to say that on February 1?)
I'm around! But headed to the gym!
how do you tell if you got the meet & greet
hey Justin
Root for the Rangers!
I am going Dubuque, grew up there plus I think Vinny is the best in the league
My 9-minute speech on Crowdsourcing Governance (w link to Putin on #opengov ). Thanks to
I surely did!!! Thank you so much for saving my life!!!! I owe you big time!
Chicago is terrified of "anarchists".
Glad we're on the same level! I see we're both PRSSA Treasurers... very cool! What kind of PR are you into?
RT : What is your vision for your business? #cct11What is your vision for your business?
When you getting home?
Did you know that from is bilingual?!? What other language do you think he speaks?
It takes skill to be real, its time that we heal each other! #Changes ...
Hahaha! Levin (the great one)tearing Hannity up about his 'Tweeting'. Sean is now a joke!!
- There are a lot of consultants and recruiters, but there's millions of candidates and awesome entrepreneur-types on there too.
I think Gotlieb is on crack tonight, i really do
Haha way to think ahead! not!
Oh. What's carrot top chimichurri like? Been trying to figure out what to do with them.
Mothers share inspiring stories in &#39;my Pregnancy&#39;
Can't wait to review some of the #CT2011 recordings. Terrific conference.
Digital Harbor 3 Poly 0 after one inning at Camden Yards Championship
Okay! #youfirst ;) RT : bring on #NoPantsThursday, with out without power! :)
denied Delofted media credentials to US Open, b/c we don't cover enough golf news. How old fashioned! Get with the next gen!
the other bro. c:
I hate rainy mornings
Which Republican candidate do you think has the best chance against Obama?
Don't sell urself short. U r Amazing!! The photographer's job is easy taking ur pics! Stunning!!
Had a FANtastic time at The Enzian tonight! Congrats to all at YRR, Rick & the Fans! We Rock!
My friend came lol
yikes ..lol not sure i wanna know now ..
I wonder how much time I spend doing other people's jobs for them.
Ugh, I wanted to do something today...
Did you know a Dusty Computer can start a fire??
Ready for Wednesday night?
I confide in my parents.
Please be kind, & rewind :-P
St. Patrick's Day Sales extended: $40 All Top Shelf: Durban Poison, Island Sweet Skunk and more. Come check it out!
Join hundreds of smart, successful, influential women from around South Florida and around the country at the Women’s Success Summit!...
trying out to be an Ice crew girl!!!
The problem with helping $$ Haiti is corruption. 100s of Millions $ of aide is unaccounted for when the world rushed in to aide tsnami vics.
+1 for firebug. You could also look into web developer toolbar, and ySlow for optimization testing.
why does U.S. House Transportation highway bill address safety of 'older drivers' but not 'teen drivers'?
After a 3 hr walk with Brianna time to relax and drink beer with Les!
awe ): do somethingg.
knows how important cities are for our economy and society. helps cities connect globally, thrive locally
#MelissaMcCarthy is so awesome looking tonight.
Today is Madeline L'Engle's Birthday. She would have been 93 today. She is a member of the NYS Writers Hall of Fame.
the spurs are the most boring team to watch... <U+E42A>
#UArts alum Ed Letven '54 (CERT) Advertising Design's paintings featured in ArtUnleashed. Newspaper profile on Ed today:...
Got a free computer. ^_^
Getting ready for a great morning at the Andover Library! I love getting to hang out with people and give kids a chance to have a blast!
College Football Predictions Afternoon Game:Texas A&M; Okla -500 Money Line and Okla -17.5
wow. Thats... Crazy.
Each thought you have will either be an investment or a cost to you .. It will either move you towards happiness or away from it
I enjoy the fast lane with sudden slow downs to watch female joggers!
Unless decides to marry me. Then I'll reconsider.
Wow. SoulTrain awards gave the gospel award during pre-show. Is that a sign that their keeping the church out of the devils den. Lol
Full House Is On. Bout 2 Go 2 Sleep Soon
Undercover with Oregon state investigators to catch contractors working outside the law. #unit8investigation 11pm
I don't understand what that has to do with me, is this a spam thing?
Business with Ivor - Live from St Albans - Apr 30,2012 Crafting your Facebook profile How to use Facebook - strategy How to integrat
getting my hair done
RT : So 3 armed robberies last night in Cleveland Park/Tenleytown area? That's not good. // y'all be safe
on BET.
To Charleston or not to Charleston?
concretestepsmusic.com for tunes and info.
It's an awesome feeling opening my email and seeing a schedule of street repaving/repairs of D5 roads!
we thought it was pretty cool, too! Thank you for the share!
Looks like a Metro stop!
Throw Westyn in that photo & it would have been far too adorable for my eyes.
I hear the screaming and crying of children.
Dr's orders! Enjoy the nice weather!
Hey west town - your dealer's deliver! Just saw the whole thing on Chi & Elizabeth. Take it easy on Tony's heat & cool - he's high as hell.
Fin de l'episode. Have a great weekend everyone!
I might feel different if I new the exact reason, but who could you find better than D. Fischer to represent the players Union??
Once again: created a handy list of #thatcampphilly tweeps: /thatcampphilly (let know if you're not on it!)
Happiest man in the world right now? ? I think so.
Ye-haa found my favorite peanut butter!! "M ...cut up a fat crispy Apple and smear it with sloppy PEANUT BUTTER snack time!!
Yo bro i think one nerf gun is enough to kill the fake zombies
what up Kiish!
Happy woman day to all the lovely ladies out there
It's game day Marquette!!!
oh darn it, it didn't got to our GS troop yard sale, hm
Remind: tmrw is last Feb Wed, one more chance to have 5% of all sales go to We'll announce our March PROPS ptr Wed, 3/7.
Yea its good. Ive put one together. And i got hella moe beatz too -- Cocoa Tyson ()
when Felton is good he can be really good- like last night. But you got to be good more than 1 in every 6 games. Should go
You spoke incorrectly tonight. You said Ron Paul is flocking to Rick Santorum's positions. There are 0 examples of this.
I did one!!!! haha mines the far right! <3
We need more places to party in MI. LET'S START A PROTEST. LMAO
If i could only meet since hes in Houston i just wanna hear him say brick squaaaadddd ! #Houston lmao i would say it with him
Limit two with the purchase of your entree. Make sure you mention that you seen this on fb or twitter, to cash in on a steal of a deal.
I love you too loser but I hope you know that your love for me won't make me let you keep your life :-)
its cute though isn't it ... the girls pretending to be athletes and espn pretending anyone anywhere cares...
they were like "do we really have to see with a face like :D and were in :)
Good ones.
going camping!
"The most important thing about having goals is having one." ~ Geoffrey F. Abert
Excited to hear Bob Negen of WhizBang! Speak today at the Washington Retail Roundtable!
there was an old Bill, an evil Bill...and I killed him.
Just got tickets for the and game tomorrow! Sitting right where the Heat come out
eh um idk it depends on the time
CONGRATS BABY
family cuddles!
thank you very much! I'm very proud of the progress it is making!
Happy Mothers Day to all the lovely mothers out there! I hope your day is filled with laughter.
Seth Myers: If I come home from Las Vegas & tell my girlfriend "No apologies", I'm pretty sure there's gonna be a follow-up conversation.
We will be taping our music video next weekend AND it will be Bryan Cole, our bassist's birthday!!!! :D WHO IS STOKED?! <3
hey , any chance I could get a short interview with you about GLJ? let me know!
43 minutes later, only answer from verizon: "it will be corrected on your next bill". It better be, or we're dropping all services.
Follow me I follow you how does that sound to you ?
Had an amazing time at the #VNVNation #Concert wish had been there =(
HAHAHAHAHAHHA wait... HAHAHAHAHA RT : You peaked in high school. RT : you aren't funny anymore ):
Mantra: I will keep writing in script format until I get better at it.
Can't wait, can't wait can't wait. Whoulda thunk I'd be so excited to stay in Ohio for a week?!
Sign up for our mailing list today! Visit www.HoustonFlashmob.com and look for the form on the right :)
This tweet goes out to because she always complains that I don't tweet enough. Here you go KK. Happy Now?
thanks man;) glad you like them!
A boyfriend who tell hoes I gotta girlfriend is a real nigga.
Doesn’t it bother you that NBC keeps asking folks to go online during the show? Wouldn’t you prefer they watch it?
Need help with your vocabulary? Check out these 10 sites for help! bit.ly/9IrZTW
If your world revolves around a celebrity or specific person.....you really need to get a life of your own.
I'm now a secret billionaire
I love
dumb ass cold killing me
I need a friend
Just finished posting flyers on the store's window and the gym's windows. Haha. Anything for BLAC! <3 :)
met with in Washington DC today. Thank you for supporting and our service in schools!
our website puts one to sleep. fixing it thrills the soul.
omg same here! cant wait to start sleeping in til like noon
small a la carte plates distributed via conveyor and simple pricing structure
nigga i said come meet my gf dis weekend
today's word of the day is: Pragma
I hope my wonderful wife and kids are having fun cleaning the basement
once again im pushed into the pool<U+263A>
you are the BEST! I remember you helped guide me home on side streets in Nov. 2010
Why does everything in the mini bar have a maxi price?
did you know Brake Specialists Plus has tires? come to one of our Austin locations and we can get you fixed up!
Work on halloween, boo.
Everytime I close my eyes, I see what happened yesyerday over and over and over again. <U+E413>
Be glad: delayed answers are gaining interest.
Be & tinyt back at it like we Neva left , kmsl tell who Eva to take sum from me
A: Ben Isaacson "build privacy controls into your product and respect your user"
I don't have a bank account because I don't know my mother's maiden name.
We are not nor have been adequately employed 2 our ed level.....
Yay! RT : Day one of "Going Local": Bye-bye, #starbucks. Hello ! Thanks for the light roast this morning
Really sad about Whitney Houston being dead i really honored her and no matter wat i we will always love her <3
Hearing loads of sirens at Hollywood and LaBrea. Any idea what's going on?
Webcasting from the club. I love technology. Just another night at the office.
kinda the same. I only keep cards for bullet points. Hate being read to.
I have been hearing a crazy amount of sirens in Arlington tonight....
Headed to big sur!
Dont hold back your love
every single day.. & now out of no where he just stopped talking to me. He doesn't even look at me or anything... I don't even
Ha... you've got to be talking about my sister Jenny! She had such an easygoing sweet little wedding.
Great morning #twitter world
every single person.
The first 50 people out at Anejo's tonight get free chips & salsa to go with bottomless ice water! The Rangers couldn't even beat that deal!
For some reason. I just feel really good about the next three month!
People have already made jokes about Schwarzenegger's "Mr. Freeze" fighting the LA arsonists, right? You can have that idea, Hollywood.
Some of Pheasant Branch is paved, I haven't been to Picnic Point yet this year, but I know they did some updates.
just finished Girl who kicked the hornet's nest. What's next??
Best 2 bumper stickers on the Datsun pickup I just saw: 1) My other car is your mom, 2) Nice Lexus, Dickhead.
Even in the dark baby ima shine bright..
Me too! Just started watching a month ago and on the third season.
please follow me
Ok, this talk is nearly done. Now, how to fit in some Ryan Gosling Works in Publishing meme images...
The heismans have been removed from the cases. Reggie's should also be here...
I swear to God if my mom asks me how to send a message on fb ONE more time I'm kicking her out of the house
Thank God that He has been rebuiliding my self esteem & image from the ground up & i have a new sense of confidence! We win
I need Hulu! AND an Ipad. And New Girl. And to redo my pony tail.
thanks man! Stay safe!
Did anyone else hear the creak of the closet door opening?
I told her we both came in 7th period together hahaha
Who wants to follow the worlds next big comedian? The come on do it now!!!!!!
My feeling is that you were holding back because you didn't want to give away the store at $25/moth. Is that true? Best, Zeb
It was A-Rod until he won a ring.
Trying to fill some last slots in February: February 3, 15, 21, 24. If you want to contribute to this great project, let us know!
good look on the follow... Lorain in tha house
but at the same time.. if that's "influential" I WANT IT! hahahaha!!!!
Agreed on both counts! I'm doing it for SURE next year. His shop is in Pennsylvania. #roadtrip !
you were only there for like 12hours lol
Mad skillz. RT : Falk: Endorsed by both Sierra club and one of the largest homebuilder's club.
YOU'RE SO FUNNY EDGAR. I'm pretty sure the only fan that may be a bigger fan than me is either or
Yikes! You're up early today!
Lost all respect for you.
Again, we'd like to thank the #veterans here at home and overseas who dedicate themselves to protecting our country and our freedom
ikr r we friends now
Any reviews on the #nikon d7000? I'm thinking of purchasing one soon. Or any suggestions on another digital slr?
can you give me advice about snowboarding???Im going snowboarding for the 1st time next weekend & I'm nervous! PLEASE REPLY!!!
why? I'm about 2 go from bb to iphone. Problem?
how selfish to accept an inferior education just because our generation already got theirs!
Loved it. THANKS. That guy was such a jerk for calling her out. Chick has balls. Much respect. I love her.
I watched them beat bucknell. I've also seen WWE at stabler
I heffa be wary of you, comrade..
follow back ;)
Sorry to hear that. Hope that's not the case. :(
Overheard: can I get a virgin margarita? Bartender: lemonade okay?
she said she knew the difference between lovers and friends
I know someone who rocked craigslist today, can anyone guess who???
I love watching your videos. I also love seeing how bomb ass your apartment looks. I love the shoe cubbies.
Great seeing old friends and new faces at #finxsm NY Tweetup last night - cheers to for hosting another good FS Tweetup
ha! Things are not good in the tiger camp
Is that blue steel? You got to be careful with that look!
Im ready for today to be over so i can be my #birthday :)
“: For Monday's Global Mgmt class we're going to the MFA to view art. #SweetClass” Very cool, enjoy!
no but that's ok. I'll just have him sign it when I see him again.
Come hang with us official after party Hotel today and tomorrow. Check out the lineup www.champslv.com!
Syrian activists fight Assad regime with spray paint and stencils - FRANCE 24
I don't know how these Asian ladies do pedicures . Watchin her sand this nasty ass chick's feet down while pieces are hittin her face YUK!
thanks so much! Have you come in yet? Let us know if you do!
Headed to soon. Who's with me? Gonna be a beautiful afternoon.
lol so what not allowed too
I get a lot of spam letting me know that people have been talking bad about me :(
Thanks, Danny
okay i see a lot of you motherfuckers not following me.. #cool i will just unfollow your ass!
So excited about the email I just got! Taking steps toward making this real
Ain't in no hurry today
Tip #105: Who is their favorite target(s)? Re-raise them when they are picking on their favorite target.
Sharing food with another human being is an intimate act that should not be indulged in lightly,
blames being cold on his head's tiresome habit of losing up to 30% of his body heat. good job, there, head!
yes, I am kidding. I know who she is.
just move to portland!
Man I hope the #Celtics smash the
Hahaha still don't know what T Camp is
awww thats cute and different... and i live in atlanta... just a state away... lolz
They are ghetto lol
CHECK OUT OUR FRIENDS! ! We LOVE them!
I caught staring at my ass yesterday, it was kinky.
RT : Bringing back stories.
Hard work pays off
Tell me the truth no lies are necessary
"WE GOT THE STREETS SUCKAS'!!!! CAN U' DIG IT????"-CYRUS"THE WARRIORS"
Hang on Japan. Tomoko, I hope you and yours are ok.
Lol oh now I remember ,I feel dumb
": PRO-cess becomes the default way of speaking. strikes again. :). #incommonsaoh" next its the Toke HAARvest
Slimy smiles slink silently by with the slight smell of seemingly soulful solitude.
was good big bruh
Can't beat free! RT I'm playing at Cityblast tonight in Puyallup, Wa 8pm Puyallup Fairgrounds come on out if you can it's free!
They weren't high at all...and it was totally throwing me over. #Don'tGetIt
150,000 have NBA dads RT : Since talks began this morning over 207,000 babies have been born worldwide.
nice #default photo.
LOL! RT : Kid came to the door in plain clothes except page taped to chest: "404 - Costume not found."
I'm DONE!
So incredibly jealous - why is he so much fun to listen to? #swedish?
One of my favorite people in this world - is my dental hygienist. I don't trust anyone else w/ my teeth. She even takes my calls on a Sun :)
what do you think about Intel's move towards becoming more software focused?
Ohh great...there's a "kitten boom"...a surplus of sweet, soft, fuzzy, baby kittens in Seattle.
Breakin' is probably the funniest and best dance movie ever made!! Love it!
what else do u need lol
If I were Manning I'd pick Tenn or SF. At this point...they're simply closer to winning a title than the Broncos are.
we used to be bestfriends, I miss you :(
holiday heart is on!!!
": On this day in 1862: Slavery is abolished in Washington, D.C. #p2history #civilrights"
The debate happened in front of a room full of Arizona Republicans, aka, the Worst People Anywhere.
Spooky. Just came on to compose hidden message, now this to throw me. Will have to rethink everything.
Made a huge mistake last night. Thanks a lot alcohol.
Thanks for the love, Miss Adrienne! Go Big Red!
MT Reading stories is critical for craft. But so is living stories. The whole world is one big crazy-ass tale. Go. Live it.
Have Problems Walking In High Heels? This video will help you!
Are you guys going to be showing the game today or just NFL?
Can't get out of the car at school bc Ava wants to hear Fergie. Ha!
WOW! Let's all give together today! RT : We raised $3.6M during last year's #GiveBIG, and at 12:31pm today we surpassed that!
Stay tuned for the Brohyde mix tape album...
What y'all bitches up to?
Aw, thanks for mentioning us. We'll surely miss you too.....
Loryn received a special award today the her school made especially for her because of her
I just realized my mom is gonna be in a week!!!!!
Awe ya #mobwives ;)
Listen for HOT, NEW music from Blake Shelton in the New Music Spotlight at 8!!
Anyone work for San Mateo County library? Your drupal site is down.
Now 4 all u NON-Union,or otherwise Union hating pple out there..think about this.If it wasn't 4 American Unions there'd b no paid Holidays
Chicago today for Cinco de Mayo
yay for a new profile background!
Tune in right now! dj Spiral presents "DRIFT: 60 Min of Chill". Tune in at www.electrolouis.com!!
aw thank u
I wasn't gonna drink 4 a month after CIAAs until I realized I am 1/4 Irish & this wknd is the 1 wknd a year I get a pass!
Tragedy Called Truth at Caffe Cottage tonight!
Dinner time a Social House in Las Vegas City Center.
#SmileAustin #CheerUpAustin If you don't tweet a smiley face i'll personally get on a plane to SanAntonio and kick your ass!(:
Made my first GIF today. I feel great about it.
to na settings?
Photo of at #Harvard Law School shows true value of big hair. Amazing.
interesting grape for sure! Happy I tasted some.
#HALLOWEEN WKND - Love@ First Bite on Friday and #HalloweenBall on Saturday where U could win a Trip 2our Casino in
RT : VISUALIZE my CHORIZO in your mouth right now!
you can open the IP over your IGW, so yes!
what is it?
I just had a dinner party. I felt so grown up until I realized I didn't have enough plates or utensils.
im with you 100%!
RT : #txla12 Great session on managing online social reputation. Good tips and sites!
i wish you the best, good luck boo. weezy f, for fuck you.
Watched an old movie last night with my gals #TheMatchmaker. Great line "A man can survive without his wallet, but not without his friends."
We know everyone loves ACE/ACE to start a hand in Poker, but what is your favorite starting #poker hand to play?
kinda irritated but whatever
though not available on dvd the entire series is on netflix
I got candies, orange pop and some poptarts.
Good luck soccer team on your first game tonight!!
Mastery of the unconscious mind is true self mastery.
or UB40 Rock. or Stabbing West Wing. or Diff'rent The Strokes. I see where you're going...
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 15
FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW ANYBODY?
so are the Cheyenne! “: "Black-footed ferrets are really charismatic and really cute." #aam2012”
I think I wanna battle in July...
IM WATCHING WHILE YOU WHERE SLEEPING AGAIN LOVE THIS MOVIE
Today's conversation with consists of texting song names back and forth and not actually being productive.
Who has two thumbs and is officially on the 2012-13 cheer squad?! THIS GIRL!
“: Crowd is booing as they show Mayweather's arrival on the big screens. #RingKings #boxing”people watch to see him lose.
How did it go?
I sought to persuade them to join the cause that was just, the one that sought to uphold the laws of our great country.
Gotcha. I should be down there around 6. Hmu when you get down there
Dude. I need a job, not a date. Ugh mixer fail.
What do YOU picture equality to look like?
It's only a matter of time before they're all burned.
MARY CALL THE AMERICAN EMBASSY!!
How about some Power Yoga tomorrow 7:00 Life Yoga on Magazine?
Hey we just broke 1,000 followers! Much luv 2 every1! We're glad 2 see u understand how funny it is we're called "Hipster" Vegas! U get it.
Played on Time Was-Time Is w/ him, his last jazz CD, GRAMMY nom. Old school & soulful RT : Happy B-day Ray Barretto born 4/29.
Going to Amsterdam in 3 wks. Where should I go first?
Jeff hardy isn't in wwe right now............. #areyouseriousbro!
"swag bitch... that's the way it works." Haha
I would but I just got back from county so I'm super tired :/
I've been one of those persons who never goes anywhere without a thermometer, a hot water bottle, a raincoat, and a parachute
Do you have a link to the event and your website?
How does one go about learning more on SEO practices?
Figured it out! The app seems to prefer if you choose the Advanced Instagram Camera in the settings. Let your users know!
Thanks to for helping us out as goalkeeper. Best of luck to him and his family on the new additions to the family. cc:
Minimal- at least 2x a year. Can do every month. You should try one! RT : how often should you do a cleanse
IN THE STUDIO TODAY.
walking to the pencil sharpener like who cares
A chapstick detector wld be cool but i'd probably lose that too.
Thanks very much! ;)
OD's: Look for creative and effective ways to spend less time gathering data and more time making recommendations to increase $ per patient.
Unfunny! RT“: A Pekingese is the result of the mating of a tufted titmouse and a maggot.”
LMFAO IDK WHETHER TO DRAW THE WINKY EYE OR THE "WORLDS BIGGEST FOREHEAD" ABOVE IT LOLOLOLOL
I've never thought about the investment
loll that Metta interview.
#HISD trustee Juliet Stipheche reads names of GLBT kids across USA who have committed suicide after bullying.
Looking forward to seeing you tonight at 7:30 for our community meeting!
Maryland is one of the wealthiest states in the union. Boy, why are our school buildings in Baltimore so run down?
Any grandmas out there that Got a Big Ole BOOTY
LOVE this!
Ron Paul's foreign policy positions are outright naive and dangerous.
Shut up, meg.
who's going to zumba forsure? I'm going no matter what.
Great movie
RT : TONIGHT 10pm #UIC historian Chris Boyer details researching Latin American history on 's
RT: : ** REMINDER** GS is collecting unwrapped toys for the Massachusetts Department of Social Services now through 12.13
Thanks for the follow.......
Please #ColoradoSprings #Volunteer 2Help kids build playground Wildflower Elem.School 5-7pm TONIGHT Meet Staff
Try to reduce your foorprint daily.
Chris paul is officially in l.a. but it aint the lakers...
thank you for the calendar and kind note (am working on something exciting for 2011)! Best wishes for a Happy New Year!
Just got a container in full of TORC goodies :)
a mess. Bye Plaguelin
Horizon? I hardly know such a thing exists.
Picking out shoes should not be the hardest part of the day. But it is
Brandon Inge doing work walk off home run style. Way to go Tigers!
We're delighted to announce that we were voted #1 in our market for 's Best of #Weddings 2012! Thank you #SanAntonio!
You're amazing. Just the way you are <U+2665>
#ThingsIReallyCantStand When someone automatically assumes you're a hater because you don't like something.
:) love my daddy <3 RT : When dad says he supports me in his cute English &gt;&gt;&gt; :)
I think I know bball pretty well. Kenny just said the Nuggets will be a 4 or 5 seed next year...
80 on Thursday equals a sweaty run and prime tanning!
Finals week always seems to take its toll on my poor highlighters. :/
Watching the #videomusicawards !
you want to shift the gun thefts from cars to backpacks in the student rec center and library? Great.
Puttin in work at LA
Harvard Study: Want to live longer? Trade red meat for fish, nuts, whole grains, and other healthier protein sources, #charity,
Smooching ass hoes, get your own shit & stay out of mine , thanks :)
Griffin and DeAndre are the only players that the #Clippers drafted on the roster. That's unbelievable. You better believe they want this.
NOEL HUGE BLOCK
If I had a dollar for every person I cared about... I would be a poor man.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. Unknown
P.S. They are ridiculous.
i absolutely LOVE it when people you've never met hate you
That is my new rapper name.
You'll have to meet my dad-in-law. Big fan. Rattled walls at Goolsby's one time with screams of "Tennessee!!"
RT : That's a winner! 'Topes hold on for a 7-6 win over OKC. ABQ has now won four in a row and six straight at The Lab!
Thanks, Jeremy. I talked to Justin. They closed the roof. Your house probably had a pretty good shower. Any hail?
Bank roll, bank roll!
They playing all of videos on Vh1soul
Tim Cahill just seems out of his depth. Lots of positions and no policies. Tim Cuthill more like... The politics of pure cynicism!
What's good Julie??
Right back at you!
SO SO SO GOOD. both episodes.
awesome x
i dunno! you said send a picture to you that i want fer my background . just look sumthing up and show me on fb
does the 34 even exist? WTF is going on?
I try very hard to ignore those people. Life is too short! Its hard but I try. Hope you can too & remember many love your work
Good character is more to be praised than outstanding talent. Most talents are, to some extent, a gift.
Ayye message me....:(
re: Facebook, yeah, most apps now require the ability to all post interactions to your wall. It's all or nothing.
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell1
he is a very under rated player!
i actually like a couple songs from bmth. but eh
T-shirt weather!
Why are people so selfish? Want others to feel their pain or want others to have less than them...
that says more then you saying anything lol
Some things are easy to say, hard to do and even harder to realize.
The shitty moment when your blanket gets all turned around, and you can't seem to get it back the right way!
Dined at Bailey's Park Lane in Dallas last night...fabulous!
Would love to chat with you tonight at UXHappyHour about your experience mentoring at
Wow, looks like Greg Gumble ate Greg Gumble.
I'm so sorry I dragged you into this hun but dont worry you'll be out of it soon, i prmoise idc what i have to do ily ok?
Learning great campaign best practice strategies at the United Way of NC's award ceremony in Pinehurst!
ice cream
Get the LED out.
you cant change a hoe into a house wife, unless you let her WORK at home >_____<
Today’s African Proverb (5.12.12) You do not become a chief simply by sitting on a big stool. (Ghana) Like Unlike
URE OBVIOUSLY R HIGH.....": KOBE locked LEBRON up ... is not and never will be CLUTCH #AllStar"
so how are you?
I guess I wont
You can take what is left but the truth is that your love leaves me defenseless.
I Fucking Hate My Teeth
It's a secret! Muahaha. How are you?!
The Cubs fan in you wants to overpay for Humber when he's ready to retire?
I'm guessing Houston. Can't see the Bears claiming McNabb if they didn't Orton, but I've been wrong before. Ahem.
who wants me to follow back? #RT this && i'll follooww you ? :)
Morning tweets! Getting my studying done early!
OMG almost gave me a heart attack about #rachelcrow. And needs an attitude adjustment. What a punk.
For those complaining about Fox News' coverage of Obama's same-sex marriage stance... why are you paying attention to Fox News?
JUNE: Now Booking HMU if interested....
hop you enjoyed it! :)
my fav is "ship with holes will sink"
don't say you miss someone when you're the reason y'all stopped talking.
President Obama *didn't* send just 30,000 troops. He *tripled* the number of troops through several escalations.
If #chill doesn't trend , i ain't gonna be #chill .
Photoshop Tip: To 'flip' an item vertically or horizontally quickly while transforming, right-click the object while in transform mode.
... can u measure the health of our democracy/economy when so much of each is based on lies, manipulation & absent of any value creation?
History of economics lecture = 3 iced green teas
Walk early: If you save your walking until the end of the day, the pressure to get those steps can become a stressful hassle
So much to do!
raise your glass by Pimk
RT #Retweet if you LOVE music!
Got our track shoes on with multiple projects right now! Feels so good!
im pissed my last tweet was in all caps.. that shits annoyin
Tackling is fundamental. #Eagles woes continue. TD
Champagne wishes and caviar dreams
hey Mo you got a US phone number?
I CANT WAIT TO SEE THE
Lunch or coffee Jan 7? Alternate times/dates more than welcome; Just working on getting something out there. ( :
Apologies delayed on the Late night happy hour Crazy here. $3.50 skyy O bombs, $5 Tall Absolut cocktails & $5 grape n stoli o lemonade tall
Oh, please, Lord, let Kim Kardashian bring Kanye to the WHCD!!!
Thank God. Think Marquez is bad? “: Gatusso and Inzaghi leave X. Thank god #Crew96 are out of international roster spots.”
#IfItWasUpToMe i would allow smoking weed in the club im really why the fuk not???
That was the 10th no hitter in Angels history. Awesome.
come to me or I will throw this shoe at you!
"i want to see the bright lights tonight"
Saw an email of yours that was forwarded to an listserv, we'd love to see that Silicon Valley power graphic!
Just finished post on awesome photos from Party Animals/3rd Eye Blind event...now on to the headshots!
Tupac Back? And in hologram form?
We're starting to set up for our sale! Lots of boxes full of great stuff. The sale will be from Thursday (1/12) until Monday (1/16)!
Cee-lo's cat kills me :-D
Thanks for the re-tweet
Spa dayy . Ahh I cant wait for this rub down
Oh yeah, how bout dem SAINTS!!!!!!!! Nice to see Brees, Colston and dem boys gettin it done! I'll drink an Abita to dat win!
Morning run, then Atown!
I told my Mom today that by next Mother's Day, she will be Unemployed. Bcuz Im going to retire her from her job.
That would be fantastic
We've got Florida facing off with Jersey at 7, and Nashville and Detroit at 7:30. Which game do you want the sound on ?
This lottery craze is blowing my mind. Just went to get gas and people are coming here in droves
Dear everyone, please do not cover Curtis Mayfield songs. It is boring and painful.
Go Hawks!
I'm curious what's the breaking news? RT : At press breakfast with The Body Shop (@ Tribeca Grand Hotel)
COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCTS.....completely natural
I love being awake before dawn.
lol I ain't mad they look good.
Black show for tonight Episodes 10 & 12 of Season 1 of "The Cosby Show"
They should tread lightly. They are very close to smashing final cut to little broken apple bits, and NOW is the time to killit
I think it goes for any airport... People watching is amazing
I think this might be fun? I heard a cover of Waiting Room they played live and it was hilarious. Flea was into that bass line!
I KEEP GETTING DISTRACTED!!!! D:
The practice of medicine is a thinker's art the practice of surgery a plumber's. - Martin H. Fischer
Every kiss begins with rape.
HAPPY 11TH BIRTHDAY TO MY LITTLE BROTHER <333
fastest 10k I have ever run and at el-a-vation #WiskeyRowPrescott I just finished a 6.44 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I've never been hurt this bad..ever. I'm done with living...
Museum of Printing in Houston has 1,200 letterpress typefaces. Cool!
anytime babe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Someone make Mat Musto, Tyler Carter, and Artist Vs Poet tour together before I explode!
Ask us stuff!!
RT : "Eating without wine on the table is not eating completely." - Lidia Bastianich <------ So true!
UFC 145 End of Round 2 - That was clearly Jones' round. One kick/elbow by Jones can change the tone of the fight
I can't get sick on my birthday weekend!
I said the same thing! Adam was pressured w time when the fans were demanding a single. He released a song that was most like WWFM
Halloween madness!
Just heard my sisters music program is getting partially cut next year. Not cool.
if I could I would marry you because I love you! <U+2665>
some shit like American Actor; Comedian and it had a picture of him
pressure the govt? If you try to send rockets my way - I will kill you myself-Stop terrorism then we sit down &talk-I bringcoffee.
I gave up liquor for the last week and find that I'm superhuman-ly alert and vascular. Not sure I like what this means:
Just seeing if you were still in Joplin.
You guys, I have grey, leopard-print skinny jeans perfect for #trampytuesday!
after today, I have 12 days of school left! #Horray!
Just paid $2.10 of tolls in pennies.
"relevancy drives revenue" - love it!
FRENCH 1020?!?! jealous... just make sure you come back so we can go to boring, old american grad student-y 1020
CJ should have kept the ball to shoot the freethrows nbs...
Seven new members were elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday. www.coachescorner.com
writers block at the very end of the song. typical.
“We’re Sorry This Call Cannot Be Completed As Dialed”…First “Answer” Received By Alexander Graham Bell. (1876)
Thanks for spreading the word!
Man, you sound like somebody I know
My mouth of melting.
see ya in a few!!
is concerned that no matter how well he explains an accrual, some people will never understand!
That piece made me want to go back and turn every page of Power Broker - so interesting
I do not want to dieuntil I have faithfully made the most of my talent and cultivated the see that was placed in me until the la
I know the problem. Really enjoying the book though. :) So many books, so little time.
Its still Celtics on mine we will sweep these # bums
Don't fall in love...she's a beauty. Love 80s on 8.
Our Features:
WILL I EVER GET A FOLLOW FROM WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO
who's up for Country night @ Mad Dog Saloon ?! We are ! Tuesday Night ! 8-12
Had a nice convo. Not many times I can do this and enjoy it.
Lmao... That's like a guy w a 3inch dick talmbout "yea baby u know I got that footlong!"
i don't have time to wait till Friday for Friday.
Ok tell me why when i always get on twitter all i do is read and laugh at tweets #IAmSadSadStory &
Fortier getting credit for that one
MONEY ON MY MIND... LET ME SPEND MY THOUGHTS ON U! #$$$
Anyone wanna invite me to google+
Tinkerers need space to access resources, create, and connect to community of peers/mentors. Opp for libraries a la YOUmedia?
You have a new business you want to get started. We get it. We can help you share your ideas with the world. Let's just talk about it.
pussay gets wet like the ocean in which people surf. Therefore, I am the God of rap.
All the Benjamins you let me count wealth and health for my family, and lettin' me ball on these niggas.
this game Doodle Jump is pissin' me off.
So far so good.. its a lil sloppy on both ends
singing my jam!!
absolutely. I just stood in an elevator. Fully geared.
My brudda is finally home <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764> ehh
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him. ~Leo Aikman
If you like an item, don’t wait to buy it because it may not be there next time.
Lakers are d.o.a. if the former Mamba is their star player. D12 seems like the one cat who might like that dope Mike Brown
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.~ James Beard
I got nothing.
I missed Austin's ustream! :(
. - what the hell happened to Chandler Bing???
hahahaha.... somewhere, siever is seething with anger over the bad weather report... :)
may 28 ill be there
Don't forget the Toy Drive at Miller Chev in Rogers tomorrow! 10a to noon! Toys go to Mary's Kids at Sharing and Caring Hands.
Who is out in #Vegas tonight!?
We will see, I definitely am not worried about Walls defense however.
We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives. -Les Brown
any chance you were invited to both?
Haven't been able to stop listening to #DirtyWork It's AMAZING!
Agree, APIs tend to serve a broader set of use cases whereas SaaS apps tend to be focused on a more specific problem/solution.
yeahh(: ahah did u see the WMYB parody from the key of awesome?
Put the phone down. Go for a run.
About to attend orientation for my major!! So excited!
Contrasting textures, in dark neutrals and muted jewel tones, define Rebecca Taylor's effortlessly cool fall '12 collection.
BRO. I'm down. YEA BUDDY.
all I have now is a heart full of words left unspoken
of course we think you are beautiful too.
Oh okay, I guess (?) I'm glad to hear that?! Anyhoo, miss you like crazy. Merry Xmas baby girl, hope to see you more in 2012xo
"The Alustra Collection" by Hunter Douglas,,,Just Beautiful!!!
such a great fucking song, man.
R.I.P. Mike Montgomery
Day off today. Accomplished so far: breakfast, laundry, opening a box.
For every five seconds I dont have flapjacks, i shall break one window
Which theory states that people learn how to commit crime at various stages in their life?
HAHA!!!! I have conquered the six panel closet door...again. Bring it you heavy ass wood freaking door. BRING IT!!!
Swore fingers >>>bubble wrap.
thank you for taking such good care of us!
I only know this because my teammates are now the coaches....
I am too! I'm standing at the c hall stairs by the gym ! Come!
My family just tried to clean the kitchen with our magical powers... Why am I not a #wizard ?
You're welcome. :)
The last US troops have left Iraq. Here's to the heroes' safe journeys home to their loved ones, their countries, and their biggest fans.
Woah, haven't been on here in forever.
If you are nauseous, you make others sick. If you are nauseated, you are sick. Simple. Do neither.
Stage Reading this MONDAY @ Aljira 591 Broad St. #Newark NJ (Director)
yea for sure.. thats whack. i'm sorry that sucks!! I think youll do fine tho
You said it girl RT : Advice for life: Let's not be the girls who wait in the wings because we are actually spotlight women.
Seeking Area Supervisor in Niles,IL. Goto rossstores.com
Not bad for an NBA-less town! ;)
Thanks for following ~ looking forward to following you too! Have a great day! Cindy K
Sad News RT : Saddened to hear of the passing of formre Boiler Bill "Moose" Skowron. He was a 6-t MLB All-Star & 5-t WS Champ
If anyone has trouble finding the key to my heart, I keep an extra set under the stones in my kidney.
Nun at the park..wat u up to?
Believe Marek is right but seem to remember NYR wearing regular road blues and Lady Liberty back in '97
Bye bye, Miss American Pie.
Surely what all that means is that I need to go to bed. So perhaps I'll do that.
We're celebrating #TravelTuesday with the perfect picnic:
What i think of my grades: F=no biggie D=ehh C=good B=awesome A=i am amazing!...
I work, but start at 11. Hopefully I'll be off in time to party!
What a night Cowboy win, and now I'm pretty sure I just felt an earthquake!
Lil wayne taught me that if you're drowning in the pussy you can just swim to the butt ..
it's very old fashion, fun & cheeky!
I blame post-modernism for giving license to and applauding esoteric language, MFA factories, and non-aesthetics
$5 for one, $8 for two! And maybe like $1 for shipping? Want some? :)
I havent done my nails in almost two weeks. This is a record
yea me n Jake have a secret cuddle place.He meets me there when ur sleeping
Yes are u?:) I miss all my friends:/
I go to superintendents in each school system and get permission to go to each school in the system. many schools
The mid-afternoon bird would get the worm if not for the fact that it's nest is made from bits of memory foam.
Amazed at lack of planning trains putting 2 coach train on route with reduced service due to engineering. #fail #rammed !
I'm going to have to come up with a new question. Our two winners can't come this Sat. So be on the look out for a chance to win!
Good catch! Updated the page, also updated it to 5 million downloads, and added our new RecipeScan feature.
congrats on your award :) you're lucky to have such dedicated angels ;)
Follow us on twitter
Where should I stay in San Francisco? says that you can give me a free room. :)
yeah, worst episode this season.
Can't wait for Caps Game 5 at Verizon on Saturday night...um....wait a mintue.
S/O 2 All My New Followers New Music Coming Soon :)
I guess that list of places I'd most like to live in the Midwest is Michigan, distantly followed by Cleve, twin cities, and maybe Wisconsin
the upside, however, is. twitter is stream of consciousness...group consciousness. Useful when balanced.
It pisses me off when people tell me they go through their boyfriends phone, one you have no trust, two you are a bitch, three you're dumb.
Come watch the Sounders away match on Saturday at 5:30pm and enjoy a cold Redhook No Equal Amber Lager the official beer of the ECS.
i totally agree w. yuh!(;
OH wow. I didn't even know Yelp was making tweets on my behalf.
Jeez Mariners.
I might be able to fit in my scarf and mini umbrella, but probably not much more.
...It wastes both our time
Alas in an exploratory--as I'm one to dislike "been there, done that" vibe anyhow--phase of life that doesn't fit 140 characters too neatly.
One of the best ways to develop a strong sense of inner peace is to take the time to discover your deepest personal values and passions....
preach. i'm so over him
The lack of oversight in this multi-billion $ industry is frightening. is trying to change this.
Finally a video project ! This will be fun ;D
#NUMBERGAMEEEE! Must following & tweet me your number +
Holy fuck shit... BAD GIRLS CLUB REUNION PART 1 ON RIGHT NOW! LET'S GET THIS SHIT FUCKING CRACKING!
Dam I wasnt even talking about Them. But thats fuked up to know someone actually took they phone smh
and this is one of the many reasons why I love ya xx :)))
You can aspire to be what you are not, but quit pretending to be what you are not.
What address do you want us to send you drawstring bag to?
. When do the "Simply Seager." or "Leave it to Seager" shirts come in?
true haha. Hopefully people like my suggestion more.
So I wish would follow me... its kindaa impossible buut he's on a following spree((:
M... Hungry for steak tonight? Visit George's!
i hope we strike in leg #2 :) Good luck skeeter. Cheers to a great weekend and a hot start to the weeks bets with
pratice make perfect perfect make paper
forgot to tell you I heard it and it sounds dope.
another merit badge night at scouts: kids running their mouths, not getting enough done.
Just tapped Great Divide Nomad Pilsner.
T-2 hours until #Easter!
I'm so glad I don't have to hear gary all day
I'm on that work flow
wat do u mean by snappy
- Thanks for the Tips
Just so bored with out watching movies :)
Josh Hamilton came out tonight like he`s on dope.
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously rolling up the weed the best
At&t - FAIL yesterday. Lost in Carteret, NJ. No signal for gMaps. My colleague on VZW the WHOLE time. It's the NJ TP, not Route 66!
sorry cindy. I call em as I see em, but you by far are the prettiest weather lady on the air.
hey everyone! how has ur day been going? anyone have a song idea?
Wish me luck
where is Attila fighting tonight? THanks!
My mother loved the edible arrangements and them heels.
The awkward moment on class when you sneeze and nobody says god bless you.
Big thanks to Michael Bills for kicking off #OSUResearchDay (Guess it should be Days). More posts/pictures/videos to come tomorrow.
I didn't get any chocolate :( what the
Happiness is the catalyst for you to get what you want.
Now I have a machine gun. HO HO HO.
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO
were going holcombe hill tomorrow too for jam butties and a chill :) so u can come with us then x
I believe so, as well... Here's to hoping we're right! Do you like Romeo as HC? If not, who?
or register a new card using the *exact* same account info, follow instructions to combine accounts.
A cold beer and a burrito sounds damn good right about now.
ha ha when i was in so cal i felt like casper compared to everyone. n more of a freak with the sunglasses n hat!
Today's lesson: It does not matter who you are, there is ALWAYS a line you cannot cross.
I'm excited to bring my nephew to your concert tonight! He's super pumped!
O.O
I drive off straight desire pushing through obstacles for what I want. How bout you?
Caps/Rangers game 3 action is incredible. NHL playoffs are the shit.
RT Trailer: Something From Nothing: /Looks good to see someone like Ice speaking to these cats. "lethal weapon"
Thank you! I thank the conductor who let me shoot photos out the the train's rear window. Book coming out soon—want to get involved?
Y yo que?
RT : I'm struggling to see how people could be "over" a war criminal.
it is so funny
Refs hurting us more
I think Andrew Luck 2012 and Bill Polian 2011 have the same odds of joining Twitter.
Like our page? Share us with your friends! We always want to spread the word as far as we can about Florida KidCare health insurance!
still have never been to the house of waffles :(
hell yea!! Go Bears & RG3!!
Check out a very cool dude as well
: RT Phase two is complete. Brunette power - welcome in our club!
RT IF YOU LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER <3
don't you just love my tweets about shoes? I am so deep! Deep in my wallet that is!!!
Are we ready for a great discussion about instructional design?
I'm blessed that I can afford it but still!
Here's to stay hydrated & safe personal best time & a tan 90degree day.
who's ready for this laker game tonight?
it's been 2 hours and ihavent done my homework ha (:
this is true. Its a good century to be in haha.
thats pretty awesome lol i cnt get on a cpu who are the ones u saw followin me?:)
A very Good meeting with my producer.
If u got a question 9 times outta 10 I got an answer
I just want you to know who I am.
that's my shitt!!!!
“#Shoutout To All The Women Who Honestly Dont Give A Fuck What Irrelevant Ass People Say About Them, Do You Let Them Talk, #LiveFree”
im good, i just ordered some sarpinos!! wbu
makes me the happiest of the boys.
ALL FOOD IS "SCRATCH MADE" AT SOME POINT. I hate Fieri.
Mall later:D gonna be rockin my Vlados!
er patio. Ain't special
OMG he unreal bro he super raw
Aw it would be so adorable if selena tweets just saying happy birthday an says baby
did you reply to a different tweet? Not sure how analysts relate to our mobile meetup this evening?
I wanna specify about last 2 days of tweet wars: I don't think all "conservatives" act like that. Any label can be co-opted for foolishness.
YOURE SO PRETTY, OMG TRADE FACES WITH ME.OMFG
Smart people know everything. Wise people know everyone.
Just added celebrity Mia St. John former lightweight boxing champion and playboy model will be signing autographs Friday and Saturday
that's my bottom 2 too RT : either Holly or Joshua is going home..
...with #swing rhythms of the blues that melody our day. © dmp
Have to feel bad for Steve Blake, #Blazers are a mess
... which is to say that there ARE industries still in the dark ages, but a tiny nose piercing for a college interview is FINE.
can you be more transparent? Is season 1 & 7 of Star Trek: TNG gone for ever or only a short while?
everything about that scene was awesome: Sherlock/Mycroft, Capt. John Watson, Asian dude, & timing till they get caught…BRILLS
I just saw #trackpalsforlife and thought of you and now I'm sad. And mad. And sad...
It's going to be a big week for #ATLTB11 8 catches for 139 yards and 2 TDs! Count it!
Just saw a guy fall out a window on chestnut and hang by his neck for a film shoot.
If you do not get teary eyed watching Posada's retirement you arent a true #yankees fan. I already miss number 20!
Madison's <3333
The gospel means much more than the personal salvation of individuals.It means a social revolution.
miss u too babe! Happy hour this week???? :-)
oh. That's on the northern end of the community. Is that still considered SW or West?
Need a reboot...took a stroll in Balboa park. Beautiful day
Wild rumpus goes silent. RIP Maurice Sendak. Thank you for setting many dreams free.
Looking forward to hearing about OSCI @ Mus Div session in Toronto. I'll say hello!
Lol then ill die of hypothermia RT : haha. Take a cold bath!
MWIP trying to test .01s again...
Waking up ass early on a Saturday to go to the clowning, while sick. Another day, I suppose.
So, i learned tonight, even know im a Old pimp... i still got it...lol,
Imprompu Suns game with :) so happy to be in AZ!!
MARC 517 pax all transferred to Amtrak 151, not moving yet
Had a great vacation in Canada. Vancouver is certainly gearing up for the Olympics. It is going to be great. Happy Holidays everyone!
Childhood - this is a happy time, when running to the toilet at night and feel glad that you did not eat
Yeah...I dig that our fire trucks say 'East End.' :)
ay shauty, will you go to da bauder senior fashion show wit me
Gods blessing is recession proof.
Seriously, it's like Pandora reads my mind.
its going well! I'm nervous and excited at the same time! I'm in crunch time!
I'm more in danger of dying in a car dancing-related accident than nearly anything else.
#questionsthatdontgetanswers Do I look fat in this dress? I'll never know!
hope u get better
Oh right. BTW, I didn't know the royal family had managers but it makes sense. Can you introduce me to Kate?
Some #journalists did some serious traveling to get here, some from overseas. I thought the Fisher students busride from Rochester was bad.
Transcribing in the library today and it's much more quiet than normal. Bliss!
I finished the 5K Dragon Dash this morning in 33.44. Not bad for a lady who had a baby 10 weeks ago. Nice having cheerleaders on my route.
i cant get "hey there Delilah" out of my freaking head... what the actual fuck.
Thanks for the shout out! Have a great day!
Wow!! Everyone needs to go see the movie "The Help"!!!!! Amazing!!!!!
Coach Epps is dropping some knowledge over here
Bleh...School today and concert tonight:/
So why support these fuckers when they can give a rat fuck about you? Yet we still fill there pockets
Omg, your fucking avi. Can I just have you already!?!?!
Ryan Perry could do that too.
I got sides in my rides and the motion for ya ocean / Coolio got the potion to get the party open --Coolio
En route to an epic dance party with Girl Talk!!
I've got so much love to give
Gives me reason to watch SA gms. RT : If the Clippers advance, the Chris Paul-Tony Parker match-up is going to be incredible.
A Polish dentist removed all her ex-’s teeth when he came in for tooth pain. He’s lucky she wasn’t a doctor & he was in for a vasectomy
#nowplaying He Won't Go, Adele
Success relies on getting excellent at saying no without feeling guilty.
RT : Kids under 19 no longer denied coverage for pre-ex condition – thanks health care law!
Let's wait until he sees docs in NY before we start shipping his locker to Cooperstown #u know what they say about "assume"
Takes one to know one.
Whenever I get into Twitter trouble, I refer to He handles things with humor & a brief.
Omg...need a weekend to recover from the weekend!
The longer I live, the more I realize the impact of attitude on life.
Happy Birthday!!!!
'Tween - well do the math - just getting them pointed in same direction is a victory
RT : singing as an a act of theory!
nope it's weird...lol.
Download the NEW DamnGurl app! And just like last time, it's also FREE :)
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new - Henry David Thoreau
Taking a break from #editing. Hope all my tweeps had a good weekend.
I'm about to give away a lot of these clothes that I barely wear. Someone else could use it. I wish I knew someone who really needs them.
that's a fascinating article on American football and a great job articulating a thought that's definitely going around.
Sushi, com !
People at school make fun of me because I love But I will be a #Mahomie4Life :) #DedicatedFan <33 Love you Austin!!
How deep is your love...
aftermath: so much overload of awesome that i really don't want to leave the hill today. Or bed.
What's the most efficient way of shipping shoes??
Would like to thank Carma for getting him back to Baltimore from San Jose (Carma = Southwest employee, not the cosmic force)
As a dancer Kaiser Wilhelm II is not a success. He is stiff as a ramrod. He whirls with great rapidity, causing broken shins & torn costumes
#InSchoolTheresAlways one stupid student in the class who reminds the teacher that we had homework and #iReallyHateWhenPeople say that
I love how GOP accuses Obama of being anti business when he never speaks against business. He just leaves the blanks for them to fill in.
Thierry Hendry a NY Red Bull and more to come?
guys you should lisent to abigail by motionless in white is amazing!!!
This mentor a freshamn appl. asks for your GPA, man i bet its pretty low...
So did you win tickets?
Yes where mine ends up :)
hey anyone know if you can sell feces sculptures on etsy? (im asking for a friend.)
we be tryin! you gonna help!? ;)
ite. You aint got no females who drive
I totally agree, Paola.
"Hashtags are metadata for your tweets." Or, librarians explaining twitter to other librarians.
's brother is coming home!!
“: the CheekyYinzer on cask is hands down one of the top 10-15 beers I've ever had#PCBW”
So tired. Late for work. Probably still gonna stop at ChickFilA.
I didn't know was a rapper!? Pretty sweet music!
Some pretty neat stuff, especially photos on metal.
happy mothers day and happy almost newbaby to you!!
yes! You'll love it!
One hour from the first pitch of opening day!
Joe said months ago that RReagon won reelection W/unemployment @ 7% maybe Obama can lower 8.3% to 7.7%
Omg me and have the same birthday. Happy birthday Ms. Luckett!
Chicken wings and fish fillets
Jake. I will miss you. You were always there for me. Through ups and downs and now your gone. I love you forever and always.
Thanks for the RT Hope to see you tonight!
I'm saying fuck it, get the Benz. I only live once
Twitter sure has some adorable people out here;)
Getting in superman shape.
Great night
yeahh i pretty much died when i first saw it.
Tonight! : Rammstein and : Pouch w/Antique Scream
All this hate...Lakers fans, Heat fans, Celtic fans, OKC fans....can't we all just get along??....well no, just thought i'd ask lol
Going to the Crossing. Join us. With KC, Laura, and Jac.
Getting the side kick 4! ;D
I just got this mention .. I dont act like I'm the only one who goes thru it, but idc about anyone else honestly. Its school.
Yeah most definitely RT “: thats why cali is better :-)”
GOOD MORNING XX
hahahahahahahaha I laugh whenever I think about that now! Im just a cobra at heart...<U+E52D>
The biggest challenge in writing is __________
if I see one more fucking shoe on my newsfeed -__-
Hopefully your insurance company is better than mine was. I got nothing.
Mchara mc kay"one life" is a awesome song that is smooth with groove..
SWOP also has tickets available to the SexCon for $25 each...portion of proceeds benefit us! Email for details.
I'm impressed by the new GM so far.
We doin it big Baltimore!
John Paul DeJoria is the co-founder of Patron & JP Mitchell Co.My facial recognition skills are better than I thought.
Looking forward to sampling some of that homegrown honey at #JingleMingle for CASA thanks to Luscious Laurent Honey!
IT'S ALWAYS THE VERY FORTUNATE PEOPLE THAT TEND TO COMPLAIN THE MOST!!!
Thanks, Gary, so very much. Tweeted your page:-))
LOVE it. Huskies couldn't ever use that plate frame tho... They WERE actually win-less just a few years ago. Ha.
cool i gota muffin
According J.J. Cooper of Baseball America, Wil Myers could see a call-up to Triple-A sometime soon.
miami gone mess around and loose this game
You guys have to check out this guy he makes the best art ever
The tigers suck again... F
Thank you Phoenix
Sure, but still dumb for him to try to justify it, no? Keep the unspoken traditions unspoken.
Just got some amazing raspberry Lion Heart Kombucha for another fun beverage for the First Light Trunk Show with
The Horns lead 24-16 after 3. One quarter to go in this rivalry before atm runs away.
Nice scoop at first by whatshisface.
You're so lucky that you got to meet him!;D I'm so jello'! like im not even kidding! o;
loves the chi
zines or magazines?
Somethings will never change...
Aw thanks! <3
herd that was just your appetizer
Thanks for following
Your greatest fortune is the large number of friends you have. - Play Alganon
A merely fallen enemy may rise again, but the reconciled one is truly vanquished.
idk if he gots feelings either but im prob chillan wit him today which would be cool
DS: Even though we lost, I'm still rocking the Fu Man Chu for a few days in support of Joe Flacco. My dude played his fucking ass off!
thats a good friend right there ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I've gotten use to there being no #Austream's EVERY Friday... But it makes me sad cause I dont know if there ever will be another normal one
If your girl thinks a pay phone is. Pay as you go cell phone she's too young for you
Just saw Art of Video Games at ; any exhibit that brings visitors together should be considered successful. Well done!
Everyday, more money is printed for Monopoly sets than for the U.S. Treasury.
About to see The Avengers! Sneaked in margaritas!
All Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon participants get a quality Adidas tech shirt. They are gender specific.
Jay reatard doc at the roxie RIGHT NOW!
dat nigga GB really garbage. Lol. He is the LUCKIEST person ever though
Great choice, Angie!
I WANT A NEW PHONE. <U+E059>
do not let my fiancé see this...seriously.
Thanks. I will have some artists soon. I'm doing a biweekly video on 30 artists under 30. Please send people to me if possible
he sells trades as well
Just woke up in OK this place is to peaceful
La Guerta still sucks.
I must have missed the Big Campaign promoting the name "Seth" but all of a sudden it's more common than "John."
False. RT I tell my boyfriend I'd never kill him because I don't have the stomach to chop up & dispose of the body.
so excited for the fashion show tonight!! :) thanks again for organizing everything Kaley!
ur are incredible! dont mind what Haters say, theres less of them and more of us, we <U+2665> u Danielle, ur Beautiful and Flawless
jeesh the things i do for you.. haha makin the crip get up to get her phone charger!
. . Let's move forward not backward.
You own a whole town?
...amazing ski weekend , back to work. Sigh.
Blueberry pancakes from hell
U can't fix stupid ( I want 2 like Mitt but he is so F***ing stupid)
What a great Google logo today. And you can actually play it! Happy 30th birthday, pacman!
Good fight.
Look who is playing Mrs Bates!
I saw you at Secret Headquarters today, but was too cool/respectful/much of a pussy to say "Hello." So, DC guy or Marvel guy?
Anyone have any suggestions for iPad apps that allow you to view, edit, etc. Google Docs?
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
Just finished an hour long core workout that I know is going to haunt me tomorrow;-) Hoping to improve my paddling this year.
You've made a very good choice. Hahahahaha!
awh thanks girl!(:
It may not be interesting basketball, but it's still basketball.
+1 RT #GoMobile "You do not have to have a mobile-optimized site to advertise in mobile. Use mobile landing page. Brilliant.
Anyone use Twitter with middle school students? Looking for lessons, activities, ideas to introduce to 7th & 8th gr students.
Glamour and fashion #photoshoot this weekend. Can't wait for Sunday
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows,In every rill a sweet instruction flows.Edward Young
Rabaul, Papua New Guinea, Bismarck Archipelago
I feel like we should have badges or something : )
Negative, Sergeant.
3 finals down, 2 to go and then I'm DONE forever!
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia! In Philly meeting with and the exploring Philadelphia Art Museum.
The Giants schedule leaked...will they still sell tickets?
Pair programming with on Travis CI () via skype - not a bad way to spend a Saturday
We'd like to hear your answers. Are you brave enough to go on camera?
How about you let a group of students put a SM policy together?
This is the longest short week EVER.
R.I.P Miss Whitney Houston...
Happy Mom's Day! RT : For Mother's Day, win 5 Kindle downloads of BLOODED! Email:
Hey , your Lemon Squeeze yogurt is rockin' my world!
Be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse 'I love you'. Never let your prayin' knees get lazy, and love like crazy.
This week at the #Grammys, next week San Antonio, Texas. So excited to see at the rodeo!
Dad: You're a dork! *laughs and walks away* Me: I guess I'm a whale's penis :l
It's called spamming me in my inbox.
I love sun too, but don't mind a nice cool day once in a while. Those who want 80-90 & sun every day should live in AZ or CA.
poor real estate investment to begin with especially if you know you might be in the mood to throw stones someday.
okay, same here. i think 12-8 saturday
looks like you got your tickets congrats!
just when you have it, you don't
forgot fun it is to chill with and
One class tomorrow! so excited to be finish!!
S/O to everyone who wished me a happy bday! Thanks! :)
Is it weird that I'm kind of looking forward to the traffic? That's the charm, right?
Two more days until I'm a permanent New Yorker. Excited to build memories with
yeah bro i have to, the whole team should be there
i feel like i havent tweeted in foreeevvverrrr.
hi how are you
Chillin with Shaun White and Tony Hawk in BH. It's times like this I wish I could have at least SOME skating skills.
I'm in PHX!
'Twas a crime of opportunity. That yellow-eyed Booth took advantage of dereliction of duty by Mr. Lincoln's guard that evening.
lol I don't know him but based on your tweet he's a hit
Thanks for the RTs Easy Rider!
Why can't you just do this one thing for me.
I will never stop being a student it is way to fun!
Music is love in search of a word. ~Sidney Lanier
i love a bright neon pedi at the start of "summer"
Thanks for a great night Great food, great beer, great location.
I'm pretty sure I might know who this is about..
as a guy who calls up advertisers of programs he doesnt like to complain. I remember him doing that to shows I liked
hahah just had to show ya(:
Always. It is what it is what a tough draw to come back to for him. Ugh. One-match-at-a-time is the mantra.
“: When I let go of what's not meant to be, I clear a path for good stuff to find me!” Enough said.
Former Divas Champions Collide
spent it at home alone. Studying for AP tests. Saw my mom for maybe an hour or two lol. How was yours?
I have next week and the 1st week of June open for choreography. Inbox me, let's dance!
Thursday Night Special: Lamb Burgers w/ Feta Dill Sauce and choice of side! Come get some before they're all gone!
See you here for our dinner special and a beer (or wine)! $3Domestic; $4 import. Full & 1/2 Carafs of house wine avail.
Omg my mother -_- me:mom! The lightz red stop! Mom;is there a cop me;no mom;*takes off* !!
Make $ from content you create!
I know you don't roll, but trust me babe, you wanna be high for this.
All fulfillment comes from within.
Google it! It's hilarious.
yea i didn't think so :(
Check out the Plectrum Artist Series radio show 2nite at 10p on citywide blackout thru cyberstationusa.com feat act is Scott Strazzullo
Oh, you look so beautiful tonight. In the city of blinding lights <U+2764>
Gotta love the energy behind can't wait for the launch. Tweet us events to cross promote!
Walk was sketchy, I car slowed down next to me. Almost peed my pants. I'll make it all the way to your place next time
I remember i used to skate ...yooo back when it was a fad but i loved it...me X & Izzy back in Brooklyn..til Hindu fat ass broke my shit
My hair today <<
When you move me, everything is groovy. I swear to yah; ill be their for yah. This aint no drive by.
May the fourth be with you.
Had a delicious today, Going to be a good day!
u KNOW he checks it at halftime...duh lol
INFO SESSION TONIGHT @ Beth Am Cong. 2501 Eutaw Place, 21217. We begin promptly at 6:30! Just bring yourself and a pen! All are welcome!
um yes, yes you should
I'm so excited! Great job!
ctfu hell yeah
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
Thanks Gail!
#ward5se #dclc As daughter of a Black mother/Puerto Rican father, & mom of 2 children that attend bilingual schools, ty for today's event.
Awesome day at the K.
We were, it was beautiful today! Anyone else? RT : Hey y'all! Who's out on the Oak Leaf Trail today?
Check us out in richmond this saturday
thanks Ciera. Enjoy it
CAM annual meeting and Trade show is at Motor City Casino on February 2nd, make plans to attend the one day only event!!!
Awake. Pong with and Ate Jessica. Haha. You don't even know dawg. Oh no back to sleep!
Off To Softball (: <33
6 BAD (oops) ACTIVE kids about to board our flight. ALL passengers faces - PRICELESS! LOL! Every1 praying they're NOT sitting near them! LOL
Me too! The potato bug calling! I didn't learn roly-poly until I was older.
lol, that's crazy. I only have 5 days next week but I work both dayside and nightside on two of them. -___-
I'm in the mood to sit at home and eat ice cream.
U and I ROCK
Wonder if they'll see this tweet(: Worth a shot,
User review site for nonprofits via greatnonprofits.org
will do!
I got u cuz... U already kno
Ultimate Home Healthcare in Clearwater has CFO, Director of Finance and Billing Coordinator openings; fax resume to (727) 507-8967
teamwork bro
thats cool. i just thought for a little and it came in my brain:D
SAME. GET ME FOOD
how was PR?
Last Rams game of the 2011 season.
damn you
In the hope to meet Shortly again, and make our absence sweet. ~ Ben Jonson
Frat party going Hamilton.
this is one of my biggest dream! I just can't really lose this.
just bought florence + the machine tickets! can't wait to rock out to my redheaded spirit mother.
RT : When things don't go your way, remember they are going God's way, which is better for u than your way! Let go & have fun!
Love is a tear. Love is a smiley. Love is a hug. Love is a kiss. Love is a word. Love is the all world! <U+2665>
when will you be in San Antonio
These days i live a square life....its way too many snitches in these streets...no loyalty whatsoever.
BOOM let it out now!
What the hell happened to 's job?! Lol
plus you bruise too easy and I don't wanna catch a case.
Not a single fart joke on the show. Nothing being pulled out of any orifices either. It will be very familiar yet different.
Next series of tweets are from a faux-press conference in my #ENGL308 class. They are not real.
Maybe you could tell us since you're apparently eating them.
Always know your worth and never ever appologize for being yourself. Have a great day.
don't do it
we'll let it slide this time. Not eating warm, vanilla-spiked waffles encased in caramelized pearl sugar is punishment enough!
LMFAO THAT WHY I PUT EXCUSES UP WHEN ITS SITTING TIME.. I MAKE SOMETHING UP TO MY SIS BUT I LOVE THEM THOUGH HAHAH
We hope not too, the past two years it has rained though! :(
Lmao So My Bus Driver Told Us We Gone Have To Find Another Bus , Corey Said No Ma'am You Gone Have To Drive Another Bus Lmao Only Him
happy bday beautiful . Sorry I'm late was working
Best You can do for your family & friends is to see them more often.We can get You anywhere for LESS! We guarantee it! www.FreeXpedia.com
Call officials screw up a lot. Dude is under the rim and draws an over the back.
haha! The show on Monday is for a battle of the bands, so there's no VIPs unfortunately, but we'll get you one for a show :)
I am. Hi! Let's touch base after!
Gerrard's hat trick was nice!
#RelationshipsAre lame. ppl are always with the wrong person. lol
R.I.P. Ronnie James Dio
The awkward moment when you see felipe santiago at publix.....
I remember when u use to be able to watch TV, all u needed was a tv
Listening to demos of old songs, I'm gonna release these. People need to hear them.
RT “: Heart of a hustla, mind of a g”
I can't cause I don't know how to defy gravity
Taking a homework break to work on my tan.
All the world's dads are on a boat. One goes "HOT ENOUGH FOR YA?" Resulting bellylaughter causes a tidal wave that fully submerges Sri Lanka
#partynight!!! It's gonna be a rough night but I'm still gonna have a good time :D
Hogan is our new mascot for SoBiz Network, leave some comment for him
Guys are about the interactions between Indians, slaves, and alcohol. Do you have questions?
Thanks for the heads up. We'll send this along to our Maintenance team!
Still busy with having my sister here visiting and no computer, just borrowing her laptop...
Note to self: keep your mouth closed at work, contributing to the conversation only gets you in trouble.
nice meeting you to ....keep in touch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Tomorrow is the last day of classes for the spring semester. Anyone have any fun "last day of class" traditions from your days on Rocky Top?
After surviving an almost fatal jet ski accident in May, Sean Kingston is back on his feet and attending Hollywood events.
lots and lots of apples
I smile knowing that I dont have showtime and will never have to see your "under-acting".
Awesome video!!!
Can you ask Emma if she'd like a new group of best girl friends? No seriously. We all have BFF crushes on her. And her hair.
#theres really no top I guess sum call it bein comfortable came from nuthin an make sumthin is the key
Planning next week at the end of this one. Excited to meet Luca Missoni of & Pamela Jaccarino of at WDC!
I feel like that douch trying to find the most awesome christmas tree on xmas eve! I can't find a pumkin anywhere. Sad brown one it is!!!!
People cant repay student loans if they never get their prof. licenses bcuz of unlawful discrimination in/by licensing entities
Heart disease and stroke remain the No. 1 & No. 3 killers in our country. #WomensHealth Text HEALTH to 300400 and reduce your risks!
Our thoughts are with all those who were affected by the 9/11 tragedy.
Happy to be in Salt Lake City after our 7am trek from Aspen...
Find a guy that will ruin your lipstick, not your mascara.
dude, u were great. 1 or 2 plays by others and you're in Indy.
"I’ll never know what the listener gets, what the listener feels, and that’s too bad.” -John Coltrane
Thanks for the follow
um, what's grosser than 's failed ad campaign? answer:
This Parks & Rec news better not be true. Fucking NBC.
Once again was extremely helpful in getting my Internet up and running. Very happy with
RT : Ramps tomorrow... what to do? // & I happy to recipe test. We'll be by for brunch in about an hour.
It never works-or if it works, it's only a temporary fix
BASE Camp is Mobile! Please text BCROCKS followed by a space and the amount you want to donate to the number: 27138!
More sun, more fun! Woo! RT - First day of Spring! 82 degrees in Indy!! Wonder what the Summer will bring...?
btw, just a plug, i'm a Parallels user and love it! :)
Yum, great choices!
Rob Gronkowski uses every each and pound of his 6-6, 260 frame to get the #Patriots the lead back, 27-20
you bring a bottle and that could happen lol
hahaha you're dumb I miss you though :(
I officially just crapped my pants . #BOYFRIENDTeaser -.-
to george clinton? funk yes! I've been meaning to see him for years.
It sure does have its rewards...and you can have some pretty challenging days but I love it!!
Charlie Sheens home searched for firearms after a threat of harming himself.
There's goals because of passion, then there's creating a legacy because of the passion + those who have sacrificed for you...legacy.
Its not me its just everyone else.....
wait I mean Randy Orton is the youngest WHC
thx I couldn't wait to watch it! I was reciting it and Carlos was like "um how many times have you seen this?"
not you sam! U and are mad chill
haha. Honestly can they just move to NY?
I'm auditioning for my school talent show on tuesday!!(:
Hmm what's for dinner
home opener is TODAY at 3:10 vs. the #Cards! If you can't go it'll be on FSN and MLB.TV! #GoBrewers!
Tonight, Very much looking forward to it.
Nate, I miss you! How are you doing?
"The better you dress, the worse you can behave."
yeah he does.
dang it you beat me on the dude one :(
We're not a Christian nation? But it's been said so many times...
Money May destroys PAC Man. NO QUESTION. You can't touch him
This girl is talking about where her friend went traveling. If you have to talk about other peoples vacations, your life sucks.
Reading : Trader Joes coming to #Austin in 2013! I love their two-buck Chuck & cheap funky food. Awesomesauce.
Grill a 14 oz ribeye and quench that fire!
#PlaylistLive in Georgia plz *puppy dog face*
haha I love it! I Hope everything is going well with "the baller who got game" Miss Sansone ;)) Have a great rest of the week
Aaron Diehl Trio Wednesday w/no cover! Great room. Diehl somewhat new face but already great player. Will try to get there...
2,050 @ break... Super soft table
Hope the date goes well!
disagree as cut only 1 game off lead isn't enough in head to head series but wld be better then getting swept or drop 2of3
Yes, yes! Would LOVE to see a video!
Is it cool if I come with you baby?(; #SaySomethin <3 (: #BestSongEver :D
About to do my first Insanity workout. See ya in 45 minutes
Things do turn around for those who believe.
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a prosperous week!
During high school I wanted to be a model then I saw ANTM & realized how many times I would be in the hospital due to allergies. :/
"endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness." - Dec. of Ind.
me neither...until now.
North Carolina, where gays can't get married but you can bury your relatives in your front yard.
hav fun elle....wen we gon hangout...so I can get a refill...haha......
That chamber show was a real kick in the head
ok, for a moment i will with you, wait. haha :D <U+2665>
Player of the game: Bruesewitz. All those boards he got kept Wisc in the game when they had that shooting drought.
AUSTINS coming to LA?! That's for Los Angeles right!?:D
Time for a nap ...
To not make a decision or exert the authority that has been given to us is to allow ourselves to be enslaved to feebleness and destruction.
#top100lies he just a friend
You're a boy Mahomie ?! :D
lucky! I still want to make it up but work has been a little crazy! Enjoy steamboat and say hi to Bets and John!
Haha funny how right before I move to Baton Rouge, Lil' Boosie is found NOT GUILTY .
Daylight savings is not my friend. I never "spring forward" well.
In honor of the Facebook IPO, maybe I'll finally watch that Facebook movie.
#InMiddleSchool oh wait I'm not done with middle school yet. I'm pretty close though :) May 23 I'm waiting for ya <3
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT!
The words "Haters" and "Swag" are overused by the people who have neither.
etrade is lame!!
RT “: I heard Obama is trading RTs for votes.”
Bill Clinton (Request) To Our City Jacksonville Florida www.justsmellsogood-nation.com
I'm so tired of the Os is their any part of the team that is up/graded??? I don't think so!!!!!!
oh cool! I need a job but I dont want one! Haha
feels good to be back in my bed lol gonna go back and pick up my dad tomorrow lol
It was delicious!!!!!
Thank you for the RT! Happy Tuesday!
Its too early for jasons kids.
What's with the egg profile pic. Represent dammit!
will discuss taking his law firm virtual and his subsequent feature in at #crackingthecode!
Brand new patio furniture on our awesome streetside patio!
Husky Football 2009: A Return to Winning!
One of my least favorite things? Typing up POs. I am terrible with a typewriter.
dont understand magazines who have all the men in them clothed and women in lingerie.
I miss flakey ass
Speaking of split ends havnt had a Banana Split in years. If it gets to 95 today
Absolutely! Absolutely!!
www.bruzzesiforpres.com a much simplified way to governing. Simple plan for maximum results now!!!
ok but what ideas do you want like television shows actors singers? lol
again, it's not the It should be the bishops, but it's not. They're in bed with the GOP and want Obama to fail.
It behooves us, then, to humble ourselves before the offended Power, to confess our national sins and to pray for clemency and forgiveness.
Bloomberg To Expand Campaign Against Truancy
So EXCITED for this movie!!! RT : Saw a ruff of The Avengers!! Joss went IN on that MUTHAVENGER!!
if they didn't sell them separate I'd be going topless or bottomless. I'm in support of separate sales
Reading the email now!!!
Some cunt just told me I was creepy? I'll show your ass creepy!
Yes I will be at the game, making the trip from Boston. Where can this doc be seen? Has it hit the film festivals yet?
YES 1850's around the time cameras got popular, and then old enough to enjoy the 20s-40s... Old souls <U+2764>
Weird and exhausting but fun couple of days.
i know u r only replying 2 stupidity but he will never say what he does 2 anyone's face, esp the ravens..not worth it
heyyyooo! how you been?!
Yeah, that's how we are. RT : These poli-sci majors are pretentious.
cool! yes check out - they are an entreprenurial public library model!
RIP Charoll Shelby
feel better soon! I hope it's nothing to bad, love ya and miss you!
hope your doing alright. I know how it feels. I totaled my 91 camaro a couple of days b4 thanksgiving last year.
public school kids do not deserve to be held in veal fattening pens all day - they need recess
you'd need to do data modeling in Freebase first. #gridworks is only for loading data into existing schemas.
Rihanna looks like Goldie Hawn.
We started keeping Old Bay on the dinner table, next to the salt and pepper.
Too cool. Are you in College Station, Texas?
Jessica did amazing with aerosmith's song!
Jeter with 4 hits. Crazy. Actually we should be used to it by now.
Seeing tonight. Is it still spontaneous if I know I'm going to combust?
Justin is really skilled with that -- can't wait to see the suggestions. And you know how I feel about BYOB generally!
Colborne plays about as well for the Leafs as Kaberle did for the Bruins. Nice trade on both sides!
RT “: Tuesday we extended our agreement w/ IOC so that Paralympics will be in same city as in 2018 & 2020.”
I deserve a donut after the day/night i've had..
I WANT DQ AND DQ IS CLOSED
HEEYY goo follow and check out their stuff c:
I hate fake people and fake shit. Fakeness is a disease dont spread that shit over my way. # Igotmyfakevaccine
MQFTD: We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we all take a little of each other everywhere. ~TM
Again Robyn blogged pious, patient, and trustful
What an amazing concert tonight! Can't wait to do it again in Carnegie Hall on Monday
Just had a fabulous conversation with the guys from Potosi! Such great beer!
Your born to live the life you deserve, to express yourself, to be only one person and one person only. And that is, you.
Huge surprise...world-class idiot and IU hater picks #iubb to lose in the 1st rd.
Today is Pres Obama's birthday
Thanks for RT! How has the Bible's message helped you overcome fear & find healing?
I say BITCH IM TRYIN TO GET THIS MONEY IF YOUY FUCKIN WIT ME YOU GOT TO FUCK WIT ME THE LONG WAY<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
Wowzers, I had no idea.
Great to see you today in #theLabNYC. Looking forward to more time in the future.
sometimes I just watch the superbowl for the commercials if I dont care about the team....:$ lmfao
hell and me too...how the hell i'ma get the car out the pound i aint' got no money and the car was supposed to go back 2day
We do, too - almost everybody loves it except a few of my students :)
Not bad! Want to go on a jog sometime soon?
aight I'll let him know
Just conquered the Great White Whale of naughty professor movies--"Wonder Boys."
In the Lompoc Wine Ghetto. Like Loring.
Try one of our delicious candy flower arrangements for this St. Patricks Day!!!
haha how does that make any sense?
Before I burn this bridge, im throwing you off it.
Congratulations to all our #SWE award recipients on your great accomplishments. I can't wait to see you at
Wouldn't that basically be Hellblazer in the Buffyverse?
Why am I upset? I shouldn't even be thinking about you.
Just watched a nice piece about #Sirte, #Lybia on It makes me mad that US media spends zero minutes on news like this.
i like sweet talkers cant even lie! but i always know when your bullshitting me!.
Looks like I'm as smart as an asian who prob learned math before she was crawling! Yeys
to me was a complete lie. You never really liked me. And deep down when I said you were out of my league I ment that you were to
eddie in jail stopping N staring & not apologizing cuz he's crazy n he knows it.I do like Eddie tho, too much soda!
Dodgers Bankruptcy Update
10 followers needed on instragram to hit my goal - new pic as soon as I hit 200 :) msbaileye <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Wants to Congratulate the class of 2011!!! It was a pleasure serving your drunk asses. dT.
Often* RT Saw Balloons in the sky this morning...does this happen offer here in ABQ?
Springfield Central's Tyrell Springer will head out to Jacksonville College in Texas, following in the footsteps of Malik Smith
I didn't get a chance 2 c it. Had 2 post bail 4 friend
Good Morning World! Thank God 4 letting us see another day! & I have a GREAT feeling about some changes I am about 2 make ;o)
tryna get her groove back like stella, grab the umbrella
Getting closer! RT Just looked at my bracket....its between me and ... Let's go Kansas!
Good day! SKC win, and Coalesce and Fucked up at the riot room. Now sleep!
heard you broke up with Ron hope its not true!! :) <3 u and ROn
I see someone stole my motto & used it as their twitter name...I'm flattered I guess -_-
I love your tweets
hahaha, there you go - i love that movie.
we need ropes!
Great 1st quarter!
Yooooo <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> I gotta admit you got my attention
So cold out and my butt hurts can this day get any worse?????
i'm really looking forward to hearing the rest of this story.
Taking the kids to the beach!
Ask him about when he said he's a better writer than Cormac McCarthy.
Want to revisit this partnership proposal? #dolmajewelry & #AmericanExpress Present: Every Step of the Way
awww so precious!!! Happy Mothers Day!!
I need food bro.
It's a little late but thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes. Just had an awesome dinner with the fam!
Lmao my sisters a trip........
thanks for getting back to me. How about Sunday? They may need older men that day... Not sure yet.
registered my adress and car, will be full time this semester, how do I know which pass to chose
Enjoyed your sets last night!! Congrats on a great show.
RT S/O to all my followers
yeah :3 she loves me & my cheeks :)
If he didn't kill the officer no he shouldn't have been executed but don't act like he was a saint and you all knew him personally. Fools
Movers arriving in 10 minutes. And it's raining. If I believed in omens, this would probably fall into the "probably not good" category.
hell yeah an Arnold Palmer
Congrats to one of my fav drummers on his first drum endorsement from rimshot-locs! is rollin !
I don't trust the cloud. I like to have control of my own data.
Good Luck. Not that you really need it.
Are there any conference presenters that you would like to see present a follow up CAI webinar?
I'm home alone
Kicking some asian's ass in
Needs to or is it there? RT a mikey and bob channel needs to be found at dot com
R u following the awesome #abc7chicago weekend morning team? & & !! They rock!
Meeting adjourned! Earliest in a long while :)
Nothing sicker than working with one of your best friends
would you give me a shout out please??
Just won a 2 night stay at a resort here in destin :). Over $750! Who's coming to visit lol?!
#Booked a #national #Comcast #commercial!!! :):)
We need to follow faculty into online teaching domains and co-create with them. YES!!!
I had a dream that all my pants were 6 sizes too small from all the chocolate I ate the last few days. I don't wanna get dressed now. Eek!
RT : is all-you-can-drink starting at 7pm?
making a lovely italian sausage soup. the house smells nice.
BENTLEY? are you kidding? What does he do? Brain surgery? My dad drives a lame range rover
Roman's Revenge is Nicki Minaj's best song
Wow, this overtime game 7 doesn't seem nearly as stressful as last night's did for me...I wonder why!
Packed crowd at budget Town Hall meeting in Ward 1.
how so?
its at Aura in kc off 39th and main. Be there!
Screen-writing class with the amazing Peter and Ceci Russell today! I love these guys!
Had a crazy evening
Already feels like Westbrook is gonna shoot 40 times tonight
Its never too late to forgive someone
It's true! RT : A morning text doesn't only mean "good morning". It also means "I think about you when I wake up."
"that's a paddlin'" classic :)
Anger in SA at rape video hearing
HALF FINAL
Watchn behind the music Notorius B.I.G
I too love this essay.
What did you end up doing tonight?
Nietzsche, Heidegger, Kierkegaard, Thoreau, Foucault. Spell these words correctly w/out looking. Are you 5 for 5? You can work here!
Avatar =much better than I thought it would be.
yesh you are.
11:00pm flight out of Denver to get back to PGH at 8:30 tomorrow morning. I wish there was complimentary Ambien instead of potato chips.
yes yes i am im a good bottom slut and i love to get pounded love to feel ur hot cum run down my tight ass cheecks
Oh I know. That's all part of the trolling.
Broken #40oz on the red line.
#ItsCrazyHow good french fries taste with a big chocolate milkshake! Yummy=)
Khloe--I have a doctor reco for you in Dallas. Believe me, I learned the hard way! Hope all is well.
I know it's on all the time!
you are too
that's funny. I should do that.
“: Take a long good look at your mother, because chances are you'll be just like her... I'll be fabulous. #diamonddiploma”
He went commercial and thought he was better than he really was. Technically, he is a one hit wonder.
lol boy the dance performance at school !
-___- stop playin with me!! but ok, ill call
Looks like I'm getting an agent. Can't give details yet.
Thank you for the #FF mentions and back at you
Omg Thankies & I Just Both Of Y'all Lol
if i asked you SUPER nicely would you follow me?((:
The less people know about you, the less problems you'll encounter.
Shit kicking it, what's up
When my parents tell me how country I sound -_______-
Good, now ur ready for the weekend
MY NAME IS LIZZY. NOT LIZZIE OR LIZZ.
you are amazing
So much for bottom-of-the-lineup black hole. Keep it up, Crew.
Looking at arguments surrounding reciprocal trusts and reciprocal trustees and their potential for causing estate tax inclusion.
New hard drive and Office 2008 for Mac, today. Gotta love the UW discount...
Great convo, with the skilled and knowledgeable and
1/14/2011 For CFOs, Profitability is your virtual life partner The Next Web
always nice getting special visits/appearances from you at
I haven't had this much laundry to do since finals time during college. Why oh why did I wait so long to do laundry :(
I have to go to my parents to eat dinner now then back to work yum
Appreciate the kinds words re: the vid. Sorry for the delay. Could barely keep my eyes open last night.
I really hate you. Never talk to me again.
Thinking about doing a Twitter party for Would your mom blog friends like to participate?
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 49
Via MT Check Your Head (more than Nirvana) for me announced the coming of the 90s as a distinct cultural moment
Got a flu shot today. Hope it keeps me protected from the evil flu...
Sleepless nights.....
Bobby Wagner with a pick in the Senior Bowl
thanks for following me my lovely UK ladies!!!!!
if gas is 3.50 at the pump, i'm willing to pay it if it means there's a shot at democracy in egypt
RT Listening to Palomar rehearse Omar Daniel's Preludes at the cultural center. Sounds great!
The Orioles are leading the AL East..Wonder how many times we'll be able to say that again this year..
You say I'm ugly ! you should look yourself first before judging someone! -___-t
"I didn't cheat on you." "Cheetahs have the fastest land speed of any living animal."
Happy Birthday Walt Whitman. Thank you for inspiring my life's work 37 years ago. www.mythobotanicalpress.com
Looking forward to #VisionExpo next week!
when all else fails, God won't.
happy mothers day to all the mothers out there!
I know! I'll sign up for the next session :)
1day down for to go.
Cancel that.
Dre & JaVale were players of the game in the win Tue, no impact to tonight & #Nuggets up 20. This is how Masai envisioned it, depth...
Wy them a spread rumor that Johnny Osbourne DEAD.Them fe stop call down death pon people we all haffe roll out one day>
ah this sh!t is surreal
"You could dream about it, or you could go out and make it happen."
Really liked a lot of that piece, but that bit of it was just impossible for me to overlook, just so very wrong & out of touch.
Good just been busy, working a lot. Hoping to get a break in witch to shoot soon.
LOL at Shaq's drawn-on abs. LOL. re: Shirt-off vs. Charles Barkley.
Sho can you DM me your email...I want to hit you up
don't go anywhere. You are almost my favorite, you know, after mark...
send me your number again
I have that weird Zicam coated tongue feeling
“: Last class of Freshmen year” YA TIMMY!
mane who up?
RT : In front of the pic of Salt n Pepa, overheard two people wondering who 3rd woman was, bc "there are only two of them!"
Hey #ABQ, we're on our way to deliver a custom buffet that we built! I'll post pics later!
I love ANAL-yze-ing
#LinkedIn #group are helpful to #smallbusiness owners. Find the right group for your biz, then participate, read, discuss and learn!
before the social media panel, make sure to change the default twitter pic... :)
So glad to be in here with
"Xeroxed copies of articles, with words underlined and exclamation marks in the margins, are everywhere."
So, what wine is keeping you cool in this heatwave?
dang! An excuse to keep your Tupperwares in the car. Lol!!!
At LD 30 meeting to speak on ImagineArizona plans and proposals.
Great meeting you at #Redsfest today.
Bummed I missed it. Hubby had to give permission for me to finally buy my copy. Stupid budget... lol Ready for the next 1 tho!
Hm maybe a fling or two
Had to get a new iPad so reloading apps now - is there really no LinkedIn app for iPad? I only saw an iPhone app. Hm...
Sir, stop using the hair dryer to blow out your genies..please let me change in peace so I can drink and get this image out of my head
#Tastemakersks Great call, Nice to meet all of you!! !!
I want to put Sage in pageants! She would win the grand supreme!! :)
“: Why does love sending me random group texts?” you should be honored to be included in "the group"
YES!!!! RT : I get mad because I care.
I know! :D I still dint know how to do anything though ...
oh! I want to see :)
damn girl she was mad at you cuz you asked to follow you doe like where they do that at haha
had a great vaca
I need a topic for my editorial this week on #thedailywiz. Any ideas?
Hope you join to #LiveaLittle this week :)
I hope everyone is playing the #scorcese drinking game right now with the rest of the #Oscars #bridesmaids rule
did they call your parents tho?
RT - Someone plz explain to me why the Cleveland Indians keep trying to steal third with two out? Anyone? Bueller?
This part of the drive to Lake Alta directed by Tim Burton: Tru-to-Life Taxidermy & Knife Sharpening across the road from a topiary garden.
ha me to, maybe even some capture the flag
A dick has a sad life: His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his bestfriend's a pussy, & his owner beats him.
have Thai food and it might make the pain go away temporarily :)
loving the new kitchen too! Great job!!
equality is good.
"I only got a twitter so I could hashtag" I'm proud :)
what's up?
Why can't the #NFL do what #MLB does with MLB.TV,it is awesome!
Where's the place to be tonight DENVER!?! :)
Great! taking on college radio! Finally. Someone who will speak out against collegiate broadcasting!
Well, that makes total sense to me. Except the bit about sleeping - what a waste of time :)
"We will forgive them all, absolving all the world from what we thought it did to us. For it is we who make the world as we would have it."
I'm pretty sure the mirrors at Boston Sports Club are convex to encourage regular attendance & membership renewals. #ICantBeThatFatCanI?
Wow that shows two shits. Dont expect in return
we still have stuff in the fridge that needs to be drunk
When i think about my family, I smile...blessings
Procrastination is the thief of time. - Chinese Proverb
OMG is EVERYTHING. I know would love this
let me know when you are paying them a visit - I’m in for some enforcement of etiquette!
Got my car hand washed yesterday only to wake up to it covered in pollen this morning
The Village people are unhappy with the YMCA. Find why at theentertainmentbucket.com
Aight you on a desert island with unlimited clean water... you get 2 other beverages of your choice to always be there, what do you choose?
like i said, it's a concept mix based entirely on the connections between each record... it's not a super long mix tho.
I can't wait to get these next 3 days over with for school.
alrighty. ill have Naruto waiting >:O
Happy Eating, Happy Friday! :)
I am too!
love the concord grape.
Q: Best movie of 2011?
RT : My arm was jealous of my feet for all their love, so designed a purse, the Rita. Arm is happy!
The good ones go if you wait too long.
still study more ya^^haha
Tired of this crap. Time to make success the main thing to be again.
Hoping the peeps are prepped for class. Discussing the heavy Union/NLRA/Sec 7's & 8's tonight. Now I know how Dr. feels at times.
some1 once told me don't let books get n the way of a good education unless its National Geographic now that's an education
Alarm fail. As in, I never set it.
Nothing I do will ever be good enough for these people.
Congrats go to for winning in the WPT Doyle Brunson Five Diamond World Poker Classic! Happy Birthday too!
What is going on..
Having one of those nights where I can't sleep because i have so much on my mind! Tomorrows gonna suck!
Bye the way, really enjoyed Carlsbad Tavern while in Scottsdale last week. Excellent food, good service and a fun place.
Johnny Cash Tunes at 8 with Big Smith of God's Outlaw, Cold Beer, BBQ, and our Pickin' Porch is open. See Ya'll Tonight! JC
I love the Kuechly pick as long as Jon Beason stays in the middle. I like him there.
Thank you for a reasonable comment from a man.
Man so glad the saints lost....not a team i hate more.....plus all their bandwagon fans
hahaha, I'm not Superman, I am superwoman, but my favorite superhero is #superaustin and #superalex :P
looking forward to it :)
This THURSDAY: Happy Hr @ "Carpool" in NoVa (Metro: Ballston). Fun begins @ 5:30pm! Come ready for darts, shuffleboard, pool & DRINKS!!
lol it's funny AFTER...just super freaky when it happens 0_0 lol
And you didn't feel like you had that license already? ;)
Do you have the nammber to H&R Block? I know you remeber that commercial and that woman in the elevator lmfao
My teacher is forcing me to read everyday.So later guys! Goodnight.<U+2665>
Maestro named one of Michigan 50 companies to watch; also gets the Main Street USA award! Way to go Maestro Team!
GReat speech, though
OMG 1,020 Followers! Muah Time For A Contest
miss ya.
...and I still feel terrible.
Hey Jessica, love your profile pic!
4 they eat the bread of wickedness & drink the wine of violence. Wood u say this is true 4 ppl who do illegal drug cuz they support cartel
Nitty Scott is killing it.
The Moth is coming to the Pabst Theater, tickets go on sale on Friday @ noon!
I drank coffee before bed again, now I can't sleep >.<
I love crossing out multiple pages of my days work. Also
Great content!
seriously can you talk about some womanly shit like cars & explosions!?
I'm so appalled spaulding bald
Thanks! The event will be in Chantilly. Ok if I put you on the invite list?
Is your mom into plants? Visit our Mother's Day Plant Sale May 11-13 to pick up exclusive heirloom plants just for her!
where did you get this picture from?
El placer ha sido mio Francisco
take a walk.
RTLook at Uniontown Bar & Grille-good ex. of biz that's not operating in riot-ready mode. Take down barriers & get 2 know your patrons.
so I am totally in the mood for some of your #BBQRibs today! Who's with me? ? I know your in!
My husband is back from the UK today!
Text often makes us forget our manners.
Good mornin tweeters N VILLIANS. This is ur captain speaking! Yes hello n greetings captain speaking. Stay away from jigaloos
And to all: a good night.
Details, details.
So I know im a little late but
Hahaha, I can't handle that
"Like any of that's enough to stop the Dark Master-- bater." - Xander
my mom told me to go somewhere with her rn and i told her only if u buy me sushi and she just left
They say that alcohol kills slowly. So what? Who's in a hurry?
We're on spring break next week, lkg forward to digging into #ccglobal myths project w/ 5th grdrs upon return!
RT LIVE at will be dedicating a song on 4/27 to a lucky fan. Think you’re worthy of a shoutout?
i might watch that
Today was a good day. Too much work but damn fun.
University of Chicago Press: no digital solutions work well for endnotes and footnotes and so on?
I'm done bro, like fck it. I ain't fuckin with nobody no more.
New ownership group called the NCAA to have Dodger records during the McCourt/Fox era, wiped out from the record books.
RT - Jacksonville Jaguars RB Maurice Jones-Drew made is 2011 preseason debut tonight and had a 14 yard run (14 yards...
i have yet to hear their songs. in fact, im gonna right now.
Packers were pretty disappointing today. Something like 7 dropped catches and 3 fumbles? F*cking embarrassing ...
Said it earlier il say it again first goal wins..Game 7 beckons...book that!!
S/o to he's a real one.... follow him and he follows back....
TAL is pulling all stops to make sure we all know about the retraction episode. Press release, blog post, Facebook post, email blast
yeah they are
Girl fuck u no one press lmao
Walking to LIHAS rehearsal after having my ass handed to me all day at work. Oof.
me too :) i love shake it up! <3
Enlightening. Via ": Winter safetytip: NEVER use oven to help heat home & never use a charcoal grill or hibachi in home or garage.”
be a human being, social media advice from
Say it ain't Mo! Can't believe this could be the end of the great Mariano Rivera. Now what?
wish alki was closer. might have to hit greenlake
Happy 1st Anniversary The year BTR has flown by w/ lots of news. Year 2 begins right now(: Congrats!
Oh look Omar Epps<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
White Dude With Neck Tattoo means one of 3 things: 1)from Racine/Keno county 2)multiple illegitimate kids 3)both.
Weekend get here already!!! <U+263A>
Anyone Have any casting notices for our talent?
Today's BTU inspiration: "I think the one lesson I have learned is that there is no substitute for paying attention." ~Diane Sawyer
The Lusitania is in concert-- a prelude to "The Last Waltz" out under the stars!
Why choose Newbridge Home Loans: FHA - VA - USDA & Home Path Loans Offered
Holy shit! i dont want to die! my brother is high and im scared for everyone here.. Dx omg omg omg i might start crying
Puts the whole Charlie Sheen stuff into perspective huh? RIP Mike Starr
Enjoy the show!! RT : Can't wait to see End of the Rainbow with and
i just youtubed nicolas cage sexy because i wanted to know if people made youtube montages of nicolas cage. the answer is yes.
are you sure Owens will be cool if I stop by?
Anyone looking to do an inspiration shoot in June and wanting a cake ball cake? I need to do something new and exciting!!!!
That's great! I've been looking forward to this one all year long, so let's just say I'm #excited as well!
Unless we find the owners, I think we might have inherited a cat.
Don't forget to buy an amazing gift for your mother at Cream. Mother's Day is Sunday, May 13 make sure to make Mom smile on her special day!
*Sigh* Trying to resist a temptation...
I get to appreciate lately the little blessings that come my way.=) i think i'm better.
still loading
then met her match this old lady driving is no Punk!!! Lol
No its not a problem :) and sure ill follow!
So many good articles to read in all the Sunday papers today!
I so feel the same...
I want tattos!!!
i've tried to forgive, but i can't forget.
“: CLAW tonight at Blue Moon Diner. Doors at 7, starts at 8.” too many choices tonight!
Should you be at #primal tonight ? Does rick ross eat chicken?
Savoring every word of Sue Miller's "The Senator's Wife"
RT : Sometimes when people push you away, it's because they need you to pull them closer.
Can't find egg substitute that isn't made from starch or sugar! Wish we could for egg allergies.Free samples for support groups
Knicks, please just give up
Dude , i don't care how many followers you have . Your still ugly<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I hated <U+4E07> already, but now I have a newfound distaste for <U+5104>
Stained Glass Hearts wonders if you would help promote us in exchange for sponsorship and free products featuring the designs?
there No Bodies!!! =)
Hey, stranger. Is the big day May 1st or 2nd? I always forget.
the meeting is the 24th. Colleen & Annie will be there all week. Not sure about Jennie. I will be there Wed & leaving Sun.
free workshop right now! Simple Dial-In Instructions Call: 270-400-2000 Enter Access Code: 32433243
Imma miss part of that fight cause I'll just be leaving work....
Step #3: give up on blame
Did you have fun?(:
not too shabby
vitamin P
+ + = #Problems #WatchMKE 10.21.11 You don't want to miss this!
- Thanks for following, pretty #Pittsburgh ladies!
Have a safe flight :)
#BandsILove The Bravery
I am living the life tonight. Sitting here watching 3 guys beat each other up on a wrestling video game. Wine would make this bearable...
Ran AA into QQ. She flopped a set and I rivered a straight. I apologized for giving her a bad beat.
dear lightning, you light up my block like no other
stop blowing up twitter with our awful insults thank you
Who wants to come with me today to see the Avengers
It feels good to be home.
then whats the big deal...
And everyone must leave...the bar scene is so creepy
yeah I dunno I think for right now its gonna be james till I find something better
If you're lucky, you'll get "penmanship points"
Ha! Like day/night
Awe! And I'm thankful for you as well! I love you!!
Use coupon code FORUM10 for 10% off Kratom Seed Pods. Organically grown in the USA! bit.ly/nFWcxN
RT : While we're here, can we check out lesbian erotica. I'm still trying to figure exactly what it is they do.
Signed back up at Planet Fitness! Had my 1st work out today and feel great!
Take your attention away from what you dont want and place your attention on what you wish to experience. ~Michael Beckwith
omg!!!! My amazing friend, I just saw followed you!!!! I can't believe it, I'm so happy for u my dear!!!
there are a few good ones.
I'm glad I didn't get booted for that!
I'm gonna drink my tears and cry, cause I know you love me baby. I know you love me baby.
.: I don't use many hashtags unless for specific big event. Don't think people use them that much.
I sent like 11 pics I have lots more but I thought that was enough right? lol
just because a few of us date kittens does not a cougar den make.
Tell me that you need me because I love you so much, Say you'll never leave me because I need you so much.
The beauty is the principle is the same with success. Making good, small decisions and carrying them out daily can totally change things.
I do love me some NY slices! But as a native chicagoan, must stick w/chicago-style! RT
favorite movie?
Sent someone your way for the marketing assistant position! One of my old employees who just moved to SF
Here + Now 20 Twelve starts this time tomorrow!
why haven't you done a noh8 picture yet?
keep promoting your shoes! Joe NEEDS to see them!
RT ": You aint gotta lie to me"
is having dinner at zburger with the session 2 students tonight!
I'm trying to remember why i thought going to a 10:00 movie was a good idea after a Derby party followed by Cinco de Mayo dinner.
NY-Vegas for CES... 8 meetings tomorrow away from the crowds, must manage night life activities
your players are , , (nnz2v)
WHAT THE HECK I JUST GAINED 50+ NEW FOLLOWERS BY FOLLOWING FOLLOW HIM NOW COME ON CLICK IT YOUR NOT CLICKING IT DO IT NOW!!
You're so welcome! Thanks for the tweet. :-)
Sounds nice and mystical.
#np don't stop believin'. one of the many songs about me and We always tell each other to never, ever give up. #bestrong :D
Even if FDA can share submission data; can it easily be shared?
Hurt my foot a lil throwin dat damn discus
SAN DIEGO: Did y'all see the business section of the today featuring mixologist Frankie Thaheld of George's at the Cove
the Celtics did...
Happy birthday to one of our all time favorite fan/friend ! Have an awesome day and thank you for all the support :)
yeah that's right better recognize I can hurt myself all by myself
If you suspect a food allergy, withdrawal and rechallenge is the reliable way 2 test; better than bloodwork
If you light a lamp for someone, it will brighten your own path. ~ Buddha
SUCH A GREAT NIGHTT!!!! so much fun<3
Ask for nothing less than inspiration.
Who's watching the Tribe today?!! 3-0 good guys! RT
Stay inside! ;-) Just saw special on getting struck with lightning!
“Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning” Winston Churchill
How much oversight and evaluation is a part of a non profit's strategy?
How did it go? RT : I had an interview...
Joys divided are increased.
Pickup Line: Hi, my name's ______. You better remember it cause you'll be screaming it later!!
Finally getting things together with the New NYC studio.. Expect to start seeing new R material early March..
I'm new to twitter, is that a paid position for them and are you able to have personal conversations. About the face ques
I believe it is important for people to create a healthy mental environment in which to accomplish daily tasks
yeah, i'm a nerd
#Shoutout to for always making me laugh! Haha
Happy National Library Week. Where's my cake? I was told there would be cake.
youre my type of lady.they must love you where ever you go do you like italians
#Kylestock is only 27 days away!!! Have you gotten your ticket yet? You don't want to miss out on this one!
Effects of #homelessness on #children - #hunger, stress, mental illness, etc... have a huge effect on learning ability.
i miss your old house!
Just installed the Blackberry 6 OS. It's a big improvement - sort of like the iPhone if the iPhone did less stuff.
We’re entering an era of true “imagineering” in digital marketing that finally combines art and science.
I would consider my life complete
exchanged during a typical French
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.-Mark Twain
Thanks for allowing to host an USAPAN and congratulations to the new RAPS E-Board!
How come every time you come to AZ it is going to rain? Its gonna be another damn good show!
Hard work,lots on my mind,ambition on my heart,determination in my blood... good night
Thanks for the RT of the Pew study news, Ernesto. Hope you have a great weekend.
Holy shit, man. Let it fucking go. Do you really need to spam this several times a day? Copyright laws. Chill the fuck out.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked What do you mean you can't dunk?
Whenever we walk to for lunch it gets cold and rainy. Must be a sign the burger gods are pissed we're cheating on
RT if you're reading this. :3
Yay! Congrats Lady! RT It's official! I'm honored to be in the 2012 #OpeningDay Heading to NYC!
Happy Mother's Day! Treat your mom to an Uber ride & keep your place as "the favorite child".
I get to Denver sat evening and will be there til wed am, Ping me on cell to catch up. wont be tweeting likely.
When lebron checks in the game starts to get one-sided
I should have kill him... -.- So stubborn.. took off his cast.
well. i disagree.
liking someone who is literally 20 feet away from your house is funn haha (:
Pulitzer Prize Winner John Updike Dies
Holy crap..
I'm tired of all this hate!
I feel somebody is going to win at cell phone bingo at 11:35 this morning...
IKR! We had a maths test today hence lol the extension part was like WTF
1000 followers & then the most shoutouts will receive a Play-On bracelet from me :)
Very nice work. Well done!
Yea, I'm gone.
I'm sick ugh keep throwing up
the truth can and often is... ruthless.
Frosted Flakes + chocolate milk =
Tanning in the parking lot holla
You're only as good as the people you hire
thanks.. Ugh!
And she manages to be a style icon, black eye notwithstanding. Adorables!
Follow us tomorrow night for live feeds as the #Thunder take on the #Rockets in our Game of the Night.
Our artist lineup is growing be sure to check in on the new artists that are working with Poised Creation.
MT Psychologist Alexander Luria's lovely term for deeply-ingrained habits like writing: "kinetic melodies."
yes it's a promotion Blackberry is doing and they selected PBA Bowling as one of the apps available
Lmfao. Timeless music. : "Then I put her on that loud and feed her turkey burgers. DAMN" so trill lol
So glad you could stop by! We love sharing the Rohrbach experience RT : So amped for dinner tonight at // first time
2/2 and thank you so much for making my night so awesome!!! i'm so #thankful that i have an awesome aunt ( ) Love yah
How are you feeling buddy
i agree. i picked him up he saved my team
we are like the Greek chorus of this prez :-)
Kobe 16 years in NBA this is long time bro!!! His getting old
Begin with general activity: #2 - Take the Stairs. Always.
Damn it feels good to be a napper.
Don't miss our final show of the season w/ Zac Brown Band on 10/16! Tix , phone 800.745.3000, Box Office (M-F 10-4).
Enjoyed that hour on Florida Roundup. Thx, Phil for having me on WLRN 91.3FM
#ICantStandPeople Especially the kids at my school!(:
Yeah baby. RT : "Nowhere is the promise of innovation greater than in American-made energy."
Thanks for following the #Museum and !
Great things in the works...happy to be working with Sheryl from once again! She thinks of everything for events!
Well hello, Michigan! Good to see you again! Looking forward to a relaxing weekend :)
Ah, I see. Thought you were talking about KassemG for a second. Always got YouTube on the mind.
Len's getting worse as the night goes on.
had a great time working with you guys on #cgxemerge safe travels home today hope new Orleans treated you well!
But than you get in this mood <U+E40E>
Right now, 3 super manly men I adore are driving my personal belongings from #DC all the way to #Dallas! Excited for my stuff & my visitors!
It's March, the most confusing of all the months.
Thanks for the great coverage from southern Indiana this past weekend.
Kiwanis of Cudahy-St. Francis "Let's Twist Again" Dance Party Saturday 1PM-5PM at American Legion Post 27
If there ever was an anti-christ for Gus Johnson, it's Doris Burke. She can make anything uninteresting and immediately unwatchable
well good luck if you change your mind site just go to our website
dude. I've been alone with my kid for like 12 hours - and HE IS STILL ALIVE!!
Notre dame and usf in ot.... I want #nd in the #befinals nothing like avenginging our one loss on the way to 39-1.
sure thing (:
A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside. -Denis Waitley
MT FUJI WITH SAWYER<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
as a Yankee fan that Tweet hurt.
no worries - nice to meet you!
true. BTW, I still have to get you some Packers or Badgers gear don't I?
Happy St Paddy's Day to ALL local CA ..Rainy day activities ! , , , ,
Had a dream I was on a lockdown with Haha
Get that pool open this weekend! Or else!
The POV Winter Documentary Series is over! Join us 5/23 for the Summer Documentary Series starts. Films shown weekly @ 5:30p in the Rines!
I have no doubt that these cuts will result in worse care for my state.
#Thursday is the new Friday
We are now open to serve you for 10am-4pm for Christmas eve. Now serving all phone screen repairs 60 min.
Live neither in the past nor in the future, but let each day's work absorb your entire energies, and satisfy your widest ambition. Sir Osler
lol tread carefully... :)
cool :) I wanted to ask you... Did you sign up to do the walk on role or did you act in front of them? If that makes since
Getting ready for the blackhawks game. only canadian and northern wisconsin beer allowed tonight
Succesfull organizations PLAN the change, then MANAGE the change and then REINFORCE the change.
Funemployment=lots of lazing about and an erratic sleep schedule. Not as fun as it sounds. I need to get busy!
the family should file a lawsuit against the Sanford police department and a wrongful death against shooter
Hologram Tupac is going to lead the machines with amazingly inspiring beats and lyrics in the great robot vs human war.
2011...great To have you. Let's See what you have in store... can't Wait to find out!
Do you plan on re-visiting Vermont to tour the progress being made on the Irene recovery project?
is cold
“: Just discovered Finch's Beer Co., brewed here in Chi. Solid! #bottomsup”
I'm thinking if I use this garage spring with a pipe inside for support. It should work well for the spine.
I wasn't sure I could use that word though :)
I shall :)
Legislators acknowledge that free buses to prisons are crucial to keeping familial bonds intact for kids of incarcerated Moms.
Until game 1...
UK has beaten half of the teams in the Elite Eight.
do you have a specific water pill you prefer over others? There are so many out there. Thanks, Love you.
When Came in The Middle <U+2665> Damn ... who needs Ovaries anyways .
Hi YOU!! Do we have a little one yet?!?! xox
Hello there. Im from Miami too. I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Much love. Dr. Spanish
Turning an iconic house into a home is as easy as pie - Kansas City Star
sounds nice!
Hit a pot hole the size of Texas! Lost my hubcaps and flattened my tire. Really glad knows what to do right now!
Happy belated bday we gonna get down...
What I'm saying is that it's FAKE source.
Sad trend here is assessments almost as a scare tactic for parents/students. Admins want grades posted for all to see.
oh gosh!! I hope not!! That would be boring and mean!!! Ugh idk!! I want to know haha
Happy Mothers Day Mom!!
Hi david!
Good first half keep it up
Hollywood icon & American "teen idol" I'll never forget. R.I.P.
Schmitz essay< now to write the best thesis paper i possibly can>.<
flinched when Camilla raised that elbow. I still like her, but we now know she a pretty girl and can't fight so *shrugs*
tonight's Eva's last night on Desperate Housewives.. Going to miss her<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#BlackFriday Only: 1st month membership inside Poynter's Iron Pit Gym: $12.00. No contracts/ no enroll..Fees + 25% off All Supplements
Next time on Underground Television...
About30 days left b4 New York!! SuperXcited but got lots of projects2wrap b4 I leave. Lets see how much I can get n b4 takeoff...ha!
Sorry I fell asleep texting
the same school your going too uwf right?
time to get that extra help for this assignment. i need a nap as well. then class. then who knows where the evening'll go! #whatsfordinner?
that's what I been doing nd I'm getting aawsome results
I'm not here for bitchy emails in the summer time.
Josh Hamilton is better than you at baseball
Thank you for the re-following Robyn, and have a wonderful weekend as well.
Jumping jacks would help that?
Leaving radio station headed to studio!!
It's called Moneyball.
Lol I saw this guy who wrote 3rd annual tony and I was like its not the 3rd Tony's then I read on and it said djtonytouch and I was like wow
can u please follow me
Nick breezy (;
Awk moment wen the bomb sniffing dog stops &smells my knee caps and I don't have a bomb lol
Oh, and use hash tag #TFNBaker if you're here and Tweeting
Are you down to listen to me?
What I'm apparently not missing at #SXSW #boysinscarves and
Get it girl! Have fun!
It's Friday! Time to vote for this week's Beach Body Blast winner..Head over to our Facebook page and vote until 5pm!
give her somethin old school! I need that
When do you get in? :)
tonight door. Cheap tickets and a great cause if your in Chicago. Non Chicagoans go here! ttp://gigity.tv/event/220/ Payyce!
I should be productive today.. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> I like I shall!
New Hours Monday thru Saturday, 11am to 10pm Happy Hour, Friday & Sat 3 to 7 Closed Sundays
Good Afternoon tweeples..!! Haven't Been On All Day. I Miss Every Single One Of My Friends. Tell Me All About You Guys' Day
I'm really going to miss Glee when they graduate. It won't be the same.
but I want it =/
for sure, but I'm still waiting for heather. ePrize cracks the whip
like a tissue is a Kleenex.
i cant find the video of you guys on the today show=(
New Music - ;0)
I'm bout making more money than anybody you fuck with
I'm joking alright it wasn't because of her its because scarlet gives new meaning and the name scarlet is fascinating
Always hungry
Awesome night at Highball with mah lady. At Magnolia's now for some drunken eats.
Now's the time when social networks can be used for good. Blown away by Invisible Children; something that needs to go viral
BLINKY BLINK BLINK BLINK BLINK. Wait, were you talking, too, Herman Cain?
Only god can judge me.
Whoo hoo! Congrats! RT : Congrats to ! Just got funded today! Onto Angel #Oregon!
#FREE shipping on your Clear2Go bottles with filters for the holidays! Check out www.Clear2O.com for more details!
That's ok, you just need to keep with it! Try switching up some of your investments, and check out what other WeSeeders are doing.
Don't lie, don't cheat, and don't make promises you can't keep
GAMES OVER!!!
LOL, I've been there before, but just not with !
Attorneys representing #cloud service buyers must ensure subcontractors are required to comply with same contract obligations.
Such a shame that young women are no longer taught the value of a lovely, soft, sultry speaking voice. Do you agree?
haha i feel ya girl!!
Have your tattoos been impulse or planned decisions?
Baskets & Puck plays posed from 105 cappers today and we have 3 consensus with one on the Sabres a road dog and 2 in college
Good morning #Bartab! Happy #ThirstyThursday everyone! We got a special treat in store for you guys today so stay tuned!
Thank u!
ah gotcha. Thanks for the great response as always!
Love her! and you.
“: what state is everyone one from? or if you're out of the U.S. what country? doin a survey! please let me know :)” Florida :)
us need some too
Among teens surveyed in a Harris interactive poll, over half (56%) said they would be interested in viewing mobile ads with incentives.
im sorry. :/ text me right now. & ill text you back.
Can't go back to sleep..went.to bed at 11...i'm gonna need a monster later. :d
Interesting night...
8" wrenches don't fly, 6" wrenches do.
yes, sorry about that
I might start a reality tv show about my use of a pendulum. How many of you would watch me use my pendulum to get answers to questions?
Why would you think my wife wasn't going to tell me
I ain't called or texted my to check on her
RT : Signing the contract for the fifth edition of Management and the Arts! Wowza! <- Folks, applaud this awesomeness, please
Sittin at muh school. Heading home to study...
Oh, boo. I've started buying face products at Natural Grocers.
Would like to quote or use part of your last couple of post re: subsists and toll roads. Can't DM you however.
Jerry. I'd like to meet him. Maybe.
Can someone please tell NSF "cyberinfrastructure" proponents about this? Sigh.
5th & 6th graders learning abt necessity of clean water frm Preparing to make a difference!
Warning: if engaged in a Nerf-based gun battle with , if she runs out of ammo you are still not safe. She WILL chuck the gun at you.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: chances at making it to the playoffs may be slipping
#69Factsaboutme 21. I have two favorite followers.
LOL ik!i was late cuz i was making me a baigel!geesshh!!!witch has a funny storyy to it!
If you want it.. And BELIEVE it is yours.. You CAN have it!!
my brother and his big foot broke my dogs glass plate :-(
OMG seriously, why create work for us?
Got my starbucks
Its about time the summer starts. Crops made it through the flood. Chilis and tomatoes hangin on the vines. Ah
Where can one go to find clean wholesome freaks?!!
Kidney stones are the worst. Groin, from my experience, never heals or goes away. Could be wrong.
Our new facebook url: facebook.com/bestpracticellc
What do you think about the new Beyonce album?
dont be hating
LiteFM: forever playing "Manic Monday" on not-Mondays.
": RT if you joined twitter not thinking you would get addicted, but you did."
i'm totally on board w/the notion that meat & dairy don't offer anything we can't get from plants. it's just the egg thing...
This sounds like one I need Dave to see.
gahhh ill try :p i wish it was an analysis paper and not a research paper >.>
not an anger tweet...but can we get some Ronnie brewer in the rotation and not have boozer shooting 20 ft baseline jumpers???
it doesn't let be follow anyone but once I get on my laptop I'll follow you
CNN and Arabic hw.
I love They're the band I've seen the most. I think I'm up to 8 times?
REST as a way to make sure developers don't have to know the internals of the system. Good idea.
early may sound about right!? (cc: ) “: I think Indy needs to make it into the vagabond rotation.”
Made it to the Indiana/Kentucky border! Time to find some trouble in Louisville before another driving day tomorrow!
That's correct
"Marginal goaltending by Fleury." HAVEN'T HEARD THAT ONE BEFORE!
Any suggestions for best html/css developer extension for Chrome? Seeking something similar to web console for Safari.
Two other friends to follow: (cool event tonight!) and (beer coming very soon!)
sure thing. happy Friday.
Just saw on TV:)
did I miss #restlesscity in DC???
shooting the look book today! is look book two words or one word? lookbook? our computer autocorrects to cookbook....
shows that gets the connection between the #arts & the impact it has on social consciousness & social justice.
Go you!! This is YOUR year and YOUR time to shine! I'm right there with you!
Thanks for the quick response!
Mid-afternoon Shake Break - BTS Shake - Butterfinger, Twix & Snickers Bits, Vanilla Ice Cream.
It's likely my teacher will see right through the bullshit I am writing for this final and I'm 100% okay with it.
I can't help it! RT: Stop stalking me, Dani! ;) RT Fanfarlo at Mr. Smalls
Getting my ribs done sunday ;)
This child refused to allow the surroundings to determine the future.
If you ever need Dancers or Models for your parties and Mixtapes. We have them with our team links on the page
It's packed at #BroadwayBares tonight! Gonna be a great show!
Beating masochism with better, more productive masochism
Picking to watch the movie 50/50 while sick was probably the wrong choice.
"Six on a Thursday night and you be jonesin baby, For a brother to hold you tight and keep on goin"
Rebekah and 's number were officially blocked. You know why.
Exactly. Just make sure you're involved in school/local plays and find classes near you, and you'll be on your way fast :)
Chick so bad she make me wanna do right
Watching game Malaysia vs Japan.
Done Vegas before.. Not a HUGE fan. RT : Planning my 25th.. Got my eye on a cruise.". cruise den Vegas. You godda go big!
- we do! Maybe next week? I'll shoot you a DM.
#ThosePeople that don't keep their word!
really wish that , , ,and would follow back!! :D xoxo love u guys!
Would live to see & up near the front tonight and finish Top10. The did well last night.
BLUE DEVIL
I love southern lit. - Rick Bragg. I'm also a fan of zombie/vampire. Do you have redneck sci-fi? Sorry, I'm a dork.
Can't beat free publicity! RT : Oh for pete's sake tweet photo, stop blabbing my every move. ;-)
I'm good, thanks! Shopping! :D haha how are you? xx
I wish 2morrow was Friday, 4 real so dat weekend can get here
did u get the responce?
my son is so excited too! What will we do when 30-some kids all get simultaneous sugar highs? :)
LOL at the guy filming - assault gonna end up on the web like the Courthouse beatdown
Hey and whats shakin i wish i could meet u guys u both rock love you both so much RT me and follow me
Hi Kelsey, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
why would lip balms have sulfates?
RT : Our very first DUB LIFE Wednesday Come check out the purrrtty girls & sick light/sound show!...
that's why I say.."hm idkkkkk" *smiles* & *runs*
Cardinals! Nice! If you're not a Texas Rangers fan, this was one of the best games you've seen in a long time.
Let's trade in all our judging for appreciating. Let's lay down our righteousness and just be together.” <U+2015> Ram Dass
Grammy Voters- Do consider: The Music of Randy Newman - Vocal Jazz -Field 10, Category 31 ,
Coming to hang! You gonna be around, lady?
These people look so chinky that when they speak perfect English it just takes you by surprise <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B2>
#DontHateOnTheHomos lol. Just saw your & Iwa's convo to me earlier. WE NEED TO BUMP. Tell me when and where and I'll be there.
i hope berlin or london! Cuz if he goes there theres a big chance i can come to! :):) xx
Yeah, what's up with that? First iPads, then online classes...oh yeah, they may not have a job in the future. Hm, works for me.
Memo to James Murdoch: it's never the crime and always the cover-up that comes back to bite you.
hey hope your having a nice day! <3
THE velvet cake, I can't speak of.
What happened? 'Apparent lack of functionality?' Technical issues or otherwise?
The Angels of Transparency are the holders of the heart.
#userfocus OK we need some case study examples of content strategy...
Let's get a discussion going on the #Celtics decision to ride out with their current roster. Thoughts?
Everyone excited and ready to go! off to Catalina Island... back mainland by Tuesday afternoon. P.S. hopefully the win tonight! ;-)
what? oh, uh yeah. what are you doing here? i thought..*rubs forehead* im confused.
Just made plans to go to my first ever game in May... looking forward to it!
Tired of MMA training. Shits got me worn out. BUT IF ANY OF YOU MOTHERFUCKERS WANT SOME...COME GET IT. ILL FIGHT FOR MONEY$$$$
So R. Randle the next ???
I heard punched a Bitch today lmfao
I'm sorry! I love you and I hope work goes well!
I just had a conversation that involved the words "artisanal sausage."
Doctors increasingly recommend #Turmeric for lasting relief from
The best friendships you have hurt hardest when u fight even if its over nothing
Reminder to those CoMo Cauldroners in KC today: use #CCinKC to communicate on here! We'll connect people as much as we can.
In Spongebob Squarepants, how does a crab have a whale as his daughter?
I'm the same way...always lol
Half of me is like...great lets kill the #Cubs...and the other half is like...do we even have starters for the weekend? We should save runs.
I survived just meant I had to spend more time in the bar drinking beer.
go to sleep
Wonderful—when will you submit that? We're working on an updated version of our paper. cc:
Took almost 6 hours to get to #Austin from #Dallas. I'm sick of this #weather! Please say you are too!
I think its sad that is closing, but hopeful that they will have going out of business sales at the local store so I can stock up
I've got some cool boys!
I think I might like him...:)
I know charges a flat rate of $105. That includes tip and everything.
": #Aries motto: "Ready, fire, aim!" It may be backwards, but you'd rather figure out what to do while you are doing it."
Stars aren't born. They're made.
Can't sleep... Someone sing me a lullaby
I think I'm naturally clumsy. I just hit my head on the sliding door lol
Misperceptions in the mind can disturb the excellence of the heart.
Sunday's party was rather wild and yada yada yada I'm finally at the airport after an unscheduled extra day.
Not much else clears your head quite like a morning run.
Doing the Friday Happy Dance
Ugh Mets rainout = taking boys to 3 stooges movie instead
hahah hopefully it will be a tan by tomorrow or the next day(x
God DID make ugly people.
got it. so when are we ditching the pristine subways of #nyc for the trollies of #sanfran?
Beautiful performance from Bruno Mars and Chris Brown
Lol me too!I feel like wanting to sleep forever and never waking up again, cuz then the whole sore throat thing'd start again!
#Just a kiss on the lips in the moonlight
July 8th is seriously going to be the best day of my life..
- your trilobite necklace is getting positive comments at
As my moms tryn to hook me up with this dude because his eyes are 'gorgeous'. Bitch please, i dont mess with your type of people!
Ha! I've decided to be pro-oxidant. #rebel | via
downtown mi aunt took dis pic... the sign said "we need money 4 weed"
Is excited...... new phone, new tv....thank you uncle sam!!!
Hey pal, my wife, and I are looking forward to seeing you again tonight at your show! And thank you ;-)
Get a Service-Sitter from www.reelsimplelife.com to wait for the repairman or delivery at your home so you don’t have to - whew!
you are really amazing(: I've been listing to your EP all day! Can't wait for you to go on tour so I can try to meet you <3
That 70s Show>>>
I come home and more stress on my shoulders why do I count on people?
Do they "make it rain" by throwing money onto the stage? ;)
Y'all tickle me with Friday Eve, lol. Any excuse to celebrate <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
You got it dude :) Also, my home needs more lamson artwork.
#YouCuteAndAllBut You Not My Cutest;) Lol
Anxiety dream: accidentally use ~quirky~ slide transitions in my powerpoint presentation. Humiliation ensues.
is that for u and ur family to b safe then yea
haha you already know bro lol
I ask because I'm trying 2 find a legit course I can refer people 2 that doesn't fly in the face of current #diastasis research
I'm a perfectionist. It's a Virgo thing and it's debilitating at times. I see it in my son and it freaks me out.
I wish snotty ass broads would eat their make up. That way they can be beautiful in the inside too.
lol naw cuzin i feel some type of way about that
Woot!! You'll be here before you know it! Any fun plans already set?
that would be hilarious I would never stop watching Disney if they did
YES! Can't wait to root on our girl in the National Champs! <3
Last full week of my Freshman year Woah..
Heck 4.75% was available on Monday morning! But in the past 24 hours, that all changed.
WHAT IS IT GOOD FOR ? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING * Jackie Chan Voice* lol
“We’re going to turn this team around 360 degrees.” –Jason Kidd
young ass women I tell u, how u u get mad cause I asked u to get me sum dutches
S. Murayama: Wordle is not just for pretty graphics - kids can analyze an articles using this tool. Gotta follow up with analysis.
RT : Thank you!!! :) You're Welcome:) Please
survived intense rain all night. at the conference. cramming in sessions.
had so much fun at Botanica today with the fam. It blows my mind that God is so creative with every little detail of everything.
Just hitting the road #MuniKids and
entertainment shave me cam wow cool walpapers talking tom mood finger scan voice changer plus glow draw the moron test burglar alarm
save yourselves! #chipperwitch is at it again. see you next time!
Apparently Petsmart product review considers "crap" profanity. So I’ll say it here! That thing was CRAP!!!
been like this all day.
Most commercial search engines provide a mechanism to determine the number of backlinks they have recorded to a particular web page
Life and Love!
aw we miss you too!
Hello the is holding a workshop on Social Media. Would you be interested in presenting? We r raising $$ for scholarships
It's not offensive, but it's also not funny. It's just poorly written. Between this and Boogie Math, I'm questioning your sanity
RT : Tri-City takes 1-0 lead on Jordan Messier power-play goal at 4:27 after #whawks Chase DeLeo went off for high sticking
RT : blah, anyone want 6k? What is that
Thanks to for allowing me into her classroom to judge her students, er...um, critique their presentations. :-)
Happy Mother's Day to all Mom's.
RT : Can anyone explain how #khanacademy videos are NOT the same as lecturing?
Good luck tonight at the Dutch Academy Awards, !
Happy Fourth of July!!!
#Metro Circulator shuts door on little girl in Georgetown. slow down everyone!
No amount of money can make someone happy in a profession if they don't like it. Many ways to change the world.
I must be the only person in America that didn't watch The Avengers this weekend. I'll see it eventually.
1 in 3? Crazy. Parents think this stuff starts in high school but it is earlier than that.
MAKE A DIFFERENCE!
Started it all? Are you a narrator for an ABC Family commercial?
Just paid $92 to get my cox tv back on
Calling all superheroes! We have a battle between & #TheAmazingSpiderman. Which superhero will reign supreme?
great show today, probably the best so far!
Rolling Stones' EXILE sessions to be turned into film - Very Aware
I miss the food in Italy SO much.
oh wow! I'm pale because of the German I think. I'm also Italian, but I didn't get the skin tone of an Italian.
Hope everyone had an awesome little 500 weekend, though! Keep an eye out for some dead week specials over the next few days :)
lol mahomies need to wake up.
thank you
just got done listenin to my insparation to by a rapper, he is so beast, no HOMO, drizzy drake!!!
Totally Agree Michele, Pandora's main hurdle is showing that it is as locally relevant to marketers as AM/FM radio. Nice Step
everyone go to fucking bed!!!
Hey everyone thanks for being so patient with us big things coming up stay tuned !!!
There's a Country Legends station in Houston. W.countrylegends971.com :)
I so can't wait for chicago bears training camp. I'm so excited!!!!!
Yes!! U have had that one for a very very long time something new would be cool!!
sorry for my lack of tweeting today. I will be better tomorrow!
are you ready for a night of drunken debauchery and celebration of your life? We gonna have us some
I'm stalking you.
How to best realize the game and heightening pattern effectively!
This convo you having right now<<<.
go Timbers! #CincoDeMayhem!
i'd rather them win the central every year instead of Shitroit
sorry we missed you - we are not open on the weekends for drop-ins. Hope you swing by another time to check the space out.
=) I hope the rehearsal is going good!
Follow me for my bday-july 24
The paper or the ADD goes away? ...oh shiny...
Hi Matt! I work for the Wikimedia Foundation, actually : ). I can help you with an image. Follow & DM me?
Another great night at Ivy Lounge ! Thanks for that fantastic set last night! It was wild !
congrats on the $1M grant for nonprofits! Glad to see the program on Twitter and LinkedIn too
um yes. I guess lol. Hit me with details. Miss u xoxo
Flyers, you wont be missed
Proud of my Sixers... That last 3 was too nice! My house is loud AF right now lmao
thx for the follow!!
Agree. The true people's champ! And i can't say enough about that mullet!
dr dan
Happy mothers day!:)
Last wknd to see Romeo and Juliet at PCPA Theatrefest. Weather's going to be great for a road trip.
Cooking marathon: cheeseburgers and broccoli slaw for lunch, roasted pepper and olive salad, 2 roasted chickens for shredded meat and soup!
thanks for the follow colin..add us in your tweet and we'll RT
Did you know we have a show soon? A Classic Christmas w/ Shoreline Drive, The Classic Crime & more...
Q6 Yes! We raised awareness through education, shared healthy recipes, & made a donation :)
Full House. Uncle Jessie trumps everything.
Most amazing event ever! Tons of people, red carpet, chicago media! Hope they love her like i do!
I'm really just fleeing the country so I can avoid paying you that beer...
WHAT HAPPENS AT PINK, STAYS AT PINK!!!
My son is wearing my husband out at home...and I'm loving every minute of it!! LOL
When you forget your hashtag <<<
Holiday Open House at located in Southridge Mall Saturday noon-4! Benefits homeless animals!
How was the weekend?
": ": I have the honor of cooking with TUESDAY morning ! Set your DVR !
celebrating my birthday in Florida<3 love it here!
lol aren't you in school anyways? So better if it doesn't rain
I was thinking about how to find iTunes 10 before it's on Software Update. Flashed on using Apple's FTP site. Then remembered it's not 1996.
I certainly WILL because if the Romney freak reaches that pointed castle in DC I'm moving to Costa Rica!
<U+2665><U+2665>YES!!!!! I made my first yellow tower! XD Now I shall leave Tower Bloxx and play another game... Which one? Idk yet :-)<U+2665><U+2665>
umm, i think it's definitely a donkey. you should see everyone driving by slowly to check out that ass.
Good luck, I hope you get it! Thanks again!
Thats the only way the Heat will the championship this year
"I can't walk outside.." aaaahhahahaa
I haven't heard from u forever
I do believe our first indie feature goes into production Summer 2011 in hopes to finish in time for the 2012 festival circuit. Let's hope!
Don't worry, your mock bravado & constant assertion of your heterosexuality definitely won't make me think you like guys. Grow the hell up.
i figured u would :) i meant that
Thanks for retweeting
shyt my vday ending on a u know what f.... u note!
ok I'm free and ready
I'm Blunt. I Speak My Mind, Keep It 100 With Myself & Those Very Few People I Keep Close Around Me
Ryan Zimmerman has new contract. Hope he stays healthy. Season starts soon.
lls!!! They Not For Me!
Call me maybe . <3
If your presence doesn't add value to someones life, your absence will make no difference!
do you really?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada ..
Made me flip the channel. Nasty! RT : What in earth are #RBNY wearing? Kit man bring the wrong shorts?
I don't know if this is really your thing, but did you read the scathing review of NM Tourism ads in the #Alibi today? Page 12.
I hoped advocacy & awareness & evidence presented to NYPD over the past year would have made a difference. But things got much worse.
I guess were good then. I'd say this concludes the wrlds frst tweet-org'd kiddie sleepover. Nice!
when it doubt, use more emoticons.
Broken hearted:-(
they are not sad for themselves,&as a bonus,they are sad for you
"We focus all our energy on things that bring us down; let's put our voices all together, make a joyful sound."
you're welcome!
Dumb dog jumped up with his paws on the counter and ate my pizza .
I caved in and went to class. Finished everything within an hour :)
It is a Dream of Mine To just even get to work with Tyler perry he is an inspiration to me. I want to be my own version of him, Inspired.
Oh, yeh; there's something in the water in Virginia that leads to tech innovation in higher education.
Eventually, the NFL will take the Saints' Super Bowl Championship from 2010 and give the trophy to its rightful owners: The
Life expectancy gains worth $3.2 trillion annually
Ha my classmates think I'm crazy
That's always a good sign. What changes did your 'new idea' bring to the course?
Every Morning this Bitch tries to start something W/ someone. -__-
quotes from #libraryschool "paperbacks are just notepads, paper with glue holding them together"
you think you're a dad but you're not.
:P mage Non Alcoholic Blender Drink Recipes
You know you're a piece of shit when people refer to you as "the tan mom."
France is fabulous.......Miriam Sarbac from the Asperger Amitie Wall has done so much for the Aspie children of France. A GREAT MOM!!!
Gina, I like your frankness
When someone you're talking to compares you to someone else...like no, this isn't a competition.
I know. He's so patient waiting for his morning java aka biscuits that the coffee lady gives him.
bwahahaha! are you on ?
because I suck at keeping up with my twitter. ):
I am great and you? did you see my jewelry for ISF?
8 minutes to #sharktank. Best show of the week.
I'm in the mood for some wine...I never drink wine!
I.want.October.NOW.
sorry bout your finger but that view you have is excellente!
i love you austin!!! your amazing im a proud mahomie!!
Night # 2 of my Birthday Bash is at Dirty!!! See you all there! :-)
See you at 5!
could use Criteria Checklist from CHIN's Collections Management Software Review - its outdated but something like that . . .
Music is my escape
do you ever have problems with breathing and chest pains? like sharp pains?
lol I don't think I have any pics of me mayb just me and my dog lol
Do you think its because were near DC? or bc large campuses have dealt with shootings recently?
Student stabbed by another student at Cesar Chavez Charter School. More information shortly on www.krqe.com.
Sorry for the unfollow my friend but no follow back.
Thanks to everyone who bought our album this past month! Bc of your generosity, we donated $278 to Save the Children's efforts in Haiti.
5omething'5 wrong with the crawler on the
I have what I think is an old play of yours...Mae & Her Stories. I'd like to ask you about doing a reading of it.
Meetings just aren't the same without and ! But we're about to adjourn :)
RT : "Without an understanding of this history, you live in a fantasy"
right back at you both. :)
2012 looking bleak again, another opportunity slowly slipping away, can't believe this is happening
Goodnight rain, goodnight kittens, goodnight yesterday, and hello a new dawn tomorrow.
the cheapest is like 30 :)
"all I really want is to be happy, and to find a love that's mine it would be so sweet" Be Happy by Mart J Blige <U+2764>
Should I be concerned that my son asked me if we can stay up and wait for Santa so we can rob him?
Got a story that's Pudding-Worthy? Shoot us a news tip
last weekend I ran a 5k in 25:01. Not bad but I've got more speed, I know.
Thank you. We're checking in with our customer service department and will get back to you soon!
DONT WRITE ME FUCKIN BITCH PEOPLE!!!!!!..
HoHoHo Merry Christmas I talked to Santa he told me that ZUZU was his place to eat when traveling through.Always missing food on the 26th.
#FREEKBOT Feb 11th with Special Guest Razor Sharp and #Firecat451!!
Prom tomorrow!
The only thing that would have made the Caps victory over Boston better is if Obama scored the game winner
Take 5 minutes a day to write down what you’ve eaten for the day and your feelings with what you did eat. Recognize unhealthy patterns...
AWESOME .net developer needed in houston. .net ans sql experience
Out for dinner soon with him and mama Jay
I'm glad I don't get stupid game request on twitter.
If you don't have plans this weekend, seriously consider Cocktails-4-Canines this weekend! Booze, cupcakes, good cause...duh!
Bottom line When Barrons prints in its cover "Buy Oil" Short as fast as you can for a cinch trade...
So pumped for Wheels-n-Meals (12400 SW 152 st) Thursday 5:30-11pm! Bring your bike, car, boat, whatever & enjoy the show & food!
You's were bound to win man! Yass are class!
Ha! We keep it real. RT : thanks for having us! $25/year is too lil for membership considering all u do. Justsayin.
bro relax!
Thank you! Xoxo!!!
I don't think I want to find out.
Str8 mortals - you may get tonite. But Every day IS Otterween - for your information. Mwah hah hah!!!!
Go team Chi-Town! RT Listening to the Chicago fellows talk about their #Open311 project.
i want a baby brother or sister... i dont like being the last born kinda suks :(
Well how's that for the nicest thing anyone's ever said? Looking forward to #cwcon!
lol [This is priceless]...bet you'll get a photography reply.
Please pray for the Knowltons again. They lost their Grandfather right after they lost Krystle. Thx
Gave a 100th TNLP Podcast shoutout to and And thank you all for this. We couldn't do without you twitterland.
Think positive.
See what?
I haven't been tweeting much recently, I've been extremely busy.
Choir concert. :)
would you be interested in some cross promotion? or having a semi final dance contest at your establishment?
Hot sauce on tuna tastes amazing
I wish I were musically talented.
eats my dry cinnamon mini squares
Kevin Gregg is not even the closer anymore and he gets booed.
Bridgewater Ridge Hockey Broadcast 830pm baby for MSG Varsity!!! Ill let all you optimum subscribers know when it reairs.
At the CRS Implementing Social Media into Real Estate & Everyday Life Conference in Richmond, VA!
see the 3 be the 3
RT : Life in the Democratic Congress: Another Day, Another Bailout.> I think its American's fault b/c they keep send ths thugs $
RT : When speaking with someone in-person or in a meeting, people know when you’re trying to sneak a peek at your phone.
- Welcome! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Tonya will forever have my respect after the night she has had. -Jesse-
love ya too!
RT if you wish you could be Romo , snuggle up with aus10 every night get kisses from him all the time. sit on his lap and get stroked by him
you go to the gym, I'll go to bed
Thanks to & I'm about to crack the cover on Angels of the Deep by - let the adventure begin!
Required reading: MARS by Fumiko Soryo. A brilliant example of excellence within genre.
that is because there is nothing better than hoodies :)
I don't think she ment it like that aha.. i really hope not.
Adding this to my book list :) RT The Lifeboat: A Novel
Nice, that series looked good. I see Portland trip coming soon.
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
Last week was 'interesting'. Time for a mid-year fresh start.
you know Ben would be the first one to throw some fades ha
What interview?!? They only have
Craigs list puppy > craigs list kitty
Beautiful morning in Balboa Park, complete with a delicious cappuccino from Daniel's. Excellent way to start a Friday.
's Christmas song had me totally in stitches! Love
I have a vid on my phone of that laser show. GAH.
just had a great meeting with 16 Univ of Oregon students on alternative spring break in DC to learn more about
blah ... more clinics tonight ...
Me love me some Target
yes...I got that. Please feel free to explain more obvious things to me.
Oh and it's Friday the 13th... This doesn't bode well
I got the top of following.
So tired, ready to go homee!!
That mother fucker!!
enjoying the last of our 2005 H3 Cab tonight! Tastes wonderful.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Kids can complete their public school online these days and both parents can monitor their progress online.
that awkward moment when u realize ur textin the wrong person ha xD
#Shoutout to my new followers , hmu for a follow back .
Our new song will be up on Myspace and Facebook around 12 ! Be sure to check it out and let us know what you think!
I have heard stories about Patterson co-writer contracts that stipulate font size for their names.
i would get so much more sleep if gossip girl wasn't so addicting
somewhat true
thanks for the love:)
Watched "A Christmas Story" on Netflix last night and had sweet sleep. ;-)
Are you interested in a collaboration with one of the artists that I represent?
Kevin Durant will easily win the MVP this year no question about it
well ur on ur brothers ipod right? if he has it set up it will say what his is connected by
Re-tweets are sweet! And sugar-free!
i might just pop out at you! :)
congrats Kevin! Making Wisco extremely proud!
Bright pink deer are surprisingly funny looking.
next social strategy for - influencers.
Also, letting me keep my current one until the one new one arrives.
How long has Scrambler Marie's been there? Gone yet?
When yells at me, #coffeebaby mimics her. I hope this new baby is a boy that's on my side.
I have way too much stuff #thisisbad!
I cannot recall ever getting to a Brewer game early enough to see the opening pitch.
Captain Jack Sparrow
Holy hops, Batman! just posted our review on their Facebook page. Thanks!
Had a great time meeting
Thank you.
Your Cute (;
Saw a tweet from Tonya that said they were functioning with a backup generator.
Do i "always" have to be correct? OR can i be a human being and make an error?? I vote error. It keeps me normal.
I hadn't thought about doing a line, but I should. What would your ideal sympathy card look like?
My job reminds me a lot of detention...but worse, because i can't sleep -__-
Why can't everyone just get along? The world would be so peaceful!
hey man :) thanks so much! It didn't make it into my inbox though, try emailing ... thanks again!
My question now is whether or not I should read the next 3 (?) novels or if I should move on to more Miéville.
Ukrainian and Russian Beliebers love you too so much Justin,you don't visited our countrys and you don't gave concerts...
I can't wait to try it!
Getting ready to try and speak not stupidly like on "Local Food and Local Wine and Why They Don't Like Eachother" panel at #DLW conference
Eating some kind of pizza.
August will be the best month ever! Paradise will be out on the 28th and on the 29th is liam payne's bday! Wooohhoooo!
thanks for checkin it out
do i want churches or no .. hmm
After the time in the capital I feel up to do something bak in Hurricane, where the cool people are. Why are we cool? Cause we save money.
Good friends are like stars you don't always see them but you know they're always there
hit my email at
Thanks for your support Andrew! We appreciate it.
The black cat currently has 123,803 miles. She still has a lot of purr and hiss left.
There's a drink called skinny water now? Diet water? Are you for real??
My cat has decided she likes to be cleansed with warm washcloths. This now makes me her butler.
I literally have 1/2 a friend in Arizona. Lonely as fuck.
no you walked away to the concession stand & we just rolled out
FYI, seems to be working with 1.5.0 though.
MT Today in #Herstory: In 1916 Margaret Sanger opened the first birth control clinic in U.S.
that's so fucking hot dude! :) nice
Happy birthday to my beautiful and talented friends and ! Love you both!!!!
Thanks LA! Is there somewhere online we can tune into your Hooters Nation Morning Show??
I handle marketing and social media for other people all day long, it's time I focus more energy on my own endeavors.
you know what i'm talking about,end result look out for yourself cause if you don't know one else will.
Waiting on my girl to finish cooking these steaks is making me feel impatient.
no your dicks to big i dont want that in my vagina<------funniest shit i heard today xD
Hillary to meet Jayalalithaa in Chennai
": sun raped .... #burned :)" that's an understatement lol
"Urban transit systems...have become a genuine civil rights issue." - MLK (#J15 '29 - #A4 '68)
so all of my chats with my 11yo on 'what's appropriate' just flew out the window. Thx gaga
Thanks for the follow! WOW on what you do for entrepreneurs, authors, connectors. Hats off to you!
so hot.
Good morning everyone! #Shoutout to God for doing work, letting us all see another day!
Design & credit attribution for scholars, coders: We need to "roll the credits" for DH projects
That awkward moment when you try to break up a nug you found on the floor and it ends up being dried dog poop.
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I'm probably gonna feel like an outcast. Everyone saying goodbyes and what not. I'll probably be by my self.
Time to pack for Boston then get practice for my show tonight!! Hope to see yall there :) Mozarts, lake Austin blvd 7:30 come say hi!
Oh yeah, this is just weird though
Good Afternoon Tweetopia!!!!!
I hope I never run into Michael Imperioli in a bar.
the first year mfas! arabian effing nights!
Don't be mad
you're named after Sam I Am right?
The Raven was an ok movie but not great & The Cabin in the Woods had a shocking cameo but not my kind of movie but great for it's genre
Omg I didn't even notice they put sugar on Lou in the first picture lolol
too excited to sleep in! Gonna go watch you on tv. Xo
Even if you won't be physically at the #SILTweetUp you can virtually attend & tweet at/with us! Will miss y'all.
haha that's funny
Oh yes. Many fond memories of the modem grinding to set up a DOOM or RotT deathmatch :)
right side...i'll get back to you on that! I WANNA GO SO BADLY! omigosh its so not fair.
Its raining so hard that we have tornado warnings in Phoenix AZ
right on.
As of now, OSAA Class 6A, 5A and 4A football finals will take place as scheduled at Reser Stadium in Corvallis.
Cool, stop flirting with my girlfriend before I knock you the fuck out.
IT'S THE STOCK HOLDERS MONEY, NOT LIBERALS "MONEY"
For you I'd write a symphony.
Just delivered cookies to Queen Anne... and warmed up with their #vegan / #glutenfree Lemongrass Risotto. So good!
RT can't believe Michael Jackson is dead. That's gotta be the wierdest thing he's ever done!(I think its less weird.)
Comm. McDowell, internet going mobile, minorities leading the way; allow consumers informed choices n competitive mktplace.
Full faith in my music but I was always tought to have a plan B
It's Friday Night and I'm sitting at home
How was #NIGHTSWEATS rehearsal? Any commuting adventures to report?
Simultaneously excited and terrified. So happy to finally get this project up and running. Now all we need is some funding! Please help! RT
i ship niam so hard. they're just so adorable. when they're together its like puppies pooing rainbows & glitter. yea.
#ISecretlyLove nothing. I usually tell ladies I love them. Better chance of getting laid. Don't admire from afar..
that shit is hot
Bout to crank this shit out. I need to play
Hey Fans, Log in and check us out we have some big upcoming events !!!! www.iBand.me
patience is a virtue. especially while driving
iPhone (unequivocally, without even asking what you need it to do)!
No clear answer but Lynn Hickey says for football vs tx state, still need to see if they'll be in the schedule.
The size of 's ass in the 'Starships' video is not real life. She's just great.
Just got a shout out, thanks Aaron
Have a fabulous Friday!
Sort of like Bloodsport, but not at all.
Linsanity.... That is all
I just ate come dark chocolate.
Teachers orientation starts today at #DreamYard Art Center! See you all there.
Rick, you're better than that.
That damn tv just scares the hell outta me.
Uugg it's early
: Crime went down in areas where public housing existed b/c many residents were relocated 2 neighboring counties. Ask Clayton Co?
All Nighter With Jordan ((: This Is Gonna Be A Loonnggg Night :p
I'm fine Thanks.! Whats ur name.???
IM THE FACE OF MY COMPANY!
320 off NFL rosters so far...only another 864 to go by Saturday. This last preseason game means a lot to those guys on bubble.
Take the light rail, pretty easy. Follow the signs in the airport. Get off @ Nicolette. Go 5 blocks W on Marquette 2 10th St
If You Have A Problem With Somebody Just Tell Them, Don't Expect Them To Read Your Mind...
Watching basketball wives w.
Yea this isn't gonna work out
#HomeSweetHomeRT I live in the STUDIO!!!!!
Happy Birthday
yes! We'll have to go!
I think I am going to use two rectangle tables with box pleated linen covers until I find just the right thing. I love the antique
Geocaching: "We use multi-billion dollar military satellites to find Tupperware hidden in the woods."
just surprised me with flowers. At work. Just because. <3
My bros new girlfriend is awesome! Can't wait to party again
"LOVE IT WHEN YOU TAKE IT TO THE TOP" .... .. . . #PARTYRIOT STATUS
The future is taking shape now in our own beliefs and in the courage of our leaders
I love watching House Hunters.
Miss you too! We need to catch up:)
At least it's not a loss. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Is there published research about effectiveness of stand-alone K-12 social studies vs "humanities" classes (integrated SS w/ELA)?
Invest in Yourself, Workout with Me!
“: A 4 minute PR on "Christine" this morning AND I did it RX for the first time!!!! #crossfit” huge!!
Best song by is "Mystifyed" Got The Album "This Is My Time" wen i first entered high school i still jam to it! btw im 21
My mom think zayn is hot, but she only has a chance with harry...
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 253
haha I wouldn't be surprised
Goin to sleep gotta get up n 5 hours n run the track n hit the gym
Posted up at gamestop wit some goons waiting for #mw3 to drop at 12
my favorite way to spend time? ad hoc meetings!
what do you mean?
Guy next to me just blurted out "Jesus Christ - what the he'll is going on" at all the traffic downtown. I said "ahh..... The Super Bowl"
Hey, ! I was just thinking about you! Yes it is! And we are very excited about it!!! Would love to chat and get feedback.
On average a persons hair stops growing at 3 ft 91 cm
#imagine Zayn: you naughty girl get on the bed. you: make me. Zayn: i'm your commander *winks* you: oohh i'm so scared *winks*
I took no pleasure in watching that game. Negative pleasure.
awe man I was hoping it be the other way around haha jk :b but that sounds like a great plan, I don't think they charge to
I know... but... I still don't want to listen to Pitbull.
Eye infection?...... No I got into a bar fight
Alrt friends, doing heavy work tonight on #undergroundhiphop on #slacker. What suggested heaters u got for me to check for and add?
For last yr’s words belong to last yr’s language & next yr’s words await another voice. And to make an end is to make a beginning. TS Eliot
Yep! Super tasty. :)
man yea u already know that feast Sat was on point!
RT : Bob Dylan: 'The first guy I met in #Mpls like me was John Koerner.' Free Koerner Concert 2 pm @ Hosmer Library in
Thanks! There might be hope yet for my wild and wacky (and loveable) #UU Fellowship!
Walmart, other bigs are moving to cash in on public $ available to fight food deserts. Would it be better to invest in local alternatives?
Teaching it it's place.
good idea, I'll do that one during our next lecture :-)
To the person who continues to libel me in an Italian newspaper, I say: morte!
when is the next trunk show in Southern CA, preferably San Diego? Fiancé needs to pick a matching band?
Get out your #SmartPhone, Upgrade your #DataPlan, Tell your wife you're busy. 's back, & this time I'm bringing the
oh... my.... god.... hahah. im in shock. he blocked me from facebook a while ago .. not sure why lol kick her ass
the way you make me feel you really turn me on
yesr i do....ha....that shits easy money....plus since my uncle owns the club i dont have to do shiat....lol....
it's my sister! And it's her puppy! So... It's the puppy's mom!
“ RT if you agree that EVERYBODY IS BEAUTIFUL in there own way. Because nobody is perfect.”<U+E329>
Can you get a subscription to Camtasia?
lets do it the week after..
Gosh I feel a sickness coming on...
P.s. I'm at main event ill buy u a beer come now.
Finished my Anatomy project :D
My Workout is Effective.
Social media causes what is referred to as FOMO -- The fear of missing out
Memorial Day is coming up. Is our annual meet-up far behind?
hey lady shoot me a text pls had to get a new phone
Drakes Coffee Cake, Duane Castro, Jackie Chiles, Eduardo Chorrochio
Very attractive photo.
Try one of our Kremey or Fruity Krispy Kreme Chillers - one of many that complement a delicious doughnut!
Nothing much just hagging and looking for a family and Edward or anyone
I want to go to sleep but food seems to be getting in the way of that
$99 dollar XBOX on the way... (with 2 year contract) You heard it hear 1st..
Happy new year to u 2
Not everyone is good at brewing beer.
I'm missing my other half...
Movement Mondays is on air right Now!! If you like Hip-hop we'll be bumpin mostly underground and oldschoo Hip-hop todayl!!
I keep trying to skip steps in my own Writing A Great Script Fast step-by step process. I have to go back and do it in order. I'll email me.
Oh! Now I get it...lol.
The girrrlss room!
need a ride? I got you
The GMC Compilation album is going to be nasty!
Lights are back on! In memory of the great #blackout of 2011 use coupon code blackout and save on a waterproof ipod. 9/8/11 Never forget.
As it withers, brittle it shakes. Can you whisper, as it crumbles and breaks. As you shiver, count up all your mistakes....
PEE! Good to hear from you. I worked w/ Poop at Videoport years ago, and see him around sometimes. Thanks for checking out my site.
me too Benny! #goodoledays “: I miss being kept in line”
Are you making fun of me, brah?
"can i have a bad bitch w/o no flaws come to meet me w/o no draws"
Currently listening to: Adele - Turning Tables.
Would you ever consider doing the Big Spring Jam Festival in Huntsville, Alabama?
Fuzzy yellow balls
i'm afraid that's exactly why I personally never use Premiere - isn't that weird?
Going home.
Nutrition Myth: You should eat anything and everything you want when you are trying to gain muscle.
Get all the reaction to Lou quitting on the #Cubs here-WWW.ussportspages.com
My #fridayreads was "I am a genuis of unspeakable evil & i want to be your class president"
Damn bra!! Where u find dat 1 at?! Send me an mp3 fam!!
Welp, it's still Monday, I hate everything about Mondays.
ooh ooh i want a tablet!!
seriously how do you have hood night one night and gay night the next!!!!!!! Who does that????? lmao
NICE! Gonna be a packed house
Isn't that the plot of BSG?
Imma drink this Peach Ciroc to ease this KNICKS lost!
i like that !
hope everything's ok, David!
talented people :)
I thought I knew....been wondering as of late.
Trying to scramble for a flight. I hope to be out Tuesday if everything come together. So much to do, so little time
You know it's bad when this account had to be created.
Storm approaching western Dodge county showing a little rotation. Watching closely.
lol well wake my ass up :)
#sacscoc create necessity for preparing & attending class
#3days till the Boyfriend video <3 I also want #BELIEVE here now (: make June 19th come faster!(:
It's the other part of the country that people in DC and NE forget exist and then wonder why they are losing votes.
twitter's character count is actually 140 mr tomb
. well, I'm teasing up my hair & heading ovah! 'Everybodees workin for the weekend...'
Actually, it's because I mixed up the tweet conversations and thought you'd named your third nipple "Andy."
Staff weary of user feedback? Abomination! No, really!
At American University offers 2, 3, and 4 week programs for students to get hands on experience in the world of communication!
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK I need more followers!!!! :-)
RT 2 hrs left! Win 2 tix to see Beckham & LA Galaxy take on DC United this Sat. RT this tweet until 5pm to win!
Who needs #comic-con when you have #rooftopless ?
Isn't it creepy/weird that the CRT has become an artifact of another age? I feel old.
I'd Rather have watched commercials than that craptastic half-time show
Looking for a co-owner!
Guess he felt the need to text me just rub the dirt in the wound a little more, mission accomplished #timetodrinkwho'scomingwithme
300 people 'googled' us to find our website in Nov. If they made a donation they'd get a keyboard calendar with our web address on it!
Im at my photo shoot! I should be tired but this is absolutely energizing! Love you guys
well hello Keith ;-)
What else are we up to? We're hosting a screening HACR's "Insider Game" documentary on Dec. 8th at Time Warner in NYC. Rsvp info to follow.
RT : Being healthy is just the slowest way to die... -
SAD RT : MAYBE I SHOULD TALK ABOUT LIGHTSKINNED GIRLS, SO SHE CAN "SMACK ME UP" O_o LMAO
hahah. I know. Crazy, right? :)
need a link?
Or ninjas!!! You have such gorgeous children!!!!
Awww, shucks. <blush> Thanks: that means a lot!
I had no clue what to do so I called them & told them he was out there the lady responded saying ”omg where 'bout is he? we sholl forgot em”
Nap time!
What? There's no one funnier than Bachmann..funny that people actually take her seriously, of course.
wasn't it a bowling alley? Idk, all I know about great literature I learned from wishbone.
Win or go home #NW #nuggets vs
You know I used to loathe a lot of country songs. That is until I kind of wrote one today. Guess I better buy some boots...
Hi (: how are you today ? <3
Barry doing his thing ...
I wish I was in Milwaukee so I could catch the bus to the lake!!!!
Thank you for the follow - looking forward to your updates/opportunities!
Lol this ugly little girl popping and attitude on here.
Let's go !
Save the paper! Use multiple channels for your message #Salsa2011 REACH!
Ask he has been there a few times
followed, follow back ? :)
We'll be closed this Sunday for Easter. Open tonight with Fish Friday and Saturday taco night!
Apparently a happy bunch...
LOL He wont go unless you remind him every sec. lol i would bother him lol :3
NEW Single "Tongo" in the making, available on Facebook soon! Don't be the only one without it!
Took the day off, played Pokemon for 8 hours, read comics, and ate pizza. Yup, I'm 12. And single.
we should record a new track soon embracing angry. Sundays are usually open
I urge everyone to support the Innocence Project get innocent wrongly convicted people out of prison. Support DNA testing.
Just heard on of Spkr McNulty's treachery in sending #civilunions to Military Affrs cmte to die. #GOP dirty tricks boundless.
oh ok They any good lol
Also, checked out your website. You do some pretty kewl work! Now I'm hungry. :)
Thanks dude!
right like for real
Have a tattoo you regret? October special: 50% off ArtErase, pain-free laser tattoo removal. 866-Reveal.Me (866-738-3256).
I'm working all day tomrrow *sigh* i go through hell just to make my money.
Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first...Stop in @ Firehook Bakery and Coffee House!!
- you inspire me! <3
yo evan... let these fools know what time it is...
Now over 120 camps on our schedule for this summer. We've hired more outstanding college coaches-Will accept another 20 high school programs
DUDE you're the shit.
Happy Saturday everyone! I'm on my way to cover the West Indian Junior Parade in Crown Heights.Hoping the rain holds off for these kiddies!
On my way to another jail... Is it a crime to look this good? If so, lock me up! Lol.
All this hatin that is going around is getting old.
At the Museum of Science an Industry talking about extending the family and increasing access for kids.
you're evil!
Happy Holidays from Bye June
Tying run at the plate in the figure of Jason Giambi...
I hate when i fuck up..i just hate it!
in the middle of dunes drinking MGD listen to old school skid row
Yes..he was terrified last night.
MTV's Fantasy Factory and Nitro Circus on tonite Travis p. tries to back flip monster truck...kick ass.....the best shows every sunday
The Frantic in Philadelphia, PA tonight at North Star Bar. Playin' with our new buddies in 21+ starts at 8pm
Join Susan Bernstein for her Evolving Directions lecture "My Archives: Print, Digital and In Between" on 5/1,8 1:30-3 @ Memorial room 126.
- Candy Shop by =p
aye buy a Hawk Card from me son
I'm comparing brandy back then to rihanna now. Brandy don't fit into this era. Music all about sex now, that's not her style
I really don't want him to be mad at me all day.
#StupidQuestion #RigSoHard RT : Hm mm......I wonder why all the teams without "Stars" are getting their ass handed to them mm
I hope the rest of these speeches are brief
Don't take the bait.
Right !! He just died .... I'm not sure to be happy or sad about this ... He was a hella jerk .
You better stop for food. I fear for the dogs if you come home that hungry.
Tonight is the night I finally start my taxes. Ick. Bleh. GAH!!!!
HOLY HELL IT MIGHT HAVE WORKED
We're headed to Eastburn for this week's PR 3.0. Join us for happy hour & spirited social media discussion Thurs. at 4: www.theeastburn.com
Yes Connor Frizzelle! Way to pull it out even though it wasn't out best game. Everyone who played contributed.
Like my facebook music page. Upcoming R&B Producer. www.facebook.com/calisadroitprospect
are you going to the Boston #TeeParty August 11th man? Should be a crazy event!
hookah and music with come chill with the two sexiest men on UC's campus. also may join us lol
RT : ESPN should just buy VERSUS and get it over with.
I'm really excited to see your tweets about baseball ratings this season.
Omg hot Koreans at the counter!!!! My day is made!! :D
Making the great depression my bitch!
They ain't gone never learn.
Yup. I think we can finally call it. RT : And that's the ballgame, folks
Happy birthday, Neal Cassady!
Good morning good #tea people! Today is a great day for watching dreams come true. Don't miss a moment.
Check out our new website!!!
Just hang on!
Ok November and Day 2 of Storyworld lets rock.
Sick in bed :(
MT We've grown a supportive, intimate community doing this + see resonant challenges, hopes + ideas. Nice self-check, too. :)
MY LLAMA CRASHED A WEDDING TOO
Grinding at the Palomar. I need to bink a tourny or something.
I am...drinking water instead...but its just not as much fun as cinnamon toast crunch...lol
Happy birthday
lol you have a great sense of humor.have you ever gone wine tasting
I don't want to be your favorite or your best. I want to be your only one and make you forget the rest.
All Good..
I'll sit there all day n be anti-red niggas. Then somehow they manage to find my ass. N I actually date them. Knowin damn well ion like em
R.I.P to the great Whitney Houston :(
The price of covering Alabama football? Tweeting gymnastics. That is all.
As if he hasn't done enough he got me sick ..... ain't that a bitch
oh really?!? How is going so far?
ohh you were so tired you couldn't sleep (:
IF I was having a child in the near future ... I'd make sure it's initials were MKG!!
yay!!! Cant wait to see my girls again!
it's clear after reading the interview, that Joe did not try or think to cover anything up.
same here :( haha De little ceasars or costco :9
Excuse me for being awkward my fellow followers.
web team: transferring over web content to the new site with cms. lookin' good so far.
Back to the Doctors in the a.m. Get to go pee in another cup. Yay for them contaminating my previous urine sample.
thank you! :)
Agreed! I feel like I once saw a competition for works <90s, but ultra-miniature miniatures sounds like more fun!
i can really use a relaxation right about now. if u know what i mean ;) lol
Fa Shanks!
isn't is so sad! I think I tortured myself and watched it more than 50 times!
Happy #FF to people who get us through the week:
Why do people find Sarah silverman funny? Did I miss something?
She likes the taste of captain Morgan <U+E30C> cigarettes <U+E30E> oh she adores them. She can get a little crazy sometimes <U+E105>
Now that will be my favorite day of the year. Lucky... er, smart Jennifer!
someone like u!! ;)
Good for you! And I recommend Toastmasters to hone in on your speaking skills! :)
I'll have to ask him, I think he's from around there too- God Bless, remember work everyday to reach your goal- Its possible
go to sleep man
Let me rephrase, b/c of #burningman I made a trip to an event I otherwise would not have & experienced such a joyous epiphany that I needed
I'd rather go all in. ;)
hate you asshole
Baseball: New York Yankees closer Mariano Rivera suffers torn knee ligament ... - San Jose Mercury News - Error
wicked tired peace out twitter scouts! :)
That moment when you corrected the teacher: (<U+2267><U+25BD><U+2266>)—<U+261E> HA! BITCH U WRONG!
nope a woman and play the man!
Three trips to ACC... Three TRAINS!!!
ya my cousin is freaking out lol she's cracking me up!!
": I need more time to practice nail art I've been practicing my hello kitty nail art" <--- 3D or draw... Anyway both r cute
Hello, pretty!
Hey Jim. Congrats on getting in so early. Thanks again for taking a few minutes to chat at the karaoke at
Become high off life. Move and do something. Go crazy and krunk. Get your weight up. #Get KRANKD!
one more month to the year,seems like yesterday was January 1st,& a once blank calender is down to it's last page,heres to makin it hapn
yeah but idk i hope so.... lol so wat u doing now
me too!! Love chocolate milk!
A great tenants meeting at 470 Ocean Ave. We got clear direction on how to get things fixed. The notorious Pinnacle Mgmt. Beware!
String overloading is the work of the devil.
#JustPromiseMe you'll keep your promises.
no more in-laws at my house. . . YAY for going home to a quiet house tonight :)
Today the National WWI Museum will be FREE in commemoration Waddell & Reed's 75th anniv & National Military Appreciation Month
On this day in 1944: The World War II Battle of the Bulge ended.
shoes for school ?
#TeamFollowBack Retweet If You Need More Followers!! (Must Be Following me - im doing promo with 52,000+ Followers !
Waking up to an empty house>>>
there was that brief, awesome time when someone grafitti'd the monroe. If she was all grafitti I could be on board.
I think "We Found Love" wins the 2012 Superbass Award for overplayed pop song I don't mind hearing all the fucking time.
had a good time 'slapping haman' on my dumbek at yi this morning.... :)
Loving having my iPhone back!
wake and bake right after my corn flakes
Clay "Vegas says your 12th best in SEC". Dooley "I think we are finally talented enough to compete. About what happens on the field"
just spent the last hour getting fucked <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> im bout to smoke & knock.
at the moment? no. although I should probably sign up for one to force myself to train. i've been lazy for the past several months
RT : Best thing Bears have done this offseason is adding competition to positions that need it. Competition raises level of play
and luckily we are 100% chip timed by !
much love my man
Checking in for the 4th year in a row @ Starzyk's New Years Eve party..this live year Blues under the stars....Magical! Happy 2012 y'all!
understood thanks we are in L.A area and so far ten others.
I can't wait to have an experience too if just Dm'd once thats all the experience I need
Bad bitches wit no walls <<<<
no, just drug and alcohol...my mom wants me to take it at a DMV...i think it would be easier and faster if i just did it online.
Why don't you tell us Wayne?
all you talk about is soccer lol
#ListOfTurnOns when guys dress cute, but don't try hard.
Then go to sleep(: : I'm so freakin tired , I'm sore af too! ): What the hell, my eyes be closin.-.
Watching play softball tonight. What else would I want to do with my Friday?
People must not know I got special vision I can clearly see through the bullshit
turns out riding shotgun may not be all it's cracked up to be.
Good morning to all my amazing Tweeps! (I will being back asleep soon, I'm having an insomnia blip here) Had HH w/ the Tigers last night!
how is the not smoking going.
hey ya'll, sock it to me, glad to be following you
Well there weren't actual tears....unlike the Dawson's Creek series finale <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I haven't even started it yet
Call me stan cuz I'm always on standby
NO YOU'RE NOT EDGAR
So grateful for great family, friends and our four-legged bundles of joy who greet us at our front door.
If u every get caught sleeping at work,jus slowly raise your head in say 'in jesus name I now say AMEN..Lmao works every time ..
We're taking your calls on O's, Caps/NHL Playoffs, Lax and NBA Playoffs. 410-704-5309
You didn't miss anything. General assessment from several people was "a few good booths but overall it was repetitive & bland."
how odd. Maybe try again later. Link just worked for me.
Lmao u a trip RT "Hopefully in 2012 , lacefronts will be banned"
I just saw it in its entirety for the first time last year...
Hopefully that somebody will appreciate it people these days aint faithul
Polly will be pleased. RT : Mountain Empire has a snow day tomorrow!
I'm really liking the new twitter look, very slick. The official iOS app for the iPhone especially so.
nope, I don't get financial aid during the summer so I have no choice lol and nope I work in the mall now
The faster we yawn through Hunger Games, The Amazing Spider-Man, & The Avengers, the faster we can cheer through The Dark Knight Rises.
Do you think its' better for brands to allow others to post on their walls or not?
Ive always done best at hiding how i really feel .
Thanks for following fam
I seriously need to stop listening to Throne at work. I wanna dance around my cube.
haha am one of them..but am from kuwait..If U know it
BOYFRIEND PLAYING ON Z100!
If you’re catching @ #TheVic, join us for $3.50 PBR tall boys before the show! We’re just down the street from the concert.
Barf. Most overvalued degree by far. RT New estimates peg the law school class of 2015 w/ an average debt of $210,796
she sits next to me in math. We're friends..
sorta! I think she looks more like you though.
<3 FFL's range of programming -- crafts, hard-core techie, book-making/writing -- 4 all ages. FabLab = USEFUL space, not just cool.
I was just at the Lego store... What what!!!!
Just cut my hair on Mad Men....sorry....but my manager likes it...
Great job last night! Show is terrific - but then, you know that.
WWOS doesn't consider mental health issues a joke.
Holy hard shells! Arcteryx shells, insulated jackets hats, and shirts has arrived at both shops!
Did you know we are announcing our new 2011/2012 Season this Sunday?! Any guesses which shows will come to Baltimore?
Superman Kids T-shirt DC Comics Logo Shield Black Tee Youth
All the money raised at the 34-year-old tourney has gone to Paraguay. Speaks volumes about their relationship with the Kurrles.
they didn't even give me an application because i'm still seventeen. i fucking hate my life
so we've been quiet for a while.....I'll give you a hint why: Android.
Home from the hospital. Whew, its been a while..
This one is cooking-themed, so likely much less snark :(. But the snark is not gone for good — it will be back!
": #Pacers #fuckyeah"<-just like the old times watching on the deck!
buddy the elf
Damn I Kant Sleep It's 3:30 n The Am N Im Still Wide Awake......Fuck it Bout 2 Hop On This Big Bang Theory Season 4
"Tell-a-Vision"
good luck!!
Yes, OF COURSE can come!! Seriously, let's do this. :)
When you desperately need love, the best thing to do is give love and you will be fulfilled.
Nothing like road head on a road trip.
"Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart."
Good morning Twitter family, live your best life today!
Tip off for rival game in less than 4 hours! Best of luck to the women who tip off in 2 hours. We need the at 100% tonight!!
Bring in the goats..
There will be cuddling.
yes. Totally.
#MuchLove B-Lock!! Shouts to !!
Customer validation of planned initiatives is exceptionally motivating. As is spending a day engaging with dynamic people.
ditched ff myself bout a year ago. Tried chrome but it didnt take. Now using IE. Sigh.
Thanks so much! I'm better now! It was a stupid implusive decision that I regret, but I'm much better now. <3
shut up we have problems in now im lookin at a pot
Lazy #AF today!
PR'd the SHIT out of that 5k!!!
fantasy factory > pretty much any other show..
You know what time it is? Timmy time!
Yum!! Long time no see my dear!
That's what I'm using, but it's not good for FB groups, i.e. Tweetup organizing and communicating!
Teaching improv comedy to teenagers at 8am has been an interesting, but fun challenge for the past few weeks.
we need to do some actual hanging outside of political events.
: investment of time and energies.
Thank you for the favorite - I feel special! XO J
Tashia & Lakeytha were the only non lightskin black girls ive kinda liked
Just posted "Julia" a song I wrote with Bonnie Hayes. Thanks so much to Gawain Mathews for a lovely mix.
I replied and you never did? :o
Your all beautiful because you all have different faces unless a twins ^.^ ...
Man, no one is on twitter at 8am
You can be a guest for the first chat, just re-watch Season 1 Ep. 1 Wanna do it?
Ahh When Are you going to another Videoo:)<3
Great convo with today. I explained why freemium games will push #gamedevs to drive innovation in the market.
good spot
Just got done watching the fighter. Very illuminating stuff!
I have to be up in a few hours, but my mind is keeping me from sleeping. So many decisions to make.
Brrrrrrrr! Get in here for some of that renown Fuji warmth!
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car.
Great presentation on tourism by Lieut. Gov. Bill Bolling at the Virginia Hospitality & Travel Association Summer Mtg vhta.vayamobile.com
Will do! Great meeting you, too.
Why question my family composition or my commitment to my children. Please focus on the topic on hand-Fenty=results!
Your so funny, blake would just love you
I TRIPLE DARE U 2 COLLECT 15 SMILES TODAY.... :-)))))
Coming from a guy who's a huge ECW nostalgia mark, please let the shit die already. No no care.
Congrats to one of my BFF's on graduation!!! So proud!!
Thanks to all who allowed the Spirit of the Lord to move in them today in church as we gave ourselves away so God could use us. Great church
Building understanding, support and acceptance begins with earning trust. ~David Cottrel
Hard to express how much I enjoy working with -- the work he has done & continues to do in Denver community has touched many.
Are you going to be a waitress at the Crab House? :) Good luck-- we hope you love it!
Got punched in the face a few times at the for a drumstick...still didnt get it
haha oh snap :P
Bought a watch @ Target, how cheap is that
RAW 7 Input is rocking my nuts off.
Just a reminder y'all, if it's raining & and you want to bring in books to sell, make sure they stay dry (or wait for a non-rainy day)
Congress has announced that Jan. 1st 1776 will be the first day of service for the seamen and marines in the newly created Continental Navy.
Good party at the Casa..
yeah whatever
crisis averted! Phew.. At least we were going out of the city..
Busy day, will also be at #UMaryland #CollegePark Law Fair today!
Anyone know of a bar in kc playing the real v barca game tomorrow?
To say something when your not supposed to say it
Well I aint "all" I'm better than "all" you will see in time
Becoming my own and beginning my career is much more important to me.
This has been a rough day in basketball. Extremely.
Louder: Collisuem or Qwest?
word. I like the beginning, but it takes a long walk down the essentialist crazy road at the jump.
eww that sucks. Luckily I was able to sleep most of the evening so I'm good, just need a nap before I reload ;)
Everyone who is not , Twitter-side: that was one hell of a context-free outburst, no? Sometimes I can't contain myself.
I'm so sleepy but I can't go to bed ...:(
Got my wife a subscription to a womens magazine. #WorstGiftEver havent slept good since. Now she has something to beat me with when I snore.
Haha, thanks that helps!
making cake lollipops!
I`m producing the next episode of iNickelodeonShow 2day on set! Happy mothers day!
wow.... this just got real.
Prediction: by 2015, every US student will be using an m-learning device
Shout out the homie He got hits on his hands.
Total pleasure! :)
I didn't know Braden had a twitter, Dang!
looking forward to hanging out with some Production Team Volunteers tonight.
Agreed! The first dozen were cute.
Who made it out to the VOUGE event at Public House tonight? whatd you guys think?
Am buying and reading the book because of that sentence! re: Favorite sentence in upcoming review today...
In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns. ~ Fabrizio (Angelo Infanti), 'The Godfather'
My Epic is so dang good.
NYC has a Rat Information Portal - who knew?
Live art, opera, and theater and dance performance
I miss mine sometimes, bc the call quality can't be beat. But I like the simplicity of one number...and the price.
Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass... Now make that mother fuccer hammer time!!! Lol!
“: you finally getting your GED, I'm proud of you fam!!! Lmao!!” hahahahahahaha
Tomorrow ill be signing my posters in Chino at Yanks air show!!! Come say hi :-)
Not only is ham delicious but you can GO it!
hi followers hope your enjoying this day my family n i our having a crab boil gotta say get on it if you dont know bout it
What the heck kind if kindergartener tells people they're going to hell...Sorry, but SERIOUSLY!!
got a badass bitch just bouncin' on my dick bouncin' on my dick bouncin' on my dick
What a bad bad day.
RT : if Obama wants to lock my vote up this november then he needs to ban throwback thursday on instagram.
Wait. You're really going to Finland? Art?
FACT: An estimated 66,290 new cases of primary brain tumors are expected to be diagnosed in 2012.
#raw10 Have you ever had a Wish sandwich? Bread, mayo, mustard, lettuce, a slice of tomato and wished you had a piece of meat to go with it.
My batting average on MLB is going down.... Fml.
Lucky, we still have 2 weeks :'(
When I'm talking to my sister and she cuts me off and says "Ok, stop talking. I really don't want to talk to you right now." Oh. <<<<<
Dark chocolate-because it's a mood enhancer! It's a little taste of heaven-& I never get sick of it!
#WhenIGetOlder I want breast to still be perky! No sagging titties!
Maggie Vanetti's streak is over ...take charge Indy was there! Ended up DIS
alien love?
Was at a pretty fun wedding last night. They played "Birth Ritual"...twice.
“: Luke: The #Ravens offense has a much better tempo to it. Like the aggression.” look at time of drive. keep that defense fresh
The IT Crowd is fuckin Brilliant!
haha i feel ya, and yep! amazingly better.
WDYR The Drive fixed its power problem, broadcasting classic rock again to the Fox Cities
Happy Birthday Ariana! I love you so, so much! Have a spectacular day with your family and friends! #Arianators love you!<U+2665>
A well lived life means balancing your work life with your family life. Have a great weekend everyone.
Excited to see what ends up happening for the Detroit Red Wings in their prospect camp.. how nervous are those kids?
"I'm a mother of 28 kids." YOU'RE A FREAK, BACHMANN.
shoveled for the third time....
I was totally hilarious tonight. Cracked up every person I met.
So jealous...how was it?
i send my love
Haha what the heck! Do you live over there??
ever come to Maine and play? Couple awesome courses !
WAFFLES WAFFLES SYRUP WAFFLES WAFFLES WAFFLES BACON WAFFLES WAFFLES WAFFLES COFFEE WAFFLES WAFFLES WHIPPED CREAM WAFFLES WAFFLES EGGS
No Kaylie!!! AHDJDJDKAPDKD DUMB ASS PERKEY GIRL WHO I CANT REMEMBER THE NAME OF
My csa soup with homemade veggie stock smells amazing on the stove this cloudy day. Starving!
are u talking about the photos of Koko with students in Japan? Cuz I used still frames of those in my package from power point
#DearJohn is on.
Grande nonfat vanilla latte.
We should. Only we would know its him XD
morning SEXY right back at you!! I got 3 words 4ya "Damn Ur Hot!!"
hahaha didn't think u were
Lady eagles lost 29-40 against Madison
God bless Kyle Korver man
Love how mark brown is Arthur and some. awards.
yu got the same number??
Agreed! “: , is there ever enough ? #no”
WHO USES A MAC TO EDIT VIDEOS?? LIKE OR COMMENT..
always a flare for the dramatic! I've gotten the "JT might not make it" call 1 too many times #youreinvincible talk to you after
I need at least an 84% on my Econ Final to Ace the class...Do not distract my Orangeness from studying...
Praying for successful Value Village trip to complete 90s tourist day outfit. The Hilfiger carpenter jorts just sent are epic
enjoying a Francesco pizza from so delicious!
Never forget.
Still we can't wait to see it. You always do an amazing job with whatever you do.
& I'll kick that hoe; punt.
did he really just tell me to get back to work?
Broncos have 6 of the next 84 picks. They will be busy on Friday.
let me know when you find your centimeter ruler hahaha(:
My sister is so annoying, sometimes I want to choke her........smh!!
Thank god for another day
Spent wkend in SanDiego, no change here either. Temp cool, 62 there this morn to 95 here in afternoon!
Kyle Korver is ridiculous right now. They will be tough to beat when Rose gets back into the flow.
And back! It's been a while since I have been here and I am happy to see everyone
ha! I like "i am TOO going to keep chickens, david!"
Did you miss lunch today? Don't worry, we have everything you need at the B! Open til 5!
I am in a live truck about to go live. No, i'm not slacking around. (Or am i?) wink
Seems like no one wants you when you’re single, but all of sudden people show their feelings for you when you’re not Available.
Just got the new Pate de fruits from Flora Confections. Yum! Catch her at
Trying something new today. Scanning tweets in our stream to RT favs, those that catch our eye.
how dare anyone hurt this lovely girl.
Camera Fun Time. Thank God for cropping! You know when you take a shot with friends and 1 person ruins the shot? Practice a big smile today
Now that the #FF barrage is over, once again: it's Fu*kin' Friday, Follow your Heart!
I am trying watch live online but it say you are at commercial and its been 10 min now.
Go Marquez GO!
Are you having a bad day? Smile. The physical act will make you feel a little better.
the Hoosier dome!
Do you know that saying. You know how it goes .... I guess I'm figuring out how it goes
That #NBA commercial with the Celtics in the tunnel pumps me up
The Sinatra song is the '50s equivalent of the '60s "Love the one you're with"
Mrs. McCorkle is feeling a little under the weather today. We are not going to make it but I can recommend many places...
Of course we are!
Aw dang! Wish I could have made it to Miami! Have fun and rock it out!
When given the choice of putting the spotlight on the problem of child sexual abuse or who's wearing Vera Wang, There should be no contest.
Diamonds are a girls best friend ;)
God really answered my prayers last night...& I am so thankful for that..and him.
I'm tappin out early 4 once....
Big day tomorrow...big big day. Pray for me!
thanks for following and mentioning!
I follow back, just ask! :)
once my eye twitched like that for a week straight. IIRC it was when grad school responses were coming.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-28
I do it big like that! lmao
2:30am in Guam. Headed to airport soon. Then off to Iwo Jima.
At least they washed it first.
Excited that we got to meet yesterday at #btg11. She thinks we might have a thing here.
Glad to hear it!
the fact that i have to present my UN project today <<<<<< #RuinsEverything <U+E40E><U+E421>
somethings are better not said on twitter. N jus cause u say "don't judge me" doesn't mean we won't.
#ThingsICantLiveWithout music baby, RT if you feel me
I know she bought to ask me how she look I tell her beautiful and how long it took
Kony2012 if you don't know.....find out!
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.-Napoleon Hill
Having to babysit in this weather...
Lol. I'm sure I'll see you again soon.. #raceseason :)
The weekend starts now
Just a question who thinks is a true champ without manny fight??
oh no...hope everyone is ok. Poor Pixley she probably wanted more sawyer time.
Thanks. I really need to figure out github. I kinda like keeping the website on an edu domain, though.
allyouneedolga.webstore.com poised for world wide internet sales domination link is on my profile go find out why we area the best
aw love my best friend Neva the Diva :) ": My friend is da bestest! :D"
Frustration with - No internet after Comcast tech error and soonest service call available is in 5 days
Would love to meet you at the Muddy (or anywhere!) sometime soon! Enjoy your mayorship! ;-)
This thing lasts till 1ish....basically half a school day
Album coming together nicely... stay tuned.
These brownies sure are tasty
amazing! I'm so glad you like it
IT'S 2012,,.....FROM EVERY HAND & A$$,..... MAY DOLLARS FLOW !!!!! TAKEN FROM RAP GROUP, ABOVE THE LAW'S 1992 RELEASE "BLACK MAFIA LIFE "...
sings in the shower..& squeals when says "I heard youre looking for a gentleman..is it cool if hes Australian?"
So excited to meet tomorrow :) You girls are so amazing!
Thanks to for coming to conference.
James Joyce dates complete with several bowls of Lucky Charms...the official food of the Republic of Ireland. Probably. :-)
ill keep him in my prayers
concert in MIAMI Friday but tickets to meet you guys sold out :( I'm so bummed out :p
Thank you!!
Sorry to see it go. But here's to even bigger things in the future!
Royals looked good tonight! Next year is gonna be the year!
I actually talked to real people this weekend. It was weird.
I know everybody was worried there for a sec but the weather is clearing up! No excuses, come out to Bar 7 for Intermix Wednesdays!
It's much easier to gain weight than it is to lose it....#lifelessons this applies to relationships too
I'm sad/proud to say I'm right there with you.
Thanks for being for #AdFreeTV but I'm for
then come over for some beer and pool
Sometimes I wish I had someone to call mine..</3
On that note, it's moments like this that make me afraid I'd be an action film semi-villain. Coupled with my super power...
Nope, Unfortunately But if you follow him and he gets enough tweets about it from other people he may do it.
I'm alright, you?
We need double-bass and breakdowns.
told me I was #hoe in my past life. Lol "I need my pronto getting it in the morning like a Alonzo"
I like this from Rick
We only #Party on days that end in a 'y'
We have flip cup and beer pong games going on. Come challenge your friends.
why cant more guys think like you? <3
when Colt 45 comes on, I just have the URGE to start rapping to it.
GANAN LOS MARLINS !!!!!!!
Djokovic is annoyingly good.
thanks so much for the intro Paul! ditto!!!
Oh spammers. >.<
YEAH SHE'S LIKE OMG AWWEWW
Made to the church with minimal interference from the Raleigh Christmas parade.
has connected to NBC Action News Weather Blog.
lets talk about your article on my sports show in Portland NWSports Tonight
Latenight bowling. Holler. Im beating everyone. :D
omg i'm so sick.. i hope i get a job soon!
I know how you feel...
The office is off to visit the Buffalo Fire Historical Society Museum! We'll post pictures later, so stay tuned.
John Mayer in the morning >
Just found a giant spider in my office, must've been eating lost children in the library. Going to be paranoid the rest of the day.
hey guys. Ha sub teacher huh?
thank you for facebooking us
where are thou??? Library or BAS
Patience is SO not my thing.
are you watching Spider-man?
Watching tv so bored
God moved Tonight! I truly thank him for tonight
that's so sick!! Hahahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
MLK:“The ultimate measure…is not where people stand in moments of comfort, but where they stand in times of challenge.” #Leadership Matters
I can't stand it when girls sing WMYB loudly and badly in public. It realllyyyyyyy bugs me.
Michael Shames of UCAN says allegations of fraud and mismanagement are "smoke and mirrors"; says his lawyers will "obliterate" his critics.
Did you know our menu is continually changing? The opportunities for never-before-seen combinations are endless, you'll want to try them all
Lowe's apparently uses Linux for their in store system. UI looked suspiciously Gnomey.
Thank you to everyone who came out to our new client orientation tonight.
RT Gemini Signs of greatest overall compatibility: Libra, Aquarius «««
Only in Alpha can a brother excel to such moments in our history where he literally walk among kings.
My mother buried three husbands, and two of them were just napping.
DO NOT GIVE A BAIL OUT.
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT!?! ALMOST #500KMAHOMIES THAT'S CRAZY RIGHT!?! :D
Powell's on Hawthorne has Crunchie bars. I am in trouble.
May not be a better way to spend Holy Saturday than urban gardening w/ &
yea I got you
abc countdown in spanish.
yes exactly!
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 25
Okay I give up have a perfect day !!!(:
Tell us your favorite pre-game meal
Thanks for the info! The rights issues are what always throw a wrench in my plans to upload content to WP, too.
Good. Thanks for spreading the word lol. We can get the whole world talking about comedy....
C'mon Heat close this shit out!!!!
Indeed I see your name. You'll meet him I'm sure. Along with a number of other VIPS like
If you're not wasted, the night is.
Cuse! Should be an exciting second half!
thank you for the birthday wishes yesterday. i had a wonderful day full of love
got the job :D
hitting the pause button on the weather. Did that work?
Yo was blazing on the drums tonight doc!
CritSpace: mark-up and transcription.
ok that makes sense. It was a security question...I thought you set it up, Josh.
Fun night, met some new people. But now its time for bed (:
Awh I'm always in your life <333(:
Animal crackers in history class....I think yes!
I need to let loose once in awhile! I care way to much on what people think about me.
Chili and Yuengling with #Packers vs #Viqueens. #MNF doesn't get better than this
Preparing to launch The Range Cafe rebrand..www.efgcreative.com
We're looking forward to have you speak on Tuesday at the May event.
I wish people would stop asking me about #oomf.... trust me you know just as much as I do.
wanna play words with friends? First one to flop out a collop wins...
Watching "Pearl Jam Twenty". Brings back memories of watching them open for Nirvana & Red Hot Chili Peppers, New years eve,1991,Cow Palace.
I know right!
I think I may have slept through a meeting this morning…. -__-
yea they got some young players now, but they still boring to watch.lol
very cool find. Thx!
Either he really misses me or he just really bored. I doubt it's that 2nd one though.
I HATE DALLAS! F/U LeBosh Wade!
July 18th: Class of the Day Pilates Mat @ 6pm : Drop ins only $10 tonight only!! Come get your abdominals ready for the beach!
You got that right. The daughter scene pretty borderline, too. Welcome to showbiz, ladies.
No body like me ): !
Ugh, another round of robo-calling my office.
Like they say in sports, "Don't peak too early." We need you ready to go on October 27!!!
Babe keep me posted on your manager hope everything is ok..
sent you an email. Chat later
Brenda Brenda Brenda Just finished watching Obama's newsconference. I think he was good!
One step at a time!
#schoolmemories Cheating in heads down thumbs up
code for the avengers would be awesome! :)
Attention, thug in the black hoodie with sequins, sequins are not gangsta.
We had a wonderful day at the Restoration & Renovation Fair! Thanks to all of our attendees, exhibitors, volunteers, and speakers!
How old are you guys? Some of you are like the boyss' age and I'm () a 15 year old freshman. Haha x
We are not in the web page business. We are in the content business.
In his last 11 second-round games, Alex Semin has three points (one goal, two assists). That's...not good.
Happy Birthday <3
hate hate hate hate hate..t keep your soft porn movie making aspirations to yourself son :)
Fair enough. That quote was priceless.
Seriously, fuck those guys.
Kohlenberger: 's innovation strategy is working. Tech is getting people engaged. Stay the course.
OMG!! I literally laughed out loud! Good thing I didn't have a drink in my mouth at that moment! LOL! Luv ya!
Big thanks to the crew from for the visit and props! Look forward to hosting again soon!!
I crack my phone atleast once a day.
So sad I can't attend I have a speaking engagement but pls keep me posted on anymore upcoming events
got it. Thanks man!
Releasing our new design on the 21st of this month!!!
that's a dope concept I might have to slide through on that s... What's been good by the way
guys i just need one more follower to get to 1,100! anyone who wants to give me a shoutout will get one back!
Tis in the plans... I have four weeks in June to read and the series is on the list... may start it sooner. #
American Crystal Sugar union workers not happy with latest contract
check it out @ www.taxproblem.org
Thanks for the mentions and RT's, Gail...You are awesome!
RT : 12 minutes into the game and the Gophers and Middle Tennessee State have combined for 17 turnovers. Ack.
girls decluttered book tubs, of the non schooling/book supplies that gathered there from kids stuffing there when cleaning rm. LOL
good luck desi!!!!
Do I ever! Using it now in hopes of RT from Lovett MT Mel, comment? RT Am I the only 1 still using the Secret?
: Lol im dead serious doe...
Don't be surprised when I don't talk to you anymore, because I don't like mean liars... #isthatweird?
I prefer Book Damon because he actually acts close to his age. He's arrogant and cocky, but mature at the same time. It's More realistic.
and just like that, everything changed.
To see crack get sold, bodies turn cold...what u think, i think thats cool bro? -Lacrae
That is a definite. Time & patience is key! If it works, it could b a massive turning point 4 the movement.
Back to work I go.
Be sure to follow as they tweet about #ISDIP2012 event #Diversity and #Inclusion Matters!!!
is ultra mega hot.. and its 10 pm.. damn cali
Lakers win by 40 points! Did Houston get the memo this is the playoffs?
I'm probably performing tomorrow Omg #Imsoexcited that made my night! :)
Today i start writing the album that will start my career!
My bar of soap sucked but I will conquer this quest to add soap to my menu.
Because it makes them feel as if their in control, after all we do live in a world that is based on look's sadly. just do you xoxo
Anyone wanna do some slight photo-editing for me? Just need a logo off a shirt
Do you have (had) any roosters? We had none and we're decimated by foxes. Some folks said a rooster could help.
Work sucks!
: Umm, did you switch position? lol
Sad, sad day (yesterday)
The older sauce "box-packets" had more volume, right? Also, bring back the #bellbeefer !!
Thanks! Wish I spoke French but still appreciate your great work. cc:
Was just in a Turkish bath with a man named Happy. Now I am off to see Spider-Man.
no Remix straight Rihanna
on my way to Palo Alto today for #medialife and #mediawork meetings & talk at Stanford University. yes: orange luggage and headphones
the inventor of spaghetti o's died and the food network admitted that the food from Iron Chef wasn't really from the white house garden.
Black hole.
it's fine just don't send it
Set two in five minutes at johnny's. Stop by
Expect good things.
#imagine you and Zayn are in a restaurant and he starts to seduce you. you: not here. Zayn: then let's go to the bathroom ;)
I've selected my poem for #PoemInYourPocketDay tomorrow. How about you?
oh lol and thank u. ugh i hope thats not true. i mean its there biz if jelena is off or on. but i dont want to them sad :(
Just one more day of exams, Pack! How are you feeling? Confident? Wish you were more prepared?
cause we're the three best friends that anybody could have...
RT if you born to be Smiler.
Does anyone else use the 'favorite' button as a bookmark? I use it for things I can't read now but want to read later.
you go Rhi! Congrats!! See you tomorrow!
I've never let anyone piss me off this bad. -__-
NIGGA. give me a shout out. i love you.
Exhausted from the stubborn, tantrum-y toddler antics that dominated the second half of today. I blame the
wha?? That's cool! I love it when people talk about me!
Good am Mayor, you visited a school next to my barbershop. My chair still has your name on it. Seventy Sixes 11 Central Avenue
Im just sayin
That's not a very nice thing to say to
what! That's...interesting. Did he see those kids get shot?
hahahahaha. Didn't even think of that. Never experienced "The Clap"
remember when we watched the exorcist? Or something like that...
#CyberMonday is here! Where are the best deals?
Thank you, Universe, for working out so, so well today.
: So glad you liked it. Bubble milk is great - just the right amount of sweetness.
You may have a heart of gold, but so does a hard-boiled egg
lol I saved them so I could do that dumb dumb ;)
I know, me too. What excites me the most is the effect it has on my teens-moods, behavior, focus, athletics, body comp.
Two things i love in life. You, and the free promotion site on my profile. great for follows. follow4follow?
Can't wait till Valentine's Day!
Double Rainbow Guy: "That's why I make videos. It doesn't sound believable."
nicely done, doug!
just got my 50th anniversary edition of Amy Vanderbilt's Complete Book of Etiquette. So excited!
um I got a new number but idk
glad u ok.... Actually I In st Louis so I'm sure imma find something to get into<U+E414>
Does anyone have a Harley they're not using and want to give it away, since my credit sucks and no one will finance!! Jus askin'....
Watching the celtics or spurs play is like watching the Ravens or steelers play, its boring as fuck
Snow>RU kiddin? Better rush over 2 Sonic & get our specialty dogs>homemade o-rings/ tots> limeades & pumpkin shake b4 u get snowed in
#BoyzAreBack ! yay on abdc! the stage just got SWAG
is that tweet about me???????
I love my job. I get to listen to music and figure out how to market it online.
Every time I'm on a roadtrip I wanna stop at Waffle House. The people I road trip with never agree though.
I need you here, but you're always so far away.
What's your favourite song to perform?
blowing trees
Reverie - Don't Forget To Shine >
lol. I heard its funny
Why doesn't she call security?... It would be so much easier.
That outfit is not Grizz complete without the yellow shoes though
STATE BOUND!
I live here dude. Ran into him last weekend at the Jane Hotel
Lucky Tweet #217 is a shout out to the band Goldfinger with the classic song "Happy"
Guess im walking home from second street.
what's wrong? talk to me fam, dm me
hahaha , miss you too ! and u're right i'm not that old ! its just amazing and scary how 5 years has been passed ! Good Luck !
I agree, Van Pelt inspires major library envy.
yep, four weeks and then we "graduate" lol
If it not made in Kentucky then it is not bourbon.
so so much fun!!! And I got home safe.. Kinda haha
ah man y u aay that?
This barber will surely not be getting a tip. This waiting for 20 extra minutes is ridiculous. I really need a personal barber
did done
yeah sure ;)
Yeah, workin' on that detail. Not (personally) good at photos.
that's definitely not good. If you're gonna fail any classes, fail them this year haha
instead of hunting ducks :)
Just finished the latest season of Dexter so next season starts tomorrow, right? RIGHT?!?!?!?
Fantastic having you w/us! RT : What an amazing bunch of people at Great playing and some great new friendships.
Coming soon! RT : Great Optimism Rules interview with today for !
Hot mess, Monday.
Every eight seconds, a human life is lost due to tobacco use somewhere in the world. This equals about 5 million deaths every year.
Oh dear. Glad U didn't get stung! Yeah I think the earring belongs to someone on my side
And I have a headache plus my stomach hurts. Sucks 2 b me right now
Check your sources he's a bronco
"Honey Badger Don't Care." Well worth the view on YouTube.
1/2 of funding for hungry kids might be cut if we don't tell our delegates to keep the Governors proposal.
Stupid commercials..
HAPPY HAPPY FRIDAY have a nice weekend :)
Wonder how the refs will screw the USA today ??
Getting ready for our first meeting with our new web design firm. We like what we see, and still, we need to ask annoying questions.
Lol. this is why i love you!<3
Home of the Brave | Memphis
We received our Silver Anvil trophies today! Unfortunately, one was broken.
I can email you step by step. The message would be 2 long 4 twitter, since they only give us 160, God forbid I was dying! -_-
How'd it go today? :)
that's what brought on the waterworks! And yes I do remember :) fun times at the back of the people mover
did u ever think ur southern ways r backassward for calif. & maybe the ppl. In ur neighborhood r not so stupid. Just a thought!
All you guys out there who have some aggression Towards your woman it don't have to get hectic That crap is pathetic -Hopsin<3
who knew sprinkling fake turf on a 12 foot long sculpture could make my back hurt so terribly so. time for some liquid painkiller.
wanna make out with me soon?
#Happy V-D!
hm whos german and can help me with german homework?
ah I cant wait!
Thanks for the cupcake! . Salted caramel = Best cupcake I've ever had!! .
my kinnect is one of my favorite ways to stay active in the winter. Kinnect adventures will leave you hurting.
hahah. thank you. but so are you :) xx
Thanks! I hadn't heard of scoop.it either. Looks like a good resource.
Oh cool! I'm glad you're following him and thanks for your concern. :)
+1; Wed after work beers at Sherlocks too, yes? ?
I wish I was that brave...
thanks! You are so right! He works in mysterious ways! :-)
Remember: "I" before "E," except in Budweiser!
glad to hear it! They are just nuts!
Yoo who bored
happy mother's day homie <U+E056>
In separateness lies the world's great misery; in compassion lies the world's true strength. ~Buddha
Safe travels and Happy New Year! RT : Chillin for a bit then off to the cabin!
I have an emerging view that core of "factory model" issue is scale; creativity emerges locally, eg. Bertie Co
missin her boy
Who's ready for a big 2012 season of Denver Browns Baseball????
Good morning :)
well you did get one retweet already, I think you've won the crowd! ;-)
Hm......already miss SoCal like crazy.
Last practice today </3
should interview on artful, community-support villainy!
#FF early - - Actress Adrienne Barbeau is now on twitter.
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and Professional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show! started: Fri, 12:10 PST
the 1st one was incredible! Read it in a day! I got bored in the 2nd one but I'm going to try and read the entire series soon
Day 2 of New Age Music...z
Last night we figured out we can send corpses to polar bears to stop their slow extinction :) its like donating all your organs to one being
Ladies. It goes without saying, regardless if you can fit in them, if you're older than 25 you DO NOT wear Abercrombie jeans.
Let's talk food! I'm taking your questions for our food expert today. #AskAnExpert Monday
I know I am n ohkay
ouch. sorry to hear that. it's so disruptive when ppl bring their personal issues in the mix...
Fantastic Indiana Real Estate report for August: The number of pending sales increased 12.0%
Meek Mill be countin' $
specifically w/ preschool if it's cut, children will be hurt; in long term so will school system scores
Product conversations with instructors is always so enlightening. If you haven't been to the product store please stop by.
Life can suck and be boring sometimes...
I am intrigued...we will have to find each other at some point today!
We love the Barb! Hope you enjoy them:) RT : i'm thinking of getting the barb by
looking forward to a successful, better year.
New Yorkers: Your lovely hostess mlr made her annual pledge to How about you?
Wish I were there
My name is Dorothy and I am a mother of 1. I stay a home doing daily house work and take care of my son.
Started it last yr dont think U were following me--Dont think many were following me. Only have 600- Thanks for the complimt
Next Thurs May 24th at 12 noon EST Drumageddon Manhattan is being released. Going to be an epic drum solo all across Times Square NYC!
Amazing and entertaining keynote from Snowden Becker of the Center for Home Movies. "Hi8 won't wait!"
#10ThingsIHate being famous for an (intentionally) leaked sex tape.
anything for my famoly
You guys i need four more followers to have 800 FOLLOWERS(: Help me out please?!(: hahaha well pretty good day today<3
lol. Yeah I gotta get up to get some practice in for this prom I gotta dj tomorrow.
My birthday tomorrow. Going to be sixteen tomorrow yo!!
Love this!
DJ Tim playin on one turntable... just another day on the radio :)
Happy Friday. Join us for Todays lineup for #NCAA #MarchMadness is awesome! Games start at 7:15pm then late night Sounds by
But anyway, I've been listening to a lot of Joe Pug lately. It's pretty good you guys.
“: Okay Let's see who wins the rubber match tomorrow. Feeling good about my What about your Dodgers?
I wish Don Draper would say, "Let's go someplace darker" to me.
Stay classy NY Rangers fans
Need to work out so bad tomorrow!
Help us get more followers and you could win one!
Just finished my hair...whew! Being sick does suck but this rest Im getn was definitely need'......
Thanks, Karen. I'm there! RT You guys are truly, truly fantastic. I hope you sell out every night. You have to come see me, too! ;)
Go to see John Doe, and get home to find Mastodon on Letterman...charmed life?
Lazy day with my mommy? Yes please. :)
My weekend starts today!!!!
Redemption day
I was thinking the same thing when I was writing. My gas station is slammed in the morning and evening.
#nowfollowing , writer/blogger
Agreed. Tried the fan page but found it 2 annoying. Instead I use my reg fb as a way 2 share what's going on.
I was so drunk last night I forgot who I was!
u say u love me?is that true?u say u love me but who else too?u say u love me but do i love u??
LOL in it like Walmart!
we do too!
We just missed a huge fight! Damn it!
Cool, thanks!
I AM TIITAAAANIUUUUUUMMMMMMMM
Mangoes contain vitamin C, vitamin E and beta-carotene. No other tropical fruit contains all three of these powerful antioxidants
play me KristenHH
Sneak peek: July's LU&H agenda will include a discussion on the proposed Property Value Protection Ordinance as requested @ last month's mtg
The judges will accept that answer. :)
#WeLoveAllOfOneDirection every single one of them is AMAZING.
Nothing beats the smile you make when you've realized you are completely and utterly screwed.
LoL, I know, I'm just messing with you.
Well Floyd might as well retire if he isn't gonna fight Pac.
Ok I thought I was RT : No. Lol RT : Am I the only one who randomly make their knee caps jump?
Friday the thirteenth, I am stuck with my bitchy ass mother that blames me for her stupid actions -_____-
I was just talking about Roscoe's over coffee with a longtime friend visiting town. That sounds like a great reward!
hi its Dan. Mencer and will also see u Sunday
Mhmm , Dude . I love you
Apologize for the site crashing. Working on getting additional servers, and getting you guys your free tickets.
I have seen #ThePrestige a half dozen times and the multiple twists get me every time.
It's Hot as Balls out today.
seriously I want one
you get tickets for this mornign babe? x
thanks buddy! #EricChurch!!!
Are you a Financial writer? Interested in editorial writing for American Live Wire? Send us a direct message telling us about yourself.
id rather not cuz I'm not paying gas and for food stops
lookingt Canon EOS 60D files I shot last night.
Syracuse/Albany/Rochester New York! :)
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
RT - Fantasy football, espn.com, League: Go Jaguars, pw: Jacksonville, autodraft 9/7, Join Us!
Now you understand why Pitt is a double entendre.
Congratulations! It's about time :-)
Carlsbad School Shooter O'Rourke guilty on all 14 counts (7 attempted murder, 7 assault w/ firearm)
Awesome statement by : Do you remember when had a tongue ring? That was funny.
You know what never fails to be time well-spent? A cup of coffee with 's Smart guy, great heart.
i saw a teaser for it last week, but didn't watch it. definitely something i'll do a FB post on. thanks for the heads-up!
evening bro how u been
ah! I wonder where mine is? I had the blue ...
Today is our youth hockey championships! I can't wait to get my guys out there at 2! Plus Bailey from LA Kings will hand out trophies!
hey DanIel...yes, Edgar has found a nice home here at the Roy house. Hope all is well.
Nope, we got it - you should be good to go now. Apologize for the inconvenience.
Bored on broadway,
Hope everyone's stayed caught up on the Hockey playoffs this weekend? Who's going to take home the cup?
Hey Brian, I cannot respond to your dm unless your following me as well!
Happy Thanksgiving! Hanging out with the Michigan Shaws. :)
#SaySomethin is on replay for the rest of the night. <U+2665>
I just want to thank everyone for following me on Twitter!
I would tap that ass LOL
#aaa2010 I cannot believe I just got in the Starbucks line at the Sheraton.
please tell me
first follower on my blog, awww
M Hot Buttered Latte....swing by and be amazed!!!!
how'd you know I was thinking about chocolate pudding! ESP? Don't do it, don't do it!
Went to sleep in the middle of the night, woke up in the middle of the afternoon. I feel like a rockstar :Haha
Have fun! RT: En Route to Portland to see what the "cool kids" are up to. Only benefit to travelling w/
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass. ~ Maya Angelou
Gotta see the lakers lose tonight! sorry to my Cali followers!
“: Bobby Jindal's speech is much better tonight.” ha!!
yes...we will connect
Thank You! We are so glad that you love your "Old Fashioned Brain Eaters" shirt.
Happy New Year when it comes KC's!
bite me ! -____-
I don't like pissiness, but it also seemed lively. Of course, I've only seen a tiny glimpse of the tweets.
Drugs drugs drugs... IV is not pumping them into me fast enough! Pain needs to go away, please
New Changes in "SNOCLOTHING" Coming Soon Stay Tuned!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
What did you think of Gov. Martinez's State of the State Address? Let us know on www.krqe.com!
Mostern presented visual evidence of human-induced environmental degradation, perhaps too slow to be visible at the time.
me too! You are in my top three librarians I must meet with and
Happy mothers day to all the ladies in the world. I'm thankful for my mom!
Played tampon baseball in the library. Cross that one off my bucket list.
its those ashburn fucks man!!! Smh I just got home too
I plan on laying down when I get home maybe or I might go shopping with my kids and hubby
Screw Rush Hour 2nite still 1 hour left for $4 apps, half priced premium well drinks, draft beer and select wines. Where are U?
Watching Dolores Claiborne...Kathy Bates is an amazing actress.
Watching the Girl play with her new kitten.. Sickeningly sweet.
lol I knowww but remember that my blackberry was really broken so I finally got a new phone/number so I don't have your #
Shoutout to sunday track meets
Black, Silver Gray And red
Hanging with her was fun ; that heffa slow. Next time we got to get extra fxcked up sis on ALL levels. Ha! ( )
voting Romney is just like casting a ballot for Obama.They only disagree on minor things just more of the same
I'm starting a show at the Mint. I'll keep you updated
Thanks Maggie!
The good kid from a bad city.
Reminder: Trash/recycling collection will be delayed by one day the rest of the week. Happy 4th of July!
Remember the past, plan for the future, but live for today, because yesterday is gone and tomorrow may never come.
thanks for being out in the rain this morning! got some fresh veggies for this week :)
follow back
Lol.. I bet. & poor cam is always the smallest but he right along with the others
I love my wireless printer! <3
just amazing last night on #MTV <U+2665>
It was. But the internet was invented for film geeks to argue.
Pickup Line: Your daddy must have been a baker, 'cause you've got a nice set of buns.
I just wanna let you know that, I'll be thinkin bout ya(;
i know - i wasn't able to make it over there this week because i'm only in town today. i'll stop by next week for sure. thanks!
Absolutely- great project!
“: The GOP & Tea Party??? RT : Bets on who the other two to die will be? They always go in threes.” if only...
...w/irresponsible people. Y do that to yourself? It's too easy to avoid.
This game is ours tonight boys, don't let up and hand them the W again #PacerNation #BeatTheHeat This series will be tied coming back to IN.
I got to show mf better then I can tell em
Started the 2nd Lisbeth Salander book. I get a kick out of her sick brand of retribution. Very happy to be pleasure reading again.
still cannot play...
You should never hit Nellie Cruz with a baseball!
congratulations! the breakfast sandwiches almost redeem the crappy new bread (squishiness is a virtue in that domain)
wondering if there is a bus from Brooklyn to DC
I think so too. I said they would win in 6.
LOL still rolling the dough, how are you and the developing blessing !!!!!
do you share my inability to refuse french fries?
RT : RT if you can't wait for Friday to get here!
Still playing the tenor?
Off the beaten path reviews coming soon! We are so excited to review some of our old favorites and new finds!
Miguel Cabrerra's face just exploded thanks to a line SHOT at the hot corner. Yikes! Experiment OVER, please!!!!!
hello :) how is everyone?!<3
I have a Public show tonight in Vegas at the Onyx Theater at 8pm! Let me know if you are in town and need info.
Yes, definitely. How'd you feel about the ending of the GQ/Sullivan piece?
Called Outset to mentor young lgbt film makers! Check out my film SPORK about a 14 yo hermaphrodite. It's incredible!
a few good ones here and there but overall this ish is lame man!!!
On the way to semy Crableg!
what new in world out of florida here florida wet and rainy and the casy trial is go on too
No would love to, however. Please continue!
They have to be the lightbulb, music, and the computer!!
Wake up late in the River North? Check out 's brunch on Saturday and Sunday Morning. Ask the SHS/RI Front Desk for details!
haha you too
Dude kinda sounds like #MichaelJackson *shrugs*
Such a jerk. :)
Still trying to figure out why the rockets gave Jordan Hill away
oh Saturday killer, "can you work tomorrow Amanda?"
Happy Birthday Clif Stone !
does that also explain the Democratic Senate primary?
No hw is getting done this week. Sorry teachers
Back in the office after a great weekend .. went and seen family that i have not seen in 21years....getting ready for new site building..
wanna be in a fan video for and ? then tweet me! :)
I been fucking the world but still ain't cum yet.
www.lightingever.com maybe you have interests in it.
was listening to Stars Are Blind on an '06 mix-such a great gem
<- Must follow!
it was so nice being in California spending time with you...and the musical was wonderful. Love you
i cant wait to go to college! Im done with all this fighting.i cant never go to sleep.
It could be they have to get permission from your doctor
We breakout of cycles of slavery by entrepreneurship…
Sign up for roots lotalty program. For every $100.00 spent, recieve a free $20 gift card. Treat your staff and receive free gifts.
Dixie Chicks and Motorhead.
I didn't know that #Oomf had a train ran on her.. awk..
lol. its a chest.
Had a great time last night at reception hosted by Ambassador Harold Forsyth. Now off to the race!
I'm enjoying a homebrewed IPA (dry-hopped with Cascades & Simcoe). How's the Longshot Barley Wine?
Super excited! Glad you can make it to the first Seattle Chocolate Tweetup!
I liked Melancholia. Lars interview at cannes not so much, but I thought the film was diff and liked how the story unfolded. What do u think
I love listening to your readings. Have you considered doing the recordings for audiobooks?
RT : There are so many dishes in the sink I can't fill my Brita pitcher.
it's quite an entertaining sight..even more now that u know the backstory.
“ “ RT : Now days if you have a opinion your a hater?? That's when you lost me....””
what's been up
Mostly that it's benefiting from an era of really, really bad prime time television.
always wanted a monkey til my dad told me how strong they were and that they fling poo.
-about to CRAWL into bed!!
Telling people their hair smells good
or wait, did I word that wrong? Yes I did. Take out "so much". -____-
Totally bombed my bio eoc hahaha, so did the entire class.
People mainly use Facebook for: 1. Stalking people they don't really want to talk to but want to keep track of; 2. to get birthday messages.
To learn, read. To know, write. To master, teach ~ #yogitea wisdom
Much appreciated, thank u very much
It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed. - Harvey Samuel Firestone
Interest in an upgraded two bedroom, two bath, highly upgraded condo in the Quarry off Greenspring? Relocation-great price!
That was very sweet, thanks for posting! She did a great job.
if anyone got a yahoo messager or skype get at me on facebook.com/toninkajj and
My heart and soul is truly numb right now..lost a sorority sister today--please donate #bonemarrow,
did you guys have a good run? Hope you wil b able to join us for the ASK 5k.
Ewww I hate the smell of tuna
Chris just compared hockey to The Hunger Games while explaining something hockey-related to me. *sigh* I love this boy. :)
tell them you had a head ache
looks yummy!!
Thought of something. Now that is (maybe) opening a brewery in Chicago, will Dark Lord Day move, stay put, or be in both locations?
A good book on your shelf is a friend that turns its back on you and remains a friend. ~Author Unknown
thursday's jersdaaayyyy ;D its almost tshirt timmeeeee :D
-- hate to hear that, our pups should live much longer lives than they do. Hugs to you and the family.
TIP: Never feel entitled to win a hand. Every hand can be beaten and winning a pot should "pleasure" and not something you are entitled to.
“: No matter what happens in life, be good to people. Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind. Gottadothis
Thanks for the mention Dauson! Have a wonderful weekend!
DonntGiveUpBecause someone doesn't want you to succeed, keep going simply because its what YOU want.
I wear hoodies because I’m cold, Not because I’m going to “knife” you
Hopefully we'll have someone at the dinner #colorAcause but we'll def have people at the event!
Love is like a fire. Whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn
Baseball is back! Not all stadiums have tailgate lots anymore. How do you tailgate before your team plays?
Exactly!!! He's my idol!
what are your thoughts on the wall street protests!?
RT : This Kentucky Derby was the most exciting minute and a half I missed ‘cause I was getting more beer ever.
Been using Safari exclusively for 7 years. Finally decided to try Chrome because Gmail was unbearably sluggish. Sold in 6 minutes.
In need of a 60s style bathing suit!
you'll just broke top 40 on itunes #romaninmoscow crazy
can the Yankees strand 3 more????
Listening to talk about threats to civil liberties in the 2012 session. And I thought tax policy proposals were crazy
Great way to end my great night , lied down nd read the amazing New Moon , seriously , I'm hooked to the series ! Thank u
what is the best wine bar you've ever been to? and/or your favorite?
Brooklyn 11223 needs to have a 2nd season!!! Great show!!
Shaq be letting Barkley have it on the low during them halftime shows
So my cab driver from France asked for my #...hm...? #jeparlefrançais ;)
hey!thanks for following<3 you should totally checkout ! have a great afternoon(:
I do I do
so cute
aw!!!! U should then!!! Santa Barbara is way more fun than San Diego fyi*
$450 professional web designs. Reg:$699.Today only Twitter Special. Retweet please
Thank you Thank you Thank you. =)
Today will be sick!
its ok all my other followers love me xP
oh ok! U back in the chi yet?
Trying the desktop #Twitter app for my new mac. I like it so far.
I was born and breed in NC!!
The sun shall set in the AM
Up before the sun rises makin money
Some say that love hurts... But I'm willing to go through the pain for you
#orphans8 Kapterev: Soviet films produced on nitrate through the 1960s
I love you <U+2665> 4
Thanks for #Following 5 & Have a GREAT SUNDAY!
Just watched run it now im watch yo and doing the dances to all of them. Chris was so cute!!!!!!!!
Yeah, I think I get you.
I'm talking...
Reality: I tried to fill this hole in my heart with things and people that I already knew wouldn't fit
Anyone have a pool I can fall into?
guys I think I know my own body. I have asthma.
Why are you harder on family than friends?
Playing Albert & Frank in the reading of Clyboure Park @ Cyrano Theatre TONIGHT!
How much extra exercise will people do to make up for the #SuperBowl indulgences... haha!
Certainly not. :)
There is only one success--to be able to spend your life in your own way.-Christopher Morley
What do you think: what does rejection of downtown Milw as an HQ site say about the city?
Current leg for Luai is 7.2 miles. Way to go
You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, not what I've been through. Stop judging me.
It's been 6 long years. Really really excited for this game.
happy birthday! :))
Don't be scared, but the Kitty might scratch xD
Thanks for the invite & thinking of us!
looking forward to the YA galley chat today !
HOT OATMEAL! Come and get 'em! Perfect way to warm up on this rainy day.
I can't wait for #UFC142 ! Bring the belt home!
Someone that isn't following me or anyone I know on instagram just liked 7 of my pictures. He also has over 100,000 followers. Uhh?
RT 'You're an idiot, Ted Nugent. With no redeeming social value.' Well, "Stranglehold" is good.
Fact RT : you'll be happy with anyone but miami lol
#HU16! Almost there till we together. DM me y'all numbers
nice first tweet ;)
great seeing you man. I miss you. Take care of yourself brother.
Lunch at Cheesecake Factory and yes I am having dessert.
Am looking forward to daylight savings time this weekend.
I hate snail mail. BRING ME MY ACCEPTANCE LETTER. Checking the mailbox every 30 minutes isn't healthy.
Thanks for the shout :-) I have one too and love it!
any thoughts on a "sleeper" in tomorrows combine workouts?
Having a I dislike Twitter week! Can't add new followers, view profiles, reply to RTs, load tweet history. Sorry to whine, but seriously!
u sexy beast of a studio u. Lol look at that mixing desk... LADiDa !!!!!!
Have been praying fir #WestATLunite today! Very excited to see how God will move!!!
The shipment is in. Place orders now. Contact or sizes & colors. Hoodies & Shirts.
edited site
I miss playing b-ball<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080> our team was pretty awesome I miss coach I just miss everyone from the bay area especially my gf ->
Tell your Topeka tweets to take cover as a tornado warning is in effect.
If you can't live without me, then why aren't you dead yet?
PsSSsSSs. I'm trying to help the keyboardist of the Canadian haymakers pee. He obviously has too.
Just need to think of one more line. And everything will be alright.
Complete this sentence: In 2012, I will buy tickets to ________.
I miss you!!!
I'm bored af .
Many are the plans in the mind of man, but it is the purpose of the lord that will stand.
well I don't like her
How do you get 100 Jews into a Volkswagen Beetle? Two in the back, Two in the front and ninety six in the ashtray!
FOLLOW >>>>>>> He follows back
Bout to crash
the thought of your little cuties playing together makes my heart swell! do they always get along?
Hail no; golf, hell yeah!
spanked is an understatement.
Come in this weekend and ask Cheresa for her special Pixi Stik Martini for only $3! Now that is a twitter-only deal!
Awesomeness! I spend a lot of time w/ homebuilder contracts btw... Construction Defect Lawyer (primarily plaintiff wk)...
How did you get home???
Everyone is telling me to try again, but I can't.
#MSC - see the question I posted in the our LinkedIn group? Answer correctly & win a book that I've used to change my sales approach.
IKR :( you've been busy I guess. miss u
The most important thing about having goals is achieving them <3
On board ORD-MAD. Pretty sure the time difference won't let me sleep during the flight. That's what 5-hour energy is for ;)
Happy thanlsgiving to all, may you spend it with family
Birds give me the creeps.
who is excited for 's Galaxy #nexus?
#Rangers in game 7, #Knicks regular season finale and the NFL Draft on tonight!!!
Mothafuckin' hump day
being healthy is so last year, i mean it was never in any year for me LMFAOOO
: / good luck getting home!
my parents have an artist out in Babylon I think that they LOVE.
He's so cute!! Happy Mothers Day Lauren(:
Today is 9-11-11. I wonder if thats why to call the popo u dial 911.....hum.?
#youwontbetakenserious if you keep leaving the l-y off of adverbs. On a related note, people ending sentences with prepositions often fail.
It's all so clear to me now: tweeters will tweet.
we carry 2X man. Doing free shipping if you use code SENDIT at checkout.
please please please follow
You just made fun of someone for being poor. Remind me again why we're friends? So sad. But at least you got put in your place.
Matt showed me out to enter Itemized Losses in ModMaster 5.0 today! I <3 data entry! So easy!
Our third son is due in October but we've used up our favorite boy names. Any suggestions?
Have a great weekend
the slow green fox waslked over the tired dog.
Should I be nice and pretend you're not an idiot or lay on the horn and make angry gestures?
Is anyone else getting calls from "Regional Media Group" where they don't leave voicemails?
Word of the day: plebiscite
off the books baby
Nice to know -,-. Give me tomorrow.
*In school* This is easy! *On the test* WTF is this?!
Clif, don't front us!
lmfaooo ! You're such a dork <U+2764>
Thank you!!!! I fixed it!!!! TAKE THAT BOOK OF FACES!!!! YOU ARE NO MATCH FOR ok.. heehee
No, he feeds off hate and ignorance.
I'm not <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> at U Im mad at da fact dat u offered me BBQ ribs right after I got done jogging 2 miles.so me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> at ribs currently @ 9:51 5/18/12
Clients should be very happy with the chandelier that was completed last night...turned out beautiful...will post pics on my website soon...
Adding the Canon EOS 7D to our production arsenal. 2011 will be full of music video shoots and cinematic moving pictures.
that dude is stupid in love with you.
i was swagging the shit outta Hannah last night (:
Three miles never felt so easy...
double glasses of vino and Fernet/ginger shots...uh on to the Irish whiskey bar ladies!
whatever happens, I pretty much only care about the Western Conference. The stars in the East have been decimated.
MBA programs can introduce students to valuable skills they can apply to the non-profit sector.
ya I love your tweets but with all due respect fuck you
Yes! Present for #vwmooc celebration, but I am also doing homework for my doc class. Benefits of living/working in the metaverse
my thoughts and prayers i hope your week goes better for you
YEAH! but I need minutes. -_-
Girl Scouts in front of the Clintonville Market.
get it in fam
Flip your boss the bird and tell him/her you're going to Sabbatic for MKE's BEST Happy Hour: EVERYTHING 2-4-1 from 5-9pm Mon-Fri.
I'm offically addicted to Pinterest..thanks for introducing me into the madness. Ha
best 21st #birthday present ideas for a non drinker?! (new mom)
And a very Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours, as well!
RT : GOP Prez cand. Mitt Romney to campaign in Charlotte on Friday.
Seriously--makeup/hair tip of the day: When trying to get hairspray out of your hair, simply put pantyhose over your brush & brush it out!
"This is huge news for ! There will be a huge turnout of independents who are sick of political games!”
I get on here and look at my friends pages all they are doing is fighting :/ Why cant they get along anymore Ily Kayla and Rayanna(: smh
hey there :) what's up
Hey man anytime that shit was beyond hilarious! Keep up the good work I will keep posting!
Perfect #Valentine gift = Magnolia Bay Toffee!!
About to leave for school
new background >>>
when did ron artest come outta retirement and start scoring like a legit nba player? lol
don't be tryna play me y'all know that make both y'all niggas laugh lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
“: Playing 3 tourneys on , drinking....stopped reading after sick brag
You're lucky if your memory remains.
wootwoot! So happy you enjoyed it. Thank you!
Today slightly less Mondayish now that I figured out how to make the headphones work on my new office computer.
So we ever going to Max Quick 3?
Somebody needs to teach this girl some manners!
After a tough workout I can never eat much. But I can always drink... :)
totally addicted to the morganville vampires novels. currently on number six. you rock
Can You Follow w My New Page :)
Why thanks so much for the follow
and james clearly doesn't realize i still drive my '96 civic. many thanks to both of you.
Man, such a lazy sleepy week... Spring Break where are you already? :o
Moving right along
2012 only has one ball and he dropped that one on the first
Time for #swimpractice . Not sure if I'm excited for it or if I don't want to go at all... :P
To keep my sanity I often have to ask myself: how important will this be in 10 years. It helps...sometimes. LOL
yeah I saw your pictures, but I only got here on Friday morning, just a quick weekend trip sadly enough
": #ff my best friends " MEMBERS<3 OMG.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> tragic RT : dinner with the fam missing
Follow my boo
Listening to She knows my whole life:')
Show that you care. Be ready for your espresso when your espresso is ready for you.
It's official. We're FB friends!
Some gay guy just walked by my car at gay bingo and said "I smell trucker men." Wtf does that smell like? Loneliness and hookers?!?!
Thanks for the follow. Have a great one
Buy MY WORLD on November 17. You can be the lucky one to get that golden ticket inside and have your own Private JBconcert for u&ur friends!
Congratulations on all the Great words and feedback on I AM A GHOST!!
Taking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
Good morning!!
That would be handy! I like chopped up, roasted green chile in my Deviled Eggs!
sorry can't help maself ya just such an eyecandy ;)
I just realized, I dont give a fuckk about you anymore.
yes, thank the Lord
decked out in camo today and playing well...also apart of my fantasy team for the week: Phil, Rory, Bubba, Jason Day, D Johnson
Nice lineup! I'm convinced Tony Rice is an alien.
Random thought..I'm not voting in Nov I can't support this one
The game comes on tonight..cnt wait
if u wanna hoop , we at da Y
ROI on social interaction increased by leveraging existing pr resources into social roles
it has also completely ruined for me the rahsaan roland kirk song "reeds and deeds" ;(
I will never use American again. Consensual adult sex workers travel a LOT. A boycott of American is in order.
No, it's still there. I'm playing it now. :)
I can't wait either “: hell yea, tour dates r up! Can't wait to be surrounded by excitable ones again!”
thanks Idc she's really stupid anyways
LOL! I won't lie bc I did just that
If I just make do with a nice dude, I could make it to the white picket fence crew. But it just won't work like that.
IM BACK
Happy to report >$750 was collected at Lackawanna County Public Libraries for West Pittston Library; almost $500 at ACL alone! Thanks!
And the parking lot assaults! RT : Now I can watch the Giants / Dodgers game on MLB.TV. Nice
you are #winning ! you pre-planned this didn't you!?! ;) What's next?
GREAT WORK crew and keep educating people to get their colonoscopies and save lives!!!! :)
then why are you on your phone?!
loved Bertie Co building a Farmers Mkt as the semester project; community benefits c: #edukare .. where's !? :)
Thanks for following , , and
sending you Lots of great energy!!Have a BLAST!!!xx
RT : Dear : If you have any type of personal announcement to make, now would be a marvelous time.
Happy Happy Hump Day!
surf shop FOR REALS? you have to stop by & report back
Did Alex Ovechkin play in the third period? Nothing like your "best player" being a third period healthy scratch.
Paul Pastorek has a great vision for ED on many points for change
Thanks for the shout out and RT! Seems we are on the same page! Here's to your success!
Good morning! It's Day 25, 'Abdu'l-Bahá's last full day in Chicago
How are you even listening to The Fan without blood dripping from your ears?!
we don't die we multiply
Got a new dog..Rottweiler...not too happy abt it..don't trust him..,He's afraid of my skateboard so thts a good thing
you really look like eliza thornberry!
Thx Great to see you my friend! RT : Great dinner Thanks!
I do “ Anybody want 2 go see American reuion?”
networking for a dj host on the mixtape
#PalePeopleProblems "Are you sick, you look so pale..?" "Nope, I'm just pale all the time."
Are there young heroes in your life, making a difference in their communities? Help recognize them - !
you are so sweet to me. And it's great. :)
Attending executive group meeting for WHO #ICD11 ... but this time, not in Geneva but Las Vegas. Go figure ;)
aloha indeed. :)
Tim - My undergrad is in poli sci. I would have loved to have a conservative professor, but you are correct, there are few
ROQTD! RQOTD? It's retarded quote of the day! "I like grabbing these handfuls of jellybeans and like eating them..."
Wow. Cisse might have just struck the Goal of the Year. You can expect to see that in the #SCTop10 tonight.
Seems to be a snig past peak - leaves dropping like rain :(
Okay , now I'm going to sleep !
business for sale
Fun day with daughter and friends at #passportDC, visited 8 embassies, ate pumpkin candy, and met the wife of the Bruneian ambassador
#iCantStandWhen I start cooking and realize I am out of an real important ingredient.
Twice, now, I've upgraded an iPhone OS only to lose all contacts entered directly onto the phone. This just shouldn't happen, Apple.
I hope you drink bleach and die from having diarrhea.
Sorry you couldn't make it last night. We ate and drank enough for you. ;->
It's been shared on Facebook a few times. Any word from Marc?
please follow me?? <3
The Plum Wine Sake was delightful. Probably didn't need two mid-day, but I digress.
RT The sooner ~ I dissolve ~ in this rain ~ the faster ~ I become one ~ with myself.
well played!
The #Aztec leaders at half are Franklin 9 points and 4 rebounds, and Tapley with 3 assists.
& his girlfriend too :-D RT": I totally agree: Sheldon needs pragmatics support too! #mmpotd #slpeeps"
Leaving an honest book review is the nicest thing you can do for other readers.
Back catalog's back ALRIGHT!
would like to talk about the tour business
New word of the day: collocation Can you tell I am taking cataloging?
Ok!! lets do iiitt!!!! RT : whatever you watch, watch it next to me :)
RT : The longer the series stretches, the more we have to shut down Durant.
is just awesome!!!
Switching over to has made my day (and life) that much easier
Can someone do me a shoutout?:/ Need more followers!:D
Suppose to be a damn sweep but I did say heat in 5
Have any ideas for books that make great gifts for mother's day? Share them with us!
Good morning twitters twittys.hope all is well in your world.just got back from a road trip.it was nice.
Done and done... you just saved me $60/year. And thank you
I mean was I not supposed to? And plus I believe you listen to Future.
Happy to be out of the hospital! If only that meant I were done recovering. :)
taking warm bodies back to the library and getting back into a song of ice and fire
Spending this snowy day off crafting and cleaning
You gotta drug crying babies. A lil Remy in they bottle knock they ass right out.
Worst mood.
Love having our new stylist - busy busy welcome to Darlina Thur thro Sat
Dammit. Got ready for no reason.
So now we know the identity of the DART rail shooter, but there is no obvious reason why it took so long for it to be released.
I love my mom. Just left her & I already miss her. Must visit her soon.
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it.
Guys The Jonas brothers are nothing now. Joe sucks. Get it in your head.
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. Franklin D. Roosevelt
Also thanks to for hosting and to for the pizza!
please follow me !!!!!!
Although, for some reason Stephen sent it at 10:39 and I got it at 11:05 using TweetDeck. But, I signed up for this immediately.
I cried 2times during Wrestle Mania, when HBK, Undertaker and Triple H helped each other out and when Edge started crying :'(
It's the weekend!
Don't allow someone else to dictate, your actions. By doing so you can avoid most feeling of regret.
I wish my best friend was with me
Good quote!
Marley live at the roxy, RIP bob
Not knocking the crappy black-love movies vivica fox stars in, but she coulda been so much more "A-list"
Me and are writing a song for its gonna be epic!!!
thanks Matt! We love that your blog is back up and running. Makes researching for PDiN that much easier!
I was on my G status today...... but something was missing, one of my partners in crime ...
Hey! Let us know what you think of them :)
NWST: Did the #Seahawks talk to #RGIII @ the combine? hear from the Heiman Winner himself w/ tonight. 930 / 11pm KONG
SON! Holy moly. I can't wait!
take it down a notch Leah!!! Lol
“‘I can’t’ are two words that have never been in my vocabulary. I believe in me more than anything in this world.” - Wilma Rudolph
been down all day. been monitoring it, been using torrentz.eu for now
Happy Birthday! Long time, no see.
If your not a belieber, then your deffenatly not a mahomie -Brooke
I <3 SPACE TEEN!
I'm so upset lololol
Excuse me, looking good lately miss Vicki!!! Cougars are in effect!!!!
Sure hope it does someday. no res why not! n everyone gets on the same pge.Been nice talkin to ya. hve a good one! <3
RT: Damn Kelly what happened : />>> I know:(.
Well, wouldn't that make me like your Queen or something? *stomps my foot* I want a crown too.
Just heard the "my city" remix on I just realized that song is all about my new home! Can't stop smiling.
whats up jay its mike how are you
I just hope theres hope.
Very few Washington Insiders know what to do with a QR code.
Woke like Im #TeamNoSleep but now my ass need to get some sleep...
People need to learn how to stop disrespecting pregant teenagers. its not right, but you dont know what theyve been through.
it was loud. But yes, lots of fun!
I got my phone taken up ha and I think it's off :o
welcome to the city! :)
RT : Soccer is a passion, pastime, religion in rest of the world - cultural. Here in the US, sports are bu$iness
Scrivener is life-changingly amazing, if it fits your process. I can't imagine writing in anything else. Happy to gush more... :)
Yes or No
I miss food science! ;(
I could sure use a sister day.. Your the only one who makes me SMILE :D
Just a quick hello to my friends at K-Twin:
. is on sale today through Thursday to celebrate Better Speech & Hearing month! Save $6 by downloading the app for only $13.99
I was getting ready to watch porn when i heard #LarrySexTapeLeaked <3 Disappointing
LoL! Just "sort of" excited? If I was your sister I would kick your something.
Bored with "Art in America" mag this month. :-(
Neal before zod
If music be the food of love, play on. -Shakespeare.
On bankhead highway if u need studio time. Mix game crazy. U already know
did you get my IM on FB? Did you find another option?
police gon come soon
I'm So Annoyed By The Drama That Happens !
what I miss?
all the cafeteria ladies call me babycakes <3
it's in the VS bag on your bed
Did you know about ? I'm going to see a Best Rack Competition in two weeks. That's baah-fling
we were roght behind you!
not much. you've never invited us.
We're supporting you on
RT : uh oh has disappeared from the #itunes store, is Apple flexing muscle or is this more on their legal woes...
post-event(s) meetup at the G-man?
Kiss you taste you all night always
I recommend those dramas. I also have tons more recommendations if you need them. For dramas and movies.
why didn't u tell me you weren't gonna be here? :(
Bad prior planning on my part...
lol Bmore u get 4 wings and fries usually with salt pepper and ketchup on everything
On the bus to Wrigley - Go Go!!
: may I suggest a 5 hour energy ? i need some caffeine rightnow.i have NO energy
You seem perfect, but why are you so far away from me..
m, grilled cheese would be amazing
Happy Birthday!! Girl we're gonna miss watching you in the Blue and White next year.
My tummy was barely showing and some bitch told me to put me shirt down..bitch please..
everyone deserves a slow down day LOL
Today's lunch is a slice of spinach mushroom quiche and a cup of honey ginseng green tea.
Memorial tribute for Eddie Marshall: Sun 9/11, 7:30p @ The Jazzschool in Berkeley, 2087 Addison St. Come share your love and remembrances.
just read your latest piece. It's all quite insane.
I just read that post - how exactly DO you keep H Street from going uber-trendy? The answer wasn't clear to me...
so funny how you are now a country fan. I still cannot believe your conversion haha.
so do i, i need one
I'm a PC and a Mac ...great place to be as a consumer
One of justins tour places better be in San Jose! I'm gonna flip if I don't get a ticket
thanks guys! All good excited about the future for everyone!
If you follow then good things will happen and u will have good luckk. TRUST ME
Peeling the fruit can be hard work. The fruits of intellectual labor are well worth it.
Girl, you got yourself an opening with the 1D boys!! Lucky! Have u chosen a BF yet? ;) Hope to see u when u come to NYC!
I just got jumped by black people
Free shipping to the lower 48 states today on any order over $49. Offer good til midnight CST. Cheers!
no but it is on my list now thanks
": thickness, but i definitely don't see it =\" lol u see it sir :-)
Got some memorabilia last night to take back to IU. Jersey
I just had a Hot Dog.
- thanks! The biz is about 6 yrs old now and I feel like it's about to blossom, for sure. Been very challenging up til now.
Any one need follows follow me I follow you how that sounds to you fair or no ?
a biography of Travolta that touches on rumors he faced—one thing. gossip to fill our dull lives in twitter-another.
I hit the ground before, I'm not afraid of the fall!
Movies I will always watch if they are on TV: Angus, Real Genius, A League of Their Own.
Question for you:? What would you prefer; a zippered bag to store this product and parts, or a plastic box that most pet products come in?
*During assembly* Say Somethin is playing in my head. <33
We just got in a shipment of beautiful dresses, pants and blouses from line of African inspired clothing! Lovely colors & cuts
Are soft drinks public enemy No 1. ?
its okayy i feel better, my head was just hurting really bad.
The best time to start thinking about 2012 is now. Reflect on this year - what needs to change about you to reach your goals for next year?
I start college classes in june 6
The Denver Broncos have cut Daniel Graham
She's creeping out those of us in OKC also!
about damn time!
You're not missing much. Just a lot of video package recaps of the previous week's Raw.
Thanks for the RT! =]
Discussing the career and injury to Mariano Rivera. One of the most dominant players in MLB history. 248-848-1130.
If u sense around u the breathe of God its Him waiting 2 release His promises for u. Expectation is an innate feature of unique design!
MERRY X-MAS. ACT NAUGHTY. CHECK OUT THE LATEST DESIGNS/ AND ''LIKE'' TO SHOW YOUR XMAS SPIRIT/ TIS' THE SEASON TO ''LIKE'' !
Big thanks to new backer ! Thank you so much!
Per , adding WeFollow into the Librarian List calculations. Have a tentative list, investigating what it all means.
Staring at myself in the mirror before I enter the shower... I got the six pack coming along nicely! ;)
just wanna cam with u! :) you??<3
view our complete menu with online www.wilsonhotamales.com
Fliers/Penguins game is a literal bloodbath
Public internet outage at my library sparks greatest outbreak of computer solitaire since it shipped with Windows 3.1!
Nash is playing again with the Suns again, finally. Now I'm following Shaq and Steve Nash on Twitter. Go Suns!
The worst moment of my life just occurred in the breakroom when a guy told me it was ok to "come out" all because I never talk about dudes.
#notte #MME this Friday!!! Ladies free til 11.. Relaxed dress code... Dm for VIP entry...
Thank you! I had a great weekend. Timbers win and Bike Bar in N. PDX with friends and family. What more could I ask?
Yes, ok...most definitely!
Thank goodness for Valerian Root Tea. In desperate need of an
happy 21st girl! Hope it's a good one! (:
aight bet when I get home from school.
More than I told you my limit was. We'll leave it at that.
You fell from my hair; I took you for a maggot; You're an inch worm, son.
follow me back please(:
Coo. It's a bit uneven, but has two classic scenes and definitely deserves more recognition than it gets.
Thank you! I'm going for concise. But tell me if too concise. Am thinking of posting outtakes from this week's.
Really feeling for all the super hotties w/0-liked pics on Instagram of them wearing sunglasses, doing a peace sign & showing off cleavage.
im from washington to it sucks being far from all these amazing people
Yes..at least the small crowds the Sox get keep their lousy play sorta secret": ....the Sox. They're doing bad also huh?"
Pizza at Patsy's followed by Upright Citizens Brigade. Perfect Friday!
"To argue with a person who has renounced reason is like administering medicine to the dead."
ask me after this #Sixers game ;) you?
RT“: Looking forward to lying about the progress of our economic and fiscal reforms at #CPAC tonight.”
Great advice. Don't want to be a pushing used car salesman type ;-)
I wanted to let you know tht I really like u n I think your really cute n wen we hang n get to knw each other more we can b more thn friends
We spied a curious-looking nestbox with an inscription that read "Tweet & ye shall be re-tweeted".
In love with the Cosmo shorts from !!
OK. I'm intrigued. Went from being "meh...I'll see it" about this film to "yeah, I can't WAIT to see this!"
Hittin the shower, then maybe work on a study guide
Kind of glad I went out last night and missed most of Lakepocalpypse Now(tm) (but willing to license that term to )
2 types of written criminal law: substantive (describes crimes & punishments) & procedural (says how the accused should be treated)
- Tyler Anderson <3
InformationWeek has started addressing letters from IWK. Probably trying to trick me into opening it.
omg yes we should!! My uncle has a boat but I don't think all 8A is gonna fit on it. And don't they have like cabins that u ...
Register to vote now!
BBC is saying that she took "change" from Obama.
off to Dallas tomorrow ^______^
First day back to Jitz and there goes my groin ,AGAIN smh
RT 77' Sporting KC Substitution: Academy player David Leichty on to earn his 1st appearance for the Sr squad // great job David!
AH Nothing like Starbucks caffeine flowing through your body! lol Alright back to work now.
I never bring my iPod to school with me.
I hope they serve beer in Hell...
Ugh I have to go to school extra early today for my zero class:( TGIF! :D
glad you read dude
so now i still think it'l be josh, hollie, or elise going home next. no way the other 3 will.
Need help? Studying in 's RLC today? There will be a librarian there during free hour if you have questions!
"Mike Vedovat welcome.....if your in the Houston area and want recovery...this is one of the better places im told by ex clients.."
Lol RT : Peyton, I need 9 points still from Austin Collie. Step your fucking game up.
I swear Pensacola has some good ass weed....it just takes forever to find that shit.
| Great infographic, but they forgot about us in the midwest minus Chicago.
thanks! Stop in any time :)
I love my best friend. She puts up with me being a psychotic bitch. Lmfao
The biggest question is did you win?
People that say they're gonna do something and then do the complete opposite.... Frustrate me...
Hey, , let's limit the sexy samba music, OK? is enjoying that too much.
.poop {display:none;}
If you fabricated hideous untruths about Mike Daisy & he sued, you could always use the defense that you were "exercising artistic license".
It's new #Brewers hat day! It's new #Brewers hat day! Go #Brewers!!!
What is "almost" married and how does it work? I think and I might qualify.
I hope I can find time to comment on this; may take months to work it in; we'll see. Thanks.
Kudos on the #sbbd book launch Peter! Don't forget about 's signed copy from #SMBAustin! :)
ha, yeah, that's what I originally thought too. And I was gonna wait and listen to the whole thing tonight lol.
Fuck my friend also ugh
according to Mexican you do
the ACC has had some poor reffing this season...but tonight's atrocious job by Big Game Teddy V is new low. We deserve better
#NameYourFavoriteRapper Lil Kim-The Queen Bitch. Forever KIM
your love is playing! Down at a bar in AZ for spring training.
Mine too..
Big Brother s evil dick has turned into a dick..go team shelly and cassie
I just cracked my iPod more than it already was.... This is going to be a good day.
On a plane built in October 2011 - Even has that new plane smell.
Hope is not a strategy - but sometimes it's essential to execution.
Glish was so good tonight. love me some noise pop after a long day's work.
omg i still have mines! wanna go rollerblading??
#NP we don't care - Kanye West
whenever I go Cologne shopping I bring a zip lock with coffee beans. My Favorite is Burberry
Love her to death only if she would see that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Immediate casting! Know anyone in BAD relationship? Live in SoCal or Alanta area? Email your story:
#FF Amer. Lung Assoc tweets found here. Have we forgotten to mention you?
At least you didn't tout yourself singing the song this time.
What's wrong with a shot at 11am? Cheers to a great table read, cheers to fighting the good fight (or not?)
whatever going to bed....night :)
"Humans are the only creatures on the planet who laugh.Hyenas make funny barks..." Have you gotten your giggles & grins today?
When you getting back to work? You should be fired for how many weeks you've been off!
Rangers are putting me in a good mood tonight. And my cocktail.
i love u so much
": #Scorpios do well hanging on to money but they also know how to spend it on luxurious possessions"
#MarchMadness & #Knicks games Today! Then late night sounds by Chuck Barrett Hosted by
we shld have a roscoes or penguin date soon! #NOMNOMNOM are you doing #afterbuzz tonight? I have to let the masses know!
customer service #failure. Three weeks to confirm they lost my online order for two gift subscriptions. Remedied by phone. Ugh.
Way too crowded at Typeforce last night. Wanted to tell you I really liked your piece. Also appreciate your helping the bees.
No worries. Thanks for the reply. I may have to break down and get the kindle version. :)
Landed in atlanta
What planet do you live on??? Lol how can at least 1 not like or play hockey?!
wow mexican delivery look us up today on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
What to do what to do for this Saturday night either way doing it the cpope way
did someone hacked ur facebook
Good to see several people from Avalon Consulting at #otvcw!
just have to make it through 3.5 classes, a 2 hour bus ride, a 2 hour wait, a 2 hour flight, and a 1 hour drive. can't wait but shiiit
#mubb can't hit shit right now.
The NBA announces: "All basketballs made for the NBA will be created from Snookies skin"
Just want to say I love your work!
fasho, send it to me if I like it ill sponsor it
If you only drank one liquid your whole life say #MonsterEnergy you think you would pee Monster?
i wish i had a relationship with a girl period. havent had too much of those in my life so far.
so much for giving up twitter for a week. #adamcantevengoanhourwithoutgettinghistwitterfix :)
I do, I play her fairly simple though, if you're trying to get combos out of me I wouldn't recommend it. :)
Knock these free throws down B.
Locked myself out of my house<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> FUCKING GREAT!
My old yahoo account has suddenly turned into a dumping ground. How do I keep my archive of emails?
Save a life - enter Yoplait codes!!!
me to...it's perfect ;)
Typing from my fancy phone, I hope I don't break it.
I'm doing good , working hard . And your welcome . I always support the lifers
Its a beautiful Monday Morning and im in the mood to be successful!
Share my world, don't you leave. Promise i'll be here whenever you need me here
Right back at ya.
Nope..thats your job..u made it..u clean it! #Responsibility...Giggity! RT : better clean that up :)~*
will do. thanks for the tip!
Auburn Cord Duesenberg will be hosting the National Association of Automobiles Museums conference. we are designing tees for that as well
My birthday is tommorow, and i wanna go to the world series in texas, anyone down?
"Many wealthy people are little more than janitors of their possessions." - Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959)
i'm a boy yes
Get a (chat)room!
Just don't use what they use on the show Breaking Bad
that was funny
?? “: Seau was also the pride of Lincoln, Nebraska at one time”
real recognize real
The best way to make people remember you? Borrow money from therm ;-)
About to be off to my daughter's soccer game!
Does anyone have "Teaching in the Art Museum" from the SAM yesterday? I want to review it on Museum-Ed. Or maybe you'd review it?
Not a hockey fan but I feel bad for the Caps fans. They played out of their minds the last couple months. Better luck next season.
I have to show y'all how Mr. Columbus parties! And it's the bday weekend? #PureIgnorance !!! Lmao
EPIC!!! The last couple nights were beyond words, thank you thank you!!!
Best BJ West of the mississippi
Never mind, found him. Welcome to the City of Brotherly Love!
i like those stances
Today was one of those days that really make you appreciate spring. Just being outside put a HUGE smile on y face!
Wow, thanks. I can't belive I never tried that.
ok call me tomorrow night
happy birthday Timothy! :) you're new music video is so adorable!
"Church hear me, we have a responsibility to PRAY! Pray for the persecution" Manohar. Pray for the release from chains and boldness
Really makes you question the sanity of our country when a cookie inspired candy bar is garnering this much attention.
I get
Delivery Failed: Invalid Destination or Service Blocked At Destination. BITCH PLEASE WHAT THE COW?
BREAKING: Ex-Ohio State QB Art Schlichter sentenced to 10 years, 7 months in prison from fraud case in $1 million ticket-selling scheme.
need more ballsweat help
AH birds research paper bibliography thing. Oh the joyful memories
I hate that friend of your roommate that constantly comes over without asking and is always being dramatic.
RT #hdExopshow starts tomorrow (today, now). Stop by booth 5319 to see The Power Lines Collection by
Thx girl, he will be ok...just a contagious virus/rash. Can we say ONLY child!! LOL
5 o' clock traffic!!!!
Good luck to everyone, everywhere taking exams this week.
usually I'm ok with them but sometimes I'm just like FOOOOODDDD
If wizards existed , I would cast a spell so that the show wouldn't end .
About to check out Fright Night remake. Hope its good
I miss you punk. I will see you soon though at least
Drupal is a CMS that's embracing microformats. UA library's website going to Drupal later this year.
Let the measure of time be spiritual, not mechanical
Nice comment. Because it was signed as "J," my boss thought I posted it. Heh.
Awesome intro video from
thinking hard as hell....idk what to do so many things going through my head
The emotional roller coaster of the psychology of weekend potential.
My family just left without telling me where they were going..
Ainn even old enough too drink beer bitch im tipsy off this soda pop
"Like" on Facebook and get free admission during the month of March! May have to make a trip to the D...
thanks John! #chase always is tough
Thanks for the follow!!
Life is agreeable. Death is peaceful. It's the cross over that is bothersome.
Hate getting lost on the way home from work (snow messes up all public transport). Have to be up again in 5 hrs for work.
Weekend has been great. Getting ready for the week ahead. Hope you had a nice weekend!
Happy Mother's Day!!!! :)
Out shopping for Sunday Dinner. Menu coming later.
#NowPlaying "Be My Baby" by Ronettes
I love you but your too damn far.. :/
RT : got a hard ass song coming out Kill Sally dope ass track
Success is "the progressive realization of a worthy goal or idea
Celts showing they have one more championship run in 'em.
I've been working as web editor at my paper for 9 months, and we have to approve comments before they hit the web. Pain the ass
Great meal at service, food, drinks, even a table visit from the chef. I had a Mayan dish... Perfect service from Diego! Dang
Queens all Day
but it's too slow to move anywhere except the booths...privacy policy = they share your email with whoever..?
Yoga in the morning.
MAKING DIFFERENCES - The WORLD is full of people who believe in things, but VERY FEW who do something with their beliefs. Which are you?
Trueblood is on & Sam is being a BOSS right now! I knew he wasn't as nice as he acted. There's a thug in that man! <U+E00D><U+E14C> #truebloodtweets<U+E337>
atleast u ain't disappeared but Ian gone b green lol
Shit. Missed the bus and the only other guy still here is Earl Blumenauer. Looks like I'll be walking home tonight.
Going to North Park :-ñ
Really congress. You can give the rich tax breaks, but you can't give a break to the middle class?
Mr.Craig do u know when mindless behavior is coming to New York ?
Now you're just somebody that I use to poke
Oh Yeaa I Fucks With #Westpoint Lol So what you up too ?
"The halo on top of my head is only there to show that both my left and right sides are equally devious."
And just FYI it is freaking hard to hang even a hung flipping door. Almost lost my noodles today.
I love how you must be prompt for doctor appointments and yet inevitably wait an amount of time that would be unacceptable if reversed
you look amazing either way
Twitter Jail :( People follow me and give me shout outs so I can follow everyone back!
The fact that tweeted me! bvkbfvkbavkjbaegjbakjb <3 And Follows ! lkbnlkbadbga
Monday Mantra: "My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness." ~ Dalai Lama
If you have to tell me it's hilarious it's probably not.
I've been up close & personal w/such yayhoos in the old south (60's) - ugly, unjust, irrational is all I can say.
Their relationship reminds me of me and my hubby LOL
Congratulations! Now don't ever leave us like that again ;)
#FACT Community leaders identified heart disease as 1 of the top public health issues affecting residents of Hamilton County.
Quotes Tom Jenkins - the future belongs as much to the tool users as to the toolmakers
I hate kids who won't let me copy off of them.
Open mic from 3-5:30pm in Room L4 (Back of Exhibit Hall)! Come sign up and play for #FAI12!
completely agree i absolutely love it! Ive seen it 3 times! Lol
Spring Break!!!!!
Babe Ruth hit his first big league homer on this day in 1915. Wonder what became of the ball. Now THAT would be a fun auction.
listening to dead people sing makes my heart tingle...technology is amazing...
Finally putting all my "summer" music back on my iPod! :) along with scary kids scarying kids
Well i havnt been on here in awhile and its really weird on here becuz i forgot how to use twitter lol :/
Having so much fun game with on the roof deck. Let's go Twinks!
And Sporting KC is officially second in the Eastern Conference.
I was playing pong
Saw Andrew Breitbart on GMA. Can't even admit that he knew what Shirley Sherrod really said on that tape, but chose to edit to get
I seen Beyonce at Burger King, and she was eating.
Biggest difference between LeBron this year and last is that he's driving to basket & posting up. Not settling for jumpers.
I'm gunna sleep all day, go to rehearsal, and come home and sleep so I can do recital!
Just got home and I'm soo freakn tired <U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>
“ You can always count on a Gemini woman to remain calm in a stressful situation.”
check out Download the Everything Else Other Files | Playstation network code $50 ( PSN us only )
Not gonna get much sleep tonight. Reading seminar to do and card packets to make and cards to cut and laminate. #montessori hw
how does the song go? Oh yeah: "We've only just begun"
You are in my thoughts.
story of my life #cousinminds oh and are you coming for carli's graduation?
I forgot about my magic 8 ball!!! Ask away, Jon!
Thick White Freeks now on tap
We're back from our weekend in Charleston, SC. It was incredible!
um... fruit fly?
tht ur pretty and nice? It's true!! And Vinny is hot and nice. I cant deny the truth unless I hate u but I don't hate u so
Madison Pharmacy Associates |recommends NTx rate of bone loss testing to determine how fast you are losing bone
Omfg.. I get free HBO and just saw this #gamechange movie. Yea, I'm on the phone w/cable co. now having hbo removed from lineup lol..
In a very suspicious move, Samsung pushes an update to its tv and bluray Internet interfaces deleting Netflix replacing it with Blockbuster
Deception is the only felony..
Had soo much fun last night, thanks! RT : can't wait to see you tonight!
thanks for the soy info. recently became vegan will definitely be watching my soy intake.
Buckeyes fans everywhere now forgive you for being a Gator,Now your family,a Cleveland Brown future probowler
It is. I couldn't push "play." the article and stills were enough for me.
let me know. I'm here all week for it. Ask albie and dean, I'm really harmless ;)
home made chorizo, pork belly, bacon and taso ham is in the mix!
Clearly the most random thing in the universe is where a house cat chooses to nap.
HP is derived from x, y, and z, but it can still stand on its own. "The Magicians" = most unoriginal book I've read in years.
Tonight. Club Garibaldi. Where it's at.
re: footballs on the beach - do we really need to regulate common sense... err... wait
Already feels like summer in the city
hm that's not what I was told adey meant lol
HELL TO THE YEAH :) Boats & hoes. The legendary concert. #ItsGoingDown ;)
That's what back packs and leases are for. bring them with
In the words of LL, "Do you really want a thug or do you want love?"
Exciting things happening this week...... stay tuned!
Roommate is back!! And, I'm totally not offended that she says, I can be polite for the next half hour, and then I'm going to sleep.
Sounds familiar. This trial is driving me crazy, and I do this for a living!!!
What I did in math class: became a minister.
Busy last week of great classes, vo jobs, events & opps! New website up & running! So excited! Love some feedback! www.brittaniebert.com
Oh pfft your welcome(; YOUR CUTE :P...
If we put pictures of lost kids on beer cans instead of milk cartons, we’d find them in about 15 minutes.
CEO of Apple #Stevejobs to resign. Lets hope Tim Cook can come up with some innovative products like Steve did.
Went straight cold turkey on cokes and now I think my new addiction is powerade, smh.
who steals at weddings??
aww! Where is this?
they must have missed the fact that Tebow had the lowest completion percentage of any QB in the NFL
So much for cooking while the husband is away. Dinner = pretzels, fig spread, cheese, and wine.
Everything is all organized now! #neatFreak (:
you are worthless
sometimes a girl just needs some instant potatoes and chocolate milk in a wine glass
Joining my fellow recent grads in being bummed about not having classes today.
awh. He's so darn little! Asfghjkl
and were the only good part of this night #stressed but
cool thats fine with me Quinette
Some great #FF folks
That talk on the way home.
They're NOT you're "favorite band" if you only know one song, and you think they're hot.
Just decided to read The Time Traveler's wife...the debate of seeing the movie will come once i'm done!
U want me back but I moved on and found someone better
Obama making notable history in his speech from KS
bed time! Hoping and praying for good news tomorrow. Wish me luck at my interview!
Shut up and put your money where your mouth is.
Shooting hoops. Trying to break my record of 8 shots from foul line (1964). No hope
Wanna go get pizza then have sex? What's the matter dnt like pizza??.
Sad day in San Diego
True Born Records a
RT : Amazing conclusion to my blunder: They aren't charging me any crazy fee! Man what an awesome service. You...
JDR posted on facebook our Regional 2012 #WINNING Coty Award Projects, Special thnks to team for Master Bathroom Project. Nice work guys@!!
thank you!(:
just one picture of the painting!!!!?
it has never felt so good to lay down in bed before.
Missin you and Lloyd already. And the truffle pasta... #phillytweet cc:
mm.. maybe now we can expect the Nookia ...
Hey Friends be sure to follow along with !
Miley Cyrus used to be so nice & supportive of Selena Gomez, & Slutena repays her by stealing Nick Jonas from her. What a whore.
Damn... I'm not even getting any goodbyes. This is the worst going away party ever!! Fucking love it though. Shit's stupid...
idk but come to next one
In line infront of the fleetcenter trying to get my golden ticket. Come on Willy
and it's now ok to eat at 910. They just stopped serving foie gras.
I want the car for myself but I'd give it to my mom as a present. Shes always wanted one and I would like to see her smile
RT : leaving san jose. had a fun show. carlos joined us for a few tunes. good fun was had by all. <== TRUE STORY!
lol and it's just more relaxing “: I would have 100+ double moabs if he got on the game more.”
LOL Shutup Sam. I hate that dog.
now those are some pretty easter eggs!
abominable as in causing disgust or hatred. He's very athletic, used to be a good shooter, and an above average defender..
Know some1 6-12 months frm graduating/has a B.S & doesn't have a job? Tell them to hit up Teaching is a gr8 opportunity!
I only did two, jerk. :)
A hoodie, shorts, and uggs.
how u suppose to get rid of all the ugly people out there cuz?
- you rock! Github is in my future...
Alright I crossed many lines last night. No going back now
Maybe Matthew? :-) Have a great weekend!
There's a 3pack of available for only $20...a savings of 16% off normal price. Thanks to those who just ordered.
I used to care
thanks yellow bone lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Tip #112: Someone is impeccably dressed and very well groomed. They may have a tendency to look for monsters under the bed.
Congrats to team In It 2 Wynn It and thank you ABC2 & Outward Bound for coming out!
Pretty sure I just made #textsfrombennet go viral again. Your welcome.
Less than 1 month until I get to live with again!!! Lots of packing still to do...
who did u use to develop the artifact memory game? Love it. We're looking forward to Pompeii opening in March!
Oh American Music Club - how I am enjoying you at this very moment.
#Train is awesome on your show today. I absolutely LOVE the songs on your upcoming album!
I got followed by the #50cent fan page... -______-
Kiss Your Landline Goodbye: 6 Reasons Why You Should Switch to VoIP Phone Service If you find that the only calls you ’re getting on your
that's because you got mad and either blocked me from your page or deleted me lol
thanks! We are glad you like it :)
someone wake up it's time to get down!
Love the journey
Thanks for donating your books to your library!
Pepperoni and chicken nugget pizzas make my day
I am Bringing my willy wonka fully charged!!!
ALWAYS love the music selection!
I'd rather hold an empty cup and pretend to drink than to drink the disgusting stuff they use on sets!
Thank you, we're so glad you and your family had a great time!
Me and found a book called "I Am The Cheese". What the?
We are thinking about running more specials this summer. What dental special would you like to see from us?
Enjoying the last few hours of being home...
I didn't know Paul Giamatti was the coach of the Cincinnati Bearcats.
thanks for following
What are you guys all taking?
Now you have become one of THOSE people tweeting pics of your food...ha!
thanks, sorry for your crappy night as well.
Often times a cool new gadget prompts me to think about either selling or investing in the company behind it also
Imagine going on the most important trip in your life with destination in mind but no map, directions or GPS? Consult estate planning today!
I always wanta fanta! Thanks
If the point is sharp, and the arrow is swift, it can pierce through the dust no matter how thick.
my signal is kind of like the bat signal, if the bat signal moistened the ladies when they saw it in the sky.
Scholars' Thursday, tonight with . Poetry, trivia, music and more after 9 pm!
I'm never gonna be able to sleep after this. Way to excited about #ChasingTheSun!!! asdfggkdjd
#onlyghettopeople don't have enough money for condoms or a pregnancy test but wanna pop out babies
What can be done to fix the Twins?
I feel bad when i dont tweet at least once a day... :) cant wait for the new album! <3 ~18days<3x~
I live with freaks
Ravens Ravens Ravens!
let the games begin!!!!!
Nope. No MDWLV for me. Gareth and Wolfgang though in OC and SD. Bam.
baby, are u okay?
KING for KINGS
Getting ready for Joshua Tree Music Fest! Just got my eyebrows done, bought some road snacks, now a bong hit!
I love when my grandma tells me about our ancestors!
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328><U+E32D><U+E32A> 64
I also have the awesomest cousins EVER ;)
There are two types of people who really irritate me: 1. A drunk person when I'm sober. 2. A sober person when I'm drunk.
LOL I would never whisper!
we're driving from California... Haha but we're getting there.
What great responses to in this session, go
um...that would be LOBOTOMY ... you see what these effin political ad are doing to my brain already!
yeah, ARRREEEEBA followed nake in a police cell…I am better on vodka martinis - after which I just perfrom bad stand-up.
y do u guyzz lyke one direction so much i love their musica but none of them r not even hot
Hehe, for sure! mini swap again? ^_^
my nose is whistling and i dont want to fix it
You know, I actually wondered about that!
Pam roasted mussels with preserved lemon, bacon, pepper aioli, & grilled bread!
Not so good
Trying to decide if it's ironic that the Kindle version of Jobs' bio is only $1 less than the paper version.
Why is it that every time eBay has site issues, it's within hours of my items closing? Honestly.
Happy B-day to da homie
Had a lot more success with the enzymes than the hockey
I might decide to participate in
don't leave. Just hide out here or runaway
I used that subject line in my email
Alfredo de la Fe returns to LQ New York this Wednesday (11/16).
about this #newtwitter...why was it necessary to switch everything from the right to left side? and emphasizing 'name' over @'handle'?
Really impressed with Brandon Jacobs
#RAW rock is back, Brock is back. Thats is why is Amazing...
Yawn nothing like a short drive to add to the fun of work
How could you not eat it, right?
I think I speak for most when I ask, what the hell are you doing??? A high elbow - 3 games, a choke slam, $2k.
following the white rabbit
I want plans tonight. My day off has mostly taken place in my bed.
there will be plenty of celebrating going on
oh, it can happen. my jobs are cases in point as well, my key word was "recommended." better chances w/ networking.
If you love great original music....get your bootie to the cup right now!!!!!!!
I actually tried to stop to see you but the lot was tragic. I will hit you up next time in through!
Johnathan Joseph is ranked 73rd on the #NFLTop100 and they get Blaine Gabbert to compliment him? He deserved better on both counts.
Good luck to everyone running the #BostonMarathon this morning!
Tonight, HEAVY w/'The Wizard' Brian Coxx, That Kid Chris, Oscar P & more. 35 E. 13th Street (), NYC. RSVP to RED
Hey G when are you back in Indy? Be good to see you brotha!
has landed in Big Sky country.
In so excited to see this tweet. Yay for free hi-res photos for ecards. Love this!
since when is fun. dance music?
Happy Father's Day! "Any man can be a father; it takes someone special to be a Dad."
What's up all?
Out here shooting
I'm getting rdy to take off of work a week soon and go up to TN to see my family and meditate a bit.
Dan! Good to see you tweeting and in the gym before 7am! Paying for your Egypt holiday, I'm guessing...
That's a 20F difference from 90 miles south.
OMG KAT! hilarious!...if she like it, i love it! go head momma! lol
friend promised wife to not tell u.she worried u would bring it up,which would force her to listen,which would force her to drink
If you know what to do to reach your goal, it’s not a big enough goal. ~ Bob Proctor ~
No Mr. Asner on set today. Would have been fun if he were!
Plans to give up something for Lent?
RIP Junior Seau.
That whole " Gator Flop" move rarely if ever has worked. Dude still should have fallen down on the 1, but still...
We are back Adobo Tuesday December 8. Come out! I'm glad to be playing there agian it's always been a great time! Hope to see you there
You're thinking of bears/sharks. Tornados can smell menstruation. This joke has officially gone too far
thanks 4 the follow keep the neat Tshirt coming!
you inspire me to bang my head on the wiki wall once again. #win?
AMEN!!! RT : Because it's time #Sacramento was known for what we CAN do, not for what we cannot.
Today, if you follow anyone new, follow the smart, hilarious & beautiful Give her some follow love!
The IRS's priority guidance list is loaded with issues emblematic of our times: COD, distressed debt, and debt/equity issues.
Scheduling mysqldump with cron on the server-side will ultimately be the most secure.
Car got towed, accidentally called someone I did NOT want to call due to phone issues, hooked up with my neighbor = Lame weekend
Oops- I don't think my work computer can keep up with me!
Is working on the rewire. Just love attics in the summertime.
Video in #e28 showing communication breakdown between doctors and nurses. Wow--very applicable to other settings too.
I have a vague memory of seeing the Meat Puppets in high school. I'll have to check them out again.
RT : Former OSU Cowboy Donovan Woods is released from the Dallas Cowboys.
Stannier: build a staircase not a sieve
Damn I cant wait for season 9 of bad girls club in mexicon look interestin so far!
If She Don't Hit The Dougie While She Bouncing Lol
Couldn't have happened to a nice & funnier than hell man! Here's to many more healthy years! Salute!
Anybody catch Mark Plotkin's "DC Get Made" commentary this morning? My homie got raw!!
my friend has his number .
I like when Serge Gainsbourg says poo poo all sexily.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!! ;-)
is dedicated to the production of Plumpy'nut to fight childhood malnutrition globally.
Today is SO boring!!!
Tonight, we shall see! My guess is they will find a way to screw it up.
If you are still up and having a hard time falling asleep...take a look @ ur mattress and I bet it's time to replace! Let us help NOW!!!!
I so have #summeritis ..
lmao i said the same thing in my head
... Enough said! I missed you a whole lot too! :)
Yeah, this guy is a stud. I "get" his point, but I'll be damned if he isn't a hero. #MOH ceremony
Thanks, Shelley! And re AAM definitely :D
OMG its already morning work another 12 today hmu
I'm fairly certain that most straight men would also love to talk to you about your boobs.
Agreed! I'd love to see it in person!
awww, I love it when you're gushy :)
What about the rest of them? This city needs more than ONE train! Haha. I kill myself before 9:30, I really do.
Thanks!!! Keep In Touch!
im too short to drive. so i have a car that i dont even get to use that much!
lol same with my dad he's a nephrologist, he's like I'm retiring soon 'whatevs'
yes ma'am:)
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." - Thomas Edison
you can be so vain sometimes
We're hosting the Tuesday Tasting (Mass Ave Wine Shoppe) tomorrow nite from 5:30-6:30. Come join us for a free tasting!
Miami got some matchup problems.??The Pacers long!!
finally got my iPhone <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I know right!!?!
Hate when people don't text me back
“: Just signed the recall Walker petition, feeling good” Go J!
aww yea mindy! That's awesome, you guys have fun!
What do you think of the VMA's?
you know that crazy ass nigga would cave his chest in. Lmao
Don't switch gyms! Imagine the instagram possibilities!
Do I appear that desperate?
Money make all the hoes swallow and money move the crowd and make the crowd follow
Tomorrows finally thursday \^_^/
Flasher spotted in wicksteed!!
yea. not happy. at least i have a b/u …. but I like my 50d (prob because its familiar).
Just saw Susan Hiland standing on a box. Was that supposed to be a wide shot?
haha I'd be happy if I lost 10 pounds!
Perfect fall weather, going to the aronoff tonight, AND I broke out my boots for the first time this fall!! Happy Friday indeed!
I tell ya, man. These stories my mom watches? Ridiculous.
love you are being "real" that is something really encourages us. That way we can learn and change!
#idontsupport nobody but my baby girl lol..
Stupid hypertonic nipple reflexes got me down (exclusively as a manner of speaking).
RT : Forget BYOD. Make it BaB (Bring a Browser) a la
follow <3 if you do i'll follow you :)
hey, wats up
Crowd is growing at the REV Your Engines concert on Monument Circle. The Romantics and Plain White T's are playing
Thanks for checking out the site! Let us know if there's Interest lists you'd like us to add.
357 Magnum nickel plated.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
RT : Well said...RT Media: please stop interviewing "Tanning Mom." That is all.
The HUGE Naughty and Nice pre holiday sale is going on. Save 50% on my entire artfire studio! www.notnilladesigns.artfire.com
Dublin was just another big city, if you will. Galway was super cute, small, chill, easy to walk around, good food.
hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's 's twitter, so REfollow her maybe?!
just saw your pops at Kroger!
my machine learning algorithm is better than googles. Blah, Blah, blah
off to lambeau
We'll be doing a run at the Glamorous Graffiti Fashion Show Friday night at Mercedez Benz of Elm Grove! Come check it out!
I've got a new zest for life!
Know who looks #BetterInBlack ? Shadowhunters do!(:
that was Crosby
I live in a "ethnic" neighborhood. Wouldn't a silent film in a "ethnic" neighborhood be hard to accomplish?
VENT: Whad'ya mean, delay mammograms till after 50? A friend's having a biopsy tomorrow b'cause of abnrmlty spotted in her annual 'gram
Thank you to the RSVP! They are amazing volunteers who get all 5,000+ copies of our newsletter ready to mail!
Charlotte N.C I am coming to get what's mine soon enough.
Donut is a correct spelling and in some dictionaries it's preferred to doughnut.
LOL. At the library only because i need a computer to charge my phone.
#quake shakes South Hall at 2:42, 3.9, epicenter in Berkeley - these tremors always trigger memories of
I love when my dad isn't home.. Everything just flows so perfectly.
I wish i could go! Picking my friend up at the airport.
It's weird how badly I miss those hills.
as long as its not on the SAME toilet?!?!?!??!?!
Happy mothers day
Happy Tweeting!=)
The are 1-0-1 in spring training now. Go Crew!
yep, and I will take care of u then baby girl.
The Fingersmith, Moonwalking with Einstein, Room are all very different books I've read recently that are good too!
all's good
You are beyond>> gracious to follow all of your fans back!!<3<3
“Hear, Hear! : saw the proclamation video! thanks for all that you do for our arts community.”
Thank you very much that means a lot to us!
Time for bed.
When your dad says "its cute".
What do you guys think, is spotify premium worth it?
Showers and beds all around! Ferless Radio interview at 12:0 noon then show in Frankfort in the evening!
wait wait, i forgot a word -- THE next friday I get off early, I'll call you.... there we go.
Thoughts and prayers to
Woo, summer time. We'll be open 3pm to midnight all summer!
nothing better than ice skating in may.
shut up,I was gon compliment you -_-
Their is a Rock of Ages screening coming to Boston! I need to find the link!
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
well that's kinda hard considering were not just friends! haha.
Please don't go anywhere I honestly don't know what I would do if that ever happened but I believe in you all the way I love you
That would be me ;) RT : some clients just want to use outside for drinks,other want more formal entertaining
FREE netbook tablet with $ 1.099- purchase.......:))))
Great to see and today. and I love making you girls food.
yes! Im here! Cant wait to see you!
My race defines me... Brown is beautiful, I'm rich in culture and the suffering of my race has me the person I am today
Ha! Just unfollowed u trick!!
“Nurture your mind with great thoughts for you will never go higher than you think.” ~Benjamin Disraeli
:) ... ayye im gettin sleepy gurl... so just hit me up tomorrow.... goodnite love!!!!!!!!!!
No ghosts are not made outta milk.
Im so fuqkin tired... #fuqkyoumean I got 1 more till I can leave?!?!! :/ this nigga is clearly on some heavy shit!!!
Anyone ever read Andy Ristaino's Life of a Fetus?
STRONG ... Appreciate it Pal.
We work with businesses of all shapes and sizes.. providing everything from phone lines & broadband to multi site call management solutions.
could you check out our latest mixtape the link is on the profile...i would like to colab. if your feeling the same get at me
totally. Just mediocre chain restaurants.
New today: The latest installment in our discussion of meta-movies, What's it Meta For? Today's movie: The Holy Mountain
A3: Use of pain meds continuously for 3 weeks will lead to dependence
Ha haha ... They said "tar balls" again.
wow....seriously the sun can make a day A LOT BETTER!!!
While it's nice the CIA foiled an Al Qaeda plot in Yemen, they really should have been looking for WMDs in Iraq.
oh haha :) right the uniform is the most important thing ;)
what did you end up getting Eric? Also, thanks for sharing the #fashion event. We have discount codes if you want
Anyone have a YouTube link to Kendrick Lamar's Coachella performance yesterday?!
Damn , I say one thing and Do the Total Opposite
pizza party. #homemade goodness - mozz. pepperoni, sun-dried tomato
can you follow me?
i keep hittin repeat peat peat peat peat
particularly if the carriers will try to sell you another new phone for every six months ;-)
just gorgeous!
no worries! i wasnt as social as i should have been either!
Good morning!!!
lol what the crap. You must be bored to be watching it!
New BMO Pavilion offering free "blue circle seat pass" to get u good seats up front. 2500 per show. More to come.
Tonight was a good night, one small little minor problem, but it wasn't nothing tho.
Thanks for the mention, Jen, and happy birthday!
Deep Creek Lake is nice! Great boating there.
Also, that good feeling where running doesn't make you want to die. There's something to be said for not having to jog in the Texas heat
finally ready to go with the new version. Lets get it! I can't wait to move into a new place lol
Great job! RT : Huge thanks to our guest moderators >> & *Applause*
True Happiness & Sincere Love <U+2764> .
Thanks man!! just read on Guhoyas.com. Wonder with one #22 will wear
right back at ya
: How does that EVEN HAPPEN?!?
will refer you to Are you on this project? I've met with Arun and Ce about some of my Twitter work.
What are some of the dangers in email chain letters? Or are they harmless fun?
y'all have problems
Growing crowd outside Assembling meeting chanting Kill the bill
Case Commons' Casebook application picked as finalist for Google NY prize! Exciting vindication for our innovative approach.
Everyone is bettin the heck out of WAS Under but I'm Not convinced!
#ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned being ugly
RT : Data Collection – Anytime, Anywhere – Learn how at #LTNY w/
your customer service has gone to the crapper with the new Zero help to helping solve a problem on the weekend.
#followmedylan Follow me PLEASE!
Love my family though.
"My muffin top is all that, whole grain, low fat."
His mom said our song is "just a kiss" :P <3
#SometimesYouHaveTo lie and say you did put on the condum,just keep a extra used 1 next to the bed incase she wants to see
My friend drink dialed me to ask me to be in his wedding, how do you say no to that? haha
At #BAM cafe for Nora York's Power Play. Waiting for the Davilas! But I Miss Pomegranate Margarita is keeping me company. Yay!
definitely not!
You know she's been pregnant for 37 months. True fact.
good luck! And have fun!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! You are my absolute favorite actor & I can't wait for your new movies to come out!!!:)
Good morning!
up early with my crew thinking about going to Edgartown today
Awesome! I will dm u my # RT : Would love to have you out. Will contact you soon:) Great Friday to you!
Woody Allen's real name is Allan Stewart Konigsberg
I know i would be happy as hell shoot
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> u bold RT : I hate NIGGERS!
Yes, no doubt! SD has superior & ethical MD's. It is psychologists like Doyne/Love in the legal system who are corrupt :(
Bless You, David.
Sometimes two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.
thanks for the RT Again... you're the greatest
Biodiversity loss impact on ecosystem worse than climate change ...
I hate when niggas talk foul nd slick
RT : Andre miller is a crafty vet
Long day today huh?
Did you find a great deal at our sale? If so what was it??
Some people read both. You are about to get me ranty about UFR!
All Shook Up is awesome!
#Zotonic has quality menu creation already, compared to Wordpress who are trying to get it straight before 3.0 release.
Tons of bugs out tonight. So many on me, so gross. UCDavis orientation tomorrow! Yayyyy :-)
Got your Vanity URL on Facebook? We sure did! Sat at 9pm PT so did 5 Mil other users! www.facebook.com/pixelfanatix
Had the entire weekend to myself. Loved it. Update websites, getting ready to go to Vegas Tuesday. Can't wait!
#YouMightBeStupidIf you trip over a cordless phone lol #YoMamaJokes are also stupid
They better put a championship team around him or it will be a dumb move.
Maybe that's what DSK's nasty ass was doing when he did that to that poor hotel maid!!
Jason is being a jackass & going to lose his wife in the process. Not like she asked to be raped by Franco.
Taking another hiatus. See ya.
I have a key. IT'S ALL MINE!
Was great to work the #scdebate with & Great crew!
Playing temple run
Doing some LAM cataloging. Archives, objects, books. Integrate, integrate, integrate. Link, link, link.
This has been and will continue to be a very great year for me
Mikelson winning the #Masters and giving Tiger the "throat slash" gesture in the clubhouse.
Renfields play in Charleston tonight for the premier of Porkchops! Be there or Beheaded! RT
No don't say things like that. lol
I miss using fb , but twitter is my life now <3
What do you usually take to potlucks? Any special dishes out there?
Blowing up twitter Tobin.
Waiting on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Cannot take any more pitties - we are overrun. 24% of our intake is bully breeds but only 10% of adoptions. Many killed here.
Just heard the blue angels flying in.
Drop those philosophical bombs, sir. I thirst for knowledge.
True...just bought me a bottle...
We're glad that you love our computers and study rooms!
KORACH IS BACK?! HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS?!
thanks sir. see you in Detroit in may ; )
As advocates of SmartGrowth and PlanMaryland, we are proud of and the septic reform bill.
Midtown residents are doing an awesome job recycling! We still have a few recycling bins for sale - call 410 528-1512.
I am sick see u tomorrow
i love how protective you are of your family. I'm so excited about 6! You've made a wonderful family.
Good luck today shaping lives!
Girl Can't You See Que Yo No Puedo Vivir Sin Ti
In my life!
I'm definitely going to be watching <21
My very last #LIS responsibility: 4hr poster session. Congrats to my classmates and fellow grads! (incl. & !)
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
WE MUST STOP CISPA AND TELL CONGRESS & TO ALL ENEMIES FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC ! WE THE PEOPLE ARE SICK AND TIRED OF YOUR LAWS ON OUR FREEDOM !
Way to go! Awesome run today at the CMM!
Birkenstock makes dress shoes! I have their loafers & LOVE them.
Hm Earth hour at 8:30... p.m. - restaurants shutting there lights off in the USA... probably a big NOT on a Saturday night...
Fighting fire with fire only gives you ashes.
thanks for the good times! Hawks win and fun times with friends!!
sorta my friend is hooking it up with a fulltime job though so I don't have to wash cars anymore hopefully lol
MTV used to stand for Music Television. It seems more like Maternal Teen Vision. Ridiculous.
all the <f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+0093> Your just so fucking oblivious you wouldn't see it
Our Yoga group meets every Friday at 9:00am. Relieve the tension from a long week or get refreshed for your upcoming weekend!
i'll accept you soon :)
I know, it will be the best day of all 2012....guarantee it!!
Seriously. You need to start taking yourself seriously.
When you dougie in front of a bunch of people that go your school ..
You know you're good at to-do lists, when it includes "Eat Ice Cream" & "Tweet Photos"
Happy Mother's day to all the moms, moms-to-be, and the dads that played the role of mom too!
Time between Xmas and New Years is my favorite part of the holidays. Same spirit, no greed. <3
Listen, Axford, if you're not going to follow The Only Beer That Matters, at least have your handlebars do the following.
Congrats 2 on her appearance! Her schedule's filling fast!Bring her 2 ur #college #campus 2
that's swag
thanks allot swine flu, we had a mad rush on face masks today, good luck finding them anywhere
Leaked: Google Analytics Is Making Its Way To Google+ - Marketing Land
Call me old school. But I think the guy should do the asking out.
If I Had A Gun I would store it in my closet and forget about it like everything else in there. lol
Happy Birthday:) see you at firefest!! Please watch our set!!
eww? No offense..but i don't like bieber's music..not my cup of tea..
First round of #golf of the year today
My adviser was falling asleep during my defense, so there's that...
Yo mamma is so black that when she jumped into the pool,everyone thought she was coffee.
Woo hoo! and will be at the Wine Opener! Thanks guys!
Kicking off my celebration with lunch and ending with Champagne at Midnight. I'll give thanks for all the blessings I had in 2011.
DAMN I saw this
No problem! Anything we can do for you, let us know!
after today & will officially be freshmen <U+263A>
On my nails *
Imax ($IMAX) and DreamWorks Animation ($DWA) rally strong as US Markets end slightly up. Will 2012 be a better year at the box office?
Going back to Cali strictly for the weather, women, and the weed.
LOVE You!
we still dont understand this twitter movement
o like ranch dressing from Meijers?!
We love His loyalty knows no bounds.
Your #awesome. Stay
I'm sunkissed, but now I want a kiss! Someone come makeout with me? (:
#BucketList shoot a gun while free falling.
Fuck me in the ass witb a spiked bat right now.
Woot Woot!!!!! sometimes the myth is better than the reality!
Ok Chris Brown that was dope staging. Really.
I take it ur picks not doin so hot this weekend!! Ur tweets have me rollin...
Can't wait for to come home! I am so tired of eating pizza, lol!
Leonardo Da Vinci: nothing to find but disappointment
Was it shot heard round the world? Ron Paul patriots takeover Alaska #GOP. They took Iowa in Feb. #RP supporters ROCKIN" the party
Today's #CompCloud keynote should be interesting. About 1/2 the room is #teamsales & the other half is #teamfinance...which side are you on?
It's been a while, old man! And I am great. Thanks for asking. How are you holding up? Renew your AARP card yet? :)
Do you know anyone who might be interested in a part-time office assistant gig? Social media, admin support & great communication req.
What's your favorite #TacoTuesday restaurant in #Milwaukee? has my vote for their delicious $1 veggie tacos!
Thanks! The #NASATweetup stuff doesn't feel like work when u have such great people there. Launch is worth waiting 4.
must REALLY be proud of the "Timmy Time" theme. A 10 minute show with tune so long I feel like it's the 12" extended dance mix.
Merry Christmas guys love you all! :D <3333
What, you didn't like it?
RT : Sun. May 6, 3:30pm, WAHS Symphonic Band/Jazz Ensemble/Percussion Ensemble: annual free spring concert, Auditorium.
Baby your my world my life i dont know where my life would be without you i love you babygirl
I'm actually up in #lovelansing helping my dad do some home repairs, I'm excited to check that place out though
PiSECTOR Cellular GSM Home Security Alarm System, Burglar ...
lol I am now!
Hey shit head what u been up to
Thanks sweetie! It is from Victorias Secret.
What's your opinion on the Seattle Seahawks taking West Virginia's Bruce Irvin with the 15th overall pick?
right there with ya. =8)
Omg you are amazing!<3 I might have just found you but I'm defiantly a fan for life now<33 can I get a follow??(:
~Threw All Tearz,I Still Manage To Smile..!*
i know bro. White RBs get no love.
Any scary costumes today? Post pictures of them on our Facebook wall and have a Happy Halloween!
Now reading: "Getting Open: The Unknown Story of Bill Garrett and the Integration of College Basketball" overcoming
thanks, Chica! Miss u!!
And then on the day you have free time, no one wants to do anything.
Oh man, the lines. I feel a little better about skipping. :D
4 day weekend and 3 day work week even better!!
Shit I'm Bouta go to sleep !
says truth can prove guilt and innocence and dna is the state of the art tool for doing that
i post more pics on instagram ..get on there :D
Thanks 4 the RT, so kind of you to support our work !
Blue jeans!
I slept 1 hour last nite... literally
Hi Brinks! :)
Cool. Let me know. Still in the Strip.
Autocorrect keeps trying to make it "deciles" instead of "deviled" like it doesn't even know I'm the Egg Lady
": That random flashback, which brings back painful memories and breaks your heart all over again. #QFG" ~ I hate those!!
me too...sorta:/
Great - what's the topic?
did i mention i <U+2665> live music? really, what would life be?
truee.. I need a pretty picture though
so far so good! got my coffee and you're on my TL , couldn't be better
Voter number 304 at Marquette Elementary. First time in Madison I've gotten a sticker before they ran out!
If burns were like motivation, I'd have 3rd degree , that's for sure!
LOVED the Beach Boys on the #grammys! They sounded great!
Watching a documentary: DNA freeing convicted ppl.
Wouldn't mind seeing a goal scored at this
Why,do we do the things we do? I'm doing just what I do! But WHY!!!???
follow if u like appreciation.
If only Amtrak had wifi… I could avoid writing for a while longer.
Some plp has just got swagger that's not so swaggie
Better today, opened his eyes and moved his lips. FYI - Still thinking about how amazing that Bar Mitzvah was, you are amazing!!!
Well this is a slightly boring day..
Oh, like that skinny blonde really cares about the skinny brunette.
That just fucking pissed me off. Pull the stick out of your ass, bitch.
They got to walk that lonesome valley, Bill. All by themselves...
Congratulations Laura Osnes on your Tony nomination for Bonnie & Clyde! Thanks for your support of The Fund!
I love saved by the bell
#markmywords that's all
Ah,fall...the leaves are blowing - everywhere! Red, orange, colors abound. Too nice outside today not to do neighborhood errands by foot!
happy easter love you!
Going to burger king. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094>
Looking forward to hearing what kind of mascara this is!
Playing basketball in the Dunkin Donuts Center is just wrong.
The amount of cough drops I've eaten today is ridiculous.
no problem.
Fade away.
Emily! Thank you darlin!! (: I miss you sweets! (: love your profile picture! Love you<33
15 mins in #cil11 exhibits and I already have 3 tote bags, a pen and so much new reading material. Looking forward to the sessions starting!
Chinese Hackers Called Sloppy but Persistent - PCWorld computerworld.com/s/article/9209… via
So happy that and I have matching snuggies!
i beat the beat up call me rocky yeah i'm cocky cool
If he talks about "Mama" too much on the first date.
Sakonnet River Roller Rats vs. The Mob Squad Saturday, October 2nd RICC Doors:6PM, Bout: 7PM Tickets available online at www.ArtTixRI.com
depends on the cruise ;-)
On the move....
If only we are stepping in the right places, it is just a matter of time that we will find ourselves in our destine place. Moken Nunga
so can John Travolta
The best way to multiply your happiness is to share it with others.
Watching Tv Waiting On A Phone Call ;-)
No your not. ha!
I would like to read the book about #SteveJobs. Some of the stories I have seen on #CNN have been rather interesting.
hm...naan bread didn't puff up like it was suppose to. tasty but more consistency of chapatti :/
oMg oMg imma b famous!! Tune in on to see my online show debut!!!!
Follow these amazing guys show them ur love and support!
I wish New York had a QT so I can go get a 52oz sweet tea
txt unk for this weekend lol
Congratulations Stanford
Hang onto that guy, he's good. RT: : The #Brewers & Molitor have agreed to a 1-yr contract, will pursue multi-yr deal.
Troyzan just put a target on Kat.
- I endorse cheesecake for breakfast. It's one of my four food groups (including coffee, donuts, and meat)
thats as bad as the doctor who states he found the women's g spot by finding it on an 89 yr old woman who died from head injury
the funny moment when a cute couple makes a video for tumblr and break up.aw young love does die but that video will live on w. 9027notes.
email us at and we'll get this figured out. Thanks!
My bad....really.....sorry, I just misread it!
What's with everyone and knee highs on this show?
Probably watching Oddities all. Day. Long. <3
I like him a lot too but he doesn't have a chance against Walker. We need to be realistic
Yay. Emma's going to be in a spec commercial for #Nike by director Neil Payne. Progress! Start shooting in June.
Skinnys,White V Neck, J's On My Feet Fresh Out The Box..
Patient: "I can't tell if I'm a tipi or a yurt.". Shrink: "I think you're too tense". From one taxi to another.
Like "The Hip" piece.
Loving this storm on the coast.
RT : How do u build new donor relationships? breakfast club! Hearing from #NYC #nonprofit #development directors
i would like to connect with teachers and basketball coaches
i forgot wat we were talking about?
I'm soo tired of school.
wow! Good stuff!!!
way to do your part, AxMan! lol
Based god it's Friday - lil' B
We have been quiet the last day in a half..a lot of work going on..
Oh that definitely helps!
Naming our Badges of Courage after women who've had breast cancer! Please submit your story! bit.ly/qmhiW9
Finished #ubik by Philip K Dick on Existential fever dream of the highest order. Highly recommend!
What about Robert Altman's #KansasCity?
The Florence and the Machine station is by far my favorite station... Well maybe it's tied with the Disney station..
They ultimately fell right into The Establishment's hands. You ruin your hoods, no police presence and loot.
i didnt freak out about it but it was just shocking seeing the picture of him smoking/:
BACK AT IT
Its depressing how everything changed in just 2 months :/ maybe it was for the best
Morning Rockstars! > Genius begins great works; labor alone finishes them. - Joseph Joubert
my head hurts and im here waiting on the bf to come pick me up...have been having an extremely annoying day..
No green tea left
time to have a little kids meal. frosted donuts and milk
Blerrrg, such a hard time waking up this morning. I picked the wrong day to stop sniffing glue -- I mean, drinking coffee.
hey! we're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. RDB is one of our bands! check us out?
Party like its your birthday!!! Come out to granby street if your local...celebrating the 29th tonight!
how u gettin there?
#BigWest analyst crew on CBS2 in L.A. with coaches Dan Monson of #LBSU & Bobby Braswell of
One thing that got lost in last nights game was JaVale's HUGE block on Gasol at the end. Gasol had a dunk but McGee denied it
i want to go see
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms out there!!
Happy Valentine's Day!
bs smh and hello again and u goin to get a hello a fuckin hi , a ni hao ( Chinese for hello) everytime u n the lounge
So excited I found my YAZ cd it's been lost for years. Love love love big smile today
I'm just happy cause they got new era fitted Dallas cowboys hats now RT : Cowboys Update Cowboys Cheerleaders USO Show 2009
As a librarian I advocate shushing their asses. That will really show them.
You are my 100th follower! Thanks dahling
just checked out your blog. All I can say is, jealous!
- please call me
Men do less than they ought,unless they do all they can.Thomas Carlyle
please watch this kid on super nanny lol
*Mouth thinning into a slash* It’s
Sitting on the quad for Emory U's graduation, the rain is starting to come down! :(
totally awesome. So Happy for you that you were on the show.
You don't do this? No way.
shump will only get better. I love his game and tenacity.
Have ever felt like there is not enough days in a week?
Had a great day today ^.^ ate some bomb food!! M...
Am I ready for some time off next week? I've already started working on drafts for my "out of office" message...
Let me know when you are in DC, love to grab coffee '06
i need a research assistant but they'll never give me one
Thanks to everyone that came out to our show with The Summer Set last night! We had a great time because of you guys!
any other songs???
Asian Pacific American Institute for Congressional Studies holding 2-day nat'l leadership training for elected and community leaders
Just asked & #sdcitycouncil to prioritize energy efficient homes, local solar, & good jobs 4 underemployed communities.
Too busy...being busy
I'm eating a Nutella sandwich Niall I'll give it to you do you want it?
peyton wants to play for the texans and will be realesed next month
Think I'll have to pull an all nighter!! Still got loads of stuff left to finish before school tomorrow!! "/ A real #downer!!
That's a copout statement by someone who never led for the "CHANGE" he was swept into office on! Excuses, excuses.
Pride time
: Really? I am trending where? Lol.
Feeling real gud rite now.
Hey you. sent me "besitos" today. I officially love you both! ~love always
don't you hate exp dates?! And it's when you're really craving something too!!!
Taranta's Web site joins millions of people to say NO to SOPA www.tarantarist.com
Yawns I'm getting hungry
RT : Just do one thing that's better than anyone else in the world. Don't die inside. - Jeff Bonforte
cool music
her own cousin.
Bynum will fold against the stronger Perkins, and Ibaka is better than Pau anyday of the week!!
Just chilling right now! Vibing
"I want to tell you all that is in my heart, but I can find no words. Only this -- I love her with all my heart & soul."
ugh... Thank you for the weekend!! It's still so far away....
6pm-1 at the maritime hotel cabanas. come hang!
expresso makes me hyperventilate.
Rotary this morning, then back to farming.
send us an email at and we will get you connected with the right folks...
Mega Millions collection going on... If we win, I do not take responsibility for the crumbling of ALS research.
Who saw Damon's liveshow on Sunday?! :D
I should go to sleep. I have a doc appt at 1:30
interested in webinar on connecting people with government
so apparently you know how to use photoshop..
If Jelena broke up, they would tweet about it. Now, stop making those damn rumors.
2 codes won't work, and LABOR25 doesn't count as +1 to ur total sold
CUTEST COUPLE EVER
I want to make a "pulling out" joke about Santorum; is it too soon?
I guess those like me who didn't watch Lost barely qualify as people so don't technically constitute a type. ;-)
One month to Grand Opening! Help us spread the word by suggesting your friends "like" us and "follow" us on Twitter: !
#man/womanoftheyearevent #Houston w/ yay, William! Proud of u!
I haven't been this sore since preseason
Thanks for following! We enjoy vino over here too :)
Honesty creates trust and without trust you have nothing
am i drunk? how did she move like that during vogue?
I'm just going to come right out and say it. I can make one mean freaking Excel spreadsheet.
I am what I am. Your approval isn't needed..
Today May 12, is my friend , Birthday! and if my followers could wish him the best!(:
sweet.. thanks.
there are people hawking every imaginable Obama item on every street we've been down. It's nuts.
happy 16th to you and your lovely bride!
yep getting ready to head that way and catch the first fight at 5:00 they two main events will be on hbo tonight @ 9
Great Pic, is great and speaks at my church Unity onthe Bay too in
I wanna make some beats but I ain't tryna move.
I'm not spending all morning tweeting like I did yesterday, but I'd love some blog comments!
#InRoute to that money!
Hog raisers threaten 5-day ‘pork holiday’
Last day for FREE shipping!
Impressive showing, for a team with loads of injuries, a short week, and in an away game across country, you did spectacular.
at least Saito didn't run with the same luck as Gallardo with that terrible call.
asap over everything?
20% off today all #iguanamed #scrubs for #nurseappreciationweek Sale Ends Today!
Well, We will have a complete package along with marketing materials ready by the end of this week. Would you like a update?
LA vs The World RT Lakers/Clippers 4 wins away from facing in the West Finals. No one outside of LA thinks that will happen
Watching "Gonzo" and remembering why I permanently tattooed his badge on my arm.
Cool. 300 followers. If I get like 100 more, I'll only be 100 way from being half way to 1000!
Who cares? Cal is garbage. We saw them get DESTROYED firsthand by a Big East team and the Buckeyes.
Who's all going to Pub Fiction this Wednesday to see Stoney Larue? If you're not, you should. DM me for more info!
#jokeorserious Hahahahaha literally just made my night
It's like Ticketmaster set the bar on how messed up online ticketing is, and all other sites follow the example.
Stop. I can barely take it. Can't wait. My whole day is scheduled around your shows see earlier Tweets.
Back in Chicago... colder than Vegas, but it was nice to eat delicious Chi-town food again... Beef Sandwich.... M!
Working on development of a new product.... Totally wishing I had to help me figure out this licensing thing right now!
Didn't you buy a MacBo0k?
So when #lgbt folks want same rights as everyone, it's "special rights," when right wants special exemptions from laws it's "equal rights"?
how did you find me?
We in here muthafucka
dont call yourself ugly...
RASPBERRY MARTINI ~stoli raspberry vodka, stoli blueberry vodka, cranberry juice, pineapple juice, pureed raspberries
You know you have too many DVDs when you accidentally buy the same one twice....SMH
*like* lol my room used to be like that haha
When complaining to my stone fabricator today about ugly granite he told me "every stone has a place" He loves his job, so endearing
#Rams (finally) draft DT Michael Brockers with the 14th pick in the
Girls Next Door marathon, makes me want to go back to Vegas ASAP!
#Lakers need to pound the ball in and push these
"you know what's crazy about your sex dream? there's no sex in it" with #bent being canceled, i'm down to... 13 shows. down.
Called to get my bill fixed. They're trying to charge me $7 more a mo and they're acting like they did me a favor.
People didn't make you, so don't allow them to break you
Parents. Sometimes you love em to death, and other times you just want to nail them with something heavy.
Be sure to support our neighbors, The Company Burger and Freret Street Yoga!
LOL has gone from meaning "Laugh out loud" to I dont know what to say.
ok miss lady
are you really? maybe I'll find you!ohmygosh yea I'll be lurking around for them. hope you get to meet them, you deserve it!
Telegraphs from last night. Dot tumblr dot com.
Watching Toddlers & Tiaras for the first time and all I've to say is these women should be in jail w/my foot up there ass.
chocolate chip cookie dough ice-cream is what dreams are made of
Cool :) you are welcome and thank you for the thX
Oh. Are you like pissed at them. Haha I didn't know. Nobody tells me anything...ahah.
Eating a full box of cereal in one sitting>
Super busy guys. We're working on the film when I'm not working on schoolwork. And I'm working on schoolwork when I'm not working.
We will be posting our first weekly "Deals and Steals" list on Friday. Contact us if you would like to have your company's promotion listed.
things I don't feel like doing today: moving.
Huge sale on #Seahawks jerseys. I would expect an overhaul.
don't you have to score more points to win?
Yeah, but I can't just start making to-do's for everybody, now can I? /cc
both in Public Affairs. :)
THANK U PEPRAH!!
I got that stoneritis
Yeah. But a new project feels like freedom right now.
you welcome and oh one thing u should know I pretty much flirt with anyone, which is weird, just being honest.
It's 1/2 Price Frapps which means I'm gaining xtra 5 lbs this week. I just got the Cookie Crumble with Chocolate Whip.
Tune in 2 DJ R Skwared no commercials pure music to get ur morning/day/workout going believe me it worx download r free app search NFN Radio
Hello new friends, thx for following @
your right .. Just gotta move on mentally now
Prof. George Lewis is guest lecturer in the Afrofuturism seminar, Tuesday, October 11th, 6pm, Kellen Auditorium, 66 Fifth Ave. (Free)
Goodnight, my dears.
so bored!!
Pretty much realizing that anything I COULD do wrong , I guess I WILL do wrong :/
Awesome, man! Proud of you. Will be following your adventure closely. Enjoy!
Let me get this viddy app so I can upload yall rendition of song. #payback <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> I got y'all gyrating and everything!!
SWA does fly to Manchester, NH...which is close
haha I love him too
Client wants me to learn #Sharepoint, so far I really like it.
That's kinda fucked up..
": Guys who go to happy hour were AMAZING athletes in high school." Don't forget that semester of junior college! Ballin!
Hey there! Is it true that adding another team member to an account costs USD30, up from USD15? Thanks Kemp!
Damn. Found my first gray chest hair. I guess it's time to start planning my mid-life crisis in earnest.
Thanks!! we're excited and a little nervous! RT : all the best for the #kickstarter launch!
Need business cards,flyers,decals,posters designed for your company or event? Text 7862990376.
How many people have kept their #Resolutions this week? Happy First Friday of 2012.
on tape delay but do far so good... No updates please!
What up now den BLUE!!! I got some tricks!!!
the movie was GREAT!
The past is over, so it has no power now. The thoughts of this moment create my future.
With the 270th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Jason Bartlett
That was enough food for a family of four almost, LOL!
Happy Hump Day! There's something in the air today!
I can never sleep early anymore.
just tryna help I gotta eye fa dese hoes .
of course man. Props need to be given, when props are due. Keep doing your thing.
Saw the article. Great stuff!
no it is not fair :/
premature question... now I know.
Talent Show Tomorrow. So Excited! :{)<U+2665>
draft time
happy early birthday!? <U+E312><U+E112><U+E328>
Oh I see. Hugs for you!
“: umh why .?” I wanted to know if she was a virgin or not!
I love how when I text brb, it changes it to Barbernell ..?
PHAME sends big thanks to our friends + Gretchen + John at The Standard for their volunteer support - go Team Fish out of Water!!
what time is your band playing?!
uk u said u loved me now i dnt believe it one bit
I will always and forever love and be your fan <3
Talk that talk
Dear Katy Perry, why is your hair blue? Love, the world.
Oh if only I could remember the wages of my escapades, at a more prudent time than later on that day.
Just sitting at home sick... Wishing that would follow me...
taylor swifts new album = <3 (:
Praying for all the #GAFAF12 students today that God will minister to their hearts as they perform!
Hey Louis!!(:
who was our SDSU friend again?
Good Morning and ! Thank you for that saucy follow...
#NeverTrustAGirlThat that only calls or txts when she needs something
Haha! Glad you like! A road trip sounds pretty good though.
I will and u 2!:)and please follow me Austin I love u
I would go to Paris. Just because I want to. I wouldn't do anything except eat and sleep and see the Eiffel tower.
are the yelling about all the Carolina handchecks not being called???
Vera and John right not O_O
agreed. Potash is most heinous.
I have a headache. Egh!
Pretty sure I'm headed to the Rose Bowl to watch #TCU show how it's done.
iTunes is offering The Gossip's new song as the free download of the week!
The big question now, does it STILL exist? “: The biggest #WTFmoment I've ever had was when I found out the WNBA actually exists.”
Tic Tic Tic.....finish it.
Put some art into the world today. Don't judge it. Let it be famously terrible. Or great. Who really cares either way but you?
Be a realist... with a dash of #positivity :)
One of my pet peeves is women who don't put the toilet seat back up when they're finished
Pleasant dreams, Ms. Barbara. I will need you rested for tomorrow. *schemes*
Jk that was a lie
that wouldve been awesome!!!! When you in LA we should!
I know I have bad grammar but you just make no sense.
: I finally got my OG on at StrEATS on Saturday! Thanks for all the cheesy gooey goodness! Delish!
I just love my ALL STAR shoes!!
"Unless you’re the final owner of the decision, let your peers decide, then let it go." Unusual and wise advice in our space.
follow back please? (:
HA!! Fear the brow!!
Yay! Thank you!
Ferrer definitely not playing like a 9:1 underdog. More like a 5:1 underdog :D sick match so far
it's a pillow, it's a pet - it's a pillow pet
ohkay what's his name
idk man i just feel the same way.
Quote: "The behavior you see is the behavior you've designed for..." I hope I'm hearing sad resignation in the context
I've noticed that since the weather has been so nice I've been dressing cuter, and I haven't been in a bad mood <U+E056><U+E04A>
What's right?
love that quote. Needed it especially today.
how was your day today ??
Fact or Opinion? A good academic writer develops the ability to determine the difference & write appropriately
We're going to add some color to the Seattle skyline today!
I'm answering you now xD
heyyo! Thanks for the follow back(:
Jr is a mess
hey i MADE A NEW TWITTER ALL OF U GUYS FOLLOW IT P.S. SPAM FREE!!!!!!!!
"Godfather" of fitness, Jack Lalanne has passed away at 96. R.I.P. buddy.
Walmart fabulous?
Lots of orders going to tomorrow: cupcakes, cream puffs, bagels, more bagels and bagel chips.
kind of, in a way, yeah, deep down a part of me did :)
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. Elbert Hubbard
Designing a new office or home. Don't use knobs! Only use cabinet pulls nuch easier to grasp. Meets Universal design codes.
so true..that's all that most people have though
Thank u God for blessing me with positive peeps in my life & thank u for deleting all the peeps that didn't belong or believed in me.
Keep Oregon... Weird?
Two games in a row where a kickoff return man and ball almost crosses the goal line to run it out but doesn't. Weird.
I think it's a mistake. Just a random alert telling me I got 2gb free. Couldn't find anything on google abt a promo or anything. Ha
I love you for this: RT : What exactly is the point of soft porn?
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 60
Tavern Trivia tonight starting at 7:30! Hints o' the week: Super Bowl may be over but do you know who Chuck Howley is? Best find out for...
Too busy to tweet. This tax season is sweet! Working a little less. Body holding up so far! That mind/body/stress connection so real!
lucky to have to make those types of decisions how about an American car? Need to support economy right :)
You must be stuck on stupid
oh, those are seashells, i thought that it was garlic, maybe theyre scared of dracula
Knock Knock.
hey, mike-mike! Had no cellie yesterday so I'm hollering today!
good call - that whole tool/trope thing has tripped me up more than I'd like to admit
Did I just really tweet tht? lmfao
<--- jajaja que mala eres! <--- She split the duo for a solo career on 2008.
#MUSICNEWS Axl Rose has no appetite for Rock Hall of Fame
Free promotion for yourself is a click away friend :) try the link on my profile. BTW, interested follow4 follow?
Gorgeous dresses and gowns for $10 each at the AIDS Taskforce office. It's a spring formal fundraiser. Come play dress up with us until 4pm!
Begin the day with a friendly smile!!! :)
what does that make the people in the middle?
Waiting in line to order food
thanks for sharing it! :)
So is #not #looking #forward to #school #tomorrow at a ver #angry CieraMariexoxo
Lmao, you got a point there RT : Hell ur ass takes up the entire picture
Technically, the OWSer didn't add any graphics, so "infographic" is a stretch. But "infograffiti" works great.
thanks for leading!
The DOIT help desk is now the Technical Support Center and they are now located on the #UMBC library's first floor! Come by and say hello!
Congradulations for the awards on the MMVA I FEEL SO PROUD OF YOU
To leave one stick of chapstick in your laundry is considered a misfortune. To leave two looks like carelessness.
Overtime in Vancouver. Love the NHL Playoffs!
whats the game called?(:
I need someone to smoke my first bowl of 420, preferably a hot girl to do dirty, dirty things with!!!
I did, and I absolutely love it. I'll be scheduling a makeover with sometime very soon :)
Why This Bareheaded Motherfucka Mad I Was Holla'n At his Girl....Don't Hate The Playa Nigga...
The show's premise is great! RT Wow: in #LastResort, a sub crew's ordered to obliterate Pakistan. That is...pretty intense.
and I have a child.
Actually, like decent healthcare, yes. They do have a right to higher education.
Exclusive Discount: Save 15 Percent On Stunning, Comfy Pieces! With some holiday off-time coming up (can we get an "amen? "), we 're look
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Yes, the number one factor in how expensive your divorce will be is still which spouse you selected. :)
We need to find the middle ground between viewers that are directed to content & those who find it naturally
i hate pretty Bitches
Why not?
i smell like a goddamn peach
What if he's been dead....and he doesn't realize it?
I've been praying for you too, I hate the things people say! God knows your heart and mind...May God bless you!
thanks Lee- you too
Who are those fucktards?
Hello!! follow me
Update: staying for a 3rd night at the hospital. Baby has an ear infection in both ears and is still coughing a lot but improving.
Love it!
This country is in SERIOUS trouble; choosing between romney & obama is like choosing between an idiot & a moron; good luck w/the lies!!
Wishing class was cancelled so I could watch Game 7. Go #Caps!!!
Giving up bagels for lent is te hardest thing I've ever had to do
Great things are done when men and mountains meet. -William Blake
Awesome Scott Pilgrim shirt on www.teefury.com!!!
I love you <U+2665>21
GM China sets sales record in March GM said sales in China, where it is the largest foreign automaker, rose 11 percent from a year earlie
RT God's timing is always on time.
Cleveland Browns Training Camp start July 29th. Come out and support!
really proves their knowledge on being an adubber.
Tomorrow is B-Day in CA. Brinker decision to be issued at 10:00 a.m. CA Sup Ct site to crash at 10:01 am.
Getting carpal tunnel from too much paper writing.
The Grilled Sea Scallops are eating really well right now :-)
Just minutes to the premiere at #sundancefest! #justfilms and a packed theater eagerly awaiting the start of the show.
dunni which, but a 1d member sounds kinda like Brendan Urie in a couple songs. I like.
DM Serial entrepreneur. Initially targeted $15 Mil business that is headed beyond what I want to tackle. DM if we should talk.
was it jeremy? Haha
Going to go layout for a while... god I love not having a job!
its the attitude towards the Midwest I find offensive. And small town food should be celebrated for what it is,not what it's not!
girl, it was a total blast.
If he doesn't make the general could he run as a "qualified write-in" candidate?
Emailed my building asking them to switch our cable provider from to Comcast because I need my !
Hi Monika- can you give me your phone# so I can trace the order and see what happened/who you talked to? You can DM if youd like
Anywhere with a bench is going to = greater possibility for engagement. Bench-based social media FTW.
god morning! <3
Go Jeter #twins v
Why do call me cutie?
Just added the Help Haiti app to my Blackberry. Download from Blackberry App World, but more importantly, GIVE.
All to justify the social order.
Thanks everyone for your prayers for my father. He has a torn ligament in his shoulder and the pain is what caused all his nerve problems
I'm going to have an awesome birthday.
you're too smart for me(;
Fickle. Hm.
megabus, nice. How bad was it
To all the crazy people bashing President Obamas "christmas tree tax" as being "unchristian" I say christmas isn't even a christian holiday
Watching a scary movie by myself again. Maybe this is why I have such weird dreams?
The Hustler
lol I feel like a zombie right now
omg! got really excited for a second cuz i thought tweeted me.. turned out to be someone else.. :(
LOL! I have a visual in my head, that is too funny! And all I can say is....aw!
#GOP/TPers/PUNDITS in it for cash-carry--POWER, not #USNATION #GOP has figured out how 2 fool all the pple all the time and most fell for it
obviously we don't agree w/ all the articles we publish, since we just seek to host the conversation of the Left
One thing we don’t do enough is thank our local farms- Carlton, Kookoolan & Afton Field Farms, we couldn’t do this without you!
Have y'all forgot about me? Apparently you have
But still! It's hard to like young dudes, though. They're so retarded. I like 17 and 18 year olds. D:
You know I have love for the posters. But the artificial supply limits is lame. There is not reason for it.
I declare today a day of rest!
Damn I can't sleep past 10:00 a.m.
Before u judge someones appearance or behaviour learn who they r &what they've been through. Ur views towards them may dramatically change.
great feature tonight. Where in WI are you from?
I don't often hug things that won't hug back, but ok. I understand. ;) lol
aw...thank you, honey.
Time to go hard in the gym with my bro
be glad you can C!
I guess the only thing left to do is take a step back.
The place that previously did my laundry closed, so now I have to walk 20 feet further and give my laundry to someone else
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Friday 04/13/12 is Ian, Dan and Sally!
70 to 80 Percent of dogs in certain breeds have arthritis Agility for Dogs & Cats contains MSM and Glucosamine
I'm so tired of defending what I've become
haha you don't remember Deon?
That's it! I'm joining you next time. ;)
NEW MAGAZINE IN THE WORKS www.myspace.com/streetgrooveentertainment
Excited to be flying to Seattle on Tuesday! I've heard nothing but great things!
hey do u know when & how much the pre sale tix are gonna b for godsmack?
lol I love it. It's very easy.
Roasting my buns
haha fine, but dont tell anyone cuz if everyone asks i wont have enough songs ha
I'm glad to see there's a natural pest control company so nearby! What a great service. Thanks for the follow! :)
Next time quickly write phone number on ketchup bottle with sharpie.
are those fosters' kids?
Bring on them Mavs!
Ate two homeade banana chocolate chip muffins today thanks to So good!
Stop being such a flirt.
for a glass of cold wine before I head home to the oven.
I want your hair and I'm super jealous that you can pull it off... JELLI!!!
Watching Love Actually with the fam. We should be packing to move, but this is much more Christmas-y and fun.
I am responding to the post on my FB pg today by ASAN - why would USA Today have an Autism chat w/o including Autistic ppl. ?
Looking for a great haircut? See Gilbert Meza, Acme Salon Banker's Hill, SD -- tel 619-291-0424
No Thank U
The Rangers vs #Orioles record 30-3 game is in jeopardy tonight...
Not against multitasking (many parts of public meetings aren't rocket science), but opportunity for on-the-fly lobbying not ok.
briefly about...
: esp when they keep changing middleground terrain in hope of displacing everyone into "all" all the time! :P
Hi - Welcome to the Hive (Mentality).
RT I don't want to get the meningitis vaccineD;
O_O y'all deserve to meet y'all founders at the rate they charging for centennial
Please ppl. Do not TEXT & DRIVE!!! #savelife's
I really should tweet more. I find myself reading others tweets and then forget that I too must join the conversation.
what happened to "it's a #classic" lol
That "He look good! ... NEVERMIND." moment .
that's cool! I'll be outside.
dis girl moving way to fast i just met u : )
live by me why?
"Sometimes in life you meet someone. They won't be your soul mate but they'll still change your life in ways you could have never imagined."
I know! It has been one crazy week!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Argo Tea Cafe - Tea Room (live updates)
When I saw this I thought it was going to be about Bubba the Love Sponge.
Lessons from zeke crushed it, and I'm with a hot chick.
fisher house. military & vets families to be close to a loved one during hospitalization for an illness, disease or injury
Thanks! Yeah, I love the new Flaunt cards for Xmas. My fav is '3 French Hen's & 'Sandy Claws is Coming' :)
OMG i love that movie !
you have 1 follower bt u use words like 'morning world' n 'good mornin y'all' ai shem SMH.
whatever- don't hate on Donald Faison.
Geology professor tossing kids out of lecture like he's Steve Javie
RT : Juniors and sophomores interested in learning more about should attend Spring Preview on March 23!...
u sound very happy btw which is great! sounds like u have been working a lot too
“: "Good things come to those who wait?" Wrong. Good things come to those who go after what they want.”
why is it forbidden...?
Getting sunburnt easily..
Typo, or not? "Indeed, the imperative to remember carries over to those of us who love after Auschwitz."
RT Women say they love a man in uniform but when I go clubbing in my McDonalds outfit none of them will even talk to me.
Six Days to brew your favorite breweries! Make your appointments now! Open 4/23 and 4/24 for craft beer week!
that would get you ~20 of our speciality pizzas... party at Barry's!
up up down down left right left right B A start...
Check out the demo video for our new version #Jagimo video: bit.ly/igwEJb
'Chinplants' Fastest Growing Plastic Surgery Trend
#20thingsaboutme one of my life goals is to eat sushi.
Thanks so much as always. I hope you are well. Lets get the Outer Space Men down to Columbia!! I will make you rich. Best, Gary.
DIRK!!! Yay for Mavs at the
Hey! Wish you'd post more often. Seems like you're only in NY these days and never in L.A. True?
Tweet us and tell us your experience thriting, where is your favorite place to thrift?
I WANNA MEET
Cant sleep
All this false innocence amuses me
it was weird this total stranger gave a kiss on the sidewalk today!
The name of my next video is "Under 21" nigga... A lot of niggas tryna floss now but my name been in the books since 08 nigga ask about me
BREAKING NEWS: Miami hospitals inundated with hip fractures as a result of "The Wave" at American Airlines Arena.
People always change. :/
Does your self-esteem as a lawyer harbor any negative notions of selling as a bad thing? This can be a root cause of halfhearted rainmaking
I see you doing it big! Good luck to you
Stunning story on Bryant Gumbel show about the Russian plane crash that killed 44 hockey players. Old plane, bad pilots...all to save money.
Philly doesn't want you to leave either. “: Ugh. I don't want to move out of my apartment and move to Asia.”
meeting the perfect guy then finding out ... HE HAS KIDS :(
In class today students went on trips to the Smithsonian and AFI Silverdocs...stay tuned for a video blog update!
girl that show was aggravating! The lakers getting whipped lol
Of course, this chat is meant to be interactive, so please feel free to chime in at any time with your Q’s or comments
...well just by putting my heel down to walk. O.O
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I didnt have the dishes done before she got home.....
Awful weather but getting lots of housework done
The longer you have to wait for something, the more you will appreciate it when it finally arrives<3 .
Being demanded what to do <<<<<<<
SHOUTOUT TO SHE IS TRYING TO GET TO 2,100 FOLLOWERS! SHE WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK!! GO GO GO!!
So what exactly causes a headache? More specifically, what causes a migraine? They suck.
I think they should go all in for Michael Brockers.
I've heard, but so difficult 2 order software, get it here, get IT 2 come and install, get them 2 troubleshoot. Headache.
Like a good neighbor state farm is there with
Awww Thank you!!:)
NY but i stay in NC
I'm not giving you an intense look. I'm trying to pop this zit on the back of my head. I just look intense while i'm doing it.
time to rest and train hard in the morning
Watching Friends always puts me in a better mood <3
Today is gonna be awesome!
got a hot date tonight... WITH MY BOOK.
Best drink with chocolate chip cookies? I know milk seems obvious, but I hate the stuff, so I'm going with coffee.
kids be spoiled and don't ever know it
take a pic
One perk of working the evening shift is having more time to do things in the morning, like making AND eating breakfast. Exciting...
The Fellowship is having us do mock labor neg.I am on the Union side & plan on blastingHazel Dickens the whole time. Unfair labor practice?
Thanks for following ! Going to #TechCon, by chance?
gay rager in support of Obama!
let's go Giants!
There's only so many songs that I can sing to pass the time, and I'm running out of things to do to get you off my mind.
Terrell Owens and Cris Carter = 0 Super Bowl Rings.
Get ready for some SERIOUS 80's music tonight at CCB!!!
#summer is slowly getting closer :D
thanks! You're nice!
Ready to conquer the world. Or at least my part I will not be denied. I am coming after you.
I wish I could google "things to eat in my fridge" so I wouldnt have to go downstairs and be disappointed.
Looking for a Valentine's Day gift? Cool idea: RMRG 2012 season tickets! $90/ 6 Fillmore bouts. Email: .
I'm in. Was thinking of possibly hitting up late night ramen at with on Thursday.
no, lol...I'm talking about the game "Words With Friends". Its an app on smart phones that you can get. I have it on my iPhone
Marco knew
It might be a joke to you but to me you can go die in a hole cause you are not funny not now, never will be :l
It's Friday, almost done with work, hair is a hot mess and I need a cocktail. Happy Almost Weekend!
Next Saturday needs to hurry up and get here.
Planning to drive down to Venice - any recommendations for a cozy B&B / hotel to stay for 2-3 days? How far can you go by car? Cheers!
Sorry havent been on its called being busy :/
I want to see St. Louis take a no-so-high stick to the face
.... you welcome .... looking forward to following :)
So Dave Matthews would be cast as me in a remake of "Faceoff"? That is the weirdest thing I've ever tweeted
I got a freaking hug from Martin Broda tonight!(: then i went and cried.. best fucking concert ever
Happy Birthday!!! :)
I think ur smile is amazing like when i saw ur smile it like made my day and when comes dancing u have talent!
My cat is very talkative!!!
NFL LOCKS !!! Chicago Bears -1, NY Jets-1 , Miami -1, Dallas-13,Cleveland-3 Lock it In !!! Hope you have a blessed day!!
High of 91. This is gonna be a warm one.
Thanks for the Shout Out
Wow, yeah I checked and we shot up almost 500 spots in the UK and it may be some print ads. Not complaining ;) Congrats to you!
Getting ready to bake some Christmas presents.
Welcome to my Fan page Tom and Lester! :)
I went w the rose. Not as much maintenance necessary!
agreed! And you'd have to have great balance too!
nice I wish I could get one lol
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ? D: <3 i am waiting
i love you please notice me ? <U+2665>
Meat loaf, garlic potatos, carrots and peas, sunday supper at roots...
Better get some follows from you guys, keep om tweetin!
well his party is next Thursday night...
I just cranked 's "Bandaid" and gave away tickets to Gabrielle Naples of Salem on
you will never notice me or ever tweet me
Not at all. I'm just calling you a nerd (still) but am including the compliment of an attractive nerd for good measures.
I'm craving a good sour beer right now.
Holy Fuck, my alarm clock scared the shit out of me :o
Miller: #NCLB turned on the lights. It made education important to everyone in the community.
just saw you in "Beer Wars" - loved comments about making angry beer, never compromising
who ordered the personalized tour dvd? what does your message say? i cant think of anything for mine! :/
Yes you do
happy 14th birthday baby:* I love you do much <3
Happy Hour all night with Gary behind the bar! We're also featuring a new list of rolls in memory of our dear friend, Bil Rieger
Mark/enter Spring #2012 events on/in your NEW calendars!
LOL FA REAL DO ME I NEED TAH HEAR SUM NEW SHIT
And, if you know a fellow theater buff interested in participating in a different area, city, etc...
The Germans who settled in America became the single largest national group to populate the United States.
Great day grappling with engagement and social media - thanks to
o fuck this shit is EPIC
O always love the #SXSW tweets. My Theory #SXSW is where Twitter first took off in 4 years ago. Is that true?
"Electronic literature" is a mere academic faction, now exhausted.
My cat has the sniffles. I hope it's not full-blown AIDS.
My iphone case came in AH!(: ,this is perfect because when i just started typing this boyfriend came on ,& i requested it(:
Yep. Though I'd be happier with .war metaphor to drop into an app server like mod_python/mod_wsgi or something.
Live @ My Photo shoot
Right on. Do it!
you guys are you soo cute together:) like i said come back to pittsburgh soon! :)
0 punts today
More love from SC! ACCENTS BY CAROL 7751-C N. KINGS HWY MYRTLE BEACH SC 29572
you sonofabitch. Jealous!
When I first came to the Lord in 09 a friend told me about I listened to him 4 like a yr cus I didn't no of anyone else
dad was like "when are you gettin ur hair redone?" I was like why? You dont like it? He was like , its ok if you live in a trailer park. Oh.
how can they be legit when crabbing season hasn't started yet here? I'm jealous!
what? Why not
its alright i guess i forgive you
Tolbert makes a nice run for a first!
I'm jealous of your NetJets account.
Cinema Paradiso Kisses!
easy is always good! I think couches de couleur is the easiest technique ever. It is so simple yet has such dramatic effect.
Btw, those last few tweets of mine were real spam sirens....
It's 104F... Who's heading to the trails for after-work running? It's a hot one out there, take care of yourselves!
Count me in as a hardcore directioner too! how could you not be? ;)
Gonna straighten le hair. u_u
It is a naptini.
Just met a patron's young daughter. Beautiful.
I finnaly have tea!!
I'm giving thanks that my daughter comes home in 5 hours and 22 minutes...yes, I'm counting!
People get #jealous cuz I put in work. I'm not the only one. Most of everybody in my group put in work expecting nothing in return!
Contacting an agent that might be the way to my US actor work visa today! All thanks to Fingers crossed!!
Getting ready for the Civic Leadership luncheon at noon today- will you be there to see Tami Door receive #9news Leader of the year?
wish I was going to #coachella this year, maybe next year, making it to one in the near future for sure.
You stay classy, OLPH. There's nothing like shooting threes and running a press when your already up 40
Ah, Thank you! Lots of love+appreciation for you, too. :-)
Friday Fashion --- HOT or NOT: Maxi Dresses.
Right on, brother! Big thanks for the RT!
Telling people on Twitter you're going to bed prevents you from sleeping ;-)
The one thing that can hurt the most when I'm sad, is faking a smile.
Still less than 80, still less than 32.
There's a difference between what you said and what you did.
Cold morning in Spring Hill today. How's the weather where you are?
It's ok How do u think the Flyers fans felt in 06-07 they all wore bags on their heads in ain't that bad
and that is why I like you!
Getting prepared for the craziness at Comic Con this year. We have some great bits we will be releasing.
Donna Karger stole my cab! W/
#sityoassdown RT: Who got phone cords?? Im tryna double dutch"
Most people can't handle All You Can Eat BBQ at Oz! Can you? Try for $18.99 per person!
Hey guys, here's a chance to get in on the next big thing before everyone else. Text the phrase cashtexts 2590 to the number 69302
RT : Free event @ 7pm students read work inspired by art in the collection. Tonight's theme, "The Watchful...
Another confirmation for 3 p.m. today. Hint: gymnastics.
The day after Memorial Day. I can't wait, already brainstorming story ideas!
i believe the BR picnic knoll is next to the playgrounds, below that building w/the bathrooms
in toledo lol I heard that the power went out on one side f the city
Hey , are you here to see the city?
Happy Birthday!
"poor pooch, probably kept up with you for a mile or so"
I never played that
Once again this reminds me how ridiculous most pickups are. Why?! It really doesn't have to be that bad.
I Have The E3 Flasher But I Prefer Your Jailbreak Better...Cant Wait Till You Release It!
How do you pitch Oliver?!
what do you mean by score
Learning the Twitter world
annoyed and have a raging headache...
Be who you are, and say what you feel ~ Dr. Seuss |
Here's to hoping the Ravens pick you up today!
Ima munch out again
Guess I'm back on my water diet.
Morning Tweet i.....
Back at work--can a tuesday feel like 2X monday when you coem back from a holiday?
Me too! Just found some shrooms in my pocket from the other day too! :)
Dear lowes, if my purchases earned points, i so would have an extreme home make over saved up by now...
He say am not showing interest...And I said am not #IFeelBad...But shit am beening #Real+Change of <U+2665>
@ AndreaRussett hello emily you can follow me, because you are no longer active in your old account
Talent is a blessing, skill has to be learned..
True, but most #clinicaltrials need wider audience than sm can provide
Just found the perfect patio for the summer the port way tavern
An investment bank can make a 2 billion dollar blunder but student loan rates can't be lowered, where are our priorities
“People fall in love with personalities, not with robots, publications or PR agencies”
glad to hear :)
mom. shut up, go to bed. stop telling me to get off the computer.D:
Where's the new job?? I had no idea!
R.I.P. Glenn Lord. He shared with the world everything by Robert E. Howard that wasn't #Conan, and that's a hell of a lot.
401k/benefits Amazing and unheard of nowadays for a small company to provide.Thank you
Thanks, Linsey! I'll give it a try!
#NASFAA President Justin Draeger just finished speaking about importance of giving students a shot at their postsecondary educations.
When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet. -Franklin P Jones
I think what you mean to say is cheaper, less attractive and more immature ;)
shout out to for being our lucky number #1300 . pm us your info and we'll get you copies of our three latest EPs asap.
This week is going to be amazing and we couldn't be more excited! Stay tuned for some fun info & giveaways to come!
our state deserves to lose tourist $$ for amending the constitution in the name of #bigotry and
Howdy! No nukes specifically, primarily class I surgical instrumentation, chemicals and custom procedure trays.
I concur! You are a class act!
Who remembers what tomorrow is?? Pig-latin hint: ickets-tay go on ale-say...
Nicholas not ready for opening day just yet. But daddy has some sweet seats
NOW all the sober and awake people start to talk to me. -_-
Glad you liked it. We have so much more to do.
Cant say it was a hard decision, I had a good feeling in my gut and in my heart.
guys or girls????
I know. it sucks <U+E403>
did the #2weekchallenge start yesterday or does it start next Monday?
Dick Cheney considers Mubarak a "good friend and US ally." Why am I not surprised?
ur welcome. Its a beautiful day for u 2.
death has a way of re-framing life. i feel sad, exhausted, empty and excited to see what's next for you all at the same time, friend.
have fun in aus. are u friends w/ lee seon hwa? is she feeling? playing? thanks & good luck.
this is awesome! so darn clever. I see great things in your future. Congrats!
Doubt the conventional wisdom unless you can verify it with reason and experiment. - Steve Albini
Beautiful day to edit...NOT
Love seeing my sports fans tweet on sundays, its like my private twitter drama!
I am one lucky girl. I have the best family ever <3
": If I were to ever host Punk'd, I do it on lol" haha! This guy :)
Hell of a game yesterday!! big ups, stay healthy my man, I need you carrying my fantasy football team through the playoffs!
follow me back lady :)
That apple juice is going to merk your stomach though...
detention was funny as hell bro
damn! what a day
I love how happy & hyper I am on days after I take my meds
#status ...New website, coming soon!
missed you!
seriously?! Idk mine :/ I'll reply tomorrow
Haha nah, I was out making a difference by talking to LHC kids about being successful in life.
Billy Williams Statue Dedication party happening at CMC, Billy, Ernie, Fergie Jenkins, Jesse Jackson, Randy Hundley, Glenn Beckert all here!
Happing Right Now: San Diego lifeguards checking out a dolphin in distress north of Scripps Pier. The latest
Walked from Nebraska to Iowa tonight. Boy am I tired!
lol I'm assuming you wanted Fayetteville to win?
party time
Ambria&Prodigy! or Roc or Prince or Ray it doesnt really matter i love em all :D
be careful! Next thing you know, you'll be drinking week old coffee and wearing clothes from the hamper.
Please follow me !
Here we go boys, I'm getting my BROOM for this sweep that's about to happen!
How did you know?
PACKERS - Green Bays Charles Woodson to attend POLITICO's "Special Celebrity Edition" WHCD Kickoff at the Newseum Friday 8am
That movie is really good. You'll love it!
Kings bench Jimmer and pull off two wins in a row. This is not a coincidence.
You shut up!
MUSIC VIDEO: OMG Girlz – “Gucci This (Gucci That)” -
Holy hell, are you okay?!
ok if you havent noticed, i've given up on the starships video but i'm about to film ONE WHOLE VIDEO, so you edit it. OK :D
Tokyo Disney
Brit and I can bring in some leftover for U all at the studio
Will inevitably think of Michael Kelso from that 70's show when Ashton plays Steve Jobs. Hippy era Jobs: win. Keynote speaker Jobs: Fail.
Today is Edit Day. Today is Nose to the Grindstone Day. Today is Kick Chapter 15 Square in the Junk Day.
that's unfortunate! I'm wearing my Lederhosen and off to Oktoberfest!
Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
Dirty dancing is why I dance so well.
I gave a young lady news that she got the job. She squeeed at such a high pitch that somewhere something made of glass must've shattered.
dang hunger games kicked ass
Thank you...if not i always have next year:)
I've been watching the Portugal U20 WC team, 3 players stand out to me Oliveira, Reis, and Caetano. What do you know them?
ok YAHHH both !!! WE WILL MEET HER
excited to speak at Penn State again this September! Will be here before you know it. There is nothing like State College in the fall :)
4 yellow cabs denied me ! -_-
Thanks to Sports Legacy Institute. helping me make sense of the long term effects of concussions and brain injury's to Athletes and Families
My son is discussing his radiation treatments with the doctors right now. It is comforting to know God is sitting in the chair next to him.
headline so disrespectful "inside edition" - "very first lady" when referring to president's old girlfriend. so disrespectful!!!
#1DWillBeFOREVERYOUNG omg so happy this is trending :') I love so much has my heart <3
just simply thankful for my friends and family. i have blessed beyond measure
Congrats on your big hit and the Awesome victory tonight!!!
not sure yet, think that we need to catch up! Haven't laughed as much as when we went for dinner at that Italian in a while!
Damn fish
You're gonna loose me if I feel your fear...keep watching me, I can disappear.
False statement MT " "florida hispanics" (cubans) aren't latinos& won't respond the same way to anti-immigrant rhetoric."
Enjoying President's Day! Come visit the twitter page for Sal's fusion lab!
Thanks all for a wonderful time!
Thanks for the RT!
: No, no, they're wrong! You're absolutely whole. I admire you just the way you are! Much love and peace to you this morning!
man last night musta been good. feelin it this morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I have to guide couch surfer on the trains tomorrow... Yup he's back, but NOT staying at my house thank God.
We must become change we seek in the world (somebody said it just can't remember who).
That struck me as unfair as well.
Bored who wanna talk Dm me :)
There Are Signs That The Raiders Are Becoming Functional Again
My phone stopped working the day Instagram for Android came out... At least Verizon is sending me a new one
"If you ate pasta and antipasti, would you still be hungry ?"
Deep denial
“: They're not going to give us anything thats why we have to TAKE it. Success is in knowing that.”
done and ordered today..can't wait!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
If you are looking for some specialty sandwhiches Today--Try Mildreds Sandwhich Shop---order at S2YD.com for prompt delivery!!
and true. Robin being the bride was predictable but I still clapped because it was finally confirmed.
I was "resting" peacefully in the hotel hallway for a while.
Cindee's in the Hole!
is it by montwood middle? if yea can u meet me at montwood middle?
We're watching the Star Wars Christmas Special at work!
You and I<3
its all about me me me me me #Mya (retweet if you start singing it)
repubs canned pres's consumer protection nominee... what is wrong with them?
yep, my brother. How do you know him?
what's going on boss
to their credit
“: I don't know who that was waving at me but I'm going to assume I met them when I was plastered.” this happens way to much.
Sign up on our mailing list for upcoming events, news and more! Visit HoustonFlashmob.com to sign up!
Davis &amp; Elkins College Student Athletes, Staff Attend Substance Abuse Prevention Symposium
I'm getting recruited for an academic scholarship to a sports administration masters program... wish law schools were being so kind.
In love, the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two
When Dani is cooking, I'm always gaining lbs!
Every day #Republicans look more and more out of touch with what's going on. They don't make step forwards, they make leaps backwards!
Went to Hollywood yesterday to visit our edible wall - doing great! Then over to our new green roof project on Phil's Diner
<3 that show! Can't wait to catch up on this week's!!
Good morning world!! I'm up and Adam and getting ready to go back into the studio once again! My voice is hoarse so Wish me luck!!
Went to Juno's, that place is lovely! Crack is a good analogy. Is that the old chef of Tapa's from BITD?
Good Luck!
rocked my hawk n thought of you.
I hate when they pull the back in my day bullshit
Break me Lord Jesus...
Well i think im going to call it a night. Im going to sleep with my mickey mouse
Give it to me righhtttt or don't give it to me at all #RealTalk !
And the GG Bridge SWATHED in fog is the ultimate photograph.
Nice night. Blaring Bob Uecker out the living room window, drinking moscato in my tailgate chair, photoshopping.
Sorry for your loss. It's always so hard losing a best friend and loyal companion. Rest in peace, Denver.
I don't encourage anyone to quit cold turkey for accent work. Building a caseload on your own takes time and determination
omfg my laptop is acting like a bee with an itch right now .im about to ship its arse back to where it cam from.
what up cuzzin
Dora also needs to be taught about "indoor" voices.
This is my favorite part of the #Oscars I love remembering those we lost. Does this make me morbid?
Thing I learned this week. "We" actually means me. :)
You assholes. I am not no damn steak dinner.
Seriously tho, my last crush had braces &' well Austin has braces. <3 OMG.
Get out, get out, get out of my head and fall into my arms instead. I don't, I don't, don't know what it is but youu got that one thing.<U+2665><U+266C>
Vote to create online sex offender registry failed by 1 vote, Wayne wouldn't vote yes. Release violent felons? He's Yes on that.
too short
Grow or die! This maxim applies to every person, relationship, and business! Let's make 2012 a growth year!
#Celtics looked good in their 2nd and last preseason game.
I want to give indie artist a platform to showcase there talent bob. Here is my no.# at 702-521-9715
Taking away lunch tables is punishment for the food fight?? Really thats not accomplishing anything.
Got a job now! Gonna be doing internal compliance and legal for JP Morgan! Such an awesome oppurtunity!
is that the old Chain gang chain I see?
Let's go Lakers
Missouri, you're 36 out of #50states in iVillage's Best States for Women countdown. Only 1 in 4 women have college degree, own a business.
If you like coffee, sprinkle finely ground coffee on cheddar cheese, then have your favorite cup of Joe with it. Before you heave try it.
Picked up Carsten Jensens We the Drowned the other day. Fat tasty hardback with a gorgeous dj.
I thought that this episode was a little strange, but the last few scenes made it awesome!
Last day in the district. My companions still snoozing away.
RT : RT : its a travesty that the gifted black, healthy , talented soul singers don't get those shots.
what about this service? God is awesome!!!
It all just makes me ill.
oh you know I will my friend
i hope all you have a safe and happy weekend
Cryptocat, created by , is a way of communicating over the internet without being exposed to surveillance.
I'm listening to two old ex gangbangers talk about the good ole days... +_+
Thanks Tiff! You rock!
We always enjoy our lunches with but today was a whole different level
Making a conscious effort to tweet more!!!!
shouts to for the continued support of my record, "Without You," means the world to me y'all fa real
Pickens waved a hand. "I see no peaceful resolution to either. Five thousand well-armed soldiers have massed around this city."
TITLE TOWN Soul & Funk Party going down 2NITE @ Shadow Lounge!
Chris! Been a long time, buddy. How have we not run into each other in Denver?
“: RT : They're not "your" bruhz, if you're not a Delta. They're just Ques to you.”
At Silver Medal Event honoring Steve Atkins. Great Event!!
The Elysian WiFi is faster than superman.
he it's a lot better that way
etsy shop is up! RawPhotosDesigns.etsy.com *Like me, pin me, favorite me! (buying stuff is great, too)
you been done with me that ain't new!
#FavoriteLyric I think she on her period
Injustice can be wiped out, but human differences and natural limits can't be eradicated.
Arm wrestling Peter Elbow.
Come Naked ;D
Fat black bitch call her Albert lol
:) once you do please spread the word!
why do i have to be so assertive and direct with EVERYTHING ELSE, but when it comes to telling you i like you, im as timid as a mouse?
Same here! Loved your flier and connecting with you. Local is better.
oh, you're just being modest.
did they show you MP footage of COD:BO?
Many thanks!
Can't wait to get off work
Save lives. Give blood. Just donated platelets at United Blood Services. Got my 9-gallon pin!
Where is buzz Lightbeer?
Well it's good to know I've got the look down at least!
thats good. ur back. james hip. me sick. we're just a mess. lol
“Pay no attention to what the critics say. A statue has never been erected in honor of a critic.” -- Jean Sibelius
how old were you when you met ? (:
that would be cool if it had twitter handle instead of fax.
Can't waitt...
Way to go "I'll Have Another" on your #KentuckyDerby win. Hellova race. Smart race at that.
Most involved drugs & alcohol, theft. Students were given options for how to respond. Suspension/expulsion usually on the table.
Great celebratory dinner -- Kudos to the chef and the team!
First time cooks and the fire alarm goes off. Lol
Eph 1:11-12 11 In him we were also chosen,[a] having been predestined according to the plan of him who works out everything in conformity..
#Twi2012 'Slightly less bad' - Zanny sums up the optimism we have left for the state of the global economy
lmfao oh wow lol i guess if u say so ,u better text me tho cuz if not ya friend nomore =P
My sister's sneeze was super loud
One day Xcode will be hassle free… right?!
b ridn juss herd her song on the radio
humbling experiences today make amazing craftspeople tomorrow.
do you have any exciting projects coming up?
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will
Good thing I can afford a bad grade on my calc final because that was some difficult shit.
There is a tremendous (sic) weight pressing down on the center of the Earth because of so much population stomping around here these days.
#whenimeetjustin i will be dead by then, because he will never notice me.
at Buddakan for Phillys Tourism event with The Roots to promote Philly!
My finger slipped when I was typing the word "Twilight" and I ended up typing "Twitlight", I decided that was more appropriate and kept it.
love you so much Austy<3 you've gone so far and high(: you're following your dream:) You are a big inspiration<3 MCC LOVES YOU
Love your website! What are some of the trends you're seeing in 2012? Design trends? Furniture? Colors?
So proud to say that "The Great Divide" will debut on the Billboard Bluegrass Chart at #2 this week! Thank you all for the support!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Lucas Argueza °Rising 9th Grader °Concord, CA °Travel Team: Classic Basketball °Point Guard 5’5
caught Romney's lie that John Kerry also 'only released 2 years' tax returns.' It was 20.
Do superheroes count? Or partners, like Holmes and Watson?
Got 2 double packs of #5hourenergy for 8 bucks at #Walgreens. That's 4 bottles! #sleepy but not for long. But they're kinda yucky.
- our entire Resource Development team will be at the #wvdoconf12, I'm sure you'll see them there. They're looking forward to it!
Chicken breast saves dinner....again. Field greens/spinach/craisins/almonds w/homemade raspberry balsamic dressing.
at church
Just got to Starbucks. Realize USB is at school. But opened up my #GoogleDrive to find all the docs I need. I love you, Google.
Check out Making Sense of the American Civil War: Film Series featuring "Gettysburg" starring Jeff Daniels @ Green Valley Lib tomorrow @ 12.
Hear, hear. RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
i wish spring break could be longer. not looking forward for school
i’ll keep with it and hopefully those of you that just started make sure to exercise!
Toured Iowa State today. I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL COLLEGE!!!!
She Better Not Tlkk To ME Again
Had moms just cut my hair. Its cute lolz. Post pictures tomorrow before I go to work.
“Often in life, we forget the things we should remember, and remember the things we should forget
haha isn't that how it goes?! But it feels so good, especially after yoga :)
Why is there cinnamon on my bed wth
E Whinston of Qualcomm "For every 100 people in world 29 have access to Internet!"
Those who follow Blake Shelton on Twitter know the ins-and-outs of his drunken adventures, from the streets of L.A. to Taco Bell .
Tips: negotiate schedules 3+ months in advance. Don't forget about time zones and daylight savings (oops). Have backup lessons just in case.
Full moon ain't shit compared to a Scumbag Steve meets Chuck Testa meets Antoine Dodson posse cut.
not sure how I feel about nd joining hockey east...
Last week I helped my 15-yr-old dog, Kali, make his transition. He is now with his mate of 12 years, Marilla, who passed in December. R.I.P.
Had a good evening
We'll make it fresh when you come in! RT : looks good! Now I want pizza lol
At the Hollywood Pitch Festival you take scheduled meetings vs. Waiting in 100 lines.
Who else has seen it? What did you think?
Happy New Year!!!! Nothing like the Photo Promo Season:)
too too much! Sneak in someone's luggage!!
its my birthday 2day!!!
On that note, next time I see it, I'm going to have to look out for ! Got too caught up in the movie to search!
Unemployed:Gary Faulkner
Reading musses up my mind.
:) Thanks so much for the retweet!
I'm federwmd
We all clicked, though. Pretty soon the Chronicle is going to be using cute animals to get us to read. I'm sure of it.
use #jcdl2012 hashtags in following order to spell acronym *plus*:
Quit being a faggot and suck that dick!
RT How different would our lives be if we prayed SunStandStill Prayers daily? Truly believe God 4 the IMPOSSIBLE
Holy tolitdo it's cold!
you seemed interesting so I followed!!
Thanks for the follow!
is trying to keep people from following me.... Girlfriends *sigh* . Just kidding Michelle. I love you <3
Just got home, drunk as fuck-.-
“: cool got it ! Email me ” will do check in the morning
states that the lack of resolve between Republicans and Democrats in congress about student loan rates is unacceptable.
Hurry! You'll love it. If you have a VT driver's license you get in half price!
well...if ur not sure ur here but u kinda r then i guess ur a ghosty (:
cant believe that there are parades and celebrations of someones death
lil thank u
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 23
Just posted some WordCamp posters around Downtown Reno. First person to @ reply with a sighting and you'll get a free ticket ;]
I know all about the allergies.. :( that stinks finally able to have good weather ..and cant enjoy
Good idea now. Bad idea later.
Get 5,000 Business Cards for only $100 !!! log-on to www.800printingnyc.com
It's always funny seeing lil kids cry.
I heart Scotty
I was tumbling and hurt my knee so I haven't tumbled since then.
Shoot, I was hoping would follow me or some thing </3
ABOUT TO SEE THE AVENGERS WITH MY DADDY!
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
Out of consumer debt once my tax return arrives. #hooray!
why r u tweeting while driving???? r u crazy?!?!?
hell yeah! also been listening to Snapcase's "Progression Through Unlearning" and Annihlator's "Schizo Deluxe" both r killr
“: bitches hahahaha” I told u I'm koo off of fuckin hella bitches haha that's fa you pimps
Still trying to shuffle everybody over to the current account. Thanks
I hope Bossypants is worth the $17 I spent on it.
lame. Come to the 561
New yankee stadium is like mohegan sun with less atmosphere. Saturday night here used to mean something.
RT : The only #FiestaBowl I care about right now is the one on my lap filled with Julio's Chips.
That one person in your life who claims to be your friend but constantly tries to undermine your relationships and nullify you. Ugh.
Gourcuff named to the France squad for the Euros. Happy Blanc's showing trust in his former charge.
Why has the field turned to shite the last couple of games?
YOYO = You On Your Own.
Goaltending is only for teams that can't score.
World #Prematurity Day--remembering the little angels and honoring the survivors. 11/17/11
Ultrasound photos on Facebook are creepy. I'm just sayin'...
Bucks F Ersan Ilyasova does not win the NBA's Most Improved Award. Goes to Orlando's Ryan Anderson.
oh hehehe, yeah I may be trembling a minute but imma jump!
Doing a social media Spring cleaning. Goodbye spam tweets & sketchy followers! Does anybody else do this to their SM profiles?
good lookin on the mix bro/hit me when u bak #Dreamfirst/Who Else?
ok enough of this. am obv NOT going to do any more work, I should just go home and watch the matches instead of sbing and reading you lot.
love ya team
Just had a wide ranging and insightful face to face convo with
Well it's time to get back to work on Monday and get ready for CC. Not to excited about splitting with Gophers, but we'll take it...for now
Is the priest cute? Chat him up :)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali
Hey Joe ! Good to run into you and Angela last night! I'll let know of your interest in drawing classes.
I get on twitter when I'm bored. So somebody go ahead and make me laugh.
Did anyone else notice that season 5 of Reno 911! is suspiciously Garcia-light?
So, are you like three? Your naiveté is no excuse. Newbie or senior guy it happened INSIDE #nbc. Nobody from outside. Inside job.
“: johnson and strop now 9 for 9 in saves..Bird pride..country taking notice” GO BIRDS!
Probably all laws are useless, for good men do not want laws at all, and bad men are made no better by them.
If Floyd's got #BieberFever, I'm not hating
Recorder is back on the stage Saturday July 10 @ Crystal Pistol in Tulas, OK...Free Concert!!!
thanks! glad your boys love the catalog. How old are they? Any favorites yet?
Jason Wu launches his line tomorrow.. So excited!
they're only trying to help. Remember, porn doesn't watch itself. Often.
Told her its more atractive when u hold it down
Congrats, Cathy!
round 2 tonight be there
When the economy rebounds how will your credit measure up ????
#HappyMonday, PDX! Will the sunshine carry into your workweek? has your forecast every 15mins , 6-8am. Next one's :31!
Excuse me Sir..am I bothering your precious exsistance? #I'mInvisible
These are amazing! Great job capturing the essence of So glad you could be there with us.
Say hi to santa for me
Had fun last night playing guitar hero felt like 1 of guys
No Problem. You are welcome :)
Going to the supermarket on this cleanse diet is rough. Wish I didn't just walk past the bakery section.
I don't get Taco Bell wanting patrons to give their name rather than assigning a number. Let's not bring identities into this shameful act.
TO WEAR BBY. And take me with you. LOL (I wish)
that would include Danny Brown, A$AP Rocky, etc..
There's a maybe a couple things that could be called out on, too. Good to meet you #IRL - regards to !
feels like I'm in good company...lovin' the spirit that's coming through the music...
Yeah, Rangers! Beat the Caps.
i've been ghost writing for years but am finally putting up a site! fun!!!
no matter where a man goes, it is important to whom he returns
I am living in a society of nonsense. No one cares...
may be.
Also, will be live tweeting from Stand Up For Justice, so be sure to follow them!
Obama needed something to generate energy for many in his base and this triggered his decision.
Had a great time at the hawks game, saw my team #BOSTON CELTICS play, Shout to that invite
That wasn't a dis, it was meant to reify your "noting new in digital"stance. RT : yes, same as it ever was...
Give you this, give you that Blow a kiss, take it back.
Election time will be here before you know it. Register and vote!
Wisdom is the wealth of the wise.
Doing the same, enjoy the rest of your day.
wanna see the chariot again? They are back on tour
So apparently there's a thunderstorm outside. That just shows how tuned out from the world I get with music <3
oh I hate haha too! It's so unfair, but I harshly judge all lol and haha tweeters. Yet I have "ha" 'ed in my time.
I think it's funny that, regardless of who wins NYR/WSH, the Devils will be the most offensively exciting team left in the playoffs
#IdFangirlIfJustin saw this tweet. ILOVEYOU. c;
well I tried to get 312 but they didnt have that on tap. So I got some Oberon
have you seen the video? Otherwise that comment might be misconstrued :-)
If the bitch ain't fine I don't mind, two nickels make a dime every time
“: Being in love doesn't mean u have to be together and being together doesn't mean you're really in love”
thank god for baseball! Haha
Don't follow the yellow brick road, take the beaten path, you'll get there quicker and with less nausea.
Like, literally?
Hey everybody! Please follow me and keep up through my crazy journey. Top 24 baby! Here we come!
r u part of ChipMeUp as well?
i know thats shit now, wish when you are going to stop toking about that fucker
Uggghh its top early for work. I didn't sleep enough!
The true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good. ~ Ann Landers
My fucking battery life sucks
Question of the day. Who is your favorite vocalist?
Its 11:11 and I'm eating soup!!
I'm at the minor league game at miller park and there was a kid wearing a hoodie dancing on the jumbotron! We are everywhere!!
me too, wish I had the willpower to beat my Type II; I cannot get a good start, but I have to try. Best to you today! :-)
Getting some IF ONLY'S sent to us. Email us if you want to be featured on the cover of our EP "If Only" at
It's Daffodil Season! Nothing says Spring like Daffodils, and who isn't ready for SPRING?!
Hi, Malcolm. Just checking in to see if you had any luck thinking of any potential panelists/moderators for the 13th. Thnx! :-)
If doing it is wrong, I don't wana be right
The Amazing Spider-Man Launches OsCorp Industries Viral Site
yo! Thanks so much!
Happy Friday, Kathy! I hope you have a great day & thx for the RT!
I have 135gb of video I need to burn to DVD. Whats the most efficient way? Anyone have an article? I have access to Final cut and Premiere.
Birthday s/o to ! Happy birthday booobooooo! I love and miss you very much. Have an amazing birthday <3
I could listen to all day!
I think i've had enough drunk texts/phone calls & green giraffes for one day
Hanging out at a 7 challenges training. This program is awesome.
busy day, couple good games at the big ten tourney..now richmond v. new castle 930 whon to listen
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Ryan Clark is not there to help palamolu.
sure. What do u want to talk about?
Woken by birds outside this morning. If I whistle the death march to the Mockingjays, do you think the other birds will get the message???
love the new song #SaySomethin !! :) love you <3
It may also contain graphic as well. Therefore, every CD is covered in a CD jacket for better safety.
U/D Poplar Grove - Command requests 3rd medic for the *SERIOUS ACCIDENT*
RT Playing literary greats tunes at deans tonight with Brandon Elam around 930.
Notably absent: my all-horse remake of Bergman's "Brink of Life"
Studies say wearing red can change your mood for the better-time to go shopping.
yea , i guess !
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
Yes! I love Shooter's scripting on these issues.
Gotta admire CP3 for trying to make something happen and forcing overtime at the least. But glad we're getting overtime!
And I'm back where I belong in SD! That was seriously the quickest trip ever, less than 48hrs in
Off to the #140Cuse Reception and then the #BetaAlphaPsi Banquet... Busy Thursday on my end, but all worth it.
Agreed! Thx! RT : What a great night for a date night! Enjoy, you two :) RT : Date night <3 (@ Greenstreet Cafe
The awkward moment when you realize you're wrong in an argument, but you keep arguing anyway.
Wow that Duke NC was unbelievable!
Thanks for the follow dude!
Any1 know of or participate in any noteworthy communities where u pay to participate? I know some, but nothing w/ scale.
host a party with 1D up all night party
are you kidding me? you look exactly alike. and ikr im so jealous shes wicked pretty -___-
thx, lived with it so long, ruins quality of life though, neurologist is trying to get me under control though
see below...hoping ohio and PA are runners-up in this pageant!
hahaha that's the funniest pic I've ever seen in my life LOL
Stan Javier
Sam Watch: Worley up to 49 Twitter followers, which will be included in any sale.
I have your spring break shirt, remind me to give it back to ya!
but make sure you come out and support my sister she is also very talented she will be hosting dec 6 at webber's thanks:)
EsJay's going global! =] RT "We’re also making it easier for American businesses to sell products all over the world."
This is a must! Do it!
Well, that's a new twist on glass half full. ;)
Barnes Foundation's new Philadelphia museum, reviewed - Washington Post Barnes Foundation 's new Philadelphia museum, reviewed Washington
Joining in! Looks very cool so far! :)
it wasn't terrible.. until the second glass.
Linked In keeps sending me one-moth trials for their Premium service. Anyone using it? Is it worthwhile?
Deleting my twitter app.Some people just overreact too much and spread a bunch of rumors. Read my last retweets. said it all
Of course, and everyone believes me because I look innocent(:
Opening up to the panel with and joining us.
why isnt anyone up?
RT : Until yu walk a day in my shoes please don't tell me how to do me..
Love ya too hunnii
I want an experience more fun in 10 minutes than I had in the last whole week. Any suggestions?
#Artists #Bands join Http://www.dagnomusic.com Sell your music keep 100% of the revenue , Find new fans , and socialize.
Trade sugar for honey! Add it to your oatmeal, tea or coffee to help fight hunger.
Now I understand your dinner link! Met your partner in crime at #dctweetup; he convinced me to come. Thx!
Woohoo about the badge for #pcbw2012!!
I wish there was a money emoji! #wheresthemoney<U+2754><U+2754>
What's the last good book you read?
I LOVE and want the world to know it!
#orange coffee in chicago! Are you gonna hit the toy store too?
This a simple question: If you drop two identical glass cups from the exact same distance. Will they break exactly the same? Probably not!
#BasketballWives is on!!!
Enders returns to full-time racing with Ford Mustang Pro Stock entry!
Who's going to Kansas City Thursday night? will be there! Bring your special silent auction pen
Uh oh - looks like #in2 #hashtag has ben hijacked.
Sees the current conversation as similar to the "end of the world" conversations that happened around Xeroxing
FRIENDS: "I don't have any lunch $". "Aww, here's $5." BEST FRIENDS: "I don't have any lunch $." "Good, you were getting fat anyway."
Can't forget Charles Willson Peale's Cabinet of Curiosities as an early American museum
congrats on the amp! but careful, tube amp building is contagious! ;) (3 for me in past 2 years). send pics and schematics pls ;)
Coffee is so amazing that even after roasting it all week, nothing still beats that Sunday morning cup! Have a great day everyone!
4 Fridays until tax season 2012 is officially over! Yes, counting! Then no work on Fridays until 12/15! Lucky me! Life is a Balancing Act!
A little drier Wed north of Olympia, even some sun; rain returns from south late day/evening.
#Np Racked up shawty~Meek Mill
hired a food truck to be outside the library during exams. They aren't seeing much business, possibly b/c adderall suppresses appetite.
Good Luck Andrew....go get 'em
Lunch with and evening with ; just another glorious day of Adventures by the Book!
Omg, that high note austin just did .. asdfghjkl;
I'm downtown & carless. I'd like to have an adventure. What's the best way for a hobo to get to Schenley Park or Shadyside? Other than rails
Did I mention that I am loving Jill Scott's new album. Great compliment to my work day :)
We can't wait to see you all! Thomas is so much fun every year!
1/29/1789->Lafayette:From these circumstances, I entertain greater hopes that America will not disappoint the expectations of her Friends
I had a friend once blurt out Vagina when she used expensive film for a not so worthy of that film pic. You two rock! lol
Parent teacher night....very exciting :P
glad to hear that!
I know you didn't just call my seed Flugazly?lol. I'll be at your house when you get there!!
Just saw rick santorums campaign bus drive. I am pretty sure the gates of hell were opening beneath it to thaw the streets.
this totally reminded me of that Beyonce song...now it's stuck in my head lol
HAVE YOU HEARD THE NEWS??? LEE BRICE & JAMEY JOHNSON & JOSH TURNER @ BONFIREJAM! GET TO THAT PRESALE @ PEN AIR NOW!
Floyd Mayweather beat Miguel Cotto by unanimous decision. The fight went the distance.
Lol who hacked into the account lol
So good they have to rename it three and a half men
I just died Hahahahaha
Intro to Lindy Hop starts tonight!
getting a ride to and from work is like riding the school bus: embarrassing and time-consuming.
Kudos Judge Hatchett!
Thanks darlin. U are always so sweet & Im excited to see you RT : oh babe you rule #HOTLIFE #bestboyfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
need to go summer shopping with all this cash that has conveniently come into my possession
follow us on baltimorebestcrabs.com
When you're happy like a fool, let it take you over
WHAT UP WORLD...IN FOR ANOTHER LONG NIGHT ME, MY PEN, AND PAD..
I'll be right over! Haha.
Turn on the heat #LAKERS!!!
aaahhh...missed you Saturday.
DreamWork Kitchens specializes in kitchen & bath remodeling and cabinet refacing. Nice to be on Twitter!
Ronald. E. Osborn The first one gets the oyster the second gets the shell.
It's the reverse. The value is the distinction between surrogate (digitized) and original (born digital).
woke up to a bird in our van this morning. weird shit.
OH REALLY? And you call me old?!?! I got you ari!!
this weekend went by so fast.. well goodnight everyone, love you. <3
<delete, delete, file, delete, delete>
#NP Kanye Ft Jay Never Let Me Down... This my ISH!
Yeah, probably not, but I do love Rocket Bar. Thanks!
The trimester is winding down. Very exciting, to be welcoming 140 students and 30+ new teachers to my evening grad class:)
hahahahaha I woulda bought the pistons and brought them downtown!
Lily Storm and Dan Cantrell will be playing on the dinner/concert series on Saturday, December 17!!
Looking for something to do this weekend? Check out King Tut at The Children's Museum of Indianapolis!
We hear ya. See you next time!
The crossbar gets Terry's wife first.
what are some good books about customer support? Any blogs you recommend on customer support?
Big Thanks to Hamilton Middle School for the great time today! We hope to see you guys again!
Tweet me something CRAZY to do here in Disney World that would make people look at me weird. I'll do whatever ;)
#ThingsStalkersDo call u from other numbers so you'll pick up
would you not say our moral beliefs have evolved?
S(he) be(lie)ve(d)
I like the contact rules as they are, but I think coaches should have more than 5-6 weeks to watch summer teams.
you're welcome! :)
I like that the day after I finish #Catching Fire, #Mockingjay comes in the mail.
Fiesta Mexicana moves downtown! So excited good Mexican food and byob!
It's so <U+E331> and so tight.
Watching Monday night #RAW super show on USA network
Not to mention the distraction of reading a text, in your car, in obviously bad weather!
No Wawa review. Not sure why, but their food is awful now. They don't have any of the things I used to go there for.
is it me or is all my direct messages says the same damn thing from different plp and i thought facebook was fucked up
Morning highlight: Reading the snipes about The Pitch on
I understand. And as an ITRT, I am not part of any regular rotation.
It's worse than we ever could've imagined. Nowhere is safe. This is what happens when you let your guard down.
#shout out to my uncle Dave for restoring my iPhone
Loving that one big-time Luv! That is one dripping wet pussy! Have you got anything else? Maybe a full-body pic.
i now understand why some people have separate beds and rooms.
Give, Receive, and Dance.
Tried to tell my friend I was a brony...ended up acting like I was faking it...
Good morning, everyone!
We look good together.
If Macho weren't so cute he'd be sleeping outside right now.
thanks for the updates, Holly, and for all that you do!!
1D is all I ever think about nowadays . There just all so hot . Especially
Hello Bob :-)
Last Minute Gig annoucement: and Soulsquad live recording and video shoot TONIGHT at 8pm. Free w/ RSVP:
why am I up at 1:39 am watching tutorials of D'angelo songs and learning them on piano.... lol -__-
But if you are a good person, you should trust your gut to tell you how much is enough.
HELL YEA I SHO NEED TO BUMP INTO YA WHILE U HERE #DM ME YO NUMBA MY GUY
This guy makes some good points. But we do have to reinvest in our infrastructure.
A 3000 dollar camera for her birthday ? Damn lucky .
yo that smoke we got is a cross between og kush and grand daddy purp
Your one bada$$ woman!! Love your music as much as I love breathing! Take care!
I could never actually pay it (short of taking out loans to do so). Instead, they forgive that debt each semester, as a hiring "bonus."
omg! She is so great!
Who's eaten silkie chicken?
yea go to YouTube type in Sor760 nightlife mixtape vol 1
I know my mom is struggling for food,clothes,&stuff for us. And I love her very much:) I want 2 dedicate #TurnToYou 2 my mom:)
Give Away Free McDonald's Gift Cards courtesy of the McDonald's Corporation.
Haha! I'll take it. Great to meet you on here. We get WGN in Portland, so I'll make sure to check out your show.
U/D Vincent - Req neighborhood services for displaced occupants. Fire Investigator req Arson Investigator
We appreciate the follow. HOW about those Pacers!
little tip: don't wash mushrooms? takes away from their wonderful flavor
im gonna take a shower. brb
don't you think having a fireworks promotion on Good Friday is insensitive towards Catholics?
ok it's settled. we start trolling the world tomorrow. but for now... SLUMBER
Tune in today at 9pm EST to for our new show "My Big Fat Failure"
You cannot run away from a weakness you must sometimes fight it out or perish. And if that be so, why not now, and where you sta
A little hahaha :p
RT : CSM Library's Text-a-Librarian service. Text CSM to 66746 . Get a confirm txt back then txt your question!
why didn't se apply. I got accepted one year but decided not to go
Our metaphysical consultant says that waffles are the penultimate energy clearing vessel, second only to crystals, duh.
Spoiling myself at the spa getting a facial before work.
tomorrow: work and goin to school to take care of some business. god pls make monday go by fast
Thanks! Me too :)
Been up since 4 still can't sleep!!!
What's the difference between my fat cock and a joke? You can't take a joke <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
#nowblasting Love Like Crazy - Lee Brice
Days like this I wish my grandma was alive so I can lay my head on her lap while she rub my head & I pour my heart out. So much on my mind.
Follow me, i follow back!:D
A rush of blood to the head
I like your eyes how they are now..js:)
I Listen To Chris Brown & J. Cole Everyday . It's A Daily Thing !!
RT if you've saw all his videos on Youtube!!!
Sometimes when I'm bored I sit on the toilet and make some life decision.
Westing: yes. Some people have innate notions of how movement should control things, but they don't always match users' notions
You ONLY have 3 timeouts left Baylor in the game!!
#SometimesYouHaveTo let go... Even when you don't want to.. You just, have to...
Lol - thanks! By the way, just checked out your blog, and loving it. Great Prefontaine quote for today :-)
Goodbye Wisteria Lane <3
Must write two letters of rec today, do or die.
wow UNC practice is going to suck tomorrow!!
How do you catch King Kong? Hang upside down and make a noise like a banana.
Nicolettes Friend said something rude about ICONiacz, & now some ICONiacz are like saying oh why didnt nicolette say anything...
A4. Create an employee focus group to gather ideas on why customers don't use org site (i.e. content inaccurate, easier to call, etc.)
It sad that I can still hear you even will my headphones in and the volume up
i know
Much love to anyone following me, you're amazing. Bed time for me. Sweet dreams. God Bless.
You and I, walk a fragile line.
I don't understand Pintrest. It's says I have I be invited. It's been a couple of weeks now.
Got G
So true! RT : More meaningful metrics of social media use called for at Monterey Bay Aq. Here here!
Nothing on TV tonight. Use 's House stream.
im watching on tv, this painting is worth 5million and it looks like a baby pooped on it...thats a masterpeice?
haha of course.
How does the generation that invented answering machines not understand its use? Stop running 2 the phone when it rings it isnt a fire drill
Red Robin with my bestfriendsss :)
we need a group solution! Very interested. : What are the useful XML data for a concrete media like poetry?
finna knock out, night world
Oh. Hello, Glen Hansard. I did not expect to see you here tonight. What's that? Oh, sure. I'd love to hear a few songs. Thanks.
in the room coolin for a moment.... wat to do
lol..tell them to fall back
Happy April Fools Day!
Thank you for all you do!
at the pool with friends livin the dream! kind of. i am very badly burned.
#southbysowhat sleeping with sirens, cartel, hellogoodbye (: To bad pierce the veil's not on the list.
Very excited to have Melissa Wald here tonight! -Lee Anne
My heart is doing all kinds of singing, dancing and laughing today! I couldn't ask for anything better!
Shout out to for lettin the bay eat for many Moons.
Literally stuck in a line of cars behind a tractor.
WHFS 97.5 FM first song back on air after 6 years 6 months and 20 days: Today by Smashing Pumpkins
well, "they" say, "if you remember the nineteen sixties, you missed it".
Could not agree more. I raise money for them during the season and the kids are truly wonderful. Hope to see you tomorrow!
is this you from over there?
Congrats on the funding. Great things ahead, we're sure of it!
. on ROI: "There's a return on investment & a return on ignoring."
Speaking of which.
It sure was!
how can u avoid hits in a fight? unless u have martial arts skills.. :-) if the fight is unavoidable.. that's what u have to do.
My brother started crying because he said I don't spend enough time with him... I feel bad.
I'm a little sick, but still enjoying the trip.
LOO THATS FUNNY. IM GOOD CANT COMPLAIN.
yup- he sure is! And he is pretty amazing at it too!
It's #Monday!! You know what that means #denver #dinner 1/2 Price Crabs tonight!
that's what a mustache is for. holds onto smell samples for you. ;)
Quarters in the sub with
I'm fucking these tacos up from
I hate LeBron James
that cypher needs to happen. Shits gonna be ill
Just came back from a fun filled Halloween party at Paul Allen's who played an amazing performance along with singer conchita
i didn't know you were behind me: the mark huntsman story
Conversations through twitter get annoying real fast.
This is great. Thanks for sharing.
How this UK team rivals the best EVER @ Kentucky!
So funny! And only $10
I wish high school was like , how it is on tv .
Here we go! RT : Oh..Archives = dinosaurs. HA HA HA! is getting epic lolz re: old stuff..
Gritty win by #UConn. Amazing performance by #Kembawalker once again. Lets get ready for the Aztecs.
Break a leg tonight. Act good!!!!
Keg stands all around!
Who the fuck doesn't pass the CAHSEE. I was sick when I took it.
and hope you are having fabulous travels!
I'm awaiting your next move on Words with Friends as I collect all the help in Empires & Allies. ;)
“: my dad = biggest asshole i've ever met” mine too.
We've got to be innovative during this challenging times. Innovative solutions to meet the bigger needs of our users.
took you long enough.... eight years coming, lol. technically, student is the LONGEST career you had..... lmao!
going out #nomoreloserstatuses!
4) the way she felt when she first saw me?
Wake up! We're open for lunch! 2 or more medium one topping pizzas are just $5 each!
Nikki Weaver is leading the audience in early morning yoga!
Ha ha! I'd give it to you in a minute if I could mate! Don't get lost in the snow over there!
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this a
I'm so glad you found a place! Fells or Fed? I'm sorry you're missing your place. :(
RIGHT NOW on www.electrolouis.com! We are playing LIVE! Tune in now for PROPER Primetime Thursdays! :D
AND SEXY. LOLOL.
You know your to close to your Bestfriend when your trynna get it in and you both start making out ! Haha I love you <3
RT : Up by almost 10%, more couples are choosing to have their ceremony and reception at the same location.
ANd they love the way i dumb out wit the gear That JAcket These shoes dont come out thus year
Didn't kno she was 5'3 but she perfect for me
RT Stress eating solutions #8: Sleep. Stress is exhausting - sleep will work more wonders than working late into the night.
I'm gonna take a dump. I'll post the pics on my Facebook page later.
The openness of our hearts and minds can be measured by how wide we draw the circle of what we call family. - Mother Teresa
If I am a little stressed I always stroke one of my two red cats and I feel fine instantly!
thanks pa
15th btwn 70th and 75th is closed off. Lots of emergency vehicles.
Doc Holliday left the team (phillies) for personal reasons. I knew something was wrong. You' don't blow a 6 run lead to the Braves.
yo i need them headphones i left and that footage big homie
This book is intense. Damn.
Well, the Padres have been a solid ballclub this year ... What? They're 0-6-1 in series play, that's great, make it 1-6-1
Getting my workout on at barre3 in Georgetown to then realize Mrs. Jill Biden herself is two mats over...
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs sitting on your front porch? - Matt
If played like this during the regular season I wouldn't have struggled so hard to make the playoffs in my fantasy league
Barbara, that sounds great! Looking forward to sharing your real estate tweets. Have a wonderful weekend.
Just tapped Mad River DIPA.
I Love You And You Should Earse You Twitter.!!!
Thank you so much - we open in NYC in Septembe and are currently figuring out the rest of the country!
That one friend who will borrow stuff from you & never give it back..
I agree. Props for showing the deal #EPT2012 Transparency FTW
pretty miffed. been feeling stuck. want to follow my bliss but can't seem to find it.
Another quiz in Ethics. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Congrats on the nominations. Very exciting!
lol okay sent it to strmoon...man it seemed longer in the the document, but looks short it the email. Hmm..anywho, enjoy!! :)
Stop by if you're inclined. Brooklyn summer ale and way less crowded than tap.
Sooner or later I always find out the truth
Who did the ranking?
"Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away Now it looks as though they're here to stay"
Friend told me he got cock blocked by a bag piper. Dude, if you lost a girl to a bag piper then you never really had her.
5.4 Travis Porter PERFORMING LIVE @ FUR NIGHT CLUB Text TravisPorter to 74455 for FREE entry
you live in Finland?!?
Nice crowd at tonight....bout to get crunk in the 2nd set.
#Snow = don't want.
I think it's funny how everyone comes on Wednesday because we enter later :O
Another Great Meal at my favorite new restaurant in Alpharetta.
RIP.. @ HeavyD.. U are already missed..
love the pic!
industry news: tracy morgan will in fact star in my new series, "downtown abbey with brian fellow."
I've got a slight crush on bc she loves her bball and writes about my teams: UK,Dayton, & Butler. Keep up the great work!
City and SDPD had facts wrong on CUP re Type 20 license. Place was not going to be a mini mart like atty for applicant said it was.
Music at Mumbai: Nicole Elizabeth, vocal jazz and trio 4/7
ya, i guess things change, you know? you can see what the issue is on my fb post. just annoying and frustrating
sorry. It was too delicious.
She must realy like cake... She keeps saying it over and over. Jeez. Fatty.
Happy Birthday Precious Jesus!! Hope everyone has a Very Merry Christmas! :)
The rain is coming down hard and it’s cold out. Mom is warm in bed, she’s sleeping now. I took some goofy pic’s 4 my blog today. It’s ...
love it :)
good girl a couple more weeks of school thank God, did you get your invite on fb from me?
Jets what? This reminds me of the Giants-Seahawks game last week.
I remember that one! "El Diabloooooooooo!" Loved it.
I can't do it with the addressing and the deciphering and reorganizing and all the pragmatics and cohesiveness these are ideas and things.
The world needs a drive thru salad place where you can get why you want --fast
Very impressed with what you're doing...
Same old story that everybody knows, it's one heart holding on, one heart letting go.
I NEED TO TALK 2 SOMEBODYY ON DA PHONE
Got those new fries from pops plaza. Phenomenal.
So ready for an iPhone app. Hint, hint!
Nice work ! Now it's 's turn to crush it. #aintnopartylikeajonmarreroparty! Go Go !
MSNBC: Rev. Al: What you just said!
I can't wait! Let's hope for a good long summer.
im going to slap you so hard tomorrow!
i agree to that. Entitlement society
The nine most terrifying words in the English language are, I’m from the government and I’m here to help. — Ronald Reagan
U be up to no good and everybody know # J.Cole
Oh how I love
yep! Now about replacing those sound bytes in #finalcutpro ...
Working in Madison today.
That's what's up....so proud of you sis...won't be long for the cap and gown.
Bummer, I'm too late - Nice one :)
Don't Just live in the small box of the United States. Check the value of the dollar else where. www.Xe.com.
oh yeah i almost forgot i'm deleting on saturday
Dying of anticipation over here!
Good news to get me through working this summer!
Well I knew that!!! I'm just so damn lovable! How could you not? Bahaha!
Attitude: Some people will test you, some will use you, and some will teach you; but most importantly some will bring out the best in you.
Just finished Book #GameChange. Great read if you're interested in personal stories/dynamics that made up the 2008 election.
she wouldn't let ya? Just on today? Did she know she was going for pics? She's how old? Mommy good scares me
HowDoWeDese80 this beer garden in NYC for a friends bday, you?
getting drunk at la cha with the best kids in btown.
watch the video. Everybody's shufflin
hey Alex how tall are you?(: #followmealex please?(:<3
u make sports center awesome.
#fact my real name is Anavahn. But I hate it.
YOU KNOW! Lol. I'm Kinda Scared Tho "/
I fucking hate this shit. "I'll call you when I get home and we'll hang out" Jk, I'm ditching you for my cousin, again.
Merry Christmas!!
preciate ya Stephen ;o) ur awesome..
New Travis Porter/Jeremih is hot...with that I'm off to finish these mixes for the night and off to embark on an adventure tomorrow night.
Yep.“: Twitter makes you improve your writing, the 140 character limit forces you to master the art of getting to the point”
Why is it that Guys sweatshirts are so much comfier than ours?
I did something crazy today! Totally left the house without painted toe nails! I know, crazy! Don't judge me, I'm still the same person.
Renarder will be taking up three thirds of it...
working on my MR presentation at caffrey's. #casualwednesday with
yay you're coming!!! See u later tonight!
Laughing out Loud!
RT: Good because I been sweating a lot this year....hope to have a brigther 2011 then, ;)
Monday morning: what you need, free wifi, coffee, eggs and bacon, or French Toast!
To make things worse, Detroit taking it to the Chargers.
No doubt. Why is it that Xians ignore the worst parts of the NT, but chant those that appear 'good'?
I was a Belieber before I knew about his b day then I found out and I was like omg!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks my friernd...rock the day today!
Just overheard that Elway has a master plan of getting Orton hurt, cutting Tebow and Quinn and starting himself. I'm cool with it.
The Red Sox sent Marco Scutaro to the Rockies for Clayton Mortensen last night
Eric D LUX in main room …Karaoke in the libray..Marquee mondays
Brand new half comin up. Let's end this once and for all
Vh1 announces eminem is number one rapper
Why do they put scales in the rooms at all-inclusive resorts? That's just mean.
Fans give Hunter Pence the Bronx cheer after catching routine fly ball. Wonder how he likes us now?
When he becomes a Jag, you will have to come visit to Jax and hit up for a good seat!!!
Im so pissed! At ricks boatyard for drinks with my mom and dont have my ID grrrr
Say somethin cos you're driving me crazy<3
I hate this class.
“: The team is acting a fool for birthday. #celebration”We really were! Any excuse is a good excuse right?
Forgot how fun it is to make stuff with After Effects.
I finally lost a couple pounds , so happy
Lol make one .
Interesting thought.
if for some reason you have not tried this $1 dollar Indie game, please do !! Check out BloodyCheckers plz :)
that girl you want to punch in the face because even her presence annoys you.
wow, you're a natural. you should be a private investigator. :) then, I can have you look up all of my ex-boyfriends one day ;)
Navy and airforce used 4 billion gals of fuel in 2008
Okay. Things have been sorted out. Now ... to the pharmacy! And then bed.
#liesgirlstell I'm not the jealous type
Washington Redskins 17 St. Louis Rams 0 11:35 in 3rd #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Evan-Eric Longino °Rising 7th °Furlong, PA °Travel Team: Sixers °Small Forward 6’2
I'm sure Ronnie is happy Timmy or Veras-ie (or Jose-y) can't screw this one up. What is Veras' nickname? Rick got a HR tho!
You will own turquoise soon. I promise. You probably already smell of lemon grass and white sage.
Muhahahaha! So glad I deactivated my #Facebook account a year ago. Everyone is talking of switching to twitter cuz of the changes. SUCKERS!
Will you be posting any photos of LA then? :)
awww mann nothing but #family just #followed me
Great tweet!!
Happy first day of spring everyone! More importantly, who wants to come get free with me?
Unless it's Justin Timberlake. I loved those phone calls. They were the best.
I very excited because is bringing me a Potbelly sandwich for lunch. *claps!*
Im on this side, my side
Members: save the date for our next tea + treat parties following member-only classes. 4/1 in Dupont and 4/4 in Arlington.
Got into an argument about what Ayele Forde is capable of at RB. He's a nifty runner but IMO lacks speed/power. Friend sees a role for him.
Thank God the green douchebags are gone.
Then you shouldn't work up a sweat drowning them. Good luck w/the bags.
Please if u like Taylor swift follw :-)
RT RT I defend Zimmerman because if "I had a son he could be railroaded like Zimmerman."
switched from celtics to see final mins of bulls/76ers. dramatic finish. Unfortunate Rose out, but nice to see underdog fans celebrate.
Name of the first African-American astronaut and the year he traveled in space? For the answer visit www.americanlegacymag.com
#FF to our new design followers, looking forward to tweeting with you! , , , ,
Your favorite stage directions will have big news for you soon!! Hold on to your irregular features, fire buckets and lazy sharks
I have just posted 4 new vacancies, if you missed my update then we are looking for the following Character Artist - UK Senior Tools Progr…
Oh yeah that didnt bother me at all
Im 40 min early to my interview...sitting in my car counting the minutes
RT : McGrady poked Nic so deep in his eye, he was hit with pain and immediate blurred vision. "I saw three T.Macs,"
Learned more about the Reading Musical Foundation over lunch. Apparently Band Camp is different than reported.
I'll definitely take that as a compliment. And I can kind of see it, too.
"Stopped following Entirely too much Pittsburgh-related garbage..." What, exactly, were you expecting?
Np: Frank Ocean- Thinking of you
thks 4 vids & other links. if you want me 2 tweet it just add 2 let me no. dont send me a message i get 2 much, mostly spam
“Action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error, change - this is the rhythm of living.”~ Bruce Barton
Doctors say Giffords was shot in the head; bullet traveled straight through her brain. Giffords is out of surgery
im hungry
I love seeing that smile of yours
its a stupid system
...what does the night hold for me? hm :-D
why does mwc's tweets sound like they got bounced
Our Practicum and Career Services office just moved back upstairs in the admin area. Come by and say hello!
listening to essential mix for the first time since it came out. brilliant!
that's my fave activity. Your sis and g'ma and I would be fast friends.
The Futures Collegiate Baseball League is accepting applications for GM's for expansion franchises. Email .
with a system of whistles and clicks
cut the cord!
Congrats to kevin willer
Q. What do a Rubix cube and a penis have in common? A. The longer you play with them, the harder they get.
I also use Favorites as bookmarks 2 read later especially when links are involved. But that's just me.
Congrats...just heard the news! Exciting times...nobody more deserving.
What's the oddest topic about which believes YOU to be influential? (Mine happens to be Steak???)
I wish.
Same here lol
CHECK OUT THE REAL D$MONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE ON #DATPIFF.COM EMAIL
IBFF takes place May 10th at ! After party at Native Foods on Belmont! Schedule and ticket info will be posted soon.
thank you Sweetie :o)
Totally agree! I so excited.
Men: Never raise your hands around kids, it leaves your groin unprotected
loll im so done , i literally laughed out loud when i saw that !!!!!!!!
Excellent dinner tonight at Bistro Vendome. Big endorsement for #ASTD2012 attendees!
"Well, my conclusion is: ______________." Remember what movie this is from? Fill in the blank!
They call me mellow yellow
#YouKnowBritneysALegend when her name alone makes pop music relevant.
it's ok :( wish you could!!
Oh jeez!! RT Just spoke to 11-13 yr olds at about the making of
Follow Friday for my Ad:Tech co-panelists:
I don't have to babysit today god bless
RT : About 75 ppl showed up 4 neighborhood canvassing walk today. Gr8 turnout 4 a gr8 candidate! Perfect weather
4th i think
I lost count on how many times I've seen the HIV presentation
Went to car show today. Most new cars suck. Horrible blind spots, uncomfortable seats, no head room, and no fricken cup holders.
The one exception being it is awesome seeing Will Forte back.
our weekly Mad Men cocktail has me trying lots of bourbon.
Enjoying the Twitter world with
Sweet...you can tune a piano...
Is so sore from the quads.
RT : #youknwyouyoung if u don't knw suck yo own juices of yo man lips wen he gave u some bomb ass head.some freaky shit
You can die at any moment. keep your heart sharp.
balance, success, peace, and harmony!
hey Ariana! Hope you're having a lovely night :*
If you had to follow an organization on twitter, facebook, or their blog which social media outlet would you choose? Or which organization?
I have been and hope to go this year!! It's so funny seeing tons of doxies in one place :)
hey girl, I'm so sorry about what happened. Text me if you need anything <3.
Happy Birthday to my amazing and talented brother
REAL stinky men...Do girls really like a guy that doesn't shower.... robert pattinson apparently doesn't and doesn't wash his hair...
Anyone going to the Selena show in Salem? September 5th. No opener. ugh.
ooh, looks like it's NOT going to rain this evning!
Sometimes i wonder how my life is about to take a 360... Im scared but also ready to face anything that comes my way wit pride!
u told rickey dn't come for me HA!!
We've found safe harbor in a local line. These people haven't seen what we've seen.
No sir... Thank U! 4 being a great pro, for being a hero to myself & many others. 4 being a man worthy of looking up to!
We are 2. Just saw him play a few weeks ago :'( RT : RIP Levon Helm - Playing The Band for the rest of the day here in the office.
pop off
Looking forward to announce the winner of two tickets to Midwest fashion week event on October 22nd.
To go to austin
hahah boy were we wrong!!! "ive spilt water on myself three times now"
you're better at this twitter thing than me
So we've settled on a house, now to make the offer!
Gossip Girl!! asdfsdgdfg
lets fucking go!!!!! “: north america you are up first. get ready. #BELIEVEtour next week! LEGGO”
Your future is waiting to be spoken into existence by you. Get to talking!
looks awesome
yes! So I've heard haha :) still can't believe the story you told me about Carlos haga
eat your food and grow up hun or go play on the playground
No problem. We have given tours to lots of Drexel students and staff!
TONIGHT: Come see us at Pineapple Jacks at 10. 485 Spencerport Rd. in Gates. Tons of new tunes. And Diggler may take off his shirt, too!
#ImA Christian and proud of it #Team_God <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
We've been waiting to see if this congress will do anything constructive for the American people. Oh never mind... you're not a fetus
I think #spurs might be a better squad without Modric. There, I said it.
Feeling brave? Break out of your comfort zone and try our carrot raisin salad.
Yea I'm Winning because you are losing
I see his douchebaggary knows no bounds MT : Jonathan Papelbon is now referring to himself in the third person as "Cinco."
it's milky. follow me please so i'm not so bored while i'm working :(
#UNCA YOU did well playing against 8.... Congratulations... #Syracuse will get theirs Against
thank you Sara :)
Fact #1: don't give the football players water when they're mad:S
I've only posted two images so far on Pinterest so I'm finding my way around as well.
hey baby its Alex... Sorry I can't talk to you deks prob told you why.. Uhm I don't get my stuff back till tomorrow but I love u
surely he likes Glen Campbell.
always a good sign when #GOP frontrunner says Deep South is "an away game"
Yep. No contact with the knee injury. “: is Vontae Jackson on campus?”
Sorry you couldn't make it out! Hope the live tweets were enough! Props to your 'Cuse brothers who took home trophies
she is(;
You're just saying that to make me feel better.
In NYC for HeatKnicks AND Caps+Rangers.. Sat next to Lebron + Dwayne @ Lavo.. Great biz trip..
Signing today from 11am to 5pm at the Kemah Boardwalk with Books on the Bayou
Listening to wind outside. I think my apartment is just a few moments away from taking flight!
I could get to know you, take my time, and show you. Don't tell anybody what we do. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
FB has suspended The TROMA TEAM ability to request friends for 30 days, do to requesting to many friends that FB recommends.
I feel like I haven't been to work in the longest time
"…to know, and by knowledge to lift up the mind from the dungeon of the body to the enjoying his own divine essence…"
It was easier when I wrote my dissertation (in complete isolation) How do I reconnect with people outside of education?
Hey world I haven't been on my twitter been on my group one please go follow for me and MB they support use u should to ;) <3
-_- He needs to pick upp!
if the question is wanna fuck, then yes. yes i do.
I was hoping you saw that :)
Lazy sunday
now we're cookin with gasoline haha
Oh, yeah. Coffee.
it's ok he hates everyone! I txted him the night of formal and told him to have fun and he didn't answer me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
-Be For I Kill SomeBoby!
Instead give to yourself that which empowers you
We haven't had snow since '99!! But the mountain are capped!
Who would you rather work for? The GSA for the perks or the Secret Service for the prostitutes? Be honest?
Absolutely! Let us know how it goes if you decide to take a Zipvan for a spin.
Nothing is better than Monday morning class cancelled <3333333
naw the lack gas eating my Lil ass up. But I'm upgrading bro. Boss shit
Late to first period like always.
Hoax alert! Watch out for Fake Google Lotto winner notification. the Attachement is fake. Just delete, Google does NOT run a lotto.
What it is that makes me tick
Hello peeps
i need to learn french. that way, when kiddos ask if i know it, i can say yes :)
you made me smile! Haha goodnight handsome! :)
That's my bro! RT : Fat girl just used the the phrase "almost shit myself" 2 describe how bad something was.
k link plzz
Ah, Chopped. Or as it was originally known as, Whoever Screws Up Less Wins.
Personally I liked the little sponge cakes with jam, but I remember others lunging for the faux Twinkies. :)
when will we see the tf700/701? I want that transformer infinity!
And please help
just want it to be summa
Now I get why you're dating! You're both whores. (:
Stay focused on the end result and nothing will stop you!
It's over. We're on our way home.
So why did One Direction's album debut at number one when the Wanted's album can barely hold on in the iTunes top ten?
get down to Union Square...
Why do people Retweet old tweets?
i wish they would just kill me instead.
#Live #Auction at Society. #Film Posters, #IPAD2. All proceeds benefit the Denver Film Society! 11-4pm 2510 E Colfax St
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Waiting for green!
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring. ~Rog ...
follow history in the makin
Midnight is nearly upon us, and with it comes 4/15. THANK YOU for an amazing day. We'll make sure the Milwaukee positivity continues!
DID AN AMAZING JOB TONIGHT<3 BEST CONCERT EVER!
Great first day at #BGSD with , and of course Hubert and Elliott!
If you are in the California junkyard, then look for the man with the silver pan for some sweet delicious pie!
Wthh...okay then.
08/19/2011 - Willowbrook Mall accommodates shoppers with extended hours for Tax-Free Weekend Texas 's Tax-Free Weekend 2011 is Friday,
I don't drink, beer smells like piss, but Twisted tea is ahole lot different...
I do birthdays big!! Ice cream, cake, and the apocalypse!!!
love yah to! And what?!?!
Me: do u have a smoothie with strawberries and bananas Her: yes strawberry banana
All I want right now is devil dogs ! ( didn't get my fix last night )
Part of the early keepers date was your and 's suggestion. I actually didn't care. You could have kept him and chose not
Quotes from clients along the way "I want to thank you both from the bottom of my heart and keep being inspirational :) x0x0x0:) ""
Hope all the #mnleg watchers had a pleasant late night/early morning. Getting caught up on twitter from overnight...awfully testy
I freaking love peanut butter<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
#Educause10 "you're smart. You have to go sit in a room" let's stop sending this message.
Ladies we have to be strong,stick together,and support one another
I wish I could just magically levitate #atbab from the store to my house.
hope I get that teacher next year!!
TRAFFIC: Crash - Whitney Way - just south of the beltline, delays
Get both the biggest one they have and the smallest one. Think outside the box.
afterglow in an evening/light and dark are one/full moon/clear air/cool breeze/sensuous star twinkles/from a world's night without end -ess
*sigh* some people never change. Bullet dodged :)
i agree with you :)
President Kerwin's Fall Semester Update e-mail just came in. What would you like to see us report on further?
Nominating when traveled
Work is a mess today. Other than that, I'm good :)
was amazing tonight at #Americagottalent ,Her voice is just incredible and she definitely has a huge talent!!
Wow it's freezing today! Can't wait for summer!
I hate doing presentations on something I completely disagree with. Preaching against weed with my rasta nails? Yep.
hang in there Bob! We've tasted your baking and we give you an A+!
I NEED encounter again
we need to re-connect re:
We will be sharing tips from the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics "Get Your Plate In Shape" page!
Wanna freak out? = Google maps, type: 47.110579 9.227568, click the green arrow, select more then go to Street View. Go up two & left twice.
In The Hospital :'(
Just west of Mobile and the country station is playing Alabama!
great idea. Added a special tune for Instagram. Guess which one. ;)
hahaha thanks for the pic! That's gotta be in the hood right?
The judge at traffic court just completely botched a joke about me wearing skinny jeans. I laughed anyway.
did u hear a perfect mess?
i liked Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter for about the first 3/4 of it. he seems to run out of steam with his concept.
Thank you for the follow and support! Enjoy your day!
A lot of #Clippers hate from one last night. I LOVE IT.
It's 2012 N were still passing amendments 2 ban same sex marriages? NC get it together#IseriouslyDONTunderstand#It'saViolationOfHumanRights.
we still have a few promo code "MARCHMADNESS" left! Hurry and get them before it's too late!
is there a way to import all transactions into my account, not just the ones from 2012???
Loved The Punk Syndrome and Tchoupitoulas today at #hotdocs Check out the films tom night!
Everything becomes official on facebook
drink? I'm ready, where are you?
I'd love that haha(: and I'm sure my brother would too.
Are you going to Spring Swing this Friday? Join us for swing music, dancing, adult beverages, friends AND support ! All for $10.
The Political Party IN THE MINORITY shld be "the loyal opposition" NOT the #"DisloyalTreasonousParty" or #GOP"goofballsOnParade"
Why didn't you drink out of Leno's mug last night?! ha
Any word on USA vs Canada?
Just finished up a 15 mile bike ride. Fatigued from yesterdays 25 miles.
Don't arrive to the show at 8AM if that's when it starts. Always arrive early to set up and be prepared for the day.
Interesting given recent historians' work on sensory and aural history--more attention being paid to what people *heard*.
Even more awkward: some girl just thank you as she was passing the register and I didn't know why so I didn't say anything back.
She said she wanna take her skirt off I said be my guest, I decided to take my shirt off and show my chest
Weed Word Soup - wear a cool colorful list of marijuana terms on your t-shirt
interviews? Awesome. Best in biz. Rest of show? Not as much. Then again he actually has a radio & tv show so he wins.
Grind hard.
This week's #AdventuresoftheSoupTraveler #newsletter will be released tomorrow - if your not on the distribution list please send m a tweet!
Happy Thanksgiving!! Eat lots of turkey and pumpkin pie!
“: If you on the "low" it aint real .”
Oh my gosh.. What is my mom watching on TV right now...
very cute!
Just tried the Vein Viewer at #ASCO11 www.veinviewer.com it's awesome I Love it !!!
dude your tweets are on another level, never delete them. Make a book of your Tweets in T-3 yrs from now.
Applebee's kicks ass.
is off to bed knuckle-heads! Still gotta work tomorrow!
Another self-proclaimed hit single? Really?
I bet your right. lol!
28 years of Parties for the Off The Street Club! Come on Kids we are ready for you
alrigh I got you
when tweets blow up my phone << #nooffense i love you girl!
Idcc Imaa Dye My Hair In The Weekend !
I should have 36 points for the give me your hand promo but she wrote six haha whoops
In the mist of all the love I give && recieve, the hate showers. Lol
Wow, she's on a roll. "On 6th street, it's like a mardi gras for the college children."
how you doing Davan?
thanks hanna! :) miss you!
its really yummy actually!
Just emailed to see if he'll give a lecture at Berkeley. Does someone actually read those form emails? Fingers crossed!
I hate being at the lightrail with hella ignorant ass ppl trying to tlk to me.... Ugh.
Just had a successful talk with on the early ride home from school...hopefully it helps!
is creepin, i can feel it !
Lmfao Purrfect the cat... okay then.
You're welcome! Hope they come in handy.
man ill #DonkeyKong/Eastside stomp yo ass talkn all dat #Cray shit (old me)......hey Chase! How can I assist you :-) (new me)
it's the heat.
It's a big fat cup of coffee kind of morning
I know, I know. 75 percent of the response to Hank Aaron's announcement has been "my speaker sucked!" :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!! hahaha....
“: RT “: I could go for some pie :P” you should ask Annie for some :)” especially that pear/blueberry one! Yum!
Still dying to see , and
Ibanez may fizzle later...but right now he is helping the team stay afloat...ride him out...!
Tommy just said "everything becomes Irish once you throw a flute in it"
Was the opening text of Blade Runner as much of an inspiration for Moon as I suspect?
Smfh for real
Oh no no no Ms. Salpeter. You have to take the whole deal. 25 is 25. Inexperienced, idealistic, and foolish :)
Good morning! I hope everyone has a great Monday!
I can't believe I'm going out in public looking like a train wreck...
challenges - finding time to work on implementation, testing and data cleanup in addition to normal work
My 40 pound Kindergartner son broke his first board at Tae Kwon Do this week. Strangely, I'm still not very intimidated by him.
And that will be just in the booking room with the correction officers. Wait until they put you in with the inmates.
I'm good! How are you?
Laying on the sofa watching lifetime movies dozing off and on trying to shake this sickness
And you best believe I'm watching "All That" right now
Word RT : should really talk to and
Shock collars
Lots of events to look forward to next week! In the US, Boston's #cable12 -- & in Dublin,
as long as you didn't see a blue screen all is okay!
I'd much less rather eat a nasty McDonald's chicken nugget.
Dark Shadows has been #AA approved by #AA2!!! ;)
Lets get it KG
You in the room? Let's make a plan.
been for a zest and it was horrible
Awww I can't stop looking at the pictures from yesterday! I LOVE EVERYONE <333333
Newspapers are the new yahoo
New York City subways are now getting high-speed Internet. How about some high-speed subway trains?
I remembered she promised once now she say I can't promise u......... do girls really forget what they say that fast
Kind if into the fact that Cranbrook is in the news for all the wrong reasons...
Hm... thanks to Netflix I can now watch either Left Behind or Married... With Children. Decisions, decisions.
Madden live
The common characteristics of people make a community possible, but it is their uncommon qualities that make it better. John H. Fischer
off you to death..
Sounds (and looks) delicious!!!! Yummy!!!
All i can say for the LSU vs Bama game is WOW such a good game
Favorite part of Social Media is how we can interact w others building relationships n friendship, while helping other
Pretty sure I saw Eric Idle in his convertible almost run some jaywalking-lady over.. I love LA.
well i havent prank called u duude like i swear....... and i do no meehhbe where that came from . prankdial.com
Right before I die, I'm gonna to say to whoever is next to me, "I left a million dollars in the..." ;)
": #14369 I love you so much. Thank god for Alli and Cody bringing us together!" Love you too! And ikr?<3
Don't forget to donate to the M.D.A Telethon. If your in Phoenix, call (602) 277-3003 or Toll Free 1-800-790-0498.
the maine is posting tour dates this week !
Me either until I read it just now! Thought of the artist who couldn't get a visa (maybe confused for a real luchador)
Great convo with the ladies tonight, the best thing that stuck out from our convo is .. "How ya gonna move on still holding on to something"
My truck just turned 50,000 miles! <OVER THE LIMIT12>
I will!! I'll DM people too(:
i like u too
(1907) “The local newspaper...listed the captain and quarterback as Lowell “Two-gun” Thomas.”- Lowell Thomas
Did a new photo shoot today! Now in the editing stage...
Momentum shift in Omaha. Timeout couldnt have come at a better time for Trob.
Huff (Rep Leader) jabbing at Steinberg (Dem Leader): "We still have a $9.2b problem." Yes, that is why we need to pass Gov initiative!
And of course the rest of the cast why why why why does have to such a suspensful awesome show??????
in short, no one knows. :)
Perhaps you're listening to too much The Edge?
Living earth. Community. Encounter. Expression. At NMAI.
Happy Monday! May we all have a productive week ahead!
Build up an emotion, heart rate up, no tension Teach yourself 2 say "down boy" with tension. Press toe in left shoe 2 get rid of all tension
Mom just told Roxi (dog), "This is why you don't have friends. You're so embarrassing." 5 mins earlier mom saw a snake, screamed & ran away.
well hello chica! When I your next trip stateside? I'm thinking about visiting Italia soon w/ the bird. Hope all is well :)
I've been really impatient today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>.
delete "to subsidize event cost"-replace w/"for event"-delete "in exchange for"-replace w/"You get". Just suggesting.
I'm just a bird, I'm just another bird!
one of the reasons you have a phone is to answer it bro
Father's Day is around the corner. What would you like us to offer? Taking all ideas for car detailing, cosmetic repairs etc.
Fresh attacks target symbols of Syrian state power - Fox News
So come on put your hearts up yeah, come on put your hearts up yeah, if we give a little love maybe we can change the world <3
What is the difference between a white owl and a black owl? A white owl goes, "Who, who," a black owl goes, "Who dat? Who dat?
"He who would travel happily must travel light." Antoine de Saint-Exupery
If she's lonely now, she won't be lonely long!!
It's all on you buddy boy!
finally Found my Favorite pic of Bran . check out my profile and see starz u too Brandy , thanks Jeff Riedel .
did i really just say "finna"
he is from Merrillville?? NICE
#mims12 final projects are starting in 2 minutes! The excitement is palpable.
The Hellraiser remake is going for a PG13 rating?!? Why don't they just call it Heckraiser while they're at it.
When you are mean and talk about people watermelons fall.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Our government is syncing more computers every day. Out-of-state child support orders FLY into Texas now.
#nsta12 needs an app for scheduling, maps, evals, etc.
love reading your emails everyday. great insight :) Keep em' coming!
congrats. Hope i see you at aam
I heard right, yes? That was an "O" from the crowd?
Thanks for RT, Preston!!
listening to bringing back some good memories
Open for business.
Ditto! RT Way past my bedtime but a great night! More fun in a few hrs at
If you knew me man, I don't really worry about a nigga tryin to Judge, who are you, Judy?
LMAO 50 Cent and Justin Bieber has been trending all day..
yea thats why we got Obama
RT : Do NOT lower your standards to "KEEP" anyone. Make them meet you at YOUR level. Self respect is POWER.
“: Thank you! I hope we can reconsider. Options available now. #medlibs” I think MLA is always reevaluating meeting sites. :)
Time Warner Cable service disruption in my area. No wifi and cable TV. Please send him
#Be careful what you say to someone today. Because tomorrow they may not be there. And you can't take it back.
Planning for a meeting needs to happen before EVERY meeting
how did we do??
Roses are red. Violets are blue! Faces like yours belong in the zoo. Don't be mad I'll be there too, not in the cage, but laughing at you.
Orono wins. Sure was a good game. Think I'll stay and watch Hopkins and EP.
I'll try not to!
yea I see lol
while they may be having some moderate success with social media, they are failing in all other aspects!
#deadcat “: And then my cat shit INSIDE my camera bag and ON my 50 1.4 and he sealed his fate.”
WTF?. My twitter is being stupid D:
Going to #threelionspub for the #loudmouthsoup show! Be there!
I knew and the other sharks would front on that Cougar gimmick. Good for them
Individuals control their behavior in order to control the behavior of others.
hahah way to go. You probably learned more at breakfast than we ever will in that class anyway.
LOL. You're wild. Too funny.
Thanks Bro.
Writing is the flip side of sex – it's good only when it's over. -- Hunter S. Thompson
Is Dwight Howard going to go or stay?
I hope theres a Gnarls Barkley album this year... that would make my year!
Offensive POY IS different. Alex Rodriguez in TX was best off plyr but not MVP because other players made their team better
Thanks for sharing the #SunStandStill quote. Have a blessed day and weekend. ^staff
i have to be in harlem by 7 am
Anyone know anything about the band All the Empires of the World? I can find little to no info on them, but they kick ass.
Best Western in downtown is the best "economy" hotel. You wouldn't have to rent a car. Close to everything!
No more interim spending bills . Cut US spending now. Adopt a budget and cut the ENTIRE $61 B. Time to do what is right.
RT : The NM Branch of SAG is hosting a SAG Awards Viewing Party on Sunday, January 29th at the Uptown Sports Bar! All......
The eagles have flown the coop. But this looks interesting, a live African Safari Cam. www.africansafaricam.com
I didn't get a note from you wtf
i just woke up and thought ITS MY MOTHA FUCKIN BIRTHDAY
The fat chick I brought home from the bar last month stole it.
For anyone in Philadelphia...pick up soccer at 6pm on 40th and Locust (the field across from Greek Lady)
Will you keep the monuments to Charles Nelson Riley and Kristen Chenoweth?
This Sunday we discuss Living in Spirit's Purpose
"When we the military youth of America come back home, we will need the help of the civilian population to rebuild a country that is in cris
Reunited with my boy Neako haven't hungout in a week lol
i want to be in #ABDC7 they would easily win this
#Heat take the series over the #Knicks in 5 games.
great movie the artist it did deserve the best spot. Lived it
"Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase." ~~Martin Luther King, Jr.
they do?
i'm happy to give you hand if you'd like.
Yeah! Thank you
yes ma'am, Texans for life.. Till you play for the skins
YES! : I wouldn't miss a ! How 'bout you?
Small Circle No New Niggas
I know I'll get a good grade because my teacher literally beat everything into my head, but it's AL over my facebook atm.
When pandora plays the exact song you needed to hear to feel better.
THANK YOU to everyone who join us for our opening launch in person (and in spirit from faraway). We enjoyed meeting all of you!
Going to academy after school today. Yay.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
« Praise God for another day!! if you're breathing, that's enough to thank Him. =)»
Great meeting you this weekend ! Now I can finally believe Matt when he says he has a legitimate job... I was starting to wonder
I look up to the sky and now the world is mine I've known it all my life I made it, I made it!
This episode of #MadMen is truly surreal.
New episode of Genuine Ken today... don't miss!
If they offer him, he's said in the past he'll definitely commit.
YES I AM!
So, don't open any DM's from me. They aren't really from me. I got hacked into :(
No sense of arguing with folks that are not where u are mentally or spiritually in life...just keep it moving...
Just be f***ing happy people
Getting a massage - badly needed after having been rear-ended by someone talking on his cell phone...
Houston looks awfully frustrated out there
RT : Call Me Maybe is the perfect way to start the day.
Congrats on the funding. We're excited to see what the future will bring for you!
I am not sure why Bogost requested that his talk not be streamed.
Thanks for the RT!
I have some students available for you.
General principles for USDE and TEA/#txlege similar. Devil in the detail's when it comes to taking the $$$.
turn the page. wash your hands. repeat.
Warn your friends if they sent you a DM saying "When I found this about you" with a link - they've been phished.
i work ALL weekend.
“: Celebrating a found treasure with BIL ” Won't be taking the wedding ring off so frequently anymore!! Sheesh!
Anybody woke up at 4am? I did today...now I'm worn out.
trying to get to bed early for once. completely shattered. although not successful since im on here. almost finished italian hw then
Can't ever see you the same after this one... RT : The #bieb is cooler than the other side of the pillow.
Testing an Android antivirus option for enterprise. It's been scanning SD card contents for 10 min. On a phone that has no SD card....
ahaha true true
true, all depends I guess...also looks like they jumped at the chance to hire an 'attractive' girl as well
look at you!! #HeadWomanInCharge! We need to plan for a date in the near future so we can meet and hang out!
Somebody SNAGGED ma GUCCI bagg shyt all folded n no damn bag to packum in
no dnt go without me ^.^
RT Looks like I'm going to planning a college night and a battle of the bands at The Haven! Any bands interested??? hit me up!
Psyched on the outcome.
as long as bio links r directed back your personal site/biz, by all means send over the info at :)
can't wait to rock out with you guys tonight at Fireday with !
Haley schooled the Durbinator tonight on stage presence and goes without saying perfect pitch.
I like it :) looks good
#milwaukee Rock Salt pallet for only $4.99/bag-50LB bags. 49 bags to a pallet and FREE SHIPPING! You can't beat that.
are u in love
I can't stand people who whine abut not having a love. first of all, u should stay young while u r a teen. always live life to its fullest
at the pike party listening to your fav song ! You should be here
thanks for including me in your daily :)
Would a Harry Kallas baseball be meaningful to people outside of Philly?
Keep up the good work. Thanks for the RT's!
Sleeping makes traveling time seem shorter
I was just bout to hit u up when I tweeted that!! Lol
": My bday Buddy!!! Watz Good boy?? Happy bday to u to!!!! RT happy birthday man"(imgud n thx)
Northside bound for a couple of days!!!
So wanna go out..ugh
Hm, when should i upload.....:P
Now I'm kicking myself all the more for not getting to 'Mongers before they sold out.
is it hard raising kids being in the lime light?
Looking good! Thanks for coming. :)
I'm confused, I'm not in vegas I'm in LA, weather is sick, 82 in this Bitch! I get back Thur. tho womp womp.
Come and enjoy your evening @ Kettner Night Art Walk tonight from 6 to 9! We will be there:):)
As much as I love being here with my niece and nephews, I'm ready to get my long list of things to do started.
Wind and Snow coming up this weekend! Welcome to Northern Nevada where "SPRING" means SNOW!!
No one ever gets tired of loving. But everyone gets tired of waiting, assuming, hearing lies, saying sorry, and hurting
Kirsten. Look at shoes by Think. They have wonderful colors.
Lol...these high school kids nowadays..much to learn
YOUR MOM!
Ok, well SOMEONE had better bring to PDX. I need to see &
RT : "RT Lmfaoooo: keep dreamin then lol RT “: My dream is to play with the new york yankee. <U+2665><U+2665>”"
my friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the empire state..
Kobe It's Lebron & Kevin Durant Time To Shine You Had Yo Years!
Other than experience and knowledge of our industry, we absolutely seek out people with good character-hard to find these days!
stomach grumbling, that sounds so good...
Just spotted a guy playing a keyboard from atop a white schoolbus at a gas station; not sure where rest of band was.
Welcome to 2012 tweet plugs!!! Let's go!!
im sorry i have no recolelction what we were talkin bout; :T hope it worked out tho? how have you been, tell me bout urself?
staceys mom has it going on.;
San Diego has coolest July in 77 years. Where is Al Gore now?
Im from san Antonio now living in Denver. Spurs Nuggets tonight GO SPURS GO
is Spring Cleaning something fierce. Gonna sell a lot of stuff. Anyone for a slightly used violin? I have one. Posting pics soon.
road-Fuji, mtn-Scott. My gf has a new Specialized racer that I covet. Not familiar with Look
can you follow me back Natalia. thanks xoxo :-)
Thanks for the shout-out, Sassy Girls!! It's appreciated.
Always a lot of hope for the Skins in April. Maybe can make us believe in January.
Date with destiny and MCAT books $$$
#MJ I understand, but #KobeBryant........WHOMP Hell No!!! he not better than Labron James
I appreciate that the acronym of Statute of Limitations accurately reflects the reality of not abiding by it.
At the MIA airport catching a preview of 's upcoming Silicon Valley special on CNN. Way to go Wayne and crew!
And then there was me..... fun night.
I see a lot of Beastie Boys in my listening weekend.
"don't let them piggyback on your shit" hahah
People in th hallway are soo slow
Great app!!!! Great tweet!!!
you are not part of the community that believes in the American Dream then
#chipotle demons racing out of your asshole.
Maintain your blogs!!!
Could Stand to Hear Candidate speech right about now! Do you guys do reruns on those ?
Oh man... every minute feels like an asthma attack. Must remember to breathe.
oh yea, you're Christian?
#SiNoFueraPorTwitter is great for practicing conditional tense. What an educational choice of trending topic, Guatemala!
I just got to see the trailer for the "mystery gig"...gotta say, life is good. Life is very, very good!
At hoopfest. the biggest 3 on 3 tourney in the world... i think
Chilling with the kids from the rella music video
aha what are u then a 8th grader? Lol
Oushet!! SAN ANTONIO TX HEA WE GO!!!
Finals everything's done ... On to the next chapter of my life
Haley Hopkins leads things off with a home run over the left field wall to extend USA's lead to 6-1.
Punch yourself? ..Bawhaha. (; And Idk, he said Hunger Games (again) because it's the second longest behing Titanic.
A tight hug can do so much for someone that's hurting.
Hey, Jen! I noticed a few of your tweets about Pinterest analytics. Would love to chat w/ you about
CHECK YOUR DMS
Pourin up. Hold up.
Actors! Please send us samples of your sides! We are working on a new feature to enter your lines :) send to
Thanks for the follows
Well, to be fair some of it he just thinks. It couldn't help but compare him a little to Adrien. Is that bad?
went go see the hunger games today with my friend i had so much fun and the movie was awsome
did they also hold a finger up & say something dire into the phone like "no I think it's in the cabinet with the spices" ugh
A new book in "A Song of Fire and Ice" series out today, but "The Chronicles of Prydain" is still a classic. When did you last read them?
Zae talks about everything.
Girl you better bring it okay ! you better be there by 1:00 okay so you can be the first one there (:
I would really like to meet someone who thinks it's ok to text during a play. I honestly want to know what your thoughts are.
just voted for you, there was no better choice, you are gorgeous #travelsize!
Np. It's very tranquil :)
yeah, I was bummed to learn that it wasn't the one that I had hoped.
Somedays, even the lab equipment says "FUCK IT".
Gonna be moving soon:(
I always keep Tums in the house.
i hope its a good show april wine
Off the Henne buzzing like a MF
only if we can hi-five during!
Thank you to the Young Patrons who joined us at last night's annual April Fools' reception. We appreciate your support and enthusiasm.
But I'm realizing though that students need to learn basic web design to know how a reader "reads" a website to do digital history
Well this has a been a fun day off! I'm ready to go back to school!
At the Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge of Maryland's Emancipation day program.
Follow us on :bleedblackband
#Latina tweeters that matter
I got as far as taking the vacuum out of the closet. Didn't actually vacuum anything, but I think it's a pretty good first step.
Joy's a flame in the palm of the open & humble. Clench the hand tight, point fingers to self and this snuffs out joy.
It was good to meet you too. I am always down for meeting a fellow music lover.
elected mayor is an idea which has failed to capture the public imagination
sarajevo day.
Halo reach playing it up. :)
stop you complain about it all the time
Thanks Dave, glad you and your wife had a great time!
Ready for Timeline for pages on the mobile devices.
im tired of these stupid damn jokes!!
Idk :( But I feel sorry for her, she lost 5K followers!!! I'm trying to warn people about it. who nos i might be paranoid! ha
Tonight I might fulfill a tradition for the first time in my life as a Filipino man: to get into that damn karaoke stage and sing! lol
Yeah no kidding thank you for the heads up! Much appreciated
agreed... I see it and hate it everyday.
RT : 's Sam Worthington applauds 's work with gender and USAID Forward at #ACFVA meeting
its been off the air for a while, i think #IFC has it now.total
You're about to make a huge mistake but I'll let you make it
2:30PM Free Concert in Fountain Park "Igor’s Jazz Cowboys"; then 4:00PM at the Community Center it's the Fountain Hills Community Chorus...
Anthony Thigpen: the 99% must move from organizing for resistance to organizing for power!
FOLLOW ME
That is the stupdist walgreens commercial I've ever seen
it's an app called "simi simi" (;
or Matt Cassell
That feeling when you really miss someone <<
Those were the days! Find yourself on a competition that brings you back to Atlanta.
keep me updated..
I was right by the way -- average milwaukee metro area gas went up another penny today... that's a new record again!
: final chapter of GoDJKemo's B Day wknd ends tonite
Just saw a commercial for Perkins. They were highlighting the fact they make their omelettes fresh to order. God, I would hope so!
He has it! Possession. Move those chains!
I cant believe we're going to lose a series to the sox. Oy.
You too!!!
So crushed didn't follow me! Got the feeling he will never notice me! But he taught me to
First game of the night at and I won 1000 tickets!
“You are not a helpless victim of your own thoughts... rather a master of your own mind.” ~Louise Hay... HAPPY THOUGHTS. It's almost Friday!
Eminem. THE SHIT.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat. -Napoleon
ScentSations is having a grab "box"sale. A great deal on essential oils, lotions, body wash, and bath salts. Contact me for details.
The rain in #Houston was #worththewait. I hope we'll see some in #Austin soon! Until then water those #trees!
We don't wanna know who gave you head
We will see, a lot of talent in the wings. I am a bit disappointed that Soony hasn't got more consideration
not if I shove a dick up ur ass first!
Sundance made me remember my path. Less superficial, more substance. Also, im just as good as all the hipsters making films at sundance.
This thunder sounds like there is a huge thing walking among us.
now that sounds like 1 good ass taco!
I wish i was an only child!
Just realized today, I'm lactose intolerant. I'm still going to eat ice cream :D
thats why is #MVP not #PrinceJames. MVPs make* & take* clutch shots. Tough series against the mavs on deck
Accidently skipping econ because of the writing assessment schedule..
One of my favorite movies is Limitless
I want to invite you to my church, Chris. Come to w/ an open mind & see what it's like. You'd be surprised!
kind of she keeps trying to get away, it's like she knows or something.
I wish would call me instead of Kim K.! :(
You make my heart beat faster :]]
“: I have no earthly boss - ”
Now a real possibility of Phoenix & New Jersey meeting in the Stanley Cup....... If no one watched, did it ever happen?
Last week was a major turning point.
is freaking amazing!
Just had stuff thrown at me.. cool. Why don't you grow the fuck up? You're in high school.
Because I have loved life, I shall have no sorrow to die.
Hell no! Lol
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Now for something completely different: "shared bib clean-up." *rolls up sleeves, pops knuckles, & logs into the catalog*
Ross: ommodification of console video games - hardware modding - compared to car modding as practice and social-historico logics
Dogs are exhausting enough. No idea how people handle multiple children.
so excited babies x
Anyone can help me get more followers?? Please help me! I promise I will follow back!
Ur the harmony to every song I sing!<U+E03C>
About that time i suppose
Now buenos noches. Love ya from me and Lina
They have scooters! Grown men with scooters on the train! That explains everything I just overheard
Idk just a headache D:
1. make dismissive comments that offend many 2. get twitbombed 3. close account, move to tumblr. sound familiar?
Comparison tool estimates loan payment and how many $50 textbooks it equals. Nice touch. $367/month = 8 $50 textbooks/month
It's a day of stabbiness. The readers may not be overwhelmed but the writers are...
This friday night went by fast! Wtf?
Topics 4 year old wanted to discuss on commute today: the water cycle, magnetism, climate change. Love this kid!
your welcome!
Never. Unless you're an alcoholic.
so happy to be back in #Dallas, no more traveling for a while!
smoking people in words with friends.
RT: Brittany Norwood stared straight ahead, showed no reaction as jury found her guilty of first degree murder. pyscho...
“: Anyone want to answer this? RT : What are the softest 2-5 NL games in Vegas?” WSOP in 30.
Total shame top #Rutgers admins aren't fighting the loss of their only presence in SNJ .
Hey and Love you guys. That is all.
Happy Star Wars Day!
figure out who's going to the show tmrw. A few juniors are going. My bud Kennedy will be there to greet ya with tix.
More bad news for the Brewers. Alex Gonzalez torn ACL. Probably done for the year along with Mat Gamel and Narveson. Ugh!
Going 2 dream about finding my equal creative partner in business. Got some great ideas in my head.
come to Franklin park
You don't know sunburn peeling, until it is the entire top of your head.
bazooka slump land allmo gods?
Going to the SustainIndy Awards luncheon today. Congrats to the finalists!
I'm queen of sending boys texts that say, "entertain me, I'm bored."
thank you H!!! Can't wait to see you in NYC ;)
: Can we please stop calling them 'hipsters' and go back to calling them 'pussies? <~~~~~~ +1
I am an AmeriCorps alum
lol whoa!! Barely legal
Its going to be a big blue hell for cardinal fans all summer long. Luckily we will get some relief Sept 1.
In "theory", yes
Every day should start off with mangos for breakfast <3
to MAKE IT HAPPEN!!!
Loving the "how to get new lib users...baby shower" table talk. Love the networking!
such a good show!
ill masage it :) for you
Now, it is bed time for Hal.
How much wood would a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood?..say it really fast 10 times
Enjoy limousine discounts with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
#WaysToPissMeOff ~ when u ask me for a ride n u have me outside waiting for u over 10 min.
Yes i'm your friend..please stop breathing on me
": "that awkward moment when someone you hate is breathing"" Haha, yeah
(: haha how are you
haha. u wouldnt wanna cry in front of lover boi
what the hell are you guys even talking about, ESPN announcers?
Fresh out the shower !!! #GettinFresh!!
Vega Comm is attending Behind The Moon SocialNet After Hours Networking Event
Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Omg only 3 more weeks of school left! Summer 2012 and senior year are almost here!
You've got a great life. If you're wondering, yes, I'd accept an invitation to tag along next time. If I had to. I guess.
Filming,WOD's,roses--why I'm 25 min late for day 2. Being late worked out for me yesterday, so hopefully the streak continues!
I love 'Love Me'! Its so cute!Just like you!ur songs are adorable & u r good inspiration to other kids to follow their dreams!
Guy is A Virgin Its Okay, Guy is Not A Virgin He's Cool, Girl is A Virgin She's Scared Of Dick, Girl is Not A Virgin Shes A Hoe.
": Lights gone, days end."
Hey anytime just keep your head up
RT : I just seen pictures of you having sexual intercourse with a dog lmao <~~ LMAO!! Hey its been a while.
is moving schtuff around the house before work.
Sorry if I missed you yesterday, I was at the Twins game watching Liriano get crushed by the Royals
Wish would follow me!
With the best friendzz in michigan!!
I hear your complaints. Counter service is an option for you.
Mm. Beer.
SN: If you're rapping a lyric like,"I wish a nigga would," your voice isn't allowed to crack. Sorry, I didn't make the rules...
The second I heard my coworker's Gwen Stefani ringtone start playing I took out my phone to tweet about how embarrassed/sad I felt for her.
Do the new iphones have new tabs while on the internet...? Like being able to listen to youtube and look up clothes..?
“: (Retweet) If You Hate When People Take Your Texts The Wrong Way”
Big day for Lori on her way to June 5th primary; endorses for mayor, announces fundraiser hosted by Howard
hm.... *hands you a cinnabon*
love that movie
you should be on dancing with the stars <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><U+270C>
That is awesome. And therefore I'm immediately discounting all the tips I read from that PR link.
Haha. Good friend of mine from college is part of that team. Check 'em out! :)
1998 - The Yankees captured their 24th World Championship and ended up with a record of 125-50.
at least you spelled it correctly. Thanks
Guess who >:)
Rather be alone than lonely....
Follow follow we are open haha lol jb follow me
Hand washing...
Love the show! Hoping for at least another 101 episodes!
ME WANT IT
Oop, my computer's frozen... Never mind I just wasn't moving the mouse. lol
yep - woke up humming it!
Thanks for the comment and mention!
Go eat!!! Support local vendor!RT : Serving Big Nathans NOW -2pm TODAY A-1 Key Shop 4859 Poplar Ave
GOOD MORNING twitter Family!!!!
happy fall :)
It seems to me that most of the artists who complain about fans downloading their music for free are the ones who aren't worth listening to
Wild Wild East
OBAMA CONSORTS WITH AFRO-WEARING MUSICIANS WHO NOD TO BLACK POWER AND ENJOY TANTRIC SEX. And Fallon.
ta ai?
I hate forgetting my phone tho
Me & kids just dont mix. Im too impatient & impulsive.
I got #3WordsForYou .. I LOVE YOU <3
The whole world might not know, but they don't really with technology either. Her family or friends might know her story without digital
Ha ha. I've been having some DM moments lately, too, in my car.
the photographer of that photo is pretty awesome. If only I could have made them all smile...
Only One Georgia Bulldog Taken in First Three Rounds of NFL Draft: Fan&#39;s Take
I am most dominant in the bay!
Holy shit. #Avengers made $200.3 million this weekend?
my pleasure!
And last but not least, keep your ears perked up for Noel Coward's jaunty tune (Don't Put Your Daughter on the Stage) Mrs. Worthington."
ASB run-off elections are today. Don't forget to cast your vote - and tell us which race is most important to you.
EVERYBODY CLAP YO HANDS!
Dying of boredom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
did it really list him as one of the most dynamic people the PAC has ever seen??
Just discovered Thanks to LOVE LOVE LOVE everything on their site!!
Our Design Studio folks just launched the new redesign of the site, looking sharp!
Tomorrow, Cruise time for spring break
twitter is really making me mad today..... its all messed up!
Wednesday is the day of my interview. Register for this free call about Bob's new book - It's Not About You
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 58F OVERCAST
The raining day makes making music all natural. This album is going to rock!
Yes! He is announcing the date tomorrow, I'm so VERY excited!!! it is VERY SOON!
Excited about moving back home as announces today the launch of its next site: Des Moines.
Geeking out w/ #LiNC listening w/ - in the room, fellow #smm geeks i <3 it!
do u like seafood
I kind of hate that the only reason I watch that show is because of you
first day of video editing classes start today! What're you up to today?
RT : The fastest growing groups on LinkedIn are students & recent college grads
I can't believe I just clicked that link you sent me. It now feels like Monday morning and my weekend is ruined
Playing the #Clippers not like kissing your sister anymore. Unless your name is Dexter Morgan
Loe now pitching for
Drop wut ur doing n watch it now
RT : Looking forward to our visit with the peeps today. They're bringing lunch...cheeseburgers mayhaps?!
i love she's pro.
Ladies and gentlement hold on to your seats, the 2012 Screen Actor's Guild Awards are about to start!
I choose my classes on saturday :D
Thanks so much! RT : Hangin for the after turkey stuffing festivities. Cheers bitches!
yep, tomorrow ... assuming 11:30 is ok? email me pls w a good time to call mayra[@]ruizmcpherson.com
Motivation to clean up my music library: check. Motivation to do anything else: …
Another all-day 5 minute job ...
Sara?O:
I find the stories around the NCAA's so much more compelling than the games themselves (& the games r gr8).
I wish Trader Joe's deliver groceries... their stores in Boston are always jam packed and at least a 45-min drive away :(
We do! email:
Vine a la escuela de oquis
give her a call :]
Chris & Kurt have "a good vibe." ;)
If you want to increase #memory... try our memory bread... unless theres things you dont want to remember...
breaking out the new hampden league logo's tonite
Hahahaha look it up on YouTube for the fresh prince
Going Back to Theory, Told Nothing On Sale But Beaut Fall Fash Especially Cords Sweaters, Contemporary professional 212.5246790
As much as I am a technophile I find the presence of books comforting. Without books it doesn't feel like home. Digital just isn't the same.
I don't want to go to school >_<
RT Thanks for the RT!. No problem!
Janitor requests subway stop at Constellation Ave (req. tunneling under BH HS) because it would make it "so easy" for people to get to work.
ur a fucking fake so knock it off
Do you have agood auto repair story? We would like to give away free auto services to those with the most amazing story!
Now that I have put it out there, I will soon be at Bryce Canyon!! And I will find crystals when I get there! Believe/Know!
It is said that if we were to help the butterfly remove itself from the cocoon, it would not be strong enough to survive.
Next time look at that picture and think "balance". The corps needs you well rested tomorrow.
San Diego Region: Bayshore Bikeway Extends Mileage Through City of Chula Vista&#39;s Bayfront
hahaha i did for a while
RT : tonight with , Thursdays are great make sure to stop also open bar early.!!!
I agree… I'm a cheese grit fiend and those were extra special!!!
we enjoyed your films at El Cid WED night! Funny stuff!
#langchat, if you have some musically intelligent kids, they could write a song as the end of a PBL. Tons of free music creation websites.
#Now playing Us !
If the Pack have Courtney Upshaw on the board at #28 and don't take him, they are stupid.
I feel slow today.
OF COURSE I AM!!! its the day after my birthday :)
no phone -_-
McCarran's a zoo this morning.
(Not to each other, but to the 1st house/ASC.) Both of Mars' ascendants are linked to difficult places in the chart.
where ya headed girl?
I placed 2nd and will continue on to the division s contest. Just found out 1st place winner actually had 30 yrs experience.lol
Most small angiomas disappear after just one treatment; there are, however, some angiomas that may require more treatment .keloidsurvey.com
followed, follow back please? (:
No trash/recycling pick up tomorrow. Make up day is Saturday. City offices closed Friday but we will still be picking up trash & recycling.
you should tweet more often
were you properly served?
Did anyone know likes penis?!
sandwich not included ...
Their stage banter can't be topped.
"I shall go on shining as a brilliantly meaningless figure in a meaningless world." f. scott fitzgerald or hannah horvath?
we have huge things coming including a lyric video, our brand new 7 song EP a ton of shows in town and out of town. get excited!
Why did someone decide to put the crazy roundabouts on Hwy 12 outside Lk Delton? Signs are poor, area choked by confused drivers.Bad choice.
Down again?
sorry jeppa joes fans, i had to completely overhaul my propane stove unit...i will be back out Wednesday for sure (assuming it doesn't rain)
OMG! It was Nataia's! I was sending 2 her DR &nutritionist & my phone sent it to 300people viaText &emails.Some people were nasty
Matt Hardy arrested again...he's doing a bang up job auditioning for next seasons Celebrity Rehab
Let's see those workout pics! Tweet them to for a chance to win a KoreFit gift! The winner will be announced on Friday!
what day and time is the class usually?
Watching The Real Housewives of New Jersey with Viggle Sun | 10PM | Bravo HD Get real rewards just for watching TV.
The shit these teenagers wear I'm so glad I grew up in the 98-04 era.
. getting a guitar stuck in the window blind was the most rock n' roll moment of
": O h o h !". Wish I was there for that! Happy b day festivities!!! Love you pipi!
If you're always the smartest person in the room, you're probably always in the wrong room.
yeah.. keep up the good work.. I hope you make it big
Really? It's number 1 for so many weeks! It brought in the most dollars comparing to all other movies..
Thats what i get bein so nice all the time. Enough
eager to hear the adventures with blue tape
Glad I didn't put on *too* cute of an outfit. He picked a bar I don't like. You ladies understand what I'm saying.
Hey guys can you help me think of a really cute/unique way to ask someone to prom?? I'm helping my best friends boyfriend ask her(:
I am highly anticipating a completion date finally! September 1, 2012!
Need Chicago area tech writer, ASAP, for industrial service manual project. Interested? contact or 847.631.1299
WHO IS EXCITED FOR AUSTIN'S SUPRISE? :D
Does ABC give you a chance to make a case for S4 or do they leave you hanging until decision is made? You have a damn good case.
i want to rewatch all of the previous seasons of #AdventureTime. so. make it happen, twitterverse.
;o SAME!
"Fascination ends..."
Hi everyone! So glad to make it the #jennieoCFK twitter party!
Tonight we're having Graham Beck Brut Rosé, you?
the fan in my room is ma bifflez
thanks for joining! RT : #vol2012 #ofatraining great call. More "sales" training is good 4 people
Salem State playing?
So per your prior tweet, I can seriously contact Tessa Finch about my transmedia project(s)? Can I reference you?
Why is it so hard to buy things? The manufacturer sent me to a dealer, who only sells to distributors. Each one taking their cut, I bet.
you should try the 5 hour energy from stacker 2.
or it's golden. Wiz is whack as shit. It can't be that bomb Kanye booted it
No one is ever gonna love you more than I do.
No doubt, I will think of decades of action!!!!!
Those random talks with my best friend. Miss you, boo. <3
Nope, this legit blonde bitch is - BABY......It's me.
What u talkn bout NIGGA... its time to get it
Agree! My team in DC is pedaling this weekend w/a team in NY too-good luck to all! RT : Good luck in #CycleforSurvival !
Clemson Tigers 3/4 ' ‘I Heart Paw ’ Enamel Pendant – Sterling Silver Jewelry
Want to be the 1st to know about special events? Email with your name & email address to get the latest specials!
haha, oh well
watching Texas race and NFL
#StonerEthics stoners always um uh......... what was I doing again??
Agreed. So… bunch of lawsuits after, perhaps :(
Cold, hot or rain it's always a good day for a ride... And all rides are good...
NATURAL MEDICINE CABINET: • Band-aids • Gauze • Hydrogen Peroxide • Rubbing alcohol • Essential Oils: Tea Tree, Lavender, Peppermint
Hey , d'you have a copy of _Femininity and Domination: Studies in the Phenomenology of Oppression_, by Sandra Lee Bartky?
Baby what you want me to do?
“Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity.” - Voltaire
One of my favorite Astrud/Stan videos! Never get tired of watching this one...
I'm shootin a reality show in ny would love to have a camio :)
I love you soo much ium passin manhattan hope I c u
I hate it when my aunt comes over on mornings!.
There's a kid named Vinny who moved from Nj to our school. #ironic too bad he's in 7th grade
One week left of summer...any big plans for this week?
My NY Architecture prof quotes Edith Wharton from memory as part of his lectures...love it
Merry Christmas to you!
Backbend workshop Sat. 1-3 pm with for all levels
DC WATER reports 27th St NW b/w the westbound ramp of K St NW & Virginia Ave is closed to traffic for 6-8 hours due water service repairs.
#eluna09 Now e.g. of integrating library usage, user recommendations, ILL & funds data for collection dev., with links to vendors. Wow ...
Hi Guys wanted 2 let u know Family an Most friends r Fine I'm Blessed!!
Traffic here in Atlanta was worse than usual on the drive into work. That's saying a lot considering traffic can be crazy at times.
yea if yall want
YEAH PACERS!!!
Thanks - great dinner at Golden Beetle but man that Devil drink kicked my butt!!
Dumbset, Drumset, I Can Make Her Comeback
US has edged ahead of Italy and France to become the world's largest #wine market by volume according to latest figures from Vinexpo & IWSR
haha so good
Leaving Huntington Beach
you deserve it times a million. <3
How are you enjoying the panel discussion so far?
is it so hard to get country artists to play in Portland, OR?
thanaks for the follow
I love to sleep but I love more staying up late. It's so hard for me to let go of being awake and head toward unconsciousness.
I should pack. I'm just sitting here starring at my bag...why can't it pack itself??
D-Nap.
i never got it!
Just from the smell of this elevator I could have ripped all his cloths off and had no second thoughts.
this aderal needs to kick in...maybe ill remember stuff lol....
hi darling, I want to add the lawndale residency to the bad at sports opportunities page, is it open to Tx artists only?
hell yea this guy was in a hot dog eating contest <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
here u go... I go hard boo... At the pace I got set, I don't need 2 get ready cuz I stay ready
14 followers to 59 in a day... Awesome.(;
My address is Thanks, and please spread the word about the movie!
#Ravens football tomorrow with Ryann, who has a new outfit to wear for the game, hope she's more excited then she was tonight when she slept
Had a great night celebrating the season with our client
at this point there is no pleasing everyone but something is better than nothing
So your fone is your baby ?
bout the same... Planning and starting my new year goals lol
I have lost track of how many times Doug's personality has cracked me up today.
Mission looks great! I'm excited.. but kinda bummed that I'm 90% done with a church site using Associate.
Stressed out...
The feeling of forgetting your sunglasses before an adventure is unexplainable
Lol so yesterday I went to the mall(: I passed Lids and was looking inside to see if i saw And my mom was like what r u doing!
yeah but he got knocked around
#People don't follow into the same #Trap like every other holiday. Holidays are meant to bring people together
Thanks to our new followers
date night :)
#oomf is already acting a fool and it's barely 7am
That is quite the beautiful sunset. Hope it brought relaxation and inspiration to you. How have you been? Hope you are doing well.
Started off the day with homemade deep fried food (veggie and tofu pakoras). Not the best choice for tiding me over, I'm hungry already.
I hate Fasting
Yes, but it would be like me to forget >.< I'm studying material culture. The history of stuff! Including video games :)
That sounds intense. Are you an Emotobooks fan?
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes. - Jimi Hendrix
thanks hunny I plan on it being a great productive year ;)
Might you partake in any weather-related sales and/or promotions? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe University is comprised of 99% bullshit and douchebags who only know 2 guitar chords.
is at HQ giving us a Google demo!
Indulging on your fav. Snack :)
Hypocycloid is one of the only things I retained from math in high school.
swur ta god
aw thanks! So glad you're a customer! :)
And that proposal is submitted. Now time for that other abstract...
Cross Over
I'll Have Another took a bath next to Shackleford this morning. I wonder if he shared any advice on winning the Preakness?
Those cute little scenarios you come up with about you and your crush >>>
what's up BP?
I'm the size of a 12 yr old :/ I'd love to be tall. You're lucky!
I should add, shaky, out my sun roof video. The roads were a mess. Tons of people pulled over to watch.
Don't trust the heart, it wants your blood. - Stanislaw Lec
I really need to change my sheets
thx my man it was so much fun:-)
Hi Tari! you have to keep us updated on your book when it comes out... :)
Anomie looks at the disjuncture between societal goals and legitimate means.
Damn, really on ASVP wave aint he. 2nd time he used one of his beats...
Whataburger? Probably not...
Longmeadow Farm Slow Roasted Smoked Young Pig is now on the menu!!! We'll have it in for a few weeks.
cant wait fam
We'll be at til 5pm! is about to speak and have a book signing!
SWEET. RT HUGE news, beer nerds: RT Three Floyds is looking to open a brewpub in Chicago
Show tonight down in Denver at Cervantes!!! Hope to see everybody there!
Bad meal at monsoon tonight. Sad.
even dinner at Julie's supper club with your local?
So excited to be at "listen to your mother" DC to see Elena from Ciao Mom!!
? Will you follow me on tumblr...? it's loversloveandlierslie :)
follow back bitch
Men's testicles? As opposed to.....the other kind of testicles?
Have a good weekend!
lmao! My mom just gave me a crazy ass look cuz she heard it. Lol.
gonna kill it!!
Why are they "fortuitous" bounces when a mid-major makes a close play work and when a major does they are "amazing" plays?
This made me LOL hard. RT Pippa & the Pistol is the title of the best Disney film that will never get created.
it's beautiful in a cheesy sort of way (ba dump dump...thanks I'll be here all night)
It's enough to put you on a water-only diet, until you realize how many of those baddies are water-bourne..
great food, even though we were the only folks there
Will you be working for Mugatu?
Speaking of #Harlem, I am looking forward to being in the archives and working on the book this summer at the Schomburg
If you more to know more info about the Zombie Walk or Zombie events follow
It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me
Headed to
Who had a chance to beat KY? Charles Barkley: "The Toronto Raptors."
Dean Barbara Rimer at UNC Gillings School of Public emphasized the importance of translational research in moving from efficacy to equity.
Make sure you read each one that's in each box.
When soccer and music can't cheer you up <
I asked my Brazilian girlfirend's dad why Ronaldo's big. "He eats too much" "Isn't it a disease?" "Yeah, he can't stop eating"
they ALL come with chocolate. You can't have romantic without it. (via ) lol
Upset with u both RT": FTW... RT “: Aren't ladies only allowed to wear the pink jerseys? ;-)”"
I dont think Ill be able to skype tonight bc Ashleys asleep and the computers in her room but Im getting an iPhone tomorrow!
Auditions went great!
love u baby less than 2 weeks from adding a new member to the family love you ya sexy son of a bitch <3<3<3
Lowkey... I'm kinda nice on this here grill...
Homework will be the death of me.
CAC - Beeson talk on self cuing tx in PPA - logopenic aphasics may benefit most
#ForeverFly RT : S/O to for the shirts footworkingz rocked on windy city live today!!!
EMMA WATSON DOES NOT LOOK LIKE A SAM I ALREADY HATE EVERYTHING
damn cause I'm not
LOL DO IT
Watching Escandalo TV!
Sorry guys if I don't follow you!! Is that twitter dosen't let me! Please follow me and when twitter let's me I'll follow you all
im trying to really expedite my days
Wow. just found out Whitney died. Really sad, one of my all time favs. My prayers are with her family and daughter. ~I will always love you
Yay! my mom is making homemade Tacos Yum! ^_^
hope all is well man!
"A true friend scolds like a dad, cares like a mom, teases like a sister, irritates like a brother & loves you more than a lover."
Sick game-winning goal by ...
Well, you had to RT the competition and what a coincidence that the draw was on my bday and I won xD
My hair lady isnt working again until Friday, so I'm going then. If you want to aim for sooner, I can find someone else!
Tip of the day: References! Use only former supervisors unless asked otherwise. Be prepared to discuss your references- know them!
In the mkt for court level seats for LA-OKC Gm 3 or 4. We'll see if it sorts itself out. Regardless, looking fwd to 4 days in LA
Ah... I missed the "co-worker" part! And the meth, too... now I get it! So sad, especially for kids... they never understand.
It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
Join us now at wash park grille!!
Babies can pick up on stress around them and my start to cry if they get negative vibes. Keeping your cool can help your baby be calm.
RT : come on down to a Dallas foodtruck event!//I would love to #WienerUp in the BIG D!
" I wasn't that drunk" "dude you said "how am i driving" and we were still parked."
thanks for the RT! how many followers do you have now? you must teach me the ways!
I WANT BIGGER BOOBS
pound it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> lmao
And lay them down, buried in the ground for me
I honestly don't even know what's going on anymore #realtalk :/
I feel you
Oh my gawd!
thx, pal. yeah, it was exhausting though as I left home at 3:30am went straight over & got out at 7pm
I was just thinking about re-reading that. I know it will have profound affect on my this time around too. Thx
Great win. Unreal gets the winner. More than an honor to play Glocks. Will be successful no matter what.
I wnt to go to da zoo tomorrow
I'm aggravated as all hell. Nite.
thanks chick! I miss you too! What are u doin down in hotlanta? Any trips home over the summer?
see what happens if somebody hits her, I guarantee you won't ever talk to me again if they hit her
RT : thinks making apple pizzas with the boy is the best new Rosh Hashanah tradition ever.
Took long enough, but good job, Mr. Obama. Proud to be an American right now. Now let's get with it, California.
"There is nothing like an election to remind a politician of the diversity of wildlife they represent." - Daniel Hannen
Current earwig courtesy of Mr. Neil Diamond: "I am, I said.. To no one there.. And no one heard at all not even the chair"..
Script sent!!!
This is a dining experience unlike any other. And I'm okay with never experiencing it again
Hey Follow me on My other account
Just want to ignore the world and watch Mad Men.
i need to get rich fastt
Fully recognizing that most interested in Danish history & archives have likely retired for the evening....
this weather is so perfect to stay in bed and just stay in my sheets and do absolutely nothing.
yeah... That was a ZINGER.
I need a drink tonight
I couldn't forget you if I tried.
Did you receive my pitch for a new OWN show? I guarantee you tons of viewers would tune in each week to view it.
SHI International Corp. Posts Record First Quarter
and celebrating your masters grad & 's new job
Student approached me today about starting book club. Anyone's school do this? Suggestions? Issues? Fomat?
Hanging with after Prom.
THIS IS MY FUCKING SONG BRO OMFG
dana does so much for justin an scooter nor kenny cant tweet her for justin or one of them cant but then they tweet the mean bitches
Where are your suede weenis protectors?
what? It's late as hell! be careful!
Tonight im spinning SoundBar Minneapolis THe newest hip Hop and R&B its 21+ LEGO
Welcome to our 400th follower on Twitter. Thanks!
that would be so cool!!!
This is why I saved a couple cream cheese bagels.
Well its time to shower and start this day!
What is trending right now? We like to know what the cool videos are so let us know!
Had a blast at the Texas State Fair this weekend! Fried bubblegum, Fletcher's corny dog, fried bananarito, fresh lemonade, frozen lemonade!
I love watching Grown Ups
Sweet, my #MDNA album is gonna be mailed to me, awesome
On our way back from Chicago! BPA NLC is over.. But that ok.. Next year will be here in the blink of an eye!
The iPhone app has some serious catching up to do before it is as useful as the app. Get on it!
i hate twitter
7 or 11 she's a double gulp
Yep! On Thursday :)
me and 's mission is to get you to preform at the summer kick off concert next year. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Today in Literary History: On February 28, 1894 Ben Hecht (screenwriter, novelist, playwright and journalist) was born in NYC.
In a board meeting and I feel like my stomach is eating itself
Geesh, rain and hail like this is really not helping when you have to go to an audition by bicycle!
This was taking in 2006 a few days before I left Memphis for Atlanta!
Head down to for some noir, Bogie, and 'corn. Two showings tonight: 7 & 9:30pm.
Sorry, I only give recommendations to athletes. RT Any place with trivia on Fri nights?!
A lot of them stop taking jewelry :_-(
As we prepare some new songs for our set on our tour next month, what are some songs you guys want to hear us play?
Yes-love to read at the beach and I'll be there all next week! #lovegulfshores #beach bound
Gas and Food, watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I supply leadsl
Why am I the only person who takes pictures of the front of their house before going into it? And its extra lame out today
Some production group saw my music video and asked about working with me. "We're professional." they said. Fuck professionalism.
I like that idea. Can they bring back One Life to Live too?
UB person number and some weird thing written underneath it, but when I tried
from boston
Me && Yasmin are GOING GOING Back To Back To Back the EAST <U+270C>
is brewing, the tortilla shells are being warmed, Bacon is sizzling, time for a breakfast Burrito. Good morning!
Congrats to on winning #TheVoice!!!!
Playing #TwistedMetal. Hosting my own room entitled TWISTED_METAL!!! Join in. :-)
I'm just gonna blame Austin and Justin for failing my exams in two weeks cause I just can't be bother studying
awww well I hope you get some rest tonight and start feeling better ASAP! Can you nap at all today?
Good win UM... earned it... Hope the rivalry continues when Urban arrives
Reserved your ticket yet for our fab Bartram Bitters Cocktail Party Fundraiser May 16? You better! Use promo code "YoungFriend" & save $25!
U call me a player but if u ask me. That's what u were looking for. Remember. It takes one to know one.
thats good. better than ev over here!
Holy shit YES!!! RT : The School in Glee would be the perfect setting for the next Hunger Games.
wow is all I can say. I wonder if the angry typing will equal more public display of unhappiness that requires whole body movement.
Organized civil disobedience thru the Internet
The 99ers and The Down n' Counted Out ! Need Jobs Too, Not only the Midwest & Southern States But the East Coast and West Coast Too!
I love this team! GO CATS!
so we need to talk more <3 =D how are you?!
on it .... We will have a meeting soon for ideas places and ppl we need in shot ill call u later
"We're just playing one on one pong"
I did miss that clip, and what a good one! Thx for sharing so much this morning.
Linda Perry is awesome
Waco has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists! Be sure to support your local artists!
RT "If you want others to by happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion." Dalai Lama
Happy Friday! New blue bloods tonight!
dont try...when its right it falls in ur lap :)
what did he snap at you about. The deal with cameraman was on tv
Wait, what did I miss on Wynne?
that's was hot thanks
he was clearly touchin him thats no goal
The Internet knows!
“: "The Big Bang Theory" is the most watched television show in Canada.” stupid canadians
PUB CRAWL IN SIESTA KEY VILLAGE TONIGHT!!!!!!
Thanks to everyone that turned out for the KBS tapping and patiently waiting! Cheers, you guys are animals!
Ain't no one cute at my school :/
U want to treat me like a bitch I'm ganna act like a bitch
I know! #ala12 is so far away but I guess Im committed now eh?
you inspire me, cuz you gangsta'!
when we get new chairs.. im taking this one out, office space style!
How many times does New Test quote against gays? Once. Yet there r 100's passages against adultery & divorce
Susie's all beef dogs were a big hit today -- come up for an afternoon snack -- coffee's on and the bingo is about to start ;)
I just downloaded a new twitter app.now I can see everything better. Lol
I'm walking with a Heart Of A Lion
Clarification: am researching sources on informational health science or health care based on info transfer in a quantum biology sense. ...
dats my bitch!! (in kanye voice)
Marcos Pico hwld without bail on Murder charge... In violent death of John Waldorf.
Best quote read today on a random Amazon review: "I preferred consistency to hypocrisy."
Hahaha I know, it has been a few days!
RT HATE IS FOR THE WEAK
if you loved me you would stop fartin while im sleep
Note to self: don't wait until the very last day to get a car inspected
To learn without thinking is effort in vain. Life is just one big teachable moment...
gots a new client to do work on... no bball tonight
one of the best shows EVA!
a3 usually make a photo collage from the trip:)
And thank you for sharing your story, you've made spoon a symbol that makes it "easy" to explain travails of long term illness
Sometimes - no matter what the scale tips - you NEED the macaroni cheese.
I have a flu that has made me respect the flu.
Ah the rain so refreshing
I liked your quote! Peace!....
i am going to look at an apartment that seems almost too perfect today... 3br, heat included, laundry IN UNIT... i expect it to be haunted
Once you give someone the power to break your heart......they will.
No, this is... goddamn ridonkeyulous! Ha i see you removed a virvs. "trojen removed!"
i should get ready. *sigh*
bout 2 rock this Indiana Ice game...it's been a while!!!
Griffin looked pretty cool flopping after that dunk.
sounds negligent to me! Geesh!
Learn from the negative as well as the positive, from the failures as well as the successes. -Jim Rohn
About to sleep my day away,,, its needed,,,
I Only #Assume When Shit Looks Obvious .
Classic Tarnoff! Good thing , and provide similar content w/o the wine.
When was that?
Wake up world think positive because a positive + a positive = positive. Meaning positive thoughts positive results!!!!!!!!
hay stop saying lies about she's my best friend from school like she's at my house crying so shut up
you are the best. You deserve it.
How do you market, how do you repackage, how do you find the niche?
WHAT THE F!!! That's fucked...ayite ima give your hash tag a holla!
There are 32 National Football League teams in the United States. 16 in the AFC and 16 in the NFC.
Trying to think of something BIG for my 10,000th tweet.
today is not my day
hehe judge or join Mr. Pickles
I totally knew what you were gonna say before you even texted back
This is seriously some odd weather. Looks like the Wizard of Oz out there.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet .... but everyone already knows that
#QueueBarLounge 6k progressive hit today... 3 more waiting to bust
Happiness is a skill. -richie Davidson at
where i see you comin from going to 2nd period?
I've literally had the best Friday and the best morning now<3(: Now just waiting till he gets off work :D
That awkward moment when your ex sends you a post card from Florida saying "one year" on it
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough. -Emily Dickenson
"Who could this mystery person be?" "What does their mother call them?"...
Felt drained & out of shape. Execution good, endurance, fair.
lmfao omg look at ur asian high top fade w a creeper ass look on
got all ready to go out just to find out i'm staying home. wow best night ever!
Just when I decide to cut carbs from my diet, Wendy's comes out with
Wouldn't it be easier to have every American just flush $1700 down the toilet? At least then the plumbers would get the business.
so does that mean we aren't going to prom anymore?
of course. Such an interesting read!
RT : A4: & you'll show potential employers you are active, take initiative, and really care about what you are doing.
thx for link - we're actually open/seeking to develop a variety of tools (e.g. ) for version control of open leg. & more.
Turns out being nervous really plays havoc with your IQ. I hope I find my way home tonight.
Did it fail?
i ready to delete all the guys numbers in my phone cause its the same shit different dude
When says #40dollars /paycheck, what pay period is assumed? I'm paid monthly: is that #40dollars, #80dollars, or #160dollars?
- Have you seen "Contagion," yet? Hope you don't die . . .
RT : Mile High D.A.D.S. Feb. meeting is coming up in a week, Tuesday the 21st @ 5:30. Mark your calendar and don't miss it!...
thanks baby!! I will miss Entercom and Buffalo so very much!
take yo butt to bed, it's past your bedtime.
Lovin Alicia keys right now!
on my way to this dumb ass school -_- Hopefully my day goes good.
Who's happy I'm back ? @
I hear yah, I'm gonna be driving this weekend, but I could at least go for some redlight therapy and massage though
Good morning, Keith!!! Happy Monday....
Excited to see Michigan native Mark Ingram play later on today.NFL Network
who's your favorite SKC player if you had to chose?
yes! We will have them soon :)
Today I'm working inside Sams Club today and its been slow....where are the New Yorker?
Much appreciated RTs and mentions this week -
We're happy to have you at CLT anytime! :)
In Objectivity in SocialScience Weber noted we're all biased. Honestly acknowledge/account for it & we'll b fine
#NP Under The Bridge - Red Hot Chili Peppers. <U+2764>
I sure was.didn't see any posts in a while. School, definitely more important.Will say hello for you. Talk soon.
pls send your rates to
Chilin w/ my bff's is the shit fuk everybody
Everyone go follow and help her get alot of followers.!!! RT!????!!??!!?
All I care about is whether or not Rooney shakes his opponents' hands after the game.
What's a hashtag, Media Specialist?
"Shorter" not "Silver." "David Shorter" LOL. You must have been looking at my gray hair!
And stupid quotes &lt;grrr&gt;
I hate sitting around waiting for you to text back.
oh snap! No idea there was more than one... I'm following a chick who knows the way... Hopefully.
Note to self, next time put sunscreen on feet
Tweet Up is Monday from 6-7pm. The online program says it's a ticketed event, but it's actually not.
You have the prettiest eyes ever (:
Homemade Belgium waffles, fresh snow and hot tubbing... Good ending to an awesome weekend.. Dont want it to end!
I'm so blessed for all the historical figures in my life time that truly reflect me and
Balanced Diet and Nutrition See why a well-balanced diet provides energy and proper nutrition
Buy the team back...
well I still have another year of high school but I'm gonna work my ass off to get there.
pericing my dick
I'm inn the hospital again:/ </3
you did?! How was it???
Lmfao can't reveal the secrets
make sure to follow
Tacoma is notoriously anti-sweater vest.
How long does it take you to stretch, do cardio, weights, core and abs? Think about it.. You'll accomplish that and more in 50 mins with F3
Off too school
The future is not something we enter, it is something we create ~ Leonard I. Sweet
haha I do now!
Love doing what I do. I am blessed!
Bella Napoli is the worst bakery ever...these cookies are steal! Ew
I think it's funny when douchebags have their girlfriends stolen from them by a guy who's better than them. It's kind of amusing.
For people who see me tomorrow, my face is still a little swollen.. not fat :(
Only 214 days till graduation...
Life is a movie, just not one that would do well at the box office.
I never get excited for school to start during the summer. Even on the most boring day. NEVER.
I'm jazzed to try this place! Congrats on the menu fame too!
That awkward moment when you pretend to die infront of your pet and they just walk by you like nothing happened...
got your message - sorry for the injury - but will release your ticket to others. Thanks for letting us know.
sucks balls. Can't wait to switch
Ah, Florida still sucks. Publix is still pretty great though.
Oh, yeah... and I have the best boyfriend on the planet. :)
Stay off that foot ...... lol
you know thats a weave! lol
Gettin my hair done for my bday =P My hair is hell long
a service manager already called and apologized for the poor service I received. My package should arrive today.
I'll dance with you! How was Thursday? Sorry I couldn't be there.
Hey! If you love christian music, you should check us out! We have a ton of music!
The Lakers are playing some of the worst defense I've seen a professional basketball team play.
They made a couple passes for us. Pretty cool.
have you really made a dude scream?
thanks for the RT :-)
thanks Dan, I met you in Park City at Sundance Film Fest - great book!
The swag you think you got i gave it to you
"The Best Colleges" ranks W&M 3rd best college in country. Good news! Best to always say look behind the rankings - what are the criteria?
Thank you!!
ME and mah friends are breaking up our friendship......... TELL MII HOW TO SAVE IT PLS SUM ONE
:) god pleasee i want #July3 to come already i really want my phone and i wanna text my buiddies im really gonna miss them
Anyone playing 50/100plo+ anywhere? Heard rio may not have games for a while due to lack of tables
Oklahoma I am in you. Checking off state number 48.
Its finally Who Dat time again!!! Already heading to New Orleans!!!
ah thank you I cant think straight when Im livid
GoodNight ALL. :)
18 is not a little girl. Perfectly legal to date someone that much older. In some cultures, it's not even a problem.
Just got home from studio. Long night! I'm working on a 2-panel piece, 2' x 6'. Got 1st layer of paint down. It's crazy colorful.
Misses me. Aww. So sweet. :P
Why did I just get a Lot I parking pass via email, when I already have a Lot C pass as a season ticket holder?
Wright going to DL? And the seasons over again.
Thanks so much, I'm new here!
Much love for the follow! Thank you guys for exposing the villains everyday, and helping us believe that heroes still exist!
continued "watching a visually impaired person go through 20 minutes of struggling" #gaad HOW TRUE!!
Loaded with your install discs is a way to do a hardware test. That might shed some light on things.
Hey I heard you were a wild one <3
#DontYouHateItWhen some people only act nice when they need something from you!
Whenever I'm feeling overwhelmed, I clean my desk. My drawer is now clean.
I had a great time tonight at happy hour with all the great people competing in the dumpling cooking contest. See you all sunday!
did you sweat it out lastnight? I'll go with you if you like it! XO
yo pittsburgh people if youre in town tonight check out at altar bar at 730
you need some bourbon dogg
The way I take things so personal sometimes <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I hope so. I really hope so.
Great to meet you, Angelina :)
I will keep posting more poetry, stay tuned :)
Look out! #YoungSiic will be featured on one of 's tracks. It's gonna be hot!
Recalling that time 12 mins ago that I wanted to sub Teal for Kei…
Thanks so much for the #ff, Chrissie!
Hey- just woke up. Didn't hear the phone ring
i think "hipster shorts" are the ugliest stupidest things ever
Scandal rocks! I've been a fan of yours from the beginning but thus far this is my FAVE!
Going to bed comment the pics ill return all tomorrow
The 7 train is the new worst. Special shoutout to the guy breathing on my neck. Also everyone kissing on trains everywhere. Nice sound fx.
Can U follow me ?
Little one is fed..about to get this upper body/core work-out poppin
"Game 7" may be the best two word phrase in sports.
RT : #Pinterest has exploded in the world of social media – from Sept 2011 to Feb 2012 it grew 866%
- Yes please cast your VOTE for Sam!
Everyone wants to be my friend when I'm texting
Welcome to #Twitter, !
thanks boo. He was just as studly then as he is now. ;)
Follow #InGenious Clothing Co. On Twitter #Fashion #Art #Style #Designer Please RT!
“I don’t know…. It feels like things are falling apart.” “You’ll build them up again. That’s what you do.”
hay is for horses
Nice! Sounds exciting! Everything is all good over here ;)
why u with selena i thought u guys would brake up
Well, we will see about that in the near future
Pianta: Research on Educare shows you can run high-quality #ece programs across the country, and do it well.
"A journey of a thousand miles, begins with a single step." -L Tzu...so take that first step today! #teamfitness #getlean #no fear
Watch out!
I agree, I think it would be a minor turn-off.. would have to think about this one, a new chat name.
On our way to Lafayette for a training day with our partners at Astonish!
hi sup...just followed u...can u do me a favor and ask if he blocked me
Show your support for the tonight at !
If u a good mother n u know it raise ur hand HAPPY MOTHERS DAY...
I'm at 1,244. I figure I got you. I need an e mail addy for you and for michael
Not a fan of any day that ends in "y".
Glad you did! It was good. I tweeted a lot. I was pleasantly surprised, they gave me a bit of hope. Santana knocked it out.
Shorts weather is definitely here!! What is your favorite brand of shorts?
And I got to hangout with my ethiopian princess made it even better. I love days like this now tomorrow we shall see.
Blessed' it was Nice seeing you on TL
I am blessed to say the least.
The Orlando facility will allow for quicker turn around times and the ability to provide better overall service to our customers!
Grilled chicken, baked potato, cucumber and tomatoes
: Scott has his cheeks.
Don't be tardy for the party! I'll be bartending tonight @ pb ale house, w/ anthony W. busting out the hot beats! Let's Do This!
#mmauncensored Your show SUCKS!
Good to have to here. I know you will give us a music education like no other!
#YouKnowYourBoyfriendsWhipped when he makes you sandwiches!;)
boy you got my heart beat runnin away. beatin like a drum and its coming my way. cant you hear that boombadoomboom bass? (:
Uptown = biggest mistake every week! So mad I work next week! BiTter dot com!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you get all of 's tweets and feel left out
Gonna be a long day at work. Can't wait to get outta here to fly to to see and
tell me you got this right
Im bored -__-
Hey I have a card for you from EPPS. When will you be on campus?
Great ASTD Houston chapter briefing conference call today. Thanks to all who attended. Looking forward to the feedback.
mario and fantasy football. And I thought I knew you.
#1ThingIWant for this research paper to be done!
no letting go - wayne wonder
"The line of people in this world who really care about you ends here"
Good morning #Indy, it's another cold morning,, #snow on the way. or so they say.
Goodnight World<3 :)
Excited to be in with today from 1-3! Come join us for fashion and treats!
already did (back on Dec. 28). Hoping to see my name pop up on Twitter notifying me that I won!!!!
Good! It was a stupid and totally unnecessary things to put in the show!
...When your good and get that chance its.
what time does freeze tag start?
Same to you. Hope you have pretty weather like we do this weekend.
The designs are now up, check them out!!
That was awesome.
Oh! Oh! I see you doin that!
I loved the video pls follow:D<U+E022>
Aaron Hernandez of hoops
hahaha ;D #purple .
hahaha... thats why I play on the computer.
my name is marie. Its 11:30 here. so how old are you??
Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band live this Friday (April 27th)! Tickets are still available!
joking about the shoppe or the Beiber? (What's a Beiber?) Btw I love the work Vice does. Particularly the North Korean stuff.
Kiss her neck down to her stomache
one lonely beastie I be...
Great news in the karaoke scene coming real soon!
Coming tmrw on Work It: The launch of a new series on workforce issues in the industrial/manufacturing sector. And a new "Ask Doug & Polly"
Mitt Romney simply pivots.
the have a 0-2 record this year against #NFL teams with a #winning record. They eat cupcakes & beat cupcakes :) #Boston Worst
Does being a parent make you a better teacher? Or does it just make it easier to talk to other parents?
How will you see to getting every USA citizens vote to count? From the homeless to those stationed abroad, to hanging shads
Good day today playing some soccer!
RT "want to join Team BrewDog? + help make BrewDog Beer?- Experience great bt nt necc, Various production positions" DANG!
7812 st charles #nothiding the return of
You at Hooters?!
Absolute! RT People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it! ~ Chinese Proverb <U+263A>
Happy Halloween to averybody!
AWESOME RSL GOAL
I'm convinced that people who like their own status also masturbate while looking at themselves in the mirror
you are off the hook sir! /cc
Our very own has been chosen for a national study. Congrats & keep up the great work!
Sometimes I think printer ink is one of the most expensive liquids on the planet.
Ratchet girls from butzel embarrassing us in Tustin Michigan. :-O
Hey Mr. Banker ... you are not safe here.
on what planet?!?!
When girls say im fun size -___- what's so fun about less candy?
Because this is some weird spelling that I think is coming out of Central America.
right on, thanks!
Gulping down large cups of coffee and glad to be here! Make sure you listen in every Thursday 4-6am! - Jackie&Carolyn
DirecTV rolls Nomad place-shifting box - FierceCable
Luke 10/'7 Minutes of Authentic Prayer" -
accidentally saying "meet me at eskie" to kids around here. HAHA oopss
thanks and a happy #WW to you all
Another issue would be the number of workforce and the type of product which would be distributed
feeling VUCA? Volatile, Uncertain, Complex, Ambiguous
and a good one...
All the windows got scratched last night by LDK crew. Totally sucks.
Gonna go MIA this summer.
I wish I could be apart of a 1960s like revolution
thank you!!
golden gate park :)
No, it made them worst.....we don't know how to spell "URGH-AH" which really limits our tunes!
friend did u check that out
Think you know Vegas? Check out our twitter!
John C., Dana and Gustavo have tattoo time today!!
ITS EITHER YOU WIT ME OR AGAINST ME
Looking for Instructional Technology Specialist/Coach. Please RT & DM me if interested.
Tweet of the Day, right there. cc:
“: Can't believe tonight is my Senior Night at John Robbins Field. #wheredidthetimego #memories #myboys #alwaysapatriot”
I must say. Not a day goes by that I don't think of him. R.I.P. Eliezer McLean :(
55: the average percentage of doctor visits where American adults get all the care medical experts recommend for their condition.
Good Morning Columbus!
Really need to start remembering to record #sharktank probly the best show on cable outside sports
what is?
Thank you ladies! <U+263A>
Did I find you or you find me?
better holla at your people when you get back in EP!
so am i :D
toga ...toga
following sarah palin now
women have rights?
Welcome to the group! please message me with any questions we have a ton of stuff planned
RT : Heading to #Educare this evening to introduce to more awesome parents!
what should i eat for dinner?
work at home businesses
RT : RT : #CitizenDiplomacy is "smart power." Great Q+A from with , UnderSec of...
can you tweet me when you are !?:)
Really, #TheKilling? My expectations were low, but that was just inexcusable.
Someone's about to win some free #drivnapparel gear...
agreed and agreed!
RT : I would love to see as a guest performer on the #xfactor.” she'sfantastic!!!
going to see #womaninblack with <33
Misfit Love #QOTSA Era Vulgaris perpetual loop this afternoon very 2007 but can't seem to help it: Ain't born to lose baby / I'm born to win
Watch the Devils win the Cup.
Well back to trying to use this again, sorry to our followers I suck at keeping up with this :(
I feel simultaneously on top of my shit and overwhelmed. Is this what split-personality is like?
I was reading about it
seriously, who has business cards with no #
Another busy day and night !! Have a great weekend everyone <3
Getting closer to game time. GO BULLS!!!!
same with my friends ahaahha
booksellers have been packing up the hardcovers fast as they can. We're going to have to shut this thing down.
"for a minute there I lost myself."
your icon is beyond adorable <3
Thanks for the Juice!
Watching professionals play touch football for five minutes
I believe "that's what she said".
How many cups do you have a day? o; I only have 3 or 4. Sometimes 5 but that's all. ;3
A really great way to get cash flow to control your company is factoring your accounts receivables
your a stranger!
"Lighting Design isnt always about the lights, per se, but about the mood created by the light" stop by today and bring in your plans!!
Thanks Rupert!
not cool! not cool at all!
haha same here. :)
let's go watch beauty and the beast together in 3d and fall helplessly in love and get married the next day
YES! Not crestfallen about that ; )
DM me ur deets, with some good times for you next week...looking forward :)
As a #Brewers fan I love the trade TE reds made!! Look out Pirates and Cubs you have another team competing for dead last!!
Only when I have my Frou Frou station on Pandora, I can get some work done!
When it rains it pours
Stay calm and carry on
Haven't been this tired in awhile
AYE! chat with me bored as fuck
Is there anything better than the smell of toasted coriander? I seriously doubt it.
LOL I still know my MySpace password. Epic!!! Now as for my AOL, Prodigy and IRC accounts?
Fantastic to hear your passion for giving, great talk! we're building a #socialgiving tool, got a sec to meet?
Ted Nelson just passed by our picnic looking for his bag. If only it was hyperlinked
haha that was funny!
I value the friend who for finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for does not consult his calendar.
Girls come and kiss me, say that you'll miss me, but get me to the church on time!
your welcome c:
lol sweet you still got two years, are you from Denver ?
It's more than just your cuts. Your arrangements matter.
So it almost comes back to whether we place our faith in spontaneous mass action or try to cultivate class consciousness
aye fool? when the next time yall hoopin?
Fuck yeah, good call. If I were to get an iPhone, that'd be the one.
Coffee is a widely used drink prepared from the roasted seeds usually called "beans" of the coffee plant.
Please welcome upthewaymag to the Max life
": The greatest thing you can do for yourself is deposit into your day every morning when wake speak life!"
- You forgive me? - I have forgiven, but my friend .. in short evening walk more carefully, my dear)))
Good Morning! Back in town?
Mexico vacation the best. Mexicans are very helpful :)
thank you :)
Maybe tomorrow...i'm giving up tonight. RT : wanna chat? You have my number don't you? I'd be happy to help....
Lower taxes, less government = freedom. Barela says, "you earn it, you keep it.
You can do it! Break on through to the other side.
Sounds good!
"you sneaky mom!" #butreally He does knee scopes all the time, but the fact that he's havin one done is kinda a big deal
Good job last night! (:
RT : #BREAKINGNEWS: There is police activity outside Junior Seau's house in Oceanside. Details developing.
Off to Lauren's Graduation! #drwurm #bestdrnameever Look for her in your local ER
If possible, travel off season when the rates are lower.
Love it, thanks for following cutie! Muah
RT : : This is why u study computer science: Draw Something sold $200M after few months; Pictionary $29M after 16 years.
That awkward moment when you realize you accidentally got this far in a that awkward moment tweet, even though you hate them.
no video! I'm still in my PJ's.
yes, and yours is really bad
Charles Barkley is hilarious yo. This man is to funny talking about that Celtics fan.
"Christian" tolerance from the usual #fauxnews crew
I don't even want to know how many calories were in the Mocha Coconut Frappuccino that I just had! It was yummy and that would only ruin it!
He's such a major asshole! And not in a good way.
Raising the BaR in 2012! All doors will be <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0093>. No blockades anymore, let's go!!
thanks so much Anita!!
Follow Me :)
Bet she love my swag, bet she leave yo ASS
This game was over the moment Ward took that penalty
EXACTLY! lol. Well, the thought was good while it lasted lol :)
Oh man, that sounds good! I might need to stop by and shoot round 2 of the testimonial in order to get a slice ;)
you are giving me reason to live!
#sschat I keep a picture of myself from 8th grade graduation in my office and use it to remind myself (plus the kids like it)
i don't even know if i'm gonna watch it bro... where u gonna watch it??
is Thankful for our awesome GOD, my wonderfully FAMILY, loving and amazing FRIENDS.
Come back, Nika.
torn it up tonight the #heat are gonna be sick this year
Downtown with after a rough boxing workout.
Miggy just got thrown out on purpose there so that Delmon Young did not have to end two consecutive innings. He was helping the confidence
Donna Summers and really look alike!
Tell you mom she needs to redecorate to match your doggie furnishings and accessories. eeesh!
image posting huh? Are exciting feature upgrades to coming?
When my liddle nephew lays with me> i love that kid to the moon&back<3
re: #PiersMorgan--also, his comments & ?'s w/ Condi Rice were sexist & he keeps referring 2 "the Americans" as if this were a UK show.
Finally I will only run for two term. I have no interest in being a politican. I just want to fix my city.
I miss Steven. 110909 <U+E022> 2 years together and many more to go!
Some ppl Arent what they make out to be
An Ornette Coleman quote should be in every higher ed presentation.
Happy Birthday!!
did he really?
#fridayreads: Alyson Hagy's BOLETO from Also downloaded BRING UP THE BODIES by Hilary Mantel. Should keep me busy.
super jealous
...and I'm sure I've missed a few.
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf you gotta sell foodstamp to get in the club
just finished doing my homework... #winning is all i do!!
Green tip #3: Zip around town on your bike, on public transport, or your own two feet. Avoid your car whenever possible – it’s cheaper!
We will be there tonight to support PP and get some great grub! Especially after the hearing today I need the drink special!
RT: : : shoot down the Nighthawks! 3-peat!
Im tired of seeing oomf face all the time lol stop posting so many pictures
You dont want to be touched, go play another sport. Jagoff.
Midnight Chocolate body icing.
Sarah Phillips story is crazy. Trying to follow all the dialogue is like trying to follow Memento.
Things will get worse before they get better. But when they do, remember who put you down and who helped you up.
Safe travels.
hi martin.
Mexico Sale: Save up to $250 when u travel to Palace Resorts. Additional offers: Kids stay & eat free and up to a $2,500 resort credit.
Seen a lot of conference presentations, but was blown away by the #ahcj12 one today by In a word - scintillating.
A2 Use scorecards. How can you identify cause-&-effect metrics?
A HUGE leap forward today on our film project shooting this summer starring Edward Asner!!!! A truly exciting day!
Block speaking on behalf of Speaker Perez on safe learning environments.
No more going to McDonalds :D
Thanks for taking the time to reply. I've never thought of writing for TV, still trying to come to grips with feature films.
“: Its awesome to see a vegas sunset.. Its been a while... #fb” sad I missed you in LA :(
So this evaluation is about to make Courtney look too poor
Birthday cheesecake.
Wal-mart will be the next big company to fall.
. Abuelos taught me value of good work ethic. Didn't want me to think that was enough. Cheered me on thru college.
Whether you're a campaign or business you need "evangelists" 2 promote your cause or product. You can't just do it yourself.
So smart. MT : At UNC Charlotte they're trying to get community collaboration into tenure & promotion requirements.
Z's double tenure as Most Annoying Freshman award is remembered fondly & passed on (only once!) to new freshman
She say money make her cum I say money made u dumb
Excited?! I have ABDC recorded!!!! I CAN'T WAIT! I miss your hot face and amazing dancing on my tv screen!
oh no! Run!
Thanks, John, for taking a look at Gluejar and unglue.it
that makes me want to throw up. $43 million in 1 month. There should be a cap on election funding!
Tommy Hanson and Chipper Jones are about to do work
I can love you for all i'm worth, to the ends of earth but I just can't love you back.
what u doing in B-Moore!
#IWishYouKnew what being real is all about
yes. that is very sad. Have some more drink.
put up a new lighting fixture this morning, read 85 pages of a business book (The Balanced Scorecard), and listening to my iPod.
Calling all Streakers! Send us ideas for clues/tasks/etc. If we use one of yours, you'll win a free Streak! Post your ideas below or on FB!
May 18th will officially be "Sport your favorite hoodie day".... Who's in?
A Homemade Life by and The Secret Life of Henrietta Lacks!
#magic lets get a win. D12 gonna kill
You have one week left to save up to $70 every month on your mortgage insurance payment! Hurry Time is Running Out!
Boychuk: "We didn't underestimate [the Capitals]"
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. -Peter Ustinov
": Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated."
Good luck to all #GSJ12 jammers! We wish we were participating but landed at #utaou instead. Look forward to seeing the work!
Anybody got an update on how Peyton's meeting with Titans went?
!! There be bisucits in the air!
we're the next great website...why wouldn't he?
Sleepy time
yeah i had some short.. but not that short... like to my ear lobe is the shortest i ever had it
dont deny that you enjoyed it
#BandsILove Linkin Park, Paramore, Anarbor, A Day to Remember, The Killers, Green Day, Panic! At the Disco...
Goodmorning... Up Ready to hhustle heavy...how are You? “ #GoodMorning dreamer”
This season ticket "reward" for paying early is LAME.
It's tough being in a profession where even mindless bots hate you. :(
see you there my friend and i are going
having great feedback, please spread the word
Greg!! We would love to! Hope it happens soon!
Bed time for me...
NIH Public Access Policy is not OA and is not a a solution for the serials crisis.
ok thx I was just wondering if we could c Canadian team since Keith & Sharp on but ill be happy we can c US team thx
Ik betaal je terug!! In my second language( Dutch ) I will pay you back LMBO !
CBS Sunday Morning doing story now on prison reform, disproportionate # of blacks... story includes Florida's Gadsen County & St Quinton
Heading to this studio sesh in evanston with
#highschoolmemories I'm not done with Highschool yet so my Highschool memories are High School Musical.
Dear Family, Friends, Fellow Authors, Poets, and Artists, As of today I am officially a published Poet. Please stop on by
SHARE www.THESLIDERSMUSIC.com WITH THE WORLD!
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
I wish someone could promise me that my children would still LIKE me when they are grown.
You can only free your mind, if you want so
- you guys really rocked by adding both email *and* buffer to your "channels"
And all this time I thought we were twitter friends. Sigh. *blocks you*
It's a non-conference game, not included in Cal's 9-game conference schedule.
Out tonite? Come to Saturday Nite Beaver #BaconStrip - Yours truly will be channeling Holloway & Paradrise Garage
Speaking of doomed, down 3-zip in the sixth. This ballgame is ovah.
Fixing American Education Finland small, homogenous country- lacks the diversity of poverty, languages, culture of our classrooms.
hahah I WIN!
not feelin so hot today:/
While this totally brightened my day, what was the inspiration?
oh yeah well I got fresh baked chocolate cookies, now let me in.
1,100. Cheers. Comment this status with your page and we'll share it and promote it all day.
Played like a piano with no apologies.
In class again, damn why does skool have to be so boring. Feel like going to sleep.
The things that must be fought for prove to be the most worthwhile
The Fighting Irish took the edge off the Phillies loss, so the sports weekend wasn't a complete waste.
You appear to be content that we pretend that racism doesn't exist. Easy when you're not the victim.
God damn what a night
John Harrigan~ People need loving the most when they deserve it the least.
Beautiful day for a lunch food tour
stuck in the office right now but I'm going to grab dinner on a patio somewhere later
Our concert during Rock Star day at got shut down by our neighbors! We must be doing something right ;)
And apparently I'm naked on another website.
#RIP Dick Clark
It's going to be a good day. Because I said so.
yeah i want to have sex with him every day forever.
Thank you to all who entered this month's contest, and be sure to stay tuned for next month's giveaway!
how things at your end
#dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar
Revo SD website goes live tonight or early early 2morrow morning! www.revosandiego.com
“: Omw to studio, photo shoot fresh!”
the sharks are swimming? Live in the water.
Mike Bordick with the epic call on the Wieters homerun, "wow, that was fun to watch."
I think you are pretty
Enjoying the country life in Carrollton for the weekend.
I'm also really interested to see what alaric is going to do. Seriously its the finale and normally someone dies or something
Welcome to the series, Avery.
Obama tonight will reveal that he personally killed bin Laden - by pushing a bullet slowly into OBL's head using only his manly Obama thumb
seriously, i knew i always liked Bill Clinton
wat it do wit all u #sexy ppl out there...having a good day #chillin in the #rain smokin a fat #blunt having fun in
PDX in Space!
lucky you team FTP guys milked the players fund dry so it don't matter. Give back the $'s you guys STOLE!!!
you have shoe paint?!
Lunch Break...time to hit the Gym!
what are the chances of a 13th round draft pick making the majors?
it's the LEAST we could do for you! :)
Off to #sweethomechicago. Cary-Grove football game, high school reunion, baby shower, and Bears/Vikes on SNF.
Thank u.
thanks so much for recommending Logan to follow me! I love you! You're such a sweetheart! Rushers4Life! <3 Always Stay Strong
What arises after #gse's wind down? Question posed by panel.
A Schlong Day's Journey Into Night
-- following :D
we chilling later :D
is it gonna be up tonight?
a well written Dr. King biopic. Why? It'd mean something... and I'd kill it.
thanks so much, Stephanie!! That means a lot :))
Which island do you think will win??
Haha thank you!!!
Just when things are lookin shitty they get good, when theyre good they gget shitty. This is why i smoke wed
90's r&b is still so sexy to me..
but i wasn't really complaining about it.
Thank GOD that I lived to see another Monday.... Make it a great day
I JUST WANT MY MOVIE TO LOAD
I'm waiting for someone to walk to the middle of the room and scream "I...DECLARE...RICKIE WEEKS....A BUST!"
OK, so, if I have enough time I'll send it to ya, ok? If I can't, I won't. I am sorry if I don't....I'd love to :(
Anyone else excited for the weekend? Working the matinees?
Lady Gaga presents...The Ratchet Ball. BET Special.
Sir Alex trying to fight!!!!! skip is pissed!
You Kno What That Mean lol !
#GoTribe I will never let Nikki tweet from my phone again
GFox following in Pacific's footsteps. Should create a lot more competition and higher enrollment over next decade
Anyone have a great list of web 2.0 sites OR other tech integration I can use in my 7th grade classroom?
LiLLiES of #woodleypark #dc welcomes all veterans and soldiers to dine with us and receive our $18 Veterans Day 3course dinner special!
Hope you have a blessed birthday, Alex !!!
1 1/2 hour drive. Someone text me please.
TGIF! We hope everyone has a great weekend!
You can outsource a lot of web services overseas, but for #SEO #webcontent #writing, you NEED native speakers who are adept w/the language.
If you look up "must-win game," you'd probably come back with tonight's game in NYC for the
RT +1 MT Thanks for your blog post and your continued communication with Chronicle. // Indeed.
That could also describe our house.
the idea of neighborhood watch... "Neighborhood Watch" now "The Watch" after Trayvon Martin killing
I didn't figure you had, got pretty shitty with me yesterday. & Well, it's amazingg.
just started season 2 of One Tree Hill!! so addicting
Finally made my twitter :D time to follow some ppl
I was cool all day! Now dis sh*t! Muffucas always find a way to Fu** up my morale!
like college?
Acting class went great last night- good students! Looking forward to tonight's class....
What was the final puzzle on last night's Wheel of Fortune?
Sounds fantastic! Happy Mother's Day!
The worst thing you could possibly do is plan.
dancing around in my new kicks :)) luv these shoes! thanks !
I was rooting for you!
linked data and open data are 2 different things, but joined they create a powerful tool for sharing cultural heritage on the web
my sister is that one person who wears band shirts and doesn't even know who they are.
I wonder if he be tweeting bout me..
If lil Wayne didn't say my name in a song I would still hate my name I bet!
Dear google, can u just let me write my sentence before u start guessing...
"Accept loss forever". - Jack
Outstanding! RT“: Hey everyone, has been picked up for a 4th season! Thanks to everyone for watching the show"”
I will when I get a recent one of me I don't like pictures but ill get one
We can help you with one small detail of your upcoming event....or we can help plan the entire thing!!
hey. I just saw the Lincoln tweet. Is it too late now?
so the Ellen episode you were at is on today - are you on screen at all?
U.S. gross debt at the end of FY2022: $25.9 trillion.
this mornings show about the IUDs was hilarous...esp when sarah said the baby comes out and holds it up...hilarous!
Last day of work!
I saw that. Good news, I think.
Hell yeah, me too! That's another reason I support. Not on the tip cause of some short lived reality show.
I may notbe lactose intolerant, but I'm definitely lactose ignorant! I will not stand for cheese.
thanks!! We find out tomorrow if we win the audience award!!
I don't get it. Lil B even got more of a buzz smh -_-
Im grateful for and all the love he shows his fans. Hes an amazing person. <3
Can't believe we had over 1100 people this AM even with our school district on spring break. And over 50 salvations. Yes!!!
Rt Over 19 million children are abused by their siblings. We have an epidemic
bigger than freshman though!
haha our knowledge is impressive....and now documented forever
It was a painless test so it can't hurt if your mom is concerned.
I figured it was only a matter of time before we found a copy of The Smiths' s/t album (feat. Joe Dallesandro on cover) in a
"I miss you".. Are the words that spill from your mouth... But my ears are deaf to your voice! #sorry cnt hear you! :p
I am not saying I'm the best but watch that shit. Don't say u the best and you u have a way to prove it. Otherwise u just talkin
Ima roll up and smoke half now and half in the morning... I only got one blunt left I gotta make it work
Seriously. I'd put nationalistic-posturing anti-soccer diatribes ("Americans love offense") in the same category.
Hell yeah this tweet is about me! ": I'm so hard cause I hide behind a twitter account."
or 10 different breads "southern style"
aww. What time is it now? Lol
you're near Lake Braddock right?
oh i never thought i'd see the day when someone was thankful for CisionPoint - yikes!
ten inches of snow and more coming. sigh.
I'll bring the weed.
Welcome to our newest cleaning customer California Hydronics in Roseville!
it should be why
SLICE Hint of the Day: When blades retract, click, and hold for several moments, explore which blades hold the longest and shortest.
Today kinda sucked. #figures :/
I'm in my grand daddy, smokin on that grand daddy.
RT : u like mac miller so what i like j cole
Early morning work out at Easy Fitness!!!
thx! see you soonish. “: nice, enjoy!”
I hate doing laundry work!.
Right. So why wouldn't there be two people?
Watching the show," The Voice". Love this show! Why is Adam so cute!
Pedro Espada and Pedro Jr. are in for a RUDE awakening they think they are untouchable stealing taxpayers money.
A bit of insomnia...
Its cold
Lost Days at the Tribeca Film Festival
When a body builder tells you your pecs are underdeveloped, no big deal. When your yoga instructor tells you, worry.
Buhowell.. he's a cutie as it is. I'm bein all gay now.. but he really is sexy doe.
Speak up to set the record straight, but give your fans a chance to do so first
Wow my song was jus playing....
found you by way of Phil Brock I find your comments very entertaining, though u need to drop your flaky actors.
Hurry & join us at Antrim Park and Brewsky's patio this evening before it gets cold and shitty out again.
We got extremely lucky. It's a tough business to work with. -Lloyd Banks
My project just made it to Level 4. Can you share that with your followers? I'd appreciate it.
how many #Hawkeyes go in this draft? Seven realistic, or not?
Looking for my phone when its been in my hand the whole time
u back in chicago
We're sitting 6th row for the first playoff game in more than a decade. It's going to be AWESOME!
#mdcsymposium Colleague feels students today don't see need to retain info because everything is stored and instantly available online.
Haha well ok then.
yo wassup dude. U wanna work on a project together? U heard of the i-cubed grants @ UF?
“: Don't have sex with her to please yourself, do it to pleasure her body.”What if it pleases me to please her body?Then what?lol
congrats on that bloomington win bro
:) thx - U have a gr8 xmas 2 Jean! I'll B enjoying sum quiet time on the 25th before my flight 2 HK on the 26th... 1 day off :)
NOTHING'S GONNA BE THE SAME.
WHOMP. what is Jessica Sanchez wearing tonight? -_- not cute..
Jesus, faithful King, Lord, with grateful hearts we sing; How great is the love, how great is the love of our Savior.
Thanks Joie! I appreciate you too! :-)
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Have you "had your colors done"? It really does make a HUGE, HUGE difference on how you look on camera.
Thanks, I'll do my best!
Wish our stylish and vivacious friend good luck on her interview today with !
": Sometimes I go all day and not know if is alive or not." I can go weeks!
i complete agree
I thought she got a restraining order? #creep “: My favorite person to follow is ”
Out for a walk, perfect weather. Bout to be a chill night
awesome…come visit!
when will they learn? Dont slide head first!
Hm... Bad news - right after work, I'd say. Good news - anytime really. Except maybe right before bed.
new orleans police headquarters evacuated due to hand granades being in the evidence room brought in car that was involved in murder today
you got a studio:-)
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” - Thomas A. Edison
I know! Tilda, Bill, Frances... can't wait.
ill get a pic with youu in NY! lol
I want to bring #nakedtanningback :)
I am sorry but I am boycotting Monday Night Football this week.
Whole Foods Market will first to market carrying Organic Valley Grass Fed Milk from 7 farms in northern California! Coming soon!
Last beach of the roadtrip. Very few people, and the sand's hard packed enough that we can park on the beach.
Man jus seen Amber Rose in a voka commercial.. I need F*** me sum rappers lmfao
#whyintheworld Is twitter so confusing?
do you want an adult panda a few years from now?
One day when the sky is falling, I'll be standing right next to you
Get our #capandgown today. Where has time gone
There's nothing wrong with teenagers that trying to reason with them won't aggravate.
Is your new leadership ready? RT : #PRSSA Leadership Rally reg. ends TODAY! is ready to go!
:The US used to be very good are talking with people in older, traditional diplomacy.
If you have told at least FIVE other Social Studies teachers about EdCamp Social Studies...YOU should "like" this status!
The food channel : innovative shows for delicious and easy dishes. Rachel Ray
#WeirdFact I was born with a cartilage piercing. Literally BORN with a tiny hole on my cartilage.
esp with attrition of big donors looking ahead
Mon and Tues are no good. But the rest of that week will work.
Things fall apart for a reason
Can't explain how good it felt to sleep in this morning.
Before I did radio, I was a music video extra.
I am blessed.. and you
maybe they feel bad for you knowing what steroids does to your man parts you dumb ass": Bunch of retarded girls think I...
wrong size or just not right? I had high hopes for these but was waiting to try at nordys
I never thought I'd be at a point in my life where I'd think that I need to take more risks. #YOLO is sappy & annoying but true as hell.
Happy Monday morning! :)
RT : Have you ever seen a superstar who when he's missing, doesn't seem to be missed? That's A-Rod.
Headed to the University of Alabama for a talk about resistance to racialized sexual violence in the segregated South.
how the fuck can I stay focused when its blood n my eyes
Proud of you, lady!
thanks bro
Damn hangover
miss you too
Go Thunder Go!
Well today went absolutely fucking perfectly -.-
Chef Arthur Cavaliere and his sister will be riding in the 2012 Open on June 3! Be sure to follow along in the weeks ahead!
Just watched a car accident. Think the old man was texting?
It's up to me now to win this game!
man, call the PM! Don't they know who you are?
Granger has 11, but he doesn't have any help...Bulls have four guys with 6 or more, Rose has 9, Bulls lead 29-20
LakeView Park apartments as Assistant Mgr
#ReconciliationLaw - Creates a contract that outlines the specific issues to address and the timeframe to invest.
the venue closed. 3 days ago. We were informed 2 hours before load in. Good stuff.
You got that across rather nicely. You are getting so good at parsing these things for everyone.
I just figured out what you meant!
huge play.
my library is doing a zombie prom on April 27th. Want to skype in for 5 minutes to be our guest of honor?
Nice. I'm catching at the Fox in Oakland this April. Looking forward to hearing more new material.
I'm convinced that every boy, in his heart, would rather steal second base than an automobile. ~Tom Clark.. Rangers or Cardinals?
Hi tammy m y name is Christine, don't you just love those forums? lol. How can i help you with your network? Msg me ur ?'s
Up high as fuck watching Underworld once again its #TeamNoSleep Who else up with me HTLB (Hit The Like Button)
Have you seen Gibbard lately? Dude's got the weary jowls of post-Coke Costello, and that was before the divorce.
Haha set it up!! :) RT : I want you guys too play in my living room :)
#wrongthinking "Just because I'm overweight has nothing to do with the fact I'm lazy. I have big bones. #really ?!
I was an extra in that movie...will you be shooting in Boston again anytime soon?
right on. i'll bring it next time i'm in the store. if yr not there, i'll leave it with one of your colleagues
I know. haha I miss you and your family so much!
Creating multiple choice questions always suck the fun out of life, but at least I don't have to grade this time around.
my team is out. So I could care less. I just don't want thee Miami CHEAT, I mean HEAT to win.
you are killing me right now!
Community service is the worst possible thing ever. Mowing a graveyard for 6+ hours... I got color... But
I wish I could get back to Bdos regularly <sigh> But if you do get to T&T: UWI doubles, Richard's Bake &shark, any pan yard
We had 440 followers. And 550+ hits to our website on 1/20. :)
(The rest is all plotted out. Have dreamy visions of one scene after another capitulating to my will. Dunno if this will work.)
20 Days until ArtWalk! Be a part of it VOLUNTEER!
goodmorning to all.pls log on and register to www.coalitiontosaveamerica.show your friends +family to site.enjoy beautiful day out!! ty
we hope you liked
We're at !! Come on down!
My point is a low interest rate at our current level of real inflation is the same as no interest rate. Possibly a negative rate
im little woohoo right now
Today's the day! Join us at the for our grand opening from 6-9 and then for our after party at Cheer Up Charlies at 10:30!! Woo!
Above a urinal, just below the mason-dixon, the wall bore an inscription: I <3 BIG DEBBIE.
Done! And hello back ;)
i'll tell you tomarrow :/ dont forget little brown
I do see where you're coming from. But I just didn't have an issue with the piece.
its tough but the defense keeps us in games...now let's get this offense in gear...jets next week...we need that one
Those smoothies that I've been making recently have been bringing all the young men into my front garden...?!
Feeling real drunk wit my coworkers tryn not to be obvious about it lol.. y is every convo during sexual
If I believed in the devil I would call Whole Foods the devil. How do u buy 5 things and spend $30!
B.B. King and took the Blues to the - Now bring them home with you tonite @ 9p #PBSipwh. Oh, and some...
Wolf said alternates should still be ready to deliberate in case one of the jurors needs to leave during deliberations.
Anne Hathaway to play Catwoman in "The Dark Knight Returns'. Good for her, she'll make Catwoman even sexier, def has the acting chops.
I would die!
My face at the moment -__-
Museum friends, help my student? RT : Looking for museum professionals to interview re: community engagement.
Yeah, I did. :) Class of '05. I'm old.. I think we were in honors English together freshman or sophomore year.
Woke up with a bird in my house this morning!
I once caught a fellow grad student plagiarizing entire websites as his discussion posts & papers. He was HS principal!
#vsa2011 great resources being shared! www.socialresearchmethods.net/kb/
Enter our Australian Open pick the winner contest at www.Facebook.com/ustamidwest Enter by 11:59 pm on Wednesday, January 18
What old time show do #painters like? Rin Tint-in
Watching Adventure Time With My Brother. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
when he was six he took him to the petting zoo... that was the name of the strip club...
Dood those have been in my lunch all week. So much honey crisp, but so good!
There's nothing God can't use to bring Him glory
stomach churning.wondering why.
I can french braid anyones hair but I cant do my own
Muppets: The Green Album is pretty good!
I am adding them back in. Finished pulling hair out, then found the google docs problem.
Not a problem. I'm always looking for an excuse to wear a kilt.
Be prepared for the opportunity u seek! Keep a Jumpdrive & box of promo CDs in the Car w/ Album, Clean, Instrum & Acapella.
you're welcome! :D
I thought that pool looked familiar! Nice job!
You're here? O heavens perfect timing for me to go back to school, starting this weekend! You need to FINALLY show me around
There is a fly in my car ah
Thanks for the Retweet! :)
I don't say this much, but the Mets DO NOT deserve to win
That's a good feeling! :)
Oh snap! on
Stressing. Time to fall off the face of the earth and get shit done
cleveland's motto: "come park in our historic parking lots and then walk around an empty warehouse"
Meryl Streep decided to dress like an Oscar just in case she didn't win one. Now it just looks tacky....
Boo-ing is really immature. Makes me worry about what those people do for a living.
Bob stoops pulled a Bielema. Taking a TO cost OU the game.
5 more weeks and then i can sleep in and stay up.(:
Happy New Year! 2012 is the start of Lambda Chi Alpha and a legacy that will last a lifetime at
Shot out to my sponsers Native Instruments!!
I think that ALL THE TIME.
He's trying to escape <U+E10C>!!!
have an awesome Weds
RT : Congratulations, , on your journey! You're right, it's the people (like you) who make it worth it.
The director and star of MARTHA MARCY MAY MARLENE will at a screening tonight, and I have two sets of two tix. Reply for details.
Lol yea man
We need a Google Translate app for this! : Could really use a book called SAS for Stata Users; anyone care to write one?
Frank Caliendo in studio.
Dolph Ziggler: the biggest casualty (next to Shaemus/Bryan) of part-timers getting the push at #WrestleMania. Dude's a year from headlining.
yea aj now is ok lol but love anderson & gotta dig james storm ...
summer read: terrifying Johns Hopkins med school prof meets potential new drug in Brazilian rainforest via big pharma: State of Wonder
I chuckled at the reference to Defoe's famous novel. The rebels would not stir my emotions with such a simplistic analogy.
don't worry there's a lot more where that came from <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> we only took like 9000
me either!!
Deciding whether or not to bring in the whole #SMROI debate into a presentation I'm giving. I think they need to hear it.
Don't blame me for learning from ur mistakes, blame ur self for not standing up again.
u need to get a picture up. Enjoyed watching you at baseball..good drills and you aced them!
Oh is it new years?
I hate people..the general public can kiss my black Dick, I'm only nice to yall cuz I need something positive for god to bring up when I die
Looks like tons of fun across the pond but how 'bout some deets on more dates in the homeland? purty please?
my legs are hurting, my head is hurting, im exhausted, my eyes hurt from crying so much. its prayertime.
Assessing and reassessing some things.
agreed! thx 4 the mention. what do u do? we help the mentally disabled work/be independnt
Keep the updates comin'! RT : Ohio highway signs: in need of kerning
The penal code is the written criminal law.
#ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo Keep Putting Myself Through All This Pain....
about my heart
Yep, I know lots about it. What do you plan on seeing?
When it rains it pours
Getting Back On My Tweet Grind
If I was allowed 1 wish, it would be that all who are deserving find true happiness.
Sitting with Spartan's media members and they're as dumbfounded as I am.
Love my job but I love days off too. What to do this afternoon? THOR!
is it true that there are gonna be new episodes of Danny Phantom in 2013?
Party time:)
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger<3
I know thats right! Im ready to setup an old-west style cyber compound in WY, just for geek hermits. I'll send u a map. ;)
I love your "About Me" description!
Will be interesting to see if trends continue today. Remember, top-8 seeds are 22-2 all-time in the second round.
Doesn't look like the special is airing again. I'm trying to find out what the process is for DVD's. I'll let you know.
Yes it was before the game. Interestingly, Brandon's Facebook page has also now been removed.
#confused. :P
": Long overdue. Say goodnight, Caps." Overdue.. U must mean after they put Bruins to bed? Lol.
Still got some tix to give a way...send me a DM with a name of either a Tash solo album or Alkaholiks album. Its that easy
You had me at "Whole grains / Film grains."
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Pear Spread for Fruit Bread 4 / 5 Stars | 3 Reviews by Sara "Serve this simple, sweet pear spread over fruit bre
RT : The bigger the poof, the closer you are to the cheer gods.
German word for the day is ohne which means without.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
& for when I think I lost my way, there are no words here left to say, it’s true; God gave me you <3
I saw the pics you posted btw but goodnight!!!
Skating rink. Menopausal women roller figure skating. Welcome home Joel.
#UnifyGallery Giveaway: Thanks to , , & for their excellent submissions! Only 7 free Unify licenses left!
definitely sappy
If you're attending FDIC next week, what information are you most interested in?
It's a shame that Old Salem Village "lost" that portion of their history but then again the time period doesn't surprise me
Fuck, yeah!! Have to follow my horny fellow Texans. Especially when they are hot-ass bottom boys like you ;)
Apparently Kansas State is playing a bunch of Miller Park beer vendors.
Watching Saturday Night Live with Viggle Fri | 1PM | VH1 Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Lol might have to make that decision!
im young, single, an lovin it.
German secure.me offers parents more control over children’s Facebook accounts t.co/RtGmyGS1 via
thank you Nancy. :)
Picot edging: can anyone suggest sources or instructions for learning to do this by hand?
Back on The NJ turnpike...fun!
RT if you are going to buy giftcards for the holidays - Amex Simon Candy Cane version is now available. T&Cs apply.
You have the wrong adjective. I'm not too famous to visit you...I'm too POOR to visit you. Lol
Jon Jones vs Rashad Evans tonightt!!!!
thanks for the support ! new music in the works for as we speak!
how you gals getting on planning THE trip. xox
the Tribe vs Terps in College Park Sept 1st, 2012. Sounds like a DC road trip to me.
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 8
Man gets media like fired up and laughing. Think is right it was his grammar. Meant all
A long night of crunching numbers followed by a round at Memphis. Feels like our startup days. Feels good.
We are playing the Alberta rose theatre tonight with a grip of other people. Show starts at 6:30.
I just wanna be successful
Happy Saturday to all, no matter what the circumstances might be, thank God you are on the top side of the soil! Enjoy Life!
Make sure your recycling, man. " : They're awful. They tastes like garbage"
LOL. no man
re new PA Moral Courage chapter: extraordinary "let's get on with it" energy/commitment stirred up by Irshad Thx!
second that.
can I get a happy birthday from you? Its my sweet sixteen and ur amazing... u inspire me so much and it would make my liffee
today is gin and tonic sunday. don't talk to us if you're not drinking a boss g&t
so, I get two free tickets after every 30 hours worked. You and Emily get the first two. :D
Anything for baseball!
Time is ticking! Need help filing your #taxes? Stop by and see me at 804 Webster Street!
We're in too deep, cant think about giving it up & i never knew love would feel like a heart attack #treyflow <U+2665>
If you can see that im the one who understands you, been here all along, so why cant you see, you belong with me </3
psh u can see them anytime..u cant go to italy anytime!
so glad is okay! #loveyagirl <3
Don't forget to "Like" us before May 7th to be entered in for a chance to win an Amazon Kindle!
LOLOL, i love how she thinks he likes her.
A #GMO is a genetically modified organism created by taking the gene from 1 plant, animal, bacteria or virus & combining it w/ another.
nothing wrong with that. I'm the opposite -- live DT, work in Pewaukee :)
I am more afraid of an army of 100 sheep led by a lion than an army of 100 lions led by a sheep. – Talleyrand
good times!
Who in the poker media is covering Zynga Poker Con? I keep seeing all these ads for it in mainstream media - wondering how it's going to be.
I hate standard time.
Bazinga! Auto-calls and lets you dial in!
ill text you right now so i dont forget lol
This is the first game that I've really felt more on edge every time theres a scoring chance. Feels like low-scoring game, today.
You don't just mix random teas together! Lol.
Been a good week.
a heater app?
"...even though you do not see him now, you believe in him and are filled with an inexpressible and glorious joy.." -1 Peter 1:8
The hunger is an eternal struggle
V. Clever teenager you have!
The only shots you can be ‘dead sure’ of – are the ones you’ve already hit! ~Byron Nelson
you guys rocked it, u fricken sounded great but the coach house was lame. In sd the hot blonde in the front is my sis!!!!
Today's wonderful annual meeting presenters include:
*angry birds*
Got in KJ against J8 on QT9 in a 3b pot for ~20k turn K sigh! Next time.
mr. doug fister delivered his patented 5-finger fastball to the #redsox : 2-0. in fenway.
Special thanks to Shelley Whiteside, Ruth Jones Campbell, Jeff Joyce, and Lawrence Dabney Wood for the LIKE! :-)
Sorry about the DM it is not coming from me. My twitter was hacked and SPAMMED. PLEASE I BEG DO NOT FOLLW THAT LINK
Don't wanna break your heart, I wanna give your heart a break
May the fourth be with you.
Sorry about the ARC harassment. You know a girl needs to stay on message, Okay?
hahaha for sure twitter is mostly used for hatin on kentucky
"Puts things in scale, doesn't it." yes, esp since I just finished a NASA grant proposal. No $ ? No space, just AC?
coming soon!! New party Slayerz coming soon
Had a chance to check out the 17th hole for an extended period today. Amazing spot to watch golf. Put on your bucket list.
Excited for your show next Weds because I love Chicago and America. Drinks & karate around the corner @ the Glenwood after?
I had one customer at the quilt shop today. In all seven hours! They bought 1 yard of fabric. But I sewed a ton!
At mission rock waiting for the rumba to begin. Dia lindo!
he'd only need 4 more to tie Nolan Ryan if he gets it RT : Justin Verlander tryna make it 3 no hitters on his career
<3 RT : On the day I die, I know where I'm gonna go, me and Jesus got that part worked out. -Eric Church
i sure am one sly little fox... Ha
Fryin Chicken Wings
Every community needs a good witch doctor, right?
joey I love you man!
Joy Saphla: Huron Group - previewing IMPACT reports - It's not just more expensive resources getting more expensive - we're using more
I Will on Tuesday! Ya it's awesome to work there with such great people.. How do you know them? :)
dude I totally saw you running in Longview!!!
Thinking about him.
On its volleyball Senior Night, St. Xavier takes the 1st set 25-21 and leads rival Trinity 1-0 in varsity action.
butchered the last name...
Sour diesel >>>
#Franchise dealers how do you protect your assets? We supply both industry leading solutions &
as dark as dimon. jk lol as dark as it can get.
'The Descendants' is emotionally manipulative in the best way. Even if it's not surprising, it still feels true. Expertly crafted catharsis.
That folder never looked better! Just came from the Omaha premier of Great job Congrats!
Bahahaha walked into the garage Seths bouncing to Taylorswift: ppl throw rocks at things that shine
Live in Boca Raton? Try Tasti D-lite and earn 15% #cashback with for being local!
He's better at shreading than he is at scooping...
lol just messing around, so what's up playa??lmao
I'm mapping my game play of Machinarium for a paper and now realize that 1) I can't draw and 2) my memory is very bad.
him saying about ur phone. he said nothing!!!!!!!
thxs for the follow! Keep grinding!
watching the fabulous deadlist catch
lol i know i want some too so that makes two of us!
#NoLie I looked high in my last twitcon .
~Brian Tracy One can choose to go back toward safety or forwardtoward growth
wOOt! Just got a ticket to send a team member to seminar in August. Now...if I can just find space in their 1/2 day tool training!
y'all don't quit do you. He's more American than the whole lot of you obsessive Obama haters. If he's Canadian or Kenyan idnc
#SexualPickUpLines Do you like to play checkers? 'cause if you move, I'll jump ya!
Meh Sister realized followed her woah?
RT If you want to get your point across, don't make getting your point across the goal. Make understanding the goal.
nice girl ink..normal places ankles thigh I'm sure mine takes up my right shoulder
Corn based diets acquired by Europeans from the Native Americans stuck to and rotted their teaeth
Our 1st giveaway in the next few minutes! This 1 will B easy. We'll choose the top 5 answers & will have a voting pole after!
75% on your poll think Rog can reclaim #1 ranking. That's....ambitious.
Getting a pedi, drinking a beer, hanging with my mom.
Drizzy on repeat
Watching Fever Lake with Corey Haim and Mario Lopez.
r u having a world tour? if u r having a world tour r u coming to miami? :) please tell me cauze if u cant wait to see u <3 u
I'd like NY to feel the burn like we did last week, but may the most deserving team take it!
im trying to enjoy it.. ;)
you need to stop licking my hair
"Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss."
I need to have a picture of all my friend at home.....I dont have shit except on the fridge!
love you <3 just thought I'd let you knoww (:
Wow. I really need to update this page more. Lots of amazing stuff happening.
Ariana doesn't only have the flawless looks, but she also has her gifted talent of singing and a loving personality. She's amazing all over<U+2665>
Marco Valenzuela is a superb computer graphics (3D) artist! Thanks for being with Poised Creation from the beginning!
you will see....im recruiting hard like i should win the arkansas head coach spot
Dallas is better.
Butt dial. But you're my favorite person to butt dial.
RT : agreed! The best industry, best...
'Briefcase' creator also created , the 1st ever indie 1/2 hour comedy to air on
The first is points/assists. The second is smiles. I meant Game 5.
Woahhhhhh! slams Arlen Specter? This dude will never visit Pennsylvania. Insults steel and Specter? I bet he likes the Ravens.
This was unlike the story it was written to be. I was riding its back when it used to ride me.
": you get mad when i conversate w/other niggas but you calling otha hoes baby !! #AwwwwOk"..Damn who doing it like det?¿?
RIP Steve Jobs...Que descanse en paz...and thank you for being such an inspiration and for all your contributions to our modern society.
Real and Barca? Oh, and those pesky-ass world beaters, Wigan.
With the way things are going, Java feels like a step back from C++ but more relevant than Pascal was.
#Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers I'm the worst kind of Christian, don't blame God for the likes of me. Still I judge, & you don't..?
Welcome to the #twitterverse - you have some catching up to do! Start tweeting your every move.
Don't miss out on 25% off of ALL fabrics Locations in Falls Church and Alexandria, VA. Sale goes through Saturday.
No man can walkout on his own story.
Lol travis como se dice man gang.
The answer to our #trivia question was Arthur Miller!
11 I Could Make A Wish~ If I could Erase my mistakes, and fulfill my DESTINY:-) !!
lessner is kicking ass !
look what I post, is this for the EscapeRoutes show?
They can use a different former Yankee for all 162 games
HUGE SPIDER OMFG AH.
It's something we've thought about, for sure.
Bears! Shocker!
I don't care what the Bangles say. Mondays are my fun day.
Wait. You suck. I thought you were writing a paper, and had 10 pages left.
Found Ian's wall! He does good work. His color studies are really cool. Phil Yabut is on 2 as well.
It's longer later at the lowest highest point.
Boxer Puppy Rescued from NJ Fire Firefighters rescued a a boxer puppy that was hiding under a bed in a burning house in New Jersey Friday
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Madi Bright for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
I thoroughly enjoy your Tweets! Thought provoking and entertaining (and good taste in music).
Mission Impossible marathon!! Cant wait for :)
Now that is a good story. I don't suppose you'd tell us who they are?
Marvin Austin still on the board for the Go Pack Go tonight. Called it last night with that big Browns trade.
i wasnt trying to say 'relationship'. i was saying REALIZATION.
SWEEP! RT : wins again, their 11th victory in 13 games, their best stretch since they won 16 of 19 in August of 2008
Working on adding a new challenge to my circuit training & new protein + carb recovery drink immediately after #exercise. In maintain mode.
There too many brands that don't get the value of a mobile accessible website. What gives? I want to know where to find a Cosi from my BB!
awh. Thank you :)
We hope to bring your friends and family to Baltimore or Excellent Venue with friendly and beautiful staff !
I Aint Slept That Good In Weeks !
should I be scared? I think so ..
The secret ingredient will be randomly chosen from a hat to make it fair
just got it back :)
Been listening to For a while but now I HEAR him.
Gearon is just jealous Garnett doesn't play for the Hawks.
just your back? ;)
better late than never...;)
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing customized homes in San Antonio TX.
Next time your girl wants you to take her somewhere expensive to eat, take her to the airport for a hamburger.
Moving to a new apartment: what should take the place of cable? Netflix? Hulu Plus? Wait and see what Xbox Live Diamond has in store?
HEY! Things are GREAT. ;) How are things in SF?
3 common lies from guys: I'm sorry, I love you, I won't hurt you but we fall for it everytime.
Thanks for coming. let's all share our work at another CC event soon!
Stay local, ask the man: : Ok, I'm ready to get my tattoo. Any #Fresno local artist or shop recommendations?
she just like the rest of em smh!
third eye blind!
I didn't know our prom theme was India! I love it!
I'm sick today..I have been all weekend. This sucks :(
I have so much homework i'm supposed to do and letters i'm supposed to send. I've been procastinating... fml.
oh Jennifer
Looking forward to closing on our house on Friday. I can't believe we secured a 30-year fixed mortgage at 3.75%.
rad! invite me to help haha
..there are cosequences for all.. even for puffed up blow fish whom think they are a legend in their own mind
I haven't felt one since living in Taiwan as a little girl. Twitter has been awesome to see the scope of this thing!
"If you're asked to remove your clothing, you should ask for a supervisor or manager." At risk of arrest or missing a flight?
The Chicago Blackhawks are hosting the Florida Panthers tonight at the United Center. Buy your tickets for this game by calling 888-493-0004
Dragons and unicorns hate each other?
Hailey Hammen now rides a big girl bike without training wheels - these balance bikes are something special.
Modern warfare is killing me! All of yesterday consumed by 18 year old son, busy killing people everywhere! Oy!
thanks for the shout out - mucho appreciated!
Clio, the muse of history, is as thoroughly infected with lies as a street whore with syphilis.
You are go to jiggle it
thanks for RT! Looking forward to seeing you !
I am so sorry to hear that! Our team is here to assist!
BARACK IS THE BEST =D haha
Next time your in DENVER to play the nuggets, come down to the Restaurant.....The best point guard in the game, good luck bro.
Gas, Food, Walmart Gift Cards, Watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com then sign up at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I will supply leads each week.
My dog just locked me out of my house....wtf.
I feel that. that's fair.
Great time Uptown w/winemaker Jon Priest-Etude
Seeing old people hold hands and kiss is the cutest
I've got sunshine, on a cloudy day
Sounds like you are having a typical day for you. Let me guess, you'll finish it with an awesome dinner, beer, maybe scotch.
haha john said he wanted to c it hahaha! And yeah ivy needs some to we should like all go with the glasses
Welcome! #TwitterPowerHour RT : Thanks so much to and for the shout out!! #loveyouguys!
we're two lame fuckers.
MAYbe one day I'll be on your podium. A man can dream, eh?
Awww happy for you! RT : It's weird to say boyfriend again, but I like it.
Free wicking 'tech t-shirt'! Register before March 31st for the Head For The Hills Bike Rally - headforthehillsrally's posterous...
Hasn't been my experience :)
I have to wait another hour?
please email our publisher at
Omfg I got a really pretty VeraWang dress for my dance, but I don't know if I'll use it. But still looking for another dress.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY WBTB!
Music education from an early age is not just about knowing music theory. It is also about helping children become better human beings.
Eat one for me too, then.
sweet! Are you going to x-mas ball?
baha...there are just sometimes when you need that perfect blend of dance jammz, vocal riffing, and sasha fierce
I have to ask #sanantonio ladies what's the best place for a mani/pedi?? I think I need it after this crazy week!
Who else is ready for Halloween!?! If you wear your costumes to our show on the 20th you get $2 off your entree fee!!
looking for apartments is always a journey. Goodnight twitter.
It could definitely help. So could the purple line extending to the VA. It's pretty bad out here...
WHY DO GIRLS TAKE FOREVER?????
Already starting off my day in a terrible mood, being stuck in Rosen's class for 2 hours just made it that much better
Awesome! Certainly was a beautiful day yesterday to celebrate moms. Today is the opposite down here in DC.
Hello, doing a little bit better and I keep looking forward to GOD.
I bet 9875209708795709827049587094387509$ that won´t follow me :(4
All packed and ready for an early flight to Vegas in the AM. See you there!
Found a nice educational video to show area school children regarding dental health. February is National children's dental health month
Cool :) & I were wondering if non-HG-readers would be totally lost. We'd both read b4hand. You should read other 2!
aww thanks u jus made my morning
RT : Republican Steve Cooley concedes Calif. attorney general race to Democrat Kamala Harris – AP
I hear you its so easy to lose track of time ur either up and you want to keep going or
I hope the use the theme from Rocky for that show
We signed A Gonzalez and B Lloyd! Sweet Lord! Can't wait for next season to start!
Told my country aunt to listen to my spot on NPR's All Things Considered today. She said, "What's NPR? Is it on t.v.?"
worthy in 2nd, cousins in 3rd...to who? No idea
"Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest." Mark Twain
okay.. calm down miguel.... lol, it's fine how it is. i'll try to solve this dilemma tomorrow.
On my way to the to speak about add-ons. Looking forward to it!
Please don't do it. I swear on my entire life, it gets better! Please rethink and talk to somebody. It ALWAYS gets better!
don't be nervous. We are a kind audience hungry for info.
had to read the date to be sure it wasnt April Fool's joke. It took them 5 months to come to the conclusion that this is just wrong?
Real Fox News headline: Big thinking, bold Newt Gingrich is America's real-life Captain Kirk
RT“: This is a Condon production. No doubt. Spin. Spin. Spin. Its why Tom is a top agent.”
the 9pm episode. Hilarious. "dump all over me!" haha
omg im so sleepy.
Love pandroa! hates the ads when you want to change the song !!
Danger, in the shape of something wild.
Parkrose Neigh Assoc rep talks re: improving livability along Sandy Blvd. 'Need red lite turned off & red carpet rolled out.'
Scanning is just one option. We also make uploading really easy on our website. Give it a try!
Ah, but only the skilled succeed at secret handshakes.
Ladies and gentleman, our composer Mr. It's good to see your reemergence on Twitter.
Thanks, Matthew! My ambition outpaced my talent back then...now I have less ambition.
Kansas City BBQ festival! My taste buds are poplin and the music is jumpin! Taking me back to my southern roots!!
Thinking u are probably right!
Almost Maine rehearsal!
Basically, this means you need to move to Houston...or better yet - we need to move back to Austin!
That text message was hilarious no lie xDDDD
Just Saw The LAST Austream Of 2011(: My FIRST TIME EVER Watching You Live :') I LOVE YOU AUSTIN <3 Come To Seattllleee(;
hit up or he designed my site
haha you girls gone dominate haha get them W's hhaa
cut the b ' s LORR BRANDY
Challenge of creating something this is the creation of "Unified Medical Language System" which interrelates concepts in an ontology
Lol RT : Y.O.L.O. = You're only loved online.
Work work work....
How do #comic #artists average a page a day?! I'm not even doing that much to prepare for #c2e2 and it's killing me O.o
Okay, really weird craving tonight...Candy Corn!
Try Our New Lunch & Dinner Menu, A Twist of Indian/Himalayan Flavors!
and that was surely a thing nobody wanted.
I wish my former rm would stop sending me crap about his stupid cult. Go away dude.
These kids so cute !
I'd rather have pancakes.... and one less t-shirt to pack.
The cutest thing is when someone falls asleep texting you, because that means they didn't want to say goodbye.
You think the state of California will come after hologram Tupac for that $2 mil in back taxes?
Man these damn Hawk Cards wearing me down son
hahaha will do! Is it on netflix?
Good luck! (:
Just had the best convo ever.
#internship RT : We need bloggers & interns, if interested please contact
Going to try to use this Twitter thing again!!! :)
Gonna get to my 6,000 tweet today!
Have been entering the sweepstake everyday like a loyal fansie
Time to think.
cracks me up! lol
#2012. A new year... But more importantly, it marks the end to chacha's tweets. " #bam "
im gonna miss you tomorrow :/
"we will therefore be tempted to trim the message to win the favor of others rather then to covert them to God's reign." - david e. garland
i need some new music....any suggestions?
Two of the classiest guys in the NBA and
I'll try to make it 'round about midnight... lots of work yet to do today (he said before crawling out of bed, hungover)
On the Treadmill trying to burn at least 80 calories
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
#YouLookLikeTheType that would think I actually give a fuck!
I'm sorry that you chose to love the ones that would hurt you and hurt the ones that loved you, I'm even more sorry that I care - Pia Mia
Eh, I consider them the same thing, lol.
That was actually done very well!!
Just stand outside your front door, phone in hand. Hit the safari app. Presto!
no chaster is suppose to be sad tonight my dear cheer!!:)
It took 3 tries to get coffee made this morning. Hopefully I can turn the day around...
o, nice to know! I seriously love working on it. Dying to be done :)
I think your retweet from the Washington Post about the duck needs to be incorporated w/
For the thrill of it.
When you are looking for a new apartment remember sometimes you get what you pay for.
Halloween plans? #zombiewalk in #check #howl #check #scarystories #check what are you doing?
Awesome day, Rocked the MSOP event at Judy and Dick Wagner's house! Thank you very much for allowing us to be part of your event.
That's awesome. Writers can be so weird.
Don't switch your attitude when you realize how I think ..
Oh, yeah! Pancake House, then a hike at Letchworth - gotta love 70s in mid March!
This day last year retweeted me!
STOP KONY! He has abducted over 20,000 children!!!!
time to go burn one to the face with !
and was all like were you kissing anybody? I told him no and he said alright all relieved... and thus ends my long ass
RT “: readers are out there but you have to meet them on their terms on their devices. #tocchicago”
RT : #ptondh is the new hashtag for digital humanities at Princeton. Brainstorming today.
hey, busy man! Good night and welcome to sister!!
All alone in this world.
We might go winless but I want #Terps in the big 10 bad, ACC fb is bad
N u r gonna get once da Movie drop w/ur Soundtrack on there 2 n ur Acting 2.
Broken heart... or it at least isn't whole.
I may be a dumb blonde but im not that blonde(:
NYTimes Thu. 4-21 Questioning fashion exhibits in museums. When will the NYT understand museum economics and politics?
Stones in the road? learn how to run with #rocksinyourshoes I just finished a 5.15 mi run pain free #runningcureseverything #10ksunday!
y'all, i just love 90's pop music & videos so much. i immediately get sucked back to watching TRL after school. list of favorites to follow
lol exactly. I can't catch up
#DTLA, Your sleeve ads will be distributed by coffee shops to their custommers throughout their business hours.
Thx #frontline 4 doing a great job sketching out
San Antonio Riverwalk light-up ceremony with the family! All 20 of us!
yeah, it helped mine.
seeking a Legal #Reference #Librarian in #NYC to work part-time evening hours!
I'm from Hawaii (: haha you?
Oh, you.
Fletcher: San Diego's transportation conversation needs to go beyond potholes. He does not support the high speed rail project:
#PlansForTheSummer swimming, sleeping, running, vacationing, drinking, listening to music, chilling, watching TV, and being done with school
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
Exactly!! Get the blood flowing before the beer does!!
Damn,day off and I am up at 8am,blasphemy!
“: #reversethecurse, an UNDRAFTED guy on the cover in the year '13!? 13!?!? This is destiny!!”
staying up late editing and practicing the new acoustic songs - getting ready for the next Ustream which I'll announce soon.
I never believed in the Friday the 13th curse...until today. Food allergies are a pain in the neck :(
Why did the hipster burn his tongue? He ate pizza before it was cool.
also known as : bitchassness <<<
Adopting a homeless dog is not just an act of kindness but finding an unwavering devotion, loyalty and companionship forever. ...
Love : A Go-Giver is someone who shifts focus frm getting 2 giving &consistently provides value to others via
congrats! Tough track hope my guys do better next time
I had the same exact problem. 4 days in a row is a lot though...
nice catch! Get it done!
Dumb hi
apparently it's next weekend
life makes love look hard.
Hi, i am your biggest fan. I wish i could be like u when you wake up you go on stage and start singing.
happy holidays to you too!
&#9786; Protect Your Privacy
I wud guess if u haven't signed unlimited contract in past two years, Big Red has u over barrel.
We've all seen a dirty car in the parking lot with "wash me" spelled out in the dirt. Has anyone ever written a message on your car?
are u ready to go home ????
Finally got around to changing it - was too long and funky looking.
John Lee Hooker at the El Rey Theater Friday April 8th Don't miss it!
sports business is awesome! Same passion here. Interested in anything related to this in the NYC area, moving there as of Friday :)
I was just looking at flights to Europe but I'm down for canada too
Well, I believe in money. But it ends there with what I do now.
RT : "Facebook really blows" — You said a mouthful there, brother. It just seems so Baptist & folksy anymore.
oye puta are you at reunion?
girl it's colder over here lol
Off to school! 8 hrs of my life with my best friends!((((: #HOLA!
And the winner is:a super cool international iced tea brand that could use a SR Idea for some brand/product attention!Nice!!
Twitter discussed as really unique medium for sports media, above most other platforms.
Avacyn in the house!! Hope to see everyone here on Sunday!
Commentary: It's boardroom vs. bedroom in America
Can't wait to see our wedding singer on tonight! Be sure to watch
How about Edmodo? It's like facebook.
I'm in love and I don't care who knows it! <3
I would wait until WP 3.4 is in RC state before starting dev, if you're that concerned about it.
Happy Easter Everyone!!!! Jesus is risen!!!!!
how did your bday weekend turn out?
There is great value in giving of yourself for others. Children need to be shown this early in their lives.
I'm so excited!
So, I need to change my What should I change it to?
Wow, no one's suggested I not use it. I think it makes lists easier to read. Agreed on apostrophe misuse. That's the worst!
Fuck You Mean Maury Yo Baby Daddy ? o.O
good looking on that one...OKC got this one...Sorry Kobe's biggest fan in the world
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives. It strengthens understandings!
Our Hero cuts bread so smoothly that no steam escapes.
Timothy Dolan elevated to Cardinal, all-male Congressional hearing on womens rights, NJ Gov vetos LGBT marriage. 2012 or 1504?
Beautiful #stpatricksday - glad I am sober to enjoy it at Rounding Third. :) #happylife go #Marquette !!
RT SHIT CHILLIN ,WORKIN MY BUTT OFF LOL< yeah me too,and the heat dont make it better
on dm in a minute
your a cutie(;
written goals are dreams with deadlines...
If u are in Detroit go down to butzel family center
Bored as... fudge <.< (No more bad word zone)
there is a monster storm bearing down on us now...we are as soggy as a piece of french toast dunked in coffee
was on fire this am!!! Amazing service - TRUE WORSHIP vs false worship!
Tired of being ur doormat...
have a great weekend!
Twitter just told me I'm a wind bag....to be more cleaver. Go Pack Go!
The phrase "Most American families have 2.5 kids.." is taken to litteral by Americans... That DOSE NOT mean that people have half kids
thank you for your vote of confidence, I'll get back in the twitter swing next week - saw Jeannine Roth - she talks about ...
Yeah, definitely is a horrible day.
Internet dating leads to internet marriage..
Followers.....I'm interviewing the actor Bill Chott tonight! He plays Mr. Larritate on wizards of waverly place, starred in the ringer,
Movie star planet. Today.
Living a healthy lifestyle will only deprive you of poor health, lethargy, and fat.
I'm really unwell. Please make me smile by clicking my follow button.. Please Austin<U+2665>3
Getting my ducks in a row for my agent meeting next week.
Find of the Day: great search engine for travel prices at sidestep.com...
god! I miss back when we used to all hang out together. Do you still hang out with anyone from that group?
however it is what it is and i think its phenominal..and for whatever reason they thought it was best to go with..so i trust them :)
So basically if you're an innocent black teen in NYC you should expect a Terry stop at least once a year until you're 25.
RT : Night y'all be blessed last home game tomorrow
only $45/month when you sign up for a year!
Snow in Boston - hey hey let's play two!
It seems like with each new Dark Knight Rises picture/behind the scenes info released I get less excited about it...and want more AVENGERS!
Can I post it tomorrow?! My phones about to die...
RT : Im at 21st and alberta setting up for #lastthursday!! i have zombie bunnies! hope to see you there!
Better yet why not party with the beautiful ladies of the Gentleman's Gold Club?
So why DON'T children's books just go ahead and use footnotes rather than endnotes? Or both? Wouldn't it enrich kids' learning more?
check your dms(;
It's quality of play, too. Martins is not a solid player. He is getting older and face it, last year at Benfica he sucked.
You will NEVER run out of options.
I LOVE HOW I GET MORE N MORE FOLLOWERS BUT NEVER BE ON HERE
Great day yesterday at the #winter open at Captain CrossFit. Goodies coming soon!
Apparently my first name is misspelled. Could I get a RT to cheer me up? Thanks.
I Need More Fans Come On And Be On Lil'Wegi Team SoCold Ent.... There Strong And Committed
I was thinking that it'd be sweet to go before turning in this paper- but then again, it's already too long!
aww your so sweet!:)
You become responsible forever for what you've tamed. ~ Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
#ThankATeacher - Thanks Mr. Andelson for being the type of teacher that brings out the best in all students using creativity to inspire!
What up stranger?!
I'd apologize but I don't know what I'm doing wrong.
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
It's a sad day when a Democratic president uses Republican misinformation & lies to justify his support for a disaster of a pipeline
*Smiles* I've missed you.
I'll take the over if it's shots taken...
Every out fit & pair of shoes alaysia got Jessica got fa her from doing hair!
Those Miller Lite commercials are really funny. I don't usually like commercials so this is a first! Good job Miller for making me laugh!
Arrived in #NOLA 4 the #AMAconference! Let's go
All smiles :)
Good Heavens! Hadn't checked #Klout for awhile, but apparently now I'm influential about Costco, Marriage, Cars, Sports and Math. WTH?
Excited for my DC/NC trip but hate packing.
Realizing I've spent 14 years loving the album that destroyed patty schemel's life broke my heart
Thanks for the RT. Have a wonderful evening!
OH: "they're having like boner parties"
part of my tattoo is either art nouveau or art deco, but I don't know which.... it's geometric, maybe art deco.
: - I have the same setup - I'm sitting Fitz I think. Ryan is due for a big game and it'll need to be a shootout.
It was a fantastic night with Nick Mueller & friends! RT So how was the ride in #Bacchus last night?
My daughter wants to watch Episode I. I'm trying to explain what an offensive racial stereotype is.
it sucks when has ustream concerts at either 1 in the morning or when I'm at school :(
I feel like it's going to be a "Buy a used copy of MacGruber on DVD"-kind of week. I know you've all been there.
hook it up I'm trying to GTL. lmao jk thats cool though sounds fun :)
Most of what we call management consists of making it challenging for folks to get their work executed.
Going to #WITS tomorrow?
Jurassic Park is the best movie of all time, anybody that disagrees can suck it
thats a start watch u end up liking him in like 2 weeks
Just woke up from an awesome dream about Justin Bieber it was amazing :)
thanks for the tip. We are at Club Acela now getting ready to hop a train back to #Boston ~ will check it out next time.
the on screen kbd is better than I expected, but I am getting a wireless kbd as well. Should be a big help.
Just started to listen to some of your songs! You're good! Thanks for the follow! Gonna have to buy some music from you!
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com is the Communication Coach himself, Todd Reed! Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
I might kill myself
Amen! RT The world of TV should be ashamed of itself that Steve Carell never won an Emmy for Michael Gary Scott. Goodnight.
Been addicted to the High School Musical series lately. Takes me back to middle school. :)
yeahh I know I really wanted to go. But I might go during the summer
I know its hard to find a JOB after graduation right now, if anybody needs a reference or rec let me know. Im all about helping others
what are your faveu pickles then!?
I swear dude is going in on me lol but im a lil confused what and why
hii!!! I just followed you <3 Please follow back?? :]]
If you are reading this, you are the resistance.
I'm convinced that's why #Rush went deaf...his own ears couldn't take it anymore.
I'm tired of being sick and I'm sick of being tired
was awarded bid; employer responded w/radically different job requirements, want 2 abort, costing me $$, any ding to employer?
It's so -ish out today. Whatcha listening to?
Never chase love, affection, or attention. If it isn't given freely by another person, it isn't worth having.
Back in the office editing today!
Now following: because Kit is so adorable and is a fabulous petmom. :)
The break has been wonderful but it's not as much fun without my hus. Ready for semester 2
Just the right amount of wrong and a good amount of bad
low tech.. and the guy doesn't blog externally? sounds like the lawyers won over there.
It's warm out, but I'm ready to go out & sweep my driveway in my Kopitar jersey if they win!
Went from sleeting, raining, snowing, and now the sun is out all in about 20 minutes. Gotta love pittsburgh weather
Does a good employee make a good manager? Good employee turned bad manager equals more charges.
Gettin our sang on (w/ )
Why are so many people for my hometown pregnant? It's disgusting. I only drink diet coke when I go home. I refuse to drink the water.
You don't need a turkey to have a great Thanksgiving, you just need thankfulness..
performing tonight with The Aaron Shapiro (banjo) Big Band at Village Records (2010 W. Roscoe, Chicago) for EveryPeople Workshop. 8-9pm.
Aww man. I could've swore this all came from sitting in this cold class on this cold chair.
Stop complimenting these hoes & compliment ur girl...Priorities all fucked up!
oh just thinking about some jump rope, no big got 99 hair ties and she ain't missing one excuse me, can I borrow a hair tie?
Type jokes on #HappyEndings tonight. Helvetica... good choice!
Thanks for playing Nick Lowe this morning!
Never heard of that show, I'll check it out. I need a dog.
GoodToSee broad, balanced summit talk on
Linux: because rebooting is for adding new hardware
and probably not the best tasting...
Husband has quickly pegged the single dad with a passion for fitness as having great potential for season's biggest d-bag
I hear you're heart call for love but you won't let me make it right.
I just logged on to buy and they aren't yet posted :(. The look book looks great although.
"What is the value of a statement?" Nothing, unless it's backed with actions. Statements should mobilize.
Brides, what are your skin care goals before your wedding?
Brandon Phillips has been trending for three days. I'm ok with that. Lets go
This DVD will be the death of me. So perf.
The better works, the less he's pushed
-all was good, thx. i'll make a full report!
well bullet or belt u choose
This is a TSA security announcement. We are now at threat level "Lemon".
Around this time 4 years ago I became Ms New York! I still continue to promote my platforms HEALTHY HABITS FOR LIFE & I AM 4 WOMEN with <3
G'Night Twitter...
So true and great advice =)
Me too!!
Glitter, wings, push up bras, jayz and kanye...my favorite things!
RT : Okay one more contest- I'll give another 5,000 Amex points to a random person who retweets this tweet.
said it for a LONG time. You too.
I find an ice pick inserted through the eye socket followed by a gentle jiggle to be very helpful in this regard
That's hard! Chandler or Rachel...You?
I cant believe ESPN is comparing a perfect season to a running QB who has won 7 games, What's the bigger story? C'mon Man!
A word of advice to anyone thinking of eating 4 apples in the space of 2 hours: Don't.
thank you! Def stay up w 4 more art! RT : you are absolutely amazing...keep creating..share your gift!
I own a landscaping business. I've had it now going on 5 years an I've been blessed to stay super busy as bad as the economy is!
You're the only person that's been able to make sense of this for me. Wish I had a prize for you. Thank you.
what will happen to traditional retail? Get Ready for a Kitchen Revolution: 100% Natural Spray Cooking Oils from Winona Pure Now in 8 Var
Wish people would just be real for once...if you say something u better have the balls to back it up- not just flap ur gums!
I guess bryans considering himself one of your "girls" lmao
Kinda getting sleepy now....but still dont wana go to sleep and on top of that im hungry now....
Just a few simple issues installing #nagios Core 3.3.1 on Kubuntu 11.10 but I got them worked out time to add devices now.
Sad to leave the best facials and waxes in Chicago with Rachael of Rachael's Spa!
Someone just won $100 in their empanada... Might or might not have more of that to come.
what!!blasphemy
let's here it for ... doing great things, one day at a time!
Thanks Louise lots more to come ;)
Everywhere I Go (Album Version (Explicit)) via
About to drop another song... damn
sue! What time does practice end tomorrow?
awesome! Maybe we should look into doing something similar for smaller shows we attend that we don't intend to write a review of
I wish people would listen as much as they talk
"Affordable housing & health care are terms with emotional appeal that politicians exploit but have absolutely no useful meaning..."
Elmer Fudd and Bugs have changed roles?
Beautiful morning for our second day of work on the #Habitat #VetBuild in Pen Lucy!
Congratulations Where to Eat Guide Seattle...you're full!
high n horny n alone is not da biz right now, lol
hahahaha! Thanks sweetie and I'm SURE you could do it ;)
I want to be able to have girly sleepovers in each of our apartments without the chance of my lungs closing. Pleeeaaaz.
Get a photo with Bucky at the Helen C. House Party – Today from 8-9pm.
Think I'll take some of my coins over 2 the coin show today n Murfreesboro, Tn & c if they r worth anything...Comfort Suites Thompson ln 9-6
We hope to see you all this Sunday at 1pm at our Mid-City story sharing event!
i think i did idk hahah
hey whats shakin gamers?! its thursday a day before THE best day of the week, FRIDAY!
One of your students in VCD 2 told me they were scared because you said the class will be a meatgrinder.
": totally on board with you now. Robinson blocked me for asking him why his Miami piece has been edited 20+ times"
Thanks for the awesome #FF & sending some #FF <3 your way!
where are you going?!
Music On World Off.
o u poor bastard
hootsuite, though I'm new to twitter so if you find something great, pass the word. Also, I love newsrack for rss feeds.
Prayers go out to #Muamba! Hoping for the best.
#cgxemerge Noha is fantastic... Back by popular demand for sure!
bahahahahahahaha! so funny about rob lowe! omg.
Sometimes you have to
yeah that's just like east coast because you guys colonized it and everything.
& when he said it to me, i said NEVER. y'all shoulda saw his face.
I hate it on my calender..: )
Welcome to Atlanta where the players play.
Hmm. Can't say that I have.
goodmorning my love!!!
One of the judges at #atthack came up to me and said " I fought very hard for your team!" aw....
Great day yesterday, 2 hours sleep, now off to Chicago.
Just saw ALBERT NOBBS. Wonderful, original & touching film with a career-high performance from Glenn Close. Highly recommended!
Merry Christmas Eve!!
: Thanks for welcoming us to the B we are proud of our A+ rating.
Merry Christmas to you all. I also wish you all a special season of faith, hope and love.
Is it me or does throwing bread out for what I can only assume is birds seem like a really bad idea in this city?
time 2 bust out the Bull Durham lines...that thing needed a stewardess!
Who's gonna watch on Punk'd?? :)
ordering my prom accessories...
If anyone has instagram you should follow me! Mine's liveeittup(:
Tomorrow we have a 350Z rim repair. Love doing rim repairs for clients. Can never find where the damage occurred once completed.
Thx Ellyn! U need to come by and see her. :)
Happy Birthday to my Dad, who continues to the stress the importance of changing my oil, being nice to people, and urban living.
Got these tacos and burritos jumping off before the kids get home!! First snowfall with a great dinner by moi.... Life is good!!! :)
im good and how are you?
Not in a good mood. Surprising my coach at her wedding today. Negative: seeing those girls today.
wtffff o.O
Going to Frenchman, might play some on the street to help promote Search & Restore! (badass music festival happening this week!)
don't work at lowes if you're busy.
This is gonna the good life .....
Whenever I find a bug in a piece of testing code, I feel like there's some kind of great crisis in the universe.
.... I'm confused but ok. Ahaha
Dinner @ sweetwater in Falls Church VA Done. Next up up next indian leg wrestling round robin tourny... Marc vs Frannie D first bracket..
i cant stop listening to your song 11:11!!!(: im gonna buy it on itunes!!!(: <3 RT?
I'm about five minutes ahead of you! RT : best part of the day: pajama pants time!
sounds like a spreadsheet edit is required.
Nice at bat by Lucroy! Takes Bailey to center on an 0-2 count. Braun and Ramirez score. Lucroy hitting over .400 with RISP this year
Nicolas Cage's real name is Nicolas Kim Coppola
Have the Time of Your Life.. Dying!
How are the Indians doing.
The amount of employee applications we get is phenomenal.
Vicariously living, thanks to fb and twitter, through each of my friends here and in Vegas... Go out and party! I miss it so much...
At 1 pm EST join us for 30 minutes to talk about how to stay on top of all the lobbying activity!
Great dinner in the beautiful city of Boston with wonderful people I work with.
can you please follow me back
This rain makes me way to sleepy!
I know it was an automated message but it still brightened my day
dr jeremy j velasco. he's probably not even far from your work. hes right by union square
Looks like #SportingKC is going to be wearing the dark blues again tonight based off what I'm seeing for foot wear
I'm loving my commute: a five-minute scooter ride through downtown
You lucky duck!
Happy Birthday !
you and the Mrs better come!
Way to close out the half!!!
Waddup up doe !!
RT <U+266B> New House Music Mix 2011 vol. 6: Your Ad Here <U+266B> New House Music Mix 2011 vol. 6 FOLLOW ME ON: Facebook: www.fa......
Superb walk today -- SO sorry I was DST-challenged. All clocks set now!
Getting some lunch at chatham tap
RT: SEOers online dialog vs. soc media experts: former better understand importance of connection between social and SEO
Off work b4 5o'clock? #TGIF!
Thanks to all my tweeps for the birthday wishes, since I am in Alaska I still have 4 more hours to party woohoo!
Thank you for following us. Hope to see u in soon,no #pinkslime here! Lol
News Flash: Men are not the problem, what ur asking of them is where u screw it up!
no hq yes, but do you have a data center?
“: Who has an iPhone?”~~~question is who doesnt?
After a travel break, now doing my second airport dinner in two weeks. Glad this isn't a regular thing.
Go-lives are exciting times. Here's to a smooth transition away from paper!
You know on at least some level Condi Rice is bummed.
There is an orb in my fridge
I don't know how many times I read "In the Night Kitchen" to my kids. It was one of my favorites too.
All this talk about S.O.P.A. only gets Hispanics craving home made soup or (sopa)
aunt you have a big talent #yee you're the best singer <3 (:
Was great mtg you, too, despite Megabus' best efforts to thwart your visit.
God is awesome!!!
Grier: Wants set aside in Title I for turnaround/low performing schools. "Turning around schools is hard work and takes $$"
thanks for sharing!
but like she still got the cell phone .
Can't wait til they come here & just TORCH the table.
Shakopee is trending. Never thought I'd see the day....
oh Aha
You might be a Communist or Socialist if your marching in a May Day Parade today. See USSR, Cuba, Venezuela for examples…
Ready for the #Brewers #NLCS and the #Packers, going to be a good afternoon of Wisconsin sports.
*are administrative decisions
my dog just crop dusted the house. i hate her. so much. so so so much. lol
Randall Saddler of a university with too long a name: teacher training w/technology. Student teachers developing virtual comm. of practice
Hm, maybe once or twice, so guilty as charged!
#Flyers1975 have fun golfing!
TWO NEW businesses for your home improvement! Los Angeles Garage Door Repair and Randall Weidner Fine Art/Palm Springs.
Tonight's Food Special: Brie & Balsamic Onion Burger!
Hello Met fans!! Enjoy DJ Carrasco for me! :)
Say hello to Larisa Zade, our Communications Specialist!
I've missed tweeting on this account lol(:
Amusing that Sally has Betty for a role model & is deeply intelligent but Bobby has Don & is basically a human hairball.
#WhenBlackPeoplePlayMonopoly They always get mad and the board ends up getting flipped over.
for real:\
With elections coming up and the economy not doing so well.....is this a good strategy?
Where's the sermonic selection?
To a man who has only a hammer in his tool kit, every problem looks like a nail. -African Proverb
Better than ticketing people for jaywalking, another favorite activity of bored Seattle cops.
Blake...Jordis is "The Voice" Our Musical World NEEDS Jordis Unga's Soulfulness...She is a Beautiful Soul !!!!!
Mahalo to all of our followers! Mahalo to those of you who joined Island Connex! Support Polynesian small businesse! Join
stick to the script BROTHER
LOL!! RT #ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate : Excuse me while I check in with my parole officer. :/
RT : The first and only hurdle is believing in your own ability. What people think of you does not define what you're capable of...
GO LIU Brooklyn!
Mahomies , do any of you live in London , UK ? or anywhere near it ..?
Didn't catch the Spiritualized reference the first time through. Always nice to discover a fellow fan. Cheers.
I can't stand the ginger juice either.
If ur reading this tweet! Then follow my other account only need 2 more to reach 1000 followers! Please =D
Ahh! I can't wait for AVICII next week! I'm ready to go wild! TEXT ME!?(:
that was this am. earlier. I would have loved a happy hour at 930 for the night librarian.
Roses are red, violets are blue my heart beats for you. <U+2665>
It's not often a department head calls you and says he's completely ignorant about the library, then asks for your help.
how's that I don't get
follow back?
haha im not even with u right now im at my house!
Some ppl are just a mess!!
Why is it that I always pack for vacation like I'm never coming back? Maybe it's a sign that I really should stay and never come back...
Please Lord KEEP my Family in your Arms!!! Help the Emergency workers get to all TRAPPED in the Buildings there in Indiana! I TRUST n GOD!
much appreciated!
Reporter: You gotta admit that's a hell of a drive, 400 yards. Shooter: What did he finish again? Dead last? Oh yea he had a good day though
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. ~Mark Twain
Wine school is in session today at 6 p.m. See you there!
Not even following the Big Bang Theory can save a show as bad as ROB.
Orders going out to Washington (D.C.) and Washington (State) today, how is that for ironic?
if tomorrow morning you're up early enough to catch daybreak, then check me out! I'm getting my 15 minutes of FAME!!!
Having a boyfriend is so damn complicated and stressful (n)
Sure! But, uh...SPOILER ALERT much?
"if you're 1/16th Cherokee, colleges will suck your dick!"
It's GREAT to be ALIVE!
“: Can I just fall over and die now?” Rafa , are you okay ? :(
#NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe
A voice activated virtual recording engineer...someone make it happen.
dammit.. server crashed, I don't know what you're talking about!
Power is out...
I Hve all the energy in the world for this late night cardio but my legs seriously want to give out
Thank You Chris R. For Liking free vegas comedy today!!
Sorry knicks who? Lin what? Oh I forgot Miami Heat left no room for the knicks to show out
nothing much, wbu?? :) btw i think im you're 1st follower ;D right?
Is very proud of her Lakers for winning game 1 last night!
“: Miller on Sidiki Johnson: "Hopefully he can work to get better, but I'm not counting on it."” <--- did he really say that?
Ahh yes, good times...
RT : "I'm a beast, you a pet" lmao- aka long neck Keith sweat haha
lol yeeeaaa Ohkay...i already took it as a compliment by default....but that's bc I KNOW YOU. A stranger would have got LIT!!! LOL
come on. you know you want to ... all the cool kids are doing it. if you don't believe it, just ask them. ;-)
What is your favorite #movie or #TV car? We're big fans of KITT!
Yeah mom! Obama just gave a shout out to teachers!
please bring us more Spy stickers soon!
awesome stuff. Really digging the new lattice work.
#geekend #fa111 great job ! Loved your transmedia storytelling presentation.
fuck exercise b
Who me? Tell you about what? :)
I'll call you soon
excellent dude. hope it's a perfect fit.
RT : ": in the mood to retweet stuff . hope u don't mind"< in the mood to retweet stuff . hope u don't mind
Too funny. Was registering 4 #googleplaces business kit & watching on Then read hotpot tweet from game
yes, we are getting so close!!!!!! it is a fangirl squeal kind of moment.lol
Most men's erections are five-and-a-half to six inches long.
We made it! We are going to play at the Hard Rock. THANK YOU SO MUCH for voting. It is only because of you that we have this opportunity.
LETS GO CAPS! LOL
#NP Dream Chasers 2 - Meek Mill
I guess I should be happy, it could have been greyhound and greasy chicken bags.
Darn you, now I want them too! Oh well, a gal can dream. =P
he never ceases to amaze me, THE Kobe Bryant
Gr8 day at for lunch. Much love & support 4 finding cure 4 #foodallergy proud to participate!
Editorial about #librotraficantes in Friday's New York Times, y'all!
Met with the AD's from Kansas and Illinois today. Talk about depressing. Might as well coach a Pop Warner football team.
sag member with nypd uniform available
you should put on there "thanks" and the twitter handles that donate
Lord you loved me through my good and bad you didn't erase my future because of my past. You just keep on loving me.
Alfred North Whitehead~ Art is the imposing of a pattern on experience and our aesthetic enjoyment is recognition of the pattern.
aww no problem!
Cooking channel has great recipes for fun and easy dishes. FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME the Neely show
U can take the mega bus from cbus for 25 bucks lol
Miss you. PS: Wine night asap. Probably some time this later week. Maybe sunday… HMM??
Yes Kirk that does sound familiar which is why no one wanted to see this game again.
love the music! keep it up!
Good game... Didn't have a good feeling about it but it was good. Nice plays good throws AND good stealing for BOTH teams.
The only things in life you regret, Are the risks that you didn't take. ~ by Anonymous ~
Catching up on So good!
Really wish it was 5 o'clock already
sweet thank you :) no I don't know that line. What's your website and your friends? I'll look at them
he wonders if you think about him anymore
We don't have one yet, but as soon as we do, I'll link it to you. Want to make a reservation?
yes!! that is definitely where my school is headed.
": we come from two different worlds <U+2764>"
Who wants a Watermelon Gimlet!?
Congrats on your big win!
Thanks for the follow e i was you 799 f0llowr
What a day. Quite sad and interesting all in one. I would be more invested in it, if I wasn't so rested and ready to move on to next week.
Jesus Christ...what did you do those 3 days you were dead... cause this problems gonna last more than the weekend
great advice! But I think it makes for good songs hahahaha. Terrible mentality huh?
No Its Okay Finish Your Story I Always Yawn When Im Interested
still sneezing. so much sneezing.
My favorite chocolate or candy is __________________?
Lazy Sunday! HELL TO THE YES!
So, now that the super important football title is decided, can we get back to Syria?
damn i need some ppl to fwm bored as hell right now
fortunate that hospitals so close to shooting site. Hopefully, injured will benefit.
This will NOT BILL anyone who want's to help me out. just FYI I need to make sure things are working properly. tks in advance.
My thoughts go out to my good friend Rick who is recovering from back surgery today! It sounds successful. I wonder if OHSU would let ...
what you doing youngin? any more trips to the creek?
hey watch your damn mouth young lady
I'm feeling good about us forcing +30 vs. the enforcers (terrible follow-up to the movie 300, set at #paxeast)
How bout those boys from Denton!! Congrats !!
dont do that
Mark Milliron takes the stage for The Learn & Earn Baker's Dozen. Education matters!
Trimmed the fat off of Email::Sender::Server, no db per-se (no DBIC), home-grown MQ, less code, better performance.
I love Rudy's! Especially Jimmy!
This tow truck pursuit is boring!
This sunday come out to our show at the live bar in greenville NC
Indeed! RT I think we gotta get DaVinci and Roger from together.
It only took a month to hit me that J. Stamos is in those yogurt commercials cos he's Greek. Oops.
Are there klouchebag perks? Bc I deserve some #Klouchebag Site Mocks #Klout, Measures Your 'Asshattery' cc
": Tonight 7pm at Harrah's in New Orleans is the Ticket Release Party!"
Linkin Park is FINALLY back to releasing good music.
I'm such a liberal I love it.
$1 for $10 Worth of Food and Beverages at Mad Dog's Eatery. Limited quantities. This is an unbelievable deal. www.dealoria.com
“: I have an 8 AM exam. I'm sad.” I feel you man
#200 - Great job #Wake!
Really good feedback from the German course delivered on Thursday 'A very enjoyable way to learn and pitched at a good level'.
Why do I invest so much time and emotion into my favorite sports teams? Because of days like today.
Learning how to give and receive homework on cell phones, who would have guessed.
u love the dilly
wondering who is using oral history in a museum context?
<3 This! RT : This week I taught 3 fourth graders how to use mentormob at home. Both kids & parents were all so engaged!
im in the mood for a beer and a burger.
Working on quilts for the shop today! Have you checked out our kickstarter fund yet? Find the link thru
Childhood memory: playing roadkill bingo on long car trips. Really messes with the illusion of humane influence on animal population.
good luck tonight
People need to lighten up
Irving plaza nyc sat. jan 15th. Tickets are 20 bucks.... or 100 sardines! Waddle waddle
Ariana i love you!!<3 i am such a huge fan, i hope you see me :(<333333333333333
When I was growing up most kids wanted to be sports, music, or movie stars. I wanted to Henry Gondorff from The Sting
I want to see you so bad tonight. Give me a hint where you're playing?
RT A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. Ayn Rand
Christopher Nolan is a genius. Your arguments are invalid.
please stop that noise.
Hoping for win for the blazers tonight!!
Brides, wedding vendors check out
HI, can you please add a Seattle or Portland or Vancouver B.C. date? Or even better, all of them? :)
It's Dark and Rainy Out, Maybe There's a Song in There Somewhere!
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pinacolada!
Lolz I'm always down for the cause when and where??
LOS ANGELES (If you know of someone, please forward this along to them please) Talented actress needed for a short Dark thriller for the…
My hotwings turning out to be great
hey there
yes of course!!
because i refused to have sex.
Strange Journey reminds me of what vid games used to be like before they became infested by sally's that can't handle dying.
Hey AU! Come to Park Place community center for the Gap tonight at 7pm...we will be leading worship and sharing.
Employees who don't live your brand (Brand Zombies) will slowly, but surely, kill it. One customer interaction at a time.
A full pot of coffee and I still cant wake up
They take students if there's space not until they run out of it.
:S *hands an icyhot* better? ;P
I finally finished season 5 of #Californication! The finale is intense. Take care Hank Moody
Hilarious show let's ride nigga!! Lmao
BEER FOR MY HORSES - TOBY KEITH W/WILLIE NELSON
Ugh i fucken hate world geo or history, its so boring! -_- my worst subject!!
No - that's a myth. You idiots.
The efficacy of Virginia Tech's "no weapons allowed" policy is evident again today. Some people are just slow learners.
I don't step on toes n I don't share women...cuz until men out# the women, evn the math says I don't hav 2¡
tweet tweet! it's a beautiful saturday morning! off to
can I send u beats?
I've created a MONSTER
#PR is a very intimidating profession. People w/ disabilities can work in PR, but I feel many don't feel it's an option for them.
I know I am late with this but congrats to on the #21st prefect game
On my to do list today: find a way to get into SIA...any suggestions?
Law students on my train excited by rumor of school-wide GPA bump. Didn't seems to quite understand implications of discussing it publicly.
New to twitter (:
Last night I saw you in my dreams, Now I can't wait to go to sleep.#RIPMa!
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is one of the best movies iv'e ever seen.
#SignsYouAreASneakerHead If you have > 100 shoes ...
Huh? It's been sunny for awhile in Douglas Co.
Happy Membership March!! We have some exciting things in the works. Check your email inboxes throughout the month to learn more!
There's a way to avoid randomness in socializing when you're online. Don't do it. Follow a few people you have nothing to "gain" from.
Friday come faster
Send a text...who wants to go for fondue? *crickets* sushi? *crickets* hooters? 4 "I'm in" Again, I need more chick friends.
By popular demand we added #GREEK PASTA to the menu FULL TIME and today its on special for $5 till 4!
I love . If I were serving cake at my wedding it would be their Weekend Cake! I've been pigging out on those since 1993.
dang cant pm you on here...i'll leave you a fb one, xo
: Because we're drinking your #wine. At least, we are in Laurel Canyon.
Well, it looks like I might get to spend my tax return on dead animal removal!
cANT WAIT IMA TOUCH DOWN IN DA CITY..NIGGAS GNE LEARN TO KEEP DEY HANDS OFF OF FEMALES
I fucking hate ghetto people .
I guess lol
Tweet with your city’s hashtag here to help unlock the #Battleship screening!
no, thank YOU!! brilliant stuff!! made my day :)
Metta World Elbows!
just a little intimidated. just a little.
Grades are in, yet school is not out. Summer=doctoral exam, dissertation prospectus, 3 courses to prep, and two weeks of intensive Spanish
I read "Pinterest nutters" as "Nutella." Guess we know where my brain is this morning!
haha well if you're going to make a mess you could always come in and use the shower
This Shining Night will premiere at the Soho International Film Festival. Wed April 18 at 3 PM.
Male librarian rocking the urban lumberjack look.
For your Apple or Dell desktop, notebook or peripheral needs, follow our colleagues or visit www.techstore.uwm.edu
#jasonaldean is coming to miami in August 11 !!!!!
haha thanks for the giggle! ps lunch = yes. cc:
Yes. Kid has strong three stripe ties. It was a motivating factor, for sure.
Seski confused, fly fishing on Deschutes end with Flatbread pizza on table? Down by Old Mill Stream (Seski singing)
The evening slowly unspooling. Billie Holiday on the stereo sweetly inquires "What's new? How is the world treating you?"
Moving very slowly this morning. Need. More. Coffee.
Always and forever is the lock and were the key
I think the rule should be 'Don't be an asshole'. After that the specifics are irrelevant.
Hey ! Interview us about the Zombie Crawl! (voted Westwords Best Free Event)
... and applied them to their various situations from the 1740s to the 1810s
thanks to our new followers!
its a shame the paying fans have to watch a that lineup. Harris over Frazier ..... come on!
yeah- you looking for one?
How the heck does someone screw up egg salad?! That's what I get for trying to experiment.
wear all three of them! Lmao
no, i haven't... there are a few in town, i want to try them all! yuummm!!
RT : #OccupyRichmond #ORVA candlelight vigil in solidarity with #OccupyOakland right now at the corner of Broad and Belvidere.
I have family in Spartanburg...small world!
started with a few weeks ago, your tools have been a great help :)
I know I haven't said much during this tour, but goddamn do I love hearing every night.
That's fantastic -- welcome to the ROC! See you in the fall.
you're more than welcome!!!!
Yes, Monday has returned. But boy, what a nice weekend! Was it fun?
but it's so purtty.
My daughters math teacher failed 19 students and they all have summer school? #doawaywithtenuresheshouldbefired !!
I tipped the barista.
By the way, I was out-of-town for a few days so I'm just catching up on new followers. Welcome!
a few months ago, I hated spicy foods. Now I can't get enough of them.
Fighting is essentially a masculine idea; a woman's weapon is her tongue. ~ Hermione Gingold
#Patriots cold blooded!! Cuttin' folks the day b4 the super bowl!
My swag is like a Jehovah's witness dude, it doesnt take a holiday
I'll also be going to the one next year but that's far from now. haha
shiiid i aint even at the crib right now ill show yu lata
Baseball season starts in 4 days... wow.
Alright I'ma do that .
It's starting to get warm here in PHX already! Better hurry and fine tune my new iced coffee blend.
lucky that we r losing plyrs, but packers will b SB champs! If not, I'll make a donation to the charity of ur choice
It's a bitch girl, but it's gone too far cause you know it don't matter anyway.
gonna be a great day(;
“Why wait to have a problem to have someone to solve it?” -
#TellMeNicki how im gonna get ass like yours ? :)
At Gordon Visualization Conference in Rhode Island
All your swimsuit talk makes me want to be on the beach now.
it was so-so. Not as good as Spirited Away.
hey you!!
Hang in there! back on Twitter! RT Feeling like my life is ruled by project trackers right now...
One day left to have my cake and eat it too
Dear #MiikeSnow, "A Horse is Not a Home" is the best song you've ever written! Please write more, thanks!
You've got a clone!
RT : Google facing WHOPPING FTC fine for Safari privacy gaffe - Millions of juiced Apple surfers adds up to financial blo......
Im exhausted.
I understand; but I don't think it will be silent for the entire 6 days....
Goodbye, #ClassOf2012. I'm gonna miss my big brother<3 Good luck with life and congratulations!!!!
ur so welcome! Follow me!
We now consider selves Republicans (were Dems) because unfort Libertarian isn't going to win, but could be spoiler for King O.
Better question: Will a NY-LA Stanley Cup Final be what the doctor ordered for the NHL?
Cusotm made varsity jackets See the GodSpell Crew @ Times Square today 1:30 In there Red Jackets
I have an upper limit, too. If I see that someone tweets 30+ times a day, I usually won't follow, no matter how interesting.
it takes amazing leadership, clarity on what innovation is, passionate employees and real problems to solve.
you're just a hater and a waste of my time.
how can a cool radio show DJ have you on & get ur new music? Hook a bro up!
I'm on at 8pm at the Airliner tonight. So excited for this one!
Well, I'm a total pedagogy nerd so I'm happy to share ideas! :-)
Wisconsin Bike Fed's Bike to Work Week moved to third week in May for 2012 to align with national week. #bikefedsummit (via )
Follow Back:D
Stoked to see the film. Gittin' my tix at LA Film Fest... ya hoo.
Is that the Yaris?
We have kitchen and bath cabinets
i wouldn't leave you:)
july 13 at the ritz ft lauderdale. womens international holistic conference.
I bet I win that trophey!
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. God bless you always.
I agree, watching you in the studio was life. RT : Watching someone create is one of the dopest things in the universe!
Oh ESP how I despise you.
RT : Yes, , we the people are, in fact, serious about Congress enacting legislation that violates the Constitution.
thanks again for the intro to Garth, off to a great start!
lol Breisha are you even fast?
Game 5 today.. (y)
Wait just because you think Ben is more attractive doesn't mean you have to tweet that to Cory? They're both precious go fuck yourself lol.
Thnx! P.S. Welcome to :)
oh yeah? I think making SUV's still perform well and get good MPG is something they haven't perfected!
New headshots Friday with new approach (colors, styles, personal branding)....thinking positive thoughts about the results
I do not wanna work 2nite I wanna stay in bed and give my pillow do head and sleep with my bed
i already have :)
dang you hot js but Yeh but I won't date you
End of an Era RT New System Bakery is closing at the end of the day, for good.1 of the oldest businesses in Hampden
because of wwe
awesome and u will rock it
Check out our Thrift Shop Manager's Special for tomorrow - 50% OFF all framed artwork!
LOL! No dinner, just straight up dobbin'!
Not a freshman anymore.
Questions that keep me awake at night: Why don't we own Wayne's World on DVD? Where do my missing socks go? What of donuts? What?
lmaoo. Just leave me there for a few hours. Hopefully someone makes me a millionaire <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Thanks for the follow!
Good luck Indiana!!!
I'm right about everything......
thank you gorgeous<3
Did you ask your father? hahah :) & instead of tweeting me..you wanna text me?
Ik . I might die . I hate not having my phone . Fuckkkk me ):
keep in touch;)
Go for it!! Ink is the source my friend. :-)
It rains hard af one day and get low as 57 another day..
I'm getting it now, when I use my IPad it's TRay and when I use my desktop it's Raymond because I'm signed on wth oth id.
App. thinks of bacon while in the shower...
The more you work, the more money you make
Local experts explain why corporate recruiters like #studyabroad via "not all experiences are created equal"
My acting is like hearing a Funkmaster Flex mixtape...explosive, edgy and always on some real ......
hi Brian, where is your fireside chat with located?
Wasn't able to sign in/create account via twitter or fb. I'm assuming you are getting slammed at
Wanted to work late couldn't. I was installing software and OS updates to a new HD because my last one melted. It's been fun :)
Zimmerman couldve pushed him aside or use his fists. No need to use a gun against a teen.
Congratulations You are the winner of dinner for 4 at Thanks for RT-ing 's contest w/ DWTS
word on the interweb is they are coming out with an #iPad mini
[2 - 2] The Pittsburgh Pirates scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 9th inning. Houston Astros 2, Pittsburgh Pirates 2
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 110
One of my favorite spots!
Rio, Instructional Designer /consultant in Portland, OR
Pap smears are for pussy's
#np How to love
Chilling at the office...doing the tweeter..
what's the word mocking bird?
bro!!!! Shes my stylist there at north star!!!!!:D
I really hope my mom let's me buy another copy of BTW but she might just say "oh you already have it"
sorry, don't know of any of those
let me just go make my profile picture harry styles cuz that'll show how big a fan i am. lol no i'm not a directionator i am a directioner<3
I love watching Fresh Prince of Bel-Air on my lunch break :)
Bitch stop staring at me when i eat
“: A leader sets the climate in the home. Are you a thermostat or a thermometer?” // Thermostat
The last thing I wanna do is go to work
Burnin' up burnin' up show em what you got babe you got it baby let it show.<3
I feel awful and can't fall asleep. Someone please text me and entertain me.
best of luck! *good vibes*
OMG WWE Wrestlefest for the iPhone is out! They have HBK!!! But no Koko B. Ware? Billy Jack Haynes? Barry O? or Tony Garea?
Jewish people do NOT teach their children to hate anyone. Jews always look for peace -but you don't want to mess with the IDF (bad mistake !
Gonna get all dressed up and head out to the big ol' Wal-Mart to buy some stuff...then heading over to my honey's for the weekend. Yay!!
Bought SHAMWOW cloths to protect my camera in rain/snow Works well but the frantic SHAMWOW huckster that comes with it is annoying on shoots
One week and counting! Not that we are keeping track or anything.
Shooting more with - fun fact: Rachel has to do two hours of yoga and three shots vodka to pretend to be my wife.
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves
Eating dinner and watching The Voice
I'll break out the keys for your arrival to the
Can we have a referendum to ban North Carolinians from voting?
YAY!! omg you know a lot of your fans are fighting?? It's sad :'(
humble brag alert!
Looking at cute hair do's. My awesome aunt Kami is giving me a haircut before I leave for my mission. Any suggestions are wanted :]]
It doesn't matter if the glass is half empty or half full. There is clearly room for more alcohol....
Time to wake UP!
Beautiful fog all over this city and all I'm seeking is clarity of purpose.
black hawk down is definitely one of my favorites
Can you tell me why it took 30 minutes for a waitress to take our bill at Hosler's? SMH.
Editing some band stuff on the Facebook and website later tonight.
I disagree. Tulo thinks some guys need to step up and if pick up a bat over summer then can win now!
We will win I got faith! Demo <3
Obama: We need more than ever 2 call upon Mlk teachings
Yes I saw you trip trying to hurry across the crosswalk. Hang in there pal.
Edwin Rodriguez steps down. :( Thanks Hanley
lol you're going to get some prank calls tonight haha
We're awesome! And yourself??:)
Yes, I've actually started.. on your website :)
Yeah o's!!
Hearing one of your friends cry<<<
You are the reason for all my good days
Oh Chase Bank! How i love when trying to buy gas, only to find my card will be inactive for an hour while you "update your systems"...
Yay!! #excited Wish it would stop raining though! #justmyluck haha.
I believe in music the way that some people believe in fairy tales.
Thank you!!! What is SMPP??
i will seriously loose all my composure if i meet you in july. seriously like you would make my summer.
Generations to come will scarce believe that such a one as this ever in flesh and blood walked upon this earth. (said of Mahatma
Its no secret that I dont fuck with the Lakers
Today is the last day of our $100 gift card NCAA Sweet 16 contest. Stop by before tip off of the Syracuse-Wisconsin game to enter!
Special call out to our followers to Retweet the prior tweet - "we" (Nelson Mandela, people of Mvezo +) appreciate the support - thank you!
Patience comes in handy
And if the Big "10" can have 12 teams and the Big "12" can have 10 (and soon fewer) teams, why did the Pac-10 have to change its name?
whats up for friday :)
I am listening to Breakfast with the Beatles in the morning for once. I already ate breakfast
Humble as a fool
So true.. RT “: #Capricorn's may love routine but we get bored very easily.”
this photo of yours lol.. great seeing you the other evening. I'll DM you so we can connect when you're back.
Looking for winery's, suppliers, and distributors to help Know anybody interested?
Thank you. Yeah I can see what you mean...but all that variety still has a strong common thread—I say stay un-settled.
should work.
My tl dry ppl must actually be doin somethin with they lives today lol
Today sounds like its going to be ordinary, but I know better
bagged up 36.5k to end day 1 of the main event. had a good table until Lee Nelson arrived on my direct left and made me his bitch for 6 hrs
a bad reputation? well i think mostly that's just fear.. unknown meat to most folks, and their sideways eyes.
TB greatest QB in the universe..maybe next yr ravebs..technically is not winning..winning is winning
Off today, BBQ with the fam later;-)
Do you read every fan mail that you get sent? ;)
we're not there yet but we are growing and quickly!
Spending the day at the park tomorrow with some people playing football! I miss having recess in School!
Right on! Success?
And she will be loved
“: you guys got good shit! Keep it coming with the good tunes!” thanks brother, stay up!
RT : RT Thinking about a trip to Portland? See our beautiful city through our Flickr friends' eyes:...
Energy Focus, Inc. Wins $1 Million Ohio Development Grant to Support the Development of Low Cost IntelliTube(TM) Light Sensor
I'm in the car with Tays & Kaylee with the radio on. So much rain.
HIGHER THEN A MUG!!
Not sure what it being Walmart has to do with anything, but ok.
Have you visited www.undawareness.com today? Please encourage a friend to do the same. Thank you for your support and purchases.
you are great!!
Agreed RT : I would be very happy if I was never included in a "reply all" email again
Lol ! so you like bein watched . I wish i had your gutz dude . I'm not muscled down like u but have a nice cut body......
congratulations on your nomination skip
I'm helping a number friends w/Paleo just bc I love them.They are telling me: I FEEL SO MUCH BETTER! Bonus-fat loss too.
star student "didn't realize" she had to do last assignment, which is 20% of her grade and by my policies is looking at a 40-point penalty..
she only taked abt what i would classify as a #RatchetAssHoe yeah white girls can win against those kind. She never said real
Strong coffee + scripts galore. Reading, working, envisioning. This time next year... well, you'll just see. ;) Happy Friday, y'all!
Thanks to the team at Bascom Palmers.. I've been getting treatment and everything is looking stabkle/better:)
Great 4th of July! Parade in Patriot, meeting voters.. celebrating freedom!
Stop in and see all our wonderful teas. Whether you like Black, Green or Caffeine Free Tea; we'll have one you'll want to take home to brew.
Heading to THOR premiere to watch my husband, Josh Coxx, on the big screen!!
Do you remember back in the good ole days when you could get someone to do it all for only a single nookie?
Art is just another way to keep a diary. - Pablo Picasso
Sadly no!I must study Cemistry -__-
Cat annoyed I was gone all day: food overturned, underwear drawer ransacked, shoe chewed, looks like our old party aftermaths act'ly
you love me
"Talent is only the starting point." -Irving Berlin
oh lion king is on favorite
We pray that God blesses each and every one you through the night! xoxo
Looking for #Interesting #Quotes? You should #follow There are some pretty good ones!
OH SELECTION.
I love you Jann, screw the haters. Your music has helped me out of a funk many times. You are lovely!
You should check out blogs. They're more fun :)
Um what -Same As SHIT)
Bruins v Capitals tonight. First taste of playoff hockey for me. I hope it is a good game and all the action comes my way!
Spring is around the corner! Let us know if your neighborhood park needs attention.
Listened to all the way home from #Athens. Learned so many interesting things! Thank god (or Dems) for Public Radio!
Thanks for the enthusiastic recommendations That's what I was looking for & expecting!
#FF <--- Moving & Shaking up the Social Media World with her Fantastic Positive Passion to Help Jobseekers WorldWide!
great now that i dont see much of you ;)
this dude funny af' bro .
I will win the #Libertybakeoff IF IT'S THE LAST THING I DO
Stay alive
You should read these
poco states took over the mantle of subjugation 4rm colonialists,theirs will always be Eurocentric sovereignty
Doing what's uncertain and risky isn't easy, and that's why the people who dare to do it are rewarded. - - - Jessica Stillman, London
Congrats to the SD Chargers on picking Corey Liuget in the 1st rd of the 2011 draft. Welcome to America's Finest City.
LOL!! i giggled at that.
will they're earnings from November-February keep up given the warm winter?
Of the 10 things trending right now on Twitter US, 8 are related to Beastie Boys & Adam Yauch. He sure will be missed.
Why don't u sleep?
awesome. Hope it all goes well.
Follow on twitter to track the adventures of Captain Freedom tomorrow on the mall between 5-6PM
Y'all rock am socks!!! “: I second that!! An inspiration. RADIANT.”
Yeah, I'm pretty awesome ;) Zoho has a free plan & comes highly rec'd, Bizroof is also free, & Nimble has a free option too!
I'm wearing chucks with skinny jeans today, my feet have never looked more normal size.
Nap time was.glorious
Maybe it happened on the one hand alley oop dunk by Davis when the roof came off the Superdome.
#Quote "I never #Pray on the #Golf course. Actually The #Lord answers my #Prayers everywhere except on the course." --
ur snarky? At that place? Nah
There is still plenty of time to train for our races! Choose the Marathon/Half marathon/5K! Sign up at monumentalmarathon.com
lol what is that?
WOAH I NEVER SAID THAT!!!! I disagree strongly.
Sandieija, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Good point: MT kyleejohnson a5: "social" use of cloud and "educational" use of cloud is different.
I'm sorry about that Peter. We'll get those picked up for you. Could you email us at ? Thanks
Already out of candy! This was a busy Halloween.
Kinda wish was not stuck at home all day/:
): i loved that show
will do!
Ok, time to continue working on a spaceship, I hope my idea works!
just breathe
Taking new promos with tomorrow!
we use blogtalk, im in san diego is in lv
this tribute page was a great idea!! RIP Dan Wheldon!!
Peter Alfonso : glass is half full. There are things that can be done via tech transfer, etc to connect #highered #
I dare you to cut sugar from your diet this week
"It was in the nice part of Target. It was $12 instead of $4." - Me trying to describe my shampoo to my hair guy.
s punk'd is the best
ya ik i typed it in and i didnt get any results
Thank you very much ;) I can't take it any longer haha, sweet dreams love! xoxo <U+2665>
What a GREAT win for the CLIPPERS tonight against Okla City . Can't wait for the playoffs to begin. ClLIPS are the hottest team in the NBA
Has TRUST ended up with now that they own the Republic library? Hopefully they'll finally do right by it.
you mean, like people and machines? whoa, dude.
Commission's public input hearing from Santa Ana is in session. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
I was just saying this > RT : Ucci Ucci is my LEAST favorite song yet she STILL slayed it.
Have fun kids!
Compose new Tweet...Love is more than a 4 letter word
We delay removing the sin from our lives until "tomorrow", but tomorrow we grow older and weaker, while the sin grows stronger and stronger.
my computer is really laboring right now. fan on blast
#Aging is a Treatable Disease and #Immortal Again Secrets of the Ancients. Finding The Truth
What the lick read
We hope everyone is having a great #Monday!
night and Happy Mothers Day :)
Yay! It's Pop Song Correspondence Time!
not saying its impossible but DP made the same mistake twice and couldnt recoop. He also didnt fight to his strengths either
Recognition is the greatest motivator | Gerard C. Eakedale
Good bro talk with segei
Do the people who don't think the sex scenes in "Girls" are funny not understand comedy, or sex?
School districts need to revisit policies that relieve parents and students of their responsibilities.
Our protagonist & her daughter Angel are enroute to Mexico. We left off at the border crossing.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #travel because they bring the world a little bit closer.
I grabbed that one too!
Thanks for continuing to make my Wednesdays awesome.
RT : Look at the Laker haters....already saying OKC will beat us. Just keep letting Russ shoot. It'll be a series.
It depends on what kind if acting school you are looking for. A college? An art institute? A place to take workshops?
American Reunion with !
fuck wit me. I got all types of beats!
6 Days till Graduation...
why do you like SNL?
Mingus or Monk?
Our phones must dislike each other or something :/. I'm sorry . <3
drunk me says they are dogs and that you shouldn't argue with me, woman.
God be praised. How often does HE come in like THAT during OFFERING!?!?
You're welcome! Glad you're enjoying the new
#Nats Insider coming up at 1130am with Leon/Ramos news, update Brian Goodwin, guests, your calls before Nats pregame
Never reject anybody in your life. Good people give us happiness and bad people give us experience. Both essential in life.
Please tell a friend about us! We're so close to 2k Facebook likes!
Hey, that little crypto thing was a long time ago. You journos have long memories.
Only a couple hours left to submit your journal entry one for full credit. #NoExcuses!
FWIW, I always added the 's' until she tweeted about it. :)
Now Now, mind the F-word....
no a king
I thought I'd call it a night when the drunk man screaming across the street came in the store, bought a beer, & said he'd be back for me.
My day has been made <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Your Hair Looks Really Really Pretty! (: xx
Those are amazing!
i can't believe i'm already sore!! can't wait to go again! #goodworkout!
I want to order a swimsuit. How do you order?
“: I stayed in Miami with my parents this week :)”
man I'm sleepy as fuck!
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you. - Lao Tzu
In DC until Tuesday morning. When are you getting back?
Alas, not personally/up close! I met some nice San Antonio alums though.
you mean the wiz! RT : I'm not usually into hype, but Wicked is seriously the best production ever.
New packers fan club named titletown fanatics titletownfanatics.com. Keep watching site for details.
Am I the only person that doesn't know what #oomf means?
Asking the stupidest questions, and getting the dumbest answers.
Oh she looked way cuter sitting down
all I really want for Christmas is YOU ;)
HATE this one- :3
Liam Do you want your home clean? We lOvE yOu TuRkEy FaNs pLeAse cOMe hErE
I just had a random old lady tell me my zipper was down at #chs Marriott. I guess it's scared of heights.
followed me back
Fun project! We are converting an apartment into a temp office.
Tried to change my name to kookoo4Crawkopuffs, but it didn't work..
Not a good start for what's supposed to be a awesome day
beautiful girls all over the world, I could be chasin but my time would be wasted they got nothin on you baby, NOTHIN ON YOU BABY
I used to practice how to C-Walk in my bedroom to Emenim. I'll take tater shaking to Ying Yang over that.
My last three words on Words With Friends were "be" "give" and "tape". Brilliant.
i'm IDIOT! U.U'
Check! RT : Q1) Pilots have flight manuals in the cockpit, some airlines have gone to checklists on the iPad.
thanks! You guys were fast, we're up and running.
Those are the best gifts!
Been in phone withdrawal....so glad to have my iPhone back....
Don't forget to submit your scripts to for the 2010 One Act festival!!
I have my own problems.My own friends.My own relationships.There not yours ,so worry about yourself. I can handle what life hands me.
Merry Christmas! I am counting my blessings tonight. God Bless!
“It ain’t what you don’t know that gets you into trouble. It’s what you know for sure that just ain’t so.”—Mark Twain
tweeted about the muffin man. Now...i can not get the muffin man song out of my head!
Thank you HUD for accepting my buyer's bid.
Everything including our lives are so disgustingly fragile and finite - better make more art, consume more arts, and say more "I love you"s.
Ok guys Time to take it to the next level!!
i'm tagging your name into tweets so often that i'm starting to say your name is 'real liam payne' in real life.
Happy Saturday Tony!
Oh that sounds a bit harsh.. I better add a smiley face to that shit.
I'm gonna be scalping for a tix to Game 6 if they win. I live 10 mins away from the Pepsi Center. Far from over tho.
it's saved me twice in the past month
you bet! Thanks for coming!
I think I'm going to get ran over by a nascar or something.
Thanks for joining us at -- your insights were useful and provocative
Oscar nominations this morning and a new Neil LaBute play at the Geffen tonight. Not bad for a Tuesday.
*Mom yells your name* You: Yes?!.... *silence* You: YEAH?!! *SILENCE* You: UGH! *gets up and see what she wants*
SOX: Alfredo Aceves gets out of T9 jam and the #RedSox take game two of series, 7-5 over the #Indians. Felix Doubront starts tomorrow.
I stand by my decision to bench C.J. Wilson on my fantasy team today. Decision pending on his next start.
You think I wanna be here?!?!?!?! only safe place for a Sox fan haha waiting for my flight to LA
Will the #Celtics break 70? It's a valid question.
Did you know, the . universal savings key tag is yet another eco-friendly way to eliminate printed coupons? Do you have one?
We are debriefing and amazed you have had three back to back early hours late nights. Must be the Brit influence.
Art played for before transferring to us
I entered the SUPERFAN Sweepstakes to meet the because #IMASUPERFAN ! www.discovery.com/mythbusters
slept much needed 11 hours last night, first show in chile tonight
Welcome to the new It's All About You Magazine Twitter Feed.... based in Newark on Trent...please RT
She need her arse whoop bad, and that will slow her down. : that's the exact same thing my grandmother said,lol"
It's gonna be so weird not spending easter with my family :( have fun in Florida without me!
yep and my mom saw.
Never was a fan, until today. She likes teachers! It's never too late to enjoy anything. Who knows what today will bring to you!
***SPECIAL*** Get 1000 Targeted Twitter Followers for only $49 & increase your sales, fans and More... Guarantee Best Deal!!!
I just listen to can I kick if with you bc you said it was your favorite.
Can't wait for "Mad Men" to start again on Sunday!
ah we've been hacked! sorry about the spam :\
4 originals wrote praying for more and believing that "Jeremiah's Moment" may just have theirs.
For some reason many average consumers have forgotten what #CompleteAlbums r.
Choices are endless.... BE CHOOSEY and join our fb page.
Twice I've missed the bus right as its leaving...smh give me a break!
WAY TO GO OFFENSE! SHOWS UP WHEN YOU NEED IT!
now time for Beltre to make them pay. Lol
cool. DM me and lets chat specifics
go kick rocks .
I got a chamois for a pet!
"There are two distinct classes of men ... those who pay taxes and those who receive and live upon taxes." Thomas Paine. Which one are you?
My brother just broke my leg!! And ran away !! Don't leave me there crying ! U just broke my damn leg.
SEA may be slightly east of pdx , but calling it more inland shows a lack of understanding of PacNW.
I can't even watch my favorite movie
Agreed! RT : Wow. Such a beautiful day ... I'd love to be walking around the Wilmington Flower Market right now!
Gearing up for a DP gig at the Surfrider competition in Malibu tomorrow!
K.D. You gotta takeover!
Don't think you're hurting somebody's feelings when in all actuality you're only hurting yourself!!
hell naw they took my role model, my everything. Shit just ain't right
No kidding. We're so unhappy right now. RT : The Lakers need help bad...
Football game you are looking most forward to this weekend?
ALL PRODUCER RT
Lol. Water helps. G'luck.
"Identity: I, too, dislike it" Farid Matuk
i luv that song :)
what about online?
yo yo. Jackson lets go surfing when I come to California.
Thanks for mention
when you finally decide you want me , I won't be there anymore .
been eating a lot, but i'm not satisfied.
i was in like toy soldiers and songs like that. and the music videos... like lolwhut lol
Moves like Jagger
1982's BOARDINGHOUSE, one of the first shot-on-videocasette slasher. And they have a 35mm print of it. I can't pass that up.
Thanks for the mention!! #my boyfriend bites his cuticles
I need to learn how to let go of my grudges.
I have now been on my diet for 6 hours.
Who is that?
I miss you too poopface <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> maybe if SOMEONE wasn't going to BVT... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
oh really
Does anyone know the exact date of when graduation is in May?
Tune into tonight at 5:30p PT to hear tournament host talk about The Umpqua Bank Challenge!
Ryan seacrest reporting that dick clark has died... yet another sign that the world will come to an end this year
#FF wonderful music, I so enjoyed the beautiful solo piano suites.To a wonderful new year of creativity
#winesolveseverything and then some...enjoy your weekend!
Delta Theta brought #WDA to Univ of Maine for 29 years, starting April 25, 1959. Happy Founders Day Delta Theta alumnae!
drawing to attention to the Sudan! Go George!
It's errand day for me - bank, car maintenance, DMV, etc. Whee! Grown-up work.
Update on Dontaye Henderson trial -- action won't start until Monday in Dept. 20 w/ Judge Kearney. Expected to last two weeks...
2 bad the big miss wasn't there for the 'blood spinning'...
If your definition of friendship is causing very public nervous breakdowns, then this friendship is over. Thanks a lot Lori.
what's your problem
Did Ke$ha disappear off the face of the earth....or what?
Weekly #HCG P3 Tip: When choosing dressing for P3 avoid using 'low-fat' or 'non-fat' dressings.They add more sugars in replace of the fat.
Todays plans: Getting my birth certificate downtown, Getting my haircut(hopefully), hangin out with grandma, and then the overnighter! :)
It's going to be fun!! Get the word out to all the other trainers.
Just heard a string quartet version of "Such Great Heights" at a cafe and I hereby revoke every nice thing I've said about New York
4th quarter, 3 mins left, Denver and Pitt tied...ok now it's
#100CosasQueAmoHacer Y'ama M'is We'bos... I Would Like That;)
OMG, I FOUND OUT WHEN I GOT HOME AND FREAKED OUT! WE BETTER GET PASSES THOUGH <3
=( i wish i was as cool as you
Co-taught with my boss today and will be doing my first solo session on Tuesday under threat of a tornado drill.
Why do people follow the republiCONS like sheep??? Do what's right people!!!
Thanks for the follow. I'm really interested in your service. Probably around the first of the year.
Have you tried the summer menu? Breeze in and see what's cookin' on the patio - come to our Thurs "Retro on the Patio" night!
Anyone else having problems with twitter because it says I have no followers
A guy who looked like the shooter on #onetreehill just walked through the SAC. I froze right up.
a lil bit:)
Can not wait! I got mine RT : One more month till my book signing at AT&T park! Can't wait!
Tweet me your fav pics of Austin! I'll choose a fav and the winner gets a DM to either , , or
Nope we did.
Thanks! That's my goal lol
Thanks for the fun event. Great to watch do a live interview. Looking forward to next one.
Going HAM on my homework, then bed time fo sho!!!
<U+E326>d(-__-)b<U+E326> Headphones in, rest of the world OUT
He doesn't have money but when I get pissed off at him he all the sudden has some -.-
Throwing caution 2 the wind & eating a pre-weigh-in burger at
"Patty!" I still can't get over that. Sorry.
Thanks to all who stopped by last night at the tree lighting! Come in today for a burger &sweet treat, or a Pulled Pork & Avocado Empanada!
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
So excited to have baby Kendall here in about 3 months
I bet is the best boyfriend ever<3
not back until the fall, back to the Chi for the summer.
oh my gosh! Saying an extra special little prayer for u right now :)
When I was younger I really liked that movie #LoveDontCostAThing but I just watched it and being older must say that movie is awful
Throw a dummy over an overpass into traffic, that'll make your day! Jking, Really don't do that. lol! Just stick to gettn drunk
...HAPPY BIRTHDAY to you Mercedes! !!! :-)
Underestimation is your secret weapon. With Over-estimation there's only one place to go. And it ain't good ;)
Looking for national + state data on stuttering/speech disfluency by age, race, gender, severity - any ideas?
Holy crap! RT : I saw Boogie Nights 12 times in the theater during its initial release.
Sidney Crosby scores within 5 minutes of comeback. The man is unreal.
who is Christian talking too.? <U+E410>
I'll tell you everything tomorrow...
always play to win
Enjoyed meeting you and addressing participants with you at You were an excellent on-stage presenter!
Some crazy @%# happened to me today. No details to follow.
Q1 “equal” doesn’t necessarily mean “same” an equal chance at bright future means providing each child what s/he needs 2 succeed
NoafWes recording session.
Faded ha yaeeee
Somedays i wish i could go back to last year and change the way things happened...
why did you go?
Calvin Johnson is not human!
Thanks for the shout out!
keep your acct twitter is fun
Packing up and getting ready for the last dinner all together with the fam in Hilton Head.
thanks!! She will be I think she's just having a hard time adjusting to the insulin. As for me sinus infection :(
If you see something, ladies, say something.
I think she will warm up to the idea!
This week is pretty fucking awesome :)
happy birthday!!!:)
Mom said she would go into kroger real quick. ITS BEEN 3 MINUTES.
hi Dave, we've got Teen Boat ARCs in the HMH booth #1626. Come by and say hi!
Watching the Grammys! I have a new goal!
I just following you
is cooking for 400.
whoo bout to get my whip back
Andre Iguodala. Wow that was cold blooded.
Thanks for the mention!
my life is brilliant..MY LOVE IS PURE
Today is Monumental Monday! Get an entry discount by using the discount code tweet at monumentalmarathon.com
Nail Salon Infections in news today again - yuck. To avoid always bring your own files, tools and even polishes to the salon!
Im lovin this game...Heat getting it handed to them. Shane baby..you gotta go to a real team..go Celts
"you never know what disease can crawl from your dick to your butt when you're sleeping." <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
WE'RE GOING STREAKING!!!! COME ON!!
D<U+E032>& tha BULLS, are given the Bucks a run.... GO BULLS!!!
S/O to my neighbors that are ignoring that loud knock at their door! It sounds like the freaking police.
Not so good. I'll be practicing in the library tomorrow. Hopefully I can absorb this material by Wednesday!
I think we'll arrive in early August, just missing you. When do you think your dissertation will be published?
Thank you for that! Our animals thank you, too.
"Kids Tested, Corporation Approved" -- ALEC motto
opinions are like assholes everyone got one . . . Smh
my tumblr is such a faggot though.
I'd like to wish all the Mother's out there a Happy, Happy, Happy Mother's Day! None of us would be here without our mommies!
Follow Me Pretty Pretty Pretty Please. #Mahomie Please Austin It Would Make My Dad 10x Better! :)
Heard there's a new show coming out on March 5th at 5:00pm on Fox Kasa 2 -
Great day yesterday! God is amazing!Excited 2see every1 Connections! Stained Glass Story from EU was awesome!
I like Amanda, and Gigi just fine..But I LOVE Cricket #GCB! She's hysterical!
Thank you, dear :) That was just what I needed. Assurance.
thank you!
After talking with a photog buddy of mine And doing some research. I think a SSD hard drive is in my future.
Man I really hope it's not raining tomorrow :(
The National Museum of Play is a year-round collection site for the Bring a new, unwrapped toy for a child in need any time!
Have the day off today and already have 2 dudes lined up to breed me.
Do the trade downs, value loss, reaches & overvaluations, missed pix, etc show Elway has a plan... or is incompetent?
Looking forward to it!
Big "sorry dude" to the guy I whacked w/ my umbrella on the parkway this morn when I tripped on the sidewalk
You are more than welcome. You do the same!
What are your dreams?
I will be at SD Mom's Night Out Event this Thursday. Will you? I wouldl love to hear who is going!
this Monbiot chap needs to disappear. Goddamn lies.
Yeah- I thought it was a spoof, but apparently she's dead serious.
of course!
She doesn't speak Spanish.
Thanks for spreading the word!
Take a sec to follow some great Tweeps! #FollowFriday (via )
Angled parking on the 3200 blk of Toone St (@ Canton Dog Park) is complete. Caution: the block is now 1-way eastbound; access from East Ave.
I've been to Houston. It's all parking lots and sprawl.
I sent Adrien this long ass message for like the first time and all he said was Goodmorning -______-
yall trying to get some grub tonight ur boy off
Happy Birthday !!
m nice set of ear phones! ;)
great. u can already see it in my eyes.
I'm at 8008 Slide Road, Suite 1, Lubbock TX 79424, drop by let's discuss your commercial real estate needs! Or call me, 806-797-2190.
Hey Kevin! You should check out They're a clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!!
In 2011, only 15% of #DC apartment building managers were willing to lower rent for a tenant, down from 69% in 2009.
I'm lame.
You aint got no pancake mix bitch
Have you been waiting to take your trip of a lifetime? Well, your time has come! Vacation values have never been better. www.FreeXpedia.co
be sure to check out our special SGK Race for the Cure Women's Wellness Section in this month's !!
Safely in Kalamazoo. Cool place close to campus. Sound check soon but VERY relaxed. Ah gigs in small town America.
Lady Gaga I AM yOu Big Fan Because you are my mother monster i was born this way...<U+21A8><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> Answer Me Plase Say me hello
Hey guys, Chris Jones, Charlotte NC, arriving 2 minutes early for our convo on the #K12 #ECOSYS now TUES 8pMT. Pull up a chair
I found your id in NYC tweet back so I can get it to you!
haha thats not hard to spell those right
Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake !
a win is a win. Sometimes u gotta put the team on your back.
RT : When I'm passionate about something, I become a perfectionist. I'm looking at you vodka & cocktail shaker.
RT : Sunday and SET. Like meat and potatoes.
oh u kno it! It's goin down
#artpolitics living amidst disaster people are constantly surprised. We dontknow what comes next. The historicalpresent is an aspiration.
my blog just went haywire! All my side bars are now under my post and the bottom attribution bar is where my side bar is. HELP!
woohoo! That is outstanding! Congrats to u and the team of writing wrongs
I think Google is doing the later. SOPA could affect their bottom line, but they're defending their users, not exploiting them.
Hey there Kwabs....how's married life!! so sorry that I missed the wedding...rod said it was beautiful!! Blessings!!
take a music theory class
chills up my spine
Joe: "For some reason I still have to take a class that's writing intensive." Rammel: "Can't you just tell them who you are?"
JDrew: Community Action is one of the last open doors. One of the last places where they ask "what do you need?'
sad to say bye to CDL's visiting Japanese scholar Kanji Kojima -Nagoya Gakuin Univ who was one yr. Studied Blended Learning. Time flew!
elephant nose
You're right, I'm talking about people,a reality, you're dealing with money, an idea. You began this discussion, I didn't want it.
Good morning evry1... church was gud(:
I need help with my new band name!
wow i totally forgot about you... <U+E405>uh HELL YES! Tomorrow night?
Sleeping for me has turned from peaceful to evil. I'm scared to go to bed.
Ive said it all along....dope defense...efficient offense...play through the bigs....that's the identity
#FF a project close to our blackened heart part of our dark family.
Is it impossible to shop for a trench coat without humming the inspector gadget theme song?
bitch you been riding his dick for how long??? Haha. Worry bout keepin yo babydaddy before I come take him.
Like I thought, u don't have the guts. Can 1 b a Muslim if he rejects Quran & Hadith ?
Why is that all the girls that go out & drink all the time are the tiniest? Shouldn't they have some kinda beer belly?
6months today we went to 's concert :)
It's a beautiful day and is going in with the reggae at noon. And now I want some Jamaican pepper steak. -_-
The Woods are lovely dark and deep but I have promises to keep. And miles to go before I sleep. and miles to go before I sleep. Robert Frost
The Acoustix play tonight at 7, they cover a wide range of music so you will for sure be satisfied!
"Parties are like frisbees; if you don't throw them the right way, they veer off in the wrong direction, and your kid falls into a quarry."
“No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong.” <U+2015> François de La Rochefoucauld
Walk-off Corey Hart!!! #Brewers win 8-7!!! Brewers lead the season series 4-1!
Listening Fireflies by Joe Brooks! This is some good stuff right here
Good morning!
is new on twitter so help me out and follow me
- Take Care . . . this is one song that even the radio can't kill.
My brought me salads from Fresh and Easy. Yaaay.
#sea Do you prefer eating the frosting of the cupcake or the cupcake first?
Going to meet with my trainer. I know, me?! Right?!
From the MultiCultural Review files: current issue Summer 2010 features Perspectives on Islam Web Sites including www.memri.org
one picture lol instead of albums and albums lol
his are blue back and white. And cooll(: I like blue too
yo u can tell which dudes get on cuz they mans is poppin, sucka MCs
Saturday night - BARCELONA Vs REAL MADRID - GO BARRCCCAAAAA
You can neither give what you dont have nor say you never had anything to give - David Vanderpuye-Orgle
People are funny : They spend money they don't have, to buy things they don't need, to impress people they dont like.
Nothing like a few retweets to remind me that 99.9% of people don't deserve retweet privileges.
It's karen skip day
I wish my whole body was as tan as my stomach.
haha, I'm sure you're not terrible at all! Plus, practice makes perfect does truly apply to writing. :)
Global warming is definetly happening in NY right now. what the fuck!?
So either we never respond to each other or my phone sucks O.o
Mitchell said he won vote of Walker supporter for handing out his own campaign literature. Funnier when he tells the story.
I love when you talk that talk 2 me yeah #Rihanna love her
Happy superbowl Sunday!!!
thanks for the follow!
no problem!
perhaps? RT darn it almighty! Told there was a Drupalista Richard
Time to hop on the bike to face San Francisco motorists in the first storm of the year. Tell my husband and dogs I love them...
Can I join? :p
-- Selena is gorgeous, I don't care what anyone says. but so is Jasmine, I'll admit it.
Isaw the hair stand up on your neck, when Geraldo wanted Cain to call him, he needs to find Al capone's real vault
EmailArts (emailarts) thanks for the follow.
thanks for the mention I truly appreciate it! Welcome to the wonderful world of social marketing/media!
I can't get out of bed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Final question from the audience: "Everybody talks about Chattanooga, Knoxville, etc. merging, so why can't we do it? Why haven't we yet?"
Apr 4, 1922: #Churchill: "Irish have a genius for conspiracy rather than for government."
....drown her past regrets in coffee and cigarettes.
Please to see Common Cause call for investigation into why ABM holds legislative strategy meetings with the Dayton Admin. (Or not.)
Im headed to the ice rink for a lesson with my freestyle coach.
Thanks for the follow Your Neighborhood Plumber for NYC No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
thanks. person who I'd RTed told me later!
I'm not going to be able to grin and bear it much longer if I run out of toothpaste.
Not sure I've ever hear a word he's said....to busy getting a kick out of his suit jackets.
wish i could "like" this!
": shut up sis :)" First off I'm your "SIS" now? :O and second YOU shut up :p
- Are you ready to get a little corporate?!? We promise not to be too stuffy!
I got kicked out of there for having a white t shirt on under a zip-up hoodie.
It seems as if we'd let go, you wouldn't fight to save our love. . .
Uh time to work
"advertising is the price companies pay for being unoriginal." RT via
Apparently we need a dome on Lambeau now.
Got a good 4.5 mile run in this morning.
so are u black now?
not yet!! But hopefully with our good news coming soon, u can!
": if you stay in Las Vegas don't miss out on this event May 27th me & my bro's Cali Swag performing at the Cashman Center"
Please use #dmvdance to raise awareness of our community!
Luca can't wait to meet you! He misses , too.
I have been replacing profane words in vocabulary with biscuit... what the biscuit?
Flying Frontier Air today. Everything feels just a little off when flying a different airline. Like I'm in bizarro world.
Apple Now Has More Cash Than The U.S. Government
Lol glad you enjoyed it RT created a new game. WINE COOLER PONG.
ikr !? Now im going shopping ! ^.<3
can you rewind the radio? i need to hear #chasingthesun AGAIN
I think I'm going to stop tweeting about politics. Testing my discipline. Other topics interest me more.
What a dick!
A back tuck
I wasn't saying it didn't. It very well may be.
I just seen a guy with a motor cycle jacket riding on a moped with sandal sneakers on....smh only in duval county
Beautiful morning and class of #spinlates coming up, I miss
Why get mad when you know you have labeled the groupie hoe.. You passed around like 3rd grade scissors.
or you found it yourself... :)
very interesting. Thanks for sharing.
What do you like, what do you love and what do you adore?
mad dog 20/20 of course
Origin of Walker Hendrickson #right-to-work video, Documentary about #Janesville,Wisconsin. #371 Productions of Wisconsin...
Definitely a morning where I'd rather learn than teach.
#amazing day at warped tour!!
don't hate me for my last tweet on here. Haha
#ImagineAustin is singing when he suddenly see u and got distracted. He messed up singing a song.
I come in and do 5 minutes of work and get paid, that's what's up!
Be sure to watch #TheVoice after the #SuperBowl this Sunday! I was there for the taping, so I may be on TV!!
having to work every day all day feelin like this - not cool.
my first tweet from my new apartment!!!! Life is good!!!
The moon looked amazing this morning!
Just started the #Celtics game on the DVR. Looks like the Celtics won't be trying to tell us about their sellout streak. (I know they lost)
I could go for seeing Turbo Fruits soon. OH WAIT CONNOR HATES THAT KIND OF MUSIC TOO
r u gonna be at the church 2mrw for any reason or do u want me to bring ur pb & bread to u?
RT : Great initiative to bring more tech talent to NYC. We're glad to support the NYC Turing Fellows!
the same child, of the little town of Stanford :),
Very rarely. 9/11 is an example.
How many lbs? 300 bench?
Are you funding Hezbollah?
Ever wanted to wipe you inside slate clean?? I have the answer for you
If you don't know who Jaron Lanier is, look him up on Wikipedia. Amazing bio.
Wow. My first Ohio snowfall. Not much, but I bet you're easing me into this, right?
..band name? bahaha!
wow ok so Wonder what It's like to have "REAL" friends...If there is such a thing
DailyHookahTip#100: Don't ignite easy-start coals indoors without a window open. When the outer layer burns, the fumes can be toxic.
I need to go to an ugly home.
#YouMightBeGhettoIf uh oh, i almost dont want to see the thing people have posted, but i gotta :))
this the s*** I've read in a long time!!!
no matter where i go i c da same hoes
I made small $ dancing, but receive huge rewards: travel, health and less need for Spanx.
So excited for Summer.. can't even stand it!! :P
A good producer can do anything. A Great producer won't allow himself to do JUST that.
I am looking forward to tonight's game go #Bruins !!!!
Happy thanksgiving!
Congratulations Gonzaga University for making the big dance!
get your egos off the battlefield!
I hate when people say "I'd lose my own head if it wasn't attached" no....... No you wouldn't.
RT : #Broncos Fans make sure to check-in on Foursquare today to unlock a great offer from
#ThatEx that probably has an std by now
No way on earth to gain peace of mind.
A quote from my friend sean ryan" jay cultler is so bad the bills defense will look like the 85 bears D."
WHO COULDN'T LOVE #MISTLETOE ???? thts like not loving chocolate bro!
is Colt the man this season?
I dunno who to talk to
your not a competitor.... I have a serious problem with that!!
Hey, you won't know till you try it
Interesting word: INTERROBANG - a combined punctuation mark of ? and ! - was the in vogue exclamation for much of the 1960's.
Special thank you to Mayor for attending today's Cherry Tree Planting Ceremony!
congrats fella! Wear that heavyweight belt proud! :)
RIP Maurice Sendak, author of "Where the Wild Things Are."
Can't wait to shave my head!!!
Me and oomf would make some cute kids.. We'll see if it happens tho
that sounds lovely, !
Not yet. We did send out an e-mail about the Renewal Party this week. Packets will be mailed on the 21st to all renewing subs.
Alright, it's #ff if anyone wants a S/O hit me up. I'll help out however I can :)
Gave my biz card w cleavage to a 13yr old and told him to watch
ru kidding me. Blk on blk crime leads to police looking for killers to arrest. Trayvon is abt Police letting a killer go free.
Are they trying to see how close they can get to my roof without hitting it? Cause.... Wtf
that's what I like to hear
Gonna use it as the basis for a piece examining #WSU's inhumanely awful 3-point defense. Lots of good stuff in there.
(mah one) love, (mah one) heart, (mah one) life for sure (; <3
what genre would you consider Blessthefall? iTunes said they're punk, lolol.
Too bad he lied.
omg say yes. even though you don't do that stuff. I don't either, but I still party with "him. (:
the videos i took arent actually that bad. minus the shaky-ness and my yelling. haha
How does a nba team miss 15 free throws???? Way to blow the cover missing freebies atlanta!
it's amazing that you could bill our account for an extra 10k. And have no one to resolve it.
how much practice is too much practice?
Metro Diner I feel your irresistible call!
Wow! Great job! #loveit!
To re ! ...dinner & drinks after an opera February... (Something to look forward to. Sorry it bothered you!)
awesome group! Thanks for coming!
Dr. Welbes Natural Health Clinic - Living Social: If you've ever tried to play a game of baseball against yourself, you know the impo...
other than*
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
First time I heard an old #Ramones song as a teenager. RT : What's a band you fell in love with after only hearing one song?
Q: How many times will I buy a pint of Fat Tire (thinking that I like it), to quickly discover/remember that I don't? A: At least 3.
8pm coffee? Ah, to be young again
I feel so lonely without you next to me.
Ladies I still have a couple of open spots today, call now to get your hair styled for the weekend (813) 910-2770
"She smells the jerky"
I need a golf partner for in the morning, my usual guys are busy...anybody???
oh i wonder how many teams will be chomping at the bits for timmy!
That makes me really happy! And if I ever need you (which is quite possible), I will totally call you.
what is there to fix? And no im not enjoying anything I'm pissed off
C'mon ride that train... All aboard, next stop crazy town!!! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Ofcourse we follow back love
Over the highway and thru the wood to Auntie 's house I go. :)
It's 106-84 C's w/ 3:45 left to play. Fans are streaming out of MSG. Pierce has 35, and Ray has 32. Allen: 15/20 3FGs in series
Lol, I look forward2watching his teams&gettin2know him. Hopefully I can learn from him like I did from you!
& i'll forgive you a million times...because i know im strong enough to forget
Why are they called marshmallows????
#3WordsOfAdvice listen to yourself
really! Perhaps the cut is the important thing :)
in Santa Monica is having its annual 70% off sale! I just scored some awesome finds. Check it out, Angelenos!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 27
Go to your obituary./Words gather for confines.
It's #notfunny when people tell lies about you!! I been loyal to all my family, friends, marines, and co-workers!!
I was elected to MLA Delegate Assembly!
Admittedly, Santa Claus @ the Mall is pretty scary...but the Easter Bunny is just evil. No kid wants 2 sit next to a 6ft tall upright bunny!
I knew I liked my dental hygienist—turns out we share the exact birth date. Fun times, we're apparently both getting long in the tooth.
don't worry you looked great!
no.. they tell me no, or i dont care, or somethin.. but when i get them sonething. They no wear or use
Really wasn't feeling Savage Journey to the American Dream, like at all. I think Rashad's production made Stalley better than what he is
LOLOLOLOLOL you make me feel so hot hot hot hot -___-
Thank you! :)<3
Bout to unleash some serious snacking on chucktown
Randy Moss looks good in practice, as he always has. As long as the 49ers face no sort of adversity this year, he'll be great for them.
I watched Dancing w/ The Stars last nite and my heart goes out to Sherry Shepherd. When dancing is a passion, you really feel it.
If ur sitting at work or school bored out of ur mind check me and YouTube.com/samuelventuramusic !!
If Will Smith had never done another movie... I woulda never noticed.
I think we should start kneeing people in the groin, unless they are your best friend or your boyfriend of course.
Haha, autocorrect gets all of us sometimes. :) Stay tuned!
Hello ! Thanks for the donation!
In BeverlyHills today, I saw a hot girl in a fancy car picking her nose. I gave her the benefit of the doubt & assumed it was a coke problem
cool. having zero car payments is the best!!
Get it! RT : It appears you won't see "The Big Uneasy" on TV. It's the story of what happened to NO in 2005. iTunes 99c
do you still look like your photo?
Add to this list, men in track pants, tennis shoes, and a leather jacket.
Lovatics and Britney Army let's trend this: Stop saying bad things about Demi and Britney! Let's do this, and show de power that both have!
I'm up early and answering phones for local affiliate , give us a call at 907-550-8484.
I'm happy I'm spending thanksgiving with true friend but on some shit we really family
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself
I'm officially starting my campaign for #gc2016 right NOW.
Danny(my moms name) and yeah Hahah
Please visit www.wpaonline.org, watch the video, and fill a virtual backpack with school supplies for the kids of WPA.
"Live.. at the Dolby." Yep. Works for me.
show at tonight 9pm!
"You can always fall back on the five finger rule"...Unless you've never used the five finger rule.
Don't ever act like your shit doesn't stink!
": Ehhhhh RT": I like it like that she workin that back, slow motion for me ; )" haha lol
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil. ~ Victor Hugo
Nice. Have fun!!!
Getting the puzzle pieces together...
Thanks for all your support Jess!
Fine thanks. How is the weather there, any snow?
Pretty sure that's the point. RT : Santorum dick? That's too easy of a joke.
Division comes from the lack of 1 vision. The one vision comes from the team huddle TD Jakes
Home of the Lil Wayne Trukfit!!! T-shirts and Hats... Here @ City Gear!!!!!!!!
Eat a good meal before going out, & you’ll be more likely to stick to your list of things to buy.
Hey Jake, Purdue wins again. Can Matt Painter play QB? Because he sure can coach!!!
One thing this #glee episode is making abundantly clear: there was only ONE
Drowning n my tears.
daughter analyzing "In a Station of the Metro"-clearly smarter than me-keep saying I already did 6th grade, u r on your own as cover for IDK
Zimbo Rolls - Yeah!Fresh baked rolls filled with our homemade African farmers sausage & our spinach a feta mix.Try one to know just how good
Idk that's a good question I guess 2 people can be in here account but do u relly think she jumped?!?!?
Sorry, if you got a strange weight-loss tweet from us. Our account got compromised. Everything should be under control now :)
Woohoo!! Just signed up for the Summer Sweepstakes! Such cute accessories! Thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
good morning :)
Cup of what?
yeah, I had to pick one, so I gave you an up on coffee.
What are all you #RObotz up to tonight?!
Tuesday its tiffany
Are you a Dreamer instead of a Doer? Dreams are Great as long as you put them into Action! That is the only way to turn your Dreams into Re…
saved us about $26 bucks today in parking.
RT There's only one rule that I know of, babies — God damn it, you've got to be kind.
I feel like a champ when I get one!
making FACEBOOK statuses about people. 1. no one uses facebook 2. your childish
who is he?
I'll watch the highlights tonight. I can't believe this..
Next year? you coming to nyc?
McDonald's is always hiring :D
There are two standards on billion and above but i think THE US standard of thousand million is the most common.
General Boykin talking about Chrislam where churches and mosques are worshipping together in US reading Bible and Koran--where r we headed?
thanks for the follow Chris. -Shauna
just about all of it :) lol idk wtf it was been on forever! Thank You! Looks much better!!!
This episode proves why this show has been boycotted. Cancel this show
#10FactsAboutMe A film I am in, Enemy of The Mind, won a Remi Award at #WorldFestHouston yesterday!
another half a page of this paper. I can do this.
no I am over that now. I realized she taken by someone she loves
haha really!!? Don't tempt me...That would b a blast
Atlantic City, Allen on the road again Gene Allen covers a lot of ground during a basketball game. The Atlantic City coach paces in front
God, I love you! I'm watching #CASTLE and giggling the entire time. "is there a police code for zombie?" bawahahaha
Re: "sportswriter doesn't play game, ergo can't comment." That specious argument needs to be named, a la "Godwin's Law."
I've seen (and gotten) the marks. But don't know anybody who's gotten ticket.
Save the date! The second annual Canton #Wine & Jazz Festival is Sat 9/25/10. www.cantonwinefestival.com
Please 'Michael' help me. Please please please. Make this hold music go away. Please please. Please.
War Eagle Duf.
Just reviwed the articles in this month's ASHA journals on the commute home!
Never take life seriously, nobody gets out alive anyway
Everyone's packing for Vegas this week, because my family has
Thanks! Check your direct messages under home tab for coupon--sent 7:33am.
Oh yes, we don't like him bc of that :/
That is mahogany!
RT Thanks to all Detroit area writers who did stories on the U of Michigan and how they handled the Fab Five banners.
I am hoping 2 go 2 Istanbul, too, but not before August-Sept probably. Enjoy.
i can spell phenomenological without any help now, thanks college!
hm my FB account is unavailable. that's a first!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Marcus Hopkins °Rising 8th °Wylie, TX °Travel Team: Texas Knights °Point Guard 5’4
Man, our pitching staff is making Geoff Blum look like Paul Molitor. These guys blow.
The Dork Knight
That shit goes hard
S/O to for being the coolest and chillest most drama free person a know. I mean that.
Oh lax boys .. Oh baseball boys (;
Mine does the same ish, smh.
We are just one week away from I Hear Music in the Air. Have u purchased your tickets?
Congrats to Dreamworks & Touchstone Pictures on winning NAACP Award for best motion picture "The Help"
Kenneth Faried is the type of player everyone wants to play with, but no one wants to play against.
so good and so sad
I want to bury myself in water.
Saw a redhead wearing the perfect dress to compliment her hair.
Journalist will be discussing social media and technology at #crackingthecode!
Everyday more money is printed for Monopoly than the US Treasury
Damn u dat damn desperate 2 find a prom date, u had 2 go on fcebk smgdh datz pathetic
know it's a lil late but I just wanted to say thanks for the autograph @ academy!
We'll dial it up at network HQ!
You have a feel on which way this young man may go Mr Demling?
RT As you #appreciate what you DO have in your life, you allow the attraction of what you've been WANTING.
"Just stick your fingers deeper in there" - to
seriously .. your killing me .
Are Antique Engagement Rings Good Choice?
yes by my best friends as a joke and other times by sluts <3
I'm being stalked D:
Dear You are an angel. I suggest you post WHAT you can WHEN you can! If/when you need help let me know. We'll whip some up.
Finally on a break from shooting getting it in
RT : Use bit.ly links on your Facebook page to measure clickthroughs says
I intimidate u?! Aaww. GOOD!
Great Co-working space!
Thanks for getting the word about the Interdisciplinary Showcase. Sorry we were a little late to thank you!
hope you found someone to bring in the new year.
you are not helping
under certain circumstances social media can also propel issues onto the public agenda that the MSM aren't covering
A2 Synthetic drug manufacturers seem to keep one step ahead to always allow availability
It's a new week. What's on everyone's mind? Anyone going to see the President speak today?
Maybe so, I thought I was being clever! Shucks.
im always looking for new things to listen to, so if you make music hmu
It's the only song we know. It's the only song we know. It's the only song we know. It's the only song we know.
:( Praying for u friend... safe travels!
Say NO to bullying. RT if you agree.
Kobe fina give OKC they first L in the series
Check out my artist Mark Dash @ reverbnation.com/no1Koulddoitbetter
so looking to see you, Lauren! Not sure who this Chuck person is.
Thanks Lifetime :)
lol we werent making plans and if we do you know your always welcomed
I wish I knew what you were talking about. Lol
This is not the Thug Life you are looking for.
Greatest interception ever
Need a male model only for 8am PAID couple type shoot in NOLA downtown area!. Should b taller than 5'10 & b/w 20-40 yrs old Someone? Anyone?
Falling down is how we grow. Staying down is how we die
I love it!
Hi Patti!! That one is over and done!! Just don't have the after pics yet....will post em soon. How are you dong?
Purchase a 20 pack of single private pilates classes for $700. Reg. price $900. Offer good until noon today. 620 Eighth Ave. 92101
,oh ok carryon
Um... Why did I not get the Avery memo? I thought they were gonna pull a classic 30 Rock and delay this all summer. Woo! THIS IS AWESOME.
Whats next popping bubble wrap, slip and slide, water ballons fun huh
Thanks & see you soon! RT :
Enjoying reading "The Secret Garden" ... a benefit of getting the Kindle is re-reading some classics because they are free. :)
It's Monday, so come and celebrate with us at College Night. When you buy a Lg. Waffle Fry and Lg. Drink you will get a FREE CFA Sandwich!
Countdown. Drumroll please...
Kevin Garnett's head band-aid is comically large. That thing must be custom made.
Why don't I live in Florida?! Brrrr!
CEO Chris Artinian will be discussing the state of the steak on now with
Time to hurry home so I can get started on this chicken parm and ziti
Warren: How well do you sell your story for hiring or retention? Conversation in marketplace owns your brand
With my family at having a great time
i would do ANYTHING to meet love her! <3
Playing at McDonalds then off to the grocery.
So much good news. So much going on-so excited for everything! June 4th it starts!
#AskDerulo Does the neck brace hurt when you sleep?
people are so mean these days.
sucks for you!
Met my wife 5 years ago tonight. Off to Surly Girl to relive that first night.
that's awesome! I'm certain that WG'11 will bring it for our 1-yr reunion coming up
nah they're wicked drunnk hahaha
I'm starting to think I may be a bit compulsive about this whole twitter business. Welp, back to the opium den I go!
Thanks! “: "Data shows that 60% of the services we provide are In a language other than English." #RaceAndHealth”
My time with you was too short, I wish you werent leaving so quickly. Problems that happen when you
The person in front of me paid for my coffee in a #Starbucks drive thru today. Thanks little white car!
Excellent! Great news that you'll be part of the next one. Thank you for supporting #cashmob. This city thanks you.
"Having a dream is what keeps you alive. Overcoming the challenges make life worth living." - Mary Tyler Moore
Jealous! RT : Cold for breakfast? YES!
A successful woman is one who can find such a man
Been living under a rock for a few weeks. Has there been any LeBron James news lately? Ah, screw it. We all know he'll sign with the Knicks.
How did the Twins end up with the first pick in the 2001 draft? They did not have the worst record in the majors in 2000.
I had a similar phase. And I've lost everything. Oh LL how I miss thee.
drop everything now, meet me in the pouring rain
i never work thursdays, and OMG IDK THEY TOOK ME OFF THE SCHEDULE FOR YESTERDAY
SO happy you are our owner! Me & my girl have season tix! Can't wait for opening day! GO MAGIC!
If yo Kids Fathers didn't sign they Birth Certificates.. You can NOT Celebrate Mothers Day today! :)
. Let's try raising here too. And I agree, he should be posting in the draft thread.
what is the yoga schedule?
Running after the icecream truck, feeling like a kid again.
But anyway, questioning the established wisdom is good, especially in art. Viva la #BAM!
In my humble opinion, those are the best.
Hoping I'm wrong! -BB
Aw, thanks! :) If you could, leave a comment on 's Youtube video about that. I appreciate the love! :)
No I ain't.
hahah maybee.. (: or I might have just been playing hard to get, you never know!
I love following athletes. Rise and grind!
Time to continue the never ending chore of unpacking ...Not without a sunset run to the beach first to relish my new proximity to water!!!!
If you're near Kenmore, WA, please join the CU choir and Rev. Jim Pressnell tomorrow at Sunday service at Epiphany Lutheran Church.
we're looking longingly into each others eyes. Lol.
:) I'm sad,Ariana not tweet me.
thanks!!! Looking forward to letting you hear it!
The LSU Oregon game just goes to show you that the SEC is the lone powerhouse conference in the NCAA.
K, let's assume for a sec tht "human" & "tech " are social constructs & it's somewhat arbitrary how we define them
can't say just yet! We will be announcing May 7th! Stay tuned!
i just wanna smack her.
sometimes i pretend to be normal but it gets boring so i go back to being me (:
You know...the morning after Cinco De Mayo should be called Stinko De Mayo.
Any you'd share anonymously? I'm considering putting a collection together for a blog post.
Don't trust too much. Dont love too much. Dont hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.
Yeah it's at my grandma's
Yay for Tangled! Go see it if you haven't already!
Healthy skin is where its at! #takecareofyourself #faceit ;)
Lmaooo!!! Lets do this all nighter hahahaa we still need to do a cypher buddy
i just dont get why teens are trying to grow up so quckly.....
that last tweet seemed funnier in my head than it looked typed out.
#NP Donald Byrd- Ethiopian Knights , but something is missing...
Red Sox and Tigers brawl after Kevin Youkilis was hit by a pitch, benches cleared
Don't picture yourself in a Nike commercial, Be the friggin Nike Commercial! JUST DO IT!
Okay , I love you and all but, official mahomies? we're all official..not just the ones with a lot of followers.
goodluck to all the juniors taking the taks test...have fun lol
Nice. :) Capote, Keroac, Hemingway and Bukowski are also on my summer reading list. But, first pop culture brain candy!
Welcome to the club RT : Imma State Champion!!
...on the other, I am told to worry about students who say my classes are "too hard." What's a pre-tenure prof to do? (2/2)
Any former investment banking analysts looking to get back into the game as an associate/vp in San Francisco? Let me know
"You come at the king, you best not miss," - Omar from "The Wire"
with the brownouts and the new need for 10 new stations, is the city in danger of not providing fre protection to the citizens?
Omg. I'm so addicted. T-T You would love Te Avengers. I know you would.
Censorship is all the rage…Twitter!
I just went to Bob Evans it was so good I loved it. Thumbs up for food yaaahhh!!
very good, it will pay off later stay persistent...
thank you too, for following me!! :D
Ok im hungry
Your Beautiful:)
Join us at El Cajon this Friday 2/10/12 to meet Kirk at the mobile adoption with the SD Humane Society
RT : If you carry bricks from the past into the present you'll build the same house.
He who hesitates is lost.
GUN SHOW!! AUG 21-22 SAT & SUN AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE NM STATE FAIR GROUNDS. CHECK OUT NEW MEXICO GUNS!
Saw William Shatner last night in person on the Intrepid aircraft carrier for the premiere of his doc "The Captains". Big fun!
... Well, aren't you a weather resistant tank?
thanks so much for the RT mention :-)
believe that!
you know it man!
new year , a new start , a new mindset , a new fashion - dv
Me too! I have been trying to stay away from the spoilers and trailers as much as possible.
Good job girls!1st and high gold for tap and lyrical. got 2nd and 3rd for overall highest scores. good luck for who competes tomorrow!<3
thxs for follow .. It's a BETTER WEB BUILDER! htp://mybwbsite.com/2915272/op It's FREE!
do you have a link to what it son does?
Walter speaks at CANDLES every Friday, 1-4pm. We invite you to come and learn about this important history from an eyewitness.
Yeah no one fouled MKG. Miller wit da BLOCK!
Ethnic Heritage Ensemble, "The Continuum." Forward and funky at the same time. Playing "Well You Needn't"
I've been in touch with Brian Geldin about thanks to your suggestion at mentor session - SXSW. thanks!
congrats! I can't wait to see the pictures!
3: stare at him for a while and suddenly start sing 'just the way you are' as you grab him and start dancing with him.
Hit a dumb fuck with nun chucks then dump em in a dumptruck,you riggedy run up you're diggety done up when my guns up!(das efx flow lol)
Ugh. RT : 2012 Honda Civic Tour presents Linkin Park and Incubus with special guest MUTEMATH. Tour starts August 11.
today @ Nat'l Arts, Entertainment & Cultural Districts Symposium hosts talks on future of creative place making.
sandless sandbags-Use for movie props.. 50 bags weigh 40lbs..Lightweight to carry to the set. hose down and bags will inflate. green product
growing up i lived at the bottom of a cul de sac! had to train myself to power up that hill on my bike - actually got good at it.
At Swets prezi to learn about Mendeley Institutional, but have to wait until 6.. I'm trapped. :(
Dark Monday for NYT readers: most emailed stories are 1) Can You Call A 9-Year-Old A Psychopath? and 2) Capitalists And Other Psychopaths.
my shit hurt bro!
thanks!!! How's everything on ur end? Havnt seen u in awhile. Hope u and ur fam are good!!
Just broke my neck pretty sure
The argument isn't virtual worlds as innovation. Active, situated learning *is* the change. It's the cake not icing
who ever said its gone be easy never said it was gone be this hard
Gettin' amped for tomorrow. A dutch favorite is gracing Charlotte tomorrow. Mr. Woot!!!
"Nobody puts Baby in the Corner." Rest in peace Patrick Swayze.
MAYNE!!! Mother Nature got the Temp set on Hell in H-Town, I'ma need to knock her ass out or aka Freeze to sneeze...
A limited number of Fiddler on the Roof tickets opened up for each of the 5 performances! Get these tickets before they're gone!
Have you been house shopping lately?
Great tonight. Thank you
Awesome! Thanks.
portfolio is finished!!!
we're looking for marathon and 1/2 marathon coaches in the Milwaukee area, any chance you might have some suggestions for us?
Thanks Chris :) RT : So proud of our boys for signing with Amazing band. Keep an eye out!
Just saw the news that former QB Matt Flynn has signed a 3-year deal with the
Hey #UMass to the free throw line-13 minutes and 38 seconds in. #Temple has only taken 4 thus far. UMass trailing 26-21
Just spoke to 2 great Artists, BSE putting in the 2012 work now
#ALGF is blowing up this morning
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do. ~ Benjamin Spock
finishing this beer and sleep.
stop and knock on woid
That's a web gem
Nor do Village People tribute bands.
-- I've got some ideas for Ty's iPhone Help -- iPad Apps #3 -- what is your email address? :)
I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt.. Please don't make me regret it.
ok thanks !
Science writers' mantra: I will fight to the death with whatever cognitive tools I have for something I believe in.
Here's The 1st Thing You Want To Do Up & Coming Artist; SAVE UP $35 For A Consultation With Me To Get You Started In The Right Direction!
Ok really stop with the messages there getting annoying.
Tell the panda where you want to get crazy so we can put your favorite venues on our site. Drink for charity with QRazy Panda.
I try. :) Mobile learning is the future!
How is that even remotely a travel? Game changing call.
Hey amiga :D
So proud to be an Aztec right now!! Whooohoo! HUGE game tonight boys!
free gourmet Italian food? yes! #workperks :-)
& that you always are <U+263A>
Two exams and then work tonight, can someone shoot me now please
Next is our red carpet party..look out fa it in January
Ed Ayers - The only History Guy with a "real" job.
-____- why do you lie?
I agree. Just found it interesting that was my assumption & then Doonan discussed a different aspect.
Here we go again!
Until we are able to past the love test we are stuck, fustrated and quick to say the blank with it...defeated!!! Stuck at a 90feet giant!!!
...so in the end, they'd say, meh, fine. Here's a tortured this-time-only decision upholding ACA with maybe a tiny tweak or two for show.
yeah, pretty damn good. bringing a menu home; pls come to lunch w/ me sometime!
AlixPartners meet should produce some good insights into state of market for companies in #packexpo packaging space.
I can only apologise
Brewers come up short as they fall 2-5 to the Cubs. Diamondbacks win as well as Kennedy gets 20th W. Brewers lead to 1 game for 2 spot.
It's 3:03...I need to sleep
you wouldnt have that problem if you used suppositories
Life is full of fake people. Before you decide to judge them, make sure you're not one of them.
Can't thank everyone enough for their support, kind words of motivation, love and positive energy. I love you tweedos. Bostonthis weekend!
Don't you mean August?
If we don't get LSU vs Oklahoma state in the title game.... Another boring lsu bama game...
#Oomf done slipped up smh. Im all over it
I'm way beyond the frustration stage. $125 a month down the drain...never once offered compensation for my troubles
Do I ever cross your mind?
I never thought id live to see the day you retweeted something from Justin Bieber :)
Criminal justice and constitutional law, I took more classes this semester so I can work on Maggie brooks for congress in fall
happy mothers day. :)
... Bavarian Grill, The Fillmore Pub, Twisted Root Burger, Vickery Park, Dukes Original Roadhouse, Jasper's, Mama's Daughter's Diner
“: “: Please tell me Joshua Ledet didnt get voted off?!!” Wait, WHY?!” yes he did SMH
manny pacquiao now sponsored by Henessy... awesome
Biking SF the Hopps Swag with
I vote for people to start responding more to Tweets.. It keeps the writer motivated.. uhHem..
Which is the best nominated film this year? #Oscars 2012 Only saw one of them so far...
Man! Don't listen to these haters! You did nothing wrong. They are #trolls and you are
it really is a great lake. Hello Milwaukee.
TY for the Shout OUt ! Hope your Friday has been great!
Scouting locations in Memphis to shoot video with dr mark van stone.
maybe you should specify.
lol yes sir just hmu i should b at the house got a meeting at 430
hey Nixon! It's my birthday! :D
"Paper doesn't run; people run."
watch a movie like blow, smoke more or come over and ill punch u in the neck plate ....
missing out -____-
u rock
Best deal for the weekend? Any 18” pizza AND 12 wings for just $24.99.
congrats man!
LOL RT : Malls, where slow people come to walk slower...
same here. (: i followed you btw,
Who's stoked for the summer!? We're getting some new plans together, you should be stoked!
Thanks. I know it's still a ways away but I should probably start preparing
": “: I don't deserve you.” you do. You really do deserve him." <3 thank you for always supporting me.
Happy Birthday to our kick a@@ drummer...D$ (DALE HARPER)!!!! Someone buy this guy a SHOT tonight!!
I'm such a Hipster.
NO. Don't Vote Off Juliet. She's My Favorite. :'(
Ladies: Eventually two things will happen. Either he'll realize you're worth it, or you'll realize he's not.
My Bae Fell Asleep On Me ..Ima Fuck Him Up In The Mornin
We've conceded April/May. Entirely! RT : It's always a good game when is quite about his stinkin' bosox
I live in Abilene...
Wife had fun in Miami this weekend so bought this 55in 3D TV.
oh man. I can't believe you went there.
Books, a blanket, the porch swing, and the night sky. Home is exactly what I needed.
From the fruit manual: Lift watermelon carefully (use jack), place sturdy holders beneath, go in for the kill & pray holders stay on place.
Bien ;D Y que haces? LOL (What you doing?)
first cookout @ the new house = great success
Make u do a
Dizziness, Chronic fatigue, Impotence, Hair loss, Headaches, Low back pain, Constipation all symptoms of dehydration!
clearly an oversight!!
Yess throwback! I love this movie
yes a new pair of ballerina flats among other things. It was a good shopping day!
New rule: If I hold the door open for you and you walk by without saying "Thanks", I am granted one attempt at trying to trip you.
How've you been?
#Imagine *You walk in the room Alex: :O Robert: DAYYYUMMM Austin: Back off she's mine and always will be!
Walk your broken heart through that door. Sit your sexy ass on that couch. Wipe that lipstick off of your mouth.. I'll take it slow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
thanks buddy!
I like to think I'm the guy women dream about, even if its not the good dreams.
Responded to FIRE @ 685 Sheffield Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11207 and helped 5 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
he did it ironically/sarcastically in the same way Fader/Pitchfork love Lil B
Yay! We love ! Tell Aurora we say hello!
so glad you love them!! i tots know how you feel! are you dipping them into anything? or just as is?? where are you buying?
Monetize the hate!
“: the only good part about that finale #popped” I know! Lol so #popped horrible ending
uncheck the geotag thing when you're gonna upload the pic
Hopefully this song doesn't suck...spent so much time on this e_e
No!!! I'll be in town thru Tuesday!!!! Along with 20K librarians. Told them ALL to come.
“: Nigga they hating they don't want me to make it I'm paper chasing so fuck they saying nigga I'm trapping<<<< BOOMING <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>”
Hi Mr. Cantor! Do you love America as much as I do??? Because the truth is I REALLY love it, like I love Jesus, almost. Thx
Audio engineers. I've hired two new guys :)
need anything! I just started up the weekly b12 shots. Thanks for letting amber know about that :)
I have that board game, lets play sometime!
Chapter Two is now underway.
" i always wonder what my last words on earth will be but more than likely it's going to be this: Ooh what does this button do?"
thanks for the #ff!
Thanks for the follow<3
See I don't think Christie wants to be VP, but he might have to if he wants to be Pres in the future.
You should have a good time.
Heading over to the Elmhurst Jazz Festival
Where the hell are these girls shopping? / How good is your beer?
way to go!!! Make that bank!
That is NONE of your business Dempster.
You get what anybody gets - U get a lifetime ~ Neil Gaiman
Losing my V(egas) card. See ya'll lates.
We're thrilled to announce our Monday, April 23 lineup, 7-9, Bathsheba Doran, Ed Park & Tiphanie Yanique. Join us at Shrine in Harlem!
hey hey!! Thanks again :)
I think you and I should just drink on it, Put our heads together and think on it, Maybe later on we can sleep on it
I don't even want to really discuss #MassEffect anymore because it hurts too much. Can't even play it anymore, it makes me sick since ME3.
I mean don't get me wrong I love Ian and everything but y'all have to show some love to other members of the crew.
are you passing?
Just beat in two straight games of basketball here at Main Event. Awesome.
Awesome! Congrats to you and Louis. Seems like yesterday when I coached him in LL baseball.
And we're in affect...
How long you around for
it's going to be just north on Harper, about a mile up. Right past Gilbert's! Full firestation-esque design throughout!
yes please!
Little victories add up to big wins!!!
wait the Mets are shopping him???
The only reason I'm out of bed before noon today is because I thought my roommate said "Two Girls One Cup" not "The Girls World Cup." Sigh..
Fine...I will send a gift and a prayer i dont get more of these. 10 years though and i met them twice?
Good Morning-Be sure and count your Blessings-Calculator available upon request
let me know when you have some free time to talk.
true... Very true.
Why does it feel like those who give in, They only wind up losing a friend.
tour dates (that don't include anywhere in the north east...)
I wish i had something to do tonight besides making art.
Merry Christmas everyone <U+2665><33 :D
I don't think so mora mora mora the explora...that's right I just went there
Exactly what I need. We've had at least half a day's worth of crying already.
Thanks babe! Can't wait to hear all about your adventures on the West Coast :)
Would you say people who drive dumb cars look smart?
Much obliged.
#firstdayofschool ...not so bad
hey :) thanks for the interest you will have to follow us so we can direct message you back
Tyler the Creator – Yonkers
it was ha ha ha isaiah said he did it haa ha.
I'll rather have a honest enemy than a fake friend!!
- I am following - please send me any addresses where you see my signs............. Clark
I am Trayvon Martin!
Planning to brew an imperial ipa this afternoon. Anyone want to help?
Good Morning everyone..Make it a good one!!
Ok change mind clear from those bitches
Why is me and basicly tweeting the same thing lol
But Seriously. Happy Valentine's Day!
Didn't want Patriots to win but love #Brady saying he sucked today.
Microbrews w/friends...
i may have to try that myself
Is Tony dead or alive?
wrong way brandon
Think about the money,that can be your energy!
It might be pronounced "Swaim" but any guesses how long Sveum will pronounced "Swoom" as in "June Swoon?"
we are all on the struggle bus. #truth RT "Congrats Newt, I'm glad you realized you were on the struggle bus."
3 things: 1: Suggest us to yo friends. 2: What song should we push as our new single? 3: RIP Al Davis
Thank you I'm very excited to offer our District an Independent choice. Join us!
Josh Hamilton to the Brewers by trade deadline? I GUESS we'd take him.....
well in arizona its so f**ing hot. still. Cant wait till it starts cooling down here
i'm just tired of opening up to guys because i get hurt everytime. i rarely open up & they take advantage.
take on #Minnesota tonight at 7:30. Catch it on 52 LCDs
Let's find some new ones today! RT We love new friends! Please ask your friends to find "Jillian's Story" on FB & Twitter.
I get downstairs
follow back!?
Can someone please tell me what the video is called where One Direction is dressed as one another??? PLEASE HELP???
I love that church!
I am typing on my new iPad e
G you are crazy.
Dad says we hog the bed! We just like to be comfortable!!
Similar to how many people wish for the Obama of 2008, I wish for the Trail Blazers of 2008.
I love marc jacobs #pause clothes,shoes,bookbags,jewerly
Just tell me when. :)
dude - did you just send me spam via direct message? i don't wanna open the link #scary!
The most beautiful image of forks in the sink I've ever seen! (A subtle nudge toward an iphone?)
Thanks for the follow Stand For c<U+0313><U+0259>sna<U+0294><U+0259>m (cusnaum)! :)
I always offer you your football back you just never take it
I will try and get there
RT Have you been empowered through mentorship? Join the conversation with
you have to follow ;-)
Wish I could spend mothers day with mama english
The boy said Whitney Houston still can play movie roles - for example "someone resting on a couch".
Bruised Knucks, sore body, runny nose, no sleep. Today should be good.
media thongs! RT : Office is across the street from NASDAQ HQ and the throngs of media outside are insane. All for Facebook.
Are you an American Idol fan? If so how do you think it will be without Simon this year?
Instead of talking about how irrelevant the Grammy's are, just don't watch or talk about them, thereby making them ACTUALLY irrelevant.
This particular game is all about the damage! Fixed up the airlock a bit...
we are at the con center not sure when we are heading down town but it will be for sure around 6PM
why do we have te suffer for the unknown?
I am! Thanks for asking.
“: Lmaoo. Dude aint give no fuck. He had his mind made I dont care if I'm late I'm goin lol”thank you haha.
RT : Pizza Hut announces its crust is filled with everything. We live in the crust. The crust is the Universe. $9.99
my brother though out a bucket and a box and GUSS WHAT?? HA.. it got stuck on the Tree...
If we can't get speaker permissions for #aaasci recordings will be for personal use only and we'll need bloggers to report!
Today was unbearable until came on(:
I'm wishing on a shooting star hoping you will come true <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
Aleast he kept in
I feel like you need a shirt that says that. And then you need to wear it EVERYWHERE, every day.
Thanks so much!
Familia if u r n the DMV don't 4get about tomorrow @ The Upper hit 'em 4 details
Lakers. Clippers. Nice to have the NBA back.
S/O to my two new followers and ! Send me some links to your work and I'll RT! Thanks again
My ex girlfriend is a porn star .... She's gonna be so pissed when she finds out...
#ThingsWeNeedToChange #Obama and Economic dependency on gas
finally someone who agrees lol i hat hearing ppls excuses why they are out of shape
miss you too, darlin! Let's do a Postal Service thing and send some stuff back and forth. I've never tried to write a duet!
are you on safari 5.1?
miss u bro for reals!! We will do it BIG the day I come I promise!!
Giving and serving is dope!
they are...
RT : Funny that you don't have a PR budget but you can make it to Essence Fest, Miami, Atlanta over the weekend. Priorities.
A few good contests on the site right now. Studliest Abs? No better time than the present.
hey man just grinding my self I am a songwriter ...can I send u some records
Am following and he needs some #Followers y'all lets help, #BigShoutout come one I wont hurt you! :-D
Love the cart driver on the concourse at #DIA that whistles cheerful tunes instead of yelling at people to move!
Let love explode and bring the dead to life. A love so bold to see a revolution somehow.
Dun wit eyebrows&nails im tired&starvin McDonald's here i come lol
Im gonna be in South Beach later on with Lil Wayne...should be interesting!
if #HBO pulls together a #thewire season where Micheal is runnin shit ... fuck it ill write it right now. #seasongangster season 4
it is black and has Einstein and relativity theory on it
Thank you for watching!
easiest way to become friends with me? tell me you like of mice and men. simple as that.
Thank you to ALL our amazing Sponsors for the Mother's Day giveaway! What a great event. Thanks to all that entered too!
books and flowers! Roman philosopher, Cicero, was just SO dead on: "If you have a garden and a library you have everything you need."
This weather is perfect to cuddle up with someone (': .
Well hopefully it can be fixed eventually.
You are welcome. Off to that horrible minimum wage work thingy. XXOO
If ya can't beat it join it!
What a difference a good night's rest makes- feeling ready to move on to Kuala Lumpur.
Burning the bottom of your feet when walking outside to take out the trash.
4 homers seems like it'd be pretty relaxing. A lot of jogging. Everybody says you're the hero. Perfect game is work.
If and can tweet you, you can too
., so I sent you an email outlining my concerns. You sent me a survey asking "how did we do?" Clueless.
so now that you are going to have a kid are y still gonna be on the jersey shore
I know, I'm pretty proud(;
Oh gosh, I checked my e-mail. 2500 unread e-mails, 1/3 of them from Staples saying my coupons were about to expire.
Just purged my feed of a bunch of pointless celebs. I feel twitterly cleansed.
I certainly do....do you like Escape the Fate, Falling In Reverse and Good Knives?
Already home, seattle was nice ,hot girls but no cute asian guys. Oh well goodnight!!!!!
Doubt whom you will, but never yourself. -Christian N. Bovee
I honestly don't ask for much, but not like it'll matter.
this shows the tits :p
Local Artist Shaun Bell will be performing at the peace festival
Thank you. I don't think journalists as a class are anti-academic, but somehow journalism as its own monster seems to be.
starting to grow plants in space, finally that floating garden ive always wanted will be a possibility, better hit that realestate up
What a day, good, but busy!
Seeing union park as a normal park is weird.
man,you wouldn't call it an accident if you saw replay. sad to see MWP regress like that. hopefully suspension wont b harsh
trying to find u on camgirls. Where are YOU?
Please send all custom orders to as we're still working on our Website!
you make it home alright? No flintstone tire?
damn... Well then rush that shit!
I think I'm about to give in and create instagram... I kno what I said before.. don't judge me lol
See you soon!
lmao have u been behaving???
Coffee and cigarettes are for the weak
the one from dade? Your gross bro
hahahhaha bro i have videos of him talking while hes sleeping itz so funny i miss yu guys more then anything wallah!!<33
Excited for the World Series to start. More excited for the human interest story about Tony LaRussa's process for picking a hairpiece.
Brah, my biceps have tripled. Now I have
Livin it up Kentucky style at Princeton Day School tonight... great evening ahead, congrats to on a fabulous event
Closing out the last of this iPhone app with a few Guiness'
no joke!!
If we are strong, our character will speak for itself. -John F. Kennedy
Rain, you need to stop. I need to see my #orioles thump the #redsox tonight, okay?
yay new jersaaaay! What's the website for music?? I'm in atl!
haha...i been slacking on my duties to stay ride or die....i'm here though always on time...;)
who oh ok
It's so nice there :) Headed back to this weekend
Very cool talk from DNA Electronic
What are you going sing?
my phones been deadd all day and I'm waiting for my chargerr ! :( I miss u... it's been like.. a day... =[ </3
i love you please follow me<3
LOL story of a girls life.
Who was the first one to realize Joey Fatone, who was the fat one in N'Sync, had a last name that literally said "fat one"? #toosoon?
i feel like making a cheese burger !!! mmmmh .
I didn't even read a page in the book and I think I killed the test. Look at all these dumbass who read the book still taking the test :)
Things people excited for their team to upgrade in the draft say ---->RT : you a Pats fan?
Crying. I dont like my hair at all.
Great #acehp12! Looking forward to learning from the pros: , , , , Thanks 4 following!
Thanks for inspiring the men of tonite in preparation for demo day
It puts the lotion on its skin.
UGH!!! Why does high school have to come with waking up early and learning stuff! as if were ever gunna use it again! lol
you know it brahhh(;
About 2 take stage 4 the comedy trifecta stage 2 n Chicago (land)
"no matter who you are or where you come from, you can find opportunity in Columbus" Nancy Kramer.That made me teary-eyed!
Give 'er all ya got DD! You can do it...the 10's are coming...even from DWTS' "Simon Cowell'! LOL!!
You KNOW it's Christmas when toy assembly for niece & nephew leaves you nearly shattered. Hearing "woahhhhh" on Xmas day...totally worth it!
"If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded." ~ Maya Angelou celebrating her 84th Birthday Today!
All caught up on all TV from last night, a few thoughts...
GOOD AM JUST LETTING U KNOW CALEB HAD A OK NITE R.T GAVE HIS LAST TWO TREATMENTS WHILE ASLEEP IM SO GLAD THEY DID HE FIGHTS THE MASH HUGS
You can't tell, but I have a sad face...I have to work!
Text/image relationships & filmic vocabulary will fly at our AWP Book Fair panel and screening, Writers and the Moving Image. 4:30, Feb 29!
ManU Report: Terry on England Euro roster despite racism trial (The Associated Press)
can I get a dj drop from you? Thanks.
Doesn't that depend on how you define "wealth" ? 8-)
I only have one speed, GO!
Me trying to kill an S word apparently means me wearing boots, holding a can of lysol and a swiffer, and standing on top of my toilet.
Garlic! I automatically love any place with Garlic in the name.
Who's going out tonight
I wanna go to a heat game.
can you explain to me why espn thinks fans of 28 other teams want to hear about sox/yanks all the time?
I think it is his railroad but not sure. Read it somewhere...
Just when I thought this show couldn't get more awkward...where did they find these men?
Thats a bold claim Mr. Batwing
Tiger seemed a lot less pompous and a lot more gracious than normal in that interview. Could his trials be humbling him?
BTW, you need to roll thru for brunch one day. Next session, July 3. Grub is on me, of course.
Dont trash yor cell phone-Recyle with us if you would like a box contact
I don't have mine on. All windows open. Lovin it. Welcome to Twitter, btw.
Two People + One Feeling = Love
This is the last of the SMS is it not?
Service was beyond awesome! !
I wish I had an XBOX though for HALO. haha
here is a good itinerary for you.Stubby's taps at 5:30. go get a Juliet and BCCS..should take yo to 6:40, then go to burnhearts
amazing inspiration from the late John Chamberlain Inpired by his maniuplation of metal and mass objects!
GAH. *Robert* Benchley. It's been a long day.
yes! They did! Just need warning so they can get work off. Sarah is the mommy I liked and meg the sister I never wanted :(
Only mediocrity of enjoyment is allowed to man. -Hugh Blair
RT Worthwhile report on #digitalpreservation of video and audio from Digital Preservation Coalition #DPC just publishe...
This cowboy seems a little too big for his britches ;)
#keywestsongfest #keywest we play Southernmost on the Beach Sunday at noon.
follow me? No? Ok, bye. D:
Good Morning my tweethearts! SN: remember being who u are is key! Illusions only last but for so long! Be ur #1 FAN believe in urself!
hot dogs for breakfast???they're kosher
Lesson learned, I loved Union Rags in the Derby because he had been in trouble and still ran big.Guess what,Union Rags finds trouble
YES! Victory is mine!
If I was going to sleep after 2 a.m. in Italy, I shouldn't really have jet lag, right?
Just hope i dont get lost haha probably gonna take my speed bike idk?
It's been an enjoyable day. Kids are all smiles. Mission accomplished.
Hi lucy how about getting me on some of those me pilots would like to join Aftra
wifi this, wifi that, wifi me ., it sounds iike a wife bitching..
Let's go Curtis Granderson. Big hit needed.
Pretending to read your birthday card after the money's fallen out...
Mubarak announces changes..but will stay in office until September election...isn't the news protestors wanted to hear
I have to check this one out... don't know how that could be argued paying him what they did and giving him the nod opening day
Met scientist from S. Africa who referred me to a scientist in NL doing research that can help my daughter's Phosphorus project!
Whao, chill bro.. You know you can't rasie your voice like that when the lions here.
Join Us at FHF's End of Season Thank You & Holiday Social this Friday Dec 9th 5:30-8:30 p.m. FREE. No RSVP needed. Invite others
Our latest episode being about time travel, we have to ask: What's your favorite time travel movie?
Go Pirates!
he so sexy.
Perhaps the most costly work & yet still cost effective was humbly expressed by one person for all ppl "It is finished..." ~ Jesus Christ
chirp..chirp..chirp
Holy awesome day, Batman! Selling art is fun!!! :D
True Fact Yunik is a Virgo
it gets better
#glee :D
How is everyone? We are enjoying a break! We will have songs and info about the EP up in the next couple of weeks! Keep a lookout!
you like diaz though right?
During Teacher Appreciation Week is there anyone who would like to #thankateacher? Let us know about that special
Sunday night fun...brushing up on OAI-PMH and OAI-ORE!
Love the "I like big books and I cannot lie" idea. 2 more awesome big books, The Historian and The Passage.
Starship Enterprise galaxy cruise to heaven
yay! good luck this weekend.
we're getting so close.....
Yesturday was a horrible day but I believe there's goin to be joy in the morning! I'm Blessed to be Stressed!! Think about that...
the hotel where we just had brunch has real alligators in the lobby
"i got 99 problems but cake aint one"
I need to get back to the DMV
Pink remote.
Carr's Hill Field
Safe travels! Remember you've got a friend in the City of Angels. Rock those jeans Ryan! :)
thanks for following
Beautiful dog Jeff. Sorry about your loss and I will keep him in my heart.
CANNOT FUCKING WAIT FOR WARPED TOUR TICKETS! I HOPE I HAVE ENOUGH
Good point A copyrighted 'data item' may have strict copyright constraints, but the metadata you have on the item may not
Teachers' first day is August 1...with a full-day conference on July 31.
Feeling a bit better..
you're disagreeing with me now, but its alright you're still cuter :).
Ask your mom if you can donate to Evelynn. your dad, whoever has a credit card.
I got meeting in the ladies room....literally. WOMEN BEHIND BARS
follow my new account?
That's not very genteel language, Dr. K.
Eating an ENTIRE hersheys chocolate bar was not on the check list today :( But some how I managed to finish that over anything else.
Holy shit. I'm freezing!
Got my floor length Victorian night dress, and a new edition of the boardgame Scruples.
Tony will celebrate by going to one of those non-political Glenn Beck events!
#WhenIWas13 we finally had cordless phones -- but they only worked in the house.
Californos is available for some 2011 wedding receptions! Our space and location are amazing, the price and food are other huge plusses!
Curled up w/coffee and my Hunger Games: Mockingjay...here we go.
wait... Mike thrasher... Really? We will pay you twice what he did to play at our doorstep with a thumb piano/eggshaker
It's 4:30?! oh my, today flew by!
I keep thinking about the times we were together. I miss you so much.
No problem feel free to follow me for travel/expat news, blogs and tips
Just touched down
Hahahahahahahhaa I thought you did
Memo from NHL to sabres: do not hit Crosby or attempt to beat pens. Our officials will stop you.
thanks for the RT. lol "Apple doesn't even have to try anymore."
Awesome, now I can finally do what I was planning on starting today at 9am !!
Shake and bake time at Las Vegas Motor Speedway!
We are so excited to be apart of Spacenets day of caring! We look forward to seeing all the photos!
Colgate introduced aromatic toothpaste in a jar in 1873.
One of the coolest things about being an actress is I get to be somebody else when I work. Hard to do that if you work in an ofc, huh?
Good call. Boys ARE dumb!
Yeah B*tch, Yeah B*tch, call me Steve-O.
Go global taking your blog around the world I'm ready Paris anyone
because i feel like it
Mom on phone discussing turkey-leftover recipes: "Some shredded turkey and rice porridge (congee) would be good!"
no problem! You deserve it!!!! <333
It is a little chilly in the fort today. Like.
Thanks! That is far more detail than I've found anywhere.
It confuses me when two bottoms date.....
Oh people pay attention - the beauty of twitter!
Just hit me 500 hundred dollar hit off wit cuzins, Thank god 4 it
dope! If i could score free tickets I'd go. Paid for nice seats on Friday so it'll be a one game trip for me.
- Thx! It was fun.
let's get it! I'm down!
Tammy Jean the beauty queen is a rhyme my dad has said for as long as I can remember.
In honor of 4/20 I'm getting a pack of candy cigarettes
U From da hood B
Planning next steps 4 R & D with & Talking thru middle school ideas
Where should I have dinner tonight?
Just got da hang of this!!! So late LOL!!!
LMAO. Perfect observation of the poor bastard
Got it - thanks!
lazy afternoon with my favorites ... loving life! ps CAPS
Cannot wait for bed! So much for yoga tonight!!
“: "BEAST"” solid pick but could of used upshaw
I'm probably averaging 4 miles of walking per day just getting around the hotel/casino/exhibition hall
Follow back
Thank you for the RT!
fun doing an audition with Ronnie Loaiza for a TV show today...have a great wkd !
OMG u r not my brother.
We received a pretty cool media contact today. We may be in a pitch meeting faster than we thought. Get excited.
how r u
remember to get your friends to the polls! He are on the cusp of making history!
I am not freaking out!! Lol.
if you DON'T know who Austin Mahone is go check him out & follow him! #YouWontRegretIt <U+2764>
The live strings on "Marvin Gaye & Chardonnay" > ___.
just got dine swimming! Watching teen wolf right now!(:
you know i think i've found a twin,'cuz i'm just like you! (even if i don't like so much justin bieber) however nice to meet you!
Hi Eli! Can I interview you? Working on master's Digital Journalism after 25 yrs/print. Current: Advanced non-fiction writing
dude. Jugaloos have sex with each other. There's concerts. Festivals. Websites. Gas stations.
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one.
Haven't seen a goal in hours...
Asked by on , Rep. Israel (D-NY) predicts GOP Reps. J. Walsh (Ill.) and Ann Marie Buerkle (NY) will lose in Nov.
When Are U Coming To Louisiana
Sometimes I love my friends...right now is NOT one of those times
thx for the wine - you guys rock!
Earlier I photocopied my chesticles and showed my mom LOL. And Marissa photocopied her boobs hahahah.
Okay - downloaded and looking forward to it!
Mtv holiday party.. Best company party ive been to thus far.
have no idea. be performing at Six Flags this summer though. that's about as "TOUR" as i know right now. lol
It's like giving yourself a nickname.
Wich destination are you most interested on?
Alright. 1 more time D. #UWW needs to take advantage of these TO.
im glad that you show up and dance ... y'all the best!!!
...and speaking of stinks, there are enough people to fill a whole bus waiting for 's 16Y and yet it just arrived, already full. Yay.
gave me a nickname - Ashley "Lights Out" Maria - on the set of
Work and life is busy but hey!
It looks like Prince Tagoe and Charles Takyi did not make the final 23 man squad.
Go Chelsea!!!
im next to you now, bumming lol & i love you a lot!
RT : TODAY at 3:20 p.m. ET: Analyst Sam Panella will provide her take on Black Friday and Cyber Monday on CNBC's Closing Bell.
THOSE GUYS HAVE ALL THE FUN (ESPN) continues big demand; MISS PEREGRINE'S HOME FOR PECULIAR CHILDREN (teen) huge demand!
And when the radical priest come to get me released, we was all on the cover of Newsweek. (Sticks and Bones?)
oh shur I'm sposse to be studying but ahh well! please follow me friend! She loves you!!:o
lol ur making me wanna play Batman :-)
So thankful for and for being awesome friends. And most of all my beautiful amazing girlfriend
Big mac date later with <3
ALL OF THE PANCAKES THOUGH
Watching Valentines Day in 4th period
if you like my music you can buy my songs and t-shirts at reverbnation..support a musician. thanks peace and love sam thompson
whats popping tonight? square apple? beauty bar?
RT Boy niggas ride so much dick these days they dont leave none for the broads to ride. Smh.
Happy Sunny Tuesday fans! What is your favorite dance quote?
Tweet us the flyest photo of ya mother on mother's day so we can show off your love 4 her to the world! That's #TopFamEnT for ya!
Jenni Jenkins Celebration Class 1/29/2012 tickets benefiting , attend or support.
follow for awesome tweets! You won't regret it!!
Some tasty cocktails and a bit of Iberico Ham down in The Office to wind down a fantastic evening with the wife.
Her Face Got Mauled By A Bobcat, So She Wearing No Shirt In Her Twitcon
I just started talking w/ the MD Historical Soc. abt a #warof1812 editathon this spring or summer.
Film makers is not ready for this
Got my invite from Typecast, yahoo!
Let me take care of you, i'll handle this
ASPIRING ENTERTAINERS: Working hard but impatient because you get no love?
Happy Hour till 6pm ~ 1/2 price wine, beer & sushi!
At work on this beautiful day! Thank goodness its almost 5:30
aw haha hows that event going?
I’m not one of those girls who will sit there and let things happen. I’m a girl who will go out and make things happen.
Design challenge:Finding a metaphor we can all relate to. For youTube: Content as a smorgasbord of plates We can fill. #chi2012 .
You are doing the most up in that city! Get it!
I've got two words for you "mobile+computing." The sum of this often = Facebook or Hulu, but it can = productivity if you try.
The prospect of real actual sex frightens some nerds and makes them uncomfortable. Lol. It's out of their comfort zone!
Have fun! Feel free to share any moments of enlightenment along the way.
2/2 Reno Charter: "...who receive the highest number of votes must be placed on the ballot for the general election."
First time at Joe's crab shack
Kevin Garnett is such a piece of shit though. I wish Metta WorldPeace coulda elbowed him in the head.
Boys took the camper out of storage today and sent me on a mission to plan a trip.... Cabin fever soon to be OVER!!!!! Hey-Oh
Why do you feel this way? And is this a good or bad thing in ur opinion?
Adrien Brody is doing beer commercials. Another one bites the dust
I have a short temper for bullshit, when I pop we done it's a wrap I'ma take off on yo er time I see u
I wanna see darkshadows so bad :o
not sure why so many are having problems with the feed - it's been working fine for me since the beginning of w's. (Safari)
How can you put a % on a team that's not even Assembled?
#ThoughtsWhileRunning is running like a girl right now. Lolololol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Natural is beautiful!!!!
appreciate it man but I'm not gonna be elgible since I transferred from a D1 school to another. I plan on goin to Juco in CA
I think I saw something like that at Otakon a couple of years ago.
Eat more veggies #madcow!
Hi Steve, any chance you still have that rfp tracker lying around. I am about to build a custom object.
I don't know anything about basketball but the only thing I know is I like Miami heat. So win what you gotta win #heat lol
my cat is affectionate but skittish at the same time. I rescued her at 8, I think she was abused or something.
Vodka has flavors that taste like bubblegum, cupcakes, and other desserts. My question: Does it make it easier to bang a college girl?
I hate when the person that's recording the fight never holds the camera straight and then post,it on
#RIP Whitney Houston we will miss you.
Speak softly and carry a big ass machete.
Today: Happy Monday! High of 82 and partly cloudy.Don't take the weather for granted by forgetting what state we are in
Thanks! We love that one too! :)
And then you're off to college baby!! Have fun my love!!
Yeah sure! :D
I'm glad you finally deciding to follow me! Guess who's moving back to MC!?
yay party time
You don't need tech. to create feelings, love, fear, hate, + passion. You need great storytelling. -Jen Maclean,gamedev
I love this song,it's amazing.
When faced with tough business decisions, data and analysis usually beat intuition.
Wendy's spicy nuggets >>
so I guess I tried... your loss
Because I can't say this enough. ;D #HappyBirthdaySamWinchester!! <3
Client: "That 1 idea may change my work scenario for the better." Need coaching?
On my way back to the D after the master class with I'm feeling inspired! WMU has some great players.
Al Bundy usually has the same effect on me.
“: U.S. Soldiers! You don't have to watch the season premiere of GLEE in secret any more!”
RT : First #Titanic exhibition visitors came after seeing a segment on
RT : Barker Town clerk resigns; says she can't perform gay marriages, cites Bible. . . . < And we'll miss her. NOT.
AMEN! RT : It's Wednesday. Chug more coffee.
For hassle-free auto repair and oil changes dial 405-887-2740. We come to your office,home or business
It's 2010, get smart, realize that humans are omnivores.
so what I got from this is the bee was minding its own business and you decided to ride your bike into its ass..... Gottcha...LOL
Love how real u r!Im from Ny finally here after 6yrs hubbys in military want 2 know how u like cali we r hoping 2 move th ...
for reals there was, we went to go wait in the car lol
:] you made my name L337
Thanx for being there and for the kind words.
not yet... but let me think about it. We could just replay last nights time mishap as a kicker... haha
Do contractors ever show up when they're supposed to? I've sure never found one that did...
Time for a bio change ;)
Watching the Tebow vs Brady game. Don't care who wins but I do wanna see what Tebow does. If he pulls this off, then WOW! #Proven Winner
I showed cami's friends a video of my bf & they all went nuts & couldn't believe that he was actually dating me. I not THAT uggy gaiis.haha.
Many thanks to Barbara Rockenbach for a great #skillshare12 panel on DH
can everyone follow me and i will follow back
Nice dress hmm that was you i guess tonight Hit me up next time ill make sure you get some VIp @ Reign
Our announcement has been moved from 5:30 PM to 6:00 PM. Stay tuned!
Had such a amazing weekend with my love! Couldn't of asked for a better weekend I got all her amazing kisses and all I love her oh so much<U+2764>
So many varieties of #cauliflower at #farmersmarket! White, yellow, purple! Beautiful!
Planning to be at #Catalyst in #Dallas tomorrow or Friday? So are we. If you're thinking about seminary, stop by so we can connect.
just because. Keep meaning to hit up CES but haven't yet.
Good Luck! Where's the interview at?
Wednesday -2/9/2011 - DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music
#doomtown is the whole message.
“: #NF ...tryna get inked up hit em up FOLLOW THE MOVEMENT #TeamWeWorkHarder”
Hi #marac! Just wanted to remind you that I am running to be your secretary. Have any questions about me? Fire away!
I'm watching...u r amaze!
Soon the sound of any Sarah McLachlan or Willie Nelson song is going to cause me to curl up in the fetal position
haha..thats where I went.gonna check out this version...should be good too..
Hi Jean - thanks for the mention and I hope your week is great too!
Finally got our power back after 9 days! I love electricity!
Looks like im not getting a new board tomorrow.
So thankful for readers extraordinaire and !! Happy Friday!
Brownie orders rolling in for the weekend. Busy baking to make moms smile.
<U+200E>"To be brave is to love someone unconditionally, without expecting anything in return.
what sized shirt you wear
hey! i need to ask you a question about that assignment in computer apps
I know right? SO close, so beautiful.
I swear, I'm prettier than I look.
Middleton's downtown famers market starts today from 3 to 6:30 p.m. featuring 10 vendors on Terrace Ave. behind the Hubbard Avenue Diner.
i have a sinking feeling that i'm going to have to review all of my sources in the next week and a half.
On my way to Panama City....the beach....here we come!
(wrong on most things, but debates pol. theory w/ strangers on #Twitter) (scary, prodigious journo talent)
Midnight in Paris is enchanting, no better word to describe it, saw it last night w/ , absolutely LOVE it!
Saw your name on the FL job shadowing thing and knew I knew the name. Congrats on the KidLib job :)
Ah! Go Clippers! Hahaha.
Baylor's uniforms. No words.
lol look at dude juiced for prom.
Yep, you can always spot a Democrat out of the crowd when they start talking about taxes that should be increased or added.
Eating an entire box of flax seed crackers is not a consequence-free situation.
Om gosh! I was running into the bathroom and i slipped and ohmost face planted into the toliet
#JustRememberThat whatever's ment to be will be
I've finalized the presentation schedule. Please check for errors.
#IWantABoyfriend that is my bestfriend, who I can talk to(:
Well I feel you on that but let's be real, Nas ain't never sold albums, lil' too late to try and be commercial (if you ask me)
Daily Creative Confession with Delano Johnson: NOV15 Mine: Patience to wait on fruit from seeds planted. What's your confession today?...
Carnival Special 199 PACK AND GO! for September
#NintendoDay Fire Emblem, Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney, The World Ends With You, one Zelda and one Pokemon game.
hauptman's outside your window watching you. make sure he doesn't come in when you're sleeping
Just realized it's Friday the 13th... after my bus broke down. #selffulfillingprophecy pray for our servers.
also buying emperors new groove! so many animated movies i could buy. tempted by the rescuers down under...
"The world is waiting for your invention!" —Delano Johnson (Talented&Broke NOV26)
Maybe i'm too nice .
My boyfriend comes back tomorrow. Finally!! He went skiing for Spring Break and I miss him :\ a lot.
Time to paint :D
#NowThatImOlder you can treat me like I'm actually a part of the family oh wait now I'm not 18 goodness gracious
Almost at 100 fans
holy crap you're so close! One million for Paul Wesley!
A3: Sell the drivers to the American public. Stars drive ratings. See the success of the NBA and failure of IndyCar
BuzzkillR - A natural, refreshing drink for you -- and your liver
I effing miss you!!
TRY ME, BLACKASS
#ThePitch "Trash Can concept reveal was stunning. How could they not go for that. Make a stupid app later for crying out loud. mumble mutter
The coyote of the desert likes to eat the heart of the young & the blood drips down to his children for breakfast, lunch & dinner
I'll try and be there. Who's all coming up?
we turned into buff Asians! We better still be hung.
super delish. will admit that envy over your access to koshary has suddenly inspired some "koshary new york" google searches.
Good Morning & Good Night folks! I want some news followers! Follow me I'll follow back I promise!
The Easter marks the official start of wearing your Spring wardrobe. Remember to keep polished and professional.
": Give in to the sleep. You deserve it." Agreed! Sleep is good. Awake is bad.
& when i apply put in a good word :) lol do you work tomorrow?
lol I'm sure its what they're thinking.
aww, thank you :)
found out I'm having a boy!!!!
I am in Asheville NC for Polly's brother's funeral. It was great to hear that UCC was taught about true worship. God has to be worshipped.
One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.- William Feather -
Sitting at work while getting texts from friends who are out shopping on this holiday is making me very sad. Very sad indeed.
Get it. That sounds delightful. RT : Making paella on the stovetop. Also, wine.
#KNICKS ARE GOING TO WIN BY 4 POINTS LETS GO NEW YORK
idk it just don't do it for me...
So proud of you. All of North Point loves you!
I know sorry mm wath are u doing
Interesting conversations about war happening between parents and kids at Conner Prairie's Civil War Journey. Immersion works.
Nice!! You're just eating dinner??? Isn't it too late for that???
Yes! Dog!
“: can you text me that Info again Please.” Okay luv..
Ah,Longest 4 days of my life are now over- unfortunately I couldn't resist the southern cooking after working 14 hours everyday.
Is there an "h" in jorts? Jhorts? Jean + shorts = ??
My TL needs is missing something. Where's ?
~ Champ'SoL Sports is seeking interns in Chicago, NYC & LA know of any candidates? Please send resumes to
baby YES I DO.
SO excited to announce will sponsor our New Years Eve race! Thankful for their support, can't wait for this event!!
we will stop prob around 6 or 7 for dinner time I assume
I wish "White privilege" would pay my bills...get my Momma out of the ghetto and pay for my daughters' college education...
Someone tweet me im bored D:
Once again of the proffesional Left misses the point. Its not 'dispicable' to use someones own words against them.
me too. Warped tour, mayhem fest, its gonna be fucking sick
Having a sudden, long-absent urge to blog. Wonder what that's about.
Just sat through "Arthur's Christmas" which I'd be unlikely to have seen were I not a parent of someone who is 9.
Thanks for the follow. Doing the same.
I got snacks and a feathered hat just for the occasion.
- Good luck w/ the Jr. Seau Memorial service tonite! Praying 4 U, Pastor Miles.
Has any1 evr tweeted about a bluetooth nike swoosh?
36 percent of all pizza orders want their pizza topping pepperoni!!
Cool Sneakers: Ch&#39;in | Style Shanghai
Funny how what makes great care pack would be an awful valentine gift MT : Campaign care pack:Chipotle card, running socks, coffee
Only 15 minutes until Wine Down....come enjoy a glass if you're staying with us...
Senior Day! The final collegiate round for , ,
buy him a shot
What's everyone up to?
u killed it in the chi gotta come back
Good question: RT : With "real time" apps like dealing w/presenting of self, should we help users tell white lies?
I'll send you a picture once I'm home!
Guy: Where is Courtroom 14-D? Me: On the 14th floor. Guy: Isn't this 14? Me: This is 4. [We get on up elevator...guy gets off...on 10]
How do you like the babes in my tweets?
but that's too long for a hashtag
RT : #flatirons technological revolution everywhere except in kids' schools
like the Palms example in the article? Or do you have something else in mind?
work went well :)
really wish didnt look so much like dan snyder
Time to hit Finley
having a great time at the concert!! Brava, Frank!!
#Jericho..still one of my favorite wrestlers after all these years.
Was Kei on frame or not? His balls don't seem to be getting in the net lately but I might be wrong - just my perception.
I'm from about an hour and a half south from there!
#WWE Is Teddy Long's Red Suite the same one Joe Pesci wore in My Cousin Vinny?
The beastie boys changed music. They did something with their gifts, and MCA was an awesome person. This is seriously a dark day.
I think I miss my ex
sure will!! I'm goin nuts! Its like crack!
You know we have the perfect valentines day gift in our webstore right? This year getting laid is only one tshirt away..
... you are female, and asian... #Golf seems like the natural progression - that and
A bit. But that little bit is progress.
sounds good. Sorry about your teeth! Can I bring you some matzoh ball soup?
Kentucky scared to come to Btown and lose again so the UK IU series is off.
Gotta love the waiting rooms in city hall
Sitting in MTA board room waiting to speak regarding the MTA's proposed plan to construct a paint/ body shop that will be toxic to our kids!
Listen now to to
Today is National Peace Officers Memorial Day. A time to honor fallen officers.
Though I am ok with google maps dragging, not sure if thats hypocritical!
some people may be used to your updates and then they notice lack there of. btw twitter is also social media
I want christmas to come :D
How is it already 3pm?! All these meetings, I tell ya...
I hope I'm not out of town for that
If you're not first, you're last.
I have messaged and was promised an email but haven't heard back :(
I love when you favor my tweets,
#RestinpeaceWhitneyHouston rest in peace, you will be missed
Cool. I'll add it to my list of beers to try.
coffee, voiceover, backup vocals, oh my!
You're stupid for knowing how much I've always liked you and you just letting me go like that.
We didn't need to tell you - SOLD OUT! tomorrow night's show w/ Starts 8pm if you got a tix!
Keep it up!
2pm tip on Sunday!
I was there. They ran his pockets and all bro. Lmao
MONSTER right?? You should become a Dodgers fan....
UNGH!! ": I'm sippin Easter pink"
Thank you! SXSW rocks!
nope, just playing with random shit in the dr's office. :)
Soon. They're headed to San Diego on a container ship right now.
sally "sassy bitch" draper what is happening
Noo! Don't jinx the Bulls! With all of our injuries on our teams, it has also been a tough year on Chicago sports fans!
Second night in a row cooking righteous jams on the grill.
Well I said to give you an A+! :)
So far, ProLogis employees have raised more than $8,000 for in support of Japan relief efforts.
killed it last on #XFactor. Can't wait till you perform next week
That feeling of waking up and realizing that you don't have to go in to work>>>>
I love it when an artist has multiple options and formats to purchase. Shows love for your fans. Thanks
liberal arts grad school finally pays off: one of my assignments this semester is to watch
I do
And here I am still three hours later...I'm going out.
Getting in tje groove!
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 17
Life equals change...what r u changing today?
auto posted
I've already had to go get my toe checked out twice & now they're gonna send me to a foot doctor. it's more serious than they thought :/
": Put it on me deep in the right direction" say no more
I've got my Heart on for on
Don't know why Gardy's getting so worked up over the fan interference call when the next hitter will probably hit it out anyway.
im So in love with your tweets
Lol we sent my homeboy to get this female number and this nigga come back with an email address ahaha
Why in the world does Dave Miller scream everytime he is on the air with --> TELL YOUR PRODUCER TO HAVE HIM STOP YELLING!!
Part 3 of "Famous Last Words" He Has His Mind on You! And Water Baptisms... Gonna be so good!
Texting someone while your half asleep then reading your text in the morning and realizing you made no sense.
Omg ! Woke up with my changer wraps around my neck !!!
defff show our team spirit even tho I've never even watched a goddamn hockey game in my life lol oh well
Being alone helps u really get to know ur true inner self..
Want a chance to win 2 VIP tickets to Euphoria Music Festival? Follow them Use #euphoria in a tweet. Winner announced 2day
i will but since i have a free min i wanna chat with my chicas <3 #givingback n ohh
Acting is behaving truthfully under imaginary circumstances. ~ Sanford Meisner
OMG. This weather is glorious!
Some things r best left unsaid cuz if u do ur ass gon get in trouble.. but u know me I
They fit in WE STAND OUT
Fusco: "social dangerousness" laws enforce the vulnerability of all Cubans, including artists
You're just a sad song, with nothing to say. About a life long, wait for a hospital stay.
One made my wifes back worse. Had to get epidurals for twenty years.
Was your capper telling you to bet on a dog in Ukraine Soccer today?I think not,winning starts soon in Soccer..
envy is a very bad word, but I'm envious of those who live across the ocean. I beg you NOT TO COME TO RUSSIA, WHETHER FOREVER OR NOT!
thank you :) I wouldn't have done it without you
main if ion get this bitch off my my mutha fuckin friends list
hàaaa county time
Got dang Nationals bullpen eff
baby I'm still awake o.o
True. But then again, I'm not the most confident person in the world and I feel like I'd ruin a friendship if I told him.
Lots of meetings today surrounding #fundraising. Want to help? Contact Rebecca at .
The first person who gets two cusotm jackets in pittsburgh from www.varsityjackets09.com gets 2 pirate tickets Box seats!
1 more hour till #TeenWolf should come watch it with me! (;
really looking forward to it!
"How can one who thinks of himself as a knowledgeable person ever be a true person of knowledge?" -Ml. Ashraf Ali Thanwi
Every time I hear "It's Derby weekend," I think how nice it is people are excited for before realizing, no, it's not that.
CD soon, I promise!!!! xoxo
Seriously, everything couldn't have gone more smoothly - sometimes it's okay to be happy and just BE HAPPY. A certain boy taught me that. ;)
omg so are you going to do keeks :D
Style never changes and where ever possible use sense memory.
Oh they want stdwo on vinyl! RT: better be selling some Vinyl's on the glamour kills tour.
well i wish i can find it
AI don't even play in tukey no more I dnt think. He vanished lol
Don't understand why people have kids and get married when they can't even support themselves.
I was just trying to see of you were like me
“: #ThatOnePersonWho thinks they know One Direction better than you and you're just like "bitch, do you know who I am?"”
no pressure we all in
o that the deffinition of me
The loaner car Lexus gave me makes me not want to go pick my car back up this afternoon ..they got me.
Hello. This is my 1st time in the forum. Glad to participate. -George, TSR writer
Ah! I'm so excited!
People watching in Vegas - like no other place
4.2 in East County? Totally didn't feel that one.
Why, thank you for the #FF mention. (:
hi hun! How r u?? Haven't caught up in while.. my phone was stolen, lost your number.
Maybe when I come of age for running I'll find you around and I'll throw you on the VP side of the ticket and we'll line it out!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! I will be filming my PSA downtown today.
Now that's funny!! RT "I understand has orchestrated a flash mob during the Colts' time allotment"
Everyone better get there now! RT : Ready.... Set..... All you can drink at birch! 330 birch st brea, ca. Hurry!
Kay my last tweet was kind of weird.
I want our relationship to be like Tom and Jerry. No matter how many times we fight, we won't be apart.
i had to toke lol couldn't sleep
doing ok. I'm upstairs working light duty. I have carpel tunnel and tendinitis in both hands.
We'll be RT'ing the fabulousness. Make sure to find us there!
Just watched last week's ep of #Whitney today!! Freaking hilarious! Best episode of the show ever! Could. Not. Stop. Laughing.
The satisfied, the happy, do not live; they fall asleep in habit, near neighbor to annihilation
Different strokes, to me it reads "it's ok to enforce boundaries re: demands on yr time"
we probably havee, we might have even walked right past each other lol
I am not as egalitarian as you are, but I am glad you tweeted as you did, because you are absolutely right about some bullying.
"Great to see my third #piano concerto inspiring future generations of composers!" -#Rachmaninoff if he were still alive on
Best way to start off the week is with amazing news! YES!
Amen! wheres Manning going Stink?
appreciate the support.
- actually, apple didn't know about it until after it was released...AT did it all on their own...
justin I am a big fan of you Please write me back
Age is just a number. It's totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine. Joan Collins
I'm such a jealous type, hate it.
all boils down to who wants it more?
Beauty is not a man in appearance, but in his actions.
i'm so complicated.
The Chrome browser has some good features, but downloading is not one of them. Chrome downloading FAIL > 50%.
I too am cheering for both SDSU and FLA.
Emoticons are for 14 year old girls bro RT : Lots of enraged Os fans today! Wasn't tryin to strike nerves..sorry people!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Im not sure I like your attitude Sincerely,all of Wisconsin
Special $99/Month SEO Services Promotions...Comment if you are interested!
One direction = the kind of song I want him to sing to me ;*
A shout out to all our fellow worship leaders as #cmsNY - stop by our booth and say "Hi!"
Hi "tweeps"! I'm Mr. Kuhlman, a 7th-grade reading and social studies teacher in the Chicago suburbs. How are you this morning?
mfs stressing me thee fuck out like I ain't already got the most problems in the world
I absolutely Love a guy named Jose!(:
I lovee you :*
ok I guess it's "Zou Bisou Bisou". (I took Spanish, not French) ;)
This will get you spooked - BOO - Have a great halloween weekend!! Hardly Working: Slasher
next step? a part time job to make sure I keep everything on track....lets not forget how much in love I am with you all
Scheduled to see you on Tuesday night! Woot! :)
no problem!
I save his life! That cat will love me and I will love it.
okay , I won't tell anymore "POOR PEOPLE" jokes xD but seriously, I live on #ramen! I love it !! ~~~~rich
<U+200E>~I'm pay it forward by starting a Diaper Bank in Central Ohio!~
I'm so sick and tired
"Not knowing remembering what Didion wore in the Haight is like not remembering what Ahab was trying to kill in Moby Dick."
Omg im scared
Today I loaned your book to a friend and another one downloaded it on her Kindle!
RT : Let your Swag talk for you.
I don't believe you
No grrrl. Barely any vision coverage.
Hot off the press!!! LIVE Magazine from Palm Springs did a feature story on Diversity Platinum Rewards Card!!! Either pick up your fresh...
Keep your man from cheating Good Head... Females watch porn. Pinky's head for dumb asses vol 1
Awesome! Yes, I'm a Florida girl born and raised. Where did you live in Florida?
Today's the first ! Congrats to Team False Start for the kickoff, So-Cal event.
RT there is a difference in life of a mutual exchange & that which is thievery... Twitter is of giving & receiving. Unite.
...without buying the newest program or following the most popular trend (Mark Dever, The Deliberate Church)
#WalkerFailure political appointees re-do math, "find" 50k new jobs for boss 3 weeks b/4 election. Why would we be suspicious?
going back the the final four matchup would anyone have thought Oden would backup hibbert?
I hate they way #YR ended I can't wait till tomorrow to see it
Will do, Samaroo. Here's lookin at you :)
I could listen to that cd as much as possible and to watch all of their tv apperances. After I watched all of them since it
AMAZING!!! Looks great guys!
that sounds like something I should be doing.
"Children are great imitators. So give them something great to imitate."
Ready for some FOOTBALL!!!!!
I should have been born black
Anybody here collecting something? Coins, stamps, vinyl toys... anything?! I'd love to talk you...
Lol I was so mad I wrote the wrong thing im still f'ing pissed though
Thanks to everyone who participated in Reader Appreciation Week! Stay tuned for Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday prize winners!
Based on work email just received I can now forget about ever sleeping again. #globalprojects and
. who gives a shit? what matters is that you can get care if you don't have a ton of cash and political connections
We're in beautiful Traverse City. Where are you?
Followed, thanks for following Litzy.
too much. Well not all but a lot of y'all.
March 31is the 25th anniversary of "Sign <U+262E> the Times".
(cc ) It was fantastic to meet you, Marshini!
That's three of life's human basics, then -- library, chocolate, music.
Stop bro # ur being a hater right now, ur such a @%$#!.
Anyone have any good recos for must have #iPad apps?
Of course, not forgetting Coptic Light! Damn good band.
I'm about 40min out. Is it that bad?
Today's the day. Bako, we're headed your way. You ready?
The Devil Wears Prada tonight at Bogart's. Only about 6 tickets left till SELL OUT!
TJ Ford from 65 feet for the tie. The Play of the Game?
Thanks man. The team's special. I hope they kick the Brewers' ass. They're big rivals so it'll be a contest!
bowl teams for the MWC?
Accidentally fell asleep on my iPhone and now I have a huge rectangular indent in my side.
[Update] Tied up on work project. Tweets to resume soon.
peaches and cream
Woohoo! RT : Do u know we r over 9,000 adoptions for the year?! Check out who went home this wknd on our recently adopted page.
Thanks for following! :)
": 6 months incarceration" correct! I think I rept'd 6 weeks.
do you take requests?! Superbass? Wild Ones?
TOMORROW IS FRIDAY.
Put that ish on
Ryder>Ziggler. Dude was a CHEER LEADER for christs sake!!!
Wonderful evening of worship at tonight! Much needed...
im interested!
Would you look at a fans picture and call her hot?
Never give up on your dream, because you never know what God can bless you with. Stay positive and keep moving!
Happy B-Day Baby Boy!
way of thinking.
Your voice is beautiful. I dream of the day I am as successful as you. Any advice?
Good singers always write down important information and then punch the paper. That's how you hit your notes.
and if anything bad happens then well ignore it lol
Look forward to reading it!
Where will you be on #MayDay?
I'm coming to steal your music today with ...and consume delicious coffee
Sweat it out
Keys for me are education @ my child's rights under #IDEA, #advocacy and I write a lot!
Reply me dm
I have just decided that I absolutely have to had an iPad. Which model should I get?
sit that wet pussy on my face
On Wisconsin!
getting lunch <3
Tardo Hammer just quoted the Munster's theme! Respect!
Hey Brant! Just checked out your music on Reverbnation. Keep up the great writing and playing.
why does this team seem to have such a hard time with Charlotte. This game should have been over b4 it started.
I can play that game better. For 4 days I didn't even look at him I can tell already tell he knows now that shit won't work
yes! Let me know!
They have assistant coaches already... Wang and Snow
You know it! RT : Who is still up watching the #Brewers!?
this isn't happening
u have to crawl before u can walk, walk before u can run...once we're on our feet, its track season in this bitch!
Yeah kid!
Prom is in 24 hours and 43 minutes
You are cruel, because you make millions of beautiful girls waiting for a your new wonderful songs! I hate u cody <3
So we can blame being a dickhead/asshole on us being men? RT ": I'm just a girl. I'm happy one second and I'm mad the next"
that is great!
SAY IT TO MY FACE! It's Alex Riley!!
yeah i hate deshun . . disowning you .
Doing work for the big #StuPidasso #animation rollout at the end of the month, get ready for it St Louis.
You can't cheat your way to a great workout. The sweat soaked T-shirt, or its absence, tells the tale.
Will you guys please sing happy birthday for me?? Please! I've been wanting to ask this all day!
And that's how you nail it. Smart analysis on new Kindle line from on DF is the best kind: human. And definitive.
Please thank the troops for their service!
as best as can be heard Rayman a star <U+2605>
Q says genetic discrimination not found in "large-scale empirical studies," only in case studies. i take issue with this: (cont...)
#FromThisDayForward I will do 100% of anything I do
:/ *sigh* I feel you. Breathe deeply.....I hope you get off the ground soon!
60% off at and a national commercial #callback?! Yep, successful day! :)
ya, I have to catch up now to you total tweet now...happy tweeting!
Hiring:Linux Kernel Developers with low power, code optimization, drivers, ARM JTAG, Android
Just posted newest set for my VIPS, thats over 330 photos and 5 sets in less than a month. I take care of my VIPS!! XOXO!!!
Erick, give me back my, Gloworm & Freinds, we discussed this in the settlement.
I see.. Yeah so ima go to sleep now. See us tmrw.. Bye.
At the dentist for braces.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
And no DIRKin' in this year's NBA Finals. Sigh.
Race course is open for practice with safety marshals present today until 7pm
My Friends Dog Is Throwing Up Blood :'( Im Prayingg For Her Dog To Get Better
should I do a cover of somebody that I used to know? hm
GM Ms Gemini!!!How is tha Weather in Bmore?
Joseph & Vanderpool launches new company website later today! Stay tuned in!
don't remind me! Legit so sad to leave <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Can't lie I took a little bit of beating today, but I give it right back twice as hard
Awesome! Next time you're in #Detroit let's grab lunch or dinner! (we're packing tonight for an early getaway tmrw morning)
mistle toe is absoloutely amazing. im so incredably pumped. justin you never fail to make me fall more and more inlove with you<U+2665>
I used to say that all the time.
also file under highly unlikely things: that Uma Thurman would want anything to do with marginally talented Brit director
"Blessing : Walking to church w the kidos! #blessed"
Roller derby night at 301 just seen 5 wheel chairs in a row lol
is announcing sales while their ships in foreign waters keep having issues. No thanks! #GETITTOGETHER PLEASE!
Bizzy day @ JEN & the Conf hasn't started yet. Saw Erskine & Mintzer, the Cali contingent. Bunches of others. Jam @ 11p. Yea!
When was Jonah Hill cast as Wolverine?!
New bassist Gabe Ramos confirmed! Jam today went amazing. Should be show ready soon!
RT I’m amazed how long I will watch a stupid infomercial, because I don’t feel like reaching for the remote.
Your welcome.
helping and witnessing someone reach a much needed catharsis is pretty rad.
Try a combo platter and make sure you try the Grouper-It's my favorite but I am kind of a grouper groupy. I'll post a photo for U
Only 42 days until National Signing Day. The JUCO signing period starts tomorrow!
Watching Drugs, Inc: Crack. These people are fucking disgusting
Follow follow he follows back follow he follows back promise!!!!!!! FOLLOW
Oh man, next time for sure. I'm going back some time soon, so will let you know. Would be great to meet up.
That commercial funny as hell
$SNPK what a recover...
Very cool idea! You should do #TheShawshankRedemption!
Man... God is good and I can't wait to hear what you all have learned while you are down there. I hate not being there.
be miss extra ordinary in an ordinary world!
Excited about upcoming
hahah and I love you too! I love my bracelet too <3
#Smackdown is on!
I'm clearly more knowledgable than u, let's take a survey of fans to see who actually thinks Gonzo's a potential top 10 WR
Water St trying to comp 3 days in a row. Rough manager meeting at the shore. Day off canceled for orientation and some cash handling
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old. ~ Mary Schmich
That is EXACTLY what I'm telling you.
Houston is beating Tennesee 7-0..should be a close game tonight. Tenn. needs to get their act together if they are going to do anything.
I'll agree on Rose being bigger & faster but AI had a better jumper and ROTF LMFAO at you cause you have no #2 & u know it
Out of curiosity, how many of you actually check your Myspace page and communicate with it on a daily basis?
Friday friday friday, a few more hours till the weekend!
I'm not sure why; that is weird!
oh pfft. we're going 5. and delpo's tossing his cookies. this is NOT boding well for the argies.
What do you think are some of the greatest obstacles of our generation? and what do you think can we do to make change
I think all #libraryschool students should shelve books. It's the only way to truly wrap your brain around call numbers.
Ganna go take a shower.
Tom, I would suggest emailing Stanton's Keyboard dept. and start a dialogue for the details of the
Instead of you itching, you get bitching; instead of you scratching, you get bashing; instead of irritation, you get frustration
Opposition testimony to SB 1530 (Padilla) included California Federation of Labor and CSEA, concerned about due process being compromised
you dont get the lingo.
someone should inquire about Bakari Copeland from Arabia Mountain
Thanks Meems! It was exciting from beginning to end! Glad I could be a part of it!
OMG!! that is hilarious. It is so just like that guy. bust a move...
Heard this morning that I did right by Klal Yisrael, which is all the praise I need for a day like today.
WOW! The 'after party' is amazing! A group of women that you have to connect with to take your business to the next level
This is for the Mahomies that love Austin for his personality,voice/music,and will ALWAYS support him no matter what<3
Dam my head start hurting
no doubt. loved that battle. you already sno what it is. peace homie
can you overdose on cough drops haha
of course! good luck with the competition!
beer is pretty much implied with any bonfire I think :)
you probably gon go to sleep soon as u get here anyway
awww virgin daiquiri...so cute
For those still at #toccon and want to chat with Michael Riordan, he is back in the ROC today, but follow us for OPL updates and DM's!
Remembers why I hate Friday class, everyone is still drunk from last night
Don't forget halloween night! I'm spinning out @ España(Hauseman rd off of I10) hope to see you out.
+1 RT : But in this case the owner sets the paper's opinion framework. Light was basing his Qs on owner's position. So what?
ask Larry B why he criticizes "sd interests" but applied 4 lincoln club mbrshp & gop endorsement
Thanks, Ryan!!
Ur all so very welcome! It's awesome to be able to show teens at my library how they can get involved & get published. Good luck!
Thanks for all the RTs.. Hope your day is fantastic
Dude. I'm not here to be your psychologist or to tell you what to do about your lawyer's advice.
This day just keeps getting better right?............
I still can't divulge all of it, but PTO, Friday, coffee, and network tv reruns ARE involved.
"What's baseball?" asks my 6-year-old son. Acorn just nanometers from the tree, huh.
what's at Walmart?
UGH! They would come the day I'm not here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Did you know that Becca from TDF worked on that film in makeup and hair?
Have #shortsale client w/ 2nd #mortgage from Chase, Chase has no record of note but won't release property 4 sale. What to do??
loving the new Norah Jones album with it's tunes of many shades of heartbreak. altho hard to imagine who would cheat on her.
Made some apple muffins :3
Really? What kind of agency did you choose?
Order your copy of The Teashop Girls online and choose pickup to have it waiting for you the day of the book signing, October 17th.
As of today, we're preping our new single release "Suffer-cate". Re-birthing has begun. Attempt to Fail freshness COMING JANUARY 2012 -David
Dang! She gets to take five friends with her, right?!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
I just got some of Yadier Molina's spit on me.
I will. Thank you!
": i always imagine what i would do if austin walked into the room right now." i do that in every single on of my classes:-)
Yeah man. Zuckerburg just rang the bell and everything. I'm gonna get some.
Text me so I can save your number! o.O
Tea masala, emergenC n Thera flu is my remedy
Besides DWill, and then talking centers, forget Dwight, #Mavs should make bold move and trade for DeMarcus Cousins. Thoughts?
R.I.P. MCA .... This one really got me
Pretty adventurous today - Indian food for lunch and fish for dinner
Filming today:)
you told me that lol
Where is it?
Would love to do an article feature with you guys - DM us if you are interested.
you are a friggin trader and can't even be compared to MJ , You need DW and CB to win a championship
Vee-oh-lee-ah
I don't have much to say or tweet about that is important
Are you into older women too? Because I am 2 years older than you. Think about it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>!
Great! I'll look forward to reading! :)
That was it?
Warren Eller, UNC Pembroke RT : Who is the presenter?
If you havent visited www.todaysfavoritetoys.com then your missing out on great savings on that gift for that special someone! Dont miss...
A habit they never grow out of!
The butterflies are avoiding my neighborhood. I can only guess why.
Let me guess....you're waiting for Kiss to get their props
Barack Obama was the first sitting senator to win election to the presidency since John Kennedy...
you in LA next week?
whoa! Well, that's there choice. I'm saving mine, thats for sure lol
Why doesn't DOS ever say EXCELLENT command or file name?
"Give a girl the right shoes and she can conquer the world" ~ Marilyn Monroe ;) x
haha i understand, just saying there's no chance
“: All the while tweeting and driving? Kids going for the car accident high score!”
Center Space Exhibition Proposals due FRIDAY!
It's way too early!!!
#RT if everything was phthalo blue, the world would be a better place.
Just saw a guy in sweats and glasses. Am I weird or is that not one of the sexiest features a man can have?
I absolutely don not miss you
RT Jon got a present from work. He is giving it to me. Take a guess as to what it is. White silver and black. Exercise tool.
This stupid library PlayAway of the Hunger Games doesn't work!
< Your shrimp catching techniques are phenomenal! I love ur blog!
learn how to tell a good story...not just the facts. Excited for you!
Could u get them to follow me and and
You guys are like a Christian version of Maroon 5! So Awesome ;-)
Stop Trying To Be A Wannabe And Be Yourself
What type of shit is this i can do without...
I'll have to ask her... I think we have a wedding to go to
smoking weed
“: My blood is boiling watching Depth Chart on ESPN. Like a Bull seeing red.” Tom, bulls are colorblind.
On Sports: Acquiring the Best Running Shoes for Women
Happy Birthday Jonathan Toews!
I can't to see you smash up some QB's
I. Hate. Allergies. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
I have my reasons. I know my target. contest are very one sided.
São Paulo não stop
It's amazing how the scent of a small dead skunk can impact such a large area. You can smell it for miles. It's just like a bad attitude.
I told my chick to hold on cuz it was going to be awhile
Staying in your pajamas the whole day because your not going out.
kerrington * my bad i forgot the n lol
I just get distracted... haha
Great!!! We will look forward to seeing you there! It will be fun and interesting!
Kiwi took out those lows with no problem.
Losing an hour of sleep. smh
cool, no prob
Just noticed there are 8760 hours in a year, give or take, which means if I live to 100, I only have 876k hours.
The world really is going to end.
Y when I see my crush pass by I freak out and not be myself?? Any advice??
School is a joke now lik im so done....im on summer break
Isn't he, though?
are you in NY by any chance? Getting together with Ben Monder tomorrow night: listening to music and drinking wine.
enjoy mammoth cave or whatever!
Happy Birthday love u so much
keep pushin pal, as best ya can..
I am sure it will soon be announced--sad news coming
Skateboarding hurts <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Thanks to for hosting a great event !
I have really small boobs. But they're funsized too ....like me :3
Children need love, especially when they do not deserve it.
it's the one thing i'm reliable for :)
I really liked that ending segment, especially Roode's promo.
yea I be wit ma grl all the time and she be letting me whip her shit
Twitter pussy is my FAV pussy! ;)
thanks Joshua!
Just got asked to "lunch" by one of these dudes. I'm here for work, back the fuck off!!
how do you verb a flickr?
Pretty cool idea: my daughter’s elementary school is collecting Halloween candy for soldiers overseas.
Have an idea for a cool story idea? Don't be shy! Email Sarah at SarahE [at] twentysomethingindy [dot] com.
I see the lights for the track...<3
Thank you!!
I just want Jace and Clary to get a happy ending already damn it.
Jury in #freeway shooting could hear from 40 or more witnesses in five week trial.
Looking for the #endsoftcorruption commission/association.
am glad you made it to the finale, you were and still are the strongest dancer of all time! Remember that!! :D<3
We can create a logo for your business that distinguishes your product or service and increases recognition and loyalty to your brand.
I don't regret my past, I just regret the time I've wasted with the wrong people..
Time to workout :/
where at fagg?
you're welcome.
thanks for having us last night!
The plus sign in a circle in the top left (next to the compose button)--in v.0.38.2 at least
one life to live...just sayin', "let's get it!"
I cried the whole movie :3
Wow! And ugh...I've already been told that I WILL be in attendance for the midnight showing of the last Twilight...
Tonight, George Benson live at Town Hall in NYC!
Watching ridiculousness & Justin bieber looks so cute laughing& also in his army pants
Austin's idol is Justin Bieber. He looks up to him. (: RT if you're a belieber too! <U+2665>
My pleasure, Greg!
yes! im so glad tomorrow is friday! how are things going for you in the #packaging world?
aha n oh what do you think would be good to get him cuz i'm trying to think of something different :S
dark knight rises haha
shoulda come back here :)
Century 21 China Real Estate Reports First Quarter 2012 Unaudited Financial ...
And even more thanks :)
haha We are still wondering why fax machines still exist.
Hurray! Looking forward to it! Ima dance in the rain for sure. <U+2614>
Scared to get wet!!
ah, I've heard of them. They're okay. I don't remember much about them.
I'm getting teary-eyed again just thinking of the history that was made today. Thank you President Obama. Thank you.
No! I'm pretty sure I could hear them crying when I packed them away into my dad's storage facility last month.
Was excited to try to find grandparents/dad in #1940Census w awesome phonebook tool ... but they didn't get a phone until 1950s.
Just enjoy the little things in life.
I thought #realestate was supposed to be fun - four meetings tonight after work. Talk about a crazy monday.
Just because she drinks doesn't mean she's trashy. Especially if she's Latina, tequila runs in our blood.
Thanks a lot from #Twins nation! Man UR easy to buy! :)
What advice do you have for my daughters who will go for the first time?
You take a co-op class then start applying for jobs! RT : Are there deadlines for the co-oping programs?
How could they? No CP3
Thanks for the #FF!! Have a great day!
Kwanzaa Celebration with West African Highlife Band in Concert | Cost: FREE Oakland City Center | 555 12th Street oakland ca Wed, Decemb...
Listening to Neil deGrasse Tyson makes me feel totally awed by the universe and completely disappointed by my biggest achievements. Thanks.
Not ready to be back in class. I don't even feel like I had a
5 pages down 5 to go
Thank you Senator for standing up for voting rights!
sweet baby jesus! (or as you say in spanish, jesus) is following me!!! wow!
which Campus you go to?
sitting in Gates indoctrination faculty meeting right now. This powerpoint is not very effective!
#NZWineDay is LIVE online! Tune in at facebook.com/kenmore
- that, like, ANYWHERE in L.A. It sparked my mother and I talking about how big of a toolbox the guy is. Bonding time!
Please send us your pictures!
Thanks to supporter Jared for donating $20 to us for water for this summer's clients!
“: Find something you love to do so much, you can’t wait for the sun to rise to do it all over again. #LifeLessons”
hi- pay when we pick up the kit? There was no place to pay, it just submitted. We want the Rocket car for Revel in Portland!
“: - pretty critical guy for being a proven loser..." McNabb is a joke the guy is just bitter
I Love Those #PassItOn Cemercials - " The Foundation For A Better Life " Theyy So Cutee (=
Couldn't get to #IMSB, but can you tell me does Google SearchWiki have any effect on the overall Google SERP algorithm?
Have a safe trip!
sure is.
Damn its 4:30 in the a . m.
Who killed all the Sudanese & the Rhwandans? I am not responsible for what someone with a similar skin color did 150 years ago.
When your poop is green, that means what again??? asking for a friend
As you bring your conscious awareness to your cells they pulse with new rhythm & new life force, almost like a new "heartbeat."
Also, the people who'll end up going to that are probably people who see each other all the time. Kinda defeats the purpose!
Arizona State University's Softball team would win the National Championship tonight if they beat Florida! GO LADY SUN DEVILS!!!
good morning! Happy you're here!
Thanks for the RT!
My heart goes out to all who have lost loved ones to Mass Effect 3.
Are you gunna ride that?! You better!! (:
Just listing a great new 4bd home for rent in Mill valley's Tam Valley at $7,500 per month: www.tamwoodsluxuryrental.com Check it out!
two papers down...two to go:/ poop!
Iran now claims that they are enriching Uranium. Gov. Perry fears that they will use said materials to fuel a new fleet of DeLoreans...
#ShutYourMouth! RT : I never thought I'd ever say this: The LA Clippers are starting a season ticket waiting list.
Incredibly bummed about losing for the season. Loved watching him so far, can't wait to see him back next season.
Savior the moments which build the memories
Thanks! Stay tuned for what's coming up next week :)
Oh, I don't know, how about both? :) Of course, you have a thesis to write and I have paper to get out if I want tenure…but hey
That was great! Thanks for sharing "Archy"!
The great LA job hunt has begun! Send me some positive energy folks!
end of the year brain drain. i'm forgetting everything.
Morning gym workout.
Really enjoying all these newly released bin Laden deep cuts, rarities and B-sides much more than his more known works
My neck hurts. I need a freakin massage.
There is no better feeling than helping someone else...
": If Someone really wants you in their LIFE they would put you in it. don't CHASE them REPLACE them."I bet u find better
"I want justice—oceans of it. I want fairness—rivers of it. That's what I want. That's all I want."
There are some really cool things brewing for us. Keep your fingers crossed. We love you guys.
Damn what a save by
Out Of School (: Yess ! It's Kinda Sad To Think I'm In The Only District That Had School Today <3 (:
there's a thousand you's, theres only one of me
RT : Topes fall 4-1 to OKC in a heart-breaker tonight. Good news is ABQ gets another shot at them tomorrow!
why thou.?
S/O to my newest follower :)
I keep taking my brothers clothes and he never realizes it until a week later
DON'T KNO WHERE THAT "V" CAME FROM....
LOVE U TO
So what though? At least everybody that saw you noticed that you were wearing new jeans :)
only if you aggressively grab my shoulder when you talk to me
B4 fans spoke up, Knicks vs Heat game looked more like a funeral than an NBA Playoff game. Now, they're ballin with "ganas" (desire)
4 Words : I Fucken' Miss You.
I'm good I've been busy myself lately
-- i am so jealous!! i think you need to have many happy dances!
Got my honeycrisps apples at pike place market. Only the best
I Wanna Wish Everybody A Happy Thanksgiving! SoundClick.com/ZoeOnTheBeat 3 New Beats Up!
Just woke up , hitting the gym in a little ..
Dammit !! Why are your songs so damn catchy?! Love it man!
Fuck the Rangers.
No kidding! Luckily I am still a Detroit Lions fan. I am still in awe of Peyton.
RT Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.
Spring football starts today. I'm in full bloom.
They went in every bag at our GNO event tonight. Glad to spread the word about Touch a Truck on November 12th!
I like the updated Google product interfaces we started seeing with Plus. Gmail has been updated yet again, though, and looks fantastic.
Apparently so, but it deals with a similar socio-political theme which is what I love about District 9.
Don't forget about Mom! Downtown Rochester & Sterling Heights open 'til 5pm
Every Jethro Tull album up to and including "A Passion Play" is worth your time. Really.
Great news. Wishing you the best as you continue your healing.
Good morning! I'm back from Cancun. It snowed this morning. What's up with that???
let's leave the house already shiiiiittttttt
I get to see today :)
the curtains in the car remark yesterday....OMG!LOL! Its the truth though. Can't wait 4 your return. Seems like a fun crew!
ahaha! Naahh:) Hehehe just got Dance! But I always have time for you guys! Aha:)
on way to # summit - a great partner of
OMG watching episode....cant wait for I LOVE YOU !!!
education is the truth about reality, it allows critical thinking, leading to reason and logic to facilitate a positive life for people
No way! You guys serve breakfast? What are the options?
not only are u the sexiest girl on twitter, u are the most BEAUTIFUL as well!!!
“ Bacon is bacon eggs are eggs.Dont let a guy get between ur legs.He says ur cute,he says your fine.Nine months later he says its not mine.”
Best friend decided to ditch me and go to bed. #whatnow?
Got myself a blender today and already made my first smoothie. It was delicious!!
What about adding a 7th? Connecting
It was so much fun! I really like that they show you exactly how to recreate a painting rather than just leave you on your own!
The return of 40 night this Saturday hosted by Dj's and special guest DocB $5 40's til 12am
misunderstandings are hard especially when its on the other end of the prob. just remember all the loving fans u have that care
yup! Go Bucky!
Justin is just simply amazing :)
Fuck my fat thighs omfg somebody use a spell on them
It’s finals week at and my alma mater good luck to all you hardworking students!
I'll keep that in mind ;)
glad you liked it
From everyone at Generations: Happy Good Friday!
why should i stay up to watch this? the went to sleep 90 minutes ago, i should go to bed too then. Good Night!
#mlanet12 Based on the email booth invites iPad seems to be the "it" prize this year for vendor booths.
Thanks Matt for the shout out. There's still a couple spots left in the data portrait. t.co/OFS3uwpG
Do you want me at your tailgate for the 11/19/2011 LSU at Ole Miss game - bid on my 2 hour tailgate appearance on Ebay - Item# 140612016290
Build-Your-Own &quot;Ultimate&quot; Adobe Photoshop CS6 PC
Sourcebooks has xtensive research methodology for testing covers, title. With agile publishing, they'll do more.
Articles and illustrations for the winter 2011 issue are DUE TODAY! What a wonderful way to celebrate the newly fallen snow dusting!
I am socially awkward. Especially around people. And Twitter.
Whys is nobody the 6th Beatle?
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & XES Play Albuquerque's Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music at Allbuquerque's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!
i just wanaa see you stripp
I keep seeing all the posts about #ShamrockShake I definitely need to try one this year.
Oh Yea! Dinner !
latko I did already and added you on facebook
Stuck in Traffic
hahaha amazing teamwork!
Thanks, , for co-hosting the webinar with us.
HEYY HOW ARE YOU AND THE PHONE WORKS BOTH WAYS LOL
Shouts out to :)
RT : is full of beautiful people...that can read....oh my lol
thanks for the follow! hope to see you in Orange County May 23!
I'll text you later
Not really wbu ?
“: Mr Zimmerman if you would have done as requested, Trayvon Martin would still be here.....to tell his side of this story”
Q:What is the difference between a wife and a girlfriend? A:About 45 pounds!!
One thing cool about the future is how people are now interested in their faces in arty ways. With online photo filters and junk.
I Need A Good Movie To Watch
facebook: the news feed is nice, but give me more w/ all the data you have about me, my friends, where we are, and our photos & interests
GOP's (relative) silence on Obama marriage position is almost as telling as Obama statement itself.
The most blissful thing about being veg is feeling good about what goes in my body. My love for the animals shows.
read BEFORE I GO TO SLEEP and loved it - almost as good as last years breakout thriller STILL MISSING
Never chase love, affection or attention, if it isn't given freely by another person, it aint worth having.
I almost grabbed a garter this week but I gave away the tank with a rat. Garters are free but they stink so I don't need one.
RT : Come on in and enjoy our delicious brunch, we'll be serving it until 2!
Sales Cycle, Supply Chain, & what I call Strategy/Growth Path are key to understanding corruption/bribery risk. Wal-Mart is a good example.
or at least at my school.
Makes sense in your line of work. Come in for a free consultation! We'll put the vertebrae back where it belongs.
The things i do for my friends.
There isn't a day that goes by where I don't think of you. You are special to me. In every way possible.
i haven't watched and football news since...you know. is Gronk gonna play sunday?
i will now.
Nothing can replace the love our family shows us...remember every hug.
Watching the Saints game with the hubby and eating delicious Pizza Hut pizza. Oh Pizza Hut, you'll always be my favorite pizza chain <3!
What up guys show some love ! And who want to say hi ?
So $12 for one of the wrestling?
#funkkateers follow new list
Happy AM! I'm heading to #Taos for #TANM conference & some river rafting - no tweeting on the river today :) Tweet y'all t'night.
Watching A Big Year. Can't believe people actually do this stuff. Wonder if Big Bird would count
you mean breadsticks cut into pieces? Grand idea
trollop? : Romney on Limbaugh's hateful attacks "It's not the language I would have used." (via )
do you miss Colorado?
White House Senior Advisor Valerie Jarrett gets social media: "We need to be tweetin' all over the place!" to get the President reelected.
that is freaking awesome. are you down to pay them a visit sometime next week?
my "guilty pleasure" would have to be 'Wild Wild West'.. o_o "jim west, desperado. Ruff ryders, no you don't want nada..." :X
Left school 1 period early because I had a sub with no work and a truancy officer stops us and says "I just don't want yous to cause tro ...
Agreed! I hope more schools open to tech. that can create learning opportunities and connections around the world!
Hey! I did a face plant in Mondays while playing darts with you and krab....can I herbal retweet! Ha
thanks for the RT - appreciate the help!
Jason hey buddy!! THX for sharing your story to help others and being a mentor to many for years! TOGETHER we are STRONG:)))
8 minute Abs is my new favorite app!
Thanks so much for the kind words, Tonio! I hope all is well.
RT Why am I already excited for next semester? Oh yeah I get all my exercise science classes!!!!
don't know if they ever fixed it, but Hampton originally used "towards" on my cover, and "toward" on the title page (1/2)
7% stamp duty, still 2.4 grand council tax on a 30m belgravia townhouse is a bargain compared to the 150k USD p.a for a 12m malibu beach pad
Good morning and happy Friday all!
Jus got home and i'm hungry, going straight to the cardboard
"If your a bird,im a bird"-Noah.
Twerking to the restroom.
Fuck the fussing & fighting & arguing to this and that and why you being mean to me Donald? I never texted back
Is there an estimated start time for the #Indians game?
concert drawing near.
So apparently we're in south riding.. Keh
Time May Take Us Apart but, I Will Still Love You,,, I Promise.<3
I think we've had more than enough snow here in Minnepolis. It can stop anytime as far as I'm concerned.
Of course!
Stan Hochman: Hand vows to create fitting Frazier tribute JOE HAND IS going to build a statue of Joe Frazier. No ifs, ands or buttresses
RT If you you havent notice is what cracks on FRIDAY NIGHTS!!!
::continues the beatings:: ;)
RT : Today I am itching to tase someone in the nuts Raylan Givens style.
For the love of god please let your wife do commentary every time!
omg im on tweet limit on fml
. Your ads on during this week financially supports his #hatespeech against #women &
shouts to !!! shes SUPER NICE! and shes awesome! + she follows back! :D
! You are lovely my friend! Thank you!:)
Please repeat what you called your thigh on WWHL wide shot...you pointed to the way your skin folded and called it.....?
What is the Dalai Lama going to do with the key to the city?
- STOP BEING SO GHETTO!! LMAO
Great!!! I go into the supermarket, come out and it's downpouring. I ran for it to my car and stepped in a huge puddle! Now stuck in car:-(
Like, you holding a a sign that says 'Love you Austin' and tweet it to me(:
I hate when adult women tell me I can always shorten my prom dress in the future and wear it again...
I love Sammy's!! They have the BEST flowers.
Niggaz wishing u well with saps n pounds n all/but in reality they plotting on ya downfall.
"Calm down world, I'm on my way." -Jesus
is projecting NYC food sales.
That was riveting by Aikman "worst game they played all season" no kidding ding dong.
So, they made a movie out of Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots? Complete with Eminem soundtrack?
Walked the dog-Check. Bought more mead making supplies-check. cleaned up the house-check. Work this eve... wish i didn't have to check it
FRIDAY, FRIDAY, GONNA GET KILLED ON FRIDAY.
he got off
I hate when people use fake pictures
not the only one... i need a vacash...
They make that sound as graceful as possible. -
Writing a speech for tomorrow, in pretty colored pens!(:
Be authentic and transparent in 2012. Even let your scars tell a story. Stop hiding them.
!!!!!! RT : niggas with no money telling other ppl to get they money up....
I love the buffalo chicken pizza! And the bartender made a great black and tan.
Interviewed 3 honors seniors so far .. all have reported high usage of Google Scholar to find resources.
I know she doesn't want to milk, but just bring it, and let her nurse for a little bit, then try to remove breast &sip milk
Good night!
Everyone wish a HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
Well just realized the only real reason i have a twitter is 2 c wat jb and lil twist r up 2
I NEED TO BE LOL
No sleep
Had good experience with customer service; quickly remedied a problem
same reason the cant fix the escalators or elevators, and why the drivers are always late.... THEY'RE ALL IDIOTS!!!!!!!!
C U SOON
I'll kill some lite! Always dark sometimes!
Shout out to Johnny Hustle funny ass white guy said he aint corporate hes culture u shud have seen him cheesing drinkin my 40 timeless, lmao
Hey Craig...Thanks for the call today! My email is . Looking forward to following your story. Congrats!
Bout to throw on the Tayshaun jersey.
#20thingsaboutme 2. I dont like it when people stop talking to me and dont tell me why. :(
Hanging with Arturo with ! Awesome
"Just follow the bud light truck!" #gooddirections from
where are you driving from?
Thousands without power in Okolona/Highview areas! This is KY House District 46 suburbs!
Your late start: Sleep in/Go to starbucks/Smoke/Eat. My Late Start: Wake up Early And Do the Same Old shit
He doesn't even have a cell phone!
tweets while she shaves her vagina
ops just saw your message! I know we forgot northern Ireland on some of our Dublin your Pleasure shirts, but we fixed most of them
Find the girl with the broken smile and ask her if she wants to stay awhile;+)
Feeling Inspired; Twitter, Facebook, Wordpress...I'm on a roll tonight!
I love when people I don't know say goodmorning to me =)
My favorite is all the pro-Amendment 1 folks saying "I didn't WANT to be a bigot, I'm just following orders here."
good idea! RT Right on for the Love with following the Kid Thanxxxx!
Thank you for your compliment...Affordable Catering this Holiday Season at www.PatricksCatering.com and www.SendaCake.com
Won my bracket.
I would if I could baby!! You make me extremely happy!
#RomneyYachtNames American Royalty
David Rifkind on urbanism and agriculture in Ethiopia during Italian settlement.
Hello Joe, Just a few minutes ago, you mentioned where tonight's Grimm episode was filmed. I missed it. Where was it filmed?
tara - are you an actress? I'm new to PDX, looking for some advice/direction.
Is 2:30 PM too early for a hot toddy?
My debt is fucking horrible
Nice to see getting some good press in Thanks everyone at Currency and of course,
Anyone have experience with a true gluten-free diet? I'm beginning today. Give me your thoughts, feedback.
"#hustle for your life"
lol just let me know and ill napalm a bitch xP its good and you?
I have an AP Stats test today -___-, then I'm officially done with high school .
Vt man celebrates a century with beer, belly dancing - WCAX
Tripled Aed for this semester despite my mind not being here at all.
New Moon by Stephenie Meyer: Girl Loses Vampire...<U+263B>
. A Prayer for Owen Meany is unparalleled. One of the few novels I've read twice, along with Gilead; Rabbit, Run + others.
Going Online Like When They Gone Make Dat Bentley Truck
Man...it's crazy how you actually feel something from good music. And I'm really loving the artists coming out of the #UK lately
#3WordsOfAdvice Guard Your Heart
you need an ikeep!!
Plan your night early. $2 half pound burgers starting at 5pm tonight.
I swear Wiz don't give a fuck who he's smoking in front of
caught up on my sleep now, how you feeling about working out tonight? Have fun at school today!
Lord grant me patience this weekend...AMEN! :-)
yea you right lol
the pyramids were built on top of the earth.. id say i topped that
The crows are tearing away at our loquats like they were the livers of early Christian martyrs. (too soon?)
Epic game of footy
Thanks Katie!
if you're all about the feeling your getting from your head to your legs, start heading home.
got a big meeting coming up! send me your good vibes. good career news is the best mother's day present ever!
good morning Alex!(: have an amazing day<3 you and should make 1 more video!!!
I know. I wanted to watch them al before the show finale. but oh well
Mom: "It's time to get NyQuill wasted."
Why not have students involved in the digital learning content creation
yes, I have been assured that they will be available on Monday.
Who's ready to hear who I'm opening for? :)
Ends will never meet while you're sitting on yours
<U+2665> Happy Bday ;)Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?&make her shut up , finally ? She can't stop talking bout ya ;D(8)
business was super great, work flow over now onto the weekend, what's ya night look like?
what if i started RTing a bunch of "Nemi" tweets
call me
Closing my dead-end job tonight, then the 3 day party begins ;)
ha lmfao that's a good 1 I might have to swagg that 1. Give sum bomb head to the pillow. Ima do that to in a min
It's kind of hard out here for a non-pimp.
Average age of a homeless person in Oklahoma: 9 years old. Encourage everyone to "Like" Positive Tomorrows!
All you industry peeps! Comp'd tables and bottles if your group qualifies! Sick party , don't miss out!
Tune in to 99.1 tonite the kid debut single "I Don't Wanna Dream"
What goes up must come down
someone's dopamine receptors could use a jumpstart from last weekend
After party.... Magnus so cool blanco
I think I think that too much haha
all yours, Mike. Will send originals to your Post account, if you like.
Been at work since 4 am. It is good to be back home! :)
“: Skinny=anorexic, thick=obese, virgin=too good, non-virgin=sIut, friendly=fake, quiet=rude. This is our society.” so true
ah!! Too late im in class noe ;p
today i will make pot pies
Please follow us for even more reasons to make Globalnet Telecom your first choice, when you next review your business telecoms!
Final exam in less than two hours. wish i had one more day to study.
Sorry, Perry and Huntsman need to go. Maybe n SC
yeah, that's a good one
i hate reading plus so much.
follow back ? :D
I cant handle this, tell me please (:
New day new homes on the market. Condo's from $ 30,000 with high rent potential ($ 900 pm)
Meeting up with to see $35 India tablet PC demo at World Bank, by CEO of DataWind
I can't wait to shoot our first music video tomorrow!
Smuggled in a crate of hockey sticks from Canada!
Paul, thank you for the very kind words. We're thrilled to have you on board and are here for you whenever you need us.
Congrats! I imagine that will be attending. :) I wish you much happiness!
Let's give it up for Rev. Al Sharpton!
Wondering when to have a meeting about the upcoming school auction... would next Thursday work? We need donations to start coming in soon!
I wrote a play for you & Sarina years ago for VAP. You were a red dress, she was a sweater. Let me know if you want it.
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron Boy Genius | Hookeryce075
Mcdonalds OR Burger King??? What about Jack in the Box??
jen!! ahh how's USF? and all your internships!? I have a new job! haha you probably knew this :D
As a dynamic, exciting Latin teacher, I take exception to your analogy.
AUDJPY will find resistance in 8470 area. Again, 8482 represents former major support/neckline, so if gets above, cld be off to races.
Do I ask you for an Oil Change?Or how I get my grass cut for free?Nope.I'm here for the same reason as you.To get drunk & forget about work.
Good call onthe Neko Case on Pandora tweet yesterday - I've been enjoying that very thing ever since.
Are there others?
Thanks, appreciate it. Keep up the good work and remember to keep your camera straight. No downhill/uphill photos.
We all Hunger for something.
Tebow will start a game this year
Lets go 2-0 tonight thunder
I'm tripping
. it's never to late to start acting. Take acting classes and figure out what kind of acting you want to get into.
my friend wants to go see you guys this summer! Go to the Orlando one!
Me too!!
funny kenny - Mia, be careful.. ha RT Vampires don't get grumpy they get hungry :P
Taylor Swift + Crack = Ke$ha
Thank you! RT : I like candidates who listen and don't give up. Good to see you,
is that the same thing as a rebuttal???
U wanna know what is not good or a hangover? Pep Bands
Only can make me this happy. Strolling the Brooklyn Flea w/ him holding 1 hand & my favorite coffee in the other.
#carmeggedon refugees our rooms are waiting!
good morning April have a good one
Falling for the wrong person, a person falling for you......
This is one of the most highly localized storms I've ever seen. Right now, front yard = almost no rain. Back yard = heavy rain!
yea i made it to the twitter wall yesterday ..woot woot :-) :-)
Rowing is a great, low-impact, cardio workout targeting quads, hamstrings, glutes, lats, core, shoulders, triceps, back, & biceps.
Saw How to Succeed today. You are ah ah ah...brilliant!
We should have a nainal holiday for the police who srve and those heroes who died in the line of duty. We will never forget you. NEVER!!
1 month ago was the last time I drank :P..... Tomorrows a month ;D
Over the river and through the woods to grandys for breakfast i go
Just got 1 of those emails that every artisan wants to receive! Sales are through the roof, scrambling to get millefiori to a store ASAP. :D
Congratulations! Was sharing a few resources to add to the session I was just in about networks @
What's Wrong...?
About to get off work, go to the gym and relax.... Oh, I need to wash clothes too
well thanks ! Where are both of you located? Hopefully cya soon
We at are actively involved in bettering the community we love!
has been raptured. Jesus looks and sounds like Amy Ray.
hey... thanks for following :D how's ur day going...
Chow yun fat boy slim
Cigar-chomping Bob Lutz should be sent to Japan, where recession is over, & some kids think big-ass cars are cool. About 6 kids. Maybe 7.
Got excited about the drinks reception invite...until I realized I'm on the wrong side of the Pond.
but tastes so good
also good doing chores . How's your weekend so far
I think my busy lifestyle (aka work) has finally caught up w/ me. I can't wait to sit down. Probably 10 tonight.
Having a big salad for dinner. Perfect on a warm day like this.
We love Hip Hop Yoga with Goldie at ! If you're in the Boston area, check it out!
I hadn't had a Suzie-Q in probably ten years before just now. Everyone follow that? ;)
That would be about what I deserve. ": what if fakestephy is mark driscoll or furtick"
I've been saying the same thing! Options, Apple, options!
theres a tear in our goldenwing!
would the guy do that to every UK apparel wearing customer. You would do the business a favor to tell them.
Mann...... the more I listen to beatbox the more I wish I could do it lol
Only 3 more Fridays until the April 16 tax deadline! We can make it! Hang in there tax pros and
Philly philly...now you look silly
Srsly great art by NEW Miguel Calderón at Rochester Art Center tonight. Seen "Royal Tennebaums"? You've seen his work.
Oh, I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
GOP: End CHIP enrollment bonus
I've HEARD OF Guster. I've never heard any of their music tho
Hi how are you !!! thank you for following me:)
Nissan renews TV racing series - Autonet.ca
where are you headed in said caddy?
I know im biased, but it was my 1st taste & #WOW RT has brunch?! This sounds like the perfect storm.
What, exactly, made 1970's TV directors think that computers in the future would have numerous, useless, flashing lights, and bleep a lot?
U didnt follow me there !!!!
Moms making fried chicken, potatoe salad, rice a roni, and salad .... I'm patiently waiting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
knowing you'll be on national tv, and still housing a coors light. NICE!
Listening to music by local independent artists this morning. Refreshing.
so glad to be graduating in the spring.
Have a wonderful weekend everyone!
hi;) follow me? Pls! I love u Aria! #weWantMandyBack! :D hey I too live in Tennessee!
Grinding takes Hard work so I have to work hard to show love to my hustle
Aw! That's so sweet! I couldn't live without your crazyass either! <3
Keeps the pencil. Doesn't apologize.
"I'm a madman with a box WITHOUT A BOX!"
Always double down!!! Black Larry Bird!!!
Grocery cashier wearing smiley face t-shirt - nothing odd there. Slogan under picture? "I hate you"
#TreasureTuesday this afternoon.. looking forward to hanging with our friends from Taft Elementary
You don't look like that at all. (hug) I'm sorry things are so bad :(
OMG I JUST HIT 1,000 FANS!! =) We're gonna hit 5,000 by 6 A.M. baybee
We are looking for BA's to promote outside of the USC game in LA Saturday! 10am-1pm, send info to ASAP!
This is crazy
Pizza Port rocks. My almost 2 year old boy eats as much as my 7 year old daughter. Prep for the future.
We probably wont be getting much work done.. oh wells
Wake me up inside, call my name and save me from the dark, save me from the nothing I've become!
Why thank you Johnny boy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT : its 61 a bit cloudy out there
Good crowd for Jay Ghartey at Joe's Pub w/
Happy wedding anniversary!
Our final School of Music audition day. Expecting 175 ppl. An exciting day for all!
it's the kind of day where i'm eating leftover stir-fry for breakfast at my desk at 9:00am
#still in bed
Right I think should shove her Emmy, Grammy, Oscar & Golden Globes straight up 's hubristic ass
I thought you didn't drink? That looks like a margarita in your new pic?
I'm so twelve second ago...
so pissed I didn't meet you guys in <U+6A2A><U+5E97><U+3002>can't wait for the film!
Congrats, Jon! You're going to be great!
exactly, I had that same thought about saving the path to it. I also want it to be completely passive.
You're welcome! Thank you for following me as well!
Thanks for covering our DAM API Release . We'll have plenty of exciting news this year, this is just the start!
Congratulations! Girl is packin ;-)
Happy Easter Everyone!
what's ur fav movie so far?
#WhatILove my precious kids.
I'm loving your tweets this morning! Wishing I were at my piano composing (and not in line at the airport)
#EarthDay poll: Does the price of gas and energy affect your consumption? Does it make you greener when energy is more expensive?
what you do is cool!
Drinkin' wine. Reminiscing. And peeing in lawns with my best friend. Best last days. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Thank god its friday, <3
I waited all My life for this so there's no way I'm giving up now
Still waiting real response on why my Clarkston neighborhood always loses power when no one else around here does. Pls fix!?
On my way to the recording studio.
Babies! I lahv babies!
America - Demand Paper ballots in your precinct NOW!
I am having a Bud Light Lime; spent most of the day doing homework. blahblahblah. Peace.
Birthday shoutout to my beautiful Ashley K!!! Partying it up at Chaucers....$2 you call its and some hoppin' music :D
Have you all listened to Broadway's new song yet? What do you all think? Personally, I love it - Kyle
Gonna be hard getting chants going at basketball being next to band and 4 rows back
So do I, but 'Cher Lloyd Will Rock NY' was trending and people were mad hating... Mainly females!
A lot of interest in charter schools at the St Louis student recruitment fair at 1600 N Jefferson. Come out from 10-2 today.
If only Austin was in NYC right now, because Justin is there. How cool would that be if they met? Omg. c:
“A facade of skyscrapers facing a lake and behind the facade, every type of dubiousness.” -E.M. Forster (on Chicago, of course)
parents are both awake and confirming 7 am church plans
When you're lost and you're tired,when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, cause I still turn to you
National Archives Canada Days 1 and 2 complete. Phew! Lotsa stuff to look through but it sure is interesting!
Unify replaces the content in your HTML and then saving the new page on your server. Let us know if you have any more ?s
Thank you for the follow!
Thank you!
You look sexy as hell in the Trailers for Battle Ship. You are 1 of only a few women on Earth who's ass I would eat out.
Couldn't leave second for fear of being doubled up.
We in the studio getting fucked up and making loads of noise!!! Party Love EP coming Soon!!
Thanx! I'm about half way through an entire Mixtape of Aaliyah remixes now. You & Tim wrote so many dope tracks.
is the coolest person ever.
How did I not know that the #Timbers' owner is the son of former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson? Jeez.
“: can't tonight, how about sometime tomorrow?” Anytime. I'll DM you my #
oh yeah ! , (: lol only one more year for moi , when i start my junior year
After 12 years with the US Postal Service, Anita Moore was hurt on the job and lost her health insurance.
local talent. LOVE IT.
Bobby Brown - Don't Be Cruel (Extended Version) (HQ): via
So excited, we are expecting puppies late november. Also our baby doll turs 6 months and will be shown
We have a group of real estate students in the #ICSC offices today to learn about
@ the White House now.
“: in honor of Ash Wednesday #lotionfree” SMH
Was this your first time?
Currently at Echoes & Reflections Educator Workshop at the Holocaust Center in Cincy. Lots to learn!
did someone say "hideous christmas sweater"?! RT I wanna find a hideous christmas sweater!!
The GradyLady has landed. I am one happy man.
Sounds like fun.
Call For Free Estimates!! (702) 582-9795 Licensed, Insured & Bonded Family Owned & Operated Company We Are Compliance With HAZARDOUS WASTE
On my way back to work
Are ALL guys the same ?????? Uggh
acoots98 and I'm already online haha
oh dudes im confused :s
Varmus: one way to promote OA is to change the way we evaluate scientific contribution so not based solely on 'top tier' journals.
Hopefully, I'll get to see you when I'm home the weekend after next!
Straight up watching Netflix in all my classes.
It's always good to connect with a fellow writer. I hope Friday is treating you well!
Looking for a limo on NYE? Call today 312-201-1055, we still have limousines available.
Dear lord, please let me have a good day at work.
i'm good hby?(:
You should say: Tengo que hablar español para tener mejores notas. We don't get good or bad marks for homework.
Kelly: Insightful reading of 'Real Simple' micro-chores as a means for upper-class female audience to keep hold over domesticity.
wow haven't heard from her in 14 yrs. One time where I think I didn't try hard enough to see what was there
Amazing customer service by Cate in floral Pittsford Plaza
#WeLoveLiamPayne His girlfriend is so lucky, if he's so caring to millions of fans he doesnt know, just imagine how he treats Danielle
RT : Milwaukee, what's your favorite place for #pizza? On a quest to find the best...
Romney apologizes for primary campaign: "I said some stupid things." But he refused to specify which ones he truly regrets.
Had great walk on the beach today. Just love that weather:-)
I like my Twitter life better than my real life because on here I get a lot more blowjobs & my credit is a helluva lot better.
"I believe this is the time now. If we don't do something now, we will settle for mediocrity. Our kids deserve better than that..."
I love doing plays set in the 1970s... I get to listen to the best music!
Thanks for coming! What did you think?
cough is already drying up! I might not ever go back!
#mobweek Carlito's Way LOVE IT.
Why am I up
Shattered my phone screen fuck me!
The last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitudes. --Victor Frankl
Care to partake in FOLLOWING ME PLLZZZ?!! <333 I LOVE YOU!
Get back to ya. Have to see what and when we'll be doing a custom order next.
Watching Luther (BBC) on Netflix. Idris Elba should be in more things.
hope you feel better!!:)
what's been up wit u...
ah same! Mines almost to my boobs soo, but I want it longer hahaha.
Create an ongoing dialogue. Pay attention to details- memorable to unforgettable
- Dont Worry . I Will Niggaa (; & I Got You Mf .
library/librarian is central to plot of snow crash.
There's nothing beTter than half price #martinis on
Patriots aren't used to smash mouth football. Keep on crying abt it.
Gonna be a fun week RT lol. Having little fun.
thanks! Remember watching him start in the east west shrine. Kid is lucky he's going to mccarthy
Royal Ivey is in a playoff game.
can't stop thinking about sushi today - I want to go back! haha so delish - thanks again :)
he nailed my balls and dashed my head!
out of the lab,Three Nice Tracks that I like,2 slow grooves same style diff. key..one up tempo,club bang'r,Hot,very unique!..right words.wow
enough to make a way for any single human being on earth to know the way of salvation through His Son, Jesus Christ the Lord.
Lip Gloss & Lollipops and bartenders in all black...what more could you want ladies?
Awesome :D thank you so much :) Happy International dance day
I do too :c ALOT.
As odd as this sounds I've heard he gave up drugs RT : Can't wait for Kid Cudi this Saturday. 4/21. Guess he was busy the day b4.
AGW is now the consensus view. Another "consensus" was that Iraq had stockpiles of WMD. Don't trust orthodoxies relentlessly pushed on you.
great! Send info to: :) TY!
Well played: RT : what girls basketball player wouldn't want to play in the backyard of the best NCAA D-I program in the state?
YAY!! Pregnant Pussy LIVE!!! Now who wouldn't wanna see THAT! Keep it up! S/O to The Man ET!
Cood stop doing stuff on twitter, n stop posting stuff so i wood stop getting notifications pls?
You stay classy Philadelphia! # bad look
I hear word of a International Cash Mob Day? Tell #lasvegas more!
Case manager for homeless mentally ill adults.
Don't drop your phone! If you're at the beach, the sand will stick to it like crazy.
Can't wait to be in Vegas tomorrow!!
I agree that the blocking of computers often goes overboard, but I think it's more often because they don't trust students.
Come by the Menil tonight, 7-9 pm, for a free public preview of the exhibition "Walter De Maria: Trilogies"
Getting all of the contest rules straightened out we have some awesome signed swag to give away! :)
no honestly its fine:)
animal lover too! computer high five!!! XD
..yeah, but what if tragedy struck, and they just needed a moment, you know..to liberate?
#SPEEDF1 Monaco 1996, Panis wins in a wild race in the rain
is looking for contract sales reps this week at #hdexposhow . Interested? Reply back!
Wah, I DONT want ANYONE to go home !
haha! Well, we all know if you were you'd kick butt ;) lol
I used to work at MMG...small world. :)
i remember nites i aint remember nites...damn.. dats just how i chose to role my dice..was on some ova shit a nigga had to pay da price..
Or if you forgot why you're running.
Listening to <3
What the heck is this political climate? It is very strange. Very low quality. Very high priced.
the door screams i hate you hate you hanging round my blue jeans
Smooch and hugs on a Friday. Hope all is well!
St. Mary's Center for Cancer offering discounted Mammograms
face tell the story on that injury...
not really im still bruised real bad but im glad i can still talk to u
I'm not sure. I have counseling.
Meanwhile, the #Marlins fall behind the Mets. What else is new
hey tweets, Back in effect.............. Christmas was great... anticipating New Years!!!
I really don't understand why you don't understand ive removed from my life so leave me alone already...
ALL CAPS MINUS VOWELS MEANS COOLER BNDNM
my teeth are so sore ah D; stupid dentist
I've replied to your reply too...
Going in the shower, getting ready for work. Whos coming with?? oh yea
#Rainmaker will help you refresh that AOL list. I see you are from Long Island, I'm org from Dix Hills. Enjoy the Service.
Friday, Friday, Friday my favorite day of the week! Time to get your Stinky On everyone!!!!! Regular or Strawberry???
With tongue in cheek, at user-defined registries Tagalus and HashDictionary
#sdcc ers, what's the coolest thing you've seen today???
Just met maybe one of the nicest guys ever Thanks again for taking the photo with my little girl. It was greatly appreciated
please just follow me back please:( and i cant wait 2 hear ur new album! i bet its gon be dope!!!
Learning a new engine brings waves of nostalgia for my Quake/Quake 2 modding days.
will be on Geico Sportsnite at 10:30PM again tonight...also looking forward 2 your new FM radio show tomorrow on 98.7
It is a great show
I miss our talks :(
He might get knocked out next round RT : Mosley about to lose!
"(Snowflakes) are precise atomic recordings of their lifetimes. Each is the story of its fall." -- Shawn Brixey ('85 sculpture)
I love money nt pussy
plane is boarding, signing off the interwebz. thanks all for msgs of love & support - they work :-)
RT A 5 mile run this morning. Cross Training for the Bell Atlantic 50 floor Tower Climb on March 24, 2012.
That's a definite possibility. I get on a plane at like 6 that morning, so if I'm not TOO tired...
this quote made my day. Or my career.
A brand new day, another day to make an impact in the world!
First Follower Woo!
training for a job thingy
I know I will be in attendance
Jeremy thx for RT. BTW: Just bought Ipad; ?your advice on what apps to purchase for Asperger's/ HFA?
Going shopping ! :)
I wanna go home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
HAHAHA double team
can you send me an email with dates/times you are available?
Master storyteller alert! #damejudidench on !
Surely. I'm in Fiesole. I'll be sure to at least get some gelato and pass along your warm greetings.:)
Watching while he listens to One Direction, this is a good time. , I love you.
he's awesome though
thank you so much! it means a lot ... I've loved Madison ... I'll visit a lot
why our pic so tiny
Saw some amazing rock bands at the Key Club this afternoon! Did I mention, all the musicians were 10 and under!
I am, thank you! Any bacon related toe injuries have been put off for another day. :)
who's down for an impromptu 420 day party?
HAHAHAHA you're a brat ;)
good morning then lol can u dm or text me?
who will you vote for in the Election? Will you get your Green Tea Party on the ballot?
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood.
Drunk golf = Sunday funday!!!!!
Shaqauria said she wanna be buried naked O.o
I'm happy to hear other guys are as pro-condom as I am.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
:o That's so stupid, u're not old.
will do!! Thnx!
In a mtg - someone just used the phrase "elders of our tribe"
decisions decisions.. What to do... Hm.. Lord give me clarity <3
Thinking about Dept.ChargeBack to help track/contain/reduce printing costs for your organization-Its easy w/PharosUniprint Call 800-583-TRAC
#Realism is having the balls to document a pervasive truth without social consensus!
I just want one more championship
Where in Boca???? I'm in Ft. Lauderdale. Would love to see you.
Bout time ugly man.
Thanks for the
Are you fluent in English ?
Nap-time w/ my Suga foot! Trying to wake up but we are both struggling.
Finally get to hang with the Christian's again!
oh c'mon, I'm stronger than you. Do I need to bring up the cat fights?
ahh thank you!! ((: always nice to know when people are reading! Love you more! (:
A million things stand in the way of me and 7:30
Lmao aw shit. By who??? RT : Indirectly just got ask to do a threesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
“Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.” ~ Mother Teresa
Rt if you'd help me tomorrow to convince my mom to get tickets for 's concert in NYC by tweeting #MomLetEmilyGoSeeAustin?!(:
Hey guys, we are looking into the show here in Pittsburgh, get to you soon
good man! It's the best sport
THANKS for following! Great to connect with you!
I really hope I never have to go back to school!!!!! I am going to make it big without that!!!!!
A little girl died yesterday evening in a retention pond....she accepted a dare from her #friends? Not sure I would call them friends!
I hate the idea of surgery..
Tired of this!!!, Im ready to move on from silly games.
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether and they are to cute!
Only 34 days until I see and <3 #excited!!!!
I am, however, willing to be convinced otherwise.
How one armed was he? Tell me when to stop.
lmao I know what your watching
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 10
You've got this Colin... If not I'd like a shot at your job
not life...people
you right cous, how u been?
Berly Leaving LA.. I'll be home again soon someday.
I cannot believe I forgot how to spell "Trempealeau".
We are one day away from the First ever Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week, what kickoff event are you looking forward to tomorrow?
Joop smells gorgeous I don't care what you think xD
have u created a new game to fleece me with yet?
How does a 3.5 hour drive to Minneapolis turn into 4.5 hours....have a WI trooper pull onto I94 during mi 4 and stay behind you for 165 mi.
“: #BestFriendBucketList go on a road trip with no destination. #BestFriendProbz” (:
People are always judging each other and, the truth is, they're not very good at it.
RT : If you're going to succeed you must be willing to hear a little criticism along the way. via
#WeWereCoolUntil U Said That The Thunder And The Heats Weren't Going 2 Meet In The Finals
Great question! Since Minelab does not sell directly, your dealer would be the person to ask - do you need any help finding one?
Did Legume move? Into Oakland? Out of Oakland? Where was it before?
Concur! RT : #BootCamp6 protip: Get the email. Get the email. Get. The. Email. cc
As soon as my hair is dry I'm going to bed. I need to get over this sinus infection before tomorrow.
From The Steps of the Avon Theater, To The Stage of Madison Square Garden.
i love austin but all he tweets about is his concerts and when he says he loves us its when hes sold out something..
IAM WORKING IN THE STUDIO
right?! have you listened to their first album?
Damn just saw an old man rockin a walking stick with a water bottle holder attached to it.. Pretty genius
f'ing adorable...that is all
I am one of your biggest fans, I've loved you since I was 8! Can I get an RT??
Why is Top Spin 4 such a good game? haha
Awesome, I was there today!! I'm hoping someone snaps a picture of me on the big LED screen out on the raceway!
Teachers contract gets second chance - Concord Monitor
New Orleans > OKC
Massive shout-out to DK's own Walter Pendleton for gettin it on #DKAllday Go
i think you need to visit new mexico, geography not culinary skill may be the problem
Whitney Houston just passed....
Tebow is a Jet! My other favorite team yes!!
go ahead party this weekend girl with your gfs, your ganna get fucked or just drunk and the cycle will continue
glad I still don't have cable and didn't have to see it at all...
Have you tried it? Pretty good.
Who plays bass on "I'm Every Woman"? That's a bad cat.
I wonder what happened the late few monts with my life
If you could be anywhere else in the world right now where would you be? For my money, WDW in FLA with my wife and kids.
Did you think about simply cooking the bacon in the oven and brushing on a maple syrup/bourbon glaze to slowly candy them?
Make sure your efforts are aligned with your vision ~Daymond John.
Craving Ray's breakfast in Santa Monica this morning
We will be the premier Lawyer Marketing Firm in USA Im thinking -36 months
Might go to this bonfire tonight..
Not sure when the madness of march officially starts - but probably soon! Get pumped!
ott gets them out in order in the bot 11.. tigers win tigers win!! geaux tigers. #longhorns =
RT Good News, my foot has healed and I can jog again. Bad News is my foot has healed and I can jog again. <<<Love the logic, lol
Im gonna cut out all the negativity in my life and be one super happy bitch (:
Sitting here at the Indy wedding ideas luncheon with , , and at the beautiful ! :)
A court sentenced Michoel Streicher, "The Michael Jackson of Jewish music," to 1 year in prison after stealing $36,000 from an NYC woman.
Great morning. Great day to get better isn't it?
That trip sounds like fun!
not even :/ lol
I'm not really myself lately. I have no focus and it's starting to affect my confidence.
yea.:/ kinda<\3
This is why Josh Smith don't need to shoot jumpers
Im looking at sweet 16 an that bitch spoiled as fuck..
“: a beer for chocoholics...Atwater's Decadent Dark Chocolate Ale. A refreshing beer that finishes with a nice chocolate kiss.”
Do you hear what I hear?
That was your birthday. Only, this was after the sandwich fell off of your face.
Supper: Olives, cheese (of a French nature), crackers, Bud Light.
Well I'm still in the wagon at 6 am, and I don't have a clue where I am...
I have phaith for something
I was so pleasantly surprised.
With that said, it's hard to complain with a 10-8 start and the 3rd best run differential in the American League.
im back
if it was wrong, I wouldn't want to be right
Did you know...In ancient Egypt, priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies, including their eyebrows and eyelashes! Ouch.
You are God and we were made for you and only you! I love you Jesus!<3
How often and where do you play at? RT: Just finished some rigorous #racquetball! See what I did there? alliteration :)
this has got to be interesting......
Follow for all of the things I can't say on this account
i still have no idea what i'm doing. And no one tell my Dad his school could be in trouble, he's still on 'Pokes happycloud.
Ah. I was getting worried there for a min...
#IReallyWant to go to the power house concert & the #BELIEVE concert & the rock the bells. :(
yaay finally !!! :)) Me & Danny were talking about it the other day remember? w/ you! And your gonna watch it now finally (:
Drinking Dogfish Head 90 Minute and starting my second game in Skyrim. No sleep 'til Brooklyn.
Get rich or die trying
no. you're on vacation! lol... just asked cus this KDM/genesis site would all pick up and go to korea and just stop business.
Meditation is more than, "Touching the stillness." Consider this: embracing the ALL that awaits in/with Love.
GOOD LUCK ASIA. YOU GOT THIS.
Senator John Kerry is pressing the case for the U.S. as he meets with Pakistani http:\\tncnews.com
Keep coughing those up Chris Paul. Atta boy.
Under four tv timeout, Green Bay Phoenix leading 21-13.
Credit cards: The only time a woman is satisfied with 3.5 inches.
Okay finally you are caught up to speed. ;)
Currently accepting applications for muses. Let me know in 140 characters or less how you think you can inspire me.
COFFEE=MY CRACK!!!
Amen! :) RT : Cut the talk. Announce.
good night. Z
No interest, 4G your own butt buddy! :>)
The Self is the Consciousness which illumines life's experiences. It is pure Knowledge. Hence considered clear, bright, resplendent.
making comics using the 3DS AR cards and camera w/ Miis...
Finally lunch time
xoxo but I want to do what you do love!
Happy Birthday to Whitney Houston....The Voice...thank u.for ur artistry and REALNESS..
y u got porn hub as ur web address bro that too funny.
there are only rainbows after rain, and the sun will always shine again...gotta keep your head up!
Hope youre still listenin to ! Some talented ladies in here. RT we r in studio & on in 5 mins!
Good morning tweeter
UPitt Med School's Annual Follies here tonight and Sunday- "Cialis's Wonderglands" - 7pm tonight and 2pm on Sunday!!!
honors the victims of Sept. 11, 2001, and those that rose in service that day. We will always remember.
Oh my :'( you're the robin to my bat man how are we supposed to rule the world now?
oh my gosh that movie is AMAZING
Brunch, 30ft blow up gorilla, Janet Jackson.
I don't doubt it. Newfoundlanders are nearly half Irish --- there's something to it, as a people and a culture.
Hey why are your boobs crooked??
Omfg! That's Freaking Amazing!(:
Thanks for the new follows! Happy #WW!
Man. When I get home, I'm making some Scrambled eggs, grits, sausages and some waffles. I'm Hella hungry
Get your free teams in for tomorrow's games. You could win 2 tickets to the Super Bowl. www.playffnow.com
pick a Paddy's day and stick with it. Ha!
“: I can't Tweet this enough: I love Maggie Smith. #DowntonPBS” The next year will feel so empty without all her icy one-liners
thank you! I'm excited to figure out my training plan!
but I made the mistake of mentioning this online, and my women social-media friends NEVER let me live it down. #woodenboxes 2/2
Did you know now makes their milkshakes with ice cream?
If a Fat Mofo Ask Me Out. Imma Say Yeah To Let Them Take Me Out To Get The Food. Then if They Ask Me Questions. Imma Go To Bathroom& Runaway
Hm, I've never heard of a beet burger. I'll have to look into that.
you know it!
ringringgg Hi Anabel! thanks for the follow!!! Talk soon!! xxxoo
The best thing I can do is take 6 months off and cruise the world. I'll settle for going barefoot while I work ;)
got to low "old school lunch hour" listening to Push It by Salt and pepper Bad thing is you start wanting to do the dance lol
I got a fuckin bruise on my ass dude wtf
Web Design San Antonio offers SEO, Flash Design, Graphics Design, and Web Development for affordable price www.webdesignsanantonio.us
NYTimes criticizes Ill Holocaust Museum's attempt to find lessons from history. Should museums seek to be relevant?
Tebow is going to force Mark Sanchez to be on suicide watch lol
You and Jenny? That's GOTTA be good! :)
#nowplaying the gorillas-plastic beach
Hey party people, we've got few irons in the fire! Stay tuned!
“: you look very cute in your 50s swimsuit today!! :)”hey Ali where are you????
White House says job rate is good cause more people r looking for jobs. More news like that & everyone @ the White House will be out jobs..
Trapstarz, Inc. a #DBoy company. Helping #Kingpins since 1992. Dont get caught with that #DirtyMoney its not worth it, when u dont have to!
Reading the footnotes in undergraduate honors theses at 10:30pm, after commenting on a panel this morning.
please follow us -amanda
Easter cards in the mail may arrive with Christmas and Valentine's day cards
i wrote my nhs speech. it sucks balls. let's see if i grow the balls to actually say it. :(
Who doesnt remember singer Well sources tell us he will be performing at the 2012
twisted my ankle in my sleep. how the piss?
glad you like our infographic Kristi!
All good. I'll be down here next week for a wedding at the Windsong. Follow me and I'll DM you.
If Syracuse is Superman then Rick Pitino and Louisville are Kryptonite.
What's yer last meal? If you're standing at the White Castle kiosk, there's no eulogy that will overcome that ignominious end.
When do you close?
RT Check out #ALLIN To End Homelessness on the American University Quad from 12-4 to learn how you can help end homelessness!
I like that song MC Hammer.
I really would like him 2 win another Wimbledon...but my heart of hearts want him 2 win 1 more RGarros Title.
#3WordsOfAdvice READ A BOOK!
We got bitches in the back and they throw their hands up!
I hope everyone downloads #FullyintheTux when it drops! It represents all regions...
Q10. Fad you wish would return
found out that i am a beast at ultimate frisbee today.
Sounds like the are going to check out tonight with and others RT if your going.
Haven't really looked at Twitter in forever. Tumblr where it's at now. People on twitter used to be cool...
Is it odd I'm baby sitting on a school night? I think so... Why are da RENTZ and friends out at MIM on a Wednesday?!?
Yuh only live once that's the motto YOLO
Can't wait to work with for #BGC10 I KNOW THE WORLDS GONNA LOVE THIS BAD GIRL*
A few weeks ago we hosted a group from Haiti interested in social entrepreneurship. Now we might have a new mango supplier!
that's the game!!! Not gonna lie that was a tough game for me, raised a packer, but lived in az 4 19 years, cards are
Inhumanly psyched for Madonna, MIA and Nicki Minaj! Don't let me down!
We're getting ready to announce the final band lineup!! Hold your britches!
#Why doesn't #Dracula have any #friends? BECAUSE HE'S A PAIN IN THE NECK! ;)
Alot of people are getting Mahone Madness(:
That and STRESS. lol
Wow someone has the name "Harry St. Louis"
RT : Stop saying you aren't "allowed" do to something. You're not 6. Make it happen.
Join us with our interactive live show. Hop in the chat room and talk to us while we cover NTDR's first match tonight @ 7pm Central...
well you know it'll happen within the next few months!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0092>
LET FREEDOM RING!
Sometimes I feel like we set ourselves up for failure.
Off to bed... Waking up early for breakfast and workout! :) Goodnight!
If you have a roof, go up there and lay out! It's #gorgeous out!
Havin a connection with a Girl can sometimes be confusing, but the main thing is to not over think it... it is what it is
papaya always worked for me as a natural remedy for allergies. a papaya smoothie, papaya pills or just the fruit.
I am getting cable tomorrow. See you never.
REM probably wasn't on LSD when they did their music video for "Stand" but they sure as hell drank a lot of caffeine. Also, probs LSD.
1967 - Vodka becomes the #1 selling white spirit in US. 1976 - Vodka becomes #1 spirit in US
President #Obama: 'I think same-sex couples should be able to get married' - Monumental day in American history
thx for the mention!
Guess i was wanting 1 4 myself RT : Minus the sandwich ==> Ham Sandwich RT : Guess what I'm eating
It's A Perfect Day on the East Coast!
:/ where do you live?
Just got home from some boardgames with coworkers. Now I am wrapped in sweats watching some movies and missing
What's happening?
iTunes is the slowest and most unreliable program I've ever purposefully or accidentally installed on my PC.
haing a crazy conversation with haha miss this punk!! >.<
#maestrosays Why don't you make like a tree... and shut the fuck up.
SayBayBee loves the Cafe Booster Seat. It's made in the USA, soft to the touch, latex free, and fits into any chair.
COME ON! World champions deserve better
$19.00 off Full Highlights with Melody today only!!! Happy April 19th!
coming to Norman Music Festival this weekend? I'll be helping to manage the Blackwatch stage. come say hello.
#ItsAmazingHow I love you so much, when you're so far away.
I have never witnessed anyone walk into an airport bar and own it like this gentleman just did. Maybe it was his Fedora, suspenders, accent.
I love it when old people drive fast.
congrats on another successful conference & thank you for the great hospitality
People already Walking with 12 packs in their hands. This is my kind of town :)
I would rather judge a man by the questions he asks, than by his answers... -Voltaire
I love when the sunshine pours into my room c:
Board meeting followed by a retirement party...today should be "fun"
Do what you can and pay Patrick back, Patrick is an archetype. Programmer from PGE, he too is an archetype, he strangled himself in a
Hey friend!
#awesome I have nothing to do-_-
I will NOT dye my hair Rihanna red -_-
and all that ;-)
heyy c: thanks for following! your music is amazing, if you havent already, be sure to checkout too!
If you're hungry you should come over. I've Been cooking since 7 am. A bunch if random "good eats"!
i have 52 followers on instagram! <U+E40B> check my last tweet if yuhh wanna follow me.!<U+E405>
Happy Birthday Relapse :D 3 Years <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Editing article on #teendatingviolence found great website www.jenniferann.org #Awareness and
thanks for the RT.
Yes! RT VIDEO: Colbert's Super PAC urges Iowa straw-pollers to vote for write-in candidate "Rick Parry" trib.it/qxzUXf
Pancakes covered in Nutella.
I love doing that! It's a very pretty shade of pink too. Pinterest seems to be a great tool for marketing.
If you know you're HOT enter THE EROTIC CHALLENGE 50k and a modeling contract at .com
Sorry, Kelly Gallagher has a book about sustained silent reading that's helpful.
Visit the #Xerox Social Media Cafe hall 8b @ #drupa & pick up a FREE pedometer - The secret phrase is "My Feet hurt!"
the $29 million TIF includes the Michigan Road area that was started by the county. Add them all up =
I feel like I've invested so much time in this game that I can't quit it now.
4199751893 call me.
I have no energy today!
. Thank you SO much! You have started my weekend in a wonderful way!
RT : Enjoying the journey!
He can fuck you good, but I can fuck you betta. ;*
Idk why they took all the smart ones -_-
OST is looking for 2 Technical Recruiters and 1 Sourcing Specialist for their Philadelphia office. Spread the word!
What is you favorite #twitter #list?
The science of Lebron says he can jam at 54 mph and he is 4 inches different than DaVinchi's Vitruvian man. Ha.
MT : Even Walker's cooked-up jobs numbers show WI job growth down once Act 10 & Walker budget became law
Omg can someone get dis half naked man off my tl! #unfollow *throws up n mouth*
Thanks Jamila! Long time no hear UK stranger!
Sending love!
Fuckkkkkk what happened to my black beanie I need a new one and I can't wear my w$gt$ one :(
Could I ever be as high as ?
There's a reason why he's a 4x Underground Champion. And Colt will find out why when they lock up on next week's show.
u have something in mind?
Yeah you are, and it's called "The Pacific"
I think the Winner of this goes to the superbowl
At the flower hill fun fair, I remember starting this school 11 years ago
Just got home for the day :))) bouta take a bath and do my hair in a great mood..
I need new texting buddies. Mfs text slow as hell....
looking forward to it! We're in the process of creating a Hotel Metro Green Team of Volunteers!
Mixtape droppin The first day of summer y'all...get ready
You can't master your future if you're still a slave to your past.
IF IT WASNT FOR THE GAYS, I WOULD NOT BE THE SAME PERSON THAT I AM TODAY.
I'll put that on my birthday wish list. I think I've had that before.
“: thank god lmao cause you know how venice guys look -.- UGLY lol” they don't look ugly, they're ugly lmao
The illuminatti made me do it
Hey IUPUI #SAPB Members, we're meeting at 6pm in UC 2137 tonight! Don't forget! :-)
So I asked the guy: "why are you so fly?" And he said: "funky cold madena"
Help! Identifying and fostering rigorous curriculum or CPS facilitated AP: Program, not a course? Can't decide!
Wisconsin Restaurant Expo with ! #foodie #free samples
I like this, its true! We can learn A LOT from one another!! --- Ask questions to learn - that's twitter. (via )
You're very welcome! Glad to be there
Cannot sleep. I gotta get off of twitter
There is a moth next to me..and im pretending it's not there so I dont crash...
Omowali Isidore now offers students Spanish and French Tutoring Services in Portsmouth,Chesapeake,Virginia Beach and Norfolk Virgina areas
Tiger Woods and the top Americans are coming to town. The Chevron World Challenge Begins tomorrow!
Aw come on, I'm lurking here.
solidarity forever!
hi niall ?? how are you ?? notice me really i love you !!2
Studio tonight.......mixtape almost done......what's goin on today?
yes! I can't pronounce it either way.
I think you are an inspiration to young girls these days. I wish I could play tennis against you! :) but im not very good!
Snuggled up watchin a movie with Nathan and Ashley... cus I don't have any homework to be doing or anything
do you have stock in this place?? hope you are in their loyalty program......:)
& beautiful icon photo
Nothing thrills me more than a call sheet with my name on it.
But the part where we talked about Kubrick was pretty nice, huh? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
RT : so much fun! great work & super artists! wish there would have been a talk.
This lil girl is too funny.
At #ebww listening to Kyran Pittman. People with #shortattentionspans often wind up in the wrong meeting room :-)
Lincoln did win the audience's vote at our Symposium last year. We'll see what happens today. Jackson was nominated earlier.
Now I'm playing Lil B "Ima Eat Her Ass" smh
I thought you would get a kick out of that. Thanks for the bday wishes!
Let’s close the discussion with some quick advice for one another. What’s the best sales coaching tip you’ve received?
Report: Josh Smith Sprained His Left Knee
Being the only girl in my form not to get make up wiped.
Clickbank Simple Tips - How To Guide: ClickBank
tomorrow i am not alone, at least!
Club Cinema is back
lol you already know (;
So first time this semester I've created a notes document for this class.... Nice.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 8
Stuck on Philly runway. A half hour & counting.
Waiting for this text
Worked out okay, though... RT That wasn't very smart, Corey.
Why am I not getting twitpics of people who camped at Brack?
Ppl build this image of themselves but its not real. If I made posts about fucking plenty niggas could I be mad if ppl thought I was a hoe??
“: #somethingtoremember Everything happens for a reason” truly. You'll look back with wiser eyes and it will all make sense!
haha. Excellent point. What was I thinking? Oh yeah ... thinking about my #bobcats season tix going down the drain.
Lol I just cant stand the skinny jeans crew. Probably cried and sung a nigga to death Lol
watch the video please
I. Need. More. Sleep.
I used to be a huge fan of campus patrol!!
Taking out my frustrations on fruit ninja....sigh
Do your job, with passion, my good sir.
Essential oils are just that -- essential. No #pet diet is COMPLETE. Supplement with variety and fish oil in liquid or capsule.
is falling down falling down falling down!!!!
Looking forward to buying pizza at Donili's Pizza Kitchen for my networking friends.
what does I Promotion You And Me Promotion Back You mean !?
Sharks are 1 for 6 on the man advantage
Congratulations!! Love You
thanks for introducing us. Would love to connect further!
Regardless, it's going to be a bumpy ride I would imagine..
concert announcement at 10a today...
I wonder if will be in austin or sa this coming week...
What The Hell- Dani Shay:)
Congratulations to Miss Tennessee USA 2012 Jessica Hibler!
a bit kinky
oh man, that Greek Panini sounds amazing! Way better than my stuffed red pepper...If only my office was closer.
This is no joke...www.millionaireminds.org Free youself TODAY!
Boozer stinking the Wells Fargo Arena up smh.....
Maybe, idk, I havent checked. I'd rather not send it in if I could.
check out Thomas Neptune's new single "The Good Times" off his new EP - Down to Earth on iTunes!
I hope Samsung is now installing the correct capacitors in their defective 46" LCD TVs
#BettaTellEmChef RT Real recognize real and I call it like I see it
my mom got asked to go to a conference in south africa
hope you had fun!
I appreciate how you approach your profession..best of luck in all things...proud you are a Packer!
What type of plant are you?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, BABE! Have an AWESOME one!!! ;-)
Ilu for the Psych help~~~
#Iwanttoknow how this ends...
flash cards are the fast track to a five in APUSH
I have some Hiring Mngrs that like a candidate and ask them to follow up (they don't) and then 2 weeks later they do - be urgent
New citywide ad campaign encouraging New Yorkers to cut our food portions
hi mia hope you're having a super day
Greg in the kitchen, Theresa behind the bar, and Billy Boy Brad spinnin records tonight! The stars are aligned. Stop on by JC
Natural History Museums Misled School Children
the number of pics in that album has gone up to 618.. I think it's getting a little out of hand...
Heartbreak! std::fstream is doing me wrong!
going to listen to music and then american history final fuck...
So apparently, dad's cousin Arturo works at the Marlins stadium and he said he could hook us up with tickets!! =)
ppl that take dey kids around ANYONE <<<<
Morton's beard does look a bit like a sea creature, hard to resist; agreed on Beauregard - he's got some fierce eyebrows as well.
organize my room I hate doing that <U+E413> I put my clothes in the RV that took FOREVER
Don't wanna sound like im preaching, everybody that know me know I'm far from someone that should be preaching lol
Sherm was at the helm for one of the most disappointing seasons in aggie history. Time for an adjustment.
small steps - it works!
That's a wrap on Dulce's Ashes! Pretty incredible...
FiREWORKz That's Doin To much
Dear mother, If you was attacked by a dozen ninjas wearing crotchless panties, I'd fight them, I'd fight them hard. Hahah
I won't give up, if you won't.
Don't forget, here at BullFish from 5:30-8 pm. Enjoy rock n' roll and great wine.
got too excite about her new followers
the #zepheira recollection project on github is a direct mirror on sourceforge - a push to github will trigger a push to SF.
I have TOLE MANy Capitol people wHO is the BOss in El pASo NOW. I Shake them down, threaten to kill their bills if they don't do as I SAY!
I need some followers lmao:)
Two job interviews this week, but trying to hold out for the job I really want. It will be two weeks before decisions are made. Ugh.
Had a great time at the BBQ tonight. Right up until I took a dodgeball in the eye from TJ. Better me than anyone else.
we don't have plans yet. Probably breakfast somewhere special. :)
I will when I'm done writing, haha.
Photographed today 13 more beards 4 charity 4 The Beard Book then prayed for to be in the book when I saw him live @
Bathing suit.
I think that a good EQ is open ended - leads to good student debate, discussion
I know.... Hat tattoo in your throat.
dam yo this nikka is annoying.
Aw! yeah :) #whydoialwayswritewhenishouldsleep RT love that! Is it part of a new song you're writing?
so what'd u do after graduation?
I will "watch what I post online" the day my employer offers to lick my ass in lieu of a bidet.
ohh good! how many adoptions? :) i was up since 8:30am that day just waiting for the tweets :)
oh shush
#wits Belinda Quick loves Wits with
Thanks for the follow!
I miss u babe <3
dj qtip here email is
it's like an after party in here.
No salsa events planned for tonight, but tomorrow we're at Madrigall! Beginner lesson at 8:15pm. No partner required! 1627 Oak, KCMO
Had a lot of moments that didn't last forever.
Man spends 12 months practicing 12 different religions - Deseret News
aloha to you too. NW isn't the same without you.
not yet..... Shooting through sfo in a bit. Always on united though and never get over there
I really hope im not hearing this bitches voice outside right now.
When the rain starts flooding Houston streets, I hear Supertramp in my head.
Easter candy is on the shelves. Oh my.
You know the speed of light;so what is the speed of dark? I can't see.. any body have a flash light... of WAIT! now its LIGHT... oh well :)
MTV SEOUL SUNDAY : THE SHOW SUNDAY!.
Everytime I end up likibg someone he finds out, and tills him :/ My cousin an asshole!
buh you cyan be leaving our clients just suh
Mini-Marathon/Derby/Cinco de Mayo: carb up on tortillas, run 13.1miles w/ bourbon at water stations. Wearing only hat & bowtie
": NEW YORK WINS AGAIN" -you know it baby!!
I made listen to a Kraftwerk album three times last night.
Hey, thanks! You'd be surprised, man. I wish they'd have at least tried to make the flyer look, um, decent at least.
Oh yes! I love a good storm!
“: No swag” Tweetin bout your self
Off to the mall.
Super excited about the private dinner and concert with Youssou NDour I was invited to by Millennium Promise!
Studying photosynthesis for biology!
we all know the shaggy and mystery team did more then just solve mysteries in that van. # always hungry
I'm gone
Happy Holiday's from CRUSH Wine Bar in Seaside!
actually I finally figured it out and pretty proud of myself. Haha. Nice job!
If the 12 Apostles were to be marketed as action figures, would Judas be sold separately?
Real headline on msn, "what his bad habit says about him. Leaving the toilet seat up could mean doom for you."
St. Patty's Day Parade-see you there! Randi Shannon
Bryce Harper on the way to second after his first career double, rips his helmet off.. to run faster?
Thx! back at you!
WOW is it getting warm this late afternoon! I can see how they are predicting storms-w/this humidity. (Beside I won't have to water things!)
Hi Liberty Grill ! Following U, follow me back please?
Love this advice! RT Play that music with passion don't just read the notes and squiggles on the page
I think they were just made to look creepy and stare at people to make them feel awkward because thats the vibe it gave me
When your parents tell you you need to be more social & you're just all "I AM! ~on the Internet~"
khadafi tells russian head of world chess he's not goin' anywhere. Breaking News In The World of Chess.
From hair extensions to bedazzled nails, the showroom floor at the International Beauty Show has it all!
Mayor Sanders: Employed 5,000 youth over past 5 years through Hire A Youth program...places young people in a positive environment.
I’ve spent most of my life trying to figure out ways to make money without working.
On tap for discussion: cumshots and how they make you feel, sliding down the back of your throat. Any takers?
Interested, ? RT : Who ever my 500k follower is can have a threesome with lady Gaga and yours truly
no shit Jordan. I love you<3
If I can draw a #lesson from it, then I'm #happy it happened.
Love the idea of an experimental learning space open to experiment with tech. i.e., Kinect
great job sexy boo ! Lol
This is my own, private domicile and I will not be harassed.....BITCH
“: I just want the old you. Please”
lets go to the austin mahone concert
is way more buff in person than his voice suggests. Thanks for stopping by tj's!
sorry for your loss. She's in a better place now.<3
This is bullshit. I feel ugly now.
i dont think we did a paragraph? We watched a movie friday and monday :p
And the noise issue in my apartment won't easily be fixed. Ugh! Ordinances, owners, tenants. Mess.
Black Friday is so close I can taste it
Night every body sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite
Nice to meet you. Looks like you know too.
Hell yes. Preach brother. RT : For the record... I'm officially a Jamey Johnson fan
Kemp intentionally walked, Eiether left hander, pitching change, left handed specialist, Eiether grounds in DP
Lets ride, throw a line at me, throw a song. Anything.
thanx for the follow and keep an eye out for our WISHES! ur heart will smile!
You took photos of my ArtPrize piece last year. I need to talk to you desperately.
Got a fast response from to my question about their allergen disclosure. Kudos to them.
one of my favorite singles ever. The original 12" mix intro has jungle sounds a decade before jungle was a thing.
Don’t chase dreams, make reality’s
Yeah #identity its hot as fuck
I been down and out for awhile but its time to get up smile and know tht God and his son jesus christ is not done wit me yet so I got faith
lol it's really not that hard tho
- LOL ...aww I could totally see u flying away like in the UP movie.
Today has just been awesome:))
the consumer holds the solution to direct access as well. Message isn't getting out to them effectively
Opening up this Friday and Saturday!!!!! We are bringing you the new standard of Raleigh Nightlife. Email us at .
Wednesday Wellness: "When your creativity is held inside, not given expression, repressed, it is similar to the brook having its waters...
PROFITS OF JG Summit Holdings, Inc. surged by 76.7% to P4.91 billion in the first quarter of the year, propelled by the strong perfor...
+ #IntheHeights at the = awesome Friday night friends date!!
we were just in Omaha.
And this is where comes in and makes a "length' joke.
Cut a spoon into a fork. Fill in a fork to make a spoon.
I like to think of myself as being mentally tough but days like today remind me of how much I lie to myself about that trait.
that's just Wrong. But the pasties are so right.
Wawona hotel. Waiting for a stagecoach to arrive: history!
Guitar time...
Getting Ready to start Filming again. Much Respect to Director Terrence Gordon. Last Night meeting was Great @ The Bare Bones Theater.
Well, I think he's always been a hack, but a very talented and hardworking one. "Night Shift" steals so much from HPL, Bloch, et
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Samsung XE700T1A-A02US Collection seven Slate Tablet Laptop - Intel Core
she fell out of the Ugly Tree, hitting every branch on the way down
Its a Good morning anytime u wake up to see it
Thank you for the
This guy wants to make some new friends. Who wants to talk?
are you alive?
Shades on, Low key.
duh man the devil wears prada
Until now, that is.
yes i did but that doesnt mean you are stupid you just need to study
RT : We are only here to be happy therefore give happiness if that is what u want to receive.
It's that time again...#saturdaylibrarian Today, I'm making sea turtle crafts with kids!
can't get enough of edge!!
bad news is that it isn't a client. It is a co-worker that wants me to do teh most complicated screen print ever
The SDPL continues its Downtown Verse poetry and spoken word series with SDSU MFA students today @ 4 pm in the Central Library Lobby!
That Google chrome commercial makes me want to slit my wrists.
Aw I miss that show
“: Not feeling work tonight!!!” --- WYS
no not really
Hanley Ramirez is really in the dumps after the Gload single.
Two stall bathroom - kid in next stall with dad ask if I'm pooping. Dad said "I hope so."
were they mostly at doctor's offices or home therapies? let's DM
#thatawkardmomentwhen you waste too many @ 's on a fuck nigga
Then speak up! RT “: Writing, publishing content for lawyers feels like antithesis of #SocialMedia #LMA12”
do you think I should re release that never go track
What's good Al?
I remain baffled...how was Rick Perry elected to anything?
still u
okay well if they wanna wrestle I'm here all month to help them. And okay good
Im not what you expected huh
ok that might work- but I have a feeling I'd still get burned... Huh huh huh
why does it feel like monday :]
good idea! would you want one online?
Bong bong <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A8>
Why do I always sleep in my guest bedroom??
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 17
When isn't online my feed is completely dead. It's always either filled with her tweets or people retweeting her..
because its a U. Not some high ten. Get over the lie
Why do I love Quaalude jokes so much?
Don't dress in corduroy, spend your money on books
Yes his death is awful and sad, but texting your kids that you love them, then taking your own life is the ultimate selfish act
RT : we're here, can't wait for some feedback on our elevator pitch
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide, Praia, Azores
What a hit by Ray Lewis...I need to get me some Old Spice!!
Fun-filled day with & mamacita! Shopping, Hair Cuts & MORE!!! Now relaxing before dinner with the family tonight!
On my way home listening to Bone Thugs-EAST 99 ETERNAL
I feel that I want the social media presence to be more colloquial than the physical space.
like yinka dare went to George Washington? Why I know that I have no idea.
everyone wants that now and days that's hard to find <3 I want a good Christian guy that is sweet and loves kids & helping
Thanks for the follow! What are you up to post-Loma?
Going to strangers wedding screaming 'don't marry her, I still love you'.
It's always the broken ones.
Moving forward on our documentary "TransMedian" about transgender comedian - filming to start soon!
its gonna be so good
Jason Russell, dude, if you wanna beat something in public, join a drum circle in Uganda.
yo Ruby really pisses me off!!
I c u don't talk to me anymore huh?
nigga im banging elvis
Your task is not to seek love, but to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it – Rumi.
Of course, that 1 goal separating us from the title needs to be scored by the league's 3rd-worst team, at the home of the champions-elect.
I see you getting you tweet game up
Man it's getting cold. Good thang I don't have balls or they might freeze to the floor.
you know I don't do positivity. :). Ah, it only took an hour and a half or just over to get here. Could've been worse.
Wildavsky investing and recruiting to build world class universities china focus on overseas Chinese "sea turtles"
You cannot rid yourself of negative thinking, it is a human characteristic. Unless you drop your body.
I'm Fucking In.... You're Fucking in too
Sshhhh! Don't give us away!
Man from Eugene needed temp internet pass.
Listening to #Fun. while I draw is counter productive. They make me feel like I haven't been listening to music all my life.
BIG thanx to , and for donating passes for our Scholarship Reception raffle tomorrow! Tix
My brother really funny af hahaa
Building's buzzing! Great crowd tonight. Gates shut at 10 PM. Open tmro 2-7.
Going to my sis house
Wow!another friday!But with a meaning.........(US).
OSI wishes Lesean Mccoy a Happy Mothers Day hahahaha I LOVE IT and no beef is ever ova! #f'him
getting new mascara >>>>>
ya it's so sad
inflight on flight is so slow can not watch video...but I can #rant via
GOP candidates are disappointing and dull everyday but today they are SUPER disappointing and dull. Get it!
Ahaha that was def really Random , but I think they would make a Cute Couple(: lmao , , (:
T-minus 2 days until the #ArtLook map launches. Find out which have #ArtsEd programs...stay tuned.
Happy Friday! And you are right--the ceilings are gorgeous. I'll have to take a picture next time!
Foggy mornings have always been an aphrodisiac for my creativity and imagination.
Reading by firelight, or simply gazing at the fire when sitting alone, or in a contemplative mood, is highly injurious to feeble eyes.(1850)
Happy #mothersday to all the moms out there. Moms make the world go round.
For fun if u don't have kids: hire a sitter & tell them your kid is in bed asleep & not to wake them then return home and ask where child is
Wat You Think Bro!
Thanks! I find HUMANIST really intimidating, so this was my first post after a couple of years reading.
***Wanted*** Android Developer – UK Based - for more information contact .uk
Any occasion, Dove Express can provide a beautiful alternative to your celebration with our dove releases!
westside Madison folks... mind the lunch time speed trap, westbound belt at Mineral Point.
that too. When I'm bored I either listen to songs I havent heard in years or look up new bands
CGS is shipping! RT : The Box & Go booth will ship your stuff home from #fgs2011. Open until exhibit hall closes.
just incredible!
Having ah good ass day can't wait ta get off so i can blow man
Giants win the World Series! Well, Game 1 anyway.
After a long trip for wine it's time to start running around.
Office all day
Certainly has been. But, if roles are reversed, it would still be a big issue.
#mlanet12 Relevant Issues Section is collecting socks & toiletries for Seattle's Pioneer Square Clinic @ MLA . Please consider contributing!
Automated language translation capabilities will enhance social engagement and insights at SDL/Alterian
Any documentation on sending emails through you via a Python app on Heroku?
I know this is a little late (since the season already started), but who do you think will win the World Series this season?
It reminds me of a recent Mark Steyn column noting irony of Ben&Jerry's "supporting" OWS. Wholly owned by corp. Unilever now
A little time may create a lot of space.
!! RT : keep screen at approx eye level whether iPad, lap/desk-top - body breaks key as well. Using iPad Can Strain Ur Neck...
excuse me Jazz??
just sent an update vie email! =]]]]]
Kobe is that man right now.
The sloppiness of the paperwork reflects the rottenness of the whole process.
Thank you! It will be 33 soon! But my new guy to follow is
What a great weekend! Hoping everyone out there had a GREAT Father's Day Weekend even if Monday came way too fast!!!
About to eat then smoke some
hey, it was great seeing you too, amongst the thousands!
Its my birthday and I'm finally able to start celebrating! any one in DC for the #MOAS on twitter?
No no, I get it. You can ignore me, but if I ignore you its a big deal..
stop nigga im tryna go to sleep ... but u keep saying stuff that makes me laugh ... SHIT!
Man can believe the impossible, but can never believe the improbable. - Oscar Wilde
Never mistake kindness for weakness
Anybody with an Instagram that wants to follow me, my username is amby619 :) get on it.
mum bought me vitamin water and oreos for the footy, best night ever ahead of me :)
Your tweets may have convinced me to plan a long overdue trip to Carmel. ;)
It was brilliant. It should've been haha!
Working on exciting events! B n the loop &stay tuned by signing up on r interest lists! Edenglen.com, LiveColonyPark.com, LiveBotanika.com!
I like your use of the word obtuse
This is the life.
": but people are such assholes im so tired of it:/" i know but lifes to short to let assholes still your joy
but you love it
Success is doing the best you can with what you have wherever you start in life. Keep smiling.
he's really rude, and has no respect for me..
i want some of your applesauce
is one cool dude. True story bro.
had a great night with my baby last night *crosses fingers to be pregnant* made bbq chicken & watched movies I love my Rupoo <U+2665>
life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself
Only a few hours until we post the brand new #POPBOOMPOW video!
I didn't know I was supposed to be getting one I'll go look!
thanks for the follow! i look forward to reading your tweets. please also check out #author for updates!
HEY! I LIKE YOUR COW! WATCHING NACHO LIBRE
Really nice site, Jeremy. Question-I guess having the Commodores playing on the home page would've been too much? :)
ahaha I know! It's really dodgy at night, it feels like you're being followed! I think Stefan is still watching over me ;)
hell yeah when I seen that cake I was trippin.. they got the receipt and everything
So, basically all of my favourite foods :(
Say what you want about the past.. Westbrook was in his second year two years ago. Harden was a rookie. Durant was in his third.
can't wait for TrunkNotes to arrive on Lion! Intrigued by Lua and some of the templates posted on forums.
I want chocolate.
;-) I only wish I could include the video of her roaring.
#StevenStamkosStaysinTampa I don't know how people think that Stevie and the management in Florida will let this guy go. No way, no how.
Okay everyone tune into the Presidents address to congress, especially my generation. # Yes we can, cant wait till Election time.
congrats to the krauts! chelsea v bayern for the trophy
Thanks I love and miss you too
Making Music ..
Today I celebrate 9 yrs at #ADP. Great, right? Or is it - why is the trend to jobhop? Is it bad to be consistent and stable?
I just wanna chill laid up in a jacuzzi, sippin bubbly with my fingers on the uzi
Only fools think they can attack #plannedparenthood in 2012 with impunity PP has a wide footprint earned by good deeds for many
If I see you with one of those new Nokia windows phone in gonna high school yo ass and knock that shit out yo hands.
I wish they'd go to NCAA rules. Field goal wins are so boring.
Watching Top Shot with Viggle Tue | 10PM | History Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Success often comes to those who have the aptitude to see way down the road.
off to the #biztimes expo for the Expo After Hours....
Bridal Show at Lake Natoma Inn Folsom on August 28th dm for FREE tickets!!
Tornado season is now upon us
We are going to be letting followers like you know - working out the notification system right now. It's be through twitter :D
weather channel & weather underground fail. both said it would start storming around 1. Now not till after 4. Screwing up my nap schedule!
#amigos on a Saturday night is empty would be a shame if this place closed
there should only be one rule: be a good teacher.
DON'T FORGET... we are vending at the AHS pet parade in Atlantic Station this Saturday, April 21st 9-1..SEE YOU THERE!!
Black Tide never gets old. Love this new album so much.
+1 MT : There are 2 great AG candidates @ this debate. I know there are strong feelings, but either 1 would do well as AG.
Are you left handed?
We also have PLENTY OF TROEGS NUGGET NECTAR ON TAP HERE AT THE SMILING MOOSE..- COME GET IT WHILE WE GOT IT!!
Breathe Carolina your music is literally me.the beat, the words at timesc; it plays in the background with mywildside(y)
What an amazing night! To share the stage with Bernadette Peters, a true icon of musical theatre and the Great American Songbook...
hahaha you finally got dribbling and walking down?? Hahaha yeah man for sure!! I'm down
yeh me 2 but my chances are not gunna happen:/ ive always wanted to meet her:(
So, if you believe that the Aztecs knew everything even though they lived way back then. Then yes, THE WORLD WILL END IN 2012.
lol I have way more then that
Really enjoyed the Kahula Pork today from your Monday spot behind the Nike Millikan D building.
The public doesn't worry about my transmission because it's never televised.
Tell that bitch to shut the FUCK up!!!
Where exactly are you going?!
Two high-speed, lights on calls so far. Appartment fight, and kid on a rampage with a bat. Coolness.
Can't remember leaving the movie theatre so thoroughly entertained! #thisamericanlife live show was so, so very moving...and hilarious.
Sounds like a plan bro!
haha I just saw this whole convo. You guys have it all figured out lol
#SometimesIGetSickOf "Floss Angeles".... But I know I need to be here to get it poppin.
I liked gritty real. I loved angel. Mark and Roger were bad. In totally different ways. The ensemble was way better than princip.
Apparently judges can relate more to losing investment money than getting shot.
Glad to hear it. I think you'll dig the twist.
5% off for new clients in January. Includes shirts, Hoodies, business cards and more. Make sure to mention the Twitter ad.
no problem. hope you had a great weekend!
Dear libraryland, if you see searches for "turtles" in the search logs for your catalogs or discovery tools, that's me kicking the tires.
Hey! You're very welcome.
Red One
"I want my baby back, baby back, baby back....ribs"
It's your last chance to win from Reichert at #VisionExpo! Come to booth MS 6713 and register to win the iPac Handheld Pachymeter.
yeah too bad about pujols. nature of sport. injuries happen. cracked forearm shows just a freak accident. he'll be back.
6 days until I leave for Bonarroo..the largest music festival on the planet
Enjoy "Behind the Scenes" every morning. 5 - 7 am We were this morning. What a workout!
#BWI Shuttle bus made appearance at daily garage.
RT : Never give up.
Will be in Moscow (IDAHO) tomorrow and Saturday talking #foodhubs and #KYF2. Looking forward to great convos and meeting new peeps!
man my nig I didn't know you were back out here. I would've most def hit you.
time and location and I'm there.....
were wolves vs vampires lol
I <3 once upon a time !!!
If you LOVED me you would tell me whats going on instead of finding out from your EX!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
that's too funny.
that civil war footage is so great!!!
Dear phone: I drop you, I say I hate you. I throw you, I cuss at you, I lose you. I forget about you, but I couldn't live without you
boo! What's he do? It's good the grandmas are local
Well the performance was incredible. One of the best I've seen. And if you need a doctor in Chicago, just let me know!
Flight in the morning Miami then Puerto Rico.
Happy Labor Day! We hope everybody is enjoying a relaxing long weekend with family, guests, football and Labor Day sales!
We're open on Easter and serving up your post Lent libations.
coming soon our event meet and greet Paula Deborah, activist & Author #tijuanachildren documentary
how did you get such a hot fox to be on your panel? :)
Unfriend You <3 Radio (All Day)
"space junk" is not a term I expected to see associated with actual news. Something new every day.
Just heard about Adam Yauch. RIP MCA.
Nobody wears kitten heels....except for lame Kenya!
Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber Reign as the Golden Teen Dream Teen dream duo Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber proved that no baby mama scan
You did the wrong thing to the right girl.
sorry nignog, got plans:( what about sunday?!
I will be performing on Friday Night for my new tour only on the following sites: ustream.tv justin.tv stickam.tv blog.tv
I want our own team. Till then it's penguins or Toronto for me.
omg me too <U+2639>
I thought the same thing: "Come try our unengaging new product."
Anatomy professor... practice test almost all on muscle contraction... Actual test on neural tissue.
Charcoal pencils, Airbus A380, Kerouac audio book. Another Monday.
I tried & was on hold for 5 minutes, figured the office was closed so I'm gonna try again on Monday btw 9 & 5.
yea might do that ya meen
How does a spicy seafood sub from #SUBWAY sound? Sweet, right?! Come grab our featured $5 footlong of the month, the Jalapeno Tuna!
S/O and the whole #TakeMoney movement! Follow this page bra!
I gotta keep it Retro and go classic with the Swiss lol
Love your WS prediction! Finally someone giving the Brewers respect..
Just swam with my gurlz. Damn that was hard.
Happy birthday! Mine was the 11th, but I had a free burger to use any time in January.
Things are fantastic....um how does someone not love MAC!?
I just locked alyssas iPod cuz I'm a nerd. ;D
Didn't you go out last night?
Happy Birthday Fam! &hugs to your mom's on what seem to be the longest labor EVER. Bro Phillip and I do month long cele too!
It is rarely a goog thing for someone to tell you that "you look tired" but better then "you look dead." Staying positive as a way of life.
Tell Him to follow me please? (:
how's it going brother? how's school?
new name. Smh I had to put the underscore. Someone's catching on to the word. BLAH
Long ass day. Bout to grab some Coney and relax. My whole body feel like Rosie O'Donnell's ankles.
SPRING LAUNCH PARTY at Rogue's Gallery Monday, March 26. All the new gear will be available as well as messenger bags and wiskully decks!
Huh this is cutting in my shopping time
Fridays need a facelift!!! I wanna still feel it Sunday!!! Lol
Cool! is a finalist for Top 10 Twitter Brands, competing against the likes of Starbucks and Pepsi (among others!) CONGRATS!
I'm sorry but Jennifer hudson did not do Whitney justice. As much as that chick has fell off she shoulda gave it everything she had.
Dear Mississippi... Where The Fu*k Is Starbucks???
But when was the last time we had four in 24 hours?
the silver face mask looks like Frank Zappa's security detail. He though it kept peeps from "reading his mind."
lol hell yeah pay! LMAO I don't act a #coon for #free! I leave that to the real houswives of south shore lol
so jealous of jade tho. she gets to be wiff nick like all the time. THAT SHOULD BE MEH
Read wiki article on object-oriented-ontology this morning. I've been OOP developer since 1988, studied western intel history since 1991...
tracks are fire. Check their sound cloud and keep your ear on dem
thanks !! Good luck!
no y'all didn't!
tis the season!
They got Whitey?? In Santa Monica??
This ugly girl to my left ignored me! U ain't got no friends shut up hoe!
Trying to decide on wedding venues sucks, yo.
i have the voodoo for all you bitches.
RT : Good thing that NBC reporter is on the roof of a Best Western in Sheepshead Bay to tell me to stay indoors.
Working on APA Heritage Month display & booklist for Teen'Scape , thus the flurry of resource postings. ^_^
no): we're just did a thank you.. kaleigh doesn't feel good so we're holding up on the singing for now
who needs promoting? Hit me up
What you are looking for and noting are any bugs and glitches that might show up in the game
HEY YOU
thanks btw: i love your blog
A VERY BORED person.
In case you haven't seen it yet!
...considering Sarah Bakewell's book on Montaigne or an Isabel Dalhousie book by Alexander McCall Smith, or Hunger Games. You?
is 30 mins away from me right now!!!! OMG!
so do I! How do we make that happen? :)
Great album!
haha spot on sir! Don't forget the optional cheap baseball cap and douchey sunglasses.
Good to see and ! Even if it was for one second lol
Ouch that hurts
RT : enjoyed my first Spanish language lesson from Prep time for Santiago begins now! Chile May 2012
oh i get it!
I could kick my own butt for being on the couch. None of the half marathoners look like they are in shape.
Now I'm breaking at the britches and at the end of all your lines.
Omg A is Mona
Drinking hurricanes listening to Rockin like a hurricane!
I can ride my bike with no handlebars, no handlebars, no handlebars
#Packers set Family Night for Friday, Aug. 3. Details coming
Bahaha. And damn. I'll cry of I miss them cause I'll be away all summer :-/
this looks like a glorified bottle opener
i didnt know YOU had a twitter! lol.
Ok so its more like "wash, condition, product, rake, product, shake, rake, diffuse, stretch, shake & go" but you get the point.
I`m in such a god mood, asdfghjlkjhgfd ah
Snoop ": If you could get away with it, who's the second person, after Anderson Cooper, you'd rape?"
Open mic tonight! Sign-up to perform from 6:00pm - 7:00pm & the show starts at 8:00pm. Admission is FREE w/ a two-item minimum!
Its sunday and national tele might as well chalk up a triple dub for rondo. He luv the cameras
will show you more. :)
There are exceptions for everything.
I know right?!
schedule free as hell today
Oh Mrs. June, quit staring at me and smiling
of course, NOW I can't stop listening to SBTRKT.
Thanks for the sweet commute, Joe Walsh!
Very sweet of you! I suppose it's the thought that counts!
okay let's rephrase this coz this city is full of #crazies i would Love to #BUNGEEJUMP out of the office window
Is having a smart phone a necessity you think?
Nah see, Brent Barry from the Houston Rockets tried to hangout with us last year at Agency. What's up with these guys?! lol ;-)
Friends don't let friends say poppalation.
Also wow, I can't believe Pulpo Paul, Octopus Paul , predicted the Germany vs. Spain match correctly.. and every match for Germany this WC..
Dark Shadows cost $150m!!!! Bomb a bomb bomb!
just got a table..take her to a park, make her run a mile then have a tea party with chamomile tea. she'll be out like a light :p
more like when i whine and beg ppl might listen but probably not :)
Think we can get to join?
also need to feature "Mindset" & C.Dweck here. Need someone to volunteer for a book report. Extra credit :)
It was awesome!! The wind was terrible but it didn't stop us!!
We've been talking to Evan with Mid May to get a show with them at Mad Frog! Prepare your ears!
I busted them at work!! With thier hands in the cookie jar!! I am so protected! I had an angel guiding me for sure! Thank you God! Thank YOU
Don't forget to get your tickets for Hellogoodbye in the Brooks Lounge!
would U be willing to take active voting/polling data live from your constituents as general direction in your voting in office
Thx, Susan! We're very excited about it as well! RT : simply fantastic news!
Scatter kindness wherever you go.........
What about watching the #grammys ?? Prioritize, Grammys>school. LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
Good morning world! This is the day that the LORD has made, I will rejoice and be glad in it. I'm grateful to just be alive!!!
Loosing someone special is really hard.
Looking forward to it Danny, Thank you!!
yeah, over there that would make sense :) check it out for sure
Jav!! Thanks, my G! salute.
#entertainment Hello, Good Morning
Hi, guys, I can't sleep. Worried about a lot of things. Will I be able to help pay my rent next mouth. Will they call me for the job.
Amazing #pivotboston event yesterday to launch - so inspired by Whitney and all that she does!!
ITS ALWAYS MY GOD DAMN FAULT. EVERYTHING!
Told ad exec abt your product last night. She said she coined (?) word sentimentation of a market.
"We are one people. These divisions& jealousies, are the cause of all our woes, backwardness&ignorance today"-Pixley kaIsaka Seme
Like.. select few people know what I've been doing but no one knows WHAT I've been doing, y'know? How I've been feeling and shit.
The Spring Concert featuring Hellogoodbye is Thursday! Need tickets? Head on over to the Brooks Lounge!
OMG, I haven't SEEN the arm warmers!
Book your Video shoot at;
Thank YOU for joining us!
Its hot as hell today
Looks like fun. What are you riding?
thanks! really excited about lpss! council can wait.
haha that's funny!
Today was a good day at first spring practice,
Thanks! Yes a link will be up shortly. We'll be sure to tweet it out.
Defining the real meaning of building from the ground up staining furniture, painting, texturing walls.
It's gloomy and grey in #Vegas But I'm still rockin' my Sand Storm Lip Lacquer! <3
All shout-outs go to
Oh my god... DID ALEX SERIOUSLY JUST RETWEET ME?!?!?
Thanks to everyone who made Friday's Disco Night so successful!
he is ruining the term "-blank- bears"
Working until 9 tonight, as opposed to my normal 8, which is fine, except for the part where my brain's exclaiming, 'half hour to go!'
aw #sadface my hand hurts
Good Boyfriend Replacement I'm Looking For (; lmao
Question: Which US colleges or universities offer excellent programs in web design, web dev, or digital media?
How am I ever going to use 7 weeks of vacation?
E-Portfolio: Conclusion? Call Martha Burtis for help ^_^
Introducing the 2012 GeekDad Fantasy Baseball Franchises - Wired News
Navigatin thru her eyes destination to her thighs
right back at you. Golf will benefit if Tiger can start winning majors again
work is killing me... -_- glad to be off..
Good suggestion. Thanks!
Delight urself in the lord & he will give u the desires of ur heart RT Reading wondering what my pg23 vision is.
I'm getting the Shopify password screen at the moment...
Green jacket or not, Bubba Watson, you my friend, have GREAT hair.
That's what I said! Curious as to which sushi spot is on
This is the code that is popping today: 71 DEGREES IN SD (19.99 OFF) for your purchase of a swim system
were you at office and not even tell me you were coming?!?! :(
Who has a sad face and just got banned from facebook? This girl:(
“: Simple fact is: WHO GIVES A FUCK. Does it make you dance? YUP. Then it's Dance Music :) #dancepartyoverthere” so true
I hate dumb ass NEF only playing the Magics game who da fuck. Are they we are fans the champs of FLA and FSN need to respect dat
Tebow time is over.. Finally.
lol I'm driving Jj car I got a hair appointment after
I see you 286
Can I just go back to california and stay there?
You adding to the arsenal
Several homes and barns in Camp. County destroyed, but OK here at the library. Actually prepping for a big program 2night.
Congratulations New Orleans!
yeah. Keeps saying it cannot connect to the network, but all my other network-y stuff is working fine.
And what's forcing a person to be evil is their lust for control and power over others.
Thanks for the mention Leslie!
That is so cool that you get a Nespresso machine. I look forward to getting a deal like that someday.
Any word on if you fine folks will have a mobile app at some point? thanks
Welcome to the world Ella Kate! born 1/19/2012. The newest Creed!Congrats to Pammy the new Mommy!
I have the best pals around #soclassy #thatwasapun #Getit?
SO EXCITED!!
Its ridiculous that Bell and Rendon chromes are going for around what Sano is getting.
Wanna get the number to ya 212 line
Aloha Kakahiaka!!!!! Mahalo to all of our followers who are now "Ohana" on our website!!! To those who decided not to join, no hard feelings
Team Canada is now the best baseball team in the Americas and it's a title they will keep until 2015 when they will defend it.....in Toronto
haha I agree.
Ah, the sweet smell of Alicia's weave falling off. She is SO pissed that I didn't choose her!
Yea, I just deleted from my iPhone.
OMG i love you plies so much wisdom such a kind hearted person so genuine not many out there like you keep keeping it real
So glad that documented the Fork to Farm tour in #GrandRapids today. I didn't have a camera. It was a great day!
If anything could ever be the greatest thing since sliced bread, it would be Spotify.
Depends whether or not Tanit Phoenix is doing the lasooing ;
Planning to do a little intense shopping online! Looking for a few bargains! #shopping #bargains :-D
Checked out for a nightcap yesterday. Thoroughly enjoyed & will definitely return.
And ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of seperation..Kahlil Gibran
I try to use my music to move these people to act. - Jimi Hendrix
What do a Rubix cube and a penis have in common? The longer you play with them, the harder they get.
thank you! This is hard
Get Out My House!!!!!
Yeah, the worm is out and about doing its thing. What a creature.
good n busy
cool minivan is an oxymoron.
great suggestion-- ill be there! thanks adrienne!
love shorty's?! stop by tonight for our meet and greet with free apitizers!
my best wishes for #c4g this year !
re: Detroit, check out the work is tackling to in Detroit w/ Mayor's Office: and
why am i so cold?
watching something borrowed i love the movie but hate it too how can a guy come inbetween two best friends
Sounds like someone is still a Jet...
Acupuncture has an auto-regulatory effect on many of the body's systems. It balances the nervous system, and calms the emotions and the mind
We love Oklahoma City! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks Oklahoma City!
-- So how did it go?
Shower then im KTFO .
Too extra!
RT - Ive been a New England Patriots fan for like 7-8 years and i hardly ever watch them play...#horriblebutloyalfan :b
Right on Steve. Thanks for the vote of confidence brother.
Bron Bron checked out in game 4? Dude, that's just corny.
Just got a new guitar, Schecter Hellraiser. This is thing sick as fuh!
You have a great day too!
No, I had some appointments come up and couldn't. I'll catch her this weekend (for real). Have an awesome date night!
Information on Yellow Light of Death Cure | welcome to ...
haha indeed, with no ideological shell every cleanly coming off.
Mi scusi. Point taken.
umm, go to the beach maybe? you're there so early! :)
nice late night drive listening to country music now time to get in my big empty bed and try to sleep :)
thanks again 4 the Tasty Tip...came in handy on this hot day...u da man
Tomorrow is gonna be boring as shit for me...
Cats are the best babe
March11th! Today is the last day of NEW CITY ART FAIR 2012. If you have not come to the art fair, please stop by! We open until 5pm!
"I thank you for being pro-active for the children in our community." from the Brown Deer Schools Outreach office. You are welcome.
America, Religious Freedom, and the Natural Law: Yet amidst all this churning, the gravest question for our public culture is whether...
I know!!! <3 And ehhh.. My hairs already straight.. grrr.
I love the new album, headlines is my favorite song
Who slept in this morning? Catching some big z's.
umm no lol dancing all night :)
yeah Ima go but thats in two weeks
Court recesses for the day. More defense witnesses are on deck for tomorrow.
Big day of football tmrrw!
Clear lake bound. Working with Physicians,Clinics and Law Firms in Houston and surrounding areas.
I wish I could remember exactly! It was org. and $ went to memorial fund. Will try to figure out and get back to U if I do.
when you can afford to buy us each a ticket? ;-) (believe me I want to come again soon! & Allen's never been!)
APEX Museum is preparing to use tech resources in exhibits...stay tuned.
you're the best!
oh let me know if he is cos he's awesome aha!
#libchat question: any suggestions on how to boost training skills for cataloging on a shoestring budget?ConEd?
first best show is python right? It better be :-)
Meeting today at our favorite place, Wellshire Farms.
Nashville ya'll.
Thanks, Melissa. It's a tragic story, but one that we felt needed to be heard. My heart breaks for that family.
failing my global test tomorrow
If gets Dirk gets 35 a game Dallas will win other than that Heat will win
you make all this money for people and they still haters
Lol. yeahh. we're about too catch a cab too the airport thoo.
I'm just playing. I look forward to the opportunity of winning some cards. My moment would have been Maz's HR in 60' series.
well goodnight everyone <3
Men that act like females
I miss you!
Looking for great short stories appropriate for teaching to 7th graders. Ideas?
: thanks! are you feeling better?? I'll even throw in a #GoSox :)
Galaxy Nexus is here. I'll miss you Nexus One.
-- just LOVE your twitter handle. Have to give you that shout-out!
S/O to for being here for me since middle school, even through all the bullshit! Love ya !
Hell no, I do too. Lol
missed couple great sports moments this weekend at least I caught the #USWNT on my phone, great weekend w/ family & the
Forget about this team man...
What most persons consider as virtue, after the age of 40 is simply a loss of energy
I'm confident.
Ricky Gervais must buy his body girdle off the rack at Shatner's thrift store.
If I were a #Vikings fan right now, I would be calling my legislator right now.
you could note that it is, however, a composite of wavelengths both within & outside the visual range.
Okay!! Now stop interrupting my sense of focus! I've got a paper to write!
thanks for the love!
Yes. All 3. SMH.. Handling all 3 sch. are hectic. Bball 2. I want them to try soccer. They r not 4 it...
I think one of us is having more fun than the other! :-D
Bob Dylan's real name is Robert Zimmerman.
Dynasty Young, the gay teen who was expelled from Arsenal Tech for bringing a stun gun to school, will speak & dance at #Indy bullying rally
Would love to see more cultural, ethnic, linguistic diversity - full breadth of our communities
Heading to MI for the weekend while the dudes are w/ their dad. Planning to read, sleep & walk.
Holy shit! There are oryx in New Mexico.. didn't get a picture, sadly.
Some of my favorite films include love stories such as Moulin Rouge, Titanic and The Notebook. Yep, I have a soft side, ladies.
85... I wilt otherwise....
Mom? Lol. RT : #TextsThatGetYouScared You got two seconds too get your ass home !
thanks for meeting up! Great to meet you!
Q1: Ne student programs does a great job w "Class of 2016" #facebook page
As February begins, have u put "get leadership coaching" on your 2 do list?
I see. U still my neighbor or u moved?
just lunched at el robertos, not to be confused with original robertos. Veggie burrito was adequate.
Thanks! Much love!
Dressed for work Ans about to hit the door.. so glad I only work a half day today :)))
ahh but it, it misses you, my dear friend.
I miss u biatch!
I'm so confused. Why won't you be going to the house parties? We will miss you </3 but how's it going?
i can never fall asleep easily.
Mahalo for the mention!
playing around with my new nook :D hubs got it for me yesterday - so much faster than my original one....
sucks to suck!!
Today for lunch we had cobbler instead of Pie. But it's Pi day!
Off the grid til Fri pm. Headed to Addo National Park with ! Can't wait!!!
how was surfing stud?
Dam forgot to do this HW now i got to pay a nerd tomorrow
That kid has skills. Going to be a pleasure watching him grow into superstar.
I want to ask this girl what the hell is the point of following me, creeping and unfollowing every day?
I want some!!! Lol
Storming? Right now? Really? K cool.
I think blogging, like email, has a "last generation" feel to it for lots of sts.
Deleted my fb, I guess I'll start using Twitter more? (: it's just been sitting here ..
Girls: "All guys are the same!" Who asked you to try them all, hoe?
Hitting more companies and shaking more hands. Utah is beautiful!!!
chicken nuggets are the ish.
shoot me the flier for the show on the 16th so we can approve it please...thanks
Dude. Not cool.
Thank you for the RT and kind words. How are you?
Jamming To My Music.
Goodnight Justin. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.
Who is running the mini marathon this weekend? This will be the first of many for me. Bats game later that night
Great! Tons of digital/virtual arch presentations/discussions. Wish you could have made it.
I was at a gas station & this thugged out teenager was parked there blasting Justin Bieber outta his....
Lost my asst. and good friend who worked in one of our libraries Velma Perry - 1957-2012 RIP Velma thoughts and prayers to your family.
however, once purchased, program is ours. a product in a store is not mine until I purchase it
everybody pleaz add she is an amazing role model!!!! she makes selly demi an miley look like scrubs sorry disney but its truth
Haha good one (;
Look f/w to seeing u! RT Event-a-go-go week kicking off. #GDIS2012, Interiors Show, followed by
Hey im going to my new home in Miami :)
i would message him back asking what time. then when he replied i would get ready and skype him..then we would fall in love LOL
YAAAAAAY! Congrats to !
you like The Appleseed Cast? Follow and we'll send you their live performance video from our film. Interested?
I love #SaySomethin its actually so amazing, you've got so far!<3
You have so many opportunities to take my class today and tomorrow peeps! Today two barre, a cardio & cf yoga later today! Come work out!
I need a female friend nothin serious just somebody I can chill & smoke wit
I will marry a turkish boy<3<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Hey hope new job is great! Thanks for all the luv for #IntelIT on twitter
oh, gotcha. I Hope u do. I should be on n daytime
got all the #tbt wit him and me
Yucca's are starting to bloom in the east county hills. Makes for some beautiful trail runs.
thesis paper
Sitting with plotting a program for
Happy Wednesday! Hope you are enjoying this gorgeous fall day! :)
yes! Ask favor!
Thank you for coming here and not leaving empty handed!
The good fight is the one avoided through finesse. -Walter Jeffries
been watching & 's videos for a while now..eh who says that's a bad thing?
Is it too late to start live tweeting the Golden Globes?
1 week, and I'll be in Vegas with my family. 2 weeks, I will be arriving in Cape Cod and starting my internship. 12 weeks: LONDON.
Re: my last RT. I'd do it. In a heartbeat. And depending on how you view my last relationship, I already have.
You've got the Chelsea game the wrong way mate!! Stick the horse Frankel in there too on both
wish i could skip today
Barça or AC Milan?
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 23
“: i dont associate with females on a day to day basis bitches just sneaky”<<<< so true I totally agree as needed only! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I'll be happy if I do that 5K in 40:00.
cookie maker or penis pump.
New female tank designs! Who's excited to see them?
HA! RT just read that tweet about #lefse .....OH GOD!
Hey #Lubbock, I'm playing a couple shows there very soon: April 6 at Rain Uptown and April 7 at Good Brews.
Im pretty good thanks :-) did you check out my new music video? :-)
It was implied. :)
: I probably should have worn a bra to the grocery/ oh, don't worry! I'm sure you're making a lot of people very happy over there!
": Not living by any rules, a #Gemini is a true “free spirit”."
you in New York or at home? Hope you are back out there soon.
On my way to the Mac store
I like my r&r.
I don't like to pick favorites, but your one of my favorites on #SouthernNights :)
Your haircut is new
is this like a ufc style tournament, is so where do I sign up
The world wants good enough, enthusiastic solutions not carefully crafted documents anymore
Have a great trip!
#replace1wordinamoviewithgrind 'Austin Powers: The Spy who Grind Me'
Apologies for your cust serv experience. I see you're in touch w/ & that's the best resource for your issue.
oh midterms? yeah that was 5 weeks ago. no, we're worrying about finals right now. gotta love the quarter system.
I'll keep asking till it happens. Please tweet it would mean the world to the both of us <U+2665>
please follow she is you biggest fan!28
by 20. Got a smart phone? Download sportacular app!! All sports on the go man
:/ I see! Well, welcome home
dude, I feel like super violated -___-
Telling my mom I want an Alienware laptop so she gives me a face and I said face it you had a little boy.
just becuz of schol will u beable to tweet on school
RT : still full from a delicious dinner with the mac & chesse was
Just text you!
Sorry - not so much bio-arch info - more like #ethnobotanical type of learnings...
Join us at at 11 a.m. CT. #AskCIG for a TweetChat about topics from the Complete Idiot's Guide to Facebook Marketing - Please RT and SHARE.
haha I gotta try
Read previous tweet.
The husband got tickets to an advanced screening. No idea how he managed that. It was fantastic! Really, so much fun!
I shall return to my regular programming shortly!
New York City! Where I've lived for 25 years...so I'm biased!
I think has some of the most dedicated fans ever.
where my coons at?
I am chasing my dream like it just stole my purse on payday
#mayrmayr Roy is wearing angry glasses.
hey girl!
The minute I let my guard down...that's exactly why I don't trust people
Thank you! We couldn't do what we do for the animals without support like this.
me! I'm here now. How are you?
M.A.T.H..... Mental abuse to humans
HS STUDENTS! THURSDAY@ CLUB FUEGO! 98.5 THE BEAT BROADCASTiNG LiVE LiL TWiST OF YOUNG MONEY PERFORMiN LiVE AND DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX
I love u! Been awesome to me!
Is it Beer:30 yet?
Will #darkknightrises be as good as #darkknight ?
The team is at #allurelounge getting their hair and makeup done. Make sure to stop by if you are at
That radiation? Actually, Dr. Richards can help you with that.
Bout to draw a mean smiley far on my stomach
ok dnt try n ruin my rep already haha jk
Thinking of making some Italian food this weekend - what's the best dish you discovered in Italy?
do uk how Ashley first date went? Lol
I mean what else am I gonna do, tweeting time!!
You know your Sconnie accent is bad when you accidentally put extra vowels in words b/c that's how they sound when you say them
Is throttling , or am I just always using it at peak times like... late Saturday morning, early weekday mornings...?
you knocked this one out of the park - super! Carolyn says you still owe us a visit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Going through my portfolio from all my previous classes. Not bad! ;)
I am so excited about this team!! We have tons of talent and a great bench...can't wait to smack those Tar heals
Q: where do you great #ideas come from?
Rehearsal with UCB peeps and then to a show!
How about Jurrell Casey next round?
. did a great job MC'ing tonight's OCNA's Turn Up The Heat on
*crying from laughter* let's just invite it to get drunk one night, first one to get in its pants wins a sack from the other
it was good meeting u as well...see u all tomorrow
There has been a shocking spike of creepers hitting on me this weekend. I just got proposed to in an el elevator.
My I phone has literally blue screened 3 times in the last 4 days. Not good. Takes 3-4 hard resets to bring it back.
its ok I'm learning how to use it
8 and I are on our own today without Mom. On our way to see the Avengers followed by his favorite, sushi at Nagoya.
New Nike Woodside Boots Just walk in the Door at BCK.... Come and Buy them so they can walk right back out of the door
what advice do you have for a diabetic disabled aspiring body builder?
see you already know it
I'm loving my life right now git away from these fake ppl ugh but let me say this if u got lie to yourself u fake take care of your child
Still laughing at 's impression of Thomas she was talkin bout my baby lmao
Just cranked up "Magic" by Pilot....what a GREAT song...I don't care how old that makes me.
The best 'helping hand' you'll ever find...is at the end of your own arm
Golf >>>> basketball.
Filmmaking has to be about the dramaturgy. RT
where the hell my cookies at?
is there anything better than my wife's homemade chicken enchiladas? maybe not
thank god for 3G
Oh time to go for a walk in my backyard. Gonna go like 10 acres in to get to the creek =) Gonna be nice!
Dang Rey Mysterio suspended for second violation of wellness policy.....
Hey guess what! The movie The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is based on my family. About the lil town in Templin Germany
#Np - Another Round, love it.
May Day! May Day! McGill's is out of fish! They said the ran out by 2p. :( Gonna head to Abbey.
No bullshit! They play'n thinking shit sweet just cuz it's Denver.
That nigga gon know it ain't his as soon as he get out the pen.
Woke up this morning and Chantha and I had an argument. He went for a walk and came back with a sticky bun. He's evil!
...that doesn't mean I wouldn't gladly sell my soul to get all sorts of fukked up at #EDC with you!
is the best!!
Looking forward to the VA SHRM State Conference in less than two weeks. Hope to see u there!
And guess who has a board meeting today? Perfect timing. I plan on conducting all business on twitter today.
This day in 1874 Lewis Latimer patented his idea for water-closed railway cars
I have to say filippis pizza, yum!
I love that Buffy calls him Dick in demon snake form. Phallic much?
agreed! I think we need to create a forum for better
it's hard not having a smart phone...i keep resetting my password! u get what u pay for & my phone is remedial lol smh
thanks for the retweet! Expect a new video once every few weeks!
Thx 2 the great fans traveling from 11 states 2 the Promolast ATL Reunion ProWrestlingFanfest! Stay tuned- coming soon to a city near you...
#ItsHardTo focus when ur brain is preoccupied with million other things
I'll make yo main bitch my side piece !
Need help....whats the best sports promotion that u have seen executed at retail? Preferably a purchase incentive program not including tix.
Bend over to the front, touch your toes, back that ass up and down and get low
going to nyc in 4 days cant wait!!!!!!!!!
The 102 error is an [intentional] refusal by his server. But the computer is online and accepting pings. I sent an e-mail. <U+25B8>
Have you watched the other one I sent you?
welcome Erica !
Adams: Despite focus on Iraq veterans, vast majority in the system are from WW2, Korea and Vietnam
Being sick is a pain but having such wonderful friends and family are what makes it a-ok! #gratitude love you guys!!
is live-tweeting events at Virginia Tech.
is gonna have a superior harvest this year! You can count on it!!!
Next release Berlin focusing on scalability, reliability, collaboration and automation (again).
that's just hateful. Malika is beautiful.
Well there are tons of changes for me this year I'll pray it all goes well I still have a few plans that need to be accomplished
So Justin Bieber's Boyfriend is on the radio, he'll won't be my Buzzlight Year that's already and :D
Fuck AP Euro im failing that shit anyway
New year new dreams
Yet another satisfied customer! Spending that little extra time with a cust goes far beyond what you may think.
Giants and Eagles both tied 10-10 in the 4th quarter.
Am I the only person in the twitter universe not at Comic Con? So sad :(
Any flooding on Mercer St? Power out? I'm out of town right now.
M, Dan, I hear ya! I love my chiminea, but haven't tried it for marshmallows yet. Good idea!
It's the weekend! What am I going to do? Laundry, brunch, movie, draw? Sounds like a plan.
Do you mean right now, right now? I'm working on theme. What aboutcha'?
The secret of life is keep your eye on the ball
happy new year everyone! :)
Image to pdf Converter GUI Command Line discount:
omg you finally dropped tht load... I thought you wasn't due till june..
Awesome, glad I could help!
John Cushman talks about downtown LA transformation growth in residential, #retail and cultural + new transport at #ULIFall11 RT
finally down, fenna put these headphones on
sick of hearing about Damien Hirst all together. Let's move on.
What speaks for itself doesn't need an explanation!
whose got a rip of the Brian McKnight vid
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Chicago on Thurs. for Outlaw Thursdays at LaSalle Power Co!
Happy #FF - have a great weekend!
Following back
what does everyone think of the name penelope for a kitten??
hey you know deandre well it was kinda me lol and helped
yeah idk y I cant get past 30,000
agree - he sounds like he is 80
Go team 2!
"Your hands are so cold. Your hands are so bloody." #quote of the night
Don't forget that TODAY is Free Tuesday for San Diego County residents and active military duty and dependents with ID!
Any place to download older versions? Can't connect to non-SFTPs after 4.1.1 and want to see if it was the update.
only u would use that wors. Lmao
Now question is ARW #CELTICS EVEN GONNA PLAY #HEAT IN Eastern Conference Finals? Lol
but would you undo my zipper please? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I wanted more drama with Jermaine's departure! Make me wait an hour and 20 minutes for his lisping lies!
Reading the new Glamour highlight the 2009 women of the year and advice from from former winners- loving it!
Poor Mitt Romney. He got confused. GOP needs a candidate who fires up the party, not someone who likes to "fire people."
thanks for the follow <3
Definitely read ' twitter novel about Greek understandings of the State and American desires to deploy Greek tactics.
make sure one of you blokes is on the scene if Giants fan Harvey Weinstein has a high altitude heart attack
ah did I miss the giveaway???? So sad :-(
"You win some, you lose some; it's all the same to me." From the song, "Ace of Spades" by Motorhead.
At a health expo!
"I'm not impressed." -
Where is my APP friend? I just saw this and thought of you - check out I have a GREAT APP IDEA but need someone to build :)
Bring your "Red" ticket to Palatte at Phoenix Art Museum for a complimentary slice of red velvet cake.
depends where you put the money. If you only need 5% to stay ahead, you can be pretty conservative.
personally, I liked it long.
cigarette free and completely losing my mind!!!!! nicotine i hate you!
We purchase houses in South Florida and we follow all.
Agree! --> Look at #CRM as a tool that contains firm assets - contains direct insight to customers and leadership support. cc'
Sighs of obsolescence heard everywhere..RT : Apple Set To Unveil Next iPad: The company a media event next Wed...
Red Stag cherry infused whiskey sounds interesting. love the juxtaposition of feminine/masculine. we should try!
I'm so ready for Nor Cal!
no need to. You know who you are.
I'm trying to change that though. Really want to do better. I was planning 2 block periods for a project, was going to be board
wow thats actually incredibly awesome.
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, the U.S.S. Monitor left NY for Ft. Monroe & an eventual clash with the C.S.S. Virginia.
happy birthday! cheers!
Brrrr! Thank you! Thank you!
Happy Thanksgiving to All, Enjoy & Eat Responsibly
I'm laughing so hard I pooped a little.
Prayers go out to the families, friends and classmates of the victims of the #Christian university #shooting RT
Thanks for the RT! :)
Join us tomorrow night for Old Town Scottsdale's Thursday Night Artwalk! We're giving away a free cup of tea with any purchase!
“: oh duh... If only I cared about anything from Oklahoma... or the NBA.” ugh come on man!!! Hoop it up!
If I had a british accent I don't think I'd ever stfu.
Great! How was yours? :)
Around Tech Valley - Albany Times Union
Thanks for the follow ! If you haven't been, I'd love for you to stop by my house!
So excited to use my complimentary tickets to the victory suite tonight
... and once again, another satisfied customer! We appreciate your business!!
Hours later STILL waiting on USPS...
R.I.P. Amy Winehouse pure talent
My opinion: cuts to federal discretionary spending won't solve deficits and will harm social safety net.
HA! I'm thinking so too. :)
FINALS are NEXT week! I have a whole semester of studying to catch up on! #poorchoices RT : The giraffe is gone! #whereareyou?
Nope...just wishful thinking lol RT : Garrett's? You must be in the CHI
Speaking of Mary she's gone off that Molly.
he don't do that. He's been up sinc 7 wit only a hour nap at 11 he jis cries an you can tell he's sleepy.
That last Tweet wasn't funny, but felt we had to contribute something to International Bone Thugs N Harmony on Twitter Month
whoaxxxx dats cool i was once staying in england lol so wat school yhu go to x
#Businesses and #individuals cannot expect to obtain or keep #Twitter #followers if they do not
characters who are annoying 2nite: Derek, Derek and Derek. He doesn't listen and then he gets mad!
She shouldve died hereafter,there wouldve been a time for such a wordX_x
Mr. Holland's Penis
Morning! How are things in Ohio?
They're just warped.
Funny how my old highs is suddenly my new lows -J Cole
#ChuckNorris can MAKE water run uphill.
Whos trying to have some fun boys Where Angels Fear to Tread & The Sign Of Jonah. today at Taylor Allderdice High School. Mirakuruzu:...
wksps smaller group v. lect;can break into even smaller groups for hands-on activities/interaction;come back together
No work no school no nothing. Sleeping the whole day. Running on 3 1/2 hours of sleep. No bueno.
Your welcome
Thanks for the great feedback. We are having an awesome time doing this for all of you! RT quality sessions :)
Tell all your friends to follow !
The Red Black & Blonde Austin TX Premiere will be 10/18/11 at the Alamo Drafthouse on South Lamar. Mark your calendars and stay tuned!!!
funny thing...I had a few more proposal requests come across my desk. I'm glued to my computer.
For a limited time only my policy is to follow every spam link sent me. Bring it! How good are your drugs? How good is your porn?
kidney stone? Is your back sensitive?
Nancy Rich: Virtually all forms of energy involve some risk, not just nuclear power
Add me when you can. :x
We would be happy to share posts on
I now know the reason informercials are on after 4am. I think I bought a lot of crap As seen on TV! Last night/this morning
From the precipice of revolution... RT : see - thats why you don't use a closer on the road in a tie game
Colleges don't make fools. They only develop them.
Happy Mother's Day!!
it's true, you're probably the reason I'm still alive to be honest. Thank God for you kind sir.
Get some! Go Pack!
really depends on kolb I think. They had a decent draft, looking forward to seeing Floyd
Love it!
Obama did not mention Twitter or Linkedin... Hm.
Nice! Have fun.
Jon Peter Lewis.
I have a strong dislike for Westbrook.
Need to check my #MegaMillions tix
RT : Today @ Plant Zero it's ! #Rva Craft Mafia's best. And since you're near Shockoe, hit too!
Sitting at a lunch table alone... Bitches be staring
lets rap about it tomorrow and figure it all out. Sound smooth?
Laying here, replaying every little thing that happened today.
How it storms then it is nice the next day. #ole'Indianaweather
Thank you to everyone who came out last night! You guys rule. Wausau's next on the 28th!
Season's greetings! I'll beat your man's ass and you're getting fatter each time I see you!
Watching DC United Game
WHY DIDN'T ANYONE TELL ME DIET DR. PEPPER TASTES MORE LIKE REGULAR DR. PEPPER?
Why am I'm here ??
"I think that Madonna was a great inspiration for me, especially on my earlier work." - Rihanna Please follower Retweet
You may run into a few ghosts from the past
Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend.
but they'll be cute!!! Haha
the picture doesn't not show she doesn't care. I bet a lot of women wish they look that good without make up.
heading out to Datca Aktur, Turkey today, excited about spending time at Med coast, worried about traveling with 2 kids one 10 months old
._. i feel the same way. i love you cousin, stay strong for me <3
More food in this house than I've seen in a long time. All super healthy too.
: Want to leave #PAS2012 w/a written plan for a publishable project? "Working Smarter Not Harder" from 12-3pm Sheraton-Hampton
Imma miss so much. *sniff* :'( Best of luck though man! :)
We truly appreciate the post, Lynn! Thanks for spreading the word about
We should play sometime :D
Turbulence is only scary cuz we r n the air. Its just like wen we r on a bumpy road on the ground
We have some on order! RT : try the Reflets d'Antan (out of mag if you can) good stuff
thanks man
You kno who ur real friends r when........
Thanks for the recommendation Fig & Blue pizza at was delicious! Hubby enjoyed short ribs, too. We'll be back.
Absolutely, Rachael! Thanks for the follow back :)
Follow on twitter for Milwaukee Parade details.
You always get better promo once you pass away lol
Bout ta watch #TheGame didn't get ta see da episode from last week
FX COLUMN-Bank downgrades could rock forex players' world
#ImHopingThat one day, you'll actually start to miss me, the way I miss you
It seems difficult to based our decisions about the future of nuclear energy on 40 year old plants.
Good times watching "Lovers" at Teatro de la Luna tonight!
what a waste of frickin time...go get the real killers.
Cards game AND I get to see ! Wahoo
: You are seriously the best! You took the time to make that? We can now say we have the best fans in the world! Thank you<3
kind of frustrated that the long weekend is already over but I'll be in NYC for the coming weekend anyway!
hahaha well you'll have to deal with it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
when y'all gonna come see hang wit me
Why isn't #gc2012 live streaming all the time?
Things change.
Be sure your portfolio isn't overwhelming, and just includes best work. Palisoc
All deez lil bitches be bd all of a sudden dats crazy
they might go all the way to be real
SO glad I left Chase ... and not a moment too soon. Their customer service is lousy.
My birthday party (15) is on MLK day, Jan 16th, so maybe you are not shooting that day. Hope you can come.
RT if you agree. I sure do! "Creativity is what defines and distinguishes the museum community." -Ford Bell
oh we did that two years ago over the city & east bay - so awesome - looks like you had a great day
Deadheads Brian Halligan & David Meerman Scott will offer marketing takeaways from cultural icon and American jam band, the Grateful Dead
You think Quarless will have an impact later in the year?
you do have a great job and do great work!
Harry Potter-inspired sport is taking flight
Mark Zuckerberg, you know Instagram is free right?
Then yall wonder why I have such a sick mind.
Heaven. “: I was too busy not giving a shit. Where did Tebow go?”
Sunshine and 80 degrees today, but not too early for to be hard at work on holiday plans! #Zionsville is the place to be in Dec!
Have a great day!
There is NOTHING quite like a good shave after a week. Accompanied of course by the other S's.
exactly who I'm talking about ! Ahh he's an angel (:
because I don't have your numbers haha
got some nice threads man im feeling one of those crewnecks...
This book posits that our maps no longer resemble the topography in our changing world. It has said this once a paragraph for 150 pages.
I do but you always seem so busy
All good recommendations except Who in their right minds wants to here this much bout the Bears
Guess so haha
No problem.
lmao a cookie or no lol
it was a great tea time experience
happy birthday!!
This joy I have, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away!
Have you every notice people get scared when talking to a bamd they actually like? We feel like bother ssuuccks.
still thinking of what happened last night
Hate me ...I hate u
There's nothing like a good spa pedi&mani to relax, I'm enjoying NY
Ready for today to be over!
I hate the spam on twitter. Very irritating!
Larry! Have a fabulous weekend. :)
My mom does not appreciate my snarky KY commentary. Interferes with her nostalgia.
Don't beat yourself up too much about the fold. The hand I had was the only hand that you would be ahead of that I would bet there
What's the opposite of greatness? If the first thing that comes to mind is failure- this is where you and my train of thought part.
BOUT TO HEAD OUT TO KLUSOZ!!! LADI DADI WE LIKE TO PARTY, WE DON'T CAUSE TROUBLE, WE DON'T BOTHER NOBODY!! LET'S GO PEEPS!!!!
Hire actors who have lots of sex appeal or visual charisma. Do a screen test to see if the electricity still sizzles.
I wanted to show u my ultimate electro-house song i made ..but i can't link it here for some reason soo..im gunna trust u .
is still as sexy as ever<3 Muah!
Maan im gettn shitty cuz my gig wont schedule me a date to go to Colorado fa some bitness n im tryna fuck wit n Carolina
Life. Is. Amazing. Could it get better?
Hans and I are going to be on the radio today around 1:20 talking about the show on saturday Yay! 91.7
girl, I already knew about Gaga's hair dress but aslong as I pop into your head when her name is said Im happy.
Heard are keeping skiles.....got to think hard about if I wil continue being a fan of this franchise....smh
follow back been supporting all you since day
good to have something to do early in the morn and late eve. That's when I miss mine most
I want to kill right about now
Hhahah straight ready for friday <3
Tweet Me A Number And A Picture Of You And I'll Ship You With A Celebrity !!(:
Shut up JC. just stop.
Thanks so much for the RT!
Virginia Tech wins 4-3 to take the series two games to one. Cavaliers back in action Wednesday at home vs. Liberty, 5/7 p.m.
OMG i literally literally literally thought iw as on boiling points today too!!! almost stormed outa ulta then & there :l
eleven : eleven .
I can twerk for days. I twerk doing my homework, I twerk while cooking, I twerk while watching TV. MAN I AM A PROFESSIONAL TWERKER. PAY ME
the idea of a completely cloud based operating system rubs me the wrong way. that probably means it is the future of computing.
Ginger tea+#nature+birds chirping+hot breakfast=a good Tuesday indeed! #Amediting + #amrevising my #poetry manuscript.
dear thanks for thanking your fans at the VMAs, instead you kissed selena gomez. Don't forget who got u this far.
Would you hug someone with the measles? Negative thinking is like having measles of the mind
Okay, cool... I'll work something out! :D
Follow! “: 989 followers. I had set a target of 1,000 by Christmas. At this rate it will be 1,000 by the weekend.”
Father Time and trash day both sneak up on you but only one makes you sprint out of bed. Good start to the day!
Nothing but love for you from my corner of North Carolina.
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 17:19 with Nike+ GPS.
Matt Jones is a trouble maker. Point blank.
it's about time!
i was literally listening to the HSM soundtracks the other day and i teared up a bit haha
#teamfollowback I need new followers
Thanks! but pictures can lie sometimes!
ur doing well with the alcohol/music combo....and throwing in twitter...
I guess its gonna possibly snow here wtf?? Okay then
I thought wango tango was a tango class
I know Exactly Where I'm Going and I know Exactly What I Want By The Time I Get There. 85% Of The People You Know Can't Tell You The Same
Bouncing the instrumentals of my EP...but suddenly a piano track has vanished from my hard drive.
At the we asked people what to make an exhibition about, and they chose "creatures" which, yes, includes cats....
Saluting all Mothers & women who authentically unconditionally nurture with divine love. Happy Mother's Day Weekend. dmp
morning Ron!!
Or just move the line
Keeping it in the family... What nice people!
ESM's Kelcie McCray runs one of fastest times of any safety at combine @ 4.45! Way to go Kelcie!
You know in spite of the wallowing depression, my brain give me a one man dance party about an hour ago, so there's that.
...get ready for cheaper import wines from Europe folks!
Thanks, MJ! I'm going to print that out and make my teens read it. A break from the college prep stuff...
ditto those fries looked ridic now make your own Mac and cheese tell us more
About to save $2 w/ my #TallyCardz at ! FREE med fry or drink!
I miss milwaukee let me come back soon plz
pretty good... lots of working and hanging out with the big guy. How's the married life???
And yes im going to keep tweeting about #TrayvonMartin UNTIL ZIMMERMAN IS BEHIND BARS!!!!!!
abbey wats ur new number again?!
I should say based on a phone conversation with him today.
I'm really surprised you didn't say daunceee!
Lmao Joey ass petty af talm bout Morrison. He a goofy. On me.!
writing a proposal to offer more comprehensive IL experience to transfer students
you're welcome. I checked it out real quick and will read when I have more time :-) also.sent you a Facebook request
Good work out! <U+E00D><U+E00E><U+E14C>
Just pulled a two-hour burn. Gotta get it out of the way early. ;) RT : I'm out. This skin isn't just going to burn itself.
Funny. I just think people are more impatient now.
Fair exchange isn't robbery. Fair warning!
RT : ESPN commentator just called us "the best atmosphere in the NBA."
cant DM you if u r not following me. Event 4/2, at old B&N. 30+ craft beers, local restaurants & suports Alameda Cnty Food Bank
I love Draw Something, if you do too, let's play!! My username: TeemareeDotCom <3
how about ice cold presidentes and shots of jameson?
that's my boiiiii
love at first text?
yeah man!
it really went some interesting places. Had some great moments and also some bad ones.
2011 just HAD to get in that ONE LITTLE LAST JAB to make it the worst fucking year ever. 2011, you are the worst ever. Please die.
hello dude, how did ur exams go today u still haven't told me!!! (: xx
Although there are several ways that you can buy a home, pre foreclosure is one of the best!
#Community needs to do a parody episode of How I Met Your Mother.
If you're so independent, you just refuse to bend so I keep bending till I break
I did (: thanks!
Wake up suckers and have a great day while i sleep!! The alarm is set to watch
Q: What's your New Years Resolution?
I always loved getting my new school supplies. Such a same they don't stay "new" for very long:)
nun just got out da shower
My love of nail polish is going to be the death of me, or at least my bank account. Neons, magnetics, demure pastel blues, HELP!
that's right! Ipading my way through the evening!
$2 TUESDAY ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 FELLAZ $5 $2 DRINKS TILL 12 ( TOP SELF INCLUDED) HOSTED BY DJ ROK & MIKE DEAN
I've been up there a couple times. Would like to come up again with my band over the next few months. Any recommendations?
I'm sitting here like I dont have to get up at 3am to catch a flight.....
sigh YOU WILL NEVER UNDERSTAND YOU FUCKING WHALE.
starting to get nerves?
Had sum Ewe's Blue(Old Chatham Sheepherding Co.) ths wknd at the Quarter Moon Cafe in Delhi, NY. Wow, amazing. Sheep's milk cheeses rock!
Fabulous! Getting a workout in. You?
night mi amor. love you :-* :D
I think my little brother should work for a pencil company! He's obsessed!
What is it gonna take to get you guys to wish me happy birthday?
NJHS-National Junior Honors Society. Just To Let Y'all Now :-)
in Italian with yolo
I think we tied on sending this one.
Starting today we have select items on sale up to 70% off! Stop by and check it out!
Op, the dad's goin crazy.
got that shirt for ya bro
"when life's a bitch, learn to pimp it."
. will present findings from our new teens report at #fosi11 today. (I'll be the one in the back cheering like a soccer mom)
My former roommate just got hired there!
Thanks a lot Caitlin - Hope things are going well with Brewers' Spring Training!
$12-$18 depending on seat location.
Thanks for the re-tweet!
Jamie Mays' mental breakdown in Denis Johnson's Angels is still for me the most harrowing literary depiction.
and when studs be more fitted than guys that's a Shame
Don't expect similar success in 2012 until they draft another guard or tackle & somebody ANYBODY on defense...
Yesterday Coach Bielema told media Abbrederis is now full go. Today Abbrederis told media he is out. Uh
Why didn't anyone tell me it was National Peanut Butter Day? Do they make a greeting card for the occasion?
Road trip with Emily's family? I'm definitely scared for my life.
Today is the last day of Come learn about the psychedelic properties of a ancient religious anointing oil
I feel like a broken record... short term memory problems? Try writing it down!!
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
i will not say goodbye cause i care for you, <3
I know the feeling
You will never be able to lead with a heart of God until you learn to serve with a heart after God. The least of these
Thats one talented stripper
Nachos for dinner and apple pie + wine for dessert. Bring on the footy!.
of course I stopped to get coffee and asked for a menu. What an eye opener. Yuck.
We would totally mail you our PB Cookie cupcake if we could! They are so delicious!
Late start at school today, then going to Lane Community College to check out the course for state.
the Cube has lentil w/parmesan. all other NYC stores have split pea w/croutons and tomato w/parmesan.
Just needs documenting and prettying up. Not many others utilize JRun metrics. But this cross references critical server events
Hey bestie, you coming back on our noon show again this year for SXSW? Remember we bonded, or was it just me ?
lmfaoo I know! !! I herd
Never miss a show! join our PLSAC text crew and receive updates and win tixs! Text "PunchLine" to 404040 to signup. *standardtxratesmayapply
Gold Coasts Finest™<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
What happened to lighting them on fire?
Did you take this photo ?
Free Delivery Nationwide! Send flowers now! Our Weekend Special 800-873-1348
peyton manning will be released on wed! totally saw that coming..
How do get an annoying song out of your head? Agghhh, here is comes again. Zou bisou bisou.
The "handyman" in my house is whistling whilst he patches my drywall. Kinda funny. Oh and he totally looks like my brother in-law.
#RETWEET If You Have Less Than 10,000 FOLLOWES... Follow ----> & And I'll Help You GAIN 250+ FOLLOWERS!! HURRY!
haha r u sure??
Too big to fail has failed.
every time I see a pic of you your always grinning or laughing.. I love it! x :D <3
Got some new work clothes for my interviews! #biggirlstatus <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
I could watch re-runs of #sexandthecity all day.
I used to live in California.
Don't just decide where you want to go, decide who you want to become...
The AT Conference in North Dakota was great. I had a wonderful time w/ my co-presenters and the participants.
What connor did to 's phone.<<<
sometimes goodbye is a second chance...
I didn't look at my computer today it was all about my son today!
We live all the way Live, we finna rock the house like we did last night at SOBE
I DON'T HAVE MY PHONE!!!!! MY MOM TOOK IT AWAY!!!!!! SHE WENT TO 34TH STREET!!!
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
Promote yourself free on the site on my profile. All social networks. Follow 4 follow? i'll follow back in 1-2 days.
Need a #security #surveillance #installation? Call us for a free #estimate!! December #specials!!
Christy - but again he blogged dethroned princes
Sounds like a lot of people trying to save Greg Davis' job! : Great call by Greg Davis for a Texas touchdown and a 7-0 lead.
- My scars will fade, my wounds will heal . but the truth is I'll never forget how you made me feel </3
I despise whores. Dead ass. They be hurting ppl for mad shit. Smfh
OMG HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3333333333333333
This thing is coming down to the final shot. Will the Heat go for the kill? Or OT?
Appreciate it! :)
is a Tweeting genius // great work for
ha, did u get out?
Can you please follow us :)
will you please tell that marine layer to get the heck out of there for my trip over Memorial Day weekend?
YOUR VIDEO HIT THE WONDERFUL LIGHT I really like like your style LOVED THE CLOTHES YOU LOVE YOUR FAN
Im in love with my background
Thanks so much for the follow, Whitney! Are you going to be looking for a new apartment in Chicago soon? :)
I just smh in disgust, especially when I've attempted to show "that kind" proper form in the past. Too much #ego involved.
They do cable now?
Staying up all night doing homework<U+E421>
...and his sister #SharingIssues lol : Maybe it was HIS cake? lol
I not into my feelings. I just excited about arts and crafts with my nose
Indeed, what the world needs is more meaningful books and films for a better world. INDIGO TREE PUBLISHING delivers just that and more.
(c) "WEAVE! ...weave WEAVE! weave weave weave weave......WEAVE!" haha
Composing & recording more rocking tracks today with Frank Simes & Dave Shelton for LA Post Music...
hey, how are you doin?? IF YOU WANT check our music out, I promise you might like it :) let us know!
You know, he's an alright kind of guy, that
At some point, it has to be about MORE than the sex. Sex isn't LOVE.
Wag more, bark less. #thatisall /via
Foil Tote Bag Stamping at NYC Printing 123. Make A statement! Don't forget to ask about their Rush Tote Bag Printing.
more groups would be a plus, for sure!
dvm360 iPad publication: Issue 10 now available Learn about three fires that devastated veterinary practices; help clients comply with fo
Getting ready for take off :)
this may be late but, YUCK, don't do it!
Similar but different: Do you know the story about Victoria Beckham and what she said about wanting to be famous?
Good morning aaron. :)
No problem Weez! --> “: man that was dope!!! Much appreciated”
PS What's the label? Any international release? I can view it in a browser, but it's not in the US iTunes store...
"Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success." ~Stephen Covey-
Hahaha, good idea!
I think that she should try competing in competitions, I don't know if she is an artist but, The Adamouski could help
Go Blue!!!
Happy to have Triton Stone of 10801 Plantside, Louisville, KY 502-267-9303 as a new distributor of Supreme Surface® Cleaners.
:) he follows me too
Got a lot on my mind tonight
I know I've never really talked to you... but hi. :)
We'll be there! Thanks!
You still haven't explained what you think those are.
No, it won't.
Happy Mothers Day to all of your beautiful moms<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><U+2764>
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Mother's out there!!! You all deserve a wonderful, wonderful day!
I hate being a perfectionist when it comes to cleaning this truck.
Thanks for the RT!
Then I put my dick in her ear...
just hope the pick ISN'T Poe.
“: Yea, because that smiley you add just made your break up tweet so much less painful.”
YOUR KIDDING RIGHT!! no im not...YOU BETTER BE.Honestly im not....NO YO R...Im not..-Throws chair at- YES YOU FLUFFIN ARE YOU PHYSCOTIC FUCK
I'M NOT GOING BACK!! ONE OF YOU HAS TO TAKE OVER FOR ME!
haha I got this scheer I got this
You should walk up to Jimenez at the 1st tee and say, "I'm the rain, sorry about your Friday afternoon parade".
its eaiser for you to see him than me tho....
Public bus system ... you need to stop f**king me over.
Just getting food and back to the room. Had to go to drug testing with Ms. Weekes, our bronze medalist, who couldn't seem to go...lol. Gnite
Hey can you please tweet to She is a huge fan of you , she adores you
Placed 1st @ the volleyball tournament . Good job ladies ((: ! #jealousloserz !? ..... Think so(;
Allow your self to go with the flow
It is not only about modern luminaires.People need to be offered ways of creating a feeling of well-being in their own homes.
Happy Friday everyone! I am looking forward to some Easter fun with my little guy. :)
Thanks for RT'ing the info from , I'm a big supporter of your work as well.
Hurrah! is volunteering for our Gathering Waters Fest on June 12th! Come and see her at the Fest!
We're having a cast/crew viewing party for on tomorrow, right? #nightoff?
I would love to have the officials kick out every "get in the hole!" guy.
I really want to see a #Clippers and #Thunder Western Conference Finals
Excited to start a new year of choir and get to know the new fam :) Woot!
The company I work for, WilsonHCG will be on the Dr. Drew show (on CW) on 2/13 at 3 pm for "Lifechangers: Putting America Back to work" - p…
Oh crap. As a seahawk fan I can't like the whiners. I wish James will but this is war son. Hope you like getting hit hard in the NFCWest
RT : There's a music revival coming I tell you. It's coming! stay tuned...
hey miranda what you work ?
Can't Ubi pay for it?
"Well said! It's easier to BE than to ACT. : Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?"
Thank you for bringing us some amazing cupcakes! What a great way to start our day!
haha! Dang it! I forgot you had that!
Florida will make 3's. #mubb needs to stop turning the damn ball over.
Could be an all time great draft class if we took hill over glenn in round 2 yesterday
aww you are drop dead Handsome ! *eyes glowing*
BUY TICKETS NOW IF YOU WANT TO SEE LIVE FRIDAY IN NYC
It's a beautiful Friday! Where is your favorite place to unwind after the work week?
Damn Girl Breathe..Tweets Every 5 Secs-
mark Martin would have it made he could just go home and come back when they are done fixing it
I wish I was rich enough I didn't have to wash clothes. I'd just buy new shit.
The subliminal messages contain me typing PLAY BETFAIR POKER AND You will be Sexy every other tweet. I really don't do it.
talkin' to me?
If you had to kick one social media platform to the curb, which would you toss? FourSquare, Facebook or Twitter?
RT : Companies that engage in real time have 5% better stock.
Thanks for helping us get 25+ new likes in 2 hours!
you will be mine someday.
and i want to see that, let natural selection work for a change. no more bail outs, let greece go back to drachmah, see real pain.
Awesome win ! Glad I stayed up for that!!
who, in your opinion, will Saints go after to possibly replacing Colston & Meachum?
#IKnowYou Wanna express your love for me #IKnowThis. #DontDoIt girl It will only #MakeThingsHarder when you catch me
#snowing in #pdx #springsnow what is this???
I feel it's time to sign off for the night...
time to nap !
My roommate City Biddie got me weak af! Man GOOD TIMES!
Rushing to my death In a cataract of days At the speed of breath
chaksha of wikis - assimilation and/or accommodation - how wikis and students react to change
What do a gynecologist, and a pizza delivery guy have in common? They both can smell it, but they can't eat it!
Why do we need a bill to "ban" members of US Congress from insider trading???
You mean where an unarmed child was followed, accosted, & shot to death?
Choo home run and a double...brantley triple and a single. one of them may hit for the cycle in this game
Good morning! Let's Do This.
Kindle vs. Nook is the newer, much lower stakes, Mac vs. PC.
Thanks to and for supporting Dennis' fight for marriage equality.
u shoulda popped off on her like sheena! lmao UH UH NOPE NOT IN HERE! NO U NOT BOUT 2 TURN OFF BEYONCE!
that's what she said!
Dang these horns are itchy!
Thank you twice, Dave!
I will be on at 7:30 a.m tomorrow. Make sure to tune in!
really hope the red sox do it right tonight and have no pa announcer.
What do Sam Bradford, Josh Freeman, Matthew Stafford, Brady Quinn have in common? QB Coach Terry Shea! His book comes out in May Follow me!
There's not enough guys selling oranges on street corners in Dallas. Sometime the mood for an orange.
Is that your lady? Great pic, you look so gorgeous! :)
How bad could it be that school cafeterias are going to serve meat rejected by McDonald's !!
WT EDITORS: Carol is #reading The Glass Menagerie by Tennessee Williams, a play about "the destruction of a family."
bout to kick it wit today..bout to get wozy lol you hear me, aye sap doe
Damn right i got it !
We're on lock down after this show until the CD is recorded. After that, we'll be destroying the world.
say what? Brandi likes the drama hell she starts most of it
#GirlsShould Go for a guy like hes sweet and nice and so incredibly cute cmon girls think Hes the best it don't get better!
done for prom just bc living through cross pre prom was ridiculous... never seen classier bitches doe! lovelovelovee em
The ILA Web site is undergoing an update and is currently not available. We hope to have it up and running as soon as possible. Thanks...
arm is killing me :(
I want to move to Minnesota so we can hang out for finally.
Qin in the back yard listenin to the game on ...sippin watchin the wind blow the trees ..... foreva i
I wrote a book encouraging young women to wait before having sex, and promotes the 90-day rule. Is 90 days enough time?
I went with my mom and niece to decorate a cake at Sendik's Food Markets today. It was so much fun!
thanks to Beaird Music Group, Inc. for letting me sit in and watch a real live demo session today! amazing process
Steve Fing Blake
Driving with sun roof open and the windows down during a haboob? Michael would :)
Or Florida. I do have letter for Lax for a school in Tampa. That'd be nice
thanks ashley - and love how you're encouraging people on twitter
You headed to the rose?
follow me please<3
Very exciting news! My kids love them as well! The sports edition will blow them away!
Moms ask for chocolate and flowers, but they REALLY want hard liquor.
no deadline, you have lots of time. :)
I just be coolin` | <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9> | ALONE
Congrats to the whole team for the TechCrunch write up!
I am legit laughing at mine and 's texts right now
at the second biggest mall in america<3
"I need you like I need my heartbeat.." <3Justin Bieber
RT : Living your brand. How to use integrated branding for mktg success in/outside your firm
Hope you all have a lovely evening. Goodnight, friends :)
There are people who sit and complain about others who sit and complain. Damn shame.
it would be rude to leave Spacca Nappoli out of the equation.
One can only hope those super rich Clippers fan friends of yours somehow make it to Memphis for game 7 inspiration.
Access to Megaupload data debated
Anybody know where this fair is?
Awake & sifting through a cache of panicky student emails at 5 a.m. on a Sunday. There's not enough coffee in the world for this.
Good point on second thought I'm gonna go tonight with you all
Get your Sunday football fix at The Queen Vic. Cold beer and a Sunday roast. Can't ask for anything more.
Chillin at ruth Chris with the fam...
there goes Arturo ;b
unbelievable filth in
Minecraft Pocket Edition is out for Android! w00t!
I'm still new to this, but hey, I'll give it a shot! Hope I did it right and you get this! :)
We tried our best even if we had to stay up in all hours of the night to get it finished :D
Season 2&3 of How I Met Your Mother are being shipped
Message to Arthur Blank. Your coaching staff lacks creativity & once again has been beaten by smarter, more creative people. Come on Man!
But we're still chatting on #twitter. lol. RT : +1 RT : Definitely best as a team...
It's garbage! I've tried to sit through it, but it's so bad. RT I love it too! Definitely a hater!
“: If possible wrap - but if it's a Chevy - Big Bow it!! #Gifts #ChevyGirls #ChevyFun” AGREED!
Wow! Our next tweet will be our 1000th #tweet . I think that we will give something away to a random person who retweets it.
Hope everyone had a GREAT weekend. I spent my with Little Hank Baskett's future wife, Rielle McDowell....:-)
Dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity they can train people to stand on the edge of the pool and throw them fish.
I hear everything you're saying ;) RT : haha! somebody blabbed. ;)
Have a great New Years KB! See ya at Citi
great home opener! Way to pitch Sox beat the Kitty Kats 5-2
: Hamilton Hebrew Academy Hamilton Ontario pretty Ortho in outlook but I got tonnes of content
Needs To Get Away A Lot On My Mind
Alright. I like Twitter but hate RSS since it is "one more thing to check" (a.k.a. hard to follow blogs) Anyone have a good fix for me?
holy piss I can't wait until July.
mentally preparing myself to be deeply disappointed by
where they do that at?
chopped up not slopped up!
Also, my drawsomething name is the same as my Twitter handle. :D
I miss your, morning kiss
A3 You can use an editorial calendar for your promo posts that align with #marketing, engagement must be relevant and current!
who else careened off a metal grandstand,tried dumbass shots,and triple bogied in rd 4 of a major? Van De Velde
Datalink Deploys Virtual Data Center Infrastructure at Cook County Health and Hospitals System
American League Game Summary - Toronto at Baltimore
. I can think of very few meetings that a governor has whose very existence should be withheld from the public
I totally, totally relate to this...
Why do Americans choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?
i know, yogo pants are the style thse days i'd wear'em. lmao
I kissed a girl and I liked it.. the taste of her cherry chapstick.. lol gotta love Katy Perry (:
Reading #Bentham. He is way more radical than I remember. Extremely reductive idea of the human. Also, he had his head embalmed!!
suggests it lends an air of authority to seemingly be defined or referenced by another, rather than self.
As Jamison leaves the #Cavs hope that he did a better job mentoring here than w/ JaVale McGee, Nick Young, Andray Blatche, Javaris Critteton
sure thing!
Tax day on a Monday, now that is a rough way to start the week.
Have a great show bro. Give it to 'em.
I will but I'm on following limit I will follow u as soon as I can ok? :)
I guess you didn't watch in 2008 with Tina Fey as Sarah Palin. Or Will Ferrel as George Bush.
Make sure to bring your video camera/iPhone/smartphone to our gig tonight at Commercial Taphouse. We start at 10pm and it's FREE!
As long as you love your self and the decision you make, other people opinion won't matter
o_0? Who the hell last name is White?
Awesome site!- Hoping that can help promote : )
TGIF: Fridays = Free Appetizer Buffet at Blackthorn Milwaukee! Who's joining us for Happy Hour after this long work week?
Day 40 of reading a chapter the Bible (Psalms) daily. Reached my first goal. :)
good stuff , show em what you made of , and when ever you come be ready to get beat in 2k aha
80% of life satisfaction comes from meaningful relationships. In the end what really matters is Five words-The Quality Of Your Relationships
Why do girls go to the toilets to do their hair and make up? I mean some people like me would like to wash their hands but can't :/
My mind is <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083> right now
What delicious recipes are you making for the Super Bowl?
White Chicks Aha.,!
JWP includes singer . Check out both bands!
Those are the only Clemson fans left there Haha.
Philly Fans Suck Ass for cheering on the injury
it does.
#B1G announces Xcel Energy Ctr and Joe Louis Arena to rotate as hosts for conference Mens Ice Hockey Tournament. B1G hockey starts 2013-14
Do you live in ABQ? You should go to CPK and ask for Devon to be your server. Best waiter in the city. And he makes a mean Arnold Palmer!!!
A zillion times healthier! RT Our boss is wearing a pedometer as her resolution. She's passed by a zillion times today!
Thanks for the follow. I hope to read Wishfull Thinking soon.
Sometimes I just can't wait to get out of this house already..
Listening to Beautiful People by Chris Brown is part of my daily routine hahaha.
got any info on the upcoming regional event in StL?
It's 10AM on Sunday and still no call from Rich Miller requesting assistance posting bail. I hope that means he's safe and sound
have you forgotten how cool my grandma tan Malibu is?
whose phone did we take that pic on?
Ill beat a keyboard gangsta's ass! LMAO!! Get fucking real! This aint what you want!
first day of school, feeling pretty good, listened to this century. today I'm just going to be wherever the music takes me :)
you know I live in Huntersville.
Can't wait for lunch so I can be with my friends :-)
We must acknowledge that what we have now is good.
Everyone has his path in life. If a toe wanted to be an eye, all he would see is the inside of a sock. Thus you must follow your own...
remember, #Packers likely to have three 4's as well!
- follow us back - it's ya boy, brandon (running my new sacramento entertainment website!) www.bartenderme.com
Im freakin bored with in this class
On pins & needles: we'll be announcing Indiana's 10 Most Endangered places this Saturday at the #RescueParty. Any guesses?
Lost On LeMans and The Rest Of Us at Gallery13 is gonna be sick, make sure you learn Freshman 15's songs, they're gonna be rad.
weeird. I'm bored as fuck and holy shit luke wants me to go to his band thing next Thursday :( BUUT he said he's almost (c)
Core OS Microsoft Windows Recruiter open for immediate contracts. Mention twitter & receive 30% off rate
Done! Wish I could go...busy day today. :) Have fun!
I completely scrapped my previous story idea so this should be good! at 9 pm w . Hope to see you there !
I try to avoid musicals as much as possible so I haven't seen that.
#nsta12 new ti calculators are too cool. Class set is $4500. Any ideas on grants to help costs?
soul game with my beautiful soulmates!
Meet The Bully a Princeton Love StorySeason 2 Ep 35 - knives kitchen
They look amazing on our walls and are a great way of sharing your creativity with others.
sigh.. You're so right..
I don't even wanna see that weak ass mayweather and cotto fight..I want pacman and mayweather..
Analyzing my research data and we have a difference in mean!! BUT will it be significant? Stay tuned....
Bunkering off Singapore for the night after an AMAZEBALLS holiday at #PangkorLaut. 'Nam/Cambodia (again) this week. Homesick.
Wilson got shook so hard I fell down!
voted for you and spread the word. Is all good in your world or just same old static?
She a dog ass bitch so I gave her a biscuit/she dont like rap so I played limp bizkit!
as we speak is busy editing the wikipedia entry for Critical Race Theory
Congrats to Stephen Lambdin our heavyweight for making the national team. 4 out of our 6 made the team. Not bad!
all fake ppl makin fake accounts of him and he cuss at ppl and y wud the real #Princeton do tht when he
: well done!
dang it. I wanted to watch it
I'm good, thanks. No news. What are you doing?
MT : At #mw2012? Come by Nautilus2 & help map the museum tech landscape. I'm drawing maps all day with & you.
oh too kind. :D
Absolutely loving the Kardashian collection!
Today is beautiful. Time cor some sing writting.
North NJ Chapter get-together in Denver tonite at 7. Peaks Lounge 27th floor of Hyatt.
No i just started sending them out this week. I took the Feb LSAT & all my LOR people sent my letters in late :(
This made us smile. RT : 6 year old asks: "How can music change the world?" And he really wants to know...
This girl in my class is so high. It's actually pretty funny.
"What the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve ~ Napoleon Hill
these are rad. Thanks!
#team Juggarnaut will be back in town tomorrow #cali is the bomb
Don't chase your memories when you can chase your dreams.
Rise and Shine everyone. Happy Monday to you all! and may we all have a wonderful week!
ohmygod if you ever live there i'm moving in with you...
That's the best time to visit our dining halls, then.
aye. You be boucin on my dick! Lovee you girl! ;D
Follow me, ok?
yeah that's a step in the wrong direction. A design refresh is one thing... but whoa
thanks MM
My #FridayReads 'Micro' by Michael Crichton and Richard Preston/'Death Comes to Pemberley' by P. D. James
I'm in LA now and they have donut shops in every corner! Ah!!!! The temptation is a killer.
thanks for following us we need your help to get us out in the world! are you up to the task? we have candy.
Check out therealdealjazz.com/podcast for the latest Real Deal Jazz Podcasts!
I seriously just wanna go home and start over. D;
I'm already losing track of my days and it's not even summer yet.
U alwez had a classy style, including when u covered Parkland/Dallas when I was there. Best Wishes. Esther Bauer
Now guess which rock group is scheduled to play the #ala12 Scholarship Bash....
No, but like actually, if I were a superhero, my kryptonite would be durian.
How 'bout a cover of Gino Vanelli's "Hurts To Be In Love?"
RT : Thanks for a splendid couple of days of learning + bonus of seeing Mudhoney + Shabbaz!
bah! Throw some wine in there, Allen Ginsberg.
would I have to refresh everytime I delete? this has been happening for weeks. I'd rather not have to click that much.
if you want to save 20% first purchase, 10% for LIFE, use repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com at checkout every time!
WE HAVE 300 FB FANS! Thanks to everyone for helping us get there!
Tom's last week = Globe Conference 2012. , and are doing tons of formal/informal training sessions.
How have you not noticed this before? Half the songs on BTW are about him.
i like in you your just so gorgeous and i love you to much to let you go and i want you to see what i look like and if you
This is not what it is, only baby scars.
We will unleash the Riot in a little over three hours from now. Come early and come often 7 bbls goes quickly.
A #mensch is one who does her or his part to repair the world. How have you spent your summer in #tikkunolam?
can we use the blink tag too?
Believe it or not, sometimes, it's a good idea to be "as cold as ice." Take, for example, the arctic ground squirrel.
There is a #history of on CNBC right now.
Going to the library later
I have added that to my language recently. Sometimes I make up with reasons to say it. lol I'm learning.
Don't spend a lot of money on premium coffee. Whatever variety, coffee is still coffee.
What's wrong with the Sinister Minister? hehe.
And reading advice
Let's learn to put the past behind us
"Ultimate Vows" screening tonight at Albert's, hit me up!
Pittsburgh, you're a helluva town. Too bad I'm already taken.
u aren't bad!!! U r reallyGood!!! just keep playing and singing and ur dreams will come true btw ur pretty cute.
NBC cancelled "Law & Order:Los Angeles"? What's the deal? The show killed off Skeet Ulrich (for some stupid reason).....
human rights unit & creating PSA videos :)
We'd all be sittin' pretty :)
Yes it was: you guys ROCK!!
I just bought #MISTLETOE and i love it
Got out the car in Brookfield, they got distilled air out here... Lungs appreciate it tho
I gotta solve a tax form thing and do an eval form too, so I can tweet with you while you drudge.
not much just watching a little TV before I shower what you up to ?
Proud of you for the past and future...xo RT Ended a great run with some amazing people today. Tomorrow starts another one!
Unfortunately, I can't make it. I'll be watching the twitters though!
It's amazing what you find out when someone has been holding on to a story for years, and you are willing to listen.
cant believe my second oldest daughter is getting married in less than 30 days ..
WHO WANTS MORE FOLLOW ME AND ILL HELP U GAIN
HAPPY HOUR!!! Everyday from 4-6!
Got a fortune cookie yesterday and it said " its a good time to start something new" wonder what it means. :)
well it's about time.
The cupcakes look amazing, Ivey! Diggin' the makeup cupcakes. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084>
Thanks for the #ff, Laura :) Have a great weekend!
I will! I love you too. You better win your game(: ill be there to cheer you on, as always love!
Fuck this. I just want to sleep it off and wake up n get crunk for bens coming back gathering.
Former University of Maryland star. RT : Justin Maxwell has been designated for assignment by the Yankees.
The collective of customer experience become the "brand" for the connected customers
Answer: zero. Luckily did not lose much.
“: today was awesome (:” HELL YES.
WHAT'S GOOD BRUH
o.o bout what
the article gives me hope! lets draft a new leader and sign some great players around LaMarcus! im as excited as ever!
Very much looking forward to hosting the ReelWorld discussion on content and branding at Morning Show Boot Camp in 10.5hrs!
RT : Love is the hastening gravitation of spirit towards spirit, and body towards body, in the joy of creation. - D.H....
nope, they have a concert in virginia on the 24th.
1 rule, and 1 only: don't be an idiot.
stand and deliver!
I like this signing! He will bring that ruggedness and toughness we need
fair enough. Sorry to hear your dinner wasn't exactly what you wanted
No, good mornight! ;)
Birthday day in 2 days. Hay!!
i aint chasin after anybody anymore. you wanna leave i can show you the door
shut your hungry ass up
Vacuum Cleaners SUCK
: Please tell me you're back home :3
A few times. Skype'd with him last week. He called on Mother's Day.
I hope he can go !! *crosses fingers* pleasepleaseplease say yes D:
FREE Cupcakes!!! Just drop by DealShow today, we are giving away 150 cupcakes, just show us your registration on DealShow.com. Starts at 11!
What's that line from The Social Network? "The Internet's not written in pencil, it's written in ink."
finally doing twitter again?
ten miles, born to run, food... at www.susanefine.com
Missing #Downton...thank goodness for Austen! Watching #Senseandsensibility on
With Jacob for the evening!
searched polamalu /10 2011 and put in highest first
can't wait to see it! Is it online yet?
Testing, testing
Should I be offended that theres a championship football game called the cotton bowl
So much pain and heartache...and I can do nothing to help...nothing...at...all........
We all have that one friend that can't take a damn joke! -__-
Already a mentally hard day....... blah...
I'm even in Katzen! Ha!
This music is faux-key.
I can't wait til 2 weeks to move in to my new place <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I would like everyone to pray for my mom. She just went to the Hospital and needs a heart transplant. Darlene Thornal thank you xoxoxoxoxoxo
Apparently I can't put away the winter coat. Why is Winter trying to #occupyspring ?!?
Hop-on, Inc. (PINKSHEETS: HPNN) has moved to “Current Information Status” on Pink Sheets.
Oh god Masche D:
Gotta love the "no, I can't do it any other way" answer, when I damn well know there are other options.
Not sure if you're aware of this, but tomorrow is Friday... Plan accordingly.
Blake was open
Forming a 2 ukuleles U2 cover band named 2U.
“: Your body makes you sexy, your smile makes you pretty, But your personality is what makes you beautiful.”
thanks for the follow
only you can be you and I can be me
Celtics to damn old.
Shouldn't you retweet that on your OTHER account?!
We have the best yoga instructor ever!! Here at the Fairfield HealthPlex.
I still check my BSU email..
I can feel the change you made in me.
That nervous feeling you get when you talk to someone you really like on the phone for the first time.
I need to know ya'lls schedule ! 2 C was^“ “: We need a work out session asap bro!” can I come too?!”
RSL are certainly good, but San Jose and Chris "He scores when he wants" Wondolowski have something to say about best in MLS.
Decently Funny #104 - Michael Ian Black is Back!
“The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.” – Bill Copeland
took over 121.5 highest finish in all for darts matches.
“: #kerrywood #hegone” like u had any respect for my cubs. Check that 95 draft for scumbags!
Just saw some dude throw a bag of garbage out of his car window! Disgusting!!
Last day to register to vote for the May 14 primary is Monday, April 25.
ha ha you'll get the hang of it ! If I can you can.
The #Cubs are smartly trading Garza at his peak value
I haven't seen this many Borat jokes in a while.
Workshop tonight in Imperial Beach. Looking forward to a great one tonight!
made my day today with "Last Friday Night." It's awesome to sing and dance in the car again.
loveed that episode but heck i love all the episodes!! :) come back to pittsburgh soon!! :)
hm I'm thinking there might be a chance for international collaboration with my friends who have a penpal club
31 years ago today, "the goal" was scored.
Ugh so bored.
Nothing like a pre-dawn calltime to get the juices flowin. Groovy. It's another gr8 day to inspire & b inspired!
b/c what little I know I'm unable to see how the shortfalls will be met short of gambling and hoping for the best
: Perhaps this is unassailable, but probably based on a better economy. So the Democrats are trying to fix it
at Ralphs trying to get healthy food...but I hate veggies so Im at a lost!
If you would persuade, you must appeal to interest rather than intellect. ~ Benjamin Franklin
NBA! #FanNight my dad said "nice glasses Webb like the look<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>" DC13
I think I overdid it at the gym, can't get my car's parking brake off.
People miss you more when they see how happier you are without them.
you did it, so I did it too.
I need to hear sing misty. like Now!!!
omg please come to New York! I think i would die if i met u<3
The Novak discount double check
so it should ;)
#whosgonnalose - West Virginia v Florida State - FSU will lose
"Be content w/what u have..& rejoice in the way things r. When U realize there is nothing lacking..the whole world belongs to U. ~ Lao Tzu"
you guys is gonna make me rich. Thanks for your talent!!
I really enjoy the auditioning process...always new things to learn! Beauty and the Beast this morning!
No name needed lol
This is Shelby!!(: haha i love you(:!
these tweets are not directed at you... unless they are, then im sorry in advanced
A nice team win in Texas & a great performance by Mo Almond & Kenny Hayes with an injury-shortened bench! On to Austin Friday & Saturday...
Love when your teacher assigns things wrong and you get stuck doing extra work....dont you agree ?
The last time that my #NewYorkKnicks won a playoff game, I was in fourth grade and the World Trade Centers were still hovering the city.
I put in more work xD
Gaborik and Neil
don't worry i'll make sure they won't ruin the books' story when it become a tv series ;)
Thanks and
RT to - i tried paying my dentist & my mortgage with "exposure," but it didn't work. :)
Great to see you guys too! Looking forward to hearing about the "serious" anniversary dinner tomorrow. Hope it's delicious!
follow me io follow me how does that sound to you
Super epic moment when everyone in Applebee's breaks out in a backstreet boys song on karaoke night !!!
“: i think lewis is hot.”do you
RT : Arrived in SD ftom Oslo to speak at Assn conf, "Athletes & Philanthropy: Risks & Rewards."
Only days after I lamented LOVE STORY's fall from grace in the pop culture pantheon, Tim Burton and Johnny Depp made 2 joked about it in DS.
In a survey, 66% of lawyers reported that Facebook was the ""primary source"" of evidence in divorce proceedings. Cut it down!
Sweet. Don't have work until 1 so that works out great! I'll get a hold of you Thursday after work!
Management is doing things right, leadership is doing the right things. ~Peter Drucker
thanks for the love.
Get ready folks for the next Photo Voting Contest - $3,000 prize about new life experience with RCA Records artist Monica Coming Soon!
Happy 2012! Make 2012 a great year! Go after your dreams, make the world a better place to live....
This niggsjust dunked hard af....S/O denver
You think im weak , but i know im strong. If i wasnt strong would i be speaking my mind right now
Sometimes when the person you love never talks to you in a while .. it simply means that's when they need you the most
ur gonna take it
choice is good! thanks for the pic.... what did you get?
Got some drugs in me, feeling GREAT now....no germs keepinmg me down if I can help it
haha.. Should i post the other one?
also most structured news data that is used is from scheduled announcements. Unstructured and unscheduled is a different story
Not forgotten! When the website launches, that will be there as well. Word.
started this mystery and intrigue. I think we should hold him down and make him talk!
you look like a man...
Ricky, don't lose the plot
Why do boy have no emotions ???
thanks! I hope you are well.
Show tonight! only 5 bucks! We Are! The New Year, Inside The Target Car, F, A Jasey Project. come hang out and listen to some fun music.
omg: letter from 17yo John Romero to Jordan Mechner , 1985: "I, too, am a game programmer, albeit an unknown one."
I actually use which are custom molded to my ears. Now, I can not go back to headphones
Very proud of the Skins for playing so well so far.
have been in some crazy heavy a.m. Traffic, especially E St. But when it's lighter like last Monday it can be great.
Lol! That's awesome!!
I might need one of those "Hello Brooklyn" t-shirts, though…
great to see you, I know breath, hold, count to 4, and do this 4 times. I have told so many people that. You are wonderful!
Threw myself out of bed at 6:35a thinking I was late, only to realize it was Sunday.
Do you know the average shelf life of a social media link? 3 hours -
Only 9 more followers and we'll have our GIVEAWAY for an awesome PRIZE PACK full of our fav things to help stay healthy! RT!!!
#WordsINeedToHear I understand why you feel that way
Good Morning! The library will open at 6:30 am today. We will close at 9:45 pm tonight.
at tonight! So excited!
Wow, guess I've been MIA for a while. Hi!
snow in Paris!
"Happy Independence Day " don't eat too much ice cream :) ~~~~rich
#ff 4 people you should follow if you don't already:
Brady makes 16 consecutive completions and breaks joe Montana's record
The fact that so many functions of the support website still require IE to work really tells you all you need to know about Dell.
FTW!!!! drunk and idgaf. Red Solo Cup<3
please follow me :D 29
i agree. that one hurt me. reading what everyine thinks of this is hurting me. this was between me and tayy
aww laura- congrats girl...is it on amazon yet? :)
Not feeling guilty about sitting on my bed with headphones on and #joshgroban playing. So relaxing. Who knows what those kids are doing...
hope your audition is as wonderful as that pic
- Good luck ..when do playoffs start?
Project Management Software Project Insight Chosen by Plus One Health Management
they usually get worse in translation
Defiantly, anytime! :)
Looking forward to this weekend !RT : Really excited to participate in #farmtoplate as a Supporting Member and...
Bout to #instagram some pics I'm bored and can't sleep blah
We have an awesome ballet company here. Are you visiting?
true although the more recent record building apps on Twitter, facebook, and iOS is decidedly mixed. Why do you think?
OkC about to put in work!
Digging deep into the Edge Initiative's public access technology #benchmarks and finding libraries that rock each one.
yeah buddy
U guys r awesome n it was proven today well deserved i love u guys so munch #rushersrsoproud #Rusherpartyingworldwide?
what if it was an "amount of stuff in my driveway" makeover
Can I move to Oregon please ?!?! To my relative's house :(((
i hate myself for liking Kelly Clarkson's Stronger
Hm... Good question. I will research...
If you could only buy more than one! RT : I second that. “: i could do damage”
How "Out That Door" sounding like?
Big 8 Conference track and field championships: Sun Prairie wins the girls championship and Janesville Craig wins the boys championship
facebook, text and tweets - oh my!
I feel like Glenn Beck's idiotic ignorance is deliberately directed at perpetually pissing off liberals.
thank u fabulousness! Xo xo to all!
I'm sorry, but I'm kinda judging you for having bottled water for breakfast.
This will work as much as #UN Peacekeeping mission. Zombie outbreaks in the developing world.
Heading to the movies!!!
: "As Koha grew, with bigger librarie, the performance of Koha...well..." (re: needing faster indexing)
Who bought the deal for Founding Farmers?
Not quite... keep trying :)
We had such a great time Wedding Event last night! Loved meeting some talented vendors and awesome brides!
letting my fone charge up before i go
Is it along the lines of "one hand washes the other, understand"?
how is it I go through 23 years of life without allergies, and as soon as the flowers pop up I can't stop sneezing.
RT: OPM TILL IT'S OVER
#crrunconf I want to know more about how Grabill is defining writing...."explode" the traditional definition of writing
For our marriage.
BP: Behemoth Polluter
That milk cheese thing is giving us the heebie jeebies. A woman in SF breast fed until son 5 yrs old/husband liked the milk too-ug
thanks - and yes anyone 30 minutes quicker than me deserves a follow.
no bull
I'm speaking on mapping with #drupal at 11:15 in room 204
RT : *Q2. We LOVE our local small businesses! Which local boutiques are your favorite? cc
Who do I have to sleep with to get you to follow me?! (I hope it's you. GOD, I hope it's you...)
Did you find Winter while you were at it? Cause I think Winter lost its way and we need it to come on back.....
We've been trying to contact your office for a week with no luck. Can you please call me ASAP? 202-862-1432
Back to the crib I go...
Just got my first B 12 shot, we'll see how it goes.
of course not. Its handmade & should be cheap! / eyeroll
#BREWERS are pissin me off when they pitch to Alberta!
Hey Shotouts to followers!1 Get meh some new ones!
Saw a murder scene on the way home. Just heard gun shots
Holden Caulfield would hate me today.
When I met you my heart slipped a beat roses werent red violets werent blue all because I fell im love wit you folow me<3
stop frontin' you know that's your blog
I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my boyfriend; I <U+2665> my family..things went great talked everything out cant wait til he gets home...
I mean it could be worse you could......
Alright! You convinced me... tis the season to ROCK! :o)
Haha.! Find Out What G.?!
Cnt sleep as always
Yeah, it's there every so often. Mostly Clarkson. It's bothersome, but infrequent enough.
Afternoon coffee is a must today!
Hey there, (carrielevin), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Seriously? Strangely (depressingly), I'm in the mood for fast food fried chicken. How did that happen?
It's Friday, I say we kickoff early
Forgetting to turn off your alarms on a day you don't have school <<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
damn at least she could have cleaned the mess up behind her
Thanks for the tweet! Really looking forward to working with you! cc/
Want to win a Buy One Get One Free class for GIRLS NIGHT this Sat? What food item was "Baby" carrying as she walked into a party in DD?
Just posed 25 pt Live Play question in #SportingExplore: "Will complete hat trick?" Go answer!
Oh I get it~ GReaderPlay is a visual interface of itself. Actually works really well for navigating liked items.
I'm not saying he's going to win an MVP, but he'll definitely surprise some people. Including me. I was a huge hater
SO CLOSE to the next zoom! Keep those #RepeatReceipt tweets coming! Which gift card do you want to find?
that would be a hysterical HIMYM ep - great idea! could u imagine Barney? LOL
Screw you, ab-only, for creating so much misinformation around safer sex and contraception I have to spend hrs each day re-educating people.
Lakers are trash.
waiting for what bro?
It's getting awkward with him just running around screaming.
RT How great would it be to #win a #free pair of jeans? Tweet/ RT us & help us reach 10K followers for your chance to win!
had a great audition today for THE 22.
I think the guy destroyed his own life by being a dick...
“: Huge! Victor Martinez tears ACL. If surgery, no season!” $24/s1 in LOD for team Schtup. Catcher eligible?
Off to see Just a few thousand miles and some plane rides away...
Clear strikes out Christensen and Presley to open the bottom of 8th. Alvin Davis walks and Valle strikes out. One last shot! 4-1 Seattle.
that's great!!
Just got followed by CaliBoyCuttz23 ........ Now where my follWers at
Early detection of breast cancer, through monthly breast self-exam and yearly mammography after age 40, offers the best chance for survival
Once we start #unwellness you can drink all the soda you want
ok thank you so much.
Hello Spring! Good to see you again.
So far #eduiconf slideshows range from 6 slides to 274 slides. Both for approx 1 hour time slots.
Kramnick speaking now; form as a priori.
Well...I'm watching #idol for the first time this season...and after watching #TheVoice, I have to say....these guys suck!
o-u trouble lol (n my little kid voice lol)
God has a purpose for your Pain, a reason for your Struggles, and a reward for your Faithfulness! #DontGiveUp”
4 shared is just a piece of shit now. whats a good music sharing website?
Happy Birthday!!!! I miss you & always crack up at your tweets. Hope you have a wonderful bday! xxoo
Umm not all flowers! Lol Everything except Roses! Lolz #Weird I think at the moment it's just cause of the weather changing! :)
i feel like tanisha's cousin shouldnt be her maid of honor. i feel like she just a hater..
Happy Mothers Dayy....!
just saw the show for the first time. Probably my new favorite show. youre pretty easy on the eyes too.
we'll see who comes out on top
Welcome new followers: , , , , Like us on Facebook!
Flies. So many flies.
Follow me!
Excellent! The camerawork of was at play in that one...
I remember being a little outraged at the time...but, really, it was a pretty obvious plotline. I mean, Murray?? Of course.
What NCAA Tournament game are you most excited about today?
When I'm feeling down I listen to copious amounts of glee...
unbelievable :( Have already shared & just retweeted. Thanks for sending.
Hi Heidi, saw you were hosting a HH on Thur... Thank you for hosting it with us! Let us know if you need help getting word out
x thank you for the honors OT! Mr Patrick Duffy
me- were lost!!! parents- no we arn't!! 5 mi later me- were lost!!!! parents- no we anrn't me-......... parents- ok fine were lost!!
40 lucky people will be winning bags of groceries at the Taste of Home "Cooking Show" tickets are $10 at KUIK.com
Obsessively checking twitter because I know is about to bring it at #catdallas. Someone tweet me a pic please!
Icecream, linguine w/clamsauce, choc whippedcream(in tht order,) no bath, 2hrs of cartoons. I'm going to be an excellent mother. #sleepover!
Working out then hanging with and
Why are my coins red? - xD
yeah okay BTdubs we gotta hang on gchat soons
A very good way to close out 2010. Abyss, Homebrew, Snowshoe, Poopoo. Goodnight year of beer.
This is totally rad, Craighton. All the way around! Can't wait to get my brass set in the future!
i can do weekday drinks next weeks for sure! what day is good for you?
we are looking forward to tonight's rock show at Grotto's in Fort Worth, TX. Aw, yeah!
Things I wanna do this summer: go paintballing, go to San Marcos, and go to Hurricane Harbor!!!
#LMSunSIG 21 people in first session in rm 2. A number of folks also tweeting?
I love getting my nails done (((:
This thang on fire got em going crazy.
I love going though my favorites omg
#Eye technician pay rates... You must have internal salary ranges for all of your technician positions or you are going to over or under pay
Need to go to work, Mr. Mechanic Man!!! Please put the tires on my car now!!!
What is less cool, bumper stickers or or hipster license plates? Hard to say
Goin to bed #EARLY tonight, cant be up from 4-7 with class at 8am like today..
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?” <U+2015> Martin Luther King Jr.
The best use of life is to invest it in something which will out last life. —William James
I don’t suffer from insanity; I enjoy every minute of it. - Unknown
#TVTalentTuesday Follow the talent on Twitter!
Thanks for pinning my Little Lazy critter, thankyouthankyou! :D
3 kids + 2 player Wii game =??
dangerous life changes I like it!
65 and sunny in Roanoke! Headed in to see my colleagues at VCCS New Horizons Conference today. Looking forward to seeing everyone.
Just saw a girl riding a Segway down Wisconsin going to class....fucking Marquette kids are nuts.
“One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests.” – John Stuart Mill
Laughs at #LostIn3... That's me.
I love Google+ for conversations with teachers but haven't used it with students
We got this
Just killed at the Comedy Cellar's standby line.
bad as i wanna be
story of my life
But you don't care bc you havent called or texted to even check on me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Is that on his Geek?
The Most Beautiful line is ". . .but, I love you". the most hurtful Line is " I love you, but . . ."
or do Muslims not believe in education? I can't remember now.
Martin Luther King Jr. must looked at as a founding father of the New America.- Congressman John Lewis
So I just got my tickets to see at rechter theater. June 1st baby <3
Education = best way to cut crime. VA prisons cost $1,000,000,000/yr . We have NO BUSINESS cutting education funds. BOS meets today at 6
you deserved to win!!!! Again Derek, you were robbed!!!!
stay tuned - we're working on it!
Oh, I thought I was agreeing with you. Oh well, let's go red!
It's not a butthurt thing. It's a "I really want my team back" thing.
thank you! It means so much! <13
<---- Craving for some "pastelon" aka PR lasagna!!!
installing and upgrading digital AMRs in our cloud (over TCP, Modbus & DLMS) like crazy; Intelen's energy analytics portfolio over 8MWh/day
Enjoyed the #bgtravelshow this weekend. Looking forward to the #NYTTravelShow Mar 2
I'm making some changes to the website to make it more informative and user friendly. FYI
This feeling's like no other
I love the smoking type
Ugh should have slept and not play on iPod whatever least thing week only has 1 and a half days of school
omfg no one understands how much i hate my cousin..
FOLLOW BACK:) N DO ME FAVOR? TELL PPL CHECK MY MUSIC N FOLLOW THX
Checking out tonight at the Sports, Business, and Social Media panel along with
Anyone know how to view PSD and EPS meta data without opening the files?
"2011 is the year to do it" www.section179.org
Amazing how well those cartoons have held up, right? They're just solid gold!
sorry I missed the tweet! Get the pork shoulder!
It's music Monday!! Time to tweet about music only I like and that others could give two shits about
ith you and won’t need to be chased"
Beans and Barley on North. Or my house, whichever.
loving that tshirt!! :)
#Kiski School Basketball sweeps weekend with wins over Peddie School (NJ) and Hill School (PA). Kiski now has 20 wins this season!
lol! It's May 16, u got exactly 2 weeks & a day to enjoy that "Payday Loan"..
Im so high I just wanna touch the sky!!!!!!!!!!
With win at Utah, #GoSpursGo have perfect rodeo road trip (7-0) and NBA's longest win streak of the season, now at 11.
virtual drinks on us ;) proud of you guys!
Great response to the recent podcasts! You'll also in TWO sketches in the upcoming Man Up show. Tell all yer BIG friends!
Are you in Yiwu to have your line manufactured?
I'm now following Just did my part to make your dream come true.
Nevada heat is a BITCH!
Good to know! Thanks. Won't be the first weekend, either - we are at the Mt Vernon Wine Festival. 10/20 is the likely date.
Its Friday, the end of the work week. Have a great weekend RBB followers. Stay safe. Thanks for all the support. God $peed
#duckface.....I don't get it?!?! What's with people trying to look stupid....on purpose!
When I'm not holding da block!....I'm gardening.
Probably should've washed clothes sooner than the night before the trip. Tsk Tsk
Drop in tonight for 2 for 1 glasses of wine via and enjoy a front row seat to our Roasting and Grilling Class!
running outta time, where is my runaway love?
Man, no hail and lightning down there? Its like 10 miles away!
Life is beautiful in its simplest form. Respect your body, respect your health. u only live once, but its not worth dying suffering...
any plans for offline mode and a subway commute playlist?
RT A Penn State student passed away this week. Her dream was to trend on twitter, help make it true RT
my summer look is downsyndrome n clogs.
The angriest-person-watching-sports award goes to , who I'm editing with while the games on. Angriest Knicks fan ever.
I honestly can't remember at this moment who ran against obamma in 2010.
thanks bailey!
you're welcome!
While other organizations just talk about it, I want to congratulate the #NFLPA and it's leadership for walking the walk.
could've told you how that story ends.
KANSAS CITY ON FRIDAY I Get To OPEN UP FOR
LOOK AT US NOW OH! WE ALMOST #FAMOUS! -SK <3
Motivation to get up from the greatest nap ever = none.
very true. I don't even know rap anymore. My iPod is filled w/ nas, jay, btnh, mobb deep, wu. Rap was good then
needs to text me like now
Xoco. It's 's joint off Clark St. RT : what's your best lunch spot in Chicago, no reservations
Strong sexy performance from Katy Perry
Got Eli to nap and made breakfast for me and adri. Super dad to the rescue. Wish I had Bacon tho lol
It's so hot outside
Chocolate coconut water, where have you been all my life?
The NFL joins the TSR JOB BLITZ movement :). Look @ these new opportunities. Get a FREE Review b4 applying:
Clearly Lakers will be going against
Pictures generation, prune and momofuku milk
where did you get the love sac at?
how yu been?.
Excited! working on the Razza shoe collection for men and women
Word! as usual I'm gonna go workout again~>#NoRoids take care of yourself and enjoy ur weekend, babe~>
That's cool. I know someone who just got hit with trademark infringement from Norwood Promotional Products who own the mark.
That was anything but pretty, but go #Jayhawks!!!!
Damn! I'm sleepy but I can't go to sleep
Bars play the worst fucking music at happy hour they should just turn the tv on & save me frustration, headache and sanity
MUST<U+2605><U+2605>Follow
Yo Kudos to Doug Collins I dont think he's seen round 2 since MJ
bite yr tongue :)
New link for the tune "Space Trackin'". Leave your comments! Enjoy!
Looks like a lot of people had trouble sleeping last night. Enter this code for 50% off: "MondayNightZzzs" Happy Monday!
I make damn good waffles. For the record.
follow back fam
Thurs night, Aug 11 - DO NOT MISS: Dopapod & Pharaoh Loosey at The Mad Frog! Get weird and funky with two of the best around!
Thank You Lord WOO WOO WOO!!!
Apple TV may be great, but likely tied to iTunes in a significant way. Roku is an open platform.
I have heard great things about the movie project x. I must see this.
Hope everyone is ready for my show on Monday. 8pm Cid in Silverlake. This place is awesome. You will have a really fun time.
Going to the Idaho statehouse to stare down Republican senators who didn't even fwd LGBT equality bill to the floor. 4th flr, 11 a.m.
we ran our senior piece five more times after everyone left. My knees are bleeding..
It's getting to the point where I'm having wet dreams about heat stroke now.
American Bandstand & Soul Train (ok...and School of Rock) *rolling eyes*...made my Saturdays as a little girl. Very sad day.
just the chorus
Snow fallin on the streets of manhattan... Must be
Started it out last night w/ DeLeon Añejo #Tequila. Holy guacamole! What r u having? RT : Happy Cinco de Mayo 2012. Cheers!
Margarita date with at our usual spot
Seeing some of my favorite breweries winning big at World Beer Cup. Hats off to and Rocky Mtn Brewing!
i just wanna fly, put your arms around me babby
definitely brotha! We're getting famous this summer
RT : RT : what people feel in their heart has a direct influence on their performance.
This. Cannot. Be. Happening.
Watching the documentary called #Happy ,,, And I am. This is the coolest thing I've seen and I wish for you to watch it.
He just said he's coming to my house right now to drop off my cookie doug..
The day after black Friday is quiet#
Gym mode bitch
go to club Skyline and meet Jeremih and get your pic taken by me!
Did Facebook cut back the amount of characters they allow in the body of a Facebook ad?
yes they are and they play so well together!
Sometimes I get the feeling the aspirin companies are sponsoring my headaches. ~Terri Guillemets
Almost every Fri night Larry eats at the Palm in West Hollywood. He's starting to lose it. Retirement hasn't been good to him
Awww RT : I just played peek-a-boo with a little boy in the car next to mine.
Nothing like an early morning cab ride with Christian soft rock turned up to eleven.
Trying for the first time today!! Let's see what this guy is talking about
LOL mom and I singing to Adele in the car
god damn
This might be an interesting way to combat to the defunding of libraries across the country
Death Cup by LMTF is such a good and relevant song omg.
PBR tall boys and man bags are taking over my corner! Ah!
#MakeUpArtist Available NOW! EyeBrows too! 1738 Telegraph #Oakland 5108321100
Didn't tweet yesterday cause I was busy all day (video shoot at my internship, got new tires, worked on my paper). Got the paper done! :)
Although the bluetooth could provide a convenient ruse: "I'm talking to someone. Honest!"
Find more ideas to make your man's Valentine's Day wonderful
I'm sleepy, so
Follow and reply to w/a message that includes #MerchMonday w/in 2hrs 2 win a Motley Crue lithograph!
BTW great article in April issue of #Artforum about "Art After Nature"
I'm saying this now... The browns are trading down... I really hope they don't... I just have a feeling they will....
Watching CNN. Huge news- all 5 captains to share stage at #startrek convention & #KurtCobain single may get release. This is worthy of CNN?
Having LOTS of trouble with Keep flagging HITS as violating their TOS when they dont. Auto replies is only response???
Strike 3 your out!
"Are you a dog?" "No..." "So why you barking up the wrong tree bro?!"
Whenever I say "Nothin' doin'" I always think of Probably forever.
Somebody I used to know >>>
true but wouldn't it be nice for them to come just to support education since many of our workplaces support them. JMHO
what's kevins #
Happy Valentines to you and Howard yes Bianca too
He just uses racial slurs in general and claims they aren't intended to be racist insults, just angry words.
At Juice Plus Conf. Dynamite nutrition! ...more importantly...My 1st cup of coffee in a long time. Crappy coffee...Beautiful! ;)
Who puts Deshequan the cuttie 54 on FB? Like...1. This isn't freaking myspace, and 2. ..are you really that ghetto?
Love that place!
oh OK! Enjoyed your presentation! Good luck finding a great developer!
Back to the future trilogy DVD set
I think it's really scary that sometimes I just zone out when I'm driving and don't realize it until I'm pulling into my driveway.
I MUST STOP PROCRASTINATING!!!!!!
Dropping off taxes at the Midway post office? Stop by and join Lori's Tax Day rally in support of the middle class, financial transparency.
At the Apple store in Charlotte. Imagine support for free from an Apple Genius. There must be 100 people all smiles no frowns. Drink the ko…
girl you're going to OSU??
Snow=beer tasting better. We've even got Sierra Nevada Celebration ale at $4.50 for the occasion plus a lot of hot, delicious food.
basking in gaga afterglow... Thanks <3
Getting ready for school..wbu?
OCLC is launching a service to track and display data about the copyright disposition of books. Excellent!
This FA cup final is awesome.
Where's that?
“: Hmm. Twitter says I'm similar to Maybe 'cause I write about them a lot?” That or you like to talk a lotta Smack!
But yet so cute. quit hating .
Apple filed a patent application for the iPhone that hints they may do away with the bezel around the screen
what does trippy mean??
Its pretty sad when the only guy with sense in this is the guy thats high.le sigh~
I know, and I struggled w/what to do about it. Didn't want to edit it out so I could talk about it, but. Thoughts?
It's #mustacheawareness month :{ if you have a mustache send me a pic! Go
In Stockholm, looking forward to IE / MSR eScience conference / workshop(s). As usual schedule is packed!
Step 1: read comments on FOX site Step 2: give up on human kind for a few hours
Havana Nights happy hour at area 31 is on!
Another short work day! Hallelujah <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
#kids Preeclampsia Foundation Promise Walk at Farmers Branch Parks and Recreation - Gussie Field Watterworth Park, Sun, May 20 12:00p:...
where is this drunk girl? Just tell her to drink more booze
Yah, I just followed you.. and this is crazy.. so here's my tweet, so FOLLOW ME MAYBE? ;)
RT : Finally back home with new baby girl. So much going on, billion miles per hour.. and I even haven't had a glass of wine
It could be the point. After 20 yrs studying ancient Greek, you want to know how that shit /sounded/
lol I know
So should I not do anything and then get high, or get high and then not do anything?
Not gonna lie. The Avengers was absolutely fooking amazing!!!
Moxie Joe
Launching in Broward and North Carolina!
Busy day for me!
Thanks baby brother RT happy birthday sis hope it's the best
possibly the best bot on twitter involving some asshole named frank
nor does the US allow same sex marriage as many other countries allow!
Do they explain the risks of pre diabetes?
Congrats on seven years ! I miss my internship days with you guys.
Oh my god. I missed the Alvarez RBI double.
Cant wait for the new season of My Fair Wedding with David Tutera! I LOVE your visions!
Don't forget about the 24-Hour lounge in M.D. Anderson. Use your cougar card to swipe in after hours.
Can't wait for you to watch my terrible 10 min drawing tomorrow.
He was "The Golden Child" though. I agree.
Hi Alexis, the One Direction tab is on our fb page. Good luck!
Cleaning house in a knee-length skirt and short-sleeve sweater...better turn on some rock&roll before I turn into June Cleaver!
-- Good question. On our previous site, the email link was the least used option. Do you think we need to add it back?
Aubrey Crowned is the name of Cody & Jake's clothing line! :)
Mfz kno how to really piss a nigga off n they wonder y I blow strong
can you like, marry me already?
Chicago.. What a sports city .... Not
Looking forward to it!
But than you would be recognized for your courageous act of coming into the pool! Harry'll save you too ;)
the usher in my aisle was a total buzzkill. post facto cat tweets will have to suffice.
you're probably just a really nice person! :D
:) I have a nice mix of happy and unhappy weather peeps! I just aim to inform to wear wool or cotton
I'm sorry you feel that way. Our boys/girls novelty kit categories are 15 total items out of the 1000s we carry (cont'd)
In koreatown looking at herb cookers for a friend
Listening to "Debaser" by Because ending this fucking day with Frank Black primal screaming just WORKS.
Say, we hear there was DRAG at Houston's #bowl12. Any pictures to share with the masses?
haha you know it. Good to see you again bro
Tonights shark week is intense black dec. Is crazy
Talk to me?
hahaha except you guys of course!
awesome!! I hope you guys enjoyed it!
We can't wait either! RT : Thank you for an amazing girls weekend! I cannot wait to come back!
Are you guys in boss limbo again?
Yes, and the people who write gadget blogs are technically illiterate buzzword monkeys.
awe...thanx girl. that means a lot. :)
"Pineapples for the Ethical Treatment of Answers"
great seeing you at the #OSDBU conference
good win for your team.. congrats!!
I guess you don't care..
Note to self: Before I die find a guy worth my time.
I just watched a video that's probably going to haunt me for awhile. I don't even know what I watched, very disturbing.
FRIEND ZONE - (Your Favorite Martian music video)
Awwwhh. I hope Feel better soon... Actually i hope you feel better now. (:
The election turned out great. The presence of greens & independents should ensure the majors keep a muzzle on their crazier elements.
When trying to describe dreams, it never comes out as cool as it really was.
itz going downz bro. hit my blunt
not a good time to go cold Denver
stop down and ask for Rick and I'll show you what Baltimore eats for lunch when they want real good food on me
you're very welcome. I like giving shout-outs to the books that so many people love. It's what Ebook Review Central does!
or 2013 A-10 Tournament. You know what I meant, jerks.
I do that at 12:34
When the community shower at the trailer park broke
:) he will ,i hope he does... Omg dat would make me happy,thanks mahomie:) Mahomie4Life
No surgery! I found our brand of Fish Oil years ago, love it so much started selling it! Just found out great for meniscus!
I've read 18 books so far this year and it's only 5 months in:)
I hate it when I misspell shit. Fuck everything.
handed in first draft of my thesis and now i feel decidedly unwound...
yup. Buy away!
Im not feeling her today <<
You should follow
Killing it at jeopardy!
i love me some joe dirt
announcements are coming up dangerously soon. In true Steve Jobs fashion we say, 'Here's to all you dreamers!'
RT : We had an awesome day-long meeting for telecom workers at the Labor Notes conference on May 4. (Picture by Jim West)...
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F OVERCAST: 61F OVERCAST
I'm sitting here with my cuzin and she is like 11 and she is tweeting along side me ... Might have to watch what I saw now!!!
Kuechly, Kirkpatrick, Doug Martin or trade down
So I promised it, your getting it, Im beginning filming the #fuckinstoners quote skit tomorrow and probably some of the weekend. Stay tuned!
Don't justify your disobedience to God's Word by appealing to the abuse of God's Word by others. (Sam Storms)
Welcome new fans Roberto, Derek, Elizabeth and Sara!
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you've lost.
RT I am on iphone
using your mcclusky time wisely, I see.
Anything is possible in this friendly Universe.
Hello! My name is Robelys Santana currently I am a college Student, and Im a Business student. And I am a Doer! =) <3
And by ' girls' I mean me
The interwebs would be so much more interesting if 8yr olds would write blogs.
"Smooth Operator" was a hit singing at Morgans in La Quinta Resort & Club last night!
Welcome to Twitter!!!
Love that my 12 year old brother knows the lyrics to HYFR.
she is absolutely stunning as is. there was definitely no need for her to be digitally slimmed down!!
let's make them pay a toll when they cross the county line, and downtown.
If you have never seen the GoGo's in concert... Do it!!!! AMAZING!!
I vote for peanut butter banana!
Prayers for my friends Mom
Thanks for following!
Remind me again. Why does hair grow in armpits? (not in the mood to ponder life, love, death, taxes, or cancer.) Arizona desert: I need you!
The 2.5 hours I spent at the #dmv earlier made this day feel incredibly long!
Having lunch with my new friends & next week! Looking forward...
I hear u.....we on this weekend I know u getting it in wit ya boi
We're playing at Frankie & George's in SqHill tonight, just because...we'll be trying out some new songs Tomorrow w/ The Hang Lows
Setting up a casting call for the SPARKS trailer....
Seriously. If the construction was better I would have gotten it. :-/
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas....in the office! Photos to follow!
I swear the shit I say is way better than Dr. Phil & Montell someone get Oprah on the phone & tell her I'm on my way!
what kinda musik u like girl?
Howdy, ol' pal.
haha that's too funny! Who was it?
you MUST be in the twin cities if there are Kum and Go gas stations... yep, only in the midwest. soo naive.. :)
can u give me sharpie sleeves and neck
and he is just that. what about when ppl say a woman cant teach a boy to be a man n a man cant teach a girl to be a woman?
I would imagine its mostly
What are you waiting for?
every Sunday night i get a little stressed out. i fall for it every time.
Do not stress!
Alan jackson's music videos just make me want my truck and license so much more.
.. and yet I still giggle at "Shake Weight" commercials..
God's rain is cleansing and healing. Dance in it, love it, embrace it! It's an awesome feeling! ~FB Fanpage TIGGERS HEART AND SOUL TO GLOW
where is that? i soo wanna go. I heard the 97x backyard bbq concerts are rad!
yep, right before the sea pines traffic circle.
Watching Paul Mooney... Freaking hilarious!
RT : If the ability to make skin crawl could be harnessed electrically, Rush Limbaugh could power a city the size of Milwaukee.
Today has been a rough one. So many things are on ME to get done. Cuz If I dont make it happen it wont.
"Fruit Bomb" is now available @ WineStyles in Frankfort. Stop in and grab a bottle or 2!
Dear , Thank you for exposing for the idiot he is & standing up for people like me. I appreciate it, a lot .
MT : I believe everyone else should have the right to choose a future of petty arguments and rolling eyes
Driving down Wilshire to work today was a lot like playing Frogger against frantic parents.
We will be attending the NBA Jam Session this Saturday! Yeeeeeee!!
I love penny stocks...So I think " LUSI.OB " will hit the top WOOHOO.
shouts out to the dopes producer in the yay area!!!
rough game today, time to unwind.
I saw a ware wolf drinking a piña colada at trader Vic's. His hair was perfect.
Hahah nah too expensive. Ryan went though, I'm sure he'll agree Kevin James was hilarious.
I have a hankering for pudding wine and meat water...
Thanks, sir!
it was cool to get to talk to you and everyone last night. You're all so down to Earth! :)
I will be on KEYE tomorrow promoting my coat collection! Make sure to tune in. I will be on between 4p-5 m!
Fed up of people being pissed off with me and not telling me. Grow some balls and just tell me what I've done.
Hi Riley!! Thanks for the follow! Happy Saturday! :)
Need to invent a sweat band for the ass crack RT : Butt sweat
you wanna lock it in for me? ;)
Karen, did you order color Daughter & not receive yet? (We are mortified at the possibility.) Or did you order b/w edition?
Sometimes I forget that I have cable and can watching mindless TV on Cartoon Network until the wee hours of the morning. <3
Goodnight everyone <U+E418>
Best of Ohio's episode on Microbreweries is on demand ch 411...Looking good!
Sweet pool. Are you going to josh groban.
Was there and had a debate with a colleague. Who had the faster 40...you or Fenelus?
booty, booty , booty! Very nice ladies!
yeah yeah, i love you too.
Last day of business camp. We'll be starting our biz plan competition in 20 mins
My Desperate Housewives addiction can't be healthy. The only question I have is why did I ever stop watching this show?
Dear Hayley, I HAVE A SISTER/FRIEND WHO HAS YOUR NAME(: you read my fanfic too right? We should talk more.(: Love, Tatsiana
really Mary Pat wants to add another vacant to the city rolls. The city already has too many!
Excited to kick off our new non-profit series, #changetheworldwednesdays with on 4/4 in #shirlington at 7pm!
Holy crap! You're right!
...dude..that looks like a fun show up there at the Hullaballoo! Have fun! sell lots!
because he...I mean they got....I got nothing...Billick has not clue what a QB is
u where awesome in ur last episode!
They started no more on time today.
I just got really nervous about the concert tomorrow for some reason....
It felt great to get back on the mat this morning
sees what Cathy means about twitter.
our conversations are the best. We all get eachother.
I can barely wait to drive 375 miles home today. Ugh.
Faultline hosts INDUSTRY PARTY on Sat Nov 6...Meet engnrs/producers/manufacturers/artists. Drinks+fun served up at 6p. Come down+talk sound!
Congrats on the deal, happy you are staying in Baltimore next year
Hell yea I'm a JEALOUS girlfriend but ONLY when you give me a REASON
Hurry up and take your clothes off... something is happening soon.
WHO REMEMBER ME?
you don't have to feel anything! Just drink and be rude/sort of caring. Oh and a 3 yr old neighbor of mine looks like baby rue
Dont follow, & then unfollow me. Its pointless & not cool.
NEW HEALTH CARE LAW PROVISIONS CUT RED TAPE, SAVE UP TO $4.6 BILLION
We're working on a few projects at the HRC, one currently involves Arabic vocab lists. If you need help with a project, please consult us.
RT Happy Birthday! Hope all is well && enjoy ur day :-)// thanks girl!!
All of us at MPA are wishing you all a great 4th of July weekend!
I'm so confused right now...I don't know what is happening?
very nice! Enjoy!
I've seen news on the Packers and what to do about the unbeaten season... rest or go for it...... I'd say go for it!.. Back to back Lombardi
lol go figure <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Smh i wasnt even on twitter nd C Miles was talkin about me !
"Your financial success will never exceed your personal development."
school tomorrow:/
Thanks to for adding our Discuss+ Facebook App! Let us know how we can be of help!
Why are people so looking foward about the couple coming to california iI dont get crab
Oh shit! is on twitter!
There is no thought or belief in insufficiency of any kind.
You can accomplish anything if you're willing to pay the price-- Vince Lombardi
RT : Great to see in the office for happy hour today!
Radiohead to come to Philly / NJ on June 13! Yay! Tix on sale on Thursday.
oh shit really :O
Me and my nanny, getting our SVU marathon on.
Thanks Robert, #FF back at ya! Have a great weekend:)
Twittering from #BAVC New Media institute at TriBeCa
Rockin out to School House Rock, I still remember every song! Ahh memories :)
hey mom, can we get a thousand cats and name them all mysterious names so no one knows why we named them that? please? please? please? huhu?
too bad I can't use the like stamp on twitter!
that's what I need!
Listening to to keep my head straight during illegal harassment from our West #Oakland landlord.
it's imagines time! :)x
Going to London for the 1st time. Know any cool places I should check out?
gets father of the year always!!Drove 4hrs 2make it 2daughter's bday party only could stay an hr cause college/basketball
#auchapel good things to say on the topic of atheism, although this C.S. Lewis performance has become a sort of cliche.
ARGH!! No!! Write through the pain!!
give me enough notice and I can take off! I'm going to the brewers game on Friday! Supposed to be so nice!
is inspired! Practicing guitar, writing new songs, arranging old ones...bliss!
#TheArtInsituteofChicago presents this month #RoyLichtenstein-A Retrospective; a 160 piece collection showcasing the artist's work
Nevermind where you’re from, we’re reacting cause we preview death.
Fuck it, its Friday night at The Market Hotel and the audience is ready to rock n roll. Crazy night in billysburg.
When did you email it?
"can the people in the back see this okay?"
this is good!
I'm pretty sure I live to piss people off <3
I see so much Nemi and so much Diall. Guys which one should I say...?
Listening to two people in the office talk about Zappos customer service. Proof that customer first thinking leads to word of mouth sales.
RT : Fun Fact: China has the world’s longest continuously used written language.
is shooting range this weekend or next?
YES! :) RT :we are getting pretty excited for it should be a wonderful day with wonderful businesses!
Congratulations! Hope you had a great time. RT : Getting inducted into tonight at
Happy Spring break to TCC kids and staff! We hope you all have some fun in the sun this week!
Testing new camping equipment. Nearly 2 1/2 yrs after being injured in a car accident, I think I'll be able to really camp again. So glad.
What I wouldn't give for some sun...
I know baby! We'll be there next week! Lol! *wink*
Outside of my family there are only three people I trust. They all go to different schools, two of them are out of state.
It's going to be a great week. Let's make it happen.
I love helping tourists on the metro. No seriously, I do!
this sunday, to be exact. (;
I need for to contact me via Facebook immediately. Thanx Management.
coachella here we come!
Do you have New Years plans? We might have a few people over...
Fuck I have to go to therapy -.-
Great practice tonight! Started work on 2 news songs plus brought back another old one. Things are shaping up nicely!
4hrs sleep, taco truck lunch, 8+ hrs of production. Must be the
All I need in life is my amazing family, friends and most importantly GOD <3
Chicken Enchiladas are on the menu tonight! Served up with spanish rice and refried beans! your taste buds will love you!
every now and then people need alone time. i get bored easily so i don't wana see you everyday.
The Clash "London Calling"
yeah very true, records the same, Hornets still a better name
RT!!!!! "yeah" "yay" and "yah" are three VERY different words.
I was going through some of the old posts on my blog and got a laugh out of that video again. That's a classic moment!
my bellybutton just told me your gonna notice me <U+2665> haha
Pretty sure I'm in love <3 <3
Fried s'mores!
was a great night! stop by at CUMIN anytime, we'll be happy to see u!
Lots of them in NYC for sure.
she fits in his universe because they are married!!!
Not in the mood to run the mile right now..
im not the real selena and im very sorry if u thought i was i hope it dont change anything
Date Bailed On Me
Can i do a contest? whoever wins a DM To vinny or Nick? *gianna
I wish I had friends who liked Tyler, but noo. Everybody hates Tyler, & All my friends like Lil Wayne & Drake. I fucking hate them. BOTH.
JUST WHEN U U THOUGHT U WAS DOING IT BIG..I WALK IN THE BUILDING SO
#GirlsLoveWhen You buy them what they ask for and don't ask How Much or Why.
G'mornin. I'm up too, time for work ...
No true Church ever would.
you don't go straight into the wind and you don't wax it after every single race #justfyi<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
SOMA, tonight, see you there. doors open at 630. Party on Wayne, and party on Garth.
yes...i shouldn't know that
Oh son of a bitch, I still don't have any Anger.
Just emailed you the song. Hope you like!
Why doesn't Wendy's deliver today?
lol Maybe I can incorporate them both?
when's high fest!?
i mean i can let you borrow it
What if Fitzgerald *had* settled on "The High-Bouncing Lover" instead of "The Great Gatsby"? Same impact?
Thank you!! I'm glad you like them.. Keep watchin :)
Youtube Ricochet "She Bangin" & you already know its T Man On Da Beat --->
You only live once, but if you do it right once is enough--:)
do you think that men's book clubs would want to read books that specifically deal with "men's issues" then?
Stress. Ballet. Finals. I have been reduced to one word sentences to describe the mountain of crap I have to do between now and next Friday.
not so much the 'I' in that, but the user who is barely grasping at their new D7 site to begin with will recognize A
followed :) follow back?
Innovate as a last resort. - Ray and Charles Eames
Just watching the tour on DVR HD. Great sprint with Armstrong at the end. Couldn't quite get it. Great job overall!
”You All Win”…Congratulations…Wanna…Play Again
Women, #poem from sMichelle
i am thankful that i had the opportunity to go to LA and visit my brother antonio. And my brother introducted me to O2M.
when are you coming to boston?!
HE HAS HIS NOSE MAURY!! &THEM EARS, THEM EARS STICK OUT JUS LIKE HIS DADDYS.
FOLLOW MY BESTFRIEND SHE FOLLOW BACK <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
prisoner :p haha that's cute! :) i don't know what to wear lol
love it!
awesome dude what's the the name of that series again?
Right now, I really wanna listen to Long Knives Drawn and watch 8 1/2
Jammin some classical...
but i like blue.
Congrats to for a great almost launch! Great stuff
Congrats to on the perfect game! What a nerve-wracking and intense game to watch.
First try vocabsushi.com w/code "ilovevocab" -$10off RT : Can someone tell me if getting the #GRE #vocab flash cards were worth it? :)
we still haven't done your photoshoot?
Hanging out at
Harry potter and the deathly hallows part 2 was the best movie i have ever seen in my life.
what is the MagFF ?
I'm so immature. I laugh everything my phone has 69 percent battery...
Perhaps we need to start our a snarky button product line...
I migrated to DV4 and want to close DV3.5 but it takes a month to close (?) Can you bill/ref 1 month/50 for old instead of 500?
My mom: "kfc and john john silvers. I mean long dong silvers"
Yesterday, I signed up for "social news" on Huffington Post; I don't really know what it is, but its like facebook for news junkies.
I need mine cut too!
Enjoy your night everyone, come back in tomorrow for Heavy-Handed Sunday and get your eighth weighed to four grams!
mhm now in Hungry
So excited to go down to Richmond tomorrow with to rep
"What chance gathers she easily scatters. A great person attracts great people and knows how to hold them together." -Johann Von Goethe
Austin please!!!!!!! Follow me or tweet back? <3
Charles River Apparel has recently been named a 5-star Supplier by ASI! Thanks for your continued support.
Help us spread the word about Good Luck Jane? @ Reply at least one person you follow with www.facebook.com/goodluckjane THNKS!
after 10 tonight lol. Late, I know!
Thank you for shopping with us this Thursday afternoon.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito. ~ The Dalai Lama XIV
Not in your area, but what does a Desk Set group do?
I will post mine today around 4 or 5 ... K?
O_o one time this eighty year old wanted my mom to be his GF and shes 31 lmao! I told her she should cuz he's rich LOL
I dont believe in "good" vs. "bad" music. I believe in "genuine artistic contribution" vs. "hey everybody, look! I'm doing something!"
Don't judge me, birthday girl!!! Lol
when the streetz love you to death it aint hard to sell
I am having great butt sex with Justin Bieber!!! #EpicWin Girls be jealous!
H-2B Clients: Please send us your declaration regarding the wage increase by Tuesday, Sept. 20th & email w/ questions.
Knocking out the rest of my shopping!!
I just cut my finger while cutting my nails. I am such a disgrace to all Asian kind.
Good morning everyone. It's a beautiful day in Florida. I'm on my way out to enjoy the sunshine. Have a great day....
"life is better on a bell curve"
Blastin some #nowhere is the sht bro
Ayy Gang land. Is that shit
hopefully we'll be there soon!
It's never good when you're at an underground BART station and it smells like something is on fire.
Only goodness and faithful love will pursue me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the LORD as long as I live...
Off to meet the main character of my next novel. Literally.
You are very welcome :)
My primary issue with drinking: I enjoy it most when ddrunk/dt > 0.
Already bought two bra's ;p
I don't think I ever truly realized that Keith Haring started out as a street artist. I guess I always knew, but never really thought of it.
.: Do you know some of the goodies you're bringing to ?
Chemistry midterm in a couple days.
get ready for a great Lions game later. “: Succaneer Orange. Great.”
last night my neighbors played shitty music all night, time to play mine on full blast i hope they enjoy their hangovers.
Seniors taking final exams
Not to good I'm sick
On my way to KFC for tha mother's day special ..
You said it!
Study finds MD's not always honest with patients. 20 percent said hadn't fully disclosed mistake.
#obvious RT : Columbia residents have mixed reactions about a potential Jayhawk logo on Missouri license plates. via/
Sorry I missed that brunch
I forgot my password. Thanks alot, Cali buds!!!
U R The Bullshit
CAN'T MAKE ME
Selenators go follow chaz's personal account - :)
Hi Justin, thanks for following!
Tonight blows.
Not feeling so hot Took emergen-c, day quil.. ugh.. really hope I'm not coming down with something!
Are you feeling like Carrie Bradshaw right about now?
Wish I had caught a picture but my phone camera is broken. Will do so next time. Hello from ORD!
not sure if u tlk'd this already but how do u feel abt congress taking out the part abt slavery in 2days constitution reading
I used to be speaker of the house RT : I'm Newt Gingrich RT : I used to be speaker of the house.
just remember to skip the mac, bro. no flavor.
Last day to check out the exhibit Reflections and pick up a piece of original art!
Good day today
my pleasure! Still blown away by your noodle prowess!
Flying to Indy in Louisville Slugger's corporate airplane on Monday!
Dear Food Fantasy Reader, What does it mean that I'm dreaming about #bacon wrapped meatloaf?
You are too kind.
I like your thinking!
hey lets get that 1-2 punch going again this week big mac
hmm " uh excuse me sir can you please get off my back. Thanks "
Burn Ki Moon.
Bruins v Rangers tonight. Maybe there will be lots of fights in honor of Valentine's Day.
#certnc Eric k from solana beach. what a great tool in case of an emergency.
The kiwano fruit is possibly the most disgusting thing I've ever eaten. Next to okra. Not fond of slimy food.
Hadn't heard; can you point me to some add'l reading?
I judge you more for the McDonald's part than the wifi part!
do people REALLY wear "wodkilla" socks? thats just... no! i cant handle the term wodkilla in general or anyone labeling themselves as such
Wow! just realized I have followers...including the great David Crowder.
dam mahone! Keep up the amazing work!
What is the hardest part about #networking?
the voice or DWTS
AP tests. Yay.
Have a great time in SF.
Republican play book is when you take power create fiscal crisis by cutting taxes/ revenue that supports dysfunction narrative
Leah, thank you for the follow as well. Any 2012 real estate predictions?
So what's the news of the day?
I cant stand people bein better than me at ANYTHING ! lol grrrrrrr
The only good thing about the parade of champions were the pompoms lol.
skype? To much to type xD
can't get bra off.
-Leaders on the floor/ Leaders in the locker room- often can be two different sets of
I really don't like my grades right now, my goal for straight A's isn't going to happen.
good luck tomorrow. As Lil John once said..."Shots, Shots, Shots, Shots...."
Read, read, read. Read everything - trash, classics, good and bad, and see how they do it. Just like a carpenter who works as an...
Need a mini vacation. NO cell phone, no work emails, no resposibilities + beach mandatory. Please and Thank you.
When time is of the essence, crime may pay
So nice to see more trees and less people. I know you missed me, Detroit. :)
Today, for the first time in 9 years, I know what it is like to not be afraid.
Definitely "Swept Away"
Busted thru thumb of my right riding glove. About to toss it when I discovered~>it's now perfect for texting! The #evolution of stuff.
Can anyone recommend a good program to recover data from a corrupt hard drive?
#KickRocks Amazing People Interest Me... JHustle....
- "Frustration is just miguided enthusiasm." Thank you my friend.
The chairs in the conference rooms are too comfy...........
1.) if your a slut or some prostitute don't follow me. 2.) I love my followers that arnt that lmfao.
5th B is tomorrow, bikes.
And no I'm not talking about you, I'm talking about YOU.
Yes but not = b/c based on individuality: white man usually in jeans suddenly shows up in suit--"Hey, what's the occasion?"
RT : help me to inspire those.. that need inspiration... let my life be a sign.. of a coming generation .... "lord help me"
you are a stud!!! Great following you!
"i never do anything wrong"...haha... Man's Famous Quote
never say never ...even wen something looks impossible..
Is it crazy to think everyone in the office should have their own reusable cup? It would be nice if the company gave them out too.
"Its that if your ugly as fuck they'll never let you into LIV" ... So I'm guessing you won't be getting in then?? #STFU #GROWUP #DADE -____-
Yay! One of today's #Educator partners built a mission for student based on the and 2012 stamps!! #heritage, anyone?
awe,thanks, friend!! :)
What does that even mean? Let Oil companies run roughshod all over Florida so you can file briefs for them?
Awww...but ok, Imma go offline too! :'D Bye boo bear! LOVE YOU SO MUCH MORE THAN YOU'LL EVER BE ABLE TO!!!<3333333 :)
I felt like it was a swing and miss regardless of crowd
Totally last minute, but performing with Batala as a dancer with two other Gladies at the Clarendon Fat Tuesday parade!
haha i know but i probably will! And i never actually started till like 3 haha
So fucking happy I could die now.
I predict that the next disruptive innovation in technology will be wireless charging for handheld devices.
Happy Friday!!!!!!! RT Happy Friday <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Going to grocery store then coming over!
Apple Cup action! Huskies or the Cougs - who's taking the victory?
The most important factor in selecting learning toys for your children is choosing a toy that is appropriate for your child's age.
Arrived in Wales late this morning after a solid two days of traveling, and it is good to be here, cooking potatoes and watching Ratatouille
ENJOY your life!!
On my zumba flow this weekend. Need2 get this weight off 4the holiday. Zumba i miss u.
It's gonna be a long, productive night with , , and
You're Full of Boloney
You're ** clearly im
Prayers answered!!
For some reason, I can hear my mother saying "If asked you to jump off a bridge, would you do it?" Heh.
when will you post a chimichurri recipe on pinterest? : ) I may be able to provide a beautiful pic for you!
I've only been on Facebook until now. It's going to take some time to figure out Twitter. LOL!
14.I love music
do u like winners
says never stop selling yourself. You should always be market ready
RT : Two-thirds (64%) of US adults text. Text a librarian! Text 66746, start your question w/ calvlib, charles or stmalib.
a few people not from twitter and just the retweets from the Indians. Lots of people seem to say they've been more than once.
no i was stuck at that stupid pachanga thing alone -.- lucky mofo!
Red Line specials!
Want to thank and our NIKE fam for their support...nothing like being out of town w FRESH gear
RT : I'd like to take a moment to remind the world the US went to war with Iraq because Saddam gassed his own people.
Burning copies of the karan is as ridiculous and insensitive as building a mosque at Ground Zero
On foot thru #Hasidim of #Williamsburg best route now from #steampunk #fashion show to #neocon rocker at #hipster #Cameo 8pm.
i hope the sun shines, and it's a beautiful day and something reminds you
Got caught off guard wit the cutest txt that put a huge ass smile on my face..[and idk wht to reply]
The results for yesterday's poll: Will you be getting up early to watch the Royal Wedding? 100% said No! | PollMKE.COM
Awww...you'll be missed tonight!!! Safe travels back to NYC!!! RT good luck love you!!!
some excellent content from the LA Games Conference yesterday
What a morning! But my god shall supply my every need.!
I love it when the lilacs are in bloom. Favorite smell in the world. Makes for a relaxing stretch
Welcome and stay around and check things out often when you can:)
Austin Toros Draft party is @ Big Daddys Thurs 11/3 @ 6pm. Meet the entire Cap City Dance Team & be the first 2 see whose chosen 4 our team!
can u bring back please
Heh, Happy Monday tweeps--> RT : I was about to wish you a productive week, but I see that you're here.
Just arrived at my site for #rcd2012! My homeowner said today is like Xmas for her since we're bringing her some much needed help!
No no, you walked in and you're fired
And it's IN SCORPIO! Which is where my moon is, holler, and your sun. Please advise on appropriate witchiness.
These ppl need to go str8 up....i should be clocking out now
Omgee.all i wanna do is sleep.friday im sleeping in.
I'm addicted to "Swamp People" on History Channel. Incomprehensible dialects with names like "Cletus" shooting alligators = GOLD.
thank you jacob
For all you health nerds out there, Sebelius just walked in
U playing a damsel in distress? Isn't that typecasting? :) ... Ever notice u can say anything if u put a smiley face after it?
You need more than a handful. Two hands for each is better.
I talked to like 10 minutes ago! HSJCIDSJDDMDJDJD. Brb crying. <3
Okay i'm in a bitchy mood now.
Sorry! I didn't see that it had been set up already before I responded. A little unorganized here.
So the key to business success is to make it past that five-year mark.
Decomposition Notebook.
The Superbowl is on! What team are you going for?
You can't say something like that and not tell us what it is!
Soaking in a bubble bathh
Thanks to all the WW dealers offering our cable technology & to every WW fan for discovering more excellent home entertainment. Quality 1st!
"and my checks have baby farm animals on them, Biatch!" Genius!
ko real talk: Don't chase the DREAM let the DREAM CHASE YOU!
Just realized I don't even log on fb anymore lol *shrugs*
Just one low payment of $10! :)
Ah another work week.
can't wait to see you at warped in Orlando!
thank you!
i love seeing juicy ass tittys dam look at them
sometimes my heart hurts, like when I breath it hurts.
Why Care About #Bees? - Dr. Marla Spivak, U
You are always welcome :)
“ I Prefer Brown Skin Woman” too bad for you
indeed. Lets hope the next one keeps up the trend and doesn't succumb to the trilogy curse.
In case you didn't know: Madison's homeless are self-organizing. Watch for some very cool and inspiring things to happen.
next time give us a heads up tweet or something....
I would LOVE to be a yoga teacher while trying to be an actor. That or a sommelier. Or both... ;)
You meant heat flashes right? Because we all know librarians are dowdy, pious women over the age of 50.
i was gonna send u one but i didint know wht to say soo idk.!!! So CONFUSED.!! :(
"We must unlearn the constellations to see the stars." ~ Jack Gilbert
You can do laundry when you're dead.
You're always welcome, Ann! Thanks for telling your fans and friends about us!
Morning Twitters
Lazy rainy day in #Miami.. Someone motivate me please..??
If you are enjoying Motown week on #DWTS you'll love The Jersey Boys broadway show too. You'll be surprised how many songs you know!
Someone hijacked my Twitter account. If you received a DM from me, please disregard.
moderates is a loose word. I started it a while back, but others have volunteered to do the moderation. I'm a reader though!
finally a nice relaxing day!
That's true <3 ": A #Gemini will pin you down and tickle the sadness out of you."
I Just registered yesterday!My sister 2 month ago really!
I pledge allegiance to tha tweet
I APOLOGIZE to all these Bitches but a nigga can't GET WIT CHA, Cuz this nigga be gettin CHEEZ like if I was takin PICTURES!
thanks for the RT. It makes a day look really small compared against the year.
Watching game 162, how no playoffs or wild cards had been decided & it was the last game of the season. Bos eyeing TB STL watching ATL
's quotes tho. LET ME LOVE YOU.
would you lik to work together
Dear Ryan Leaf. Grow up. Do this especially for your parents and family. You have embarrassed them for a long time. Enough is enough.
toc bar and status lounge
um yes u are, we prolly should report you
im might be goin to the mall with my friend... if i dont then yeah
It is going to be a great year for my company Shin Do Kumate' - www.shindokumate.com
Is this day over yet?
Drinking sum coffee wit paches and whino....was aswesome to see the kiddos last night...gonna go do something with em today
Don't forget to check out Gonzalez Contract Services on Facebook! Like our page for updates on new positions!
If "you" don't treat yourself with kindness and respect, then why would anybody else.
I'll take some pictures for you! We got pretty good seats 4 row up from field 2 sections down from dugout. First base line!
Thought is was BYU's comeback
SAN FRANCISCO, yearlong 75th anniversary celebrating the opening of the GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE.
I think was married still, BUT I hear he gets around besides breaking up homes
Just watched #BOYFRIEND !! Is so hot , think im gunna love his new stuff (:
Spending the day at the Family Farmed EXPO. Learned about using whole animals. Next up is urban farming, then preserving the bounty.
"Those who look to him are radiant; their faces are never covered with shame." Psalm 34:4
Taking Back Sunday tickets go on sale this Saturday! Don't forget Jack's Mannequin is next Friday!
Rock candy baby...hard, sweet, and sticky
RT : #FF hey Laine, floats your boat, what makes your cookie crumble? GRIN, haha ;)) or blows ur skirt up?
Love us and like us on facebook. Post a comment & show you care. :)
“: Does any large LEA have a good understanding of effective parental engagement??”
Now following ...Love what you do...so glad we re-connected.
Ok time to go get sisi frome school, n with this back pain omw jesus see me tru it@ mercy for n me n all the other kids going hom
If you enjoy Rock Pop music from Southern California follow They follow back! i wish i could play piano!
RT : Goodness RT : tomorrow #StPatricksDay specials=Dublin coddle & cracklins, and Scotch eggs w/Sue mustard
that is way cool that you have him teaching the both of you.
oh dont worry. i already retweeted ur link to all my friends d if i like ya, i will do all i can to make sure ur cn, ages????
Rudnitsky just saved four match points to tie the third set a 5-all.
excel has a function that lets you take a line graph of data you have and extend it out to predict where the numbers will go
After all this unseasonably warm weather in Indy, I almost froze my tail off walking the dogs tonight.
And likely many cafetoriums and church basements of the present.
Leaving Akron OH. GPS says 342 miles until our next turn!
Swam laps at the gym this morning & hit the hot tub with some new friends at #LAFitness!
hahahaha oh wow
I love Wash!
": Is the biggest douchebag in the world." im your douche though
Calling your own shots is a blessing/Been leading Tha new school,no freshmen/ -Myrick Boy
OMG!!! is on Twitter?! I heart DJ Beat Boy!!! *swoon*
And the thunder rolls!
Busted my lip playing basketball today
that's so funny!
thank you soo much ur support means soo much
it was a perfect meal after class. I was thinking about how I was a Soph and the 1st day you wrote doom on my arm.. Yeah random
Gym Bound in the AM ; Goodnight Tweetie Birds :-) :-) :-)
A good bartender has a good memory. Acknowledging your regulars and remembering their drink is a great way to stand out.
There is a history (with good and bad results) of anonomyzing that type of data
ah...I'm soo behind but thanks
New crib new life no wife
I'm heavily resistant to twitter too. Still trying to figure it out. Trying to us it to bring attention to the play I'm producing..
thanks! right now it's a little scary, but exciting too.
Miss you guys!
I want a job where girls would hire me to see if they're boyfriends would cheat on them. (;
what chu mean by a cancer man will go down
Not as good as "Waiting for Goodyear".
u old cookbook bakin azz nigga...I told you you got the perfect profile....
I am overwhelmed by all these revelations/character witnesses/anonymous witnesses in the #trayvonmartin case. We need a trial.
Have a great Super Bowl Everyone and stay safe, use sober transportation!
walking along the boardwalk fantasizing about a romp in the sand 2day. i luv getting wet 'n messy @ the beach! wanna see just how wet i get?
All this hate is breaking my heart.#StopTheBullies!!!!!!!!!!!
Private Tweet - Do Not Read.
I haven't used any SAP products, but just about every presenter at #WISDOM2012 has nothing nice to say about it.
I can usually judge a fellow by what he laughs at.
Snappin on some Super Oasis OG about to crash out.
what happened???
Can I just say, I love Awesome wings, great craft beer, and easy on the wallet.
#SkipBayless is getting worse; his radical defense of some, radical hatred of others, and crazy theories just make me shake my head.
Thx to Jason and Abby for celebrating your Anniversary with us! One of our first Wedding Clients, great to serve the same dinner you had
lololol “: The only exercise I get is from sex. #firstworldpain”
I love my friends
Large percentages of travel all across the U.S. occur w/in a 20 min radius - ppl can easily bike or ride
So much fun!! Be sure to get your head stamped for a discount! Enjoy the fro-yo!
Crazy how a song can take you back ! <U+263A>
It's Friday. #PushPlay anyways! No days off!
80s & #Sunnytomorrow. If anyone is feeling "sick" suggests a glass of your favorite wine by LakeCabernet; repeat if necessary
True. Guess I'm just *done* w/ McGee because of injury past. Let's say I'd be surprised if SG isn't starting, but it's poss.
I've literally said the same thing for the past three months. So many guys got that #fratfat. Makes my day.
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS! PPL FOLLOW THEM THEY HAVE MAJOR SWAG
thanks, too bad ya'll don't deliver outside of :)
lol. IT IS BROKEN!!! also, have you ever eaten at another breakfast place? you can do way better than the hop.
oh lord I'm getting them too so annoying
not going to school ...
Pain is inevitable but misery is optional!!
Suggestion#7 Promise to think over your opponents' ideas and study them carefully.
Also, Amend 1 is not gov't interference. It prohibits no behavior. Episcopalians can same-sex marry and Amend 1 doesnt touch ths
Getting ready to teach a new piece of software this week. Always nervous teaching something for the 1st time.
Wow! Thank you for acknowledging my blog! I love your blog as well!
#OnlyGhettoPeople try to hold a conversation with you while they taking a shit. NIGGA I'LL WAIT TILL YOU GET OUT!
You forgot the part about her enormous, exposed rack. That's part of her brand, I think.
que paso
Have a great weekend everyone!
Unfortunately, we don't have any vegan options right now! But, we will pass along the suggestion.
#nowreading the lovely bones by alice sebold. haunting and gorgeously written. i almost started bawling on my morning shuttle to work.
For more than just a moment of truth between the lies told to pull ourselves away from the lives we leave back
#FLASHSALE: This weekend, book a room at Glenn for $99 and be automatically upgraded to our Dream Suite. Call 888-717-8851- promo LPR.
Just mailed out my mom's Mother's Day present to Texas all the way from Dayton, OH. She's gonna LOVE it! Can't wait to hear her reaction. :)
I always get the Linda's 7-layer fudge cake.
he will start crying in a few min
Yup ill b late for work..... So!
warm up in this library!
how can I possibly wait until December for the movie Les Mis?
this weekend was turnt down
Is #morningexchnge on #cnbc a part of your morning routine? If you're watching in New England, you'll see our commercial!
Focus Magazine will be at next week. Attending #photography seminars plus #collection seminar hosted by Can't wait!
i come home & theres a random chiweenie dog in my house....
Scary how easy it would be to blow a month's worth of grocery money on fancy cheeses at Whole Foods.
#IfIRuledTheWorld I'd bring God back into government.
Lol I was kind of surprised by that one, but I'll take it :-)
oh my GAD I love the title...all night long....hahahahaa
styling more celebs ... will be designing fr teen celebs soon ...
I think I just threw up in my mouth a little...
Yes. EXACTLY like Silent Bob.
Complaining to the prof about their workload & wasting time in class. In african studies. Go join occupy btown u arent going anywhere
come on mexico!!! #defense!
They can hop off my dick RT : Nike just watches how all these resellers racking in profit they want that shit too.....
YES! Our site will now be premium! We will have downloadable recipes and will be selling products! Updating soon!
i know this is late that was my nickname my mom gave me lol
we have selected a new Drummer and generated the requisite digits welcome 1471024 to the fold more to come
Ur the shit! "Back, like Britney" It's a no brainier to go off script, REAL humans are listening!
I suffer everyday
lmfao def agree with this RT “: #DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles The Good, the Bad and the Ugly”
Fall 07 comes to Los Angeles trip say this June? LoL. Sounds like fun to me LB .
you should be having a cup of coffee with me tbh
21 & Over here I come!! January 2012 Saturday Nights 21 & Over in Hollywood..Get ready cuz here I come
No matter how hard you hug your money, it never hugs back
I think it should be a rule that if you're going to the #oscars you have to have ashes dumped on you
Cardinals are hella salty now
Boy, why you so ugly?(;
Eckhardt suggests that #Apple deal would prevent use of TIF on LStar Rail stop.
awww. but I want to menace me, too!
so nice XD
Ice coffee road to goochland for Parent time new ozric sound tracking
Oh my, just downloaded "blu" for a twitter app on my Vista machine, and it definitely is pretty, very pretty... works well too.
Almost home!
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Good idea! RT : let's start that Instagram hashtag:
yay!!! Here we go brownies here we go!! Woof woof!
Just woke up.. And hungover. Haven't done this in a long ass time. Feelin like old dehydrated salty balls
Lol ikr ": lol let it go. I was kinda upset last night. I said who the heck travels???? Lol"
youll be alright.....
Getting glamorous salon
bitch DO NOT flatter your self!!
Yes we are a newer store, and just added lunch items a couple weeks ago :)
And You Will Know Us By The Trail Of Dead Bodies Of Your Friends Holy Crap Zombie Attrition Is On, Mofo...
Withhold desired activity (like reading newspaper) until after brief writing session
What an amazing day! We are "Reaching the Neediest" having delivered 2.7 million meals to North Korea & 700,000 meals to the horn of Africa.
why does Louis have less followers than anyone else...DATS MUH BBY
It's too many people to name but we'll keep going
Your welcome! Just be yourself and be positive and you'll do great!! :)) where's it at?
Left school early blah ):
Thanks for all of your hard work with the 2012 class. GO NOLES!!!
Schedule for the fall more or less locked. Now, to get my summer in order...
HA ha, uh
What's the point of haven all these fuckin registers if y'all not gone use em
your site is down
would really like to the democratic party get their heads' out of their asses this time and put up Hilary like they should've last time!
ur still in school
...Yes? Question mark?
Happy birthday!
thanks for the follow Carlos!
Oz's Ruby Red slippers are up for auction. There's no place for these in my home. There's no place for these in my home..
I totally did that for real. And for the very same reason.
Big up Surinan people. Today you all celebrate the end of slavery and the start of your independence. One Love ! Asabi ;-)
Badgers are classy while Oregon has to make up for their play with their looks
#FirstTake should be fun today because #LeBronJames fell apart in the fourth yesterday, provided that #SkipBayless is back on the show.
you are dictating the brain of my friend - love megan
I hate you!!!!!! :O you always get me in trouble!!!
Anvil 980 on special $2.15 plus screen printing!
WOW. How old were these children?
Wasted girl: "it's washed out at the washed out....haha....thing."
Does your senior loved one prefer to stay at home or move to a facility. Also address any concerns they may have to make them feel at ease
Hilarious. I second this motion. RT Tebow to the Pack... only if they give him
compliments from strange = nice; compliment from = awesome!
Great day to apply some inspiration
Thanks dude!
#20ThingsAboutMe I am a HUGE Supporter of St.Jude
“: All I want for #Christmas is a RT from , & ! Love you all!!!” Merry Christmas!!
hey sister! Crazy as always. How r u? How is galley?
We will never stop loving someone, but we will learn to live without them.
this dude going out wit my ex n he calling me a bitch a fat bitch at that
Goo morrrrnnning friends! Happy Friday!
how about a professional mix for the music on the HD feed? One direction overpowered by instrumentals.
now i'm gonna buy HELLA CHOCOLATE MILK SO I CAN DRINK THE BLOOD OF MY BOVINE ENEMIES
our forwards don't block shots remember.
wow im bored but atleast my dad sent me $75...im fina get a skateboard
Dwell as near as possible to the channel in which your life flows. -Henry David Thoreau
Draft system has been installed.... Beer, wine and sangria on tap!!!
RT : We need volunteers 2 assist with our weekly food backpack program. once /week/month, email us...
YEAH. THAT'S RIGHT.
A-Basin closes this sunday-- may 6th so get up there , get in that 100th day or just ride cuz after that summer is in full effect !
Can someone explain to me what Eraserhead is about? I have no freaking idea what just happened. A premature mutant worm kills the weirdo???
Now where was I...
Hey gurls im back. Are you watching the Voice? Omg Im so excited!
i just came home frome hospiteal tolday. had surgery last tues, went to sleep that night and hubby couldnt wake me next am
You are welcome! Have a great weekend!
That is a great pic. Gotta love SoCal
and thanks for the follows! We are honored :-)
Mr.Booty Leaving Me :( Omg....
We only lose things cuz it make u strong
#TheRiver is so messed up, but I can't stop watching it. Anyone else out there watching it?
Sex, lies and secrets in GI factors. Dirty brokers paid more commission with gender/ illness formula.
Agree. Many teachers r always on the look out 4 better ways of teaching. V have 2 make children want 2 learn
Highland brewery tour in Asheville!
That Brett guy? RT : Light is considered retired until he declares otherwise. Doesnt take much as I've found out a couple times.
cause I'll be makin paper like you wouldn't believe, and Im always gettin haters like you wouldnt believe.
idk!!! i dont follow him here...i follow him on my bieber account but i dont tweet him!
Explaining to my daughter how rocket launcher rof is just as much an issue of personal taste as make-up color.
:) do you have an I Phone
you don't call, you don't write, watssamatta , you don't love me no more?
Turns out that an advanced IS undergraduate class is much more challenging than an LS graduate class. Guess I shoulda guessed that.
RT : Only a few hours left to sign up for the FREE fantasy baseball contest. It runs tonight, and there's a $250 prize...
Looking forward to from speak about sales in the cloud at 1:30.
A big thank you to the Fox Chapel High School choir, our featured glee club today! They sound fantastic
Loved this weeks . The show just keeps getting better and better.
lets hope 4 a 30 point win.20 right now.lets make it 10 more
Anybody watch the "Stuxnet" story on #60Minutes?
Ugh!!!!! People power?? More like crap power! That is what is, a piece of crap!! :/
Not good at all bro.
Hell yea da west back! !!!
$5 DOUBLE Jack & Cokes tonight, with live music by The Imperial and special guest Molehill & A Common Engine!
you ready to mow!? And hey leave WV early enough to come to C4!
You sprayed too much perfume in the hallway. It smells like you paraded 1,500 hookers through here. -
When you buy a bag of chips, and its more air in the bag than chips...
Happy New Year to you too!
It's National #SalvationArmy Week! You're helping save lives by shopping at your local family thrift store. Good items at great deals!
Eating sushi with the hottest jalepenos ever... yeeeeeooooowwwwwza!
Can you shout me out?
it was a little bit where i was at. i seent it
Not like I can think of any of those, either, at least not before coffee
i hate when I get motivated at night but when morning comes..its like...fuck dat shit
I'm all for banning plastic bags but before we do that, can we invent a bag that doesn't fucking dissolve when carrying cold bottles/cans?
i need one more day to regroup
Talking bout you got yo power back. Really, did you? Are you sure you have not lost it playing with God. Man aint going to expose you. U R
I had a dream that Bernie Madoff was my barista at a coffee shop. I was conflicted about tipping him.
Got most of the shots done for our video Sunday. Got to do individuals now. And practice. Lots of practice.
My laptop dosen work!!!!!!!! Its been over 2 months since i wrote my story amd im srry for keeping everyone waiting but dhats dhe reason why
Yay! I'm glad :) did a good job with them
Appreciate the mention!
Going on a mini adventure and visiting the Providence Public Library and their Special Collections!
hahah! I think you're alright.
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
BRB going to buy a plane ticket to kings island on saturday to meet <U+263A>
Wish I were there, too, but at least has promised to convey all he learns to me.
i just got in troublee!
"We need for children to reach their full potential...we're at a crossroads...which direction will be determined by the noise we make."
Not yet. We've talked about making that connection though. Do you know someone there?
The Snowballs Film Festival is part of the Tenement Street Workshop-we're so honored to be part of this great lineup!! Screening on June 3!
All last night I was like "OH YEAH. I GET TO CUT OPEN A WORM. HAHA BITCHESS JEALOUS!" It was fantastic. ;D
We will be doing a catered event for a group of 100 Realtor's and some investors in the Portland area the 13TH of this month...
One pitch Prince?
I have so much anxiety about hiring a
Going to Tennessee to record this weekend! Time for extra long practices...
- stop by and say hi!
Thanks. Can't really say much at the moment.
“: on the real she better go get her shit..lol” LMFAO right if she knew better she'll do better
There is three of us, :P We're all from different parts, I'm Kels () & i'm from Seattle,.
Finished tracking the album!
I just love it when ppl say,"I have a dumb question." and then really ask a dumb question! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
and the guy in front of us must of been for the suns or just a really grumpy old guy!!! Lol
I really wish there was lightning right about now....(N)
No matter how good you get you can always get better and thats the exciting part.
God Please Dont Let Rick Ross Show That Stomach!
why is it that i think i need to keep the bags after i go shopping
Why the hell we got to have skool today I wish it was summer
Parking Spot chauffeur is driving like Swervin Ervin.
True love is knowing a persons faults, and loving them even more for them.
Follow all the awesome people we covered this week! , , , ,
Registrar & Assistant Provost announces app for course evaluations coming soon.
Anybody going to stay up till 12 to tell me happy birthday!? No..k cool. -___-
man i wanna come to the concert
what you doing lol
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe being bad at something.
Think positive... dealer about to draw on 750-AM now... $5,000 at stake for area kids
I think Mark Zuckerberg will probably laugh solid for the next 30 days. You think he'll have sex tonight too? How much better can it get?
Is it a good thing?!
I feel my leg going to Aleppo cause cj big self sitting on it lol !!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
so does bert
Finally out of ballet. . . My weekend will start at as soon as I leave this campus in two hrs
Netflix aint working during the flight :(
goes on more dates with than I do!
"Cause integration: social cause deeply embedded in DNA of company" rather than cause-marketing -
White makes my bum look big ? No , I don't think so . . .
we went shopping today at SYMS, Bed Bath and Beyond, and Sams Club in Elmsford.......had dinner at Pizza Hut
thanks for the shout out!
especially if it was on a ride home from Leff's after a win! Stupid rain!
looking forward to sun this weekend.
I need to hurry up and go home aggravated to the max
Imagination rules the world. ~ Winston Churchill
yesh omfg I had that feeling yesterday :/
Ah baseball! Can't wait for opening day ! On-deck series will have to do tonight!
Very welcome! We found you on facebook and are a fan as well.. Have a wonderful weekend and #zapcash is this Sunday!
Pay It Forward Friday <U+200E>#PIFF - I bought coffee for people this morning ! What are you going to do? thx's
This is from the news anchor! Traffic cams showing I-15 and the 515 bumper to bumper traffic for miles...afford that area.
My 8 year old cousin cracks me up, she said " rihanna should date lebron james, he never beats anyone" lmaooo
Unless we can have a global cap and trade, NM is not only "punished" ie cost of business but China's coal emissions will blow on us
Riding round in my new car
Transcribe from looks nice but weary of translation. How does it do with slang/dialects and different versions of a lang.?
# Ginnifer Goodwin has the cutest pixie ever!!!! wish I was brave enough :)
I agree! Having walked downtown the past couple of Saturdays, this problem is really being undersold. It is like a war zone.
Ok. What's up with sticking the dance mash up in a circus tent in the parking lot of
Going to go die my hurrrrrrr.
No Phone until after 3....its getting fixed...need me hit me on here....or the book
you could always hop on the bus :) the COTA is free with a BuckID
love my TEAM.!
Nap was much needed lol.
It’s amazing what you can hide, just by putting on a smile.
that happens to al of us
Wait. Is tonight's American Idol the finale? And THAT'S their finalists? That's just sad.
I just want to fight someone. Even if I can't win. #whosupforit?
It was our pleasure! RT : Enjoyed seeing my PDX gluten-free restaurant piece in August's Thanks!
"Are ya'll the company that images the whole shirt?" Yes...that's us!! When ONLY Xclusive will do!
thanks for the follow : )!
We had a fabulous turnout at our very first Technology Workshop today! And yep, we even mentioned Twitter.
We're in the home stretch...
Hey I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe?
What is the lure of comic book movies? Can anyone please explain this to me?
will do boo!
Lucky Dog will be at Petfiesta (Reston Town Center) on 5/5! Many great adoptable dogs to meet and greet, 10-4pm.
Im here! #RobertsGirl <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
I would rather stay in on a Friday night and spend with my husband versus go out. Event season is around the corner..
Now 4-2 in #Soccer this week and cash flow positive for me and all my clients, get on the list
oh I don't get that way -- mainly b/c If I drink too much water I throw up
“: Hot and gooey chocolate chip cookies and milk #yes”>>> gimme
On 101 at SFO it is raining.
cool cause I'm getting so pumped for this shit we going to kill it son
Is it late enough/to wake you up
I'm maybe going to eat this burger and drink a bottle of wine and maybe go to the gym tomorrow instead.
IT'S RAINING HARD AGAIN BUT THIS TIME LOUDER
For all that the netflix UI was better, I could never get #Boxee to show me my ENTIRE Netflix watch instantly queue. Not great.
Robert here actually took my adhd medicine today, so lets get down to business Gives a shoutout and we give you an audio out!
how did you felt by being in the stage of ABDC again? follow me,please? :))
i got tweet limit on my other account…..
Was really looking forward to it too. Been a long time since I looked forward to the O's playing.
RT : New report focuses on #smartgrid apps & 6 trends shaping grid evolution. Available to GigaOM Pro subscribers 4/21.
Some girl asked if Louis was gay on Yahoo answers. I said yes.
what is new?
Thanks!! We love our JABBERS, too!
OK #histtech #art tech & others: What's the earliest CONFIRMABLE date for use of a staple gun in stretching painting canvas?
Beautiful day in #Indy! What are your plans for today?
You know you're at the gym too much when you wash your face and scratch yourself with a callus
were the party at
#1ofmyflaws, I worry too much about everyone I care about.
Wow I just cant. How does your mom drop your iPad and break it. That's just messed up.
Be the leader and be forever responsible for your own day.
Hey I just met you, And this is CRAZY , but you are sexy, so have my babies (;
I think 's trying to kill me. Seriously. Look at his eyes.. am I the only one drowning in them?
We'd like to resolve this issue for you. Please send your e-mail information to & we will assist you.
Belfanz: it's hard to educate all students, and we're human. If you're told you don't have to, kids are going to get left behind.
My dreams made me want a baby though. Awe. (not till I'm 30) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thanks! RT : Happy Sunday and Happy #AIDSwalk! We're here bright and early!
thanks for supporting she is a twitter friend.
Way too early to have Christmas music in my head.
Thanks, Attila! Hope your week has gotten off to a good start. :)
who cares. Hope he gets off
Remember when I said I was gonna leave Tom Hanks alone for a while. I meant it
Received a "do not call our people" call today. How does he handle that event?
Can't win
Leading car finance website Car Loan 4U explains why new cars are so... The UK’s leading car finance website Car Loan 4U comments on th
I respect everybody until you give me a reason not to...
Had a ok morning now ready to get this work over wit......
On the phone with #verizon for 1h20min. Getting my issue resolved (yay!)...but is that a record? Sure feels like it.
Train derails, leaking ethanol in Pasco, WA. Watch the latest on
If you don't want to hear me complain, maybe u should stop doing things for me to complain about!
How was everyones weekend?? I had a great weekend! Checked out the , perused through Gear Co-Op! and went for a hike!
This is riciculous RT Disappointed re: no wifi in session rooms. Tough for us w/out smartphones.
I may make it a life goal to make inappropriate comments to as many bestselling YA authors as I can. I've already offended at least three.
Just know: everyone around u was once that baby. If they make a neg. comment, it is ok to punch them right in the jaw.
Why thanks - I appreciate the must #follow. Have a great one!
i've never seen the movie "The Notebook"
It's gonna be a long day. Inventory at work. I haven't been up this early in forever
Bored,bored,and more bored.i wish that certain someone would call me.
love and respect your mission
Bad stuff happens, revise, regroup, learn from your mistakes
Can't wait till this money start puring in man !
Yeah, but I had to pay for mine... and no one has even noticed. lol!
Miss my nephew <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
New office debate... to go to #Coachella or not to go?!
that is no argument
Class of 2013, good luck. You guys have by far the most ignorant and immature students ever. Hopefully Summer 2012 will mature some of you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
thanks, Annie - I like the white ink, too - very 17-18 C esque
NEWS: Since it's Easter weekend coming up for me, I'll be covering "Our God is Greater." "Pumped Up Kicks" is set back two weeks or less. :)
Thanks lovely! Hope you and are feeling better!
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
Headed to the BAY!
Must get a nap today.
I'm a little sad to be moving. I'm gonna miss my family even though they drive me nuts most of the time. </3
I might give it a go with Marcus' friend, he seems great.
When I get a job the first thing Ima get is X Box Live ._.
I wonder if any of the kids I used to babysit are still fucked up over the things I told them would happen if they didn't brush their teeth.
We were glad to have caught at The Haven tonight as part of
Just went to see dark shadows
Doesn't look like we received your email. Can you DM us you info & we'll follow up with you?
Prom dress frenzyy
Misty May has a great sense of humor.
omg Jaymie. How come idk what's going on in your life anymore.! This scared the crap out of me! I hope you get better! <3you and(c)
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite hoops tweeple: !
Black Friday will come and go, and is the best symbol of American consumerism at its... finest or worst?
#LastTimeIChecked , You was A Lakers Fan !
Turn up the music turn it up nooww
Did you hear about the cannibal that came home late for dinner? His wife gave him a cold shoulder...badaboom...
Its only 100 calories. Eat as many as you want they are health
The Alert's toll free number is not working right now. Pls call 210-492-5266 or 312-337-1362 for help with your orders. Thanks Sprint!
NP-LIL WAYNE FT BRUNO MARS MIRRORS HE KILT IT THE SONG IS SO POWERFUL
Last minute prep for my session. Come out to the Mobile Tech Platforms: Agile Strategies for the Defense Enterprise @ 13:30
I wonder who hm???
I dunno about fantasy football. My team is not good in that league even though it's put up tons of points so far. Horrible WRs.
$$$$$$$..small minded ppl always talkin about other ppl shutfa!!.
I just love how I can hear the West High baseball game from my front porch (sarcasm). Why can't it be an awesome team like Vols or East? ;)
Put KG, an angry Rondo, and a liquored up Tommy Heinsohn in a dark room, whose coming out alive?
Wow It is really windy out there. well goodnight love yalls
Love me some Zak Bagans! Can't wait for new Ghost Adventures tomorrow night!
Going to be GREaT night!
if you follow or favorite this tweet i will run down my street screaming "I LOVE ALEX"
Wow that was a great rehersal/workout I think me J Reed, r skwared & juice el tio hugo are ready for the show tomorrow at UCD, metro & ccd
pull some weeds, then it might look like heaven!
Dear Followers, Just wanted to say that this is not automatic deal posting program. Someone is manually finding deals and posting it.
RT : Cool idea: Fashion #Rock mobile truck for & Gene Woods Sin City Speedway:...
Thinking of taking the Chicago Architecture Boat Cruise at 5:30 in case anyone else is interested (picks up across the street)
Okay, the next step in my int'l attainment project wil be attempted ALL on R. *gulp*
More than happy to help.
Karma Karma Karma Chameleon. Song terrorism. Have a great day!
welcome to twitter!! : D
So great. Thanks so much for the heads up!
we will rock the MI hills.
I love my sons so much. I would do anything for them.
How come the shittiest cars always use "The Club." Don't worry dude, nobody wants your sweet '96 plymouth voyager.
An enemy can give you more insight in a minute than a friend can in a lifetime. How do you respond to #feedback?
Louis RT Guess who said this: "One of the highlights for me was when I landed the lead role in Grease."
Can u send me ur advising questions for non-traditional students?
what does that mean?!
Ozzie Guillen explains remarks. "I'm a f*cking moron."
Hiking and Christmas caroling in my car
BEst CC: Peri and the Piscon Paradox. And yes, it made me cry.
On set...like a cool kid :)
One of the differences I noticed between UK/US: in US all adults have sir/ma'am added. Shoppers use it w/ assts too.
What's going on in the in zone lol
That awkward moment when someone deletes their comment on Facebook and you look like you’re talking to yourself.
Do something greater than you and welth will come. Think about it.
Tonight dont miss as we showcase 3 of Chicago's top local bands! $7 entry :: 21+ :: doors at 7:30
|#quotes When we make college more affordable, we make the American dream more achievable.
Steel cut oats and #romandie? Don't mind if I do.
you bet we do that! All day every day
coo coo
One word "Stiff Arm"
well, it's unlikely to be stolen.
Got a Thai massage last night -- it's way less painful & more relaxing to get 20-30 #acupuncture needles!
And my God will supply all your needs according to His riches in glory in Christ Jesus. ~Philippians 4:19
Trying to climb the social ladder huh? I hope you fall and break your face.
are you a Sox or Yanks fan??
would you happen to be watching it?
Football references are lost on me.
I love leg.
Yes! Oh, let me taste your tears, Scott! RT : I hope you can hear me grumbling at you right now
TONIGHT at Drunken Unicorn #DirtyHollywood !! Sounds from DJ Skooter !! Come turn up
When women go wrong, men go right after them. ~ She Done Him Wrong
meant to say Monday! It is Sunday here in GA! Functioning wo coffee! Happy bday!
Girl:I hate u Boy:Y I'm sexy and u know it Girl:no Ur freakin ugly like wait r u changing tha subject I don't get my friend made it up
How thoughtful. After this shower surprises you with smoldering hot water it immediately ices you off with freezing cold water. Everyday.
u keep freezing like wat the heck i live in chicago and chiago is freakin cool!!! hey u stoped ( live at...
When I first saw you I said oh my, oh my, that's my dream. That's my dream.
That is why the clippers can't have nice things.
You ROLL Lauren -congrats! :-)
3/4/12 Female artist if the day #TaraDonovan. Cellular and globular forms that remind me of the building blocks of life.
Sometimes I just gotta let shit go and say "to hell with it" and move on
lmfao girl yu have a creative imagination but what time I need to be there yu know im Italian,black, and Indian
Good morning
I'm not wearing any pants to #audreyparty. (skirt instead. I know. lame.)
Poverty rate for non-Hispanic whites was 9.5% in 2010-- but over 25% for Hispanics.
": Wearing crocs is like getting blown by a dude. Feels great until you look down and realize your gay."
": Good morning." Gud morning 2 u too
Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday....Me and are totally gonna be jammin' out to at Castleton...
romeny is a CHAMPION--Champion LIAR, that is!! Couldn't tell truth if we PAID him.
Oh so you say she akkin stoopid? (sweet tooth voice)
My twitter has become a place to find out #TeamRochee results & stalk celebs mainly Dianna, Megan Park, & Chelsie. Need 2 get back here more
there's supposively supposed to be a shooting.
Counting down the days to the National Collegiate Relay for Life Summit in Orlando.
Wanted to tell you, by the way, I really appreciated your panel. Gave me buckets of hope/enthusiasm/imagination.
Deep breath! Presentation is over. Worked flawlessly from the iPad. Now I can sit back and enjoy the rest of the #EUCI web conference.
Single Roger. Single Joan. Can this please happen?
july/august 2012 - we're tracking some this month
Now that is using a private cloud, that same objective is accomplished in 45 minutes.
not right now, im tryna stay away from the cammera lol
thank you :))
RT : Charity serving their 6 millionth meal today at lunch time. WOW. Let's get a round of applause!!
Missed this yesterday. I was MIA. IF is one of my favs too. I love how well students seem to respond to the challenge of it.
Look forward to watching every Thursday faithfully best show ever...
Obsessed with
#IhateWhenRappers tweet quotes about not finding love. Maybe if you'd stop telling her bitch shake your ass...
Thank you! I spent it with Abbers and Mema... she & I went to lunch... it was great! Hope yours was too! <3
When my mom doesn't cook me anything -.-
Go Hawks! Maybe next year for the Cubbies?
Good Night Moon! It's been great keeping company with you tonight. Until tomorrow...
I love el grande
So at least in sports, when it goes bad, it goes completely south for me lol
Eric deliberately ruined this garment in the laundrey. I was under Eric's spell at the time, as soon as Ava was born the spell broken
The eyes did it first;)
yes but I have way more and way varied presentations compared to normal this week
I'm writing mine now. The Everest trip is part of it. Join With Eric West/facebook for daily high-altitude stuff. Thanks!!
I'm sad that you live in London - - I would love to meet you for coffee or drinks!
I sure will!
Let's recruit RT : Nice run with tonight! Could this be the start of a #RKPRrunclub?
um, well hello there handsome ;)
Alright, im so over feeling like this, like a straight pansy. Plenty of other problems in this world. time to #ManUp!!!!!
i just looked up my name on google the first thing that came up was my actual twitter scarryyyyyy
It's messy as hell though!
<3 <3 cake cake cake cake RT : Love when I get random messages on gtalk from
I also look for engaging characters, including non human or robotic characters. I want to be able to live through them.
Border Shorts-- the best of the short films made in our area-- at 130pm Saturday, 8/14. $2. plazaclassic.com.
gunna go see The Avengers ... time to nerd it out . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Glad you're doing well. RT : I'm ready to get back to work tomorrow
the Accordian man is playing the coffee shop today.
yeah and your cousin just got knocked outta way that was not cool
not NBA2K12? I need to play that for work. Plus MLB2k12 kinda weak IMO
#yobitv Anyone out there with here in his attempted expansion of the genre "sandwich" ?
omg! i tweeted about this song like 5 min ago! Its a sad song ): lol.
Don't not call me baby I am not your girl I hate that shit
i can take the car
not much at all dude! You?
haha least im not the one that's late this time.
were you just at lifetime...?
Mark Rylance Play, Written With a Favorite Poet, Is Coming to Minneapolis Theater
You only know my name, not my story. So dont judge me.
Song, maybe. None of the others do through balls like Cesc.
17 days until our shows!
I like his paintings better. A friend did an u-grad thesis on his novels--that makes two people I know!
Opening party for #mongolianvillage was perf intro to Hong Kong's FSHN scene! Highlites: the overdressed +asian cinema stars!
Kayaking: Carrie Johnson punches ticket to Olympics; Other American spot still up for grabs
To #Troll2 lovers -- you're attempting to reconcile why you love it, but, in the end, you're failed creative folk who serve coffee.
Political power is ephemeral. Just ask "Ozymandias, king of kings..." Only art & language survive, thrive, and are perpetually born again.
Bliss. just picked my shirts from the world's best tailor. Sadi 770-433-0954
Good morning
Every year I covet J. Crew's orange chino shorts, and every year they sell out of my size before I can get them. NOT THIS YEAR, J. Crew.
1st off this game is far from over 2nd this is a series.. we will win
I agree 100%
I believe in you too
Distance doesn't matter if we really love the person. What matters most is our honesty & trust for that relationship to work out.
Happy Thanksgiving to all our students, faculty and staff. Have a great holiday! MCNY classes will start again on Saturday. See you then.
good joke! And dodgers r my team too
m. Fresh, homemade Pear Cobbler just out of the oven! Hurry in and grab a piece a la mode with some Anodyne coffee :)
Last night I had a pleasure to sit in with the top Czech jazz trio-Robert Balzar Trio. Great musicians... Next week Hamburg and Berlin, DE
I gotta teach u a thing or two ! All These females are worried about is getting fuck!")
Morning! :) RT : Good morning twitter family! :)))
When #ChuckNorris falls in water, Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. Water gets Chuck Norris.
I'm Bad With Interviews Though....
today's soups are watercress & potato w/bacon and tomato w/parmesan
Ugh don't feel good at all.
Thanks! I'll get it there. :)
Aristotle recognized that success is one part a clear and practical ideal and one part the necessary means to achieve it.
ppl quit wen they R feet away 4rm the finish line.. Don't get caught up in the hardships of the race, remember every race has a finish line.
why is everyone reading beowulf?
you make us happy :) thanks for listening
News flash! A new batch of "Adios, Mofo" shirts will be ready on Monday!
furthest thing from a racist kid.
because Chik-fil-A is so awesome. We are def. lacking down here in South Fla!
I told it to & we both laughed. But we didn't win, dang it.
Howdy, gang!
Im Like The Girls That You talking Now Please!! Dont Be A bad Person
Savings Tip - spiral light bulbs
Oh god, this fat thing in class won't stop staring at me. I'm sorry ma'am, I don't go for whales.
followed :) just follow my new account I'm gonna delete this account :)
I blame all my bladder problems on Twitter.
Philip Rivers, you are no longer my favorite player.
I love water so much damn.
thank you for the amazing cupcake! Resolutions start soon. Soon after the cupcake!
Getting to know my new home real well
So many questions about Wisconsin Public Library Consortium while here at
not just good fantastic!!!!<3
Craig Finn solo from Hold Steady and Horse Thief ON THE SAME NIGHT!!! Get your asses to the Conservatory! Doors NOW! #IDONTKNOWWHYIMYELLING!
#HPTweet2WIN Everyone loves a winner
At work guarding tanker trucks. Thinking of Sarah, thinking of Wendy.
There are undisputed benefits for content blogging: more indexed pages, inbound links, website visitors, and social media reach.
It's sad to get hurt so much that whenever people ask you how you're feeling, all you can say is: "I'm already used to it."
uh im the one that told you about that awesome place and how i am always there (sort.of) cuz i live close. you forgot!
Thanks, hon! We're so happy you joined us and appreciate the kudos. It makes the sore muscles easier today. :)
Looking to source a DJ for 10/21 In Living Pink fundraising event at Non-paid msg me
Funny. When you look at the Des Moines Register, Iowa Caucuses coverage, who do you see most prominently? President Obama. Ha!
Last Rite rehearsal was a good one. Blessed to have such lovely dancers
hells to the yes!!!
Maybe a Dress Tomorro
'Rudest waiter' restaurant may not close after all A San Francisco Chinese restaurant once known for having "the world's rudest waiter" m
*Eyes slowly closing*
Moe's will be the cheapest #FatTuesday spot tonight--All drinks are $2 after 8pm! RT to spread the word!
RT Drinko De Mayo <|:•)) Tequila, Tequila!!
Shake your hips like battleships.
if the Lakers lose tonight I'll be happy
Which was the last movie you have seen?
follow me on instagram:
Don't worry, I'm positive you'll make it:) If you truly set your mind to it.
Allways Proud! How'smy favorite wine connoisseur!
hey, I just meh-chu.. and this is CRAZY ;)
This just in!!!! Afrolicious live band will be playing Sierra Nevada World Music Festival this year! Saturday June 23rd!!
Woahh what up ?! How you livin ??
Lmao I cant find mine neither bro
Slow down
Yeah me too. I hope they give him a lot of pt this year!
Damn lol RT ": in a trashcan? RT : oh look, how fucking convenient. I got dumped RIGHT before the summer."
YOU ALWAYS FIND A WAY TO KEEP ME ON. CAN I JUST LEAVE? YOU CAN'T KEEP US FOREVER YOU KNOW.
so I'm looking for ur fb and I seen u deleted it again lol
Great. Listening to
Got to love #Mayweather for what hes doing for the city... #Vegas is insane right now.
Good luck!
it was great meeting you today at the #RIT career fair! Hope to be in contact soon!
i get hyphy to that. Daaaaa fuck you going to sleep for?
Today is the birthday of #First#Lady Julia Tyler. She was the 1st First Lady to hire a press agent even though her husband did not have one
yea not fighting zombies wearing those black leather gloves w/that stupid hammer he won't.
uh great guy?
You win!!!
In a nation of capitalism, such as the United States, the only successful people are the educated, skilled, and owners.
GO NOTRE DAME BITHCHES! FIGHTING IRISH ALL THE WAY!
Thanks for tweeting about #WineRiot! Will we be seeing you there?
Even more jealous.
and once she reaches her breaking point, there's no going back ..
Albaneses thin crust & Crown Royal Old Fashion sour. Good way to end a great week.
Go puck yourself quoted by
there is a problem with ESPN2. It would be good to resolve your issues with the Tennis Channel.
. looks like a Musketeer and Aramis is the first name of a Musketeer. I like where this is going.
#GLEE. If you're not having and sing Barbra & Donna Summer's duet 'Enough is Enough', then don't bother w disco
hanging with Lex Geddings last night at #churchills...great stories n a lot of laughs
Watching "Crank" this movie is awesome!
Hey Brittney - congrats on your Playboy Cover! We're so happy for you. Take care - Nick & Alex
have a good one, bud!
twitting from the shop working on shirt!
Watching Tucker & Dale vs Evil. Haven't laughed this much in a long time.
You didn't really need my vote, but I voted for you anyway! :) Congrats!!
I did! Actually, I donating snacks to the school
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear is THAT your dick?
Love folks complaining how aren't playing in their backyard... TRAVEL! not to mention 2 legs of tour unannounced.
Stop chasing the hedgehog and read the new book by Jim Collins “Great by Choice” instead.
Chef Special: Herb-seared Swordfish, Shiitake mashed potatoes, tempura green beans & yozu butter sauce.
great photo. what a cutie. I have 3 dogs & 4 cats. My own little animal army lol
I'm sorry to miss it too:(
Happy New Year!!! What are some of your resolutions?
Where y'all at U need to be at Club Allure
Sound like you can't hang. If you wasn't so busy dancing you would be ok...lol
Had a blast with & on their ! Watch for it in a couple of weeks & thanks guys!
RT: “: I am a librarian. And no, I don't fear the future. So stop trying to scare me by saying books are dead, libraries are dead"
Say, you boys and you big shots up in Albany, read the history of Tweed! He got along with the Republicans upstate very nicely, too. [1944]
#milwaukee 50LB Rock salt has been selling fast and we have barely had any snow fall this winter!!Stop in and get a pallet for under $250!
if HappyEverAfters did exist,i would still be holding u like this.all those fairy tales are full of shit.1more stupid love song,i'll be sick
Think your cat loves you? Yeah? Try dying alone and see how long it takes for your cat to eat your face.
i must admit, this may be the first project that has ever really been daunting to me, lol
& i wanna go out tonight !!!!!
See you later LA, we'll be back soon enough!
I'm pumped! Just messing around on the keys and powwww
On vote in NC, Pres Clinton says "Gay marriage is a threat to marriage? F*ck that, my dick was the biggest threat to my marriage"..
Yes, when Time misinterprets unusual people, we will seem out of line. Bad journalism does that.
Great presentation live on AJ. Thanks.
the bitterish ash
loving "So Jaded"
singing Starships is making mine and 's lives
is completely regreting every second of pulling an all nighter. I can barley keep my eyes open.
if you're human then yes. Also, I need lawyer
i was told never to be late to sunday church...but with caroline that seems to never work out
TWO DAYS
Me too Tressle Coach of the year!!!! Love that OSU made the show though!
The goal is clear communication. I am less interested in rules than in making my ideas understood.
Just found some Cheese Nips in my coat pocket. Score!
Meeting my bff for a long-overdue catch-up chat and a glass of wine=happiest of happy hours
Oh my goodness.
30 mins left to try and win...
U LOOKED HANDSOME.... SOME DARE TO BE DIFFERENT.... U WEAR IT WELL... ;-0
When a guy calls me cutie pie !!:)
Thanks! I could not ask for a better web and graphic designer than Emma Walker Superb!
Guns turn ya boys into pussies, SEX CHHHAAAAAAAANNNNGGGGEE!
What a decidedly odd week. It's also day 5 without dessert. Can't wait to fit into those business shorts.
#OhioState announces $50 million increase in student financial aid over next four years, including new scholarships and grants.
they have swag
oh! Yeah I want that!
Thirty third and one third I heard the illuminated ones
Im Not Trying To Be Rude But I Don't Like These Mfs'
"I like the way you work it" w/
How many Peeps would it take to fill you up?
AWESOME!!! Love them. You DEF should :) xo
Why when I have school I cant sleep the night before??????
Can information radiators be too big? I guess if they are a fire hazard... Nah. (can't wait until the new 60 inch screens are up at )
I wish Rick Ross were part of GOOD Music because he would have done the hook on Mercy so much better. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
First stop; Coney Island of course!
#Goodbye im not kidding. I will miss you guys so much. I wish i could stay in washington but the rents are making me. Anybody wanna take me?
hey #hero #director master while you r in the #Atl for your Pilot, stop by and c me ! #Beer & #cocktail on me
We are rocking with the Mustang Amps!!
Back back Back back What!? Gimme 50 ft
hey everyone!
c'mon Hawks, fight your way back in the tourney!
Great day- Now picking up my new Michael Kors handbag <3
#Nationals Werth breaks wrist on sliding catch
All of the Small Business Owners in & around #Abq need to be aware and understand what their $ is being spent on at The Chamber of Commerce
“I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father’s protection.” – Sigmund Freud
When you get bored plan something special for someone :-)
aha. you asshole if you hurt her, im coming after you and it's not gonna be pretty.
Words with Friends must be run by Westboro Baptist Church as it just told me 'vagina' is an unacceptable word!
where did u hear 30?
I don't have a membership :( If I did, I'd have an endless supply of yogurt and lunch-sized hummus haha.
Steve was the father of Rev. Samuel who was Marjorie Main's dad
that's a lot of #photographs! I don't think it's true, =D
Fukk that last tweet bakk to the money who kumin to fukk with thug
Pardon my language folks. Sorry
Your recovery from Breast Enhancement surgery includes removal of the sutures in just 4-6 days.
Feeling good right about now.
only if the philosopher is doing a poor job of observing, no?
3 more days! #springbreak I need you so!
Photographer just brought in olive oil and bread after shooting an olive oil place. Am in heaven. All I need now is cheese. And frosty MD.
Yes all day
Lush Puppy fully supports my lazy Sunday goals. Not sure when (if?) we'll get out of bed. Bliss. :)
Just bcuz u think "cool" means to cuss and fight doesnt mean im going to cuz in 20 years ur gonna look back and wish you were me.
They're few and far between...haha
Not feeling it tonight
We have so much to be thankfull for. Life is so good!
#thingsparentsssay "because I said so!"
Nice hike today with . Saw a baby rattler on the way up.
No problem. It's my wisdom of crowds!
Thinking of ditching user centered design for association centered design. Seems to be much more in demand.
once Jared was at table it was either use a to or keep the to. Bo thought more important to have to than Jared in.
spent 85 on there today and I ain't even mad. anything to be BAHAMA MAMAS. 32 DAYS AH
ever seen a dot on the wall and flinch cause u thought it was a bug.
Mourning my Zags loss with a belly full of seafood, no dessert & Bored to Death
"Our winner-take-all political system creates a natural two-party duopoly." - gets (amusingly) wry for
how is it that everyone is so weak at once in isr politics? Only Lieberman exudes confidence and that just comes from crazy.
I say get whatever u can get.
we will keep this in mind next time we are downtown.
delayed response. doing camden and saturday merriweather, hope to see you there!
“: This test grade just made my day!! #agstat” seeing me should always make your day!
Just realized The Cars started up in my head because a friend drove me home tonight. Damn my mind, and it's need to reference everything!
State Attorney Lawson Lamar 'We know that Robert Champion died as a result of beating" not just 1 strike but multiple blows.
RT I want to cut my hair shorter I'll regret it.I want to shave my head and wear a #toupe for kicks.I'll regret it.
What a nice morning it is:-)
depends on the flowers...
It was hard. We loved Ersala very much. She was my best bud. But....the house is too quiet, so... here we go again!
#CMAawards ZBB always a beast. Bringing out Allman out for Georgia rendition. Killer.
does QM look at instructor behaviors or only the design of the course?
I'm hoping to practice hard to get into masters!
Hebrews 11:1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.
Guessing won't watch our "Last Day at Lambeau" feature in about 90 minutes on at 9:00pm, but will you ?
AhHa! not too far off
RT if u like Jessie J !! (must be following me)
“: Thanks for following me” the pleasure is ours!
I know I feel ugly without my hair
Done and done!
its WAY WAY better than pulling GREY! Be GLAD! RTP) what about you?
How sad, #hashtags.org is now deceased :-( So long and thanks for all your service! Their assets are now
You SO made her day, love ya!! :) She has never smiled so big before having to start homeschool...haha! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Hey Brian, appreciate the Monday mention! Have a great week!
Looking forward to game 3 of the Lakers match up!!! :) Go Lakers!!!
learn the hard way “ Tweet watching someone u care about will get yur feelings hurt”
I'm in this!
a few elite players can put their teammates in a better position to score and use them more effectively ( i.e. Cp3, nash, etc)
A drummer is a musician's best friend. (from a Martin Mull album)
Just wait until MLB ALL STAR GAME<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
can I have one of my baby Thomas<3?(: please&thankyou.
Putting The West On His Back
Now Jean Dujardin has even more smiktten admirers.
Great New Wallpapers..STILL IN LOVE WITH YOUR WORK :-)))))) absolute LOVE :-P
thanks for your support! Super awesome!
Am I supposed to see the commercials leading up the show? Right now all I see is a weather map.
Meeting at WPPI Energy in Sun Prairie to discuss how to maximize the impact of municipal owned electric utilities in economic development.
I asked about new album stuff. They said that they're writing and praying and working on their new album. I think so too!
this be
&no matter what i'm gonna continue doin me
My new obsession. Finding live versions of songs and watching them on Youtube. So much fun
There are rose bushes in my new front yard. Blissful.
I kno your body so well
I'm about keeping irritating clowns out of my life. It keeps my heart rate at rest
Okay, I will bow to convention, even though I loathe capitalized proper nouns and unclear abbreviations!
They Shaded Nicki
yeah really!?!?! We always talked during the summer while I was on vaca!!!
Someone talk ?? :)
#dope… didn't know you took that!
Former BC Eagle & Miami Dolphin #JohnBosa joins his longtime pal on the show at
I've Been living in ny for 200 days.
extra innings!!
Announcer: Super Bowl Champion Donald Driver!
Do you know If not, tell her I sent you. You are two of the most amazing women out here...
It's open enrollment! Successfully changed my health plan to include NOT getting hurt and sick this year.
a big OL' headache :( You?
It's been a long day...I need a drink <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>lol...or something right now
Who is joining us for this year's ? VP of Engineering will be there!
Experts Say We Can't Let Down Our Guard Against Al-Qaida - WTRF
Strange tour guide giving awkward tour of Lau 2. "You can go to the "Mug" if you want to get some coffee." Library scavenger hunt?
Too mad i stepped in some dogshit -_____-
You'll never plough a field turning it over in your mind. -- Irish Proverb
Thanks for showing up Melo
Howdy! Take a look-see inside the Pensacola Beach venue!
Intense eye-contact , Can you handle it , CAN YOU HANDLE IT ??
you tryna make a nigga cry
RT : Nah son ain't just call Iggy that did he?
Yes I know! I broke the 3 day cycle...had too...woke up at 11 am sharp Today! Getting work done, feel really refreshed! Thanks!
Had to check out #thinklikeaman and the movie is hilarious! Big congrats to and movie was HOT
I totally get it (I'm busy tomorrow anyhow). Have fun!!
Hahaha! It worked.
Yeah! I love it :)
great post! Also you'll have more time for volunteering with me!! :) :) :)
I can't seem to download the eMusic manager. I did step 1 but step 2 not working
Spirited discussion of MCLA teams at NCAA varsity schools just took place, confusion over details, will be reworded in Operating Policy
If you wanna fight it out with , one of you can come on my extra tkt.
Glee making me cry two weeks in a row.
did you open up the package I sent you yet? Email me your thoughts on that Notebook.
I hate coaching JV.
What the hell are white girls gonna do today? the phillies have off?
Quite possibly the most beautiful night this summer. Enjoy
Oh, no! that's unfair! You should come stateside to see them! I would love to see them at the festival in San Francisco!
I love being the reason class doesn't get out early #you'rewelcome
#kids Live shark feedings at Museum of Nature & Science at Dallas Museum of Nature & Science - Science Building, Wed, May 16 11:00a: What...
The United States is supposed to be the land of the free and the home of the brave.Where my people at? Look up! Speak up! Stop
NBA is finally back. Now I hope hockey goes on a lockout
C's car has been repaired. Still waiting to see if she will have a place to live after 8/7.
I'll use it with my future lover. Can't wait to meet him...whoever the universe brings.
game of thrones.
Thanks! Also, keep meaning to send you congrats on your partnership with the shop. That's very cool!
Magic Johnson is the man-PERIOD!!
CAPITOL LETTERS
yeah buddy
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : Jaguars super pissed after finally realizing the punter they drafted in the third round is a punter.
SNN will be covering the 2012 Women of the World Poetry Slam in Denver Live! It's gonna be incredible!
Leading Awaken in one hour. Fitting, I think. Lord, please wake us up!
WOW... BLAKE BATTLED for that ball and DJ with the Slam Dunk!!! #CLIPPERS down 2
Sunset drive through farmland. 80 degrees and windows down. Whiskeytown and Al Green on. That'll do, weekend. That'll do.
Ah! Where did you find that?!
i am now following you!:)
#Masters Sunday!
Happy New Year to you, too! Talk soon!
Perhaps the Midwest is not as susceptible to the gravitational pull of shallow "interestingness"? I could buy that.
you should bring it for Monday. Food and singing? Watch out #Eng9 !!
Happy Middle of the week! :)
Better results (Merrill &Morgan): #waal2012 everyone needs to be a researcher because data has to inform our work
Played Epic Citadel; I don't get it! Yes the graphics are great but now what???
we have jobs, duh! that's how we're able to protest on the taxpayer dime.
Q: hazard of linked data - what if what you're linking to changes or goes away? No longer have control over the whole network.
enters, wearing a baby?
Check your DM.
waiting for to come cuddle with me and watch the human centipede.
RT : If what you want is taking its time getting to you, you've simply got a little more growing to do.
Nice! Hope the move goes very smoothly. Looking forward to visiting.
Congrats to , who became a Canadian citizen today! Via
nice to meet u as well and yes, I'm in LA.
Enjoyed this week's show, esp. Bear's thoughts on thematic development in his compositional process.
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone, you may still exist, but you have ceased to live. --
are you in WI?
so much hatred for the song 'no regrets' by dappy.
the play I'm in opens Thursday, & my office is re-structing this week....um, awesome? hopefully so.
Who's up?
Don Draper's plaid jacket is a short connector flight to sideburns and 'The Dry Look'. Not sure I'm ready for that...
The concert was amazing.! Put it down in H town.!! <U+E022>
it says ur not taking games from me right now. :-(
Buying commercial publishers would be expensive. So is paying subscriptions So is equipping existing venues to deal with extra load
Sorry to read that. Thoughts are with you all.
i wasn't on sir
Finished a 10k & getting ready for some turkey! Happy Thanksgiving!
How great is that show?!?!
Guys, Please like Hear it From Us on Facebook. It's a kids webshow that I'm writing and editing. Next week I'm hoping to be interviewed. :)
tell your brother to call me i need to tell him sumthng .
Addicted to The #WalkingDead!! Can't wait for the next episode.
JSEDWARDS MENTS CLOTHING IS DOING A TRUNK SHOW THIS WEEKEND WITH ROBERT GRAHAM SHIRTS SAT. 10 -5
who doesn't hate school.. and I'm confused are you in school or not?
Millennium Laboratories Commends Florida&#39;s Governor Scott For Strengthening Regulation of Clinical Laboratories
I had Southern Tier's Raspberry Wheat once. Would choose Abita's if given the choice of the two..
Early good morning all. Very often following your Passion demands a sleep sacrifice.
I just earned the Pro badge on #Yelp!
I followed just for you(: now can you follow me?(: pretty please with a cherry on top?(: <3 I love you Alex!(:
good shot and yes that is U!!! not it
To many people undervalue what they are and over value what they aren't.
Great discussion happening on FB. Did Jesus tithe?
I got a free ice cream cone!!!
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
Congratulations to our client B&O American Brasserie for being named Maryland's Best New Restaurant at the gala last nite!
#changeisnt tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires
Dissonace got that bounce
a sense of humor is critical to a happy life. when you laugh alot, its like an internal massage
Isn't that your job!?! <3
Seeing Hugo in 3D tonight.
I have a real good feeling about today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Did we mention our soup is Moroccan Lentil today? All the more reason to visit.
Can't wait to meet up with you, Marcel!
: Indeed, she is!
IRS has Enterprise Data Model: 30,000 elements.
^ sandikrakowski: It wasn't your fault someone abused you. But it will be your fault if you don't become who God designed you to be today.
Ric(FORMA Grp) we got lucky caz VeroniCUN EMAILS agenda 2 Bob Moore. No mention of my Chilo CONtributions or my Uncle on ALIVIANE board
Seem like some ppl is in their feelings about LSU not playing OSU in the CHAMPS either way LSU taking home that trophy!!!!
Money-ning with David Ning: Finance Philosophy from a Wisebread Blogger - Go Banking Rates
WHAT UP MY DUDE hit me up I need a 16 bro
Ahh who was y'all playing?
hey what's up. Thanks for following me
the song u were looking for. The Jackson Southernaires No Tears In Heaven
SAME! Seriously, I dont understand it. I remember at least one dream every night its weird
I have 1014 tweets. This calls for a celebration.
“: I think I'm the only person who can take 20mg of Ritalin and then fall asleep <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>” Adam Sachs!
Hi, FotoStop, thanks for following
hey just saw this sorry! loved the mashup. Put out more and we'll def play it on our hip hop show - God bless
John 1 & Genesis 1 paralleled through the creation of light. "In Him was Life, and the Life was the Light of men." (John 1:4 AMP)
Let me get some followers. Twitter: GeoMonstaah Instagram: geomonstaah Follow the fam too.
The three overtime game was faster than this third period
Thanks for the follow & shout out! :)
tomorrow is Friday! YAAAAY!
going to bed!! Atlanta here I come (later today though!)
Excited for
did you get presale?
I'm tired of movies! Is it too late to become a chemist?
miss you too!
Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear..."Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep."
Eating pita bread w/spinach dip while looking at Josh Hutcherson and Jennifer Lawrence pics on Tumblr. Livin' da life.
I need inspiration to get crazy and raise the stakes. That shouldn't be hard in a fictional universe, but I am bound to realism.
hey we stuck with you during the qwixter debacle & price increase. but if you stick with , we're gone.
hello. Whatcha doing up and on here at this hour?
I find humor in all relationships
cleaning my bed sheets because of what jellybean slipped on them! Lol (;
so tired!
did austin move to miami??? D:
i love your voice(:
Tracy Allen Fine Jewelry is having a great Sale!! Check Tracy's store out at The Grove in Los Angeles for beautiful jewelry.
there are 4: Peyton Manning, Takeo Spikes, Keith Brooking, and the best, Charles Woodson (heisman)
Knicks seem to be a step slower so far but hopefully they can keep being aggressive & getting to the line now that they're in the bonus
lol. Sometimes it's to a fault though...
“: #20thingsaboutme 9. i never found my earring” id why I'm laughing omg DEAD
Good evening.., to all!!!`
Great to see you on Twitter!
Awesome! Have fun at the #GrandCanyon. Pls post pics; remember, if you don't post pics, it never happened!
So those cops that killed that retired Marine was cleared by a GJ. Only in A-merry-ca.
No, it's terrible. I'll Be There for You sandwiched in between two ballads? Bad.
My Week With Marilyn was fantastic, thx #SAGFoundation. If anyone ever liked Monroe, this bid a must see. Dual SAG nom's worthy.
Like, totally! They're playing Valley Girl on ! #LOVE!
Good morning friends its gonna be a cooler day today! Hope everyone has a fantastic one! Hope to see you tomorrow 5-8
More large companies following the example of using Social Media to reach out directly to customers.
I feel so sick, can I just go home. :(
Hard Rock San Diego maxing out w 2 parties on the roof, Summit/Butterfinger & IGN - great crowds, double revenue for HR
if people knew how serious hormones were, ppl would know it will never be that accessible
ha ha I do! I woke up today
Happy 60th birthday to Stevie Wonder, from all your friends at Sesame Street! (via )
yo I don't do spam to well
FOLLOW ME, FOLLOW ME TO FREEDOM!
What's your instrument? Hope you enjoy !
Summer Program is going camping tomorrow! 3 days in the woods with our favorite staff cook, Benita Page.
I miss non penis related tweets. There were a few right?
haircut, its pretty spiffy
Dont u wish tht u could send vinny fan mail an then he sent u one back saying i really wanna get to know u and asked letme get ur numbee lol
nah friend from tkc
I could pay my kid's college & drive a jag for what I pd last year :-/
was he nakey? “: Alexander Skarsgård is in Battleship so that helped.”
Yes shower! Let it be your YOU time & take it all in :)
A MAJOR breakthrough with one of my 8yr old #autism students! She read her first book OUTLOUD!!! I am so proud of her!
you're kinda... fruity :)
I hate grocery shopping
Tweeting from new phone. Aw yeeeaaaa
Lol well she's gonna find out cause I just tagged her ;3
watching all your videos all again i have them like all memorized<3
ok than tell hin 2 tweet a tweet 2 me
RT : it was fantastic! Drew and the whole staff were professional and courteous. Had the best meal ever in San Diego!
life is what you make it
50k views on "down" today Woo Woo!! Keep watching and telling your friends
win! And 3 goals in season opener = 3 new trees planted. Nice job!
Sleep eludes me night after night, and sickness try's to get its grasp on me.
Cheers! RT : Pretty solid first half, #badgers. Toasting to you with some awesome On, Wisconsin!
Why retweet if it isn't an endorsement? Then don't retweet.
: Hello fella! And thanks so much for the lovely xmas cards!! Hope all well with you xxM
that outfit>
I hope I never lose you...
Fucking awesome...this day just turned into complete shit.
Black and yellow on smh, this is packer country get it together...
Good to hear! Glad to know that you are having such a good 2012. I hope to meet you as well.
Oh gosh
America has over 200,000 miles of trail within our borders. How many have you hiked?
yeah, that's totally not creepy... ;-)
For as decent as #Parenthood does re: ASD, they just shocked me with their handling of #mobility differences. Shame on you, NBC.
my sister in-law is a nurse I can get behind that.
that sucks
it's been quite a long year
I believe in the #Penguins and the comeback. One down and three to go!
I wish bar it had gift certificate then I could take care of myself and everyone on my christmas list in 1 stop
SF is great! You coming back soon?
fingers crossed! Night!
Redneck Pick-Up line: This isn't just a beer belly, It'a a fuel tank for a love machine.
great meeting you both. Can't wait for odd duck to open!
Ozzie: "Osemele has flexibility to play guard or tackle for us."
How do we get that with the gov we have? We are negotiating with people who want to dismantale all of those things.
My pleasure Beth. Thx for the mention. Do tweet Ask Diane questions to
Well, have a good one. Gotta make your $$$
Looking to meet that right guy we have all the site you need at hottest gay chat. Visit us at www.hottestgaychat.com
Nothing beats using Twitter to track a tornado as it barrels toward your house.
I know you are, that's why I bugged you about it. Haha.
RT : Good morning Alabama - excited to be here for and help out a great cause.
Hand Jobs I mean Hand Shakes for everyone!
Spending the night at my hotel is anything but relaxing. How can u relax when you're still at work?
They seem to pop up in the oddest, most desolate places around WI, don't they?
He has grey hair, but he's cute
i need an IPHONE!!! lol
Really need some sleep ugh :(
before wasn't a trick. Stop thinking about that :/
This weather is perfect. I wouldn't change anything
Flipping out ok. You're ten; GO PLAY WITH BARBIES OK LIKE YOU CANT DO THAT IN PUBLIC. THEYRE TOO OLD FOR YOU
Christian Bale as Steve Jobs or maybe Daniel Day Lewis might have the intensity and presence
I can't wait....I missed the last 2 shows and watching them now, getting caught up. You're the best !!!
and those Sonics, oh wait...
I'm in one of those phases where reading is far more appealing to me than writing, and so, I get very little writing done. Help.
Of course! They are my pajama pants ;)
Hey and how about you TWO take a little off of your existing contracts so we can sign Nov, Lin and JR and
We can be alone/together
Finishing Metropolis. I wouldn't say it's a "must see" like Citizen Kane; I respect Metropolis for what it was, but it's painful to watch.
hear u, we r a small team & have 2 focus on quality over quantity @ this stage. U can curate too tho, send to .
You wanna know what's up? The minimize button. Spend a couple weeks in Fedora 15 and tell me you don't cry a little.
// yes! Same town new place
YES!!! More #LastSummerEverJam tickets coming up on #TheFiveat735! You want'em? - Dustin
The Platters, Cream #fatbands,
Nigga I'm faded!
Thanks for yesterday's RT, Kevin. Mucho appreciated.
RT McDonalds hamburgers contains only 15% real beef while the other 85% is meat filler & pink slime cleansed with ammonia whichcauses cancer
thats up top baby....so you single or cuffed and locked down by some lucky guy
i wonder why the typically pro-union colleges at my university are not giving grad students fee reimbursements? i pay $640 fees/semester.
Who's ready for the #weekend! It's been a long and productive week so far.
that's because they're great! :)
good tweet
Anyone else excited that is performing at #HootFest2012? RT!
just because he can make em doesn't mean he can pick em
I strongly dislike this kid.
"And I loved deeper and I spoke sweeter, and I gave forgiveness I'd been denying. And I became a friend a friend would like to have."
Riding the denial express all the way the championship. GO BULLS!
Never Look Back. True Fact...If Cinderella went back to pick up her shoe, she wouldn't have become a princess or found prince charming. <3
Tough to see Brewer go. Every time he touched the court he played his butt off.
thank you Mizz V happy valentines day to you too
morning sir
OMG! you keep changing your pic & in every pic you look so cute <3 and hot <3
All I need is one night of solid, uninterrupted, comatose sleep... But I'm up now.
Continue race and social justice programs. Include minorities and immigrants in contracting.
Good hair
You can use the following link to retrieve your life >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Newgrange passage tomb in County Meath was constructed around 3200 BC making it more than 600 years older than the Giza Pyramids in Egypt.
lmbo!! Naa being too thin is extra nasty anyway.
down. where.
I like you , you like her , she likes you , let's see who gets hurt <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
#NowPlaying - Don't Cry Your Heart Out
I can’t get enough of the Miami #HEAT & their struggles. It is hilarious. Do u think they are serious NBA title contenders?
sorry I didn't reply I was eating dinner.
Get it! RT : Got miles? I got 3. Way betta than coffee. Dressed & ready 4 this day! #The Discipline & The Diligence
Love the quote, and great to keep in mind. Thanks for that!
Inspiration can come from the most random things
Hey guys get those going world wide (: #mahomies if your a true mahomie then RT this (:
Let's see what's going on inside the mind of : IF I DON'T AGREE WITH YOU, U MUST BE A RACIST.
TMMK CHAMPS no big deal!
Headed to Oklahoma State football watch party with Dallas alumni! Humperdinks on Greenville!
Be yourself. An original is always worth more than a copy.
Brady wins 3 superbowls and 2 MVP awards but is seen as weak because of his wife's email? How do we define strength these days? FU NY POST!
Honestly I Think Mona Is "A" . #PrettyLittleLiars .
don't get sea sick bro!
Hi too
Hormones. Never mind the mustache
It's a Nacho kind of Afternoon.
crushin' pretty hard
Got an unexpected visit today ... still :) then KDC came by. Not sure what's goin on with us anymore, but I still love him regardless <3
big questions here in this small ICC room.
RT : Let's go Lincy! Help yourself out!
LOL, what kind of music?
Good lunch with Great people yesterday...
back to Ohio from L.A. On April 24
bc I was blessed ... lol jk I prob. Know who u are talking about though
#word #andbooks ;) RT : The most interesting people are always at Half Price Books.
I came up with that pretty fast...as they say, speed kills. :)
Minimum 30 minute delay. Earliest we will resume is at 6:30pm. Stay tuned for updates
yeah, damnit i can't remember his name now... he came up from A on fire, then couldn't get a hit for anything... drawing a blank
Just tried it - no fish taste! Lots of people here took samples so I'll let you know any reax. Thanks!!
whatever you do just dont tell me you love me
“: Don't make eye contact with them they will stare at you” lmaoooo
It might officially be time to decommission the fire escape for recreational use.
congrats on the launch -- it was a long wait to see what you've been up to!
Have a lovely Saturday Sybil! :)
Great job Christian. A great cause as well :))
My mom told me if I died, she would get my Mac.
I spray perfume from my neck down to my legs. I like to smell good from head to toe
I need a W to win this week! I'm pulling for Danks a bit more than usual (if such a thing is possible)
#youwerecooluntil you hated on
you don't want to know.
We'd love to have you come up! RT I think I'm driving up for a game :)
If anyone ask me to choose between Jonas Brothers and One Direction...I'd rather choose neither. I love them both. So much.
I expect to see pictures on instagram ;)
Wait.... do people actually eat at Quiznos?
you woke up single? Damn! Ha! I'm sad I'm not going too! But watched out Colorado! That state isn't going to know what hit them!
In fairness, I'll accept either amount if anyone wants to deposit it to my bank account. ;-)
a private social network for businesses. kinda like a Facebook group.
Oh wow still lots of snow! Gorgeous!
Davey at least has him on a leash tonight, wising up. RT : Burnett warming as H-Rod falls behind 3-1 to Maybin.
What about flour?
Thanks! I was just reading about that one! :)
Me too Meg! Most of those spots are gone now. Replaced by places with more sophistication, healthier, not as much grease or grit!
The last tweet from such a powerful story!
lord knows i only have a handful
AWESOME!!! Thank you all!
No Nikki. No.
#MW3 comes out tomorrow, who else is going to be on it? Haha if you're going to wait in line tonight why not grab a $1 #Bartab drink before?
If shampoo is not according to one's hair type then it will also create problem of hair loss
that was no accident! He was giving a demo of what happens after church.
good for you
No, but I did convince him to take a short lunch and go home early!!! LOL! Meet you at Via SOON!
god i cant believe harry took the time to fuck a girl he met at a club but didn't even acknowledge of the fans being there
ah got it.
If one more person asks me,"I thought you graduated?" I'm punching them in the face
That's really cool,Is it home based or at a location? I look forward to maybe one day working together.
Great to meet you @ the #RecruitMilitary job fair & learning about
#IfTwitterWereHighschool there would be a lot more drama
Will be presenting at LA Joyce conference Monday on "Ulysses Emergent"--a paper on reading Ulysses as a recurisve magazine serial.
Thank goodness Brown skated away from that.
My moms going to be waking me up early tomorrow. so goodnight & God bless. ALSO Congrat 2 my cousin 4 gettin 1D tickets!
Wow...this #Miami #Heat thing has people making this a racial debate. Currently listening to two guys going at it on the bus. WTF!!!
Days like this one wants to just chill & relax with a special someone!
Who watching X-Factor????
What time is it when an elephant sits on your car? Time to get a new car.
Can't sleep /:
I miss my boo tho :/
THE BEST MOTHERS DAY:)
I don't think I've ever purchased "Kobe beef" but practically every restaurant has it listed. What are people eating/paying for?!
In the quiet isolation of my mind, truth show itself through patient, honest listening. It is there I can craft my own path & own salvation.
I'm scratching my ear
Now: Imagining Class in America and American Studies -- packed room!
Sarah Palin Commissions Weird Al to write a parody of "Brenda's Got A Baby" by Tupac --- "Bristols Gotta Baby"
not out.. In general. Drinks soon!!
people who don't respond to trades.
Hooray! It's Opening Day!!
Now this is what #Buffs basketball looks like. Hopefully we can play 2 halves!
“: Tannehill is already twice the QB Marino ever was. #Heh”
maybe #inspiring others if she makes it on NBC's America's Got Talent
Good call.
What a day what a day no coment. Time for training....
Don't wanna go
lol confused about what
Yes, he was surprised that source code -- not images or other typically larger IP files -- was taking so much space.
RT : Only 30 days until commencement. What is left on your bucket list to do at #UWM?
"Either Way" - Absolutely Amazing! I'm so jealous I can't write a song like that. I get chills when I hear the song.
super stoked about this friday in Chapel hill with
Yum! My building smells like grilled food and tator tots. Not the motivation I need to go running!
#TeachTwitter hi everyone sorry I missed this session taking care of my Dad in hospice facilty
I haven't passed one APUSH test this year, there is no way in hell I'm passing my AP exam next Friday.
You deserve better than a lie...,
Life is what we believe it to be, and as beautiful as we make it. It's human to give in now and then... The idea is to learn from it.
Ahh yeah, I feel your pain. I decided to stay home and stay there all of august instead.
RT #Huguely defense is done except for medical testimony.
you're welcome doll! Yes text me
springtime cold and allergies have really cut into my social media activity.
Thanks for following, C.S.!
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries. A. A. Milne (1882 - 1956)
. i hear waving a bible and speaking in tongues gets you 'entourage' access.
those will get you tight!!! and you can work on them all day
since when?!
I know lol
When she talk I always listen but when I talk it seems like what I say isn't important enough for her to at any attention.
Fun tweet up!
Thank you
that's so silly!
what time??
if u not seen green... better be wearing red!!!
I find myself changing the channel whenever it's tuned to MSNBC or FOX News b/c I feel like watching it is just encouraging them.
haha yeah batman! Pizza :)
POSTURE CHECK!!! Sit up straight! Abs in, chest up, shoulders back, head floating high <3
Bubba Watson just won the masters. Can I get a Hell yeah.
just the first time i've admitted it publicly.
The City Farmer: Learning Farm cultivates minds
- Thanks for the RT! Looking forward to Milwaukee Day! :)
PLEASE PLEASE WISH ME A HAPPY-BIRTHDAY TODAY OR FOLLOW ME!?:)
Hopefully I'll get closer that way next summer. Would love to play MoROCKo ;)
It might be a big deal if the game was televised
Remembering when I was 8 & flying 1st class on & I had the same seat! In the end, I got the seat! Thanks, Jay!
OMG! Adorable!
DQ doesn't deliver, but does...
Prepared for the #OnMedia conference today here in #NYC. Excited to learn about all these cool companies!
LOVE THIS: "Everything will be alright in the end. If it is not alright, it is not the end."
its better than english, trust me. ooh she's bending over!
80+ Sunday in Vegas…and Im inside watching Thor cuz said if I wanna see Avengers tn with the big boys I had to do my homework
yes - they are starting fresh so I make a point. for me I need to redo my habits
excellent photo. more pics please! Thanks.
35k at 1/2k about 10 ppl from itm. Wish I didn't take some high variance lines early in the day. Not much room to maneuver on the bubble.
oh its a pretty sweet job, I tell you :p.
Listening to give us social media tips at
Asm. Block speaking on AB 648 commutation notification legislation!
Fears keep you from living your life to the fullest. Overcome your fears and finally start living.
Morning!!! Getting ready to leave for school!!
Thanks bro
Forgot my hat today, so I got my vitamin D for the day while waiting for the bus.
thank you so much. we appreciate your support.
I don't know why! but I also don't know why not.
Mickey Rooney in Night at the Museum reminds me of Hank Hills dad.
ESPN Zone :) and I cut my foot and it is gushing blood....
Tweet me BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE and I'll RT it! -J
Yanni?? Really. Real famous. Check out YouTube.
Church #sucks. -But my grandmother is 91 years old and she wants us to go.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 41
Start building a community around your videos, by commenting on other people's videos. The more you post, the more you get back :)
Sweet. Unexpected chocolate Santa in desk drawer makes my morning.
Home/Business automatic standby generators starting at $ 79.00/month
Morning- yes...he's real....thanks for the heads up.
I wish I could tell her how much I
Got a story for you...check your inbox.
Anybody who knows me, knows that I'm A "FASHION REBEL"
Jindal lost it the day he did the rebuttal to the state of the union speech a couple years back. He's terrible.
nail glue ruins your nails!
Sitting out infront of Dairy Cream like a derp ):
A Boeing 747s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.
without football summer would be terrible
Mike Emrick's going to be lucky to have a voice after this series is over.
Your killing me today bro! My coworkers are going to put me out for laughing so hard at these topics."MEN AIN'T SHIT!!!" LOL!!
okay thank goodness! Thought we had to get married for a sec. I was almost on my way to kay jewelers <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo its easier to tell a lie then the truth trust no one
lol super cute
OH: let's see if any hot chicks called me. -
Hey Brian! Hope all is well! Will be in L.A. for Allstar weekend-doing a few events-lets talk this week!
BellBrook Labs: iuvo Microconduit Array Platform enabling high-content, functional cell based assays.
I know I thought my windows were gonna blow out!
Maroon's 5 new song >>>>>
I'm glad I don't where skinny jeans cause it's hot outside
Sell crazy someplace else, we're all stocked up here.
~I have discovered in life that there are ways of getting almost anywhere you want to go, if you really want to go~ Langston Hughes
thanks. I'm kind of serious about it, actually. But I have to write two books first...
Tonight!!! The DISCOUNT HEROES Album Release showcase at !! Get there by 8pm to catch all the great acts & support The Heroes!
Fast five >
This is going to be a HOT CONCERT
Say it ain't so! RT BREAKING: 'American Bandstand' host Dick Clark is dead, according to spokesman Paul Shefrin
good luck to at the American Triple T. sorry I'm missing the fun!!!
Has anybody else been getting flooded with event invites? It's starting to get ridiculous.
just let russian father know who make you mad, and he will beat them up(:
I treat my baby sister like a princess ^_^
Follow : #Giveaway Alert! Once we reach 7,750 followers, a random follower will win this prize pack! t.co/XMACfBd
Tapestry was distributed during QRT. Come get one in room 176!
Congrats to Gary Johnson for getting the Libertarian nomination yesterday. I'm not gonna vote for you, but congrats nonetheless.
Someone from Roby College (Liverpool, UK) tried to sign me up for Facebook. Thanks, but no need for A-Levels now! Wrong country, wrong age!
Please let this FTP/Stars news be true. Having a day called #blackfriday is bad enough, really don't want to deal with
what's the deal with McDonald's and their bootleg nugget sauce.. Too many choices..I think i might try to be adventurous
i love sleeping, & waking up not tired. cause usually im still tiredd.:b
Guess I won't have to Apologize anymore.
ah do I get to see you tonight?
Dear men who wear skinny jeans, ...but where do you hide your penis. Sincerely, confused.
got the first four seasons of Friends on dvd in my easter basket... guess I'm not getting much done
If Chris Mann or Juliet Simms doesn't win The Voice I'll throw a fit.
I wouldn't even be able to move in that -_- I just don't get it
Who wants to skype?!
Hi Aileen! Thanks for the RT ... still waiting for your responses (nudge, nudge, nudge). Give my regards to Pikes ;o)
#rbms09 There's still room on some of the tours for the preconference. Come early, stay late and play!
You're one of the best dudes on Twitter! Thanks for all the compliments & support. It means a helluva lot.
Just read it somewhere: "I like having two men at once - one cooking, one cleaning"
don't think I'm to that level but I can jam to that mos def
University of Maryland University College just sounds like a scam
best #grammy comment so far. RT : now if it was al jourgenson and brian wilson id be impressed...
She bled on my covers and then lied about it
It is. RT ??? MT issue ISN'T about same sex marriage. its about the KIDS they raise grow up thinking Bible is a LIE.
Hey, Andrew Luck, as an architectural design major you must have an appreciation for the arts. Once you've settled in, let's get together.
Smh @ the Bobcats blown away by the Wizards by 30. Thats got to be the worst team in NBA History stand up "73" Sixers!
Well, he IS also the QB.
Bout to watch this game
Did I mention we're having an awesome garage sale this week? Starts tomorrow!!!
Off to greenbay tomorrow to see the packers tailgate 1st of course
Hey who won the treadmill bet, or are you still running?
Getting back to the gym routine... Havent been in 2 months..... E
Leftovers make a great #brownbag -- chicken, couscous and a snap pea, carrot and spinach salad. Yum!
At bruce tonight with izod nj
Thanks for the tip!
Imma Need Some More Followers ! (: I need to be in the 1000
get a f*ck-it bucket! They're the best ;)
Lethal Weapon , Beverly Hills Cop, 48 Hours are some of my favorite cop movies yeah.!
Will miss your commentary. Hope it goes well.
I would say using PBL, but not much in class PBL + less stud-directed and more teacher-paced.
I must do something' always solves more problems than 'something must be done.
I only get one quarter at rosedale, and I can finish all of my finals for this year. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Going to see The Five Year Engagement with the curly head, Is this movie any good or should we see something else?
One day, you guys will be so glad you knew me. There's totally gonna be an open bar at my funeral!
It all works out at the end. Deep. Breath. :-)
lol I don't know. I am considering the pretty long hair style with the ends curled.
Tired and fighting a cold. :/
That nigga try to act Mexican shut the fuck up fake nigga
#LatinAmericaNeeds1D :B We love you guys! #UruguayLoves1D !
It's like a sauna in this building today. I fore see much water drinkage today.
EA Sports...It's in the game!
I know! What the heck?? RT : so sad I missed you the whole time you were here!
" APRO.PK " Will give me much love over this week can't wait...
trying to motivate for scanning new 120 negs fresh from the holga. maybe i'll grab a bite of breakfast first. yeah, yeah it's 11. so sue me.
trust me, the first 3-6weeks after baby is born, you won't want to ;)
Just got my new Asics from ! Going to run it out later and enjoy this beautiful day :)
Awww Vinny Believes That Every Girl Is Beautiful <3 =)
I'm in buf for #Tso. I have something for You is here too!!
yepp i know.. Soo what's new? Ha I'm bored
It takes some balls to put a new episode of #CelebrityApprentice up against The #Oscars. Thank you
thought Aries/Ray was fantastic and both the tag title/AJ vs Angle were both good - very good. Everything else has been blah
OH NO! tweeted a quote?! This is certainly cause for an uproar! Or maybe it's good that she isn't narrow-minded. <3 physicists!
Morning Indy PEEPS!!
hello world.
alright sounds good
Thank you! It's still a work in progress, but we're getting there! :D
Great use of that Aznavour tune.
nothin. just kickn a$$ and not taking names....(too busy kickn a$$ ;-)
RT : Tony now offers free computer training at www.teachanolddognewtricks.com.
I am a woman with a plan. I love having a plan, even if it's a vague one. I've been without one for a while, so this feels extra sweet.
great ! take care :)
Great, gotta wake up at the crack of don to freaken take a practice SAT test, just the way I wanna spend my Saturday morning.....
“: Pretty sure 's twin is dining at Wild Wings right now... #awkward” lies.. David Beckham is not at a Wild Wing.
Night night twitter! !!!
thank you for donating to #ToysforTots!
wow dude ! Zayan (hwevr u spell his name) voice !
AUSTIN MEXIXAN MAHOMIES NEED YOU PLEASE CAN TO MEXICO <3
It's only 9 am, but I want a burger so badly
hey boys how are y'all doing
Does only the president get to have composite girlfriends??
i help u, u help me broski
lmao what I say
#Educators best part is when a student sees me in a crowd and yells out: "she is the best librarian ever!"
- Sounds like a lucky guy on the other end of that thought...
tweet us when you get here and take a picture from a birds eye view!
It’s easy to make a buck. It’s a lot tougher to make a difference.
We suggest you hit up for access to Rain, Moon, Ghostbar and Playboy Nightclubs....great for your bachelor!
Today is our first ever Qualifying Paper Symposium celebrating work of graduating students. Should be great event with interesting projects.
Just made pancakes(: Want some?? Lol
was a rather lovely drive! straight farmland where we were, but pleasant nonetheless
must've hung out with with this weekend because he's killing em w/ these #yeahitjustgotreal tweets.
On My Yoga Flow! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><U+270C>
he is also on 405N every morning on the overpass outside the VMAC wearing a Hawks jersey....
Our new office Mom brought soup for lunch because he has a cold. Gotta love our McFarlane family!
Alternately a too-predictable move-set and too strong on low post-attempts to beat Ibaka.
Going to workout gotta maintain my bombshell angel bod..
no your fine haha
You're NEVER ON SIR.
whoop see you there !
so apparently i wont be seeing you today :( which really upsets me! but i will see you when i come back! remember to tweet to me
great work!
I don't mind touching them or dealing with them in my garden. I don't even cringe putting them on a fish hook, but no eating. :P
I don't believe in depriving myself of any food or being imprisoned by a diet.
word bruv. Let me know how's the yellow trail out there
Adairs Saloon tonight! Music starts at 9. Come party with us!
"The rib is the shell and the heart is a yolk, and I just made a meal for us both to choke on..."
I think your twitter account got hacked. I just got a dm from you that looks really weird.
Get paid for drinking mocha!
chyllin man we got this video droppin soon
Its how I keep the lawsuits away
thank you! How was your weekend? It is so gorgeous & sunny in #Seattle lately!
JUDGMENT AT NUREMBERG -- SATURDAY SHOW SOLD OUT. ONLY 5 performances left!
that seems like the worst reasoning in the world. Also, I despise the library.
ahahha I keep it classy with MM
What time is the show!?
u at duh hize??
thank you for your follow... and your dedication and sacrifice for our country!
Thank you , , , and all our friends and family for a great night!! Whew!
We Are the Ship, Miracle's Boys, anything by Laura Ingalls Wilder, Copper Sun, anything by Mike Lupica (sports & youth)
The OPL's Michael Riordan and presenting Drop2Print, with working demo and iPhone simulator!
Kitkats and gatorade for breakfast. I'm gonna regret this haha
Shout out to my nigga
Related to that last tweet: library budget cuts during the same period in the same county. Grumble grumble.
Can't sleep.......so I've been watching Buffy on Netflix.
Spurs earn the Western Conference's top seed. Go Spurs Go!
A fan is reading this, but a Mahomie is RT'ing this. <33
Haha I suppose. I have no idea what it is or where it is. :-)
Hey Philly! Instead of a soda tax, I'm willing to vote for a Use Your Dern Turn Signal tax. I mean, c'mon people.
Should vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Voluntary home visiting programs help single, young mothers cope with daily stresses so they can be a better parent.#1560 reasons
it was my pleasure. definitely hit us up next spring.
you are really nice.....too nice.... hm.... and who says it was a sarcastic hug??? Huh? Huh?? Exactly!! So ha
hello kirken, hey LA
Need someone to txt. Who's up?
I Need to Speak With You Please if you dont mind : )Im LiddoMissMunchie im from the neww group Swagged Out Girls .
I told you so!!!!!!!!! Haha! But look at who never believes the little guys! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080> I'll pray for you! :)
I think about last night we so damn freaks lol
11 and 1/2 more days of a school
RT "When it rains, it pours." -Shitty weatherman
Goodnight twitter (:
Anyone who would pay $65 to see Chris Brown at the Rose Garden is a fucking idiot.
Oregon's #wolf count now 25: Trail cam captures young wolf of the Wenaha pack no one saw before.
korean fried chicken -- seoul sassy
Good Neighbor Next Door Program Helps Teachers, Firefighters, EMTs and Police get into new homes
Tweet our pic bro! ;)
a secret about me most dont know.I dont make a fuss on my bday,but appreciate surprises:).most important 2me that it comes from the heart.
Come out to PCH tonight at 8 for a sweet dance and lesson with Mark and Sylbie! DJ Nate the Great!!!
you too, darling! :) loved the glasses hehe. Let's get together soon!
Whilst I was multi-tableing stt's last night at the same time a lad I know was being hit by a car. Puts things into perspective.
Hope everyone is having fun at :)
Natural stone requires periodic proper maintenance by trained professionals.
Re-RT : Stumbled upon tent b/c singer gorgeous Bjork-like voice booming down street. Look her up.
can i use some of those quotes in my post game post?
RT if you cant wait to see the Boyz at ABDC again!!!!
chat sometime..?
My blog is safe for all ages .. I think .. not sure about the movie, tho.
There are people that talk about getting shit done, and people that actually get shit done. I prefer the latter.
I loved you in every episode of That's Life! Was sad when it ended!
hahahahahahahahahhaa lol i feel ya! drink it in! be a bum! u work so much! lol
I am awful at painting my nails.
Look at my roommate thoooooo. #SimpLife RT Warm beer is bad, but her not texting back is worse.
thanks for the luv :)
Now the guy next to the dirty, smelly sock guy removed his sweat pants to reveal stinky basketball shorts... Sick
Just interesting that this report comes out of Miami. Wait for
We've got the Eric Jacobson Quartet in the house tonight at 7:30. This great, all-ages, no-cover show should not be missed!
Hangin wit my bro Steve tonight.
Fantasy help: Reggie Bush, Steve Smith (CAR), or Julio Jones? Flex position.
tweet often, need updates - sitting on the SD tarmac waiting...
Springpad app helpful for collection development, books to read, etc.
yo where u at?
Landmark, anyone want to switch my evening shift on Sat for a matinee shift? Please!!!!
It's so easy to make!
"I'm intimidated by the fear of being average" -Taylor Swift
is up and not texting me !:/ smh...
I've never been there. I have toured the Glasgow School of Art though. I'm a Mackintosh fan.
yes of course! im so sorry! did you email recently? i didnt get it!
At a realtor seminar learning about the importance of reaching out to young buyers but no hashtag. Hm
Thanks girly! I know I love it ;)
About to watch The Town. Love Jeremy Renner in this movie :)
That is great! Thanks for sharing! Do you get our email newsletter MENTALCOACH? Nov issue is coming out this week.
Kim!!!!! Best player in awhile!
It's funny when people don't know my real name but just refer to me as Drake lol
pretty sure I tagged you in it? Thanks though
What a stupid what? I'm on pins and needles! RT Omg! What a stupid!
can't wait to see you at #nwxportland!
what's is good :p
so I didn't get to go to your concert because I live in LA , come visit me ? <3
We are looking into it for a honeymoon destination. Crazy expensive, but trying to convince myself it's worth it!
No one ever said life was easy, but several people said you were. :x
Everyone check out
Relaxing after a delicious lunch at Gates!
I just beat TheWife by 71 points in Words With Friends!!!
but back on topic, one day we'll find hot band guys who will love us and life will rule
Why am I still up
Honored you enjoy all the books & liked TCN as well. Loved writing it. As Melissa learns, friends make the best presents!
Hey Maribel... hope you're doing well. Great to see you on twitter.. We moved our office. Now next to the Forge on 41st Street
Did you read the interview with Craig Thomas? He said that it "Had to be Robin" *_*
It's hard to deny that Galaxy Gold in full sunshine looks like what happens when you vomit Tang.
Happy Birthday! I hope you had an amazing day!
What's the official hashtag for this event?
House of Payne is too funny.
Nurses are the best patient advocates!
I have all the facts and figures about in #Hollywood #apogeebeach - amazing investment opportunity! Call me for details!
Who won the carty award?
Illusions. Delusions. Disillusions.
i have no clue! But half of them are "Mahomies".
holy jamoly that's crazy.!!!!!! We were so cute.!!!
Google Logo on the Google Home page today is very cool
Last night's Trappist tasting at Strictly Discs was a blast. Thanks to all who came - we'll definitely do this again!
Catch phrase game night...getting intense
Okay! Doing an email interview with Hello Highway! (:
I rather be performing instead of being in class ugh. #Riley .LIVE ReaL
Opponent: where: anywhere but somewhere in Florida would be nice :D
Walking through PDX it just hit me...when I arrive here I am coming HOME.
whatever you want to call as long as you get some!
since you're online, can i get a tweet or a follow? please, we're finally online at the same time :)
At times I miss my old phone. . .but then remember how slow it was!
A wise football coach once said, "Talent sets the floor and character sets the ceiling."
Completely agree. NYG D going to have a monster week!!
aha yeah she is. she makes that show
dont you have to get meghan too?
the 6 blows to the head with dumbbells are taking their tole
go to www.dubixrecords.com for updates and new releases
Instead of being envious of other people's lives, live the life that others will envy.
I'm curious about what Morey was willing to give up to have Dwight Howard for a month.
#schoolmemories was one of my best friends. Still love him though.<U+2661>
agreed! It was really great to meet you guys and we are so eager to help make a collaborated event with
Morrisville State College in Syracuse
Tonight's special- 2 large 2 topping pizzas for $22! I can hardly believe it myself.
Honey Kix. Awesome.
Can't sleep on the trolley since i might have to move so the person next to me can't get up. -.-
yowzas! well good luck and have fun :)
great to meet you guys! Great job on #9News!
Heyy! I am so glad there are more of us!! :)
If Lakers had a Good Coach we could actually Beat OKC...Mike Brown Sucks.
Definitely - when I'm back from the Valley (flying out tomorrow morning and there till Wednesday night).
We know, you’re struggling a little bit today. But don’t worry about bringing a cooler or picnic basket, we’ve got you covered!
Shower & waitin for my boo boo
Hello Twitter. Atwater Junction hopes you will follow us to find out where we are playing and how you hear our music.
Omg I just noticed that is following me:D!!! Thanks for the follow <3!!!!
“Thinking that you can’t change is wrong. Thinking that there is no need to change is tragic.”
I wish i could talk to Travis about this cos he just some how makes me feel better, like the guy friend i always wanted but never had before
Have you forgotten me already? :( ps I saw a recipe for veg steamed buns yesterday that made me think of you making dumplings
ughh. Im sorry.
Come on, girlfriend, work out with me. Get up on that treadmill 1, 2, 3. Just start out very slowly. It'll feel great to move that body!
Starter: what are some of the biggest problems affecting African Americans in Baltimore? Students are anxious to get into the inner circle
Spartans falling apart
Is at the Riverfront Fashion Show! My does Denver have a lot of pretty people! :)
We will survive before lens transcending all barriers in mad playgrounds that redefine realism and documentation. Ecstasyterrestrialism.
This kid did not just fall asleep on me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
i see. i'd text you but my phone is off right now. whats up? you can private message me if you want.
I wanna find something to do tonight!!
it was Zac Efron hair before it was Bieber hair
I didn't know you homeschool too! Have fun at ! I know a few gals going
I like 'farm : table' but I think I was supposed to wait for my coffee inside, and now I can't get up from my seat or someone will poach it.
Oh yeah? Does he tell you that or do you go to the white house for lunch every day? Come on now. Don't believe everything ...
Downside to being married to an ophthalmologist: Some guy guns a nail into his eye and our dinner plans are ruined (as, I guess, are his).
of course! Matt was wondering why I wanted to take him to dinner this weekend...because I'm HAPPY!
Mushroomhead coming to the altar bar the 17th of May, should I? Maybe
Yay! I'm like 90% sure I'll be there! I can't wait to see you!!!
they now get all online GPO content
In Mass. US Senate race, a question of heritage
thanks sounds fun, lets definitely talk more!!
give peace a chance<3
Trust you are missed too...
With two men on and a man on second, Arrieta got his first real challenge of the day, but Josh Willingham lined out to left field.
RT : "The Hudson River Valley, Dutchess County, is squatchy". -
my rap here, i can finally eat chinese give me lubys please get my grub on at the black eyed peas i stand in line the chickens lookin fine
Men have 2 emotions: hungry and horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
A king with no crown, king with no crown !
I love dance club! A lot a cute boys! Also can't wait to try new styles like break dance and popping<3
i want a hot dog smh
Lonely tonight
I do not know how that idiot even has a show
I have to agree with Barclay, Awake has a quality NBC has not gone with in a long time. Let's hope the script doesn't fail s2
you'll get them. I BELIEVE in you. LMAO, did you see what I did there.. BELIEVE. HAAHAA! .. Ahem! >.>
Really Broncos really? Oh well at least we got this far...
be happy!
Damn, what I wouldn't give to live closer to #RedRocksAmpitheater; their line-up this year is so good it hurts.
Gotta find a woman be good to me won't steal my liquor try serve me tea
New episode of #tabletop features a game I own. We can play along, tonight just got much funner.
HANDS OVER MY EYES WATCHING THE BACHELORETTE!
Your clothes never wear as well the next day and your hair never falls in quite the same way.
WOW JUSTIN
awkward high fives<3!!
She is everything to me, the unrequited dream, the song that no one sings, the unattainable.
#JMS375 We got thru the exam. How do you feel? Anyone in #jms489? That two-day exam was killer!!!
Mellow Indie Mix + bubble bath = Best Tuesday Night eva. Totally wins over the gym this time.
only liked Jalen Rose cause he shut up Skip Bayless.
Conspicuous #Prosumption: lightin' up the Twitterverse w/ complaints about a missing hashtag :p
Such a sweet hed on so many levels! Bravo.
The McQueen show has turned the second floor of the Met into Disney World on the weekends.
I am once again loading Fences, a app on my new work PC. It helps me organize my desktop icons.
Keep this in mind before you consider skipping your workout today: you're 61% more likely to skip another one the following week if you do!
The Region 7 AOS II panel has resumed and just finished reviewing app# 120014 IN State Museum.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my twitter for follow me maybe? 1
give me shout outs thanks
OMG. Root canal and Adele at the same time? I do think she's talented but have to be in the right mood to listen to her.
Just chugged a strawberry milksake, and a brownie AND a redbull. Why did I do this too myself. FAIL AT LIFE right now. Ima puke
LA: where men love cutting the sleeves and entire side portion off their tshirts to make them into tank top bibs
Oh geez!
Testing Twitter and Processing: This was automatically posted from Processing 42
I do enjoy gaming, and really like how colorful the dice are.
It's Jack's 6th Birthday! Happy birthday Jackie!
My tolerance for shitty technology is basically non existent.
yep! I'm sure I'll see you guys soon....yeeeaaahhh summer in Pittsburgh!
ooh, I need to do this too, hahaha
Sandpearl Resort in Florida Heats up the Month of May with Savings
That was me last year RT : I'm slacking on Ms.Scussels homework.
We might be wishy-washy and flip flop, but God has not changed.
Do all of the numbers HAVE TO be on the same line? 'cause I've got them all.
Where's ?:c
Why is the Michelin Man white?
"Incredible Shrinking Presidency"? Are you kidding?
School is fun -__-
what's your most favorite episode of all time? Im going with the Toyota Helix destruction.
#NP Rihanna- cheers (drink to that)!
Congrats to the cast, crew and team on an AMAZING first preview!!
A clitoris is packed w/ 8,000 nerve fibers & each is one of a kind, meaning each woman's orgasm is varied & individual
Still enjoying last night's fantastic show by Shearwater. Their drummer is a Norwegian named Thor. I mean, c'mon.
Hood Internet makes lil Wayne sound good - someone's comment on YouTube. Haha TRUE
"im set on cruise control, im slowly losing hold, of everything i got."
lol no... Rest when your dead...
People should now be emerging from this morning's A.P. Literature exam. Hope it went well, test-takers!
has anyone messaged u 0.o hehe
hahah oh my !!
Not in my Deli!!!!
no, you're so amazing!
RIP Mrs. Lillian Musial...wife of Stan "the Man" Musial..married for nearly 72 years. Now THAT"S love & commitment!
Cool! Hope you post some pics!
Discovered my studio is way too close to one of those all you can eat, every flavor, every topping fro-yo places...
Let there be peace on earth
Have a personal tale you want to share? Join #anhkc Sunday at 6:00pm and serve us your story.
where yu at?
A well written script will dictate what video you shoot when you go on location.
Um, why do I have "Good Vibrations" stuck in my head?!
So interesting about the balloon Boy!
They just took them out of the oven and they just slice them open and serve them
#TCA'S was great!
Welcome to the Chicane Group!
hahah Omg jeez-us I'm like dying here and in ap Aaron is in mr gue and im in Mr.R so he just sits there and smiles at me lol
i wish i could but i don't have any
follow me so we can DM
Got to read and original short play and sing with Barry Cullison tonight in Vinny's class :)
You ever watch something so bad & continue b/c you can't imagine it being this bad? Yeah I'm watching Blonde Ambition.
Wish a had my lil niggas wit me, I'm ready to carry my ass home, and apparently in alone tonight
I love it, I love it
so said i missed to trey songz music video today .... but its all good tho .... on to the next one ......
Shut up.
6:20! :( I have class this afternoon. Crud bear! Wish we were going to the same one!
that would be awesome man! Spread the word about us and maybe we can come down that way and play sometime!! :)
": lol man that crazy"~~right them New Yorkers smh
awesome! We can't wait to see the pics!
Tlkingg To Heather :* me and her are going to be dance buddies if imma be dane major<3
Sometime's I Wonder How Do You Really Make It Into The Industry, It's Like We People Don't Give Chance's No More. Some Body Step Up.......
Oh really, you'll always be here? I guess that didn't apply when you let your girlfriend ruin our friendship.
Congrats on a well-deserved # 1 with - I Don't Want This Night To End
MARK YOUR CALENDARS: WV Young Democrats Capitol City Fundraiser on Feb. 14th (Location TBA) and WVYD Day at the Legislature on Feb. 15th!
Oh you do? Do you have American fam? Whoop! Mini vaca? Have you spent time on the east coast? Mine was good, slept ha. Yours?
I wish I had lived in the 70s <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><U+270C>
squeezing lemons
HA HA! Yeah Pats, that's what I'm talkin about, 45-3! How do you like them apples Rex Ryan? Keep talkin that smack! Congrats to Tom Brady!
Whoever told yall women were clueless #lied! I dont show my hand but dont take silence as a weakness
404 followers because my life is an error
On a team with about a dozen DH options, Drew Butera makes no sense on the 25 man. When would you pinch hit for Mauer or Doumit?
you make me laugh :)
Hmm, plasticity? Must have lots of high rate of speed = chronic pain
Dirty, dirty things that I don't think I'm allowed to say on twitter. Or anything music related. That's cool, too.
“: HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD HEAD #RETWEET this if you love HEAD.”hope my friend sees this!!!
#FF Interesting Follows
Thorpe is not answering your questions in this interview. :\
I wanted to go our today but it's too hot. lazy day today :D
Gonna be popping in downtown Memphis tonight - rooftop parties, Grizz and Redbirds games
When they start an argument out of a small mistake, don't worry they were looking for a fight in the first place.
yea sweetheart im on :) tell to other ;) haha
glad you're enjoying your time here!
good morning Cody :)
you mad? Oh shit the worlds gonna end because I spelled zayn wrong.
Me! RT : So another game in just 12 hours. Guess who's going? Me!
How did it get to be that 12 hours is too little time to do anything?
Searching for Denver hotel specials for June.
Happy Friday to our followers! Please join us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/InnerHarmonyTherapyServices
What is the best way to show others the way to salvation... "BE CAREFUL".
"I sometimes talk louder to blind people" "I still think its funny when guys put tennis balls under a shirt, they look like little boobs"
I'm not so sure this is a good thing! Third trip (and one to go) in less than a month just to order contacts. :(
I think I'm hooked on experimental silent films.
of which two are brand new preps, and one is a haven't-taught-in-awhile prep.
Wow #Marquette got an easy bracket, I hope the NCAA treats #UWBadgers as good!
If there's just one reason to tune into #SmackDown this Friday night, here you go Mayhem Nation. Need we say more.
they say life is short, but it's the longest thing we do. so make the most of it while you're hear. live out your dreams.
Awesome, thanks! This is for a recent grad, fresh out of school. I work at VU Alumni Relations, just trying to help her!
Complicated relationships! That that shit I don't like! Aye! aye!
Fans, unless you have MLB.TV, you can't see this game, so keep on watching morning news!
Need to sleep.... But need to do math....
I know you're dying to know the truth... No, I am not related to Jane Jensen. AS FAR AS I KNOW...
Don't wait for the wind, create the wind!
Game 2 in New York #Rangers vs
good word last night bro!
yea I just wish he would have talked to me ....even if he did say no I just wanna talk to him:(
To explain that last, I cuss a lot when I'm playing.
Making candles, my secret tea, cd's, practicing guitar, and chking emails...i need to sit down!
Things happen in life whether you're ready or not. Seize the moment and take a chance.. or spend the rest of your life not ever knowing.
That sounds yummy too!
I think my boo done fell asleep on me lol
Chien: how to make abstractions like IP compelling? Note Obama on AIA. Didn't talk about patents, talked about students, jobs.
Loved #SalmonFishingintheYemen directed by #LasseHallström. A perfect date night movie! Great performances by #EmilyBlunt &
Caps missed opportunities becoming the theme of this game..Semin on the doorstep c'mon man cash that in!
So excited to start my new job and be making all kinds of money
Vidal Sassoon: nothing for the weekend, sir
girl you much keep that sexy bod nourished and healthy! I'm well. Bored out here in the burbs
so ready to start this holiday kegger! our house is full of christmas cheer and beer!
just broke the TOP 5 on ReverbNation's Oklahoma City rock charts! Check it out, and help your favorite water-themed band get to numero uno!
u smoke when you get home or what? I am usually up late, so that's when I am able to retreat and have my cigar
Riding around with my air blasting and my gas tank on E! #THUGLIFE Lol
This is my favorite week of the year
Watching the Ga Tech / Virginia game with friends. Go Ga Tech!
really??? You think $5000 to be an inchi member would break their bank?
is a sneaky mofo
so what are you using now?
LOL priorities!! RT , I don't care how many titties you sign, as long as those titties bought a CD
His birthday is the 3rd, I am going to a friends show that I passed on last time and promised I wouldn't miss the next.
Will do fam.
haha I had to make my spicy potato egg and bacon tacos... It's a family favorite
Thank you for the intense and highly pleasurable banging! Thanks for the stars too beautiful! ;) Xoxo
" I'll never notice " - -_- I bet he said that. Cause he will never follow me:(
Ok. I msgd you already, so just reply to that one. :)
i can't believe someone moved into my house wow they suck i hate them
I'll upload the song Sant'a Littlest Elf has Autism on Monday. You're going to love it. My son, James, sang with a lot of expressions.
Woo Hoo my benefits kick in today! What a relief! Calling Dr Dr.
Happy to have kept you connected at that amazing event! Hopefully your friend learned a lesson and chooses XCom next time :)
HAViNG THE BEST BiRTHDAY EVER ! Hope is too !
Vroom: I think we need to sit down as a Rep body to decide who should sit on this committee so people aren't dissatisfied with the product.
Just enjoyed a nice dinner now its time for desert#chilling with the fam ilove them.
Exactly. I cannot believe there are enough stupid people in this country to elect a LOSER like romney.
Holy cow! C'mon on Wildcats. Some folks have brackets to be worried about.
Do you mean a person who likes hot dogs? RT : ugh...you're one of "those people" too?
OH HELLS YEAH!!! RT : This was the BEST MONDAY EVER! lolololol :D
Trying to relax and enjoy my life
josh you're a hot mess!
The world would be 10000 times better if Chicago's delivered!
Back to tonight. Any menu recomendations that I've missed?
one hour finale!
webOS also needs a map/nav app that works in exhibition mode.
" To Fear Love Is To Fear Life. "
No matter what I do, Somehow I always find myself back to you.
Its almost always about
Just done watching "Remember Me" ...Its so sad Robert Pattinson Died at the end :(
When you do a business with any printer, what is your expectation?? Tell us!!
so they have no way of knowing whether it was due to men perceiving women as potential mates or not
Please don't let mmy dreams run by underneath, underneath this Amarillo Sky.
i was trying to make it it's been bothering me all period
text me bro
Such a gloomy, rainy morning
If I treated you KINDLY it doesn't mean I'm WEAK I've surpass all the childish behaviors like women who get abortions I ain't having it
Last questions coming up... Opening up to audience. Any Q's from Twitter??
What ya gonna do with all that junk all that junk inside my trunk....
: Remember to call your Mom tomorrow, because I can tell you that you'll feel bad when you're no longer able to. +1
listening to Deadmau5 - "Not exactly".. love those beats!
Misconception #4 Face-to-face interaction is passé.
yess and Bailey that hot piece of ass
PERFORMANCE ETIQUETTE: Dick move to tell your friends to leave after your 1 part of a 3 part show
Chico and Rita: Spectacular animation, great sampling of that era's jazz...but as a story? Kind of cliched and boring.
Yeah buddy! I don't drink but I still love this tee.
Lol good afternoon :)
All I need is a glass of Bacardi O and My Big Sean CD!!!!
I know!! :( its cause softball season is fully here now!
Well, why even bother with a trial, just shoot her in the face. That will bring the baby back.
Congrats buddy
out of shower #night today was good day(:
Milton comes back to score five in the seventh and take a 10-7 lead on Monroe
Panchen Lama speaks on Dharma at World Buddhist Forum in HK
TONIGHT is #ScholarsThursdays at (2625. N Downer Ave #Milwaukee)
Long Happy Hours with generous Daily Specials are easy on the wallet!
Congratulations to Arik Weiss, winner of the recent Kol HaOt raffle, who won a print by artist Matt Berkowitz worth $700!!
I can just imagine all of us Downtown screaming about One Direction :) Something i wanna see in person
I'm looking forward to seeing the BeeLine home collection tomorrow. So many fun #interiordesign events happening this month.
#Random BUT ig twitter is the only place ppl can admit to being a "follower"
you still bringing in them churros tomorrow??
Quorum Releases Fiscal Year 2011 Results
guess that means you can write it off your taxes as well
The car in front of me has a decal that says "I drive like a Cullen"....no comment.
admin leader: Jesus Geeks' meeting adjourned.
and no one is shocked the photographer is hahaha
61% to 90% of people use search engines rather than review sites, coupon sites, or the Yellow Pages
Just got home from the VIP sesh at PGP. Endless dabs of the best nectars to be had by all. Super irie!!! Thanks PGP for everything!!
#AskingMyself why do I keep giving this show #Touch a chance??? Sh*t is like 9 episodes deep on my Dvr
#nowplaying The Fray
Getting money is a necessity..
I get to bake a cake this afternoon. I think you all know how much I love baking!!!!
I asked him if he'd moved and he looked at me blankly like I didn't exist. I think he was high. We used to talk often. :(
you might want to at least skim it as a reference point in case it ever comes up in conversation
yeah , my nigga ( ; what time we gon jump that mofo' bitch ?
Liar! Obama has laid no blame on Zimmerman! Where is the proof! You just hate Obama...go ahead and say it...he can take it
Happy birthday !
it's great! So much work; how do you do it all?
Have you checked out the new myspace layout yet? www.myspace.com/iseestars
#shawstats Shaw once led 300 Spartans against Persia and you know the outcome
yay! Thanks for doing that!!!
That made my day. TAN IS BEAUTIFUL, BABY
are you going to the beach?!
RT : Follow Jamaican Food in Cincinnati!!! Purchase Wale Tickets there & Receive Discount on Any Meal Purchase
A3. Live-tweeting - both a failure and a success, hard to get people engaged at first but once it's on, it's on!
Anybody sellin some Food stamps hit me up need $100 or better serious ppl pls# no Low ballers..im tryin to help a friend out
hahahahaha I'll miss you al! I can't believe I'm leaving tomorrow!
Well I was hoping to move Fanfest to Sunday at 3ish, but after that the agenda looks empty Glen.
and the guy just like completely screwed up my hair, it's a freaking mess.
Please send me a <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>to shoot the TBT ppl and a <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3> to blow up their phones and photo albums! If ur gonna OD on TBT choose 1 Thursday a month!
The Helen Keller Driving School
thanks for the follow!
Missing parties to work on creative stuff but gettin git done.....oh and it's a gooden'
Likewise. If there isn't a major trade tomorrow I'm going to be pissed
& , is that a problem ? Didn't think so stupid
my mornings > your mornings.
Getting ready 2 go 2 the Denver Museum of science.
Itching to get off the tee box.
Glad to see that the Flyers are on the ropes. Once they're knocked out I'll be pretty OK with any of the remaining teams winning it all.
come on over....to the people's house she did it for!!! Lol!
cross training right now but seeking "my next fitness challenge" :) so far, it's tennis ..
Just saw a guy getting mugged. I was going to help him out until I saw he was wearing crocs.
Actions, not words, are the greatest means of self- praise. -Napoleon Hill
how do you think uw ranks w/ its top 15 program peers re: % of offers that get accepted?
Like you need to go eat at where she works. EVERY DAY.
thanks! Glad it all worked out! See you again soon I hope!
But now watch me not sleep tonight...
amen Tony
All this fog in the Air must mean that God's been chiefin all night!
did u find out my password >:(
Thanks guys so much! We still need help our goal is to reach 143 followers by tonight!!
Ruben on the worship, Amy's spoken word, ETD on the drama, and the Holy Spirit on the move!!! Great night
Check your DMs! I DMed you my answers to the video quiz! (:
Still on a Mad Men high. Refuse to kill it by watching Smash.
finished consulting over at ilovedesign the new face for our online shop is gonna be #dope and #theland is where is it all started
Ohh no!!! Hope you didn't get too wet RT love when the sprinklers turn on during a liveshot!
Had a blast playing for everyone in Mountain View, CA! Off to our next show in Ventura, CA... Who's coming out?
'if you don't like how he's playin than change the record'. Imagine that advice 4 us 2 yrs ago ;) #live&learn
nails it. If O'Malley thinks this legacy will make him President he's drinking Obama's Kool Aid.
Did you know March is National Social Work Month? Thank you to our team of social workers who do extraordinary work!
Ohio observes Severe Weather Awareness week March 20th-26th!
All my fav shows are getting short final season renewals.. WTF.
GREEN LIGHT
Oh shit Kevin Hart in the buildin for the
#Marlins offense has gone beast mode today.
When you truly love someone you don't judge them by their past, you accept it and leave it there.
Passion is the fuel to Vision. —- Edward Ezekiel Isouve
lol that is pathetic
I am, but I'm covering an event and I'm driving. So I'm sober and angry haha
Celebrate Easter with Laura Flora's workshop this Sun. from 1 to 3:30pm featuring hip-openers, twists, and arm balances
We should decide on a day where we all smoke a shitload of salmon & annoy ppl who don't eat fish. Or like Gouda, maybe.
Guessing that 26/32 isn't going to get me upgraded.
Council mtg in recess now. Layoffs and furloughs 2 b discussed at end.
*in my ed voice* yeah RT : Listening to this Mercy. Who ever created that beat is a genius.
Record it!
I've got a perf idea
hiya ;) You don't have to follow me . Bt I'd love it if you did (:.
Kiddan!! Def down for dinner soon! :) I'm watching 's next chapter in India right now.
We learn something every day, and lots of times it's that what we learned the day before was wrong. Bill Vaughan
Haha. Yes! That would be nice. That's what happens when you disappear. I want to hear about your life too!
I will follow whoever follows me
Anaheim North somehow drops two nights from my reservation? Ok, not a good start...
hey buddy what up?
Good morning world! Have a great day.
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 18
#ThingsMyExSaid Im gone always be honest with you!
Headed to a Brew City Bruisers bout with & Epic!
Just a thought.... There's nothing that a fantastic blowjob can't fix.
exactly, it's using the common sense we have offline to build your network online. Be genuine, honest, helpful, likable, etc
Ah that's right, we put Trump against the Oscars.
I could cut the shit out of a piece of paper in kindergarten.
Aint that the truth RT : Keep your head up high, and your middle finger higher.
I don't claim to know the minds of the 1%, but I'm pretty sure they don't want Sarah Palin to have more power.
i almost forgot.
get it under control!
Come on, #Temple! :)
hahaha it was raining when I get there lol
Which church?
“: RETWEET this if you have LESS than 100,000 followers (MUST BE FOLLOWING HE FOLLOWS BACK)”a
(4 of 4) Or is she simply never seen again?
RT : WOW Clippers down 24 with 8 mins left in game &amp; win the game!!
As hard as it is for me to admit it, I have to agree with Skip/SAS. Rose thinks all media is personal rather than opinion.
Merry X-Mas to my two best friends, &
Congrats to PTKs cast of Daisy's New Car on a great opening!
Hacked bitch
Ever go to public bathroom,use the toilet with a paper liner on the seat. You stand up,cinch your belt, walk out with the paper on your butt
2nd hole playoff...hopefully a putt to win coming up...
I have a pineapple and some oranges waiting to be juiced, so I need to hit the liquor store tomorrow, for real.
Been really busy lately. Will get online tommorow and manage it haha.
it just seemed like something that needed to be put out there LOL
good move, Sporting. RT : On this day in 2011 : Sporting Kansas City Signs Defender Aurelien Collin
That is gorgeous.
NICE!!! RT it's work in your pajamas day...I love owning my own business...
Watching one of my new favorite shows Teen Wolf. It's better then I expected ! It's a must see for this summer !
Gov. Tomblin calls special session on gas drilling, after months of debate. Special session begins Sunday evening.
this ZIMA is for you!
BAHAHAHAHA you're so stupid ;)
Totally loved it; completely worth it; 100% nerd status badge unlocked. Would love to update you on te latest. Exciting stuff!
or Thailand!
Nuggets won last night baby.melo vs king James. Loved tha game..Holla
HUGE congratulations to one of our own! Rob Jones won a GRAMMY for package design for The White Stripes boxes set. So awesome!
Busy's great. She knows how to walk the fine line of commiting and overcommiting to material.
which one are you drinking? We need to get drunk lol
Coming back to the Boston air-waves! Stay tuned :-)
Nina Ross RT : I'm assuming a Nina is a gun?
way to text me back... #danceclasssaturdaynight?
can't wait this is going to be a good one!
People that take their flask of whiskey to the face on the bus are funny
Happy birthday to the original gangsta!
justin :o ?
Eating BBQ wings and quesadilla :) I miss my babe..
Tanks bro. When you at dece Mallory gonna be here?
hey, it's only one... comeonbereasonableman!
Just spent two days getting educated by this guy... I know, I know, unbelievable... He's one of the Good Guys!
You don't need a title to minister You just have to have ministry in your heart.... "Dr Iverna in class last night"
Is ironically suffering from hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia. (The fear of big words.) actually thats the only big word i fear
If this app can do real time traffic patterns to help along with GPS navigation, this could be a big help...and a big hit.
Mad cause My head hurt.
Lmao and look at me dressing up for nerd day anyway x)
Is this the correct amount i will get?
no I'll prolly just see what sing comes on next
RT : RT this if you've had a long week already.
Good news is we have it! Good stuff. Part of local renaissance & reemergence of Western Pa brewing prominence
Ron loves me sometimes like eh rn
#artpolitics a continuum of vibrational force. Amazing!!! Starts on left with military goes to police to sonic branding to music to art
Just got done partying with my bestest friends!! Had an awsome time! <3
you bartend tho right? So, it'd be worth it for you :)
We <3 you
is stardoll a new program? lol im very behind
Only a few hours left to get NCAA balls $73 off. Check out our page to get the code!
u could tell me and u could call ur mom and ask o.o like now
Been doin' well, brotha. Missed you at the Brian Simpson show at La Cantera or were you able to make it?
Thank you #guacstar RT : Burrito Beach was great :)
Although low confidence, a few storms are possible with this marked increase in heat and humidity across local area; poss Wed/Thurs attm
There is a first for everything and a last for everything. Goodbye
Heck yes! After we get back from a trip around the globe!
I know why Ikea is so cheap- because they don't air condition their warehouses.
Holidays are life's way of reminding us we're lonely and that nobody loves us. /via
Virtuostically its Jermaine. Originality it's Juliette. Surprise factor it's Chris. Boy next door it's Tony. Who will be #thevoice2012 ?
Glad Guerrilla #Usability session sparked thought-keep me posted if you try out some guerrilla methods!
u wanna gamble? I need an investor for my business
Oh lawdy it's Betty White's 90th?
Lovin these tracks from johnny juliano.
Lots of voters at St. Seton Church in #Carmel say they're supporting Haven't seen a Mourdock supporter yet
IT'S SO HARD BEING REALLY POOR AND NOT FRAT.
Haha i know how it is!
So not in the mood to work tonight.
It's gonna be a raw show tonight. Check out the noise and flailing at the Falls Taproom in East Falls.
thank you! Hope to cross paths with you sooner than later. Keep up the great work!
This <U+2192> RT : It doesn't matter how many people hate you. It matters how many people love you.
Come on up...not so bad here !!
Thanks for the comment MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
yikes. Ok, I'll add some kool-aid to make it berrirific.
US SC rules in Marmet Health Care Center, Inc. v. Brown case involving state court's disregard of precedent re FAA: 565 U.S. ____ (2012).
Sitting on the back porch, surveying the day's work, enjoying a beer. What better way to observe Rogation DAYS?
This is the weirdest movie ever. O.o
she smoked something non the less.
Done! I'd love to.
Going for a run ~ see ya on the other side!
Die learning log
#student RISD architecture dean gets new job
PBA pro bowlers, Norm Duke, Brian Voss & Chris Warren practicing yesterday at Suncoast Bowling Ctr in Las Vegas.
Adversity introduces an individual to themselves.
That's an instance in which anger can be a virtue, when it's in response to injustice.
Neighborhood kids decided to blaze trail through my backyard, cutting down trees, etc... Very hesitant to go talk to parents. Advise?
SAY MACDONALDS BEFORE I FALL ASLEEP.
Failure ain’t failure you just didn’t try hard enough!
school sucks ... and i have an orthodontist appointment at 10 ... yayy braces ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
omfg iv seen hills have eyes 37458438 times and im watching it again.
On August 1, we'll be relaunching as a Nonprofit. Our nonprofit will be interactive and will be geared towards the running community!
I enjoy my Hattori Hanzo Shears. Thank you!
Euery leap or skip in dance is a leap towards hel. -Phillip Stubbes
I love this Basketball state!!!! Emotions are out today!! Friendships ending, couples breaking up all over basketball!
Hmm good to know, thanks! I'm going to try to go to Accessorie Circuit in May instead. Any tips for getting in as an attendee?
"WHERE'S KENYON!" (btw, has anyone figured out if Sarah Phillips is also Savannah McMillan-Christmas?)
Ok, so we were talking about soundtrack songs that are better than the film they're in. For example, Pet Sematary by the Ramones. Discuss?
you watch Grimm?
yea, Ricky! I didn't realize you had moved yet. That's awesome! I hope things are great!
I even clicked on deny trade in the pic!
At the gym because certain people think I'm fat...
It does not matter how valid your excuse is, the fact of the matter, whatever you're working on still isn't getting done.
This will be the last weekend to check out Super Science Saturday's "The Brain," so come on down to The Bakken!
OTDIBH would be 100% more awesome if you included photos/videos.
Hehe, I would not consider 25 miles in my neighborhood :) #hfchat'
#ThankYouThursday Thankful for new followers! to name a few... Looking forward to your #DoGood tweets
Avengers trailer, to this skeptic, was impressive. Finally, some non-Rock-themed score in a Marvel spot
Wut does "swank" mean? Anyone
i.do follow me
I-I Love You Like A Love Song Baby <3
appreciate the follow! Care to promote?
man it was nice meeting u tonight and working with u man. You did in awesome job bro... Lets keep in touch man!
One Hour Photo Show will be live today. The link to the show will be posted very soon!
Good morning #fortwayne. Happy Wednesday!
I can't believe that shit
hola Mr. Landrum...I will shoot you a DM
*Growls* back with the deep throaty sounds of a well tuned V8!
My pleasure!
look at you being on the hill ;)
If you had the opportunity to dance with one of the winner crews from ABDC,who would you pick?
Texas Southern's Tim Price (Klein HS) has 6 points, 7 rebounds , 1 stl, and 4 blocks. TSU leads Alabama A&M midway through the 2nd.
I bite my thumb at you...bitch.
please RT 4 HS girls in Phoenix! We'll be holding our annual prom fair February 25! Gowns just $5! More details mypromdress.org
Peter Angelos is in the #Orioles press box visiting new MASN area.
love the dark hair on u!! :)
I depend on me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
#whatimissmost : eating whatever I want.
So my friend Amanda just cut my hair and it actually looks hella good! I was nervous that she was gonna fuck it up
If only I can go to Port A and meet themm :(
Over the past two days I've had a obsession of some powdered donuts and Debbie cakes.. My gawww those things go in
Do I really have to write a review on this nonsense? Come on buckeyes!
#mlanet12 Picked up iPad for the MIS Business meeting! Who will be the lucky winner?!
Dereece Bailey ain't never gotta worry bout it, i was here for you last time, so u know aint nun changed!
i can't even
Michael Douglas is going to play Liberace in Behind the Candelabra. Matt Damon plays his lover.
Come here.
Not sure yet whether I'm staying with Scott again, but it's pretty likely I will be. You?
R E T W E E T if you didn't plan on doing shit tonight O__o
Hi there ArthurfrenchIII
haha, i love politics.
Personally, I want to see liberal arts ed strengthened at K-12; would prioritise over uni level. Let 'em take voc ed as adults & get jobs
Its great to see so many active tweeters!!!
The Legend of Hard to Swallow
let me know how Jimmy is! And please don't let him get sick before I see him Saturday :)
It is remarkable how ones wits are sharpened by physical exercise.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by each experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.
. 21 days till boyfriend . Can't wait . <333
follow back? :)
what you do today makes who you are tomarrow.
i'm more of a bacon guy myself.
following back.. long time no see
On my way to school yells GOODMORNING TWITTER
I will neverr understand why people go to sporting events and don't wear their team colors. If you're gonna do that don't even go.
Just woke up to the best dream: Dreamnt I met Van Hansis(Luke Snyder #ATWT)and he was soo nice,Even in the dream came me his perosnal cell #
miss you lots!
I actually don't think I've ever seen a critters. I hate myself.
thank you all for recommending , we'd love to have you anytime!
I don't fucken like you, get a life and try not to suck on mine. Dumb ass.
Also be sure to send us your pictures of the resources for a RT & shout-out. We're so happy to invite everyone to ur campuse today!
They are always willing to take the blame for even the smelliest farts
Amendment 1 is hurtful to all and helpful to none! I hope it doesn't pass...
I support! As long as I can come to the wedding <U+E105>
Ready for another great day on the ! Hoping is having a great time away on his cruise!
use your smile 2 change the world don't let the world change your smile :)))))
Starting week 6 of #Impact body plan. Increased strength, power, balance, flexibility and endurance are apparent. #go4it!
Oh, that's great! is going to be HUGE. I'm so jazzed about it!
Just jumped on to fix a childish mistake I made yesturday. I love all my family & friends no matter what! Tired but EXCITED
good morning all
I know
Click Edit Catalog Details in the hub. That way, you update everything except the xap. Still takes a day or so though.
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
I'm awesome thanks ;D
UK &amp; World News: Queen unveils restored Cutty Sark
Thanks for the retweet! re: State of the News Media 2012
its just annoying and frusturating
my dog eats flowers. is that normal.....
Twitter is so addicting !(:
Get frustrated that I haven't spent the last 5 yrs of my life pursuing the goals I am now, but at least I am doing it finally!
It's making those of us who live here very worried
welcome to twitter, you twatter!
Added some scratch VO to film & feeling good so far. Finding right tone is tricky but getting there.
i need u to but what u doing doing now o i sent the pic to yo email
Watching an awesome movie with the kids and then hanging out with my friend for a little while.
[LIVE TWEET] How does climate change create changes and opportunities in democracy?
Should you buy feetsie pajamas if you are in a wheelchair?
have fun! Can't wait to see pics!
Congrats on winning the Superbowl!
Looking for a healthier dish to go with that NYE resolution? Try our Marinated Tofu & Seaweed Salad: Sweet Chili, Sesame Seaweed, Soft Tofu
watching the parade, awesome day to see it.
thanks for the follow! We're doing our best to decorate #Twitter with some beautiful snapshots. #Lookup with us. :)
I still can't find your new album on #itunes. What gives?
rkowalski7: just now reviewing some of my materials from #sla2009; trying to integrate some of the sites I learned about into my routine
Big date with my daughter tonight :)
Anyone know how to use photoshop and wanna come over and help me? I will pay you in hugs. Maybe.
Avengers! Uh!!! No comment.
So many kooky movie sequences in the 90s to Rusted Root "On My Way"
I talk about JrFLL teams and then moved on to them (in FLL) - that distinction must have been lost in editing.
When you fall for personality, everything about them becomes beautiful too <3
R.I.P. Donna Summers
Whitney Huston - I have Nothing
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese. - Nick Cannon
I love you!
You too, Jamie! Keep your chin up & keep on #writing!
Ratings are ratings! Networks don't care about the reason you are watching the show. Hate or love it, the money is still green.
Kiss me like you wanna be loved, this feels like falling in love.
Contrary to what some may say, you CAN overthink creative endeavors. Sometimes its best to just get in there and get it done (cont) ...
YES Cleveland rocks!!!
Cause I'm tired of the ppl in Chicago,and Chicago it self
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken and 50 Wings tossed in your choice of
For DC Jazz events Follow Us, This Month Heidi Martin Live
Lol.. Is it tweeter ?! Or twitter?! Lmbo!! Miss ya sweets!! =)
Yes!!!! Can't wait for your birthday RT : Getting hooked up with sake bombs for the whole crew
I hope that is doin some work lol
everyone was avoiding me :(
I can't wait. 2 more hours till #celebrityapprentice & but I couldn't wait. The suspense is KILLING me.
I have learned something new about Twitter by the honor of following 2000 people - I can no longer follow anyone else until I get followers.
It's annoying enough that I think somebody from a war-torn, poverty-stricken part of the world would sympathize.
you could've tagged me in it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
lol -- just mean RT Tsonga needs a coach. Based that match, appointing Bellucci or Andreev would be an improvement on situation
Boy you are going to be disappointed when you see her!
I'm good - busy as all get out, though. Will I see you in Philly or Milwaukee?
We appear to have lost Goodjer from the #gwj IRC channel. Not urgent of course :)
Wow! That's awesome! I'm so happy for you. More details please...
If today is any indication, every man in Seattle got flannel and a cafe racer for Christmas.
That was tight to me
Thanks very much for yesterday's RT.
Personally, I'm hooked on reading blogs. So much inspiration! Hard to get teachers to make time for doing it, though.
if you would please keep me in mind if you meet other musicians looking to record.
P.S: who you callin' bitter? Hi, Pot. This is Kettle. You're black!
I'm all rigged up for a Boston vs Miami Eastern Conference Finals!
#Huguely attorney is coming up next with defense closing arguments.
absolutely a great use of meditation.
Coca-Cola
#ff love to our new followers!
. Are you ready for a #VAGOP take-over of the Senate? We can do it TODAY with your vote
CJ Watson might not want to read his Twitter mentions
is ever going to follow me? :(
please don't be my enemy, I didn't spat at your generosity. I didn't get home until 815.
We see support for biological theories today in psychobiology, which looks at DNA, environment, nutrition, hormones...chemistry.
Fiesta at red rock. Lady in line for deserts and she has her plate full of deserts and she asks the guy"do u have sugar free pie? Lol.
.I wanna get extremely drunnk with someone & wake up Tatted xD haha i wonder what i would get..
Emotional eating can sabotage your weight-loss efforts
Hell no. When Western people greet me like that, I want to slap them.
haha thank you! tomorrow, let us know what you think :)
Nice one!
My eating schedule is all fucked up :(
needed to hear that today! Thx
it is also why no season is won or lost after 17 games even when u lose 12 in a row.
Please let my card points be reset so I can actually play!!!
One thing I hate is when people try to make themselves out to be better than everyone else. When they are just as human as you are.
Girl,Nothing Much Youu?
Thanks for the RT!
Just saw the first draft of our new menu...Nom, nom, nom
I need to do some deleting haha
best part is , he is such a nice, cool dude. :-)
that sick! ima share it
RT : Big Ideas, Big Data! #MLW12 May 1-3 Reagan Center,DC. Marklogic thru BBC and Press association will power London Olympics.
Hmm, imma start writing my letter (: i need to suck it up and stop being so nervous (:
good morning ! have a nice day Landon!<U+263A><U+263A>
so so sad
what's a peole?
Reading "Say Nice Things About Detroit" by Scott Lasser
I'm going to play chess over the summer. I shall become an expert. The end.
me too!
John - NOT MUCH
Let's go Bulls!
Lets hope so! RT I wonder if there will be Gouda at the senior-faculty banquet tonight....
Oh- already added it. RT : Thanks Jill, feel free to include it in the Blackman Handbook. :)
haha yah, a bullpen and outfield may not be a bad idea either
A holiday tradition for our family.
love one direction!!! Lol i was just converted two days ago!(: Are ya'll gonna come to Houston soon???(: Follow back? <3333
When life brings you lemons. You make lemonade. I make the best strawberry lemonade ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You guys are truly blessed. Beautiful beautiful beautiful. Thx for yesterday.
So blessed. So good seeing you! You looked great!
Osso Clothing is proud to present it's first sponsor, Joe Pulido! Check out the blog for the full story.
I'm sure that is gonna be amazing! You are a brilliant dancer and choreographer as well, and btw great jugde too ;)
yes to the belt loops. So many things here that I thought only happened to me
Atmosphere and clams casino all day erryday
This weather is miserable. Do I even bother drying my hair?
These results include media shared by people you don’t follow
I Woke Up An Hour Ago But Barley Looked At My Phone
yea have terrible headache too
Fair enough.
YOUR BROTHER, YOUR MOTHER, YOUR FATHER, YOUR SISTER.
Yes I am serious! Tom gave them to me bc he and his wife can't go!
Can someone explain why its 'bad' for google to consolidate their #privacy policies? Wouldn't that make it simpler for the user?
Shout out Author Central contributors and writers extraordinaire!
Im so hungry.
sounds like this could be an unofficial #TxLA12 #tweetup in the making!
hey it's good to see someone care about others in your life. -Jessica
RT : Too complicated and off-topic IMO. <- Is it possible CenturyLink friends made it complicated to help kill it?
Excited to host a School of Medicine seminar in MARBL today. They are stopping by to examine some early anatomy books.
Thanks for the applause. May you enjoy many happy tea moments.
Damm I don't know what that means
just realized that could come off bad if read out of context just if u don't know me understand we put more faith in thanksgiving than xmas
Ever been to Montgomery's RedOakDiner ? On MothersDay we had DELICIOUS pancakes! And the atmosphere was friendly! ...BUT...
And I already have extensive bg singing and musical theatre experience.
Know what you shouldn't buy solely on price? Financial Planning.
idk *I Love Aaron*
3 concerts tonight gonna be crazy
thanks, girl!
It's
hi i feel like i never talk to you annymooreee ! stop being a stranger and get your black ass back in my life.
lets turn up
Standing at St. Pete/Clearwater airport waiting on Air Force 2 and the arrival of Vice President Joe Biden.
Go Kings!
I want Kerry Washington's weave. That is all.
I was thoroughly entertained by Melo and LeBron tonight! What an exciting game!!
Tomorrow we travel to #Orlando to shoe shine at a conference!
So I bought this "stag chili" at costco. I knew it would suck. I hate it when I am right.
A deer head in your modern style condo would be quite the statement. I can respect that! :)
if i didn't have school.
Did everyone have a HOPpy Easter weekend?
Well put, brown eyes.
were you on a station here in SD the other night????
can you just stop it ... woman
Forgive me for continuing to talk about my surplus of gunny sacks, but I genuinely do hope that someone will come to my house and take some.
This is far worse than any recruiting violation ever committed. PSU should get the death penalty from the NCAA...period!
can u help me look for agents and stuff for acting im a good actor
I feel it and understand that kindaa .. But it's what you make of it hustle hard then!lol
ESPN first take is always best when Stephen A is on. #TeamDazzy!
Let's have a pacers party..... Gay but apparently so is khaki shorts and tennis shoes
I also like turning to my scriptures, lds conference talks, upflifting music
It's like a wormhole device. Transports the awareness to keg-stands and dip spitting.
so are you like under York, PA? like off of 83?
you slut
omg... Wow.. Thatss to funny!!
Fantastic tweet!! RT : i love cilantro, i always tell the guy at Burrito Beach to "get silly with my cilly" and then we touch tips.
Watching young 8-yr old Ari Grande singing the National Anthem is just amazing. She has such an amazing voice, even at 8. Shes born to sing<U+2665>
Ill be glad wen the end comes, no more will I have to worry about bills n slaving at a job I hate, so its all good.
More rain and (hopefully) ideas headed your way :)
That's what I need to do RT ": Keep my mind occupied
I love the infographics on #AmericaRevealed. I'm such a nerd.
Sorry, we are referring to a live cameo by a living, eminent composer, not the Beethoven bust! Look closely.
yea may the best one win >.> cough cough (:
I have to admit, ever since I allowed anonymous comments on my site, I've gotten some interesting ones.
Sometimes you're the cow, sometimes you're the milking machine, sometimes you're the bucket.
just woke up. about to go to sleep
InSideYouUnderStand (InSideYouWill) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
Took my 11 yr old 2 see the Britans @ SS Water Frolics Sun. He's Beatle crazy.They r always good. together 6x longer than beatles
Kickstarter is around the corner...
With 7 multimillion dollar shows and another due to open in April 2013--has Cirque moved the centre of Canadian show business to Las Vegas?
Two great organizations working to help girls excel in STEM fields
Lol RT To those #InSchool right now: May your finals be ever in your favor.
Have fun and help others at the same time! That's great! RT Mardi Gras Partiers Raise 30,000 for Charity
the Lord brutha! seek Him always ;)
#ABQ follow Now Open!
Hollywood would be a strange place to grow up. You'd have to learn to be superficial at an early age to fit in.
If I win the $500 mil lottery I will buy the Orioles. will be the new flag ship station. Nestor - head of marketing/PR.Drew GM.
a giant alien squid monster destroys half of Manhattan.
you should follow me like you promised, please please please?
heres a question I have for u; I have philip rivers n the jets defense which they face eachother who do I bench or play both?
Intermediate #market trends seem to have hit a trough. Time to start #investing, adding #risk, & putting the offense on the field!
no bueno! Cheer up, didn't your children get you something wonderful?
Big thanks to Dr. Sonjia for joining to talk about her best-selling book #SexOnSouthBeach, available now on Amazon.
King Henry!!
Transition from month-o-veganism into day-o-dairy left me with a wrenched stomach. These dietary experiments are no fun.
Bucket list: Kentucky Derby
Q knows Cup!
The 5 bands that this boy just posted that he says is the only 5 bands that is worth going to warped for is wack! yes the boy is wack
Talking and rapping in a Bon Qui Qui voice like Vinny cause you're just that cool.
Weeds are assholes.
Surrey's! 2 locations on Magazine. My kids love the pancakes. They also make all their own juices?
« That 2Pac hologram was insanely one of the best things ever lol» EVER!
Theater Review: x2018;Clybourne Park, x2019; by Bruce Norris, at Walter Kerr Theater Bruce Norris x2019;s x201C;Clybourne Park, x201D; a
Laugh? We'd never do that! RT : Glad to support just don't laugh, first timer!
Not sure of the GDP--good question. Must be part of the reason that food is $$. Housing seems lower. Home $1400 month by beach
working together efficiently is they key
If I buy a ticket for the causeway tomorrow and the launch date is pushed out, how long is the ticket good for?
Do More with Less: Consolidate and Virtualize. Title courtesy of :-)
We are here to lead you to freedom, if we can do it, so can YOU!
In Carson.
OMG i just DL the Remote for #WoW Now i have something 2do on break @ school! #Happy!
So what if i dance like a white girl, i dance to have fun and it makes me happy so FUCK YOU.. with a smiley face =)
I did
First real #bike ride of the season on #chesterland roads; nice day, great scenery, but really out of shape!
Only 8h & 45m left to save $10-$50 w/ the #HIVE11 early bird registration. Register now you don't have to worry about it this weekend!
Night followers!
#20factsaboutme is my favorite & the amount of respect I have for them is infinite.
I AM AT GLAMOUR GIRLS PAGEANT.. COMPETING TOMORROW.. WHOEVER WANTS ME TO WIN FOLLOW MY PAGE. THANKS!!
Da drive was jus hot as hell
Movie recommendation is Quentin Tarrintino in "From Dusk Till Dawn"
“: hey, nice to meet you here, dude. Thanx before. (^_^)”- hey nice to meet u!
Great meeting you as well. Thanks for coming to the mobile panel; hope we entertained you!
Hate 'em & I try to avoid 'em ": Them one sided friendships"
hahah its so cute i thought of u(: and go ahead kick my ass cuz i got u a hello kitty present too
Just when I finally got "Zou Bisou Bisou" out of my head, 30 Rock shoved it right back in.
So today I realized, my earlobes line up with my nipples. Thank you über facts for your solid information about bullshit
We're about to announce a winner of another #MomInspired Gift Bag - get ready!
Rain, Rain Go Away, Come Again Some Other Day!!! Lol
I learned today an easy way to lose followers is by spoiling plot endings. Well, guys, Dumbledore dies...
the real q'n is what drives a woman 2want2 "think like a man"? We were created to be women for a reason. As a wo/man thinketh...
That philliy cheese steak was everything!!!!!:-)
Chillin on it waiting on the fam to get in Wats good wit u
: we had a blast!
#StopOahuRail Is out of touch with Hawaii he should not be sensitive to criticism, he can dish it out but can't take any.
Do you still serve dessert after a meal? As people become more health conscious, I wonder if dessert will become a thing of the past.
I am thankful for the people in my life who remind me of the great things in life and the greatness of my life. Y'all know who you are :-)
RT : Reminder of the great social responsibility of jury duty.
I'll Be Putting One In The Air Tonight.
Whats the best thing to play on a stand up bass? Solitaire.
Whats with all the #porn sites following us today? Is it Pr0n thursday or something?
I think it's time to retire my old BDG shrunken blazer. Maybe I'll take it to a tailor and give it to my little brother ... Maybe.
.....I need and want someone to hug me....i want someones shoulder to cry on :'\ J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
#viewerschoice lick jays armpit
#NSMN panel: can #NFL superstars bringing antitrust suits get public and fan sympathy?
u havnt respond to me & ur the only 1 who didnt send me a pic for the bday video
We have big Texas-size shoes to fill! :) [cc ]
this is why i don't do outdoor activities. my face is fucked up -.-
Shorty got a friend and her friend got A friend too haa.lol shyt is FUEGO ft husband or wife remix video coming soon
Lol I Love That Picture And Im Watching Your USTREAM
he would have left regardless believe that! Least we got something good. if Elway decided to keep him he wouldn't have played
with Herman Cane as the new media-proclaimed darling of tea-partiers, what happens to rhetoric saying the tea party is racist?
your from tha city, i like that
Approximately 24 hours from now, the audience at the Amherst Theatre in Buffalo will be cheering. I know this is so!
What's your addiction?
New footloose not as good as the original.
Been checking out your blog! If you get a minute take a look at some of Bluey Robinson's music, not a rapper but still talented.
and I love both of you. <3
Good question? Why are they late to online class but always on time in-person.
damn! celtics arent doin to good this season! Lets get this going Cs!
hehe....my lil puppy is snoring! Too cute!
hey there ... what magazine do you write for? i'd love to learn more about it :) our media tour is comin up fast! wanna come?
I'm sure it'd be a full house lol
Perseverance , Ambition and Optimism I live by these words !
On this sunny crisp Sunday morning - I'm reminded to look up from my connected gadgets and enjoy the beauty around me - and breath!
a huge thank you to for a tremendous evening. Good laughs w/ you guys... and of course and
in da wilderness.. ):
it feels fucking good outside tho
Today and tonight was just great <333
Mann mad I missed Avatar.
Level 3 Becomes Platinum Sponsor of South Florida Technology Alliance
Take your time Lakers !
is dancing to What Makes You Beatiful on the bus haha(:
Wii bowling with dad
Awesome day can't wait till tomorrow :)
no your just so smart you don't need to study
Lol what kind of books do you read?
me too ;) haha
"The Lord is compassionate and merciful, slow to get angry and filled with unfailing love." Psalm 103:8 #verseoftheday :)
How To Ignore Your Email Without Losing Your Job - PCWorld
hopefully Chris Jericho wins tonight's Fatal Fourway.
Awww :') what did you do for her?
Texas Real Estate Investors: Let us help you get the money for your next investment!
How Koren and I started cracking up during dance and everyone was like wtf >>>
Ron Artest is scary as fuck...
Fact that I have an umbrella with me on my travels right now is leading to some pretty high adult-esteem right now. #grownup!
He'll get in, pee and then get out and sit and wait for it to turn. When it's done, he gets back in again. LOL! We <3 it
sick kitty? What?? Who? Oh my goodness. Sending good thoughts.
“: Our thoughts and words are like the rudder of a ship—they may seem small, but they affect the direction of our lives.”
thanks for including us!
This year's summer heat is gonna be brutal. I just know it is.
Watching Popi! Alan Arkin playing a Puerto Rican is absolutely brilliant!
I'm located in the Lacuna Artists Lofts 2150 S Canalport Ave Suite 3C-11. I'm only open by appt as of now but you can come anytime
Hologram tech needs to evolve like yesterday. Just think of the tasks I could ditch right now if I had a digital me to do them.
better pic to show Detroit today? My suggestions: green roof on top of Dearborn Truck Plant, Detroit riverwalk, Eastern Market.
come here. I'll give you lots of hugs. <3
Amen brother!
I love my mommy.
They called me, too. :(
#nye Miami ! On the beach,Miami water is so clear w - moving here
Watching pick a hat is more depressing than watching the team on the hat play
Dope shit like that.
followed you back , !
#ChrisMathew is on fire!!
Canoeing series popular with all sportspeople
Burberry has a Chief Creative Officer. How cool is that....
In other Percival Everett news, excited to hear of USC event 2/16. but then disappointment: it's the 1 day I have a reading of my own. drat.
Responded to FIRE @ 3250 Broadway, Manhattan, NY . Red Cross auto update.
crap forgot to show the flight simulator
glad to help! Be sure to stay in touch!
Thanks to everyone who came out to support the Consuul Fashion Show last night! Time to get ready for ASR this weekend!
John Mayer kind of day. His voice is magic
thanks for all the Oct votes! Please continue to support Everybody Deserves Music by making a small donation!
If this is snow falling, I'm gonna punch a unicorn square in the tits
follow back
I wonder if would disagree now that he loves avocados. RT : Avocado ruins lots of great sandwiches.
Tryin to get on a feature ASAP!! How do I go about doing so...? This is a serious inquiry
Could we ask ASECS to create a digital resources editor? Other organizations do this.
If I had a dime for every time someone on uses the term "headwinds," I wouldn't need to watch
follow back?
Randall--"learn to trust our bodies...each of us must find a way to trust ourselves" despite the trauma
Don't follow me and then after I follow you back, unfollow me.
i know! Roxy has come a long way since season 1
The KIRO stream is a bit behind the video feed, but oh, well, I get to see it live, and I can crank my stereo volume!
I didnt know my old dance videos wud get me so much attention some I dont need.
Haha, yep. I grew up riding with my dad & I've always wanted to learn, so I'm taking a class in July :D
Welcome ! RT "We are really new and working hard."
Galatians 4:16 NLT Have I now become your enemy because I am telling you the truth?
Happy Saturday! Or as I like to call it, Wear Your Friday Makeup to Work Day.
Drinks and nachos next to the pool? Don't mind if I do
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I wish i had less money.
Love you .
submit your brand at
Join a hackerspace like , they experiment with the tragedy-of-the-couch-commons problem on a regular basis.
Thank you for another GREAT segment on Good Day Austin this morning! and I always have so much fun with you!
The collection I'm processing just taught me that there are red foxes at the Jersey shore. Suddenly I like the beach a lot more.
The Corruption of Cardinal Wuerl in Jpeg Evidence, Stats ...
Actually I'm considering staying off Twitter, I'm finding out everything before it's broadcast. Not as fun.
Attempting a curried salmon tonight. Mustard, cumin seeds in oil, coriander, tumeric, garam masala to a paste then salmon in the pan. Hm
#TeamSexyLadies making men drool since the beginning of time :D
Such a great discussion - Thank you!
Valetine's Day has passed, but out February specials are still around making you feel beautiful. Dark Chocolate Facial? Yes!
iowa has MM. go buy us some, you run like the wind.
heard that. I'm on the road
imma.be.playing.monopoly.
I have four gallons of Boost Juice Boost Cooler. Free. Hit me if your interested. Local to Northern Virginia only.
It's Friday and Late Night Drags kick-off tonight. Let's hope the rain holds off until they're done!
She can't do the Y chromosome tests or find relatives w/o a direct male but can take our Autosomal DNA test 888-806-2588
You have those days where you wish you could just stay home and relax...yea how I wish I could do that. But no I have to work! Spring break?
The cat left a poop on my sketchbook.
I was surprised too when we saw at the first game. Join us for the next one! We'll wear our #Packers gear!
I can't wait to see what God has in store for me over the next couple of days.
i love a good storm
um do I know you?
PI = Pass Interference.
paper.li does the work for me according to my search terms and Twitter followers
Realization>>>Determination>>>Success
The Captain just welcomed us to our flight to Denver, California. Pray for me.
Everyone please follow : ! Thankyouu :* Merry Christmas Eve ! <33 ope you all have a WONDERFUL day :)
My son
She also told me to "stop daydreaming and go fill out a job application." By "daydream" she meant get off Tumblr.
Evenius~ The crowd gives the leader new strength.
damn your right....
No school today...:-)
you think the L.A. Dodgers might have a chance this year.
At this Google Tech talk they are trying very hard to convince themselves they are social.
Good Morning Tiff, thanks for the follow ;-)
Looking for other new product innovation managers in the Baltimore region or really anywhere that I can talk to about work. Any suggestions?
OMG JACOB LATIMORE JUS MADE A PERSONAL FB NO JOKE! AND IM HIS FIRST FRIEND...IM FREAKIN OUT RIGHT NOW!!!
We're meeting up today to tighten up our set and make sure we're perfect for everyone on Saturday. Can't wait.
I fear that humanity is doomed to never reach a higher level of intellect or creativity if all they do is tweet about
thanks for the follow luv
OK, grades done and up on BB. Now to celebrate!
great and you?
let's watch the awards together like last time :)
congrats on the new building. Great for our downtown!
#InMiddleSchool I was chubby with braids
// Thanks for the follow. We hope to see you at one of our events soon.
We haven't heard of it, but we'll have to check it out. Do you have a link you can share?
"Call and see if they'll deliver just this once." when debating whether to drive to Little Caesar's for the three meat treat.
People are stupid, & so are you <U+270C>
Thanks so much Matty!
Who needs Prince Fielder when we have #CoreyHart and his bionic leg:)
It was painful to watch us lose again at home. And not a single goal at home. What is wrong?
i cant dm you because you dont follow me.
thanks you.
put it down tonight! played a hell of a game! :)
A hot night in
WHALE. I LIVE IN NARNIA AND THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN TO ME LOL BUT, SANDF;UIEVDBYLIVDVIBDVDBVIHDBVBVABVJSDBVJBVSDNBSD
Have you told the girls yet?
Wine time.
If I ran as much as my mouth did I'd be in awesome shape! =P
Don't bunt BP don't bunt!!
's mentions are probably BLOWING up.. so I probably won't get him to follow us, but it's worth a shot(:
note for bio: "war between the states"
hey what's up
yes u can! RT so lets me book my taxi rides online. Very pleased. wonder if I can do this from My Iphone as well?
fuck the free world.
made me a happy camper today
Ok, once again, I need a rife to Band Practice! =(
What is success to me? Kids that are
Your Vet will also advise you on the dental care that can be performed at home every day.
Missed out on some theatre events this weekend. Not sure why. Just happens that way sometimes. Nice trip to Naperville today though.
RT After months of the Kindle Fire's alarm tied to Pandora not working, today it randomly worked. I was like "where is that...
Life back on track
Only six more days 'till opening night!! Getting close!
My #mom #can #cook like #bettycrocker :) PrincessCiera
Thank you for the follow and back atcha!
Anno Domine => In the year of our Lord, usually abbreviated A.D.
agree 100% with your critique of this...
Why does everyone want a relationship ever heard of being INDEPENDENT !?
Man-hating is believing that change is impossible or unnecessary. Not feminism.
If someone would kindly give me a ride to Sprint that would be awesome...
lol @ people complaining about jordan's voice being auto tuned
I was a fan, You are a moron freakin DBAG!
LOL you must be kidding. How did you turn "poor race relations" into "all whites are racist"?
Hi Aaron, can I please send you a draft of my #PBL project overview for your feedback?
Oh, I forgot to tell you all the important announcement: I smell like peppermint and vaseline. Just thought you needed to know.
In Utah, it is illegal to swear in front of a dead person.
The beauty of digital archives: looking at U.S. African "diplomacy" on the eve of WWII. Economic interests indeed.
Shredding party for your block, plan one today!!! (832)545-3949
I would take him! hahahaha
I dont get it.. if all the other boys are trying to chase her.. then why does she care if he calls her or not...?
who is it
My eyes are screaming for more sleep. Why, does it have to be school already.
ill email it to u when i do ok i like different music not in a box lol but fwm
oh. Ok jw
Girls always be sayin I got a big booty (;
Oh my! Flyers simply getting taken to the woodshed. Philly Goaltenders wishing for cheesesteak and a tall one... Or two... Or nine! Lol
write me!
How many write in campaigns for Governor are there? So far I've counted three- Byrne, McLaughlin, and Other.
u have to at least tag me in the tweet if ur gonna say it...
my fav superhero as a kid was Gambit from X-Men!
Shit, I DON'T remember taking CST's last year.
Fuck you, traffic, always making my life impossible.
good to hear you on air again. Listening online from the road.
got my beer ready :-)
awe thats the sweetest post ever!!! =D my bad day turned upside down at 11:59PM
is this the right translation for sexpig = El Cerdo del SEXO!
An otherwise normal photo that has been ruined or spoiled by someone who was not supposed to be in the photograph. :D lol
i i love u like a love song baby i i love u like a love song baby i i love u like a love song baby and i keep hittin reaptpepepep
And Gregg wonders why he gets called a player lol
Hello people
ru going on the field trip tomorrow
I'll bring him down, I'll bring him down-down. A King Crown, a King with no Crown.
Thanks, brutha. I love you more!
YOu should check out The Bellmen for sure. We play several times during
= Dean Bowser "Coach I think I broke my hand"
Its been a lazy day.
We're wrapping up mixing the new record tonight and tomorrow. It's gonna be great. Can't wait for you all to hear it.
GRIND BOLD flavor >>> Union GRIND : Dark Sumatra, Library GRIND : New Guinea, Cambridge GRIND : Breakfast Blend.
Thanks for the follow! Gotta get back over there and get my breakfast for lunch. :-)
Did yr Service Desk get many iPhone calls over the holidays? Our last call 11.46pm on NYE was user trying to connect iPhone to the network.
Do I wear my uniform tomorrow? Or..
Had a nice visit from MS :)
yep... do tell!
all da damn time makes no sense for what i say
family guy is terriblee
How's the project going? You up and running yet?
Ok... I'm clueless when it comes to social network symbols and need your help. What does this # in front of words or statements???
I'm sad. So, I can go buy a chocolate croissant, yes?
She's right next to me. RT : Cause Tikky never texted back. THNXS, MAYNE.
will you tell everyone that i think their beautiful . (oh and handsome ) and i hope everyone has a great day tomorrow lol <3
that got a brand new dance you gotta move your muscles
There appears to be a clone of Arthur Darvill riding the Red Line today. On his way to the BidenFest?
haha girl problems I tell you.
Got my mind on this money all need is a bad bitch to have fun & spend this cash with
haha #GoodSign when you have so many people visiting the site at once hoping to help lil Wyatt and the rest I the world!
has the sickest music
Good luck, LaMichael!!
depends where they are in relation to the hoops but similar tickets were ~$1000+ for Chicago Miami. No real jump in prices
Sadly, can't send you a DM bcse you're not following me. What dates will you be here?
Lol my friends are awesome xD
Thank god for my iPod charger!!! I totally forgot it can fit iPhones too.
Know why I like Stacy London and Clinton Kelly on "What Not to Wear"? Both came out of print journalism.
Rock with us Saturday night at Radio Radio...
Thanks so much, Kate & right back atcha! We had a blast & are so happy you did too.
Thanks for the RT!
awwwe , roberts got a broken heart </3
Hi :) I need to play a concert near you! Where are you at? :)
Big time #NFL star coming in for a photo shoot with AP Images this Friday, looking forward to it.
Yay!! Just got a part in a spy thriller to be shot in August... I get to be a little like my girl Nikita... Holla!!
Cheese and crackers...best part of this show
YAY! :D HOW HAVE YOU BEEN?
Faith, to my mind, is a stiffening process, a sort of mental starch.
the car i just looked at. boy. :)
: I would love to see as a guest performer on the #xfactor.”
So excited for San Diego!
"Is the Book of Mormon bible fan fiction?" Paranormal teen romance.
"Obama host traveling circus" Shouldn't he be hosting another vacation?
End of Month special on Jigsaw contacts. Hit us up for great deals on contact credits.
Um...no...lol I don't know, everyone has different opinions on #hot. I know people who say Jolie isn't hot!
God damn it RT Flying to New Jersey in a few hours. This weekend will be an intense one for me. Wanna know what's in store?
you were a total winner of best night ever. I was in bed by 9 last night, day drinking got the best of me. Whoops
THAT'S RIGHT FUCKERS!!
Want details of the day. Go
Canadian tweeps: when you make fun of American accents, are you all like "I'm a-BAHWT to go AHWT-side"?
Thanks! Our Wednesday event was a huge success - such a fun morning! Great to see everyone.
Do u know of a GOOD subdivision map for OC?
Got you added to the last newsletter - thanks for the RT
Going to do some #FF later today. DM me if you want one.
#MikeyIsOurHero thats what's happening twitter.
Here's to new followers!! l
Wheres a man when u need one?!!?! #scaredouttamymind #hatespiders! :'(
woow!! the remix i did for lady gaga marry the night thank yu alcohol:)
At #kipcamp, is telling us to compose a good tweet to start the day. OK.
#BackWhenIWasAChild My Mom Always Talked 2 Me About The "Private Parts"
#SchoolMemories I was about to whoop dis girl ass FRESHMEN YR. Lmao
Like i just got on. -___-
If I see one more picture with a flash going off in a mirror - it's not sexy. c'mon guys....focus.
HELP ME !!! I wanna to have a lot of Followers :D <U+2665>
My heart goes out to all the animals and ppl in the midwest and esp Texas right now dealing with the Tornados on the ground, God Bless U ...
Happy Easter everyone! don't forget what it's all about.
Comment, Subscribe, Add me !! www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
Agreed. Most introverts would rather eat alone than have to talk to a stranger!
Ugh!!!! Auto- correct!
RT : "The current research represents the first demonstration of alcohol's effect on creative problem solving."...
Absolutely love #chasingthesun Keep up the good work guys
off to present at WLA about #n00brarians and virtual reference!
Yep, tis me. I couldn't resist the Kerrigan and Steinhauer books!
Um. No sir. #Tarheels all the way!
no I got mine last summer but I love it “: do you have the new one?”
hahaha! Yes- exactly
so, would it be weird to have a live band, and break dancers at my funeral?
thank you, darling. How are you?? Xoxo
No problem, anytime
Already got somebody, my friend, but thanks! We should start a catering fantasy baseball league.
I thought he was upset about it earlier...
Made 3 crazy beats in the studio today .
Life with Christ is beautiful
RT : Mothers. We love you. Thanks for making us. Today...is your day!
cucumber, tea bags, dab coffee.
you dont realize it but dont need makeup to look beautiful to me girl
Heard about the WM3! Thoughts? I remember you got ties to one of them.
LiL Bro Do Da Damn Thang.....": Damn 's presale tickects for dallas, tx is already sold out smh ."
Arrived in Austin, TX, headed to
thanks for the follow and support Mr. Jones go bears go cubs! check out
whew... and here I thought I might be missing the mark
lies. You shot a commercial. My print isn't even done haha
Who knows... Domino's could run a sweet Klout promotion and offer you pizza for life...
what happened? Low key crowd?
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways have cardboard boxes ready in case you kick him out.
they'll really be lucky if they were by my bedside lol
Your source for exotic Brazilian Hardwood Flooring
HOLY SHIT TOTAL ECLISE OF THE HEART IS INTENSE
In AZ? Make sure to check out our fundraiser thru for local #specialneeds org. Deets on blog www.knowledgesafari.com
Cauliflower?! Cauliflower blows. It's got to be my least-favorite vegetable.
If you love God...RETWEET
tonight or tomorrow ?
Royal Thai Government stinks.
. Thanks. Appreciate all POVs. Yours is obv. gonna be a prevalent one. And it's a corollary of mine: that this conspiracy is bunk.
can you sing the alphabet backwards?? ;)
you would have 5 cents :)
What , Simon be crazy, those girls are H-O-T!!!!
SHES A BEAST .. U ARE THE TRUTH TOO!
yeah... Its a huge time difference between the US and England
yay! I think we're grabbing a cheap hotel, too, just so we don't have to worry about driving 3 hours to get back that night.
Help us get to 100 followers by tomorrow! only 25 to go!
The reptilian, Harvey Pekar, Muzzy, and Northwestern tonight at It's a Kling Thing in Akron. Come hang out!
So many people wanna go with me, man I dont know who to choose. -.-
Do you have a second to talk over the phone?
you have great parenting skills.
Can I help you sell your home? Chris Lukens
YALL WHOSE CHEKIN OUT THE DEVIL MIDNIGHT SHOWN
New music from Neal Morse & Randy George being recorded at Radiant Studios. Mike Portnoy to join on Sunday. Stay tuned for more info.
I wonder if the #Cubs should market more to international fans, because Wrigley day games are watchable even with a time difference
So much to be thankful for - Gorgeous SD weather, Chargers, beautiful family, awesome friendships. Cheers to a great week!
In my experience if you cut HFCS out of your diet, you can eat almost anything and maintain healthy weight. It's in EVERYTHING.
that moment when you learn that the titanic was filmed in a giant pool...
Almost time for my boy Westbrook play
Sorry the Thursday night league is not on the website yet. Workin out the final deets.
Hey Eric! Just sent you an e-mail about making a fun video for Green Room. Absolutely love your place. Let's chat!
Girls in them Easter dresses >>>>>>
received a client question wondering how Nielsen is able to determine if a TV household is Hispanic
when you back doode?
We should organize some sort of event or do some kind of work together. w/ The Platypus Affiliated Society, that is
'll never forget what my great grandma told me on her death bed "bitches ain't nothin but hoes an tricks"
That last tweet brought to you by my inability to purchase the better-narrated British version of 's GRACELING on Audible.
cool who ya going for?
you are so pretty!!!
ok do u have a myspace account so u can see my profile and i can follow u
#EDU11 we need an "I promise to let people fail" sticker.
I find myself using cash less because it's easier to use my
YW! Thanks for sharing ideas on Twitter about achieving new levels of engagement!
This Saturday June 4th - Work At Home Business Expo in Orange County, CA - I'm speaking at 2:30pm - see you there! www.thehome-office.com
Thanks! I finished them finally tonight, but have no "off" time as I'm also working on another book. It's what I love, tho!
Sick of fucking competing. Becoming a hermit.
oh i've got a scar on my leg and the knuckle in my hand is still messed up.
We have extended our Buy 2, get 1 free through Sunday 4/29! Have a great weekend everyone!
#2011predictions i will find a
ah! Thanks, buddy!
The story develops with a series of vignettes that span my life as a youngster in Baltimore, a “missionary kid” in Colombia to...
8pm sunset? You guys are bringing me down. Can we get some nice baseball weather tonite and tom. to compensate?
Sorry ladies RT : Like my girl low key, no photoshoots, no twitter, no none of dat sh!t...just tune.
'go run out and buy a banana suit and wear it shopping on black friday. while checking out scream queens '
Just heard the most brilliant lyric 'I I I I I I I I I' Thank u Nicki Minaj.
thought you would get that!!
Don't lie to me: You're not recording this for MY protection. It's for covering YOUR ass.
my kids will be up in a couple hours, I'll see ya then! Have a Merry Christmas!
come over so i kan give u a sample den
lol, I keep getting this "someone is saying nasty things about you" on my twitter, I thought it was done doing that.
There are two novels that can change a bookish fourteen-year old's life: The Lord of the Rings and Atlas Shrugged. (+)
Mr. Dick Clark - Thank you sir for all you did.. You kept me safe on new Years Eve, stayed off the streets and waited to watch your show.
S/O to & other #warriorprincesses who recognize the strength, power & favor that comes w/ being Daddy God's baby girl!
My inner documentary-nerd is extremely happy with this week's Ken Burns-esque #Community narrated by Keith David. SO FANTASTIC.
But if you don't win you can always use our website. It will save you time and help you get the scholarship money easier.
Oh yeah! Saw a preview of that a while back. Looked pretty darn interesting. Thanks for the recommendation!
One day I will say I'm over you - and mean it this time<3
Pass legislation that makes the penalties for fraud count. New unit will hold accountable those mtg co that broke the law - Pres Obama
Nothing but liberal drivel anti-religion (really, religion-hating) bullshit!
makes sense
yes. Why are you stalking me?
Tha bros Ryy gonna beat up a nigga cause of this game..!
Xbox: You have a update from Xbox Live. Me: Ok cool. Xbox: Great! Its installed! It activates red ring of death! That'll be a $100.
#labutter Deli Magazine Release @ Best Fish Tacos in Ensenada Saturday 7pm. Did you know?
My mom just gave me her piña colada and didn't realize it had rum omfg its so bitter ew worst thing I ever tasted
Kit Hoover & Billy Bush are fantastic together. Beadle should do nights w/ Mario Lopez & dump horsefaced Aussie
For sure man... I'm doing better everyday! Not as good as you... YET :)
Sub7 and the Undead is slowly rising like a blood moon for the feast .
see you DID score big playing the game! shit shit shit! well, night. and no i'm not pouting. *sticks out lower lip*
Who are my fans???
WEWEWEWW!!! DADDY AND DADA I LOVE YOU BOTH BUT I LOVE DADDY MOST ...
I'm in what time?
thank you for clarifying this in the story
Marianne Williamson Every situation is a lesson in how to respond to life more perfectly.
It's so nice out ! What to do, oh yea nothing cus I'm sick :(
I would love that :) I'll try to make it happen! If not, I'll be home in June- just in time to enjoy the convertible!
its a side effect of that whole evolution thing.
The question is, will it be "Rock and Roll live NYE Countdown with Ryan Seacrest and Dick Clark's Hologram" this year?
today was a long day!..
Hello, please don't be offended -- was quoting info from several articles. You're in Germany, can you tell me real story?
Finally the #ImagineDrangons are getting air play..
Skinny girls look good in clothes.. FIT GIRLS LOOK GOOD NAKED!
Finally a voice of reason!
wondering if you're going to have an injury next season? www.3cpdx.com and Dr. Wong have a test for you! Get evaluated!
Shoutout To Our New Followers - Thank You
wow in the good or bad way???
You know the perfect post-earthquake food? Pizza, What, too soon?
NC State gets a bucket in before the TV timeout to cut the lead to one. Hoyas getting killed rebounding--Wolfpack have 9 offensive boards
- it will be the end of your free time!!!! Lol - hope you're good at it, or it will drive you mad!!!
"JP Morgan Disaster Highlights Obama Failure" #huffpost Actually, I think it highlights JP MORGAN's failure
just tried my life -_-
Learning about online STEM labs at #sloancres.Student benefits include having their "real" data discussed in online forums.
if I SAY I LOVE U say tht shitt back haha LMFAO
RED Decor will be picked up tonight for NOCHE de AMOR 2 | The RED PARTY | at this Friday
Thursday's schedule: 1:45 Equinox. Bring H20, protein, lock, MMA gear. Please tell Zac.
Kobe making young boys look bad lol!
We knew sylina was high for the first time,when she asked if anyone else heard the police sirens. LMAO
3 days till summer
yes follow back
Wow, jwow is the best friend in the world
Its sometimes difficult to balance entrepreneur/family life. You just have to make it happen and work best for you.
Had first non-friend-of-fam student visit to talk about pursuing a career in #museum and/or #archives work. Does this make me an adult? cont
“: The thief on the cross went from guilt, torment, and death, to streets of gold in one act of sincere repentance.”
"Best wide-angle lens? Two steps backward. Look for the 'ah-ha'." -Ernst Haas, 1985
Making spaghetti tacos for dinner. We might be brainwashed from watching too many #iCarly episodes.
We'll be for lunch tomorrow. Hopefully it'll be a nice day on the waterfront. Otherwise the tamales will make up for it!
#NP Soundgarden "Burden in My Hand"
This NHL Free Agent Frenzy makes me wonder why the NHL locked out in the first place. These contracts are ridiculous.
Nobody plays Whitney Houston's music for over a decade now everyone is distraught and doing tributes. Give me a break.
Everyone gets a big #hug today...Cuz I said so.
Games with the Er-lockers :-D
100th tweet :)!!! It's my birthday woke up 16!!!
Good today man
Hopefully ill get my hair braided this thursday
Yet another #RainDodgers day!
I own EVERY one of her albums,... tonight I sleep with a heavy heart. She is singing with the angels
PLEASE check out our site and follow us at www.facebook.com/SunsetIslandMusic Thanks
i was just thinking about the time and i had a water balloon fight!
Terrible pick by the Dolphins. Tannehill is NOT an NFL 1st rounder. Best of luck to him though, can't hate too much on a Texan.
Okay I really want OSX Mountian Lion now…
send us the link for the game! PLZ
March 2 is Dr. Seuss Day! What is your favorite Dr. Seuss book?
Awesome! Pint and Slice is exactly what Angola needs! If you need a local artist to show work for the opening, I know a guy!
R.O.M. = range of motion. The better the ROM during an exercise, the more benefit you get from that exercise. So DON'T cheat yourself!
OH NO! JACKIE BONAY IS HAVING HEART CONFARCTIONS!
$0 griff bucks not stopping me from getting my sweet tea
Out of the 86 chapters included in US Code, Title 22, the 2601 section is included in 36, which is entitled Migration and Refugee Assistance
has a house designed for a giant, everything I do requires a step stool.
Winner! --> RT The number of Democrat members of Congress.
1 hour and counting...then
probably so flawless.
Thanks Dirk...and the exciting part is how many more are coming up in our family. What a joy!!!
Up at 8:30 after 3 hours of sleep. Working on art. Listening to Bones Brigade all morning. super limited release afternoon
DONT LEAVE ME IM NOTHING WITHOUT U XD
Count me in! RT : I have the location!
Winners today: Faulconer, DeMaio, Frye, Lightner, Emerald, and Gloria for standing up for what they believe in.
#TrayonMartin is all of us
The podcast / archive should be up soon. ;)
slowly losing hope that I'll ever be noticed..
was I allowed to?
oh $(aspell), you're the only spellcheck I need.
& I see a hater
Thank you so much for following me
Good I aint want the knicks to get swept
Thanks for positive feedback on Guerrilla Usability session - looking 4ward to news on yr adventures in usability
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to be accepted by yourself.
