so sick of rude and inconsiderate people.
The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living
Because he's not blocking you.
I,m playing my Heartfield DR5 more often with really great results,its a real "soulmachine", light weight,HEAVY sounds!
Took my VERY carnivorous friend to my favorite restaurant for nachos. Shhh, he has no idea it's vegan!
Even Santa would love our FRIDAY Special: The Maxi-Burger w/ BBQ Fries !!
GET MONEY IN DA BANK ON WHEN YA GOOD...
I want to get revenge on FC Dallas! Who would you rather play?
i have no life(:
Happy Leap Day! What are you going to do with your extra 24 hours?
You are still getting more and more followers, but I just STUCK here. Maybe it' s because I don't tweet too much. Haha!
SpaceX launch aborted at last minute.
Listening now love.
Saw you both with your girls at Jose's on Friday night ... they were adorable! Hope you enjoyed it. Get well soon, Mat!
Yep! I'm MMEd class of 2005. Loved every minute of it!
got engaged in Florence, best 5 days of my life, it was all amazing
Stocked up on mad food. Only means one thing, first home stand of the season.
R.I.P. Donna Summer
Thank you for the RT Miss Jess :)
I'll even sing Justin beiber songs to you... Even tho I know NONE of them >.>
finding the will to grind on.
Watched Leonard Cohen Live in London this evening on PBS...superb.
Thanks for the follow! We hope you are excited about the line coming out :)
Representing and at the Assoc. of Asian Studies Conference in Toronto March 15-18. Booth 310
Thank Christ for a day off!
No way. He's been charging it for years.
Thank you for the mention
#SouthlakeOktoberfest tonight! See you there.
I was trying to reply to your DM about something but your not following me.
can you please follow my sister ,She thinks you're an amazing dancer and you following her would make her happy
Ask your grandparents if they know Delores Belhumeur, that's my grandma.
thanks for the love!
thanks for the follow keep it real like to get some media in the mag
My mom sees a lady with a bunch of kids and goes "get a fucking tv in the bedroom" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> my mom is such a creep
I hated it too until I got fitted at Cacique, Lane Bryant's in house lingerie store. Didn't know bras could feel like heaven!
It's all about playing the game and KIM is definitely the master!!
I'm comin back beginning of august
It's time for makeup, the perfect smile. It's you they're all waiting for.
Tryna get like you
#NP Get Silly. Last time I ever listen to this song
you wont here another word (:
Oprah Doesn't Know Everything - Huffington Post
If they add any more spring sports at Canby, I might just cry a little. 12 spring teams (!!) RT : Canby don't sleep
Quoth the dude, "That's just like, your opinion, man." Amen.
that's so kool and random and only he followed me!
Are your ppc landing pages tied back into your keywords?
I still remember you from Head of the Class and teen beat mags.. I think I'm giving away my age here
awww, I love you to anea. You're a beautiful person inside and out. Love you chica <3
Had a great coaching session with lawrence the homeless artist today!
iam sorry can u follow me back
Thanks so much to all of our new followers, and for our regular readers! Anything specific you want more info on?
Can't wait for Florida 2012 <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><U+2764>
I think it's really good. Funny. Katara is old!!! Haha
I hear you, but their first two are home, and they get 3 extra days rest after their WK1 game
i want a invite ;)
Really? Yeah, right up left down is the norm. How odd of Porsche to stray from the standard...
Exactly! We are talented enought to beat any team. We have to have the anytime anywhere mentality.
sound bytes & "new" initiatives are gr8, but what about results? outcomes speak louder than platitudes. #DemandBetterWestBaltimore,
Pretty damned great weekend, you guys. Let's say we do it again soon?
IDK YOU SAID AND I QUOTE "Oh, make sure you read the epilogue.." AH I WAS CURIOUS
#Podhbcu faculty productivity increases if you help them get organized with their writing schedule!
you're probably right. I get why she's upset though. She didn't get to see her only daughter marry
You're right. Your teachers are super excited for you! You've got our vote all the way. :-)
Went to meeting with Good Faith Casting. It went great!
i need a girl with tha nikki booty yea im tryin cuff
Thank you for the cookie recipe. They turned out amazing! So gonna win
"...Social media outreach has become an integral part of a #PR specialist's job in recent years..." via
Chris Davis: I just wanna pitch. The oppo Rick Ankiel?
thanks for coming to Lubin House! Hope you had a great time speaking to CRS students!
Bay area today. Saw Raiders and dinner with 49er clients and Demarcus Dobbs tonight.
Hearing good stuff from Adam Bain of twitter. Says it's twitter's 6th anniversary. Happy bday twitter.
Look forward to seeing you! RT : opens to the public tomorrow! What are you looking forward to seeing?
Aw, Tebow, should have ran it.
The moment becomes slower; thoughts re-arrange order, living this life when you are no longer the life holder.
KK and LL should not be news.
The Dime Parade will be marching near your City!
its a good song. I haven't seen them live, I want to! Haha
<U+6C49><U+5B57> - how soon we forget them, how diligently #skritter points it out.
#amlistening #JoyDivision as I put together a site re-design plan for day job client. The Eternal is such a beautiful song.
Simon is so cute! The fact that his head makes up about 60% of him is even cuter!
Thanks Rebekah, and CONGRATULATIONS on a much more impressive award... read about it today in the paper! Well done.
Shopping then hanging with my friends Jack Daniels and Sam Booka.
Im here in portland oregon
G'Morn
check out today
for supporting free education and social safety net, so are we against it? bad logic dude.
WHERE WILL THE SIMILARITIES STOP? WHO CAN SAY!
Hey ! Want FREE delivered to you next week? Just "Like" on FB by 11:59pm on Aug 5 and it could be you!
wow, that's Golden!
RT“: If someone you love hurts you cry a river, build a bridge, and get over it!!!" <<<This!
When the tests are far away, the Ravis will play
Modern philosophy: If I went to the gym but then didn't write a facebook status about it, did it ever really happen?
right on thanks for letting me know.
Thank you so much!
Milwaukee Area folks, the team is doing FREE facials & Spa Foot soaks in Dec! Email your info to: for apt.”
is it because the book didn't have Tilda Swinton in it?
I often ask myself "what would mattias kiwanuka do?"
We've reached 171 likes on #Facebook....please help us reach 200. Come by for lunch today and enjoy a delicious torta.
Weather forecast: 82 degrees and 100% chance of Cherry Limeade Showers from 6am to 12am today at Sonic #Baltimore!
aw!!! Que cute<3
A true fan will stick by them, no matter what.
You all our the best followers in the world!
movie time after I peel the banana.
rhymes with "dribble", right?
Come try us out. The free outdoor parking is great or try our indoor parking at $6/day.
"Falling out of love is hard; falling for betrayal is worse..."
Thanks for the shout out Rock!
Well, the English 102 course teaches they can also look in museums, attics, or do their own interviews, surveys, &c.
GOOD NIGHT TWITTER. <3
Great beginning to a phone call: a robotic female voice reporting that "THE FIRE IS OUT."
morning mr Charlie
RT : How many times am I gonna hv to beat up the same chick...<<WHOA DER' how old are we?
Have a good time with your long time friends!
Thank you for the mention - glad to be in touch with you here on Twitter.
Good surprise running into this morning. Give him a shout if you're in the social media space. He's doing some cool things.
Our country was setup by and for the powerful and,elite and still is.Propaganda said we are all equal ",some are more equal than others"
I need a new car!!!
They go to Dubrovnik on this season of #bachelorette? Way to ruin my favorite place, ABC!
Proud Feminist Porn Awards nominee! Follow #FPA2012 for the latest Toronto news. Big thanks to all our cast, crew, members & supporters!
Getting ready for church. Can't wait to be inspired by Dr. Stanley today!
It's in Atlanta this year, right?
aayyeee!!! I know u saved me a plate!!!
Ok, Cody, you've piqued my curiosity.
I heart break and you too.
WHat! u know thats where ill be........n fuck the ville
Lets go State!!!
City pizza is amazing
I hope things go smoother for you for the rest of the day :-)
Exciting news!
So bored!! ===>>> Lol...You Should Listen To My New Song Then :-)
No kidding? V and Grant would get along great. He ran all over the park today, leading an invisible army. Lots of "invisible"..
We have issues. RT all eyes on FL again! What's up with your state?
JJ directs Star Trek like a classy Michael Bay.
If you can give us the time, location and direction we can have customer service look into this. Thank you.
I hope you do visit Seattle someday, Kris. I'd love to show you around.
Any thoughts on the closure of Collegelax?
This is about the damndest World Series...No make that baseball game I have ever seen.
The Goodyear Blimp just flew over my apartment. Surprisingly loud actually.
A change is a comin! Just gotta keep the Faith and keep persevering!
certainly! Good article--quite on point!
You can never do to much if you can never get enough
Come check out surrender only !
That's the problem. Can't put her on if he knows (not thinks) she's lying, so he believes her or never planned to back it up.
sick on fall break is no fun! :(
do you know what it was about? (the shouting match)
Oh thank God...I was about to give you a nice little lecture young lady who's probably older than I.
OMG AWESOME!
go off on emmm
really came for Chris Bosh LMFAO
Cramps be killing a sister :/
great story and good choice for your son! I hope you have more moments of clarity. I fight 4 patient safety including your son!
Trying to figure out how to listen to one book while simultaneously reading another. Anyone got that down?
Wow! Thank you for the RTs and shoutouts! I love career advising!
"I swear, he is gay."
Thank you!
having a rough couple day.
Wow! That sounds terrific! Thanks.
Joel! please reply! do you remember me? It's been a very long time! still have that super 8 drawing I gave you?
We hope everyone had an amazing Thanksgiving! We ate a ton of food and then played a ton of games!
hooray for being friends! :D
me me
B: Its all about quality, not quantity Reed.
And such a fun date idea! “: Thanks to all who came out to Midnight Radio this weekend. 2 more shows! 7/29-7/30.”
i just <3 christmas songs! :) they always make me feel so happy and warm lol :P
Miss you brother!
Alright! Do you live in California?
I can't do this anymore, I'm done trying. I'm tired of putting a fake smile on my face everyday when all I want to do is cry....
Thanks bro! Say a prayer for continued progress and anointing!
BIG S/O TO SHAQ "COBY TELL ME HOW MY ASS TASTE"YOU MURDERED IT SON! WHEN IS THE ALBUM COMING OUT
Happy for you!
well he seems like a swell guy #beer Have fun in the cap!
It's "Cheeseburger Week" in Pasadena, California...But I'm in San Diego this week. So who has the best #Cheeseburger in San Diego?
Get the design services you need at the price you want. www.brandninjas.com
lol Awww that's a cute thought.
i wish it was easier to get noticed by you :( </3
I had dream that and I were friends and we sang On My Mind togetherin a duet! We had FAME to!
You're very welcome, and we sure did :)
We're getting ready for #TheBlitz 2010. Putting in as many gardens as possible in MKE on May 29th! Stay posted. More exciting news to follow
MUST fall asleep soon.....gotta wake up at 3:30am to get ready to go to the airport!
#sick #fever #weak #pale well, this is just great -.-
They did a great job casting and really followed the plot of the book. You should enjoy it... it is long, though so beware.
Lol you sound like me
good to have the NBA back.
Good morning! Got some running around with the girls 2 do Early mothers day gift, Amierae just telling me she loves herself :) Enjoy ur day!
I had a wonderful day at the spa with my best friend.
I don't shave my balls with a kitchen knife.
Talking to me in the morning is like trying to dribble a ball with not enough air in it.
lol then in the morning I regret staying up -.-
LMFAO ": Today, Facebook went public, just as MySpace’s last user went private."
A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough.
Packed matinee for at the !! Check out our rave review on !!!!
Baha. Lucky, I couldnt find anyone to go out with so I'm in bed. Feel free to send updates.
Thanks for the follow!
Red riding hood (:
hanging with
good morning!
I love Fridays :) they're so...peaceful <U+263A>
is one of my favorite anthropologists! How many scholars have their own action figures? Now THAT's gangsta'
Cheap Halo 3 Toys: Halo Wars Mega Bloks Series 3- Yellow ...
Tom Petty's music is very welcome right now. (If it's not at other times)
that's awesome!!
There's nothing like a sale at Diesel! Praise his name..
love his job with a passion.
The dudes in the dugout are all: "Ayyy ammagonaw yea babbadooodee. Ah ah op."
My neighbors didn't know that celebratory discharges of a firearm for New Years had been banned. We slept on the floor away from the window
The #Brewers may end up being a very good team this season. But they are a pretty dreadful one right now.
I feel fat, my boobs are beyond huge and the only action I get now is the Vaginal ultrasound :(
Brian Williams can tell me the news everyday. Oh wait he does.
Thanks Mike! That is our favorite part of the game too!
Loving the Rosebuds! Opening act for Justin Vernon of
I'd play along.
i love his eyes <3
Another whet hot humid day in New York Sorry folks if you like hot weather I hate it Strange thing to say for someone born in the Caribbean
i had to awkwardly sit out today too because my doctors office didnt fax over my note.
i am upset :(
#SongsIListenToEveryday every song!
im tired!
Just completed the outline to my second book...time to get the first one published!
two goals for who?
False! To ensure safety and high rate of success following surgery, patients are evaluated to determine if they're ideal for the procedure.
i-i-i- wanna go-o-o
I told you to stay in bed this morning.
In the kitchen working on my cookbook!!! Why oh why are onions so hard to peel!
Will do! I'm gonna make a flickr page for all to see sometime today. Stay tuned for link. And Fantasy CFB rocks! PSU+OSU=my team!
Out of almond dark chocolate silky smooth promises an a job .:(
There is no substitute for the creative inspiration, knowledge, stability that come from knowing how to contact your core of inner silence.
": People who put lolz #pleasegrowup !!" ok i will try and do that lol
a belated "my pleasure!" to your tweet. Love what you're doing online these days, and I'm happy to help.
Who's this nigga "Jones" ?
you two need to chill and Sam, c'mon man don't be sayin shit like that about his mom seriously.
My song "I need a Love" was selected for "Best of 2011 Student Compilation CD" yaaayy!! this song is on my album"Resilient"-GO
You mean so much more to me than you think.
UMM yeah. This wasn't the final episode. Obviously they couldn't have done that in a finale.
Baby I love you
Metro Exposure workout will be tomorrow from 5 to 830 at Iroquois HS. 72 kids in three sessions.
Miami sites you don't see in DC: old man pushing grocery cart of coconuts down the street with a machete hanging from the cart.
It was an honor and a privilege to welcome Justice Antonin Scalia to Nassau County this week.
speaking of cakes, isn't it somebody's bday? *warming up the swattin' paddle*
No way! We do love Astoria. The trash is my biggest gripe ;) Sorry for the confusion!
I must admit..I am a little tipsy I did drink 5 capri suns tonight
Soon: Sons of Huns, The Angry Orts, Tango Alpha Tango, No Kind of Rider, Log Across the Washer, DoublePlusGood, Jack Ruby Presents & MOAR!!!
Wholesome exercise in the free air, under the wide sky, is the best medicine for body and spirit.
has also joined the pac-16
N Korea launched a rocket and Calipari toured Eastern KY RT Been off the grid all day. Update me on what I've missed? Thanks.
we don't understand it either
Lovely start
Oh yeah u already know, thats not an option. Happy Mothers day to u and yours.
Researchers Find, Test Winds Extending Far From Alabama Tornado&#39;s Path
Thank you. Appreciate the conversation as well. I admire all who venture into public speaking. It is a gift & talent....
hell yes
Well put my friend! RT If the devil had a toy box, it would be full of credentials and suite tickets!
When I don't understand, I will choose You.
Something incredibly beautiful and incomprehensibly ugly: human nature.
WOW is all I can say and
Have you read "The Four Hour Work Week"? I did and I can't wait for those days to come! Until then... back to work
Prefinished Brazilian Teak has warm tan hues with soft tight understating grain, for a subtle rich look for home or business use.5" instock
The first game I played the random user wrote the answer. I passed and then cancelled the game. Totally lame.
Phone with my boyfriend for the rest of the night, goodnight :-)
A4: Change perception by: interact with your organization’s senior leaders. This can directly improve perception.
Well i'm clearly Hispanic
It's #iphone5 day!
The DOGS love you!
RT : You can't make your heart feel something it won't.
Welcome Contact me to make your reservation for the best sushi in
It's weird in a funny way b/c I've been having some serious #SportkingKC withdrawals.
cool! My sister's daughter must be a time lord or perhaps the Doctor's companion!
What? Only 3 pieces of my yummy valentine candy equals a serving? No fair!
I easily cry in movies. >':
Going to see broadway play #comeflyaway tonight at
#FF Fun tech tweeps to get to know! Happy Friday!
Another plus to ereaders, they don't much care how windy it is.
RT : Yea I Know U Seen Them Giants Too! - yeah nigga.I kno u seen dem raiders too.-- We'll run down Yall chest LOL
where are my ladies? Get to
Can't believe I saw Jeff Mangum tonight.
Bring me back to holding hands in the rain, I swear I'd ease your pain
You're pregnant! Congrats on the medical miracle, or a setup for a really odd scam ;)
Oh how I LOVE and her incredible voice!! Beautiful performance of National Anthem!!
Yay! We'll work out time and location later. Details, details...
Let me go and sweep and mop the kitchen. Shit. Been reading this shit for hours and I lost my whole day laughing.
It's a big plane! Lots of movies... you'll love it! ;)
texting my crush.. he should be my boyfriend
Just read like 3 months worth of tweets from
it's ugly lol I look pissed
What are your thoughts on this 70 year old's letter to Obama?
“Remember, we all stumble, every one of us. That’s why it’s a comfort to go hand in hand.” ~Emily Kimbrough
RT :) RT Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright till you hear them speak (via )
Did u get ur twitter back?
that was amazing.
Graduation day.. Ah!
I can't wait!! What a terrific cause!! Taking care of our furry friends & family!!
Metro u r useless after a week of getting on the local instead of the Blueline, I get on the train only to have the transfer local not show.
Smells like ham and cigarettes.
Thanks for stopping by! ": A little up from the planetarium on the levee- cool star-gazing! Thanks !"
Today's kellan's birthday... HAPPY BIRTHDAY KELLAN!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>7
Anyone know of University or Medical School partnering with Wolfram Research to add educational knowledge bases to work with Apple Siri?
Thank You everyone for stopping by and saying Hello today. We appreciate the kind words. And most importantly a great Yank win today!
I don't think the are serious about the #mercedesbenz louisiana superdome.
Holy Waffles..
ok now wait a minute???
Watching Resident Evil 4 After life movie :)
uhh, clarifying, ... wasn't a huge fan like the huge fan i am now ;)
Hi Amir, I'm in Irvine today, and am free until 3pm. Can I buy you lunch or coffee?
Ur everything I expected u wud eventually show me u are lol thanks for exposing urself before I did...
lmao I know! And yes they're hilarious! What about Jasper? He kills me
Dude that was priceless!!! So amazing to see how far Blink has gone and how much has happened! They brought music to my life :D
Bud Light I assume?
Ugghh why'd he had to be sleep.!?
sweet! I feel good thank God! Also got 5hrs of sleep! Woohoo lol
With a porn name like Jimmy Dean, ...hehehe shit - I'll leave that one up to u to decipher.
There once was a team from Nantucket, with a defense like a leaky bucket........
Jealous! Ronan was sending me text updates. Wish I coulda been there.
what an awful notion! Ok color me intrigued by both films.
Anyone using #Cinemagram?
is hanging out on meow right now. Listen in
Is Austin coming back on the radio or?
heaven can wait, i havent finished living my life yet :)
text me I need you
leaving for new york tonight ! so stoked to see all our friends we havent seen in months ! and the show saturday is gonna be a blast too !!!
After 6th & last performance of MozReq in Europe I threw baton at music stand, surprising me & audience alike. I guess I was very emotional!
would love to hang out but I'm gone til next week. :(
Neither shall be happening today
ROME (AP) -- Costa Crociere in Italy: Fire broke out on Costa Allegra ship near Seychelles, all safe.
MAKE IT NASTY! ;*
we like it too !
I am telling the truth
ScoreCenter just NOW sent me the right notification
Where's Peter Pan? I don't want to grow up.
Happy black history month!!!! #holiday #represent hahahahahaha
Last minute shopping for young kids? Find Twisterz at Barnes & Noble, Amazon, and many local toy stores!
hahahaha ikr! We crack each other up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Rex raves about Coples' ability, and saying he has good grasp on defense "Like his confidence _ and the good thing is we'll hold him to it."
General aging, as well, can contribute to hair thinning
Because your kids already think you're a tool.
Awesome. Thanks for unfollowing. Why?
The only thing that will make me happy right now, is a double big gulp of sprite. (aka, a kidney stone) Untill then, I'll be a grouch.
My arm hurts like a bitch today....no good..
sounds AWESOME.
ah that's disturbing
Thanks enjoying it MT Listening to give presentation about Fulbright alumni involvement.
Hope everyone has a productive day!
"Okay, I'm going to make me some eggs, sit down, then you'll leave, b/c I'm going to masturbate while watching Mad Men." Me, to the husband.
So frustrated and Im seriously tempted to skip work today and just go bang the fuck out of Bijou!
Have a great night all you FAC Heads out there!! Stop by tomorrow and receive 10% off all concentrates!!! And don't forget 4 gram eighths!!!
#RnBThrowBacks : All I Need ~ Mary J ft Method Man
Awesome work folks! See you Thurs.
its only funny to you if you dont let the other people in on it and they think your crazy
RT : Fmr Sec Tom Ridge notes governors understand value of development in opening overseas markets for their states' goods.
Excited to see Sacha Baron Cohen in character as Aladeen on the #Eredcarpet at the
you are really funny!
It's peek and not peak lol :)
So this is what it feels like to not have a sinus infection... wow
Kendall looking as amazing!!!
I'm sorry to hear that man. You made it further then I ever have, so you're winning in my book!
& to EVERYONE, a Very Happy Saturday Afternoon! :)
Reality always seems to catch up with you.
We American Directioners will back you up all the way!! VOTE VOTE VOTE for 1D!
I think its safe to say that every Streisand song is about 5 min too long!
Had the opportunity to see Bryce Harper last night... Think Washingtonians are in for a real treat w/the future of Nats baseball
Glad I know who my real friends are.
Don't wake me up, 'cause my thrill is gone.
Mexican Coke uses real sugar and has become cultish
Much Love to ALL the independent bookstores, especially the ones that are working hard to keep there doors open.
We appreciate the love Kristin. Becoming mayor might be a tough challenge. You can do it! One latte at a time.
society doesn't care about veterans. we lose comrads, bust our cannons and get nothin in return but an ass to kiss. im vexed!
Boston College AT McNeese State?? Is that correct?
Happy Mothers day! im so thankful for my mom<3 #MuchLove :)
really beautiful tonight. Perfect weather.
Movie night
Thanks for following! Great platform you have created. We look forward to connecting in the future.
Faults are thick where live is thin. English Proverb
RT Some people just don't want no money!
In all seriousness: You've got three turds and three blossoms. Who do you want to give 'em to?
haha! Hey whatever works.
that is the perfect characterization of all Sorkin shows. I wonder if you can trademark that phrase.
Development We are uncovering better ways of developing software by doing it and helping others do it
Chelsea v Barcelona i know u watchin
A special guest will be co-hosting with & on March 27th! We will be releasing more tomorrow!
Good decision! <3 anyways I'm sure he'll go to London. :(
It's not unheard of, but we aren't quite as reliable up there (yet) as we are in the District/Arlington. :(
I just read an article titled, "Fans suffered most in NFL's long, greedy battled." All games will be played!
#USBank Center opens #facility on Sun Sept 11th for 150 MKE & statewide #firefighters to climb 110 floors in turnout gear in honor of 9/11
What would Caligula have tweeted? Or would he have just made someone else tweet for him -- and then kill him?
ayooo you taking me to school then tomorrow?
1 day and 2 hours until the conference, according to the Association for Asian studies website!!
I might head to bed early without my blow up doll lol
#IsItMyFault that i love hard
throw the book at those damn kids! That is Not acceptable behavior !
Happy Saturday everyone!! Come grab dinner or a few drinks before you head out on the town tonight!
watching TV with the parentals on Sunday nights beats anything.
#_Wrestlemania28 (Punk vs. Jericho) Fans lookout. There are people sharing virus claiming u won a WrestleMania prize. Report n Block.
Learning to communicate with compassion.
Three day weekend! yay!
You are logging epic days. Solid. Cheering you on -- big fan.
Complaints bring you to a place of compliance...
thanks for the update! Still awaiting my autographed copy. :-)
It's a strange strange world when you want the #Capitals to win.
Glad I got that weight off my shoulders though.
"Be the champions of trust." via
Oh wow #arizona apparently women r pregs 2 weeks b4 conception. Silly politicians, that's not how science works.
hey do you have all the places on the map?
Its already gonna be 2 o'clock? Dang where has today gone?
Sorry about the delay, Anthony. Yes, you can. Could you let me have your email, please? Jake
I love all of those too!
no! I wanted to see it!! hahah
I've been neglecting my twitter account. I'll come back in a week
i always laugh at people who dont know what im capable of doing. ah people these days, you gotta love em!
I can understand the pissed thing
I love you 5.
Regional carrier Cellcom says they'll have the iPhone 4s soon.
Hey Chris...I was curious if you have heard about our new product called the cellhelmet™? We guarantee the iPhone, with no bulk.
Hey Mikey I like it, if the Broncos win on Sunday I'll get me a Tat of tebow Tebowing on my chest
hey, I'm really sorry to hear it. :(
What's the first rule of a crisis situation? “: With my brother Julius in Sacramento”
Was a bit disappointed with Anderson Cooper regarding ADHD meds. He wasn't unbiased. He clearly favored the medication.
Niggas be doing the right thing wrongly.
As we ask our Qs, you can ask Jamie your Qs as well! He'll do his best to answer all Qs in the order they come
I never claimed to be more than a one night stand.
Magic! RT edwarddedark after the horribly high death toll in #Syria 2day, official regime media says there were no casualties at all!
freelance writer. Trust-fund baby. Coffeehouse owner.
busy love! Apologize for being away so long!
I hate when I do something wrong, even if I didn't even mean to...makes me feel like crap either way. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
RT“: For the 1st time ever a hs club with in the mix and on the mic gonna be wild fuego this thursday” yep
Recalled a conversation about organizations being very negative free asisstants, unless volunteers jump through hoops..(sighs)
Lol!! What you doing up so early ( around 6 AM over there right?)
Can't complain the weather is nice! dnt miss the northern weather at all
Ghostfinger tonight! Someone come hang with me
Current Bowie Rotation: Tim Bascom, Bobby Bundy, Jake Pettit, Cole McCurry, Zach Clark.
Can't wait go to Summer Olympics
Attending Digital Public Library of America meeting at National Archives #dpla - plenary theater is packed.
Mic check videos on my feed. Incredible stuff.
:) Let's get that post-Gov20LA coffee now!
Don't worry I'm not having one :)
why is it whenever I try it fails! #bummedout:/
RT : #ItGetsMeMadWhen i got all this love and no one to give it to
this is pretty sweet...
A few folks are exploring a multi-wk #DevOps class in Chicago. Think deploy, host, and maintain on Linux. Reply if interested!
There's a discussion of grass roots marketing vs e-communications/social media. "Both are necessary." What do you think?
Look like a great shoot!
I'm tired of hearing about Google Drive. It isn't going to scratch or even matter much.
Happy valentines day everyone... :)
Magnificent #Monday to you All!
Well, I guess we can be absolutely certain that they didn't invent Facebook. Jesus...
Did you know Leap Year is the year women can ask men to marry them? Do you know anyone who has done this?
Happy to help out. Gives me a gr8 reason to jump back into Twitter Ville :)
one of the best ways to advertise your business is with vehicle graphics!
1000th tweet!! Thanks to all my awesome followers and especially for opening me to the twitter world
having Settebello for lunch m
GOLLY I AM BACK ON THIS MOTHAFUKA ITS ABOUT TIME....
Thanks for the Vizcayne Love! RT : well, its a great choice! I vouch for
fits yesterday's #HAchat right on the money, huh?
lmao, this video is ridiculous...oh god, but i love it. so overdramatic though LOL
I saw the link on fb first and thought it might have been sent wrong from the site.
That's enough sudoku for the day , dontcha think?
Thanks for the advice. Yeah, I changed my password and cancelled the applications associated with my account.
don't forgrt 2 follow my personal twitter also also lock me in I txtd u last nite like I told u I would!
I often find myself in that same predicament.
It was delicious (as always). I'm a simple guy, so just #PepAndCheese with extra sauce. m....
Before Mandonna I was in an all male Go Go's cover band called "The Go Go - Nads". We didn't have many fans.
Met Cincinatti Reds Barry Larkin and his wife today-- super nice people!!
Headed over to Bowery Electric to check some bands! A singing drummer!
RT : I would #travel just abt anywhere if it would create a #collaboration beneficial 2a project
It was a pleasure working with you ladies.. Hope to do it again soon! Hugs!! Xoxox
I remember when Elliot Smith died and everyone was all "hey what about the troops huh!?!"
ig yall wanna do the fun stuff wen im not there iite i see how it is lol
RT I your proud to be a belieber.
We lost the track off. But we got 1500 votes. Which means we have the best fans ever. Thank you for voting and voting and voting again.
My legs feel like sore led stilts. But it's all worth it.
TRUE LIFE | “: Roxy was like that! If ya wasn't there you missed out cc: ”
#GOODNIGHT or should I say
no tissues yet but I have them within arm's reach
You turned into a pretty big waste of time.
it was good seeing ya @ CRS, loved the new stuff, can't wait to hear more!
where is USA's "big guns" this game? Have Ryan, Max, Stastny, Okposo done much?
Dear music, thank you for being there for me when no one else was. <U+266A> <U+266B>
Work is work and I get it in hbu
Are those little fish all over his shirt? #csu2011 #cantfindthatatoldnavy #hesawesomethough!
Austin Aries made Bully Ray tap out. Awesome match. Crazy bump by Aries.
#FOSS4GNA starts tomorrow. Who's gonna be there?
I'm trying to read but hockey dudes are screaming & everyone's all omg! It's epic! & I look up & another guy gets a puck in the face.
My head hurts.
Looks to me like you didn't get both feet down. May need replay official.
Thanks to for coming out to support our AdClub team in adult kick ball tonight. Sorry we lost but thx for the support!
thanks for the follow !!!
Ray Weadock of LSW tells an interesting story about making major career/lifestyle errors based on poor health data
Got 3 of my 4 Conversation Prism posters today..Looking forward to framing and hanging in my office :)
They are eloquent who can speak low things acutely, and of great things with dignity, and of moderate things with temper. - Marcus T. Cicero
I'm bored !!!!! Who wants a #shoutout ?
#MusicNews Beach House – “Equal Mind”
C'mon Bruce! Bases loaded!
$70 for All -Over Color or Partial Hi-Lite (mid-length hair) with Cut, Shampoo, Style, Blow-dry and Manicure ($175 value)
It's May 1st and temps are heading back into the 70's! Bring on that summer weather!
RT : Even if I'm surrounded and attacked I will remain confident, bold and unafraid (Psa 27:3)
I'm pretty sure Manny Ramirez is the key to the start of an #Orioles dynasty.
2100! YOU GUYS ARE AMAZING!
No. RT what about ?
Hey People Add Me On FaceBook Cortes
Took in my first Macy's Parade from the warmth of a 4th floor perch. It was great! Girls loved it. Pics to follow.
you know it.
I'd wear athletic shorts and t shirts if i could 24/7.
that whole project is right up your alley...stoked to see how it turns out.
Light it up
Have I mentioned how slow my 2007 MBP is recently? 2gb ram and a platter hard disk no longer suffice.
Remake?! You can't improve on perfection.
Little late but All-Star recap go to publish tomorrow.
justTajaaa_ RT Dude is so done for , real talk . I'm tryna stick to my word this time.
what a game! #salute !
Lol...its only pee
idk she is jesus therefore she practically invented sports
Thanks! Do tell: what do you like in particular? RT : has to be one of the best magazines on the planet!
Mothers day brunch with the families
haha i belive im in the same boat
That awkward moment when someone says happy mothers day to Casey Anthony...
RT : Jazz musicians have mothers too... Happy M-day!!!!!!!
Follow me back :) RT
It was indeed! I loved that piece.
So I'm seeing in 4 days what?
sure, followed!(:
Feel most alive when u close to death
Compare and Contrast: DC and Cupertino
#WRESTLEMANIA28 legends never die. They just kick ass and multiply
wait on wt channel does #RyanSeacrest its on?
Dodgers fall in extra innings final score 4-3
You've came so far! This is just the beginning of something huge! <3 We're so proud of you! #Mahomiessincethebeginning. <3
Proud to be new members of the ! Excited to get to know our fellow new members :)
Sadly, I'm not surprised. People in NY have a NYC-centric worldview.
Do you have any information on this plane crash in TJ? U-T says 3 dead in small plane ax.
KNOW YOUR BATTLES....
package received. Gonna try Freedom of '78 tonight. Yours ships tomorrow. Sorry for wait (again)
I have the best wife in the whole world. You can argue with me but you'd be wrong. - love you sweets!
Bad boy. Haha.
(con't) ...and timelines which help to represent multiphonic stories/dynamics for a diverse public.
Big lunch at Harry & Izzy's followed by office birthday party...looks like I'm going to need some treadmill time tonight!
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Cant for summer... lets get this over school year over with already!!!!
Your energy feels so damn good to me
THIRSTY FAGS BUY MY SODA
Id give up coffee to become a mermaid
Waitin for to take the stage. Justin Moore tearing it up right now.
thanks for sharing the goodness!
catfishing is fun.
As would I. RTI would like to play a round of golf on the Coast of Ireland someday.
I just thought how hilarious it would be if he had a big "Mission Accomplished...For Real This Time" sign hanging behind him.
U follow I follow
Last time i tweeted Nicky she told me she went to the pink taco @ the hard rock casino, have u been there.
Different products w/ different features. Mac is on version 2, Win is on version 7. Does that help?
Aye! Whats your fav thing to do? btw, your cute! :D
HAHAHAHAHAHA! I don't think there's such a thing as functional marriage. I'll be married 21 years on the 18th.
Always amazed at the virtuosity that went into a song called "Hot for Teacher."
Why do guys always go for the whores? -.-
nice car? Mayback Excelero......google it........sick!
omg Princeton I love yewww:))))
I gotta hundred on me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
We're going to see the death of apps in the mobile market. Libraries shouldn't base long term plans on those. (Yay!)
Dress rehearsal with Collective for SHORTS. Fri/Sat 8pm @ Theatre Project. I'm getting full, slapped, lonely, and lung cancer. Check it out.
Just got hoed cuz it wasn't as many songs as it said :(
check out this story on about one of our favorite volunteers and FRIENDS, Deshe' Gully! we love you, deshe'!
thanks! Working hard at not working hard. Very out of character for me but I'm lucky to have so many wonderful people to help.
4 balls clanking off #bluejays gloves in the inning (2 E's, a hit a PB). Some bad luck for Alvarez, but he was starting to get hit hard too.
Always think it's funny when people "subtly" look down at my feet to confirm whether I'm really this tall or just wearing high heels.
Yeah, but at least I didn't get up in the dark this morning. It's a trade I'm willing to make.
We are in downtown LA at 7th and Flower, right by the metro. Stop by and get a ZICO!!
DO NOT CLEAN THE HOUSE. I insist.
Great way to start the day. #NP - - Breakfast.
FOUR DAYS UNTIL PROLOGUE REVEAL
& should do a song together!!!!!!
The OTHER Medical Education; Launch Date, Monday, November 8, 2010; 12 Noon EDT
Well, at least this time I didn't LOSE IT! Watch local sportscaster eating contest for charity at 11 p.m.
what happened to the old one?
I already am my own boss. Thanks
getting some paintings done and planning the October V&V magazine, viewsandvoices.com
When I die I want to be buried with some random animal bone, just to confuse future archaeologists.
Summer is gonna fly by <U+E01D> <U+E403>
Take your friend's dad's Ferrari out for a joyride.
Tostitos and salsa is crack
Lol that explains the 'lovely day' tweet...because its horrible in LA right now.
As long as nothing was pureed, you're still OK.
SOX: Another game, another fast start for the #RedSox over the #Mariners. RBI 2B's by David Ortiz and Adrian Gonzalez make it 2-0, B1.
Argh, I missed this one! Was trying to catch up on all my friend's kickstarter campaigns 2day. I posted on fb thread anyway! <3
because its true lol
IM MEETING MY NIECE THIS WEEK!!!!!!!!!!! AH I CANT WAIT
its officially. boys who sag are fags. remember ladies. boys who sag are fags.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Oh my God. He's got a Dwight Schrute CV. Includes "Alcohol, occasionally" & "Name of your sidearm" (Gungnir--the primary weapon is Mjollnir)
My love for EDM grows stronger by the sec!
your twitter feed lacking a Santa Rosa journo? follow
omg. <3 hi, you're tweet made my day. (: #WorstDayEver :(
Saddended by the news of Dalglish's departure from Liverpool. I think he needed another year.
also sucks that the CEO isn't there
thanks for the RT
I Couldnt agree more his show is cray cray
Since today is a leap day, does that mean it can be a do over?
I love you!!!
Who is this a friend or yours ????
yes it does ;)
I have never been so happy to be wrong about a prediction before lol
Bill Cunningham show is funny. Lol hot mess. Awe. #cramps smh :( I gotta get it together.
my smile looks nice today. o____O
forget about it Timbo...he's mine
Thanks for all the shout outs! Shout to the people stayin fresh as always &
RT Yes! Emily Procter will guest co-host on on Friday, April 6!!! I can't wait!
middle seat from seattle to seoul with crying babies last time..feel your pain
pink hat crew! They cant get enough of our hats!
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary.
I never heard of it until gave his talk at 2011.
Berlin? Sounds great. Yup, I'm in the city. Making do.
Cole Hammels doesn't belong in the big leagues...
I've loved the Reds since the BRM days but this yr. it's ok cause WE GOT # 8 !!!
don't understand why the "all stars" do not compete.... I was disappointed!
"[The Lincoln MKX has] easy steering and [good] visibility from rear view and side mirrors."
" For real how do people eat this McDonald's shit wow" - Cause americans will eat anything cheap, and we are that spineless.
yeah coach was like he aint doing good in the classroom!!
Randomly its super nice outside #not complaining
We would like to say thank you to all of the artists, fans, and partners for a wonderful 2010 season.
Protein>Carbohydrates.
Got a possible local Baker for artisanal bread to go w my charcuterie & cheese at Wood & Vine.
I remember that, the arms were made of pens and that hat was a p-nut bowl. Awesome!
yesyesyes. I made a mole. Hold on.
Bless. “: Breaking Disco legend Donna Summer dead at 63”
Ready to see and dev at
Feel like watching step up 2 and 3
PERIODS. Of all the things, why blood? Why can't it be like... fairy dust or something?
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
hahah you know it!!
Thanks for sending your funny shorts in for the January screening at in Palm Springs. We'll announce a line up, soon!
don't forget to put your cheering section on your list for tomorrow
After a months wait I can finally watch the newest #desperatehousewives! Hells yeah! Now shh.
so please inform me on how your friend got in it?!?! I would love to know
I think Sat the 12th (day before Mothers Day) would work best for me too
We agree! RT : I'm thinking a Bulls Playoff road watch is in order...
Dear unfollowers, wanna hear a secret? I have an unfollow button too & im not afraid to use it. that's right
Track meet @ dade Christian
Silence is golden sometimes...!
Sorry so late getting back-Teenage Wonder and my Mother seem to sap alot of my time lately, I'm having twitter withdrawal!!!
I can tell you, I did not really like the joke when I woke up...
I'm not lying :)
haha- I wish I knew myself!!! Is a very cool track. Don't think it's available quite yet on iTunes. Thanks for digging!!!
well then go tell her that
!!!!!!! RT “: If your text messages don't turn Blue then ur text messages ain't True #TeamIphone <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>”
saw Marty Furiak at Meijer with his boo lmao.
Our Excel Webinars start next week! Learn the basics! Use coupon code "EXC" for 50% off! Check it out! http:"//goo.gl/km6pF
'Sup Brewers....can't just play the Lowly Pirates all season long...feast or famine boyz....
Poor Knicks. It was so sweet the way they acted for a minute like they had a chance against the Heat.
Tweet this Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn
nope not at all :P
finally got paid, now i need shade & a vacayyy <U+263A><U+270C><U+2600> on vacation from work for 13 days!!
I spy a team covering the rain and sidewalk flooding, strap on your rain boots!
okay back to normal.
It was pretty cool - the food was good. I wore my fancy scarf so I could fit in.
I am so tired
“Africans must take control of their destiny, sort out their own problems, and create their own solutions” -Charlene Hunter-Gault
what's so bad about rain?
Im feeling good
what's up?
#AcBoWriMo begins now! This morning's goal: 3 new pages of Chapter 4 before 11:30 am.
One's truth is not shown by what their mouth professes but by the fruits of their actions.
wow that was sincerely rough. hot bath!
Wow. Amazing introduction for at the #wboc12 by Tom patty
Celebrating National Tour and Travel Week with at
I smell a comeback!
to planet Mars! *whistle*
#WhenOutJustRandomlyShout Aye, the fuck you doin!! At some random stranger and make sure you mean mug 'em
How awesome would it be if Dake and Taylor wrestle in the same weight next year? Have him beat "the chosen one" in order to get 4th title!
Thank you & readers! CHAMBERS eat + drink "Best Newcomer" 7x7 Readers Choice Award
#mudmelt Berrie: dev in chem & art have always been intertwined.
29 Scaups float, Vanguard of the migration, Beaks tucked under wings
Were you ever shy as a kid?
Cause I heard Jesus he drank wine And I bet we'd get along just fine
"The Ides of March are come"
I LOVE YOUR NEW COVER <3
The NBA commercial on Diabetes awareness labels former player Chris Dudley as an NBA Legend...I think the ad people need to research better
Actually, scratch that, I kinda like games during the summer... I have more free time. So, let's play ;)
A good night's sleep fixes everything. Windows open, tunes on, lights out.
Like this if u want to want hear new music!!
I've heard OCaml can be pretty speedy. Same for Haskell in certain applications. Both popular impls. are self-hosted AFAIK.
We're still open til 10PM! Come by for some
I remember when i could say whatever i wanted on twitter without people judging me
I am so pleased that you mentioned that there should be a diversity of people on the show. LIKE IT!
Well, they grow up to be predators. But, if you must. Better babies than wolves, bears, coyotes, etc. :)
“The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.”~ Ayn Rand
oh no!!! Can we reunite first!?
like who?
@ djsurreal305 happy bdayyyyyyy to one of the greatest dj's there are .... i know your having fun have some fun for me .....
I'll add you to my street team. Or add me.
you re-tweeted everyone but me it seems like :( Haha I made my mom watch The Client List last night <U+2665>
Failure isn't fun, but learning to embrace risky projects and criticism matters
Smoked 530 workout time for round 2. Wonder how dreams are going. He in bed picturing them I'm out making mine happen!
OMG 20 MILLION STRONG! CONGRATULATIONS !!!!
Today Is Not My Day !!
I think we're going on a cruise in August, and I'm *ridiculously* excited! Not nailed down yet, but should be in the coming week(s).
Seems to be a strong Philly contingent among #catcode folks. Are we the geekiest city, or just joiners?
We just gave a tour of the studio to a distinguished member of the Nevada Film Office. She liked it!
Summer is almost here, but it feels like it's so far away.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
If you don't have a job after high school you will think being in school was the easiest thing ever
Viola, disguised as a man in Twelfth Night, fights against Benedick's ideas of women.
see what im saying bruh, why you so agressive, lmfao. where nesha @
thank Tony! Have a fun day! RT : I'm here, Stunner... Sorry i missed you all. Happy Mothers Day to you!
My computer is playing tricks on me
Great run this am. Left home in Brookfield and run all the way downtown to Alterra at the Lake. Awesome 20 miler, right B4 the winter storm.
Waiting for Cobb salad to go at Pantera, oh boy
If they were, they're not anymore! Highs in the 70's today. :p
The Jackson 5 Finger Death Punch
Not till 3. It's not the children. Just people acting like them. :-)
what's good mell!! It's gurl6
Unfollowing everybody tweeting this gyat damn Tumblr quotes . Ain't nobody got time for that .
"Accidentally". Right...
Nats RT : Which team has been the biggest surprise of the season so far?
I hate when old people are rude...
feels too much like home?
RT I don’t have a drinking problem. I drink. I get drunk. I fall down. No problem.
ReTweet This if you Watching Baby Boy
You can't hide it forever. The truth wants to be free!
wyd tho baby, i kno you got a ol mane down there in Brazil you with lol
Single doesn't have to mean Lonely. Single simply means, I'm just resting my heart, until it's ready to love again
i wanna hear it
Bout to head to the #docter ....... Hope this sickness go away soon.
true true!
six mile run... counting down: four more days!
much appreciated - glad you were there! Would love to talk further...
Have a #nappybirthday broseidon king of the brocean...and
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. ~ Dr. Seuss
Love it! ": Bright orange sunrise!"
it's amazing, you're really talented!!
I know you happy but yah my prom June 1 && ma graduation June 12
aw better get tixs now then...general admission
no but all my buddies do. they are getting days off. told not to even come already. one buddy is a cop and say its going to be bad
Is someone available to talk?
yeah I won't
Bahaha I won't ask :)
Even though I've completely overdosed on Björk, I'm right with her in regard to how she feels about crystals.
I WATCH IT EVERYTIME BEFORE GOING TO WORK CLASSIC LMAO
see you in Guadeloupe!
direct message my phone dead im not in the house
RT via Watching a guy talk on his cell phone while he leans on a pay phone. He's just rubbing it in that pay phone's face.
At the end of the first quarter its your Mammoth 2, Bandits 3.
- Words infused with depth and beauty.
considering I woke up about an hour ago... haha. Honestly spaced it so thanks for reminding me. Tonight?
finally i get a break.
This am! If you're "Caught Undercover" w/an Undercover Black Cocoa Donut, you cld win tix to the #MIB3 adv screening on 5/23.
RT : Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. -Will Rogers
Finally sitting.... Even with so much to do, I am gonna put my feet up and watch a movie
So hungryy.. parents need to hurry their ass up
Girls night, the vow and wine perfect combo
#twinning? i think so. oh yeah and for #northcarolina is trending :D
I KNOW! I was to mad when I heard that! -.-
Had an amazing convo w my dad today...S/o to my Pops he finally quit smoking! #ProudTweet... Ive waited years to say those words!
UGH want food helping in the kitchen MAHOMIE FOREVER! happy thanksgiving
Abraham Lincoln said: This government must be preserved .. nowhere in the world is presented a government of so much liberty and equality.
yes, thanks! just pointed that out too. any way to find out if he cast any tie-breakers that short session?
get real you two
Happy Halloween! Head to Salem for a wicked good semiURBAN time. Just take the train!!!
You Orlando muthafuckas ate FUNNY!! You think people give a fuck!! Lol!! Get money & shut up
We had an excellent stay, very relaxing, with an amazing tasting menu dinner
V/H/S insanity premiere night followed by 2 hours sleep, press day, SLC screening and I am done people. Goodnight.
“: Shut up bitch, your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory. #GirlFacts”
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Pretty, Staged Houses as Fast Sellers A well laid out home allows buyers to visualize and dream what the home
Why am I still watching gossip girl I am 25 years old this is ridiculous
craft beer will do that to you
Thanks Leandro "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
#stm2012 how is data quality controlled? Who is going to verify data? Most of the current databases perform etl: extract, translate, load
Today is the day! I'm playing at McGovern's in Sun Praire, WI @ 7pm. My last public show in Wi til summer! Come see me & Scott play!
Did a little #ShoppingSmall earlier for Small Biz Saturday. RT to tell me where you went to !
i'm concerned...
meaning why wouldn't i like that ya goof
The man
.there's only ONE thing I wanna do right now. ;)
Fuck EVERYONE, get money!
Where the fuck is when I need advice
Mark your calendar. This is the 1st official attempted jump from Walmart to Wholefoods // RC Cola redesign j.mp/kZZFY0
don't forget the cover
#DoNotBotherme if i am singing a song! That i like!
Realizing how lucky I am. First order logic in HS and "Organization of Knowledge" with Herman Sinaiko and Wayne Booth in college.
please follow me. whats up?
We love the dudes in I Am Meridian. Go show them some love.
It doesn't look like its gonna rain today? #hopeful <U+2600>><U+2614>
Everything that I'm away girl I miss your voice.
Friday Fun: Go to Google and type "zerg rush"
Money dont make you tuff & keep thinkin u can buy protection even tha president can be touched
What is H-Town?
Yes! My sight singing was on point today :) my instructor said I'm a level 5-6 :D wooohoo
wussup new follower :)
awh you are so sweet!! I am great! working a lot which i love love love. how r u ?
what type of file does it need to be on w ur equip?
I've been hearing some really bad things about careercreature and applicanttree, you might want to rethink using them
please give a huge hug for me! Congrats to him so sorry I couldn't B there.
Had a great committee meeting for tonight, and finally found where all the wine bars are hidden here!
winning so hard I drop my flag~ SWAG
had a good day! at school :)
They shootin' a Lloyd Banks video. RT : #DaHell going on over by the crib police/fire trucks rushing down the street
I kno I just told my mom,I need some sleeping pills
Good morning...
I'm so bored ._____.
Listening to the grizzlies game on the radio and not being able to watch it is killing me
them new 4's not that ugly nomore.
Got my tix to the midnight Avengers showing on May 3rd! Oh yeah!
& we're thrilled to have you-enjoy all the experiences the festival has to offer!
tea and the new train album.....it is going to be a good day
First Halloween dressing up together? Tell us your couples costume ideas! And where you plan to have a Spooky Cheap Date.
We Carry all Sexy Hair Products! Get Silky Sexy Shampoo and Conditioner today! Best Product for
feeling much better today :) :) :) My bro comes to visit tomorro!!!
Talking very openly about Semester at Sea over dessert with other study abroad alums.
Smells Like Teen Spirit is currently bumpin in the whip
Do you love me? ^_<3
omg i hate my photography teacher... -_-
“The different accidents of life are not so changeable as the feelings of human nature.” –Mary Shelley (Frankenstein)
Decided I'm spending #valentinesday with my one true love...
i will read you to filth
I would say so, I have been dying to go to the crazy sock store!
,how about..Yahtzee!
When you find an awesome song on your own and you feel like a boss.
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Awesome! is def the best place to try it first!
Everyone give a huge shout out to my fav. young BIZNESS woman! >>>
I WISH!
Diablo 3 Being Released May 15! Not going to get off my computer when it comes out <3
I'm with you honey, bad design is death.
true. The only other time to watch AMC: xmas-It's a Wonderful Life 24 hr marathon
Victoria Please Follow Me
anytime. friends are always welcome. I'm in love w/ cooking now.
she doesn't understand us Ty..... She's just jealous.
Thanks for the #FF back at ya!
appearance orientation and gender role orientation on self-efficacy.
Middlebrooks is really strong.......
Doctors offices today :( . I'd much rather be in school with my friends
Penny Lane playing. Can't believe Beatles had a hit with vocals so buried in the mix. Must have been the flugelhorn
People with no common sense <<<
I mean, 's pretty funny!
I vote for 50 Cent
Um. Guys? RT : Meryl Streep and Kevin Kline Will Be Romeo and Juliet in Gala Marking 50 Years of Shakespeare at Delacorte
Sending the Holly Media Group a link to the press release about Yes! To Cookies for story consideration in their Hill Country publications.
A girls best friend happens to be her worst enemy. Thanks milton hersey!
Just scheduled a few #HealthLiteracy and #EffectiveCommunication workshops with Looking forward to it!
There are just some songs that NEVER get old.
I probably cite your image in my blog, or use it to describe what my survey software seeks to do. None of them is on my site yet :)
My phone has been on silent for weeks and I never really miss anything. It's nice not to have to stress about being reached immediately.
Knowing the bartender is great. Bringing the bartender beer is better than great.
please write a detiled email to thanks its blood flow issue
“Don’t go through life, grow through life.”
I knows
I have a bunch of clothes for boys n woman. Was going to have a yardsale but no time. How can I get the stuff there?
Got good intentions but bad habits <U+2661><U+2606>
you just opened my eyes while breakinnn my heart
Aroma's accidentally put 3 shots of espresso into my Americano (I asked for one). Luckily, they fixed it
I think I know who it is!!!
Former CSU Ram TE Joel Dreessen announced he's signing with the Denver
My son 30 minutes ago: Why can't you put me to bed? Me: Sheldon Jeter, that's why. Him: Who? Me: Exactly.
come on down, we keep the Kirin and Saporro ice cold. Hopefully it warms up soon for the outdoor seating.... Brrrr.
miami loosing by 35?
Today's Soups: Cheezy Broccoli & Chicken Rice
A reliable source tells me I was stretching my quads in my sleep last night. I weird myself out.
Thanks for your help! Can't wait to see the final show with
My K-1st grade students loved Sniffles for Bear & can easily connect w/ the book because everyone has felt sick at some point
You know, if you make the exhaust loud enough on your Honda Civic you can drown out your father calling you a worthless piece of crap.
so what about a guy named STEPHON MARBURY? hm
Bounty Huntin time
Hooked up my husband with an avatar/photo, now he doesn't look like an egg.
#FF #greenisleauthor Have a great weekend!!
Man, I'm finally out of that rut. For like a month I was so lazy, didn't practice music, and just felt helpless. Thank God I'm back.
#winning as of late. Today not so much.
You are watching this week's YOBISing finalists, Ania Hardy and Richie Ruggiero. Congrats to you both!
Marg re 32-yr-old who now calls her instead of me: "He's giving up on you & moving onto the next underage gringa"
Heading to see the hunger games with
wow that sucks when I get bored I usally put music loud and dance lol
THE KNICKS WIN!!!!! The playoff winless streak is over!!!!
i want to carve a pumpkin!!!
your boss owns his own sun?
Oops. I must have read over the word birthday in your tweet. My mistake.
The #ict2dc van has safely delivered to his home.
thanx 4 th prayer it looks like I have a job not th 1 I was countin on but an even better 1 #GoGod!!!!!
RT : Actors, ALWAYS have a copy of head shot & resume w/ u. I know they rarely ask 4 it anymore, but the day u don't have...
Chill mode.... Not doing it....
Beaming. So proud of you girls.
Elise and Erika are also my favorites for the girls. ESPECIALLY Elise<3
let me Engineer that joint.
artists this week: all a little different.
I don't know why you are awake, but I'm awake because my roof just started leaking in a rainstorm. :(
These females are definitely hoes! Will fuck your man just b/c he's your man. Glad I play my cards right.
I miss sprouts
sorry your cranky was undone by the great deal ;) glad you got them!
never mind :)
brilliant...it looked as though they were walking on stars....droolx10!
attack attack playing tonight, at the rave. guess who's not going. DX
Want 2 kno if ur objectives or op. metric is measurable? Can u sketch a person doing it? Then it is! Even if the sketch is bad #utaou spark
you are my inspiration for creating my talk radio show..OUTspoken Radio!! You are my Streisand!! Peace & Love
Our you could pick this guy --->>> ...he's the 'Deputy Editor' type! :)
Ok... Time to go to bed now! Enough games for one night
Dawggg. I can't take it
do you post your reason why on the comments below or tweet you?
Trying to set up PLCs for our regular school inservice time. Anyone have docs to help organize, record agendas?
definitely, im a big fan of crows and have them in several designs
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.
I just finished a 7.21 mi run with a time of 1:26:30 with Nike+ GPS.
yeah it's so complicated and there's way too much to cover. I'd rater have a 2-part Catching Fire than a 2-part MockingJay
Listening to Amy's music...still in shock! Loved all her songs! Joins some of the greats..Janis, Hendrix, Cobain...
I hope today is a good day :)
I honestly feel like I just got a celebrity endorsement! Enjoy the DR!
#FavoriteWhitneyHoustonSong Saving All My Love For You
no problem
Praise The Lord!
Haven't even lived here a month yet and I may or may not have any furniture, but something about #Dallas makes me want to adopt a dog NOW
What&#39;s in a name? Ask new NDP Leader Tom or is it Thomas? Mulcair
Team No Sleep, at least for the next week, and hopefully for many more weeks.
hey TGIF! How r things going did u talk with Burnie
Shit ima be a cop just so i can kick down doors :p !
it's so true it's sad
ok you have email. Just call me when you get a chance (much quicker)
#Blackparentsquotes Everybody ain't ya friend!!
Welcome to Twitter!!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :)
omg what is it?
It's a real good thing I don't have any homework left
The world is in trouble.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want. Stein, Ben
sorry-- bread and ink
Damn LA
thinks someone should just get it over with and "frogbox" the Brewers.
Who says. Blah blah word anymore?
No, I was supposed to work but took the day off to go to my friend's wedding. I have to leave early so I am anxious. :( You?
I had to supply more paperwork and proof of address to sign my son up for Little League than signing him up for school - crazy!
Also, I'm not really working 35 consecutive days. Just 8.
Time goes by so fast, people go in and out of your life. You must never miss the opportunity to tell these people how much they mean to you.
I am so jealous! I have heard that is an awesome thing to see.
I don't care what they say, the first guy who milked a cow and drank it was a massive pervert.
#iusedto wear pigtails
ohh yeahh!! it was in laundry !
anything by rufus or magnetic fields
The raisin cookies that appear to be chocolate chip cookies are the reason I have trust issues.
Got a Birthday or special occasion coming up? Book Attempt to Fail to host your event. Prices negotiable, and it will be worth every penny!
American Beauty
Fuck "Phil Pussy Ass Rivers" take it to em Vikes!!!
Cast iron is an age old and time honored material - loves commitment to design and quality
FirstFriday Galleries to stop by at #harrisoncenter, Billy Ray and William Rasdell..absolutely beautiful!
that makes me feel better too lol
My pedi was a waste of money , my pinky toenail came off
I have guys-none of whom are cheap-they are good-email me direct at
If we could somehow get lucky and get 2 of our starters back, we could walk through it next year. This top 25 is weak as ive seen.
Find the 2 main reasons (emotional/rational) for people to sample your product. Repeat that message relentlessly ... And give free samples.
Sounds good man. Shoot it over when you got it. Thanks man!
It's time for to come out of the closet on his true beliefs about #SSM, abortion, etc. Let's encourage him with
Yesterday, came across a great new program--Calle 16, a neighborhood public art program on 16 Street in Phoenix. They're doing great stuff!
Oi, Nathan is ur hearing fully fucked! Chris Lilley is a LEGAND
AH thank you so much for alerting me, my dear!!! look at us being awesome on the front page!!!! :D go etsy CREST!! :D
Thank you for not showing the singer's glamour shots during One Shining Moment!
Live tweeting John Walton and Tremper Longman on Gen 1-2 today.
I'm craving shawarma.
It's national beaujolais nouveau day!
Congrats on getting to follow you :D WE(Mahomies) all knew that day would be VERY soon :)
Yes! Bigger and better things are on the way!
The Cider Revolution has begun! We have established our cidery, and are preparing to liberate this fair land with cider!
Talkin to my Poe.... I been missin my nigg.!!!!!
Thanks to everyone who came out to support the Marist Terra Project!
Thanks! Fixing now. Incidentally, I'd like to call you soon. Tomorrow some time ok?
Knicks just quit now.
Yes i am girly
I Am Demian's Raging Bile Duct
Helen Tibbo's idea of a good use of Twitter and mine are not the same thing
watching to see how overall market pushes price
nicolas cage being offended by insults to his old timey pointy shoes his rage delights me
Is this for hard copies only? And can self published authors enter?
DH center @ Emory embedded in 'Research Commons' division. Interesting!
tomorrow sounds great what location/time?
I don't think there is a divide. I think most we are doing in digital is an often pathetic artifact of the physical
Up early on my day off. Using my super powers for good.
uummm there's Brothers. But idk if your type of guys are there lol
Exhibit A: RT I wonder how many of my friends just feel a little sad for me when I re-tweet myself from my own accounts.
Angelina Jolie - let us not forget she french kisses her brother. Pretty, but come on....
Weather is looking good for my 20k run around Lake Monona tomorrow.
It's on
"Idiots"? is a value judgment. I can understand why things would make Torvalds so snotty, but he'd do better not responding.
Looking for DJs to play May19th for Charitable cause Horatio Williams Foundation/Green Detroit Festival....9am to 5pm
Being Daddy's little princess > c:
Thought I would be sad but really im just like fuck u
my best friend is moving to a different state at the end of the semester. It's going to suck.
A women that loves sports
New Features Starting Saturday: Kobe Beef Cheek Ravioli ,pan roasted shiitake, walnuts, pomegranate seeds,goat cheese crumbles $10.95 yum!
Welcome to the Twitter Family! Tweet Away!
(bryan) RT: : ...Why is swineflu getting such traction? Because it's a disease with a BRAND.
#Friday. It's Friday
We have been retained to market the CEMEX Florida surplus real estate portfolio located around the state. Will launch next week.
; reading my text messages oh the fuckery, you know somebody mad when they send you shit repeatedly in all caps <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
People need to stop telling people to not smoke weed. It's their life let them do what they want. Worry about yourself.
Just went to The Poisoned Pen in Scottsdale tonight at 7PM to hear Josh Bazell's reading from BEAT THE REAPER. Great, and Josh very open
Dad's are always legends !! I just said goodbye to my parents in SF. Always sad to say goodbye unfortunately. BM soon !!
Thanks, Kit! RT :
great letter man!
I went in this store and it stinks...like really bad...my nose is burning to the max.
I'm gonna say the frustration is worse. Misinterpereting vulgarity is funny and endearing. Not having working tools blows.
U Have Many Emotions Right Now
Why haven't I heard from you?.
#Boston TODAY ONLY get a #Free burrito I will Donate to and Feel great! #Boloco ROCKS and #LifeisGood :)
I has some Cheetos.
Lasers do not make whining sounds or other annoying noises. You'll be able to relax and be comfortable while the dental laser is in use
thanks, i try,but it doesnt work. The Scariest Mom on TV is NOT "sweet" I think i made 2 people cry on Twitter tonite alone ;-)
The Juggernaut returns. FB Reagan Maui'a has re-signed with the Arizona Cardinals
LMBO!! The guy won't get outta jail until they catch that zombie!
It's good but slow.. mostly due to my own time constraints. I wish I had more free hours to do it but it's def coming along.
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
come outside
Great win #Mavs! = #CLUTCH and solid play from DWest, & JET
hey did you ever email me?
Okay. They started a Burbank Star Wars role playing group. Am I dreaming?
Great ideas are being poisoned by a complete lack of support.
who hooo, Captain America full trailer out tomorrow. i'm nerdy.
Both. Not ok to disappear late RT LBJ: Last night was he A)the reason his team lost B)the reason his team was ever in the game
R.I.P thurman
The University of North Florida has just become my new number one school choice. And the ACT on April 14th will decide if I get accepted.
Summer Travel Tips: Don't Fall For the Top Five Travel Insurance Myths - Houston Chronicle
However, my friend thought Chef Jones was the tastiest looking thing at /
Or maybe I will get drunk =)
Really sucks when the person you love the most doesn't care about you at all
TODAYS DEAL: When you dance, dance with your heart, I hope you dance
Idk y girls be so rude. I'm like the nicest mf
That's a really nice picture of you. I say thumbs up. :-)
OMG 69 TWEETS!
Super Bowl last year in Dallas
1 mile. Tomorrow two. this baby weight doesn't stand a chance- 1/2 Marathon in my future. I feel it, I have to start somewhere.
#Atlanta's weather looks like 60 and rain... great day for bowling!
great nonetheless...
add to the tour !!
Sinus infection! #drugs ! #shitty !
RT RT The summer needs to hurry up and get here now
keep up the good work girl! we must catch up soon!
At times I Ask Myself Y Do I Keep Tryin To Get You To Notice Me Should I Just Give Up?But Then I Say Im A Angel&We Dont GiveUp!
Also, if we keep this going maybe twitter minion really will give us gift cards 4 their Italian fried chicken assholes.
Many thx 2 all authors/donors/supporters & esp. 's Young Literati 4 2nite's AWESOME Bk Drop Bash! Hope it's an annual event!
Why have I never watched Arrested Development before today!?!?! So funny
a fresh start
Funny its cloudy and nasty out on black Friday.
At least 3 injuries in the crash on 26th & Moline. Two ambulances and cops en route.
Morial: Need to revise skills 2 match reqs of 21st century jobs to work for biz of 2day & tomorrow, marketable skills.
The glory of my life with my children is that it is every day.
sounding rockets ...Nathan's fav. Wish he were up to watch :(
I am there tomorrow tossing out the first pitch and singing take me out to the ball game. Makes me miss Kenny Powers
lmao I hate females !
Maybe buck can give the number to the guy I've been cheating on him with. I don't seem to have his info. Lol
RT Oh, you're having a bad day? In 1976, Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stake in Apple for $800. Now it's worth $58,065,210,000.
Big Shout Out to our new followers! , , , , and
Tacos for dinner!
56 Million People Watched Obama's Speech About The Death Of Bin Laden..Those Were The Only Ones Left With Jobs Who Could Still Afford Cable
Luke warm
got a new laptop, haha, its touch screen
your tweet are so... wonderful
I miss Suzies in North Charleston
Join for Happy Hour 2-9pm daily featuring $2.50 wells and select drafts! downtown San Antonio at Navarro and Market streets
What's your latest fashion find? Can be makeup, accessories, jewelry, apparel, whatever! What's in your swag bag?
OKC its will be Spurs & Heat finals Twitter Nation
i'm excited to be a judge! they better be funny ;) RT : Only two more days until the Funniest College Finals...
Breathing out of my left nostril for the first time in a week thanks to delicious Nooshi Siam noodles soup.
Its funny how the the only person you can really talk to about things is conveniently busy at your time of need :(
It's hilarious how quickly a person can go from being "Boo" to being "that BITCH." (not in the "cool" way)
Cat or pillow?
Apple customer service is simply the best.
Mrs. Morales you are a bitch and this class sucks!
you're still talking?
Hey Is your coffee card program still active? Debating buying one, but the site looks like it hasn't been updated in awhile
Thanks! Scoring that juvenile justice journalism fellowship from CUNY's John Jay College really helped.
I love you. But you don't love me.
GOD WORKS IN MYSTERIOUS WAYS. IT'S ALL GOOD.
Neverending sirens in this city. Still not sure whether or not that means people are still rioting on state
meet me at the locker after school brehh
I like poking people's dimples.
I was great for sure. This was my first year going, I will be back again next year.
lol cause I want to...*smiles
Thank u! RT : Happy Birthday !!!!!
It's hot outside! <U+2764>
I like him in some things.giving it time - I hated will Ferrell for a long time & have 180d. Stiller jr only funny as a bad guy.
Folding clothes and noticed I dried my "lay flat to dry" favorite dress. Now it's a shirt. Great.
One awesome event down, two to go. Up 1st, takes over the on 2/16. Head to www.UConnAlumni.com/Boston to buy!
As long as the Green Bay D keys in on Forte, this game will be a blowout.
Teen choice awards!!
Thanks for the RT Jeff.
Go hawks! .. I mean buffs, got confused with the black and gold
Touch down to my hometown....
I don't believe in fairytales, I don't believe in fairytales, but I believe in you and me, take me to wonderland.
Danica Patrick: Grading Each Aspect of Her Stock Car Performance in 2012 - Bleacher Report
Flying frontier out of Milwaukee is just plain sad now.
Now they have Skinny Girl Vodka...whhhhaaat?!
Facebook is totally confusing me now. Wall, no wall...post, can't post...blocked, not blocked...I need a #Facebook whisperer.
Actual email I just got: "Did the chainsaw get delivered yet?" My reply: "Sure did."
going over to for dinner and than just dt for the night.
yo you live in NY now?
pls send me twitter link for #pubcrawl this Sunday. Thx!
thanks bro!
I think the show has potential. Hopefully it makes it to a network soon.
Stuck between not caring at all, and caring too much. -- Notebook of Love ()
Can't wait to see Jim Anderson and his band performing at Rick's Cafe in Chagrin Falls this weekend.
Danng. Can't believe it's been a year..
MJG looks like a completely different person without his dreads.
So their names really are William Roberts & Robert Williams that's the funniest <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> ever!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
My back hurts
cat nap nigga
Zayn my husband<U+E022>,<U+E022>
Bubba Watson choked the win at the #Masters still has a chance to win, one more hole!
This is the 2nd last episode!!!
Gotcha? Did you attend? I had a good time out yesterday.
Gah I bet breast implants are so cool! The freaking implants are so fun to play with!
Thank you so very much to all our American Veterans! Happy Veteran's Day to You!
So sleepy. I just want a nap but I have so much stuff I need to accomplish.
Happy Birthday!
Glad The Pacers won tonight. Just 3 more wins away from doing The Unthinkable
Just used the front-facing camera on my iPhone to see how swollen my tonsils are. #technologywin Who needs mirrors anymore?
lol that's funny lmao how u and the kids been? Also do u have talkbox?
(sshh don't tell anyone that I did like one cottage beside a babbling brook) and I bought a box of cards bc it was old timey SF
Just bought tix to Bosnia in May! On this trip we get to drive around looking for a perfect hotel in which to shoot. No turning back, now!
when the ap has a parent come into the school.. and dosnt talk to them till he finds out from me if im involved in the drama
WE HAVE LEVI SHORTS FOR LADIES AND MEN!!!!
"There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the LIGHT of even one small candle"
That's a long boat trip!
Very cool! The future is tots.
Long hair, short hair, curly hair, straight hair, a ponytail, or loose hair, Selena's always flawless, every moment, every second.
that was so true about willard quiet room bit rev Al. Hilarious :-)
that i dont matter to you
love it!! Too damn cute!!
My ear has been throbbing for 3 days and I really can't take it any longer. I'm praying it stops soon. <U+E407>
yasssss! Omg!! And LOVE AND BASKETBALL.however #WTE is still numero uno in my book! ;)
I wonder how much will cry now that tonight is the series finale of Make It Or Break It....
I love #TeamFollowBack!
I ain't even gone lie .. I'm a pissed off Miami Heat fan! #ImDead !
i hope everybody had a good new year ;)
Actually, it has been moved. Episode 11 is NEXT Sunday.
This rain & thunder is only good for one thing...
Happy Friday ya'll! #FF Wine Love!
This Sangria got my eyes lowww -_-
Friend told me she looks things up in yellow pages, told her to stop....Google!
Stretching and preparing for a call with the effervescent - hopefully is at the turn out on the 9's
hey lady! Tweet!! =)
sure if it will increase traffic to my twitter and my tournament
I been good, how about you?
Good luck ! It'll be a good game
muggy for sure, but you should be without Rain for lunch!
i used to be huge manson fan -- mechicanical animals, antichrist superstar, but it went downhill from holywood.
if that's not what people want then what's really point of all this aside from exercising our freedoms
Hopefully webb's at some point tomorrow!
hope you get back at me thank you!
I agree :}
People are already showing up for tonight's event! Beer Geeks - this is our night!
wow! has winter hit!!! time for some gingerbread spice hot herbal tea to warm the insides!
I liked the draft when they would start on Sunday and go all day then finish up on monday. This Thursday through the weekend is stupid.
its okay
$6 movie tonight anyone?
Hanging out on front porch in NE pdx. Spring fragrances and ny times great pace for Sunday
Two down, just the one left. A 15-20 page paper is all that stands between me and that little sheet of paper...
how are you???
yea buddy! Haha you the man!
doing some inbox cleanup today, shocking how many unsubscribe links don't actually work
its coming ..stay tuned!
Happy Administrative Professionals Day to everyone, From Alfa Flower Shop!!
Still dreaming of the #Seattle1DSigning we deserve.
Watch the Throne concert today...!!!!!!!! I can't wait
Oh well, alright then.
better be huh
just like you are with Ariana. So if I would have said she's copying someone you woulda flipped to.
Just got back from hunger games premiere... On a scale of 1-10 it was an 11 :)
Waste not the smallest thing created, for grains of sand make mountains, and atomies infinity
Happy birthday to former Pioneer basketball player and all-around good guy Kyle Lewis.
If that's an allusion to the Trail of Tears, I might have to slap you
Not sure what to think -- we have expanded into a dedicated soda fridge here at
wait you're back?! Or is this just your white twitter?
Slide 7 FTW!
ugh, I hate Megan...
Unreal. KU up by 20 and they blow it again. It seems like every time they get up big they barely hang on. May lose this one altogether.
its so good!
*waits for scheduled fire alarm, knowing I'll still jump when it actually goes off*
RT : Happy Monday! We hope you all had a wonderful Easter weekend...wow, was the #SanDiego weather beautiful or what?!
I found your videos online. They are so helpful! Thank u! Can you tell me what mini-tripod u recommend to go a pocket video cam
Ah, the majestic Rocky Mountains! The heart thrills with possibility.
What is pool baseball?
stoked that #DASH is moving to Melrose!
The most annoying thing ever! RT : I've had the hiccups for the past 15minutes
nail in the coffin
OH HOW I WISH YOU COULD COME HERE.
they buried Elvis three days before I was born AND I appear to have killed Groucho Marx. Whups.
Heck yes! I've had it on my desktop for a while - I dig it.
All signed up for the 10-bridge, 36 mile Providence happening on Sunday, Aug. 14. This is going to be interesting!
#dudespunchingstuff Hey did you guys read my tweet, I missed it...I was in the bathroom punching all the stall doors and mirrors
Oh, and is at 5:15 (on Thursdays, beginning March 15th).
the round brown fox jumped past the boring dog.
elroy, mama's in the kitchen with the sauce!
so happy the jet lag is wearing off, feeling human again...
Commission votes to move release of second draft of district maps to July 12.
Just found #ThePractice on #Hulu... AWESOME!!!!!
Daily Grill isn't just open for Valentine's day, we're rolling out the red carpet with amazing specials!
thank you for forgiving me :D
Praise and worship right before this last week of finals is just what I need to keep me going in a positive direction
"When you act like a teacher, it's usually because you're afraid to be the student." ~Byron Katie
guess so
I was thinking maybe Romney can pick Rick Scott for his VP, that would be classic....
Dmac any word where little mchoody is going(Ben mcHoody)
Everything is, in a sense, authentic, just as everything is natural, in that - it exists.
Thanks for the follow!
great minds think alike<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> okayy!
EVERYONE HELP RESCUE AFRICA CHILDREN FROM A MINDLESS MONSTER JOSEPH KONY!
New gear ordered. Can't wait cuz I'm hating the raggedy, stanky stuff I'm wearing today.
Apparently I can't spell/type today, I should probably just call it quits for the day... :)
The brain does the thinking, but the heart knows more about love than the mind can ever comprehend.
The same conservatives who align w the church on social issues are at odds with the social-justice commitment it brings to economic debates
So sorry to hear. On Friday, it will be 7 years for my dad. It's a difficult time. :(
Dam that bitch is fine but I could never trust her they at me all the time but I could only fuck er
Failing miserably has a lot of perks! You become better,tougher,wiser& a helluvalot more buoyant!
yo im in pgh for the week we should def try to get together
The Vow is on DVD May 8th O.O I must buy it!!!
Two-for-one drinks at the Ottobar save the day! Or make me forget about it. Win-win, really.
the quality of my morning would drastically improve if pancakes were somehow involved.
Get it! We gotta kick it its been a minute.
You're a Hobbit fan? Do you also read Runelords? They're making that a picture too. Vote for actors
Only those who are ready to become nobodies are able to love. #quote Osho RT
hahaha yes sometimes
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you had when your dumb ass got caught cheatin'
You're welcome for all those notifications. <3
please please please please kiss for me. I miss her madly.
Does Lil Wayne have on Spongebob shoes? lol I can't really tell but they look really yellow
Thanks for listening <U+3053><U+3046><U+3061><U+3083><U+3093>!
Yeah I love singing.
Are you a single guy or a dad who wants to improve your cooking? Please check out www.dadstable.com.
BEA Bloggers Breaking News: The Bloggess (Jenny Lawson) has just been added to the show! Deets l8r in the week.
okay have a good time there.
I guess they're tryna go out with a bang lol
though I did get the 11 fingers joke right off the bat.
I don't spam people, or do I..... Haha
April is child abuse prevention month and KY leads the way in blanketing the state in blue/silver pinwheels so much so we are now sold out!
Grilled Cheese week is still going strong! We're also serving a meatloaf stack sandwich today if you're feeling something more hearty :D
LMFAO #fatboyproblems I think you want either some bdubs or some potbelly cause that's what I want
Too bad we don't have a leader who agrees.
Do not let what you can't do interfere with what you can do. -John Wooden
Mickey C from 98 Rock: I tweeted it.
I bet I'll catch more fish than you! :)
Getting all my notes together from #HOWidc I have a lot of work to do but
Mind sending a 100 word bio, best things first?
i Follow Me back at mayersmikeceo
Thanks for another great #TChat You're awesome!
*witnesses provocative, violent acts in an otherwise peaceful context* hi escalators
just remembered we were supposed to meet today. So sorry sir. Completely slipped my mind.
Congrats to Bearcats Pead, Wolfe, and coach Jones on winning Big East Offensive POY, Defensive POY, and COY! C U n Memphis on New Year's Eve
When I say insomniac, I mean it.
Let's pray for Tyler Perry Studios, and Tyler Perry
What is #TheBachelorette?
Very cool! re: Final dress rehearsal 4 kids show 2day. Young #actors doing great work.
#idol - Joshua and Phillip - odd combo. Sounded bad together but good on the solo parts.
Very nice!
i was trying to be a tad more diplomatic...but i like yours better.
": lol!!"N then Rudy ate 2lbs of chicken fajitas. Lol!
Hi Laurie! opens Tues May 8! C u soon! RT : Really excited to try PABU at the Hope it opens soon!
Bootylicous buns 3 workout.... Not the look. Ouch
I'm about to take a bath. And relax.
u crazy lol
Mayor Rawlings-Blake will promote the Clean Community Competition & announce the prizes - 9:00 am Tues. 2/14 outside City Hall. Join us!
The problem with wearing my glasses today is that I can't wear my sunglasses.
Im sorry but I love you I just can't lie <3
Johnny Ace... Like a boss
LOVE hangin out w/u!! We are gonna have a great time
Haha yea... I think some of them are made up to entertain/confuse the people who actually bother to watch the credits
Time to follow Kendall on gif boom! ;)
Hello November! This month our European Sites of Conscience Network will meet in #Brussels to discuss #immigration #xenophobia &
you'll see Vivian again in eturnity. She's looking down on you right now and will help you through everything! Your not alone :)
I love that for you!
Yep! RT : i am sure u r a wonderful mother, passionate person & great wife..unfortunately u lack humility & respect
that makes sense, but didn't know if they had a clause in there when accepting the money to override that.
I now have two holes in my ears.... (:
Any #venturecapitalists out there looking to help stimulate the #realestate market? I have an aggressive #businessplan that'll make you $.
Boutta hit the bench for a minute.
#shoutout to #nsu on the win
No fear... I was well behaved. Only a friendly hug. Who knew I could make responsible decisions at 5 AM?
The boy i liked since 7 grade asked me 2 be his valentine like 2 weeks ago&i got him the perfect gift! Wonder what he got me? Haha :p
RT : Alcoholics' 'injured brains' work harder to complete simple tasks: Finger tapping study shows alcoholics may rec......
#JustRememberThat if God isn't the number one relationship in your life, every other relationship will struggle.
Former Secretary of State and GU Professor Madeleine Albright will receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom later this spring.
Just Came From Lunch , I Slammed!
If you're ever in Lakewood it will be waiting for you. :)
THAT is an unacceptable and horrible loss. Period
LOVE AND ...yikes. is so Gorg though!!:)
Thanks new followers!
Yep. Just when it finally started to get its footing.
i hate school! RT if you agree with me :D
There is an sale today for $.99 and $1.99! Gotta get those on your site! Inmate 1577, The Hunted, Fatal Twist!
nothing against Portland Creative List, but the inquiries I receive via this channel are often poorly constructed and a waste of time
at least they called! Senate credit union canceled my card w/ warning. I didn't figure it out until I was out of town w no cash.
dats good auntie
If you message me on twitter and aren't following me, I can't reply to you. So follow me!!
Star. Been here w/folks since 4:30. We have a canopy.
Thanks so much for sharing info on #WineRev! See you Saturday.
Please let us know if you will be staying with us during
this girl had high heels, and her ass hanging out of these shorts & I scream NO CLASS! & Julie was pulling her shorts down as we walk by her
Love embarrassing boston
This one works, I used it! I don't have my homework Mrs./Mr.______ because my pen exploded in my backpack destroying my homework.
Lmao not my wee wee... Gotta love Stewie
I love that!
On my way to #ChicagoDebates, presented by
Is bad art worse than no art?
Dear , have a #choke and a smile.
He always knows how to make me smile.. <3
Operation Dismantle My Laptop for Hard Drive: and....go!!
I won't be on Twitter for a while... I have finals coming up really soon and I haven't studied at all. Bye guys!! Stay Mavelous!!! <3
Prepping for tonights Bucks game, if ur coming be ready for us to intro 2 special celebs tonight!
is that right???
Know your goals. Where do you want to end up? Use what you know. Think big. Start small.
And if QPR lose, they drop down into the Championship League.
doug made me go. It about killed me to get up.
Okay, I'm DM you it.
can anyone in twitter-topia tell me what the heck is "encoding bias?"
RT Many times the numbers are misleading. Int'l students from Asia are often included in the stats, masking experience of AAPIs.
Congrats --Meryl Streep is brillant- no one can deny that.
what app is that? Haha
I love you now, I'll love you forever have a great day my dear! (:
Check us out this weekend! Play for a chance to win an iPad2 for our Mon. Night Mayhem contest. It's FREE,simple and quick.www.playffnow.com
my last tweet of the night before i go 2 sleep goes out 2.... and (#Random) Faites de beaux rêves #Arinators <U+2665>
How about "The Guilty" did you enjoy making that? I had a similar less dramatized real life situation like that happen to me.
How did your shows go? told us you were performing last week! :)
And they're hu
So many major blogs are powered by Wordpress. Must make it hard to sell business blogware, charging for keywords & extensions.
Kickin' it on shakedown street at Reggae on the Rocks
Just saw Canadian Men's National team at Urban Outfitters!
Exhibits sumited plaintiff arguments beginning.
Sounds like a sweet setup. Report any Jasikevicius jersey sightings.
Tweeting fave #kid #books in '12. #4 Groundhog Gets a Say-Pamela Curtis Swallow. He's letting all know the "Hog truth" about who he is. Fun!
haha not sure the next time we play since we played recently here
Troy Ave and Avon Blocksdale call out the game's "MC Gustos" over a menacing beat off of Troy's new mixtape, Bricks in M
The highest reward for man's toil is not what he gets for it, but what he becomes by it. ~ John Ruskin
All I want is a cupcake..
Back in beast mode.....
thanks for the follow shoutout :)
Bermuda born but im an American Cannibal
lets start a riot
Bottom of the 15th inning for the #RedSox and #Orioles. Woof.
I want a summer girl friend.
Did that really just happen?! Are you fucking kidding me??? Jesus.
Give me about 5 - I'll swing by.
did you see the sale at ? 30% off sale
Thank God its FRIDAY
Here in #Orlando and our second travel Job is going better than great!
Another home improvement project uncovers yet another gross code violation by my home's previous owner
Hi - since you haven't really used your account in a while - mind if and I make better use of it for a community project?
I could kill you for that earworm......
The drama at netflix seems to go on and on... I bet Hulu and Amazon execs are really enjoying it!
Heat cancel practice today. I'm thinkin they did it so they wouldnt need to be available to media. I'm sure they'll still do a walkthrough
Time to take a break for the day, back at it again tomorrow. Tschüß!
He's obviously heard it from somewhere...it's not like he can whip your ass!!!
OMG IT WAS LIKE THE MOST AWESOME EPISODE EVER i really loved it you have to see it asap
Tune in to CBS Better Mornings Atlanta NOW. Doc Chey will be talking about our 15 days of Chinese New Year celebration, which starts today!
oh I kno wat that wink face mean lol
Bike cops hanging out all over ina and thornydale..watch out!
he heard I got a pretty face & stand up like a stallion <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E> ...
; "Who pissed in your cereal bowl?" ; "You just did." Hahah.
I think this is the Steve Martin you're looking for
hahaha just what we needed!
Oh my god, what happened?
GOLF | Watney answers the call at Wells Fargo - Sports - SunHerald ...
I can't be worse off than I am right now
I hope hurry's up and follows me back. I'd be honored to have a 3 time all-conference player as my 200th follower!
Rain rain go away!
Getting ready to present 19 posters at #ARVO11 down in Ft. Lauderdale on May 1st!
Oh it's okay you may try some other time. Thanks and take care.
Nice to meet you!I was in ur neck of the woods last summer during the hurricane.I was by u when it hit LI and on LI when it hit u.
in life you will have fans and then you will have haters.
you know it!!! haha
THE CAT IS IN THE BAG
i hate dat song up al night i only likie nicki minaj part
Happy Memorial DAY!!! Holidays mean AKA Tazzy Tiffy's workin her but off with tourists!
I think there's a yellow button you can click for that....
im convinced most of yall need a life.... get it together...
back to normal
Ain't gotta think about it.
Tyreke Evans with the smooth spin move and the nice reverse finish in OKC
Honolulu Zoo> Oregon Zoo
Today is gonna stink. ):
i don't have a FB girly D: just incase Chris didn't get it, should I tell my mom to go through with the message?
U will never notice me? right....yeaa..I'm right..<|3
I've come to the realization that since being with I have seen so many more movies lol
as long as content is good and easy to navigate I don't care what it looks like..
host 1st Wednesday's
Prez Day Twitter Trivia: Which two presidents share a birthday? No cheating!
is there a direct link?
On my way to the mall gotta buy her a mothers day gift really fast, what can i buy with $300
thats where everyone does
yess.. great interpretation of the word!
3 6 9 Productions has a website now! Come see and tell us what you think: 369productions.org
Natural gas and oil production in Texas' Eagle Ford Shale are forecast to grow more than 3x and nearly 6x, respectively, in the next decade.
ok nah she just collapsed but fuck, it'd be fucked up if she died. such a sad turn of events for her
Coffee became more commonly accepted after it was allowed as an acceptable Christian beverage by Pope Clement VI in 1600.
dear iTunes, thanks for crapping out 5min from the end of the video I was watching for class. Grrr. I was on a notetaking roll!
(the cancer, of course, not the chemo center)
a faculty member sent it out to the dept. i'll keep my eyes peeled! how's your prep for the move to IL?
and the people where the backdrop fell got a high platinum and first overall, even with biscuits, crotch tilts, and flailing arms.
Not all of us can afford to be "wined & dined" at a guy's Pro day ;)
Hm, think I'm going to try out for brunch on Sunday. Their crepes and breakfast sandwiches sound awesome!
same here just got done watching it
": #ThingsINeed to stop being such a hater/bully. #getalife #stopworryingaboutmine" bitch please my lifes awesome
Use good oil when cooking. Smell and taste it: If it doesn't taste good alone, it won't taste good in your food.<U+FFFD>
At applebee's with my best friends
Become a sound bite machine and reporters will love you for it. The best quotes are pithy little sentences that seem to sum everything up.
Feel better!! Don't give up! We're here for you!
Thanks! So glad you enjoyed Body & Soul! :)
I love #misletoe! Soo AMAZING! LOVE YA (:
discovered & his band ohh im in love they are awesome.i love your call me maybe cover.just want you to know you can call me, baby
We are in a position to improve education, but we cannot move the needle alone, says Ward.
#WaysToMakeMeHappy Don't say things you don't mean.
his scoring is consistent. He makes things easier on LBJ & Wade. Now they'll have 2 play more mins. His perimeter D, rebounding.
Intelligence and hard work run in the family. Way to go! RT : I was inducted 2010 and my sister will be inducted this year. =)
Fitna take a nap before the games come on.... I feel a whoop comin on cuz.
She take me to mister a'swhile she dropping off mcdonalds to you saying she going on a date.
And a good morning to you too!
Pretty awkward when you and your mom are texting the same person! I'm so sorry
lmao RT : RT : Perkins headed to the locker room. This could really hurt OKC's chances of winning by 30.
Well that'll shake up some brackets!
We love you Gayle and appreciate everything you to for Tampa Bay!
I fail a being attractive.
ima try to most likely
Thank you! I try to serve - I'm glad you think that's amazing ;-) RT #FF to because he's amazing :)
Just finished writing my wedding vows. Now I just need to learn how to rap.
Performing on the trap set with tonight at Public Assembly. 8:30. See you there!!
Some nights all your teams win <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> but still some nights they all lose <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
This is your best performance yet!
Got my first check from google. Chester's paying my bills.
its alright, not first choice.
thats right because there is no going back
Watched Monte Carlo. I'd like a first class ticket to Paris, please.
He had a "hand, act and part" in the investigation, so like bad bankers, w/ regret he has to go
CHECK OUT ME PICS!x
Don't worry sash you'll be in a real sports town this fall : natitude doesn't exist
that's my plan
VLJ's March Divorce Seminar is tomorrow at 10:30am! If you cannot make it, RSVP for April!
Sometimes I love nature. Sometimes nature blocks my sight lines.
RT : Today in 1841, President William Henry Harrison died. 9th US Pres. & 1st to die in office.
Many thanks for the
All is fair in love and war. Words of wisdom from Gabby from a book. ^_^ #she'sgreat
RT : YOU can't hang with the Devil and expect GODLY results...<<AMEN!
Think I am gonna go n at 4. Need to clear my head think of sum else
": Lil Wayne told to cut the grass at his Louisiana mansion, which is on sale for $1.7 million..." SO-MANY-JOKES! Brain overload...
my birthday is tuesday and all I have wanted since 7th grade is 4 u to follow\RT\DM. Will it happen well #nsn!
I miss cuddling, just talking, and having someone to tell me goodnight everynight its like I cant sleep without it
When in doubt, mumble.
Lol I do the same thing
you are so beautiful girl!!!!! :)) xx
thx! How's yours?
The Comedy Awards.. GOOD OR BAD IDEA??
Very nice! I'm actually checking out the 09 Foret for starters.
Friend:*Wakes up first*"Great. I'll just sit here and wait"-Best friend:*Beats them with a pillow*"Wake the fuck up! I'm hungry!"
"if a dude at your party is wearing a floral print ascot tie and matching peach handkerchief, smack the ish out of him"
Mark Cuban just said that he has a company policy that if anyone that works for the Mavericks tries to start the wave, they are fired!
Beautiful sunshine outside right now! What are your #Indy Saturday plans?
you are welcome
What the fuck ever
WHERE DF IS THEE DXMN BUS AT ? I'M READYY TO GO DF OFF LIKE !!!
Oh lord. #4 is bitching about his cat again. "It's a person! You guys have a responsibility to take care of it when I'm out smoking pot!"
Masai Ujiri guarantees he resigns JaVale.... NICE! Now I gotta get his jersey!
OMG!! RIP Adam Yauch
I would have really like to have a full head of thick hair so that I could receive dreadlocks.... it must not have been for this life
New Costume Mens Deluxe Voltron Costume
spending my last day of spring break watching the hunger games videos... im such a fan geek..
Natalie Portman needs to learn mic control when she claps
I'm in class.....today is a good day regardless of my grammies previous irking this morning! xD
Another awesome day with my Leadership Miami friends. Really proud to be part of a group of such good-hearted, smart and passionate people.
Thx! Hopefully we can all share stories over dinner soon :)
Let's have some new cliches. Samuel Goldwyn (1882 - 1974)
I'm borednxD
Great strategy sessions in NYC. Takeaway: 2012 will be a pivotal year - a number of portfolio companies approaching inflection points
Omg! Just witnessed a wicked suv collision. Didn't even look real! Got me shook. Damn
cinnamon toast crunch and coffee. breakfast of champions :)
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art-John Lasseter
it's on my agenda for tomorrow and Onana is on board with #9/11 post...
This is the cat's way of saying, 'Look, you're not picking the Derby winner; I know it, but you're not catching on to it.'
we FUCKING had it! Damn I'm shaking! Game 6 it is
love that song<3
I'm taking a road trip just me and my baby!!!
Reading contest entries is always very interesting.
Hey Sis! Thx! I hear the Love already! :D How R U doing?! & Ur sweet family? LuvU :)
The fact that were already making summer plans >>>>>>>
“Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror. You are the eternity and the mirror.”
love they way u lie
Thought-provoking event Wed w/ Called 4 need 4 strg coalitions & broadening focus beyond fixing schools 2 serve all kids
ayy fuck you to the people that unfollowed me. you wasn't with me shootin in the gym anyways -_-
Cahill charged with fraud and conspiracy over taxpayer-funded Lottery ads that ran while he was in office.
It's true, ya jerk.
the shit micah just toll me >> ..
Oh bummer!
Happy Friday everyone. We hope your ready for a great weekend.
Dust is mostly made of dead human skin.
Eating someone L&L Hawaiian Barbecue. It's so bomb! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
No problem and my name is ponypiegirl
Rickywayne. Somebody named their kid Rickywayne. Huh.
it's not showing, gayblade
Thanks for the mention. Where are you, Australia?
Boo! Maybe you should look for a partner who can provide free eye screenings at your library.
": My girlfriend is leaving me cause of my obsession with Africa. Uganda be kidding me, Kenya believe it?
1 up Mr President
where u at?
plz follow me I love u so much
Today my PT asked me if I rewarded myself for running 50miles this weekend, I said "Isn't running 50miles reward enough?"
Prez , Dividing our Troops over Armed Forces Radio is wrong no matter who does it. Please #StopRush Limbaugh from doing it. tyvm
<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> RT : OK, all other bacon, Imma let you finish, but bacon lollies are the greatest bacon of all time!
Three significant elements of public safety: engagement, enforcement and prevention. Focus on gun crimes #seamayor ^ap
you're annoying :)
Jury duty :/
First tropical storm of the season has formed 650 miles SSW of Manzanillo, Mexico. #Aletta Some strengthening likely.
We are at halfway point. A lot of tough positions still out there, including 1 and 2. Best spots left 8, 12 and 13.
we'll see what we can do for sure. Don't forget the big trips too; couldn't ask for a better schedule
Alright man goodnight.
I thought my feet were big until I met !!!
I listen to A$AP Rocky
ahhaa. another joel .
Done! I wonder whether they will respond.
you're so contradicting!
Thanks, Cheryl!!!
I've been watching you for 3 years now this was uncomfortable to watch to be honest.
Best part of puppet show according to kids' reactions: squirting water and a barrage of fluttering tissue paper fish.
he got out of that wheelchair and made something of himself! And he knows the ghettos of Toronto.
"When you are made to choose between two good things, don't just think of what you'll get when you pick one, but think of what you’ll...
Everyone could use more patience.
what days u work
I am white , live in by Pat Park , sts not yet plowed. Secondary rds , side sts. come last, no matter what your color.
is jealous that I am going to phillies vs cubs thurs. Wrigley Field, baby.
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you there!
Heads up #OKC - tonight is Whiskey Chick's owner Kevin McCracken's birthday! He's turning 21 again ;)
We've rolled back some recent changes to our API Consoles until we can resolve a minor instability. Sorry for any trouble.
3 pages in
DALN's #4c12 booth open today from 10 to 6, will also be here tomorrow and Saturday.
pleasure to meet you, to more shared tweets cheers!!
Oh Banana Bread, I can never resist you.
Thanks for the shout out!
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
Some crazy football this weekend! #Stanford #USC game was ridiculous! Everyone better be on this #Bartab bowl!Send $1 drinks to win a party!
Agreed, we need to build intrinsic motivation, not destroy it with token economies.
I'd love to show you how we can generate the same social audience analytics on all the people sharing Forbes.com content.
Hey girl what's up!!
National Donut Day :}
Thanks!-->: Great post.”
a) nobody would want to watch it b) unfortunately no. I tried it once, not for me.
About to listen to at the !
ah priorities!
I've had it I just never used it
Sex Aint Better Than Love. Thats What Most Men FAIL To Realize & Thats Why They Can Never Find A REAL Woman!
And a "We want Davis" chant.
That was some sweet sportsmanship at the end of the play, too.
woo stick it to the man aoife!!!
Yea he's been a consistent major let down, Bring up some more young blood already!
Making Love 2 my Girlfriend, I caught a leg-cramp, but I wouldn't stop. Talking about Pain and Ecatasy.
Biting fingernails over purchasing a new car but alas, the time has come. I'm sure I'll be happy to have it soon.
I'm gonna say this again incase anyone didn't see... dont click on the email if u sent one to u, it's BS. God I hate hackers
Thank you to everyone who has visited (or will soon visit) #Beertown. We are all sold out for this year. Next time capsule opens in 2016.
Jackpot hit w/ Duck Rabbit Imperial Brown.
im sending something right now
You make my day beautiful and night wonderful
About to get up for a drive.
Mark whats the league minimum now day?
I LOVE Weeden. Oh he's in Cleveland? Nevermind
awe shucks. Still love u :)
Workin out body, mind, soul, and strength to glorify HIM
i would go back in time and assassinate 15 year old me in a heart beat
about to go in this yr. Been a bulls fan since 1997 (when I was 7). The '98 season is very vague in my mind. '12 will b vivid!
Busted pipes? This is SO not the time of year for that right? Give a call to DanielsHVACNM.com. #Albuquerque emergency #plumbers!
YEAH BEAT MESSY NACHOS BREAD!!
This kind of dance gets old fast so eventually Hulk writers realized they needed to change Banner's definition of a "cure."
You weren't there when I needed you, so why would you ever be?
And all along I believed I would find U. Time has brought UR <3 to me. I have loved U for a 1000 years. I'll love U for a 1000 more.
I picked 2012.
I don't mind Mondays....another day, another opportunity!
Thanks for sharing. I like the visual timeline of flights. Just in time to plan a summer vacation :)
Call Sen. J.D. Alexander's office to voice your concern about #USF's disproportionate cuts at: 850-487-5044.
Just relaxing outside with friends.
#808Pridenews i sent out 5email in under 3min. That had about 1000 words in them :P yeahh buddy
It's not as special, but I'll take it.(:
I think is like.. Mad at me :( I haven't got a reply on my last 3 tweets to him. <|3
The time to beat for the Lamp & Ballast Retrofit was set by Lambros Tsnaras from Monterra Apt Homes! 31.76 seconds...
Zig Ziglar~ The most important persuasion tool you have in your entire arsenal is integrity.
Oh Prodigy My Love, i hope your voice gets better soon<33 #GetBetterProd <333
i wont break ur heart:)
my brother VCR tapes taught me everything
Looking forward to supporting Meta House's Tweetup next week! Meta House does great work for women in Milwaukee, check them out.
either can we
They're using a tech mentality. Fail fast. Iterate. It's all part of a bigger plan.
If you watch #porn then you're a little #gay, I mean unless you only watch #lesbian porn then you somewhat wanna see some
Sitting in a facebook webinar, clearly these guys don't have #tigerblood in them. They don't know about
lmbo i was like shittt i dont know who it is
Smithsonian teaching about their collections and also about new media skills. Very cool.
thanks for the retweet!!!
you can watch #moviesinmypants, but
Friday!It's time to relax and have fun! Salute Wine Bar and Cafe. Open daily until 2am. 46 East Superior!
#raw10 I was n Ks City during the winter time. It was colder than a Pakistani Soldier w/ his balls in a Iron Jockey strap.
going to a wedding this summer or fall....bellafortebooks has the best custom wedding albums, honeymoon books, stationary and more.
Thank you for the follow. #Autism advocate myself and its great to see #Autism as your platform. Xo
I hate my hair nowadays <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> it's too long & annoyingg.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I'm putting you right out of my mind.
Oh, right. I put all my losses in my blind spot...especially MTGO ones.
Missed on but love her - this new series / channel looks awesome!
#IReallyWant to see you smile :D
... RT : Wow. #Vikings have cut Ryan Longwell.
Welcome to Twitter
#BeliebersAreAllStupid <-- The guy that tweeted this is just jealous because he is fugly and every girl wants Justin....
Good Lord #Bridesmaids is funny.
Omar fades them all
hey you yeah you you're lovely c:
S/O to the Boyle varsity and jv softball teams on their wins tonight !
I Made Sherlock Holmes, That's My Son...
Our website is currently offline because of major updates to our shopping cart. We appreciate your patience and we will be back up shortly.
lol! Selecting the music.
Chandler Parsons is an example of every draft expert in the country failing.
Sorry for the delayed response. Thank you. Have a good day.
Enjoying great business networking at the #weexpo in Springfield
Glad I have some time until Lacrosse season
Are you paying more for cable, phone or internet than new customers? Call your provider and insist on paying the new customer price.
20 pages into my new book club book & I already despise it. Why can't *happy* things happen in literary fiction?
Admiring Eric Dolphy's phrasing. "Straight Ahead". Oliver Nelson.
Please Mr.Sandman give me a dream.
Is it CRAP? Evaluate web sources on Currency, Reliability, Authority, and Purpose.
A little unfair when neither of the other two candidates you have mentioned have ever written you, huh?
eek I've tried those, they're a mess
if i was one of the cast members,i would be luke. :)
-- congrats on your first week at , Ki Mae -- how exciting! Can't wait to see what you have in the pipeline...
get your study on with us! we're open til '10!!!
I Dont Use The House Phone So Don't Expect To Hear From Me For Like a Weak !!!
I do covers in requests of clients usually, but some are for fun, and I would definitely do them for fans such as yourself
Having your eye almost swollen shut kinda sucks
SO READY FOR MY SISTA BDAY WEEKEND!
Kirk Douglas is beyond adorable right now. I love old people!
I'm glad none of my computers accelerate past the speed of light when the cables are loose. That would be embarrassing.
happy birthday man!
So bored lol
Wow. Rondo tossed, bumped ref after T. Could be suspended.
Love being well groomed? Be sure to come into EWC Carmel for our new promo, Bare Necessities! Get a bikini wax and product AND a $3 wax!
Watching #SoLittleTime this show was my life omg
Livin on a prayer!!!!
I love that the Lakers are getting smacked around!!!!
ha, yes, you got it!
um, you have the hair color/cut i wish i could have. seriously.
3-0 #LAKings!!!!! It's strange to see the Blues breakdown...
ahahaha that's why you're my favorite. even if I do gotta keep explaining why there's female sneakers in my trunk, lol.
“: Give me that joy I can't explain.” add extra piece that'll ease my pain. I won't that love that'll never change. Give me that
Chillen at me G crib!
Word up sherome!
i didn't know summer was suppose to be this boring. SMH
omg what a great show, you'll love these pics!!
Just walked by Apostle Paul of our generation. What an honor!!
Things students say, midterm ed.: "The Black Panthers was a group led by Broker T. Washington that wanted to have seperate but equal laws."
Logging off for the night!!
DRG Rep the crew..
Work all day today but no class on monday
I'm pretty sure no one knows him. His name is James owens(runt) Group is Jivin scientists. It happened a few hours ago.
Oh yeah, I'll keep you posted!
anything you
We havent fallen off a barstool yet RT : it was bound to happen. i just fell on my way off a #cta bus. bus jolted, knee skinned.
lunch isn't the same :(
Bout rap tha night up and watch net flix.
thanks much! I am using compression gear, & cross training, I think I just ran too soon. Will give it a few more days.
Last episode of #OTH... so sad:(
Heard from a phenomenal client today - "thank you for investing yourself in us and our growth" now that's a good day.
if i was half as good-looking as him id take it lol ;)
I hate acting like I care about shit when I don't.
#librarians, what do you think? Is it good to put a QR code on your business cards?
Hey Doug, you ready for the heat? Real nice pumpkin you guys picked! Have a great Sunday, we are following back.
oh yeah thats a bet. I will be back home this weekend so we will get up then.
Irony. Left my last session. Walk into Gen X panel. Slide deck: should i stay or should i go
The table designs are so Chanelesque To die for!
Don't waste energy on things u have no control over
Family law court-where the lawyers hit below the belt and give the rest of us a bad name. R pledge: to raise the bar,not sink to their level
Well that was a fun Team meeting! Now for to get home so we can hangout!!!!!
Should i do a speech about nutella or Arizona's? Or somthing else
NO ITS THE TRUTH
finally caught up with #GoT and #LegendOfKorra......now what?
The players, coaches, and families of Tulsa and BYU had a great time tonight! Tomorrow will be jammed pack full of activities!
I USE TO BE A USE TO BUT I NEVER GOT USE TO BEING WHAT I USE TO BE
alliwantis this las vegas wind to blow out of here so I can enjoy my night of pressure washing ahead
it was alex and me
#blackmamba attack , conquer.
Saints are my 2nd favorite team(49ers #1), but Cajun food is my favorite. Ever consider a promo video? We're interested.
Wow I am speechless. RIP Whitney Houston <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Love you babe :) <3
free day in #Caracas. colleagues head off to the rum farm. it is ridiculously gorgeous here...
~> “: The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother. Charles Dickens #quote”
I'VE GOT BIEBER FEVER ONCE AGAIN;; heartache is the best song ever. JB<3333
I think you should come visit kansas city. Id make u a cracking Sunday roast n even let u use the posh silverware
3 down plenty more to go between Facebook and my phone gotta love the list keeps getting longer the crew is smaller
Shark on deck! Where are you ??
- Great performance at Haze Las Vegas Tonight!
what's been good homie? You talked to Shi lately? He's got another little one on the way.
You think! MT : Boehner tells me, may not have been politically the smartest thing in the world to fight Sen payroll compromise.
Gods wisdom was provided to us to be shared, but most importantly applied, so that our lives would echo his will.
Is it a full moon? I thought that way while driving today .... ;) Hope it gets better!
• Create a dedicated sales page or Web site to promote a particular product
Wearing boat shoes, shorts, and my NorthFace jacket. What's wrong with me?? -___-
You know your fucked when you can't even answer the first question on a test.
my cat just got up walked across the desk and headbutted me I think he is hungry.
“: Thanks for the follow.....I appreciate it!” no problem man!
I passed my stats class
Aprecciate it man . Heres my email
I am VERY picky when it comes to music, so if I ever support a band or artist, then you know they are good
how far you away?
Would love to know what's behind that tweet...
#Artists Who Didnt Get Picked To #Perform For The ObviouslyYourMusic Was Not On The Appropriate Level. E'rybody Cant Win
one day in and already making an insurance claim? You guys are good!
I like seeing all the positive feedback and support for your classmates on Twitter in
thanks Roger:) hope your doing great!!
Let's go Dawgs!
me too omg and when the homework was so much easier, but yeah FUCK HIS UGLY ASS LOLOLOL
My cousin is probably the biggest bro I've ever met (:
You can react differently so that you can break down the walls; Jesus loves us differently, so must we. Pastor Mark
My baby made the perfect burgers tonight!!! My life is great!!!
Following the Diddit presentation at SFnewtech @ Mighty
Pounding rain everywhere... Not ideal for a #moving day. Adventure!
Met someone at #WISDOM2012 that uses his SL avatar "Nov Novo" for HR training. I figured would appreciate that idea!
Why do people think it's ok to poop on the train?
lol i wish i cud a nigga at work dozn off
Well so much for getting my nails done for prom. #thisalwayshappens <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
hahah i dont blame you man might get merked on. Me you and Matt needs to get together soon.
By the by, Edwin Maysonet hitting a grand slam is why Ron Roenicke doesn't like to intentionally walk anyone.
Happy birthday !! <3
I'm sitting in the garage , eating my noodles . And the garage door is half open .. Just because I was hot inside . FTW
CitiField looks amazing with the blue walls.
I'm looking for forward to TBS's "A Christmas Story" 24hr marathon! The writer, Jean Shepard, was from our area.
RT Happy Friday! Fun fact for today: People are now sending 200 million tweets/day. This time last year? Only 65 million a day.
Hey Surfdash Fans! Today is Wild Weather Wednesday! Stay tuned for wild weather footage.... Have a great day!
why am i awake??? ugghhhh
Never sunbathe at the dog beach.
Cisco's Jeff Campbell says "pure" mobile data traffic driven by video
While folk are whooping it up at SXSW, Treyvon Martin has gone almost unnoticed by music celebs. For shame!
i have no plan wtf am i goin to do
nice to know. thanks for the tweet
Credit: it is the drug that the bankers deal to us to keep us enchained to their parasitic financial machine.
I WANT SOME PANCAKES!
what the SHIT is going down on ur page?! Checked in w you & felt like I should greased my face and take out my earrings!
There is nothing like Blast vs.Wave soccer.
Sunrise #Yoga with is now Tuesdays & Thursdays at 6:30am! Practice is better than that cup of java!
Success doesn't come to you — you go to it. —Marva Collins
The winner here may be , who successfully resisted calls for his hair before game 5. Way to fight superstition, sir.
I know! We laughed and knew we had to share it!
big prayers sent and many far away hugs!! March!!
I feel like one of my chorus teacher is going to snap at any moment...
In 1912, the Socialist Party of America nominated Eugene V. Debs for president at its convention in Indianapolis.
no problem. Email
Gatorade is the nectar of the gods for hangovers
I'm super excited to see you on Friday!!
Is it me or the whole library smells like armpit?
Just got home and my head is still pounding, this is ridiculous! I still haven't even gotten a call back from my doctor, wow...
Miami's new Jerseys are sexy.
S/O to follow him like real talk
you're welcome. Thank you for the follow, too.
works for us! Yay :)
is my gum dealer
nope. a kilt is too heavy.
uh text me back! #please :)
": I want an enchilada :) making that tomorrows mission"quesadillllllllas way better.
I should be drinking, but just don't feel like it.
wonderful dinner w/ Priest/Baelz gang at Idlewild--beautiful drive down on the Vespa too!!
#thingsblackfolksscaredof bet castin white folks on 106 (eminem & ) are an exception lol
Just 2 hours till we open the doors for in #ColumbiaCity. Tx avail at the door. #RainierValleyCulturalCenter 4515 S Alaska
Praying for you guys!! Hope you Feel better
As a graduation gift; show a valid student ID and used code RDGRAD for unlimited $50 tickets for Can you share?
Ive caved. Finally convinced I should red 50 Shades. My man should thank
lemme know when you're ready to submit...pics, that is.
John Carter was PAINFUL to watch.
Champions League Quarter Finals! APOEL vs Real Madrid and Benfica vs Chelsea
Hoping this day goes fast....
We missed you at the Old Town Ale House with Ms. Coke and Mr. Ward. Kinetic audience tonight, standing O at the end.
quoth wikipedia: "the word musket derived from the French word mousquette, which is a male sparrowhawk."
WHY RUIN THINGS FOR ME?
Hey Rushers can you help me tread that I'm not a #horribleperson please
Alana no who's going to do my hair? Where are you moving?
Never give up until you succeed.
If you're thinking about referring to yourself as a "maven" or "guru", please don't.
Never been the one to stop and think bout how society will look and judge me!....Fuck society and they standards!!!...Im doing me!
we are trying to teach him to stop peeing in the house but thats easy to learn its the bitting that sucks
On my way to Hot August Bash!!!!!!
U r ill!: I need an excuse to get outta work. Me: Use your menstrual cycle. It's gotta be good for something right?"
Happy 100th Birthday Oreo Cookies!!!
thanks, lady! <3
RT : On my way to St Lucia with and Calvin who deleted his twitter account like a dummy.//Tebowea!!
I would make some thunder with Thor. You two can have your Captain America.
Wake up? Why bother. You're dreaming if you think Raiders will be better than the Chargers.
At the doctors office with a guy sitting next to me coughing up all of his insides....hey doc...he can take my appt.
thanks Emily !
you sleep for thirteen hours and then go sit quiet in a dark room for 5 hours and see if you dont start to go insane!!
Thank you for the mentions and #FF. Have a wonderful day. Shallie - A pleasure, Shallie. Have a great day.
I'm a law abiding citizen.
Giants will take it.
Bricked day 1a so we're back at jr for day 1b of borgata 3500 ME. Bhanks across from me an kenny05 on my left.
Been reading Stubbes today and according to him you can May-pole dance your way straight to deflowering.
Going back to the HS number of 22?
I like that the #ASM conference includes worship.
Determination=Success...it is that simple sometimes!!!
show tonight in madison heights ... hope to see everyone there !!!
you're gonna say bad D n give rivers no credit. We know we know...... #ComeOnSkip the bad guy role is getting old.
Weather holds up Rangers-Orioles
Everybody got they freak side. ;)
rating 1-10 how good was the show last night? Please follow!!! xx
Is there a deadline to write to the #PFHOF?
i wonna met in personal
If im gonna sit there all night these children better buy my soda RT : Drews thirsty for people to buy his soda
We agree... It is painful. We aim to remedy this lack of scraplewareness! Please help! Eat more
im not gonna fudging forgive you. you effed up ., thats your problem not mine. kayy.
I'm not much of a cat person, which is why I love these guys so much. and are my feline heros.
Fifteen years ago, I was born this way! Happy Birthday to myself!
MBTA will lose 1.5 million from #Ad revenue once they cut BOOZE ads. The Plan: Charge MBTA riders double & give #MBTA employees a raise. :(
next to my bed.
In one hour, there will people in our house deciding if they want to buy it. Cross your fingers that they love it.
You're new to me and I'd like to know more! Thx for following...
"Our hearts are like mountains and our numbers like sand. He who desires peace with us is saved and he who desires war with us regrets it."
Superhero band-aids are for cool kids.
What cause have you voted for?
you can use computers for work or work at home and computers also help you teach your children with monitoring
Easy Breezy Friday . <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I bet you anything I'm gonna think you're the real Alex and tweet you. Lol it's gonna be an #epicfail xD but funny!
Just about time for round 2! The turkey is winning, so far.
On this holiest of days (National Grilled Cheese Day), I'd like to recognize as a MASTER grilled cheese maker. [applause]
Volatile 90 minutes ahead...
MOLLY.... MOLLY..... MOLLY! Sorry couldn't find her.
Finishing up the design on F's supplement, -Liner. Look for it in stands around SAIC in July!
Studio, studio, studio.
Spring training begins tonight. In the first training volunteers learn their roles and responsibilities as advocates for foster children!
Just landed! Now for the drive home. I just want to sleep, but not while I'm driving. Can't wait to cuddle in my bed.
I knew it!
gotcha. U can compare the 2 and see what works best 4 U. My friends in Luxembourg say the US site is less $, even w/ shipping
welcome to Dallas
Felt like an 8 or 9 out of 10, if you're into numbers. Last 40 minutes are nerd nirvana.
I'm American :)
Librarians in NOLA, report back on news of new ebook offerings from vendors. Comparison shopping this summer.
Lost my fucking class ring :(, nd I dnt have money to pay the deductable to get a new one :/
What a play by Green-Ellis!!
When somebody is wearing the exact same thing as you!
Pick yourself up, dust yourself off, keep on moving.
So strange! Where were you leaving from? Hope that didn't make you too late taking off!
But Before I Let You Go Away, Can I Get A Kiss Good Night???
Who is writing in Ron Paul rather than vote for Romney (I'm not, despite respecting Paul heavily)?
Need for speed today w biking and powerboating to work up appetite for Chef Scott Savoie scavenger dinner! #Torontothrills w
What a guy. Go Grandpa, go!
Awesome show last night! Big thanks to & !
yes it does. Great speaker
Thanks for sharing Morgan, hope you found some useful tools on BV.
Today God is First (TGIF) so i Thank God It's Friday (TGIF)
you have to have a first to have a second <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> bbg.
Budweiser, official sponsor of Team USA during the 2012 Summer Olympic Games; in June, will unveil 16-ounce bottle w/ Team USA logo.
oh u got jokes noy even the case no time for females and I called u right now is ur phone out of service?
lmfao TO funny! ;)
5/21- Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Chuck Nice
Nelson twice RT : Players who redeemed themselves today Jones, Nelson but esp Bush
Observation: campaign yard signs placed on empty lots, random corners or any place OTHER than a yard look kinda sad and lonely.
I would much rather crawl back into my warm bed right now than go out in the cold for a run.
back then u was swole AF but what about now g
Lol get off my dick .
SO glad someone else caught that! Lol RT That's what I was thinking.
why I love this guy MT : NC inspired me. I'm getting ordained by Universal Life Church to only officiate same sex marriages.
Capkanis project, haven't started yet
My Sixers beat the Bulls last night!! Yea!!!!
Mayor Adams: Fence to be erected around Lownsdale and Chapman Squares, closing parks to the public.
If people who are in love together are called "Love Birds" then people who always argue together should be called "Angry Birds"
McAfee and Norton are malware. You say you don't want them, but every day they cause pop ups forcing you to subscribe to them. Assholes
- It should have been just the 2 of us under the moon and stars holding each other enjoying the music.
iThought This Was Real, Until iFound Out that everything you were telling me was all a Lie . . <//3 You Broke My Heart , u.u
I would also notify You might need a lawyer.
Square bowls and Deerhunter's Halcyon Digest: just two more things to snap my neurons.
Oh snap! Didn't know this but Bloomingdale Farmers Market has new hours! They open this Sunday, 9-1pm for rest of the season!
Paps mows down first two. One more to go.
"You dropped a hundred and fifty grand on a fuckin education you coulda got for a dollah fifty in late chahges at the public library"
There is classic Coke out there- top shelf in a silver can
I vote that popularity location indicators be determined by twitter and text activity! ...o wait...
i'll send you your mixtape in a second
( i dont know what a hollaback girls is , but for some reason.... I want her dead ) family guy rules!!!!!!
No. He needs to stop fighting. Just doesn't have it anymore. Sad, but true.
Great game last night!! Let's carry it through the playoffs!!
You pay with sacrifices
I think I might mix things up and eat lunch at a food truck. This is excitement for me, guys, I promise.
you are cool!
Lucky duck....this *fog party* is exclusive to metro Boston. ;o(
This time for Africa
: great cover:) and your guitar skills are brilliant :p
Our host is having issues today; we have had some downtime. Very sorry. We'll be looking at moving away from Heroku in the future.
Thank you for the follow #ssupport all day longg
Is where you'll find me, is where you'll find...
Lego! I'm sure knows some good ones around here in the Lou
Ah. Thank you, Sammie!
#FF THX to a bunch of great tweeters:
"Your design looks more like a speech & less like a conversation"
I dunno, your just unlucky I guess.
Like Tylenol? I need it!
i just found my first white hair. and so it begins.
Inbox 2084. Inbox 1084, I'm coming for you!
Went to #DarkShadows book signing at Dark Delicacies, featuring my friend Lara Parker and Kathryn Leigh Scott.
Next Thursday is my last day at SBD before I join in marketing + biz development. I turn this account over to SBD as I leave.
U never had it so good
So excited for the Renaissance tomorrow :)
Looking for Interactive Production Designers at Apple.
I second that. Pun intended.
I might slap someone. Beyond frustrated.
Good lord, that woman!
I feel so full i just had a milkshake and chicken nuggets
Thanks for following! Stay tuned for info about our project on the eviction of a recycling center in Golden Gate park!
Getting things done.
There r gray areas in fitness. Do what works for u. Just make sure that it makes sense. No nonsense!!
you paid 14.99 for Snakes on a Plane. You were either high or robbed?
Note to self. Don't ask if he can say bullsh*t... He might just surprise you! cc
Ready for the winner of the BIG prize pack from and all the sponsors tonight?
bra, stop bein stupid....dam!
Angels make me laugh so hard sometimes. :)
I don't miss being young, but I miss being young. If that makes any sense.
#BOYFRIENDReview I love that haters admitt it's so amazing!!
Releasing a our first women's v-neck shirt tomorrow! look for it tomorrow and order yours!
I write when I'm inspired, and I see to it that I'm inspired at nine o'clock every morning - Peter De Vries
"Opinions are like a-holes everybody has one."
HB 987, the stormwater funding bill that we've been pushing for for several years made it out of the House 90-48.
I have decided to tweet through the previews of this movie. I usually arrive 10 minutes late for everything and miss this crap
heyy thanks for following!!
Successful leaders develop other leaders not just followers.
walk in the profoundness and authority of God now! -
Excited to worship with the Rhea's Mill sttudents this weekend for their winter retreat!!!
It's definitely an early morning, but the free coffee and breakfast help. I'll be sure to forward you the next #smbmad invite.
same here. I like that u noticed it & u're not even in the movie business! it does take me out of the scene too. Editing is VIP :)
On this Friday the 13th, I'm streaming Titanic the musical on spotify.
No way a general strike works. We cannot even get most state employees to boycott businesses or take unpaid days to protest.
Trying #lrnchat live @ #devlearn. Thanks 4 making me stay @ the table.
THANK YOU to !! A new Program Participant found us today through our #GoogleAdWords!
Despite the abolition of slavery, in 2012, slave labor is still present in Brazil.
Haha.If you have time. is a really sweet guy whose just getting started and i'm trying to help him. Check him out?
hell yeah !
Hey! I have been on twitter for over a year-just not on too much! I am on facebook more!
Will you have a native German speaker there to make sure people say the "ch" sound correctly?
oh dear. Green lantern??
Just blame me. Easiest thing to do.
We have a wedding to attend to in Canada next week! I LOVE weddings :) :)
“: RT : This day sucked so bad I had to stop by the liquor store on my way to the bar.” word
Welcome to TX ! I'm in Houston, you're in Austin #itson!
": do u think west coast rappers exported the bloods and crips?" That's one for
Did everyone think was the creepy voice? I sure did and a lot of people on tumblr thought that as well. :p
"I was uncool before uncool became cool"
People are like shoes, some worth the money and others you want no part of.
Relax with a pot of Maghreb Mint tea and a cup of Tunisian Vegetable Stew with a Eggplant & Pepper Parmesan sandwich
Looking forward to 1st in new office space, a short two blocks from court
Blessed... No complaints =)
A3 I am saving all your great ideas in real time to my "Saw" board in SeeSaw #ideachats WOOT!
mt. lookout #farmersmarket is today next to Cardinal Pacelli. and #lookoutjoe has $0.25 off hot and iced caramelos!
Los Angeles Lakers Time Get that W fellaz!!!
my mom be tripin
i love finding new bands. i love music probably more than anything.
please i'll do my puppy face xx
2 days till then gettin loose with ! Be there!
and this is why i love #TeamShady (': LAWL.
I think you can upload your own songs to iCloud for free. Upgrade "matched" songs for $24.99. Umm... thanks anyway? I'm a pretty good ripper
The most awkward kiss in television history. Wesley/Cordy in Graduation Day Part II!
Knot Today is now available at Bricktown.
do you ever DM fans anymore? I have been trying forever but you never notice me :(
Can I just like not go to school today ? kthanks.
Nearly every spiritual tradition uses breathing techniques to deepen prayer, meditation, and contemplation
We’re not here to sell you insurance. We’re here to see you get the right coverage at the right price, from the nation’s top-rated companies
Aww yes some of the best words that come out of your moms mouth is "dinner is ready"
This woman next to me on the bus has to be like 45 at least, but she is so sexy tho..lmao
Neil Walker just can't keep that beard shaven
Happy Holidays Lawrence!
Thinking of designing purses and write a book!
On any given night, there are 11,377 homeless men, women and children in Metro Denver!
Uh is it Fall today? Now raindrops? Right... I was spoiled the last few days!
Vanderbilt comes back strong after half time. 27 to 36 Kentucky
dem nappy headed hoessssss.
goodness, glad i've never heard you speak then, I guess?!?!
Happy Birthday beautiful! Enjoy your day with those you love... ::KISSES::
hahaha. oh, the possibilities.
Have you tried using our Open Table (Book a Table) app here on Facebook? We would love to know what you think.
Bush's Fault.
Got a White Chocolate Cinnamon Roll Cheesecake from Junior's in Brooklyn NY in the mail from my sister for the holidays! Yum!
Twitter turned me into an egg );
Very grateful to the for expediting our iTunes Issues. New iPad recipients this holdiay will once again be able to master typing!
How come black people never make it to the end in movies? I seen a movie with all black people and none of them made it.
Great day at training. A lot happier with myself today. Didn't run out of air and got through the last maze easily! Busy in Berwyn on Sat
Haven't heard anything from the #14 over the radio...I'm concerned...bad hard hit!
thank you! Love you too<3!
Find your dream lunch here at ! Mongolian Beef for $8.50 and Orange Zest Chicken for only $8.25!
Saturday! Come to The Bakken and check out some groovy brain activities and then bring your receipt to Noodles & Co for a free entree!
Welcome. You do the same :)
We can’t believe #Easter is already approaching! If you can’t decide what #appetizers to serve, JD’s #Salsa is always a hit!
Semester: complete.
#ICA is at St James Cathedral on February 20 @ 2 PM with Morton Gould’s great musical gift, Benny’s Gig for Clarinet & Double Bass. Join us
I am right now lol
. No official certifying body, but some companies will do a check for you However, fed gov't should do its own b4 using you.
RT : Dancing tonight. at how should I wear my hair? Music is an acoustic cover of "Crazy" of Gnarls Barkley fame.
#WeirdFactAboutMe When Im Bored I Talk in A British Accent :p
Sheldon begins searching weird options when looking for a new friend, watch and see what he's doing tonight at 6:30!
Follow American East Newspaper Conference with
Big data little data, it's all data. Doesn't matter the size. Gotta store it and manage it all :)
thanks for the rts
needs to sign up for an improv class.
sending good energy your way. Wrap it up in style!
HAPPY Wednesday! What makes work go by faster for YOU?? Last week it was popcorn for me, this week (every day!) it is COFFEE :)
smile, you're amazing.
"Decide what to be and go be it." -
NextGen Leaders Council - Quarterly Dinner, Oct 27th at Fairmont Copley Hotel - speaker, cocktails & dinner, tix
To quote the great "American Dragon," Daniel Bryan... YES! YES! YES!
DM me your contact info?
We're all [[virgins]] to the joys of loving without fear <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Nigga you can keep your powdery ass Crunch Berries! That shit be fucking up the milk.
Went to Dinosaur BBQ for dinner. Too much Mac n Cheese
Dear student: Is that really your grade? Why, yes. Yes it is.
how do you edit your pictures? they look mad cool.
They grow up fast <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That sucks, it didn't happen at Insomnia did it?
thnks for helping tap into my inner science nerd today:)
Feeling like I have entered a new profession of "Website Psychology".
Crazy Triple Overtime game! Gaborik was due, everyone was crappin on him.
I love small towns and the scent of honeysuckle on the breeze.
Friday night, yo.
Ask your BUDDY about one and done for the Full Three Amigo ;-)
Word of the day: abstemious (adj) - Characterized by self denial or abstinence, as in the use of drink, food
Last minutes Christmas orders taken up until Dec 24th. we have great stocking stuffers for every taste. Try some Cucumber hand cream M
: i dont think im going . shes
u here at the Uptown Games?
where's the wind river festival?
when Martin says "woo woo woo woo" lol
clingy people.
federer's career grand slam! well deserved
Ivy Blue Carter RT : Is Beyonce actually in labor or are these just rumors? PLEASE SOMEONE CONFIRM THE ARRIVAL OF BABYONCE
Also check out New Money by Lil twist feat. Mison
M damn he know all the ways to please me...
maybe I’m an unobservant moron, but seems to be this behavior changed only in the last week or so. I will try renaming for now.
I am in fact happy to buy you a drink. and are on there own though.
hehe I don't have homework
Hi Kim, thanks for the follow, this is Tony Perez from www.thecoupondeal.com
Janet Jackson: How I Got Thin - Us Magazine
Interested in law school? Meet UM Carey Law's Direc of Student Recruiting Michele Hayes today from 2-7pm at GWU's Smith Center
Thanks for the mentions!
bored so listning to 1d <3 love being apart of the #1Dfamily and GTBY was filmes @ my my friends collage
just made my first song with garage band for ipad and finished it still might need some work
Very good!
. is probably on cloud nine today after the City win yesterday. Well played; very dramatic finish!
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go - Oscar Wilde
sure is we're getting dinner first and have to go the liquor store first. You should come!
Rose is out for the season smdh he all chicago got that was they Michael Jordan lol
its just not the same as down south Sweet Tea
I'll second that!
I'm REALLY ready to go back to being self-centered now..
Swear yo church service is soo amazing today!
Steaming on the broccoli got my eyes bloody…
Ok, playing Monopoly with Adanna & Mama J. Why does Adanna have Boardwalk & Park Place with 4 houses each. See?
I feel the same way about the internet. But I can't figure out how to get its sticky tentacles off my ankle.
its my achilles heel, gets me at least once a year. Almost better now though :)
Obviously im not the only one that 'changed'.
Yellow bags at Selfridges
i havent had chilis in foreva i live their chicken tenders lkl
Life is short and one day you're no longer going to be here; that's all the motivation you need.
I love pintrest
Thanks for the RT, Michelle!
St. Eds High school at Noon!
THIS IS BRILLIANT. Why has the internet not exploded yet?
What lies behind us & what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Up and at it getting ready for my brys first basket ball game he's so exited !
Just tortured a right wing campaign solicitor for Michelle Bachman. That's how you get off their list.
You know, you probably paid 7 dollars for that when you could get one for 79 cents at the store.
west palm
Hi Joel & thanks! It did go well and we now have fresh talent for the next emergency. Great practice for the veterans too.
What is the deal w all of these porn links that ppl keep sending me? Disgusting.... is there any way to spam Twitter?
lol i swear that customer service lady was chinese..im surprised she wasn't indian
#WhatAWomanNeeds is that Thing in a Guy's Pants! His Wallet. LoL
Have to go to school tomorrow. #boo , so i wont be able to tweet during the day :(
Somebody needs to get me out of this school.
It beats me why girls go for assholes!
really? childish bullshit.
#theonlyjetsetter Finally decided what to do. LA nxt wk. NYC the following. Doin' it up.
I don't begrudge Ross his decision; he was a pro while he was here- just not really sure he was ever very proud of the purple & gold.
why did you get detention?
HAPPY NEW YEAR, BROTHERS!
#YouKnowICareWhen I keep my make up on for a while before bed/fun time so you feel like you're with a real live prostitute.
Check in with to see why they’re excited for #Obama2012 after their recent voting rights victory. OFA.BO/xPJVds
that's the price i'm used to. but you live and you learn. smh
that's a great happy hour...m
Hi Google. If your apps can't be moved to SD card, I don't need them. Thx for forcing me to pick and choose which updates I need. Kthxbai
These pillows aren't satisfying my cuddling needs.
follow me tho, so I can dm
thanku Sammy! Glad to be you guys, great vibe and Spirit!
Check out our new website!! www.distinctivedoorsllc.com Let me know what you think....would love to hear from YOU
A: Different niche and style to ambulatory care at Bon Secours
Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over. ~ F. Scott Fitzgerald
Well. Hello.
Thanks for a very entertaining bus ride home!
LOL I JUST SAW A FRIEND IN A COMMERCIAL THAT I HELPED WRITE IMBD MY CREDITS U CANT I WRITE SHIT THAT DOESNT GET EM YET LOL ONE DAY
: That can work. But of course, if a traditional publisher takes on your book, you don't pay a thing.
oh yeah I took it freshmen year
Asleep right...
Very nice. But don't go crazy. That means you still have 50-60% to go.
thank you so much! So glad you enjoyed our music :)
My dad told me I can't go to London until I go to every one of the 50 states. This is going to take forever.
Belated thx for the #FF , , , , Hope u have a great weekend!
cinco de mayo fireworks duh! lol
so is it gonna be June 8th? :)
Done. "Awesome" is blowing up!
starting to feel my man tits jiggle around when I'm playing a set. should probably do something about that. exercise or manssiere?
Holiday $avings @ www.patrickscatering.com Mention this "TWEET" and $ave 25% off
My first batch of Kombucha is great but lacks fizz. Oh, fizz, what did I do wrong?
I don't have time to watch that much tv anymore!!!!
Not b/c of our inherent sexiness, charm, and sweat retention?
Lure For Him Personal Lube 4oz @ www.kandizone.com
Why can't you just like me for me?
...hate when this HAPPENS..."I'M NOT INTO HIM ANYMORE"! Being RANDOM/ SPOILED sometimes gets in the way...wish I could change that about me
Lol people act like their opinion is the only one that matters
Wow!!!!! RT : Are any of my female followers 5'4, 125 lbs, Brazilian, with no kids and full coverage life insurance?
Things I've thought to myself on this Feb. 1: 1). I probably should've worn shorts and 2) I better turn on the car A/C. #winter?
NBA Playoffs today.
Yeah my nan bought my mum it as a present then I stole it..
I love to learn, but not when it is our first good sunny day in Washington state!
yep, i jus gave up
I enjoyed the use of the word "shimmied".
Like there's vomit all over my laptop thanks.
yes! Send an email to . She knows what we're looking for and can tell you.
I have a performance at school today :D
Is it just me? But after 9/11 I don't recall Firefighters being called Union Thugs. They were called "heroes"
4 hour long meeting. My buttocks hurts!!!
Oh my gosh, I just set plan for the most unique amazing hypnosis certification. I am excite to be able to tell everyone soon all about it.
A new Simon's Cat video is up ;)
#OverheardAtTheLibrary (middle schoolers are here researching today): "Why did we have to pick all of the heaviest books?"
Enjoyed the blog and photos of your trip! #London is on the top of my list of places to visit! #I<U+2665>London
just once?
“: So now a pair of Trojans will try and get to the opposing QB for the #Packers.” thats why i call then "Trojans of the Tundra"
Greed & Jesus do not mix. Prosperity theology is bogus, fraudulent faith.
Good things, happening to good people ()
k. first of all, im like crying after reading your story:,/ & fangirling because you follow me... <3
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers !!1
Hey I met you at the better with you tour in Nashville TN can you please follow me I love you
i swear fb gonna turn into a porn site
You said rubber. Also, goddess.
Boonen is a beast! Now, on to the
are there castings for ANTM cycle 18
Randy no way, wouldnt have expected that...
High expectations...took a hit last night. #Bracket = 12 of 16. Lost a #Sweet16 team too.
feeling better? Sounded like you were in a low on the emotional rollercoaster that is academia.
And I don't even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough
Maria is lucky she has me to convey all her thoughts
It's almost summer but it's 46 degrees out...
You'll make me forget about him?Try me:P Hhaha Oh you make me laugh;))
Haha! I like what you did there... ref:
Hey thanks for the FF mention. I appreciate the support. Stay safe!
I'm seriously thinking of closing this account.
Been trying to reach all my #UL fans/friends since the game last night but no luck. Should I be #worried? #whysoquiet lol
Jacob: Is that Six Flags right there behind those trees Me: Thats a bridge Jacob: oh O.o
British Members of Parliament call for closure of Romney's Cayman Island tax haven.
#YouWereCuteUntil the lights turned on and i was drunk... ugly.
WOW NO WAY! I'd love to get a virus from your fake link! That's my prize. YOU'RE SO KIND!
Marwencol (2010): Line b/t art and therapy & fantasy and reality are explored in this doc of an artist fighting to regain his Self. 4:5
RT Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others. - Cicero #Quote via
I thought so! Appreciate the love.
front flip?!??!? #xgames ah nutzzzzz that was AWESOME!!! :)
It's gettin' real in this Cricket Wireless parking lot. Great deals & tons of prizes is what we got. Appearance till 1p. Holla.
Count your blessings to find what you look for
Free shots and raffle prizes every time the Packers score a touchdown! You know how we like to score touchdowns!!
lol. I like your team bro, but Lakers all the way!!
Your voice is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus :)
Thanks for the #MondayMention yesterday. I appreciate it.
Have A very Swagged out Valentines Day Twitter World!!
Nike Fuel looks a lot like Jawbone UP
Check us out on groupon today, 50% off my oil change service, buy now and save. We come to you for a change
even al capone would hit on me in this new flapper dress.
Barkley backing UW style "ppl always talk, he can run and jump, so can a deer, u wouldn't put a deer in a gm, just learn how to play bball"
Email us at
is getting excited about FEBRUARY! it's so much better than january :)
Nice! Twas a great day for a parade.
#awarenessinc How do I get my older sales team members to support the use of social media as part of their day to day?
David McIntosh Joins Right-To-Life Leaders and Activists to Denounce ObamaCare’s Unconstitutionality and Pro-Abortion Policies
Hosted writing session with producer n songwriting team last night... great music is being made at !
#diet day #1. Lean cuisines for lunch and no beer for 30 days. Yikes!
This is definitely one of the best live shows I have ever been to!
Bill Laswell is a hero of mine, i can only imagine the people in and out of that studio
Our younger generations are becoming stupid... "what's cinco de mayo?" "I think that's the date in Spanish" what is wrong with you?!!!!
on my way to vegas
I won't. That's a little bit too weird. Even for me.
still seeing gold glitter! What a night! Good times
Omg. Why is this woman screaming?
Give us your opinion on the Kentucky Freshman class since you're up an all!!
Why did you unfollow me?
She's a Brick and I'm drowning slowly...
You are so welcome! Looking forward to tweeting :-) cc:
Had a wonderful theater/ Drama presentation with the students. Thanks you to all of those that had a chance to watch it.
thanks for playing our artist
I genuinely just felt like typing your first and last name out.
Thinking about XS for dinner... In the mood for sushi.
"this video is not available in your country." Where in the hell do you think I am? Narnia?
I've never been to washington haha
Yup! My old hairdresser would go to the hair shops and ask the Chinese guys at the counter why prices were going up for hair..
HATE MONDAYS? JOIN and WEEKEND WARRIORS UNITE!!!
Why anticipate the worst from our staff when we should be expecting their best
hm...I don't know why I even click on ur links anymore. :-/
was there anything interesting in the meeting?
I miss la isla! I have yet to find something as good in NYC.
Thanks for the follow - Cheers and Happy #WW!
RApTV will only send mapping email never spam if you are a member we invite you to all our sites so you have a road map of the virtual world
I do my best to stay honest. Plus it's more fun to be outspoken.
w/e :) Brooklyn
Hi... Interesting choice for your 10,000th
A real princess doesn't need a tiara. Anyways, a tennis bracelet is much more practical.
Talk about LeBron all you want but Wade is the heart and soul of the Miami Heat.
Love it! Let us know when you guys are up for a visit. We are around & would love to see you!
New socks make a day 100% better. If I had a lot of money I would wear a new pair of socks and a new pair of underwear every day.
Side note, is it me, or does it seem like is now actively trying not to make music?
Nothing screams "HELP ME!!" Like the girl in the back of my trunk...
Not this Taurus!
What's your favorite thing to do on #Mother's Day?
Thanks Amy! MT : thanks for doing all you do! Props to for some fabulous work lately!
Fun party! I wish you great success in your new endeavor of photos and social media wrapped in one great package.
Haha it really is though. Kind of awkward. lol
suspended for public indecency? for ling?
heyy good morning! (:
It is fun to watch the manimal play.
RT : HEY VISTA! It is National Cancer Awareness Week this week. Wear PINK tomorrow to support awareness for breast cancer!
"I'm real good at math. Add/subtract," said A. "I never got past algebra," said B. "What's that," asked A. "It's math," remarked B.
nappy time!
hey you, call me :D
I agree man, glad they didn't go with an Offensive player
im at my crib
Need to build time into our models, but also a way to assert continued identity so that we can actually model *change*
Starting in 5min: #KYF2 convo w/ James Barham re Regional Food Hubs, hosted by
Ban Ron Artest for the year! That needs to happen..
what up dude
Exited to see tonight and check out her new digs!!
:) PS look out for a super new Big Bang promotion coming this week
Adore Pinterest! We were invited and are thrilled!
Wow, Zeller AND Watford back? Merry Christmas.
Are you interested in joining the Donk Coach team? We are adding poker coaches. You can name your hourly. Please PM me for details. Thanks
Good morning from Fort Wayne. Trying to figure out how I'm going to get everything done before
Old lady at volleyball jokingly says "I have fallen and I can't get up hahaha" lol. Yay for sense of humour
thanks Cory, talk to you when I'm heading south.
I've almost mastered the french braid...finally :)
If there's not a bot responding to every mention of DC with gibberish, I'm going to be very disappointed in the internets.
I wonder what happened
the 23 is worth it. Otherwise, I'd go with McCallan 18 or or Oban. Kudos on the choice tho.
Mike Wallace -- he made pols and CEOs cry like little girls
thank you.. It's a picture from one of my favorite performances :))
Good night. <3
he's poor
Wow. That's some good company. Thanks!
Maybe a few more UO fans than Wisconsin, but one thing is for sure - it's damned warm right now, wow.
I agree.
Workout In. Studio time! :)
": Kinda cool: today marks our 1-year Twitterversary, and we just hit 8k followers. Happy bday to us!" Happy Birthday Guys!
I wanna pierce my belly button and my ear again
Newly launched - Kimfitonline - www.kimfitonline.com - Atlanta Personal Trainer
you have the best tweets i swear :)
I am, too. I need to figure out the logistics of meeting all of my twitter friends. :-)
"The world is run by tired people." Dwight D. Eisenhower
ok :P
U need 2 give Cindy a chance 2 sell it, the sponsorships r endless...Tylenol, Pepto Bismol, any local funeral home, hospital...
#BoyzAreBack Tonight! ! xo
did #H359 win player of the week? #obvioustweet -asks no one.
Just ate chineese food! :)
thx Tim - it's good to be back :-)
The music of Frank Sinatra just soothes my soul. You know what I mean? Incredible.
hahaha so true!! oh god I'm still scarred by that website....Dare I say this blog better than our other fave?
Now that carmello is back in the line-up for the Knicks...it's MelloYello time
Another round down! Waunakee's Parker Dietry correctly spells "spadiceous" at the National Spelling Bee.
we lost to America Jr... Fucking unacceptable
Best thursday ever!!
off to bed
I rest my case ha
how are yeh mario sir.
Getting ready to hang with my girl, The Diva....:-) Then to bed for something that's ran from me for the past 3 days....SLEEP!
I hope the lights cut out and an assassin stabs her in the face :)
The summer is almost over: Black Belt Bachelor turns its focus from #dating to professional #success and building social affluence.
RT : Wisconsin -Thank you for standing up for yourselves (and rest of us)
this is amazing Guy! Wow! Hey, when's the record hitting the streets, anyway?
thank you- you're a lifesaver!
perhaps Thera-Flu for U.
Thanks Matt
Be sure to add attend #ASAP "A SICK ALPHA PARTY" 1:20:2012 to your 2012 New Years resolution list.
I just want to see More Than This already!
Yes *LiVInG LiFE dOINg ME*
's blog is the best R for sabermetrics resource I've found. Excellent stuff.
He that would have fruit must climb the tree. -Thomas Fuller
Dear Justin, if you need an amazing girl to take part in one of your new videos, you don't have to pay anything. I can do this voluntarily.
Big S/O to #Dope Engineer !! on of the best!!.. #MuchLove to you bruh
Welcome to the St. John's family! RT : Just received my acceptance letter to St. Johns University. How exciting!
Coming to peace with myself!
im so used to staying up late that im never tired anymore.
Me and are playing a serious game of phone tag!
We loved getting to know everyone from Berea Gear Up! Be sure to stay connected with your trainers-
RT : Indianapolis, we are so sorry that you are suffering right now. We are sending all our love and good wishes. Be there soon......
Corn for dinner - fresh - wonder where these ears were grown?
Why all my family members trying to get at my ex boyfriends girl hahahahaha I feel so
Tim you are correct. The story is about the Sunshine Pantry in Beaverton. Not affiliated with us or OFB.
Oi. What a crazy two days off.
How's tricks, big guy?
Oh man. I will keep him in my prayers <3
Joe Biden he even accidentally policy.
Congrats to Octavia Spencer!! Well deserved #oscars win.
Finna go get some more workout clothes. #ShitFinnaGetReal lol
Four bars tomorrow! Regina & Joe's- 2988 N. Milwaukee Moe's Tavern-2937 N. Milwaukee Podlasie Club-2918 N. Central Park Ski's-2959 N. Hamlin
In two weeks we will be in first by 3-4 games
President Paul is Trending! People are waking up! Join the #r3VOLution !
I can agree with everyone that is talking about LEXG.This stock is moving nicely on huge huge volume,a dn the chart is very shrekky. GREEN!
When I can say YES to negative feelings I have, invite them in and welcome the experience, they moves through me quickly and dissipate.
Utah researchers say only 2.5% of people can multi-task, the rest only shift their attention rapidly between things.
Full day in the city! It's good to be back!
You should put it on, it is!
Web privacy rules turn poachers into gamekeepers BRUSSELS (Reuters) - When you 'like' something on Facebook or read an online newspaper,
yeah he should be 4-4 ;)
Yoga pants, no make up, and glasses. I don't even care.
Much thanks to our followers for your continual awesome tweets! We want more! Follow US! We follow back!!!
of course, im on it!
can i get a shoutout (:
And to you, sir. And may all your borrowed Santa hats (and other varied and sundry head toppers) be sanitary. Or Santa-ary.
You hang out with the wrong men, apparently. Yours, TwiceadayflosserwithaYchromosome
Thanks $5.00 in the swear jar already! By the end of Holy Week I should have enough money for The Cayman Islands =)
Appliance Product Photography - AppliancesConnection Discount ...
Had a great day!
emmy w/e they're all some form of award~
It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't
No more running wild, I'm Yours for life!
Patron driven upgrades... interesting.
don't feel bad I had to be schooled too :)
A jug fills drop by drop. Buddha
God AND a fellow?! i dont deserve him, but i'm soo very thankful for him <3
Last two live day twos led to 1sts. Let's make it 3 in a row! Expenses - hotel $108, food $38.
Where is the heart in this? I don't know, I don't know.
It's hot in here
Does business ethics include living by the Golden Rule? It does in our definition.If u try to live by it as well, we'd love to hear from u!
he was telling me a little bit
Text me instead ": I'm legit about to fall asleep, I is sleepy."
Feel better soon!
EVERYONE SHOULD SERIOUSLY GO FOLLOW !! THEY'RE LEGIT! ;)
So what time exactly is beer:30?
I have listened to These Colors Dont Run repeatedly, , #DayBreaker needs to fucking get here already
I always wonder what my parents were like as teenagers.
That's what you need cincy... more drug dealers
How belong before we can expect to see an spot in Green Bay?
We already have 77 teen applicants for our #camp deejay program!
Who did Ryan butler make a music video for????
Can I get a
Thanks for the RT :-)
Looks like Chris Bosh was that important. DWade not helping the cause at all. 1-for-10 from the field. +/- is -17
Is Hot rel to American Idol online stream Follow back me
Let's see if my magic powers work for Zendayda to. Follow me......abracadabra.......hm will it work?
My 5 year goal: to get my family outta milwaukee
I want to pause here to thank all who were involved with the production of Christmas at Resurrection. Great job!
We love a well-dressed man!
I'm a teacher, no commute, house and school have wi-fi. #NewiPad w/ or w/o #4gLTE - advice? What about gigs?
. Can you tell all of your followers about ? Coming up March 2nd ! Thanks!
Told him the story that I planned my whole effin vacation around the notion & assumption Green Bay was playing in Super XLVI
All you have to do is look at the numbers. Rehabilitation costs less and gives more results in most cases than incarceration.
RT : Least it was not #bees like at the #rockies game yesterday
You are good enough. Even if they say you aren't.
Gotta write that conference paper, gotta pay that rent, busy, busy, busy. But the powers that be say, "If you see something, say something."
I've shied away from most Trayvon coverage, but the Zimmerman ish doesn't surprise me one bit.
Clark Pest Control guy kept his word. We helped him move stuff. He paid for pizza for us.
Nothing better then returning to work after a three day weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The fact that there are boys who are apart of #teamdrizzy >>>
1st of all I don't even know you.! 2th idk don't even know her 3th thats not even me you jackass i just reported you:P
I hope that means he fixed the economy :-)
Been talking about doing it at for years. took away the commute, so here we go!
Hey my phone is back to life lol!
RT : Getting ready to vote Budinger
it may happen but it'll be a salry dump type deal. Anyone that takes his contract will be able to take him.
please do!!
I'm from chicago, live in texas and moving to Tennessee who do I cheer for when football season start?
You gotta listen to dat 'Welcome To H-Twon'-- Shit Goes Slime!
Dude, that's all I know. It was confirmed by but isn't in prelim program or Scheduler
i have to share a bed with angel and nykcole(yep that's how her name is spelled) in hotel :O oh lord help me! :p
Birthright Israel trip over, headed to the West Bank tomorrow. Do I want a medal or a chest to pin it on? Actually, I want to go home.
Tweet what's happening on www.hipstervegas.com! Just tag it "#HipsterVegas" & it'll show up on our site! Wow technology! Try it out! PLZ RT
Ooooohhh, I bet you can.
glad to hear it! which agency?
Going downtown with sarah was the shit. got drunk and didnt pay for SHIT! its good to know bouncers and bartenders :)
Getting ready for tomorrow can't believe its tomorrow wish me luck
Needs beer
backseat in my own car
Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
I think they think they're playing basketball
“The wrong ones can’t hurt you. It’s the right ones.”
detention 2 days in a row lol
Congratulations to Team Solnos and Team MAP! Great presentations at the Cherokee Challenge Finale. Thanks to all the panelists for joining!
I found myself in your area, looking at everyone's face that passed, secretly hoping I'd come across yours.
I want to wander.
just everything.. I was bawling my eyes out all day today. Jack wants to kill me.
#thevoice am on!
I'm eating Starburst Crazy Beans now. 2 flavors in 1. now I want to try them on a peanut butter sandwich (as jelly substitute)
studying SO much Beethoven in the coming weeks. crazy good times.
What's happening ?
We can't just jump in a jet and fly to BB King in Times Square by 10pm to meet up with MMG. Wish they would of told us a week before
Team meeting with beers, wine & cake in Fremont, overlooking the cut, at the passing boats, straight at the tent city of the homeless.
Great BJJ session w Chris, thanks for the time!
Think we can stop at the McDonald's drive thru real quick?
Congrats to on the little one... weve always been cool peeps since high school: jake, jp, frog dog, diego, talan
“: 1+1 =3 If you don't wear a condom.” haha best tweet from you ever ! But now I think my math is broken! What's a condom?
thanks Mike!
my cousin aziah is so sweet she says she loves u and u r so famous and she trys to be just like u love u and ur music alyssa
Kinda sad is leaving, but I had a blast with him!
RT : E-books represented 19% of Harper’s sales in the U.S. in the third quarter, 11% of world sales.
Tim McGraw album promo just got added! If they don't delay the release again you may actually get to air it! :)
hahaha but typically it's you . this time it happened too be Carlos .
Cute. Twitter thinks I'm still a Chicagoan.
Got a video ....maybe two from last show with Payote at Harvelles...stay tuned!
don't pretend like you're so religious when we all know what you do.
lol does anyone else remember the band metro station??
Always nice to hear that.Thanks!
Awesome, can't wait to see some new episodes!
We began our launch in early October..
don't put whites with any other color.. Silly.
please come back
text me(:
“: Lucky ass shot”
The Gum Wall is a good luck charm? I had no idea! Or Smith Tower, for that matter!
anchorman. easy.
All i really want is my long hair back ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I'm developing my book into a Broadway cabaret act with short readings and taking THAT show on the road as my book release tour. Thoughts?
UMKC was names of the top 600 schools in the country by Forbes. That puts us in the top 8%!
True, & I don't do the random opponent thing. Do you? If so, it'd be a trip to play. My username is
in a Royals jersey? I think I've died and gone to heaven. Wish I could be in KC this weekend for the match.
will you be tweeting fans again any time soon? I am so sad that I missed my chance!!
Wow!!!! Finally I realized studying is hard!!!
I was feeling so bad, so down, so lost earlier, and feel somewhat better with no answer...really eerie feeling.
Budweiser stage is where I'll be staying on Sunday!!!
if joins #CuseNation next yr the Cuse will be playing in this game, and winning it!
I think gaga killed me with that arrival
I definitely regret not being there.
Love the Netflix ILL idea, but don't know how it could be sustainable. DVD's are so cheap to produce; books less so.
See now i'll remember today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
no sir. I have to move and make some repairs to old place and be out by tomorrow. Stressful shite
I wish #Disneyland sold their corn dogs at stores. I'm craving one like crazy right now!
thanks sew much dollzface
bye bye now :)
Missing you like crazy<3
If your in Miami and need a professional recording studio holla @ me!
Stopped by #DisneyAnimation for lunch today... Cool Stuff coming!
TONIGHT!!! *LEIANA* 9PM @ DOBBS!!! w/ Tidewater Grain, The Electric Boa, and Sweet Eureka!
Ditto. One of my favorites is "Batman: The Killing Joke".
So we're talking about sketchy easter bunnies, fear of clowns and old places around Milwaukee at work. Yeah, it's a productive Friday.
today is gonna be a awesome one
For I am my mother's daughter, and the drums of Africa still beat in my heart. ~Mary McLeod Bethun
Hey there. I love the desserts at W.A. Frost on Selby Ave. in St. Paul.
i wanna b got plz? love ya!
IM BACK!x
Just discovered my desktop has wireless hm
Tim Urban sucks. Didi Benami should not have been eliminated.
I'm completely destroyed my Brother had a lil' girl... Lol
Criminal Minds makes me happy that I don't have a car.
"hey what time is it?" "theres a clock right there." "Bitch did I f*ckin ask you where a clock was!?"
Hope the Egyptian uprisings improve salaries. I Have intelligent, creative friends there making peanuts
Seems like my bed was strapping me down this morning.
That feeling when there isn't anymore toilet paper and you're already done taking a dump <<<
Babysitting my fake baby and finding new music. This is not so bad.
Yeah. It'll last for a day or two. And then I go back to being the Twitter equivalent of Calvin Coolidge.
that's funny. That's the same day I start my new job on South Beach. Let's get it.
Someone needs to tell this nasty little boy to cover his nasty little mouth when he coughs, sneezed, and whatever else he's letting out!
What? I'LL PASS. Not down like that.
What inspires you when it comes to healthy living?
No problem! Thanks to the Earth Day Clean Up volunteers!!
your retail suffers when you hold up people 30 mins behind ONE security scanner. I could've bought some expensive cocktails
you need to lollx
RT Don't forget to shop at Whole Foods Market Houston today! 5% of all sales go to the Orange Show!!
So glad I didn't grade this essay first. Problems, yes, but it's one of those redefining essays. It's awesome to be a teacher.
that's to funny! How do you even find out that you can pay for followers? Sounds like a black market to me lol
This is the best feeling.
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
I'm just sitting here nodding my head
Maybe you need to get back on the mower with your laptop and see what kinds of stories you create! :)
Music and song fills my heart and mind which only means I get to share it with all of you!!! I cant wait to let you hear them!!!
I read the first few words of that and thought you put up my latest interview.
Blowhard is a good title given that 'BJ and the Bear' was already taken.
Good night all! Be safe if you're out. :)
“: Yuni with a great grab!” ....and a nice hit earlier as well in possibly his final game as Brewer
I shouldn't be up in my Ambien haze, but the dogs needed to go out. Found a new assisted living place for mom, so moving days approach!
Exhausted, oh well got #2HOURS until.#BOYFRIEND I don't need sleep I got
Great night with my real people <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>Mad love for the true few
Good point! Economic bias is the elephant in the room that we don't want to talk about, but need to.
“: me to and I remember saying "oh boy, he won't get far!" and look at him now!! Look at me now, I love him!!”
Horton, Leyva, Orozco, Brooks, Wynn, Mikulak, Ishino among men's gymnasts slated for May 5 qualifier at Colorado Springs.
religion, so it was what I was exposed to. Yes, all holy books have teachings people don't follow. And that's why atheism was what
I think so. I think it would make his day.
Met some clients of yours this weekend. They are very happy. Keep up the good work!
Those who forget the pasta are condemned to reheat it. ~Author Unknown
I wonder if Dante went to practicee wit Ashlee
thanks man. Been looking forward to it going public for a good while… We work w/amazing investigators
But I prefer the term "class dish"
ok just checking. Everyone is okay though right?
Boo my nieces need tickets hook it up boo
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on. -----Carl Sandburg
Me being me doesnt involve u- so if u think i NEED u-- i was born without u and damnsure dont need this relationship-
oh bummer... I could not take such stylish shoes from such a cutie! I will find my own pair.
Welcome to the Wiz of Awes crew!
I'm more of a smoker lol cheers to that!
My boss is obsessed with She just gave me his book and told me it was "genius." I'll be the judge of that.
Who is taking the next 12 months to train seriously for their first #CrossFit Games experience? I know I want to be on a team for regionals!
When things aren't working out as you wish, be patient. Stop trying to move ahead of the God. His timing is always perfect. Trust Him.
got some Sunday session work to do. Beats hanging around the house listening to my loud ass neighbors bump their bass.
My son lives inVegas and I never know what the heck is going in! Have a great time!
1800 miles since April; 200 more to go.
the "Wine Wednesday" Bridge? Where on earth is that?
Ah I shoulda listen to on not swim yesterday since it was cold. . Noe im getting sick :/
Spider House is legendary...what is your go to order there??
The eggnog shake at McDonalds is surprisingly pretty tasty
That is the great parent.
Friday Humor: "I sold my house this week. I got a pretty good price for it, but it made my landlord mad as hell." - Garry Shandling
's reliance on others for his own commentary (without as much of a link or mention) is a "bullshit cop-out" itself
they gonna judge me anyway.
I predict that the SafeLibraries blog guy will gripe about this in the comments of the next Annoyed Librarian post.
Mother's Day Supper at Lincoln, call for a reservation!
Wonderful production and amazing performance of #Rinaldo, but for God's sake, would someone please unplug the smoke machine!
Just about ready to sit down for a webinar. I'm kind of pumped.
Uh uh the skinny white girl slap the wrong one #bernice aint having it
These freshman are nasty af
Would love to see the caps force a game 7 and win it just like against the bruins
its a love story what more can I say except that Team Edward rocks for the people that are into it.
Am I to be nervous when I walk into your church, or will your pastor be nervous for his flock?? LOL
To the hostess at the restaurant we're attending for my dear friend's birthday: We will have words. You will not like any of them.
Club reputation...Houston , TX
Can't stress how much I hate driving anywhere near prius's and minivans
Lee Foster dreams of the day he can say the WLT call letters on the air again.
Thank you Mr Wickus! :) x
Well then, I hope you have a big really butt. *snicker* Omg, now the twitter bot will send me fans of big butts. ~sigh
Roses are reddish, Violets are bluish, If it weren't for Christmas, We'd all be Jewish. ~ Benny Hill
I didn't know shes out of my league was filmed in Pittsburgh ..?
counting (not out loud, though!)
very pretty:)
bet, who you going with?
Twitter right now got depressed Heat fans, and a bunch of savages roaming trying live that creep life
We need a miracle George!
Ouch. I feel your pain.
Holy shiznits he went to jarred I think I'm going to die!!!! But he went to Kay every kiss begins with k not j
We’ve been updating the server software and it is causing the “shake.” It will be fixed in a day or so.
I mean "math".
Anyone use or have an opinion about The Open Group Architecture Framework (TOGAF)?
never got around to that can of V8.
#LTBroadcasts "A new record has been made for an airplane flight from England to Australia-11,000 mile trip in 9 days" (4/10/31)
alright..yu kno I'm broke right?
no no no Well then I look like potato to :)
I thought I was the only one hahaha! Especially when they lift up their shirts >_> idk why, but they weird me out, but they do!
those are the most amazing games ever omg
Are there any ultimate frisbee pick-ups during this weekend?
The folks at sent me a sample of merquén spice a while back & now I'm hooked. Just got a 3-pack I ordered to restock
How u do I pay you through Email? I cant remember how I did this last time. Im the guy who bought "I Awoke" from u. Holler back
I miss both of you! RT : I miss you!
That's it. I'm going on a BBQ roadtrip all over the south. Thanks Anthony Bourdain for the inspiration!
Hello youtubes! For the record I showed Andrew. And creepyfriendly showed me.
why are great shows like Community and Arrested Development so low-rated? i've never really understood it
I know me too!!! RT : It's Wednesday but I'm already in Friday mode...
#YallNeedToBreakUpIf you are abused or not respected. You deserve respect!
ooh i have a box of those in my fridge right now! they are good
Fund View: Biondo father-and-son mutual fund No. 1 in U.S - Chicago Tribune
I really need to wrap up this work by the weekend so I can attend
piloxing? miss those classes! RT "jab, cross, hook, upper cut" gettin my Monday night sweat on w the girls
changed my password, hope that helps! wow
I hate everybody that's ever sent me an event or game request on Facebook. I hate you all.
Please don't forget what I sent you regarding your TAG eligibility and the impact of being in-state!
ok, might finally try the broccoli grilled cheese today!
The cover was great!!
> Awesome! Thanks , hope you will stop by soon mate!
Happy New Year! Here's hoping that 2012 is a lot more than just a rerun of 2011!
I don't want it anymore I left 2011 behind focused on 2012 and I swear its bettet
np what do you do sing rap what
Listening to that old music aka silk
beat her ass. ;) Ill help.
Getting to work a bit early today...ton to do! And yikes this ice!
nice work!
Hay hay Birthday boy, it's mine too today! I would love to come to your screening n laugh my ass off too...what do I have to do?
your pony joint shut down the club last night.
I'm playin pac-man ;) he is si awesome
We're all set up at Come check out our booth and have a sample.
It's symbolic, considering our Batman collection(s)
In B-town
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 46
I'm confused lol, position?
hello there. How ya doing?
It is important to keep your head up and follow what you believe is right. - Ajay Naidu
thanks for the RT
Please follow me.you're my life!
Yep. I dub this "Symbiotic Sunday"!
Getting paid today woop woop! Going shopping maybe tomorrow
FUCK YEAH SUCK IT JETS! Especially you plaxico!
already writing to this cover song its almost done! omg gunna be so hot :) yall better love it!
Homework is the death of me..
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 46
Not sure why we are afraid to take the shot from time to time
I want to cook bacon on your forehead and then seductively eat it off. Is that weird?
That makes me very sad :(.
Never knew we have Nandos here in America.. Might have to travel to the east coast soon
Oyster night tonight, yum yum!
Clippers had this game with about 8 mins left. Since then they have played like a team that doesn't know how to close out a series.
new video today gonna be tight!!
I have a Droid...will chk out market and tweetdeck.com. Where's doc on Twitter, like a bio, shortcuts, terms, etc?
Spotify is way way better when you pay for it. But have no idea if that's the same context.
Viagra Lite: For people who only want to masturbate
yes, that worked for me.
OMFG FOLLOWED MEE :o:o aH -DIED-
guys who can bake are more likly to cook as well am i right?
It's #SOTU day! Expecting a busy day in the offices :)
:) so how has your week been?
Can't beat it! RT : love your view everyday
Ahh.... Twitter... Let's do this.
Getting much better at the letting it bend before it breaks thing...
I'll be seeing you on Saturday and drinking way too much wine! :)
You can't rely on Facebook for marketing your business. They can change the game whenever they please. (sorry Group owners!)
Kobes wife is bad
Not sure if finding ping pong balls in the shower is good or bad
First day I've had a computer in 5 days. Good to be back home!
lmfao Idc, I just think this is the funniest thing that's ever happened to me ...
where u from
The Council is discussing paying employees back for the furlough days.
I. Am. ALIVE.
Movie Night Sunday 8pm #mentorstudio, who is coming?!
Sleep and water. I literally get sick from lack of sleep.
One Direction's #WMYB on a NOW cd. Oh.
Lakers get blown out heat lose by a few, lakers at full strength heat w/o Chris Bosh u tell me whos weak
Talking at dinner my wife described me as being "casually elegant" which beats old, short, fat, eccentric and weirdly dressed...
is exhausting after a night of grading.
New york was the first state to require cars to have license plates.
The concert last night at was awesome! Tomorrow night, and this weekend, !
Yeah...The Voice! Ready to see some all over my TV
My wife finally saw #MayweatherCotto fight and says "Why are Cotto fans upset? He got his ass kicked", and she's a Cotto fan!
#InTheSummer i'm going to grow my hair out <3
On behalf of jzinonos, moët tweets :moët was set to MEGU-MI by electric power.
hahahha... f*ck the both of y'all
There is a good thing that came out of this- you taught me how to be strong all by myself.
Security informed me that I was no longer allowed to run past Speilberg's trailer. Added to list of celebs I've personally offended.
why would you cancel that?! xD
Middleton def. East 10-0 in first meeting this season.
I foreshadowed tonight's meeting in a post on my blog, which I can't link to since the district's wifi is so slow!
Just tapped snowmageddon on cask:) !
Representing at the Relato Digital Storytelling conference in Valencia this week!
Having a fun business brunch with
Y is everyone dieing or getting sick.....I had two of my parents friends died nd now my uncle is sick, he's dieing of liver cancer.
2 days left! I met so many women in LA who I hope our girls turn out to emulate, and now I'm off to NYC for more! So excited!
Mild heart attack when the cleaners show up an hour early. "One minute, one minute!" *scrambles to grab clothes*
Im single, i dont know how i feel about this yet
Toptional is taking Vegas over. Let's get to it!
decastro was a GREAT CATCH though
i don't follow back rubbish,. please dont send rubbish
Im A Part -Time Female Swim Team Coach .
songs worse
ppl dont know what they want to do
#AUSTREAM when austin gave me a shout out :) made my life complete !!!
Anyways... Lol I'm done.
Don't feel left out Toledo, Prussia will be at Frankie's on the 3rd!
Alright folks, where are we watching the bulls game tonight?
Jamming to all the old songs from like 2007 on my iTunes
Promoting CFR propaganda for corporate takeover of the worlds food supply in the name of "feeding the hungry"? Shameful. Goodbye.
Cheers to Simplicity....
Pierrette Hondagneu-Sotelo says that Obama's dortation policy is equivalent to a gendered racial removal program.
As you can see I'm no longer fighting w/ TPT. I've decided that if they don't care for my contribution I will take traffic elsewhere.
lmaooo.. I wasn't walking that fast -.-
I don't eat at or follow Wendy's, so why are they on my feed?
what happened to foxxhopper? and how am I still miraculously following you? Not complaining, i just confuse easily, you know.
daylight savings exhaustion hitting hard. I need espresso stat.
#FF can't wait to be back for season 3 of
I was laughing at the possible jokes when Heidi exclaimed "this is the most expensive thing I've ever held in my hands!"
the quick green fox jumped past the tired dog.
#thanks pa
haahaha love the prof pic on twitter...so glad u cropped me out! #sbtechtakeover memories <33
because ur his girlfriend
18 minutes then I get to go to my.next.class that I can chill in as well :D
Always remember that I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me. - Winston Churchill
Sacramento Kings take on the Philadelphia 76ers at the Wells Fargo Center, Tonight at 4 pm. Listen @ 1140am or watch @ CSNCA
started kissing me again ;-* ah i think i love him <3
So much rage for the Sparkman parking lot. Everything was fine how it was.
I am not concerned about the basketball lockout. I was getting tired of millionaires with 41% FThrow who miss 15 foot jumpshots.
Yuriorkis Gamboa is eerily similar to Mike Tyson.His ko over Solis was downright awesome
Ok, Buckeyes, you are in control right now. Bring home a win.
sappy mood tonight lol (:
Thank you God for another day of life!<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Have a great weekend and have confidence, everybody ;)
spotted on 405 freeway caravan of Mazda 6's with Michigan manufacturer plates.
After an incredible weekend in Las Vegas, it's nice to jump back into the daily grind...
All done for the day! Thanks everybody for coming out and for following us! Huzzah!
In the studio all at different times today! Guitars, Bass, Theramin... The sex, the baby and watch it grow!
Feeling thirsty??? Come join La Cofradia for HAPPY HOUR
My application to the Summer Institute on Data Curation was accepted!
Whoa, yeah, way too much too tweet-that's why I'd taken to G+ (a little more long-form). In Las Vegas city-wise.
Not cool. Did they leave?
well at least they're healthyish haha!
Hell yeah!!! BBN!
Life's.... About to get so real for me! Fuck having to work to get money, rather do what I love.
my mom just put my phone down in water...and she doesn't understand why I'm pissed off...
a couple turns ago I drew audience, and it showed that you didn't get it, but he right letters werent even showing
I met my husband at a local coffee shop. So it totally happens.
Hello Friends do you have your own style or do you follow other?
Fusco: plaza as theatrical staging ground for social relations and response to authority
Brrr! Got the chills :-\
Hoping to see win her primary today in
Having one of those days I should have stayed in bed
who wants to talk? i'm kinda bored u.u
Anyone else try the #crowdcraftproject B'Austin Ale at #sxsw? We the people got it right! Very nice.
Sun's out! Feels like a fresh start - and it is! Happy New Year, everyone!
Lovely evening in Baltimore. Cocktails, anyone?
Winding roads and autumn leaves, rocks to my right, sun-sparkling creek to my left, and thanking my lucky stars...
twinkle twinkle little whore a relationship is 2 not 4. unless your into that kind of thing
So can Travis Wood. Too bad Dusty Baker didn't have him as the starter for game 1. Might have had a different ending to the game!
RT : thanks mom so excited. She wants her spurs to see what she has made. She keeps pounding away at the cancer.
hey girl! thanks for the follow!! how are you?
can't wait to see you guys! No stereotyping my boyfriend lol
Harvest season is just around the corner. The trees look great.
I love you! Congrats on getting over 80 million views on youtube!
how bad does it hurt your feet doing a backflip off your car? Soles in racing shoes are thin!
Win ! Thats a nice rarity..... Now hoping for a and #Terps win for the evening !!
I'd love that, but our beaches suck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
were gonna watch the hunger games and im going with my friend Kristel and Janine.
they were all new to twitter but they did a great job!
APRIL 7 come to 's Day In The Park 2pm -5pm w etc...
Wearing pedometer. Step count will look healthy, but only because I'm drinking 24oz beers at bw3s & making constant trips to restroom.
got my first #finalcutpro edited clip under my belt! Woot!
Sissy boy story example of travesties perpetuated in the name of Christianity.
Aint been on twitter in min... what up my people!!!
My fellow #Palin twitters. I received a letter from Sarahpac. She needs our support to finish what was started in 2010...
Just followed back everyone that followed me on instagram.
lol when should i start it?
We want names!! RT : at least 1 guy in #SLA2012 needs to be listening to what's being said right now about avoiding conflicts
so cute.
:) thanks homie. How have you been?
He hasn't been in the grave for a long time. He walks the earth neither dead or alive...
Residential shredding done everyday, closed on Sunday.
working on something and i look way better than you!
I need more cough drops
Thanx 4 the Follow! <3 right back at ya!
Just poked my honey on FB. FB tells me he has not received it because he has not logged in to receive it yet. Poke. Poke. Poke.
Maybe? When no one is looking???
Plan is to slowly fade back outbid your life. Oviestlyy
Oh I see what you did there
I hate pancakes lol and I'm an ass remember? :)
according to commercials some serious business is about to go down!
I really kinda want to dance tonight.
If you want to be scared SHITLESS watch
Hey Guys - TONIGHT - Boulder 19th Ward - The Bright Light Motion w/ Kill the Mariner - 7 PM - FREE
Boys never realize how much one little thing can hurt a girl. #MQ [Follow me, I'll follow back] <U+2665>
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea???
Most of the panels we've been (or heard about) to were outdated, preaching to the choir or self-congratulating
Looking for another job ..
I want to eat your heart
: I like the special edition holiday Reese's. Bigger, more peanut butter. DANG NOW I WANT ONE!
needs to quit saying people are saying mean things about me!! Hahaa.
Now and then I think of all the Times you screwed me over...
“I am a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down...” ~Mr Abraham Lincoln
Thanks for sharing! Unfortunately, that po.st link didn't seem to go anywhere
Fuck it ill drink.
Girls in Front Royal. # whores
Ministering at a pastors conference. this weekend. I love helping pastors encounter God & seeing them refreshed & renewed.
RT Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide. ~ Napoleon Bonaparte
Is that supposed to scare me? Haha
RT : If the bluebird of happiness shits on you, just wipe it off and use it in your fudge recipe.
Put all the details they'd need into a PDF containing the e-mail threads, yet they still ask me for the details. Hate. Customer. "Service".
bringing it back to 2007 old school nights doing it up big with
I try and use Emojis on everything. I forget that the whole world doesn't have iPones......
think more about loving people in Honduras, and I feel bad. I had no idea.
so hood stay hood luv me tiaunna marie
the ghetto way of saying gunna ;P
I'm always working at looking for work even when I'm working ;)
Dan Knott, respected Chrysler purchasing chief, dies at age 51 after battle with cancer
Thanks for the mention! Glad you enjoyed the article. Good stuff!
Today's my half birthday already, so. As of today, I can get my license.
I would totally love to see your show! Let me know what goes on?
you on the list for mixes for sure.
I feel like this has been the longest week ever. And we've had half days!
Pith wanted to repost one of my blog entries. Now maybe I can get my very own hateful gast comment!
Magic Johnson is going to be a grandfather - could hardly believe it (time flies), but what a tremendous thing for him & his family.
#beachtobay volunteer: leg five (Tamara) will need to hitchhike to the finish line. Umm yeah sure.
u already sleep.
He always has an excuse but the blame lies with him #chokers RT : Redknapp complaining about 'tiny squad'.
IBM pushes new integrated, lower-cost Linux servers - Computerworld
We are St. John's! RT : is attending the Cleveland Independent Schools Fair at Hawken Upper School tnite!
Grateful that every day is a day to start over
Yeah buddy we got that run going
oh sorry): did you have to get a 399 to pass?
Thank you! ;0)
Unboxing my new
TONIGHT: performing at Skully's Music Diner! Doors at 5pm - $12
Have you try our Mr.Wasabi Steak? It comes with miso soup, salad and rice. Yummy!
It's like that old saying goes, "Secrets, secrets, are no fun...especially when you HAVE TO KEEP THEM UNTIL JULY!" That might just be me.
WTF???? WHO THE HELL IS THAT?
neti pot looks like a nose bong
I'm convinced that Magic is a robot...lol
There comes a time, if you sit back, where you get a chance to really look at yourself and know and understand yourself a little better
At the hotel and preppin for tomorrow
we baybay we live dangerously ;)
Yes! A great essential oil blend that is Ylang Ylang, Lavender and Frankincense. It is for blasting away Fear of Change
Can you believe that has never been tailgating? To be rectified Friday.
this will now be stuck in my head till I watch it!! haha will always be my favorite movie <3
It makes me feel bad to see little old people sitting by there self at restaurants. :(
OMG FOOD NETWORK STAR SO EXCITED YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW
You're not so bad yourself :) I miss you kiddo! How are you?
What a great asset!
I Love Louis :D
"Snatch" was just dropped in the office.
well lucky for you i didnt disclose your full name ;) haha jk jk
Guys and Dolls, I am live in 5 minutes and will be live tweeting for about an hour - come watch my life crumble @ ZenLive.tv at 9pm EST
Not to suck you down the rabbit hole, but if you liked Hunger Games, you HAVE to read Divergent. It's really great.
"Its not Faith if you use your eyes.."
o.O What, she wants so much mayo in it it no longer tastes like fish?
Thanks for the follow. You are an inspiration. Bet you keep all those younger writers on their toes.
: If it snows, we're still having the event. If it REALLY snows, we may have to cancel. But there's no easy way to reschedule.
We've got a gig in Sunnyvale at Murphy's Law on thursday. Come flirt with the hot bartender and the boys in the band. Love, the PR girl
#Texas fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Baylor #Texas)
I'm not a cat person. That's why I raised Token to be a dog.
Puck?:your in NY city of love Sam:*mouthful of food*I thought that was Paris
Winning this series would be glorious.
ALL American
Human life runs its course in the metamorphosis between receiving and giving. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Idgaf = I don't give away food.
Yes ma'amu kno how I do lol RT : lol I figured it was just a joke
never a good idea haha
Not Bad... I Like
we should have the site up on our goal date of the 1st, Lilly demanded to be the 1st pet of the month, but who will be next...
Ethan Rafuse speaking on Lincoln and the conduct of the war in the House of Representatives Chamber, Old State Capitol, Springfield...
Heat look good
enjoyed your latest piece on Matador!
Great tip - thanks! We'll start the watch... (cc: )
Tonight spring industry party, 10:30 - 2:30 dj in the vault, free sushi, full bar. come dance the night away
#808Pride RT date guys like nick acts like vinny abs like mikey cutie like louis bootie poper like jason tall like madison& liver like T$
Space still available for button accordion classes at Plaza De La Raza. Group lessons are $10. Sign up today by calling (323) 223-2475.
BIRTHDAY COUNTDOWN: 2DAYS.
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
Join our email list& check out our website @ OhioAnimalCompanion.org :)
RT : #becauseofobama and I are happy // :)
Disney has written me into another episode of Austin & Ally! Film next week! Here we go December...
Good afternoon :) you didn't get a good morning s/o cus I wake up late >__< Bt here you have it..
thats awesome man - you on 360 or ps3?
Off to Dobbs to see my friends play :)
RT : #vashon proud! RT : Best Chef: Northwest: Matt Dillon, Sitka & Spruce, Seattle
MENTION ME <3
Brand new (just made). Made of 6-7oz Premium Cowhide Suede Split Sand.
You're pathetic.
With the finishes at the #TXAm qualifier you can say SUgolf is stacked, both figuratively and literally(Keener).
I had a great time you today baby I love you(: 3 months nd many more(:<3 (9/18/11)(:
Some live to see the gain. Others die to end the pain. Few smile to stay sane. But I? I live just to remain...
Cooler, drier weather means static electricity in your hair. Helpful tip: Use products that reduce friction to prevent too much static.
Trying to figure out how to work twitter
you'll always be in my elite cool fave people group. :D
: met Jamie, aka Marlow from The Wire. Having already met Omar I've met my two favorite actors from my favorite television program
Gotta grow up sometime!!
Haha yeah sitting on the patio, sipping a rum and coke and listening to the brewers game
that's right #noboysallowed until we get there of course
yes we should but how would I get my stuff there or urs here? And ur no help!
minecraft on blast
Bus of southern catholic school kids + dude in tights with a sword = crazy night at Five Guys
it's ant tho, half the words he utters are actually stutters lol
mom:" I don't know why you're waisting your time , he doesn't even know you, you should forget him and focus on your real life" BLAH BLAH
At least he's dedicated! :-)
follow back??
that awk moment when you are the only grl walking with your bf and his friends and you don't know any of them and its quiet..
Can't wait to be with !! <U+2764> Haven't seen him at all b/c he's busy :/ But anyways can't wait for next week babe!
Mos Def.. I got expectation for this summer. Hope you're around :)
Wonderful weather today! I hope you are enjoying it!
Thanks for the follow- Send edited MP3 to .edu thanks for the support
If you #standwithwalker, you stand with the only Governor in our state's history that needs a criminal defense fund for massive corruption
hey- do you guys have a bottle of Black toner for your copier down there- or one that I could replace in a few days?
: #sxMetcalfe: Tech startups are basically heat seeking missiles looking for their target.
": Woo Hoo!!! Funny u r on Twitter! Have fun for us slobs #jealous" / Our wedding is Saturday on the beach.
I hate Twitter character limit
Piano man
I should of been asleep 2 hours ago. But I wanna talk to you so.. :)
Anyone have a view of the Ohio River in #Ripley? Would love to do some #wakesurfing this weekend!
well he better rethink that
doctors today say waist measurement may be more important then BMI, wonder about the implications for
Come see what goes on between the pages of Little Women opening April 29 @ 7:30pm SDSU theatre.sdsu.edu LITTLE WOMEN the muscial
Off to the delightful Blackeyed Susan CD release !
Happiest Friday, friends! Cozy up to your coffee, your work and dream of the weekend. Also of July. And fruity drinks. And...
True life
"I see nothing but perfection in you"
For those of us that missed it, what exactly did you say??
Wolf needs a new Glove
: tell me about your startup. Are yoh still in Germany?
Finally time u have a picture up!!!! Now tweet woman!!!
your dog is adorable!
Finally started reading The Hunger Games. I can see why it's engrossing in just the first fifty pages. Incredibly subversive.
sounds like we need a r&r wine reunion!
yes! They are selling them at Kiosk. I *almost* bought one.
cant wait for Saturday!!!!!!!
Can't wait for Katy Perry's movie :DD
"A doodle is the start of an idea.".
oh Chris!!! Swagg
Okay , I'm here and ready to advise!
This -----> RT Its just a no good very sad day.
The Script concert tonight with Christina! PUMPED!
I hope that's still pretty far but I could manage that(:
Got script revisions for "The Device" this Saturday. I shall be ready!
i asked!
Warning: the internet may contain traces of nuts.
So apparently my book is available just not on Amazon yet.
back in the game?
Follow she's beautiful and my best friend(:
yes ma'am I'm fine. Why u ask that?
Have a good weekend being #timeshare free and respond for next weeks transfer
didn't go away after writing PW. Still there, but hope lives alongside it that story will save other animals.
i try not too..
Don't forget Kentucky when it comes to bad football teams.
Omg I have such a toothache left side top and bottom
I'm extremely tired. I've got school tomorrow with Edgar.
Success is dependent upon the glands--sweat glands.
Ron Artest: "I think we did OK". Yeah, OK for a 29-point drilling
woke up with "When Doves Cry" in her head.
YOMO...You Only Marry Once so choose me!!! #mormpickuplines awe<3
I like the idea, let's talk Mark.
is anyone wearing a cool tie in the surveillance? thesilktie.com
What about that thunderstorm when I was up?
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission. ~ Fred Allen
Get ready to explore the impact of generational diversity. Get tactics for bldg better dialogue from
#ThingsThatINeed 's follow<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
would love to know what you have coming in the near future. Would love to have a chance to audition please keep me postGodbles
Don't play dumb to get a man. Real men like intelligence.
When I have nothing else to say I'll tweet song lyrics
lately I been having an obsession of listen to Tank
gold diggin ass bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
thank you sweetheart!
This game is insane!
so excited for my trip there and your trip here!
of course he does...how can one resist.
told you i got you lol... :)
But this is not the end we still have picnic we gonna make it crunk!!!!!!!
Migraine out of nowhere. Fack.
The ceaseless praise for Apple's user interface design is the "Mussolini made the trains run on time" of the information age.
Two of the first cities to hit 80° today: Fairmont and Rochester!
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>I see your true colors and that's why I ______ you<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
RT : 82% grad rate means more than 8 out 10 student-athletes are earning degrees within six years. This is great news.
Right now!! From about 9AM to 9 PM every weekday in the library by Sam's Place. We are the tables closest to the front doors.
I are not average! RT : None of us are average. Be yourself.
When makes fun of you for not having a dirty mind<<<
I didn't even get the practice questions right... #eoct #ithinkifailed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Finally! :D
i dont even know what that means bro
Had a Awesome day today God has really help me strength my Faith and now all I want to do is GO Hard 4 Him in everything I do I Love My God!
Nope... I'm on the same page.
the "older" seem to act more "immature". #truuuudaaaat lol
Bling Bling Nite is coming!!! Support All About HOPE
im omw. Make sure its cold lol. I just had some and I didnt have to walk to the second house to getem lol
Making Changes On My BDay Next Month
not that it's right, but America is a business first...we can't really expect it to operate otherwise. those guys are disposable.
unacceptable! Get back online! I expect you to buy NCAA football 2013 as well lol.
Hello Tivoli theatre. Your lights look pretty.
Might want to spell check your thank you email there Sparky : Interview with Gordon Birsch tomorrow in Scottsdale
3rd annual #BBQ sauce contest/festival: Sat, Oct. 27, 2012, at in #Austin, #Texas. Put it on your calendar!!!
lmfaooo i really don't know THAT much, but i know some things like you know some things bout my liffe.
Military News, Benefit Information
This lady threw aaallllllllllll my clothes all over the room smh.
#Oomf can most definitely get it .
thats what I need, a secret partnership with a huge company. Still moving forward. No time to rest.
On flt 600 and landed in PHX at 8:35. Still sitting on plane waiting for a gate. Next plane boards in 15m. Could be avoided.
“ I hate dummy missions.”
My work is a game, a very serious game.
The only thing that makes these midnight interviews tolerable is how wonderful these participants on the other side of the world are.
I must have typed the word 'pigeon' fourteen times before deciding that it was actually spelled correctly. Not a fan of the bird or the word
red bringing out the fire?
thoughts tangled up in my writing again
its not #summerslam its
The rescheduled UX Happy Hour meets Beer && Code is this Wednesday, 1/25 at our HQ from 6:30pm to 10ish. Design meets dev! Come on by!
can you let me know what your thoughts of the seminar are!! I'm thinking about going to the one in boston
- One of your fans wrote me. She took your bady tweet seriously! I'll retweet it so that you can see it.
The Chiefs have claimed QB Kyle Orton off waivers. The only way I can understand this, is if they are planning for the future...
Lonely bored confuesd before I met you.
The score could be much worse for the #pens. #Flyers hit two posts and missed a few open nets.
Lololol! Get outta here with ya Over-Thirsty butt! Lololol!
Your beauty cannot be spanned by a finite basis of vectors.
Every single thing that happens to you or for you, happens 4 a reason. Find out the reasons and you'll find out your purpose. Proverbs24:20
I have become insignificant. Ho hum...
fuck yeah dude!
Thanks for The BugaBees tweet!
miss it? what? being ignored? I don't think so..
Just got a call from some1 looking 2 offer our clients Facebook advertising & PR services.
yea dude, i was thinking of looking into gigs there, spread my wings a little in the home country!
This Nigga Here!
well of course. It's make him appreciate his voice that much more.
| please follow us so may forward a DM 2 U. Thks!
We (the world) certainly have our heads screwed on properly.
When he told me he liked me, I just wanted to melt<3
This nice weather is an illusion
Am I the only one who thinks everyone who drives slower than me is old and everyone who drives faster than me is a douche?
hey, what was the homework for chung? :o
Congrats and good luck
Conquered a new #yoga sequence today! Feeling stronger with each pose.
3 more classes, and then 2 finals, and I'll be done for the summer. Omg I can not wait.
*hugs* Hope the drugs work and you get better quickly.
for a memoir of Gemini and Apollo missions, I like Carrying the Fire by Michael Collins
comfort zones are most often expanded through discomfort.
on that shit !
Looking for a good book on web services. Anyone have a favorite?
I Got KU pullin' the upset!!!
Check out my new videos with pageant tips from Miss Manhattan Beach and Miss Venice Beach!
not in my eyes....but if your going conf champs for bcs conferences...maybe...
It's bird flu? Bird flu!?
Oh my fuckin gosh can we just go to Golden Corral so I can be a fatass & put everything in the chocolate fountain please
Hello my Twitter friend. Have a Wonderful! Memorial Day. Stay safe and keep tweeting me. Tweet! Tweet!
My Boy Speedy Lew Wilson Gonna Have a Son... damn shits gettin Real
You were there too? Ahh I'm sad I missed you. And, according to the show, I'm not normal either! Like, at all
Do I need to reiterate my understanding that you're neither southerner nor supporter of this?
way too much.
RT jamieinoutrspce: so ya betta hide ya kids, hide ya wife.
#sljsummit10 All educational research shows that tmost significant effect on student achievement is quality TEACHING. Do you get this?
Another great Grammy winning Delta Bluesman has died at 96.... R.I.P. David "Honeyboy" Edwards... Not very many originals left
got concerned there for a sec about nan.
lol. I thought it was great, but perhaps it's cooler over here?
Truly enjoying the calm before the storm.
"If her legs don't work why does she have a cast ?" These guys in the mall are very… Not smart.
How fitting that I am ringing in this Valentines Day with #ForgetAboutTheBoy!!
": you launching??? That logo hard!! That's ur shit?" <<< yea that's me!! Preciate that too my nig. I still gotcha!
We would like to start planning early & get a lot of students interested in the State Competition! WSUV DECA represent!
Ima go. I'll be on before I delete it. Peace.
Tonight and tomorrow night be sure to check out AVA Ballet's Vortex. It's one ballet that certainly rocks! 8:30 p.m. @ Hawkins Amphitheater!
congrats on 400k!!! so proud of you austin! <3 plz follow me back it would mean so much to me:)
By noon today, every 1%er had pocketed what the average worker makes in a year. Via
I'm always looking for meaningful one night stands. -- Dudley Moore
fun times in colorado keep thinkin ao
not even on Kwikstar? Qixtar? Whatever it's called?
I hate when my friends try to set me up with someone. I think I'm capable of making my own decisions.
Australia and New Zealand as soon as a promoter wants to book it!!! Soon we hope! Cheers!
Dont worry so much about tomorrow that you forget to enjoy TODAY.
did my dad pick y'all up?
odd-hour birds
Dance again - jennifer lopez(:
YOUVE BEEN TO AMERICA BEFORE???
What restaurant did you go to?
My daddy who is a 2 time Childhood Cancer survivor just gave me $100 for ! Please donate to !
I'm by them - come say hi!
I know. but hey, text me. I'm booorrreeeedd!
When someone you hate blows up your phone
np I do talk to my followers I'm not mean lol
So happy trey was #1 today
tired. not done. time to not get enough sleep.
I know a great place to go! :)
Shifts do not appear on my map. Last time I did a shift was 199 days ago because of this. How can I submit an inquiry to fix?
Can't wait for next Monday to watch another episode of #makeitorbreakit :)
- & feels good too!
making a donut run 4 jenni! First one of this pregnancy.
Yea dats wat I'm talking bout
Thanks so much for the mention!
so far as I can tell, Dell still uses the NDC acronym for Network Daughter Card
Doing laundry for the first time in like 2 weeks...
Lookin forward to tomorrow: Lunch at , hosting a colleague on , & then a black-tie gala on #Sustainability :)
Happy Last Day of Classes Huskies!
I feel like that use to be me...until the phone actually molded over time to be permanently attached to my hand
Why Is Always Taking Pics With ! They Gay ! I Know They Be Fucking Each Other
7 lbs lost and more to go! Pregnancy really makes one gain weight, even if it wasn't my own.
Never apologize for showing your feelings. When you do so, you apologiz # for the truth (:
lol i feel u on that
I wanna go burry my head in hole right now!
Got two new scripts shooting next week. Boom.
Very Nice (cc )
Hudson is to Westminster as Brad is to the Olympics. Obsessed.
Death smiles at us all. All a man can do is smile back.
Just bought the Groupon for !
Took a day off from running and did yoga. Yoga is good for runners as it increases flexibility, improves strength, balance, and mental focus
I'm sending anthrax to everyone that uses the word 'ratchet' in any context outside of a garage.
Thanks for the MFF!
Yes, learning objectives DO matter! *sigh*
Yo meet exchange them emails. This that
IN LOVE!
Like this page? How about sharing it with your friends. Thanks for the support!
"Dewey Moede and the staff at KKIM went above and beyond the call of duty to keep the citizens of New Mexico up-to-date with news from the
The one day everyone in the 8th grade dresses up is award day awards and I still don't
Ready to start the online training course on strategic social media & online marketing! Here we go!!
The library can be a #bad place sometimes
My grandmother was right when she said to me that family ties are stronger than we think. Talk to your family, tell them you love them
The SOURCE is on a one month break recharging for a FABULOUS NEW YEAR OF SAVING THE WORLD. See you all next month! xoxoxooxo
Decided to check out The Cool Kids and Lupe Fiasco up at the UIC pavilion! Place is packed!
Sorry missed this tweet. Global warming is not a conspiracy. Cows really do pass gas!
so tired. drank a lil tonight.
RT : But he's really good at lying, yeah, he'll leave you in the dust. -Carrie Underwood
Oh I get it now :)
I am cheering hard for the mercenaries in blue today! COMEONCITEH!
Bye mom really means we can wait until the very last second to do our chores before she gets back.
There's no such thing as intangible impact, the definition of impact requires a change, and changes are proved by measures.
It sneaks into other people's houses too? That cat is a genius.
please please please follow me please
Adult fleas you see on your pet are only 5% of the fleas present!- The other 95% live in your carpet, on your furniture and in your yard.
parent told me she friended her daughter's future host mom on facebook - "They seem SO normal!"
Albuquerque!!! Doors open @ Hard Rock at 11- $20 today gets you into the show, & access to the bands & beer tent for Rock & Run!
not for you to forget my birthday or anything...
Thanks & Happy #WW to you! RT :
is trending now! love it
Gather tweets as comments, indicated as such? Isn't much but is easy and something. That ratio is blog-typical though, not bad.
Do you ever cast actors for your book's characters?
Whenever anyone says "aorta" I think of Angelina Jolie (and her leg) in Girl Interrupted.
We would like to take a moment and wish a very special Happy Birthday to our president Frank W. Naughton. Frank does amazing things for us!
Procrastination is the name of the grave where great opportunities are buried.
I think Andre has made incredible progress as a true point guard in his first year. I can only imagine the growth his 2nd year
Congrats to my other brother man. I wish your family nothing but wealth, Health & happiness. Love homie
I need to text me c:
Tonight at westlake Paninis the amazing acoustic artist Jonathan goldsmith and drink $3 coronas and $5 Jose Cuervo Margaritas.
Getting tickets tomorrow with ah!!
Mmhmm . And excuse my comments , seeing he's your property and all .
That was the last episode ever! #DesperateHousewives <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
I've moved in rain, snow, and 90+ degree weather in the past...I'm thrilled to have taken the easy way out this time!
I think Mr. Jay would have made a much better Cinna, and anybody would have made a better Peeta.
Turning away from screens, turning toward activities
Any Tweeps know a dryer repair guy?
The HomeBoy Book Tour has begun with a bang!
RT : "Employee bloggers are 5 times more credible than CEO bloggers." Edelman Trust Barometer. #bwe09 #bweq (via )"
it was fun thanks for letting me third wheel and cry after being depressed from that movie! Haha love you
hey you still up?
Your an amazing actor!(: PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
• That looks great!
NEVER SAY NEVER DAMN IT!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Grew up loving the Beastie Boys shocked to hear MCA died. R.I.P
I RT while laughing at faux death “: Star this tweet or you will die.”
If you like you'll love see jane rock!
cool - whatcha watching?
Its funny how ppl still talking shit sayin me n are irrelevant Buh WE don't even know u buh u know us? OBVIOUSLY Were sumbody
Ha! The photography team is having fun breaking eggs, slicing up (and eating) cake...just to get free stock photos for you
headed to CES next week? which 30,000 of you will be there?
Haha I assumed ketchup was just a consequence rather than a cause #KidsPhilosophy :]
so far, I have my A+. the classes I'm taking should get me to my Cisco test.
April showers...
The Lumineers > Alabama Shakes.
I think he hates us now lmao
i did take a vacation :) its always nice to get away ..how've ya been?
that was so much fun
I wonder if that Mafucka with the free boosie tat on his face regret getting that shit now? WUT?
Two Men Enter... One Man Leaves! #MelGibsonsIsF-IngNuts'
gotta love the guy ... Go Gators....
Landed in #Jersey and this guy is freaking out on the plane
Traffic, Traffic and more Traffic.... UGH
Gifts are given and rewards are earned don't wait for gifts work for rewards
but there's this crow that is always in our yard so I think Damon may be also ;D but then again there's bajillions of crows
And I'd for sure be enjoying the show from the Dog Pound. :)
yes!! ill tell u the story when i come to ur house or something :)
totes more apropos
Gearing up for our first Consumer Law Clinic this month, which is scheduled for tomorrow!
Thanks for nominating !!!!! :)
no love for a nigga :'(
You know you love basketball when.... You go into mourning when March Madness is over.
I'm supposed to be meeting up to finish my lab report in 40 min lol funny.
Make sure we get a chance to meet and connect at the conference!
Some things are just out of our control. Worry about what you can control and leave the rest to Him^.
You run from Noah but you hit a retarded kid.
I stayed at Hazlitt's about a year before you did. I vividly remember the slanting floors! (Great Winterson piece, BTW.)
I saw the beginning of that. I wish I didn't have to go to work so I could've seen what came of you after that grenade shot. ;-)
Final Day of the 2011 season, final collegiate game for our seniors, and our head coach's Birthday Day, big day ahead...
Swag gone turn up for the summer...
ok would love to marry him haha
spoil me like an apple just cuz im his boo
New background :) u like it?
Heading off to Panda Express, everyone is invited
one thing I love about catan is even my non geek friends like it.. Gateway drug...
I think it all depends on whether the insanity has a purpose... :x
got to go Matthews...
Tired. I think I'm going to lay in bed and listen to some Check Your Head.
Just cause shes a slutty hoe! And a dumb ranga. Hahahahhhaha call me and i'll tell you everything!
Damn moms on Toddlers and Tiaras are crazy.
well thsts mean
RT : VP Biden called after his former colleague's loss in the Indiana GOP primary.
is this another show you're gonna get me hooked on?
I thought Nashville had that date and another one came online recently trying to get 13th. Or maybe Dallas IS that next one..
A hearse just drove past us.
This article only goes to prove that unions cont' to give back concessions and still cont' to be attacked.
Haha, I did leave them out. That was on purpose.
RT : Hey #Bloomingdale #shaw #adamsmorgan! Want to start growing? This Sat 9-11 Seedling Swap !
Im already following you! Thank you!!;)
I want a puppy #heydaddy!
Finally going to bed
I'm kissing on you stomach feelin on your booty, I wanna have a party all ova yo body
Who the heck is George? hehehe..
Okay...I'm joining the first to 1Million followers competition...Everyone who has followed Ashton and CNN join me tomorrow and I will win :)
people are so slow.
The guy I like just called me his #FutureGirlfriend:)
Uhm. Jazz lost.
Your bike is awesome. I wanna see it in person. Sorry for tweeting. Seemed better than yelling at you through the wall again.
yess thank you so much! :)
If you got a Blackberry you know your ass is feening like a crackhead waiting for that instagram app
Circus Art Exhibit | Video
#NYXFACEAWARDS YAY THEY BOTH MADE IT!!! & im so happy!! :D
Yeah but your announcer should not be all over the ref, are you kidding me Dana White?
I have released 4 bets in #MLB 1 in #NHL get on the list
College Station its going to be a long day! Listen to some new music!
Yea where have you been?!
I suppose!
Still looking for anyone that is on an awards committee and is able to share some information about the awards process.
lulululuululululuululul bored much?
Clooney and Spielberg probably had other goals. But interesting question.
me too. The jinx got us all. If the 'Skins and the Sex Cannon win the NFC East...
lol right! But better than never :-)
When it rains it pours.
i need a slim silver suit.
Tip #190: It's more important to play what your semi-aggro opponent does not have versus what they do have.
Just got some AMAZING news :-)
Sunday supper, roasted leg of lamb, rice pilaf, braised escarole, spring salad. 14.95. Wine carafes, available. Enjoy
Oh no, giving away other people's money? He's gone DEMOCRAT on us!
Well, there is at least one #StanleyCup series going to game 7.
The muscle under my right eye keeps twitching. Is there something wrong with me?
hopefully I see a next day...
I agree 100%
New to linkedin thanks for everyone for welcoming me in..
Its Raining.... again
Happy Martin Luther King Jr Day everyone go have fun do stuff lol :)
their food is gross though not going to lie.
But if you really think you're coming off as unbiased, you're delusional. Perception is that you're very biased
I will be representing at today! Did I mention I'm a #beerpong champ?
Good morning #Bartab!! Hope everyone had a great weekend!! Time to get back to work and really earn those $1 drinks haha
That sad feeling you get when your done reading a really good book
Special day for the Timbers on the biz side. This long-term partnership w/ Providence is fantastic for the team, Providence and the city.
life is like legos. You have to break it apart when you want to build something cooler.
Albuquerque's Sci Fi Expo will be at the Convention Center, tickets go on sale SOON!!!
No but really, someone finish my flvs class for me :c
I couldn't even have a mixed baby. Lol
Are you really having someone else fight your fights? BITCH
Tag March for Babies on Facebook, and have 10 friends like your status and you could win a $25 gift certificate to Cool de Sac Restaurant !
Seriously give it up with the skeleton made of old McDonalds. Or portraits made of skittles. Basically never tweet about food.
My only question for and regarding their covers lately: HAVE YOU LOST YOUR DAMN MINDS!?
pulled in $155 million this weekend, best opening of new franchise. Sounds like the odds WERE ever in their favor!
RT : After 5 days of torrential rain, I can say with certainty that moving to Portland or Seattle is not an option for me. Roger!
We ask ourselves that question every single day. RT Seriously, who designs these?
In the three hours I slept I had a bad dream that I majorly screwed up at school and Heather yelled at me. Woke up with tears in my eyes.
yup :) can't wait lol
yes, wild wet and wonderful. WWW
on WBZ radio now - Gov Patrick speaking - talking how his administration has streamlined the organization and saved $100+ million
Let me love you...no seriously
hahaha yeah I was THAT guy.
Was wondering why I suddenly sucked at putting on mascara...got on eyelids every time. Stupid MAC stuff. Back to $2 Great Lash= fixed.
My Mouth Dry AsL
One word for white guy: Tebow.
I thought I wanted a long career, turns out I just wanted cash money.
I wish I had regular tv -___-
please don't lie basically to my face.....
I.HATE.AMERICAN.BEAUTY!!!!!!
“: Lions, second Broncos game, Chargers game and the Miami game, atleast.”buffalo game too. Don't forget that meltdn
omg, that is so sad. Beyond words. What can we do?? I wish that kind of cruelty would end forever.
sometimes you've just gotta know when to walk away
U and Lacey did a terrific job on Dancing with the Stars! Keep up the great work!
Tweet us your ideas for a CC shirt
i never knew that it was mandatory to stay after a final.
I am a little nervous about the House Republicans' version of VAWA since they're calling it the "Violence Against Bitches Act."
RT : Check out Google Web Fonts, Typekit, or Font Squirrel for additional font options
Sunday was perfect for an Appalachian Trail hike. Six miles round trip from Route 9 to David Lesser Cabin. Warm sun, great #Loudoun views.
When you look through the miiiiiiirroooor ;) !!
What's up twitter peeps
Whoops. I am not a manarchist, and.I forgot myself for a second. Fuck all that.
Listening to a Meltzer radio show from 2001 when WWF purchased WCW. Interesting stuff.
was it that noticeable? Couldn't see it close where I was...
I think at this rate, Twitter might have to be renamed "Twitter by Brian Croxall et. al"
Perez Hilton.
#RandomThought I am so tired of seeing guys pick on people who are weaker than they are. That shit makes me livid!!! Smh
This is not their [stds] fault - stems from bad parenting, bad teaching and media bombardment.
Well celtics lost by one adds on to my lividness attitude
Stumbled on your blog this evening. You convinced me to download the flux app. Great stuff.
Fox59 would love to do an interview with you tonight about the pitch to area high schools. Are you available? DM me if yes!
Yes, Church! It just might rain today!! Lol
I love how in You Da One says "Gold Coast" and after that he says "it's my home. I love it"
#WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan Try to be a player and end up playing the Guy who was actually trying to be wih them, flaws and all
You inspire me. #doveinspired with your gorgeous smile!
Sharing with Windows Live Messager, or linking Twitter to my account
are you saying Coldplay is a ripoff also???
YOU ALREADY ARE!!! <3 RT : Hey baby won't you look my way... I can be your new addiction!
It's hard to completely start trusting someone, when everytime you're trying to. They are starting to lie again
Looking for new iOS apps ... Have many of the more popular apps downloaded, what am I missing?
My bed always feels so much comfier after I turn the alarm off.
Listening Jack White's new album...sounds wayy better than the White Stripes..sorry guys
Hey Suthida! Glad to see you following my new music :)
How horrible man. Im sorry.
Agreed. It's sickening, and it's weakening our party's ability to effectively govern from a center-right position.
Its been awhile since I've posted! Looking forward to the Jingle Bell 5K this Saturday, hope its not too cold :)
Well I've had to work thru several issues regarding a photo on the cake. Today last step was giving them the pic. Copyright issues!
Happy Mother's Day! FREE yr of workouts @ www.TheGymPro.com - promo code "fit". Use it during the sign up process.
you're perfect.
all I want for my for my birthday is to see you, B! make that happen =)
Congratulations for your 3rd year on twitter.. ;-)
Feeling super blessed having the chance to hang with DM and watch HC skate the Combi Pool. #Moments that make life fun.
New products are in the works! Call us today for more info! 305-400-0860
meh. I don't like him lol
looking for a place to stay and shower haha!
Retail and puppy therapy.
Today's password "go rangers!"
Genius ": Knicks forward Amar'e Stoudemire cut his hand after punching hard surface in lockeroom, sources tell "
My twitter, my tweets. Don't like em? Unfollow me :)
Primum non nocere..."First, do no harm"...This is MindFirstFitness.
where do you go to school?
Where does your tribe live? What is your favorite food? Crocodile or mastodon? How many wives do you have?
revving up to produce another film
Stop being NASTY *Clapping hands*
& we laughed a whole lot today. Our very first friend date was on my bday. I will never forget <3
you are beautiful!
you didn't opt out and the Yankees gave you a new deal; best of both worlds :)
Morning Twitterverse! Have any questions for ? Ask away!
There's your methods section, writing itself!
Thanks a lot!
I am so in love with God sho knew what I needed when he made him! ....nothing can compare to the love we share!
LOVE you guys and thanks for your kind words! Let's keep helping people stay healthy and quit smoking and dipping!!! :)
CAN U FOLLOW ME PLZ TRYIN TO GET ALL OF MY SISTERS TO FOLLOW ME WILL BE THE BEST
Welcome to those of you on campus for Admitted Students' Day!
Why females keep a nigga from there baby but expect them to pay child support
I miss you terribly. I'm working so much. Things should calm down after the holidays and then we have to hangout!!!
yes and if they get too mad then get away fast
He gonna dunk #KevinHart!
Screaming deal on Norwegian Cruise Lines. Sailing this Sunday. Inside Cabin $499 pp -7 night Alaska cruise. If you're spontaneous, call us!
anyone using mac osx lion yet? any warnings/suggestions? I'm a little gun-shy about upgrading so soon
Get great deals on your vacation today to Miami Beach!
I really don't want this thing to end. What. A. Hockey game, folks.
I just completely ignore that phrase. If you want to know if I have a boyfriend just ask me LOL. You say that slick phrase I'mma say oh ok
lmao that was the best shit i heard all day
I have no green on today. So looking forward to the beatings.
I might be back on set soon!!!
Our magazine is actually only located in San Diego, but contact our publisher at
Merry Christmas!! I hope everyone has a wonderful day =)
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL AND SEXI I LOVE YOU SO MANY BEAUTIFUL THINGS!
I forget the girls name that sung " No One " she was awesome and so was Colton
Good Morning doe!
thanx for following;)
You know you've watched too much Harry Potter when you hear whispering and immediately think, "Sounds like Parseltongue."
funny...queer ": I forget.... is it better to be funny "strange" or funny "ha ha"?"
The #'s are Devastating: Fastest growing developmental disability = #Autism! Join us in the fight against
I hate this feeling ):
No! They've only installed a headache.
Hey, we have reached our goal!! We now have 100 fans of facebook! Thanks to everyone who became a fan, there will be a surprise very soon!
In this life I just need some love , only sumthyn true . Don't wanna be alone , don't wanna argue just wanna get along .
welcome!!! RT: Hi Twitter world!
This weekend >>>
sorry but...yeah
RT : Agreed! I love getting tested and love knowing that my partners are clean and free to explore. :)
apple charges you for an easy to use unix & linux is worth what you pay for it in terms of ease of use.
You could cut the ties with all the lies that you've been living in, and if you don't want to see me again I would understand
those dogs! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Scrambling yesterday and today to make our new Research Commons site look decent in #plone. Slideshow and jq map works great!
chief Ike's or some shit. Do you have a corner of a room I could curl up into as well b-rad?
Thanks! Preciate the love!
we CANT WAIT to see ya! (Bart Scott voice)
I'm Italian, too! Maybe your manager and I are related! And I'd protect you. Don't worry! What kind of discount? o.O
Click. Click. Click. :)
Watching Immortals. Previews made it look like 300...so far, not so much :( 20 minutes in, so here's hoping it gets better!
u look pretty in that pic
2 days til Hoptomic... I hope I can pull this off.
Our 2 bdrms are 695, but the use of space in our apts is pretty impressive, especially since the building was built in 1964
The bravo app shows 1 game going there and its 2/4 hold em with half kill.
#ERANYC is on fire: profitable and closing awesome distribution partners. Kudos to Avid, Scott, and Noemi
I love you :) haha what's up with you?!
if you go to my profile you can read past tweets. You can also go through the list of people I follow
I did it again yesterday lmao
Because of what we lost
same here... would still like to try one.
WET NIGHTCLUB presents LUCIANA Live at WET this SATURDAY tickets are going fast. 915-449-2066 reserve your bottle or VIP service now!
Now that i got my twitter back maybe ill use it more
Thanks for coming in while at BWI! What's for dinner, crab cakes?
What is the link for your fb page?
okay we're gonna get it done ASAP even before and haha
We have great Easter and Passover books in stock! And has chocolates and goodies!
GAME NT OVER YET
I also love how everyone on Thor's planet speak English and have British accents.
#Rockies' Alfonzo has 100-game drug ban dropped by
Happy heart day to u as well!
#ReasonsWeCantBeTogether...well let me think here...hm...well cause you're a HOE!
videotape librarian
Can someone explain why Wednesday is humpday? I'm too sleepy to google it.
Bernitt was green at the face during the first half. Baylor BBall is looking good this year.
Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique and not too much imagination. ~ Christopher Isherwood
Pshh, don't worry about me, it's not like I have feelings.
I Love Baseball so save me one of those seats.
I just sprayed mosquito repellent on a mosquito. Now he'll never have any friends.
Baby Bee was on fire at the Howlin' Wolf Den tonight!
u.u
Make sure that the decisions U make about your life R YOUR decisions...N times like that, U must learn 2 B selfish!
Looking for portland bands to potentially collaborate on a project that involves crazy fractals and depth-sensing technology. Suggestions?
Danny Manning is a Coach for Kansas? #Greensboro represent!
Well because I had a test in math today but I didn't study at all, but it was pretty easy:) Later, I'll probably just do HW:(
:) RT : Chocolate for breakfast makes me happy.
: is AT&T is having problem with iPhones & voicemail? I haven't gotten any of the VMs people have left me for over a week. Thanks!
About to hit these books and you know educational stuff... Lol
I'm truly the definition of a shopaholic
Wishing Mowgli a happy birthday but finding out that his birthday is actually on the 23rd < lol
you need to come to Nova Scotia, Canada with Harry,Louis,Liam and Zayn!!
get at me
Great website to check toys & other products 4 dangerous chemicals, arsenic, led, mercury etc. heathystuff.org
a nice muumuu that snaps or zips up front for hospital would be awesome.
when youre waiting for him to text you cause you want him to text first
At #bookfest I'm doing a panel with Paul Krassner & at 4:30pm... that gives everyone 10 minutes to check their head.
lucky duck
Glee so loving it. Good vocal renditions.
Welcome. now all you need is a studly picture instead of this egg
pair a white flowy skirt with a bold blue and white horizontal striped shirt with gold accessories for a classy nautical look.
RT : "Even a partial victory in self-mastery adds greatly to one’s power." - James Allen
thanks for the follow. I love Twitter and the ability it provides to meet people with similar interests.
me to
You got your rules and your religion, All designed to keep you safe, But when rules start getting broken, You start questioning your faith
Jansen SUCKS I have always said it
I'm just saying, my last name is NOT supposed to be "Mahone" on my profile....it's not spelt wrong haha. my last name is really Mahon!(:
Ive had a total of 7 hours of sleep the past two nights.
The greatest gift you can give your Mom on mothers day - let her know you appreciate what she did for you.
21 jump street is the phone
#UseTittiesInAShowTitle Foster's Home for Imaginary Titties.
On the other hand Inbound Marketing is marketing focused on getting found by constituents
She is absolutely disgusting in the way she looks and for even THINKING about putting that little girl in a tanning bed!!
they r good pace has really picked up its really good things happening
Just got off the phone wit oomf funny ass
David Stern on level of concern w Pacers attendance: it's being addressed by aggressive marketing, think you'll see continued uptick next yr
Well what's new?:D
yes! I haven't opened my computer in a few days. I've got errands today but will do it asap. I'll email details.
haha. Yeah, that seems to be working nicely for the Canucks! :/
Men are beyond weak
draw Brian!!
Has anyone heard the non remix version of Ignition? I'm starting to think it doesn't exsist...
Going home and taking my pants off. Best idea ever.
For more pictures of my trip to Dallas TX check out my Facebook page: Robyn Leigh Butler
oh cool, i didn't even know xD
not a chance... The #Packers are coming off a loss, and going against a new QB. Bears get crushed. 34-14.
ya better keep yuh mouth shut
Attitudes are more important than facts. -Karl A. Menninger
Wow I guess I went to 300 miles in the last day..... wow
Officially planting my life flag...i am nate ruffin!!!
#Occupy Boston raided on Human Rights Day. #Spirituality test is torn down.
Thirds music from freshman year on the radio during my host mamá's 60 something birthday fiesta
some run keeper?
Tell those cool #TEDsters to say hello on Twitter. Big fan here. I think I've personally watched over 300
I still think they're ok but damn, like they just said time is running out here
That's true. It's a little chilly from what I can tell, but still...
>> Hello from the USA... I follow you with Pleasure.. ;) <<
Thanks - hi to you as well!
no info on how to enter the contest? I'll reply with a guess of 59. Hope it's #betterthanmost!
A jury consists of twelve people who determine which client has the better lawyer - Robert Frost
UH UN
And we'll never ever ever ever ever leave each other
At the house whats good RT : what's gud
I made it too easy for you
Music Lovers!!! Salena Gomez is performing live in West Hollywood next month. Its time you get your tickets now by calling us: 888-493-0004
What #bigchange would you expect if Big Show were your governor?
Hello everyone!
I need info on Ronnie Hillman. Looks really fast, really small. Good articles anywhere?
I'm gonna win
Quickly realizing that next semester is going to be more work than this one.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If you are separated but not divorced yet, your income is still community property so it's not all yours.
I Hope The Information I Just Got ain't true!:'(
I'm sleepy. #bedtime <U+E13C>
Wow ! Jolene is one of my fav songs of all time - loved your version! full of emotion.
#ProdMgmt friends > Any ideas 4 good reads & sources on Product Management for Mobile Solutions?
Ed Sheeran. Triple platinum album. Best male solo artist Brit winner. I love you.
THIS SUNDAY AT HANGAR 84 TICKETS ARE 12 BUCKS
In the studio with Kilo Ali, working on his comeback, just wait- its banging
ready for something new.
The Bears knew about Brandon Marshall punching a woman and still traded for him? Is Chris Brown the Bears owner?
"help i have fallen , and cannot get up"
I'd try to be responsible if won the lottery, Tax attny first, endow , ,and family. Buy Red Key?
Did your kids destroy the house this summer? Now that there out of your hair let us fix it up with a new paint job! Free estimates
Welcome future Hoyas! Come out to Healy steps at 5 TONIGHT to hear us perform with , , and !
#WorldMusic #Beatles #NaNaNaNaNaNaYouSayit'sYourBirthday well happy birthday to you ;-)
HEY can you send a link ===> see the business section of the today featuring Chef Miguel Valdez
On #WNST1570 & #WNST.net: #Orioles Chris Davis needs a triple for the cycle vs. #Yankees tonight.
Kicking off 50 cent beer Power Hour 8-9pm $2 Corona's 9-11pm, top 40 DJ's and No Cover. Amazing Nights at Bisla's!
THANKS to our RT Rock Stars!!!
It's Karl Strauss Keep the Mug Night at Tilted Kilt!
; what the fuck is you laughin' bout back there?! :D
Read to watch do work at the Presidents Cup!!
preds are finding out what happened to tthe Hawks. Theyr throwing everything @ Smith
what kind of stuff do you play? where should I send it?
no problem! Thanks for tweeting. Let me know if you have any suggestions for improvements!
Hey all followers; sorry for the barrage of Target tweets. Feel free to ignore me for the next little while :)
Hill and #gospursgo bounce back from lackluster performance against Memphis to win in Cleveland for win #50- they are first to win 50.
True #SUCCESS and Happiness can not be obtained on credit! It must "Paid in FULL" before you receive it!
RT : German TV reporter asks Romney why he hates Europe. "I love Europe, I love Europe, it's a great place to visit," he said.
Think that's because they know Obama approves of his politics, should he lose? Romney = Obama 2.0
~^^ yeah.... but her lil box that regulates her heart , it's battery is at 35% so she will have to hav a heart operation soon
he's home. Enjoying pizza and pupperonis.
We'll share Nexus news once we have confirmed details.
Absolutely love discovering new talented artists. Probably one of my favorite things about this business!
I was about to say the same about your last tweet regarding it, so we're on the same page, just different books. :)
Thanks so much will do! =)
At work, but mind is still in the world of Conrad Richter's high New Mexico plains in The Sea of Grass.
I would love to get access to your mapping interface for my winter class, if it's available. Maybe collaborate? Let's chat.
I do I'm excited
I love you <U+2665> Can't wait to see it !!
REVISION: The #OpeningDay planning has begun. #MAMAMONROE all thanks to the one and only #MAMAFREAKINGMONROE!!! XOXO
Mann Js Thinkinq Bout the Future ! My F U T U R E ! <U+2665> Im Finna Brinq the Heat boy Im tellinq Youu ....
so sick of seeing them with that losing record.
you and me both! Chunky by
I really want to delete that tweet about Jose Canseco in case he dies or something. I don't want his blood on my hands. But WHATEVER. Asjkf
leaving the house ten minutes later than I should = playing a risky game with traffic.
same here
Likewise. Or sneezing.
We need your help! This is for China Spring Elementary to win a playground. What we need you to do is text "Clorox 5704" to 44144
alcohol is the answer.
Sometimes, all a girl wants is for you to fight for her. Make her believe that you may want this relationship more than she does.
I cant wait to see again next month. I'm so excited. It's been way too long since I've seen him. ALMOST A YEAR. Lmfao.
We are proud to have funded BTW's Girls Basketball Team Educational/Cultural Experience for over 5 years! YEAH GRANTEE PARTNERS!!!
We like the fact OSU lost this time in the Superdome! eh all my Hog brethern? Karma Rock Chalk!!
Damn, now that I analyze it... I went too hard this Month, went from one simple thing to 3 hardcore ones. Need to slow my roll... LMAO
i will take it all as a good sign! :-)
#yobitv Thanks to everyone for tuning in to YOBI Live tonight. See you next week, same time same place!
Midterm grades are due today
I gotta dig bick. You that read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong also. And said "moment" after awkward. This is awkward....
Let's do it. MGMT/Tenacious D
We would love to have you in the bluegrass state!
": When sings about mini corn dogs > lmao"
2/22 at 11- perfect! Swing by your place or meet somewhere in Hampen? i look forward to catching up!
I just read in the faq it stores my data locally. Looks like what I want. Giving it a try! Thanks!
Where in the world is Neil cooperman
Wish I had a bro or sis to call n talk too sucks to b an only child at tymes
tell your mom a happy mother's day from me she is lucky to have you as a son and same with justin and spencer
listening to mixtape download for free!
don't think so. getting a hold of the message is important... I get that. But this seems so ick to me...
Yea she here fam
to think I looked up to you -.-
it was on ABC family but it's over now ha
LOL It's definitely still morning! :-)
Mermaids Dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold check it out at NaLee2010.com
precisely. I'm going to coin a corollary to Godwins law: all complex problems can be reduced to an XKCD comic.
I know! This is why people don't watch tv & wait for DVD. You're afraid to take a risk on watching something that may leave 1/2
I have exact same thing but Murray losing in sweet 16
I'm not naive. I know exceptions are made for athletes. But those ears administrative decisions, unrelated 2 reading instruction
- to hurt us.
Haha so happy
are you tweeting at the altar????
": #bestsub great history class" Glad to be of service, Mr. Tebow, Jr.
QB Vince Young is now a Buffalo Bill
yo, you got a vein that pop out the side of yo face when you rappin'
Check out Brad LIVE on Fox 23 tomorrow at 11AM!
he looked great for the Reds a couple years back, then lost it. I guess he found it again!
#mondays SUCK ASS!
Lol Dallas has changed my cousin . California is all out of her system .
Trying to figure out the difference between Google Docs and Google Drive - it's just more like Dropbox now, right?
Professional Style Cotton Hat ? Adjustable Baseball Cap
Mixtape just reached 15,000 views. Thanx for listening to Ballin Out Of Bounds on datpiff! Thanks for being a fan of my first official tape
I hope I won't be seeing more digs and cracks on Jeremy Lin due to his ethnicity. #linsanity Some tweets sure do reflect bigotry!
thank you :) how was ur test today?
The B3B will be shooting the first episode of "On Tap" today starting at 6:00PM. Let us know if you want to attend the taping.
Random thoughts: Can I not pay my taxes and have the IRS overlook it...like some high-ranking political figures?
I love makeup because it enhances my beauty!! RT if you agree
Thanks, this helps. I am a first time author trying to figure out promotion. Sounds like I should just forget about it.
#GoTribe extra ticket to the tribe game front row 1st base line. who's tryna roll?
If all goes well, I may have a new cat friend for Eleanor by the end of the month!
If you find yourself walking alone, it is likely because you did not stop to help others get back up when they stumbled and fell.......
Thank you Dawn! :-)
if we evolved from monkeys Then why are their still monkeys?!.
wherefore art thou, ?
haha your welcome:) nd iam Devin;) you should dm me sometime if you wanna talk or something:P
just reached 12,000 tweets not too bad....
Nice avi. Looking great! ...miss you. Need a 3 am convo or a text...
Pres. Obama's speech to USCGA grads last May was warm and funny
Of the all the people you meet everyday, it only takes 1 to brighten your way! So tell a person in the morning, GOOD MORNING and mean it!
Its funny how ppl change when they get money,lol bitch its a income tax check,not like u hit the powerball
Just made a fabulous dinner!!!
Sinek @ #kidscreen - telling what you do makes rational connection; telling them why makes emotional connection; often hard to put to words
sorry TJ, but Don Lemon is nicer & better looking.
Said this to and "If it wasn't for the Director, you would have nothing to shoot or produce"!!
": lmaooooooooo you comin to get me fool"hell no you better get a ride with BJ
9/23/09 ASTDRMC Developing Assessments with Mike Bridwell Show your boss or client that training will increase productivity & effectiveness!
(Werner Heisenberg) An expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his subject, and how to avoid them.
ha. been there. not done that.
3/23/1789->G.S. Washington:Your judgement with advice of your real friends can point out the manner you may best spend moments of relaxation
Thank me for the run! Changed seats, attitudes! Run baby run!
Do you use QR codes? Which code generator do you use? Thank you
Thru mid-March, local artists will exhibit orig interpretations of classic novel book cover art at the Green Valley Library. Don't miss it!
nah, he's been up since 5 this morning. he deserves some sleep.lol.
For those of you like myself who haven't played Air-Guitar since the 90's.. DO IT! :)
time just goes fast.
Landmark Society exec director on 13 Cataract: "The process played out. We respect that process, & we respect the decision."
THAT PIG....!! SAY THE WORD AUNTY....AND I'LL BITE HIS CHUBBY TOOKHASS....!!
The band is swimming on our day off!
different thing; same stress level activity measuring tool.
indeedily doodily! come get some grub yo :D RT Are you open regular hours today?
go 2 youtube JULOX featuring YOUNG BLEED "PLATNUM WRAP"
#confession I'm in love with myself.
Hey, girl! Miss you too. May's almost here, and that means it's 500 time!
Makes me want to send 3AM text-all: Weather all clear!
Church was great (: #GrowingCloser <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Who are u hearing the rams are getting
give me a sign.
Class canceled...Time to start working on this paper.
Happy birthday.
punnett Tweet me, so I can follow you!
#orangewednesday is starting to take hold. A coworker was disappointed I didn't have orange on. Buying an orange cardi
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Titties"
Cutch's bomb gives the Bucs a 4-2 lead entering the 9th. Hammer Time!
true. Thankfully it's short and the plane came in broken. American Eagle reminds me of cut rate Euro lines
I'm attending Mets games at all three locations. This trip could shape the course of the season.
#resume #tips When you add a new skill on your LinkedIn page, why not put that on your resume somehow? That would be a good resume idea.
gonna watch some movies with my bestfriend . ; text itt darlin's :D
Why is it that Obama supporters havent awkaned to reality that Obama is a pawn and the game is destroy USA? (so is Mitt)
Just let me muthafucking love you.
k thanks boo!
What are you doing today!
Peace can not be compromised
AMC is getting into reality TV. This is the beginning of the end.
aight, im gonna text you...
so sorry I'm missing this! Fuck! Are you guys doing anymore LA shows?
Sorry about that -- dealing with this mess all night. Such a pain!!! I will alert the Twitter people! :)
WELL SORRY I AM NOT KISSING A GIRL LOL HAHA !!
#ThingsICantLiveWithout my iPhone.
aw, sorry!! I had a headache already, and didn't feel like drinking all night! We can go in 7 months! ;)
Yeah, I'm on Long Island. Are you in the city?
Three things that I need more of in my life: 1. Coconut, 2. Avocado, and 3. Cilantro. What are yours?
Sitting through this class is like pulling teeth...
I'm good thx.
What does a Model turn Photographer do when she convinced she is done modeling?GET BAD ASS TAT Yep full tat down entire side of my body woho
And im not even sleepy.... but im hungry
A brilliant light in our world has dimmed RT/ Wangari Maathai: Death of a visionary bbc.in/opect2
We were all pleasantly surprised at the #CNET #CES Best of Show award. It’s exciting to hear about interest!
u didn't go for whole weekend?
Be your beautiful self : ) "You were born an original. Don't die a copy." - John Mason
Looking forward to hearing Gloria Steinem tonight w/ my 13 y.o. daughter.
Okay, so #Community returns. But goes up against #BBT. Then #ParksandRec is on hiatus for a month. NBC, you are LITERALLY killing me.
just chillin. I freaking miss you.
comiendo cereal ha
Adam Lambert's new album is so gay and beautiful. I can't wait to buy a physical copy tomorrow.
Bad blood never dies. Some sins aren't meant to be forgiven or forgotten.
Whip Lounge on Mill Tonight gonna be epic! No Cover Free Shot with every Drink,DJ MYTH Get there early gonna be packed Tonight!Lots of Bdays
This nigga wanna wear the same jeans as me
“God brings forth certain Manifestations…in order that they may be intermediaries between humanity and Himself.” ‘Abdu’l-Bahá
I agreed with Chris Broussard here...
I have officially paid my car off, keep on comin hardwork payoffs I'm ready
Ugh, I don't wanna go back outside. Fuck the sun, I'm a rebel.
I just ate my fortune cookie with the fortune inside. Think I need to sleep.
im going to make a donation to Planned Parenthood in your honor! youre welcome!
Awesome! Congratulations!
Wait did Madison leave the ICONic Boyz? I seen it on a page but I wasn't sure! ~Ashley
Thanks girls! Can't wait to see you all again soon! xo
FoLlOw Me
Super pumped for the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen's Club meeting tomorrow!
hehe ok. I'm more into basketball..it's more fun to watch :)
Bharat Electronics Limited (BEL)-Probationary Engineers and ...
Me too. Your idea is awesome. I can't wait to see it come to life.
She Said my man got TWO jobs *in her Rochelle Voice*
I think u meant "due" but the commentator was saying that teens are so "label driven" they don't know how to be an individual.
After my sixth cup of coffee, I feel like Mario after he gets one of those bouncing, flashing stars
well just don't be killing nobdy lol :)
Are you well versed in jp2k, because if so I have questions.
Happy Chanukah to all our friends celebrating tonight! :)
Cool! Thanks so much, really glad you like it! :)
Just got my phone back! yay! vegas tmrw!! imma get out early out of school ^-^
are u complaining???? Lol
Agreed! FF is the slowest.
she was obviously drunk
Packing...heading to Florida in the morning for a few days. Work + Pleasure, just like always.
Strategic planning saves you time and money.. yes, you need it!
Where all is but dream, reasoning and arguments are of no use, truth and knowledge nothing. John Locke
The best investment one can make for the future is in the education of children - RLB
Thanks to all of yesterday's iSeminar participants! If you have questions about help desk or CampusCoud, please email
Yes, time is relative. My fave kid comment: "You're a writer?" Me: "Yes." He: "Wow! (pause) You must have held a lot of pencils."
who thought California could get any further from Tennessee? Australia is calling your name!
not super lame. Super not tired.
...and she blushed.
Glad to know im easy to forget
cochino! Well it is ur natural self.
and where do u want 2 b?
#Parenthood gets everything right abt parenthood.
Panel Three - what is the future of humans in space? Let us know what you think!
I did some research and came to find out that its a big scam....So please do not join them or try to vote for me/anyone.
Protip: Ladies, your low riding skinny jeans show me as much crack as my plumber does.
Thats game baby! NY Giants all damn day!
RT : Heading to Texas A&M facilities. Looking forward to Tannehill workout. Special skill set, still improving.
RT -- "#ThinkLikeAMan is the #1 MOVIE for the 2nd week in a row twitches, it's at 61million now WOW!!!!"
June 3 I have a bartending comp where I have to beat Ruffin! 9-2 1/2 off all tabs! Bring everyone! Ps did u Facebook delete me
Flowerbomb, Flower Bomb, or Flour Bomb?
I'm tryna unfollow ppl n my iPod won't lemme smh p.s. u don't like lite skin niggaz unfollow me cause if Im unfollowin y'all
Nothing, chilling like always
yes!!! She lands at 2:15 on Friday !
lol true. Also m rumchata. This stuff is delicious (and therefore dangerous) lol
and then hits a guy.
Damn can I get a little time to just fall asleep... lol he forgot again Smh its straight though
Your the root of this problem... Except it
Up up up up
please follow me i adore you <3 :)
Mixx on Brighton Ave = easily the best froyo in the state
TY for the re-tweet (of me twitting your article)! I couldn't have written the article for the reasons for running better. =)
Sometimes I think I have too much patience. I never know when to give up...
The flyer flies are back ^.^
I learned something really important today. Thanks to you both.
lol-you are too kind! Try Birthday #47!
I use to beat myself up about why I couldn't get an agent. I'm talented. Then I get a meeting and he's said... you need more projects.
heck yea it would!!
Bar Fly rocked at Dales last night! We are back at Dales tonight, playing 9pm-1am!!!
Who out there would like to see "Tax Freedom" day be January 1st of every year?
Hearing From That "Long Time No See" Friend>>>
cool! It sure is! :)
If that was to happen, you'd probably win. What's going down? Email with more details.
Haha, doesn't apply here at least, promise.
Just got 2 suits for super cheap at The Limited.
Headin to the Foodie Fest with time to get our #fatkid on!
Check out the Metal Ballerina's new website! www.themetalballerina.com
you did the right thing trying to protect Jr! #TrueLove you can really tell what that man means to you.
Home Depot should change it's name to House Wife Depot.
looks like zucchini walnut
say hi to our new followers , , &
I'm on my way to the Meeting Place to
Heading to CloudCamp soon. your suggestions are duly noted :)
RIP titters <U+E40F><U+E04E><U+E412> i could so see ur mom right now if she found out u did xWx
Philly made by default tho..cmon now.
Thursday nights are like a once-great, but now, loveless marriage. Please retire `em all.
What an awesome day on set!!! So fun, efficient and professional! SAGe here we come! :-)
Girl crying in the bathroom on a club on NYE. My night is complete!!
probably $.04... just a guess.
all i know is im 190$ richer tonight !
good point I'll have some info in a bit.
The way can simply just scratch my butt & my back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> >
the chairs and the tables in the cafeteria and upstairs we put ms fanellis classroom in the hallway and we took out all the
GET ON YOUR FEET.
7 games? Why isn't in fucking jail? If Joe Public threw a bow into someone's head on the street, he'd be arrested.
We don't sell home decore. Our product is a shopping experience its unique, and community oriented.
totally fine...in fact mine is: to not have one!!! and just enjoy the ride...
email or call us to place an order
just went crazy and followed all the real housewives i could from
I thought SOPA was what excited Italians use to wash themselves.
RT : The only power Satan has is the power you give him. Don't let him rob you of the destiny God has for you.
Adele at #Grammys "You had my heart inside your hand And you played it to the beat" girl you are the bees knees!
No tonight?...no problem...like last game no sweat in new jersey..heat nation boy
Why do I shop at #walmart? Are the cheap prices really worth the vague morality and the long lines?
I'm gettin married ben franklin is my best man. lol
“: Mr. Jones: "how good is that tweet anyway, 'still in class...still working'" LOL , , and Israel.” LMAO
..u touched my life yeah 1 day we'll look back we'll smile &we'll laugh But right now we just cry Cause it's so hard to say goodbye..
Hey ATX, know any local tech writers that want to cover a DevOps conference in town next week? Shoot me a message.
If you are upside down, how can we help to get you right side up?
"The. Big. Nasty."
sorry twin :/
#YouWereCuteUntil , you started showing who you really were..
Yeah! All aboard the Friday afternoon bug fix emotional closure train!
Again with the close layups being missed! Hopefully Bill is screaming on the sideline.
Follow Me Back?.
I start my new job on monday, how will it all turn out?
Good luck!
Austin doesn't ever do concerts in LA so I'm really glad he is! IM NOT MISSING IT! EVEN IF I WAS SICK ID STILL GO!!
NIGGAS BITCHESS GETS ON MY DAM NERVES
how low is too low for mobile? We top out at 4% but it's trending up.
Laughing so hard you start crying <U+E412>
What #soccer coaches say vs. what soccer players hear: WE NEED TO BE MORE CONSISTENT. = You all suck.
Seriously??? *let me go over to YouTube*
RT safe flight mama! I'm cleaning my room right now just for you ha! You're the best mama! See you soon!!
ESPN graphic says Tom Izzo has won two NCAA championships. Well, that's news to me.
I'll be up there to visit when the sculpture is up! ;)
heading home, just got done with my sermon
Great co! RT : A1: I will be interning this summer as a social media intern!
What's more fun than competing in the annual staff baking competition? Returning as a guest judge!
what a good idea - fittingly LA!
I would have stayed up longer with you but I was just so tired lol
I already have the winning ticket. Sorry love
It's easy to go from the simple life to the fast track, but almost impossible to go back the other way.
I love one direction!!!
SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT HBN – pls retweet our updates – exciting/wonderful things are happening & we want 2 share w/ EVERY1 – God Bless You
If you have $176M, you can buy yourself the winning #megamillion ticket
If you are as tall as I am, you should not be trick or treating!
Isn't that the job description ?
Know that emptiness is an illusion. No matter how much you have suffered, your soul sees you as whole.
Serie was just asked to be in a commercial with a speaking line. They tape it Fri. after school.
All emails have been sent! Make sure to check your inbox for today's awesome deals!
#NowWatching and Ferris State in the #FrozenFour semifinals. Close, competitive game. I love college hockey! Go #ECAC!
Love is the ability & willingness to allow those that u care 4 2b what they choose 4 themselves without any insistence that they satisfy u
they can't even do that, Luck ain't there lol maybe they can play on Larry Bird's farm?
awkward lunch with administrators tomorrow. Have to talk and eat in front of grown-ups.
that's not funny
You're very welcome and glad you did. :)
I didn't know #weatherfordwednesday was a thing. It may be better than humpday!
Sadly I won't be able to make the World Domination Summit as Planned. Who needs a ticket? Message me!
What a fun concept for an article! I now feel prepared for any and all last-minute WH invites
Thanks for the mention, Grace! Hope you enjoyed the movie!
I hope you're having a good week(:
thank-you for the follow.
Poor Getz. What a lesson in humiliation.
um girl text me. Lol and why would you be thinking that. Lol ;)
Sure! I have to check in with family about plans but will let you know. Is there a time that is better?
Yuck. Can we bring out Skip Hicks for the 2nd half?
Crying as I look through Terry Richardson’s tumblr.
2011 is when I became what I wanted to be when I grew up. Well, technically I wanted to be a storybook CHARACTER, but potatoes potatos.
Mind Eraser. What's your favorite NOT in denver?
Tomorrow after the play >>> today
you better
adair is the first girl to hurt me physically
Thanks to those who stopped by Dougherty's Pub last night for our Pre-St. Patty's Day happy hour. Have a pic to share? Send it our way!
'Cause they're so dumb. I'm gonna be mad if I went & they don't even hire a student.
Now playing Roy Ayers "Love from the Sun"
that would be awful!
Oh my God someone deliver me Pinkberry.
Thanks for all of the #FF yesterday. A late back at you
Your name does add value. I will now begin to mention your name in every tweet - regardless of the context. ;-)
Thinking is annoying!
#TheBigBangTheory, you don't like it? That's fine (: but i do.
Sugar & coffee products from Africa that could increase Italy’s productive energy; Italian PR to connect patriotism to banana eating.
Holy shitballz, the badge pickup line at #SXSW is like 10 MILES LONG
where's all this hate coming from?
Whew... Never had a convo and it was the wrong person... only during an IM.... LOL now that sucks!
Sick as a dog with an important job interview tomorrow. Theraflu please help me now!
Excited for the Baltimore Running Festival tomorrow!
itss not working im on sum kind of follow limit.
Sharks in double OT!
that made me LOL!!
I think he may have also used it for a recent Creole-style Catfish special he ran, but I'm not 100% sure. Will have to check!
Shopping day today.
Looking forward to playing guitar with Mike Bram tonight in Greenwich, CT at the Beach House Cafe.
but I wonder why fellow players would vote based on popularity?
;) Now I definitely gotta try a Cali gal
#oomf Get Her Ass In EVERYBODY'S Relationship .
Anderson it is a prank... and the lawyers are making it more than it is.
thanks for the #FF :)
is a meanie!!!
RT : About to get tequila drunk with and #winning #tigerblood<---yessiirrr
Why do ppl still support Chris Brown shii?? We act like some stuff never happened smh.
Now I know why every1 was saying,u hammerhead 2,4,that&that added,like jordan for 2,
nothing watching a movie with my cousin (;
Joe Pantoliano: Addict, alcoholic, 'maniac!' - Metromix New York
karissaTHESINGa if you liked the ema's
I Love Watching Dr.Phil
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car.
& thanks 4the LUV! & will be Taking over THIS Wed 11/23 for One Night ONLY!
#happyfriday celebrate the #weekend by getting at great #deal at www.dealshow.com starting at 6pm tonight!
Catch-22 SOLVED: I'm not too crazy to apply for SSI, but I still got it because I'm crazy. And that's Catch-23.
damn. It's done. No Curly W tonight. But at least they had to earn it.
M thanks giving break swag ha so exited
Gorgeous Saturday!
“: Service update: No weather-related reroutes at this time.” My #146 just skipped LSD and is now on Sheridan
I can't believe how many opportunities God has been giving me this year to play music; music with great musicians!
#spreadthepeace all day Baby!!
#Justin Drew Bieber Rocks Lol *Peaches Babiie*
Just finished listening to kiss and tell by JB i wish he would kiss me i would so NOT tell lol ;P
one of those days that feels like anything is possible.
RT Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.~Martin Luther King Jr.
If Romney goes around this week bragging about "winning" Iowa, he will look foolish and hurt himself in NH.
i can understand that. i bet you hated me that one day when i retweeted like 25 of them haha
yeahh Austin&Alex answer Us! Whyy are y'all so sexyy.?!?! Lolol
yessir!!! u still there?
watching dwele perform and he's got the whole audience singing.
Follow He's the best A&R in the game and Co-owner of Worldstarhiphop!
Today from 2-5 pm, the opening of "Il Circo" ("The Circus") created by Staten Island artist Larry DiSalvo.
Don't judge people and call them things they're not.
[<U+266B>SONG OF THE DAY<U+266B>] "Rock Me In" - Britney Spears
My research on 60s style hairdos has left me with no ideas but a strong urge to wear liquid liner
Son im childish kmsl
He has got to use it before he looses it!
If anything is used to its full potential, it will break.
I'm Pretty bummed I cant get an autograph from today cuz Im goin to the SSH Luncheon at Noon
I wish there was a recess in high school. I really do.
Wow what a night! Thank you so much to everyone who came out to our concert tonight. We are overwhelmed and humbled by your support.
March has officially become my favorite month! Can't wait till nxt wknd! Ohh & the wknd after that!
i love you
Whoever think they words affect me is too stupid...and if you can do it better than me then you do it
Biology, Chemistry and Physics sucks!!!
Thanks again for coming out last night! Great putting a face that isn't Eyenga's to you.
CHIKERIA is coming back in 2012! GET READY!
Is Sweet Home Chicago just Sweet Home Alabama without the potshots at Neil Young? Only one way to find out!
hey, it has been a while. How's the world treating a sistah these days
Access Hollywood - Celebrity News, Photos &amp; Videos - Access Hollywood
got to keep on walking, on the road to zion man
holy hell i am jamming to beyonce on a whole other level right now
- how old r u? would like to use some of ur tweets to teach american teens what is going on in syria, on our news website
sucks to be them": Knew it :) RT : Answer: Janikowski & Lechler - they are among just 6 players selected in 2000
Wonderful day: brunch at a diner, picnic at a park, some quality thrifting. I love fun summer Saturdays!
Watching "The House of the Devil" while there's a flute performance in the next room. Sniff sniff flute flute AH!!!!
Yeah, I can only imagine
#unpopularopinion i dont see the big obsession with BTIKM.. not overly impressed with it tbh
Lsu lost to Virginia n 1981 in 3rd place game
Braun haters out in full force.
oh wow really?? Which one did u buy then??
RT : Great news! Ryan Braun just stated he would match donation of $500 to the family of Officer Vrtochnick!
Hope so!
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Factory party last nite. You rulez.
You can just walk away and say that you're tired of my bullshit.. As I tell you I love you. That's cool too...
Alternatives for nontraditional student: Neotrad, Adult Learners, New Normal, Modern & 21st Cent Students, Contemporary Student. Others?
Amen! RT : "We hold these truths 2 be self-evident that all men are created equal" Jefferson wrote it & Obama upholding it
When it rains, it pours.....
I'm not listening for entertainment purposes.
if you go during the fall you'll not want to come back, it's beautiful in upstate! And it's right on a lake. Definitely visit!
ALAN big day!!!
Class & brains is sexy, swagg & game is not.
Everybody got that one friend you secretly wanna have sex wit
RT i planned on going to school more than once this week but red days just aren't calling my name anymore.
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: When using #Twitter be sure to update your audience fairly regularly, but don't over load them.
Did drinks at Zengo tonight, my Mac is home! Yeah
Happy 4/20 My fellow #Stoners!!!! This is OUR day;-) ;-) ;-) Getting off early today...and u know this man!!!!!
RT : we're #listeningto one of Chicago's greats - Roscoe Mitchell. Featuring his music next wk on show
School of life observation #1- everyone needs to take a class in self monitoring. Seriously, pay attention to non verbal cues.
At a talk at the planetarium. Apparently he has an asteroid named after him. Don't let hear about that one
Every time Nick Young smiles I know he's thinking "I used to play for the Wizards...this is great!"
My students are learning about infographics by making them on the topic of rising tuition & fees. It's a real education for them.
I dont even know what to think right now
Back at ya & thx!
You got to love that there was no kissing in this fight. Pacquaio vs Mayweather ASAP please
Can anyone get me on the floor of the ACI conference?
US over spending in the past in credit cards and loans. Then US stop spending & paying back. No spending ecomony slows done.
Does that mean i can go back to bed? RT : RT : It's 4/04. Today not found.
you should be following me....are you forgetting all of our appearances together?
Definitely do not miss driving in morning rush hour.
Isn't that the longest game of golf ever? I was snoozing in that part, too. The cards were much more exciting
thanks for the RT! happy Friday!
it's not all selenators. Lovatics do it too. It's never all of anyone though.
have fun!
our prayers are with the Novaks
Any one else feel great ??
I saw that, .. I tried to get bin.pl for usr.bin.pl a while back .. but no dice
A bird of paradise is what I long to be...Friday is opening night! 8pm Experimental Theatre 619 594-6884
Thanks for letting us know how you spent
Good call. Thanks! Fortunately wasn't me complaining about something.
#Humpday shout outs to all my followers and those I follow. Stay focused only two more work days.
I'm a born & bred Midwesterner and fairly new to UX. I can't think of a better first professional conference to attend!
OH MY GOD. I'm just sayin' blow shit up. I enjoy doing that.
How can I concentrate in class when this female instructor is rocking a major stash
I wonder if anyone thinks of me before going to bed .
Well my cacti made it through the whole year #surprised, maybe I should be a botanist
Ever heard the Top Gun Anthem? Guitarist is Steve Stevens. His parent and the Phillips would get along
Just finished up ma video 2 Be With a Star with n its been a long day
The writing on the Chulk board says two scoreless innings. Vinnings? (hey, it's late and I've used by best Chulk pun last inning) #
aww ;) hopefully u meet someone
Remedies for Slow Personal Computers (PCs) - New Era
Thanks for your RTs and mentions this week:
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
I like a MAN with a future and a past
I'm hungry
Hope you feel better soon, we'll miss you :)
GREAT SEEING YOU
Brave new world indeed
the "beds & breakfast" garden workshop at greater newark conservancy was full of knowledge
Awesome Thanks! :-)
pretty slow lol.. Im at work just waiting to get out..
Oh Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeiit! Rome, what up with you?!
You and us both!
#FF He's a fucking hottie ... go check out :)
Hey Where have you been?
This completed my day.
Thank you for sharing!
feeling glad that I am running 5 miles tommorrow since I just ate 5 wings,a handful of fries and a couple beers...its all good
Late signing period start today. Don't expect Sheldon Jeter's decision this wk. #Badgers in his Top 3; Bo makes in-home visit Sunday.
the ever-watching eye of Elmo
the juniper bends as if it were listening: Weekly Recommendation ...
Holiday Cheer for FUV concert report: played fast acoustic, funny anecdotes, & Galahad never better - just watched MP&Holy Grail
it says that summer camp is the future!!
Thanks for the RT :)
Darn interweb--every time I log on to Facebook I end up doing something other than what I meant to do....
the nfc south is STILL all tied up!
As a huge fan of MMA I am amazed at the skill, grace and strength of Ice Skaters.
This guy's hand barely fits around his phone. Can you call from an iPad?
Thanks for the follow! Have a great weekend.
' 'Bout damn time! Seriously, what am I paying you people for anyway?!? Huh? What? Nevermind...
way to go Gomez...what the shit was that
It's Thursday which means tomorrow is Friday! Anyone doing any Christmas shopping this weekend?
By bringing more awareness into the action, we end up bringing more intelligence into the action... #Yoga for health
I really hope I get my voice back tomorrow! Sorry to all my friends who had to deal with it!
Why do these clowns need makeup artists and hair stylists in Africa?!? And heels on a safari, how dumb!
So can sum tell me wats a great valentines present or gift 4 a special person
Players were tired of playing wit Coach Mike so they came over. U know nobody likes playing for that guy.
I hope Adam does full band song tomorrow and not acoustical. I like the full band sound much better!
damn right!!
Positive Tomorrows volunteer orientation's today at noon and 5:30! We're excited to have new volunteers to help our kids this school year!
guys, he hasn't said it yet, but he's using the past tense
All true artists, whether they know it or not, create from a place of no-mind, from inner stillness. ~Eckhart Tolle~
I got my hair cut sorry, next time though!!!!
please notice me!!! please 7
Is it pronounced porsche or porscha?
Would you check into a hotel, but not stay there, just to take advantage of a points promotion? [Y / N] (RT please. Thanks!)
How to Pop a Balloon in 300 Easy Steps [VIDEO]
I'm returning my industrial. The pink is starting to chip off and it's irritating my ear.
Opinions on the whole Niall & Ali situation? #idlovetohearthem! -G :)
"This Mother is Going Down." Dr Shirley Weber, fmr SDUSD Bd member @ last nights NAACP forum, on City Schools "like the Titanic" she said
Powers out *thunder* where the hell are the matches and lighters when we need them!!!
Awesome beach front #run with and Frankie.
I miss how ghostly the highways of jax beaches looked after 2am...
yes sir
Thanks—I’ll pass this on to Steve (he’s going crazy getting ready for workshop next week!) ^TM
Kid at JFK: Mom,mom... What if we got back home and our house was just in flames. Mom: You've got a good imagination there. Son: maybe so
Up before Jesus and the Mexicans for weight lifting and cardio fitness . # mr. Omg
good work Katie!
we're all equal.
Flick,lit,puff,inhale,exhale nd inhale circular kush clouds......yea head rush
#FresnoDLD What did you find interesting about the Rosenblatt article?
I want to but I'm going to Louisiana
People in my country are so retarded._.
Quote:William Shakespeare quotes “Dost thou think because thou art virtuous there shall be no more cakes and ale?”
RT if you love,
Love the early-Saturday playoff hockey action. Perfect for a cloudy/rainy weekend.
Plane/Hotel fare plus expenses to Cabo San Lucas, Mx. Thanks, bro!
We're putting fashion forward this morning at Discovery World on Wakeup!
Someone wants to fax me a document. Of course our fax machine stopped working this morning.
Debating do I want this sew in next week.
Celebrating #ToniMorrison's Birthday on 2/18, too! Food & a #FREE Film in #SF! Stereotypes & Black Actors panel + HOLLYWOOD SHUFFLE!
New favorite term: Cork Taint. Sounds like something you need a shot for LOL.
Who said stripping couldnt lead to something bigger....ask channing tanum how it worked!!!
This location business has gone too far. I don't need to see that you checked in at your doctor's office. Thanks.
Your new album is killing me! Thank you for the honest music, love love love!
well someone should! It would be so EPIC!!!
Thinking back on all these great memories in
I love her! Not kidding. : I just did a show with the Pine-Sol lady. Is she a thing people know?"
I know, right.
who is who?
I need strings. Poop. I wonder if i can bring my amp to this free show..
"Don't join a fray. Make your own fray." EO Wilson at
Basketball Wives in three, two, one......
Like a virgin. Oo!
Ads are fun when you make them, not fun when others shove them in your face.
"Final Destination 5"...they should jus call it Destination #5 cause i kno its not tha final one.
RT : It's OFFICIAL! Fortune and Glory will be opening for Set Your Goals and The Swellers on Jan 24th and The Majestic...
are you taking me?
DC Fire EMS responded to a dumpster fire behind White Gravenor this afternoon. The fire is now extinguished.
Thank you for the RT's and FF!!
got it a fist fight with my mom just now -___-
Random question- if a siamese twin committed murder would he not have to go to jail because the other twin is innocent?
"Sometimes you must leave fools to their follies."
Our competition took the day off, we took 3 of their customers. The early bird might get the worm, we get it back when he rest. Bring it on!
Someone pick up a Buckeye!
Can't believe I missed #runchat last night!!! Shoot.
From NAIA baseball RT : NAIA Opening Rd stats...5 teams flying, 33 teams driving an average of 442 one-way miles this week."
#FWM #CokeBoys husband or wife- ft video coming soon yall know yall cant wait video is PICANTE..lol
Got it RT : Are you following Super cool event in November
RT #randomlnq well I WAS looking forward to sex and the city 2, but then I heard it was a flop...//What a let down.
Sick of being a doormat! Why do I let this continue!
Personifying my car. I can't turn you on #istheresomebodyelse?
Yeah, I suppose so. Although B-Roy did most of the damage for the Blazers...on 2 bad knees!
Have you gotten #cashback recently from being a shopper? RT your savings!
Wtf happened to My Girl off SINGLE LADIES.. You know The PRETTY 1?!
#10BasicFactsAboutMe I.Love.My.iPod. Music is my life.
After walkin ten miles for my pt gig and dog sittin 3 boxers beer time
I had a teapartier tell me that making him provide health insurance for his employees was a violation of his freedom. Nice big heart u have
#wordplay-o-d-day: ANTISEPTIC: opposed to the number 7.
simplest headline ever ... Steely lyric and song. "HEY 19"
Really want to keep working, but I'm going to take a 15 min break because I know my soul needs it & my day will benefit
Im going to lay it down for a quick nap-Night Olwz
just now getting home from the studio....tired but excited
Yeah I figured it was last minute, I just found out today. I still want to go though!!
O lady cop with a big ass gun!! Lol
Costume System Code completed and bugs are fixed! I just need to clean up some part of it & add to the real server. Maintenance soon!
For real? Bo.
All I can really do is relate lyrics to a situation lol
No Podcast just stay busy performing live and giving out my site adresses
Lost my voice after last night.
Countdown: 6 days till we raffle off 2 nites in Hawaii! More info at #Office365 for Dummies. Countdown: 8 days till we raffle off 2...
Cooked salmon with honey and mandarin glaze, o let's see how it came out
Then I helped someone do a PubMed search using MeSH terms.
Slovenian Banks' Ratings Cut by Moody's as Asset Quality Worsens - Bloomberg
dead air. Lambaugh. Makes my Blood Pressure go up
Thanks for the follows.
Tonight the library hosted an event honoring prolific SPA/JLS professor Rita Simon--see her many books in a first floor display.
Sometimes I enjoy commercials more than the actual program itself.
wonderful. teaching our kids to be judgmental and intolerant at an early age in a society already full of "Islam-ophobes".
Tell me, what is your fav gum? Mine is Juicy Fruit...... LOL
scratch that. screw today.
was just reminded that the word "excruciating" comes from "ex crucis," from crucifixion, a long and drawn out pain. The snake of my brain.
Job 29:12-13 "because I rescued ... and the fatherless who had none to assist him. The man who was dying blessed me..."
Whenever I make it there... I'll be getting that rec!
It better be, theres needs to be a cure for all us uglies of there
My first eatin all day....that's a problem
Loved that you got carries last night. Hope the pulled ab or whatever is getting better.
it's too close to then. We gotta plan it and stuff but I'll see what I can do
StL Fan:"The beast is stupid!" Response:"You have a squirrel." haha
I'm a father of 3. I cannot imagine insulting a woman publicly like that. I teach my kids to be respectful not rude.
are you and peyton dating!??
Think I'm go chill at the lake have some ice cream in a sec
yeah part of it :)
I looked fear in the eyes.. and I gotta tell ya.. it looked a little sheepish to me. Thinkin' it's all a front.
I CAN'T DO THIS. I'M ONLY 15. Shut da hell up.
congrats on the new addition to your family!
All ppl (especially pregnant women, children and workers) should be better protected from toxic chemical exposure.
Took one more go at edition our film "Wake Up!". Producers are all pleased with the results! NOW we are ready to launch
we're excited about !
no problem love <3
Perhaps indie bookstores not yet fuckyeah-able yet?
Our first run of cider yielded 31 cases of liquid gold. Please let us know if you'd like to attend a tasting in #Philadelphia!
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!!!
Get a peek at how the stars let loose after the 63rd Primetime Emmys!
Sweating my ass off waiting for mayday parade <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
When we disclaim praise, it only shows our desire to be praised a second time.
Hi agrees: sacrifice for a good #cause is necessary. Thanks for following.
What wOuld 2Chainz Say #2Chains, 200Diamonds ..I'm On top.. I'm done climbing..rap game? 2 easy .. Me and wayne? 2UNEchi !!
A this is random but I think tje bears need to call T O n put him, on the squad forget all,the drama they need a proven reciever
RT : If a Rowdy Gentleman calls a girl by the wrong name during sex, she’ll legally change it the next day.
He actually wants a slightly useful education...something he won't find at Kentucky...
I'm so sorry. :/ sending you love and hugs.
Being prepared is a GREAT thing :) How was your visit?
he is just explaining. Maybe over explaining. Okay he needs to
just got my android phone to tether with my laptop. works great!
D Kroger's is off the hook, lol
I'd love to! Give me a day and time next month and I'll be there :)
I almost did...then came to my senses..ha!
New homes for 2009... McMansions are out. Bridges and caves are in.
Playing with kids is like a game of improve that doesn't end until everyone has a bar mitzvah
#Plansforthesummer waste a day with LIKE FORREAL.
Hear hear... “: Tax day. Sigh. Goodbye savings account. I knew you were never mine, but it was nice to pretend.”
Google Scholar, I could kiss you.
#IGoToCoralParkWhere pitbull attended & my freshman teacher had him as a student.
Hmm I like your line of thinking.
you work at m cafe. don't you get Asian enough? ahah
you made me mad so now we have a problem .-. K
Social media is a risky CSR tool if your message isn't in alignment with your corporate values - Joe Lawless
Its way too early to have to be two places at once
Nothing worse than getting ready to play a game and your controller dies :/
I aint tryin to start a fight but I'll finish one every time
Follow - a great read for Chicago craft beer fans and presently helping me stay on top of the Parabola release.
For most, today = end of the holidays; for some = a day to #prepare for the successes of 2012. SeanLetwat
We should do that often, not only for Thanksgiving. Thank you my friend. Happy Thanksgiving!! Hugs
Because although we may look ridiculous at the end of the night, we look damn good at the beginning.
excited to see game 2 of
OK, arbiter just means someone judging, arbitrator refers specifically to arbitration. Both have plurals, so arbitrators is always correct
oh wish I was there.
you're an idiot.
hey vic, that dress u have on on those photos that were just uploaded to fbook is lush u look lovely! Where's it from? X
they got them in the first half. Just didn't make them
Love #Stronger! Amazing Song from An Amazing Artist...
Thank you! If she lives on the north side she is welcome to join us!
wait...what is YALB? everyone watching DDM seems to know what it is but me
yes but its the slowest month of the year
Yes and having back helped a lot. ": I guess Kobe calling out Pau & Drew worked."
I just #Can'tGiveUpNow come too far from where I #StartedFrom. I don't believe he #BroughtMeThisFar to #LeaveMe!
": FABULOUS FASHION NEWS FLASH Prada tapped & to perform @ their #MetGala afterparty!"
RT : Nice to know you don't even care. Trying so hard to please you but you just don't care at all.
Thank you! :)
aaron rodgers still has one super bowl ring while alex smith has one playoff win. not bizarro world yet.
Bravo!! the reason I asked is because im concerned about taking two Schultheiss' courses. It should be alright I guess!
"I never had a bad day in my life" -R.Gray
My anti-virus software is telling me that VegWeb has been reported as an "attack page." What's up with the website?
Watching The Time Traveler's Wife
i'll leave you in the lobby while I move up these steps!
Grey's Anatomy is an awesome show. :)
Distort this message into anything you want it to mean.
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN !?<3 it would make all my dreams come true!:D
Planning future of , facilitated by
friends don't care that you like an institution, but do care that you enjoyed an exhibition there. Yep, I can see that.
Thank you for following!
Putting finishing touches on the #Blackboard ANGEL session presentation for #EDU11. Join us on Thurs. at 8:00 am in Room 119B.
10 MINUTES TILL #TRIVIA TIME!! GET IN HERE!
We had an Awesome Choir Practice, the old Sunday school medley was hilarious ...you remember : I am a c I am a ch I am a christian...lol
Really? Mary Beth? I think Whitney is hotter.
Malcom in the middle episode with is the funniest ever!
I will chop up both of your bodies and throw them in caz creek if I go home and any of my clothes r missing.
They are essentially infant heirlooms, insanely flavorful.
Sorry to hear about Cena's divorce, but at least he was smart enough to get a prenup!
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls
Kurt Warner is 24-28 with 1:40 left.. Wow what a game
Pick up a newspaper and look at the stories filling it. Find recurring themes and use existing stories as a blueprint for getting publicity.
yea baby
ProMobile Productions, LLC offers a state of the art HD Mobile Video Production Unit to stream your event from any location, anywhere!
I'm a total fan of your work, but not irresponsible anti-abortion rhetoric.
LA's been used as leverage here for a decade. Still hasn't been a realistic option.
leave it to a man to bring food into a Nail Polish discussion! :)
Chillin at my house watching this fight
djKhaled You go so Hard man Wish I was on the Team !
Please do. Love to meet a fellow bikeschooler. I lived in Los Angeles for 7 years also, so I'm sure we could swap stories.
"A book is a souvenir of a web experience." --Will Schwalbe of Cookster quoting
The #oscars were tonight? Oops. I'm too far removed.
#LAMHarvard LAM dialogs: Focus on the what (where we are going) not the how (strategies to get there). GWeibel
April 4th!! Cain's Ballroom with For Today!! Do it do it :)
Once I put my headphones on, I zone out.
If autocorrect change my fuck into duck one more time, I'm tossing this HTC but #TeamAndroid though..
Congrats! That's awesome news! :)
“: I will be there! I'll be sure to be part of the expo in October!" Great! See you soon.
Like I won't , obviously cause I'm not crazy or violent.. But what's stopping me? Police? Morals? But where did I even acquire those
girl dont make me bust a cap in yo a**** lollx
Tried giving Bon Iver a try... Not happening
love the judges! Nice not to listen to so much negative
I love having a bus pass.
On Nov. 6, 2006, Colorado voters passed an amendment banning gay marriage. 2 months later the DNC picked Denver.
Ugh I hate waiting for things
movies like that aren't appropriate for children
if i were to geuss I would say NE or SEA
Floyd should have let his ass have it n knocked him out
try not to have too much fun without me.
#IfItWasUpToMe You be able to purchase medical at any convenience store selling swishers
I'm super pumped, they're both selfish players tho so I wonder how long it will take them to get in sync
4:30pm Be sure to join us tomorrow night: Faith Ringgold’s artist lecture, art, prizes, and fun. Send us your questions for...
Today in 1962, Stan Getz & Charlie Byrd recorded Bossa Nova for the first time. #AcousticRooster wrote "The Hen from Ipanema."
Private room
Plus the pace of life is really balanced - there's plenty to do, but it's not overwhelming.
great advice! RT : want to stand out from the crowd when interviewing? send thank you notes immediately after your interview.
On my way to my Daddy's Birthday Party. Happy 43rd Birthday <U+E328>
Valid point! RT : No Pulitzer for fiction this year because truth was stranger.
USTREAM IN 3 HOURS 52 MINUTES 30 SECONDS..... no I'm not excited or anything (;
i hate being in 7th grade
you're the one who asked me to go with you...just saying!
Sounds good.
so many dazzling brides today at the W Hollywood. I wanted ALL of their dresses. Not a tragedy in site!
America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves -Lincoln
true so true
Final tally is in: 9,670 fully dressed Chicago style hot dogs were served at the #NRAShow this weekend. Holy smokes!
. Our next meeting is Sat. Jan 7th. will be with us speaking about fight scenes.
The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.
GOOD LUCK <3
I'll be there! RT : glad you enjoyed the class!! See you Wednesday?
it is warmer in Hobart Indiana than it is in San Diego California right now.
The current Amazon Web Services outage means that Sportaneous is temporarily down. We'll let you know as soon as we're back in business.
#Jings in the #ThirdWard strikes again...
July 2012 -- our wedding opportunity of a lifetime. Killarney, Ireland. Feeling extremely LUCKY to document this story :)
"Imagination is the highest kite one can fly." —Lauren Bacall, American actress
How was your weekend? Mine included flipping around every which way on all sorts of insane rollercoasters at
In my zone gettin ready for dis lil Wayne concert n Dallas Tx babe.....u we go lil Wayne
Indiana Pacers play-by-play guy just admitted the Pacers have no chance versus the Heat.
"Calvin's got a job... Hey Calvin." Lol I miss the Chappelle show
I'm so tired of #KrisHumphries. He's so busy accusing everyone else of being publicity hungry while making himself look like an ass. Move on
Good work sam. I will buy one.
Are you psychic??? That place is offering a Groupon deal today!!! RT : Jerry's artarama.
Getting ready for the pool with
Someone is gonna sit out tonight for the Spurs tonight just not sure who yet?
they did it for Grindr
Free trial Tarot readings today only on www.ShindigTarot.com!
and um, uh, there was no Holy See anytime BC.
I am just so excited about this merchant account I could just pee my pants.
Eww I need new music in my phone! .-.
you have been tweeting so much lately!!! Good work.
A3 I stepped back from a few things (like going to 5 different committee's mtgs), took a few long weekends to relax & recharge.
The Yankees haven't done anything this winter meetings, other than Garcia. I guess that's it? Cashman turning into the grinch? What's up?
Why do people argue for no reason just to feel important what's up with that
I know sad sad day for me - this is something you only dream of and I was trying to get to TN! =)
Happy Sunny Sunday to you!
No. I'll be the uncle.
don't think of it as shutting the door on you, think of it as giving you complete privacy; you now have your own office!
Don't say, "If I could, I would." Say instead, "If I can, I will." - Jim Rohn
Gonna bite that know it all tounge
Gt your eyes checked and take it from there=)
Success comes to those who work hard. To dream is not enough. Act on it. Do something.
10/23 Super Shopper - last drawing before the 12/4 finale. 12/4 will be part of our 40th Anniversary Celebration. It’s going to be huge!
Gotta love having one of my #KU people speaking at #LiNC this year! Very excited to give a big #RCJKU to !!! cc
Yes, it sounds like it. What a small world! Good spinning Mr. DJ!
I love the background on your profile page. Thanks for following!
Will plan better next time so I can see you all later!
Ah. Fml. XP
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
Children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children.
Hello there ;)
Awesome! We just dropped off our kit to them today! P.S. tag them in your twitter post! They like that!
Yep! What a hoot... RT am I watching you on Celebrity Apprentice?????
UGH i dnt wanna do my homework but at this rate imma fail so imma get this done rite quick :(
“: AND WITH THAT, BRYCE HARPER IS JUST 761 AWAY FROM TYING BONDS #HARPERWATCH” Lol.
You know, there is an option to give more $ than you owe at the bottom of your 1040, 1%, so stop with the signs requesting to be taxed more.
Was Patience the first Ke$h? Probably, although the bar has been raised . . . pretty damn high.
the kiddies and babe are asleep...feel like goin to get a cold one
eat every three hours to be safe! Keep all fruit (the only sugar you should be having) before dinner.
“A Brief History of New Media Art” Matt Nish-Lapidus,
: Here's another way to reach me! Z.
you represent many who feel they don't have a voice, what about the long term #unemployed #99ers?Plze, donate your voice.
I'm always up for new reading. What is it about?
Thanks, will do!
just finished the sweet 16 workout (what i could finish) now to do under the sea times 3!
Really enjoyed visiting with today in Seattle.
Mirror is seriously a bomb af song
My sleep schedule is beyond fucked up
IT IS NOT THAT EASY
We'll miss seeing your face everyday
You can encourage blogging by rounding up your trade show content on your specialized event Twitter page.
what? I'm so confused. I mean one of my goals for the summer was to put a video out every week, so I might as well
Heading to the office to prep for today's shoot! Gettin' it done!
Before you....
Um such a good follower! I get on twitter once a week. I have nothin to tweet about. And i'll prolly neva read one of ur tweets.
Be Original!
About to see if I can get a 2nd Job before the End of the Week.
The faces of fellow passengers changed to a sad look when they realized that the nice man and his two year old son will be sitting w/us.
yes, I do.
Been blowing school off for 3 weeks. Its about to bite me in the ass
Feels good to have a face... next thing on the To Do List is get my website up so I can show you tweeps my skills!
#chicultural2012 list: 1) Increase cultural participation by increasing accessibility.
I kind of want some damn rice
#imagine *Louis gently kisses your cheek, you blush* Louis: I love it when you blush, it proves u really love me, like I love you.<U+2665>
new drunken Gray card game: "five-card who effin' knows"
10% off gift certificates tomorrow only!
after what happened in ATL I'm not sure. He might be black balled by the NFL. He might have to be an OC in college for a while.
#SorryNotSorry for caring
I tried to be patient but I waited too long.
That was one hell of a nap... its not over yet tho.
is it true that Coach Scott fined Erden for his haircut? Go #Cavs!
turns out that Wilders never asked for the Koran to be banned. He sd if Dutch law re Mein K were fully enforced the K would be banned too
me and Sigur Rós are working it on out.
No kidding, guy before you walks on 5 pitches and Ishikawa swings at the first pitch.
definitely either way is cool
Still waiting for mine! Enjoy.
Aww that's soo cute!:) have fun!
missing my boyy
Shooting album concepts with !! Great stuff already!
The week's Sunday NY Times crossword puzzle just doesn't have it.
nice!! Have fun. Let's do something soon
Paper bags are outlawed in grocery stores in Afghanistan. They believe paper is sacred.
so natural in your hand. Lol
having a great time at our Black History Month event! Can't wait for
¤ Remember no matter where you go there you are. Earl Mac Rauch
Im a jealous person :( it sucks
Thanks new follows for supporting contemporary ballet! Come to our show Flight of Fancy
My site has free videos and articles. You have to exercise and eat right. Email me and I can give you specifics.
OR WILL THEY? Join us + funny folks 4/18
No such thing. #Siracha “: #waytoomuchroostersauce.... #noodles”
I SMELL MURDAHHHHH!!!
Come meet us in the caf and sign up for this Saturday's build day!!! :) thanks! RETWEET
I don't blame you! It's so good! Hahaha.
Do you code?
This is awful.
Who can lift to this music?
Thank you for spreading the word - Only 13 votes behind! :)
did you go? Why r their haters? Was it fun? I don't know the first thing about Tiesto.
Somebody please shut up guitar guy in Pizza Hut commercial
Houston in July, Hawaii in August, Than Florence Italy my home town baby at the ending of August. GAWD I can't wait I miss my family!
Long day..
next week
Ready #Packernation!!! the road to the championship starts!!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
thanks, i'll take a look - I left some feedback in terms of slight tweaks that could improve xperience.
studying at caribou tonight. would love someone to join me
do we have too???? Hahahaha I kid, I kid
You rock !! Thanks for tweeting our Project! Cheers to 2012, let's make it a great year for Moms!!
Q. What's the hottest thing in the world? A. Two rats fucking in a wool sock.
cant wait to roll deep with big dave jamming to some billy joel
I do and strongly recommend it. working ski patrol at copper mountain and working with brain injury in colorado springs.
Have you seen all of the tech and law classes?
Stop by on your lunch break today to find yourself a new apt! Spring leasing specials won't last long! #BallparkNeighborhood 2200 Market
It was nice to see Hafner and Santana doing 'yard' work on such a nice day. Great win for the #Indians tonight.
Today was VERY stressful. People kill me sometimes.
Drinking and Sprite
2 more days... i cant... its to long
same ole' same ole', weird pets, babies laughing and lots of time consuming garbaggeeee
When I grow up I want to be the guy who makes it extremely difficult for people to adjust the hour on the digital clock in cars.
damn dude.....really?
Gotta love it
This is EXACTLY what the diss is on. And the prof in the story, Schiappa, authored a key pice I build from. Thanks!
Congratulations to the honorees at the Lortel Awards! Thank you & Lucille Lortel Foundation for your support of The Fund.
been excited. lol what are you doing lately?
Just thought of a title for my novel: "A Matrix of Problems!"
Remember push-ups 1 of the big 4 exercises you should do every day! Keeps you strong & builds your core strength! Get core strong:excercise!
Tweeting from the Advanced Placement Annual Conference in SF today & tomorrow.
Sunday word trivia time! What is the only commonly used English word in which the "F" is pronounced like a "V"?
#PowerRangersRaceForLife Good luck with training, girl! You can do it! xo
"Oh, the places you will go."
Just #voted. Always feels great to do this.
Today would have been the birthday for Lt. Michael Murphy. He was one of the greatest heroes of modern time. NEVER forgotten.
Not that we know of. Though that may be a question for
You gotta do what's right for YOU, even if it hurts some people you love.
TGIF! Happy Dr. Suess Day! "And will you succeed? Yes, indeed, yes indeed! Ninety-eight and three quarters percent guaranteed! -Dr. Suess
Thank you #Houston for all of your responses about musicians... we'll be on the lookout for future event dates from them!
thanks so much and I love that you used the word "stalwart".
We're gearing up!
Jason Kidd will not play tonight for the #Mavericks against the #Blazers. Apparently a scheduled night off.
I got game like e a,but I wanna let you play
Back to #gymflow... lord walk with me
Chris Davis strikes out Saltalamacchia...
“: The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.” story of my life right now!
thanks for the tip andy.
now the tax man cometh. Congrats!
The biggest full moon of the year will take place Saturday (May 5) at 11:35 pm EDT
you still got it kid!! are you still in LA?
ppl get on my nervous
Watching Someone Like You with Viggle Tue | 2PM | ION Get real rewards just for watching TV.
we were just in LA last week, hopefully we'll be back again soon :)
Just got home from Lake Tahoe- the fireworks there were FREAKIN AMAZING!!!
So what's everyones favorite song on the ep??
A Spectrum of Perspectives: Blogging A to Z: &quot;R&quot; Movies
i havent been on #twitter for ever :) goin to Navy Pier =]
Man I thought i found the love of my life! Well i guess its back to da drawing board. Can i get a nigga dats drug free and has no limits.
And things were JUST starting to get dramatic in Utah.
I can't even sleep. I'm thinking bout what's finna happen and somebody finna die
reading by the pool. #winterintexas?
Kudos to ArtistLink songwriter for writing Tara King's new song
good work JAX!
im so hungry I'm too scared to go to the kitchen...its dark..
at school today sorry ya'll. Que bonita come to hh today!
thanks! they are super soft too. a great fall and winter accessory. they last a lifetime too!
:) i'm always a text or call from being there tho lol. you need to help me chin check, you know who!! its going to be epic!!!!
Trying to find positive in attending a meeting that doesn't pertain to me at all... Free pizza!
Yeah, I've mentioned that a few times on Twitter. Don't get me started on my wtf is PJ up to rants
I have never been so happy to be back in America
looking forward to seeing you tomorrow!
What if another dog pees on that poop right before you pick up both poops? It will just be a sloppy mess.
#DASER Ellen Levy "Art can, under particular circumstances, train attention."
Put Your Hearts Up <3
it's not at Johnny Brenda's.
2 Reasons people can hate you: 1.You're happy with your life, 2.They don't have a life.
Houston Rockets have a few interesting candidates for the head coach job, Kevin McHale, Sam Cassell, Ralph Sampson
Make sure u get Ur copy of
good morning Gary!
I swear 9th wonder does some good shit. God bless him and his talent.
last minute preparations and by that I mean frozen yogurt with lots and lots of toppings.
My inspiration batteries are now recharged to 100% after tonight's Girls on the Run event! Thanks
It's a cool word. I thought it had to do with drilling rigs.
lady your boomerang model is worthy of Picasso. It is making my eyes bleed.
Anybody remember when Kobe clotheslined Raja Bell mid game & during live action?? Still crazy
hours of work and now cheering
Great pass from Jennings to dunleavy off the Beno steal. Tie game at 79. 9 min to play.
I need some ideas on what to do on my Birthday Friday, March 23. Any suggestions?
Today I leave Anderson.
your broham baby girl.
Thanks for the #FF today. You sure get an early start to your day!
You are too previous Jason Segel!
You fox.
I’m moody, eating muffins, and getting overly emotional listening to Mumford and Sons. Tell tale signs of male PMS.
Cannot wait for my 90 minute massage tonight! Thank you, Easter Bunny! aka
lmmfao...this fool said pull and tuck...
L0L! I did the same! I still give my excitement credit to Doughty for the shot. :)
Am I missing something or is there no such thing as a media player that can play Amazon VOD, Netflix, iTunes movies, and files from shares?
hehe you look so cute! &hearts; :*
Any Portland area folks connected to Norway? Bad stuff happening there. Lets talk.
thank you so so much!
Just decided to read Romney's "No Apology" just for kicks.
Adobe's "Deblurring feature" still doesn't save you from taking a shitty photo.
Peter Piper Pizza, All Star Game & Sunday Night Cruisin Classics!!!
Choose topics that fit in school's curriculum. If you have an LLM IP program, IP ALR makes sense.
"Inspiration is for Amateurs... the rest of us just show up and get to work." - Chuck Close, artist. Love this quote!
Tomorrow morning we present episode 35 of Parlour to Parlour at - I hope you all like stunning natural California vistas.
Just screamed for ice cream in my quiet office. Apparently, not everyone is an ice cream fan. Losers.
sucks sometimes
So sick I just wanna sleep and eat cold stuff
who r u playing for next year?
Someone help get me a job!
Awesome to meet you today! Glad we got to catch up over lunch...have a good wknd!
ahaha you like that app dont u :P
music is my best friend :)
Dont give me that look.
If I die my tweets are coming with me! I own nothing but my own hilarity! #SryToDisappoint :(
Season's greetings everyone! I hope you are spending this time of year with loved ones and are truly happy!
Hahaha we're so funny
penguins fly by night, and sleep by day
FL state line!!
It's funny that the #GOP thinks just putting a Latino on the ballot will magically make us vote for them.
-______- no biotch , she's coming over & so are YOU.
We will be performing live at Saints ( plaza district) this Saturday (May 12th). Free Free Free Free Free Free. Show up around 10pm.
How many ppl have ever heard some1 speak in tongues followed by an interpretation of what was spoken?
balancing short term execution with long term strategic domination...
A wonderful realization is when you realize that you are unique in all the world and you have the power of unique accomplishments.
lmao. I'm gonna be the bigger one & say, you're right. Phones work both ways. I could have hyu. I still love you though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
yeah, that was kind of a mess. Internet magically revived so I sent the guy away. Now we're dead again.
not this year :( I've got too much going on LA right now. Great things! Have a drink for me!!
How the lebron dunk didn't pass the Hibbert dunk on top 10 ? Really
Kenny Smith just picked U of L on with They're live from NOLA. What you think about Kenny's prediction?
already done baby =)
would DOMINATE #GrudenQBCamp because his skill, knowledge of the game, personality & plus #Gruden LOVES da !!
Or use Michelle's invite code!
Down by the river listening to Counting Crows
Wats good wit u
Dramatic Pick=Up line!!! Oh no, I'm choking! I need mouth to mouth, quick!
#lilboosie found #notGuilty of his murder trial ... Zoom
I peeled 2 pounds of Jerusalem artichokes tonight and it was one of the hardest things I've ever done!
Any producers in Dallas wanna jam hit me up
I hope doesn't shave anytime soon. I've decided to grow a bread. I'm sure my wife won't mind.
Bad Ass
No callers and talk State all day. That should implode a few slappy heads.
I feel like I'm on 8 mile
Warm and exciting, World Champion Packers ready to repeat and Brewers leading the NL Central, sweeping the Cubs this weekend.
I teach and wanted my younger students to go directly to Sumo Site, public school issue w/byline - great tutorial
"how many people are in your family?" "a little over 423,000." (;
Utah in '98 was by far my worst. This was a really fun team to root for. Thanks for the great work this season.
Say it ain't so.
I just don't trust skins to do anything right
Do you still get it if you didn't buy the map pack? (
#ThingsIwantTheMost Sleep, at the moment.
RT Do business in you local community. Local Businesses provide local jobs that provide local money to be spend in the local economy.
hey bro.. sorry about your studio burning down, damn shame, good luck on the rebuilding.. Lee
The prison break scene in ghost protocol is a great way2start a movie... Got2love a movie whose main character was born in wi
Junior Seau. Oh my God. Such sad news. Is this true? Shot and killed at home????
Tomorrow is the last day for our Free June Jam Sessions - Sign up by noon for the last classes of the day! blog.qbgal.com
Good Morning Peeps
My life as a Northern in the South...RT : If u don't end every statement you make with 'because God says so'
you could come visit and um not drink.....
Attending State of the City where a member of sang the National Anthem.
currently ordered alphabetically by domain name, almost as useless as randomly.
At great White House Roundtable this a.m. at w/FTA Administrator Peter Rogoff advocating collaboration btw transit &
I hope so! I want to start a franchise
Jealous of the people who'll witness #supermoon tonight. Can't really see it from our window. Goodnight! Be safe on a Saturday!
Wow- the wind is howling outside our office!
I wear ALL BLACK and people ask "Who died?" I just look up and say "The Competition."
Thanks for the laff. I'm just being a good Public Info Officer and following folks of note.
Thru the ups and downs she always smile ..i get that trait from her
I love Josh Hamilton!! ;)
New pancake special: Blackberry Chocolate Chip!! get em' while you can...... www.eggfast.com
#LSU Has given up. #Alabama is going to go all the way. #BCSChampionship But still...
What's the difference between an elevator and a Mexican? One can raise a child.
Andre MIller is old enough to be Matt Barnes' dad. How does he go right around him like that?
cant even tell you the emotional roller coaster comcast put me on today. thank god for curse words (and wine... obviously)
The measure of a man's real character is what he would do if he knew he would never be found out. - Thomas Babington Macaulay
RT : Can Interviewers Insist on 'Shoulder Surfing' Your Facebook Page? CIS Resident Fellow Aleecia McDonald interviewed...
hey guys if you haven't dont forget to follow nd our awesome manager & keep on with the #ff's!
Yeah and I could be Jesus of all roles.
Back in the studio today, and my voice is struggling. Pray for me that I make it successfully thru these next two weeks!!
If the picture that was tweeted of 'Montee Ball' being arrested was what this came from, I'm chalking it up to [day] drunk hearsay.
Billy get a new twitter?
hot hipster girl rock stars make me nervous.
Is there a way to print a Basecamp project, or export it as a file that can print?
Visiting this morning! Tune in!
who's online?
BUMPER STICKER - "You have to be present to succeed." Showing up and working hard is 99% of success. DO IT TODAY!
Hope you are having a "Sweet" Day!
Loved the Algorithms quote!!!! See you soon at the EXPO!! xo, :D
what do you mean by next pages?
anything worth fighting for takes the extra effort.
"Enthusiasm spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment." - Norman Vincent Peale
I'm good now.. so she tried 2 say she was sorry.....
Nice! That's long title tho, can you shorten it up? Short and sweet always wins!
sorry we won't be able to save any :(
love the surfing pics. Sometimes people forget that you're still a kid.
When you know why you want success at your core, you'll discover the freedom you long seek.
Haha, thanks so much glad you liked it!!
it's the camera angle. Didn't have time to take another 1... But him & Dan are both the same height. Seen then 2gether
Thanks for the RT! Share your unique referral link to win some free apps!
How did it go???
RT : Mark Feldman on the environmental photography of + Inspired by
because they paid him to say that
Agreed, those flat bill hats are awful.
that's wassup man, congrats - def stay safe though. This country is crazy....
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud
I need to go to the tables with you.
You can't give me the best pancakes in the world, then take them away!
Great column this week, damn shame scumbags ruin it for good coaches wouldn't be man I'm today wo coaches, lost my dad young
Karaoke dance party.
Taco bell <3
Going door to door today asking permission to remove signs in Clairemont. Got 33 signs in my back seat now!
;; My brother and I were playing monopoly then his mate called and my bro completely left me . I was like , "Uhm , thanks ?"
I start driving back on Saturday! It's very soon, but I can't wait to get back.
The kinds and I are heading out to zauber us some flöte.
thanks for the blog mention! we're in Chicago too, a little closer to you :)
One day you will realize what you had in front on you, but by then, I will be gone...
my point is avg people are losing anything but psychological wages in doing so
He fell for her rapping abilities.
Just waking up !!!
Huntsman: 5th generation of Chinese party officials is much more nationalistic, will be a challenge for US
size of whatb
Waking up to birds chirping (:
You guys aren't enjoying this game?
You're too sweet to me Mason.
my friend made that! where did you get it?
Nice-- had only seen a blurb from that one. Hadn't read it yet.
Miss you! Come visit!
Are there any Upper St. Clair choir singers tuned in? You sound great over the airwaves!
Childish Boys ..Turn Off
love it. can you help me coordinate my closet into outfits? seems like things fit together, but not sure how. a puzzle.
he was on again?
finally home
The #Flyers so need Ilya #Kovalchuk to get healthy as soon as possible. #Devils Somebody get him TO's
In Ohio now. Thinking of you. Happy you can be there for your mom. Hugs back!
Will be done by tomorrow! Just for you though.
Scent-sational candles and lucious fragrances. gotta see them!
In truth the audio was far more haunting. :-)
Feel free to leave any comments about our website. Your kind advice can help us improve our service.
I sent you some info about us, hope you can check it out!
I love , hes like my older brother <3
Happy Birthday to my beautiful daughter!! I love you baby girl!
It's up for discussion, and definitely more than 140 characters long.
I believe the Lakers may be a bit tired tonight but I expect OKC to be rusty.
Driving to sonic to get my mommy ice cream, #SuchAGoodDaughter...she is so lucky to have me.(: lol
Love this! Thank you for your constant prayers for all of us!
& Thanks for the welcome back from my mini-twitter vacation. :)
yeah, I will. Ivan give you his number. 317-474-8765
What would you change about your smile? Elliot wants a whiter smile. how about you?
shut up!! That's so cheap!!!! Do they have a good class schedule?
Love the name Green it Baby!
The grill never flares up when your standing next to it.
How was dinner last night?
I say what I feel, I could care less about how you feel.
teddy bear I bought put in toys for tots box Tag on bear in from:put my name & sisters name I have been told is going to die from cancer
welcome to Twitter!
Now following the beautiful Rose
i will follow you if you follow me :)
#CNN The Jacksons now on Piers Morgan!
Well according to what I see ya tweet, I'm the only nigga that thinks Meek Mills is Wack.
I am looking an antique dealer who is looking for a A-B Battle Creek stove Circa1920's. workable and excellent condition.....Need to price
hate living in the UK , you too far away ): , pleasee follow me <3 ! 3
Have honestly never watched #ghost hunters but am excited to watch #Meredith Viera tonight!
well.. one thing you can never have too much of...air and HDD/SDD space 2tb sounds good... too bad that's not me...
it's too early to be at The Shannon!
Gettin ready for tomorrows music video shoot for south coast records,Stupid genious!
Spoiler: it's really awkward to be in the delivery room with a screaming person you don't know very well.
TANKS FOR FOLLOW ME
Bout to listen to that #dreamchaser2 mixtape
woot! “: Working on the craziest-cool, wheeliest best new cycling caps for Setting a new bar.”
feel better.. you are too beautiful to be upset!
same outfit every week & #YouWannaImPressMe ??
jus wanted youu to know that your #BEAST :)
Right. I've had enough of this Pixel Junk 4Am stuff. I want 4Am on an iphone and I WANT IT NOW. Hell, I'll write it!
r u kidding me man, Romeo sux!
Footprints in the fresh snow looks nice
Listening to a table of literature professors trying to out-pretentious each-other. This is fantastic.
i will not make it to 11pm
it seems to me like your a queer with no life. See we both have opinions.
Learning isn't about competing with anyone. It's about being yourself.
I have done so much for my brother at school while he gets to stay home all day. He better love me
I'm excited about #beyondorganic too! On a side note, I have a voice student singing "It's Your Life" at a concert soon!
We honor the men and women who have faithfully served our country to protect our freedom. Today we toast to you. CHEERS!
lol RT : When i masturbate i nut everywhere...
tut go away
and - Check out the podcast to hear your tweets mentioned. , we apologize ahead of time - nothing but love!
is showing Harry and the Hendersons and serving Yeti tonight. Brilliant.
G.M.N.I.: Being drunk is not an excuse. I'll hold you accountable for any & everything you say to me.
There was a Borders joke on the Simpsons and both Mr Lush and I cackled evilly. >:)
Found a very rare book last week in the collection! Bit more research required, but it looks like it might b the only copy left in the U.S.
it has changed peps lives 4 the better. use ur experiences lik this one 2 as a steppin stone 2 do better, be better!
I wanna a IPOD or a Ipad
I want more KFC :|
Watching the NPF chamionship game on ESPN! Love watching and listening to
The pendulum creates backlash.
you are totally wrong lol
crazy, that movie is longer than 3 hours.
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time
Medgalai D'Oro instant espresso coffee not as bad as I imagined it would be.
On my way to #pasorobles for a day of wine tasting. Any places I have to try?
Whadd up FOCUS !!
yea it was great. Griffin was a beast, Jeff Teague was all over the place & Joe Johnson had the shot of the night. Very fun.
That's an idea. How far is the drive? 2-3 hrs?
I can't call it
yes yes of course .. It'd be nice to have you here too.. And even including Lucca ;-)
is having a great Easter holiday, I did even the traditional Bulgarian "egg-fighting", lol :)
How does the near-universal recognition and knowing embrace of "pious baloney" crack jibe with M Romney's supposed electability....?
Yea buddy #aye RT : u in NYC?? I haven't seen U in a min
If John Mayer had lived in Nazi Germany, he probably would've written a song called "Your Body Is Der Fatherland."
a belated thanks to for the RT. y'all should follow their twitter, good source for conferences, seminars, and the like.
Thank you so much for the #FF!
Happy birthday Ellen
I really gotta see this commercial
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Roasted Tomato and Butternut Squash. Sugar free Lemonade Cucumber Mint.”
ill see you there! Let's rape and pillage the town
Aw. Thanks doll! It was amazing! :D
Hey sluts...HE CAN"T BE YOUR SUPERMAN!
MR ROCHESTER: Nonsense! We don't fire people for little things like cannibalism here at Thornfield Hall!
I can now #Follow everyone back!!!
Those born today will live longer than ever
Hunger Games tonight(:
Thrilled to announce a Creative Conversation for #mla13 with and ! Hyperpluralingualism, language policy, and more!
And... The Super Bowl XLVI Pregame Show to feature Lenny Kravitz & The Fray. Get your tickets now by calling at: 888-493-0004
Lazy creative isn't #creative. It's factory labor. Do you operate a machine or a paintbrush?
Ghost Rider 2? Really? What studio genius keeps giving Nicolas "Cage" Coppola work???
Just bought the new SKYRIM theme for my 360. Had not changed it since Oblivion, so it was time. Will most likely have this one until ES6.
People be calling 20bbs preflop with 800 left with 24s and only getting 300 worth of value postflop :/
I really want food. #BigTime .
Too much good TV tonight...darn had to skip the gym! Watching #TheVoice and the
first year of college ... When the planes hit the towers a week later I found out my pops had cancer...
#3DAYS TILL TRAIN TRACKS OFF!! #BRACESOFF !!! :)
#BOy I don't care if you think you have "swag". Just pull up your pants & walk faster.
Snow in the east! Only clouds and cool temps here. Whew! Glad we didn't see any of that this weekend.
The next time a Fakers fan tries to defend World Peace, I'm showing that replay. Three weeks removed from that concussion incident—no excuse
well I don't know if you want me to pray but I will.
I cant remember who else was there with us! but reunion with my #johncannon ladies asapp<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Finally, the show begins. FOO FIGHTERS!!!
same to you brother! Thanking God you are preaching his gospel.
*i log into twitter* ok so people arguing, people talking, RTs, *start to get bored, then i see pic* DAYUMMM!!!!
Watch out for mighty sistar!!
who's ur vote?
is developing a twitter strategy for a client who is a senior executive at a Seattle software company
I love #evernote...trying to get more teachers in my building to sign up and start using.
Gosh I love dance parties.
Oops... You used all your chances with me!
Adding on more projects including designing websites for startups in Silicon Valley. Our client coverage is nation-wide.
it's kool u can't win em all I'm sure the gonna bust the pacers as game 4. It will be a interesting series tho
My pockets on full and so is my gas tank.
Chillin with my best friend dani montero
Why is my life not like a Disney movie?
MOS Certifications recommended.
Congrats Steve! Definitely bittersweet, i'm sure, but I agree new experiences are the most exciting.
may I know who is popping on April 7th.
Just now prepating the hottub for the storm..
So happy for d;
then you should "express how you feel" to my face .
Any punk fans shouldn't be missing at tonight.
I will try to... Gosh
I'm so sorry mother for making you do things when you got home form work! I'm so sorry! Now, I understand! No babies for me :)
thank u for pressing city officials. They r not doing their job, public safety!
Cloud Gate is an excellent choice. Think you could sail it across the pond? Thanks, Glenn!
Got a job interview! YAY <3
fake smiles from tha people who really envy u,they dnt like u at all but they pretend they do
no, lol. We almost did then decided not to. What are you guys doing?
only random acts of violence/nature/God which all happen for a reason. All the rest are just First World problems. You feel me?
(I hope) Sparks fly as we collide...
easy Chip. LOL!
RT "Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought."~J. Swift
mess me on xbl my tag: BEATDOWN STREAM
"I could be a gentleman" then he proceeds to put his hands all over a barely dressed girl. Someone needs to tell Justin what a gentleman is.
when I meet Justin I'm gunna be like "hey I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number so call me."
I thought obama was an athlete? He couldn't even throw a pitch to home plate! Probably all the cigarettes.
call me when you get home & don't let the Chocolate Drops influence you LMAO
I just brushed a dog's teeth. He was neither thrilled nor amused.
Not picking a fight. I love the book (fantastic narrative writing). But inclusive language would be nice.
ALL WINTER ITEMS ON SALE!!! COME DOWN AND STOCK UP!!
Today Business Costco 222 MLK 89106 across from Walker Furniture from 11 am - 2 pm!! Stop by for lunch and Italian Ice!!
Love #football Sunday's
Send rejects I'll use em' Thanks.....
who wants to write my bioooo?
Thank you!
What are you planting or have planted for this spring season?
GAG!! #CBSBigBrother can shove it now!! I hate you and refuse to watch the train wreck that is
real upset right now
wow that was a great tweet wishing you much success with the new you
Its also my moms birthday today
It's fun looking at all the prom pictures. :)
A warm welcome back to from Dubai! Hope you got all the sun you wanted =). See you Monday!
that is why you are going to make a great CVP #2legit 2quit
tweet me the pic.
solid pick up.
you did!?
The douche that ruined college for me sent me a friend request on Facebook. I accepted. Why? Because he needs to know I'm better without him
Those are some good choices. :)
We r on same team re: electing #kaine but as a NYer & given #knicks gutsy play despite decimated backcourt cant agree on hoops
yess lol crazy right!! But how are things? Are u still with the boy?
NOBOBY's GONNA LOVE YOU LIKE I DO. NOBODY'S LIKE ME. IM SPECIAL. <U+2665>
I will be home for Christmas and I would love that :)
Giants to win line has gone from +130 b4 kickoff to -178 right now.
feeling better :)
RT : If the work gets done and the performance is there why do some "managers" focus on the when employees work?
is remembering the roof of the Lafayette house and the mass amount of people that congregated on it.
Enjoying a nice weekend. Celebrated our 24 years with my staff it was a great time
I would have to be late. We have a memorial service at noon for the ppl who donated their bodies as cadavers.
Come and enjoy a Hot Cross Bun at Provence today! Only 60 cents a piece.
Aw, I miss Sarah! And you're right. We are adorable!
its friday,friday, gotta get down oon friday :) ~I<3 u this big
Well, I fail reading comprehension.
keep going though, really, this appears to be great for my blog statistics.
RT what's your favorite unsigned band?
telling the truth is the only way to do it though. i've received similar emails before too.
Aye what was that you were saying bout the squad big bruh? Lol.
Somebody tell Seinfeld that the guy who stole his puffy shirt is at the Fashion Square Car Wash. And he has paired it with a tweed vest.
Based on the Jobs bill, pretty sure that, despite never taking a finance course, I have a better fiscal understanding than alot of Congress.
just like how civil rights takes freedom away from white people
I love that song! But Conway Twitty's version is so much better
the fact that Na played so well despite whatever it was going on in his head was insane! Tough for caddie as well
Whatever happened to Lauryn Hill man?
Can anyone guess how many times the word #Rochester is mentioned in the Governor's State of the State?
JOEY IS HERE!! :D
Patio is open! What a beautiful day!
My MacBook Pro is beachballing me into a frenzied nerd rage. I really wish Apple would refresh their iMac line so I can get one. Now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
I wish I could get a follow
nasty. But cute ;D
Q4 coming up with a side of eggs, hash browns and yes...
I'll start with one. Still kind of skeptical on wearing dresses and being girly haha
Spring, the season of cats yowling. Damned cats invading Katsa and Tux's yard
ok maybe not that much but it was a lot last i checked.
Libros Schmibros' move is taking a bit longer than expected & reopening at Mariachi Plaza has been delayed. Stay tuned for more information!
Ah yes, read all about it [The Jones Surname]
thanks man
gonna be up late...smh
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ;)
mmhm...sadly I did. But hey good thing we grow and learn lmao.
You are the best Ive ever had(: and I can honestly say that Im falling more and more for you everyday<3 I like you to much!(:
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
Bored outta my mind at work who is up?? Outta all of my followers surely someone can entertain me for a little while lol
thanks for your interest, next time we are in the area we'll visit
Bye bye #twitter and #facebook. Hello If you need me, text or talk
God Blesses His Children!!!Congratulations Bubba Watson!!!!!!
There is a contact tab/form on everyone's profile page.
what's going down tonite
THE BAND PERRY!
of course you are! ;)
infiniti car dealership
just down the road from me
Bike commuters using ny subway do not fare well. FREEDOM WANTED.
At church to start the day off good. Get this off my shoulders
thanks Linda!
1933- The US #Government orders all citizens to turn in their remaining #gold dollar coins.
Eating a waffle dog at Eat the street- food truck fest Honolulu m
IF we as a nation reward creative thinkers with little, then chances are that we will soon lose the freedom of expression as we know it.
MT :Chris Watney from the : data on literacy is disheartening & shows a statewide crisis
I know you can't come but I want you to know that you are invited to my sweet 16. It's April 21 in Vero Beach Florida. <3
let me know where and when and I'll be there! #USA!
Just got asked to put my hood down in the mall. Didn't know that was a rule. Guess I'm not cold sir
when is verizon going to release an official android 2.3 for the droid x?
Use Live Keyword Analysis free tool to analyze density of keywords in a press release.
So you're the one person who watched it.
Have 60 points with 8 minutes left in the game....LIKE A BOSH
St Pete City Hall Council Chambers to hear an app for an after-the-fact Cert of Appropriateness - what's that?
Made a twitter to see peoples reactions from the patriots. Thanks
It's your favorite thing about me.
TOOTS!!! A NEW HOOK ALWAYS SAVES THE DAY!! AND STYLING IS ON THE UPSWING ROUND THESE PARTS TOO!!
today is shit no one to talk to lunch alone and don't get to c the person I really want to c :/ damn hope these last 4 weeks school go fast
miss you beautiful!
Oh my god how annoyed are you guys right now?
I am so excited about attending the #TeamSadie Girl's Night In tonight. Who's going?
Your 10 pages are coming along more swimmingly than my 1 page today.
You got it!
Great to see back up and tweeting.
Like I said.. It's all about those defensive rebounds!
interesting. Can they use your space for programs? Have we created a model where each school has to survive alone?
Modernizr detects CSS animations gradients, transforms, html5 file api, desktop drag & drop, sag, Web GL, and much much more.
Cerus (NASDAQ: CERS) to Present at the Stephens Inc. Fall Conference on November 16, 2011
#Kiski School Basketball Shooting Around at Yale preparing for New Hampton tonight at 7:30 pm.
Erin's right. It's a primary provider shortage not primary doc shortage. Nurses, NPs and PAs can do all primary care
Waiting at the DMV, and can't help feeling like I'd be more productive with an iPad.
I think it's funny when "egg avi's" start flexing their Internet muscles!
Book your cut and color with Tarah McPherson owner/stylist of Salon La Bonne Vie before the holiday! Scheduling will book up fast!
thanks for coming out this evening!!!!
Time is a companion that goes with us on a journey
Ever had Kheer? A Rice & Milk Pudding, Served Cold, That's So Refreshing On A Hot Summer Day. Come In and Try it Out!
Jim Cramer on Derek Jeter, "I hate him. He's got everything. He's got the babes. He's got the numbers. Thank heavens for Andrew Luck."
Actress Tracey Gold is 43. Tennis player Gabriela Sabatini is 42. Country singer Rick Trevino is 41. Musician Simon Katz is 41.
so excited for you!
al least not being sold on something hate panels like that.
Super busy today working on the new book. I love how prayer busts right through writer's block!
stacked starters, yet to be seen on back ups....first year of scholy loss....
Sony Mobile Smartphones Price List Philippines
I can't believe it's already April! Happy April Fools Day!
I remember when #southpark was funny...it ain't worth my 30 mins anymore
BRUNCH & ENDLESS MIMOSAS TILL 2:30 EVERY SATURDAY & SUNDAY!!! Do It!!! Big City Tavern... Best on the Blvd!!!
Great tip Shelly Thanks for sharing.
Its was way to short! I didnt wanna come back but my mom made me lol i might go back before the month ends
why, yes, you do need a master's degree to be a librarian. k?
Wow AP, that's some typo. Ryan Braun is cleared!
My mother can't really accept that sometimes I don't put butter on bread and drink water without ice cubes.
pops concert again tonight! <3
THAT'S AN ASS-TATE
Wow, that looks interesting! I wish they had a Kindle version. I can only handle 1 physical book at a time on top of ebooks.
Did you know that the local radio station WIOD’s call letters stand for Wonderful Isle of Dreams?
Great #marac plenary about historic buildings, some which I saw on the tours!'
Ahh ...I think I might just go on over to Bellagio and start my winnings!
Today in Invention History: George Westinghouse Jr patents the steam air brake, 1872
Happy Mother's Day!
Natural + organic ingredients should be the standard not the exception!
Heyy (: how are you?
New record tip. $200 from one girl!
u know I can't do the shots either...I don't act right lmao.
don't miss Weavers #nohitter!
okay. Why time?! IM SUPER HUNGRY
It is fast approaching the point where I don't want to elect anyone stupid enough to want the job.
Who wants to help me get more followers? (':
do you think the strom between Conway Springs & Wichita will reach southern WI & be just as strong?
Well, the holidays are over, so I guess I will get busy trying to figure out what I will do with myself. Take another crappy job? Hope not
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo pick their nose in public no1 wants to see u digging for gold!
almost an hour and no #TonyRobins ads #techradio Woot!
Exciting News! Metro Station will be performing at CityWalk on 12/8 with special guest, !
Stay fucked up not tryna go back to that old life
“All at once I was cast into a position of leadership, and it gave me more confidence in myself than I had ever had”
Let the world change you and you can change the world. (Deje el mundo cambiarle y usted puede cambiar el mundo.)
Why is is so good and top gear on the is so bad. Its like #brittanyspears or #snooki was the casting director.
Hm. The Soft Skull Press "submissions" link from Google takes you to a Canadian page selling... viagra. Perfect.
I hate that my soul always seeks revenge in the worst way but fuck it
Next we have Allan Adler, who represents the Association of American Publishers.
and before last night. Zombies at the
I love my job , I really do ..
Rehearsals all day today & tomorrow.
"Sarcasm" With my mom -_-
BC Eagles!
thank you Butterfly Radio!
I told myself I was going to get better at twitter in 2012. Somehow I got worse..
Look forward to seeing everyone at breakfast! 7 am in the Lafayette Ballroom.
Don't try to find love. Let love find you.<3
*leaves bedroom, heads downstairs. Starts toward kitchen.. stops, hearing voices.* I don't wanna interrupt. *sees sweater* a walk maybe
#Butler Vs #VCU #Final.??
wouldn't I have called you if I did?
What are your thoughts? Dues for Middle-Class SAG Actors, Most Dual Cardholders Would Decrease in Merger
Papa needs a breather, see you all in 20. Nice work, RCRD!! Excellent bout thus far
Is it a good thing or a bad thing for students to use social media to learn more about their instructor?
I wish the only person I have to talk to actually wanted to talk to me.
Its Hard Finding Something REAL ...
Tried attending ALA Tech Trends webinar. First audio issues, then got booted and couldn't get back in. Irony!
Panel highlights via : "Women 55+ are main drivers of social networking via mobile".
RT : 1:1 is an adv: "Teachers don't need to be a source of raw information anymore & they can finally actually teach"
loll that's exactly what i was thinking!!
CertainTeed just won supplier of the year from Insulate America
Waking up Mondays is so much easier when the #Packers are on MNF.
<\3 sorry that kids raw
I love my brother, he makes me food so that when I get home late I have something to eat :) <3
what's the big deal about this " twitter " ?
Happy now to say that my most recent Github pull request fixed gradient support in Opera.
~There's a luster from the city lights On the waves that kiss our feet And we're thinking of going in..#pachucasunrise#12/7/10
WTF if wrong with Ron and Frank? I mean, I love KA and everything, but signing her and NOT KDP?!?
we are working on it haha
"The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." - Earl of Beaconsfield
Not sure what it was for but a cop was walking along and every single one of them as I biked around had an envelope. Very strange.
Hi! I hope ur having a fun nite :-)
Hah i got you Post a pic on Twitter when you get it down
cause I didn't want to be in weak ass Milwaukee & come back around august & start Gettin ready for skool
please send me these all day.
Ha ha ha. That's a good one.
You're welcome Erin :) I'm happy to hear that. I'm doing very well myself, thanks for asking. :-)
Thank you, Razhan! Loving your blogspot site, by the way. Good reads.
RT Lawyers r concerned ab statute of limitations running on concussion claims. trying to work out a tolling agreement w
...There's always a Figure Competition ;)
Taco Bell, whose Doritos Locos Tacos debuted today, has produced 50 million Doritos taco shells for initial launch."
: #schools as part of the #city, trad'l #schoolyards as abandoned public space: big empty lots in every neighborhood
RT Privacy aside, Foursquare creeps me out with its gamification. Mayors? Greasy Spoon badges? Why should I care? #ttw12//cheers
Oregon State goes down in flames. My son has some explaining to do.
Heading to Boston to
Didn't notice a withdrawal. When I got to full decaf I lost my taste for that much coffee. Now it's a treat and always decaf.
At the office, open a word document, walk to the printer, realize you never clicked print.
Because of autocorrect in Lion, instead of sending misspelled emails, I send emails as if English is not my first language.
mmmkaaaayyy dont u have track tomorrow morning?
Henderson sheriff pursues government surplus equipment for county
it's not obv?
Ken Starr just called me and hung up...BUT THE CALL WAS COMING FROM INSIDE MY HOUSE!
The One That Got Away.
thanks! how's Milky White liking Westport??
Who's going to #Tax Section Annual May Meeting in Wash DC? Look for #PLC booth & resources. We'll keep you updated w/tweets, too.
Man the Eagles bad
Yes. But the end will not be satisfying. Its abrupt cancellation left people outraged and eventually led to the movie.
ive written 3 songs since our last session. I'm making it hard on cats. Like PAC I'm doing 1-2 songs a day!
First day of filming!
Finishing my basement, want to pre-wire for 2nd DirecTV receiver - where can I get info on how to do that?
Out of my mind... back in five minutes.
Thinks we need to stop arguing and go get a happy meal and discuss this like gentleman :p
It's been close to an hour and #AustinTo700K is still not trending! COME ON MAHOMIES! (:
Spending the night tonight at one of the most haunted locations in the country, Lemp Mansion.
Who's in NYC and wants to hang out today maybe get dumplings in china town?? hit me up!!
hey man ! One of our best yet. Fun night
team work; collaboration is hard sometimes but that's what film making entails
One less lonely girl <3
are you raising your hand for everything?
awesome! Our buddies from Planets Align will be playing too, it's gonna be a kick ass night.
can we put together a run?
Just left the studio with new chit is crazy
RT the past is over and is never coming back
set to sponsor party for the #AD trade May17th 7-9pm Unveiling my first new line " Matrix"by
I'm done associating with people.
I have It's On stuck in my head. D;
I brought wine to school today in my canteen....judge me
oh... That picture just made my Sunday morning! HA!
#raw10 a Man asked me 4 a token. I didnt know he was referring 2 a bus, I thought he meant Condoleezza Rice!
umm ... are unicorns "monsters"? that seems to defy the spirit of the name
haha sorry I have a big mouth! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
check out the #OVS cookbook!
Dude shot 40 percent for his career. Crazy impressive for a 6'2 point guard. It's a shame the league more or less banished him
Hopefully my day goes as i have planned for my mom. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>I love my mommy! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
university village in seattle :)
My tv just went out on me... Im fuckin pissed
See, now that's what I expect from the 3 of you. Properly done. Good job.
Got like 2 collective hours of sleep tonight and my roomie wants to wake and bake.. Yeah right it'll knock my ass right out
45min wait to pickup a package they failed to deliver in the first place. I now understand why the USPS is collapsing.
sounds good!
They are charming boys! RT : " are so popular that another director is skipping the screening of his own film."
In the proliferation of private weaponry, the US resembles Lebanon and Afghanistan more than GB or the Netherlands. (Tilly 1992)
Cant see why , but i killing myself , when i already dead X-(
So glad is all about the #FF love! We love her back (and love her #FF of too).
im loosing followers..
I feel ya, girl!
I am without a doubt the biggest fan of alive
RIP Maurice Sendak
the ironic thing is companies lie about the attractiveness of jobs all the time, but that's ok.
they said what you said was rude and that bullying doesn't just happen in middle school. It's not necessarily shit talking
:D Thanks :D
Come #Kings finish #Stl off for a sweep.
yeah k but I don't like chips ;) xx
"This cold night will turn us all to fools and madmen." - King Lear, 3.4
Hard work is the garment of those who do not labor but seek out destiny and find their purpose in life.
There's good 'ole Ed Hightower putting himself in the middle of the Norfolk State / Missouri game. Was that really a jump ball ?
Looking for Network Programmers interested in #Europe #Dallas #austin and
^es there comes a time as a business women when you realize you can't do it all. That's when you hire an assistant...shout out to Tamarsha
Hurriquake party is on!
come tomorrow st Pattys ... will be here!!!
Good Jobs Speech by the President. Time for Congress to get to work! Time for politics to step aside! Time to make America
haha okay :) btw, Jo & Ri are welcome up here for the game on Sunday
Guyss why are you unfollowing me? :c
#SongsPlayedDuringSex dick in a box
#ImSingleBecause One Direction hasn't met me yet.
Have Mark Cuban trade him to the Spurs during the off season.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
yup yup
follow back? reppin' pittsburgh :)
it was tasty. I could definitely do that again!
I used to live in Edale
WTF you staring at bitch.?!
YES! Penises! - "Salo" in tweet form
That Nasty Moment When You See Someone With Armpit Stains. -_____-
#NewMaterial Is on the way!!! A FOOL BEEN COOKIN'
they should move the hornets back to Charlotte and move the bobcats to seattle so they can become the new Seattle sonics.
15-20 bucks is typically my price point. Over that it has to be a really good shirt.
those things are spam and viruses and u posted them alot
It features automatic full-text indexing of content, regardless of originating organization, to creata a unified online search experience.
Ok, I know we will never agree, but I did have fun debating. See you at the polls
Two hour workout & now I want a god fudge sundae. I guess that would be totally counterproductive. Oh well yogurt here I come!
Bronson Pinchot is also giving a quality performance. My god. I wanna watch Perfect Strangers!
Carpet Cleaning ? Revolutionary Cleaning provides reliable, high quality residential, commercial, and industrial cleaning services.
I havnt heard or seen anything?
Fuck man... I'm really of this boring ass lifestyle, I wanna start flossing and floss hard
When people such as Steve Jobs leave us, their impact lives on forever!
Coincidence of project due date: On the anniversary of San Jacinto, working on web project about that battle's aftermath. Nice.
Jk why am i up
Very cool!
Writing a review of A Masked Ball in between Facebook updates.
Yay! New MacBook Pro is here! Getting it all set up right now.
#DirectionersAreReadyForMoreThanThis yeah! all directioners are ready! omg! I cant wait!! njceiufboe*__*
We just got back from presenting our ideas to the Ohio Judicial Conference. Hopefully we land the project...wish us luck!
transition the slate/from ice to a more solid stress the/mirror images/collide in fragments of a longer day/the atoms drain/the dawn
Workplace overrun w/ #Badgers? Take a group pic & Tweet it to for #UWSpiritDay! Show 'em how we roll in the nation's capital!
Friday who knows but Albany Saturday ok
Dear Football gods, please deliver a solid cover CB to my #DetroitLions. Another solid OL & RB would be nice, but I'm not greedy.
Get JUICED UP with Meech Dogg on you tube Meech Dogg JUICED UP thanks.
despite an awesome run this morning Monday is NOT my favorite day
Free teeth whitening for life when you are a patient at Silicon Valley Smile Center. (408) 247-8080
lol... Bacon milkshake...
ouch! What did you get?
in reference to my earlier comments, I think your selection is pretty damn good and much more popular than mine would be.
why are you the one i want?
Obama and Romney would MUCH prefer if gay marriage would go away and no one would talk about it. Very toxic issue for both camps.
RT : Tonight's #LinkedInChat at 8 PM EDST will discuss dealing w/ different personalities using LI...
C'MON ARSENAL!!
oh ho Coach is now following me !! better clean up my act
Know that emptiness is an illusion. No matter how much you have suffered, your soul sees you as whole.
Way too cold, get the theraflu.
thanks for the follow!
Retina display on the new iPad.
You must understand that even though a person loves you, you must consider the fact that you're not the only one who makes him/her happy.
Our list of things needed starts of with Go-Kart rides.
JT: An excellent choice. We see their work & their successes year after year. We know Shea, and we endorse.
RT : I don't have an attitude problem. I have an attitude that you have a problem with.
New Tracks uploading right....meow...
why am i following somebody named queen bang a bitch?
haha, sorry about that, I'm a little to young to get that one!
My mom's a big buthole. I REALLY wanted to drive to school today. WHY WONT SHE GET ME INSURANCE.
Anderson Mio's Heat as well! QT : Heading to UC baseball, with Casey's team...the Northern Kentucky Phoenix.
almost 3k followers. I had 800 when my album dropped April 22nd..
Academize.com in private beta now.
Sorry you had to wait in line, hope it was worth the wait. ;)
Haven't been on lately :/ So, what goes on?
I kinda wanna be more than friends
Just spent the past 4min building a pro/con as to whether or not Trader Joe's fruit floes are a suitable wedding dessert
Fear! Not realizing that there is space for each of them because their style is definitely not everyone's cup of tea
Don't know what to cook for dinner..
Niggas Give Me # Im a Trending Topic
Shoutout to all my new followers...
I just started using Twitter this week. Looking forward to sharing Lincoln's faith with people. He understood well the sovereignty of God.
Hey beautiful x
Pacific Coast Academy...
Thanks for the shout out!
oh, phew. I always worry in situations like this that it’ll just turn out to be a case of PEBKAC.
I rather have an honest enemy than a fake friend.
Fasting and praying for my family, my kindred friend, my church, my community, my city, my country ....
Watched drita on #Mobwives. She gets no respect for "trying" 2 rap. I know niggaz out here grindin & hungry 2 be heard. & here she go <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
When Raw drops below a 3 during the next few wks, maybe VKM & co will be smart enough to tap into the mind of a genius
I should probably start posting on here..
uh , Happy Birthday :D
kill Kevin Durant for me...
My cat is snuggling next to me and I don't want to disturb him by getting up.
I can't handle life right now.
We need that benchMOB we seen all year!
4 am on Paris #WTF i still up ... Need party .. Call my girls and go out .. Chillin at the bar ? Like last night
want to come over around 7:30?
Hyperventilating. Everyone use your 11 wishes on me tomorrow!
where did the storms run off to last night and today in eastern Racine county?
7:26 and starting to get light. Come one daylight savings - need the early morning lake time.
anything bad/:?
Haha I know , but alright forsure!!
That is a STRIKE!
Shout out to Follow her!(:
No! for the last time stop asking if i am drunk… I am not drunk! Who would name their kid drunk?
At the Paley center in Beverly Hills. It feels great to learn about the history of film and television.
Visit Victoria at #HowardUniversity today for the #Mid-Atlantic Pre-law Conference!
Better than my old one of him biting and fist-bumping. RT May I suggest changing it to "I'm driving the bus to Flavor Town?"
look up "u ain't shit!" watch ya face pop up. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Is civility overrated? Some of the most successful leaders are the least civil, unfortunately. Too often civility is viewed as weakness.
#Tulsa #AlmostFreeFood RT : Anyone mentions this tweet gets a buy one get one half price
I love my co workers already! Bringing me elotes, tamales, and mango slices with salt n chili powder yummy
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl
Actually we don't use captcha anywhere anymore! Glad that you joined us!
thank u
I'm Dat Chick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Make "1,000 Dollars A Week From Home" no bullshyt. Hit me up and let's do it. I don't play about money. And I don't like working for people.
Responded to FIRE @ 347 Demorest Avenue, Staten Island, NY 10314 and helped 2 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
There was a time when my world was filled with darkness.
Hit em with the flex when they hand you your diploma lmao RT Graduation! 2pm!
Look at that as
We become what we think about, conversely, the man with no goal or direction will forever be lost at sea like a ship with no capt. or crew.
Right this moment, I am in #Cupertino. I can see a rainbow but hear helicopters. God help us.
That awkward moment when your mom says she wants to join twitter...
yes. Were beta testing now. :)
First 3 people to walk into the proshop at 9:00 am March 16th 2011 get a free 9 hole pass. Must mention this tweet!
I feel horrible. I'm going to bed.
would you have time to talk tech? Talking new tech, edtech, etc.
We need a local deals business that displays ads in video games/MMOs based on user IP. Maybe it already exists
So there is a chance? GOOD!!!
DC taxicab commission lifts fare caps. That seems good for longer rides. Now do I get discounts when drivers don't know where to go?
oh...he's really Xpac....and that shit was really funny Shiek
lol kiss u back ;) I go off bye <3
Already on my second cup of coffee and it's not even 10 am yet....
cant sleep...im really bouta have a nervous breakdown
when do we entertain taking dee out of leadoff?
Finally going home from school!:)
nice alliteration.
What up fam thanks for the follow. You need any beats?
I love my local , the Baristas are so friendly and know how to get the morning moving!
I keep my shit in my septic tank.
#fistpumps for the immediate future..... Night Night Beauties!!!
i think a jar of nutella is a good metaphor for my life, for i am eating both things away, quickly.
Life?s challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they?re supposed to help you discover who you are. Bernice Johnson Reagon
No wonder Consumerist voted you worst company in America, just put the damn jerseys in the game. Don't make me buy them...
I Think Of You On Two Occasions
damn I wasnt thinking. Too much in awe
thank you! Got a day ahead of myself!
Experts expect tight Presidential race in NC - The Virginian-Pilot
|#quotes Most newspaper companies still have their heads in the sand, but other media companies are aggressive.
Im getting anxious
Paying attention both online & offline w/ true desire to serve client will fuel creative juices & make everyone happy.
most amazing thing about hosting a NYE party? cleaning while listening to 120 minutes. For other Aussies, it's like Rage. INXS JUST CAME ON!
Holidays are another tax implemented by the government to generate cashflow
haha yes it is (:
I'm watching my very first episode of right now. I have no idea what's going on! lol
im not heather
i think that for me, getting an Art degree was an extension of saying the words I need to say. Children's lit needs me. :)
please follow me? I went to teen hoot and you were amazing <33
Roenicke worried about how Weeks will settle into #2 spot. Really? Cant be worse than his April leadoff numbers, right?
": One more loyal person go follow ---> for me please =)"
Home again, home again.
ITS CRAZY, I thought it was like 2 years ago.
We have brand new kitchen aid stainless steel professional series island hood vents @ Wash Co Restore pic...
Working hard at 's Leadership in a Sales Organization conference! Great to see our members here.
Welcome to Twitter!
when I hear "Dow" I think Dow Day (1967 anti war protest gone bad). But, then again, I'm in Madison, wi.
I think she wanted us to weigh in on whether or not it is trashy...
Maybe This Wednesday, But Then I Still Have To Wear A Boot And Go Through Therapy "/
I am now haunted by the fact that Clint Eastwood probably won't make it through the 3rd quarter.
Ok, whoever this is that keeps parking in my spot is really testing my gangster #whatisthis?
#FMG MONEY GANG WAT IT DO YOUNG FLY MONEY wagoody nigga GET IT IN JONES was goody my nigga
I remember when I used to distract you by being awesome.
Good one!When i`m happy i am singing that line all of the time!It`s simple,that is my lucky line!
Thanks for the shout outs everyone!
Sold out crowd for lecture by former 4-Her Drew Gilpin Faust on Civil War scholarship.
#kids Charlotte's Web at Artisan Center Theater, Sat, May 12 10:00a: All the enchanting characters are here in this beautiful, knowing...
those aren't men ..... At least not their mentality
Dude, fuck your grandma's cookbook. Superfuck it.
San Diego choices of #wine storage facilities include and Cool places to store your wine collection!
Thrash and Burn.
You'd think that I'd learn my lesson by now, you'd think that I'd somehow figure out
same here:))
Fort Lauderdale/Hollywood Intl. Arpt. closed today for a few hours do to a substance found.
haha yeah that was awesome C: True. Next time has to be there! :D
Everywhere, where there are mortals. Time is measured by your own existence.
hell yes. Josh is going to get paid.
I can NOT believe this!
I didn't even like twitter until turned me onto it. This tweet is one reason why!
yummy! still recovering from mine lol when do u get back to la? :)
GS and MS?
Hi Armingga, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
Someones outside my house
Idk y iGo thru rounds of bs fa sumbdy ta come off like I'm wrong. That shit is FINISHED!
RT : RT : TONIGHT! "The Artisan Collection - Grand Opening Event" - Downtown Miami at Christ Fellowship Downtown...
has anyone told you lately that your facial hair is perfect?
Gearing up for Print 09 in Chicago visit me in the Xerox booth everyday at 1-2:30 local time in the XMPie area.
Anyone you know interviewing virtually for a job or project? Share this link with them for things to consider
When in a relationship it takes two to make it happen!!~
Why is that when I book a flight, no more than 48 hours later the airfare drops $50? Had I not bought then the airfare would have gone up!!
Twestival flashmob details are now solid! Contact us if you would like in on the fun!
I just shredded so many papered that my shredder overheated 3 times. Ridiculous. Glad I finally got one
Dear Sam, have a seat. Right. NOW!!
Oh, I'll try to stump them. ;) The hardest one for me has always been lemon liniment.
I almost stiff armed the shit out of this lady. From my side view it looked like she was running straight for me.
#FF shout out to some of my favorite Alaska Tweeps - , , ,
but still in anyway,,i will never abandon TVD family !!!!i love you
#Vinylmation is not what it used to be for us from a collecting stand point anymore. Too much, too soon and close together.
Sure did! Was a lot of creepy fun. Curious to hear what you think... " you filmed something I wrote last night?!?!"
Gitelman wants to look at leaflets stapled to utility poles as anarchic cultural products but also as electronic communications.
pretending that there's not an effort by the elite to further increase their control of the economy is ostrich-syndrome.
Thinking about painting my apartment
Exactly! :) RT : Possibility? Is that on the corner of What If and Hm? RT "I dwell in possibility." - Emily Dickinson
Too much air blowing on me
Chicken and dumplings!
I need 2 start wrking out...
Root Sports didn't show their box, it was close. His habit of taking 1st pitch & hacking the 2nd one is irritating.
Thanks for the RT and for all of YOUR continued support as well!
Fox will not confirm that Britney Spears and Demi Lovato is joining The X Factor.
And the show floor is open!
Actress Freida Pinto spent hours online researching chimpanzees to prepare for her role in Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes.
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 57
Having a productive day:)
btw, seems like we're overdue for a fpdc outing, especially as it slowly starts to get warmer
Where is that? Lol Canada confuses me lol.
Giving thanks for family, wonderful colleagues in higher education, and new partners to be on our transformational journey.
You live with some yutz?
is looking for DEV PARTNERS for GAME & INTERACTIVE... licensed & original IP... Joint pitch to major publisher coming up!!!
Judging a book by it's cover, I think they went 2-0 for
After my healthy kick is over, we should enjoy a
Do they have Which Which in Canada?! If not it would be a great franchise idea. Best sandwich joint IMO!
Jerzday.....My guilty pleasure!
Haha. Thanks buddy! I'll be sure to also fax a "thank you" back.
whats good babe, havent seen you in a while holla at me, lets hook up... i miss my budd..
No #tigerblood in the veins RT I'm 94% bothered by lady gaga. Seriously, what is wrong with her?
Phone actin gay <
Going to Pakistan on Monday
I'm about to Christmas tree this and that's how much of a care I don't give.
Bout to kick butt in
n problem - good luck!
Looking for affordable #therapy? We serve couples, families, and individuals in #Denver www.denverfamilyinstitute.org
#2ThingsIAppreciate Loyalty & Respect <U+E022>
Lesson of the day: if you bring your kids to a sports bar, you do not get to stare at me of I curse in front of them. That's on you.
i've known many middle-aged chinese men but i'm not sure how it'd mash. leave the bones in and grind it to break it down?
did you get a pair?
that FAM love him like a brother tell him I said hold his head<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
#HAHA! RT via : For the second time in under a week, an iPhone has exploded. Now I want the one that explodes.
DROPING NEW TRACK TONIGHT! Keep an eye on my tweets. This song is hot, I promise.
thunder lost to da wizards smh
Get em Trinity...
To be clear, the "I" part is a given. It's the "attending audience" part that is the unknown variable.
Got my apartment <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
good shit 50. if i had a million dollars, id buy you a house and throw some furniture in there. haha.
Hey, remember that Google + thing? That was great.
alright I just sent you a request. Let's team up
The tongue of a bad friend cuts more than a knife. - Spanish Proverb
he's only human
Great day to be spinning outside! RT : RT : Relax Mondays!
I prefer to call it Jarrod Uthoff: The Never-Ending Transfer Story.
My teacher pays more attention to his iphone rather than his students.
WEPromote thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
thanks for the shout, glad you like my work!
Both of us have been crazy busy with work and traveling! More updates soon. And of you haven't received your prize yet, you will soon!
Almost on set try'n to see if I can get 1 of these PA's to run to 53rd and 6th and get me that Egyptian chicken and rice...so good...
was great to you all last night!
Never a first choice always second. \m/
Sounds pretty nice! Let me know if you need anyone to sample whatever you'd be grilling :)
The Rejuvenation Facial includes a 90 min session that works with your Chakra system to relax your body and remove stress-www.crowdclick.com
To my favorite teacher who told me never give up. To my fifth grade crush who I thought I really loved.
Our services include: Residential & Commercial Cleaning, Basement & Garage Clean Outs, Foreclosure Clean Ups, & Carpet Cleaning
well I saw one car in the woods
RT is a crook. We need to get rid of him, and take back the Senate in Wisconsin. r
Thank you very much! :)
#RT NEED A NEW BOYFRIEND
Its Too Windy Out :/
If you are arriving this AM there is still time to sign up for John Huss W/S on how to infuse research-based humor into the classroom at 1PM
Miranda and I thank you for the shout-out! :) And she's still packing her Baby Browning ...
Great, thanks! Your pins are spreading like mad!
Turtle is a funny word Idk why?
Beautiful weather, longer days. Community Center playing outside EMP last night has us convinced we need to take it to streets this summer.
I hope you have a great Labor Day weekend!
thanx for the follow :)
Hey Jonathan, are you by chance headed to Coachella this weekend?-Nate
"that song is delicious"
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE UNFOLLOW ME. Make up that mind.
MY BIRTHDAY TOMORROW!!! :)
So exciting! I ordered it for the shop! Can't wait to read it!
Man, must have gone up over the last year. Boo.
12 hours ... I guess my days ALMOST half over!
Um yeah...that's one interpretation.
just coerce them into buying you shots.
Leaving someone at the alter is one of the lowest things a person can do.
Frustrating. I want my Bronx Bombers back!
Team Health Holdings Inc. Announces First Quarter 2012 Financial Results - MarketWatch (press release)
#askniall Do you and the boys like cookie cake? If so, I'm bringing some to Detroit tomorrow ;)
After much thought, am thinking I'll just have some Twinkies ;)
I somehow missed your tweet with the picture until now...OMG, what an adorable duo! I hope everyone is adjusting well. ;)
Have no expectations of anybody.This avoids disappointment when they aren't who you thought they were
I completely agree!!!
": Dipping your fingers in melted wax and then peeling it off when it dries up."
In the morning to Novi. But Roseville in a couple of weeks.
James is da man!
Just relax ya know.
i could REALLY go for some orange chicken from Panda Express D: #hungry!
Sessions for InnoTech Austin are being decided now. What are your top 5 tech topics you want to learn more about?
God I wish I could be at the BC tonight cheering on my team! Why soccer practice why?
Ali G is hilarious.
MettaWorldWar was suspended 7 games! No more
#telljimmy I think Jimmy was wrong about She done amazing on both songs. He was wrong.
Seeing that Aaron #Sorkin is going to write the Steve Jobs' biopic. Nice.
I'M GETTIN' PAPER :P
tatooo!! Call me asap
let me check with and I'll get back to u
Join us Feb. 7th w/ for Friends & Family Night! 5p to close, minors until 9pm. $5 cover for band!
Some feelings never change..
Is it weird to talk to yourself sometimes?
Hash tag for Library Advocacy Day
. If he tries to stay home at that age he will get a EXEC_BAD_ACESS ;-)
i am coming home Saturday but i dont have time
I aint download it yet but you know i will RT Bro have you heard my NEW! #mixtape?
U DO DA SAME HOMIE KEEP GOD 1ST RT : Good 2 hear! Excellent way 2 b! I'm #Blessed as well bruh!
RT : Happy Birthday, John. 50 looks good on ya'! Cheers!>>>>Thanks, Squirell!
Are you complaining about a blessing?
RT RT! Come by support your local guitar store!
Make da money fast.. Count it slow
Demaio would say that this Captain who was killed in the line of duty protecting the public deserves "no better, no worse"
I'll be there Friday :)
Well, That's good. Sounds fun and exciting.
You ARE new. Pick up those turnips that fell off next to you.
everything is cool!!! What's new with u boo
Finally saw Source Code. Among its many assets is the great Jeffery Wright. Duncan, keep up the good work!
awhh thanks you are too!!
let me know if you need a drop and how you're feelin the record.
Depressed mood right now.... feelings are a funny thing, but not so funny when they involve people you like.
Class sounds interesting! I was fascinated and repelled by that commercial when I saw it. :)
tell me about it... Better cover up my wrists during that lol
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a dream.
haha im sorry! im just kidding around. that's a quote from anchorman.
HOLY GOD AUSTREAM/USTREAM WAS AMAZING!! Happy new year austin!!!!!
I really like the new entryway for the Pandas and the new Asian menu at Canyon Cafe.
hey, i have a new twitter handle!
Thanks for the RTs & shout outs, hope you found something nice at the Columbia City Farmer Market.
Sometimes you just have to walk away...
your welcome :)
Im horny
Heading to The Grove for fireworks, tree lighting & snow tonight!
The White Stripes : The Von Bondies :: Prince : The Time
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love. Sophocles (496 BC - 406 BC)
Chelsea Handler in DC June 11 @ DAR Constitution Hall
LOL that's hilarious, as long as we don't start ref "I like Ike" and 23skiddoo we should be fine ...
Damn San Fran
Just left the HQ after having some great conversations on the role of business in catalyzing social change
IKEA Pax Sliding Door Wardrobes - Design Ideas and Reviews - wardrobes furniture
@ can't wait to see it! Now go root on your squad!
Dear Santa, All I want for Christmas is a World Series Championship. Your Pal, Slugger P.S. Powder Blue > Red.
Aw! I miss you guys too! always had great sayings for every situation!
Husker hoops recruit is heading elsewhere
What is the thinnest book in the world? What Men Know About Women
can't believe this what happen boston
Never tried Bagel Factory. Hunting for friend who visited this weekend, got NY bagels, now in STL craving, and told me Panera.
Jebus....Birdman's lookin like a red headed santa clause on crack! my goodness... #letsplayballboys!
hell yeah! I'll be there!
haha aw <3 and nope im nice till something goes bad lol and anyways youre like million miles away ralf!! >.<
me are your biggest fans we will always support you! X<3
"I'm not interested in preserving the status quo; I want to overthrow it."~Niccolo Machiavelli
I'm at my desk. I'm telling you this because I am better than any app that tells you where I am.
I really like col 3:16 as a reference for what an assembly of believers should be
Leadership : Nehemiah led thru intense compassion. If u can't weep with people; you can't lead. Rev. John Jenkins #CLA2012 Leadership
BREAKING NEWS: It turns out, that Trick in fact, loves the kids.
idk wat i wanna eat but im hungry
So I Just Realized Drinking Is Not My Thing(Last Night CRAZY)In That Case Someone Pass Me A Blunt!!!
Raleigh animal control joins all other Wake an cntrols in taking animals to Wake Co shltr. We'll pull mostly from there. Excited!
Gingerbread and riesling sound like a fun combo! :)
I'm ready!
What's better than one cat ... racism
Shame is relative.
my little brother is teaching me history :o i feel so stupid ..
you ARE brilliant after all!
Do you have a mantra you repeat to yourself when things get tough? Please share with me!
#FF Thank you for the mention :)
please help reign in OReilly! His gas diatribe is awful economics and pandering at its worst. He is far better than this.
Wtf is up with Cee Lo and that white cat? #TheVoice!
Thanks! The auto-settings are nice shortcuts, but I rely on them too much.
Niall: If im louder would you see me? Spongebob: I cant hear you its too dark in here! LOL!
Client picks are kicking butt..! What were they thinking PIT O/U 12.5?! I think it's TWITTER's turn now!
WHEN ARE WE HANGING OUT?
where u at?
I really hate when I have a phone interview at 9am and its now 9:15am and they still have yet to call me...
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Im glad u got there safe sexy mami! Im a huge fan of yours & u r the hottest petite woman in porn today XOXO
you're a good guy, John Moe
2011 Whirlwind Bike rental rates now online @ www.corythebikefixer.com
Mr Burrell, good to know we can still party at Mauna Loa for another year sick!!!!
Tip 3: Wealth - Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
I'm never more embarrassed then when I light a cigarette on the wrong end and TAKE A DRAG. Oh, whiskey.
Dear Tyhir, Please get your feet out my neck so I can get some sleep...
Had a ton of fun checking out The Trailer Park Boys tonight!
thanks to for his recommendations last fall. New website incorporates mapping!
There is no greater treasure than the respect and love of a true friend.
Happy Thursday to all! I hope you have a great Thursday!!
new twitcon though
How have your blogs been going? I've been meaning to ask you about them!
i use paul mitchell root lifter first , then just regular moose & strunchh . Then root lifter again. Then just hairsprayy it (:
what would you suggest? Lower back, hips out of alignment...please don't say exercise, eating right and weight loss.
Anything is fair game, now that
So much fun! Thanks 4 inviting me. Let's hang out again soon! :-)
happy holidays everyone
I'd still love to see you write about our convo when we met -- how do you feel when smaller women call themselves fat?
could be the first election lost to fandom! Good job stupid!
I hate nights like these.. not sleepy. #can'tsleep
Me and Katrina and the Waves ;) RT : Who's walking on sunshine??
Rode my fixie, in matching Adidas/Vespa ensemble, to buy a yoga mat at Walmart that I carried home in my Timbuk2. I have totally sold out.
Yes!! Thursday's played FLOAT ON when I first came in, then Under Pressure, now a lil Edward Sharpe
disbelief at decisions made, setting people up to fail...smh gonna sit back and enjoy my prediction
It is pretty cool. I may need to re-watch this morning.
Today you are living your purpose whether consciously or unconsciously.
follow back? Please
I am SO so so so embarrassed that I cried today. -.- :(
no she "forgot", 1 of her downfalls as a parent as well.she forgets everything. a wonder she hasnt forgotten blake at a store
Life will keep bringing you the same test, over and over again til you pass it...
RT :A man came to movie too early &chose to check out instead!Loved it & Accepted Christ for 1st time!//YES!
visualization is something you can easily control in your mental game and it's an easy place to start
Justin Bieber Of Course
ohh, i see. i had coffee from mine, this morning
It's 7 in the morning on a Sunday and I just added animated gif support for my Android.
I def be thinking that when I see the apple logo good stuff YungN thought it was just me!
dan wanted me to tell you that he thinks napkin is a good word but isosceles is more superior
Well started out a lazy day but going to the bank to get money to see how I can go spend it lol maybe T-Bird skate park later tonite..
and you are dressed like a whore again too.
#SOPA Does anyone know the status as of now? Are the elected officials even listening to us? Do we need to start physical protests?
I could get used to Saturday morning drinking and watching some english football. Ill have to make this a habit
that's just too cool
I didnt know i was an asshole :( better yet the biggest asshole ever :'(
miss you to!
I Hear Music weekend 2012 is on the way to Cincinnati,Ohio May 18th -20th 2012. You don't want to miss it.
I kept up with it all. From Laguna, to the Hills, and even Newport!
I'm the Carolina's, so itching to get to a spot where they don't abuse 'the right 2 wk' w/ no pay
I can't be there for you all the time. Other people need me too.
just saw that you will be headlining on July 3rd.
RT: : Red Dot tickets on sale now! $75 per ticket. Call 227.6960.
It's HERE. GAME TIME!!! In the immortal words of Rick Flair "WHO"
#faded as a motherfucker
Im from Morocco, Africa and im proud it.
Yeah, I believe so.
thanks for the retweet
I had to read that twice. At first glance I thought it said S&M! Hahaha... ;-}
Antioch Communion worship service - This Do. A great day to be alive.
I would like to hear more of your story.
Nerds seem to be reading more fashion blogs these days.
hey babe<3
Come Here (Baby) Cause We Go Hand In Hand Like (Clap Clap Clap) Round Of Applause !! $$$$$
Hello twitter, been neglectful of you.
Hi, It's our pleasure. Thanks. :-)
Ny mum can be so incomprehensible sometimes. Uh
yhu r cutie
Urge is - "I have to get onto #Pinterest!" says But, is our audience there and do I have visuals?
How does #Illini have 2 First Rounders after their 2011 season? I accept 3 Boise, but 2 Illini?
GOCard system was upgraded this week and debit functions were transferred. Call DPS with any issues. 202-687-4343.
It's been bad.
definitely "Oh Bravo!"
Watchn the tigers
Hey San Diego folks, what's the best old school style tiki bar in the area?
Trying to make someone fall in love with you, is almost as pointless as trying to control who you fall in love with... DOWN LOVE FEWR...
Still drunk
Fringe is awesome!! I can't believe they're trying to kill it with the Friday night slot!
I remember MY first paycheck!
Practice makes perfect. RT Good luck being one of them classy broads
Why? Cause we're loving the crew<3
Más que one hundred Boston Volunteers joined this month. We're lucky that volunteering is a very Boston thing to do. #Boston #DoGood Pls RT!
How to Use Click Bank in Your Blog -justsmellsogood.com www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
DANG he a real goon
As soon as my team starts asking me about wild mushrooms my productivty plummets. I could talk about morchella and boletus edulis all day.
Olly Murrs with One Direction in America this summer? COULD NOT GET ANY BETTER<3
I also fear this path. Not because it's PHP, but because of the wild uploads my code is sure to get from users :-/
Going to see the king in Memphis this morning
#spurs got it right?
Insomnia is no fun
I'm glad & I don't have any noticeable stains on our clothes. That was some random close up. Sorry!
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
I have one goal for this beautiful Saturday - Chocolate Sea Salt !
Hey people, check out my verified accounts list I made. It's all the verified accounts following me =) I'll update it with any more!
thanks Britney!
found an article about your iPad-based setup on Very cool! Have you checked out the #lemur app?
Deal of the day, One hour customized facial $55.00 A $10.00 savings! Space is limited, Call 360-687-0778
The link doesn't work guys.
Thunderstorms possible and a big warmup on tap for Thurs. Temps could reach the 80s in most places.
NO. Don't you even say it.
At least my phone isn't proprietary
We should get a Twitter trend started #healthyliving. It's so important! (:
duly noted! lol
what does your organization do?
#FOLLOWnGAIN as many followers is a follower could follow ;)
Word of the day: Ambivert. Handy at times of indecision.
I wish my time with her didn't have to end...
follow my friends! !!
Somebody hit my car while me and my nephew was in it!!
Officially Dine with College
Life is like a bull, you have to take it by the horns, even if you’re thrown around, get up and go again
people think this cuz u don't have a shirt on! Hehe ;)
Romney on 700 Club, not exactly tossing red meat on #ssm: "I think ppl of diff backgrounds have diff issues that they find most compelling."
Im bored.
Well she should be thankful that shes getting this kinda exposure...compared to her normal outreach of 34 followers.
MT : A4: has launched a blog called History There is a Grad Student/New prof section. I'm an editor.
wine in kegs?
"To forget, I will venture to say, to get one's history wrong, these are essential factors in the making of a nation." Joseph-Ernest Renan
Thanks4recent offers2endorse products.Please be realistic though.I would have2use or like ur product along w/being financially compensated!
So glad you like the article on #LeanringTransfer. I'm now following u & & look forward to UR tweets
I can talk to her all night:)
You know who to talk to to make that happen! :-)
Going to Grandparents' Day at Molly & Emma's school. Missing my parents and wishing they could be here but so glad Jeanne's mom could come!
- thanks mang CHEERS!!
I get a cut when you're famous!
Atta kid George Kottaras. I seriously love both Brewers catchers, Kottaras "The Accountant" & of course Lucroy.
Glad your joining us for Hall of Fame event on June 5th. I need a mailing address to send the invite.
Today is suppose to be "Good Riddenings Day", what bad memory from 2011 do you want to throw away?
Wow! My neighbor kinda scares me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
not yet
Jeremy Kyle is the one with this family
oh, honey. Marriage is not all that it's cracked up to be, especially if you're a woman with a strong personality.
Hey meh hehe this is fun!
. ranked 21st in USA Today/ESPN Coaches' poll. UNLV falls to No. 20, SDSU No. 25.
I know. Gotta love Michelle!
Saddened. Guess they felt like they did what they had to do, but still...
#NueskesLover The Bacon Lover's Gift Basket is the ultimate bacon compilation!
whts up wit my verse on "same shit new day"
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust11
Happy Tuesday! It's chilly here in WI today!
Doesn't matter what happens tomorrow..The Fisk home run is still remembered in Boston despite our loss in Game 7..
Am I obsessed? No, I'm dedicated. There's a difference, brah.
I used to have a great job at Olive Garden until some lady asked me to toss her salad.
YOU ARE CORRECT! Sorry, I confused the trip to Atlas by Marquez with that 1st match & I knew we just played Atlante reserves
okay good
I should have never gotten out of bed this morning
Fifty-five CEOs in #VistageAllCity in CLT meeting to improve their results and be better leaders.
I guess.
love you :)
i spend money like no other
how am I supposed to contact you? You can go to graphics and ask someone there to help you too.
Every single night at the same time I hear someone SLAM a toilet seat cover down. Is it a four year old or a passive-aggressive husband?
I'd suggest: North Korean Statues and Chinese Roads - Asian investment in West Africa
i fucking love it.
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA sorry I am waiting for my mom so we can watch
"I like big data and I cannot lie" says during D3 tutorial at
Good luck to DSM clients @ and at the #SymetraTour event in Mexico this week.
pregnant WHAT!! omg! #startingrumors ;)
Spalding takes 1st lead of game behind 2 runs in the B2. Kyle Meadors' RBI hit and Derek Ferch reaching on error put Eagles up 3-2.
Let's go Caps!
suck it up with the vacuum! that's what I did to this one super gross red spider the other week.
That jealous moment when you're texting a guy you sort of kind of like & he starts talking about his girlfriend........
Looking for STAND or UEG gear and merchandise? Come find or for sweet deals!
": Once u lie to me ONCE...i start too question EVERYTHING you ever said.!!"
Tuesdays are for tacos! Get a hard or soft shell taco made just the way you like it at Paco's today! HAPPY TACO TUESDAY everyone!
wow is that your car? are you ok?
RT : SNEAK PEAK: 2012 Green Flash Concert Line-up (still waiting to confirm June). Major promos begin 4/16. Buy tickets...
#sometimesyouhaveto moan , if u got to moan , moan!! the vecinos, boring sex is worst
Hmm ... that might be more difficult for me!
I enjoy pissing off Eminem fans. lmao
Slow metabolism after a weekend of alcohol/indulgences? Try reflexology to expunge those toxins and restore homeostasis....
Amazing news... back in #Pittsburgh this summer, and a bunch of other shows close to home!!!
#30WaysToMakeABoySmile edible panties
RT be safe ladies we will!! Love u mama hen!
This NBA season couldn't get more hectic, now we have more new players trying to learn their roles and Skiles' riding them the entire way.
Hey! I'm actually covering for the mag this weekend *WaaHoo* but upon my return, surely!
WI scores first with a nice move on the baseline.
This time you should take me away <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Maybe the best #Badgers student chant of the year! "Bruce, get off the court". Gotta love @ Kohl Center
Thanks for the love. We'll see you there tonight.
Screw you ABC for interrupting #BodyofProof with your stupid election update. Not an ad, but the freaking show. Idiots.
tequila, preferably in a blended margarita with lots of lime and salt
Lunch with Scott & Larry. Nice to keep in touch with the best screenwriters in Hollywood.
When The #HATING Dont Work They Tell #LIES On Ya!
get that chicken
Nice colors!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!111
Hopefully not a hot mess!
Glad you're excited for #JAM2012! We look forward to seeing your events & receiving poster requests via .
People be IG'ing like fuck, smh i don't be having that much to take pics of, people on that bitch uploading 10+ pics a day and shit smh
say dat again
happy birthday Philip Glass!
What are you doing for the Superbowl?
im going to a storage auction ... this is gunna be so fun om,g
I love you. Smile. Putt putting tonight no matter what
"I wish to stay here, Harry!" OMG. I'm going to go cry. LOL.
Just a few more hours to get your 50% off a Rejuvenation Facial at Wauwatosa Wellness center on www.crowdclick.com -don't let it pass you by
That's a great video! I think your Krampus tradition is so fun, I'd never heard of it before last year. Thanks for sharing!
EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE A WILL PACKAGE, ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM IS OFFERING A FREE PACKAGE, EMAIL TO
Hm is right. Looks like that seeding project in Bristol worked.
done!! If u know what I mean when I say that! :)
who's to say he didn't PED then. I'm not faulting him, because everyone did. To me, it is what it is.
And we still try to keep a breadth of topics. Hard to know if you are getting too technical or not enough technical at times
#ff some good people
So ready for and at Saturday night!!
At the main stage will have boxed cupcakes for $3 each for
I actually switched back a few days ago, as I couldn't embed flash items (like glogs) to Wordpress :(
Aria then Spencer.
Can't decide on a place to eat this weekend? Pick up the November issue of to see what our reader's top choices are!
where your bro @?
that's alot of effort for something so unimportant.
how gorgeous was that place? We love it. Hoping to find great renters!
- sorry to hear that. But your dog is lovely! Blue heeler?
Tommy unfollowed me.... what the fuck.
O das good
No sweat, it'll just be another win for the #WomensBasketball team.
i just find it ironic how they were always touring here last year and now they're just doing one tour.
RT : This Lady Was Like Can I Touch Your Hair ?? Come On
Exactly. 2 loses would even be a disappointment in my eyes.
IWITOT BLOG launches tomorrow. Keep an eye out for some hilarious articles and updates week.
Where do I get MY Tyler Deeb tattoo?
Mr. gotta b starting somethin' SCORE!
Tragic for regional art community. Wish they could be talked into keeping the web content at least...
I hope the Pirates make as good of a decision as the steelers. Yes I thought they would hire Whiz but who didn't
What's up with black people and BET? Like it isn't even that good of a channel.
Give Globalnet a call to see what options are available for you.. 0844 880 2010
what's good with ?
what a beautiful dress! xx
#Titans Munchak says Kenny Britt might need second procedure
funny you should mention that topic I just read that they want to do that near the
Thank you for the follow!
now lets see if i can find it..
I'm thread
RT :Just spoke with Rachel at the about the potential opportunity four to guest blog this summer!
please add a seattle tour!
Overdue in connecting to 's dense feed of deep marketing insights--thanks
well I'm gettin ready now... Were u from?
Thank Goodness it's Friday, and the air is cool here in Los Angeles!
I would definitely blame the figs for this!
what's good bro ??
eating my feelings.... they taste oddly like chocolate
The first issue will be out June 1! (Thanks for the RT!)
Time to watch the Sixers game.
3 days of plus 3 day weekend. 10-day todo list. At least it won't be boring.
Joe KILLED IT at B96 Summer Bash. Can't wait for his tour!
#YoureNotMyType guy who messages me when he's drunk who only talks about my boobs. And is not even attractive :p
Lady Gaga Dating actor from NBC Pilot .."Chicago Fire"....I know, do you?
M&N all day erryday
So stressed... so annoyed...
Yolo in your polo dude
restaurant patron on deck the mic on deck lets go
OH hahah good luck!
"JAZZ BAND! DISCO JAZZ!!" I LOVE THAT 80s SONG!!
so im workin on this song... its gonna be way different than anything ive ever done. i think people are gonna dig it tho
celtics sure have a nice showing in LA -
If McGee decides he wants to take over there are only 2 players who could even TRY to stop him. Howard, Bynum. Both all stars Skys the limit
Electrolux 24&quot; Refrigerator Drawers, Blue LED Features | Kitchen ...
Ok, I've been asked & it was Harvard researchers who say posting to FB & Twitter gives you that similar "satisfaction"
Super Cena is a #TT? I approve.
I had a 4187 do any and every thing i could. My chain of command said I had what it takes to be a fine officer but i upset my cw3
new favorite thing: spending 10 minutes on the phone walking my mother through how to play Words With Friends on her Kindle.
don't talk about it, be about it d;< !
www.gossip-culture.com :)
#dhtrial most interesting moment:Mark Baute's closing when he pre answered 10 questions the d atty tried to leave w the jury. Brilliant.
I keep checking weather.com, expecting to see a warmer forecast ahead. Reality check to self - this isn't cold snap, it's winter in Chicago!
YES do you want to come?!
Beer of the Month: Mothership Wit by New Belgium... banana clove goodness. NB is on a roll!
Thanks for following me. Meditation is the gateway to healthy mental thoughts that generates positive actions.
great time at #Austin2Boston good seeing
#legalchat privacy? whats that? remember a copy of everything u post, email, etc is left on many servers as it makes way to destination
Looking forward to Reba's fall tour. Trying to decide how far I will travel to see her. Prob pretty far. We Heart Reba!
Is #AKillingGame a mash-up of audience integration techniques from Courage and Beertown?
“: Well I cried for no reason probably about 3 times today. Sucks to be a girl. #bratproblems”
Do you know how to save a drowning lawyer? Take your foot off his head.
if you are not following then do it she just did her Newest cover of "One And Only" by Adele! go check it out on youtube
You did not miss anything. VGA sucked big time this year. Triple BOO!
well hopefully they played my kind of crazy then lol
A garden party in your glass: Let spring bloom inspire your wine cocktails this season
If the next episode of the walking dead proceeds to have the characters act like such idiots let's boycott the show. SERIOUSLY! Ratings talk
i agree!
ohh you bitch!! I wasn't even saying that.. But since you brought it up... Shapeless hoe. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
well I haven't worked out for like 3 months man.
I was just given a new nickname a moment ago..."Jorgasm"..not sure what to think about that...
Time heals everything, but it needs your hands to turn the clock faster.
Enough with pre race let's get the race started
What about self service for kids who can not work controls is there basic setting they could use?
Semantics, really. Like having a CPT for "Courses" and then archiving them for a semester or two.
oh that's awesome! Ya well, I was AF there on Elmendorf, but loved the city & state
Who's got the awesome the wedding ideas?
I DID.. THANKS
RT : RT : Will Alpha Flight be a part of tonight's opening ceremonies?
why you say that
Session one Au Discover students arrive tomorrow and Monday!
100%!!! RT : Hey Cristina! Glad you like the #weeklyfitnesschallenge music! Great music motivates people! Have an awesome day!
shout me out ! I need more followers !!! lol PLS !
#ILoveICONicBoyz because there amazing dancers and care about there fans! & much more! <3 :)
my stupid friends left me
Heat-Celtics is a great game, but the home fans are awful. So many empty seats.
Psst. If you're done with grading, I hear there's a cool study you could participate in...
Hey guys what's up?!(:
'if I was in the army- I'd be Major Fuckedup'
going to have to check out chrome. now enjoying some time on the couch in the lobby.
Nice! // RT everyone at the longhorn basketball game is digging your ou sucks t-shirt! Already told a few where to buy :D
Trust not one
Damn who else has piles of laundry- clean and dirty.. Just too lazy to fold and wash.
I fixed my twitter settings so hopefully RT will work!!!
You can now listen to us streaming anytime with Stitcher SmartRadio. Just download the app to your mobile device, and enjoy...
lol lucky you. I'm liking the NYG rookie camp. Wilson and Randle look impressive
it was a bit disconcerting to see all the 'muckrakers' this week on Twitter.
Note to self: next spring break fly back on Saturday not Sunday.
Sending Bkfast taco & brisket thoughts your way as thanks! : 100% of scheduled tweets next week are re: TX contributors
“It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going.” Brian Tracy
Talk may be cheap, but your company is cheaper.
I heard you were at the game last night. Were you rooting for iu or butler?
That took forever to type -_-
I'm sorry. What do we pour out to mourn the loss?
I write this with my right wrist, aspiring author / writer, no arthritis.
Saying "I love you" doesn't hurt nobody AT ALL, unless.....you have EXPECTATIONS behind it....
& myself will be hosting a great event in support of ! Buy your tickets NOW! It's gonna be so awesome!
The absorption of all the principal #sugar refineries in the U.S. into one company gives one pause.
": Once I stop giving a fuck about you, good luck getting that back."
Should have signed Dave Bush for just one game today....skip
thanks, and same to you!
Thanks! Just need to finish
:) I love me some you
Ima catch what I want to catch RT : don't be catching no attitude alright?
My Twitter Messing up get on fb
RT : I hated Alex on #GleeProject and it makes #Glee a struggle for me...
JUST WATCHED ON THE SITE! will share on twitter right now. So great! Love
Danny from The Script's accent is so beautiful...like I can't even.
Malya works with KOFAVIV, whose members are women originally from rural areas and survivors of violence.
Thanks for sharing. This is definitely something to Tweet about!
RT : Perfect Rx for #Rockies Dexter Fowler. Raises his average from .091 to .267 in one crazy night
Hello, hello. It's only me, infecting everything you love.
I also may not be against moving Gamel up to second and send Morgan down in the order.
Gotta get up and get ready to do this sound check..Ah!
My play w/Philip Baker Hall, I Never Sang For My Father, is extended through 6/5! Arye Gross came last week too! www.newamericantheatre.com
What is average time-to-degree for historian phds? What is preventing phd candidates in history from finishing sooner?
I HAVE TO REMIND MYSELF SOMETIMES...NOT TO SPEAK WISE WORDS ABOVE NUCCAS HEADS....TALK STR8 TO THEIR HEADS -OTHERWISE NUCCAS WHO THINK ...
... It used to mean having big ideas that moved the country forward. Nathan Fletcher is the NEW Republican Breed- Independent Republican.
I'm a white girl with a tan??!! exuse me I'm mixed sir
What is really surprising about CES this year is the large area dedicated to cars #mercedes, #ford,
Break! Finally:)
"At the Louisville Palace to see the Fray with my lovely wife." Hope the two of you enjoy the show! on soon!
Good point LO. RT: “: The jags might not have a great record but they did beat the ravens”
Ima stop bothering her, she can be pretty moody. With her slick ass comments
headed to the boat
Not a law school exam. Need a referral. My friend is given a raise, but instead of $$$ his boss just changed his dependents to 6 so he didn…
thats a freezie pop in my neck of the woods, and blue is infinitely better than any other flavor.
Steve Ross leads a company of top-shelf performers in "The Great American Revue in Music and Dance," TONIGHT at 6pm
Ur harmony to every song I sing!<U+E03C>
Just did the same thing in both! Lol “: Just realized one person accounted for half of my Facebook updates. Muted them on Flipbo...”
“Yoo hoo, David, my daughter is here this morning and I would love to introduce you to her!” Click on the link to Read More!
thanks k!
Is it too late to RSVP to yr systems presentation? and, , when is yours? don't even try to not invite me again. ha.
cause u cant zip it
Brewpublic killer beer week tonight at bottles. Tomorrow it's at beermongers. Who's down?
Those words will never come out of my mouth. RT Hey UofL fan, are you saying "Go Big Blue" today only?
The double rascal?? By the Dark Star! How were you able to contain yourself???
No. (One word says it all)"
the partys getting bigger and bigger
It does indeed! Nothing like relaxing with a good book!
Nobody told me i was spelling Triple wrong... i had my sn i had to change it,, #embarrassed lol
new kid today (;
Cm punk won
new offer from chase bank, " deposit $100,000 or more in new money into a new Chase Plus SavingsSM account and get $150! "
i actually considered this.
I honestly can't tell you the last time he blew past someone on a half court drive. This was something he did at will in Cleveland.
I'm tired of witnessing saggy tights.
just said he's not positive it was level 4. Now 24 different combinations to check.
#medlibs It seems Twitter has become the Ref Desk of #mlanet12. Post your questions & somebody from the NPC will try and help.
Thanks for the follow
That's hilarious. I'm trying to get to sleep to make up for all the shows I watched last night
New team strategy for the brewers, " play the cubs and pirates as many games as possible"
“: LoW End THeory. D.O.B. Sept 24th 1991.” greatest album of all time.
And how is he similar to GWB?
Oh, my ears. This crap is horrible! Now I know why I haven't watched this show in forever.
I wantagl go
Get bent! A recent study suggests tight muscles mean stiff arterial walls - a precursor to heart disease
cause I was sick today and he was a total butthole about me leaving. I've had some serious medical problems this semester.
RT : I need some love! Lol. What up yall!? <<<< showing love while I'm on the clock lol
Thanks RT : #FF For Speaking Advice Check Out:
Thought you were MIA
I think I woke up to late :X haha
wud up pot head
Yes! I'll talk to Mike about that again.
I know GloJEAN was watching over you my man. Welcome back.
New video tomorrow on YouTube twitter twitvid new song
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 72
waaah! Desperate Housewives is over FOREVER :(
bahaha J-Bomb you're such a dag I luv this!!
#FF - Biz Improvement specialist, passionate about business, wellbeing & nutrition. Def worth a follow!
you heard LOX came thru in the yellow lex then hopped out wit air force ones wit yellow checks
#Detroit I'll run thur it all if da price i$ right
New parenting tip #110 - you know your a parent when you use baby wipes instead of taking a shower
8 days til the kick off! 10 until the Paddle! Everyone get excited!!!
Has anyone taught EFL in South America ? If so let me know....
Put us up on your follow Fridays the us out
meanie!!(: no more brownies for you!
Congratulations to the graduates!
When I grow up I wanna be like my Mimi. At 85, she goes 2 the bedside of her sick & aging peers, prays &encourages em not 2 give up
i agree but the way the bulls treated the bradley center this season .... the evil part of me is laughing at those fans ..
Congrats Adele!! Yes!! You are a favorite!! XO
you mean being single. Way to ruin my joke god dammit.
me neither!! but now they have me working in the am cause chads out of town. ill get things worked out though, i miss youu
Excited about working on my first record today. Time to pull out the wordpad
Submitted my email address. I'll check it out.
Today in 1992, If You Go Away was released, ahead of the album Face the Music. Trivia time! Next tweet!
I might go to the boss club tonight fuck it
#everydayithinkabout how ugly the pilgrims clothes were
read total frat move column on the rush party. There is a section about gumbys
Congrats -Will be sorry to miss it!! RT : one of the first selected for SXSW interactive this year! bit.ly/th5Oty
I know it's raining but nothing can grow without the rain! Rain is growth! Let's grow Wisconsin!
wants to runway on her bike to california
Yeah, I had to grow accustomed to it over time.
Custom Plastic Business Cards at NYC Printing 123. You can select a variety of professional business cards, including full color...
I just want to go to the gym
Apparently the power play philosophy is shoot the puck into the opponent's legs until they can't skate.
Parents, post ur projects on Workforbooks.com and help a starving college student. Cant do that on Craigslist! We need ur support.
great meeting you tonight, looking forward to your session tmrw!
I would settle for one in my state!
yeah...that was really unclear from her execution...
#Cavs fall but at least we kept it close
“: Who's stronger? Thor or Hulk?” <~ silly question
All bottles of wine are just $20 tonight! Wine down with us on this beautiful Thursday evening.
beat the game....wasn't too impressed
It's a #Troy night out
Maybe it is my Texas heritage
sup slut, hit me up when you setup that adwords campaign, let me know if you need a virtual credit card or some shit. thanks.
Abby said that, right?
The VICTIM of a CRIME's clothes are not to blame here or ever. MT : "His hoodie killed Trayvon Martin as surely as Zimmerman"
if the guy is watching the bachelor, you have bigger issues
Thanks for the follow back! Enjoy the record breaking weather.
lol, well they will certainly enjoy a shower, that's for sure
I have nothing to do.
What your man don't know won't hurt em ;*
you is funny
It's soo hot in my roomm!!!!
Love it when a plan comes together
Ready to start planning our wedding (from afar). Need to tap into the DC/NoVa wedding community. Help!?
FLAWLESS. YOU ARE ALL FLAWLESS
photo please
Robert gave first #Toastmasters speech last Mon. He almost passed out from nervousness. Gotta go thru it once. I have techniques to help.
That's the truth, she will always love u, not just for one day
Tig an happy are funny but juice..... wtf duds
I would love the 1963 rolls royce bentley for prom <U+E106>
thank you Luke!
Omfg. I am so pissed right now. if i could only go back in time before it happened. :'(
He's a bit loco. I'm finding more and more people everyday who hold the same opinion about him as I do
right back atcha!
wasn't I supposed to get another movie for tweeting this :/! Where is that movie haha!?
I know the world isn't fair, but why isn't it ever unfair in my favor? - Bill Watterson
let his light shine
Very happy for #McGahee w/new #Broncos deal .... he will join me at 515pm ....
Freeway Closure - 805 Freeway, between Telegraph Canyon Road and E Street, overturned gas tanker. Take SBX to avoid delays.
evaluations show that programs & toolkits for military families helping parents & kids talk & adapt to challenges transitions
Yum! Lumpia, purple yam soup & peanut butter cheesecake with Caipirinha, Royal Fizz and Sazerac cocktails at the AVAM's Mr. Rain's Funhouse.
And they'll have to look to social media types for guidance. :)
takes one to know one...I got you :)
. haha Mitt got back at a trooper who short-sheeted his bed...and haha he assaulted a gay classmate..exactly the same thing.
s/o to , he needs followers ladies help him out ;)
There's a difference between drawing body contact, and accepting it when driving to the basket...
she probably loves that y'all are fighting for her cause she's getting so much attention
RT : There are more people in the lower bowl at the Mustangs game then a Bucks. No joke. > That's awful
Day 2 of the SUPERDRAFT promotion in Vegas at the Palms - the cheerleaders are here!
Nothing Just Chilling Right Now..
Well, they did a good job. Take care!
Love and Basketball <3
I need #FosterThePeople tickets. Love them! My favorite band right now!
#speed RT : #49ers 1st rookie practice & WR's AJ Jenkins & Chris Owusu go head to head in figure 8 drill. Owusu wins both times
Finding the lowest price on a particular item is easy to do with a price search engine.
#trueshyt on the real!
Miners' benefit plan held a $13K surplus - Arizona Daily Star Miners ' benefit plan held a $13K surplus Arizona Daily Star In leading up
what up
Boom. Hannahan'd
yes has to do with Jason haha
#2peoplethatbelongtogether and because they both like guys.
i wishh i could get to see him:(
Yeah! Sunrise is great today
Hot SAS #military chicks fight hot SAS dudes to save a baby chick from destruction. Comedy premiering in March
Chrysler 300. Very sexy.
Just met a man named Lizandro. He was not as amazed as the man Lisandro I met earlier this year. Lesson? S's are better than Z's.
Yo, I need a pair of shades actually Katie. Your boy's gotta get his swag on soon. How you been girl get at me
no problem
Ice tea at night. #Slurrrpin'(;
uploading our video took 1100 minutes haha.
IZ = Intern Zero = Chris
Shpoonkle....what do you think? Cheesy or good marketing for lawyers?
will be conducting a presentation focused on "Integrating #cloud #Applications to " at 11AM in booth
I would LOVE IT if u followed me before the sun goes down and the stars come out! Lol!!!:D
“: Oh my god - Joshua - I love you. #Idol” Why thank you, Ellen.
good morning friends!!! Have a great Monday!!!!
I'm glad I don't have to take Tcap anymore :)
You're hammering #Feingold in an article where he says 'It's A Threat To Our Country' To Elect 1 Of The GOP candidates? Odd
not true. you could kill a vegitarian. haha
dam we look good!
Well there's no turning back, folks! is OPEN for the 2012 season!!!
May 11, 2010 Workshop: Using Social Media to Market Your Business, Hall Drive, EKU College of Business & Technology Bldg, Room 243, 1-3pm
#MadMen baby!!
Saluted ": Jerly Marquez of GroupM Motion praises Radio for great ideas using Social Media RT
If it's not your job to know... then how are u so sure that teacher unions are the problem? Just trying to be logical here.
Thanks for the follow. What period is your favorite?
will debut the latest tee shirt design tonight at midnight at www.TuesdayTees.com! New tee design every Wednesday!
Headed to Oaks. Better not break the bank like last year
Digital Media Executives Love Tradition and Technology of Shen Yun
McD's egg mcmuffin?......yes please
Dictator <U+2260> "Leader of the People" Im not gonna argue anymore, you are entitled to support Castro.* *Required if in Cuba
iM SO CONFUSED :D
Attention Models DreamBigHustleHard.com is now taking Submission to be feature on the site plz submit portfolio to
so sad. also happy 40th to our (ex) Captain....aughh.
oh ok thanks:)
Ha! Good advice!! Do the peach and pear flavors count as a fruit serving?
“If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose.” (Charles Bukowski)
That late hit by Roman Harper of the Saints against Steve Smith of the Panthers in the end zone was some really bad sportsmanship!
Woke up from a dream that included the Da Silva twins and the Reapers. No idea.
i r jealous lol Love it
lmfaooo im bout to kill someody im mad af yo but its a different reason but da cheese-itz pushd me over the edge
If you wish to know the mind of a Bodybuilding, listen to his words.
ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM/ BUY OUR 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOK SERIES ON AMAZON.COM
Ooh good one. RT : Great list. But any list of Beantown's best breakfasts has to include Henrietta's Table. IMHO
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 14
THE MISSION is to nurture, cultivate, and promote art, music, culture, sustainability, community, and non-profits in Las Vegas. Join us!
It's the first day of Spring!
I want ice cream!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
Thank you!
I want a bathroom I can play baseball in
“: I wonder where Ryan went..” myyhouuse(;
i need to find someone who's down to go to wing night and
RT: Dear Apple, I really hope new iMacs are MacBook Air inspired.. yet still powerful then ever!
if i could, i would<3
stay the fuck out of my relationship ugly slut.
We are an authorized WESTERN UNION agent.
The difference between biking and Metro is....
Says about Gomez, "None better in center. Everything he does is right on target," as his throw goes 10 feet wide of 3rd base.
T-bone steak, cheese, eggs and Welch's grape... -Biggie
My niece is my world and I haven't seen her in forever </3 I miss you Tinlee jewel
I just don't know where all the time is going lately. This hard work must pay off! :)
RT“: Dumb ass don't take the pills you take from pharmacy on the clock dumbass.”
Come to Western Carolina and hang out with us!!
Should we call our new band The Pinchers or Pops and the Pinchers?
cant wait until! i get my ''Born this way" album! only 2 more days!
Will do! Help spread the word!
All artists in Hou. Need a studio? Check $40/hr w/ in-house engineers & producers. Mixing & Mastering services also available.
Bloodworth Law Firm is the best criminal and domestic law practice in Middle Tennessee, give us a call @ (615) 250-8000 for the help u need!
FistballFact: The defense can play the ball directly after the opposing team's attack or after a single bounce, but it may not bounce twice.
will be at this year's Digital East 2011: www.digitaleast.com
Yes, that's "conductor hair" all right! :) Can't wait to hear what Dante Anzolini will do with the same music.
My dad blaring music and singing at 11:30 at night is probably worse than having noisy neighbors that do the same.
When it's 60 degrees outside the heaters in my building are on; when the weather is in the teens the heaters are off. Good job Lindsay Park.
Spending the evening cooking and sharing stories with the best woman I know! There's no where else I'd rather be. #ilovemynana <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I HATE school nights !!! >:@ anyone else :) ?
I need to stop being so up tight
honestly, lady, how fantastic was it to finally catch up? And how much do I miss your face? Answer(s): Unbelieveable amounts.
have a great day!
yooooo what up pimp...what's the latest on #soundscan? Let me know at your leisure. #weedropweerock!!!
No one answers me!
it was totally worth it :-)
ROFLOL watching Sheed Wallace making a put back basket for the Bulls last night. Classic.
Have a friend who was the sign for H'eeen & a friend who always uses Benton fwy offramp to see it on her way home
"There are over 136,000 f*** yeah blogs on " #tumblrmusic // at
Anyone want to go to the Root Beer Stand right now?
#AlexandRobertTweetTweet follow me follow me #AlexandRobertTweetTweet folloow me follow me follow me
ur a sweetheart 4 answerin that young lady bout prom. This is y fans luv you. You rock! Have a great summer & c you next yr @ uC
If someday we all go to prison for downloading music, I just really hope they separate cell blocks by sound genre.
Tomorrow Morning's Inn Group Meeting is Full. Can't wait to see everyone. I'm very excited to learn organizing tips from
It's all fault! #SportingKC Sorry, looking for a scapegoat :(
when is it gonna be out on DVD and Blu-Ray? I really want to know, thanks.
the LSU at-kansas game. What game are u watching?
but papa was adamant, since he likely saw their board, that they got the guy the rated as the second best behind trent
Thanks Andrew.. we are looking for mentors for our 2012 summer Challenge. Any interest?
Life is good
nice. I didn't mean to suggest you so a podcast. I imagine one is enough. I'll give you a listen.
no me a Contestado x(
My interview with WNKU's Cheri Lawson (no relation :-)) will be airing this week! Stay tuned for details! <3 Moriah
We will miss you buddy =)
I may stumble sometimes but you won't ever catch me trippin... unless it's hard trippin from the good stuff. Now pass the bong.
Didn't have to use my AK
i was about to wish good luck in china, then remembered twitter is blocked there, so just sending it out to the universe...
To promote responsible retention use a day-forward approach to handle current info. Then handle old info as a project.
i know youre right..I dont respond to some tweets..but i want to say my part too..but ill stop for tonight lol
Thanks for the shoutout!
Too consumed by Bachelorette premier tonight. Though not as good as Bachelor.
has to be the worst attempt at playing the game of basketball I have ever seen. On both sides. Lay off the red bull girls!
We don't get to hear this really good quote? Come ON.
Getting ready for this weekend
RT : You must raise your self worth in order to raise your net worth.
Have a good day Jer! Thanks for being so sweet last night! You're too precious! Love you tons!
so sorry to hear about your loss.
Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life
omg i know!!!! but f it yolooooooo lol
My little one's name is "Elle"...so clearly I just love that one!
If i could hangout with the guys all the time, i would. I feel like i fit in (for the most part) with them better lately...
Word is bond!
Hey bro...my new job is kicking my ass lol. It's great and all but training has been difficult.
don't let me catch you in some Sanford video with your hoodie and skittles pouring out iced tea
you have to checkout this sites sopa blackout: theoatmeal.com
Laci made my day with that
I like your style, Becker. My new All-Star chest protector showed up this afternoon. Won't make a damned bit of difference!
maclin,moss,hicks,d.thomas.which 3??please
YOU WOULD LOVE IT
What a joke
trust me... everything will be just fine ;)
Looks interesting, I'll take one
There's a tornado warning...I need it to rain more...I was counting on the free carwash!
i put up a new profile pic and it chopped my head off!
It's a great combo! RT : Another victory using Read and React and Amazing what happens when kids buy in.
Ur a Pro though! You will rock that show!! Please keep in touch!
HAS A BUNCH OF NEW SONGS COMING SO STAY TUNED!!!!!!!
Kowba: I stand by the fact that a midyear cut is a tipping point for the school district.
good Morning !
feel free to contact me. I'd love to help!
aawww its my birthday and me and my boyfreinds one month annaversarry :3
Unfortunately, you'll spend too much of your last year setting up the sequel.
We play that in our office nearly every day. Probably the best station there is.
The Office is gone for many months. Weeds and Wilfred will keep me company in the meantime!
Happy Valentine's Day everyone!
Will the #Yankees make it? Panasonic EVOLTA Finishes the 230km Triathlon in Hawaii OSAKA, Japan--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Panasonic Corporation (
i just went outside and it is nice outside but it will rain
There is always someone looking for the next job adventure ~ so, if you hear about a lead, SHARE IT!!! :D
"a mirror, so I can see all of my face at once." I prefer to see only a part of mine. #marypoppins and her amazing
i love you
calling her a gremlin and shit when she's done nothing, i dont know alot but its uncalled for
Hello from Manhattan!
Safe travels, ! So excited to see you!
hope i never lose my
Lololol let us in :(((
Facebook Tip: Page icon photo (profile photo) is 180px by 180x. Although remember when clicked on it can be full size.
#lakers biggest mistake tonight was no fight... #nuggets have confidence now... They can go into LA and win one
LegoLand Performance Is Around The Corner ! #Excited !!
NOT enjoying writing this essay for pitts
animal by neon trees! section 116 is ready to dance!
Britney Spears' Till The World Ends Tour: Four Dream Warm-Up Acts
At Work: The next round in Wisconsin: The recalls. Scott Fitzgerald and Tim Carpenter with the Political Junkie today
Happy Birthday! You still look like your 20 though :)
Remember we offer Free Delivery after 6pm Mon - Wed! Call 305-883-1177 or order on line now!
Not tryna go to school tomorrow I just wanna go to the doctors
hahahha dont tell me the damn neoghbor let them all loose
#allhailale Racked #12 (holiday brown ale) to secondary & brewed #13 (Citra American IPA). Scott's busy designing a flashy new brew system.
Cancelled scheduled ABC News, tonight. Let's see if the Liberal subtext is absent this evening on News. (don't hold your breath)
*you're
Unplug from the social media mothership for a few days. Trust me, you'll be fine.
I beat the beat the UP, UP, UP
omg I was gonna have a heart attack lol. she looks beautiful as usual
Wax is spinning and the coffee is brewing for Sunday work day.
I think they sense that, because they just love to swoop at me.
I wake up early because one of my best friends, the one who is in Mexicali is coming to my house before, going back to Mexicali yay :D
haha my original plan was to just get fucked up all day haha
do you still have tickets left for tonight's late show?
Anyone else going to the Steve aoki concert?
Woodstock is why MSFT should have bought MGM and/or Miramax. Key reason: Streaming license rights to a library of top movies…
Don't want to sound like a prude but I think I was at least over 18 before I knew such a thing existed. ;/
Grrr stupid school tomorrow :/
Doc Rivers: "I'm excited, I'm happy. We didn't have it early."
hey what's up...yeah I'm back
Today we'll be at the Regal and we'll give you the rundown on the hottest New Year weekend flicks!
I'm on my second one right now! Still waiting for it to kick in...
Your visit is perfect timing! You can help me move this weekend!
Cooking channel has wonderful events for fun and easy dishes. CHECK OUT Bobby Flay
Or I should say that I ran 5k, not a 5k race.
I need more people to follow me okay thanks
Merry Christmas Everyone :)
I'm sure he's more talented than they'll ever be..
too much grip to let it slip!!!!
plz do its gunna be crazy
I want world peace.
Still smiling from lunch with tech-letterpress superwoman So great to have you on this coast!
Calling all Carnivores!Looking for a tasty lunch come try our Spicy beef meat patties.(Big meat pie)comes with a side salad for perfection
Packers finally get pressure on Manning
Minor is dealing tonight.
Well, this is a great game. I think I'll take a nap before my packers play. *yawn*
BizVertizing is now on Twitter!
Lmfaoo its all good tho, she don't even know who they are and I doubt she even remembers that. I still listen to them on a daily basis ^_^
Back to these bitches following my timeline!
What do you think of American Idol?
good idea! HP is always a better choice than school, work, or any other task that sucks!
Got a new haircut and my sweat heart thinks I look like a perroflauta
Get familiar with the Web using the latest version of Internet Explorer at the Paseo Verde Lib computer class tomorrow at 10 a.m.
RT : in honor of the Globes, i'll play Social Network tonight i iwish i was playing 127 hours tho.
Increase flexibility, agility, and strengthen core muscles with yoga or pilates at Astor Street Dance Studio for 50%off- www.crowdclick.com!
Give thanks for what you are now, and keep fighting for what you want to be tomorrow. - Fernanda Miramontes-Landeros
Interesting Blog on using QR codes in health care.
did you get that file? lemme know.
GO LIKE: 1. ICONic Girlz 2. Iconic Boyz Fever ( Fan Page! ) Hold on there are more but they wern't showing up. ~Ashley
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You....[=
Wait, it was ALMOST 2OT
Happy National Kiss Day! <U+E418> Here's my kisses <U+E003><U+E003><U+E003><U+E41C>
Nice gesture but Brewer's have a PR problem with disabled fans. I suffer from a "invisible disability." Nobody there cares.
lol when I turn 16 yrs old :)
can you vote as many times as you want?
IM IN LOVE ... WITH AUSTIN MAHONE!!! Totally fan girling right now <3 xoxo
When U believe a thing, believe it all the way, implicitly & unquestionably. ~ Walt Disney
Great to have you part of the #ClearedJobFair #COBOL #C++ #security clearance
#edtech #iPaded people: how long before #tablet ownership in the US is higher than laptop/desktop ownership?
never laughed so hard.
trying to be more like today
RT : Searching for ways to gain #sponsors for your #nonprofit #event? Remember to target audiences to leverage
A few coworkers talked to her and said she was so nice! Buster from Arrested Development was here too!
Can't wait for Friday. :P
Don't know where to begin, the "Phenomenal" show in San Diego is so magical, beautiful. Robert Irwin, James Turrell. See differently.
I think it would be better if the Suns started Childress instead of Brown.
RT : .. we will be , , - This MON w/ FREE PBR T's in College Hockey Team Colors!
So sad... We have to wait what? Another year until Pretty Little Liars airs again? ):
where do I get these?!??
With TIMON OF ATHENS and Nathan Lane both in town, we're starting to wonder when "Pumbaa of Sparta" opens. (We should probably cast this.)
Gotta go to a wedding to morrow so I'm very busy this weekend I'll follow back when I get back...PROMISE
Ready to go home
RT : LET EM IN TO THE NEXT ROUND! FLYERS WIN!
Happy bday Tim Olshefski.We all miss ya.
Tonight's Dinner Special is Grilled Salmon over Mixed Greens with Bacon, Tomato, Egg, Mozzarella Cheese and Fried Onion Straws. 10.00
Check out our video on the University homepage! www.georgetown.edu
Currently sipping a latte at Time and Play while the 3-yr-old flies around on a bike indoors.
I'm late but thank you. we lost one & won a game today.
Guess I was wrong about the Lakers Saturday night. I believe it was wishful thinking.
Sex and the City makes me doing calculus homework at night a bit better.
#fridayreads in print: Becoming a Person of Influence by John C. Maxwell (for a class)
Photos | 2011 Lollapalooza Lineup | Good Fortune Captain Allen
People always think you need them... But in reality all you need is family.
Creative Media Web Company Launches New Line of Templates Compatible With Microsoft Word, Publisher, and Apple iWork ...
wait. that's not true, is it?
"Double Duty Secret!" NEW skin tightening option along with our tried-and-true Intense Pulsed Light treatment - offer expires 3-31-12.
Oh, well thanks sweets :3
I would say double that at least, JMHO.
I wish these refs would choke on it...are you kidding me?
I'd have bought 2 if they were any cheaper. I just needed something to get me moving again.
Tuesday's matchups: Penn State vs. Oakland at 5pm, Lindenwood vs. Delaware at 8pm.
and leo did a damn fine job of it once he got over his ex wife or whatever she was. So what's your point?
I really only post in the hcj thingy and the fcj thingy regularly. Post in other topics but with no regularity.
bought lots of CD's today, starting with The Dutchess & the Duke
Kinda bored.. What needs to get done
You’ve always wanted to be your own boss. So what are you waiting for? Now is the time to take control of your destiny.
#itshardwhen what's best 4 U is not what U want!
Thanks. Please send over the info. --BAC
Our exclusive once-a-month stock options TRADE OF THE MONTH has just been released. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com #1 in options returns!
no more jersey shore for her hah
well im gonna get off here! Ttyl goodnight loveya!
sounds like it worked out perfect them. I'll make sure I can make it out next week. Looking forward to meeting
I'm going to shave before I go into work. I really, really hope this impresses the likes of , and others.
My dreams be looking so real
Interesting read, thanks for sharing! Have a fabulous Wednesday
I actually agree
Chapter 2012 Page 81 of 366 Living life on one-way tickets...literally and figuratively.
May I just say that Lean Cuisine meat lasagna rocks!
haha, already on it!
...unless i win the powerball....dammit! I forgot to check my numbers last night!
When it<U+FFFD>s cold, the testes move in closer to the body for warmth. The opposite happens when it<U+FFFD>s warm.
Getting a much needed workout at my local gym.
Loll on my phone going the fuk off ... the topic "disrespectful niggas"
good!!! Smiles!
we have a problem !
would you like the new dance marathon cards to say "FTK" "For The Kids" or "#FTK" at the top?
Thank You !!
Grace, thank you!!!
hey save me a seat today
just cause its doesn't mean u can tweet nonsense about #JLO. I dont see tweeting about
#Twitter says it now has 140 million users. Not bad for turning just 6 years old today. (That's more than some country's entire populations)
What you do when nobody looking defines you
Possibly, but I think you make it easy for the photographer.
That's the way silo J.
FC: Chance Womack. We had our battles.
RT if you're heading to Huntington Park tonight to catch take on Syracuse, 6:35p!
Dont listen to criticizers, you came to City to win trophies and not just for the money.
Sweet irony the British said this ": Ur risk of heart disease rises 70% if you don't brush twice/day, says British Med Jornl"
Hughes on the line needing 1 of 2 to ice it
Come see whats new on the menu! Great weekly specials, awesome new apps, and a 3 course Chef's creation for only $35! O' great drinks too!!!
more GB and a touch screen.
Me too! :) RT : Can I go to Paris to learn more about web archiving? Pretty please?
Word to my momma #VinceCarter should retire. He's terrible. He's the reason why they lost that series low key. Lol
needs to stop blowing up my dang phone,(;
Dicks burgers after a heavy night of drinking is exactly what I needed!
Just listened to this week's episode with and loved it! When can she come back???
it's 10:53 haha I love music:D
Missing next to me in Lantz <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
for someone that hates soccer, u sure comment about it a lot
I hate that feel when you want something so bad.. but you know you can't have it. </3 :'(
Herb Brooks play your game play your game
I'll invent one for you, Elle! <3
wish me luck for my match tomorrow?? Xx
mighty mango is my favorite! And green machine looks & sounds gross but it's really good too!
ur insecure. dont no what 4. ur turning heads when u walk through the door. dont need make up. 2 cover up. b ing the way tat u r is enough.
I tried to clear out all the emails for ID & EG yesterday (:
NBC's Andrea Mitchell reports no airlines were ever at risk; plot was disrupted well before it threatened Americans
Sounds great, I will be right over!
“: The Lord will make perfect that which concerns me - Psalm 138:8” this one has gotten me through lots!
I smoked out my daamself 2day
A "why not" lawyer could, I suppose, be asking a rhetorical question or beginning a lengthy statement...
#WhatIWantThisSummer are happy clients :) Do you think that's reasonable?
Under this fan voting format, only 1 great dunk matters. Again, guys like 'Nique, Dr. J & MJ should be judging instead of America.
my picks: predators in 7, sharks in 6, caps in 7, bruins in 6
I feel like starting trouble with Packers fans just to trash talk but I'm being Mr. Nice Bear today
Michael Steele reasoning Bipartisan this morning. He's right on key today
"Two and Half Feet Tall"
Up and Adam as my brother says.
incredibly empty right now. But if there's any truth to your 'location'--it will all work out
i dont think im psychic, but it seems like for the last almost 10 years i have heard and felt things no one else does
It's so much easier to run
Well then, leave the cleavage, eyeliner and hair to me... you just keep bein' bloody. That's sexy too.
Happy #earthday! It's not #FF but everyone should still check out
Is this good or bad for me??? RT NYT NEWS ALERT: Michigan State Is First No. 1 Seed Knocked Out of N.C.A.A. Tournament
Great question! I'm eager to hear how people respond.
dreams.I am swimming away
Just read the tweets and keep it moving. Stop over analyzing my thoughts.
Life is too short, live it to the fullest!
Where are all my #elon #alumni? Let's connect!
Lol just got asked who my celebrity crush is and y? Well Taylor Lautner and just because of his personality. :-)
My dad was actually the first to tell me I had a South Carolina hoodie.
Family time! So happy is here :)
The New York Times website must be broken cause it just asked me to log in to read a story.
I'm. Done. With. Everyone. I only need myself.
Oh yeah I passed my Math class too (:
Please don't! <grin>
Today is just a depressing day. I wanna get away from palatine, far away.
We're getting so close to #innotechatx! With a full day of educational sessions & special events, you won't want to miss this year's conf
I just won 86 dollars in the lottery
Let's go Niners! #49ers I have a bad feeling as I'm actually going to watch part of the game.
"Is that the best you can manage?" - Pete Tong
“: You either remain stressed alone or be stressed with the person you love.”
Sounds delicious! Enjoy those #radish dishes :)
Not an expert in HS as i teach MS, but I'm excited about common core since we'll dive deep into concepts
Everytime I get a new follower, I hope to god it's not a spam slut. How are there so many of them?!?!?!?!
first of all princeton doesnt have a #Android so u fakeand i saw #Mb last summer they said they #DONT have personal accounts
Let me know I work at the arena ;)
. asked "did drivers get the message?" re: bike demonstration, and i say - no, because they probably couldn't find a parking spot. ZING
HEY, yaaalss should follow me
As interviews for NYC continue in London this week, NYC welcomes Gary and Linda to begin interviews for London. Best of luck to everyone!
reading my tweets
I'm about to fucking lose it
Most effective Superbowl ads teach, inspire, entertain to cement brand. Audi, Google, Bridgestone "podium" for 2010.
text me :)
just followed
#TheWorstFeeling fucking a bitches mother while shes in the next room sleep...wait!? NO ITS NOT ^_^
The philosophical brunch question: coffee or mimosa? I know today's answer.
put the fu**ing lotion in the basket!
Happy Birthday Jason and Sarah. <3
next weekend. I'm at my dads this weekend
luv you more! <U+2665>
Nite Out is a variety show put on by medical students to benefit the Columbus Free Clinic. Held at Thurber Theatre on March 23-24 at 7:00 PM
Good times at Steppin' Up?
“: DG: "We'll bring Nick to the lottery. If he doesn't get the first pick, he'll be grounded all summer."” Classic !
Wohooo this weekend :P chilling inaf
I think you need to update your bio now that you have a bit less leisure in your life.
We have the best ring money can buy and it's all yours!
Should you see an orange on this picture, then you're Einstein.
Tomorrow, I'll be a guest panelist at the Red Hook Initiative for their Annual Women's Career Day from 6 - 8pm. Come down and say, "hey!"
LOVE IT! Get it jonny boiii :)
I was almost done, too! Lmfao.
Another productive #offday and my main goal was to just chill today...
dear god no, Rickie can barely play second as it is
Yeah yeah yeah! PS. you're coming!
Jordan Staal has set a new career-high in points. This is an amazing accomplishment considering he's only played 62 games.
sometimes u cant really trust frends bcuz they knoo all about u and at the end there the one who is talkin bhind ur back
Nokia the world's largest Windows Phone smartphone vendor in Q4 2011 shipped 1 million sets; Perfect time to get on marketplace! Microsoft …
: Don't leave your friend outside in the cold! Bring them into camp for a day of play!
See, brilliant idea isn't it? You down? Let's go! Lol jk
that's a dangerous combo!
If 3 people having sex is a threesome, and 2 people at it is a twosome, why is handsome still a compliment?
truuee well congrats!! you'll do great wherever you go...just get that degree!!!
Agreed, makes me cringe. RT : That Verizon commercial with the crying ladies is the most annoying thing ever
great tips! Thanks!
looks rad so far! Can't wait to see it when it's done!
What are you up to today? Chocolate festival is happening now up at the Merchandise Mart
no html for you
Kind of sleepy
I'm convinced that when a guy and girl are best friends for a long time, they are eventually going to fall in love....
Tony Stark the team dickhead......lmao
Can't wait until my birthday!!! Its going to be so awesome!!! :)
Probably... Unless motion sickness is the objective for the day... Then I say give everyone a pogo stick while they view it. :o)
now that Tuesday's nearly over have you noticed that the rest of the week spells WTF?
We are at Disk Hitachi's Alive & Running event on La Guides Play to race awareness!! Come out for the cause...!!
I'm really about to consider something life changing! Real talk! Tired of the nonsense
Hehehee xD love you too:D
alright text me 2 marrow and let me no was up ..
i do that when I'm about to be late for my class...then again, this is college. Lol
thanks for the ride too ambers house :)
Factoid Friday: Know the last time the San Diego region was self-sustaining in its water supply? San Diego looked like this...bit.ly/w8x0Mw
The warm weather is here. This means arm fat on display.
Wishing I was at the #USA v. Guadaloupe soccer game in the new #livestrong soccer park back in Kansas City. Will see a game there soon!
less than two hours to Richmond.
My allergies <<<<
CBIS is at it again with news just announced
Smile, Be happy, and let yourself feel. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>-Aeropostale
working. Working. WERKIN.
straight up
guess I'll need to sweeten the pot I have votto
Michael's party on wednesday after school <3
Lewisburg with tomorrow!
See you soon!
why sign Williams now? they aren't happy with Hollins? or it's just in case of some injury?
Who else is glad that they are to old for the first day of school?
Orson is behind all of this?! #didntsee thatcoming
I WAS JUST HELPIN MY MOMMA OUT
just now watched final BOL episode and was a little verklempt, thanks for the memories guys
Hi Enticing Travel!
sitting in a room of 6 men, listening to boy bands, working on a sunday, after PalmerFest is LESS THAN....
It is also the wettest spot in the United Kingdom, with an average of 4,473 millimetres (176
When you baby sit for someone and they come home on time >>>>>
Starks has not had a good game at all. Grant should get most of the touches.
No Gillys tonight?
I find creativity difficult and irresponsibility easy but always regrettable.
I'm getting ready to go enjoy a little of this fall weather.
1 point puts us back on top. Thank God
Day spent with Photoshop.
and its weird because you'll see strawberries for example they look beautiful smell delighttful u take a bite hardly any taste wassup w/that
I have - they are good @ that. However if you have a long article you may have to pay them 4 that task @ around $8/hr
Whenever I do something right, no one remembers. But whenever I do something wrong no one forgets. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
"Somebody stole my moss-covered, three-handled family gredunza! Nobody's gonna leave this room until I find it!"
"Ladies and gentlemen, I don't believe what I am seeing! Triple H is removing the tags from mattresses! He's scum!"
Im Ready To Be Wit Bad Boy 4 Life
anyone i can stay with till like monday???? i'm not kidding, i NEED to get out of this frikken house.
We're aiming to stop the immediate ability to profit off of jury duty, & aiming to curb alterior motives toward a civic duty
5 followers again! Shout out anyone? :))
So happy to know I'm not the only one ! It's coming on now :)
i remember.
goin home after this block
better...thanks! Circulation issue.
that is hysterical - enjoy the music in your world
It's Showtime
Most of the Arts Management course books will be found in the Arlington Bookstore.
I'll be at all three events . And hopefully the one in NY. :)
back @ ya! Guten Tag!
Unlike film/tv, books can't lean on special FX. Words strip it down to the real essence. Story.
Dude stop posting about you having sex. Nobody fucking cares and nice to you probably have every STD known to man.
Representin' at the gov video solutions forum at the #Newseum with #wifi :)
haven't talked to yoou in awhile !! Where ya been !!?
Government issued rock provided in separate package for your convenience....
NEW!! Breakfast in a bowl. Put your breakfast taco in a bowl with no tortilla. Save those calories and eat healthy.You tell us $1.75
RT : Joining the #innovation talk: Led by former pro baseball player/current OMB John Farmer
For all that is holy - someone get that dear sweet man some breadsticks - STAT!
well, you get an A for effort and a C for execution. so, on a pass/fail scale - you passed!
#Flyers stop playing after first goal.
Its all good. Truly sorry you didn't make the FC 9. You were totally one of favorites before the voting occured.
you know I love that Peyton is with the team...top 5 qb for sure. And I'm sure the Broncos can do without all the Tebowmania.
I need 100 glasses of water
Tiempo ta volando. Toy li'to pa' ir a la casa ya!
Dinner was grilled chicken with rice & corn on the cob. Then we all took a drive in the new car to get ice cream.
where r u ?
we know how you feel.
#Avengers - Highly recommended. Love the score as well. And you HAVE to stay past the credits. LOL
Whatcha got going on there lil lady?
Why is there not one single tenacious orchestra member in Titanic II?
look forward to it my friend!
Oh! didn't see that coming
I'm doing a film where I play the role of a mom with an autistic child. Your book has been so helpful, Louder than Words.
I caught two mice today at work with a plastic cup. Yeah, I've been living with cats for far too long.
Enjoyed an AMAZING performance from Zodiaque Dance Company this weekend. Congratulations on a great show, !!
If I buy a round next time can I be sec of state?
thanks you too! Cheers from MIA!
I think it got accidentally turned off. Still a problem you think they would notice
is that a good long or a bad long?
": . DO YOU HATE THE WEST COAST? Were palm trees and models mean to you as a child? Why?! #spoilers" fer real! Keep quiet!
Tuck Everlasting is my Favorite Disney Movie
Whoa, she must have room for a couple of friends, sign me up. Maybe not :)
and thank you so much for the multiple mentions!
Everyone has a fake laugh
speaking of wars..what do you think of the FEMA camps being opened in the USA?..there is over 100 of them ...for americans...
“: Tebow passed for 3:16 yards... I've seen fucking everything. Life is so much stranger than fiction.”.
Can't wait for #Candy Shop Tuesday
#Obedience is the key to
is cute c:
All smiles!! How are u? RT : Let the #tchat begin! Happy Wednesday everyone!
This times the last time. I mean that.
You are BRILLIANT on the show & I already can't wait to see where your character is going this season!
Thanks for checking us out, we appreciate that. Please spread the word and stay in touch! Thanks again!
taking five min for myself.
I'mma Keep it to myself..
RT : David Domenici #nsvfsummit: Don't expel or suspend kids for violence that doesn't hurt others.
BAHAHA. As long as you're not like and throw tacos at me :D
Chapter and Verse Kisses!
so who is going to the concert YOU ME AT SIX / THE SWELLERS Sunday? cause I'm going with a friend. Love to meet up with some people :)
Believe him or not, Dobard said Banneker is getting the money it's supposed to get per formula.
Vegas flight for next weekend is booked!!!
ur cuter than me
. Bullshit. Green party success in Wisconsin to result of a TON of tedious, hard, local work.
As my husband says, that's why they make chocolate and vanilla. They can't all be chocolate.
I gave up jump cuts for Lent...soon I'll be creating jarring edits again!
KUIK has hot tip on location of Easter bunny this Sat., Apr. 23! Your kids will thank you for finding out at www.kuik.com
What does the new AZ bill say? 1) Being an illegal immigrant in Arizona is now criminal trespassing.
In car for 20min. Does that mean I'm tired of my house or jus tired?
Now if i had a gun....... BITCHES better be runin'!!! lmfao
12 schools days, 6 testing days left until summer break =0
Check your DM's(:
Did you feel that #earthquake? Rave Alert customers sent out over 350,000 messages in under 8 minutes in response
i love u Austin follow me
do as Nate dogg suggests at the end of "the next episode"
At least while you're not doing anything 'remember' why we celebrate today. I'm joining in the nothingness today.
hey do u know how to do ....from
Women be shoppin
Disbelief in magic can force a poor soul into believing in government and business. Tom Robbins
Looks real good, thanks for reaching out!
My phone Is still shut off, if you need me you can call me, I can recieve calls and messages.
Another #FF for our wonderful , who always remembered: - more...
dnt listen to these stupid ass ignorant ppl obviously ur an obsession to them! Reminds me of a barking ass chihuahua.. #STFU LOL!
Nate is confused whether student is freshman or senior. Student accept letter in shades.
Wish I could stay home today #SuperTired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Glad to hear Diamond visited you. That's progress! Now I can breathe easier. Worried Mom you know :)
Yay! Almost back to your Super self! Glad to hear it!
Spending the whole day after school with >> :)
His team had parade for a free agent signing? “: Wade: "They said they wanted to be like Dallas. They celebrated like Dallas.”
Thanks, Jim. Hope all's well Down Under.
i dont know what to do :( help me
Regard it as just as desirable to build a chicken house as to build a cathedral.
the only thing better would've been a large Reichenbacher dosage of "Good Day Sunshine" for your wake up ringtone.
wowww out of all the times for my ipod to die.. and now my phone is too! grrrr
It really sucks to feel like ur getting lied to...
YOLO caught a BOLO Because His Girl went SOLO and Met a BOZO. I told him to buy a house!
Nothing like the look on students' faces like when you spring small group activity on them.
The easiest way to find something lost around the house is to buy a replacement.
Sorry, dude RT I love when reporters jump on someone else's tweet and make it about themselves.
I cant waite till Friday though :)
And just like them old stars, I see that you've come so far, to be right where you are.
why do you say such things?
getting some FroZenYo is the only thing I demanded for
#BALLS to you~!
Made it tEEth, thanks to you! Will see Rude Mechs Tuesday if I can manage to get in -- I bet it's utterly sold out.
Bringing these areas into harmony can make us better in each & allow us to have a greater impact.
Gillette ground crew...ballin'
we should hang after you're done with everything. Yes?
Oh boy. If that was the case you'd have to send someone over to break up the fight!! :)
i want my bbm back:(
I hate news like this. Makes me so sad.
it plays too damn much.. lol
cant wait till i move and get it done and over with!
bring me some.
You're welcome. I enjoy reading your tweets!
Go check out awesome christian rock band ,
Well the evening's not a complete loss. Cops is on. #vcu #rva Great job, RAMS!
I thought it was genius!
Justins on Ridiculousness next :D
You read my mind. I can't stop yawning!! RT : Must take a nap.
Wheeeewwwww I'm full now!!! And I have some to take home but I doubt I will.
I'm watchin NBA highlights and ol boy on the bucks ran like he wanted to get at David West, got free and stopped. He ain't want it from West
Dear people who get pregnant their first month trying: I hate you. Sincerely, frustrated.
Gorgeous Sunday afternoon and I'm in a gym watching volleyball.
"Drink Responsibly" is the beer companies way of saying: "CYA" to anyone who blames us for drunken drivers & OWI's.
Hi peeps !
Haha. Bad timing, indeed. Horace Clarke?
what contest !!! i really want to be in there
You are an idiot..
Taylor Gang or eat lunchables for thanksgiving.
About to hit the #ShowerFlow and then come out and watch the rest of this game.....
Make sure to stay all the way through the credits!
omg guess what
:: happy 15th anniversary CMT, let's make it another 15 years of great country music, now go get a room. Champains on me!!!!
haha ;) nope and now I'm reconsidering ever adding one when I'm inviting ppl to do jobs in my home!....
CHRISTIAN CAN YOU FOLLOW ME PLEASE?
how about a photo of in Cleveland with the Lake Erie Midges "bugging" him?
professional natural stone and tile restoration consultant for all Disney parks and hotels. Personal goal.
": Your chapter of my story is over and I've burned the pages." LOL good one
I run in skirts all the time, but the whole concept behind this race irks me.
Will traditional publishers even look at your autobiography if you're not rich/famous?
Always fun when you think you have an original idea, start writing, then realize it's already been done and that person has a book deal.
Q5 Does the overall feeling seem like a good match? Do they communicate well? Do they treat me like a person? Do they act like ppl?
Proximity and familiarity drive access to Informal learning from Bob Mosher
Less than 12 hours til our new song will be posted over at www.battleofthebands.com/morelikethemovies
That is until my fave player tears his ACL or something like that..... Wait, what happened?
at the game you?
Brandon. See Her (is that your real name) and Kat. You all made the list! Those are my last slots!
Calling it an early night tonight.
RT : Tip to all my natural hair wearing friends -keep a clear shower cap in your car and purse for rainy days better than an umbrella
Back in the saddle at the Integrated Learning Institute after a great time at #scms12 in Boston
also, i have found a magical pen, the pentel vicuna 0.7mm. it makes me want to write for pure joy of seeing ink on paper
The ideas that I plant in my mind grow in to real conditions...Planting the seed for the week, so that I can harvest in Feb...5 weeks out!
Wondering how google search always knows what I want to search.
Thanks to I forgot how obsessed I was with #onedirection ...
5d mark II sweet choice man way cheaper then mark I and it's still similar enough.
RT : you know ladies is giving us prgramming that makes us feel good. Start with one show. If you build it it will come
Need t-shirts for (and me too!)
There's something boiling inside me.
Did not realize you can not pump your own gas in New Jersey or Oregon
Eagles don't fly with the pigeons
. Yes, but as you noted, Maraniss's book didn't come out until this cycle. Surely some of this should have been reported in '08
I HOPE PAUL HIGGINS DIES OF OBESITY HAHHAHAA
#CrazyParents posting #ExtremeParenting video's on Facebook and Youtube to teach #BrattyKids a lesson is #disturbing. #CrazyIs as
I HATE AP WORK..... CANT KEEP FOCUSED.
R.I.P TO ALL THE REAL NIGGAS WORLD WIDE...
Just saw Hunger Games at Downtown Disney Highly recommended. Thanks,
Shoot yall call me a bully or a monster.but we should ALL keep a close eye on mo.Damn I was gonna set da females free but mo got other plans
Squee | RT : Happy President's Day to my personal favorite, –mo
awesome! No problem :)
lol do you have any friends that would like to be in it
There's a story behind every pretty face
thanks boo I will!
Work was great had an AWESOME morning :)
Quote of the night "I don't have it..I'm a house DJ" cc:
Also my fantasy
What's the cheapest way to get unlimited train rides from NJ to NY plus unlimited subway rides for 5 days?
i sent you the photos
My day has been made.
Way to copy my reply -.- lmao & good times
when we were transitioning 2 a team account we were merging multiple folders... multiple users... multiple shared settings
oy vey..no Gregg. Let's just close it out nice and easy.
Sounds like you need a belt.
hey, you're in rosemont? i'm from west philly & merion, work on phila area quakers. stuck(ish) in dc now; miss home.
Will you please pray for this mom? RT : I'm losing the babies. :( Please pray for us.
I'm 20 years old and still insist everyday is twin day
Come on Guys. Please.
It's only awkward if you make it that way.
How the Hell are ya? Lunch? Let's be random.
must have missed it!
Is McGehee Playing tonight?
Oscar is gone!!?? I think he had alot to offer just alittle more time @ FashionStar
COME VISIT ME ONE DAY AND I'LL GIVE YOU HALF PRICE FOODS
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Sonicare Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
when you have finally managed to put machines inside of people who find themselves living inside of machines... wold of wires - opens 01/06
RT : You are CONFIDENT... you are powerful...
I don't call it nappy if it isn't nappy tho but some females don't take care of their hair, therefore their hair is nappy.
“: At least I'm not stuck performing at a shit hole like The Pit.” oh shit twitter beef?
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D
First person getting bull dozed is the beast.
thx to everyone that made our #sxsw trip a huge success. hope to be back to #Austin soon
If she has a hamster, she's too young for you bro!
I'm adding RSS feeds to my blog, and I can't find yours! Please oh please let me link to your words of whimsical wisdom.
love the show! Just wish DVDs of the past series would be released... :)
OMG! I am so excited about tonight even though I'll have to wait to watch.
Ah Seatle I remember it well. Loved Portland as well
just popped a couple nyquil. commence comatose state.
Watching red bull toasted.
Get the latest from Creative Rebellion's marketing dept. Now on Twitter !
BANNED IN NC!! "Marriage between one man & one woman is the only domestic legal union that shall be valid or recognized in North Carolina"
just sent some tracks yoru way
Bed time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
People doing stupid shit
... And I think she misses my body warmth cause she's slowly moving over to me to get her cuddle partner back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
What's your pick for tomorrow's two Championship games?
Bristol Palin has the gall to criticize Obama for gay marriage when she had premarital sex & got knocked up before marriage?
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: Always on Twitter or FB? Start getting paid for it, plus Chris Conoan says 1st real snow in metro by Wed.!
what ever happened to DiPoetro for the isles, he was solid when he was on
Bored. I want McDonalds.
Opening of "Sea Surf Sun" group show at Clic Gallery in New York on 23rd June - Hawaii photog Wayne Levin is one of the artists exhibiting
Oh, I have plans. Can you come over this week? o: or next?
Its the only time a Football team from Cleve,gets a win over a Pittsburgh Football team,they are celebrating in Cleveland
Only thinq ima do to dha bitch is pass her fast
how come i got a text saying vote for ?froma number i dont know?...
Yowza! Time to start going through boxes!
Glad you're coming! Thank you for your interest in improving the lives of children in need!
idk he hit me up today we suppose to chill tomorrow if the doctor say its cool for me to be out
Where you dropped them?
is hoping we can finally start external QA this week... We've been waiting long enough!
Considering how often we used to listen to that record, I don't see how that's even possible.
live tour of the Blazers locker room now at www.trailblazers.tv!
check out the music!www.reverbnation.com/slimgoodiecandy
Floyd the Barber from the Andy Griffith show
is listening to Steven Curtis Chapman.
Thank you Nina!
Its going to be a beautiful-sunny-warm January day & what a day 2 Sonic #Baltimore #Annapolis >8212 Liberty Rd-Bmore/Solomons Isl Rd-Edgewtr
you love it (;
they must've ironed out that bug - Siri now says, "I don't know that, but I can search the web for you."
Busy day around here- President Obama is peacin' out to the West coast for some campaign stops!
I hate when people "opens up a can of worms".... It makes me think of a can of worms
In response to an article I read about Tiger, the over under wins in 2012 is 2.5. I say 3 wins plus 1 major (Master's). What say Yee?
": God cares about what stresses us out... "Cast all your anxiety on Him, because He cares for you." 1 Peter 5:7"...amen :)
Your pussy galore costume is insanely sexy. Gene is a lucky man to have you as a patient and forgiving woman.
Show went super well thanks to and everyone else who was there! Always going getting support
tonight at the Brooklyn bowl. Lots of people and great ideas.
Is diablo 3 worth the buy?
I think I stole the churches pen.... IM SORRY JESUS!
barriers to OSS selection: unfamiliarity with OSS solutions; lack of internal technical skills & formal commercial vendor support
Q4) unpacking builds deeper understanding and retention of key concepts eapecially relationships
A night of studying; Google AdWords, Optimization, and Analytics. Thanks Youtube for not making me READ these things.
Good workout, new tires on the car, massage, mani/pedi, lunch with moms.. Nice lil Saturday so far :)
My dog has been in one of those things off and on for like 2 months! so sad..what happened?
Being on Twitter and fangirling over Austin, instead of reviewing for exams and doing your homework.
Headache... Not sure why. Holistic medicine here I come.
I guess I should #floss before I
For some REAL fun, create a master account doc.... #wheresmypersonalassistant ?
Come get a free issue of the paper, coffee and doughnuts at the BBJ’s Tweetup Aug. 14 at 9 a.m.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
and....im in Connecticut!
lmfao a car hit our bus now we cant get off the bus -.-
The team is pretty much awesome. Big thanks to & Sami...y'all rock.
Only time they talk is when you getting money when they gone realize you in another dimension<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> I CANT MAKE THIS UP!
RT via : We scored one for the home team! Thank you Sacramento! No one thought we would be here but us!
How To Become A Better Trader?! Forex is a great business but to be profitable we need to learn how to trade!
i am omg
when you sneeze while driving to work and can't control the things you're holding in your hands.
... and the 2nd one will be a closely contested race w/ a player that in hindsight was nowhere near the player Robin was
Incredible hit under pressure by David Freese, 2 strikes, bottom 9th, series on the line. Baseball at its best.
Chex Mix, Diet Coke. You?
Hm... What to eat tonight. Any suggestions?
Love you back!!
aiight got it
Safe flight today, , and good luck in your interview! You're gonna rock that bitch, sister wife!
I will know more tomorrow afternoon what my night looks like should be able to make it
Woah, I forgot I brought coffee in today!
No problem! :)
we shall respect our elders by buying you a shot at HQ!
You don't realize how strong a person really is until you see them at their weakest moment.
Q1 wrapping up, how are you handling work flow or bottle necks on your team in IT? Staff aug helps push through those hurdles. Ask me how...
Most of TOs major league sports business franchises offer sports-as-entertainment to sell season tickets in stadia and TV program content.
Twitter jail does exist!I was locked for 4 straight hours.
We're having such a great time here at BAK Middle School! Today we have Musicianship Classes, listening sessions, and Ensemble Rehearsals!
Dancers are probably the only people who get excited when they receive nail clippers and nail files as gifts.
Jesus: I could barely stand and one eye was bruised and crushed. I could only see through My left eye.
yup! I'll be there.
Haha! I ordered flowers to my mom's job once and she didn't go to work that day. I was salty. Lol! Now I only do same day!!
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils! ~ Louis Hector Berlioz
so true!!
Not weird at all. I too struggle with wanting a warmer place. I have several color combos in mind too, just can't decide.
I want tickets!
Wow, apparently i need to start a smug blog... RT : Technically, I'm getting paid to watch the NFL Draft. Just FYI.
Watching the game 1st time to see a game living out in Vegas Embarrassed to be a fan Guess defense stops being taught after college
So fun! From coworking in Capitol Hill, Seattle to Capitol Hill, Denver. Ha! Love how the #coworkingvisa does that!
C. Darwin maybe had best perspective. Creative + resourceful = evolution. Traditional schooling is stifling & families seek air.
rollin with Love the interface and customizations. Thanks for the heads up.
Twinkle Twinkle little whore, your at school not jersey shore. Your a slutty orange mess. Please go find a longer dress. (;
Welcome to the
we are going to do some major celebrating! A small shopping trip? ;)
My beard is taking over my face.
I really need to find some sleep if I am going to fully enjoy the midnight showing of The Goonies tonight.
I hear ya on the vacation. That's what I NEED right now. I usually fly home to LA to visit my folks.
know what pisses me off? "SyFy". What happened to "SciFi" and the good ol' days with Sliders, Stargate, (new) BSG, MST3k, etc...
They will consider a 10% "good will" discount if we spend $78 to have them inspect it again. They had it 1 month ago.
#Goodluck1D good luck boys ,you've gone very far ,us directioners are very proud <3
better remember that come football season Go COWBOYS
the incredibly well-drawn and engaging "Demo" by Brian Wood and Becky Cloonan
Your 65 year old patient knows about your NK love?!
hey - thanks for mentioning our work in the Sacramento area. Much appreciated!
Some cool names we came across this week: 1) Zither - instrument 2) Adze - tool 3) When Pigs Fly - vegan bakery 4) Singing Rock
"The national debt is only a problem if the debt is growing faster than the economy." -James Surowiecki () on this morning.
kick em in the face!!
Putting together a current events online discussion & want to connect w Raisin in the Sun -- ideas for resources? Thank you!
So is anyone staying after with Brennan tomorrow for the Bio final.....
POLL: Which #NBC4 tweep is most likely to be a #DC history fan? or ?
“: Ewwww my bro feeling his self”You Already Know!!!
thanks for the advice! on the 8th day, God gave us those green spill sticks! we miss you around here!
Dear #NHL, please don't turn into the #NFL and start treating goalies like QBs. Tootoo did nothing wrong.
RT : This is the problem with getting attached to someone. When they leave you, you just feel lost.
I agree. I have a niche as a lawyer dedicated to defending police officers - and love this niche.
Ask him if he still is in touch with Wilson, and her what she and Lebowski named the baby.
OHMYGOD SCREW YOU!!! Stop blowing my phone up!! Your at 30.. Geez.
Comcast doesn't have it - feel free to tweet the score once in awhile :0)
totally agreeing with you right now.
i love yall
im sorry im not horny.......
Wooster hosts Sweet 16 and Elite Eight, could be the biggest Woo v. Witt game EVER if they both win Friday.
Delta Airlines will save 300million a year in fuel and keep Business in the States
Need HGH and another mild steroid
#IReallyHateWhenPeople stare in my face like they know me...
I hear you star...
My competitive side came out big time today with as we played tennis!
big diff tami straight bullied her for something stupid tami needs help
Aww, you won't get to see my awkward self in a dress! :P I hope you have fun though :)
Enjoying my time at home in Chicago before i make my way over to #SaoPaulo Brazil!! i need my fill of Pao de Quiejo!
Have fun, girl <3
Lot full at udvar Hazey and the streets of Chantilly are packed as if there was a ticker tape parade for the Redskins.
#TIP Tweets with a username first are invisible to people that don't follow you both—begin with .@ to make public
Kick start the week with half priced bottles of wine all day at Goldfish!
Watching the deer prance in freedom from the side porch sipping coffee...joy!
Thank you Richard Chudnow from ! So glad you were apart of "An Evening with the Arts" !!!
Got my single of The White Stripes' "Hand Springs" today. It looks sexy, and it pretty much describes my mood right now.
I haven't been this happy in months. It feels nice. n_n
back on twitter
for most trips Long Beach is much better..
Aahhh U learn something new everyday! Thank U again. ;-)
I Just saw a rainbow ! :D
I'm just a good multitasker :) Hope all is well with you!
Congrats to Linda Ohler, winner of 2012 American Society of Transplantation Clinician of Distinction Award!
Is it wrong that I get excited when Dragic does pretty much anything tonight?
Another great day of football. Big win by the Giants. Very confused, Rex said Jets own New York. Hm.
I miss you and love you loads more </3 And trust me, when ever I can, I am. Seriously, we need to actually have a phone call!
“: Reading this tweet at the bar on a Wednesday night. #singlegirlproblems” haha
How do you or how can you reward yourself without spending money? Really I would love to know.
I can't hear anyone right now, with yelling and all that in his tweets
I hope they are too big to fail. lol
Check us out on Facebook! www.facebook.com/therealdealjazz
Ok, for you it Thursday. ;)
very cool! I used to live on 3rd. I miss LQA quite a lot.
Stranded at paige's moms house... Someone come get us
Replies I've been getting are saying multi-player in BattleField 3 is much better. Will have to give that a try. Campaign has been meh.
There should be a limit on ALLCAPS as well RT If you put an "urgent" flag on every single email you send, you need to plan better.
babe I can't call tonight.. but ill call tomorrow k
"You're name is terrainio"
National Grilled Cheese Day = Yuk
Hope everyone is having a great Tuesday and enjoying this awesome Spring Weather
On my way to AWP. Getting warmed up with some hugging, handshaking and back patting calisthenics.
so aparently y computer dosent want me to listen to love line cause im an idiot and cant figure it out fuck my life time for sleeping pill
damn another productive day just to do it all over again tomorrow lol
Sometimes, music is the only thing that can describe unspoken words.
me too its So good CountryGirl:)
Thanks for highlighting us! We might update the infographic soon.
I KNOW, RIGHT?!
if your man enough to bring a child into the world, be man enough to take care of it.
ibhave Barolo's and Brunello's coming out of my eyeballs...help!
So freakin hot in Texas!!!!
In the LOCEA meeting where legislators will be speaking about the public education audit, reports from the superintendent, among others
#ThingsIGetAlot dirty looks and death threats
follow back skid
absolutely!! I can't wait! :-)
Yes,I do. trying 2 think of a good ex R A2 do u think companies/products brands can be in both best practice categories?
Hi! We <3 but we are a ! :) How long do you think you'll be with us?
Thx #dancesymp for a great panel on data & dance! Enjoyed all of your questions, learning from you
Thanks for the mention.
GM! RT : GM to the #HIH crew and MelMaree!
- Sorry we missed each other. It was a crazy busy week.
Education as pure science ... NOT
Yeah! I'm on team Dragon for 2012
yea I can tell. I dig it though haha. I'll have send you some snippets. He'll have your project right bro
I don't care who you are or how old you are if u don't respect me, I'm not respecting you.
oh okay. How was your day?
oh my o.o haha
RED is going to change and improve their ordering process by February.
who is the organizer of the fair?
People that update there Facebook but can't text you back... SMH...
OK no biggie. n I asked u about Angelina Castro is cause she is out here u can c her when u come
The Formal Opening is just a few hours away. Are you attending?
this weekend #gametime tradition
Jeremy Guthrie 1 of the nicest, coolest guys in the bigs but I hope the Crew kills him today
Epic always works in that way. No doubt excellent planning was executed!
Great #commencement this week. Everyone should conclude their hooding ceremony with a marching band.
Planet Amazing Launches New Environmentally Friendly Pest Control... The EPA has approved Planet Amazing 's non-toxic pest control and ho
Thanks to the expansion of the digital world, information on fashion is endless. What is your fashion blog?
So many fun apartment things. So little money.
D'Antoni is a quitter. Word is he just resigned..
He's the worst texter ever hhah ;p
I try , I try . I love me too lol jk I said jk ! God I hate people like that .. But I love you too roodytoot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
": When things get out of control I suggest turning into it while gently tapping the brake."
catching up on , <3 's interviews but heartbroken theres no audience. how are mom and i supposed to go to the show now??
Happy me 41 followers follow
great stuff Mike good for you and them both Congrats
Writing sesh with
124 days, three hours.
“: 15 hr days when you're on a salary contract<<<" You got to love it! I know you're getting up in the morning and doing it again.
I'll be back in Miami soon :) RT me and still need to shoot with you eventually...
Shawn where are you?
Current will be crazy tonight with 6 dj's DJ G SPOT ED THE BRUCE, MOH DUCIS ,DJ VICIOUS , DJ JONNY, DJ LUCKY, LASER LIGHT SHOW! EPIC NIGHT!
Ahahahahah that's what girls are for!
because i am?
thanks, MG. Education, statistics, public awareness, actually authoring the leg.
replies to everyone but me spanks
is on ESPN now, check him out!
#GDC Crime City, TinyZoo, TapZoo say that with more distribution channels closing, the app reviews become even more crucial
THE MYSTERY WRITERS is on sale this week for $2.99. Interviews and writing advice from bestsellers, award winners:
Chocolate &amp;amp; Fruits:The most popular and delicious chocolate dipped fruit is strawberry
are they legitimately still on the bubble?
Parents just left to go clubbing.
Remember when we had 15 minute break? :c
Had a great flight and is in PA : )
Great AD swap. Trade Lisa Love at ASU straight up for Dan Guerrero of UCLA !!
Have a very important day tomorrow!
Disney channel makes me feel like a little kid again, I am loving this! (:
#MUSTFOLLOW will follow back
World of Warcraft? :D
#Dodgers take lead on four singles. #Brewers wolf needs help.
"Efficiency is intelligent laziness." -- Woody Paige, Around The Horn (on his chalkboard)
Follow us on FB from the May 1st Roll out
Are you then!
#OneDirectionAreComingHome Never have I been so excited that they get to go home. bout time, they deserve it
Being healthy is all about making choices. Taco Time NW seems to understand this; that’s why there are so many ways to customize.
Car accident on Alderaan Rd. How fitting!
BIG NEWS CUMING SOON
breakfast in bed. It's not fair that you only got to have 1 mothers day, and I don't even remember it. All these people who have kids and...
SJP IS SO FIERCE!!!
I didn't find shit at the mall!!! Maybe becuz I don't even have room for my clothes that I already have from toledo......
I have always been highly attracted to sand and water. grew up near the beach.
Creating new Habits is Key to Change!
Me, too! RT : I really really wish I could present as well as
nah nah nah lol
But really...
A snow day is a great day to dream about this year's Golf-on-a-Stick Outing! Share your ideas for this or other events. We're planning today
Come see us in
Awesome bands. Great fans. I even did a shot with Randal Cobb. I think I like this place.
#101gadgets is so great. can't wait to see what makes the top 10!!!
People actually use iBooks?
Don't you mean - exhausted to collaborate
I wonder where I can find that Harvard Jeremy Lin jersey in a kid's size.
I'm in boulder for a grad party.
"it was cheaper to treat kids for free than to take Denti-Cal." Dr Cindy Weideman
High Manhattan rents + low interest rates = a busy real estate market and a busy me!
That and anything that contains the word 'kerfuffle'.
just checked out your bon iver cover. I will email him the link. I subscribed to your YouTube, Facebook and reverb. Awsome!
“: I've just recently seen your menu and I wanted to try every item... I'm very impressed. That doesn't happen very often”
thanks for the RT!
I live in LA & it's my dream to visit the iCarly set! Please tell me how? You even shot iCarly in my school in LA! :) <U+E328>
Ok, good.
Joining kevin honeycutt on #edweb.net "inspiring teachers--changing lives" Should be fun.
#Caps overall tried & stuff... Don't want 2 get too salty over the loss. But, hey, DC sports.
There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends. Thomas Fuller
Really Nashville? A Johnny Cash Museum? You're walking the line.
Live for today...Plan for tomorrow...Party tonight..!!!
sounds to me like the guy you are reffering to does not know what he's doing... Just an observation ;-)
Ironing the super-rumpled collar of shirt for dinner tonight. Can't look shabby at , I got a rep to maintain there! :p
Might as well head over there now, smh @ Bucky!
Hello world
;) auctions Treatment Regenerator for dry and damaged hair FULL KIT
yeah he picked a quality picture..
Greystones Group is applying the latest innovative tech to Gov IT
Stop counting hoe RT : Twelve days twitches!!!!
LOVING #Falling Through Holes! Thanks for pulling me out of mine! Where's my next AP exclusive??
"What is so gooey in my pocket?" - overheard at work
Cool! RT : Heartland Actors Repertory Theatre to restore "Shakespeare on the Canal" in 2012,
Happy birthday wish I could have been up to party!
Tomorrow is National Pack Your Lunch Day! Order a pizza or two tonight & use the leftovers for lunch tomorrow!
what a cutie!
Don't make other people use the lighters tonight.
wet Republic sundays let's go!
It's kind of hard not to get distracted when a respected colleague tells you their favorite movie is "Ishtar".
Me too! PS I miss you.
#LEAVELOHANTHONYALONE we all have fucking opinions.
Just followed , gotta see u on television, like ASAP!!!!! Can't wait!
Not hard to measure social media. Just hard to quantify it. Via
RT " "C.J. Miles said there could've been better communication between Tyrone Corbin and him, as well as team."
Just saw a really cute little girl being pushed in a stroller. Guy pushing her was carrying a large gun on his belt. Welcome to AZ.
BREAKING!!! UFC officially refuses to sign/sanction immediate rematch tonight in Fairfax between Bryce Harper & his bat
I thought about getting some posters to autograph for my boy
"[H]aving thus chosen our course ...with pure purpose, let us renew our trust in God, and go forward without fear and with manly hearts."
When the family calls I have to go #WorkFlow It's my occupation guys!
What is a Natural Hair Meet-Up Day? Lol. We come up with some creative reasons to congregate!
I miss you too! I'm pretty sure I had like 3 heart attacks....scariest thing EVER!
yayyy! We're doing great. Miiigghhht even have some news on those recordings for you soon ; ) Miss our Maine/main lovelies!
Thinking bdubs for tonight
#HoodAccountPasswords young money
Thanks for the follow. We are working hard to support Florida entrepreneurs via our funding portal!
If we ever spell anything wrong its most likely he blows
hoping 49ers make it. Vernon Davis is into curling, big time. Hope you do stop by and give it a go! Travel safe to SF and Indy!
I just need 9 more followers..:)
we don't have to instagram everything guys
Finest men in the theater all great on their respective platforms.
only if handies count.
Thanks! How was your Mothers day?
thanks for coming and thanks for all the real time tweets! #Barrio pop-up
Follow me... Please:'3
Going to try not sucking at sit-ups for once in my life.
"twitter is like a cocktail party" amen!
Spit it out or go home!
Let's Go Lakers
How bout that Blackhawks win last night?! Be sure to watch game 6 at Theory tomorrow at 8pm!
check out my last tweet
Girls talk shit for the dumbest reasons.
i love yu too
only with your breath. <U+E11D>
im just a random twitter just tweetin dats all
Wishing I was in the green room of on Happy Day!!
SXSW & being gluton free sucks...no beer. A glass of white wine please. Stutter Home has intro me to Kettle One. So much for no hard booze
So christmas is still good went to 2 parties ugh tired.....
How're things with you?
Early call in a few hrs but still charged from Terry Berland class. Can't sleep, mind whirling...
as it should be! Congrats!
Good afternoon people, Happy Superbowl Day!
I talk to my human all the time....he mostly listens. Woof!
Hey wats up twitter!!!!
nothin bored in class
Center for Competitive Politics doesn't oppose disclosure in theory, just in practice? hm
Michele Bachmann said homosexuality was enslavement. Bitch, enslavement means you are a slave and gay means lots of sex and cool clothes
Purple Flow again With my crew singing songs we sound BAD ! Lol we all said we would never get good at it
Seriously, I filled out about 50 captchas, wasted half an hour, called the line 20+ times only for it not to sell me tix. What a nightmare.
THERE R F'NG HIPSTERS EVERYWHERE IN MY NEW TOWN! AH
if you were a transformer you'd be Optimus fine ;D
I'm reading that now, too.
make a status about me!
What should you do if you accidentally threw away your English assignment...
doesnt mind the idea of moving to portugal...as long as dottie and lily can come.
i love u :* please tweet me! xox
Join Russ Kick, , and at the Rubin Museum next Wednesday for the launch of The Graphic Canon! Get your tix now!
Have your bought your Mega Millions lottery ticket yet? Or are you in line? Tweet us your photos!
"It’s kind of fun to do the impossible." Walt Disney
Me thinks now is a good time for some
PICTURES ,AFTER THE SHOW.....new body, new shape....
UPDATE 1-Kingspan sales rise, notes dip in sentiment
next will be hair club for men
achieve the desired results. Extensive skin angiomas may require other forms of treatment. .keloidsurvey.com
Heartbreaker for Caps. Amazing game.
I LOVE Haters stay jealous tbh
no no u are
In the language of econ, those other forces are regulatory or constrainting
aww yay you found a science ken! lol. and wow yeah you're def busy! :) what's love for sail?
heyy how r u would u follow me please
you can! Lol I need to go to sleep..
no communication from the fellas. Let me know if u all r in NYC or MIA or CHI for new years eve
Officially done handing in stuff for the semester. Wondering how one assignment got voted down. Still, bring on the summer.
Why the sudden appearance of twitters for the guys' body parts/clothing/personalities?
RT : We are so nerdy but I love it!
If you've got a Blog rich in images, jump on the Pinterest Rocket! What a Powerhouse of Traffic!!
But what if wondering what they will eat tomorrow got boring?
Need a shower....i smell like Ihop and shit :/
I'm twatting pictures all over the place.
Have you noticed your leftist "friends", if you have any, claiming "no recollection" lately? Effort to get E. Warren some credibility? ,)
can you believe everything that has happend to you??? Because I can't <3
RT : People who make commitments to reach their goals are the ones who are going to reach them. Zig Ziglar
there are more for you than are against you. Be encouraged today :)
New in tallboy cans this weekend Deviant Dale's. These guys might be our faves, and this beer shows exactly why.
Aww, thanks! It was... interesting. Hahahaha.
reminds me of the time T.roosevelt received that parking ticket on Penn Ave in 1906.
nice what time to stop by for some southern cooking lol...
Hi, TP Thx 4 flwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
no i never thought about home schooling. besides she`d rather having me going 2 school
loves #nafsaAD because she gets to say "on the hill" during her speech
(c) she'll realize things can get better
Happy that Sugar found a trusting human ;) Reminds me of some of the pix you posted of Miki & BabyAngus.
": #ThingsIReallyCantStand Seeing someone flirt with the person you like."
I don't like to talk about people BUT this ratchet lady is horrible mother. Why are you yelling at a two year old. Bad parenting 101.
uh-has it been through the wash?
Quiet day at home.
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 4
Question asked about distribution and how you do that--
Barack Obama does it again! making history for human rights with gay marriage support: what a great man! the moral high round once again!
Worth it RT : Toll House Ice Cream Chocolate Chip Cookie Sandwich packs nearly as many calories as a Big Mac!
returning student, 40 y/o, first gen grad, much leadership experience first time in college 20+ years ago. want to share it!
Desire a #nude special vacation 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
goodmorning! starting the day with Aerobics class :) y'all have a great day
I read your e-mail exchange and I thought your response was insightful. I think you are way more "right" than your friend.
I apologize for confusing Keenan and Kel, but SNL's acting has gotten turrible
": These cats fuckin wit these syrup sammich ass hoes....its steak and shrimp on this end!! Lol" you silly which 1 am i
I *know*! The madness of it all!
Flatbread Feature: Chicken, mushroom, tomato, onion, spinach, provel & mozzarella Soups: White Chicken Chili or Chilled Berry Gazpacho
that was already the plan
but... but thats so plain!!! i guess its just timeless.... WHATS UP!? :D
I'm going to be okay
New old Lompoc?
you get on somewhere! and atleast you got a follower .
"naught may endure but mutability." - shelley.
Please don’t hesitate to pass along any cool NYC info you may know of to me. I will definitely pay it forward.
Worry about you.
it inspired me to make mushroom lasagna tomorrow :)
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/06/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Everything happens for a reason.
Only 45 more minutes to vote online for your favorite on #DWTS! I already voted!
Do you have insurance? Can you afford to see a doctor if you get sick? Do you have access to affordable health care? If not call us for help
Off to Craigslist Boot Camp to talk about cross-sector collaboration. Super stoked.
Word --> Data for "content creation" is inherently incurious.
#lowkey dk where the heck we are. I been sleep most of the ride.
Happy Valentine's Day! <U+2665>
Sometimes I feel like I'm more mature than my mom is.... Turning up the tv as loud as it can go to drown out my brother
I'm a lonely unicorn that's why. And valentine's day is coming up, ugh. Oh well I like cats anyway, they better.
Included lyrics about smashing pumpkins AKA Rihanna in his Theraflu remix
word. should be ah-PEETZ!
Besto Pesto being sold at East Bay Church today. 41st and Telegraph. Til 3pm
That which is worthwhile IS worth the xtra effort. Give it all you got! It's just when you think it won't happen that it DOES!
I scheduled a trip on the Vikings-Dallas game day? What a screw up.......
My greedy landlady, well off SVA / Pace teacher, oppressor of working class behind closed doors, takes students to OWS
NO Doubt!
Thanks for the RT! What are your thoughts on Freedom plaza now?
The thought of doing hills at practice in this heat <<<<
the Salvation Army ladies have left. Cariboi bois are now supplying my daily allotment of overhearing malicious gossip.
If you expect the worst from someone, that's what you get, but if you ecpect the best, you get more. That's what I think.
hey! ah i remember haha sure thing lovely :) Are you going to any of next years shows? .xx
Just wrote this crazy male pop joint last night... hope God blesses it!
Shoot me an email. We can also discuss over
"You couldn't get me high enough to eat that."
Can we see Donald Trump's birth certificate for his hair? Certainly can't come from this country. just askin'
fuck you,fuck you,fuck you *bernie mac voice*
Pidgeons in the airport?
our #300 Follower wins a Free POSTER! who's it gonna be? .. TIME TO TAKE YOUR PLACE! YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS
Awesome, we can't wait to see them! :)
Trending in #Sweden right now is Steve Jobs and #WhoWantsToBeAMillionaire . Living in the past, guys.
I shouted no, did you hear me;-)
Don't have much left in me....
Avery Bradley headed to the locker room.
ok just let me know when
Pork shoulder went on the smoker at 430 this am, hoping in 12 hours I have something to brag about.
Thanks so much for the #FF! We're honored. Also - Thank YOU for being an advocate for good health in
you got some shit to say , I suggest you to hold it in. bitch.
hoping that I can donate my beard to those in need at some point.
There are times we must evaluate ourselves by the passion and effort made, not the results. Learn, grow, and move forward.
ok, now i see itt c:
I did too but people were saying there were more
Girl You Got My Heart And Soul 4-3-12:)
Any specific burgers to recommend. Gotta hit this up for pre-game tomorrow.
All my followers: If you like great comment and beautiful photography of (mostly) French romanesque churches then follow:
My co worker and i go to school together but the only time we hang out is when we're home. Smh
Kodak rep questions whether they will still produce film stock in four or five years. Preservation committee meeting
Our day just got even better thanks to ! Thanks for your help :)
The best day of the year is just 2 months away!! Major things are in the works!
Happy birthday to lily bethany... Just kidding... I hate you both
Im the luckiest boy in the world to have owns my heart :-)
that's wassup
#MyTop5LadyGagaSongs Boys Boys Boys
Well let's hope my surgeon got enough rest and is ready to work today
BRUCE!!!! “: Put my iPad on stretch mode in photo booth and handed it to my dad. He says, "jeez I look fat."”
I always get butterflies in my stomach, which they say is a good thing. I just don't want to fall down or have a brain freeze lol.
The 2012 men's basketball #ACCB1G Challenge matchups will be out at 2 pm ET today. Who do you think NC State will play?
kill you
I just discovered you on Youtube. The bit about your wife's break away dress was hilarious Congrats..I see you found her
Many of us only read the Word on Sunday Morning. Plan to read the bible regularly.
how's it going? Been a while since I've heard from you! You should come climb again soon!
Running on 5 hours of sleep
thank you!!!
Words can't express how awful the #PSU crisis is for the alleged victims. provides honest #sportsPR perspective. ow.ly/7qng2
Watching #weightofthenation. Are you? Let's get #healthy!
i am seeking recommendations for cellphone rentals in Spain --> thanks all!
Classes are almost over!!
Hi- Happy New Year!
So young when the pain had begun, now forever afraid of being alone..
decision of the day, idunno if wanna produce a beat or do sum writing and record sumthin. either way im gettin this money
But i texted . Just on lock down now you trying to act like you aint get it
What gets rid of scars?
um where's my invite?? Haha
Congratulationfoun going GOLD!! RT : BOOK ME! . Dates going FAST!!!
Quick! What's the last song that got stuck in your head?
Took my father on a float trip down the San Juan River in Northern New Mexico today. What an awesome day! Thank you Lord!
It's grown on me.
Or the sister place, KushiBar on 2nd in Belltown. Have you been there? Owned by the same folks.
get it girl
BURAKA! Tormenta Tropical was on fire.
of course! xoxo
Thanks RT i love u,this is called a opposition! Dems vote on non-binding resolution to NOT bring POTUS tax deal to floor
this "impending rapture" debacle better not be a marketing ploy for another sparkly vampire movie
any chance you'll add the ability to change the SlideAway bar's bg transparency soon?
Im confused
Goodnight! Sleep well. If not… melatonin :)
as are you! ahww me too! thanks :> lololol you're welcome, next time I'll hook it up! hahaha :p
where do u live
#sonsofguns #zombies this is gonna be a great episode!
NO DONT BE SCARED TRUST ME HAPPEND TO ME ALOT GO ASK HER OUT BEFOR SOME ONE ELSE DOES lol whats her name do i know her O_O
See you soon!
oh my
Why does this Susan Cain keep calling herself an introvert? She sure is out there talking about stuff on the a lot.
Hotel &amp; Lodging Stock Outlook - May 2012 - Industry Outlook
never maintain.
~80% of tweets and Facebook statuses consist of complaints and boasting. Smh.
just text or tweet me whenever you want to:)
that's awesome!
I don't even know homie but according to the town he aint nuthn but a lil bitch
hahaha.. its an ad I saw during the Phillies game for some cholestoral pill or something. LOL!
Tweet tweet <U+2665>
please do! . thank you!
I'm mad I can't remember the last time I went to IHOP...why is that and ?
yep, the databases I can access are very limited
Hummer limos available this weekend in vegas.
I don't know what to do anymore I haven't even done anything and we aren't talking....I just don't know what to do.
#piracy RT : Yes, it's HBO's fault for putting out something people wanna watch. Shame on them! They deserve it!
Going to have to foot the bill to go to ISTE this year myself. Best rate ends tomorrow.. FYI
yep u just took it there
We're on with Joe Buttafucco and Dennis Hof talking about the boxing match between Buttafucco and Amy Fisher's husband! #Roc 222-6000...
i see u bestie ur att my house and taking pictures lol
what happened G?
Intrigued by ONCE: a new musical. Seems right up my alley, but have not seen the movie to know.
Hahaha u know what that does to me! Lol RT : Oh? *hands u José* «iAmMissKarma This Saturday I will be taking shots tho!!!»
I would wake up if it costed $.99 to press the Snooze button.
Must motivate!! Gym > couch. So hard to move though...
you should roll with some star wars sheets
I know I'm late to the game on this one, but skymap is the bomb
really? Right on! The burger even has kale on it :)
Thank you for the RT!!! Give today~
So tired
I guess that's just the jersey in me.
Well we have a confirmation to play on first US radio station . Mote info coming soon.
I had nothing to do with it. Just repeating something I saw on Facebook. ;-)
Tonight was sad, exciting, and every other emotion in the book. I'm so blessed to have all of these people in my life.
two more weeks! Yours is too!!!
+ Irina Beffa! U r truly amazing. Thank u so much for your continued support. It means the world to us! Keep rockin sister!
Spending the night with Queen Latifah and Dolly!
Big brother on, love the drama
Exactly! I agree. Yes, I'm w/n walking distance. Always forget about the music!
Blake Griffin is a monster in the paint!
Ask Style: What Are Some Shopping Strategies for Black Friday? I 'm planning on scoring some Black Friday sales, but I 'm afraid that eve
no, it was Sam Jackson leading a inter-government agency! That's a pre-Obama joke, but his job turned them off to S.H.I.E.L.D.
made veggie fajitas with black beans, avocado, roasted pablano peppers, and mango salsa for dinner. Eat you heart out Rick Bayless.
Spontaneous Compassion #johnhunter - love love love
Good Morning World!! Currently at 8:25am in Atlanta, GA it is surprisingly warm at 68 degrees. High: 68* Low: 34*
We're not kidding & ! is the brainchild behind this brilliant idea. Stay tuned!
Do it!!! RT : This lock out is killing me I feel like being a dog for a day And pooping on rich people stoops
I don't have your app but listen to Elvis in the morning. I won't any more.
Just talked to some guys who hitch-hiked from Detroit to Portland. They run Trumbullplex Zine Library.
10% of men and 18% of women reported a preference for oral sex to achieve orgasm (Janus & Janus, 1993).
“: 9 minutes 44 seconds” hope that's a track length
Done with class forEVER
Congrats to Charlize Theron & new baby boy! Adoption is a worthy option, TY for ur example: Angelina Jolie, Madonna, Sandra Bullock...
": #NRB12 : #5 Your heart is under constant attack by Satan.
Idk how many times ive said this already but . .
. You are a role model to life's lesson of Ancora Imparo. Thank you : )
Stay tuned for an exciting announcement...
well you were supposed to get one with your ticket, if you do want a hard copy let us know, thanks for coming out!
Romney is on CNN. The Biggest Loser is on NBC. Or vice-versa.
Is it so you are coming to in the fall? Looking fwd to meeting you in person! We're all v excited to have you.
Thank you for the new slogan.. I'm totally gonna use it everyday! :DD
FYI, you can get a free track called "Fall Away" from Dive on www.ReverbNation.com/dive
GO BILLS
Wild Boar Bratwurst today! Chipotle ketchup and more. Also Double Chocolate Brownies
I was in the bathroom... eeeeewwwwwwwwwwww lol
#MyPastRelationships are in my past for a reason and in the past they shall stay.
multi-tasking with Senate floor session in background. I never miss a mention of buffalo wild wings
Truth:)MT “ just watched u vs Lineker.Grt fight but tweet n find the secret of keepin hair tied lol”
Haha help a kid out :) did you follow my personal?
Welcome David! :) Thanks for liking our page. What do you do?
so sad that the show at Billy Bob's sold out before I got tickets! That's awesome tho for y'all :) ....huge fan
About being smiley? You got that down already, boo.
hug the haters and fuck the fans
The rest of my Saturday will be with The IDC #wine vs.
That's just Indy sending regards.
Really wish I could be with my mom today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Woah, serious hiatus from twitter. Apologies. /te
I got that too! I only got $10 off though. What a let down.
you know it man
Always a good time!
Is Mel Gibson causing trouble again?
Hi! What is OSM?
:/ c call demi fat.AND SAYS justin is using selena's fame..LoL...:/
Its funny how a little money (key word little) can change a persons whole attitide....
$2.50 Tuesday! Qtr lb Regular Beef or Polish Beef. Cookies & Cream Brownies today and goin fast
are you two high?
Appreciate that, Scott!
super pumped for #universalstudios and #islandsofadventure tomorrow!
Actually, I uninstalled xobni and still have the same problems.... must be one of my other plug-ins... But thanks!
really? I constantly am chatting with new Internet friends here (that I;m making through the chat)
Today's chopped salad, Diet 7-Up and black coffee has been impeccable.
Followed ya! :D
Recommended a rare song for a 'please like me' mix. PS: fell for you in IDES.
Just landed in philly, somebody play the rocky theme!!!! Where are the cheese steaks? lol
Well god mornin' Georgia..... what a beautiful day....
in next week's ep of :D
Doh! I let my Ludacris reference get the better of me. :) RT : That's Champaign--no bubble here. :-)
Great lunch 2day w/ Amanda Coplin, debut author of The Orchardist (Aug), which Charles Baxter says feels like "a life's work"
Six weeks left to TO Pride and I haven't a thing to wear! Mon Dieu!
Senate Prez pro Tem Steinberg introducing bill 2change API, a measure of school success... LA Chamber wants more focus on employable skills
Click 'like' if you're working towards more love, less handles this Valentine's Day!
I wuv you
Aha i had Chilli too.
yeah we started in Orlando and were pretty successful so we are gonna start playing in Vegas now and tour west coast :]
In honor of Kate Hepbhurn's birthday, the UCLA Anne Edwards Papers includes drafts to her Hepburn biography, A Remarkable Woman.
what we the name o that song you had on your tumblr a while back!?!
Going bowling for my cousins birthday. (:
Nasty - Janet Jackson >>>>
Hm. Not exactly that...She and I became friends during the shoot, as happens on a film set. Who is 'so many of you'?
Hiding? Though, hide and seek would be a very intriguing game. I have a company to run, Ms.Moon.
Michael Jackson ‘romanced Whitney’
In this business it is so important to handle your business. Otherwise your name is compromised.
Thanks to everyone that came out last night! Special thanks to and Teen Mom for sharing the stage with us.
i know aurora told me but still you should call me more often i promise im not busy! im just not at home right now! :/
Going to get Santa's gift for one of my kids from the neighbors garage soon. My son is still too excited to fall asleep. :-)
Droid vs. iPhone is about as "versus" as fish are better than giraffes. Meh.
But hold on I can't lie gurrrrrrrrrrrl yo pussy taste so good
Babysitting Gunner tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
Happy Friday! Who's got game plans this weekend? Post them here and who knows, maybe you'll get some extra support from the locals!
wow never thought of just one favorite PGH athlete, but seeing as my nickname was inspired by Casey Hampton, Snacks it is!
This guy just won Twitter! RT : Hey Spurs-Jazz, 1994 called. They want their playoffs back.
Quiet night is about to begin!
The Mountain Goats music has helped me through more times than any therapist. -JO
Day 41 of 100: I am thankful for this killer combo - discipline & making fun of myself.
Whaaaaats up on this lovely monday?
Linkedin labs to see personal connections and hubs
My favorite queer theorist at the moment is Angela Chase.
I just like the way CT sings it with his deep voice
....picky and proud of it!
They should ask themselves when any English players scored a penalty when it mattered -_-
Fuck love... all it will do is fuck you over in the end.
lol naw jus bad game..covering guys way to big
Everyday it seems as though I'm...I'm just shuffling.
“: Your body is a temple. Mine is an amusement park.”bahaaaaa I wanna see u:)
swag. Lmfao “: #textsthatleadstosex anything I say to a female in a text conversation.”
Congrats! Looking forward to seeing you back on the mound. RT First bullpen today!
is there an effigy of Sam Sianis there? I dont remember. There should be.
I'm trying to go watch you dominate tonight. Got an extra ticket for me? Lol
Working on my family history again. This is so much fun.
You need to stop, have a cocktail and rest. It is done, you wrote it, you know it. Leave it be!!
new joints are sick with rihanna is Blasting that kid
I want to go on our walk/run tonight. Call me :)
What to Do about Our Growing eWaste? Electronic devices contain hazardous ­materials that need proper recycling Chrisy Green In
Great Call with and planning for our final #NYC Iconathon!? Our theme #Transportation !
you make my day, every day
already keep doin' ur thang just like a NINJA
hey looking forward to your phone interview on #fox5 with
#badgirlsclub about to come on.
Is sick of #Hollywood remakes. Who cares to see #KarateKid in movies and #TheAdamsFamily on #Broadway? Get original please!
What's this? "It takes approximately 10-12 business days for the internet orders to update in our records." E-commerce = instant!
San Antonio loves country music! Thanks for written such great tunes! goo.gl/DGMbZ
Reading 's Gold Mountain for
National Honor Society Event ; ima support my fav & Kierra (:
You won't get with her unless your willing to lose one of your bestfriends. Its a win win, she's wasting you time and you still have me (;
Ha Ha I am intrigued as to what you guys are talking about!
phoo. Tell that to Napoli & UEFA; even Mourhino admits it. That he's a superb player who also looks like a king makes it worse.
I can't say I'm suprised given the climate.
100% agreed. “: RT : Instagram should make you choose a Neutral Milk Hotel song to accompany your photo.”
Looking forward to that Girl Talk afterparty
Good morning! “Do what you love, and the money will follow.” - Marsha Sinetar
I love those cookies !! #toldyaso ! Bring me one ! Lol
Eager to see Blofeld saying, "Our chief element is fear. Fear and surprise..."
Back pack leashes for girls that are a drunk hott mess at the club would be acceptable though lol...
": #LexiAndJacobAreDating #Prom2013" we went to prom together this year. You're a year behind.
dont feel bad, at least you managed to use yours at least once. mine didnt even turn on...
This is in Bartlett TN
What was the strategic impact of your CAR (challenge, action, result) story?
Congrats, are you a full time indie now?
Goodnite my queen
Free food and drinks (and valet!) at 5:45 downtown- yes, please. If you know me, text/dm for details.
thanks, the drinking shall commence this evening and it's Alaska so that's all they do here!
you have inspired me to finish my writing projects this year, Radiant Child! thank you!
Head over to nuvo.net and vote for The Bike Line for best local bike shop!!
Movies time!!
husband has more attachment than me and i think he is trying to get me hooked. All I remember is intro.
banning hinders, we need to be in students world, it's all OUR world, meet them where THEY are
we do that here at UVA all the time
Mr has finally joined us on Twitter!
the state is only allowed 3 continuances. So let them keep pushing it back.
Thanks for the re-tweet of ! Keep up the good work defending the sanctity of life. God bless!
I just hope it works *fingers crossed*
I am so excited!! RT 80 degrees this weekend? Yes please.
4cold walls against my will, at least I know he's lying still
PB went as well, i think. Hope they don't ask me to return 10 yrs of salary!
yes, and they should be dealing with Taxmaggedon first anyway.
Thank you! In good company! xo RT
When I hear the word Friday I think of Fun... but maybe that's because of Rebecca Black... not sure anymore.
Being relentless is what separates the legendary from the good.
#ImHopingThat you answer my texts before it's too late.
Go Lions!
Merck Worth $41: Shows Solid Growth And Cost Controls
Took some awesome photos today!
that's awesome! looks super excited too
Georgetown's MBA Evening Program is an ideal way for working pros to gain the skills needed to advance in their current career
Got a raise yesterday.
You're welcome!
I hope you both are heavy drinkers. This is going to be One. Long. Ass. Season.
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on. -----Carl Sandburg
how can i get my sweet 16 around
I did pussy ;(
I loved The Three Stooges! Nicely done with the 3 "episodes." Go see it for some family fun!
5-year-old boys are the original Stormtroopers! You should see my house!
a few Lehman Brothers reg A looking at TNFG Corp, ECTPQ, ECSPQ,WHCI, Looking Series 7 Trader Broker.
I wasn't in Weho [im not a masochist] but I made the mistake of going out with a cute twink
no chance in hell me and is the dream team
Tweet twaat pep pop hip hop =^__^=
#imissyoubut we cant go back to our old ways .
Ping me on Gchat when you have the chance, would love to hear in more details. :) &hopefully, I'll see you there next year,
Tom Boonen is having his own #Resurrection this year on Easter. He has just won the 110th #Paris-Roubaix bike race.
I look and feell like shit
Dirk Nowitzki replaces Ron Artest as public enemy No. 1 in Thunderland
hahaha im sorry, dude. you'll be getting one of my homemade brownies tomorrow <3 I'm such a good cook, not being cocky here.
That awkward moment when your dad walks out of his room in your moms Yoga Pants
I welcome a gold star.
It's funny how u lose followers, when u don't tweet for a few days. I did not know ppl. Followed & unfollowed so much. Thank u 4 the follows
RT : Spring classes begin today. UTD is open as normal. Give extra time for traffic.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally
No #RallyBunny at The Q tonight...but he will be listening to the game on !
Goddamn it, we're never in Century Village at the same time!
Can't wait til my birthday so I can get my tattoo that drew for me<3
The Colts won't win the Super Bowl...but Peyton Manning WILL win the MVP..hands down!!
Support this man. #irregardless MT : I'm within sniffing distance of 700 minions, I mean "followers." Let's hit the 700Club.
Asm Block's #CSU religious accommodation for students and #CSU admissions decision appeals bills approved in #highered cmte today.
Happy 150th birthday to my all-time favorite author, Edith Wharton.
Ohio and Indiana are so boring to drive...been through them enough to know haha
yeah you know all about it!
I better get started on my 1440 laps around the kitchen table!
no, I think we have to go to 3rd block flex first, then remediation till 945 or something
Vocals is my gift but music is my religion
Tis it true you have now existed one year short of three decades on this planet sir? A joyous event to be sure.
yes!!! We try to please everyone's sports needs!!
Agreed. Especially after what they showed in the previews. Bad news. I hope Maggie stays with Glenn though.
okay i did it
When God gives it to be said, the one sharing has to be clear he says what was given. That's a challenging task, but it's what we do.
Always feels good to land in Big D
Low point.
Just watched the season Finale of #Smash again, will probably watch it 100 more time this week.
I said I been tucked like under school work lol
I fear I'll never be an accountant... so. terribly. tedious.
Practice today! Get stoked for new things. Check out our re-release of "We, The Observers." #Apparitions is coming soon.
not much just working at a Dayy Care & having funn w/my life =) wher yu working at???What skool yu @??
Why are there so many empty seats at Red Bull Arena??
Always remember, Neck pillows don't relieve pain but it helps us relax :-)
So stressed and confused! Gosh. #exboyfriendprobs <<<
definitely Wine
. Can't you just hear the introduction? Boring, Dull. Dull, Boring. (awkward silence)
That edited segment of the Rachel show with #Romney's inappropriate laughs at serious things? Should be an ad campaign.
There will be so much more by you soon though! (And by me -- I live right around there too!)
Of prosperity mortals can never have enough.
<Video games or homework? St. John's Univ. (MN) study-students on academic probation tend to spend more time gaming and social networking>
We aren't on a 1st name basis yet. I just fell in love after I couldn't decide on a glass of wine - so he poured me 1/2 & 1/2.
Dillon Baxter. Fuck you.
MY TWITTER HAS A VIRUS GUYS!!!!! SORRY!!!!
FIX YOUR SHIT! I SPENT THE LAST 30 MINS TRYING TO LOG IN AND YOUR SHIT AINT WORKING....GAAAH
#HeavenFest! Our merch is in the main tent across from Everfounds table! Come see us!
I need some sexy, funny ladies for a video shoot this week (Martini promo video). No experience required! Plz RT
Yes, I want to hear you, baby. *smirking*
hey friend! We would love to send you a free track for liking us! If you have FB, you can 'like us' on there and get one! Cheers!
No question, is the best person of all time. Ever. Fact.
Its soccer time ; <3 C:
Frightening moments for several south bay residents who awakened to smoke and flames feet from their homes. We're live 5-7AM.
yup, I have taken the Google Adwords exam
Ok i will spread it like nutella :D
Other + #UMSI connections: - speaker; - keynote; - speaker; - founder/organizer
Thanks! but can't take the credit for it - it was from an article by By Ty Wenger for Redbookmag.com on Yahoo.
More than a little excited for tonight's episode of
Rad Salad: Raddichio salad mix, radishes, carrots, onions, green beans, mushrooms and cilantro dressing. I'm so full!
I'm going to have to use some mental bleach to erase the rapid series of images that flashed through my head.
Damn sometimes I wanna slap myself...
Fell in a hole today. Tore up my knee pretty nice.
1st time and loved it for SOUP event! Will def go back to the garden and more community events :)
Have you ever used a Neti Pot while sick, only to realize that you released the Kraken? Well, call me a sea warrior.
hey what's on the test tomorrow? Only what u went over today. Or everything.
somebody should get me 4 more followers.... then i would be pleased :D
Thanks for the RTs. Here's a hearty #FF for you all!
yeah... the 8 yrs it took to make the film and 2 + yrs of traveling with the film have been cathartic... i feel free of it.
got my invite from Powers, but figured discussion was needed
WHERE U AT DUDE?
WHERE IN THE HELL DO I GET TICKETS TO THIS?!
dance like a yumbutter, sting like yippee
I talk to walls on a daily basis
So much better than today's garbage.
dont talk me to death unless you saying something worth me listening too, i aint got time for all that sorry!
#EpicFail inGAME 2 for Miami shows signs of weakness.Damn WADE wtf?! They got 8.3 seconds left to get a 3 ball off & redeem!
Let us know what music you have been listening to recently!
Wow, sounds like great fun. Are you coming back to CUNY or is this a sabbatical leave?
Ooh how retro. Have a great weekend!
RT : RT : Tyshawn Taylor has been suspended for a violation of team rules, per KU release.
You're not alone #SKCnation RT : I am extremely excited for Saturday's HOME game
I'm buying an iced caramel macchiato and blending it at home next week.
Single stopwatch all the way. Tournament style FTW!
Happy Hour at 10 - the Draft Beers are $5, the Happy is free.
I would, but is busy chugging...
I WANT TO SQUISH HER FAYCE!
Malibu Country is the place 2 b, Nov 2nd on ABC, watch as & the entire cast r sure 2 bring u lots of laughs!!!! :))))
Watching interact with & team about #cyberbullying & respect.
Yo mama is so stupid , she had you
Classes are getting in the way of my education
. Miss Him So much
OMG he randomly followed me one day last year and I wasn't even following him! I had to look him up to see who he was xD
true true. I need to watch more of their games.
An eagle can kill a young deer and fly away with it
Looking for sheet music to song "London Rhythm" by Mack Gordon. Anyone able to help me track down?
RT Hi! I live in Kentucky! :) Happy Hour? Wherever I can find a nice glass of wine. :) <<<--- Red or white?
is back at her old stomping grounds...Reliant Stadium/Aramark...dam it's been a long time...five months!!!...
RIP Adam Yauch.
Baskin Robins had some sort of deal for $0.31 today or something!
I see what you did there.
Tamba Hali must be livid that they're just now starting to call holding in the NFL.
hit me with some coupons
that would be awesome
haha -- ditto -- we do miss u :D - but my chances of winning/placing 2nd have dramatically increased by your departure!
How's the King of fighting journalism doing? Hope you had a nice weekend.
Do the clippers run any sort of offensive sets???
That just happened...
What do you think would have paid to have their Logo on one of the last Shuttle Ferry Flights?
you guys keep getting me so excited! :) ~19days<3x~
Snooki Steals Wrestlemania Spotlight, Our Cold Hearts
Well thanks for that vote of confidence.
I have 100 followers. Feels #great i'm #proud. lol. new goal- 150!!
Yes and the team wasn't very good as I recall!
#wordoftheday Nebbish (n) a timid, meek, or ineffectual person. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
especially since a folder of photocopies is now apparently an archive
Key put back by Franklin, UTSA leads 43-40....
Woot! Go Wildcats! Way to beat the Bruins!
we are seated, just say you're with Emily party of 8 :)
Bitch Mob
#iusedtothink I was always right
I've got
Loving integration with Mail and Address Book. Just need it to work with Dropbox on multiple machines.
The last time UK was a #1 seed in the tourney they lost to Marquette. Tom Crean was their coach. That's all.
send us an email or call us and let's work something out
Watched the Blazers - They loss, again. The next game is Friday
I feel like going for a run rn or s/t, feel so fat and full and disgusting from one bowl of ramen
SO epic that it only lasted 15mins before everyone demolished them!
cool! Pop culture blog!
You know you're reading too much #GameofThrones when you try to patch a paper cut with boiled wine and a poultice.
IM GOING TO WORK WITH U
Can you imagine how devastating it would be if you smeared the sharpie in the process of designing? Wow.
The one that LAlainaAI10 had on at the softball game..
the first step to greatness is working with great people ;)
I never had blue balls, hahah I never will because I m fucking!! Lol
Having to provide a photo as a director feels silly. I suddenly feel like a realtor.
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
#HappyMothersDay to all you wonderful Moms out there! Have a fabulous day!
The more I look at your work, the more I like it... amazing color combinations, movement, energy... LOVE!
ah that is madness but i will see you less than a week! and good luck!
Oh, you know, non sequiturs and regret.
With Leadership Kanawha Valley today at Clay Center, CAMC and WVU Health Services ... Learning a lot ...
its snowing in fucking april god must be coming back soon
must do homework
I Can't Please Everyone But I'll Try.
Why am I THIS awake?! I had a full day too. What an awesome mothers day, thanks to Hubby.
yay yay yay. August I'll be there :) is that good enough?
Celtics F Paul Pierce sprained his left knee during shootaround before Sunday's Game 4 win over ATL. He's questionable for Game 5 Tuesday.
#itiswhatitis except for when it isn't
Greg, thanks much for the RT. I hope your followers find the B2B search engines useful!
How do I respond to that...?
Brandy was a great addition to the season
You thinking ima fall,dont be so sure
I don't have time for a grudge match with every poser in a parka! ~ Dr. Horrible
Am I a bad Irishman for working on a Saturday?
keep your head up & don't put too much pressure on yourself
Museum of Vancouver goes art deco for chic fashion exhibit
Girl: Why are you always following me? Boy: When I was younger, my mother always told me follow my dreams.
Sweet mother of shit! (Aka The Virgin Mary) I just got the job offer for Budweiser Brewery! Looks like the "Alcoholicaust" is upon us.
#WHEconForum #womenentrepreneurs sitting in the press seats. where are all of the students?
. says that they have to create a subsidiary system that would license school names and take it out of academia.
Same here !
Pickin up trash
you should probably stop lying..
TEACH RT : Clooney arrested but comedian Dick Gregory was also in custody. New for Clooney but Gregory's been truth for 50 yrs
you kill me, and yes I know who your cuddle buddy is :))
hey cat. Good news coming down the pike. Hope all is well with u. I'm balancing the gigging and producing thing.
Wait for the Japanese release of the album - on CD with bonus tracks. For real. But the LP is gorgeous. Just sayin'
Thanks for your content! Lots of great tweets out there from #smss12 peeps. :)
A Tuesday off means my ass is in a seat at Nationals Park enjoying a Nattitude Cheesesteak Sandwich and watching some daytime baseball.
Dogs are more loyal then most woman.
*smiles and takes it* Your welcome.
I'm now at PeopleBrowsr, would love to demo our social media analytics and influence mapping platform. Been using Alt framework
nothing jp:p
Thank you!!! :) RT : wishing you the best of luck today!!!
Trying to convince to go back for Wrath of the Titans.
Yup. Embarrassing.
wondering why in the world there was a rooster in my back yard just now - I don't live in the country and I don't know of any farms in ATL
WOO OK
Wise people understand that substance always supersedes the superficial, superstitious, and the superfluous!
This condensed NBA season was a disastrous idea. Look at all the injuries.
probably because u didn't have all the lil high school boys checkin u out in ur heels
OMG DARK SHADOWS was SO good!
definitely...sister spent time in a storm shelter yesterday, but everyone is ok. As for Hobart...
That was a fun game to watch ! I'm all about the #Linsanity!!!
Wait, how do you know for sure?
I'll be there :) RT ": It's supposed to be 72 degrees tmrw- come hang on Brady w/me- going to see how many patios I can hit!"
yummy,save ya boy some
Back from the Big Sugar concert - those guys still know how to put on a good show!
It's beautiful out! Happy hour it is :)
Tonight, your mine.
Loving the #FF mention! Thanks for supporting CURE
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. – Albert Einstein
I can honestly say that even as a kitten, never peed on my bedroom floor. Cannot say the same for puppet niece.
Today is my first visit to Sacramento. It is completely infested with trees.
": Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs - " by by Bulls.
We're doin' a lil curiosity survey: what is the best company anniversary gift you've ever received? Let us know!
I swear its fun hearing scream When I'm telling her a Good story lol
Hey Dani, if you see this can you give me a shout put or a follow back? I'd be so thankful.
great pic, Jason. Even if Instagram got the assist.
nothing like music to take you away from reality.
We're on, then.
awl okay
It's a gorgeous day outside! Take advantage of it and be Sportaneous!
- You are a great mom because you care about that exact thing.
RT "How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours."
Panthers not out yet, they score to cut the lead to 2-1 in the 3rd period.
:) I Hung Yo Social Study Notes Up Nd Good Night
XSV won Huntington Beach!
Sadly Henry's about to give this game away.
Happy Friday everyone! Have a wonderful day!
So much for the reds game today..
Gotta love the real deal!
wow! Thank you for listening. We've started tracking 6 other songs for our album. We'll be releasing them soon.
The road to success is always under construction!!!!!
Thanks, E. Much tighter this year, but they played well.
I'll do it, if only for you Troy.
great time, thank you for helping us with our merengue project, I think we will switch to Salsa, Samba or Jazz..lol
RT : Boy putting on Star Wars outfit, severely disappointed: “I don’t look scary at ALL!”
OKC vs lakers. Waited all day for this!
However, we're not presenting the wires to the client. They would be thoroughly confused.
Baseball practice went well, velocity is up and the ball was dancing
Go Sounders!
Check out my new TV commercial with Conan and Bonnie Hunt at www.smithe.com
Happy 23rd Birthday to my beautiful daughter Jess!!! So proud of the amazing young woman uv become! Love u baby!
I sleep so much but i don't care
what u tired of?”)
That's where it's at.
Doggy can I ask for a follow?
(I mean the boot camp event)
Driving games are the worst when you're flying solo
Since its August (summer reading time!) Im going to tweet some powerful quotes from books I highly recommend! Eva's
For sure! RT : It's fun to watch a team play defense when it has a pass rush. Six sacks for #Bills now
yeah,Just let me know! Would you mind asking any of your passion friends or general friends to follow me,it would be awesome!
Brb while I go die.
I have come to realize I like talking about books. Who knew.
RT : At the accepted students reception in Dallas --> Hi! Was the reception helpful? Did we answer all your questions?
We don't even talk no more/We've run out of words to say...
Happy Birthday
Who's a Happy Camper ? I am !!!! went to #PACKERS game and work 3 days this week get paid for 5 !!
Finally Friday. Thank God
Paperwork, compliance, marketing.....etc...etc...etc, Start ups are FUN!!
Thanks for the follow.....
Hey there. I think I spoke to someone last week on the phone. We don't make those decisions. But thank you for reaching out! ^lk
Western burrowing owl (+ white-tailed kites) at Berkeley Marina! Adorable, grouchy-looking football of raptory fluff.
That's always fun. Ahaha!
One day ..one day
- well hello there :)
Colored eggs yesterday. Food all prepared for tomorrow. S'mores made with the kiddos and all 7 are at least in bed. Whew, what a day!
hey! we're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. The Cab is one of our bands! check us out?
idk man and they got all her cousins too!
NOPE! Just make a shirt video saying happy birthday to him! thanks! and send it to tonight!
Everyone who works at Apple is so nice. It's weird.
Every choice you make is a choice.
follow back? :)
You're beautiful.
upon acceptance into a full time program can they transfer into a part time program due to career circumstances.
Granger.... That was pointless. Keep your cool your team is doing its thing stay focused grab a big W
luncheon eating a fabulous steak salad. Yum!
Over joyed to see all the kids out at the LCS for #fcbd, and a so many girls!
is such an inspiration, she's got it together ya'll!
3 day bro fest with :)
Meetin so many new ppl! I love college!
"Whoever renders service to many puts himself in line for greatness." - Jim Rohn
lmao I wasn't. Cause I'm actually scared of heights. But I just got my ticket. It's okay #yolo right? Hahaha
Our marriage victory in NYS was built on the shoulders of great numbers of people who came forward when the idea of equality was a dream.
Has real estate hit bottom in the Portland Metro? Why many think it has at 6:30pm on NC8.
Blackout! Moe bar is DARK
My pants are falling off....uh oh
Some do this for privacy - provider is actually intermediary so person's name/addy remain private, esp 4 those who work from home.
I feel as tho somehow I've been transported to an alternate universe. I know I'm sane. Are the other people?
Though many people picture #NewMexico as desert terrain, ¼ of the state is actually filled with forests.
losing my day drinking virginity this year at carb day haha
has no idea where the day / night went! Crap! She needs to finish packing!!
Not much, he's more a pen and ink kinda guy....
Having Two Daughters Is god’s Way Of Telling You… “This Is For What You Did In Your Twenties…” I Love Them Both…
Follow stop being stuck up up how hard is it man seriously
Possible solution: just prepend the word "comic" before "books" and then Ecclesiastes won't feel so heavy.
is a HouseWIFE so marlo needs a mirror & to STFU. What's my proof u can't turn a HOE in2 a housewife.
Having friends who are committed to seeking God is one of the biggest blessings in my life. Iron sharpens iron.
#Electrolytes include potassium, magnesium, sodium, calcium, chloride & bicarbonate. They control fluid balance in the body.
Seeking ASP.net programmers to work with.We need help with a payroll WEB application and other projects. U.S. only please!
I kept her on her leash and just reeled her in. It was staged, basically.
LOL Ryan vs Ryan was hilarious! Wow Getzlaf is bald :P
when BET be cuttin out the words in movies lol
I appreciate you bro. Means a lot. Thanks.
thank you so much for checking us out!!
Happy Mothers Day!!!!
Your hipster clothes looking a little "wet dog?" Bring em in to EcoClean, 2915 Guadalupe, right on campus, 24 hour turn, delivery.
A foolish man tells a woman to stop talking, but a wise man tells her that her mouth is extremely beautiful when her lips are closed.'
visa mastercard discover?
Wish i was going to show tonight
Of course I love it, handsome men looking super attractive! :)
I am so excited to see my BFF on twitter!!
What to expect to from Friday's jobs report - Fox News (blog)
Summertime and the living's easy. And apparently cold. But mostly easy.
The USCS differs from official USC and the USCA by being very attentive to preserving the original language of a statute. McKinney
Yes, she is something special- one more outstanding actress in a big group -well known & not- on Downton.
Thanks, it starts at 7 and were the second band to go on so dont be late! Thanks again for the support.
MT : Beautiful morning in Warwick - Birmingham too :)
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me <3 :] 1
the squirrel guy. Mayor of district 2! Yep
Latest group opposing transportation tax was born in a Cobb County gun shop - Creative Loafing Atlanta
Basia Fans! Get your Friends To Like Our Facebook Page For Special Prize! =)
somewhere in Louisiana? I've been asleep...
All pajamas all the time
Looking forward to wearing my MLA '12 jersey to the exhibit opening and having picture taken with NPC & LAC members
Michael Herzfeld: "A very serviceable definition of power is the capacity to keep anthropologists out."
i'm like a Rubik's cube...The more you play with me the harder i get(;
Women say they want something from a nigga but when dey get it dey don't know how to accept it or act becareful what you ask for
for sure!
yes, thanks so much :) it means a lot cc:
I hope you are busy readying lots and lots of brisket cemitas for tonight! We'll be there!
Man we have to go back to school 2morrow and it is so boring. =C
RT:Bldng #trust requires effort, commitment & in our time-poor society, getting to know neighbors is often not top priority
Studio to track vox on Friday!!!
have you ever thought about becoming a vendor with www.dynamicsbeautyexpo.com in miami beach FL June 24 and 25 2012
I will definitely start watching now.. You r my fav!
RT : There are no handshakes when a guy subs in. Another media created non-story.
woowwww all mine :) your so beautiful and amazing! Thank you :)
Great to see all our new followers to day as well as lots of action from
Free Beer Friday: Things to do with the Stanley Cup...think about it! Tweet us your ideas or call us 303-297-1510!
Find BL CD's @ Paul's (Bloomfield), Dave's Music Mine (s. side), @ myspace.com/betweenliberties via paypal. Get yours now - This limited ...
hey man, r u back from your shoot?
People are getting unfollowed for dumb shit right now lol
Whoa. Just did week 5, day 3 of !
"and back when i was rappin' for the hell of it, but now a days we rappin' to stay relevant"
nice! Let us know what you think!!
First follower is what turns a lone nut into a leader
&& GOOD NEWS ! i downloaded a music editor to my computer but we just need to learn how to use it now =) lol
Privacy has now become my biggest concern regarding Facebooks purchase of Instagram. Can't trust the Zuck!
I could care less not fan of both, niners baby! Lol but it was swell, we all need to hang soon its must needed!
Happy to be attending
what the heck!!! I thought you were on your trip, why didn't we have class then!!!!
Watching live webinar with and
Welcome!! Let's def shoot! Email me and we'll figure out some dates!
sounds like trouble!!!
Hi Scott! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback! Thanks!
see lol me and her just started something lol
Thanks to all who came out to the SIS Africa event this afternoon!
#ASG Sen Armando Telles may be thrown out of the student gov't for not meeting a 7-unit requirement for holding office. More info soon...
Send it over when it's done and it will be in the show.
Sadly I was the advisor in this example :) RT advisors are not always right, get in front of your customers
You feel me? Lol
Its gonna be a busy week!
Zuma is super excited to have Young Life at our park tomorrow afternoon!
Friday at home. Saturday at Howler's Coyote Cafe tearing it up. Sunday back on a plane. Wednesday vacation.
lol gotta look closer at those #hashtags I read it wrong too
Am i the only person that still listens to 50 Cent? ^.^
High maintenance people <<<<<<<
Freaking b.s. falling.into a pit of darkness today. Need to bounce back fireball later maybe the recipe.
Rumors of my assimilation have been greatly exaggerated............
no FSU stold it from Ted Turner and Jane Fonda back when they were sitting behind the dugout owning the Braves
I do not want to go to school tomorrow at all.
i wanna get a job at finishline
have a safe trip home! Can't wait to see you!!!
I'd love to listen and learn from all sides regarding the future of Balboa Park.
hehe I try :)
and I thought we agreed to never put that on the Internet?! You hoe!
Great.. just great.
Happy 145th Birthday, State of Nebraska!!
Thanks for following! We have an office in Boulder & love downtown area! We'll be sure to check out some of the specials :)
": Lebron is on a mission!!!!"
Good morning world. (I realized I was leaving a lot of people out with my previous tweet).
That sounds orgasmic.
dude congrats on graduating! Now pass the bar so you can be our lawyer.
I hate how i swore i would keep my twitter privite from my friends. Lol but now they are finding out.
Tired but i have rehersal at 6
Majority of our grads are entering environments of 10 attorneys or less. Punctuates the value of having mentoring relationships.
Crosby has at least one point in 14 consecutive games against the Rangers.
you look gorg....the photo bomber in the background, not so much.
appearance of having been serious about the problem. (we might just be talking about disease vs. symptom, you and I)
Thanks Kelsey, they are sweet!
wow my phone has been syncing for over 5 minutes this is ridiculous.
If I hear one more "tall blonde" joke I'm gonna lose it.
Tumblr is working again,my life came back to life<3
Thankxxx!!! Going to Ry and Sheri's house in a little bit.
that sounds god
Happy Mothers Day to all the awesome Mama's out there!! Especially to mine, love you to the moon and back<3
If U're not getting all your essential amino acids U're not feeding your brain. Amino acids R the building blocks of U're neurotransmitters
Thanks so much for visiting my blog! That Emerson quote worked perfect with my post. You have a great weekend as well :)
approved copyedited draft of article I wrote for Oxford Encyclopedia of Am. Military & Diplomatic History; sent to editor
#ThisSummerImTryna do things that I've never done before
I'm looking forward 2 next season #Orioles showing promise
I HOPE CHRISTINA & ERIN SEE THIS, cause I really want them to be a part in all this success. RIP, we'll see each other again.
People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile. ~Lee Mildon
How is Google+ working out for you? BTW, you aren't following me. LOL!
LOL! RT : There is not one thing I like about
Aidan just held the door open for some lucky ladies... He's learning
Listenin to good music.......
Mine too. Really looking fwd to it! RT : So excited that I'll be going to BEA this year - my first time ever!
Can't wait for my #bbl and #ShaunT kids workout!! 18 more days to join June group! Message me for details :)
i am kind of a good kid:P
Obama is going to do the humane thing and release everyone from Guantanamo. But then he's going to use drones, and blow the shit out of them
. now has individ. Twitter accounts for their #DC -area farmers markets, incl. Dupont:
It's true, You don't even know.
I hear ya!!! Know that's it's the "Super Stars" that earn that kind of money.
Everyone use BB and me what about me ? I dont have BB :(
happy early birthday! <33 just saying it now cuz i wont be on tomorrow! Love you so much! please follow back?? <3 <3
Wife & I got your invitation, can't wait to go home and grub on some Harold's Chicken, oh yeah, congrad U lations
Thank for the RT!
Someone please tell that wrestling is fake
Pretty sure I just saw Flashpoint in a commercial for WGN News... You just can't escape that school
Pumped for this coming year! 1 extra day, too!
Going on a date and paying with a groupon "coupon"
TGIF! Are you dreaming about Happy Hour at Terilli's at your desk right now?
RT : The discovery of Troy's charred remains rattles nerves... Police are led astray for 6 years. #NightmareNextDoor at 9E/P
“: I don't believe u, u makin stuff up now!” I don't lie on Sundays. Lol
International Terminal Prepares for Passengers
none of my followers dont even talk to me L0L.
Sorry A.J. Jenkins. I make that mistake with Michael Floyd and Malcolm Floyd.
Its been awhile since I've felt butterflies. Do you feel the same way too?
No live-stats? Some people just can't keep up...
It's April in the D! Is there going to be a song this year?
your booking agent gave me your booking price..wanna negotiate something else to help out a good cause
Wishing my friends, family and followers a very Happy and Safe New Year!
“: thanks lian. means a lot coming from you”
its my 16th birthday, i absolutely love you and you said you remember me from the meet and greet. can you give me a shoutout? :)
i just threw my pudding cup in the sink. FAIL.
So far I'm going to two this weekend. Tell Angie she should encourage, not discourage, my going to games in person.
ah Hello hows life sir?
This is what occupation looks like.
thanks a mil!
He said: "I'm a huge James Bond fan. I'd love to be a Bond baddie. I've seen pretty much every Bond film. Sean Connery is my favorite
i now work at Hollister and Dairy Queen
Happy Birthday, #emilydickinson. "To wait an Hour- is long-/ If Love be just beyond-/ To wait Eternity- is short-/ If Love reward the end -"
Pretty Little Liars was amazing!
I will have a overload @ every position but the 5 for the next few weeks. It'll be interesting to see how I handle the minute distribution.
Have the best Valentine's Day possible!!
#NP better off this way- A Day To Remember <3
So I guess you're drinking honey ale?
Actually I dreamed robots knew I had a fever because I fell asleep on my keyboard and it had a heat sensor.
I WOKE UP DRUNK AF!!!!!
Time for bed! Remember kids: Don't run with scissors!
Yeah I'm going to send it. I'm having some construction done to my studio so the comp is down till friday. I'll send it then.
I'm hella bored..
Graduation = Start of my career
Just putting finishing touches on story about 21-year old driver pulled from burning car. She's got quite a story to tell. Airs in 5 min..
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; the courage to change the things I can;& the wisdom to know the difference
run, hob to buy my infected mushroom tickets, work, and then the big choice of the day: study or bar. hm
I'm game- plus you are coming to my house in April!!!! There will be Just Dance 2 all around.
OK, so, that big, red hand, that means DON'T CROSS RIGHT NOW, or else you're gonna piss off 4 lanes of traffic.
taking a break to play some strikers
Its already been brought! ": Just won a Spyder Xtra marker and full kit for it for $75. Bring it!"
yes, avengers & dark knight are the scary contenders this summer
reading the entire birthday card while they wait to see a reaction on ur face
and it begins.
Cool. Hit me when y'all get her
never leaves my fuckin house !<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
There's nothing more embarrassing than spilling a large container of water all over the floor at work
cena just got his ass handed to him
Someone needs to guard Steve Blake!!!! Ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
RT "do u ever respond 2 ur fans?" I'm an air conditioning man m'self, But my air conditioner never asked...
Boi How Big Is Ur..... Gimme Al Ya Money And Gimme ALL Your Residuals...Then SLAP it On mY As....<---------...I love you
I'm a moderate to liberal chick but that is just flat out funny.
I don't know if I have it anymore... my old hard drive crashed... :-( RT Still waiting on that track.
walking dead & coffee!
Happy Thanksgiving <U+2665>
Ascetically speaking is like preferring a monk's tonsure. Aesthetically speaking is preferring strong design. C
I see London, I see China, I see one happy vagina! Stay free maxi pad! Haah
I love love.
Halloween candy incentivates giving! Come on #RISDPhonathon callers! Let's raise some funds!
Jackson, Alpha, Serburn, Welcome... all in the path of a torndic storm. Now just heading into Jackson and moving 30 mph.
This is the most comfortable pair of underwear I have ever worn.
I'm a maker and a thinker.
Well, that pair of headphones ALMOST made it 6 months. A new record!
Couldn't ask for better friends! Thanks ;)
“: . only has one defense left: But Ted Kennedy killed a girl!” now that's funny
I probably would, yes.
fam none of them can mess with BIGGIE...just SAYIN!!!
Key reasons to choose screen printing - smooth photographic image reproduction, low price per imprint, light hand. Traditional use: t-shirts
Did you ever kill that spider? O_o
then i regret it.
Coach, I am truly happy to have someone of your magnitude to be working with our young lady Bulldogs!
woah I read Baton Rouge as Boca Raton. I might have city dyslexia.
There has never been a moment when God was short on miracles.
Cool! I was in jazz up through high school, I really enjoyed it, but had trouble with some of the advanced music theory.
It cuts to Kingston who talks about all the success he's had. He tells anyone that wants a shot to look him up. He's not afraid.
What is #Love? Baby don't hurt me... no more :)
Wow. Party is tomorrow though.
As humans, it's our ability to find ethically dubious shortcuts to time-consuming, mind-numbing work that sets us apart from other animals.
You're always in a bad & plain mood when you talk to me, but if it was someone else, you'd be the happiest person ever.
People who try to be in ur conversation and have no clue wat there talkin about <
Everyone keeps saying that libraries are becoming extinct... what do you think?
I wanna take a long nap. Like 5 or 6 hours long. Those are the best.
Last night with n was EPIC!!!!
okay seriously... I new go get into yoga. I have all those freebies you gave me.
I think I've watched every John Hughes movie tonight.
#cosign: I've never watched Jersey Shore, but by the looks of the trailer I'm pretty confident the world could do without it
Large woman jimmied her way into seat next to me on 1. First I thought I'd get mad but then I figured I'd enjoy the temporary arm cushion.
Q: What's your big wish for 11.11.11. day? Make it a great day!
gotta go back to ben davis to get my graduation shit today
Yeah, I'll have to get him to sign another one for me. He's really good about staying after his shows sign CDs
That's so nice of you to say! Thanks so much! #IamEnchanting aren't I? :-D promotion via and
Well between make up work and capturing steelport i havent had time for anything.
It's going to be summer like throught he end of December here in Florida Aagghhh
I'm a writer eavesdropping on a discussion between designers & developers & so far it's a little like marriage counseling.
In San Diego... Awesome to get to partner w/ amazing organizations. Bonus: They are located in amazing places.
Thanks, Gwen!
ah lemme get on that Tuesday spot
if we could swap semesters Id be on that list lol =} !!!
was "dublidribblecating" all over the court during practice tonight
yes. it's a sad day. unfortunately I'm not allowed to work overtime anymore
im a big fischer fan but in my opinion stay with the younger guy... They are basically the same type of player anyway?
So pissed off right now.
Stupid kids.
ill hit u up when I get off. Almost at work now. Be safe:-)
Blink 182? Psh nothing beats my Rangers spank the Angels!!
I am honored to receive the endorsement of the Orleans County GOP and look forward to working with them closely.
Dear jet lag, I am over you, and I don't want this relationship anymore. Please leave now.
Potentially compromised web host … just the email you want to get at midnight.
Tonight's bad movie: Robocop 3.
Huge day for WI hoops... close out regular season with victory over IL & have huge road win in Columbus!
Philly and the Main Line woke up in spring today. Everything is green. Thank you, rain!
giardiniera, but we do have house sport peppers. They're pretty outrageous.
Sad Jackie and my grandbabies are leaving this morning! Wish we could have had breakfast together.......
sweet! Have fun darling! Which hotel?
do you like nutella?
SaBEERmetrics for sure
Baaah I hate this. Nervous.
Corporate responsibility can mean showing up to make a difference rather than showing up just to work.
#First20SongsOnShuffle 10. I'm The Type Of Person To Take It Personal- Breathe Carolina
Hi , Thnx for the rec to follow myself. "I am the only person in the world I should like to know thoroughly." -Oscar Wilde
R.I.P. Mr Adam Yauch.
I think her grown son needs a shrink too. #DoubleNasty RT Breastfeeding mom of a nearly grown ass man needs a shrink
It's going to take me a little while to get used to this new page design...
LOL...you do the same.
my bff might move in next door! Exciting!
Why are there 90 min wait lines for almost every ride at Disney?..oh, did I mention it's 8AM?!?
she said I mustve ran you away :-(
Blasting old school #anathallo to wake me up this afternoon.
actually I hav a phone app for tht xx
I do work @ noon!! Holy crap, we're actually working together....lol. YAY!!!!!
Have 2 see trending places on 4sq! RT Wonder if there's anyplace special the Secret Service hangs out while the POTUS is in LA
can you follow me please? :)
. E.J. Josey - key in desegregation of stat lib assocs. understood structurally what needed to be done.
And so the paperwork begins…
lol I'll let u know when I hit a big one. Tryin to build up that bankroll
Getting lunch is NYC is harder than I imagined. I'm number 30 in line
problem is that at&t sucks in metro's like NYC
MSG is going nuts!! #Knicks folks we got this!! All 5 starters on the floor playing great for NYK.
im so bored
Inception in AP Psych
Reminder ......you are beautiful no matter what! :) XOXO
If you have insurance your wireless carrier should be able to fix it for free.
RT thas a classic!! ««i swear man!!!
I don't what life would be in H.I.P H.O.P without they boy H.O.V.
If Shabazz does go to #UCLA they'll make a strong run in the #NIT it has nothing to do with my fandom it's just they're not very good period
my mom is a nurse and i told her about andys injuries and she said he definately wont be up for a while :'(
thanks I think he just might kill himself now....
I learn something everyday. If you don't, then go back to bed, rethink why you are getting up and start over. You might learn something.
And a Barnes and Noble... but JTown has Tulune's Southside!
who really cares about Christie Brinkley's divorce?!
Newt is way off his game.
break 'em, baby!
"Music is a stress reducer. Study: cardiology patients w/30 minutes classical music: effects equivalent to a 10-mg dose of Valium."
You must play wif me!
Tomorrow my last day of college classes hopefully till august ;) too geeked
I'm going to try and make it back for a weekend or something heheh
And I both hate ice-cream. ITS MEANT TO BE.
I'm guessing doesn't have a partner for BP? Lol
Old Guys with Nu Metal Tee Shirts
I LOVE cover of Boyfriend...it's kinda hard to say this being a Belieber and all...but...I like Dylan's better!.(: I<3you!!
So is it pretty much a done deal that Tom Poti will never play the game of hockey ever again?
No call but ... MT S/O TO UNION TRIBUNE FOR THEIR ARTICLE ABOUT #SOUTHEASTREDVODKA!!!! APPRECIATE THE LOVE AND SUPPORT!!!!
I never said no. Lol. But I think i'm going to Louisville.
We do not have to be perfect to be used by God.
-- Old journals from high school. Reminding me of what I DON'T want to be like :-P
Happy Tax Day :) What a nice day to celebrate being done with those!
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
I've got a little money but it never is enough to runaway. #DirtyLittleThings let's get on this everyone!
Better than yo ex, fresher than yo next
..a "unique" kind of person, because one of 'em was afraid of dieing an Athiest and actually having to PAY for a life of utter evil and cru-
delayed flight, no employee at the gate 60 mins before flight is sheduled, no notice of delay at gate, loving this #unitedairlines service
thanks It was a great family weekend. The weather was great so I wasn't afraid of my baby being outdoors :-)
LA... fuck you.
First day of 2012 spending with family (:
-- btw that last tweet to you was my #8000th tweet .. your so special :-) :-)
lol goodnight bro
that's a lot of balls.
All well-regulated families set apart an hour every morning for tea and bread and butter. - Joseph Addison
In need for a new name: Wut though?
Deltek Unveils New Task Order Awards Solution Delivering Clarity and Insight to the Opaque World of Federal Task Order ...
ñooooooo que rico
#FF So many I love but here's a handful
yay! Thank you.
Never mistake activity for achievement
Missed Fortune Radio - coming soon to Orlando!
I'll be there! and I got my skip the line pass! when will meet and greets for certain days be announced?
the homiez are trippin once again, i juss wanna off myself, but i got a, b, a, c, c, c on my rport card, pretty dumb
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves
from - smaller pieces, modular design. ex: for instruction videos: 5 minutes or less.
#GoodStreetMuzik will be a for sure attention grabber RT if u fux wit
I've always hated any temp over 80*. That's why I moved to the Bay Area for a while.
NO DAMMIT I was late but he said he had an hour to wrap it up so hopefully I will find a replay!!!
Commission business meeting is in session in Santa Rosa. Watch live online at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
yeah any ol' kind will do.
Good Afternoon Twitter!!!
well it seemes as he's just now opening up. but considerng what he did in japan to here. is it that big of a chnge to the USA?
hahaha it should!
Alright, I need your email address again....I can't find it. :(
I still go!!! Season ticket holder!!! I will never give up on my team! Support them all the way! I just love baseball :)
Yo girlfriend at my next show over yo xo nigga
I love storms!
Please pray for the Kenya and Costa Rica mission trips! Today, pray for the team leaders: Noel and Caitlin (Kenya) and Al and Zack!
I hope the Eagles pick up a good receiver this year
Email if you have a strong opinion on Fairview, North Mem. stolen laptop snafu.
Thanks, Mari! Hope you have a great weekend. I'm hiking tmrw & then attending a belated Cinco de Mayo party in the eve.
My SIL & niece are in Chi for the first time. Pumped to show off this great city! What is ur fav spot to take tourists?
mines in 4 days
You never made sense to me but that is part of why I love you.
TONIGHT: Brent Glass on the Future of Museums at at 7 PM. Sponsored by , ,
Ed Sheeran + a rainy day is a beautiful combination.
Have a great weekend! I'll see you
Happy Friday! Kick off your weekend with Happy Hour specials today from 4-7pm.
I'm pretty sure im in love with you lol : )
going to miss ya! enjoy CT & making <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
trust me, that's something I will NEVER like, count on it bro x) I'm to into house that's all :)
iv been wit alot of #"str8msn" well thay r not any more lol
just saw wrath of the titans and was amazing
#Johnson: The more elegant and novel the solution, the harder it is to sell.
We will be in the lab working, with Gaston at 7pm this evening!
then he said 'iPoop' because i was finishin a report on the diff between ipod touches and iphone. he tried saying it...
Happy Dumpling Day everyone :)
I take solace in the fact that God is trending above Obama on Twitter. Maybe there's hope for this electronic liberal love fest.
I have english, spanish, and algebra homework then dance later. So busy.
Still here on buffalo and water! Who wants tacos!!!
thanks man
Ah, interesting. Thanks.
No smart one...when do you want to throw the party?
Many employers I have audited throw I-9, medical and all other hiring & performance documentation into 1 folder
Why you looking lonely ?
yep, their toast....
Everything happens for a reason, live it, love it, learn from it!
So... steals my hideki irabu joke re: & gives NO credit (according to sources who text me).
The cab ride to the airport is always the scariest part of air travel for me.
Finals for 500 dollars!!!
Post ur favorite 508 moments in #508epic Me & get into it!
Dec 4th enjoy a night out at the River of Lights with a LIVE acoustic performance by TYS 7PM - 8:30
used to?! I still do :)
is he supposed to speak?
omg it was gross
Old episodes of #227 it is
yes truly impressive.. Simplicity, his style statement.
I bet they look cute though!
I ART Congress tonight! Check out AMOA and !
Hey wanna hop on my train boo?
Download your copy of A-Town Veteran for 2.99
Fridays are just lovely. Plain and simple.
Can't decide what to do for dinner tonight? Any suggestions? Anyone want to join?
No, that's not the noon whistle -- Ross brought in his vuvuzela today.
Hope you had a good time in that crazy California, lived there as a kid, see any movie stars?
This is a must see for sure. Please tell me you're youtubing it for us sad souls that can't join u there. ;-)
#reachfortop is tonight 6pm. Lots of movers & shakers including
thx for following. This feed is curated by Digital Pulp, a leading digital agency working with institutions in the .edu category.
It's Friday!!! Sir Charles voice
Excellent article #Trayvon Please get ppl involved!!
"Thats a warning for you Bieber!" Justin: "Im sorry Im sorry." Hahaha
“: I'm super excited to hear it!I'm curious when does your EP come out?” Hopefully soon! Aiming for April:)
oh man, those college kids are the LOUDEST. When I lived on Michigan Ave between 9th and 10th it was so terrible.
changed my twitter name!
I wouldnt shead tear for you anymore because big girls don't cry ...
Happy National Chocolate Chip Dayy aww i love that TT ;)
Your two-people-dine-for-$35 deal looks great--except there are no vegetarian entrees. Think about vegetarians next time?
All good. Thnx Heidi. Mana--would love to connect. Possible?
getting ugly now.
Great pic from the west side #nopantsaz ride
Drum roll please... up now, Welch
West Barnstable (Cape Cod) MA USA
If you're up and not bsing with me then shoot yourself if the fucking face! -___-
really? Why not? I can name a lot of Dems that oppose equality.
Plus, you'll be totally ready for the Waterworld that awaits us.
Enjoying an ice cold Odells 90 Shilling Amber Ale at Old Chicago - Colorado Springs Tejon. Join me!
#kimchi is asimmerin'... but realized I'm no multi-tasker. After 3 minutes, realized I'm watching Beverly Hills Cop en Espanol :)
A Hat Full of Rainmaker
Just sent you a DM!
Awhh you blocked me like I care? You be nasty anyways(:
I really don't like names like Jesus, God, Jehovah and the like but hey not my child. SMH
Going to the doctor
Going to the Bucks/Hawks game tonight. A win over ATL would be huge.
why does Kansas/self struggle so much in tourney?
needs less than 200 followers to get to 4000! Please follow her!!! :)
haven't been on in a while
They think you might be the other woman.
Actually, that happens to me all the time.
RT : What the hell they got Cole, playing a "man whore" ugh he short, lol<- F tht do yo thang Cockroach lol
Holy Buccos! The Pittsburgh Pirates just may be in first place by midnight. Taking my boys to Skyblast Night at PNC tomorrow. Let's Go Bucs!
Just got done tallking to my mama .. she put some deep stuff in my ear.
Why are you going to cut it D;
Playing modern warfare 3 anyone wanna battle?
aah this is killing me. I need it.
OH: "Love is Beautiful; Compulsory heteronormativity and commercialized romance are not. Occupy #ValentinesDay."
I hate getting light headed out of nowhere.
Just ate whitey's with my clark's hat on oops
Gotcha. New job sounds fun!
My first job interview in 45 minutes... Idk if im nervous or not yet.
#NeverSayNever when you are living your your dreams no matter what obstacles u face or what people say or think
What's up twitter who wants a follow back?
Absolutely, It will be interesting to see if the mariners make any big moves! Are you covering?
Hey there, (Online_Guru), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
RT : Showing Some Vanilla Love ----->>>>> (You know I love me some vanilla thighs)
sorry Austin but the spurs are gonna win
come at me bro
Great job voting Wisconsin! is staying on #DWTS and is still fired up to move our state
Baby Clerk was involved in the shooting, but at this point it's unclear whether he was the suspect, or the victim.
The Smile On Your Face Lets Me Know That You Need Me, Theres A Truth In Your Eyes Sayin' Youll Never Leave Me<3
I realize everyone deserves a second shot but lindsay lohan?
Do you think any of the negotiators put this exemption in that context when talking with Apple? Is Apple aware of this impact?
Hey you. You're beautiful inside and out. Your smile is the most amazing feature about you. And your eyes are the beautiful thing ever.
........... i'm going to push you down stairs if you block.
lol it's alright. but yeah. we can rent one there
only does nice things if he gets something nice back. Why don't you just want to make me happy?!
thanks, guys :) Totally fine. Just annoyed that some people can't see giant pink humans with reflectors on them.
Hey, not sure if something is wrong, but I don't see any links to the posts you've tweeted with "Tweet Old Post."
Done and Done, bb.
Native Americans' ancestors were not Americans. They were Apache or Mississauga, or Pueblo my man. .
Ah nice long stretch, final touch ups on our Top Remodeler ABQ website, writing Thank You notes & prepping for Commercial! Boo-yah!
Its too early for a Saturday. Oh well LAST ONE!
Thanks for the RT !
heck yeah! (:
true, although now my hair is cyclamen. I'm planning a return to the purple, though! too
Not to worry...don't think that one is ever coming off!
ha no I'm not I just thought it was funny that when y'all found out it was about Haley you ran straight to twitter
Whenever I watch a "novice" ask questions I am amazed at how much insight "expert" will share with them- I must try to do that more often
For a chance to win a FREE bottle of wine your next visit: txt CRUSH to 411247. Enter 411247 for the phone #. In body of txt enter CRUSH.
What's the point of a "decorative" pillow let me sleep on that shit
long real relationships > >
Just got my blood drawn. Mom said I went pale...that's saying something seeing as I'm about as pale as they come. #queasy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089>
I dont know what's wrong with baron davis knee...but wow that didn't look normal
going to bed :PP
I'd add a transition when you toggle.
OD Hot In Here -.-
Apparently MN lacks affirmative action laws
More pictures from our last show at E-String coming soon!! :)
Great deal on dinner tonight! $20 entree, glass of wine, and dessert!
": #VoicesILove The one in my head that says "JUST GO FOR IT!"." Listen to the Voice! Have a great weekend #NitroCircus!
Must take advantage of the free wi-fi!
I'm assuming it didn't actually work
I'm not running, and I'm not walking fast. I'm going where I need to be.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool what am i going to wear tomorrow?
DON'T, JUST DON'T! You will be scarred for life. This is an official warning.
Pink hair is coming back- lets do this!
Overheard: I understand the system, I'm just saying its fucked
Great idea to sell baskets for #MarylandAvenueMontessori fundraiser! Watermelon, spinach, eggs, more.
ok im bck off...i cheated for a day but no more i promise lol
Make sure to post some pics. Maybe some art shots. Not too many or you'll end up by theater smoking unfiltered cigarettes.
my cat always looks like she wants to murder someone.
Hey guys <U+2665> what's up?(:
on Wat he gone b there.. what time..
Yeah, November is the worst month of the whole year for me to do that amount of writing. June, though. I think that will work.
You're kidding rite?
[-] that the PO Box rented to me 2 days ago (which I've now had printed on 250 bus cards) already belongs to someone else.
abs-o-lutely.
$39 for 2 Rapid, Excellent Results 20 Minute Teeth Whitening Treatments at Wave Light Advanced Teeth Whitening ($149 Value)
hello stranger
A sobering thought: what if, at this very moment, I am living up to my full potential? ~Jane Wagner
Those last two RTs largely b/c of how heartening it is to see a request for "a broad interest in the humanities."
or a craigslist sublet. prob easier this time of year (students) but beware weirdos. that's what I did and it turned out ok.
I'm sure you were fabulous!! Congratulations!
My tweets aren't always just about one person in particular But if that makes you feel special than* hey.. This one is for you
..so tomorrow is my sisters wedding....i'm gonna sticky string her Lol i will take some pics and show you wish u could help:)
Belated thank you for #FF mention You are the best!
And sometimes love is intoxicating oh, you're coming down and your hands are shaking when you realize there's no one waiting.
noo. I was like, crying.
Developers working hard on maintenance due to issues with host site. Stay posted for updates, but you can still browse for now.
Treat yourself to a spa day, you deserve it!
Learned today that web performance improvements are all about the frontend. And that custom fonts are terrible in IE. :(
Ichiro at bat, just as I get to the dead zone in my morning commute
dance in the rain
So many questions I have,but few answers. However, if I only concentrate on the "few" I would never let the "few" become "all"
Damn poor guy on 104.3!
I am always taking suggestions so please don't be scared. We've all gone through some craziness lets shine on light on it.
Curating as a mode :: (I can outsource control but not my responsibility for starting something) :: Barnaby Drabble
no hipster boys allowed?
Awesome glasses niall i love them :D
favorite team?
How bout them Spurs!!!!
#RedSox threatening in Bottom 5 vs. #OaklandAs 1st and 2nd, none out. Middlebrooks gets first MLB hit, an infield grounder he legged out.
unorthodox, uh, celebration by the mavs. Nowitzki sprints OFF the court with 4 seconds left, kidd begs marion for ball, chandler hugs wife
Lower Columbia plays top-ranked Whatcom in a consolation game at 10pm Sunday. Aaron Alston led LCC with 22 points.
I love you :D<3333333
"I'm not going to kill Jack Reacher because he's the only character I've got!" - Safe for now,
Good morning :) so happy it's Friday :)))
Glad to see that has defined bringing strategy and creativity together: Charasmatic Branding.
3 new panhandle women's coaches hired this year. 4 in 2 or 3 years. Wow, quite a turnover. Shud b interesting.
Can I Have a #FollowBack :)
good luck!
So now #GooglePlus has trends? It's like the best of #Facebook and #Twitter, but without any of the users!
Hot guy at hollister
Old Thinking + Old Habits + Long Term Viewpoint = Potential
congrats! RT 3000 followers?! Holy sh*t. New folks,welcome. This will all be on the test. Read the damn syllabus and take notes.
Ah, you're talking about Kyle Wiltjer. Yep, hope he continues hitting 3's, Lord knows we'll need them.
Great message! RT when you stop learning you stop leading.
And when u said u HATE me That's when u lost me
Eating at The Malt House!
Glad to hear that your CD got there OK! Humbled by your words my dear Ken, thanks to you for been a blessing. <3
Ugh more bands need to come to San diego soon especially , I'm in desperate need to go to a concert..
MandelaArt Launched Today on Hautelook - signup Free and join us to promote this Nelson Mandela upliftment project - see modern collection!
Sweet! It would be fun for a bunch of people to get together for that
QR codes used for: contests, ads, billboards, name tags (contact info), real estate house videos/sales. Endless possibilities.
I rather b appreciated than luved..
#Life is #great #music #art and #family is all a person
Txt me :p
if you're in the Greensboro area you can come out to the cake tasting tour June 16th downtown 11-3!
Planning a "One Book Read Aloud" to begin the year with EVERYBODY NEEDS A ROCK by Byrd Baylor
your crazy
double tztaziki bukake to the face is the healthiest option we currently have
(O___o) elephant thing w/ don trump jr? Am I missing something?
no one was asking for your opinion
thanks :D
wait. Thought it was chick flick night. I was going to suggest Coming to America.
Interesting, I've played since '84 and been on every net forum there is but I have no idea who you are. Not that prominent, huh?
One Tequila, Two Tequila: On The Border Shakes It Up for Cinco de Mayo
Thanks to Scott Fleming for a great event last night!
Individual commitment to a group effort-that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
much better than climbing this machine, you go Brian- total world make over please
Who Wanna Be My Twitter Boyfriend n Brother/Sister? :D
I am renaming my thermal coffee mug ESPN because it leaks and puts a stain on things
ac/dc
can't wait to see you in the show man
New buffet at the training table All desserts! Losers! RT : Im pretty sure Dayne Crist is now headed to Kansas. A natural fit.
Going to Suzhou on bus with no suspension. Hold on tight
of course for shaving silly. LOL
the one with one i and maybe should I?
who's ready for ustream?
Steven Jackson on NFL Live, but nobody really cares
Do I have that right? I'm no mathematician, but did I get the basic math correct? Median is NOT average, aye?
New Special! The Great Pig in the Sky.... bacon, herb garlic goat cheese sauce, fresh green bell pepper. So good.
Kandi looks good !
The number of #Mizzou people I've never met that I'm following on twitter is absurd...
is it flat on the bottom cause tgat would be easier to cut lol.
your twit name is gay :p
well I usually go to sawgrass on Fridays and Saturday's and Sunday's my mom takes me shopping random places..
Sleepy time
:Amanda, I certainly hope that you don't buy into this "prediction" by Harold Camping. Jesus warned of false preachers/doomsayers
I haven't gotten all the way through yet but there's a strong chance it will I think!
and I am a minority at my highschool. I wish you the best in college, hopefully BYU :) you are a fantastic role model thanks
They say the world was build for two?
play-acting just as bad as fouling. Player's union should be the one's driving this not FA & not refs.
just following up on our request for a quick interview on campus Love to chat further! #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
Huge storms in Nashville Antioch area news said power outages my direct tv just went out. Be careful
Every Actor has been on Law and Order and or CSI. True fact.
I know its Sat but the grind is on going!
We will be serving our beer there. Cannot wait. Come up and say hey.
Time to head up to the roof top to catch some rays.
.what to do, what to do..
My brother in the fedz told me today he has hurt his family more then ANY enemy he ever had in the streets!! By being away for so long
So.. The rumors r not true. I do not have a 2nd kid on the way. Never did..haha.the crazy ass ex baby momma told me that to try and keep me
no luck so far
Man im suppose to be at work at 9 am, BUT IM GETTING CAUGHT BY EVERY RED LIGHT.
Hey NBA, this is what happens when you let the Hornets and Bobcats play each other!!
Good Morning ^_^
do you beleive there is a love gene?
Already did:)
aww YOU SUCK
Oh, right! Thanks :)
make two dreams come true but following me nd 16
Hiho zombies and humans! A couple of us mods are going to be at Freebirds across the street for lunch!
Road Runner Sports
Thank you for the kind comments, Heather.
...great sound...awsome singing..it makes all Americans like me feel proud to be American.
With Keener, I'm not sure how could A Late Quartet could be anything less than good (a very vague descriptor, I realize).
back at ya!
Where's Jason Sutherland when you need him? #mizzou// Great reference sir. #Waterton,SouthDakota
are you guys coming to Chicago???
Tickets are on Sale Now for Dynamics Beauty Expo
lol this is a good example of how sometimes the internet and alcohal don't mix ;)
your bio couldn't be more true.
RT Fewer than 1/3 of U.S. 8th graders are proficient in #science, but most students are improving, #NAEP results show: htt...
that one will put u 2 sleep 4sure
Christopher Williams
Oh, Monday. Why you gotta be so....Monday.
Thanks for the support today. Looking forward to seeing you hot weirdos tomorrow!!
Mechanical issue affecting MAX Blue Line on west side. Riders should expect 20 to 30 minute delays both east- and westbound through 7 p.m.
So Facebook bought Instagram... Who cares???
Frustrating...but it looks like no deal happening tonight. I still expect deal to get done within 48 hours though. Just turbulence.
nice neighborhood....do they want to adopt me?
Bdays are the best days lollx
Don’t expect a joy ride because the lid is blowing off. The west turned a blind eye, but the report was prophetic, with key evidence.
follow me please
this guy has balls of i don't even know. hundreds of stories up with no net. lololol i cant even go four stories up
Lol at the idiot with the vuvuzella at the reds/pirates game. Somebody break that thing
fuck you bitch boy. Mad Cuz I got a girl that'll stick with me.
#LoiterSquad might be the best show ever
: Sept is hot n Newark, NJ! 9/22 artist Jerry Gant's Verizon How Sweet The Sound & @ Aljira 9/27
I keep referring to CES as Comdex. Foreshadowing?
damn sounds like a long day! I feel for ya haha
*blowin kisses and flippin the bird*
baggy sweats, bed and blankets
I DONT WANT NO PHONE WHEN I LEAVE I DONT WANT TOO BE TRACKED
People of #coffeeshops - 2 compliments on my bookstand-1 pointed out its ergonomic correctness, 3 people in black turtlenecks and jeans
Break a leg - give 'm hell tonight! #ChazRocks!
So not passing this last year of college. Meh. Whatever. Already over it.
I decided not to tweet the days in May & their corresponding HTTP status codes. The 5xx list is too depressing. :(
Apparently, the industry changed "cinema" (originally "shinema" in Japanese) to "kinema" early on to avoid the "shine" pun meaning "death"
Disruptive conferencing = moderators withholding breaks :-(
Hey my homie is working on doing a 21 and up party to raise some money for the Kidney foundation you guys down to support it.. n Greensboro
": Corn-flakes were created as an anti-masturbation cereal." What does that even mean?? What is a pro-masterbation cereal?
Healing does not mean going back to the way things were before, but rather allowing what is now to move us closer to God.” <U+2015> Ram Dass
<3 when a girl checks in at Al's Cabaret.
LOL Agreed!! And should probably know the definition of 'vixen'...
People are using smart phones more and more to find what they want locally. Do you want to learn how to get listed in Google local Search?
Follow my friends & fellow morning co-workers, the best Laredo radio has to offer!
On the road again
Yes, it's appalling, Zarina. The work certainly didn't deserve the treatment it got from
you should tell people to follow me :)
i will shoutout you if you follow <--- go go go :D
alcohol is not the answer but it makes me forget the question.
What are you doing this weekend? Anything awesome going on? Let us k now!
It's hard to believe America's jobs governor is out of the race when the general will be about jobs.
np!!! did you get a chance to check out my music at all? =)
thank you for your support! I enjoy ur work as well.
go for it!
This PP is a mess!
Check out Las Posadas. 10-15 min from town but huge rooms and gourmet breakfast.
yup because they won't be creeped out at all(; PERFECT PLAN!!
Speaking of, my father and Boytoy contend that one major qualification missing does not a blown interview make. What say you all?
Hoping NC votes to allow all kinds of marriage. Love is Love yo
thanks for the #follow Naomi!
Some semi-famous DJ is jealous of Can ya blame him tho? #hatehimcausetheyainthim lol
You're quite welcome. :) Lots'a good work from and ...and killer support from
yah u did coz i unfollowed u jason i no u did
Have we ruined the #occupy label at this point? Sometimes I wonder if we've been reduced to simply playing a bit part in the "culture wars."
RT : #Quote of the Day: There is no reason not to follow your heart. ~Steve Jobs
“: Baby I want you to be my shining star, I can't afford to lose your light <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>” #SwagLife Follow: &
“: that's bullshit and ur avi is gone :(” it's cool it'll be back for your viewing pleasures just waiting
TRIVIA: SPhiS's first national convention was held on what college campus?
faster than the output end only money
#Kings staying in #Sacramento. Very exciting day for all of Sacramento! #HereWeStay!
“: Just secured a spot on Alberta for !! Man this is not an easy task. See you between 20th and 21st. #sweetspot”
You too, bro!
I'm down!! Let's do it
If time is what matters, then it's only a matter of time!
I love my coffee pot with a timer, I can't imagine life without it.
I was just kidding damn it. Kisses honey and happy belated bday.
While taking pictures, I must refrain my inner girl from making a duckface.
Jacky Has My iPod She Literally Controls My Entire Internet Social Life Right Now(:
“: Yall may hate this but I'd absolutely pick up Adam Jones for cheap and let.him add depth”
RT That's a fact I work here on campus-students are not happy. #USF Polytechnic students are EXTREMELY upset
I wasn't registered to vote... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Leadership - No man can stand on top because he is put there.
Traveler® will celebrate his 50th Anniversary with a special Half Time Show
I feel ya! My nuggs r struggling without ne injuries!
or were they just beaten by a better team....and better number 9 ;)
talk is about consolidation and virtualization. It's covered in abstract but apparently attendess dont read
that's cool that the patriots are letting a 70 year old homeless woman sing the national anthem
and that they're still cooking -__-
Very cool for to come in great dude! Had a lot of fun can't wait for Thursday
thanks man! I did too. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
TGIF from the American Botanical Council! Don't forget to follow us !
Summer over night hotel rates as low a $67.09 800-388-5381 ask for Summer rate
"Mr. Brûlé himself, who embodies the border-agnostic sophisticate whom the brand is built around." I would have said Juan Valdez.
Performers including Trevor Saint (perc), Amanda Schoofs (voice), Christopher Jones (piano), Laura Murphy (dance), and more...
Ive been there ONCE when I was little and that was it. Dont remember. Id like to see Los. Angeles one day AND Burbank :)
If I could find you now things would get better, we could leave this town and run forever. #2000'smusic
was it you who had someone doing some light housekeeping for you? I know it was one of the treps.
i swear pumps caffeine through the air ducts...i come for a tea & leave w/ an adrenaline rush *flips car while screaming*
that's brand new information to me!
sorry to say, but I have to miss today's #edchatsa. I'll check in on the discussion later.
never. It's been legit good stuff :) haha
30 days of school left this year. Next May I'll be in Orlando with some friends and then the next September, I'll start college.
#ThingsILookFor someone to be like you. Who am I kidding tho?
booked a gig as Spongebob haha!
RT : It's a brainwash they selling y'all idiots the same shoe over & over again. Y'all kids can't escape the rape
Guess What Twitter!!! It's pre-sale ticket day!! YAAAAAYYYYY!!!
“: New song were working on: fat stupid and slutty” Lol.
don't kid yourself
I'll still be your friend
I saw this, and I would have done the same thing. Except, I wouldn't have bothered to ask 911... Lol
happy birthday hun....txt me as soon as possible....
IM SO SAD RITE NOW I NEED TICKETS IMMA CRY *TEAR* NO JOKE
Just making it back from west Memphis..week was too straight"( :
Good for you, Nostra! I've nominated you for a few #LAMMY2012 categories :)
When suit shopping, always take a buddy. 2d opinion, Salesman buffer, more fun, better results. Thanks for the help today, !
Just recommended bit.ly/p9upqY elsewhere as offering some interesting connections between craft and contemp. culture, fwiw.
I hereby retract my snide remark. Thanks for the info, John Bartholemew!
If i say kiss my ass it ain't just a phrase, i mean it literally
did y'all make it to the circus
never understand hate
Waiting for this new Kanye is taking me back to the good ol days when Good Fridays would show up late Saturday/early Sunday.
Same here. I mean I really really REALLY don't like Drake. But Rihanna's voice on the track is amazing!
I already know my nephews gonna a lot girls growing but one of them needs to toughen up
Do u know Anne Emery's postWW2 jr novels series re 4H? Working on diff series--hadn't thought much re 4H angle till saw yr bio.
Do you like talking on the phone? Is it just me who hates it?
Why go to the post office wait in line to buy one stamp. Why not buy a book of stamps and save the trip next time?
love to see bruce as doc savage!,,,,
Nope doesn't change anything. The only question that is important right now is are you attracted to him?
I gets no love like what happend?????
classic music is the shit!!
ha, really? I expect a full report on the findings and whether it is worth a return trip. Maybe not, this is a family show...
Great cause. DM us your t-shirt size! MT : best COM moment? Selling cookies on COM Lawn with for the Katie Bleck Foundation.
Thanks - belatedly - I've seen great sites using Wordpress, but that's more just a blog platform and not a full CMS, right?
Today's BTU inspiration: "Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." ~Dalai Lama
#HardestThingsInLife watching the one you love fall in love with someone else !
Bellflower Court this morning for a Fix It Ticket a Sarcastic Cop gave me because they was MAD I was shooting a Music Video in Lakewood -_-
Maybe you people were all bigger to start with? My sister's Norwegian father-in-law is still a tall man at 75(ish).
Wed @ the Moose - Lamb and Tomato Stew w/ Cauliflower and Kalamata Olive - Tempura Shrimp Tacos -
Glad it worked out!
if only that viewpoint translated over to his stance on abortion (why shouldn't it?) he'd probably have my vote
thanks! You just rescued a table of confused people.
PLEASE FOLLOW! HUGE FANS FROM NEW YORK
my twitter is acting wierd so im not going to use it
MARCH 14TH, ALBERT EINSTEIN'S BIRTH DAY...
Is it too presumptuous to walk up to a chick & ask how much? She's dresses like whore, tweets like slut & looks like a skank in her pics.
Just had the most painful 5 block drive of my life...MUST retire these shoes!
Meta World Peace face look like a halloween mask
So cold nothing can warm me up.
You are actually gonna let me go to bed like that? yeah, this isn't my fault
i said porn! not movies lol
You cannot fail, unless you quit.
Almost want to get a shot at the clinic now
so don't get upset you've known her for 18 yrs just tell her she will see it when you get home
Link some jams! I love Caribbean jams and I'm Haitian!
Any plans for #MothersDay tomorrow?
STEP BOYS ARE MY OBSESSION.
You left me a card? Aww!!! You're the best! :)
How bout a beer... carbs in a bottle.
what is the "skype" equivalent in the healthcare space?
Roman noodles >>>
Very smart girl. Although her statement is now false.
It's what I do I Love it l
Drunk at the Roosevelt ;) nothing better
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes :)
While you don't want to stand far away from it, you don't really need to get all intimate with it either. .
Its funny how u thought that...
please do call
I is. Indeed.
Responded to FIRE @ 48-11 206 St, Queens, NY 11364. Red Cross auto update.
hey cali, you're the one that started in on your wife's vagina. Not me.
Baby imma be your motivation.
Sorry people but if it hasn't been reported on TMZ yet then it isn't true... Sad but true
I got like 4 hits out of 10...not so bad for a person who doesnt play softball :P
Happy birthday Dr. Seuss!
Jessica what's wrong !!
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
lol I love y'all :) GIRLS NIGHT?
I hate when my nails are short
Lol thank you!!
Just finished it. Love the ending and how Andy broke out of jail!!
Runaway from reality ! Sooner or later you will realize that dreams always become nightmares
Great job on Parks and Rec. tonight!!
If you could be a cocktail, what cocktail would you be and why?
The Diane Schuler story is a horribly disturbing story. Another gripping HBO documentary. Clearly more to the story than just DWI.
BAHAHAHA omg and a Mud pie and tamales and tacos and a basket of chips for each of us.
Vows to change Washington from the "Outside".
Just Ordered My Royal Blue Vlados! (Knights) :D I'm So Excited!!
Lynn's class of 2012 enters a world of possibilities: Diamandis, who lives by the motto: 'the best way to predict the future is to cr...
It's the last day at the MRS Spring Meeting -- stop by our booth for last minute savings! Thanks to all those who visited!
YOU LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!!! DON'T RESIST THE BIEBERCONDA!!! BTW did you see harry mess up bc i didnt?
omg....he is so annoying. U at kj BBQ?!
hard sale bro
JOB INTERVIEW thursday
would love to schedule a demo. can you contact me?
It's a great day to work the night shift. I can enjoy our spring like day - all day!
Looks like we are in for another 1-0 or 2-1 type games. Both starters look in control so far.
Funny you mention that. I'm lobbying to get more hours in the day. I'll let you know how that goes :)
mom likes to bake black balls in her Fart Oven...ijs.Get that trick ass whore while she's hot!!!
(Was that a stretch?)
When anyone drives a Camaro blasting Winger I worry.
no it's stuck in landscape
Yummy! Where is ? I've never heard of it. (So can I even call myself a froyophile anymore?)
Nice. Who are some of the arms you've been most impressed with?
wats up stranger
As much as I love fresh air this heat is unbearable...
Oh...Follow right now for WIAA hoops ruling... Madison or GB?!?!?
i should have added
the wind is really shaking our windows here on the 8th floor of boelter hall
im going to sign up for gmnastics y mom is takin me soo um ur parents will need to take u soon i guess
Shaq wins the shirt off hes got the betta body.
fathers day event at the Lancaster Airport, Sunday, 1pm to 4pm. This event is free. Sponsored by the Commemorative Air Force . 214-953-2233
#myunionprepaid stands with #IUPAT District 9 Painters in NYC who are asking to be paid the same rates as other building trades.
IM TOO EXCITED FOR CELEB SIGHTINGS IN FUTURE.... RIGHT UP THE STREET TOO
Is Kate Stacks Dead?
Good Monday Morning! Made a plan, now working the plan! Next stop: results!!
I need to hit the gym fast.
Mind you, I find it tres amusant that we can complete the courses en Français.
Christmas is only days away and all I just want is peace on earth, with some really great NFL & NBA Games this weekend!
Heck yeah I'm goin, I'm gonna leave like around 530 so I don't catch any traffic, it's a Party Bus, we can't afford 2b late lol:)
Thanks for the RT this morning !
Planning on setting up the official FN Films blog/quasi-website this week. Follow our productions in more than 140 characters! Neat-o!
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered. - Nelson Mandela
Random question: did you ever hear of anyone getting one of the "golden tickets" in their Coming Home DVD?
Anybody cover "Red Angel Dragnet" on 6th Street tonight?
got some muh's coming to film me in a minute. Better put some pants on and turn this Joy Division down...
Nobody believes the official spokesman, but everybody trusts an unidentified source. ~ Ron Nesen
I love I love you are candy
Not even tired !!
RIP #Junior Seau!
how bout those Celtics!
Watching *the* Mechanical Turk. Christmas in April.
Phew. Got hair done just in time for lunch with tomorrow.
Who is ready for the season finale of Million Dollar Listing New York?
Never change. RT Over some wine, James May and I agreed to work on a project. This morning, I can't remember what it was.
The roads are icy out there! Be careful, but if you need us, all six of our locations will be open at 7:30 tomorrow morning!
hey heard some of your Favs on talk shop, and I bird said I was talked about in Thom Browne?? Do tell!
he is MMA ready, damn!
Congrats to the #Mavs #mcuban and city of Dallas...NBA Champs!
I will help you to make #Kony Famous! Count with me! :) xo WE CAN
Sure! #Cision has an academic program where students can use the database for free. may need to initiate it tho...
sometimes i wish i had a scottish accent
Thank you! I'm glad you enjoyed it & that I have such great, supportive friends! The next one is in the works, but a ways off.
Could the packers take Russell Wilson if he's still available?
what is #femlead? I got some prof development $ to attend a leadership conference next year. Thanks!
Happy Holidays!
Pooping at church.
When "relativism" becomes our standard of truth, we allow ourselves to be governed by a "poll driven" morality."
Thanks for passing on that link!
Just ate a deformed mutant baby carrot and my toes curled. Omg, what have I done?
Just found out that Ohio has a Canadian Goose hunting season. Anyone want to guess what will be served for Christmas dinner this year?
RT #flashontap conference was great fun, got me excited about a bunch of new directions in tech. Flash multi-touch table rocked!!!
So happy your surgery went well
I read about the snowy owls on Chicago's lakefront. Went down to Montrose Beach and there one was. Beautiful!
Yeah I looked it up lol at first I thought michigan, guess the lake thing threw me off lol
Tryna find a song to choreograph to..
Pics or it didn't happen.
I have a random question. Im visiting MIA from TN & am getting your lion design tatted on my arm while down here & was gonna ask
I'm from ch and go to oregon, u def gotta make it out to a game, they're too live
Gotta go too but thanks so much - this has given me the motivation to take the next step by registering for
Now that was a good dream.
I also said listen :)
Home alone + Music = A Great Time :D
Who knew it'd be my grandma that finally got me into One Direction. BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE
I want to be John Malkovich.
"babysit dis dick" -
Whats ur current location? Mothers maiden name? Birth & SSN? Please answer all the questions, as I need a new credit card.
Shit get nasty like a dirty flick...
Our next US Military Mission is called Shock & Shaw. He's firing pucks from a ship miles away in the ocean
I am too nice. I blame my mom.
I love to sing in the restroom.. It sounds better :)
who's checked out the #SXSW Accelerator live steaming sessions? I keep missing the beginnings!
I do !! I'm way too busy not to be hungry lls !!! Wats wrong wit u text me !!
You around somewhere during lunch break?
Inspire other to be their best by being YOUR best! Enjoy the weekend!!
The 2012 Kia Optima is tearing up the track w/ Adriana Lima, & kicking ass w/ Chuck Liddell and Motley Crue. See the #ad NOW
If ur man enough to say "no way UK can beat FL by 20" you should be man enough to back it up when ur wrong. That's class.
I think I'm pissed at you for almost losing all our money. You better buy me a present on the way home to make up for it.
why are you saying these crazy things?!?! Your breaking my heart!!!
oh well goodnight boo<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
ar u k
everybody love but I'm not AVLL
OMFG. I would've done that if a girl/guy I didn't onow kissed me... WILL SMITH= HYSTERICAL BAHAHAHAHA(;
It's so upsetting. What was she thinking?
money on my mind
That sounds fabulous! Let's definitely do that! Happy Holidays!
RT : b. 06/28/1906: Maria Goeppert, the 2nd woman to win a Nobel Prize in Physics. She discovered atomic structure.
Great job to #Humber, hell of an ending to a Perfect Game, but the White Sox seem good at that...
well the clips will have to worry about the mavs next year, they're stacking up.
Blew past my 2,000th tweet! Oops. Meant to save it for something really clever.
The Oz Patisserie Daily Special is: Lemon-Basil Souffle with Raspberry Crema. Summer has Arrived.
I could if I would. I heard I was great.
Weekend Edition: Days 12 & 13 of #missingmilwaukee are dedicated to my lovely and beloved colleague Annie Mclanahan.
sounds like my nightly routine...
you speak the truth
nothing says summer like a sonic cherry limeade
and arabagh6 Thanks for the retweet and mention!
a little bit shape software to while away your evening with?
U looking real thuggish, in ur Hollister ex-medium T-Shirt.
I feel like I'm retarded when I'm running with a backpack on.
Sending new job wishes to you...I'll have a pecan pie waiting for you when (when!) you get here.
Limbaugh's selfish & deluded & loves Reagan for getting FAIRNESS DOCTRINE out of the way of his LIES.
The election won't even be close. Obama is going to lose in a landslide.
I swear by the mud below my feet You can't raise a Caine back up when he's in defeat.
i think i have a liddol crush on him.. :c
#YouCuteAndAllBut your choice is music is ass
- I'd say The Philippines was probably the most interesting, but my fave was a short film we shot out at the Kelso Sand dunes.
I'm glad you read it! It means a lot:)<U+2665>
Day off ... going to tackle the bedroom closet. 7 months overdue for some serious unpacking & organizing. Can't wait to see forgotten shoes!
Its friday.
Weekly Q & A sessions with me, Henry Brim! Email questions to .
first day was uneventful. im mentally beat.
"Someone can hurt you more than you deserve because you love them more than they deserve"
Big win today for K St men's bball & ! Congrats!!
Oh man, the entire album! It's been 12 years since the release and its still SO FRESH!
I can't wait! Delicious. Caffeinated. Satirical yet heartfelt. It'll be a smash.
Hey there, (rubyatwa743), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
just got to thinking too much and really really really bummed myself out.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
So Im In My Room And It Was Very Hot So I Said " Its Gettin' Hot Crack A Window Air It Out " lmao #DrakeMoment .
Ah, Twitter. We're at a crossroads my friend.
RT “: I am a big fan of Early College High Schools & other efforts to build social capital"
I wanna win #divestock2012 tix! Hard to pick just 1 fave local craft beer but if you insist, I'll say anything
#DWCdc presentations tomorrow 9-11am on the 3rd floor of Mary Graydon ! All friends, family and the community are welcome!
GERMS - they're real, people! #beware of ppl who sneeze inside revolving doors
Thank you!!!!
On my way to the south....
So if your auto-DM to new followers ends with a ?, you need to follow them to get a response. Might explain the silence.
!!!!!!!": #LastTimeIChecked friends don't bail on each other when times are hard but I guess things have changed."
Can we please have new commercials next week for the Final Four. I have these commercials memorized.
Love it-so inspiring to see how God uses Twitter :) RT : 3rd different time I saw that verse today! Gods talkin!
Sunday nights are all about half priced bottles of wine... Come on down and enjoy some wonderful Grower Champagne half price
I loved being pregnant, things only a REAL MOTHER can experience!!!
good come back. That doesn't leave me THAT far behind though.
Game day....Get focused !
eww don't shave your head!
I wonder if andre could kill the house party remix?
“: why did u use the term "freak out factor"?” -- suppose I could've used "settle in"
Is that what causes it? I'll be more careful not to do that then. Still clueless as to why pple think macs are so intuitive.
Shot HD video and 500 stills for CBS5.com of Academy of Art Fashion Show. Broke prongs off mem card...adios fotos...aarrrrgggghhh!@#$%^&*
": “: Well you're a whore. #bigsurprise #bigsurprise #bigsurprise”me"yeah you're a huge whore
oh haha I'm dumb
ha, that's funny, especially coming from a whore like yourself. Dawn is gonna turn out just like you. --
Dominion District Tourney finals tonight: Bys-Cosby vs Clover Hill, Grls-Cosby vs JRHS. Stay tuned for updates.
Thanks for telling your followers about us! Have a great day!
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo Look up the lyric if what you sing makes no sense. "Each drink can be merry, for tomorrow we die."
safe trip . so far I'm enjoying myself . but it's so cold in ATL right now (* shivers *) <3
wow me either :/
How could she invite you if you live in chula vista think corinna -.-
learn! once you get the hang of it, and you really want to learn you'll do it!
Olive oil soap is great for shaving. It moisturizes and leaves your skin soft and smooth.
i have to finish a couple of writing deadlines, so i probably won't make it today :(
What do you want to hear in our new material? We will probably ignore you and play what we want but I'm curious. Haha
Better stalls than crappers.
Boston is playing like the series is a lock anyway
Hi , thank you so much for following me!!
HAHA! woohoo! You are a close runner up though. LOL
Oh I will deserve it. Guaranteed. I use it now to measure how warped I am compared to others LOL
At the rate we're dropping RBs, maybe the Horns will have to have Gray come to school next week.
looking for a job? is hiring!
This day keeps getting better...
Why must work be so boring /:
very dramatic with the streamers
Working our schools carnival..
Pre-Daylight Savings Time Sale! Hurry and call in to find out on the special this week.
thanks for the educator's directory info. i wasn't aware of the three you sent.
Shout Me Out ?
You guys have a 13P?
Anyone else going to the A's game?
damn, my boy dan giving me a new machine. my balls are SO wet
Getting to wakeup to the NBA Playoffs tomorrow morning >>>
Cherish things while you still have them, and not when they're gone.. Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forward.
Well Im Done! ha but almost out of this class! Dam Can Wait Almost Out For Christmas Vacas!! lol haha
happy birthday (:
Also, $10 'Til 10pm back by popular demand. Just $10 cover 'til 10pm EVERY SATURDAY in #October Get here early & dance the night away!
Had a dream i was on a cruise for a week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
yall are hilarious
Yep, the previous version of the plug-in required the @ symbol, but the latest update no longer needs it. Thanks!
How is your vacation?
I dont get the emails i just got. what do they mean i wonder.
Ron Paul is about to win my vote...
#IfIwasPresident I would make it illegal for anyone with the names 'Justin Drew Bieber' or 'Austin Carter Mahone' to wear clothes
Man #STG don't bother talking to me tomorrow.
I go hard in duh mothhha finng kitchen :p lalalalalala
First session is about to start. Excitement in the air. Nobody dressed in steampunk outfit. Dissappointed!
I don't know what "disastranaught" means, but it's written in permanent marker over the bathroom door of this bar.
Being sick was the way I wanted to spend this week off.
thanks I know this festival is just awesome. You guys have to come here one year. 54th yr
Great quote!
FOLLOW MI PEOPLE!!! I already have n following mi so u should too:)
#FF damn cool writers
Personally, I enjoyed BlogTV last night....especially your dancing.(; lol
u r 2 honest 4 my #TL its *SCREAMING* *STOP* at U!!! #wtf why???? u do her like that?
Is that real life?!
I wonder if jadens gonna come out aha
Thanks for the comments and shout outs people :). Muahhhh
I really hope feels better ! :( <3
This girl is talking about how she likes to drink her blood uh don't speak to me
Must. Have. Coffee. NOW!
Action is the foundational key to all success
tell your carnal I got some musica for him!
That honestly hurt more than anything </3
carly's boyfriend has a twitter...shall we troll?
Launch your USC DISASTER APP for the
What's the best in and outdoor exercise for cardio and weight control? My vote is cycling
you know what i think i actually might...im so thankful she caught it early before it really got out of control.
The Gold Coast is calling your name... keep an eye on ur phone! RT waiting. waiting. waiting. to hear back from :)
and your birthday is coming up!
I wish I had my iPod so I could listen to Interpol constantly. </3
": LIVE from Ohio State! It's WEDNESDAY NIGHT LIVE! Vanessa Bayer & (from SNL) will be on campus TONIGHT! Tix still available"
Thanks! Today was a great day! Very happy right now!
interesting thesis.
I know! I'm so ready! Did you go too?
RT : There may be many people who have similar skills as you, but who has your history, personality, heart, & spice? No one.
I'm thinking about getting a new tat..
RE:| Help
Just can't get enough of Jersey Shore!!! Oh and damn, Italy next week.. Oh yeah!
On the beautiful girls always think they have someone there. So in the end they do not accrue to anyone ..
Sent myself an email in the middle of the night on Thursday that reads "righteous mind". Wish I knew what it meant.
Thanks! One of the weekend adoptions was Suni, Alice's sister! Alice is doing great btw...
Spending my day designing a new website in-between realizations that I'm bad at designing websites but I make great grilled cheese sandwich
text me BBG
pretty much.
I am beyond exciting to be living with and in just a couple of weeks!
great baby sat a cutie
We can't wait to hear them! Good luck in the "lab"!
RIP Rep. Donald Payne a champion of human rights and African development in Congress from NJ.
hell off a game by you and the boys best wishes to on a speedy recovery from the
Sal Said to send his yo questions and answers for Ms. Buisson ... NOW
oh adult swim.. you so crazy.
drinking two or more diet sodas a day increases your chance by 30% to have a decrease in kidney function.
Why am I sick again?! I think it's due to Salamanca's crazy weather conditions.
I like your makeup. LOL, JK. It looks like you got gang banged by Crayola.
Right now she's convinced my niece just can't. But she's never asked her to try. Just just treats her hair like a chore.
CIA website
I dont know
Word on the street @ toys-r-us is the front of the line is 4 tablets and iPods
hey lady! I've been stalking your tweets and need some updates on your life! Good luck with everything!!!
iJuz Love My $$Money$$ iSay Fuck My Ex's!!
What you gone steal a martini?
The picture Maria just sent me >>
5 shots, f*ck a reload.
eww you're right. I am crazy :-(
You are so perfect, why cant you be single?!
Can you people please stop sending me links to your reverbnation mixtapes? Why don't you get a deal the old fashion way and bend over?
What's this I hear about David Robertson??
Nice. Time to talk to Marvel.
...Talen, City Rules; and a great stack of bks on the Reform Act of 1832. Intellectual freedom w/in the academy can't compare to outside it.
stuck in a closet. R. KELLY.
couldn't agree with you more. Editing is fundamental to the creative process.
I'm in a wedding on the 7th! No go for me ladies :(
It was our pleasure!
Anyone here loves 1D? Follow me :)
People have been saying "You only live once" for years, it is not an excuse to do horrible things...
Only in Rally service do u see a guy with a leaf blower, dusting out the van. Lmao.
#cnndialogues #poverty : born into generational poverty. Our country teaches poverty is your problem u created,not situational.
thanks for joining the webcast and excited to work with you on
Before seeing Lang Lang's spectacular performance at the Mesa Arts Center, why not grab a quick lunch at the Orange Iguana?
Please help us find a drummer! Offering free studio time in exchange for solid leads!!
I have too many fantasies to be a housewife. I guess I am a fantasy.
"In 1999, what was the notional amount of contracts traded?" - asked by nobody ever playing Trivial Pursuit
My 2cnd period was fun I was put to do in experiment, and the kid was feeling awkward, did not know what was going on!
Kobe's flu game > Your favorite player on performance enhancers
Honey bucket truck with a trail of tp stringing down the road makes me laugh.
So excited! is jetting off to Miami for some colorful inspiration tomorrow! Look for pictures this week!
Met someone over the weekend who has a verified Twitter account. That impresses me.
Hahaha!!! I swear this bitch should b a comedian
IM FREE
In other news, puppy seems to have wedged a jujube into her paw... Don't think we've had any in the house in years.
So sad to see people you love go down a path of self destruction. Heartbreaking to say the absolute least.
And it's now officially the most boring season of #survivor ever
Say Ye, say Ye, don't we do this every day-day?
Good job today girl!! Love you!
How far UCLA basketball has fallen: no intensity, half-empty arena, getting badly outplayed by Middle Tennessee....Wooden would be pissed.
Great Stuff by on the way next. Future of a college football playoff. NWST right now! KONG 6/16 at 11pm.
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:30. We have laptop gaming, we have have Wii gaming, join us for some afternoon R & R!
Shoutout my new follower
I was overcharged $100 on my cable bill. I already have HSI when I ordered cable and they billed me for installing HSI again
Caleb: You're a pushover Me: AM NOT!!!!!! Caleb: Don't argue Me: Okay... oh wait, SHOOT
I am officially done with school for the week! This is going to be a busy weekend though.
Eric Carvajal crushing it in forum @ Agent Reboot
Denied preferred boarding on 2026 this morning despite zone 1. It's like y'all try to find a new way to make me angry every trip
The state of Wisconsin would like to thank that courier who failed to do his job.
Atlanta, GA- Need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 250 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
we lost you in Phoenix on KFYI am 550
I'm a serial monogamist when it comes to reading. Otherwize Ze Brain, ze gets confuzed.
because you are amazing can you send some live to She left for nj last night for a family emergency. Please?
i love ur body sexy legs cute lip
Oklahoma City goal by Chris VandeVelde at 1:08 into overtime.
Lolz ok gotcha
I'll be on the news this Friday giving an interview for SRO. 9:45am on Q13!
After last week's stellar episode, I'm ready to
Back home from the VCU clinic... Coach Smarts practice was unforgettable. It will be raining 3's at VCU. can't wait to c them on game day
This guys glasses looks like there to small for his face lol
wow and black people used to be slaves lmaooooo i come from a white family...
welcome back!
Things are pretty crazy right now! Good luck with everything!
I have to say oreilly absolutely gets how do ebooks. DRM free, perpetual access, multi-format, frequent sales and lots of my money ;)
Reading a history of Napa Valley inspired me to buy a bottle of Mondavi merlot (which I never do). Now I know why I never do.
Late reply sorry! But I don't have a tumblr! I need to invest in one though... Caitlin xx
Suck it and fuck it y'all.
My wife from the other room during Barnbaum. "Ugh, brutal." Hilarious!
Your supervisor rocks! Awesome gift :)
Absolutely! Want to set up a lunch, or come into the office to meet with and myself?
Anyone hearing of anything new?
Fact: a rat can live longer without water than a camel can
Spent all year working on SJ Jazz Fest and now its come and gone. Check updated calendar and SJ Jazz Gallery at www.misterlatinjazz.com
hope you had your tape line on point! Thanks for the FB post mane
SO annoying when people text you wanting to know when the basketball games are tonight!! #Really has no one ever heard of #ESPN or
Every catastrophe? Let's hope that doesn't include the TSA strip search.
Watching abduction(:
Do you guys want us to live tweet the #NFLDraft or would that be way too annoying??
There is gonna be a mob wives of Chicago can't wait!
Midland pitcher W/ a good looking 95MPH fastball
What's the best insider Chicago shopping destination for luxury home goods? #chicago #interior design
matt WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPEND OMG I LOOKED OVER AND YOU DISCONNECTED :((((
Pac man will win only to make a money fight for Floyd Mayweather
Helping a cougar out
New Hampshire Receives ECS Frank Newman Award for State Innovation
Her eyes were like bluepools forbidden as if they were where the goddesses bathe in some ancient land double elixirs of tawdriness I swim in
Cause i said so lol -TheGeneral has spoken
This is the hardest of all to close the open hand out of love, and keep modest as a giver.
race riots in Tulsa & Rosewood by white nativists against blacks: violence, looting, burning & destruction of homes; media covers up issue.
I just put a few because that's what the packet said haha
what i think during school: i KNEW i shouldnt have gotten out of bed
Knock KnockWho's there !Anne Boleyn !Anne Boleyn who ?Anne Boleyn alley !
Powerful! "I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not. " - Kurt Cobain
no worries :3 I always insult people, except you lol jk
Great shot of jumping out of his seat when Staal's OT winner lit the lamp
Damn bro, those are some fresh crocs!
Love my SFO hotel, Argonaut, at Fisherman's Wharf. Thank you
"I don't know why everyone calls me a hipster." "I knew about them before they were big." Two sentences I heard from today.
Can i just be happy for once?
I can't believe the amount of BS I just heard. This is seriously ridiculous!
School's coffee really is crap. Do I care? Nope.
Thank you Rachell, I'm thrilled you enjoyed the session.
I like a boy..
Friends of Carlyle House Annual Garden Day Herb & Craft Sale, 8am-4pm. 4/21. 121 N. Fairfax St in
Shoot can I come now? Tomorrow is a problem unless at 11 or Noon
Your not even in this solar system.
YES #perfectday in LA :) ENJOY! - 80 degrees sitting poolside in January?! ... I love LA weather!
is super busy at work this week. Aaargh. Hopefully time to catch Watchmen with the bf tonight.
Our church usually doesn't acknowledge non-churchy holidays. Except Veteran's Day.
measurements not just about numbers. Numbers tell a story
Happy Mothers Day
Those who are rich and troubles are few may come around and see my point of view.
Besides Animal Hoarders....that doesn't count.
Hello Baseball!! Want the secrets to stealing more bases? Get them from the experts @ coachmikeroberts.com
Category 3. D;
Marketing is about #stealing the crowd's #attention and then keeping it.
#DWTS judges, you're so biased- how about sending #Roshon home finally? The fans agree- it's time for him to go.
Polar baby! MT : Aurora likely pregnant. Maggie Brooks says this is the world's first artificial fertility process.
I'll definitely let you know ;-) and thanks for the support.
Outlining saves a whole lotta rewriting.
let me know, and I are working around the clock. Right now I'm getting on the last Bart home :)
Saw The Grey in theaters. Loved it.
Giants all in RT : What team you want? or
Thanks for the shoutout!
Kobe with the record! And he only took 20 steps.
Invite others to wonder with you. Sets the stage for sharing a lot of ideas.
oh, kinky! how tight is it?
just for spring?
i can see why this is your new obsession...HAWT!
Thank you for birthday gift to be used for summer concerts at #Ravinia!
who was it and where do they work?
hello...max....im one of your fans ....and ive watch your movies my favorite is the 3 ninjas....with michael treanor and chad power..
Yes - in sadness, in joy, and things in between. RT : have you ever cried with a patient?
What do you like better. Reading a Bronx goblin article or watching Madonna's halftime show.
brb, saving the world.
Eating at prince's fried chicken in Nashville....featured on
Just so you know, my account was jacked. I would never pull something that bad. Looks like many were hacked. I am sorry.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 30
Oh yes to everything about that.
Thanks for the retweet!
what is new in your world, Ha?
why are my lips so chapped.
Thanks for the story this morning! Travel safe!
RT : Erase the messages, delete the number and move on. You don’t have to forget them, but just accept that they're not that person
I think everybody should get rich and well-known and do everything they ever imagined so they could notice that it's not the answer.
Crawling out of my skin.
I won't hit a female, but ill whoop a bitch ass
in so much stress because of all these exams :(
I start reading AdAge this morning with my Mud coffee. In 10 min, Internet is down in the company. Universe thought reading was a good idea.
Lindsey Vonn apparently owes 1.7 million dollars in back taxes.... ouch!
so excited 4 u 2 be on the Simpsons! it's my favorite show!
Had so much at , can't wait for next year!.. Time to recover
no problem(:
mayo is the celeb and for the record I was stone-cold sober during my tweet-fest with Mayo!
don't know what I'd do with out y'all! Haha
have you had Pliny the elder?
It is striking to me how many professors in my department, for example, will nervously admit to having "taken too long" to finish.
Your amazing! You inspire me every day! I would absolutely mean the world to me, if you would please follow me! :)
dinner was yummy, my poor girl injured her back adn hip during cheerleading practice,,, nursing wounds... she iwll be fine but banged up
My mom got married yesterday <U+2665>
Two teens dead, another brain dead after a crash on hwy 52 @ Convoy. CHP says cars were racing on the way home from a beach bon fire.
Ha ha #TrueStory y'all both took that L “: Now I know exactly how it feel to be a Laker”
when is your new track coming out??? I'm so excited. I've been listening since 07!!
"Goals shouldn't change. Tactics should change." Carly Fiorina at
Your life has been the eternal April fools.
That's pretty good that you made it to May...
#SOBCOn thank you. Just thank you. :)
'Abdu'l-Bahá: “It will lead all other nations spiritually, for its illumination is far reaching.” #239DaysLive [2/2]
Yeah, I get that. I figure classmates of mine might want the exp. Today, you need to do free things to start in Journalism.
I said the same thing… were asses… haha
RT : "For anything worth having one must pay the price; and the price is always work, patience, love, self-sacrifice
Totally agree. I swim the parents relay at "halftime." Wohoo!
Making pizza<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>
hey new twittbudd!
Pillows are #amazing !!!! ;p
Water is better. Alcohol dehydrates you. Milk with make you nauseous.
Lol already got it! Thanks
That was awesome. God I've been there, weird:)
Just not my day I guess. It was so bad I could like box myself on shame...
Nice - we do not have accuracy docs, but each result does include an accuracy attribute so you'll be able to tell how close it is
Who still pays for music? I don't get it...
#IHateWhenMyWaiter is a human being, doesn't respond to tantrums, expects to get paid for doing his job without groveling
thanks Maria. Was a good show. See you Sat.
Joe Posada, The Show Band, David Villanueva, Second Nature, PM Soul, & Ernie Garibay- coming in May to Coco Lounge for Thursday Night Jazz!
Can't wait to listen to the JJ Abrams podcast
will there ever be a 13 broadway revival (if so can I be in it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>)
Wat should I do today? I'm bored
out of home advertising
are you playing d3?
ANCHOR ATLANTIC is at Girl's Night Out tonight from 7:30-11:30 pm. Strap on those dancing shoes ladies!
This 1 is for the fat bitches wit they cheeks open, that'll do anything for Chuckie Cheese tokens.
hey! how are you? i'm good thanks. i just want you to know I love you so much <U+2665>
You got a link to something yet or what?
lmao oh now you follow me >_<
Wild Gay RT : GAY RT : when niggas with dreads rock their hips >>>>>>>>>>
thanks Jim! First sprint tri is Saturday!!
Aya its finally #Friday & i wake up in pain !? Anyway GM twitter/Facebook
Thought I was done with an animation I was working on for a week and a half. The emails I am getting tell me otherwise...
IT'S TOKIN' TUESDAY
Who's going to hit up tomorrow's show with in Albuquerque, NM?
come chill with me bro! Haha
sound like something I would say
Any guesses as to what the saxophone player does on the tour when he's not playing his solo? Merch guy?
The sun is working its way out... Go Nautical Yards
Lights just went out at the station. I immediately wanted to put my head down on my desk and take a nap.
PS As of two days ago I fell in love with this "twitter" business. haha
cute! she knows how to pose for the camera.
Truth, I vow to be absolutely honest w/ myself & others. I'll no longer tolerate dishonesty in any of my concentric circles of life.
Guys love to txt one word answers. We only do it whn we r mad or busy
u seriously need to stop hating on the admit it they are a great team.to win 3 by more than 15 points each #c'mon
Can't decide what bar to go to tonight.
Work sucked... and on top of that my 2 best friends are o longer my friends... :/
You absolutely deserve the best Gail. From the #MNM family to you & the sir: Wishing you guys blessings & happiness!
Psalm 10:17-18 "You hear, O Lord, the desire of the afflicted; you encourage them, and you listen to their cry, defending the fatherless..."
I'm on the verge of becoming an enormous green rage monster.
Will u be mine<3
Done deal! RT Thanks again to 4 havin us @ foodcourt it was a blast as always! When u go mobile we gotta do somethin
do these trading cards of your's come with a stick of gum? :-)
are u hoping for a power outage so you'll be forced to do your reading ? :)
You ever gonna leak Rebellion?
“: just do the fake one <U+2714>” <<<You expect me to do fake meth too?
We can't control where abused children come from, but we can have something to do with where they end up!
who needs more subs on youtube? just mention me and ill do some for you!
nice work on SurvivorCraft, really fun to watch. Keep up the good work.
now, that UFC (Jon Jones) commercial was funny. United not so much.
Headed to Memphis. See you at the
Why are there still tourism maps in downtown Milwaukee that show the Park East freeway?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it, and let us know what you think!
Funny thing about butterflies?Half the time you wish you didnt have them and the other half is wishing you still had them when they are gone
im straight same ol shit.lol tryin to get my sexy on in the gym for summer.
we'll be tweeting live from tonight's Mayoral forum at #UMDBiopark. phone charged? yep - all systems go!
Councilor Brad Winter had this funny confused look on his face after Benton announced his amendment.
Yup...fun times! He is such a great guy!!
That's quite alright. We can make it work and finish the photo shoot today, 'cause we are crafty like that.
Turns out there's a lot of cursing in the gay bar. We might have to leave. But there's nowhere else to watch the game. Austin.
Awesome time and can't wait for next year. Please let us know when the decks/vids are accessible pretty please!
Follow Angrey we makin moves
Who saw the Stanford VS. Oklahoma State last night?
Good luck to , presenting in Pecha Kucha style for the Efromyson Award for Excellence in Cultural Tourism Development!
Playing 2 acoustic #Christmas shows tonight! 1st in Camas WA at 6pm, then heading downtown Portland at 8pm on 21st!
Friday night in #lasvegas #QueueBarLounge chill spot inside the Cosmo blackjack tables & video poker
We will more than likely be able to finish Ch 9 on time next week
not ideal, but C's can come back from 0-2
Thanks to John & Christopher for helping us validate advocacy work for #chamber members and more yesterday.
Pray for me
that's animal abuse :/ so cruel . :(
Blacking out for my birthday is an understatement.
so lucky :o
I just purchased my own DVD copy of the funniest movie of all time.
just getting ready to start #aDanceWithDragons!
Cynthia Zepeda '12 graces the cover of focusing on the future of hispanic graduates. Congrats, Cynthia!
Introducing the $5.00 Lunch Special
What this city needs is a Shadow Mayor. I wonder if purple rubber-wearing fake superhero guy can help design the costume.
If Michael Vick was on Scooby Doo "And I would have got that job if it wasn't for that meddling dog" hahahaha
Eli saying I'm elite!
Hey, its Wednesday. That's pretty sweet.
i hate it wen guys try to act cool...it just drives me crazy
you're leading someone on again?!
Frontline Technologies Inc. Announces Termination of Management Cease Trade Order
Add my book page to follow updates on Vanilla's Ladies my pride and joy Detroit based street novel!
If I weren't gainfully employed, I'd be all over it myself . . .
Place is nice enough. Been here 1.5 years. People are nice. No major problems Or none u wouldn't expect with being close to Uni.
This is what I get for falling asleep at 7 and waking up at 9 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> #CANTSLEEP gonna have to try....... AGAIN!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Near the river.
I think the dinosaurs in the tests are the least of their worries.
Spongebobs new name is Sponge Robert Quadratic Trousers .
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5
There are worse places to be with a baby than Cambridge public library on Dr. Seuss' birthday.
Which Players do you think the Timberwolves would be interested in Selecting in "The NBA Draft Lottery"?
went through earlier today!!!
Using and all in one day. What a fun adventure. cc
yep. No worries! Thanks for looking into it for me! Hoping to snag a Moosejaw tee soon!
we have a sexist *society*, not just dudes. I don't let it slow me down, I call it when I see it & I don't downplay being a woman!
Looks like is going to pull out the W in his first match. #2&1
that's because we only understand winning and UConn basketball.
“We don't realize that, somewhere within us all, there does exist a supreme self who is eternally at peace.” <U+2015> Elizabeth Gilbert,
it's doin just swell my friend..another day, another dollar..
Hey , my answer is trickle down economics
I might wear yoga pants to school today.. Would you be proud ???
Sometimes I wish I had a studio on the beach!
Congrats to for winning 2 awards at the Spectrum Awards tonight.
Why am i going to bed at 9 o'clock on a friday night?
I just wanna like...bake cookies with you.
Visiting my step daughter aw she so cute I love her!
cant wait for swiyched at birth season 2
Print off a FREE PASS from the main page and come hang out with Vegas' HOTTEST SHOW-BABES!
If you want to touch the heart of God, begin with touching the heart of a child
Whoever the funny guy is breaking down the big boxes at work...STOP
I wish! Haha I really do
You never know the day or the hour that the Lord will call you home. Live each day like it's your last. Set out to accomplish your purpose
Tonight at The QBar! Friday Night Fuego! DJ Quico will be spinning the hottest Salsa, Merengue, Cumbia, Bachata, Reggaeton & more! No Cover!
you should check out
Frustrating that appeals process involves no contact with the subscriber. MVP conference called us in for appeals.
RT : check out ceo interview on www.phoenixhiphop.net
Who will save us from the Tea Party.
Yeah. I am totally in love with her... BTW, who do you love?
Canadian Universities Have One Week To Stop A Disastrous Copyright Licensing Deal - Techdirt
Last day of break before the last semester of grad school. Or any school. Ever.
I remember hearing that as well. As you & I have discussed before, I totally accept that much of the blame is on him.
Multi-care pileup.
I can't be in a relationship where you make me more mad/sad than happy..
re: the Liberal moniker, it's all relative.
o okay u watch baseball ?
But I dnt want to look like a cocktail server! LOL I gotta Hurry & think this 1 out. Or maybe a leopard scarf an tie it in a bow idk. Ugh!
I'm firmly a member of the PC Master Race, but the XCOM thread on #gwj is getting out of hand. If it weren't for Tkyl's updates I'd be gone.
The dogs massacred a box containing toothpaste. Bite marks on an unopened tube of Crest suggest they wanted whiter teeth and fresher breath.
'researchers identified personality as an important requirement for believable synthetic agents'
I am watching it on my iPad. Dad is doing a James Bond marathon on one TV & mom is watching #OWN on the other.
Oh my gosh, I could've just freaking killed my brother.
Listening to Tony Toni Tone
Hey Sounders Fans! Want a pair of free tickets to the Seattle Sounders opening match on Thursday?
Haha, I'm not sure about that. I just know those 3 things are my agenda for the day.
america needs to tell king Obama to get out of libya
They call her love, love, love, love, love They call her love, love, love, love, love She is love and she is all I need
Happy Mother's Day! =)
I wanna stay up all night and jump around until we see the sun<U+2665> :)
no, where'd u send them? by mail or e-mail?
no problem. thanks for the add!
well thanks! Glad you liked it!! :)
Here I am, trying to read about 17th Century alchemy and cute shoes keep popping up in the periphery. Must. Resist. Zappos.
Jesus Christ #itaintrapeif? Seriously? #ItAintRapeIf both parties consent. Btw, thank you to all the men stepping up to say
Anyone looking for a room to rent at a house?
that's awesome!! Congrats to her! Is it the one who speaks Portuguese?
Yes u R a human. :) I was just on a #raw kick of experiencing it without
Ladies. Tip stop wearing that plastic Jair wigs. We have outgrown that with real human hair wigs.
We have a few gifts that Toys for Tots never picked up - would love to see them go to some kids in need. Call us if you can use - 274.4595.
oh...another Bravo show for me to get addicted to.
I've got lots of ideas, you just need to pick a venue ;-)
Watched Cool Hand Luke last night & am having a ball breaking down the poker. Thx for the suggestion! I'll send link when done.
Holy hell am I getting a kick out of The Bachelor tonight. Bunch of nut jobs.
Just hold me close and never let me go! Tell me you love me and mean it!! But lie to me and i wont care anymore
me too girlfriend dont feel bad .
I need a place that dyes clothing. Any suggestions?
you are the funniest person ! I liked how you poked Harry on snl ;)
Glen Campbell and Tony Bennett have just proven that sales do not dictate legacies. In your face, LMFAO.
I knew I should have gone to the popstar magazine party. Oh well.
go bulls
Introducing our newest service offering, Strategic Sales. Building on our successful internet marketing services, we continue to grow!
please follow me <3 i love you(; when are you comig to germany?? i hope this year :) please click my follow button ;)
Have the time of your life before all your time run out
Win #FREE tickets to this weekend's #FreshCoastClassic!!! Check out for more info.
A pitcher's record isn't the best indicator of his worth. : No , one game under 500 , Cubs treat him like Tom Seaver
Ooh, that's in my TBR pile! I need to pick it up soon.
Deanna & newcomer Gina, great to hear! RT 2 ladies @ the bar took good care of me. 1st time there...I'll be back!
As a result of the crisis in the economy, the sun was laid off and replaced with falling snow,now wish kerosene prices would fall.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing happened. -Winston Churchill
lol...near bennu. hope you're still alive when I get home at 5
Them-- "Your driver broke a bottle of Crown Royal, he said you would pay for it" Me-- "When?" Them-- "A few months ago" Me-- "Not a Chance"
I'm still too happy about beating Kansas/#8 that it's hard me to be nervous or get too worried about recruiting.
South Austin: our donuts be @ the Whip In on Fridays >:o)
New York whats up its takin u there right now on clubradionyc.fm
M... crab roll for dinner from Luke's Lobster. Happy Tuesday.
go live
Fuck you , Regex! Fuck you side ways with a 2x4. One that is all splintery and covered with the yellow sticky shit.
Edwin raking
I can't get this whole working in the early am thing down. I'm either super early or mega late.
Timeless quote: "Politicians are the same all over. They promise to build bridges even when there are no rivers." ~ Nikita Khrushchev
Carol of the Bells! But Really a lot more--it's hard to choose!
hey dude text me your addy
The cross is the only way to reach heaven you can't use a ladder
is it monday yet?! ONE WEEK
I'm in Delaware... Just a few more miles closer! lol
i am distracted by what the person next to me is looking at on the internet.
What a beautiful day in my neighborhood.....gotta love MR. ROGERS.
Clash. Should I Stay or Should I go! Awesome stuff!
Terrible, egocentric article about the season opener. Tons of young talent you didn't to mention... CESPEDES???
if its going to rain then might as well start now..
i had a lot of things to do, but Nothing got accomplished.
Etsy is down....again
offers up "Going Gaga" as a methodology for our world today, which our disciplinary practices haven't prepared us for
tara...?you mean tiara???
People who think 'Ain't No Mountain High Enough' is not a great song should be put on a terrorist watch list
barry+leon+tom+emily dinner/lunch in toronto?
Easily game-changing. We love it!
u r a AMAZIN man w/ a voice 2 die 4 and drop dead looks HAPPY EARLY 18BIRTHDAY i luv u ur funny talented and have an accent!!
We all have that one person on our feed who we just want to make shut the fuck up, and you know who you are
RT : Great seeing Hopefully we can get together with for some road games next
I'm hoping that 'creative signage' was from Holy Cacao referencing their CAKE balls?.....
Panda express with just saw big anthony davis and marquis teague
RT The official WE STAND music video by feat is coming out THIS FRIDAY!!
And we are now hiring as well. All detailed info on our website www.wawild.org
180 years ago today, Buffalo NY was formally incorporated as a city! Happy anniversary, Buffalo!!
My song is never gonna come on the radio!!
Gov Kasich says OH studies all allegations on #natgas development because it can be done right
RT : Q5: HAVE U ENTERED ANY HEALTHY CHALLENGES THIS YEAR? IF SO WHICH ONES & WHAT WAS YOUR EXPERIENCE LIKE? RT PLS
Chicago artist...check out #bigdonny$
we did hear! Lookin forward to it. The front paddy-o will def be open!
yeah. I mean that's not a problem at all but I've just never done something like a car show before so I'm kinda scared. Haha
So how bout the Heat??!
as a specific major- like I know I wanna major in Biology but I don't know where I wanna go with that yet.
i dont think it will have much impact at all -- since the overall pool of resources in comm doesnt seem to be growing
Google Gmail for the iPhone may have had just an hour or two in the sunlight before Google pulled it , but that was more than enough time
We have MightyFuzz Young and crook green, big hodge, the corp cartel and cortez in the building
Follow 4 Follow...38 yrs. At its finest right here, and every year it gets BETTAH! 2012 SIGN OF TH AQUARIUS
Metta dumb ass
hate everyone today. #deargod since I actually DON'T have to work, I will be a hermit all night.
Today's Soups: Cream of Asparagus & Chicken Noodle
it was a joke..
#SF > LA T-shirts. January promo $5 off your order. Use coupon code WeBeJan at checkout
#30Rock looked weird last night - like Tina Fey either got plastic surgery, fat, or old. Maybe it was a different type of camera, I dunno.
We do apologize for the amount of video uploads today! Our admin had forgotten that we had linked out YouTube and Twitter accounts. :P
": Josh Reddick is a worse outfielder than I am .... And im atrocious in the outfield" and infield
Hey everyone follow my band
We seriously love our design team. #Smithsonian talks = sexy. So talented: & head desigNERD
Im starting to wonder if I even want a person that's going to be "nice" to me all the time in a relationship.It's actually kind of annoying.
@ bangingsexypro nigga font size? And I don't care:)
#stoptheviolence why do we kill people who kill people to prove that killing people is bad? ricockulous. just spark one up and chill out.
Totally late in replying, but thanks!
Fuck friends , friends turn into busters.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Wahhhh. D Rose.
I'm thinking of starting a little squabble with my sister. Does have its chair handy?
Brown, 2 minutes for being punched in the face while lying on the ground
No idea...actually I'd do something for Employer Branding first.
I don't think my shoes are bright enough
The #GodUniverse is something very simple. There is no such thing as size. Mass gets larger as you probe to smaller sizes. E=MC2.
im so blessed thank u god your my world i will never lose faith... i have faith in god..
RT : Congrats to Travis Grant for taking top honors and $5k in Men's SUP Survivor Race! Tune in tomorrow for more action
Pics taken for faculty ID badges today; I'm wearing the same shirt as 2 years when I had my last ID pic taken. I may need some new shirts.
yo plz follow me! im right her boy!!
aye shuddup bra
So its mutual! Unrequited love is only cool in books and songs.
I was there! But is blocking :( you guys did amazing though!!!! :D
Whazzup with the crotch on Usher's pants???
Merry Christmas #Steelers haters! Pussy motherfuckers!
someone to help u out breh
Beliebers, go follow , they follow back if you ask <U+2665>
Q1 many public and university libs have open front facing ils systems that you can explore before diving into the backend.
I wonder if I take you home, will we still be in love, baby? Because I need ya tonight.
WRONG im talking about jonathan the jr
acoustic brunch at #SXSW it is slammed
If you have questions about what was said/shared, ask the source. They're more likely to give you a clear understanding of what they meant!
I think you should go for it!! Y'all would have decent babies... *awkward silence* hahaha
The fact that Jimmy John's delivers me a single sandwich any day is great, but on a rainy day during finals it is AMAZING.
Hello all who missed me :)
....just got finished talking to myself.
Jack, yet another feature of the Air!
Thanks for the good vibes and lovely comments. Have a great day everyone!
Cut my bangs by myself and got my spray tan :) J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
Okay. I've been at the Cotswald Starbucks for an hour and the line has never gotten shorter than 6 people!
What are the 4 'R's of Leadership? Listen to today's podcast and learn all about them! Great stuff from Bob Goshen!
If you only KNEW
aww you're the sweetest! <3
we NEED to all go together SOON!! I'm only going because Jayce is taking me
Just Dance at Bottoms Up! Go GaGa!
hope u r ok
I think we found the hang for the log cabin crew here in Laguna Beach
Remeber to follow everyone back :)
A new company will attempt to mine asteroids for resources such as precious metals and water
RT : *looks at you concerned* Is something else the matter?
Please let Payton go to Denver
Thanks for the retweet I really like your blog. We would love to see you at the event!
Things may come to those who wait, but only things left by those who hustle. ~Abraham Lincoln~
I did not realize how many cancer patients want to know about clinical trials and FDA regulations for informed choices in health care
she's just another fuck.
it's funny though
TGI can help you maximize the use of ink and pixels w/ #mktg portals, and #tradeshow tools that improve program outcomes and nurture leads.
your gmail, should i forward elsewhere?
how are things in LA?
o are you baking moring cookies?
yeah. I'm playing the guitar and singing!
I enjoy organizational things... Heh.
I AM
RT : I'm not gonna say it was easy, but we earned it. First playoff game as a college player, let's take a win baby!
Where you from ?
Nice first day of work in Atlanta, even tho did nothing more than get settling down and smiling at unfamiliar faces
I had an excuse when I was working one time that even I had a hard time calling in with, but it was the truth. I was all ready to leav...
Watching on The Finder
he says hello hope all is well.
KUOW news 8:35: Seattle Mayor insists SPD plan has nothing to do w/DOJ investigation. AND says: 'We're not complying? Sue us.'
Time and Gems Announces Last Day of Wholesale Event - PR Web (press release)
I can still hear my trainer yelling at me in the ring to keep my fists up as a kid. I still haven't put them down...
going to band practice!! You?
Eat shit Josh Beckett I knew I shouldn't have started you tonight
Hey my dear, talented, creative queen!!!!
Who got call of duty how's the game play??? Reactions???
hi happy birthday :)
We would like to send you a copy of our new film Father's Day which is playing in select theaters
wish I were there with you two!
Congrats to you all...good luck in the final.
Dear ABC gods, please bring back GCB.
i always feel like amy march when i paint with watercolors.
OMG, I can't sleep-Tomorrow I wake up, a Fantasy Freak! Got beer on ice & my teams on call-Try & think of a way to send my wife to the mall!
Our lifes. RT : I hate hospitals, yet I want to work in one.
I just dropped my phone in a pile of Ketchup, god damn tatertots
Thanks to for choosing as an ethical business for Shop Your Values week! FREE BEGINNERS class May 6 at 11am.
Parents are getting me a much needed piece of furniture for my room. I can't wait for my new shark tank! Muckwas love sharks...
Everytime seduction by eminem comes on i get super geeked
And the river got frozen, and the home got snowed in, and a yellow moon glowed bright till the morning light
Laugh & the world laughs with you, weep & you weep alone.
good times with and todd. got to love random austin #sxsw nights. don't get shanked and lose a kidney. :)
Sometimes you have to forget what you want and remember what you deserve.
an 8th grader...
Glad to have you on my brother. Goin up!!
To whoever puts their FAITH in God, and gives it all they got... they will be blessed.
we can...just hit my line
Good luck tonight at the event!! Want to meet @ Urbana for some prosecco afterwards?
o am in front of stadium soccer that is... On a white Mazda hatch back
Happy Belated Birthday! I love your jewelry!
sign up put name on wait list www.likejuice.124online.com
There is a way to build a #Facebook app, providing value to customers and providing data for #scrm, #emailmarketing, and
I want to tell the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles that it’s really not necessary to wear those masks to “hide” their identity
Louis with the moustache at the end... Too much amazingness
Great convo with today(:
most definitely ;)
All About Us- He Is We ft. Owl City all day today.<3
School, I don't want to go but I gots to go
I hate when you want to know something but you don't want to ask.
Bob Pence, Freese & Nichols, is performance excellence guru! Thanks for sharing your best practice--one page strategic plan!
insane teachers, and gross school lunches, Ned Bigby that's me and my two best friends try to do the impossible
Happy to see join the Twitter community!
ny state senator Diaz, you have 2 minutes.
how close is that to being accurate sizes in the book?
Let go
I just baked a cake from scratch. I have no follow up statement to that fact.
thanks I know everybody is saying it but killer app. Can't wait till your next idea.
Ok at Roberts now. Sitting like VIP's at the Sho Bud balcony bar upstairs
See you on April 24th?
Nothing like booking biz poolside! "wi' my mind on my money, an' my money on my mind!" while gettin' a tan...
Onshoring/Offshoring with Jack Barry has ended! You can still submit questions to
Renfields and DangerKat play Fright Farm tonight!!!! Three cheers for Transylvania! -V
GREAT! we'll see you soon!
Thanks for backing our project! I owe you a beer.
we are thinking at least MWF...
Well, that's what we hear ;)
I never realized how easily I bruise until I played Angry Birds with the sound on around other people.
Heck Yea!!!
Ready for the weekend.....WOOOhooo!
Cringe 1, pouch massage #girls that was quick
Hey Wendy, Thanks for the RT! Hope all is well!
Ha! you won the grocery sweepstakes? Lucky guy!
QoTD: "One who smiles rather than rages is always the stronger." (Japanese Proverb)
i love the starbucks right next to my school!
It's so funny when little kids make up random games
WE LOVE YOUR MUSIC!
Yay! Had 2 work that night. But that day I went to an awesome swap meet and found some treasures! (can't send u DM btw) ;-)
Anyone else having issues trying to stream on this beautiful Mardi Gras? Contant rebuffering :(
Love but why send an email about getting my taxes done with when you've already accurately categorized my refunds days ago?
Merci pour la mention!
He is going to the Playboy Mansion but he'll be back for the rest of MDW. Yeee! Can't wait to be reunited w/ you.
Who wants a shoutout? :)
Safety Valve: Letters from our readers
Nice one!
Madonna was.amazing I loved this half time show
thanks so much! I appreciate that and would love to see you ! Hope to see you at another tweet-up soon! xx
damn peas E....that only lasted like 48 hours. Smh
i am addicted to wasabi peas. SO GOOD.
wait so theyre not working on a song together?
I just earned the Conehead badge on #Yelp!
awww u kids are too sweet :)
We're looking forward to it! RT : Playing Smokin' Hot Aces tomorrow @ 6p!
maybe so...but they play with heart. Unlike another pro football team here in Nash
I don't get paid enough for this shit.
ATTD news out solid support .0045
We want to congratulate Joseph Rupert on his recent #AFTRA membership!!!
To all those attending , be sure to bring back some knowledge! Say hello to Charisse for me.
awhl yall so wrong.. Yall need to separate posters because its 2 separate graduations lol
But plausible, no? What else could he mean?
Not today sorry guys. Meet and greets coming soon. I think I can hear you screaming already
Am I the last to know that is going from 20 free articles a month to 10? Oh well
Purim Pandemonium is rocking - if you're not here yet, hurry up and get your party on!
It was never like this before
Yea, Brian - you rock! ": #eij11 Brian H. Eckert of Reg 2 won the Regional Director of the Year!!! Congrats to my colleague."
Hello , , , , Thanks for the RTs! Hope you're Thriving today!
Where you at
Surprisingly hard to find open wifi in downtown Detroit. Rowland Cafe isn't working this afternoon!
Bout to tear up some #texmex!
RFT! ": Not down for this drive home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>"
And am I trippin or was polow da Don in Jim crow??
Maybe a little bit of both :D
If you look at my Twitter Photo, I'm the one in the middle.
The irony is AT&T is pissing off the very people most likely to have the biggest presence on web.
smh.... game is not that important
Councilman Bill Henry Introduces his outside advertising tax bill.
Flipboard Adds Audio to Its Social Magazine
The family in India was happy b/c they have each other, it wasn't about material things. Family is more important.
If you have Dish Network you can catch replays of the game on channel 158 CBSSN...next replay tonight at 12:30 am EST
Jeff Saturday....awesome....Scott wells who?
Back home, Spirit week is going to be amazing, in my opinion. I like dressing like a fool<3 Oh homecoming this Friday!
Well its in a book but if i find some things i can upload i will def share with you
cinco de mayo = a year since I met you for the first time in NYC and cried my eyes out.
Great quote and let's hope it pans out before Aug 2nd!
my mommy
I like boobs, but then you add tattoos to them.
yes maam! How bout a please?
the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Thanks for the love!
I slam dunk in that pussy n Blake Griffin on your hoe!")
Good article :-)
Friday's #EarthDay advice: Incorporate one new thing into your daily routine that benefits nature and the environment.
Lol. You're the man, A-rizzle!
They sang Tounge Tied on Glee. Grouplove is going to be the new fun.
Thanks for the #MotivationalTweet. It sucked but feels good to be a finisher!
Or they're behind you as they're looking at your phone/camera being kinda creepy.
Getting ready for the big game with som #BBQ Chicken Wings
The first day of spring break . And as usual i cant go outside because my little brother and sister are the worlds biggest snitches !
Hey guys x x
Did I just see a billboard for Scream 4?
my brain might explode due to the amount of tunes I am cramming into it right now...
O she fuck up one time ight 2 times something up wtf man heated
Shwarty you a bitch
It's like 3 o'clock in the morning and I'm still awake. Smh.
wishing you a virus-free internet experience
Sweet mother of pearl, who is stopping her?
what's wrong
Congratulations to all the ASU graduates for this semester!
Hello, hope you guys are doing well
hey watch those cheese people comments!
thanks for tweeting about the show
because she doesn't have arms!!!lol wait another one knock knock!
Kill it! I need a new hat!!!
captain hook
you better! Haha
The screening tonight is SOLD OUT! However, you can still see our film + 10 more in Henderson's Lounge for $5! Lowenstein Complex/Colfax
There's a special place in hell for ppl who wait until the last min to merge in construction zones.
RT : Had a great conversation with Very excited about the future!
M83 is way too good for you, Red Bull commercial.
bro you all ready know and I ain't finna pay to get in
Am now starting to recognize people on Metro. I AM COMMUTER MAN.
Now she said I promised here to finish school and she didn't even know I was doing it until two days ago. Moron.
In one week i done made it to a whole other tax bracket!!
"Red Hot Chili Peppers did a parody of this song." lol
Off to school. An awkward day with my crush. Ahh omg. I am so nervous.
at CUREnet meeting in gorgeous small auditorium at HHMI.
Had a great photo shoot with Brian Nemiroff with Photographic Utopia.
haha thats fine! were just trying to get people to check out our music:)
If I had any weakness, it would be short blonde tan girls in Trader Joes. She's probably like 18 too. And her mom? F
missed u too.. hows the music :-)
It's really OK, I've tried to lock up my bike using my Ford key.
DANG GOD IS SO GOOD
Thank you Lord for your many blessings
Were the pictures blocked after authenticating?
"Invisibility Cloak" almost a reality..totally my thing
I crack myself up lmao
Don't forget voters, you have to forget to vote next month (Schools) & in June (congressional) & in Sept...
thank you every one who is using repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com! Support the streets & YOUR fashion. And save 20%!
Awesome! You're a lucky lady!
Two on, Harold Reynolds POPS it up! Castillo is there, and he's GOT IT to end this game. Brewers win!
I wonder if is coming for my birthday and go to pride:o???
Should I...I dunno, pray to Vishnu or chant or something?
LA'ers go see ! He totally kicks ass!
Okay. If you say so.
Please could everyone ignore any tweets this morning or messages from my account my emails and twitter have been hacked. Be back soon!
Over subsequent days, a scab forms on the site of the treatment, which then falls off in about two to three weeks. .keloidsurvey.com
Congratulations to UMBC President Hrabowski -- 1 of Maryland's most influential people, too!
Dat breakfast just banged
At least this #Oscars sequence makes more sense than Tree of Life...
Time for another graduation...no air conditioner in this gym.
Thanks for following! -- from the author of CLAUDE & CAMILLE: A NOVEL OF MONET and MARRYING MOZART
Feeling so dissppointed...and frustrated. Crawling out of my skin to be moving like myself
love that one too!
so long as you don't grope him during the M&G and get tossed out, it's all good
Thanks for the stories! I've always wanted to b on a TV set 2see how things work. So I appreciate the behind the scenes look
Congratulations on the funding. You guys are doing amazing, world-changing work. Can't wait to see what happens in future!
If boys had uteruses, they'd be called duderuses
Red wine chip? Yes!
you rock!
May your birthday be filled with smiles, sunshine, love, and laughter.
Demo Lovato documentary on MTV. I love her! Her music helps me through everything. She's my role model. <3
Must stop travel planning. Wish more 12# tix offered by RNT.
I want to watch the twitcam. Stupid school.
You joined Twitter on my Birthday! Oct 5th!
I'm glad because some in 3D just aren't worth the extra charge.
Fuck my life.Theres no point of it.
I love the portable wi-fi feature on my phone...but hate that it wont let me watch videos on the bus. Boo.
Yolo: You obviously live online.
I don't really know how virtual starbucks taste like but we can try :D
A<U+2660> RT : rihanna and alexis texas at the same. damm time
You know who's super hot in person? Dana Delany. Holy smokes!
I just realize both of y'all have the same pic, lol.
I miss your voice, smile, kiss, love, hug, touch, walk, smell, body, scent, etc mane i just miss everything about you <3
hahah i'll just respond to her in whispers. maybe she'll get it? probably not.
okay I'm all set for Saturdayy :))
Photography is about creativity.
What's up y'all?
catching bits and pieces of this convo but I'm intrigued by Cliveden already
oh that's nice lol I'd like that
Love like no other. Love forever.
I sure would love it, the car would actually be faster than the older model. lol
Not gifted at performing w students
OH: "When I uttered 'steaming tampon in a clamshell' this morning, I never thought that was actually going to be our solution."
What? I'm totally confused... Do tell.
pssst... Your tattoo is backwards....
Congrats on the award. Well deserved!
Thank you MT": Feinstein...talked to Steinberg...about ADA lawsuit(s). Wants 90 day "right to cure" 4 businesses"
haha ya there really good!!(:
Great conference! If have not been before -go next year!
What's wrong with the weather today? It's beautiful! Love getting off of work and being 2 minutes away from the beach
got an a in my oral exam today. woot woot
RT : I'd bet that some companies & biz leaders have twitter accts because someone told them they had to.
This morning with his French toast, got introduced to syrup. Might have to step up his bathtime by about 10 hours :)
Join us for Mat Pilates tomorrow morning @ 9am. July Special: $49 monthly group class membership. Try yoga, mat pilates or cardio classes.
but that's all part of the xmas magic lol
Don't give personal information to strangers?
Thanks - excited to be presenting & looking forward to the event!
nah I got so much to do or I would.
"come and knock on our door... beer is waiting for you..." RT : Fresh fruit, herbs, stacks of beer - waiting for you....
I'm in lot of pain. I can't sit or lay flat on my back; I stand most of the day which is okay. I see my dr on Wednesday
listen to our show on Wed. at 11AM! we want student opinions, real talk. Blunt Talk
My man MCA's got a beard like a billy goat ... RIP Adam Yauch
only in San Antonio!
iF You Say So But We Not Going To The Movies Saturday?
Ok this just got so cliche'd in a good way
Gandhi also said, “I object to violence because when it appears to do good, the good is only temporary
lol yes i sure am!!!
hahaha exactly! While others have millions of posters and other things, we have pens!!(:
thanks! I get to go to DC for G6 today, but plan to see the standings crew again in R2.
NILLLEEEE“: I do miss the nile.”
Watching Ricky Martin on #Glee reminded me of when I saw him on Mexican TV in #Menudo as little boy. Time has flown!
thank you! what a great year so far!
Yeah, he's an immature kid who thinks the world of himself. I guess I really don't care about that if he's helping my team win.
Today was definitly not as much fun as i thought it would be.....
How did the league survive before you guys?
the Twinkie 2?
Yeah made it back to Atlanta Sunday evening.
This weekend in Napa! Yes!
Does anyone know where Sophie went?
I'm so surprised about Whitney Houston.
DM us your email address and we'll send you the invite via Pinterest :)
I would fly you to the moon and back if you'll be . . . if you'll be my baby. ~ From a song by Savage Garden ~
Pick me pick me!! :)) RT : Shoutout anyone? :)
I never know if its a commercial or an SNL sketch....
“If you could do tomorrow over again, would you?”
"My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever." Psalm 73:26
We are ending the year with the student/teacher talent show.
You're sick when the tops of your ears are cold & your toes are hot.
I need the hugs. Thanks.
i support jelena all the way
We'll give away a pair of Civil War football tickets to a follower... we'll tweet how shortly. Thanks for supporting area children.
Of all the hairs in my happy trail, there is a single black one. This could be the start of a cure.
lol. Yeah be excited. Troll a little more on brewers hashtags. Fag.
PLEASE NOTICE THIS i voted over 300 times for can i PLEASE GET A FOLLOW BACK
Breathing a sigh of relief now that Challenge 3 stage 1 is over. That was a sprint!
Gotta start looking for a bike but don't know what kind to look for??!
Thx 4 joining me--you rock! Happy follow Friday!
Karaoke is at 10! We also have happy hour from 10- close which features $2 off 's imperial pints, house wines and rail cocktails!
Thanks for the mention.
The people who cut the lunch line every single day<<<< boutta get socked in the gut
#FavoriteLyric "What doesn't kill you makes you stronger "
Too damn early.
Who is excited for the new album to come out in October? -Sara
We also know that to be educated, the goal must be human liberation,enabling each of us to fulfill our capacity. H. Rodham Wellesley '69
Listening to the crow soundtrack- #tommorello ripping jazz noise solo on darkness
Read a great book by Aravind Adiga: White Tiger. Set in Modern India, reminds me of Native Son and the Invisible Man.
Everyone be sure to wish a very happy birthday today
Bonnie Raitt Is one of my all time favorites.
Great call!#TASTEMAKERSKS Im here to help all of you in any way I can! Thanks for letting me be apart of this!
happy birthday to my friend anthony and DR SEUSS. i might note read his books now, but i did when i was a kid and I liked kindergarden.
My novela is on ;)
Cards and Cats meeting in the Final Four is the biggest thing to happen since the Mega Powers exploded at WrestleMania V
Exhausted :/ ugh. It's going to be a long day at work.
nope still has it. :-)
me: "thats a big house" nick: "i think thats a church"
follow me cameron. i miss you> #woof hhaha
eat a banana its good for you
Welcome, new followers! Happy reading!
Today, A new sun rises for me, everything is animated everything seems to speak to me of my passion, everything invites me to cherish it.
Oh HELL NO
The Twitpocalypse is coming! Be ready!
you bet!
ok then... SO YOU ARE !
I was cool with it. Just happy I didn't get 's beer spilled on me.
Thanks for the Mention!!!
Don't text and drive RT : Nothing we could do there... Never saw the wreck till we were windshield deep.
If you have sex at our school then you probably have AIDS.
I'm the same way. But I'm learning some people just don't response well to hurt. Whether intentional or not.
I just consumed 1100 calories in 4.5 minutes.
yes! good idear.
m m m
Need an apartment that is fully furnished in #SouthBeach? Contact us and we will accomodate for all your needs, its what we're here for!
Dirty thoughts -> RT : He probably has to get custom made undies
Happy Graduation !! Enjoy every moment bc it goes by quick! You did it! CONGRATS!
I have been waiting 4.5 years to see live. The time has finally arrived. Can't wait to see him perform at tomorrow!
it was great to finally meet tonight.. very cool event
Thank goodness for !
keep it clean. F word not useful.
omg i miss these days we used to have so much fun! I think im gonna cry!
Is it too late to begin classroom mgmt. (behaviorally) 100 days in with 85 to go? And if not, suggestions as to how?
naaahhhhh... No one should've die!! This shit is too sad.
it starts to get so crazy later on season 1 is nothing compared to 4
fall finally arrived in #Denver today, but looks like it's only stop over. back to 80's tomorrow.
Much obliged.
Sago palms ("palmlets") for sale at Tudor Place, today! Get there by 4 for this and FREE ENTRY to our gardens.
The Weekly Defense Industry Roundup is out!
In the past, when you were angry with someone you fought them. Now you just delete them off Facebook. That'll teach 'em to fuck with you.
Heading over to the soapbox derby on Mt. Tabor.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! God bless you bro!
Shirley Temple.
Westview is 1square mile and I swear to god they have about 200cops.
Fruit roll ups are awesome.
Wow! What was the seminar that Zemsky taught that led to you being in digital humanities?
Happy Father's Day!!
why do you think we're not making ourselves understood?
it's just extra fiber, right?
Two search phrases that lead to our site: "robot with swag" and "robot and donuts"... YES!!!!
Give peace a chance everyone.
Hey, fans. Try our other channels for news: , , & is going corporate.
Absolutely! I'll send you a message in a moment.
Watch 2morrow my throat will be burning!!!
Fernando-mania forever!
I am appreciating this movie!
Delicious! RT : Just had an AMAZING lobster roll for lunch from and paid with and got $2 off! woo-hoo
My Mamaw just went to the hospital. Please keep her in your prayers!
Museum fans! Would you like museums to talk to you during your onsite museum visit? Does it feel like "stalking"?
Why did I just now learn that Roseanne Barr is running for President on the Green Party ticket?
All I need is one mic
nigga i don't smoke
#teamfollowback good morning
Hi folks...thanks for returning the follow!
Great mentions of the effectiveness of Wildfire here, might be worth sharing with your readers!
well if that's what CTC says, guess I can't argue with it, huh?
WHY? WHY, when I tell you I DO NOT CARE...you insist that you also do not care but continue to bore me with gossip for the next half hour!?!
I love my group! Ok, that's all. Bye :)
Watching crank and crank high voltage at work
Thanks for the share, Justice!
Staying in tonight. So stop texting us! =)
haha that would have been amazing!
Just arrived in gulfport for the #stic 2012 conference
The official hashtag is
It sucks to not be able to see the people you want too....:(
#iwca encourages wcenters to increase reach beyond current mission (harbor) to new projects (the sea)
Think I need to turn off the Cats game more often....
Spending a sleepless night working on marketing and advertising? Sounds like a deal to me. :)
That's a beautiful thing!
First 11:11 and now #SaySomethin I am so proud. You're truly amazing :)
I'm so excited! I've got a photo shoot coming up w (: ate a healthy breakfast & went to the gym this morning
I just say, nothing if a bitch go crazy on me Lol
sory busy morning n
And... any advice for a student who wants to become established? I'm not sure any of my class projects are poster-worthy, yet.
Seriously. What a weekend. 24 hours of sheer madness
is love to hang with her too
You're always so very good! June is going to be an especially happy wedding season this year!
HA! You had 8!!
honestly I'm a little sad it's over, I was excited to see AT&T get into a street fight with the internet.
Can't wait! #GOLONGBEACH :)
www.soundcloud.com/evandstel Check it out , white hip hop duo from Pittsburgh, "Ev & Stel", support good music!
We are pleased to announce that By Love and Art Scarred has been accepted into the International Film Festival Ireland Check out our website
It is integral to gain and maintain respect.. Furthermore a mutual respect
I feel so thankful my friends accept me for who i am....
what really... Nice
2 answer the DM's, it's a fantasy/humor book. Like "Pirates of the Caribbean," as told by Douglas Adams, & most of the characters are women.
You love it #shhh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
love that fedora ;)!
Can't sleep, time to go run
oh my gosh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> I jinxed it, didn't I? :O
we will just have to have your bounce in the right direction soon LOL
under standard conditions of cluster and coffee
I hate when that happens lol
Releasing a teaser next week. Thanks for the follow.
He tweets about everything
1/2 off Drinks and Slushes all day tomorrow!!!!!!!!!
I spoke to and he really appreciates you guys coming to visit him.
This girl maybe the one lol for this Dick
Why am I so tired tonight? It's not like I did anything at work...
Give more time for people who believe Casey is innocent and Not Guilty. You and Nancy Grace are very Bias that's not fair!
yeah..that's why they are very reluctant to go all police state these days
Welcome to our firm please visit us at www.brennalaw.com
where'd you go ?
Wow! It hit the pole! Amazing moment!!!
i know man. designed them myself
About to cancel the cable until the playoffs come on..
I am still learning. ~Michelangelo
Intrigued by the bootleg video on YouTube showing the biographical mini-series, "Portrait of a Marriage" about Vita Sackville-West, et al...
Today is a gold day
Uncool and unsafe to tweet false info about the fire when it's life & death up there. I was trying to make a point w/some humor.
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”~ Dr. Seuss
Thanks to , , for the great PLP kickoff. I'm excited to be a learner!
Yay your awesome!:D
West of Memphis: Fascinating look at the impact of celebrity and massive loads of $ to challenge injustice. Also, a great story.
the Arthur theme song makes some good points
has a major crush on
"Make a decision to be happy, and stick with it."
I'm not fat. I'm just so sexy that it overflows.
I need to make things happen. Instead of saying I can't wait, it should be shown
or walking so damn slow
RT : Ansari talking abt gamification of Project Noah via "patches" - look like embroidered scouting patches.
Huge thanks to everybody who came to see us at Ground Zero on Friday, or at Pop Fest this afternoon. It has been such a fun weekend.
"what's with Google+ API?!" got applause from room.
everyone was too busy studying... right? :)
No man is happy who does not think himself so. Publilius Syrus
the super lazy part of me loves the fact that i'll have one less letter to type in my new last name.
So glad I have the type of relationship with my mom where I can call her and we both just cry about what makes us unhappy
No he did not "shoot that from the parking lot"
Good Morning! What do you have planned for this Easter weekend?
Well if thats the purpose of going on the date is to fuck then no. But it shows where the female is at tho.!
You know it!
follow us..have a good day
ha probably. But the best product placement is subtle. In your face product placement during a primetime show is just annoying
Olive Garden for dinner
The Gay community is being used to divert attention from the economy but, why act shocked. This is why I'm a political atheist.
assumption 1: learners need guided learning experiences Boettcher
Also tonight from 7-9 $10 all you can drink wells and domestic drafts.. And Live music starting at 9pm!!
- Yeah, sent to Mat. I'd rather do Coachella or ACL (even Bonnaroo!) than Lolla this year. Anti RHCP sentiment, I guess. :)
#shawfacts Just cause picked a lame winner we can turn into a legend. Time to start a Fan Club. Csn not invited!
Undefeated for the day! #kryptonite <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><U+2764>
Thank You! I'm headed to Miwaukee!
Grind, Killa, we love ya.
Soo "Akward." Is just another show that proves MTV is NOT Music Television v.v
I'm pretty pumped that Calvin Johnson is on madden and not
There is an awful lot of "Christian" judging abound today! I'm sure the Lird approves.
everything sucks including my health or everything sucks because of my health? language, proof AND LOGIC!
thanks for the great advice!
the stories break my heart but your reporting is full of errors and is blatantly bad journalism.
hey Jack, great you made it!! Nice to find you here!! Best wishes from Berlin!! See you in SF :-)
Sing Glory For Jesus :).
Sure hold your money in your mouth and then give it to me...
Guuuurl! i miss you! where the hell did you go??
...that would not get in the way of a gr8 night w/some great people. Sorry I missed u before u turned in. Now...time to pack.
30 is the new 18. I like it I like it.
haha i am not mean, idk how to be anymore. Poor girl just needs a wakeup call
is this laundromat music trivia?
sorry for the double posts, i'm getting a post delivery system worked out.
Congratulations to the Grand Prize winner of Season 1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Jonathan Traylor!
congrats on the little guy! I'm so happy for you too!
hm what to wear, what to wear...
Chelsea fans at FA cup match #classless with "murderers" chant during moment of silence for hillsboro. I will never respect the blues.
Going for a bike ride at five. :)
Ok, hit a snag >:( Cannot update Snow Leopard beyond 10.6.4 w/o Phenom CPU having seizure. Hoping #OpenSim + Mono don't care.
Just pondering what an amazing day this is for America. Good Luck Obama.
i'm about to get on a 13 1/2 hour flight and there are so many babies here... oh boy. at least they're adorable korean babies.
my tiara is on... look out!
I'm over the lies
you're silly :p
"Every step we make by our own courage is worth a vast number of steps made by someone else." -Manly P Hall
Can't we are leaving in like 5-10 minutes. I hope...
is a beast! The 1st round receiver who will make a huge impact that nobody is talking about
putting together the design for a new tattoo I'll be getting soon
War wounds are markings of a true athlete
yes I can't do it no more cause I haven't baught her nothin in a min
will do :)
I like you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086> I like you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0087> but I really want her <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>
RT : #pricelessny Yum Thank you for free lunch!! King & Houston downtown. Now! You rock!! Taim mobile - I LOVE Taim!!!
"Every woman needs her own checking account, swiss army knife, and a sense of self - With these things, she can do anything on her own."
hey what,ups heard was single
Hard work is fun when improvement is evident.
#TV weather people: Is “futurecast” even a word? And what’s wrong with “forecast”?
Follow to see a sneak preview of winter sports schedule posters!
I usually just let you tell your story anyway lol
Judge yourself before judging others.
IF I TREATED YOU LIKE YOU TREAT ME, YOU WOULD HATE ME
a "research" process needs to happen now, really #comcast? i know you can look at the my modem info & tell its not your usual POS modem..
ah the accent is real?!
dm me your stuff
so fun to follow
Damn it wanna start raining before i head to class
Buffy the Vampire Slayer was my jam back in
Trying to get my homeboyz to perform this season ppl. Follow them n check out their music! They ROCK n RAP!!
CSI at NIKE Indo BEJ, let's make a whole bunch of money today!!
The Grey was pretty horrific - Liam Neeson can't buy a decent role these days
We just lost a follower, dropping 499. We give up our brief but terrifying reign over the Interent.
Class till noon. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
- Thanks for the follow at !
Woke up 30 minutes late, look better than I intended.
Merry Christmas!!!!!
haha we were always friends I heard your back around town ...
Leaving DC and till 2013. And i managed to score a plane seat by the window with an empty row.
So if you're Pac-12 regular season champ no guarantee you get in tourney. That'll be great for recruiting.
i miss my bestie.... :( i think he should talk to me pronto!
Go girl!
I tore out carpet tack tracks, sanded, scraped glue, huffed mold and tomorrow's the big day to paint my #woodfloor. Photos to follow.
It's okay I forgive you lol.
How many of you have pets?
Function of media lab in integrated LC model-- "genius bar?"
Did Lil Mama just say she can see 8Flavahz winning the show? OH HELL NO. YOU WANNA GO?!
Working on CourseSites for PD application.
To every MOM.. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!! You are appreciated:)
had to pull a bitch card real quick
Yeah. When Mike Sherman did it in Green Bay
I really do like people as long as they're nice. To look at.
I do not have to sell you stuff guy. I just hope for you for it boiee
call me NOW!!!
I no longer like Americas Got Talent.
I think if I was Luke skywalker, I would have.chosen the Dark Side. You would have so much power. People. All you Emperor. Hell yeah.
Thrilled is emcee for Saturday's Hospital Food Fight. Follow if you can't join us for this Stillwaters event.
doesnt have a match for extreme rules yet
- I wll remedy that right now... :-)
Report: cked in to rehab, hope its not true, they'll remove the lefty liberalism from his brain.
A final dinner before I leave Gotham with Jeffy, VIMP, Meatball, and Rebecca!
thank you for the rt! I appreciate it! Xo J
"Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control."
G'Night <3!
she is ugly.
Idk why I'm surprised west hall is quiet
true! RT : A teacher asked a ? re gerunds; we decided if she could get through life w/out knowing, Ss didn't need 2 know.
Before embarking on a journey of revenge, first dig two graves
BassPro rules! Not very sure about Tractor Supply
oh, word?!
#Actors - Daniel Aufiero casting LUCY 7 Cute White Female and VAL 35 Alluring Confident White Female for "The Culling." More in the app!"
We have to work fast when Mother Nature gives us decent weather to work in!
More like someone's mom posting a B-average report card after 3 straight years of Fs.
In so much pain:(
Add me everyone on BlackBerry Messenger: 2115FC39
She ain't bout that life, She ain't crazy!!
Hot damn that was amazing ahjusshi can sing!
yea they just assume teen mom on MTV is too blame
I literally had the best dream ever last night...(: it was amazing I got so mad cause my mom woke me up...we were about to make out):<
luck tonight, and tell Kevin hello for me...let's play again sometime.
Isn't Christine Lagarde, the head of the International Monetary Fund, Catholic?
This could be the greatest single day in tournament history with 2 Number 2's going down.Big ups 2 Lehigh and Norfork St
+1 on dogs with sideburns
and then the virtual machine is portable between any platform!
thanks bro!
woo hoo Go Tyler!
LME profits fall on higher costs, investments-FT
hello there!
The phrase, "must be nice," must be stopped.
The world is your home, and it is safe. :)
Tryna to please the "people" creates further disappointment and heartache. Emotions flood over oceans from finishing last instead of 1st
Wow it's hot. But it feels great.
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You.[=
S/o to for hooking up with our t-shirt! thanks for the support!!!
My cat is more popular than I am in my neighborhood!
AP english & AP studio art :) thank you!
My Greatest Inspirations Are Da Ppl Dat I Be Around..
Playing the Blues Brothers show on a sunny day at Universal
no...just a one night event
Bruce MacDonald is speaking on Sale Leaseback opportunities
Can we start a Twitterverse rumor that the owner of the #76ers also said something bad about KG?
Listening to Uncle
Someone has a case of the Mooonnnndays... for some flooring!!!
no problem:)
As much as I want to give the Home Run Derby some credibility .... Vince McMahon is in the ring on Monday Night Raw, RIGHT NOW .....
I can make my own decisions
Days like today really throw a wrench in the whole "Obama's a Muslim" thing.
Early to bed and early to rise...
Heard you put up flyers at Capitol Hill to recruit students for our next training. #Awesome Thx for the help!
Beware of what you feed your mind, for it is the doorway between the physical and spiritual world
Hopkins up 9-6 on #Army at the end of 3.
fa la la la la la la la la
Got an #eBay account? Link it up with your free #Tshirtgang account. Create your designs and push to marketplace in a snap
always lookin for great people with great product.....
Hey everyone let's set a goal for the day and achieve it! Let's notice how good it feels to accomplish your missions, now find your mission!
Tonight: Kids' Creations and Parents' Libations! Kids eat free with the purchase of a regular priced adult meal or burger-beer special!
When your teacher lets you go to first AND second lunch
RT : Honest feedback, getting to know them, sharing my own story, challenging them while supporting them
really good. Should be back in like a week
I'm here
yeah I know but I just can't help but worry.
Raritan River Music Fest rolls along
We are still masters of our fate. We are still captains of our souls. Winston Churchill
Nothing is ever on the radio anymore:/
Question: If you could do anything in the world right now, what would you do?
always me and her going crazy on people lol I love you
oh okay good that's how much they were last year, do you think they'll sell out?
Thanks for alerting folks! MT ' weekly Twitter chat for independent presses--Wed. 1030 am ET,
I'm sincerely hoping that the curator of the Leavenworth Nutcracker Museum is
OMG it's Benji!!!
LA/OKC gonna be an amazing series
Thanks to the crew of Saturne Paris for a really excellent meal. GreAudra is feeling better and we are leaving today for Geneva.
Whatever Pacers still suck and we will end up winning the series. Besides we new to stall to get Bosh some rest
Hey Blair, yes, I am from New York. I hope Zuckerburg is working on this as we speak from his home in Santa Barbara!
Thanks for the
Looking for something to do, going to make some jewelry :)...
Candy Cane
when are you going to post a follow up to your MKG story that quotes MKG today saying a decision has not been made????
Guess who got the highest score (100%) in her test?! ME!!! :D
So sorry we've missed you. Send us a DM with your phone number and we'll give you a call ASAP! Thanks!
Thank you, Pandora. Now we get to Eminem.
can it include blocks ready to be put together or just assembled tops?
Anyone wanna buy a pair of #Retro10s?
Leave it to my over the top diva sister to have my lil niece 1st birthday party at the Children's Museum... that I have to work. :-(
If you're a follower of mine who resides in NC and voted yes on 1, please remove yourself and then bite me. If you voted no, thank you!
I'm bad ain't i
Hey, you should check out our deals, we try to keep the best prices. Awesome selection too.
Bored text me !!!
I love having a little brother. <U+2764>
To be fair, Petco is known as a HR friendly ballpark.
you know it !
#OVS members are proud to represent at It's In Your Genes!
Now that I'm walking I need to work on having the energy I had before. Any suggestions?
That's what I was thinking. Merriman big ?. That pass-rushing DL = scary. Even different combinations have potential.
Clint Dempsey has had a nasty opening 15 minutes. Doesn't bode well.
Hey!Hope to make to an open mic soon!
Damn smh some shorty on 71st had a fat ass & a cute face but her teeth was bucked then a mf lmao
#IfYouKnowMeWell you know how much I love and protect my family
Smiling in the middle of a kiss>>>
that's great!
Go to the IMAX 3D one!!! Its only a few $ more and AWESOME
how is it true?
grad Taylor Reilly is on the mound for Spalding today. His 2 surrendered runs thus far are unearned today. Also has 3 K's.
bout to watch a movie! what should I watch hmm. . . ?
silky smooth 3 ah
Yeah mine too...what do you eat as a substitute? I eat a lot of nuts, beans and tofu
Mann people are driving like its snowing. Chill its just rain
Try switching to a #lowflow #shower head to reduce water waste!
I'm very well. How are you?
#ICantStandPeople who just blow everything out of porportion, stop being a drama queen and get a life
Jessica Arnold has just won 2 tickets to Wine & Dine Wisconsin today! We'll have the tickets for you at will call under your name.
Actually i have a couple of other things promised. is this a regular thurs. night thing? I'll check it out when I get back. TKU
visiting NY for the weekend - top 5 shows gallery/museum exhibitions I should see?
Listening to Dr Dre & Snoop Dogg "The Next Episode." I can never time out the "Smoke weed everyday" line right at the end.
I hate when guys think I will dare them after talking to them for five minutes. Happens way too often.
idk if its bad or not haha:)
that looks like a very nice letter and certificate. We hope she enjoys retirement. Congratulations!
Had to move the ordination service from the church of reconciliation to university Presbyterian because of the numbers of attendees
The ability to make good decisions comes from the experience of making a lot of bad ones.
6/25 at Great Scott 3rd Neptune 2nd Man Forever 1st People of the North
Off to the stu once again..my 1st round niggas bout to drop "the draft" and this "gotham city" bout to drop we finna
Need to find my groove.
Getting ready to watch the preakness
I am speaking and participating in a discussion on underage drinking at Howard University later today.
I know fans are questioning the Marlins decision to hire Guillen at all. But it could've been worse. Their first choice was Kenny Powers.
I can scratch the 4 out and put a 5 on it :)
Michael, please please please check your email and or fb messages. it's a matter of life and death. You too !
My science teacher is seriously idiotic , she gives me a referral for the stupidest shit ..
there's a huge price difference between pc and mac.
Inside City Hall on NY1 is quickly becoming an after work favorite.
We Are Al Going To Have One
Great companies experiment and only then do they bet big. Sounds like "Lean Startup".
Moving out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
Bahamas 'Near Top Of Heap' Through 10% Demand Rise: By NEIL HARTNELL A 10 per cent increase in room demand over the past 12 months sa...
I am trying to! When are the NY housewives returning? I miss them!
all ICONic Boyz Lovers Follow me and i will follow you back to spread the love <3
Forever babe <3 RT glad----> is forever to call mine<3
what. Am I not good enough to txt anymore? :P
Please notice me my heart feels empty when you guys aren't in it
The amt of packaging w/a mens dress shirt is unreal. Plastic collar ring, 10 pins,tissue paper,cardboard insert, price tag &in a plastic bag
industry night tonight!! going to be sick!!
did the second time u gomer
That's an army? Who cares? #TheUndeadArmy has my back, so suck my dick.
Thank you! Just creative commons.
I'm ordering my tea today! Which kind should I order for azaleas & rhododendron?
i was up all night
moose they are pretty awesome what about you??
cool, thanks!
The end of another work day *sigh of relief*
Made my heart stop when I saw your tweet. What are the Colts going to do without Manning??
"Blue tarp, significant to collapse. Increased wind speed, but other parts of the stage were already failing."
Ribs, chicken , hamburgers, hot dogs , steaks, pasta salad. Cole slaw , potatoe salad, had to cut up watermelon. And fixed homemade lemonade
so excited for the fab flavors and beautiful design! thrilled to be working with you!!
Whats your next adventure going to be?
I got that, too. I'm still trying to wrap my brain around it.
Just realized I hit 1000 tweets...still 2000 away from catching up to
Morning!! :)) You should have some Blackcurrant for breakfast.
They were just really happy for Victor Cruz...right?
giving him kisses while he's half asleep >
Im Uup Wit It
Seriously! "Have you tried turning it off and turning it back on again?" is my semi-permanent IM status. ;)
If someone tweets in spanish and you turn your settings to spanish, will it still be spanish ?
paging bobby juan...or was he from central
I will send something via the contact form...
Happy Birthday :)
Congratulations to our amazing seniors Alex, Brad, Jack, Katherine and Matt. Superfood won't be the same without you! /yd
Apparently the dog got really accustomed to sleeping outside while we were in ES. He went and tucked himself in outside.
what up! I'm trying to do what's on my heart.
Don't forget the autism friendly movie on Saturday afternoon! Details under FB "Events."
RT: "University celebrates the graduates with On, On, UofK and fireworks! Congrats to all our 2012 graduates! #UKGrad"
wish it was with me! congrats on making a great decision though!
Showing the gfriend how to tweet. Yr my fave tweeter.
If you love and RT this!
Crash in Vancouver on NE 137th & NE 50th St (Near the WSU Vancouver Campus)... police on scene.
Totally agree!!! I need to keep a pad and paper in almost every room in my house.
Work later tonight, Blah.
did not know they were at Albertson's.
we're bad children.
my mom wants to move back to france... looool my dad and brothers dont want to . my mom can leave but we stayiinnng fuckk that.
Ann Coulter is amazing. And by amazing I mean a big doofus.
Tonight's Special: Lamb Burger: Feta Aoili, Lettuce, Tomato, Red Onion & Cucumber on a Kaiser Roll w/ Side $11
*ignore my start of convo
Eric is back
I WISH A NIGGA WOOD LIKE A THREE IN THIS BITCH
Is it time to catalog dental theses? I think perhaps it is.
Live in me Jesus...have your way in me Lord...i will b flesh 4, as your spirit lives n & thru me....tear tear!!! ~ Calvin Bernard Rhone
perfect thing for the afternoon..ah
Web Camp is going great! 4 sessions down, 8 to go!
Betfair Poker finishing tweet. The system is certainly rigged it is a joke. Whatever u do don't play.
#PACERNATION fuck all the haters. Who is sorry now?
If your dogs are like ours when hubby comes home after deployment, you better watch out. lol
Call 911 and he was like us everything alright and me and lauren was like holy dhit so we ducked and then he went inside and then like
I've always wanted to be on a jury... maybe I should move!
I just feel so sick. Every thought makes me puke.
hey i followed
one of my friends entered that contest!!
so you think you can dance is straight up the worst show ever
must be one, since I can't see why the noun "plow" would be used today!
Timeless songs are ones that despite constant exposure...are still amazing to you every time you hear them....Name some for me!
"I don't need to be a real man, I'm an actor."
I should take a picture of myself every time I do art homework..I look like a mess
Finished round 2 door knocking in 2 precincts and started on a third. Great responses! Thanks!
haha. no prob. it was both worthy and necessary enuff to abbreviate.
Give peace a chance T_T
Lol wade was ready 2 take off
Hello, I'm a fan of his dancing style, follow me back there?
Every time it thunders, Mona growls back.
Clairemont Town Council meeting is tonight at 7PM in Clairemont HS cafeteria. Speakers from and See you there!
Started Run with at 9:50 AM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
Afternoon long course swim followed by weights, veggies, and brown rice pasta. Mad props to L.A. for the perfect weather.
I knew somebody would read it.....lol
way to go gurl! *applause*
anyone at #FortLauderdale beach? Hows the weather? Looks like an awesome day to get some sun
I've been awake for lik an hour & I cant go back to sleep! -.-
Wrapping on this film TOUCHED this week. Playing a child abuser was the most challenging thing I have ever done as an actor - and a person.
i'm going shopping wbu? :)
Haha! "Facebook's privacy policy is a sieve served up in a rowboat"
Once you face a fear, that fear always seems to be smaller than you made it out to be ~Paul V Harris
yes. How have you ben?!
I'm stuck watchin Law & Order again pahahahaha
No Internet until Friday. Thank god for iPad LTE. Only if I could tether that bitch...
" These fans need to back off Theres only a small %age of ppl who can do what we do Dont listen to these aholes"
feel better Justin <U+E413>hope u get better
#Following back <
- Yes, snow in the County rare enough that people flock to the mountains - sadly, leaving their trash behind.
That's wonderful news! RT : Received news today that my Leukaemia is in remission. Today is a good day.
I know Nick screwed up, but I think he deserves another chance from you! We had a talk with about this
hey I just wanted to ask where are you from?? Please RT!! :):) Much love <3
Ive been wanting to see that power clean meet picture for awhile and now I've seen it hell no I don't want that shit I look like Lou ferigno
;) it's past your bedtime...
haha it took some convincing but i got it to work!
As an #elearning developer, I often get #annoyed at our QA team when they come back with lots of amends, even though that is their job!
either you rolling with me or you not! ride or die in this bitch slimgoodie im simply the best!second place dont work for me! it goodieworld
Measuring by engagement influence and action helped demonstrate the value of the B2B SM initiative
Nate loves Sesame Street just like his Mommy did...how cyute :)
“: Trying to convince my parents to let me get a boob job is not working. Smh” -_O lol
Grin. RT : My only problem with 's presentation is that it didn't end with a mic drop.
The Grizzlies are tearing those Clippers up.
Brazil and Tiago Splitter face Argentina and Manu Ginobili on Sunday in final of FIBA Americas
cant take it back now!
Right on! RT Dan Beebe on CU leaving Big 12 sooner than 2012 “I don't think it helps anyone to linger in a lame duck status.”
Hello Mr. , how are you today? do you have my email?
You too!!!
You're the only thing I know like the back of my hand & I can't breathe without you, but I have too.
uk rocks
I just read that he has offers from 3 law schools and is worried about head/concussion damage.
I listen to your music a lot
awesome!! I wish I could be there haha
Man, this is crazy man. People have too much hate in their heart.
Looking forward to meeting you! Ditto the more the merrier!
Have you ever danced behind someone without them knowing?!? Its so hilarious you should do it!!! :)
I think it's just the premise of them having "another shot" at winning the game. It's a pretty big mess.
If my quad wasn't so swollen I thought they did surgery on my knee
Love using my phone in school
As Recovery Act grants end, find out how to sustain your programs in our Leveraging & Market Transformation session @ 1:45pm
done. Nice work bro!!
You're too nice. I'm envisioning deterrents reminiscent of things from the movie Saw.
hoping to get over to the newark conservancy tomorrow!! *fingers crossed*
I think you're the first person to check my work in on Foursquare.
is finally getting the much needed headshots done.
RT Get drum set, and figure out what time of day THEY sleep. Or enlist RT Oh #loudneighbors--WHY WHY WHY?!?
ask his parents!! They made him! Haha
having money is bad..but obamas billon dollar war chest..thats cool...how many car elevator donors gave to that
Should j CDC i McCain idea
I'm sayin RT : Kobe facilitating all this shit!!!!
heyy, followerzz can u guys get me up 2 60 followerz by the end of the day?? plz? its also my birthday so PLEASE?!?!
s Ghandi/Gandhi
thanks! full report coming next week (with pictures)!
Ran my first Tupperware party tonight. It was a lot of fun!
I'm at the house bout to make breakfast
2 more days until the New Year! Can't wait!
what's that? lol
Whitney......very very sad....long time fan.....NOT SHOCKED HOWEVER OF THE NEWS........so many have followed the same fate......SAD!
I like how twitter makes life events into game-like events that you can score points for. But is 'gamify' a word?
We love your work. You make the world of photography a more beautiful place.
Social Butterfly Baby!
The gift of friendship is a wondrous thing with the joys and happiness good friends bring.
: ( I'm normally not so complicated with scheduling, but I have a work holiday party on Friday. Weds at Lucia's?
by the end of the steelers game
When are you gonna come to florida??? Pls soon:))))))
well deserved! So proud of you...you represent Joe so well...
I haven't seen you :( RT : How doesn't talk to me.
Worth exploring what that means with regards to his support for a federal amendment to ban gay marriage.
Tights sneaks and a Tee <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
will suck worse when their socialist state fails
cute/perfect makes a kid feel like going into g'mas house where u cant touch!
Ryan, Y U NO take my side, not his?
At with - bring on the chocolate!
This week keeps getting better and better! #sarcasm <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
it was so good, plus I loved seeing Robin, and scarlet looked great in spandex in 3D.
you absolutely will!! Looking forward to seeing ya!
There is one letter difference between networking and notworking
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Its almost gametime here in Red Bank as the Marauders of St.Peter's try to get their first W of 2012 against the RBC Caseys!
sounds good
Rattle and Hum on Palladia.
So kidnapped me again to go see #Avengers last night & my body is paying for it now
.. that wasn't intentional. How could we ever forget u?
here you go....
No next week gonna be cold lol
just a supercut of all coach taylor's pep talks.
TIP: Just scan your sketches and upload them to App in Seconds. We'll help you crop them to the perfect size to work best on your iPhone.
"Be happy and don't worry about the "noise" in your life" -
Thanks Sarah! You're too. (: I just can't stand when that happens, hah.
that's the hope! P.s. my 700th tweet was a reply to you. Congrats!
WOW!! They are amazing. Thanks for sharing
Just saw a tesla getting off the ferry, first one I've seen driving around! Electric blue, and dirty!
Curious about how to cultivate the arts in KC? Join #anhkc for our Brown Bag Lunch Thrsdy to learn about the Arts in #KC: Now, Here & Beyond
TNA Trying to bring back Myspace? WTF
found $20 and then found another $20 a few minutes later
Audition went well, on to the next!
did your cuzin move to new york
Happy Anniversary Sis!
agreed! all she does is look depressed. And when she smiles... It makes you depressed
#RomneyPickUpLines Let me cut your hair to the "right length"
If you're following and , tweet or DM us. We need a favor! x
RT : Seems like such a small world. Everybody knows a connection through someone. Easy to slip up, so don't do dirt.
“: I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than attempting to satisfy them.”
likes playing with my balls LOL
am having way too much fun right now
damn , I know that lol you can't come out to good ol mooresville & say what's up ? Lol
I had forgotten! Thanks for the reminder
So tired of doing autism evaluations. They can't all be on the spectrum.
RT this if you want to know how I really feel.
hi marcia-all
I can't make fun of the movie if I haven't seen it! Saw it in 2000. Worst movie I've ever seen is "Eye of the Beholder."
hey, my Tivo recorded NCIS as a suggestion...LOL
Thanks! Now that I can leave the house, it should be fine:)
i want HootSuite for my Mac.. I think there are some ipad apps that need to translate to Macs!
see if you ever get that case then!
Which school did you go to?
its flawless :)
You are the who drives my kick and screamin through!!!
So I finally made a bottle, gave Ed a bit (he's yet to grasp the concept of drinking from a bottle) and stuck the rest in the fridge.
me neither. I get home sick and uneasy as soon as I loose site of the Pacific.
thank you!
Traffic southbound. I75 crazy! Glad headn North
hmm I am seeing people in the chat... wonder if it's being slowwed because everyone wants to hear about trade stuff
you made it home
MAN I MISS MY BABIES SO MUCH, LOOK AT HER CUTE SELF
Enjoy the Nexus! RT Off to pick up the Galaxy Nexus, which was overwhelmingly the vote for Android phones. Back later.
When your best friend thinks I switched her for him<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><<<<<<<<<<
This is your only life....are you living it the way you want?
Me and my homie out in these streets #turntup!
Dang it. I need a mandolin slicer. I have a recipe that calls for mandolining.
lol we did that and scared everyone in dere and i laughed 7 a old lady looked at me like wtf juvenile delinquent!!
#WouldYouRather: lose your keys OR your cell phone?
I got u, boo. And awww spanx to u, and not the skin-tight type, the fast and slighly painful in a good way type.
Be willing to let God answer your prayers in his time, his power, his purpose. We often lack patience to let God do his work in us....
Gender and Labor CFP's partly for In Focus. Caetlin Benson-Allott's the point person.
That piss you off moment when your friend tells you he received contact while they were sleeping..
CSX is restarting trains in the Silver Spring area. Maybe the armed suspect will get flattened.
Never look down on a man unless you can pick him up. He may need you more than you think.
The Replacements are as good as it gets, the best Rock & Roll has always been created by those with the most attitude.
Howard is like the nerd version of Quagmire on Big Bang Theory....
2 people without their headlights on during that delivery alone. If you drive at night, please turn on your headlights.
#VEVOnewfront "We are in rapidly changing world and all sides (brands, agencies, media partners) need to be on same team."
cause it's so big?
#Soup in 15 minutes.. Hear a clip from Kenny Chesney's new song and find out who is rumored to play Christian and Anastasia in
School in a couple of minutes.. Cant wait for Virginia:)
'Celebrity Apprentice' Goes Higher Profile as NBC Bets Heavy on Reality TV
Go to Koi
Hi John I know your going to WIN at WM28 and put the boot to ass and then feed him his #civilwarpie! I'm pullng for you!!
is the best place for fam lunch! salad bar for adults is AWESOME & kids split santa fa adult chx sandwich & free ice cream!
Just gave me the biggest smile of the night, bro!
hypocrite much?
New topic - PP tip for Aperture users.
How is your day turning out? We think that it is going to be a fantastic day here at Synergy Insurance!
ITS COLD !
only heard of one beek w/possible CCD commercial/migratory #bees so far. Prob ~20% loss is avg. A few intentional fipronil events
:-) twitter time
Apparently it's National Humor Month. My dad just sent me an email. Subject line: Humor. Body: "Laughter is inner jogging."
I have found 3 different pens strewn around my desk. I think I like having them always at the ready.
Touchdown to b-town ...lets see how this goes
say whaaaaaa? i love that song! sorry jesus lol
Hmm that's a hard one. Probably texting friends in real life while I sleep 'cause I had to tell them something in my dream!
Best twitter ever. 30 Amazing girls who became best friends because of One Direction. #ILoveYouGuys <3
I love the weather so much right now!! :)
Brunch is on at Lottie's, starting at 11 a.m. this morning.
Andrew now helping at our new business as chief lime juicer/garlic chopper! Sure to increase his independence! Check us out
Materialistic <<<<< Losing like a muthafucka
Stay out of the summer rainshowers and get your workout on! Anytime Freret- strengthen your muscles, strengthen a movement!
Back at work after a few days off. Just remind me: what is it that we do here? Had a dream that I was disrupting a writing center meeting.
WE <3 you.
i want a long sentimental text message. just because.
well if it's true what your sister says, you'll scare them away!
At home sick. Catching up on CS tweets . . . .
I'm def gonna try. I have to be at school Saturday morning at 7:30 ha ugh
USF Police has one subject in custody and has requested the Tampa Police Bomb Team to respond regarding the subject's belongings.
you mean they year the pretty much beat USC and lost to MSU on a bullshit fumble call?
Oh not you and Instagram too...
Yes Yes Yes <EXTREME RULES 12>
I smile because I have no idea what is going on
every time i tell someone I can't sleep, i end up getting tired.
Oliver Wendell Holmes “Taxes are what we pay for civilized society.”
Hitting BK bars tonight with my partner in crime, last night needs an encore Summer 2012
for sure man, expect a text/hawk mail soon
Yeah, Krakatoa for me - but it's Golden Hill. Prob say Cafe Madeleine.
If I ever even intimated that media management wasn't really hard, consider my words eaten.
the only shenanigans that the Brewers should be involved in is #winning! I want to see those shirts untucked 3 straight days
I think give him another year or two as backup to practice then have him as the everyday and romine as backup
morning! Seems like ages... :-)
aint nobody in dis world gone give you shit you gotta earn it
Remote Conductor is currently featured in the "What's Hot" section of the Utilities category on the US iTunes App Store!
And they're probably gonna show some sad video at the beginning about I'll just cry. Again.
Holy vacation! I fell asleep at 8pm after being at the beach all day and I just woke up. :) happy Saturday!
like us on facebook at hooligans store and u might just get poked. haha
I wanna paint the town
ok so what's plan b. I say the women cook us up a nice meal
oh my gosh! I'm so sorry about what happened to your mom! Stay Strong Angel.
Antwan 'Big Boi' Patton was arrested in Miami on drug charges including possession of Viagra and Ecstasy pills.
Spending the afternoon in DTLA! Jazzed to play with the universally accessible pinball machine.
C+S video shoot this morning for Housing Matters campaign. Focus on 'what is supportive housing'. www.HousingMattersSD.org
Thanks for the follow and mention!
he def had the best jackets... though Prince's blouse collection can't be touched ;)
Two dudes on a moyorcycle.
Today's agenda: Leaving the studio for the first time in days for a Downtown photo shoot with ! Then right back to it lol
The Heat definitely played hard, but it took the Knicks EVERYTHING to win that game. They must be exhausted.
I will call you this weekend. I figured Hiro would be too packed w/acts for the final night but if you want me I am there!
We didn't get in trouble
Times like these I need I don't know which shoes to wear,
Dance & choreography: Choreograph landing sites rather than bodies. Dancers working w/that space/time before gravity hits.
we only have one orchestra.... but it is second hour
are you going to the carnival today?
Justice never sleeps my friend
lmao yes mam... Go bk n tell ms ryals she can kiss ass just bout all is in healthcare!!! WITHOUT HER
Why I hat about sampling is it takes so long to dig thru these vinyl .. The create vibe goes away
“: What's the biggest achievement in your career?” It would have to be those hair plugs, they worked brilliantly
Step back. Let it settle. Don't think about it for a few days and come back fresh.
I'm givin fucks to er'body else jus so I have none for
Zaza always up to something.
most of my favorite mafia movies have narration in them
Remember back when Steve Francis, Jermaine O'Neal and Baron Davis were all-stars?
My Sweet One
"Hey bakery boy Will you caress my soul please It’s yearning for it" #hungerhaiku from
We also have two codes for Nuclear Dawn - #freegamefriday - we'll throw those in! That means we're giving away SIX games today!
Surprise visit from Amber for some Starbucks...mhmm can't say no to that ;)
LeBron missed the clutch gene and got male pattern baldness instead
Awh...I LOVE YOUU TOO! We news to make plans! Soon!!
Thanks for the shout out! YOU are wonderful!!
thanks hun... I almost thought u didnt love me anymore...:-( ...
got dressed to go out but I'm honestly am thinkin about putting my PJs on and chillin.
thank you!
how cool! Would love to see pics, if you think of it. FFA also?
Spice Girls "Wannabe" : If you could live inside a music video which one would it be? I'dld pick Total Eclipse of the Heart.
is this spam? Your link doesn't work. Who are you?
Excited 4 our transfer student chat 2mrrw from 2-5pmEST. Log on to get ?s answered! american.edu/admissions for more info
If you aren't in the meetup you are missing some HTML5 awesomeness from right now.
Damn you sexayyy!
S/o to for scoring in his soccer game!!!
I punched, kicked and fought by way out of being grumpy at Reno Academy of Combat. Now for #glee :)
just started it today! am probably going to pull an all-nighter reading tonight!
booked a meeting during a meeting today. awesome.
: I don't *have* them taking anybody. I *want* Richardson and a WR or LB tonight. Wouldn't be mad about Claiborne, though.
that's all of them. Haha
A heavy heart this morning...remembering our courageous friend, Stefanie Spielman, a true crusader...our thoughts are with the family....
ok you convinced me : ) we are going to try our best! House party??
that looks like it should be an extra character in Doug.. very impressive. You clearly found your calling
I bet if James Brown were alive he'd say LIVIN IN AMERICA
Regis may be gone, but Hobart & Grace truck on w/ , Leslie Guyton's Movement Workshop Group and ! Tonight @ 11PM!
TRUER WORDS WERE NEVER SPOKEN...GOOD STUFF MY MUSICAL BROTHER...T/F/S...
:( I was hoping your lion cloud would come and devour it before you pulled all of its legs off.
Stop. Collaborate and Listen.
Good, good & thank you sweetie pie <3 (:
Cramp leaving the body = bliss.
my tweet to you.
That's really disappointing, man...cuz I loved the first one.
when we were recording You Want It All there was a storm going on so we recorded it and put it behind the track.
Oh wow! :D That sounds like fun. I love vacation bible school! I wish it came more often. Lol :)
Thanks for voting and sending out the reminder to vote!!!
I'm in a great mood.
yeah I'm from the westside slide thru bring whoever u want
Follow your passion. Figure out what it is you love - who you really are & do it. All you needs is courage to follow your dreams & faith."
Just touchdown in one of my favorite U.S city Washington, DC look forward to a historic several days and the dedication of the MLK monument.
Uh oh!! Big words!
You forgot to put "professional librarian" in quotes.
I would like die if you followed me ! #someday (:
Favorite line: "He's said he's gone to the vet, but there is no record of him serving in any military branch."
I dnt feel like doin shit without money.....my mood be fuked up....
lol I think that was her instagram pick.
omg. whos going home.
glad to hear it! I graduate in June :)
A sunburn makes it hard to sleep.
getting projects ready for end of November a December -- must keep working
Looking forward to Austin Chronicle interview at 2:30pm CST. Watch the live stream at homelesscoach.org.
I'm here for the people!
Soccer is in my blood <U+2665>
#IKnowWereCoolBut when yhu got yhu other half, we literally became strangers. Like instead of hey, wassup i got *no text back*!
Merry Christmas ! <3
Interested in hearing and seeing a snapshot of the week of TC Music Improv? A free concert feat students this Fri MilbankChapel 1pm
Finally! saw the final Harry Potter movie
Toni Cordell: not everyone has the opportunity to learn to read or read well.
I love the snow
i get pissed when women's poor play is put down to 'some guy'. not the case when men hit bad patch.
What's good Twitter?
well thats you and i need to keep mine up
Be a first rate version of yourself, Not a second rate version of someone else...
I wish I had a cute boy to talk to -_-
alright but if you're going Mannilow on me Weekend in New England is the bomb!
As it should be. How many cocktails did Q get to? He was beyond lit at 12.
I'm great how r u?
Ikr? Praise him<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Okay then yeah.
where y'all at!
GREAT idea!!
If you have signed up for the weekly Thursday Network Digest but are not receiving it, please check your spam folder.
RAID RAID RAID
Joe is friends with Brandon Jacobs. If he says it's him, It is Him. No Doubt!
Yeah! What does one do with said hood, though? This is the great mystery.
Thinking of signing with a media director for The AlexZander Foundation. Putting it to the broad this week. I'm saying yes.
If you want to change the scene you got to turn off the fucking TV, stop consumerism for a day watch it all burn away.
Oh hell naw I need to get me a boo thang ASAP
#cake would have been just as popular without CB.. Didn't need to add that loser for the publicity.
Christine stop calling me I'm at the library -___-
according to my notes, if your patient is hearing impaired "use a stethoscope." don't get it.
Q1 digital book displays... anyone have example of it put to use? lookin' for ideas
We need to go here now! RT : Chicken 2 ways w/rice AND naan @ Tandoori Hut. Long line but worth it!
No picture??
LOL! I thought so. Me & Joe had that convo once & he didnt get our whole colorism thing. To them all blk ppl are "dark-skinned"
Yelawolf on a Sunday in the 504... Duh I want to go!!!
DEBATE HIGHLIGHTS - REALLY? TERRI SCHIAVO? This debate has been on life support for, like, 70 minutes now.
Hi Jane! Photog question--what's a standard or "good" price for engagement photo packages?
My upper body is gone be strong as hell.
MEn who dont like to read..make me want to SMH and say a prayer..cuz your living proof that knowledge is BEST hidden from a NIGGA in a
I keep buying fast food & my phones bills due in a few days.
Without any doubt Dev is going to dominate bengali film industry
Stay hungry, stay foolish!
Gotta give Louisville credit, they didn't have a chance but they played with heart!
hi Tierra I'm following you now can you follow me.xoxo ;-)
Lmfao , My little sister's feet ! :x
.Net Front and Back End Developer needed in Englewood, CO! 6 Month + Opportunity! Link up or email me for details!
Yes, yes you do. :-) RT : I am in Belgium. You, likely, are not. I win.
can't say I know who is gonna win the series but starting tomorrow me and are no longer friends
That's what's holding us up! ": red line train to glenmont off loaded at chinatown grrrrr"
'Twould be a shame to come to Fort Worth in January and not go to the Stock Show...
I'll still think teenagers. I know a read a story a few years ago about a severely obese 14 or 15-year-old having one.
hey are we still getting pay video's?
Its Taco Tuesday! What is your fresh La Casita salsa-of-choice to finish out your taco construction?
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe I got too fuck a senior soon
#OpenStackNY meetup last night. Great talks from (Swift) (Chef), pizza/beer , hosted by NYC.
Join us next week for the Art Jam 2009 - Wed 30th at 111 Minna Gallery downtown SF! An evening of playful art and music! See www.artseed.org
Happy Friday! Big weekend ahead! What’s your favorite Easter tradition?
Don't sweat it man. Those illuminati guys don't "own" any hand signals. We know your heart
yeah haha it stays interesting though
6 more papers to go :/
s/o to for putting in work at the Sonny Parker All-Star Game!
dont you fall in love, dont make me make you fall in love with a nigga like me
Everyone follow
> Thank you!
#Amtrak is "working on getting busses and will do their best" #CrisisAverted? Time for #GradPub?
I told everyone including that Indiana would beat Miami
Sum up the #Grammys in one word: old
"Feelin' good is good enough for me..."---Janis Joplin
Damn Landry Jones might be the #1 pick in a couple of years
I think there should be a like button for twitter sometimes I would like people to know that there tweet was great
Never good enough..
good call!!
Riding my two wheeled unicycle for the first time today!
I can really be myself around him. :)
Kira- we don't have a private room, but would still love your company.
yes actually me and him ride the same bus to and from school
Lamar Smith's national e-verify bill flew in the face of states' rights as well as the Supreme Court ruling.
Awr, thanks! I aim to be totally pleasant as a default. Glad I'm succeeding :)
Naah Jus Like I Kaled Your Name In Lunch !You Would Of Kept Goin
I love you so much that I'd make sure billy in 4c DID see it coming
No I wouldnt
big up, big up its a stick up, stick up - c u tomo
completely agree
I found a retreat but it's for women only. Vash can borrow my extra vag (I carry a spare?)
Tomorrow I think I'll have one drink for every rude customer I WON'T have to deal with.
Damn.... The national anthem supposed to hype them up
Stay tuned for updates ALL WEEKEND LONG!!! YES
I so agree - who cares!
M oven roasted turkey, creamy havarti and carmelized onions on toasted ciabatta. Who's bringing the buttery Rombauer?
Premiere is re-airing right now. Flip it on and catch me singing for the next 50 minutes
ODOT cam....Crash I-84 EB moved to the right shoulder at 39th...
SO Funny!
Oh say it isn't so! She loves Rush & doesn't like POTUS? Hum, time to divorce your mama. ;-)
awww. Thank you my friend! Best Holiday wishes to you and yours!!
We are looking forward to it! Your flip books are a huge hit!
Just leaving a Cuban restaurant for an after party with a bunch of latinos and latinas.
In 2000 and Beyond...
As we the film crew get to the hotel room, the funhouse madness starts to sets in. WE'RE HERE TO COVER A RACE! Can u say Fear & Loathing?
Someone give some oxygen.
hope u had a good Mothers Day guys
uff! the people! love me <3
ooh :D this is the third time Yelawolf in Paris :P
...to find their fucking dog.
With our creative energies and ideas, we should save the world. Or have a martini.
Read this if you think you are an Arianator.RT this if you KNOW! :D
My anger + My mouth = No phone. Cant win em' all.
Ballin till im Balding, till I look in the mirror and see Jordan...
I just realized I forgot to put on lotion omfg
Good night everybody. #Riley .LIVE REAL<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Was just texting someone and misspelled "each other" - Autocorrect knew I really meant to type "peashooter".
I have no luck winning tickets to see my favorite rapper.
Absolutely - thanks for the update
GOP have to decide who is their Lord. Jesus or Ayn Rand. Paul Ryan chose Rand. How about you?
#dirtyjokethursday What did one saggy tit say to the other saggy tit?[ If we don't get some support soon, people will think we're nuts!]
Looking at field cameras on ebay.
Sometimes Luke you are two steps ahead! Seriously, though, keep coming up with ideas - gov wants them.
(Orison Swett Marden) Don’t wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great.
RT : Don't forget. GOP opened up conf comm rpt to make changes as recommended by MMB to use reserves. So much for trust.
Yea! So excited! Thank you!
#praise God for everything. Good night everyone, sweet dreams! ~~~ :)
It's the last w/end of summer, a holiday w/end, beautiful weather in SoCal. Arrests increase statistically. Don't get arrested! Drink=DUI.
If anyone following me ever needs to talk about anything, I'll give you my number, and we can talk(:
Oh fine. No I didn't, but i should've huh? It woulda been fly. :) *giggles*
Sad for us - but great for him... Best of luck !!
Tell us some more great places to eat in Cincinnati?
follow back <3?
Coming soon @ www.myfreegenealogy.com, researching immigrant ancestors, come share your knowledge with others.
Carrier Classic outdoor game earned ESPN's highest TV rating (2.7) for November college hoops game
I think that Madonna was a great inspiration for me, especially on my earlier work." - Rihanna ....... ....
is it just me or does Dino Rossi seem like the Lane Kiffin of Washington politics?
We miss you, too! RT : People here talk about blockbusters as being works of art. I miss pretentious art house film snobs.
i think ima fuck wit dat "rage" one u sent
I think I see you at Duffy's?
Started a new oil portrait commission...Mother and Child..beautiful!
Did Mia just flip off the camera?
Thank you so much <3 Kellie
play me
Wonderful lunch date with my best friend.
Happy bday to my boy !
You're welcome! Likewise! :)
Just got a call from someone Wren Building (oldest college building in US). They want a QR code for a sign.
Dear eye contact commercials, you can't put glasses on a hot chick and call her a social outcast.
#BestTVThemesEver Duck Tales
laying down bout to hit the hay
It is possible to end workplace harassment when you begin communication and zero-tolerance policies that are unwavering.
"When you pray, say: 'Your kingdom come'" -Luke 11:2
Still reviewing what transpired last night. Cinco-De-Die-O was tremendously fun!
Yea. Just created the twitter account, so I'll be posting stock shirts shortly!
Shout out to !
I have a lot of ideas...4 music,reality tv shows, & movies. I need 2 write all this stuff down...
rat eyes
"I'll take today over yesterday, any day. Memories may find me but they'll always be behind me"
“Put your future in good hands—your own.” ~Unknown
Tomorrows my last day of class. Then I get to sleep all day again... Just what I need.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>
light sweaters rule
I Am Happy !
Haha. It's kinda weird though. At 7 this morning I walked into my livingroom & started laughing. #ForNoReason I'm awesome! ;)
America's Test Kitchen is my jam.
The original Apple 1 computer sold for $666.66.
if it's $9.99 & i give you a 10 , bitch i want my penny back . . . hell , don't assume i don't want that one cent . pennies add up lol
doing the gel. more bang for your buck
Woot! 4 weeks - you go girl!
Still cheering my ass off lol
Drinking plenty of water is one of the most important things you can do to keep your skin looking and feeling beautiful.
thank you for the follow and the LIKE! be sure to spread the buzz on JADED! :)
It's so awkward seeing people you know when they're working.. Lol
Little frustrated? Tired of being alone. "If you do not like being alone, then perhaps you do not like who are you alone with." Wayne Dyer
funny story about that, actually...
I'm Back to # 10 ... Please keep me in the Top 10 guys !!! ... Thanks Antonio !!!
I'm not sure how to do that, sorry. You can save it to your computer by right clicking, then set as background.
haha thanks. Nothing like a good scare for trying to be responsible. Any wait to see you guys and do it tomorrow!
I really hope Jake Locker starts this year... You don't use an 8th pick on a player to sit for 2 years that's just STUPID
I'm your guy hit me when you get here. Ill be sure to keep you busy
HE'S the creeper. not me!
L1C4 makes me laugh every time I see it. Refers to a tribe of forest-dwelling African pigmies.
A lot good Texas players on Baylor's..and Stanford's team.
It was never going to happen.
dont believe in what people say, stay strong. believe in your heart <3
It's pretty insulting 2 all Pakistanis that u have the gall 2 accuse Pak of genocide 4 defending its borders.
You are welcome! Thank you also!
besides all the bieber
": I am so so so pumped for tomorrow" I love Christmas a present for all
Dear Mom, please stop singing "sex ain't better than love." sincerely, Kyle.
Watching Sleep Over because the storm made the satellite go out. Hopefully it'll work tomorrow....
Informative panel re PLA compliance #bwctownhall including members of
": please God help me ....ik i dnt deserve it but im begging .please help me .I hope u gt better I will be praying for you !
“: hey what's good nothing much bout to hop in the shower & get ready for work & you!!”
I'll definitely be on the lookout for your name. ;-)
Love everything about today....perfect just as it is!!! Wouldn't change a thing. Puts a big smile on my face. :-)
Great video.Time lapse- a-riffic as well.
now 3rd in east! Come out and watch them this wknd!
Apparently i was trippin when i decided to date my ex! RT : Yea scratch that!!! Gurl u trippin!!! Lol
i smelled a fag this morning. i hate that smell. the smoke makes me feel at home though. (x
My dog takes mostly the whole bed and leaves me with little room . Ahh he has his bed , I'm guessing its too small for him bahha.
You want these cloths you want these hoe's you need to get yo money & yo mind right rite now
Never give in. Never.
I need to go swimming real soon
I'm over here editing my way out the hood
Do you twitter?? FInd me
You should get on Skype.
Seven hours later I am back at home, embracing my beloved Internet.
Watching the local news and am horrified by these local commercials!! Ugh so horribly done!
i'm in love with you.
#onlyuglypeople treading? This not right. Who started this bull #onlynarsaiticpeople make trends like >> #onlyuglypeople smh
Damn... Why are tall men so hot!
I was just in Europe last summer! Haven't had a chance to make it over to London! Would love to come visit you sometime!
ok...thanks. Nice
She got a lot going on
What, u think inside temps have anything to do with outside temps? No, dear, must follow SCHEDULE. The SCHEDULE is key.
Prepares to play "classical music from a future civilization" from 9 to 11 on wtju.net and 91.1 ! Pledge if you can!
you are amazing my support for you is eternal
Trell Just Forced It!!
you are most welcome you kind man!
cool! I will look into this...
The funniest nights are the one's when my mom drinks a glass of wine at dinner.
#Obama draws 14,000 supporters to Columbus, OH arena today. Anybody think #Romney can pull 1400? Mitt's rally's have been poorly attended.
Home sweet home
So in Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na there's a scene with a guy waiting outside airport holding a placard saying "Mr. Godot"
RT : Tasty #leftoversforlunch, beet salad from ! I must return to try the patio!
I can't wait for the fully exercised Repubs to go after the little nasty man in the White House. It gonna be a pisser.
FUCK!!! CHILDREN ARE HERE, DO YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY? TO ME IT IS NOT. MY FAV POSITION (WISH) IS TO KICK YOU ON THE BALLS!
Ballgame! Still in first, still doing it all in dramatic fashion.
Retrain will be searching for a instructor well versed with mature populations. Low impact, theraband & mat therapy.
and make it even better with your fresh, innovative ideas. We can't wait to see your progress!
asus slate is Years head of ipad and Microsoft ipad killer
"Children are the living messages we send to a time we will not see." - John W. Whitehead
Great answers, thanks for your input!
Forget boybands making a comeback- im bringing back barbershop quartet. posting auditions on craigslist in 'looking 4 men' cuz its guys only
How to minimize the effects of time-delay interference - Urgent Communications
Don't miss Poppy, Serious Pie, Pike Place Market, Melrose Market, there are so many...
I'm essentially about to wear pajamas to the club..but swagged out and with heals i
New play for Pats; 12 men on field, we can stop them now.
ha, what said otherway around. but before you even do that, make your crew list all they need.
One of the greatest pleasures of living in Philly (Old City) is that with every little errand you inevitably run into amazing people.
A5. Two words: Anna Kournikova RT Coke and Danica: What's appeal in deal w/driver w/only 2 wins?
Why shouldn't get a because he's affiliated with ? Dan & Justin are artists. Jerk.
I'm looking for players who are willing and WANT to play realbook
Study reveals that post-endo pain has different sources
Front man Mark Foster has also worked as a Club DJ. Pumped Up Kicks on
obfuscation and Rawls two principles of justice
I WANT TO GO HOME.
is breathing into the stretch...
Thanks David
Taught my largest story line and character developement class tonight.
is the perfect spot for shopping for grads -- personalized gifts galore!
Does this mean CasiNO RT Two candidates opposed to casino, Ginny Coppola and Lorriane Brue, win in
With every +K on penguins, gets a little stronger. That shit is powerful. Help the cause.
#Calorie Restriction Program- Aging is a Treatable Disease
sweet tea(:
I definitely fit the bill and I really appreciate my job now!
Where Are The GOOD MEN???
you need to be yourself and be creative in your own way and show people what you got
I got your package today. Appreciate it fellas!
it's been a pleasure guys. Been a big fan of your show. Looking forward to follow each of your careers! Good luck
Cool... Hit me when you get back
woo. Unacceptable.
Don't get me started on my adorable little Cloudy.
My husband is 6'4" man that works out everyday and he's been a for over 35 years. You don't need to eat our animal friends.
Oh, Nicki Minaj, this is way too out there for me. For the first time all night I turned the volume down.
GOOD GAME YESTERDAY BIG ROY
You see me , I got bitches.
we watching 2012 in class! can you say chill day!
So. What i need all you #RObotz to do is to tweet #kickinit at the end of your tweets to get it trending for . Got it ? GO ! :)
4 Wins - 0 losses for the Day ! The bookie is gonna be mad when he see's me tomorrow !Hope all you guys had the same Goodnight!
Guess WI's beer tax! If u guessed 0.6% on a beer u're right! One of the lowest in nation!
Great to see so many humpeeps at the hospitality suite. Hope you enjoyed the view! Safe travels to everyone.
wish I could be there to see ya Melina!! :-(
Less expensive compared to where? Sometimes Binny's has sales. They're all usually around the same price point, though.
wall 2 wall sports has twitter-nation cornered with tomorrow night's guest list
Career site best practices AEIOU-authentic, engaging, intuitive, option filled, user friendly Y-answer whY
yeah I watched the whole thing and didn't understand a bit of it, but it had great atmosphere.
Yep, A5X processor, quad-core graphics is confirmed on the new
hi no fumble tumble
I wish people could hear what is happening in my house right now.
same (: & texting Andrew <3
Working from Brewed Café this afternoon... lovely day on Brady Street!
Watching the last bit of stomp the yard , den going to sleep prob
RT : Mitt Romney: America knows the only solutions for our debt are more massive tax breaks for the rich and enforcing heterosexualty
Uh oh
Movies all night last night..didn't even get up from the couch..and I'm still on it at this very moment..
dear youtube, thanks for the cause of my bad grades.
If Being Thirsty Was A Crime Smh Half You Mufuckers Be Gone For LIFE Lol
It shouldn't be suprising that some ppl think automotive repair is a drive up like McDonalds. Major repair and diagnostic takes time
Going to college this fall as a junior in high school. Thanks WA state government for RUNNING START! :)
You never really know how much someone really loves you, until you see how they are with you at your worst.
It's like they know me : "it says "the air pressure is like a giant hand holding you down + crushing out all your lifeforce""
I think it was MDID - Madison Digital Images Database or Distributor or something like that
Great BD fun at Artist for a Day and Le Bistro du Beaujolais withh my family. Never fails to entertain.
Fuck that beef that shit is played out
I love how I've been up since 6:40 -_- I wish I could fall asleep but there's just too much shit running though my head right now
UM #hurricanes off to a great start vs Duke
sigh...whitehouse.gov website fail. Can't create an account in Google Chrome; no form displays
got them ill skills
#Romney is a pussy! He's afraid of his own shadow: #PunxsutawneyRomney!We'll have 4yrs of darkness & despair! Not 6 weeks!
Glad to do it. I don't think we're going to be done talking about him for a long time.
That was the singlemost #GAYEST way to say go to bed ever!!!!!.....
So much to do in NY. We love it too! The best city in the world!
I need more followers... I feel like I'm talking to myself!
The last time I took a day off was in January? So says my vacation email message log. That can't be correct.
I know it--super busy! But that's a good thing, right? :) Where have your treks taken you lately??
In life, your going to be left out, talked about, lied to, and used. But you have to decide who's worth your tears and who's not.
hey it's been Time we havnt talked
Getting into a fight with someone you actually cared about.
yeah, I just noticed that its leap day.
can you pls stop spamming my twitter feed with all this nonsense about the damn field
<U+E418> RT : Life with you makes perfect sense, you're my best friend. -Tim McGraw
is wearing a Cal Poly Pomona sweatshirt @ UC Berkley-is that ok, should I be scared?
Feb 2 - 5, 1863 - The 5th Iowa sent to Hardin County environs to stop Confederate conscription sweeps and to help defend Fort Donelson...
Follow me pretty? YOU ARE SO ADORABLE. IRREALLYLOVEYOU. <3
RT:“ Waking up from a long ass nap. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>but this is the reason why I be up at nights <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>”
We are looking for a stage manager for FIRST PRIZE- immediately! 1st rehearsal 4/3 - email to enquire. AEA showcase
Big mistake. Peyton is a great guy but this will be Culpepper part 2.
Just completed my first ever 8 mile run!
Oh no. Hope it's nothing serious?
hey how are you...I am a songwriter reach out to network...
I love Judge Judy! Great show!
oh u know
i should've said no.
“When the solution is simple, God is answering.” Einstein
It is amazing how a day can seem so much better with just a little bit of good news!
I told my doctor I get very tired when I go on a diet, so he gave me pep pills. Know what happened? I ate faster. —– Joe E. Lewis
I saw a great presentation today on non-economic damages by Jeffrey Kroll at Illinois Trial Lawyer's Update & Review.
what time does show start? are going!
Just wonderin what the future holds
Passed the US Naturalization test. Ade told me that no MSFT employee ever failed. Pressure was on :-) Next step is the auth (in few hours).
Hearing "Save The World" in Macy's yesterday was surreal.
it's called Facebook, not Boobbook. so try & get your face in the picture next time. kthanks
My allergies are killing me right now!
Great blog....loved it!
Crunch Berries? Yes. Cap' n Crunch? Not so much
RT : If you're a student copyright geek looking for a summer job, let me know
haha all right! Looking forward to it~
The last time the lakers were forced to a game 7 after leading 3-1 was the 2006 first round vs. Phx. Phoenix won game 7 and the series.
Midway thru Season 1 of FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS.
Vinny don't be depressed trying to notice people you smiling makes us GRANDer JOLLY!(:
Heard in line while waiting for the #DalaiLama: "He's like the pope of the Buddhists!"
12 soft pretzels deep. I am ready for the
To Mom's past, present and future... May your memories, realilties and hopes be full of happiness!
I can't wait until I'm in my own place & I can jig around my room in my underwear in peace <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Total sleep for #dplawest over three nights - 14 hours - that's about right. :P
I will, with antibacterial hand wash. ;)
Thanks. :-) Gives me a greater appreciation of what you and others did!
Your presence is always welcome at 210.... NOT!
re TED: i think it all died when they started branding on campuses. so weird and unfortunate.
2 of 2: Trinity Irish Pubs, Bartels Management, Inc., Bell Ambulance, Wisconsin Club and Boucher Automotive Group!
Hahaha! Preach! RT : girls who can't handle their shit aint cute. stay your ass at home
How did you know? X0X0 #FollowBack RT I think that's what she likes most..
that type of arguing...so often...not normal.
WHY IS EVERYTHING SO FUCKING HARD FOR ME !!!!
Thankful this precip is rain not snow, more work to get done before end of the year.
~Stage Freight Strategies part 3~~ 6.Anticipate hard and easy questions. 7.Organize your speaking notes.
he is absolutely a wonder! Hope you're enjoying mother's day with Miyoko, Hana & your mom! Wish Trish HMD from me please.
In the studio. Writing.
Coozies were a great invention.
Cooking channel has wonderful events for quick and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Emeril
What do we live in Seattle or something? This rain is Crazy. Get some fenders to protect yourself from the rain spray.
Mom says I don't sleep enough , I'll sleep when I die
Find great local, national, and state tournaments at www.tournamentscoop.com
for my 18th bday im gonna tattoo your qoute "success only happens after failed attempts" :-)) i really am son!
Whoa whoa whoa. There's a show on History Channel called "Big Shrimpin"?!? Clearing my schedule for the day...
i stay om my GRIZZLY!
Adestria- More Than You Know <3
Simon always makes sense
I Hate When I Need Something I Just Had But Can't Find It.
If you have 2 or more dogs the goal is to get them to be a calm-submissive unit, all working together with you in charge
Just found #TweetDeck. Cool app for organizing my connections
Baby you Don't Know!
I think its comical when grown ass adult dudes. Drive New VW Beetles. Chicks only, dudes. Get a truck.
I think I'm about to clean my room and bathroom.
Shooting in NYC next week! Needed: PAs and a hip bar location. Message me if you have... either?
Senior Company . Week OFF!
oh, wait. 87-88.. but yep, first lady raegan*.
Let the road trip begin!
#tigers win hooray!!!
he was solid. Him & Jess were the best.
I'm really starting to like the one direction song... Damnit...
Enjoy the prediction from that Dolphins will select DT Fletcher Cox at 8 because it doesn't fill a need and makes no sense.
as a kid growing up in holland, my golden combo was peanut butter & honey. Swirling the 2 together on the bread is a must. Yum!
That sound more like a senior passion-driven project...what fun!
SPRING FEVER!!!!
I'm not a rum guy. I'm a bourbon guy.
Like this if you think that dianely should be on Toddlers and Tiaras Again!
Find out more about the Summon Discovery Service on Stand 32
Fountain Hills Town Council meeting Thursday 6:30PM. Should community move to a single trash & recycling hauler?
I dont think im gonna be a promotor anymore. ill just stick with going to concerts to see them.
Im so damn tired im delirious!! Pole was a WORKOUT!!!!
we sold some mushroom tea, we sold some ecstasy, we sold nitrous opium acid heroine and pcp
you two are the fucking same,pathetic annoying & always need attension.
RT nothing like waking up and make a good exercise!!* :D
OCLC survey: Hickerson: special collections staffing in Canadian libraries about half of comparable US libraries
In God I trust!
Obviously, I'm not a goalie...lol I just appreciate them, as all hockey players should! I'm a forward
I finally get to watch a whole match and it's canceled. Not exactly a Rafa-level problem, but still a bummer.
like your tweet! Not giving up. Just getting started! Thanks for the follow!
RT : Didn't get a chance 2 see U after the set with Rez in Jazz Standard, just wanna tell u that it was a great show!
Busy day at the office, back to home learn my monologues, relax and dream.
This class is a joke omg
i may joke around but im the hardest...Sucka
- MY heart Beating So Fast !
“There are two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.” – Einstein
~Margaret Lee RunbeckMany people are extremely happy, but are absolutely worthless to society .
Singing to one direction- one thing :)
still a good joke
Yes indeed! Best way to start the week. :-)
KIA!! How are you?
Stay tuned for the US Title Olympics Club
Wow. I may have to spend some serious time in San Fransico. Amazing city.
o_O I missed you 100%! Were you on the platform or train?
[Campus Bulletin] Don't worry about the class days you've missed from the snow. Spring Break has plenty of days to catch up.
Hey Chicago! What's your favorite brunch spot?
#RedSox are on a two-game winning streak. #Bruins play game 7 tonight. And #Celtics are a win away from homecourt in 1st round of playoffs.
Happy Easter! <U+2665>
they hurt the worst really bad
A3 Which native app to build if budget is limited. Megan - what's your advice?
During finals, as always, “One's ability to be productive is directly proportional to one's ability to relax.” -David Allen
thanks for the RT!
At my last physical, I asked my doc to measure and chart my waist. CDCP says so!
Things are going well! I have had a good response so far.
thanks for the FF love!!!!
He Needs to take a seat.. _/
RT "What's a song you hate getting stuck in your head?" It's a meta-earworm!
Just saw a brilliant shooting star! <U+E056> guess i need to make a wish
Abbi and I sang at #TheCommodore in Nashville tonight! Veryy fun:))
nah lol. Just me && Junior lol
What's your favorite day of the week? It should be 2-Stamp Twitter Tuesday where you get 2 loyalty card stamps for following us!
Younger generation of workers with ongoing access to online computers leads to explosion of social media use at work
chocolate cake
Gosh, I wish I could have gone to that. I went last year and it was really helpful.
join us and watch launch on NASA tv @ 9 PM Tues night.
reading about tainted peanut butter
maybe try roofies next time. That keeps'em quite!
Just watched Phil Lesh, Bob Weir and Waren Haynes on ABC's The View..Whoopi!
I'm working on my reasons paper for my JAMS internship application lol.
just got a contributor agreement from someone who has been on plone since 1.0. w00t!
Farmville players outnumbered real farmers in the US by a ratio of 60 to 1
Takes one to know one!! #ZipitUp RT : You're such a star-bleeper, Kevin!
Coach Taylor GA-ed at UCF under Chizik. ;-)
who doesn't like regular show
Hope you had a happy Easter, too! is too stubborn and will never break his silence. Have fun with him at lunch!
RT You know what's more fun than great live music? Great live music with your best friends. Spread the word about tonight!
oh goodness! Congratulations! I'm completely finished tomorrow & off until first week in Sept. so excited.
iP lust is at an all time high, and for some (most),they just have to get one, regardless of viable alternatives.
- I love you Rob Mulligan! LOL
RT : I know a secret. Don Jones is presenting at www.ti2011.com along with Jeffrey Snover!
its takes money to MAKE money.
Awesome. Hope to make it there someday.
Finally going prom dress shopping
Sleep over with the boyfriend one night soon... (: hm interesting :p
I really believe if you have a collaborative campus leader then u never have to worry about that happening
:) Do you have any ideas?
This assumption about #leadership is holding you back: that leaders need followers. 0224.
Ugg I hate when that happens.
#Bengals draft CB Dre Kirkpatrick with the 17th pick in the
Picked up some wine at the local drive-thru liquor store... Hm
Watching soccer
Morning people.....make this a WONDERLICIOUS Day
you're too funny. i went to tag you in one of the quotes from The Hangover and I thought I was spelling your name wrong!
Working on 3 great projects: Denver video shoot, Australia bodhifest marketing, meeting with Singapore company today. Business is rocking!
bug lookin ass
Wow it's 12<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> I could have sworn 10 seconds ago it was like 11:30
thanks fam! You guys are the best!
lol I guess he got it from the aide when I left :/ xD
Anyone know who's pitching tomorrow?
Wow. RT : Average Google+ user spent 3.3 minutes on the site in January, Comcast reports. Average Facebook user spent 7.5 hours.
The justice system is ENTIRELY fucked up!!!
yeah thank u bro
The only people happier than #Broncos fan is #Patriots fan.
what you doing in the dirrty hotalanta
shouldn't that put him in a much higher tax bracket?
fergie: me, quentin sarah vaughn and mariah decided: you are voted off this birthday island.
I'll let it slide.
Wow, that's a bummer about the knots. I will let KFI know because that's uncool. Knots are inevitable, but not 3 in 30/yds.
Saw the brochures for the McGraw residency at Darien here at UW's LIS school. Made me smile :)
It's a cool thing to say, I just put in a 15 hr day and I loved every min of it. An eye opening experience behind the camera!
Just got in. I was going to go down to the bar but Boondocks is on. Can't decide.
Thank you for the #FF!
of course, babe :)
Should we start a campaign to get Ravens coach John Harbaugh on here?
Words with Friends is getting heated...bring it ! ;)
#LiesIveToldMyParents "The cooler is so we can carry our non-alcoholic drinks into the party. Duh"
Happy Thanksgiving! We're thankful for all of your support :) you are all amazing <3
hahahahaha and yes I am going to my old high schools' graduation just to rub it in her face!!!! Take that Senora Estas!!
Chicken wings.. and fries for dinner.
You're from the north, innit? Well, here's some tough love from the upper Atlantic - pull yourself together. You're OK.
I just shared something on Google+ for the first time in months. If the world implodes or I disappear into a black hole, that's why.
Northern eyewall in Clear Lake, nearing SE corner of downtown Houston. Hurricane-force winds (>74mph) expected soon downtown.
Kobe isn't feeling well...things could get interesting tonight #GoNuggets!!
#ThingsIGetAlot "You must work out!"
: That's wonderful. Props to for keeping eyes on SF while they needed it.
Thanks, the injuries were worth it!
Cat balls
perf! i have two huge boxes of berries
sure does I have it a lot.
So you two still together?
I have officially found out that I suck at tennis!
A bonding team is more important than putting out any product. When everyone can see eye to eye
Follow me please:)))))
Well now I suddenly want to listen to suck.
Taxis like to honk
Just tweeted at Blaine Gabbert from the Jacksonville Jaguars. Anyone think he might come to the next ITTC show?
At the iSchool at Univ of Washington, we have an info science phd where you can focus on ictd or information in society.
well other music doesnt catch my attention lol :p & thats good cx if id ask any guy to go to a PTV or SWS i bet they wouldntcx
Swag King Cole
Farewell New Jersey Nets, I hope there are enough hipsters that care in Brooklyn to make the new Nets "trendy."
I'm 24 in less than a month. That is terrifying.
Somebody should text me
lmao whatever works! (let's hope it works)
Facebook relationship status updates are the Access Hollywood for normal people.
Sounds great! Looking forward to it!!
Bitches love it when you tell them somethin nice in Spanish.
But it's a total metadata nightmare.
I just saw the DM today! My phone didn't notify me, I will say boy guessed it.
YOUR MY HERO AND YOU MADE ME SO MUCH STRONGER AS A PERSON,YOUR MY ROLE MODEL(:
Because it is!! RT : How can people find baseball boring????
Wgtb, Georgetown radio officially throws its support behind Let's go caps Beat the bruins
interesting. seems like issues could have been avoided with more monitoring/research from Council, etc.
Back to school bleckk
it has been about a year for me.
Shoutout to : & (: EVERYONE SHOULD GO FOLLOW THEM NOW :)
My phone hitting that good charge right now :)
can I use all of your tweets from this convo in a post? I promise not to "Ellen" you.
F the Dropkick Murphy's. Their music makes me want to commit su.
good "late" morning! Grabbing another cup of hot Joe'sephine and skipping out the door to meet with a new client! :)
Would it be wrong to bill a cust for just plain #awesomeness? Lawyers bill for "pondering" fees so why not??
“: Falling in love is a lot like falling asleep. It's easy to fall into, but hard to get out of.”
Dear President Dilma, please save the rainforest & protect our climate. Veto the new Forest Code!
It may seem silly but that doesn't mean it's not important
a birdie tells me you are a Deerfield guy, is this correct?
CAN COOK
Got a salad fm mcdonalds...its like getting a hug fm a hooker
Got a ticket for ! Oct 8 & 9 in Seattle - looking forward to it!
Have a relationship strategy, not a social media strategy
New Year special - iPhone 4 white conversion only $199 - New low price!! Happy and successful 2011.
Funny you should ask! Why yes I DID see Jenna Maroney filming 30 Rock today! Be on the lookout for an ep featuring the Wogels.
I'm not a fucking role model.
which article?
Thanks to everyone who made last Friday's line dance class a great success!
Outside of Deadlight, Halo 4, Max Payne 3 (big maybe), and Bioshock Infinite, can't think of much else I'm excited for this year.
My brotha knows where its at
There is alot to be said when respecting other people...there is even more to be said when #respecting yourself...Mia
#RHONJ time to catch up on what I missed. So excited even though I can't sleep. My fav housewives!
Got upset with my mom cause she won't let me go to the show so shes taking me to get my belly button pierced.
have fun tonight, should be a great game
we did! it was my first time playing there & I broke a string mid-song but finished it like a boss
STILL A TEENAGE VIRGIN.... Better known as an endangered species.
OH NO! I DELETED 3/4 OF MY SCHOOL FILES! WORLD ENDING! ... oh no. i don't know my own file system. they're right over there. *facepalm*
I was painfully initiated into #boxing, because the guys I fought were a lot bigger than me. Sugar Ray Leonard
Nothing amazes me anymore. :)
#cody what's your favorite store? :D
I am going to email you!
Currently rehearsals, make sure you tune in tonight institute site, 7:30pm EDT.
Yayyyy whats good girly? glad you are on here
it is during prayer that God directs you on which way you should go. if you have not had a success in a while, check your prayer life.
Finished devouring Tacos USA by last night. Awesome book!
that's a bad way
The Kitchen &amp; Bath Channel Debuts iPhone App and Consumer Website Enhancements at the Kitchen &amp; Bath Industry Show in ...
I am watching Firefly, so Nathan Fillion. And maybe a little Adam Baldwin.
Morning brothers. Wind awake smooth on the Canyon. The boat is dry yet? Good morning Blue Pearl, Good morning to All.
Teaching my dad about twitter.
thanks! We're very excited to have her on the team
sorry...Why don't you brag about it. Lol
Principles of color
Getting a lot of girls isn't something to be proud of. But Keeping one it is <U+2665>
They're worth it.
RT : Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses. -Confucius
Learned something new. What songs did he write for them? Were any of those songs hits?
Um Midnight Mass is supposed to start when? Yea ok thought so...
Keep doin the cell phone/Facebook connection thanks to all my new members!
My hair looks like a firetruck underneath
haha! Sure feels like it!!
Somebody to love.
Great, the snow is back *sigh*
Caffeine fueled madness
I Wonder Wat Steven On Today
We have a jeans day tomorrow ?
Ha. YES. Clearly this is his impeccable taste, and not his lack of spacial reasoning skills.
I appreciate you...
thats what's up girls I'm chillin with the family, tipsy as hell, lol have fun
Don't skimp on the sauces, they're all amazing. RT Finally trying Chic-fil-a and am embarrassingly excited
hah. at least you're making art as you go around in circles.
STATE PRELIMS!!!!! :D
i cut mine off, you can do the same <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Finding a song name: Type all the words you know in Google and hope for the best. Oh that's who wrote that song
RT : If ur Seattle company is hiring, I'm helping my brother find a job & would luv to connect u. He has a business/marketing BA!
“La esperanza muere última.” (Hope dies last.) -Jesse de la Cruz
It was good to catch up. How a great night.
Check out nice writer about Motorcycle Stuff
my point exactly.
At practice and the fire alarm had now gone off twice.... Wtf
that gives me the opposite affect... ;-)
plzzz follow me i love u
I I guess when the ball was bunted, the umpire was pointing at the pitcher. Watch it again!!!
i guess
dont you hate it when you try to tell someone how you feel and you just cant, can someone give me advice:/?
individual and social wealth - extending beyond financial to all forms of abundance
Nearly a year ago, one of the happiest days of my life: J-School graduation #cuj11 Congrats to #cuj12 grads!!!
I hope you feel better.(:
Many, many thanks! That child wouldn't be disappointed if he or she had visited your store in person!
of course
I'm jealous of your Trader Joe's run--my closest Trader Joe's is 425 miles away. . .
Lakers let this game slip away
Blepharitis is a condition that is caused by inflammation of the eyelid. It results in red, scaly, and thickened eyelids...
": God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing."
Wait, #alamw10 is this week? Further evidence that I'm not really ready for 2010.
Jake Keefer pulls down Gordon to record his second tacke for a loss. Freshman looks like a quality lineman.
Adele was awesome good job :-)
Fettuccine Alfredo pasta for dinner, yes please!
Us Too! RT : True story, I get a little giddy when the new pops up in my inbox on Thursdays.
Trying to figure out dinner
New years at times square with my brother. Always fun!
That's a tough one RT : Cereal? RT Indy or Pacers, who u got?
Reggae version of Heart Shaped Box at Anodyne. SoundHound didn't know it. Anyone know who this is?
Woo, way to go! RT An 8 mile morning run. Happy Mothers Day to me!
1363- we use to talk all the time your really sweet and adorable :)
Donna Summer lived in Key West? That's where I once lived...never knew that!!
i wish i could stop drinking soda-pop. its like my body craves it, i'm an addict if there ever was one
I've been in meetings and buried in work, all day. What's been happening?
Launching of , supposedly. How do I know it's not Dan Sinker?
At Broadway Cafe, thinking about racing leaves in the gutter down broadway..
Red Convertible GT 2012 Mustang . ^.^
#HowYouKnowYou'reGettingOld When the son of a player you watched as an adult makes his Major League debut.
this boarding process for flight 1258 to STL is amongst the most annoying things I have experienced at an airport
That awkward moment when you make a noise from you mouth and someone thinks it was a fart!
And the AAPL market marches on. They are driving the shorts crazy. We put out another 10% short line on the close.
lame ass responce
Yesterday, the fire alarm went off. Today the water's been off for several hours. Glad I'll be away from the library for the next two days!
I'm seriously thinking about joining the #smartphone crowd.
you can barely see the building behind the garage...
Lol. RT : you too can fit two days into one day. just add coffee!
you're right, I got 99 problems but wet hair ain't one
that is lovely.
yeah it's not like he was whining about Romanowski either. Just giving an example.. I thought his insight was great.
Hey, How come No Posts ?
As much as I'm a fan of the rain, it is nice to look out the window and see sunshine and blue sky.
"The British came, did their thing, and left..." That's the story of #VA during
Good hang tonight with and JS Williams at #zincbar and #fatcat !!!
: I followed you
#imthetype who enjoys ruining my employees lives. I also strive to create 100% turnover at the every 6months.
mother love bone always puts me in a good mood
What a way 2 kick off our season last night! Capacity crowd @ 2640 Space 2 hear play Xenakis.Doesn't get much better than that!
I think the Hungarian dumpling soup worked!
Absolutely. It's the important things.
great job Chief White, thanks for keeping an even playing field for all of Denver's citizens. :-)
Anyone else excited for the Olympics this summer? No one seems to realize its only a few months away. Best sports for tv is Olympics by far.
I want to go to Vegas asap! Need to replay that $800 blackjack hand... Feel the adrenaline
Great meeting you last week! Loved your presentation at #factorcon Looking forward to getting together soon.
AHAHAHA. Except this time, it wasn't to Justin bieber..... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
rain rain go away
RT : I can appreciate the shit outta Maroon 5 playing on Frank Ocean radio!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><<< did you just throw up the yo? Lol
Good things are and will keep happening if you let them.
ty yes i'm italian/sicilian
Hey DC, How are you getting to this weekend. Official bus has been sold out for a bit...
I dont want that relationship where people say we look cute together, i want that relationship where they say we look HAPPY together<3
studio in Atl
Why does everyone think that Ravenclaw's colors are Blue and Black? Its Bronze. The books say so.
lmfao shut up >.<
RT : REALLY enjoying the #lpco12 social media seminar. Lots of great advice from & and
i like the girl that is totally all up in your picture.
I'm not sure if this is a product of aging and forgetting my own memories, but I'm becoming more interested in studying histories.
Thanks for the kind words! Did you enjoy the Doctor?
i wish my sister understood I don't listen to her when she talks 75% of the time.
booked trip to Cancun? CHECK booked flight to Vegas? DOUBLE CHECK country thunder tickets? CHECK all over that =D
wake up sleepy head(;
Dont know details but I DO know I wanna be
Happy Canada Day to all those north of us and Happy 4th of July to all in the U.S.A.!!!!!!!!!!!
When starts talking about wiring large amounts of untraceable money overseas, this is what I do:...
Whoa, whoa. I don't have time to watch or comment. Thank God.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
#help! hates me for saying baseball W wasnt a big deal. I like him on KSR and thought he could BS. #guess not
ready for fotball to start REALLY counting! Let all the KC Chiefs hating start!!
Aw! Fun. I wish I could be there with him. Not fair!
University School, defending state champs, lose 4-0 to American Heritage (Delray) in regional semifinal action.
a purple shirt
the days where you feel as if the whole world is against you , & you're just like #FuckItAll -_-
Darn it. Damn I hate asking for my money back.
At the Keg getting my DVD
Rooney goal was magnificent, but to get dorky, the physics of Zidane's goal made it quite a bit tougher.
Hey B
you're welcome! Thanks for sharing :)
At Pinocchios in Pasadena with tonight. Great room for jazz!!
1D What Makes You Beautiful<U+2665>
hey! shamora how you doing?
#KeyMarkX4 class - Q7: How did KeyMarkX4 get its name?
what's gd pimp
is that dr pepper? :)
I should just be a total asshole
Just got back from Rhode Island packing for Florida now.
The new State Farm discount double-check commercial with Raji is freaking hilarious.
What a great first week. Thanks for such a warm welcome & rcsouthbend!
and checking in with Twitter between big wins.
Also concert etc. confirmed GFA 2013 (june 2013) (homage to my great life long friend Bruce Holzman:) his 40 years teaching FSU WOW!
Just remembered I have leftover seafood fra diavolo in the fridge.OMG. Melt down.
Packing up my office us decidedly not fun.
Sometimes I wonder what you really think about me... :x
I'm creating a new show. It's called "Shower Rangers." It's 30min of girls fighting crime in a shower
You know those people who seem to have it all figured out? Who they wanna be, where they wanna go. That's not me.
Can you DM me as soon as you see this?
but I write essays last minute...plus this was 15 pgs on a ridiculous topic...
Approximately 36,000 people in the US will be newly diagnosed with oral cancer in 2010! Come in and get an oral cancer screening.
blue days, black nights.
I don't like this one bit my mom said I was grounded :/ but who cares
nawl I'm just gonna get a new number and do my thing ... Need even more $$$
yes, I have been back for 3 months,
Thanks for sharing. And as a lawyer in the article says, Chester is the canary.
How do I get out now. There ain't no sign on this sign
I Sent You A DM
Yeah. I remember stopping in NJ on my way to Paris and looking at NYC, just kinda like.. why the fuck do people live in Jersey?!
Is anyone going to Springtime Unplugged on Thursday?
don't think it's healthy to think about it constantly but would be nice if more people tweeted about absurd laws or injustices
you gettin me mad. stop calling me fake b/c you know im the realest friend you got.
aw thank you
GOP really hate #marriageequality. shhh don't tell them It's not 2004!
Gonna see the Bully documentary. Just cause it's Saturday nite doesn't mean I can't be depressed!
I'm f-l-y, and for those who can't spell, I'm a pretty swell guy.
Getting ready for tonights shoot.
I love trying to make things work . Makes me stronger !!
Halloween is less than a week away! What are you going to be? A sexy Nurse, a naughty Schoolgirl, a bad cop, or a wicked maid?
NetExtender not making me very happy today
I don't care if you wanna drive 40 miles an hour but get the fuck out of the left lane!!
Christmas party tonight 730pm upstairs revs richmond! See you all there!
bowls that look like food
3 kinds of programming errors: compilation, runtime, logic. Tonight I found a 4th: It's working perfectly but you're too tired to realize it
like in the ED/hospital? or is "triage specialist" another ego-enhancing label for primary care?
Putting up our Christmas tree.
Great night in
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest. ~ Benjamin Franklin
Hubby wishes he could hide when I come out of the shower and say, "I just got a great idea for a book!"
"Sexy" = I want you. "Pretty" = I like you. "Beautiful" = I love you.
school school school so boring -perla
how terrible.
1 millionth American Archive record: 's "BoomTown: Tri-Cities Thrives In A Down Economy" 2010, Congrats!
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says, 'In case of emergency, notify:' I put 'DOCTOR.'
is taking me to Camp Michigania with her. For this, I indulge her OSU obsession. ;)
hello I was wonder how u go about submissions?
Planning for Accessibility: #a11y needs to be integrated into existing workflows. via
Yeah…and I had a horrible experience last year. Definitely an expensive weekend!
From Middleton PD: A multi-vehicle injury crash at Airport Rd and Hwy 12. All traffic lights out in area. Expect traffic delays.
I'd love to plan a trip w my kids to Disney world. Best wishes!
Heading to the boat today on Geist for some sun & Mojitas!
fresh fruit is the best!
Is it bad I always let the call go to voicemail when I see my father on the caller id?
THANK GOODNESS!!! Ty for the notice. I'll be happy 2 tune back in without MV yelling at listeners all day!
I'll see you in a bit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> mwuahaha
Ahh, just a bit of rain at Morrison... Are they gonna play for the Championship game too or just your 3rd game???
Was just alerted that HEADSHOT is from LAST LIFE IN THE UNIVERSE director. Excitement has surged.
The hardest part of leaving is just Taking breath to stay.
Got a 3 on my EOC ! That's what's up
S/O TO OUR NEW FOLLOWERS!
thanks for the shout out Andy :)
#NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe 1
let me dig it out
Cougar on the prowl stalking the gay guy.
Thanks for the mention, Antone! Do you know about & - my business Twitter accounts?
Finally going to bed yay!<U+E403><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>
Mango mojito...don't mind if I do. :)
I have a bad habit of putting a question mark after everything I tweet??????
Dancers are dedicated, disciplined, and determined. How many people have these qualities? Very few.
Yes, we felt the #earthquake. 3.1, about 12 miles away. All ok.
Oktoberfest turns 40 this year - over the hill and under the influnce
is the buffalo crunch still here this week for #burgerthursdays tomorrow?
Im out of school soo umm ya fuck finals!!!
Last day this Saturday of '04 alum Steven Riddle's "Radiant Fields" @ Nudashank, 405 W. Franklin St., 3rd Floor, Baltimore
Thanks also to everyone who came out to celebrate the Center and bid on some amazing work- it was a great time.
RT : RT : Q6 What are some of your goals for
Friend:I usually brush my teeth before breakfast... Me:Brushing your teeth before breakfast is like cleaning your a*s before taking sh*t! :D
sorry then
#howtokeeparelationship 69 Need I say More!!!
I think that Milgram's trying to say is that people have been and will always have control and that there is evil no matter where you go
is talking dirty Yorkshire to me!
You should add that bit about him blaming it on the intern to your post. It's classic.
Haha no,but that would be cool!!
I followed :) #followme ?
Its Twitter time!!!!! #NoWhammies!
Another wonderful day! It feels good to not have to know anything!
Confidence is KEY whn messin wit ME. Cause I will test 2 ur confidence level nd MOST "FAIL" themselves
Of course. What kind of man would I be without the lash of the whip?
Hello, and thanks so much for following. I think my dream car right now would be a new Camaro SS. That's a fast, mean machine
Yeah, probably. We should meet up at Fridays for a long island.
oh gosh. that made me laugh.
You know an author is good when you finish their book and you instantly want to read something else by them.
Absolutely! If you have any questions, let us know. We're passionate about providing the best possible training!
but. But.....I liked that flip phone!
Getting ready for a webinar with Wordpress plugin developer, Joost de Valk. Should be really good!
You're currently on the homepage slideshow, from our Follow the North Star adventures!
Love of my life, u are my friend
It's the weekend here at The SCoop! This weekend, we've got events with The Summer Set and Matt & Kim! Get excited!
suggestion: use cmd-R to fetch. It's hardwired as the "reload" shortcut
when are we playing football again?
#NCAA needs to check out these refs.
I need someone who understands Im a woman a real woman i know just what i want i know just who i am.....best line in the song
February Brewtopia Social is now on sale for only $12.00! We'll have "Chocolate 'n Beer" on February 24th and 10% off your dinner!
is looking for a Business Banking Sales Support Analyst in our Dallas marker (Bank of Texas) - 505.855.0845
I see you!
He's awake. Had to be taken off the field with a cart. I bet it shattered his forearm.
LoL get it girl
just found an absolutely epic band, through my searching :)
I need a vacation overseas. I miss Amsterdam!
girl that was her sister!
That's our fellow worker in #occupyrichmond! RT : Katie kickin ass as usual!
morning chad! How was the best of your day yesterday?
nahh my dad took my laptop of mee :( #sad but ill watch it tmozzz x
lol good luck!
where you from in wisconsin? i spent many sumers up there in lake geneva (williams bay)
hey! I need your number! Cause everytime I need something I have to tweet you. Lol. But are you staying with Syd tonight?
Watching early Radiohead concert, so rad
A recent study shows that the heart grows weaker everytime we do something opposite of what we feel.
you're just making me feel even guiltier for never watching the wire...
Thanks so much have a great weekend!
Getting ready to do an art workshop at one of the Boys and Girls Clubs!
This is something like the holocaust, millions of our people lost! :D
thanks for following me!
Thanks, Shire! Hope you're having a beautiful weekend! OxoA
Mr. Mysta "Verbal Finesse"
The shit you say but yet your in a relationship…… oh, true
Midtown crews are out there cleaning up. Please use 311 for down trees or large limbs.
. Again, NO mention of police brutality. Recuse yourself from any jury duty.
they are quite epic shoes.
please, promo me
Wow, you like how I just said AN Deal Divas reader because I was mentally pronouncing the @ sign?
hey you! how are you doing?? :) ;) whats new in your exciting world :)
CARLOS I FOROT WHATS ANTONIO'S TWITTER HES NUTZ HOW DO YOU STAND YOUR BROTHER HES JUST TO MUCH AWESOME (U R TO )
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save
That bitch LEBRON he did it again he fucked it up so fuck him and fuck him
Wha? Birthday is June. Always has been. Always will. Sure you got the right Curt? We are legion. ( ???)
Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level. - Peter Drucker
If James Marsden has taught me anything, it's that nothing counts on Leap Day.
what's good money
it's a really big kid league I'm the youngest person in it
Let's Go Caps! How is everyone?
I can't get enough of "twizzle" as a technical term (in Olympic ice dancing commentary).
Say no to scones. They are truly horrible. And they’re mean to the elderly.
I plan on doing a lot shit for my bday.can't wait
you know, I just might!
Submit your ideas for Diamond League Craziness... going to be playing some games with Ahnaris shortly! Tweet at me brah!
Listening to radio on #pandora and #Headin home ...
This album is a bit dated: Cash just told the kids fire engines and Russians are both Red
People need dreams, there's as much nourishment in 'em as food. - Dorothy Gilman
The role of medication in the treatment of ADD / ADHD regulates and normalizes brain activity and is used under a doctor's supervision.
hi lisa happy wednesday to you
No one has ever done good creative with yacht rock swimming in their head. Unless it's for yachting.
Question: Do you use Foursquare (for yourself or business) or do you check in with Facebook? Or both!?
Inspirational quote of the day: Suck what?
Check "GMAD at 25" archival exhibit on Gay Men of Afrikan Descent Awesome context of LGBT social organizing.
Looking forward to a great night! Dinner followed by Million Dollar Quartet
thank you, I hope to be able to one day. I've always wanted to visit Australia :)
Just one little thing... but no... ugh!!
GIRL I MISSED IT TOO!!!! What is this craziness?!?
Whoa did anyone else see tweet about Gary Taubes?
yeah.. :D I'm DEDICATED!! and ooh, interesting.. (;
to far behind! Playing catch up now! no more #snow!!!
Lesson Learned
I hate being anemic. ): I feel way too cold than I already am.
This weekend at the $10adm. or 4 for $20 see y'all tonight 7:30. Headliner Barbara Caryle
Bang! Didnt make it out of the stall. Great remake of the the Dukes of hazard theme song.
Abridged absentee: The short recall election calendar will allow for about 2 weeks absentee balloting, election official tells WR.
ha! I will be now! Its like having a namesake cereal!
It's taking every fiber in my being to wait for to eat this pizza.
Gonna shut off my phone so I can focus.
I just overheard a student complaining about only a weeks notice for a 3-8 page paper. I had longer essay exams than that.
Of Melo's top 10 games as a Knick, the only one in which Amare played was game 2 against Boston. Even then, Amare only played the 1st quart.
Basketball for 4 hours? Ya it's been a good day:)
At 5:30 on #7news, the latest on the Bruins' Nathan Hortono. Out for rest of series. How do the B's respond? at 5:30.
RT #dearnetflix cancelled our membership. Wondering how many others have?
Thank you! Hope you had a great one :) RT : enjoy cinco de mayo!
Hi Lizzy!! Where in the world are you?
Support Reach Out & Read SD's literacy program, come out to Read & Romp at Liberty Station next Saturday. Space is limited so hurry!
On a webinar RE social media. So depressing not being able to utilize social media the way we should! Why do I sign up for these things?
The motto for fixing problems in a game "Better late then never!" *Shrug Shoulders*
#aaa2010 New goal: to coin a term.
a white one lol
Hahaha RT : And then beat you to tweeting about it!
Yes im a really good drawer and i know 4 sure im goin 2 win ima draw a pic ov Roc Royal and post it on fb or twitter!!!!
Happy Monday from the Fujiyama family!
Just drove by "Roberto Clemente High School" in Chicago. Respect for legend even in the Midwest.
And someday, I will change the way people perceive sounds
Is on a VEGAS vacation! Checked into the Hard Rock! Having dinner at AGO and then off to see Love at the Mirage. I love my city!
as long as I get a nerf longshot.
burned 187 calories doing 25 minutes of "Dancing, aerobic, ballet or modern, twist"
*head desk*
Can't believe is graduating from today!
I did thank you!!!
Kyrie Irving was officially named the NBA's Rookie of the Year for the 2011-12 season.
Damn, are there any UK Beliebers online.If yes please tweet me a link of Justins interview where he talks about Jerry.
baby i love you soo much pleasse forgive me x by the way it was my mom who said that not me
A heart ain't a brain, but I'm thinking that I still love you .
No big surprise, but with just under 2 1/2 hours before franchise tag deadline, it doesn't appear will use theirs.
The story Little Red Riding Hood was actually created to keep girls away from sex
Hots & Crafts ALL NIGHT LONG RT : did you lovely ladies scissor?
What kind of society do we live in that I have to work on my half birthday?
What was your favorite play or other game highlights from this weekend's games?
Sweet! Let's do it.
Busy man, I don't have time to worry about not having the business lol. How about up there?
Only 2 hours until college footbal kicks off!
": Taco johns in fondy sux dude at the window is about too get neck punched" can't wait to see that surveillance footage.
They just show LA and Seattle on #xfactor. Hope that Newark tomorrow.
Come support worthy charities and have some fun 's celebrity bowling event Sat at Lucky Strike.
Bizarre dreams.
WATS LOVE GOT TO DO WIT IT WAS THE WORD FOR TODAY CUZ PPL REALLY DNT KNO WAT IT MEAN THEY JUST USE IT CUZ IT SOUND GOOD GOD IS LOVE
Butler vs uconn game isnt such a good game go uconn tho
i never thought i would ever say things like that to my dad. i completely EXPLODED & let all my anger out..
RT : 5 shortcuts to successful social campaign via of : Test. Segment. Amplify. Measure. Nurture.
Thanks Rebecca, good to meet you!
punchin some fkn glass smh who in the fk thinks to do that ?! the glass always wins ! ALWAYS !
what chair did you get at all-state? Oh wait did DB play?
RT : “Same-sex couples should be able to get married.”—President Obama...
420 am bout to take a wax hit
/// OKC might as well put in their 7th string players...
Johnny Cash, I Walk The Line. Thank you, Phoenix on Lee, coffeehouse of mine.
I Was Just Saying The Same Thing .... Smh
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me? Please don't change, ever. ((:
A relationship that starts too fast, ends even faster."
this is the 3rd speeding ticket not including other traffic violations lol
thank you as well! :)
CGQ. Tonight. 9pm. House Pub. St. Charles IL.
It's always a pleasure to work on a project when all team members can freely input suggestions. Thanks BNSF!
When I slouch or stand with bad posture for too long, I feel...
Send in pic of u with a BW entertainer in front of the Boardwalk to go food kiosk to PO Box 22911 Orlando FL 32830 for 50% off 5 day rental
New York, NY- need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 150 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
Shabazz does nothing but score, but you know damn well Noel is amazing. That said, I'll definitely take Bennett!
I work till 10am tomorrow so I can come over right after?
Wtf is wrong with my throat.
I'm at Lobster Fest at Red Lobster with and Annabelle. Cheese Biscuits!!! Plus other stuff.
are you in NY? and I are doing an event together in June!
"I have a bath every time it rains, sir." the politician
Just curious but wondering why you no longer accept applications for new Topix editors, according to your FAQs?
Big ups to the homie Sealing the deal against the #Blazers = #clutch. Solid time at the #clips game tonight.
Happy Friday. We are getting ready for the AHIP conference next week. Lots of really good things going on here.
Omg this boy is like a girl! Takes FOREVER to get ready!
Happy Anniversary, Husband of mine. I love you!
Lord knows
is it possible to get to follow ? no? please
Please don't let stupidity of snarky responses deter u from bringing us future food porn!
lucky dog!
RT Thoughts from #completionbydesign meetings: completion pathways need to be easier for students to understand.
Good morning friends.
Yes, we do. Look for us under "Phil's Friends" on FB.
How old are you in your dreams?
Instead of 'LOL', Why don't you try LOLWKASF? "Laughing Out Loud While Keeping A Straight Face".
I thought for a seco nd that said Licking..... then I was gonna agree with her. LOL
Fascinating, Sarah, thanks!
Research EdgeRank. There is an algorithm within FB that pulls certain content to top of the news feed. Weight, Affinity & Time
LMAO! Gabriel is average, what makes her stand out, then? : first Gabriel now Lebron, you are delusional today!"
Going live with #IPv6 this week!
I'm glad you agree Momma Lori, it makes you wonder what's going through their head <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Wine and DELICIOUS snacks! Being Greek is going to be great.
We are now on application #130016 - Craig Martin.
what an insult to by the lakers organization knowing that he is going to be traded.
Only 75 cappers posted plays in NBA & NHL gives us only 1 consensus on the Spurs..See ya @ the window
For ex.- I use "efontno" now, a kind of Dewey spelling of my first initial and last name. Would this be clear enough to signal I'm a lib?
kicking out bums since 2004
u the man homie
RT : Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.~Confucius
Will you just be doing simple abductions? Do you need soundproofing? Shackle package? - van salesman
You hate Humphrey? No.... He's different in Sabrina. Sort of. I think there's a beauty in his sameness.
So, after mocking you last week, I know find myself in the position of having to move EAD to CSV. Any words of wisdom?
Agreed. So great to be out on the court again!
Not yet! (at least over here!) RT : Is it almost 5?
I might :) hey, I need to see some drivers Ed homework since I've been absent please? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Donna summer died :0
I'm watching on #KTTV 4:00 PM today (Los Angeles)!
Bored tired hungry!! haha peace Justin Bieber<33
i appreciate it..and hell yea it would be hot..dylan hot fire to be exact lol
“: Also it's dope af s/o to dope track man #rep412” - thank you, glad you rockin'
I am, but I've met a few snakes who slithered in . . .
island in the sun. <3 c:
Fear for their families and relatives, is the main reason why victims often hesitate to get help. Help help them!
Gotta love the WMATA/SG Atlantis comparison. Will definitely make things more interesting when I have to call again.
you are the funniest guy ever i love agents of secret stuff!!! plz make a sequal
I must say the premise of Melancholia reminds me of On The Beach, one of my favs, but also depressing
Thanks, Kathy. I appreciate the support and encouragement. Glad you liked my pic of Mt Tabor too. I love foggy mornings & trees.
Still in Europe bro?
Awsome Russ, thank you..It's being released digitally worldwide today..I've very excited..I'll have to thank Leighton..xo
O no...its ok, don't worry about making ya point...I'm gona liv 4eva!¡!
If you haven't heard me rap, you're missing out.
I got chicken nuggets and you have trail mix
Thanks! RT : Friday Follows -Cheers !:
And "Woof!"? Hehe
Thanks for thinking of me -- I held onto all my Amazon shares. Whoo hoo! Between $AAPL and $AMZN I'm rockin it.
Yeah Of Course
Long lines at SFO can only mean one thing. Homeward bound!
Rondo is ridiculous
oohh That's cool! I keep sending them nice auditions but they don't seem to like me haha :)
I don't know why Underdog even bothers with Sweet Polly. She's annoying.
Headed to D-town on a business trip
I thought so.
they were really good. Very cool to see live. Lots of energy.
OH I FUCKING MISS YOU! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Wish they would've picked somebody besides Kristen Stewart to play Snow White in the new movie.
I'm Mitch MOTHERFUCKING Grosser
Why the fuck am I wide awake right now.... How is this possible...??!!!.$:!
we so should
Always stay ready so you don't have to get ready.
Robin Scherbatsky, she's Canadian...and awesome!
Yes, it's a fabulous way for an author to add personal texture their story. Tx for your interest, Hal!
Apparently there is a #FKNOSM announcement coming from #Facebook right now.
Hooray for this weekend!! Can't wait!!!
Watching another soccer game, freezing my butt off
where can I tune in to catch your show?
Double shot espresso n a donut for dinner. Livin the highlife like sunny ade.
Robstown's one-game baseball playoff against Needville has been moved from Cuero to Rockport-Fulton at 5 pm today.
Your drive has to be faster than your thoughts....one wrong thought and you'll slow down...
Just finished the fourth book Inheritance in the #inheritancecycle. 849 pages. Half that in two days. Amazing book. Especially if I cried.
Obama is going to Seattle today, too. Maybe we can hang.
I really want to but haven't looked into anything I will tho
Is the Essence Music Festival in New Orleans a good event to display fine artwork? #New Orleans
Re-reading Perkins-Valdez's WENCH, which I'll lecture on at in June! MT What book are you reading now?
#mlanet12 #toughdecisions I understand I am attending Tweet up virtually as I will be at the President's Reception.
ya know I live in west Virginia :P u all should come visit sometime
Recommending a step outside....
The jobs, it turns out, are in the public sector. How about some funds to hire back teachers and cops and firefighters?
depending on the size of the file you can load multiple pieces into one tweet
It's hard to distinguish between & at times.
Nobody knows the thoughts that have gone through my head whenever I'm sad, and how horrible they really are......
ma anche no.
Tune into ESPNews right now to see Andrew Luck's #1 WR & the fastest WR at the NFL Combine, Chris Owusu
RT : I use to be afraid of being a girls' sponsor! Then i grew up! <<Amen!
soupcan is still a mlb player?
"Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day" Little things can make the world a better place
ooh built in sharpener! Fancy :) I love crayons!
Keep praying for Chuck Colson & family. -- As Chuck would say "Remain at your posts & do your duty—for the glory of God & His Kingdom."
Fields you bum
Anyone else having issues w their pic? First it deleted mine, then when I tried to change, it reverted to the old and wouldnt let me change
my head has been down N the books hard 2.1 more week! Yes! Do you have the APA manual. Great investment !
hungry & tired
Site still says that it is offline. Doesn't look good.
If you need to drive on roads or attended public schools or get mail, you are dependent on government.
MODELS INTERESTED IN BEING SHOT BY PLEASE BOOK BY CALLING 347 - 445 - 7275 OR EMAIL :
Definitely a gorgeous sight, as well as your fabulous aquarium!
Nice shot of the food and beverages. Thanks so much for coming out and helping us make it a memorable night.
gives you another chance to grab cash in the Money Machine at tonight’s Wizards game. We’ll be there!
I will never forget the passion and excitement that Junior Seau brought to every play of every game. Such a tragic end to a memorable life.
212 were key numbers on Touch. A good omen for
Sometimes I wish life had subtitles (and in a big font)!
Or smears it ALL over your face!!!
Just signed up, I have a good feeling about your guys' future
power's out. Looks like I'm not having any AC tonight.
Very cool Diner shot :)
#ThingspeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves when my friend sighs before saying a world. ex:Sigh, i love cats, sigh i have school 2morrow >:! annoying!!
I started this semester with #IU sick, and I'm ending it sick.
if you do...our plans will fall through. Lol if you don't...we'll see the boys tonight
Can someone send me a little inspiration, please?
guys who are good with kids >>> makes them like x10 hotter.
nothing just going through pictures, you?
it's really a great feeling when i'm encouraged and inspired every day at work. vast change from my last place.
peace and light
a real business woman....racks on racks....Get it !!
After eating my way through New Orleans, airport food grosses me out.
Gotta head to #happyvalley for the weekend to keep things under control... I'll be back #pittsburgh don't worry...
if Phx scores again this series is over
It looks like the 14th Amendment is up for grabs this year. I'm taking it back away from the Corporations who have abused it...
I never know what I do wrong
NWST: Husky Spring Game post-mortem / on #Seahawks , #NFL Draft Grades / vs #Rays 930 / 11pm KONG
I feel it..still grindin it out huh?
#PlansForTheSummer have fun while I'm still a minor. Have more fun when I'm legal. Randomly disappear from this valley like I always wanted.
"Good habits r not made on birthdays-The workshop of character is everyday life-The uneventful & commonplace is where the battle is won/lost
This is going to break me clean in two. This is going to bring me close to you.
for all *I* know you *could* be a terrorist!
Thank you so much for reading! You've got a treasure trove:)
That's why I love twitter.
Sorry. Meant to respond sooner. The name challenge is OK. We plan to kick it up a notch in two weeks. Have any good ideas?
Uh, yes? I mean. YES! All houses need bunk beds and a gumball machine Big style. Also, Zoltar machine.
The best mirror is an old friend. -English proverb
Mary Nell Bryant with Children's Hospital Alliance of Tennessee speaks to support One with Courage
Monarch beats Castle View 14-10 in boys lax
Busy week with a lot to do. Great weather helps!
hey hey hey hey i love you. k bye (: <3
Money is money
I <U+2764> NASHVILLE!
Happy Birthday Kenny (: Love you too (:
No perfect game for Humber tonight
RT We love you AND your big mouth! (Fave tweet of this librarian-centric day).
I cannot bring myself to listen to anything but foreigner, Aerosmith, journey, or queen. Can you blame me?
Thanks to everyone who came to Film Journeys last night , it was a great film/discussion--we'll do it again next month.
actually I'm thinking that being done for the day will be the winning strategy.
oh ya so thats midnight your time. yes they are playing it now and will then and I might sing live
Playing the entire Beastie Boys discography in the brewery today. #RIPMCA We'll miss you.
Thanks for the follow :) You may also follow me on We are happy to assist with any #Dell concerns. Have a great day! LM
“: Freshmen students texted their mentors (juniors/seniors) to let them know how their first day of school was"
There have been around 80 shots fired in the city since the first of this year or March first of this year. I didn't really catch that.
Definition of #entrepreneur: stays at work instead of watching
"Power Interviews" and "You are not the person I hired" two book recommendations from
#Celtics No Ray Allen or Rondo tonight
MSNBC now has a hospital spokesperson who confirms Giffords is still alive.
"Happy Easter"
got it now:)
yup watchin pawn star reruns.
All aboard? Centennial Week launches April 9-15 with #Titanic films, passenger interactions, replica radio demos, and more!
I am? I feel obliged
God bless to all de Earth. Enjoy this 48 hours of no work.
Yo Randy, Show some DurbinatorLove! He was in it to win it! Still is in our eyes!!
omg marin,i cant wait to see you tomorrow :D
I'm thinking of writing a blog about the 150 #tea at . Who thinks that's a #goodidea?
LOLL im nt finna entertain sir nuthin for it
hello . how's your day?
Perhaps pursuing aesthetics = pursuing authenticity as humans? So, to overlook the purpose of beauty is to deny our humanity?
Doing better and staying busy! Thanks for the get well tweets!
hahaha who's the cutie in the new avi <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
First week on the job Got all my IT stuff working. Ready for the world. Hello world! There, I said it.
com — Emotions: We’ve seen them as primitive passions, the unfortunate legacy of our animal past 9 hr 51 min ago View in Crawl 4
still kicking
people need to stop bitching about the facebook timeline...its the same shiz.
Thank you. He is. :)
#gg2011 yeah! This whole children and nature stuff...kind of rocks! ;-) what do you thin?
Revival. (: Can't go a day without listening to it !
I love Adobe Story.
THIS FRIDAY 9:30 @ the PIT : $3 beers w your ticket stub, Chris & Paul, Harvard Sailing Team via Skype, Only Son, Adrienne Iapalucci & more!
Congrats to the talented team at for the launch of #BikeScore!
Join us for Talk Time every Tuesday in April at the Main Library at 2pm. For non native speakers to practice English and meet new people.
Your friends are dry lol JK
what hospital is he at?
Soon those butterflies will turn into bats.
I really dislike that feeling I get when I leave the casino and the sun is already up
Need a road trip audiobook that both I (Barry Hannah, Denis Johnson) and my mom (Mary Higgins Clark, Lisa See) will like. Suggestions?
OMG THE QUARTERBACK IS PUNTING
And the fact that someone let him use it.
I'm glad they can be an inspiration to you!
"nobody thats been a pile of shit their whole life than suddenly turned it around because of the commencement address."- daniel tosh haha.
really Lakers. really. YOU'RE MY TEAM! C'MON SONS.
Oh sh*t! This Sunday, it's Tom Brady vs. Tim Tebow. The only difference between them is, Tebow believes in God...and Brady is God.
ohh that's awesome !
Bev says " the shop is a zoo today " well all is as it should be then! LOL
Grand opening of Tivoli Taste & Toast Thursdays 5-8pm Farmers Market w/ a twist 302 S Rampart
Oh. New York. Your energy is intoxicating and absolutely exhausting. Catch you on the flip side.
Thank you for the mention! Much appreciated!
having too many ideas can be just as stagnating as having none at all. #GetFocused -L.A. White
#first40songsonshuffle 15. left boy - wonderful song
I would have to say something!!
as incredibly intoxicating as you are in a brilliantly written series, the twitter'ers will be BANGING down your door! BRAVA!
nauseating for sure
north korea's lost it.
Take a break from burning the midnight oil and visit us for the "Be the Match" event. there's food here!
Just read 6 weeks of people magazine letters to the editor from 1983. No responses to their article on harriet wilson
i hope one day you will see this tweet...or now...I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! #callmemaybe ?
James K. Polk - through sundry means managed to define the territorial boundaries of continental US. in one term.
Are you a light switch? Cause no...no...you're a person sorry i can't find the damn light switch...
yes sir its coming very soon
im having a great day
Salesforce: Triggers enforce good citizenship. If code line doesn't pass tests, team is locked out. "It's a good shaming model"
it's truer than true. :)
HELL YES! I called them immediately & had a full out argument with them! It's bullsh*t.
Listening to your record right now...in a word: OUTSTANDING.
Headline mash-up of the day: "Soccer Helps Kids Get Over Catholic Priest"
Thanks for RT, Aaron
I'm standing next to my brother now. We are stage right, second level, next to the bar.
Graduation dress shopping
Loved the prayer: Oh Lord, help me, the ocean is so great, and my boat is so small.pg.79. Never heard it. Fits everything.
We're having a photo shoot! Any idea on what to do or where to go?
Seems to me like a lot of people had a good time last night. Lol.
And thanks for the outstanding training in population and family health, which I put to use just about every day
It looks like it though! lol
Seriously, though...why the fuck ARE there so many songs about rainbows?
I wonder when gon kick it
Michael Love this version! Thanks for sharing!
Soccer Mom to Narcisse is the dunk of the day.
I haz a friend with me. Yipee!
“Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.”- Paulo Coelho
My Chemical Romance-sing is AWESOME!!!
Don't fuck with the Pennercakes
the four Americans held on hijacked yacht are killed, according to US military
Refs really screwed Kentucky with those two calls.
thanks for RTing the job openings!
Need to clean? Hire us!
Craving a McDonald's big mac and fries right now :(
Floyd & Fitzgerald nice combination in Arizona.
Man I lost my head phones:(
hes still been chukin this series
Anti-gay group doesn't like JC Penney now? Hell, I think I'll go spend some money there. Bigots can kiss my ass.
awesome game tonight... So fun watching you and the rest of the bombers!!!!
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.
Nice polish!
santero is killing it, madrone loves him. and he will be missed dearly.
Glad to see you on Twitter, Peter. I should put your FB postings into Google Translator so I can keep up with you! Hope you're well.
Powerstrip found, desk rearranged! Now recovering from asthma attack brought on by dust-raising.
My spidey senses are tingling......
Showing movie previews in rainy Seattle. You'll be surprised how many sexy women loves Johnny Depp's Rango. That's animated and odd.
reading this as I drive through Monson! Lol. and I missed our exit back to ny. LOTS OF TAGSALES HERE. DEAL$
4 tweets in an hour
I don't think today could get any better. Such a happy girl today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
well you can creep on me anytime. I'm quite interesting.
RT : Garza work on bunt PFP, under watchful eye of locker neighbor/team shrink Strickland. Insisted worm-kill throws not mental.
and i thought i was the only one who inhaled chocolate while playing music lol
Trouble is a part of your life, and if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you a chance to love you enough.
haven't seen one good joke yet today.
Come at me one more time..
#wyrdbees 'Fire & Honey' or 'Honey Sunset'/'Sunset Honey' or 'Springtime in New England'.
Unless religion can be at home in the home, no amount of religion in the Temple can save us.E.Stanley Jones.
Power has been out in our Rockville apartment for 3 hours! What's up #pepco?
Is anyone else in Milwaukee having issues with Verizon's network today?
i'm still a bofa customer (not for long), and i've never seen one in san diego (or CA for that matter).
What the fog? Slowest bus ride ever.
"Obama declares support for gay marriage" #yahoonews Was he inspired by WILL & GRACE?
Just finished watching house of 1000 corpses with my boy and my cousin. That was epic! I wanna watch something happy like To Wong Foo now.
Sasscer, Clagett & Bucher (SCB) is the oldest law firm in Prince George's County, Maryland.
sunny friday afternoon + a bowl full of first-of-the-season cherries = blissful
Looking for an opportunity to share your story? Speaker of the House Tillis is holding a town hall mtg on Nov. 16 @ Morrisville Fire Station
congrats brother!
thanks for everything, friends!
The Denver Nuggets have never beat the Lakers in the playoffs that's unbelievable
(sideeye) um yeah...
Klout thinks I'm highly influential about Colorado even though I've never been there. Honestly, if I tweet about Colorado, ignore me.
Trying to explain why you aren't guilty to the police is like trying to convince a newborn that crying is illogical...
because they're the knicks. Makes too much sense, so it won't happen.
“: happy birthday!!!!” thank u hun
Way to go, James!
RT if you remember this 3OH!3- Don't Trust Me lyrics: via
“Young people tell what they are doing, old people what they have done and fools what they wish to do”
Jaffa cakes for breakfast, yeah why not.
I hate the way everyone thinks Miami is paradise.
Don't worry, everyone is insecure. You'll be alright. ;D
My eyes and my lip are so swollen. It really looks like bad plastic surgery.
Just woke up with ma fur on and no recollection of last night....keepers you're a bad habit that I can't quit
hey hey! I'm always around!
Boy how about you give me a chance?
great show today on Daytime
awe thank you sweetheart!!!
everyone thinks having long hair is amazing, no it's not -.- it's terrible. #Sissors,WhereAreYou?
What Do You Mean? (: xx
Louis is prob jelly of Rami now ;) RUN! RT : Watching a film and keeps touching my leg. It's not weird though...
[WATCH]: Ehrlich, Hansen, Lovelock: We Must Build &quot;An Entirely ...
thanks! I think we're OK for now but maybe in the future!
Funding: The Skillman Foundation for the Detroit youth law clinic.
yeah I know
So how're you doing? <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
oh no!!! Whats next?
we do we do!
Looking for 4 super singers for major project with Island/Def Jam
What's a croc without a charm?
Follow is back, Much Appreciation, Have A Great Weekend!
#cardcont struck by the thought that if twer not for i would not be able to identify the continuum. Cardigians ?
Babe I love u so much you are the best thing in my life and I never wanna loose you, I hope we can stay like this for ever
Oh my stars and garters!
If you use Auto-Tune, I'm not interested.
"You taste like whiskey when you kiss me, oh I'd give anything again to be your baby doll," -You and I ((:
Think Chic-fi-la tea finally starting 2 wear off, time 4 some rest have 2 wake up 5:30am.Lord I'm thkg u n advance 4 helping me thru 2morrow
I won't even lie my elbow hurts but I'm not doing that to his insurance.
i bought my prom shoes today !!!!! :)
un following me because e has no soul
“: You're an awful person.” first man to ever utter such a sentence.
we have HPPOs for your team and a t-shirt for you! Just tweet us tomorrow when you have a few minutes to meet up!
Love my red wine hair colour...wethenonywe
How do you hit on a girl in the weight room without looking like a tool?
From Wizards of Waverly Place! Both will be up this week! :)
#20ThingsIlove: Getting a "good morning" and "good night" text. It's great to know I'm the first or last thing on your mind each day.
have a goo show at #nighttown. Can't make it... Got a gig tonight. :(
Well . Still at the library hangin out w/ Taja <3 hopefully mommy is here before 8:30 at least .
RT : All great leaders know that enthusiasm is contagious. That also know that lack of enthusiasm is too.
Chocolate or Vanilla?
I guess I'll sit on the patio and watch him play ugh
can you do anything to help capture this #kony2012 ... U got a powerful voice too! Please help Kim!
Tell me something good!
that was my biggest challenge with the tomato and mozza salad from Becky's!
me and mike have bonded ur to late. He won't join u
Sorry for delay... it is something like $10 to win $180, w/ sixers and phils winning outright, flyers covering 1.5.
lol it's not really that much..i guess i just love doing it! And i knoww i've met so many amazing people because of them!
aye yo I need some liquor you gonna go get some lol
It will be interesting to see who goes tonight.
solid. i would like to see a Boy(girl) Band performance at burlesque, complete with synchronized dance moves.
Congrats on your new album #OpenInvitation . Hope all is well homie. Keep up the hard work!
I have a friend from the province of New Brunswick; people thought she came from NJ Turnpike Exit 18.
Happy Birthday to my fave East Coast Dodger gal ! double double & animal style fries w/ a candle on top R waiting 4 ya in LA :)
I'm leaving the office later today to take an unofficial visit to Culvers.
Every show is random. but this one is gonna be extra random. letting the program pick the songs. we'll see what we get.
Street Fighter: Chun Li is on. Gonna Savor Chris Klein overacting for a spell.
We have a huge table of refreshments out! C'mon down!
#Carmel ladies and men who like the ladies...are you coming to Ritz Charles tonight? Free free free! Say hi to me!
I love the story. :) x
Good morning :) off to the shower <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><U+263A>
MT Let's prank-arrest some of these #Occupy kids Let them feel noble and then say, "Nah,too inconsequential."
. #Storage Grt blog post. Lots of VC funding going into storage startups and interesting 2 c who's backing who.
RT : Thanks for the amazing feast yesterday! cc
while dormant over the summer months is back. We'll be broadcasting innovative student research and ideas throughout the year.
IBM Introduces New Foundation For Mobile Computing
See you later, lovers, followers and haters ! Off to see my therapist...Oh, the bountiful relief of psychology !
Alpha dog is always a good movie choice
and I'm pretty sure the truth will set us free...! Is it dumb that the clichés are true?
God has resolution for your pain, a cause for your struggle and a gift for your faithfulness. Don't give up! Press on.
I know we're not dating but when ever I see someone else flirting with you, I want to shoot them in the face.
RT : named Design Friendly School in this month's Check out the new iPad app for free....
What up tonite
Eating my second salad of the week #whoamI?
Sixteen (16) weeks remain before Mrs. International 2012 is crowned!
2012 Kentucky Derby: Motion, Matz follow successful patterns with Went the Day Well, Union Rags
DM We have two employees with autistic children. Are you aware of open-source curriculum providers or proven strategies & tactics.
Armando Garcia happy birthday it is my birthday and my daughters birthday also A great day!
Happy International Women's Day
hahah oh gosh well at least you didn't order like me -.- lol
On this date in history: WBEN (now WIVB) began regular programming in Buffalo in 1948. It was only the nation's 25th station!
the house just opened - it's showtime!
Did you use the salsa or an extra cup of water?
I'll fight til the bitter end.
Me and my son starving over here anybody wanna bring or come cook us breakfast before it get too late
What the hell! I slept well and ate and exercised well yesterday. WHY DO I HAVE SUCH A BAD HEADACHE?!?!?
Real friends r the only reason u have no food but fake friends don't want ur food
Hollande! Let's hope Merkel is the next to go.
Oh, aaahhhh, check out my new natural whipped body butters in acai berry and oatmeal honey, yum! Non-greasy, leaves skin silky and soft.
love the show. how unique is it to interview celebrities in Brooklyn NY .
what do you have to say about leinart and palmer being reunited in oakland lol
Woody Allen on #WOSU, Yeah!
MT Annual cost of air conditioning in Iraq and Afghanistan wars greater than NASA budget n.pr/mqbxh6
The wife had me gather laundry to do while hanging out with , but it appears that didn't happen..
If no one likes school why do they have it? Some teachers don't even like school!
All these Christmas trees upside down in garbage cans covered in plastic is making me feel a little uneasy.
* i must of been outta my mind
is workin real hard to make my top 5
#RespectTheHustle RT : Anyone need an essay written? Hit me up!
Would really love to win giveaway for #Telluride Blues & Brew fest for my lady friend and I. Never been out west so please help!
yeah...if only I was the driver...
Hold not thy peace, O God of my praise; for the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened against me with a lying tounge
Getting a goat with your book is such a bonus! They're so cute.
What's up
It's Wednesday morning and I'll drink scotch by myself if I want to.
I will never understand why people announce how they are breaking the law/ rules on Fb. Are they that arrogant?
... Sorry Larry King, Justin V. the best pitcher in MLB. has won the Cy Young award already..
Good Friday morning! Exclusive interview w/ documentary film maker who filmed Gov. Walker saying "divide & conquer"
got skype or facebook chat?
Jus chillin this vegas weather is crazy
ill be waiting! :)
why are you watching south park instead of the game?
Sold 2 more doll beds today :) so so happy!!
A song AND a video!? Check out CHI-Town proud and singing #BabyItsColdOutside on
April 17 I believe.
thanks send specifics for business card to 2-3 Business day turn around after i receive all info
So close to being done for the summer... I can do this!! Trying to crank out this homework so I can semi enjoy my weekend
just because i have a couple bad habits doesn't mean i have an addictive personality.
I need to start tweeting more! Ugh as if I don't have enough distractions in my life!!
so basically u gotta walk on egg shells fot tami then??? Sad
My view is... You only get a Hangover when you STOP drinking. Therefore the solution is quite simple ;)
Follow ! she follow back !! and if you follow her i will tell one direction to follow you! in less than 2 hours!
i never give anything up on the first date... but on the second date im all over you.
Also, I'm currently licensing all intellectual property rights associated with the concept of Chappaquidditch (TM).
": doing sports on #News4at11(Yes, this is happening.)" Love Jim Vance whatever he is reporting!
I need to ride the saturday night metro circus more often...
Everyone follow M_Diryawish he's sexy and next to me (;
I was thinking the same thing. Unfortunately, I think when it comes down to it in a game like this... its coaching.
I Hate My Face.? well, I wouldn't say I absolutely hate it, but I'm no supermodel, that's for sure.
I'm digging MP3 multiplayer. Nice change of pace and has me more excited for what GTA V's multiplayer might be like.
Jlo's new album sucks. #nowplaying ... I WANT BRITNEY TO HAVE MORE NEW LEAKED SONGS!
Yes big we can!
yes! Look for details soon for May's Mob in the next week
Blessed in all ways...feels good to be focused and watch everything unfold the way it should
thanks! Great to hear that you enjoyed the preso.
Saw the "best" award and funding...congrats! Going to SXSW? We now living in Austin.
great article! Lots of good stuff in there.
what up bro bro
A woman's rash prompts her plane to be quarantined at Midway! I'm live with what really happened. Hear from the woman who started it all!!!
Hes the super beaver
I would like to think so
Done for the day. I think I will stay up late and watch movies. I hope for rain tomorrow.
Of course they do! We've got multiples capturing work inside AND outside #TACC's new data-center-to-be. :]
Um, yeah yeah
Why do people act the way they do. I just don't get it. #growup#
I hate it when that happens - lmao!
Thoughts on this - I handed out 40 packets door to door w/ 2 options to contact me - opt-in link 4 more info or my ph #. 14 ph calls/1-optin
we're finally drunk enough that, we're finally soaking up the hours that everyone else throws away.
The absolute best night in panama was tonight :)
Can't promise anything!
Exactly! But apparently the people who mock me think they know.. :) RT Normal? What the hell is that?
RT : is looking for a cost-conscious, New York or tri-state area mom with kids under 10 for its Novembe ...
U should French kiss your girl pussy way... better than you kiss her in her mouth!
shout out to every reporter who calls it "coming out" in support of gay marriage. Also, yay!
Best Friend? Someone who knows everything about me and still likes me.
I would rather be welcome in Heaven, Israel is NOT Heaven it's only another country build on stolen land.
Bring Me The Horizon & Parkway Drive tickets just went on sale! wontlookbackbooking.frontgatetickets.com
When a hour nap turns into a 5 hour nap.
well you have to turn all that stuff off then you record your video with your voice and then record it again separately :P
Isn't it fun to go shopping for those smaller sizes?! :)
Get your tickets now for a thrilling showdown of WWE in MTS Centre, Winnipeg, Canada tomorrow. Call us right now: 888-493-0004
I'm not just a Hutcher & you guys aren't just other fans. We're one big family. If you need anything, don't hesitate to tweet me. I'm here.
was this before or after the game of 1 on 1?
Listening to Jeff Zuber at the Grange Cafe in Duvall
Me and my frnds gnna crash this dudes 's Party 2 mrrw! We gone be some party crashers
More than 150,000 Americans die of alcohol abuse each year. But in more than 10,000 years of usage, no one has ever died from marijuana..
Caldo De Res >
Name another Item could replace w/the baseball in his campaign logo since he never played
All of these Van Halen tickets got us wondering...what's your favorite Van Halen song?
RIP Whitney Houston #ripwhitney My heart goes out to her family and friends.
I'm just straightforward with them about who I am and what I do. I provide the sources and they're happy. Most people ...
to be fair, I'm pushing myself too, because i'm tired of the pain, but the pain doesn't get better. I'm getting stronger though..
Then its not a sandwich!
Man i wuz just watchin when victoria appears on zack and cody and they kiss she so cute and beautiful man!!!!!!!!!!
kidding about your looks you always look like an angel & ill take your word for john didnt know it was ok to wear a hat to work
Tired: sending email to Steve Jobs.
Yes, I've heard the English are very antagonistic toward cops. I think the cops/protesters dynamic is wasted energy.
Christmas is only 3 months away!
My treacher just finished explaining to me how mature I am; now I'm laughing at the word poop
excited for april fool's day sales! do you know of any?
her hopes on the tight rope not knowing when i would just give up and move on for the easiest vagina out there im lucky enough to had such a
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 10
Downloading Music Manager for Google Music Beta... WOOT!!!
#ThingsILookFor A guy who knows how to treat a woman with respect
tickets go on sale June 2 at 10am!
I wonder why I even try sometimes
AWWW HUNEY! hehehe thats the sweetest thing anyone has said to me. hahahaa i love ya too darl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Walking out of work. Man. I hate the Lakers.
Aren't road trips at this time just absolutely fabulous?
you guys are sick
"Everything plays out exactly how I want them to. Everything turns out dope"
if anyone has video or pics of the storm how should they send it to
One more week of school
MT are hosting a free EMYP CPD event Thursday 10th November. City of Lincoln Council will be presenting on the Lincoln Townscape Assessment.
Stop lookin in the wrong places *cough cough southside* « No really I get all crazy dudes! This has to stop immediately.»
get in tune
When is doing another Twitcam? It's been forever since he's done one.
Sunday, Sunday, Sunday please don't turn into Monday.
<U+2605>HARRY STYLES<U+2605>
Q3: You can use WiDi to quickly connect your laptop to your TV wirelessly streaming content.
is back on the sofa, smoking fags, watching NCIS while smacking down youtube jihadi accounts. Or "smoking" them, if you prefer. Gidit? Ha Ha
And act like the men they defeat while becoming part of the Washington "culture."
Check us out on the web @ www.surfdash.com
Man I'm tired of this shyt
thnx Leigh!!! Cannes catch up when I get back?? :-)
AMC Greenlights Pilots for Two New Crime and Legal Series
I follow 4 a follow!
#ThadieNewton and #IdrisElba are my inspiration.
:: Pain is temporary ::
and illegal dogs occasionally.
RT : Congratulations on the appointment of #CFO Bruce Harmon as Chairman of the Board, announced in bit.ly/vYmf0g
I hate my sinuses!! Ugh!!
#4famouswords -- Are we there yet?
whale whale whale what do we have here :}..
#bizethics First day of tracking consumption patterns? Get after it, Biz Ethics students!
Heard you got shoulder surgery, hope everything went well player.
Excited to be part of the conversation at DMI's Design at Scale, great kickoff at the studios of !
of course ur a cutie lol
Grandma's having babies... Only on
I missed the Golden Globes as well! I wish I could see the whole thing, but I only seem to hit upon snippets of it on youtube.
Calder makes me happy too! I like the stabile in the rooftop garden at SFMOMA
this picture would be so awesome if it was just
Can't find the words cuz they all been spoke
it should be about generating community and conversation
Just bought my tix for the Hunger Games on Friday! Hope this weeks goes fast...
Shoutout To My New Followers !!1
RT : The Rockefeller Foundation Launches $100 Million Initiative to Support the Strengthening of Health Systems in Africa and Asia
excuses excuses
Happy birthday! Cheers!
My ass hurts from sitting on this floor for like 5 hours.
I thought I was having a bad night. However, I then realized I'm not Will Ryhmes.
Full band this Saturday @ Luckenbach Texas from 1-5pm. Shade trees, cold beer & live music - it's gonna be a helluva day!! Hot dog!
in the green room waiting to do the #bigdata meetup Hilton downtown 615ab come see the HUMAN SEARCH ENGINE!
Me and my friend had a fight.... it sucks because now who am i supposta talk to at lunch now? omg.
deff let's do it I need Kerri Capone in my life
God bless you family
You do realize it's nearly 3 1/2 years since diagnosed "Weeks to Live" in October 2008
Thanks for a fantastic bday weekend, filled with and friends! I'm very lucky.
Record high in Portland, OR '82'.... In Dayton, OhIo FREEZE Warning...
dude i want a picture with him now that i saw yours lol
Hi Jim, thanks for the follow. If I can do anything for you or your business, just let me know #VO #voice over
Don't go. I'll eat you up; I love you so.
I know it's only Monday, but I can't help planning out a mini vacation for the upcoming weekend with i-deal from
K yeah before I sleep.. Does anyone have tumblr? Follow me -ForeverCelinee <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
so what does this mean? for $100 you get unlimited beer, wine, hard alcohol and food
Shoot must I say you have low standards :o I think you're scared of getting hurt ?
Top O tha Morning to ya #ABQ!!
yea it is
Until you walk a mile in another man's moccasins you can't imagine the smell
Laying my life & my will down at the feet of #Jesus today. Praying for #wisdom & courage to be obedient to my purpose through his desires.
I've given up on having nice things for awhile...
thanks for the add. Great sound, plus we have a song called fine shined shoes, and just liked the sound of your name.
glad that you got my earlier tweet as the thank you that it was intended to be. If you speak to BKV, tell him I said thanks also.
I like chicken :)
Hubby & I are looking at flights called "military hops" to get to Germany this Fall. We'd sit in the space left after the tanks are loaded.
Flames on the top deck of the Bay Bridge!! Woah.
very funny guys...sad thing is, 1time I said wanted 2go 2 it cause I want2dress up&wear a nice hat..haha
Gearing up for another road show! This is so exciting and such an honor to be a part of this great event in their hometown club!
“: Congrats to all our graduating Hoosiers! Wish we could tell each of you, but 8,829 is lot of tweets! #IUgrad12”
Forecast for Friday: Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s. Northeast winds 5 to 10 mph. Becoming east in the afternoon.
- I know!! you are missed! I fly back east in two days, tea when we both get back!! xox
Although not as good as any Stallone picture, Who Killed the Electric Car? Is a pretty good documentary
Just connected to and webinar on "Building the Perfect Web Marketing Storm" - looking forward to it.
#OMGrande Dance, theater, biochemistry.
It's disturbing!
i despise grocery shopping.
Listening to a Southern style thunderstorm in Washington City this morning.
Reunited w/ ! Finally!
at the end of karate kid never say never (the song) was playing
are you trying out for season 12??
Not to mention that the initial request for the move (from a #church) was they were disgusted with
Decompressing w/ at our Colorado friends Amy, Ben, and family after a fun, productive DrupalCon.
Me and Kevin used to sing to eachother .
Looking forward to CES next week!
Dear man v food i think it ought too be man & his buddie v food new season !!!!
I agree, but at least he gets a full-time shot to do so. Coming up as pinch-hitter or DH and not getting regular time before.
thanks for the
Your so cute!:)
Bow in the presence of
look forward to talking #FantasyFootball with you this season!
Heat are in the Finals. Signed, sealed delivered. Sigh.
Lets play the blame game
Agreed :D "We don't have a choice on whether we do Social Media, the question is how well we do it." - Erik Qualman
We have come a long way baby!
The google home page is SO cute!
I'm still hungry.....
Better lock my casket tight baby, so I don't let the devil in
B has made her decision...
major #comcast "customer service" FAIL. phone help, ZERO. , NOTHING. who else has had horrible experience with comcast?
Boat shoes --- awkward or awesome?
I know!!! But why Dale? Ugh, Carl…
it was really good! yes, they were. it is like she is fusing lewensky and levy's story together!
Sounds like you're a busy bee! Have a nice weekend.
Nobody believes that crap except tennis press
yo I'm dead af. That night you showed your whole ass. But I was there for you tho. Lol
Whilst boogying, I think of myself as humphrey on the chaiselounge-the chaise being the wave... or kevin costner in waterworld.
#Mandarin Calling all Mandarin speaking butlers! Open opportunities in Cambodia with great salary and benefits! email me for details..
2012 is ours to achieve !!
So blessed to have a wonderful family and amazing friends in my life
how your new school going xx
What's 1d ?
you looked amazing though!!:p
better than shit on me
bourbon is always a good idea, I mean it is usually. Except for when it isn't.
Amy is pretty.
"Love Shy" "Something Better" "You and Me" ...just to name a few...excited to hear Bluey's new music!
Thanks Kurt! RT : Throw a dash of red in there and see about that.
we can't wait.
HAHAHA!! WOW THAT'S FAST!! :O SANFUEOFKASOUHYENLQMUOHWSODNCSDUIOQONOXPNSJH
National Honor Society induction tonight! :)
Plaschke is a smart guy, and I enjoy his columns. But he came off yesterday as he often does: a jaded fun-squasher.
You can drop by when you come to Vegas for a conference :) I would love to meet all your friend in the Vegas area.
I did earlier. Happy happy tears of joy
I hope you're intoxicated...otherwise you're just an awful driver.
Can't wait to have you! Hopefully we will see you soon at one of the grand opening events or another time!
Any advice on what not to miss in Norway or Italy?
Sure. Email . We'll call you if we have a fit. Thank you.
Thank you.
you're dirty.
Doc Brown had the same issue.
Poker night tonight Its your chance to go all-in with some pocket rockets! 7:00.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>thats how i smile when someone is taking a picture and they say cheese
That will be easy!
I need creative ideas. Bond themed NYE party tomorrow night and I need a costume...
This space is too doggone small for me.
Just attended an awesome webinar by on Google Keywords v. YouTube Keywords.
I love you Alex please please make my night by tweeting me back <333
Thanks Pimp Juice! Maybe I'll see you again tomorrow!
I thought it was 7:00........MEEHHHHH I'M TO FUCKING EXCITED :((((
MOUSTACHE HAPPY HOUR PART DEUX TILL 8PM TONIGHT AT DON'T KNOW TAVERN!! CAPS LOCKS!! $10 for a collectible cup and drink specials!!
acoustic show today with !
Do you personally know if they're functional or not?
A fair share of academic & private libraries w/o programmers either, alas.
sorry you're going to be empty tonight...wish there was a game...
I feel that. I'm at the studio too right now. Glad to hear from you.
I hate filling out job applications.
RT : #Orioles' Chris Davis reaching 90 mph on FB. Had four-seamer and sinker. Also nice 83 mph changeup. Crazy
Another great start for the #LAKings. Going back to the Stapler up 2-0 in the series. Keep it goin' boys!
Current investor sentiment matches the 152 recorded in 4Q10, which represented the highest level achieved since the survey began in 2004
SCOOP, SCOOP, SCOOP!
My long cat naps fuck up my sleep. :(
I accepted you!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
No, it's just that the world isn't ready for our vision. It'll happen.
nigga whatever.. first you said you didn't hear all of it, now you say you did... someone got caught in a lie O_O
They have more soul than you. Don't even bother arguing...
yeah huh!
Only 1,976 more weeks until retirement!
you definitely qualify.... thanks for the info! what did you take?
went to the quaff with my mom. Guess who got hit on first.
“: Damn I'm just hurt right now smh” wat happened Lil dude
Alright, thank you for everything. Wish you the best.
Equine herpesvirus case confirmed in Colorado Affected horse euthanized; facility placed under quarantine.
I need one too, can we work out together???
think so
yea I know !
I called SFPD to bring a squad to protect Something tells me he'll need it at the end of this plenary :)
Egg product maybe?
Last nights rain was superb!
but i do(: lol
sorry about tweeteradder spam: had to change twitter password to stop it (hopefully).
I'm so confused lol
When im alone I eat food like an animal, my cheeks full and shit like hampsters
Yay, that's awesome!! I feel quite honored. :D
Much love.
Stay and Play starts at 9:30!
my uncle is missing that finger
Giants got this in the bag....YUK
-Nice #WCCO piece on youth anime party. Congrats!
Don't Forget To watch Mobbed Tonight on Fox
Bought two Totoro pencil cases. Mailed the wrong one. A-herp. A-derp.
Are you kidding me
I'll do it, Robert Hill is lazy!!! Hahaha #gatcho RT : hell nah I thought I was off this weekend son!
My English teacher is playing Flogging Molly.
"BITCH I'LL BURN THIS MOTHERFUCKER TO THE GROUND NOW!! WHERE IS IT?!?" "Sir, calm down, your toy is under the McNuggets."
feels like he should be up to something...
I love the new icon Austin!(: <33 lolol
First day of coworking ! Thanks ! Excited for what this space has to offer :).
WE WORKING
yes javi is with me duh! And we will get on our private jet and come see you!!!!! Right now!
She Ran Away ( :
I guess still is the QUEEN....
food poison
eh nothing much bored and stuff hbu
DON'T BE AFRAID TO BE GAY!
Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat. ~Sun Tzu
A positive ALERT: RT : The Spring Sale is finally here.. join us at the USC Bookstores today for great deals!
wonder where bluffin self been <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It seems the #Brewers plan on signing a Free Agent SS w/ Furcal, Yuni, or Gonzalez but what are there plans for an utility guy?
#20ThingsAboutMe, I don't care about what anyone thinks about me, except my family and my bestfriend, but she counts as family to me <3
These pics..<3 OMG just stop it(; you're KILLING me ;D
the big D sucks
I know some really cool folks. Now it's time to read SNOW CRASH and the book version of PONTYPOOL, of course.
excited to be creating a painted chandelier in tropical themes for a local artist...
Movies #theavengers :D
Big game for the Bucks today!
RT Presenting at #SNAP09 was a treat, great audience, good dialog. #WORM09 almost home
Dreaming is believing
Thanks Mike! Listening to you right now - nasty vibe man, we dig!
ok. Let me look for it.
i'm so down. photo adventures or chill time?
nothing he just says he gave u too many chances and he has that guilt look on his face!
The other girl lives 17 miles away fr m me with her mom and comes to visit her dad where I live. I don't see her very often.
Oh my goodness you're really preaching tonite
608 tonight. First time I have graced the front entrance of a church in years.
how did i lose the medicine ball that i ALWAYS keep on my desk?
Talent show additions.
ohh but still...i'ma need lil bizzy akabent to tighten up on the domestic activities lmao....
My whole entire body hurts. I can't way till 5th with
yesterday afternoon Rio Rancho, NM came back on line as far as internet services.
I cried.
Good word: Brazen RT : At 11...a brazen crime in the South Valley. A wheelchair bound woman is robbed in front of her home.
I'd rather smoke danky den trend about anotha nigga
Go Sharks!!!
The leading rule for the lawyer, as for the man of every other calling, is diligence. Abraham Lincoln
OMFG!!! me too that was too fuckiin fun!!!! :D
Today sucks walnuts
Heading to Death Valley this Sunday! Who's coming with us?
My Newsies name given to me by my friend Brady: Stretch, because of my height :P I love it!
you're too sweet!
lack of bail I think
"right now I'm listening to Rancid from 1997. it's very nice."
Same Strat last year, won me a lot of leagues!!! Well 3 out of the 5
Texas IndyCar race was what it was.... Dario won half, and Will Power won the other half.... Right?
MAN I LIVE MY LIFE JUST LIKE A MOVIE THAT DONT STOP
Of course, please contact customer service and they will be happy to help you get a replacement
RT : Sunland Park's meeting to appoint a mayor Friday is canceled, won't be rescheduled until further notice
Watching #MyStrangeAddictions . Holy crap these people are crazy..
You mean because of the fishnet tank, right?
Talking with of about #FentonArtWalk and "Canton Color Tour"
But your hair is looking good!
Like, one or two points.
oh ok
Even my husband enjoyed Exploring Zarzuela in the Harris Theatre at George Mason University.
Respect has to be earned before you start tryin to demand it...
awesome!! Well I hope to get out to see you guys again soon!! I had so much fun last time!
The sea of life...ah. the law of attraction...guess I should change the way I view things.
Indeed. I was actually being sarcastic on my lack of ballin' skillz. Fantasy Drafts in Vegas are epic.
Getting Ready to Shoot Another Scene for Guidance Web Series <U+E324>
I'll be in Vegas Sunday to Wednesday - hit me if you'll be out there during that time :)
But truly God has listened; he has attended to the voice of my prayer. ~Psalm 66:19
Well, fuck television. I'm out again.
D3 seeks exp. Billing Manager for 3-4 month contract engagement with reputable regional law firm in Los Angeles. Proficiency in Omega softw…
Slept all night im woke now
Re-watching the Bush #speech in the aftermath of 9/11. It is very interesting to go back and revisit the message that was conveyed...
bout bored af son sittin here playin grant theft auto ps3 somebody hmu
the maps r in all playlist. they were all night last night.
Last minute gift idea: a travel mug and Cup O Joe gift certificate. Perfect for mom's on the run.
Can't wait for dylans game(:
Thanks for the well wishes everyone! We are having a great time. So far, is one easy going kid!
it's in my top three. I love Rick Blaine so much. Ive probably watched it a thousand times.
What a great idea to have a webinar for parents; would be great to have one for teachers too
I'm not in vegas right now. It would be nice to see u out there tho
You are so pretty. Feel free to follow me. ;D
idk just put somethin you think is nice lol .
where are you buddy!?
Pumped to be toting a Yellownedcab & Saturn home from Koppas.
lol TRUE! but it was a lot more expensive and shipping alone turned out to be like $7 so i had to downgrade =[ oops
I must admit..... At 28, I drool when I sleep!
Thank you for your kind wishes!
Yeah, I tend to mist up at sappy movies. I've decided to just let it flow getting touch with my inner blubber.
don't we all!
oh.lol I guess
thanks! Great show, keep kicking a$$!
My summer bucket list is piling up :)
ROOT CANAL? What are you 40 years old? Brush, brush, brush.
Finally there is an NL East player I could dislike more than Hamels, and he goes ahead and outdoes Harper.
Sure! Definitely stop by! Just give us a little tweet first so we can "act natural." ;)
in the theater
Just finished tracking NEW album!! So lucky to have an all-star band and amazing producer John Clayton! Stay tuned...
re: back to Lemmonex: Of course we still love you. I'm playing Bon Jovi's "Always" in your honor right now.
#10ThingsThatAreAttractive Clear eyes, full heart, going to 'Speaking of...' this weekend!
Your view is way more interesting than mine.
Though that lyric made no sense, I did like Bust a Move. "If you want it, you got it ..."
Wynn Wear Swim Wear / Sue Ann Wynn available at BodyTrends BoutiQue
So many folks putting "Occupy" in front of other random words. I think it's time to occupy occupy.
what it do?
I was LeBron, he was Kevin Hart.
You wont regret it! RT : I am excited to start lessons with him! I will be contacting him next week after finals
Eric Schmidt: Starting point for technology in social change is mobile phones.
What do you think of titling chapters, yay or nay? :)
In the kitchen today baking Five-Star Blueberry treats. Has your dog tried these incredibly delicious and healthy treats yet??
I hope i meet yall one day,because yall are ABOSULTELY AMAZING!<3
HAHA, stop, stop! I'm going to pee-mi-pants from laughing too hard!
Some call it swagger. I call it walking.
I wish these next two weeks of my life could fast forward.
Let's go LAKERS!! Lets take this win!
#kids Adoption Information Meeting: Adoption Information Meeting from Monday, May 14, 2012 at 6:00 PM to Monday, May 14, 2012 at 7:30 PM...
can we get your wine in mass?
follow me
planning my documentary trip to Robertsport, Liberia. I think it's set for Nov. Going to enter in the Austin Film Festival. super stoked.
I'm going to have good day ... I'm off from work and I maybe go relax around the pool today
i love jb
That is game!!! #GIANTS #SuperBowl Champs....can't wait to go to the parade in the Canyon of Heros!!!!
Unmarked Cars this Saturday @ The HiLo Club for Junebug Spade's CD Release show...we go on around 10pm...kill the lights!!!
Fixed. Thanks guys.
Join us for our favorite Friday night duo. Redfish plays from 7:30-10:30pm
I did! I enjoy your tweets so much Don, so I will take your word for it! My Follow TH ADD physicist
People are oblivious.
Thanks, Will! The pleasure is mine (<U+273F><U+25E0><U+203F><U+25E0>)
Up early brewing coffee getting ready to head out the door, listening to some tracks I layed down yesterday not bad,need some edits.
Thanks :) You'd think I'd fly through it since I loved my CNA class.. Sigh..
we thought so too. Thanks for the reply!
Application deadline for Summer Research Internship Pre-PhD Scholars Program is March 16th, 2012
Stand up for what is right, even if you're standing alone.
This is getting interesting....a little too interesting...
Follow a Fringe Artist Friday: <U+200F>
I heart Bonnie Raitt.
On nights like there when I can't sleep... All I can think about is Keavy that's how you know a girls special :)
thinks there is something really fishy about that whole octuplets story. None of it makes sense.
..sometimes I make #enemies, sometimes I make
Suicide Silence - "You Only Live Once"
yup - got pix?
From ESPN-Chris Polk has best career & '12 ball security of the top '12 draft RB's. Only 1 fumble in '12 & 5 in 892 career touches.
Good morning
The holiday score as it stands: Pets-14, Christmas ornaments- 0
Just watched New A-team Movie...Oh My!
Heard you were at the Cannery last night. WHAT. I didn't even get to see you. Round 2 tomorrow?
Oh good! RT : Looks like St. Thomas Aquinas anti-abortion group will be able to apply to participate in Hampdenfest.
I don't get the branchout app for Facebook. Do people really want to mix personal and professional in one place? Seems lake a career ender!
It wasn't on my phone. It may have been Ginny's, Jordan Hinze's, or someone else... Not sure :P
Something very enjoyable about making a new iOS icon...
THIRD SHOW ADDED - Comedian Kevin Hart at Hampton Colisuem on Sunday, 2/13 at 7pm - tix on sale TODAY at 12noon.
did you see Avengers? I'm watching it tomorrow.
it is ok :) can you email details (description) and price to me,
About 1/3 way thru "The Submission" by Amy Waldman and she's now on my favorite authors list. The kind of novel I wish I could have written.
So much to thank Him for! If you shouting with me retweet this!
tacos y burritos?
LOL Steve! Maybe you will be will win next time - highest prize ever!
How much poison is legal to give kids on Halloween? I'm asking for a dear friend.
27 minutes to go 2 miles.
Vcu is tough
Alpha Chi Omega installed Zeta Eta chapter at on May 6, 1978. Happy Founders Day !
yaw it's not contagious though
waxed eyebrows :) are the best eyebrows!
As usual, you ROCKED on Rachel, Michael! ;)
If NIMBYs are stopping your projects, let's meet Five Corners Strategies can help.
get in touch with our party coordinator Lauren Diehl, her phone number is 414-276-2337 ext 103, she'll help you out!
Try viewing everyone who comes into ur life as a teacher WDyer
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful."...
Now being followed by !!
Did you ever see Mortal Kombat? That set film making back decades.
Let's Go Caprese #prince'sfavoritesalads
Key hand: I fold every hand for two hours @ bubble,clownish btn opens 11k, I see TT and insta push 85k, he insta (spite?) calls with KQ.Win.
"GLAZED DONUT" aaaaahahahahahahahaha!!!!!
It's at times like this that I could really use a VPN connection to the city servers, or a key to the library branch a mile from my house!
Dancing with the Stars
Santa is providing the free shipping on every item in the studio, until 12-25-11. www.FUSEDGLASSBYDESIGN.artfire.com
not giving up, just venting frustraions at ironies of life! :P
Letting everything pile up while I stare at it in anxious paralysis.
Fennimore turns a 6-4-3 double play but Nick Mohlman, who reached on a double scored from third. Fennimore 3, Mineral point 1 with 2 outs.
AVG just told me I have too many tabs open. I'm just getting started!
“: Happy bday to my bro he needs some followers y'all.” ask and he shall receive
Everyone click share on this page and send this to all your friends/family we want Live Life Reckless to go world wide!!!
#9RoundMinute: 25 Squat Kicks paired with 20 Alt. Side Lunges! Feels good, right?!
too funny! I can't stop laughing! XD
I just wish that someone would give them a basic civics education, and a little training in rhetoric and messaging.
Thank you, those would certainly be in the top!
Is anybody moving out of a reasonably priced 4 bedroom in July?
Double Take is bitches from Hell! (we're just like you, except we're hot hot hot hot) Ah!
THANKS for the follow Anna!
My last day as an unmarried man.
I know this team will shine next season once again.I just hope its with solid D.
.'s digital project is on hold now while she finishes her book, bc her school doesn't count dig projects for tenure
i Need Bags Shit For The Tolit Mouth Bitchs
I don't even know how to respond to that! Next time??
juveniles can go to prison too!
I guess you're his girlfriend? (: And yes I did.
There should be ZERO tolerance 4 bullying!! PLEASE make it a big deal!! It is not simply a matter of kids being kids. Teach LOVE! :)
“: Idk how to sleep with clothes on anymore.”
you need a photographer for those magic moments! How have you been?
For Mother's day. I'm going to wake my mum up with breakfast and play Turn To You for her.
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid every day after skool my friends use to come over my house n have da radio outside on da prouch
About to entertain some kids at the "Once Upon a Time" event for the St. Lukes Foundation.
and I'll be interested to see who is pushing it - Republicans or Democrats (or the media)....
I fill you up! Let's have a party......let's have a party!!!
U r just some poor bangladeshi who thinks he is white
Someone said my characters are too" idealized."I said, Honor,Hope Courage Love and Freedom." They exist, they are called " Americans."
“When your vocation becomes your vacation, there is no such thing as hard work.” - Jimmy Smith
I couldn't understand a word Fabio said. I heard catching and 1 on 1,but I was lost.
Just did some major cleaning and my taxes.
Fun day assisting teachers for audio mixing classes and then editing the video for the Skyway Fitness Project.
I'm too busy crying to picket. Haha
A Top 10 list is upcoming for the next blog
Lesson for today: helping an ornery 7th-grader with math homework makes for one bleary-eyed writer the next day.
looks like "Snow Leopard" for Apple is due out tomorrow for only $29. What a big difference compared to MS updates.
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight on www.latalkradio.com! Channel 2!
Awww..thanks! We think you're pretty cool too! RT - LOVE Log Cabin Village! You guys are the best!!
“: Bid in charity auction! Winner meets and watches taping of #YR. my mom and I won one with
Thank you for following! Happy to know you're enjoying retirement just like us!
thanks for the RT :-)
he's singing the stretch tomorrow. It's my 25th birthday and I want to sing it with him. Any ideas?
I am currently in Ghana and must recommend that you come here as well! It is so different here; I am learning so much.
Looking forward to serving you :-)
Everyone is comparing Google Drive to Dropbox while ignoring Amazon's Personal Document Service which might be the best of them all.
All day
I need 2t followers please:)
Good luck!
I feel like I smell like pee. Did you wet the bed ??
(._. ) RT : Tiny people be angry, dog.
"Coal, the dirtiest fossil fuel, is the crack cocaine of the developing world."
the truth cost nothn , but lies will cost you everything !.
Hahahaha! My thoughts exactly!
#Fitness For a healthy high protein snack, try Greek Yogurt, it has 14g of protein and tastes great
Reds suck tribe suck wtf
I just found an exclusive way home from work. Why am I so excited for no traffic? -_- haha
One of my favorite jazz singers Sarah Vaughan "the Divine One" was born 27 March 1927 I heard her sing live twice but got no good photos
Hamilton puts the #Rangers up by two. #WorldSeries this game is awesome!
I feel like shit today. >.<
What was your favorite thing about 2011?
My TiVo is full - sorry #CovertAffairs and #Dropdeaddiva, but I'm going to have to let you go.
I'm happy you're reading this tweet. If you own a website and want to do something valuable with your time feel free to DM
Happy bday 2 my son..never knew luv like this
“If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it.” - Lucille Ball (one of my favorite quotes ever)
Congratulations to each and every one of the Region 1 semifinalists! We are proud of you!
100 years? Now I understand all the hype this week. RT The Titanic's maiden - and last - voyage began 100 years ago today.
Happy birthday to A good guy, great friend. Wishing you the best all year.
It is a #lovely Monday! Can't wait to see all of you amazing #library people at #ala11!
On my way back home to the "A" 2nite, im ready to hit the studio
Damn. My leg fell asleep right when I jumped in the shower :s Lol!!
#Salute Happy Charter Day!!!
what is the Hunger Games? Hunger is not a game
loves n e b l i n a
- thanks for the follow Bennett
Ever think about buying a franchise?? A pizaa place or a coffee shop? We'll show you what it takes Next Ohio Means Business
I adore my phone. I literally have the whole world in my hands.
Yet to read your email. Today's been the day from Crazyville, located in Crazychussetts in the United States of Crazy.
where's my ticket boo
I wanna go home
cute who
You MUST BE new to this. You see, I don't want to communicate w/U. So I'll stay polite 4 now&ask you to go&talk to someone else
Thanks for the RT!!!! So appreciate all that you do!
Good morning starshine!
we were but it was a twitter glitch that unfollowed us
Listened to #RocktheWorld with and on the subway this morning. Great insight about business in China!
coffee people can mix it with non fathom and freeze... Great alternative to a frappe!
You laugh because i'm different.. I laugh because you are all the same.
Randomly craving some factory right now.
I'll never understand what goes through my parents heads.
#TwitterOff Ima go cry a river even though my bitchass boyfriend doesn't seem to care <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Why do you think that is? No education training required to get a PhD?
why people always relate the word #marketing with #branding & #advertising only.. .there is a hell lot that goes into it.
Yay!!! :-) RT : Had a great catch-up lunch today w/ In fact, I just polished off the leftovers for dinner. :)
Didn't get to see play where he got hurt. I remember Yo playing for a little after his ACL, think this could be that serious?
I didn't say it was haha
Ain't that the truth. RT : Hip-hop lost its John Lennon. #RIPMCA (via )
delete this account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey
RT wishing my iPhone didn't break now... you can get a RUA app!!! >.<
Kids in the back seat can cause accidents.Accidents in the back seat can cause kids.
Thanks for all your data quality greatness
pics or it didn't happen.
good morning alice, happy wednesday to you
I'm going to watch it later tonight, I'm really excited, wish I could be watching it now
no, I'm going on October 10
still haven't checked that out
Thanks for the support Kev! Also, another chance at Michigan Bluff...so soon...you are insane. And I love it.
will make me tikki masala extra spicy ? It's my favorite thing to eat
I didn't know that. How was it?
Noodles & Co with
I love the pear reisling, pistachio honey, and the seasonal w/ cardamon.really like/love most!! love both choc ones too
Passengers who refuse airport security measures should get discounted fares because their flight is more likely to be shorter.
launch Alfred, type "DW" instead of "TW", go to google search in Safari for "DW" instead of Twitter, hit Cmd-Q instead of Cmd-W
So I'm now watching think like a man and is a funny as movie
DM How do I get in touch with a decision maker at Googles' New Business Development?
wait?!? What?!? With who?
When faced with a challenge, look for a way, not a way out. -- David L. Weatherford
but it's ok because i get to talk about free indirect discourse and historicity and narrative tension and structuralism in those two pages
that guy was a shitty dancer anyways! He deserved to get hit by truck!
In case you didn't know, our very own Kiley and Laz just got married!!! Let's give them both a big congratulations!
model call for upcoming promotional tour send pics to
Frazier! My IPhone auto corrected it
the mayor
jeezy took to long 2011 he was ghost til the end
That catch by B-Phil got me all excited.
Is there even a signed settlement yet?
If there is anything that a man can do well, I say let him do it
What would I do without
Why are all the seniors upset about not being able to do a Senior prank? Its not like we would have decided on one anyway...
Ah so yeah go to the down arrow next to the home button then over on the side you'll see notifications click on that.
00065a Wed 04apr12 . Clock out 1600 . Broadcast canceled to be rescheduled for 05apr12 . worked on drawings / updates on logbook
Woah! Yeah, definitely no excuse.
This is the worst jury questioning ever
yes. Its not a bad kind of weird just not used to it. I grew up with both series and I'm just so used to the natual flow is all
Nice start to the morning. At the final commentary recording session with the great Phil Simms.
A sparkler? Perhaps something different like Lambrusco but more research needed.
Just ripped up some pants.. Got some new shorts :))
It's all about the 'All You Can GRILL and EAT!'. We hope you have a good time at
Sum BOYS<3
Heading to bed. Good mornight!
One step closer the the Pac16!
We're going to be trying out Twitter to see how we like it and more importantly how our CUSTOMERS like it! Let us know!
photos, video from Pasadena? send them to
in regards to celtics posts
That stuff is just priceless.
": There's a reason we're #1 in every single def category! #14" Because you didn't play anybody you stupid Gump!
Which way do your think #CO will swing in 2012?
Us strong Women will bounce back after we've fallin down, cried our tears, & faced many hurts.
I hate guys who say "My nigga" and "SMD" (don't want to write it out) but seriously though like it makes you seem so ghetto, I hate that
im in love wit u!!! <3 if u followed me It wud make my day better ;)
I'm compiling some informal data for a project & would love your answer! Which product is *better*: low-fat or no high fructose corn syrup?
Obama adviser Axelrod coming to Bergen County on Wednesday afternoon to campaign for
Thank you for the mention!
It's lonely @ the top but extra crowled at the bottom !!!!!
interesting concept, thanks for the follow. looking forward to books worth reading.
thanks so much! I'm excited to start a blog for the summer and studying abroad in Italy this fall!
it's i change my username.So ? how r u sweetie?
And we record the album in two weeks. Congress House Studios to lay down tracks. Mixing in Berlin Germany late Dec. Surprises forthcoming
Creepy if you ask me!
So I'm the only dad here, besides the coach, at Hannah's soccer tryouts. Guess I'm officially a #SoccerMom now...
...and the Hawks are a strong team w/average goalie. Crawford is either really sharp or totally lost. Now I know what Canucks fans feel like
do you see santorum as a viable candidate? Does this guy really have a chance outside of Iowa?
- Hey Elizabeth! Are you coming to our Movie Premiere on Tues? You're favorite 'Milw Girls' would love to see you! :)
that's good lol
lol kk :-) and do you have facebook
And thank you as well :-)
We're loving the rain! The kind of night perfect 4 a bottle of wine and a movie! Anyone have any good movie recs? Or wine for that matter?
words cannot describe how much I hope attends the same university as me.
old enough to chew its own food
You just told me I wasn't shit , I guess I'm proving it right now
Love the smell of rain on the asphalt but hate how it holds up production!
Me too!
RT Nice!!!! Widespread Panic's "Climb to Safety" during the #Phillies highlights!!!
When is out of the game it is a lot easier for the West to score. He is a game changer.
Remember pay-phones?
please go kick the biggest rock, you bad feet mofo!!
hi all how is every one
why do I feel the main villain in this movie will be smug.... Fun while it lasted
In Visimeet, use your contact list as a buddy list feature and instant message your contacts
Dear Thank you being open till 1am. I need the #caffein to keep on cooking. Me love you long time. - MiaTeresa
Detroit Tigers #TWlikeyou Update your Like
Legit. So pumped to hear it brother.
Just walked passed a guy cursing to himself. I know how ya feel buddy. Lol
thanks for the camp tweets!
Ignorant thoughts brewing in my mind
I think someone should call the cops on me before i kill
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. -Anna Eleanor Roosevelt
Listenin to baby!! cant wait for my world 2.0 to come out!
“: ": lol I'm going home tomorrow"cool..where”Desoto
Let's see what the Broncos can do behind their leader.
Sometimes I realize I may be a walking cliche... LMAO If I don't make sense, then you may just be too damn normal.
Wondering how much time I have spent on buses and trains over the past year. Amtrak to Back Bay, hopefully in my room by midnight
GREAT SHOW! RT : Thanks to everyone who tuned in for the premiere of Hotel Impossible on
FEVERSHOT'S MUSIC VIDEO FOR THEIR INFECTIOUS CLUB SMASH--> "POP BOOM POW' <---WILL PREMIERE MONDAY NOV. 8TH! More info to come!
Stop yelling, moron! RT : THE WALL STREET JOURNAL AGREES, GOVERNOR’S REFORMS ARE WORKING AND HIS OPPONENTS CAN’T STAND IT
Listening 2 Oakenfold, Great Wall. When Madonna Hollywood comes on, headphones go 2 max!!! Shine ur light now. This time it's got 2 B good!
Sweet Tweets its on baby:
holy dance party last night
Seeing a bartender refer to themselves as a Beverage Consultant on LinkedIn has made my week.
Duke wins this one 82-75.
Daylight savings time is happening this weekend. Hurry up and go to bed now to get that extra hour in. :-)
come celebrate with us in our office...the monkey went #WILD haha
RT : Catch me on tv #rockies game
the baby will always have the upper hand
Hey Round Rock/Austin, playing a show at this Friday starting at 7pm! Spread the word!
<3 love her omg. She's amazing. Bahahha still remember fbr15. :'3
I suppose it is! It's been a while, so I forget how it feels... :P
The MAN has his boot on all our necks
How much actual spam did you get in response to your faux spam?
WE ARE!! Its a beautiful day in the A!
RT: When u tell someone u Love them, make sure to Act with Love as well. Live with Intentional Love. ~ Lori Moreno
would like to see some tower cams.
Thanks for coming out again, Cody.
My favorites are the Yelp reviews of Central Park, or other landmarks that no one need weigh in on.
If all else fails I suppose I'll just live off the money from my ebay Beanie Baby sales.
Thanks guys!!! \m/
“: Hummel was wheeled off the court on A stretcher, but the problem is cramps and dehydration not the knee.”. Wow.
nothing like walking up the hill trying to converse with a 21-yr-old student athlete. Bless her, I think she was even trying to slow up.
Still Time to Take Advantage of Free Shipping on Media Tape Orders!! Give us a call today!
and bubba has how many majors, 1 or 2 and had mad what a 10% what tiger has made, more w/out coaches n wins then with
Meet Jerry, Extreme Brickover 5 contestant & part of Team In It to Wynn It. Read about his motivation in his weekly blog....
Love ya thanks . Straight ahead
Writing product descriptions, running out of adjectives.
Facebook is buying Instagram for 1 Billion Dollars.
Bachelorette time! Let the drama #begin <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 20
Good morning, to my followers I say thank you. We have two of Pennsylvanias hottest artists & Stay updated.
You're giving Furd too much credit, finished seventh in the P12 and lose their two best post players. Zona will win he P12.
everyone is playing this game! I need to check it out
Thanks for spinning Scissors as #CatchoftheDay on ! Keep the requests coming!
I'm feeling so good and positive right now! I want to share it with the whole wide world! Let's be positive, optimistic, kind and grateful!
This is awkward :/
And this is why is Mr. San Diego. Coming to my bus-woe rescue.
dammit, you're tempting me to go back to Facebook, I haven't found good new music in ages
Thanks for the mentions!!
Side note: if you move to San Francisco and say you came back tan, you didn't move to San Francisco
School will be over in a few hour's and my long drunken weekend begin's
Put the gun down, sweetie.
I'm led to pray for the C.S.Lewis College today--who will join me???
As much as i hate to admit it song "dance again" is a good song. id like it better with out pitbull. i hope theres a "no rap" version!
i have an evil genius plan for everything.... <U+E402>
hi there everyone? The way to the heart is to believe in someone else.
I have been getting sign ups but I don't see them in my downline.
I think has had recent success with Western Union although I generally just sell to friends
Cnt wait for Saturday!!!!
haha really? You mustve been super tired haha cause I know I was knocked out haha
I can't found U
Ooh Flypaper looks really good too. Tim Blake Nelson playing a kook - as usual. Comedy Action and Adventure... in a bank.
I hope the weekend is as long as my day was...
thank you…
Yes they did. Thanks for checking in on them :)
Homeless Coach bench seating painted burnt orange in time to coach #homeless mother, Kim, Thurs under Austin's Hwy 360 Pennybacker Bridge
Hi ! Keep Smiling!
lol fag it was a penis and some glaze
R.I.P. DICK CLARK. New Years's Eve Celebrations will never be the same without you. U will be very much missed! My prayers2 friends & family
Wow, the wildflowers on I-37!
You need to follow
baby you light up my world like nobody else .
Can't watch the #padres because there's apparently no tv deal. I have &t which sucks.
ha... i wish. was flying out that morning and crossing my fingers he didn't drop trou again :)
Thanks for the follow!
If it's your passion then you should go with it. It's never to late to start on your dreams! It's a challenge but worth it!
I think its possible to have love for someone, but not really love them.
No problem Kate! I could use more time unplugged myself (beyond just a weekend here and there), so it rang true with me.
YES! TONIGHT at the Bowery Poetry Club in NYC!
Ha! It was in his pants.
Just when I thought Breaking Bad couldn't get any better, DJ Roomba makes a cameo in Season 4!
typical #Eagles bullshit, dumb mistakes cost a shutout. MORONS
yes Dunk of the year
Aww ... don't worry. He comes for all of us eventually. You could be next! <grin>
Oh, woops. Thanks for that! And thanks to you, , for the blog post, which holds up super well on repeated readings.
i might wear my hornets tomorrow ..
Great tip from : write a mission statement for what you stand for (not what you're against)
(Spoilers) There's zombies! Lots of them. Some of them get re-killed. It's pretty awesome.
Leonardo da Vinci was dyslexic, and he often wrote backwards.
On to Warner Brothers studio tomorrow for a fitting
looked strong today brother!
Hey & ! Got any yummy recommendations for good #gastropub #restaurants in #miami / #southbeach?!
#imagine opening your locker seeing a note that says " I sure think your beautiful."
lol... I guess u right but its usually about a 80% chance I am..
gotta keep letting them fly
Al Harrington coming up in 2 minutes! Listen in to hear from the newest Nugget!
Fans in Asia are very appreciative of everything, and they are so polite. Not that the American fans aren't. Don't put that in the paper.-GC
Love the new TV spot... Can't wait to share that out!! (hint hint)
Pickles with chamoy
Working for the weekend.
Wade need to step up and stop playing robin behind LeBron
havent seen that yet. guess Im not looking at chix eyes
Shutout to aka for the #vineyardvines phone case :)
Yes-talk to you then! Mary
Love the real world example of Instagram in use. Looking forward to the upcoming thoughts!
Hi Paul, and thank you for following. I'm wondering if you would have any ideas on how I could successfully break in to acting?
sweet home :3
yea cant wait to see u emily and isabelle in a few weeks!
i just started and I'm 33yrs old RT
jepordy sucked... My team didnt know any of the answers and there is a test on Monday...
“: You know someone means a lot to you when their mood can easily affect yours. #GirlFacts”
hey congrats on the cover....again
That long one wasnt buddha. that was Paulo Cohelo.
Quiet and smooth, yet as tough as a steel-belted tire, the 3280 is the perfect choice if you want both quiet and reliability.
It's that simple, right?
follow me back vonda
I feel like flying far from here.
Listen in to for the Charm of the Season ad. It's 24/7 Christmas music time of course!
what's an appropriate tip for a "hairstylist"? does the 20% rule apply to that?
We need a venue for our Thurs, Jan. 20 event. Do you (or someone you know) have meeting space for ~50 people? DM or and please RT!
"Friend":hey,keliecia Me:*waves ..thinks *hey......friend what's your name again..? Lol
Why the hell would I want to think like Steve Harvey?
Who's doin' that?
It didn't after I closed for the first time, but it has continued saving them since then.
At long last, things are starting to come together.
#ImThatPersonWho Gets annoyed REALLY Easily. >.<
Ed Toriello, Tony Rankin Bob D'ambrosia Terry Canale Sandy Gordon Stuart Hirsch saw u launch while in Mexico we're waving!
Weelllll isn't it just a beautiful day!!!!!!
Another magical night at the K
wow, - you did it again w/awesome 2012 beercamp site. In 2013, can we see pong balls flying and cups being flipped interactions?
last night in fredonia was perfect, i couldn't have asked for a better night! back home today
72 penalty minutes and three ejections in first period of #Flyers #Pens game. Sheeeeesh.
“: I once saw you attempt to eat a spoonful of cinnamon...my vote is no” agreed. I've see you in action 2 much.
Doing an Open House during the Parade of Homes for the Raleigh area.
i have recently been thinking about why our metadata for items w/ digital surrogates includes no data on the digital surrogate.
Going to Dustin's brothers football game tomorrow. Then to his house so his mommy can fix my prom dress :)
Learn something boy, grow yo ass up
Everybody else surprised, I wasn't surprised
I would like Diaz to win but I think Miller bullies him to a comfortable decision
shoot something
Re: latest column - I think you need to redefine "movie star". The game has changed so we as an audience have to change with it
Beauty is a blessing but can also be a curse depending on the choices you make. Understand for yourself it's real value.
TONIGHT: hosts "All Night Happy Hour" ! Happy Hour specials 4PM - 2AM. Send names to 916-295-0720 for guest list.
Looking at the night sky
Happy Birthday
"...and whatever the community response is, I think it is appropriate."
I hope you didn't find that out via experience.
cant wait for DW Gundam 3 either in in June :) I also just picked of Fist of the North Star: Ken's Rage The other day. It's cool!
Stop by the Meteor Solutions booth in the social lounge at #OMMAGlobal for a chance to win free Meteor Analytics!
John Splan and I are playing a show at the Armory tonight! 7:30-10:30 Hope to see you!
somebody is hallucinating again!
(the colonists went ashore the next day). In 1846, the United States declared that a state of war already existed with Mexico.
Such as? We're going to the King Tut exhibit and I want to get this niece and nephew as enchanted with Egyptian history as I am.
Botanical Gardens festival combines natural beauty and local art museums
I NEED more followers!!! Put in werk people! Get me some tweeters!! #Help!
I'm thinking she's going to need a nap after today for sure. :) Congrats, Brooke!
It's #smallbizsat - support great #smallbiz like (great #sale there!),
Alcohol is a drug...
next is all over your face
Happy Leap Day! What will you do with your extra 24 hours this year?
If I could runaway I would
stop flirting. Let's go visit !!
ReinosoJoy is a net of love by which you can catch souls .
Great meeting you today! Thx for the invite. Enjoyed it and will definitely come back :)
I want to go to San Antonio.
Yes! Go to this site and learn about the details. Time to MERGE!“: It's live people! ! check it out! One union!!!”
": Justin always thinks I have the "hoes", annoying." You do
I'm following you on keek and I'm subscribed to you too<3
nothing can cheer you up more than the wet kiss of a cute puppy
todays your birthday? Lol or tomorrow?
grudgers are a waste of perfect happiness. laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you cannot change.
I took my first improv classes when I was that age! I will email my thoughts to you. Thanks again, Matt.
mainly performing arts events in Indianapolis. I will be a lot for the next week. Then maybe for a few.
Hunker down with for art drinks at The Local tonight until 7:30. There's a wood fireplace!
Building up my resume now so when the time comes, it'll be an easy transition to the position of chief communications officer for Starfleet.
Enough with the "gd 4 u LOL" type stuff. 140 character limit is like writing a novel without the letter "e"--be creative and stop cheating!!
great news! should be proud #SocialMadness rules!
Health Tip: Remember that it is healthier to receive most of your vitamins and minerals naturally rather than taking supplemental tablets.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I Like u
Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
What's the name of that English girl/ boy duo band? She was his guitar student... #pitchforkmedia loves them...
Thanks baby!
Sirius xm baby! Hear you a lot on there......love it!
Comice pears are so good!
I'm sailing the Atlantic!!! Oh crap... We're sinking.... Crap this water sucks. Titanic.
If your having trouble with a blind & you didn't get it from us. I highly recommend calling Karl. He can be reached at 505-220-8453.
90's Bills of baseball reincarnated!
which season of OTH are you watching? Haha
It's obvious Thibodeau knows how bad Rose is hurt. Too bad for everyone, especially Derrick. #justabasketballgameright?
RT : My desire for civility doesn't mean I don't have an opinion. I do. I simply respect that others have an opinion too.
Shit, I wish I was going late -.-
Whats 50 grand to a ma fucka like me. Can u plz remind me
yep! he seems to be a natural at it! lol :)
Forty page marketing plan is complete & just a few minutes over midnight. Yep, it's almost finals week.
Life isn't working out for me now... A tweet or anything from you could really put a smile on my face<3
An production! RT Just 3 days til we #OccupyTheNews. Visit our site + RT to spread the word.
Yes, they seem to almost incorporate something beyond three dimensional spacial characteristics.
That also works. Or just daydream something like the scene in Office Space... (No one ever said I was good at advice...)
You got it!!!
Boo. Just missed the space shuttle flying by midtown.
Hey, I never met you.... And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter... So follow her maybe? ;) <U+E32C><U+E32A><U+E32C> 6
My three weaknesses: scents, shoes and sunnies. Oh ok, clothes too ;)
Happy New Year from the team at Zuma Fun Center. The park is open today from noon until 8pm.
Neil Everett, who I can't stand, said LBJ didn't foul 'Melo on a block that made the Top 10, even though it WAS a foul.
: Link on Panetta?
damn/: i cant even imagine how you feel. Wish you could come back now!
You and I both know that might not last lol jk
LOL nice! Was it so good it put shamalama in ding dong?
I don't wanna see those! Both those movies look wack!!
can't wait for the West Coast to catch on!
I'm so invited!!!
I need a more creative handle... school is sucking up too much brain power for me to think of anything clever. Suggestions welcome.
I just wish you would text me , so I know that you care ...
Are you a #SMB looking for an online training solution? Come by Booth #607 We've been working with co.'s like yours for 15 yrs.
got a CST math test tmrrw... didn't study. or bother doing ANYTHING math related for the past 2 months. #howtheheckdoihaveana #soscrewed :(
Duh, V2G, pay peeps to plugin or at least the possibility of in future. But need to plan for it now!
We LIKE Miss Americs(s). Presidents...not so much.
buy the Entertainment Card and print your own coupons after registering online. Total cost 75% DISCOUNT
that is a nice bonus. I wish I was on that side of town!
m...never tried cubed in my chili! That sounds nice!
If u dont like talking to u. Why should i?
So what we get druuuunkkkkkk, so what we smoke wee
Good deal. :)
Today has been an awesome day full of good news!
take note.... you really can't take my NBA views seriously anyways....I waste time by pulling for
Asking about stores so I could pick it up! Will give it to my future niece/nephew after screening for weird hidden images/propaganda
ITS TODAY :)
KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY KENTUCKY "LOVE THE BIG BLUE NATION"
Yay for waking up sick. Weak. :|
I can't complain.. The weather is awesome! I'm just heading to class.. How about you?
Indeed. Tell Evans a Mizzou-UK matchup will determine our friendship
you best apologize..
I just didn't enjoy spotify. I like Rdio recommendations and the new releases are easy to navigate through. Choose your destiny
The show has begun.......
You're the man, Phil!!!
Uh..young lady, where have you been??? :0)
Letting go doesn<U+FFFD>t mean giving up ... it means accepting that some things weren<U+FFFD>t meant to be
I have a Kindle and I think it's great, so.
WE ARE FINALLY FOLLOWING EVERYONE BACK...SPREAD THE WORD... IS DOWN FOR EVERYONE....XOXO
#mla12 tip: If someone tells you a publisher is not considering first books, be skeptical.
Athens get ready for the PBRART EVENTs check out PBRart.com today!
Austim come to england
thought you disappeared
y are u Jews going against David Weprin who is also a Jew
Taigs loves Frost Friday
Discovered the deliciousness of raw fennel! Yum!
Gym soon(:
you need. Anyone that truly loves you feels that way. It physically and emotionally pains us to see you torment yourself like
Cloudy & rainy morning in ATL - like it!!
I'm just guessing, but probably one of the early signs that your radarscope is wearing out is something I call 'image fuzz-out.'
"APT is a controversial term that ... has become a useful shorthand for 'We’re pretty sure it came from China.' <via #infosec >
Thanks for the retweet darling!
Thanks! I figured...what the heck? :-)
When you don't get an explanation for the inexplicable, none is forthcoming.
TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS FOLLOW BACK
I literally just said "You suck Jeremy" when I heard u say the week's outlook. Motherhood hasn't changed me! Lol.
Kids gone to school its rainy out head hurts you kno what that means...Z
Free complementary appetizers (chef's daily choice) during Happy Hour (5 to 8)
Normal girl problems: Gets invited to two parties, can't decide which one to go to. Directioner problems: Two-sided posters.
Love is all you need, if by love, you mean avocados.
Thanks so much for the kind words
Excited about sending , the President, and , the VP of Creative Development to Haiti next week!
Just had a listen through first mix of the studio version of Disney Princess Disasters. Fun!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe legs open easier and easier .
Those border patrol agents on the amazing race seem like little bitches. Wow.
You're getting a little to attached
Yaaaayyy!!! BEiber ARmy!!! Show me the way!!!! I want to be a cadet!!!
“: Dear Ex, Just because I'm nice to you, Doesn't mean I want you back... Sincerely, We broke up for a reason.”
Awesome tango night at The Beehive! Cool place.
Thanks Josh. We are happy to have you on board coach!
I know, I wasn't at the meeting. :)
“: hey! Question of the day what sound does a goldfish make?”
Thank YOU for the follow. We need all of the supporters we can, to help end homelessness in America once and for all.
Specimens, or cross-sections, or mounts. Meant to be used for botanical identification, useful for craft history too.
Yes, incredible
In other, non related news. never emails me back. Jerk.
it says not yet -_-
who casts u5 for Grimm and leverage
"...the strongest force within you." According to Albert Edward Wiggam Is Your Mental Image Of Your self.
Thanks for joining ZoomShift! If you any questions about getting started feel free to contact us.
Can you give me a call at the NFLPA office or DM me, business question
Nice ball movement
fall break ='s late night movie time!
Almazbek Atambaev Will Probably Be Kyrgyzstan's Next President via
Two of my FAVORITE Music Ministers EVER! Still a fan of both you guys!
that's good too !(:
This has got to be the longest bus journey IN MY LIFE :/
YES, NOW WE JUST GOTTA MAKE SURE IT'S WEDNESDAY AND WELL BE ALL SET
Sidenote: I need a twitter coach, any takers :-)
Friendship is about trust.
I've lived on Oklahoma City most of my life, and yet every severe weather season, the TV weather people mention towns I've never heard of.
w/Alexandra Greeley-- getting ready for a Chef Aaron McCloud lunch feast!
NUCLEAR MEDICINE TECHNOLOGY
Thanks for the RT ! We hope the article provided you with some important takeaways!
He dead.
Really I only flirt with the rage. I'm a hairless monkey spinning on a watery rock. Tomorrow I'll do pushups to keep the chimp at bay.
Charm??.?. RT : I think Romney is waiting for the last ten minutes to turn on the charm.
checking in on the education-focused #Apple event...
Can you snort Valium? I am asking for a friend.
Coyote Ugly New Orleans for the Win! Let's get Ugly!
I woke up sick:/ and am feeling better now(:
Rich, fatty foods are like destiny: they too, shape our ends.
Ok, you asked for it, I uploaded the free admission pass - who remembers how to find it??
haha well sell the books haha
"Ballin' is my hobby" -Clay Matthews
Haha that is true!
Tried to stop eating all of the chocolate at work. Pile of wrappers next to me=fail.
nstead of studying. I'm so ready <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Finished a new bomb today with now need to finish 3 more!!!!
Lost $5 in about 5 minutes to the quarter slots at the Cal-Neva.
I'm a cowboys fan and I say he's a sure fire hall of famer without a doubt
AYE AYE AYE me + u, imma tell u one time. RT if you remember the boy in the grey hoodie!
Extremely cute guy at the mall, but with his mom and dad..
Meerkats recognise another member of their social group by the sound of their voice, according to scientists
thats the truth!
There is now. Check out new look on With Eric West
he always does!! ;) ps he misses you!
time to start franchising?
NF Ms Diva back .... Hope u enjoyed your bday partying. It was great seeing you & partying w/all of u. See u soon :)
Husband: "I don't know why you wear a bra, you've go nothing to put in it." Wife: "You wear briefs, don't you?"
MU has to win 2 to get a #2 seed. Not a huge difference between the 2 and 3 seed though, so don't burn out.
Tribe Steppaz vs. I-cue vs. Chuck B - Rock the funky beat/ Tribe Steppaz - Playa Hate... coming soon on Hum Fi Dub records, Los Angeles
coffee with your man
home game or in a casino?
Preach the Word! Be prepared in season and out of season! 2Timothy4:2 graduation 2day! As leaders never forget this verse!!!
Just had the schwag delivered for Sundays Jewish Federation of Las Vegas charity poker tournament, come one and all and have a great time !
#Fuckoff I dont wanna hear what you have to say.
RT : You can only give a person so many chances before they start to take advantage of your forgiveness.
Six #occupysd protesters have committed themselves to a hunger strike until police allow structures back in the Civic Center.
Of course the 85 bus is late this morning- it's on time maybe once a week... 15 minutes and counting
changed my life...
Aren't we all! Where are you headed?
Louie is the best comedy on TV.
And it's not even Easter.
Testing Entourage Beta on one machine, IE 8 beta on another.
AT&T Hackathon is starting at F5 Networks, 24 hours of fun
I-94 repaving project is much nicer with someone else driving!
Doing some writing and thinking not move related and it is nice to once again exercise my brain. Oh how I missed you rhetorical thought.
Happy Muh-fckin New year... Make it a good one!
- thanks Marc and that is why I look at it as a true life skill-- when you learn and give to others, it makes it more fun also
That's cool. So you have a birthday coming up...
haha, I thought of that right after I clicked "tweet"!
Hey now!!!! Welcome bro:-)
I really want to just literally start playing violin... I wonder why.
GM pastor
Was just keeping you informed .....and by the way thanks for the follow
"If you have a culture which says "throw out programmers that make mistakes" you might as well... give up"
Ok yeah that. Sure. Any kid.
Today I went to one of the Twin Cities most romantic restaurants. W.A. Frost & Company. They're offering a 6 course Vday dinner for $130.
Yes, #singlepayer #MedicareforAll would be much, much better - constitutional, cover everyone, save tons of money.
Might as well attend a high school game. #lame “: We have announced it, but is at undefeated, #11 Houston."
Ha! I see
I am so annoyed right now. We have been experiencing issues all week! What is going on over there?
SEASON 4 OF RHONJ STARTS TONIGHT!!!!
Don't you suppose that all the people who bought stocks late today will be hammered on Monday and Tuesday?
Thanks for the follow!!!
Let's do. How's your Thurs or Fri eve?
I need a good lawn guy!! The guy I had is no longer answering his phone!! Who knows a good person?
Do you think he's like a Joaquin Phoenix? Like if we shave him, and cut his hair, and get rid of the glasses, he might b hot?
Facebook has some of the gayest fucking rules ever
haha thanks Simon
thanks buddy
Always give a chase. If you're easy to get, you'll be easy to forget.
Don't forget that Tango Lessons and S.I.N. night are cancelled tomorrow. They will resume next Tuesday!
Bed, Laptop, Food, Drink & Family Guy = Perfect Night In<3
Chris Christie Approval Rating Highest Ever Among New Jersey Residents. The people of NJ have to support him or they will be dinner.
Damn I need to borrow somebody netflix password
Why do people do stupid she like get red, white, and blue hair?!?! Then get mad when people look!!
We would love to help your customers take their heating and air needs to the next level with temperature automation!
i heart
Off to the house. I have class tonight. I want to get some time to chill and eat before class tonight.
Now I know who to go to next time! (If there is a next time!) :)
#edcampcincy #homework Can we FLIP things around? The PRACTICE time should be with the teacher. Can we do the presentation somewhere else?
Ready for the #Heatgame tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
No, I don't want to follow Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter, Twitter. Quit suggesting it. I don't care how much they paid you. Stop. Just..no
Thank you!!
HOLD MAH DICK
Blink-182 > your existence
Mad Men, Arrested Development
I didn't do anything my school just taking stuff way to far..
nice. Yah it was way rad
when r u off
I bet if I used that line, it just might work.
Know why I never get on here anymore? Because over half of my tweets are GONE! ?? Anyway, I'm still around. Doing art and writing novel.
waiting for to get home... I miss her
TREE INFO-Treat Birch Trees for Bronze Birch Borer! Preventive application best as adult borers not affected by post infestation treatment.
Let’s all have a great week filled with an abundance of great opportunities!
As much as I hate my mom sometimes I don't know what'd I'd do without her pyscho ass #loveyou <U+2764>
West Hollywood!!! Gay Pride Parade today, hope the sun comes out of the closet soon too
Good answer for a Sunday morning!
You can like people music if they in yo city pay homage fuck hate.
Hatef, meet RT : Excited to meet your new New Media Director! Congrats
yeah. I gottcha cars.... I'm just kinda scared cuz I don't wanna go to jail.. I've never been and it don't sound fun at all
The $1M question: Do you know what you would say to a #donor who asked, "What would you do w $1M?"
Injured Pop Warner Player Undergoes Surgery
oh man it's awesome!! If your dad doesn't want to go let me know!
I believe i'm more excited :)
Don't know of any family over there now, but do know that's the origin of my last name. Been in the US for several generations tho.
Hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving and made it back home safely. Anybody do any community service? Tweet us all about it.
"Mom they're not racist..." -
Dude, your first name is Meyers. You shouldn't taunt anyone.
Pump up phrase of the day is: Get Some. Use and abuse it players!
I just read in the black voice that Jordan Barkley&Magic weighed in on King James more black on black hate
Motorcyclist just drove from 10th Ave to 9th Ave alongside Lincoln... On The Sidewalk. Don't think that counts as legally cutting lanes.
I havnt been on here like this in a while
before I heard this story, I never would've known that band geeks to hazing too.
Morning Tweeters!!! What am I thankful for?! It's Friday!!!
RT : Donate 100$ to the indiefunda campaign and we cover in a 10 article series the topic of your interest :...
no ; demand !
i wonder if he cusses out mark reynolds in chinese under his breath every time he makes an error
and I make some pretty good pancakes . <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Sorry we won't be there. Have great carols and better times! RT : Eve of the eve in about 5 hours!
I'm just going to assume you Retweeted that cuz you think i'm supercool, not cuz you're making fun of me
With my babeh!!
but yeah there is this one guy that says it while meaning it. And there's U :D <3 <3 <3 seriously thank u
Rehearsing with Nat,Alex,Thomas,David,and Quasim.Can't believe im the only girl in the band. :D
i wanna go to new york man....
At the gym trying to be buff. :) I think I have a ways to go.
What happened to #SouthBeachTow did I miss it
justin I am really sick could u tell me to feel better if u do I will feel better plzzz! Sick sick!!
I want you to be my boothang <3.
Sat: Horseshoe Pitching Contest, Demolition Derby ($15 Pit Pass), & Stock-Semi, Tri-Axle Dump & 4X4 Truck Pull ($15 Hook Fee - $10 Pit Pass)
Howdy- We still on for lunch? Just come into Barkley and ask for me and we'll walk. You can use garage
We're making a short film. About a talking Goldfish. Yep. It's magic.
You have a website. You are doing SEO. But, are you doing any real marketing? Testing slogans...really trying to sell your products?
M Johnny Depp!
Fire alarm's been going off in #MIA AA D Concourse for a good 15 minutes now. Is it impacting flights at this point?
Belinda Why do U have a seering headache why is my nervous system in shakes mode ask ASIAN female passenger on PCC/SHUTTLE
Despite the dopeness of TDKR trailer, those movies are still TOO depressing (as are the graphic novels).
Over turned Semi Truck in Moon Twp. Clean up underway, but Road is closed. Stay away from University Blvd at Stoops Ferry Rd.
True dat! RT : Ya need a Sheboygan hard roll for that double brat der!
and then you shit yourself.
Gained no followers, k. RT this ! :)
There's nothing I detest more than someone who constantly interrupts others bc they feel that their opinion holds far greater importance.
Every contrarian bone in my glorious body tells me Gold and Crude are moving down sooner rather than later. getting ready to short em.
you told me you were from The chi I said what part you said Lorain <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>where they do that at!
awww well thank you sweetie ;) I appreciate that!
Using Tucson Alarm, instead of ADT, saves the average customer over $2,000 in the first 10 years of service. Free doesn't look so cheap now.
is my idol, he goes through so much bullshit & haters. I can never thank him enough for that.
Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something
You know how when you're supposed to be working, but it's too nice out so instead you sit outside and do nothing? Yeah that.
Girls Only Party tomorrow-- come in your 'Moulin Rouge' best!!!
entrepreneurship, branding, the way tech/web is/has changed our world, an more!
looks like a great book, wish the link didn't take me to Amazon site.
I went birding and hugged a tree for #Earthday, what did you do?
Good Morning!! Love You All!!
is going to Philly for the weekend and hoping to check out the National Constitution Center for the first time!
It might be a long week if....you're already fried and it's only Monday. Doh.
So excited to have you as a speaker at our Summit in May!
I'm so excited to see tonight! This will be a great warm up session for !!
thnx for follow!
was he in a half shirt? Details are necessary.
Hip hip hooray for
I have the best boyfriend in the world
Just won 7 str8 bball games ya boy was killing it. now hookah bar time.
Love tonight's episode! What is on your bucket list? What would be included in your BEST party ever?
thank you :-)
Thanks Amanda :)
I know, it was out there, no pics? They did roll some of the ideas into OkCupid Locals...
Been under the weather! Tired and most of all starting my life anew. 2010 is gonna be good.
Do you like and And you want 1/2 price lift tix Prez Day, and to board with us? email me
please follow me gratias tibi ago
Gettin "My Twitter profile was viewed 166 times today! Click here to see who views your profile" that takes to a survey site.
dude what the fuck?!!? :l i'm sorry about that shit. today can ONLY get better. it fucking better.
RT : . we help you get followers just follow us and the owner <U+25B6>...
Help Indy Reads win $10,000 w/ Indy Indians LEND A HELPING GLOVE! Vote for FREE. Text READS to 86132 - more info @ www.indyreads.org
Having an early dinner tonight ruined my motivation to work. I'm forcing myself to do it though. Kicking and screaming.
very true!! Lol
watch your fuckin mouth sludge. You're still my protege.
walking across mass ave to the Berklee building
can't wait to see you!
You really should see Armitage Gone! Dance at MCA tonight. But accept the earplugs distributed at the door.
Serious love to all on the streets now. MT : My May Day was underwhelming what with moving... Keep fighting, comrades.
I think you just seen me at my nastiest.. #ohwell #youstillwantme <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Oh wow!! Using a "big word" out of context doesn't make you any smarter! So #dumb!
Finally, got to change my profile pic and months of trying.
#nowplaying Last Night on Earth Green Day
you too Judy- how is everything in your world?
Dirty Money Give Me Dirty Looks
boy me too
haha I'm not sure I'm Bro enough for these.
Even tho she is being petty
<derailed>The #Cain Train</derailed>
Solid work!! Thanks for posting!!
Just promise me you'll think of me every time you look up in the sky and see a star.
AAR Receives FAA Approval for 747-400 Oxygen System Retrofit - The Leading Aviation Industry Resource for News, Equipment and
You know someone who knows me?
ugh! I need info and is not loading. I'm trying to plan my bday, people!
What is the state of the field of military history? Pretty bleak so far.
"Juju's petals!" "Bumbles bounce!" etc. I prescribe a dose of classic Christmas movies and TV programs.
I tuned in to see on the TV. Why isn't on my TV!?
thanks for the shout out!
thanks for the grat breakfast and service today at our CEO Panel!!
LOL true. I might have to miss that one too.. or spend the game tweeting trash. lol
Wrong word? Thought that was the term ...
I know you do! All that swirling and different fonts. "It's just like a movie".
I've been up since 6 this morning. This is way too early to be up during summer break.
New to the area? We'd love to have you in!
Tyler pimping #EMC and #VNX at the first #VCE event in PA! How's that for hashtags? null
Watch sex and the city 2 OR a deadly firefight with the Taliban Hmm..Get my Guns!!!!
Bahahah such a weirdo RT : Omg 1,000 reasons I love mario GIVE ME THAT FILET OF FISH
That explains it. Worst food in the world (with the possible exception of anything Scottish).
she ordered my phone ealier today,its gon be here by thursday hopefully or before that
Who invited you into our league anyway,
How was lunch?
i love youu to (:
Oh hey, im sorry to tell you that we accidentally cut off your daughter's legs(; x'D man i hated that demanding sub.
So you know, Neil and the munchkin are in the dome, but I'm having way more fun watching the game and reading tweets!
apparently we are all guitarists over here!
You're lucky to have met Austin, Alex, and Mama Mahone. What is not obvious? :).
Doing an economics study guide for our final test. its 86 questions. And I have a 100 Question government study guide to do.
I just virtually insulted someone but then gave em like a virtual hug afterwards, ah the power of the internet.
4real go download my young mix tape and new tracks I got bars lol
all I know is the Buena vista in the SFO united terminal will have a bar stool with my name on it in a few hours
thank you for your follow :D Blessings to you my new friend!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was to thirsty for followers now I see that don't matter
Email Marketing + #SocialMedia #SMM = True Engagement
The moon looks so beautiful right now
"Ultimately, this is a practice in letting go." Thank you, yoga.
i only look good in a couple pics
We are officially a two income family again! This is great since I never became a librarian to support a fam of 4. Lol!
Has way more in common with that you might've thought. And, there's beer. Good to meet u guys
Bingo and then date night with my booski! Much needed drinks:)
haha, same here. What would your song be? I used to think mine shd be Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap.
Im boutta tweet random stuff ...
How Amare get hurt after the game? I think someone is trying to avoid embarrassment. Smh I smell a broom sweepin up knickerbockers.
glad you guys are having fun :)
10 Things You Don ’t Know About ‘We Bought A Zoo ’ Star Matt Damon (PHOTOS) The holiday season always brings about some great famil
yes sir, ryan in nc agrees
Good morning! Mocha Java and House blend brewed today! Got a few fundraiser orders in!
So strange - my students could do similar effects on PP - but they were a revelation in 1977!
Hell yeah n glad of it!! Taught me well rt": have you ever had your heart broken?"
#NowPlaying #Stand I love this song so much!
WHAT? No STREAMING ON 95.5? It's my only way to listen tonight.
How's spring break going? Any big plans?
I'm starting to know the Charlotte airport too well.
yes #bruins won <3344
Jackie Moon: I , Jackie Moon, will wrestle a bear.
Free advice: threatening to write a bad review on TripAdvisor will not result in getting something that is impossible to do, in any event.
I've heard magnesium/zinc supplements(in food state if possible) help as well
Anyone planing a cable protector for the #c300 ? Those two monitor leads freak me out a bit :-/
Who else likes the smell of Rain for some reason?
It's totally understandable that he would cut a deal. Sorry for your loss Doyle.
Happy Easter!!
Congrats to - I think 1300 Fan Pages is a Facebook record. lol
RT About to enjoy two days off in a row? A humble reminder that workers had to *fight* for a 40 hour work week.
,thank you my friend for so many Rts
I do not care if its not freezing. Im always cold. So today im warm and cozy:) #yesh!
#FavMusic #BigTimeRush #KCA ?they deserved this award for all there hard work?
I hate telemarketers!
I'm always baffled when my mother comes in my room.
I can't stand stupid
wow I mention jb and everyone is after me. Hope all is well Jan!
awh thanks girl. (:
Hi, I was just wondering if you had to call the registration line on your website to register or if you do it through email?
follow me bak !
Whoever invented 'not giving a fuck' is a fucking genius
was saved by my smart phone. Hyatt wanted $15 to scan and email 3 pages. Found a #FedEx store 2 blocks away that did it for $6.
oh forgot you went cold turkey on the cymbalta. Bad idea.
Oh sorry my internet is down. There's a construction going on next to my house, I think they cut my cable off.
“: yessir bringing #PositiveEnergy to the world” Couldn't be more ready to make it happen brotha
Thank you for watching! Blessings!
2 cartons of grape juice instead of 1
The camaro lookin legit right now
On book 6 of the Sookie Stackhouse series! Going through withdraws already! Hope Charlaine Harris writes more quick!
Whoever said "you can't fold a piece of paper in half 8 times" has clearly never seen me wipe my ass with the last sheet of toilet paper.
That awkward feeling when you realize that you somehow inadvertently dressed like Mork today and it's too late to do anything about it.
Last night was insane but so much fun xD
google runs shit. point blank
Cowboys! That is all.
Hello Tweeps, help me s/o Happy Bornday to my fam !
About ready to watch LSU lose!
“: The gym is calling my name, but my bed is holding me captive. #firstworldpains”
Everyone Support Single Release Monday : D ! And Follow Her !!!! Now!
Haha yes lawd! It's def gonna be hard to pull out of the parking lot on Friday..
One must hav a good understanding
you & are all talking on my voicemail lol
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
a lot of them say to just take out the battery which I'm sure you've tried
Ahahahaha. You'll be fine!!! Nothing to worry about. Your life won't be taken from you. Aha! -JChuck
thanks for the mention, if you're still in UWS you should join us for a pickup game or group fitness activity!
Beaverton School levy failing at this hour...This is a district that really supports it's schools. KOIN Local 6 News
Who wants FREE OIL changes? Last Chance 2 hours left one maintenance package remains. Call Tony- (720) 560.1383
I don't like him, but I have a lot of respect for him. Going after Brock even tho his mouth was all bloody was great.
Although I missed start of the speech, so didn't hear this... MT Tells tale of gay soldier who heroically saved a life during WWII
Oh man, LeRoy Bell's voice is so smooth! Now that's talent!
I wasted 15 bucks on the juke box last night just to hear Broken Social Scene and The Smiths play next.
LOVE it. Ps how cool is it that Ohio had 4 teams in the sweet 16
my head spun around so fast i was like WHAT.
Just watched , a doc about Magnetic Fields. Delighted to learn that Stephin Merritt resides in Los Angeles.
hahahaha! Yeah so everytime the women in black popped up id always end up facing the people behind me ! I was SO scared!
. hope the #NBALOCKOUT is done tomorrow. I need something to watch and I'm not white enough to watch
Happy Women's Day!
We're always voted CLE's top Mexican restaurant! We'd love to see you 'aqui'!
Thanks so much. Please spread the good word.
what's your favorite austin cover? (:
lol. Those rap battles are pretty cool. Eminem tore it up.
thanks for the tip! I will try strawb & guava asap :D
still counting down... get ready for sept 26... it's not that far away...
Back atcha! Can't wait to see what's in store for you, lady!
#PerfectGuyForMeIs Someone I can trust
at least they are scoring. Our wings couldnt score on prom night right now
Sometimes I'm just so happy to sit in bed, watch Reno 911,! and eat waffle crisps.
Now that I am starting school again, I might have to leave Facebook. It is a great big distraction (albeit entertaining)!
i am so happy i found on here. it is really her.
Are DMV workers required to hit an "uglify" button before printing out your license? Christ.
Have always been a #Peyton fan, but not a #bronco fan. What will happen to #Tebow?
the worse for us is 2nd Saturday. Bands of drunken a-holes roaming the streets.
I've been telling close friends that it's not really about God, Jesus, or religion; the true battle here is between humans & psychopaths.
New team registration process will be launched for summer 2010 season. This release includes open registration for leagues.
Final game of #ptdka taking less time than I needed to type this.
Ha. I'm watching that too.
Make yo money Rickie Lee $$$$$ yes!
In traffic on the turnpike smh!! And this dude from S.C trying to holla <U+E113><U+E113>
really surprising comments coming from espn “: Joey Votto deal right where it belongs...below Pujols and above Fielder”
Passion breads success! Are you passionate about what you do?
RIP AJ Davis
you would be nothing without my subliminal motivation...
Jim Carrey is winning
Rain boots kinda day (:
100% refund if I'm not 100% on at least two picks. Only $50 entire weekend.. TopShelfBets.com
Benefit for the East Lansing Art Festival (3/30)
Ask to follow back:] thx to 105 followers, love u guys!
Ms. Jen is getting ready for Tots Tuesday happening at 10:30 in the library! Kids will be making awesome "rainy day pictures!"
just a feeling i got about you lol
Im King Bitch Though<3
They are playing Taylor Swift on four different stations in #Kentucky right now. I finally found a reason to come home.
You know, because I'm a horrible person.
Blech! Less oaky than I thought. And if it's cold enough, I can't taste it. Ha!
this is my first year at IU when i haven't dated anyone. glad to see i'm headed in the right direction.
Welcome STARTALK participants and families!
Ok... u just missed one on sunday... but i will let you know when and where the one in may will be.. I aint see y'all in so long!!
thx for the rt! Loved my first night of cooking. Turned out great. Looking forward to tonight's dinner. After I do the dishes! ; )
I've gone from subbed to digest to browser bookmark to wait til someone tells me I should look :)
#FF these social folks:
I have neglected you. Or gave you a bit of a vacation... Either way, get ready!
yeah; between the blinding agony in my spine, #TheWalkingDead & #Spartacus, I haven't been doing a lot of sleeping lately ;-)
It's so cold in my office that I have stopped aging
anytime "Roman"
See you in a bit.
Lost some followers from that Jesus tweet. x]
wish #oomf woulda stayed up a little longer..
I can't wait until wednesday so i can stop depending on people to take me places
Here's a Holiday tip: TAKE A DAY OFF! I will if you will....
yess definitely!! I miss you too! And tell the rednecks that I miss them too haha
are there unofficial accounts using your name?
I love how my mom is blasting old 70s R&B at midnight. Now go to sleep...
BEACH TIME!!!
if true... what a shame. RT insiders reporting governor walker will refuse to veto the provision harming craft brewers.
The Green Line is a a spectacle: snaking paths, some lines at floor level in subway stations, trains stretched upwards
Initially the shirts sold out. Due to the high demand we're backlogged a bit, please be patient it should be arriving any day.
ITS ALMOST MAY WHICH MEANS ITS ALMOST #GEMINI TIME!
be careful out there #pittsburgh it's slippy!
Don't see any tweets from ACRL Scholarly Communication Workshop at FSU. Guess I'll start.
Let`s see those abs when you have earned that t-shirt !
Got a B- in my personality class that I did all my work in the last 2 weeks for lol.. wish it would b dis easy for history class..
had those oreos yesterday!
#YouWasSexyUntil you started talking. Shut the hell up, bitch.
Do you think you’re in love with your songs? Is this a good idea?
Glad you were here to enjoy it! We always love to see you!
Wanting a shirt because it say Australia on it.
Banjo time.
I Need A Walk -_-
in order to supply your full daily recommended of vitamin SUGAR?
Thanks for joining us on Cinco de Mayo!
yes - beat him in Oz the yr he got final - also at WTF's last yr.
I plan on getting that game once it gets to $10 range. How long is the game?
#PISSED my mom is on my last nerve <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
It was a pleasure speaking at the Indiana Commission for Economic Education Annual Awards Ceremony. Hope everyone is having a great Friday!
And I got the exact same non-Metro-related message (it was about Schumin Web) from all five accounts. I call it spam.
That was an epic party!
I did thank u
Dream Job will be sharing the stage with States WedSept.14 8pm This will no doubt be a fun show!
Our website is down until tomorrow, please see our temp site at www.deidhrafaheyphotography.com!
awww tell her i said ur welcome nd my mom said tell her thanks :)
Hampstead hill academy uses student achievements & the arts. Ft dance, music & art teacher. Budget dedicated to consumables for materials.
Got my mind on my money all I need is a bad bitch.
glad you stumbled! Thank you!
HAHAHA What the hell was that Caballo.
let me kno when ill go
Couple of turnovers. Kings down by 1 with 10:09 mins left in the half. Score 34 to 32.
Rip Joe Pa We will always love u
I love girls
Can't wait to get my new system in my car !!
I know you do :)
Chicago a cappella sings brand new concert of spirituals at Wentz Hall, Saturday Feb 4, 8pm! Tix at door.
ok, i can see how that would work for a different aspect of my stuff than what i was thinking of before.
I Want You Back ?
Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional ~ Chili Davis
all fine thanks
If one more person says that about me! Lol RT : u so sometimesy lol
Co-wokers convinced I am old/lame. Off to cash in Comfort One groupon to prove them right
With Jacob :)
Chicken butt! Go around the corner and look it up! Thats whats up.
Sometimes I feel sorry for Dr. Guillotin.
(Someone had to marry him, she said Though knowing nothing of context.) With that, you're looking hale and hearty today!
Thank God for Life and Experiences
hi cutie :) hows your day going?
please follow guys:)ily<U+E022>
I'm extremely proud to say that I don't know who Vinny is.
I'll take it!
I celebrated Tuesday by driving 240 miles through the Sonoran desert and changed a flat tire at the halfway point.
The Golden Archipelago leaked. My life is complete, a month early.
As do the dying see the heavens in their last hours so do this dying world in the last hours of Christ return.
Okay. Finally unlinking Twitter posts from everywhere. That should do it.
Women especially, strong arm robberies are what the fellas love to do to you. They will rip that phone from your hands with ease
If so, I'd love to hear about it. Search and destroy, baby.
o/u on Kobe's FG% this postseason- 41%
RTL essays are evil.
I sent a text to my hubs that he is a tasty snackysnack...but autocorrect made it snarky snack. He was like WTH?
Hey Farmers...Grand Reserve Headband is back and ready for roasting....come by and check it out. ;)
take a photo, go to menu or something and select send to twitter. Thats how it is on mine, it should be similar on your phone.
Big projects in the works! I am excited but exhausted...time to SLEEP.
“: Of woman not born, a king he can slay! Who knew a C-section could save a whole play? #SeussSpeare #WomensHealth"
These stupid surveys suck
I lyk it loud
Scared me when he said NAP haha thats my initials haha! :)
Hey! waddup bro?!
Foursquare! (Built any brand-based campaigns/check-in-challenges lately?)
I'm a Celtics fan, comrade. Good use of peon, which I didn't expect as I suspected you to be a plebeian.
#NIT Ticket Giveaway starts NOW! Follow us and RETWEET by NOON on Tuesday for a chance to win 2 tix to the game!
Looking for a new laptop. Must be a workhorse, but light weight. Appreciate any and all suggestions.
RT : Currently 50% off all Whistling Straits Adidas-Ashworth Apparel All used clubs are 30% off! Sun Mountain Micro Cart 150
Ravens' Ray Rice hosts anti-bullying forum in Howard County - Baltimore Sun
The review for Haywire is up on the site, but FB seems to not like my link, so you will have to head over and check it out yourself.
I'm on the opposite side of the states! Portland, OR. So sad =(
My biggest problem with BOs flip flop... he said he was against it because he is christian and God was in it. So where did God go in 3 yrs
you're not crazy! Its true!
Lol it would be bigger than Austin's dick ;)
They go to that place where they find guys to admit they take Viagra.
Thanks for the tweet David!
I stay up late every night and realize it`s a bad idea every morning
excellent launch! Thanks for sharing.
Ready for another session of #AFTALAC with !
I'm voting No! But who trusts my opinion....
Dinner out with friends tonight, then will be looking for some good local San Diego music. Any suggestions?
Thank you so much :)
Clogs! Sanita is best brand, not wood bottoms.
Ways to improve gas mileage... Change air filter, reduce load weight like golf clubs, Properly inflated tires, use recommended octane gas
Still trying to figure out how a good night turned into getting ban from the Palazzo and the Venetian FOREVER.......
In April, TPS helped a design firm write an article for a publication for business leaders.
Are we about to eat a box of pizza today.
So glad you made it in, thank you
saved lives in Vegas. Conference logistics simplified and reckless nightlife easily coordinated. I'm hooked.
S.I.N.G.L.E. Stuck In Nocturnal Girl & Love Evaluation. L.O.V.E. Look Over Various Emotions. Will I ever find love ain't no telling
Peace,love and soul
Thinking about the inauguration
Jim...I, for one, will not miss the NBA season.
Loved it. You've got a future with Leno.
You my friend, are one hell of a man.
I put this Coconut Ciroc up in her Cake batter.....
DC shuts off the spigot; GeoEye thinks there's only enough cash for one fat & happy photographer. I smell a ripe-for-disruption opportunity.
Working on a new book(: It's called "Entries of a Bored Teenager With a Chronic Disorder" for now...
I swear is white. Change his name from Efe to Edward & we should swap skin colors. Life would be easier for the both of us.
RT : Return the skyline to the sky. No building you build can be high enough to reach the sky.
Still got the Heat winning this game tho!
I call mine my bearadactyl.
How you gone wanna watch my house but not stay on my block
"Blessing: Feeling major baby movement today. I forgot the feeling until it hit me.. Literally."
I blaze on a path untried, prayin to the heavens like it's do or die. Still they can't see it in me, how can you be my brother G?
Watch tomorrow in the 8am & 10am hour to see hit Ted Williams () talk about his new book
We sure that's not 2 years $0.7 million? RT: Source now confirms done deal for Jacoby Jones two years, $7 million
Downtown St. Louis Live entertainment this weekend in Red. Tony Simmons Duo performs both nights from 9pm-12am. See you there!
I've been home alone all day! :( I've had way too much time to think.
sounds trivial only until you are trying to walk across campus with a blister on your heel. Then you see the wisdom. :)
Do you need to take a model of being an artist that is "Selfless" or "Self-Centered" Can't it be both
Feeling lucky this Friday? Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for a chance to win a free pizza weekly! Normal messaging rates apply.
Shoutout to Purple Aires for that aweso,e performance of Battle of Jericho! ...But where was the descant?!
RT : Speaking this afternoon in Da Town 's home grown<----got ya strap!!"
thank you! <33
can't wait to see #TimeMachine by on Saturday! this is the last weekend
Let me butt in and say nice meeting you too. Will see you in a bit at the Health IB session. ( - timothy)
thanks for the follow now i can mess with u on twitter instead of doing it @ the front desk
another beautiful day on the waters of alamitos bay! who is up for a sunset ride?! call or email us to reserve! 562-546-2493
thanks for blogging our letter protesting the #PayPalBan, and for the contest you're running! Great idea :)
new era of music is here its making a turn with youth we have
Sitting in psyc reciting the names of santas reindeer.
Good Morning Bro's And Hoes
I just now saw this Direct Message. Yes I did get your paper.
hay how r u ? How man more to go ??
There are thieves in the temple tonight.
are you mad?
Hating Stuck on runway again for over two hours, absolutely ridiculous.
Successful day off! Filed my taxes, hit the gym, and am halfway through my to do list for the week. Bring it, Wednesday!
Sorry, we didn't want you to miss out on all the fun! ;0/
i miss pensacola beach
On The Phone W. This Lame
Cool--I will definitely look for you!
Had a dream last night we were in 'The Horan Hall Hunger Games' ...
I barely even paid any attention to them before and now I find the wedding pins from all over a little much to handle. It's super strange.
dude if those kids be bitching lemme kno! They hit u up for a reason lol
"Drink On It" #NowPlaying and very soon #Happening with my sweet thang
Give Me Your Tumblr Links!
WE. ARE. FIGHTING.
I'm so glad I'm not watching this game. Regular season college baseball games are not worth the stress.
don't forget about Jimmy The Greeks copy of "The Origin Of Species"
pay my fines online?! what is this magic?
so true...“: Ladies you can't change him. That's God's job. The only women that ever changed me were babysitters. #youllgetitlater”
I took Spanish 3 last semester and dropped out over Christmas break! I barley passed first semester even with the translator!
I'm leaving today
So far this week has gone by #horrible #nosleep I just can't stop thinking....
I just re-uploaded. Check it out!
On a brighter note, Hey Lovlies!!!
hey hey , rolnicze disco .
These dogs go from apocalypse-scale trouble-making to snoring like 220 lb hoomans in the space of 10secs
and I'm not
I love it when I remember something happy. Puts me in a good mood.
Of course I did! #kidatheart :)
To prevent contraception - wear a condominium.
Just posted my first 'request' song titled "Seasons" Its a TMBG style nerd-pop ode to the 4 seasons, and no, not the band. Check it out!
I try not to judge if you misspell my name in a reply email even though it is in both the "From" field and my signature, but no promises.
Six days until Christmas...Do you have your shopping done? What's your favorite gift that you are giving this year?
Just updated my iPhone to 3.0. Update was easy, connecting to the Itunes store to activiate took a few tries, but worked. So far so good.
Driving cross-country listening to Gandhi's autobiography online! So inspiring!
When you walk through the garden...you better watch your back.
No school for me
HAPPY THURSDAY YA BETCHES!!! Meds are kicking in and I'm PUMPPPEEDD WHO!!!!
RT : RT : is training Fellows about on camera experience. #NLCInstitute. Look good, sound good...
Driving after midnight? Yup. That means it's time for Coast to Coast AM!
What could be better than MeanMugMusic! Am I wrong?
Hey - these clouds are making me nervous for Saturday, can I get a Gold Cup forecast???
shyt I'm n stone mountain now boo
yeap but at that time I was a strong Republican, then after thinking and examinging things I changed
Engaged in learning: Proficient
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings
Money ain't every thang but it the only an my niggas boy they keep it maintain
i know there are a few different groups that will be dancing, dont know the particular version. it will be just before 4pm
"A hat is not a hat unless it's tilted" -Frank Sinatra
Forget love, I'd rather fall in chocolate. ~ Sandra J. Dykes
#justathought At the end of the day, #Sex always wins...it's the Undefeated Heavyweight Champ of the world
I bet there's always a 20 year lag on symbols involving any human-made contraption, since contraptions are ideas.
You were one of my first convo's on here. The holds a special place. I was a Virgin Tweeter!
My son also has a CHD. He's 4 and has Tetralogy of Fallot.
Can't wait for with 2nite.
"They are pants one wears over ones regular pants when ones sits on bus seats others have previously sat on."- Sheldon
i'm upset. I'm imagining cuddling up to Jacky. I'm less upset
I'll be at the New Wines of Greece booth!
Take care of your body. It's the ONE element in life we somewhat have control over, so don't take it for granted.
Ah, there was some snark tonight. And I never did make it to but congrats to all the MFAs.
Allergies .... SUCK!
nice toss orton! oh wait, that's the orton we know.
Two weeks and counting. Do you have your tickets yet?
I hate protestors (abortion) that bring young children; #OWS bring your parents, grandparents, aunts & uncles for next peaceful protest.
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing
I only pooped once today. Thank you caramel ricecakes for saving a half a roll of toilet paper I guess
We searched for English by subject & by entering English as a search and we got the full listing of courses in course guide.
Tweets getting favorited from
I'm from the Box this how we speak "moolah" "Moolah Shufflin" fasst!!!
We've dubbed a dinosaur a scutosaurus. Or as Kenneth Branaugh says: scoot-a-saurus.
Busy day. 3 jobs to wrap up. Will keep you posted.
Lord give me strength
at the moment, I use flip to introduce novel...introduce terms that will come up in discussion...ie protagonist, etc
Thx for the mention. Did you stop by for lunch/dinner?
I generally don't flatten people. :-/
: you should record her and post it
First day wearing shorts in the #chi and just realized how white I am..
#LilWayneSongsILove Lollipop, How To Love, Let It Rock...
Wish I could throttle my payments to like throttles my data plan.
goshh how can Emily Osment cry that much on command? thats talent i tell ya.
holla he works the #PopHour and if ya available come see what ya can cook up..
John Rother: More is not always better in health care. Many times less is better.
Happy Birthday George Strait! {:
The greatest good we can do for others is not just to share our riches with them, but to reveal theirs.-- Zig Ziglar
please continue to lift my son jesse in prayer his in jail n he needs jesus n healing for his thyroid thank u frome the botom <3
#MadMen is too short!!! Bring on the indecipherable previews....
I swear as soon as you make your move to the top, people always wanna pull you down!
At #ocwcglobal conference. From - lessons on what opencourseware community should learn from open source community
. A happy month it is!
Hahah have fun!
congrats on the bebe! Mke to Chicago and am now in St. Louis. We're neighbors...kind of:)
“: did yu see that RT the other day. ? Some dude in FL played it in the club.” >> Frfr I didn't see it.. Wow
on choruses yeah but that That Girl track he did good with his rap
Head shot nigga fuck your vest!
so good!
At American clergy leadership conference pastors prayer breakfast to
Not advisable. And interests along the entire north. Gulf of Mexico coast should monitor the progress of this disturbance.
Is so good!
hah, very cute.
Check out sweet, sexy, cool
going HAM -he on it d studio is rockn it out u have 2 check them out live 1 day
You not coming to Belen's wedding?
Follow along to learn amore about #African development and
Lol okay so my babe wants me to post something cute....But what's cuter then him? :3
#TheMottoILiveBy Fast money, fast cars, and even faster women. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
: Thank you too!
Homaygaaahhhd. Lady Gaga will be in Manila on May?!! Can't miss this!!!!
I love you even if we live 1000000 miles away from eachother :) <3
If we don't kill ourselves, we'll be the leaders of a messed up generation.
that sounds about right. i'm sure he loves having you back in town :)
Will you pleasseee wish my friend Rosie a happy bday too? :)
any progress at the meeting with #DrRichardMason?
Movie day in the archives, watching the digital transfer of an archival film for QC!
Thanks 4 the advice yesterday! Feel a lot better.
Yep, really cool spot! You'll have to come out when I get a gig here!
In a crisis, don't hide behind anything or anybody. They are going to find you anyway.- Bear Bryant
spliffs & jazz music
We're gonna skate to one song, and one song only
Living the single life
I'll get them to follow you when they're online but lol you want me to unprotected it for u?:b
that was 's idea
don't think Obama made the right move for our black community!!
"I feel like you'd have a big dick"
Sounds wonderful... on my next break maybe I should make some tea.
Oh, the weather outside is frightful, but the books inside are so delightful!
Marathon reading of Maximus Poems at Ocean Beach on Saturday, February 25th starting at noon! email for details
Did someone leave the cake out in the rain?
If you are a wise man train up a son who will be pleasing to God
I have never been in a room with more minorities till now
Busy week planned, but it's all good!
RIP Dick Clark!
bet you'll be glad when the meeting's over! :)
Now Following Cause Im Infatuated With Her Twitter Name... Yessurrryy
Condensing a full lab into a cell phone... possible? Listening to some potentials at WBBA Mobilizing Miracles
is access to knowledge as good or even superior to the acquisition of it
Kick him! You know you want to.
Pray without ceasing ! Pray for family , enemies , government , strugglers . Everyone !
I should have hung out longer to night but: 1. I'm tired 2. I'm exhausted
80-plus vendors expected at this weekend&#39;s Home Improvement Expo
agreed. He's proud that he went to Tulane instead of Harvard like his brothers because he feels more grounded.
You are most certainly welcome!
Go follow the instagram
But we need to make the surface #parking lots on which they sometimes stand very expensive to own.
thanks. Sis. Tee. Pastor Lomax wrote one of the recommendation letters that got me accepted 2yrs. Ago! ;-)
It's just take'n time out to live!
Nexon America is an Equal Opportunity Employer and welcomes diversity
crazy 18th birthday party. She's a little wild to say the least. Good thing someone started a fight and it was over at 11:30
Your welcome! ^_^
Welcome, Claire! Thanks for the support! That coffee date we had really set me on a great course :) xoxo
I have mosquito bites EVERYWHERE. Stupid little bitches! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
5 mile run! Without debilitating fatigue after! 6 mile run, here I come.
It's freakin' hot dude . Not cute -__-
just watched a rerun of Uzbek episode. God this was one of the most entertaining ones!
what's good brah
Don't feel good today. Ugh
#Celtics need to Drive, if they slow down then they need to ISo wit Pierce & all help get those rebounds if he misses.
It's Not A Bitch Dhat Will Tell Yhu Dhat
good luck with your reading crap tonight. don't suck.
I finally figured out that #Forward means "Bend forward and grab your ankles. I'm not done with you yet."
": Nothing in life is easy. The things worth having are always worth fighting for."
Order sent to Beth in MD!
I LOVE YOU.
Yeah I Need A Better Method No Matter Wat I Say..Yell...It Gon One Ear Ot Da Other...
thx for coming!! -CV
There's a thin line between venting and whining.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. Wayne Gretzky
I like kobe and love the lakers but Jordan is Jordan. There isn't no comparison. No Lebron-Jordan nor Kobe-Jordan. Just Jordan-Jordan.
My inbox keep getting spammed <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
A man shouldn't want a girlfriend he should want a wife & a woman shouldn't want a boyfriend she should want a husband.
It's a long way with out you ain't it? But I ain't leaving any time soon baby #np #sammyadams<U+2764><U+2764>
Going through my wardrobe over & over waiting 4 the band to wrap up a session downstairs. Come on guys! There's law & order reruns to watch!
GO FOLLOW and he will follow back EVERYONE!
It is not what we get. But who we become, what we contribute... that gives meaning to our lives - Tony Robbins
I havent used this in a minute
Enjoy movies deals with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
ch 7 #fox life time the gym is fitness in penfield!
thank you very much!
After 4 hours of waiting + 3 years of swim training event 42 boys 9-10 25M FLY is here. Good luck Joseph! Reach for the wall.
thank you:):)
I'm right there with you. I would prefer they work on traffic views and improve navigation. Only thing I miss about my Droid.
Just took delivery of my 1979 Excaliber Phamton II, $350,000 well spent, might take it out for a drive tonight in downtown Atlanta
After that I turned off Fox News...
I don't want to see Mayweather and Bieber together in pictures anymore
where are you going to get an alligator to wrestle? Or has the beast population risen since I left?
Now all you need to do is get Minecraft for Xbox and all forever aloneness will disappear! lol
I love you no matter what other people think of you, you belong in 1D just as much as the others <333333333
1000 words. Double-spaced. Anytime. Anywhere.
Happy Holidays everyone! :-)
oh, haiiii Sam! (:
Old Country Potato Sausage today! They're off the heezy! I have triple D's! Dense Delicious Double Chocolate Cordial Cherry Brownies!
Way to go #RBJ Best of the Web
its called windows live movie maker..check if its in ur computer
I love just about every James Cagney movie & 1961 Billy Wilder film "One, Two, Three" is no exception. Funny cold war humor & smart dialogue
Wow, total psychopath.
that thing when you preheat the oven, cook something for 45 minutes, & when it's done, you realize eh, not what i'm craving.
Yess, I'd get you on video :)
Hey TJ, is that your question on stackoverflow?
The venting convo I had with made me realize how much I'm gonna miss playing with him.
come to Paris and I'll def whip up something good
- 46 me - 44...#epicfail looks like and me for 3rd place tomorrow... and for the ship.
Today is probably the last time my brother, sister, and parents will be together
Sorry, I just can't get over it.
the g in lasagna is silent
I want to take probably about 3/4 of the people in the western world and throttle them at the neck repeatedly. WHY are you so CRAZY?!
“: I wonder who this could be referring too~~~~~*~~~~~” oh lord . Take a guess
Ya know 2day I saw the line @ SAS -10.5 & said "damn, they aren't givin LAC ANY respect/chance". I guess they were onto something <shrug>
Got tickets 4 Memphis n May": nun foo im so tired.. Wat yall doing"
last time i had buffalo chicken i thought i was dying
Welcome to CTown!!!!
It is not the magnitude of our actions but the amount of love that is put into them that matters. - Mother Teresa
Thanks! I suppose that would be cool. Hasn't come up yet!
is looking forward to playing golf with my dad this morning
I see how y'all are on twitter when it comes to famous people. I'm going to make a #SlanderTheAuthor account when I make it.
hello sweetheart!!!
going to sleep in a minute ! im tiredd.
I'm jealous. I hate Bb
it will be, we have to wait for the person selling it to come in & ok the price
Evans. Why not.
follow me please sexy!
i don't act like this towards all women. just the annoying ones like you.
Santorum suspends campaign. Gingrich coasts. Paul trying 4 points. Romney de facto nominee. Bad time 4 commentators. What ta talk bout?
RT : Great career advice/life lessons from (), , in Peer to Peer...
I love how as soon as the class hears "I'd like to point out...", a massive sigh sweeps across the classroom
Campaign Ad 2012: Sponsored By American Coalition For Clean Coal Electricity - Washington Post
I think it's a reality in America's health care system. Could medicine beat all cancers? I am not sure?
Got my J.Cole and Big K.R.I.T tickets, oct is gona be the shit
hey hon hru?:)
i'm thinking a kugle-off has to happen
Sorry hun! We may have more opportunities this week.
Stuck in Windcrest Xmas light gridlock. Torn between road rage and holiday cheer.
lol he thought they were guys. (x
lol what season was that? My childhood thirst was at an all time level
? listening to Sirius XM U while driving to Twin Cities, MN
I still like Tami but not as much as I use to :/ lol
Angus Young from AC/DC when asked which effects he used: "I plug an SG into a Marshall. I'm the effect"
Stay off of I80 east, horrible accident has traffic at a standstill!
Happy to hear! Hugs
This is where we both get scared, this is where emotion flares.
good bowling session last night...had fun. Plus you got to hear "Boot Scootin' Boogie" twice.
Hey, any chance you could give a dude a retweet to salvage a night ruined by ROH not letting me watch a PPV I paid for?
Protesters interrupt stadium bill signing ceremony
big vet day! Alisun and I also had our pooches in. Hope she survived! :)
That means 35 people's lives are being challenged, developing leadership skills, self reliance, and giving service to others!!
Oh no. :( RT : Police says a plane with 21 people on board has crashed in Nepal -
wow! Maple and cream cheese are great additions!
Well, I'm resolved that it's unrealistic to expect this meeting will make up for missing the Mac & Cheese. No cutting. I'll just be grumpy.
A 5 year old who already prefers to draw on the walls, floors, furniture and herself. What is up with that?
I understand, David. Makes sense. I'll stay up on this..as you tweet:-)
nope I'm not trying to hear that
thx for connecting!
Lunch today Cadillac Square(Congress St) just east of Campus Martius(Woodward) 11:30-1:30. Do you need it delivered?
just show me now I'm Like far away
I wish people could pee for me sometimes!
Is "web 2.0" used as a flashy label for new tools and new technology and does it now have neg connotation?
Thank YOU!!! I hope U have been well. I look fwd to seeing U:)
Of course it can never top Jenna's 'it's really hard for me to watch american idol bc I have perfect pitch
popcorn and screeners makes me happy :)
Tim Urban needs to be voted off of American Idol...not really good singing tonight.
your welcome!!
Check out our latest website launch www.clinicalhcg.com
LOL Oh thanks! Now it's gonna be stuck in my head!!
I saw Mikey behind Pauly D!!!!! Freaking out right now!!!!
Getting ready to color Easter Eggs!!
Hello, Natalie
Okay let's try this again
Looking to try out a new salon for my #haircut...recommendations?
After many attempts this year a restaurant FINALLY nailed the Medium Rare burger request. Stay tuned to find out where. Any guesses?
before I just had a normal feed but it only showed my own tweets. So then i switched to favs, guess it was a bad idea.
you should have called me. I got 10 on a bottle LOL.
Just got back from a Fantabulous Night with some wonderful friends, a good piece of theater and scrumptious food... Life can be splendid!
Mark Sanchez is gonna take over NYC! The guy is a stud..Fight On!!
bout to get my hait did
Our Brand New Back Patio is Open Today! Check It out!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! (:
haha i know and thanks! :)
Nice Game Ducks!
A Tail of Two Piggies!
yup 'cause they don't care how I look or how popular I am. They like my personality (: haha
go on an adventure!
Happy New Year from all of us here at GoGameFace.com!
That awkward moment when you're ready to fuck her, pull your dick out, she gabs it, & starts laughing at how small your shit is!
Glad we can almost get back to ignoring the #Knicks for the irrelevant franchise that they are
Under what conditions does a finger NOT work a touchpad? Hardware is fine, my finger's dry. This is frustrating.
#Kforce has a consulting opportunity for a Project Manager. Experience with PeopleSoft Campus Solutions is a must.
Good to know. Find me I'm a tall bespectacled dude in a pink checkered shirt.
"We only said goodbye with words, I died a hundred times, you go back to her, and I go back to black."
you got my bald spot, you dirty SOB! Thanks for the beers, nice to meet everyone too!
Yes! Just the mention of that song takes me right back to my white skates with hot pink wheels!
Glitter is the herpes of arts n' crafts
Undefeated #UMass (lone D-I unbeaten) will take on #Colgate next Saturday afternoon at 2:30 on ESPNU.
It's okay, everyone! I bumped into Momma Broberg, my high school drama teacher, and now I'm happy.
Pet allergies could be due to food allergies.
let's go!
All up in ya facee man I hate to put ya through itt
Your welcome :D
Love having in the office!
I wish I had super powers to make the impossible possible. This is a complicated world to live in what can I say!!! #ToughLife #LOL <U+263A>
Hey how do I get to go to the Maxim Party in Indy? I am heading to the Super Bowl (hopefully my niners will be in it).
Logic fueling this travesty is the insanity excuse.. These fools think calling me crazy exzonerates their action
one more day of school!!!
What do you think comes first - someone's incredibly negative attitude or all of their percieved bad luck?
I didn't even know you wrote haiku! RT Every Halloween, the trees are filled with underwear.Every spring, the toilets explode.
2day - a day filled w/ GOD SIZED moments! My heart is overflowing! LOVE watching God @ work w/ & SO MANY OTHERS!
iMessage let me drop my text messaging plan, taking my monthly SMS cost from $20 to less than $1. It's like my iPhone is paying for itself!
For the pagan world runs after all such things, and your Father knows that you need them.
Hey Jencita! Hope you're having a great week=)
Tx U for your so sweet note! We are deeply appreciative. Peace and Love!
Service is slow ...waiting for Corey to return...they are running stages 3 & 4...
see yal tonight for sure. Ill text when i make it in.
that thought has never entered my head.
Up bumping dat Harlem World on
yea its one amazon and itunes
Amen to that. “: Looks like its a patio drinking day.”
^____^ should I eat cinnamon toast crunch, or a jamiacan beef patty. Or both. Lmao.
Deadline for special 2-year college competition changed to Feb. 2, 2012. Have an idea for a grant project? Call 202-606-8309.
Agree, it was wrong and shouldn't have been said. Goes against everything in the rebranding down there.
Today's wonderful presenters continued:
Thank you for making my day! Cheers!
Therefore there rarely enough in me left to fulfill the bids, & the desires of a many acquainted & unrequited loves that are longing for me
Fully furnished the new crib !
Frances' unofficial Tip of the Day "Forget about lunch when you can go dancing!"
Soon the weekend: the day after tomorrow is Wednesday!
on ma way, where ya at?
Be A Nice Human Being And All Your Dreams Will Come True
stiles:you really shouldn't be barking orders if i wanted i would drag your werewolf a$$ out the car omg i love dylan
You know you fly too often when the flight attendants start to remember your name!
you look real good wendy
It is #FF ask your followers to follow us!! Tell them we want 110,000 for the 110,000 DC residents living in poverty
oh that's sad
your players are , (heabt)
Well, I'll be headed to for Relentless Weekend to ride on Thursday and Saturday if you want to go!
DO IT! Kerouac did it. Hunter S. Thompson did it. Faulkner did it. Hemingway did it. You can and you will.
you suck! And actually a lot, the smart people helped me! But ill still fail..
Love this quote. Are you following me as well? Kind wishes.
#Don't take LIFE too SERIOUSLY. Always find time to LAUGH. Remember laughter not only adds YEARS to ur LIFE, but adds more LIFE to ur li ...
Up early dabbin on this incredible Super Skunk #1 Wax. irie!!! DABliveries!!!
Come on Detroit!? You can't give Brees that much time. Jesus. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
was that dog that was just on americas got talent real, or?
I ate almost an entire bag of carrots.... I don't feel good and my dad got mad at me. Haha
Alright guys! I'm heading to bed! Night tweeters! (:
Congratulations Funky Fresh!!!! "I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so proud of you" (in my Drake's voice) Love ya!!!!
just got mine! quick work only took just over 2 weeks!! :D they are already on!
Watching Saved By The Bell!!
I hope Jay Amos be in the gym working as hard as he be on twitter CAKING!
One audition and one callback today and a callback on Sunday for a commercial! What?!
I guess we're all entitled to our opinions...Rick Santorum says gays are gross and I respect his right to believe that. #GoAmerica!
gets the coolest acting jobs ever. He was on Pretty Little Liars, now Awkward...I'm so jealous! #howdyadoit?!
I want it to be Friday already so I can see my babe!
C'mon FCC with the beepity-beeps of this Louis CK act. You're blindfolding the Mona Lisa.
Lol where you at
that feeling i get when you talk about her <<<<< <U+E401><U+E421>
but it's so good. And I found all the books on DVD. I'm happy
Get after it #bucky. Win, drink
Is it ever! And I've repressed none of it.
You may want to follow this guy running for city council. His ideas sound like us. Jesse 4 NFK Council
Thanks & It's exciting-looking forward to playing a role in it, too!
Someone just asked me about AERI, but my mind automatically heard ARRI. I miss you, S16 SR2.
At movies
had a great night baby ;) i love you :)
are you still here in school?
": wow, walkoff. Tough to trade Thornton now. Maybe he should shave"
let's go find one :')
I dunno. A cape AND a hood? You don't see that combo together all that often.
RT : Hey , thanks to the community at our soft launch, you're getting another computer!
Tailgate South at Dan McGuinness in Nashville - 6pm TONIGHT! 11/2
Vip virgin at 9:30 for reverend horton heat.
love it! Thank you so much ;)
I'm coming!
what's not to LUV??? Hey Annie remember when we met at Jones Beach u sold me those tix?
everything is coming out tonight
Please, Ru, #TEAMSHARON!
Agreed! This is how I love my donuts! RT : A3. plain ole HOT Krispy Kreme donuts
Thanks for the RT and Follow!
RT : Although we're different, deep inside us, we're not that different at all. -Tarzan
Thanks & for your #80sThursday song requests! What 80s songs do YOU want to hear today at Student Services?
If Bulls get Gibson and Noah at 80 percent for Game 6 they will win this series
MT : Unions inc standards for all workers - both union and non-union. Corporations increase bottom line. For themselves.
I can see why they're called the Timbers...they're lumberjacking our forwards.
heyy me 2 !!! <3 what abt music ...you don;t like music ?? it always helps me when I'm bored =) like now.....
#Meryl (love ur name) Wears gold & wins! She wore gold when she won last time. Congrats!
I know I'm already hooked. I can't believe how many hours I'm about to spend on a tv show
ITS JOHN HEAPHY!
... spirit summons its own spring with love's presence
Too tired. Good night
New Year starting of with with the #packers and #mubb doesn't get much better
change your password
Meow! TY. Love the kitties...
Why are there no nigger astronauts? Their lips explode at 50,000 feet.
and I know you weren't fishing... I just thought I'd throw that out there
"Ole, ole ole ole...you're gay, you're gay..." - Irish-American response to Argentine soccer cheer in men's room
haha that's cute John! When did you go back to brown?
PSA: We'll be closed for a private event during the day tomorrow, Friday 4/13, from Noon-5pm!
Yo fam even while vacationing I am working making that money
New student health center, acute medical services and health/wellness services will be available
Graduation outfits/makeup/jewelry mapped out
The citizens of this great country need to say enough and flee the Republican and Democratic parties and deal a blow to lobbiest power
for a second i thought it said "pimp house".
Oh god. You cant keep doing this to yourself.
very ignorant of you michael.. I hope he wins
Everything did! *sigh* until that day comes...
good idea. there's always other sounds in nyc. safe travels.
Yeah buddy!
How many folks will be up till midnight waiting for Diablo 3 to come out.
I need new people to text.
#NFL #49ers vs #Patriots #SuperBowl Sunday! No flake a** #Ravens formerly known as #Browns!
depends on the popsicle
Out of coffee at the studio.
Why must there be so many Lindsay Sutton's in the world, and on the internet?
Let's go #BCEagles - the rest of the season starts today with a win against
the reality, honestly, is that you were never good for me and I was never good for you. I just remember what we used to do.
I decided ima chill ALL day today...a little aggravated
damn u look Hott
lmao hell yea
Cavs still "in it...to win it". Get the latest "Dirt from the Dugout" from Kristi Fulkerson & Matt Parsons on 19NewsNightcast
I think I can see into the future.
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers and those who have mothered a child. Mothers are teachers of humanity. Thank you and God Bless you!
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging can be a great way to send reminders ahead of those special times we all need flowers!
All my failures in life seem minuscule when I look at my Google + app.
House of Lies is my new favorite show. Anybody watching? Showtime Sunday nights at 10. Set your DVRs! So &$@?!$@ funny!
Those that hate are usually the ones who lack the courage strength an persistence you put forth to obtain wat it is you have that they want
these guys are working on my roof and they are being so loud. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Yay I got a new lamp, mirror, and bag ^_^
Life is like a wave. Learn how to ride it so it doesn't ride you
its not freaky though nd its slick hard lol
The Band Perry, Maroon 5, and Lady Antebellum. Strangely, I am drawn to country music when writing about the 1920s Klan.
Why is it always colder than Hoth at work??
i like your username ;p
Someone talking shit on edan for playing acoustic guitar at a hiphop show
Can't pinpoint source of one o my pups' discomfort. Agitated, swollen eyelids, upset tummy. Allergies? Making a vet run now.
The pussycat stays you Manimal
WAKE UP IN THE MORNING FEELING LIKE...WHO? Anywho, the relevant part of that song song is "TICK TOCK!" 6 days left to file.
It’s Tasting Tuesdays today! Stop by and get four courses served omakase style (chef's choice).
Frozen yogurt can be manly.
thanks Willy! Finally a resident of SF again so let's plan a hang out session soon
"3-2-1 Henry" with special guest Steven Stark is next. We'll hit Obama, Sox, and Tiger, this week's biggest headlines.
chewed up and spit out by NE winds - gone till june!
haha it was a joke -__-
Thank you for caring abt and supporting MIOTCRA. Help is sorely needed in this area. The # of MI offenders has ballooned.
Treat your marriage like a business—a financial partnership. Open communicatiion regarding money is key to a strong relationship. .
Did we ever establish that they do refills?
Tryna make her a believer
I got you
Broccoflower is a cross between cauliflower and broccoli. It has more vitamin C than oranges.
#FIFA #WorldCup FINAL! Live Now @ Kells: Netherlands vs. Spain.
It would be awesome if you offered a redbox rewards program! I can't find free rental codes anywhere....
please follow this awesome mahomie>>> (:
I like cake.
new profile pic looks great!
happy mother's day to all the amazinq momma's out there! you're all beautiful! <3
If austin is happy, I'm Happy.
Welcome to Twitter, you'll love it.
you being wet makes me hard.....
I don't wanananananananana write this Romeo and Juliet script yet. Who knows how to speak in a New Joisey accent? Blah.
ask Fraz if he'd rather be eating "fingies and fries" from Al's Pizza
Last finals today!!!!!!!
I always wanted to get fucked by a female rough , chu taking it easy for -_-
Oh the DRAMA!!!!!!!! Being a Momma is drama drama..drama...
dude man, let me rap on that track. I am a famous rapper from Hong Kong, trained by Biggie Smalls himself
#Bestie how you doing:-) I work from 5pm to 2am everyday for a week and a half, then I start my GM training while I'm on the job
lol yes it is
For my last tweet of the day, I want to give a shout out to the New Orlean Saints. The Saints appear to be on a mission this year. Who Dat?
Let's stop waiting for something to happen, we need to go make it happen!
call me weak it wont make you strong
Halftime at Toyota Stadium in the quarterfinals of the NAIA football playoffs, Georgetown College leads Saint Francis, 3-0.
This headache is eating me alive..... Ah!!
God puts certain people in your life for reasons. Thank God for my best friend!!
I've been a big huge LAME-O! Can we schedule a #PoolDay & Layout with some Adult Coolers?
I'm a CPA - what services are you looking for?
ouch: google calendar search doesn't look in attachment titles
Looking forward to the 2012 AVN awards in Las Vegas!
On Christmas break but when we get back, we have a new casting announcement! Can't wait!
Rescuing dogs. Saving lives. The usual.
A big thanks to the Phillips' for your recent donation.
Y'all are just DEAF.
When you give unconditional love others will always take advantage...after all that's the idea! Entitlement and unconditional are partners!
New Year count down is about to begin. Here’s sending my blessing of cheers and joys galore and wishing you a wonderful Happy New Year.
I NEED MY COOKIE DOUGH HE MADE ME ORDER FROM HIM NOW.
Today's my day with the baby, which means I'll be doing lots of laundry and attempting to resend rejected poems out to journals. Lucky life.
btw where's the new temp job?
Had a WONDERFUL time singing at Feinstein's tonight!! With amazing musicians...Conal Fowkes, Jerry Bruno, Bobby Shankin, Steve Lomatima.
I meant To say ONE WORD LMFAOooo
I can't understand what u saying shut up!
good stuff little Jen need that leg gotta kick through the ball
same spam message. hopefully i nipped that in the bud.
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success. -Dr. Joyce Brothers
Happy birthday Chelsea staub
Thanks for the kind shout out.
showed how much he cared ha ha!
yea and i can't wait hopefully you guys do the studio update
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow I still think my iPad would be more entertaining.
To All my ladies: Nice guys are ugly, hot guys are jerks, and hot nice guys are gay.
Twitter should load at the bottom and have you scroll up.
haha mummy's boy
#astd ID network ( ) members, I posted a social workplace concept re: curation I could use feedback on. Thanks!
We're at 487! That's up 7 from this morning. Just 13 more to go!! GREAT JOB EVERYONE!!
I Only Allow A Few Into My Heart. Its Only Right Now A Days
lol right now am kinda thinking on how to get new stuff for christmas like new chucks lol dats gonna be watsup :)
Cute in the Face & Thick Around the Waist (:
Congrats to Alethea Root on her new film! Hope to make the private screening this weekend in Malibu... Rock it, girl! :-)
Just attended a lecture by Paul Rice on If you do not know what fair trade is then you should check it out!
Please check out Rizzoli & Isles at 10 tonight on TNT - (who was Detective Riggs in WSM?) is on it!
It's all about that
Come on #Preds let's finish 'em off!
's #FF tweets let me know that everything is right with the world.
Follow me <3.
1's a lot like a dog. In fact his fav playmate is the dog. They're both super smart & sweet & they love water.
Hey #Brewers, might be time to inquire on Oswalt.
“: Viva #WineOclock #Friday and the #weekend!!” Finally! Cheers
Thanks to the j spot for the love..
slime mold solving a maze
perfect rainy day breakfast? toast a bagel. spread with slightly melted butter & sprinkle with cinnamon. you're welcome :)
Ok guys, I'm gonna take a break to go play with the new Scarlet! Thanks for following. I'll get back to you in a bit.
Thank you for introducing me to the virtual dressing room!
long car rides make me happy for some reason
Those who trust in the Lord for help will find their strength renewed. They will rise on wings like eagles. -Isaiah 40:31, GNT
Holly and Maggie's!!
thanks for the follow. I would like to volunteer my photography services in some way to support the cause. Please tell me how!
Pickup Line: Aw, girl, I'm gonna have to put you on my "To Do" List!
i can't stop playing sarah white's (and the pearl's) "fighting words." ever since i saw them on friday it's been in my head.
best band name ever: Afghanistan banana stand
There isn't enough melatonin in the world to put me to sleep right now. I hate my life at the moment.
yahoo, glad to hear you like it!
definitely not you lol.
This years HOF Class is Weak…Someone please tell me how Chris Dolman gets in before Charles Haley?
Right in the other room with my law assistant are some retailers who are making affidavits on potatoes. [1943]
space+shuttle+nyc
ugh. So disappointed. At least she's not from jersey.
Ohio City hangouts.
“: Hey I just met you. And you're a lady. There's the kitchen. So sandwich, maybe?”
The French subtitles may help make you more educational, but they do not redeem you of your shortcomings, Gossip Girl season 2.
yeah I don't think you deserve jess
Let's go!
That glory hog wouldn't miss this game for anything. Maybe unlimited texts for life.
I hate #stress I hate
...and unlike Newt.
Being a woman is of special interest to aspiring male transexuals. To actual women it is simply a good excuse not to play football.
did you just hear that TJ Fredette (older brother of Jimmer) is an aspiring rap artist?
super pretty shoe game crazy
My mom is playing this song in the car and I'm trying my absolute best not to cry!! :(
These are fab ... and you are hilarious!
Orange is the color of the year what Is the animal and shape of this year
The NW Conservatory of Dance is going to be performing the 2010 NW Family & Kids Festival, find out more at northwestconservatoryofdance.com
6 levels played I have 15k. Was down to 4500, so pretty happy. And I won a flip :)
Ready to get my nerd on at #CES. Auto curtain and personalized entertainment kiosk queuing up porn music as I entered room at Aria. Sweet.
Why don't rich patriotic millionaires donate to the treasury instead of forcing others to do it via taxation?
Love your branding! I would only add the word "problem" to the middle square (Problem Solver).
We found a significant defect, caused by a set of inputs not covered by our tests. What to do first? Create a test for that set of inputs!
I couldn't agree more. This is something we continue to work on, but repurposing content helped out our immediate need
Just texted that to my son , who worships u btw! Sounds just like him!
Thanks Doll! RT : Facebook is broken so HAPPY BIRTHDAY on twitter! :)
Keep the submissions coming, we've seen a great response so far. All submitters receive $3 off our yearly subscription
Everything is pissing me off today. No April Fools.
Any day now 50+ year embargo of Cuba will topple Castro. er,,, 50+years? Despite embargo, US 5th largest exporter to Cuba (6.6% imports).
When people get in other peoples buisness and your just like shut the hell up.!(:
yeah lots of space for more toys - and I want to research these pedals he has - love some of the guitar sounds of this band
yes, we are sending a delegation! Never ones to turn down a party...
Having communication in business is key to surviving; contrary in a relationship of any kind require great communication as well!
#evernoticed how slow time can go when you ain't doing nothing , but the moment your havin fun time goes by in a flash
yes... so did I lol. I dont care what time it is... I'm going to kroger right the hell now lol
We do offer to double their salary from time to time...
Miller needs to tighten up!
Wiki: Female nipples are more sensitive, b/c more nerve supply and endings. During arousal they become stiff, erect & protrude. good to know
Seems As Im Only Someone Friend When I Have Alcohol Or Know of A Party.
Join us and create your own tissue paper flower bouquet at the Centre Township Branch on May 12th at 10:30 a.m.
Jonesing for your company, ladies. This is just not the same solo.
So good! I gave it a standing ovation :). Behind the scenes clips were cool, too. Identity. Choices. Rock&Roll.
that's my jam...what u know bout that???
Just finished setting Reading Goals for students. Let Second Term officially start.
“: SURPRISE! Tonight, we'll be giving away 2 tix at tonight's Happy Hour @ the !” Say what?!?!
Goodnight twitter world..
Philly tweeps: Don't miss-- BELLS= playing on Saturday, March 3 at Pi Lam!
So your not like it's a nice day eh? Lol I would probably laugh everytime I heard that lol
Thanks Matthew. Wishing you a great 2012!
for the uninformed... what's P.I.T.? Thanks for the updates!
The heart is some thing you can't control.
idk if i can goo!i have to ask hold on
Providing Legal Billing & Bookkeeping, Recruiting and Technology Solutions. www.firmsolutionsltd.com
Thanks, we are so excited about it! We'll post pics and video highlights, so it'll almost be like you were there!
No more white stuff! When r we going to b able to golf in Wisconsin?
Hey baby I was hoping maybe you'd feel like taking a drive
following you!
Installing Vectorworks. And I paid for it!
Lala is just evil
Tomorrow is , friends. Take note, and please do us a favor and get your 414 on in a big way.
I hope Austin does a Ustream tomorrow, since he's starting his 'brand new life' off in Miami.
Searching high and low for my phone RN :(
thanks!! I'm going to live it up!!!!!
couldn't even get a follow back... Damn.
A pretty ignorant statement. Innovation is far from over at Apple, a financing decision notwithstanding.
What are you doing? Get your slutty ass off my timeline.
When the leaves have fallen from the trees, do we grow together entirely?
Why am I not there?! :)
Eating Halloween candy , cause bitches don't know shit about self control$$$
Money is the opposite of the weather. Nobody talks about it, but everybody does something about it.
Agreed!! Loved the movie!
Ok let's me just say this: I fangirl way too much. My parents are officially annoyed.
Let's face it, the debt talks have nothing to do with the debt, it has everything to do about maintaining seats in Congress.
When someone asks me: "Would you be willing to quit?", my only response is "Would you be willing to start?"...
tanks for the follow!
Staying to myself tonight /:
Safe sex is great sex, so don't forget the latex, or you'll get the "oops I'm late" text.
I call em like I see em.
Me, too. Sounds like it may be the second to last one ever, though.
You know people are desperate when they tweet and make statuses about having people text them
Good to be back in USA! But sad to see the contrast between Asia's work ethic/service and the US's lethargy. ATL airport is a reproach.
Thought-provoking conversation with students about why no inoffensive male equivalent to "tomboy." My beginning writers rock.
anyway whats going on people if you want check out my pod cast www.alkkemikelmuzik.podomatic.com this is for house music heads
sup wat u been up to
3 more weeks and I'll be one year single. Yuuuuuuuh <U+E022>
Too much on my plate not worried about the little things
Well we didn't win the #CCCNLC tweet contest but we'll continue to tweet our time here! ;)
what yu working out???
I don't think I'm going to school today, not feeling good at all...
Good can't always triumph over evil
nice! Good Luck! You could make some extra cash and find a cheap washing machine on #EggDrop. Why not give it a try?
they set up stations in the building...there's about 6 or 8 of them...lots of goodies to choose from! :)
Albert Einstein~ Do not worry about your problems in mathematics. I assure you my problems with mathematics are much greater than yours.
nocturnal north brooklyn excursions.
Day drinking on the links. 78 degrees. Im in avon but it feels like im on a real spring break
you two are just jealous that you don't know how to use technology like me
great win, but I think it cost me a few years off my life. #uncwins!
Wakin up watching
just got done wTCHING HARRY POTTER PART 2 the saga is finally over it only took 10 yrs.
can I get in on this lovefest?
You have to find one of a Canadian beer!
Looking good, guys!
I love brussel sprouts. In your face, society.
No I wanna go there but I cant
Nourish the relationship with producers and photographers. These are the people that will get publicize your content. #pr - G. Lambertus
how many Kia's would he have to buy ?
I'm watching live footage from Oakland right now. There's a huge crowd heading into the port...This is amazing!
Elektrolytes kilt it now where Tf is Most Wanted Crew
Lol no c'mon feel free to share! How's school? =p
I am a administrative assistant in the Internal Medicine Education office.
Booty work!
As soon as I get to my home computer I will do that. Your are officially my hero
July 21 we gotta sell da five to get our spot then bring da rest of it da day of da show n we gotta bring da rest @ da show
Stumblerfest tonight! Woo HOoo! Drink myself back sober..
Yay, now we can post in victory whenever the Giants win!
Yes, it will be the legal army book at the time of the tournament.
I just registered for the in New Orleans for March 4th. Let the intense training begin!
so insightful. I5?
did u seriously just say fudging?..
Yeah, not sure. I don't use Gmail for my personal mail, thankfully.
I..that makes sense. I just never saw... wow. *smiles*I
Good luck!!
burnt my finger again!:(
Hahaha, thank you 4 clearing that up!!! :)
People really neglect the importance of celebrating #auntyhood. We're emergency babysitters, bo-bo kissers and tickle monsters. Love
get out and vote! It's your patriotic duty!
Hey ! Been wondering what that tatoo on your wrist says ?? I can't tell what it says !
Oh God... Puck. I love what you're about to do already.
it was so awesome, greatest movie ive seen in my 25 years of life!!
Thanks, I will! Added to my Goodreads "to read" section.
shopin in the morning. then going to the hospital to see my brother. you can pull thru brandon. rip rebecca.
totally agree. For me there's an element of educating on responsible drinking that is overlooked too
Miami Knows wassup they got lin on that double team
Tonights movie with maddi is... JAWS.. Kick ass!!!
my belt is unbuckled. my zipper is open.
and just followed ... about time
I was recently asked to present book 1 and the Oracle series to a group of 200+ 4th and 5th graders at their school assembly. It was aweso…
...thanks for joining us this evening!
''Don't Fall in Love. Fall off a Bridge ,It hurts less.''
Just finished seeing #contagion. I'm afraid to touch anything.
Its hot af outside
I am tired of BS. Does anyone have anything else to eat??
Dear Attorney friends, call us today & you too can be laughing--all the way to the bank!
lock me in bro
If you're lost, you can look, and you will find me, time after time.
We're shitting bricks... I need a tissue. I'm crying too 4awg!
It is very good. First episode had me going "What the..." twice in the first 18 minutes.
Let's get ready to rumble
Absolutely! Sorry I was late!
Come in tonight and check-in on Facebook and show it to the bartender and get a free drink.
Artisan Works has an amazing Kodak exhibit, and an original , Pablo Picasso who knew !
I bet is CREEPING right now......if u are.....can u RT this and follow me i wanna
For me as an individual to be free, I have to confront myself with questions about who I really am.
Thanks! More to come in just a little while. RT : love the match day pics!
Thanks for the endorsement!! I guess if you're sending new followers my way I'll have to work on my witty quips...
the best person in the world. Ya know who.
I'm #finish ed riding, but I can't wait to have a beer with #ride2CW #cwcon at the Player's Retreat at 6PM
No matter how happily a woman may be married, it always pleases her to discover there is a nice man who wishes that she were not. ~HLMencken
If my radio every left my I would most definatly cry...
Rubik's Cube shirt? That's great, but when are you gonna be rocking some fine-ass jelly shoes for us?
Yes Yes :D How's your day going?
Hit it baby I promise I won't tap out
Vegas hoe wagons!!!!!
Saw J-Hud and Otunga on Saturday...
soo I see how you truely feel now ): Im not mad at you, I'm happy that I got to be with you but that was then and this is now...
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority. --Kenneth Blanchard
I'm Not Perfect, I Am A Working Process
You're 2 for 1 so far...
Starting week two of my captains license course!
hey moon, how u doin today? keepin it #sexy?
I wanna go home but take everyone I'll miss in bmore with me lol who's comin?
:O Dude you should invent that...Pretty brill.
Thanks Boo #Appreciate the love
text me if ya drive by mine!! :)
Must be a fluke. RT Rinsing wild-caught Gulf shrimp from my nephew before boiling. Found tiny flounder. Only about 2 inches long
not me
#wheninfrance don't get lost! Unless you have no where to het back to...
oh yu dance??? What type of danciin yu do????
Just started reading "Ignore Everybody" by Hugh Macleod. 39 keys to creativity.
You should never, ever read Rolling Stone for that very reason. Garbage, pure garbage.
The granite countertop guy just called to say he will be house at 6am. He better be a locksmith cuz I aint getn up to let him in 2Early
- the bayan box is hard to find. Good luck.
Yep...still wearing these rollerblades...
Took 3 yrs news re Obama admin. Sliced 2 wk intervals. Auto-network-analyzed cabinet. When BO more central, job approval drops 8 wks later.
Boom! Second job booked in 24 hours. Thanks
You will do great. I'm sure of it!
Lmao this foo sent me a pic of his std screening paper and said suck it I ain't a hoe I'm clean I tole you my dick just friendly lmao
That's so sweet!! Thanks :)
staying open for summer -- who is staying in madison this summer? weather is finally almost just right ..
thanks for retweeting me!
i love u so much<3 you are so amazing<3 i really hope you can see this one day ._. <333333 i hope i get luck :*
Shit. Apparently Poe's grave is in a BAD neighborhood. This could be my final tweet.
I'm just not even gonna think about it. Whatever happens, happens!
Want VIP at #Mirage TONIGHT text 804.245.9688 for details
In Music Meeting Ariel Pink’s Haunted Graffiti “Round and Round” dark and weird in a pretty way so far best today
That last #wordsprint sucked. Only 285 words in 15 minutes. Where did my creativity go so face.
You are welcome! Go knock out those finals! “: Thanks for the coffee and cookies u guys!”
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the biggest fool of all? Is it the girl who cant stop crying, or maybe the girl who kept on trying
Duluth....SHOWTIME AT 8PM! We're driving down now...
i can her drip drip , i can make her drop i mma beat the pussy to the bottom to the top ~
Then Barrett will start arm wrestling people, because, why not.
Well today went better than expected. Hopefully tomorrow is a bit more productive.
Very productive day today.making progress on tech development for
Mekong for beer fest kick off
save the clouds!
#21JumpStreet was pretty awesome. Like Superbad, but with guns and an even better cast. Tons of great actors, and a funny surprise cameo by
“: I know! I remember when I got my first 100k (: RT : Almost #2MILLION of followers :DD”
the radio interview with Larry Ahrens is February 16th 9 AM on 1550
Time for Thanksgiving II: The Sandwiching.
You're both beautiful!
Breaking Benjamin-Hopless
Will be completely moved from Burleson Hall today.
well I love you!
Awesome job tonight! Go BC! Go Rangers!
"In the absence of clearly-defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily trivia" -Robert Heinlein www.IamINC.biz
If anyone has or knows of any good local to Oklahoma City blogs, please shoot me the links. Trying to connect with other local bloggers.
Nate is not vindictive at all just matter of fact. Shirley got vindictive called Nate a liar. Made her look very very bad. Disappointing.
Awkward train ride with again. Lol.
Heavy Things
I don't actually know ahah! I follow quite a lot of people and just tweet a lot?:)
hahaha fuck yes, miss you dude
I'm getting close to 4,000 followers tweeps- does that call for a giveaway?
Saw it, thanks so much Evan!
"That session was so bad we didn't even stay for the free drinks." - REE DRINKS!!
Rewatching BSG. My childhood dream is 2 be on a space show that involves aliens, blasters, spaceships, & jackboots.
True Head Nurses suck dicc like its a snake-bite... #m #GetAllThaVenomOutBaby!
wuv you!! Soon come back!
essays suck someone kill me
haha that's because I added twitter back to my phone
Top brand of #NFL Draft? #BudLight owned the night Good integration but those guys r just 22. Only a beer brand can pull that off
kings island need get here fast so i can go with friends and have a amazing day i miss the beast
We killed him? Um no! :{O I did all of the work while you were up his anus >.>
Also, computer privacy parents have an obligation to give their kids extraordinarily common names to make Them work harder. ;)
But not accepting social media, but accepting it is HUGE & can't be everywhere. Have to think what makes sense for YOU
Union station, tacos and pie oh my. It's Friday, and you've been working hard all week, you deserve it.
You could call it high maintenance...or your husband better have a fat wallet and a lot of free time ....your choice <U+E302>
Have fun and tip the piano player
Glad to hear it! Thanks for coming out to the training last night!
Locking in St Bonnie +6.5 and this is a little bit of a force, but sometimes I can't talk myself off of things. Looking at Bama in about 1hr
Being in the NOW! Avoiding multi-tasking and savoring every moment of all that I am doing. Try it with your next meal - one bite at a time!
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW She My BestFriend!!
Tell me about your startup tonight - I'll be there from 5-7 (or longer if necessary!)
School Tomorrow .! >_^
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
"Marketers are focusing the heavy user" Who constitutes a heavy user?
In time for the event, I mean!
Let's go Giants! Show some defense!
Are you reading hard copy? Or have you switched to the digital world?
We are trying to get him to come to our campus next year. Tell him to sign our contract! :)
Eric Bledsoe underhand shot that didn't count.
Passed 2,000 followers!!!! Thank you all <3 This makes me smile =)
Thanks for the follow!
Next thing on the schedule....LILLY'S.
USS #Narcissus sunk in storm off Tampa Bay in January 1866. #FloridaAquarium divers and archaeologists documented remains.
Just cleaned the MESS out of this house..don't know what came over me..I started out cooking
C'est si bon! RT A little bit of this and a little bit of that with
Money don't make you happy? Dang that's sad... Give it to me!!
Who knows some good spots to park downtown for the CWS? I don't mind a little walk.
I forgot to go on twitter all day. That's ok no one cared I was gone.
Today's gift card winner is ALYSSA DAWN USHER!
Forever getting my hopes up.
Most people that want to paint a perfect picture can't draw...
No one cares...here's a quarter, go tell someone who cares...
Come to Portland!!
Like many Rochesterians, I owe my whole existence to #Kodak - my parents met there while working!
I feel like bc I use products it's ok to shower w them!
It's not enough to say YES to life. You must destroy ALL the no's & maybe's.
Why does the liquor struggle get so real in DC at the strike of 9:01?!?
Tune in Sunday at 5pm on 98.5 The Beat (Texas Beats) to hear the playback from week 1 & 2 from the 2-1-0 Mic Pass
you ain't about that life boy<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085> ha I love that
Heading to pigeon forge in about 1 hour!
Happy Mother's Day to all the hard working mothers out there. You are the epitomy of beauty and God's gift to man.
If your lawyer's middle name appears in quotes, you need a new lawyer.
Fantastic!! Thank you.
anyone ever baked a cake coated in sprinkles? is it hard?
That's a lot of interns!
Got it. Go Bulls,Hawks, Cubs, & Bucky.
my tweets are invisible in your mentions
Hate it when people hashtag things in the #middle of sentences
- Bill Murray is a legend in the classic What About Bob!
Yes He Is!!! All The Time!
Does any 1 nie the secret to getting 1k followers BESIDES being famous, showing your boobs or not getting personal with anyone?
We all fall down like toy soldiers...
Phenomenal question. I will be in New York and would love nothing more than to win another matzoh brie competition. Saturday?
Balance is most important when in pursuit of the annointing... Always make time for your first ministry. Your wife!
I've been so bored without a job
ok cool :) he's great we're livin it up out here.... so nice to be back west!
I've witnessed and experienced much #progression this week! What about YOU?
ha! if only beards worked that way!
hope we get to see you tomorrow, sir!
Jesus prevents HPV but crabs are beyond his control.
Looks like when Romney gives his "word" it comes with an expiration date.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
Excited about #FoDH tomorrow!
Happy birthday!
sorry about that! I didn't even think about how confusing that could be. =)
"I love you, I love you, I love you. But I love Rock'n'Roll more than I love you..."
“ Man g Pastor Brooks taught us ALL with this one!! Shout to Pastor Brooks who just Increased my Faith!
Can't wait to stay at the for EDC!
These next few weeks <<<>>>
don't quit the soccer team.
thaxx u. & I'll treat you to a upscale restaurant this wknd
Why do so many women look at Tyler Perry and his movies as the standard of what a man is supposed to be or his role in a relationship?
I played all of s "music" at once and almost had a seizure.. Needless to say I won't e listening to him ever again
love racing my r1 aswell. Good luck and best wishes. Hope one day to share the track with you.
Can't wait for the weekend, ETA 5:30P
Have a great trip!!
Charles Hurt...as blue collar a guy as ever put on a UK uniform. Went to the Marines after college?
What is everyone looking forward to this weekend at the cinema?
Sorry that you're not able to make it. We will be posting HIVE videos online after the conference.
Idk of things could get ANY worse.
Dragoning it up with Emily and
If you can make her forget that her heart was ever broken ,your pretty fucking special bro.
I've had "Crazy Train" stuck in my head all day bc of you ;)
::singing:: This is your birthday song it isn't very long, hey!
Oh I thought you were being funny because Courtneys ol bozoface laughing. My bad my homie.
I thought about it, but its so weird that all of my co-workers are applying too!
Business in Las Vegas picking up or is it just spring cleaning time? Time to powerwash restaurant patios so customers can enjoy the outdoors
I have been typing a variation on the same sentence for 40 minutes. Where did my reporter instincts go?
so what did doc say? Any cool spidey powers?
I finally looked at your angry tweets from the other day lol girls hate on you because your beautiful and there not
this is something I've been very interested in for a long time but getting the proper amt. of $$ is hard
We know more about the Universe than we do about our oceans. And we know more about our oceans than we do about our brains.
We're Chameleon! Changing colors is what we do! We're the color that fits you best!
Life's too short for an Iphone case...
Dinner, lemon cake and whiskey. "Role Models." Night night. It's been a "short" long weekend. Gotta have energy to decorate tomorrow. *muah*
Only two days until Christmas! Stop by your local bookshop for a perfect last-minute gift.
U AT WORK
I love my job, I have to say.
Always the girl they wanna hookup with but never the girl they wanna Settle down with.
If they're not balanced for how you run (over vs under pronate), it can cause trouble. I got heel spurs because of wrong shoes.
New Thinking + New Habits + Long Term Viewpoint = New Consequences
and that turning water into wine - or making booze ex nihlo - was his very first miracle.
I'm looking forward to green pee Sunday!
me to! Slept until 10:24 :)
#FF dating and fitness for the serious minded!
text me :]
I'm at the family table when I'm not family? Score!
new taco place - El Chilito on Manor. Great stuff!
“We should consider everyday lost in which we don't #dance.”
I feel your pain.
Gluten free pizza is the best!! I have to friends who are allergic so I eat so much gluten free food all the time
When my mom says "I love you" I always reply saying "I do more". I'm actually saying I love myself more
do a quick search for Rick Pitino on Twitter, it will provide you several loud chuckles....#L1C4 is still not trending...
VIPs at this wedding : Secretary Napolitano and Cong Rush Holt have arrived to full hall.
how will i make it up 2 u
Going to church... And u should be too =)
omfggggg no you don't !!!
aye follow back ill hyu more often :D
Will you be holding another PR workshop, similar to the one you held on April 13? I'd like to attend.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never
Your my inspiration bro, keep on keeping on!
Keeping Riley this Saturday will be shooting a video at Sullivan Hall in NYC, 9:30pm be there!
Can't wait to spring forward. Don't forget to change your clocks this weekend. #daylight savings
I think I may have just talked to my future soulmate.
hey! My name is chelsie & I was wondering if you can sing happy birthday to me on your austream!? I'd love that(: plz reply?
Bolt Is A Funny Movie
oh yes loads. What did you do this evening?
I'm listening 'The Time' from the Black Eyed Peas!!! yeah!!!
that's what she did! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I've always been a fan of I joined over the weekend. Excited about the very services I've told artists about over the yrs.
A gripe: 80+% of my fb feed is either baby pictures or posts from expectant mothers. Perhaps this is the death knell of fb for me.
Will do! If you have any of us added on Facebook. We can stay in better contact :)
I have to admit, when there's a HUGE event (Olympics/World Cup Soccer) in the summer, I can make an exception
Where did the meteorologist stop for a drink on the way home from a long day in the studio? The nearest ISOBAR!!
I want a girl bestfriend ^.^ anyone ?
You’re making us blush! :) Sunbelt Oats & Honey bars are FYE!
we have a long busy day today, but on the bright side, Bentley gets to meet his Aunt Tammy(:
not being comfortable laying in my bed.
Thanks again for letting us broadcast from your location on Saturday!! Was a great time!
The Bills. Really Vince Young? Haha
you gonna learn today! morning sunshine!
We're going to have to drag you in here at some point.
hell to the N-O! Toxin free as I arbitrarily define it :)
Rattlesnake in Boston is totally lame now. Never go there again.
Just started and love it so far! Have you checked it out?
#sschat I launch an intro project that is personal to them and involves #passion and primary sources
RT : As Google continues to expand its presence in New York, the company is making employees feel more at home -...
Lazerdisk party sex tonight! It's industry and locals free! Hmu for guest list
Make to day last for ever!
*HAPPY THANKSGIVING* Hope you had a day full of love, laughter, and joy! Gobble, Gobble, Gobble!
happy birthday!
Thank you so much for writing back, it meant the world<3 now iwish you would follow me :D -Marisel <3
Beautiful day for kickball today! BUT in the event of a tournament rainout Saturday, games will be rescheduled for Sunday 5/23.
heehee poor boys.
you already know. #ITSTHETAKEOVER ;)
Thanks! I'm trying to do something a bit funky (testing Omeka plugins outside of an Omeka install), so Tim may hear from me :)
Good morning!!! Do you have your hrs yet for the $2500 Freeroll? Double hours start in just a few mins. Come on over and get in the game!
Yes. She was one of the first collectible Barbies I ever got.
la levels it :-(
left my charger @ eric house
Just a reminder, Soccer and Capture the Flag tonight at 6pm in Schenley (behind the tennis courts). Hope to see you all there!
COMON LAKERS, don't let them catch up! :O
Saturday's grading and Law & Order thread is now open!
I see...Hmm.. (Scribbling down notes.) IN-teresting...
Odets' "Waiting for Lefty"? Vian's "The Empire Builders"? Garson's "MacBird!"?
not a problem at all :)
Its sad when the only time u feel beautiful is when ur wearing a lot of makeup. I don't feel this way but some mite
This Means War = absolutely hilarious.
Its almost here are you ready
Thanks Looking forward to next week! #westweek at Christopher Farr Studio
The "company buzz" application on LinkedIn states that there are no tweets that contain Garden Plain High School ...Tryin to fix that!
we're u at just got to crowd for
Get 1 Free* hour when you book for Thursday’s Blink 182 and My Chemical Romance concert at Cricket Wireless Amphitheatre with limobuses.com
i feel you
Thanks! We certainly hope you're loving the food! :)
Please stop dending to me
lol I've been here since last semester, I'm back playing hockey there again
I'm Blown like shyt moe lonely bored as shyt with nobody to talk too
Have you joined Artician yet?, your work is feature-worthy! :) You ooze talent!
I really want a cupcake. Instead I will have cottage cheese.
Interesting idea. It seems like the facebook to linkedin analogy.
Looking to take some #balletfolklorico classes in #Sacramento... suggestions? :)
The EDF energy advert just brings me so much happiness
*sigh* We'll be seeing it on Sunday Afternoon. Luckily, we've read the book several times, so spoilers won't be a problem. :)
Nevermind that u didnt even meet this chik till way after yall were together but shes at maid of honor status ? Really?
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot,nothing is going to get better. It's not. Dr Seuss, The Lorax
ok have fun
moes boyfriend of just told me all of my dancer friends are weird.
And ketchup on french toast does not sound appetizing.
Is it really Friday?
asked how to spell "Whatever"
As soon as they find out, they know what it is
mid to late July. We need to swap visits then. :)
Any idea or guess which skc player puts up the biggest numbers in the weight room? I'm thinkin , but who knows
Bill Clinton forever.
the BC is old already! Look at the Pack they have an old stadium and arent being bitchy about it!
Voodoo. like voodoo donuts lol, you'll understand once you come to Oregon! Miss you
Esssh , life is so annoying .
"it's important to find the sweet spot between feeling good & being effective" //
thanks for the share HTTP!
that happened to me once when I killed a bee at lunch.. Everyone clapped..
sigh. Maybe I'll just steal a car and run away.
And the bugs are actual bugs. Which I guess is a mixed blessing.
Block by Block | North Moore Street: North Moore Street/Block by Block x2014; In TriBeCa, Loading-Dock Chic These four blocks long are th
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <333
yeah, that's the kinda stuff I'm talkin about :)
And the worst part is: I take ambien so I can sleep. And I still have nights that sleep does not happen. It sucks.
now it works. Yes, had been using HTMl editor & video appeared, previously disappeared after saving with any iframe embed. Now works?
Road trip, day 1, hour 4. Driving through Jersey. Must say everything in Fred Armisen as Gov Patterson voice.
For more info type rl9 to the number 90210
Thanks for coming out to see us Thursday, sir!
Yup OSS Place hurting atm but will live maybe not sleep tonight but live lol
haha I'm doin math homework so annoying I hate algebra haha
Big announcement later today!
If I attend a fest, I like to go to local businesses & put up posters / leave postcards to drive in outside audience.
John King asks candidates to describe themselves in one word. I’ll do it for them, actor, swinger, zealot and diapers.
Have good day you all!
They were denied being able to practice their faith even here in America.
Jamming out to radio on :)
What's Going On TwitterFam?
what's ur email??
Just finished my last final and picked up my cap and gown. Graduation Friday. Goodbye college
cc RT “: Metta World Peace was the difference in that game. If he played all series, #Lakers win in five
Come on, Mr. Romney -- prairie fire? More like pants on fire.
Q: wassup., wanna txt.? A: Yea HMU
RT : haha, twitter needs one! #like - RT with the #like hash, it's the twitter way.
Jump on it jump on it
Thanks! “: = Eager to watch the #MayweatherCotto fight? Check out #boxeo”
Join Chuck Brown and Councilmember Harry Thomas Jr. right now @ Joe Cole Community Center 1299 Neal Street, NE
I don't always get #PinterestGuilt, but when I do... I punish myself.
NICE!! Come on pens!! Dont lose it!
Yea budyy!!! Front row at the concert at the fair
Shit working on music bored as hell -_- lol
everyone who has followed me, if I haven't followed you back, just tweet me and let me know. So I can follow you back.<3
Thanks Teo! Glad you enjoyed it. I enjoy writing, just wish I could do it more often.
RT : According to my timeline, Thomas Dimitroff has surpassed Chuck Norris. #falcons AGREE
#DidYouKnow that #SandraBullock and #BruceWillis are former bartenders? Maybe one day you’ll see a SY bartender in a movie!
excellent. I would be happy to email/ chat with anyone who has questions
One last "Woo!" for you, Robert!
ty for the follow!!
I'm overwhelmed! Just found a book that's depressingly close to my topic. Hoping the weather is decent for my drive tomorrow.
When you willingly take responsibility & ownership even for the failures, you're positioned for magnificent success.
SportsCenter doing analysis of a game that was played 16 years ago. Ohh, I love you
and if you were wondering the title of that masterpiece is "object"
aw wat you was on
2 New shows posted @ bobbieadair.com
Follow if u love honesty and is a Steeler fan...great guy that's not afraid to speak his mind
Ok Well What Do U Think About Performing For Fredonia College? My Sister Goes There n They Have A End Of The Year Show
its cuz im so sleepy, and im just asking random questions....kekeke
who u betting so I can go opposite? I need a win bad!
Haha thank you=]
When your coffee doesn't wake you up, make the 2nd one stronger!
Just sell it.
daytona 500 night racing oh yeah!!! can't wait and im happy those people who work can go race tonight and watch tv at home!
I love these people!
Thanks Community. Now I want to watch Blade. And that movie isn't even that good. The sequel's pretty sweet though.
Can One Of You Guys Give Me Ur # So I Can Send You A Pic I Want For My Icon?? (:
how does it feel to like someone and really wanna know if they like you back Rt this if you feel the same way <3
i hate when ppl just be walking in my room, bitch knock first!!
follow him now
Love the #aprilfools initiative by This is going to be a 4/1 on the network... Might be wise to simply not log on.
compulsively tweeting and texting one or two people. :P Anything interesting on tv?
is anyone else following 's live tweeting of his visit to his grandma as avidly as i am? not kidding. will he eat the borscht again?
I like to drive late because there's almost no cars out so it gives me space and time to breathe, relax, and think.
Oh well I guess I could take one for the team and have a few more! XD
End of the 5th, Score remains 3-2 #Dodgers on top.
Successful business people are those who are willing to risk everything to achieve something meaningful.
Looks like I will be uninterrupted for the game tonight. Thank you Pinterest!
I wonder if Obama is reading the latest Caro LBJ book right now.
Still nothing nothing in the first period - Go Sharks!
Arcade/ has MONSIEUR, by Emma Becker, coming in November for your 50 SHADES OF GRAY fans.
RT : Great deals on preschool furniture.: Expand your Preschool Arts and Crafts area with our selection of Unit Block......
I'm looking for some guest bloggers for Anyone interested?
Sunday nights are the worst
I ain't here for a long time, I'm here for a good time.
Prioritize? Like if tobacco kills 10,000 Hoosiers a year and text-n-drive kills fewer than 100, you pass a text-n-drive law?
Looks like only in personal accounts for now, but it should be coming soon to GAFE
Vocals almost done on two new tracks. :)
re: You're welcome! Hope all is well.
Number of drug-addicted newborns triples - The Salinas Californian
I shouldn't go to Target. I shouldn't go to Target. I shouldn't go to Target. If I say it enough times, it'll stop me right?
I held every beliebers' dream; I saw Justin on the world tour(: I have some fun facts that I can share(::
Hey what do you think of this draft so far?
beavis and butthead u guys are funny u guys say funny stuff
Being one of the first people to ride out the new rides at Six Flags. One of the benefits of being a Gen Now Club member....
Stanton: Jerferson personifies many of the contradictions of American society.
Why do you oppose it?
thoughts on our old material let us kno! Be easy though those songs have been around for quite sometime lol
Youth Prayer! Tonight at 6:30pm.
saw your reporter at the #CUNY grad center occupy today. If you want photos/video to accompany your audio, let me know.
With the acquisition of Tim Tebow today, does anyone still think the #Jets have a real long term plan in place to build their team?
yes!! Woo :) anyway so what you up to? Apart from tumblr? :p
i love memphis
A crime has to involve mens rea, a guilty mind at the time the act was committed. It's not motive, but intent.
I've never studied this much for math in my life.... All I think about is numbers now.... Its pretty weird.
well, there was that time with those shoes in Detroit ...
U gt it luv,,,check out sum of da Muzik win u gt da chance luv!,,,I tweet u da link!
Thanks I appreciate it. Just a rough day
is my favorite new productivity app! The potential applications seem to be endless.
It's excellent therapy. What class and level are you?
to what pool! Hahaha
We work with our clients to create cultures of collaboration and personal commitment
Score! Both of my short films were accepted into their respective festival/showcase...too bad I'll be onset during both viewings :(
make sure you listen to the radio today, I heard they are giving away $20 to Denver Diner...It's no laser tag but it's close
RT : I can't believe that no one wants the 2 extra tickets I have for e Columbus Jazz Orchestra on Friday night!
Thursday my first film I produced will premier at w hollywood! So excited
I know righ that's what I'm wondering !!
I am gonna slap someone ... I will have an app built just for you.
Cody...Cody... For that you get to run laps!
I want you, to want me..
RT if you want an Ariana icon!
If ya pussy wet without stimulation, you ain't got good good, you got a YEAST INFECTION....
don't make me spank u
i dont think she understands the sacrifices that i made
LETSGO...ILYALL BECAREFUL MAKE IT TO ME SAFE SOUND
Alright, it's time to stop tweeting like a lunatic and do something a little more... narcoleptic.
ChampionZ blowing up the spot BELLA NOTTE (Norwich, CT) TONIGHT
I read it in about 20 min it goes w the album and brings def to the songs, I appreciate it even more, can't wait to relisten now
"It's a miracle."
I hope im wrong...
Your post inspired me to explore the product. I want, need this.
#DenverBroncos have #Decker, #SanDiego #Chargers have #Jammer. It's a wash.
Son of a b...whore.....ahole
Even though in life u have felt beat down u have kept standing . stay in the fight cause the victory is urs no matter what ur opponent says
Hello Wendy "blue check mark" Wild! RT : I respect that!!
Standing still is the fastest way of moving backwards in a rapidly changing world
Follow back i am Still waiting for sometime
work 16 hour days to get 8 hour battery life
. says it will be a "tight summer" if San Onofre isn't up and running. Could be rolling blackouts if another unit goes down.
No im not deleting my Twitter because I'm not following someone you think I should be following.. TF 0_o
I still can't believe "Mama's Boyfriend: didn't turn up on My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. Please release the single.
Lakers Baby! Kobe is the greatest playing the game
.// my LOVE for you will never end , your always be a part of me as long as time keeps on passing by :))
Just turned on the radio and #Boyfriend was playing.....made my day!!!!
Time to get my work bearings then. See you soon.
What a butthole.
spin that wheel. “: how did all this hangover get on my brain?”
will do when I can get back on. have a task manager set to block FB; only 30 mins a day and I already maxed out.
What do we want? Evidence-based change! When do we want it? After peer review!
“: Im siked for football already. #BeatChatard”
oh superwoman
Jim Ripp playing all your requests right now at Ivory Room!
don't tell me you're gonna do something and don't do it..that ish pisses me off!...
For the fist time the outer world was perfectly attuned to the world within; it was a joy to be alive.
Thank God that Marian Hossa is okay!
A starting rotation that can actually pitch...
Not sure that is what he is thinking! I think is feeling alot pressure! He hasn't been needed much, but I agree it was too much.
How do we <U+2665> STL? Let us count the ways: So many fun, free places to visit - , Citygarden... What are your faves?
one of the lifers..gonna post all updates on so so def & hip hop
you will be done by the time i get there. Lol
Blowin MONEY , blowing STRONG , I swear that's all I blow <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
"Hardcore Pawn"? rly?
Thank You! Have the courage of your convictions.
#SomeWhereInTheHood someone owns a #timeshare they need to get out of..
Dad just finished singing the praises of and So bored.
Getting robotic with and
Hey....stop raining. Thanks. - Bryan RadioNOW
I love keeping my desk organized. I think it makes me more efficient!
smelling the lemony scent of carpets being deep cleaned. Aah... the week before classes...
The girl infront of me is so annoying -.-
and who was your favorite server? :) had fun hanging out with you two tonight ! :)
Lol even more of a reason
follow me back
Newark Public Library patron thanked Reference for all the support we've provided & with the news that with those tools she located housing.
A housing market turned upside down, but the vehicle to economic recovery.
SHE BLED FROM EVERY FUCKING HOLE
Working on the weekend setlists for shows in Portland, ME and Cambridge, MA. These shows are going to be off the hook fun!
Ppl always have time to tweet about how they don't have time..
#808Pride try get with me with no money ohh no
OH really, i haven't tried from my phone.
Brady is gluten free. Ugh, lost my vote.
Are u kidding me with this comeback?!?!!!!!!
Impressions of the boy wizard film in one word?
I appreciate many of the things has shared with me during our marriage. This cold is not one of them.
its a quarter after 1 im a little drunk and i need you now
#Celtics starters: Bass, Bradley, Rondo, KG, Pierce.
Finally am getting around to updating content and adding projects to my site.
Did Verb and Hitman get Bodied.....??
uh, I probably know and talk to more 18-25 yr olds than you do. I'm sure of it. And it is clear that >90% donT watch
Who taught #Tebow how to throw a football?? His Dads
#HappyMothersDay to all the moms out there that never stop teaching us and caring for us! Have a wonderful day!
Powers out. -_-
Don't leave the one you Love for the one you Like because the one you Like will leave you.
"When we come together in LOVE, all things are possible.
yesterday you only sharpened once!
I still like Mr Peace though.
Same here..many outdoorsmen/women here.
my hubby has pretty good taste in clothes, so I can't think of anything to be honest!
Am still in total shock! " Supersamsays WTH Donna Summer passed???? She was mad young!!!!
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
I wonder if I can donate whateverthefuck Chase doesnt have in his knees to him.
HAHA and every single roberto in the rooms gotta get the fuck out.. Their not ready for all that
Ready for some Keeneland
Bring back the rain
Lots of hockey tonight make sure you go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the games live and free just register and gain access enjoy!!!!
I sleep on the weekends.
thinkin prospective bday gifts...how much is a lifetime supply of smartfood? Tour of smartfood factory? Txt w/ suggestions
“ I miss when I was little, and didn't care about my weight, clothes or hair, I just did what made me happy...”
Interesting mix of ballet and contemporary from a dancer I'm pretty sure we've seen before.
thank you! <3
87 followers in our first week of twitter WE LOVE THE SUPPORT we are here to help, ask us anything and we can talk about it. Change
:) Girl I'm trying! Been walking a lot, even got an exercise ball today, just had spicy tomato soup.
You know you're in the country when there is a black Friday line at K-mart
I love taco night. So much.
Creativity is inventing, experimenting, growing, taking risks, breaking rules, making mistakes, and having fun.
Hi Mageela! I'm one of your classmates in 's class. See you in #MyWANA!
I always wonder if my mom was ever a fangirl like me …
sell your degree, admin skills, and software knowledge. :))
Do some online comparison pricing on similar vehicles with similar miles
If THE SHOE DON'T FIT%;WHY THE FUCK U GOT IT ON%;IF U TALK ABOUT NUFFIN IN YA RAPS THE U DAWIN%;
l love your new main pics in the heart. That's so cute! How did you do do that?
Stonewood and The Vow for Valentines Day dinner :)
"Love doesn't make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile." Happy Valentines to y'all !
#onethingIdontlike the food industry
fucking $150??? WTF?! my hair is at the maximum length only 3 inches!!
Love life....
School is about to start...when do you go back?
nice to have you in the house!
I see, are you doing a play too right now?
I smell like an ashtray. Gross.
Finally back on twitter.. promise to be more active this time :)
Thanks so much for checking in with us this weekend and !
Plz pray for cookie whos in the hospital after their car slid in the car and flipped
That seems to be a division decision, out of reach for our committee. :-(
Flatbread Feature: Grilled Chicken, bacon, provel over marinara Soups: Korean Pork & Vegetable or Raspberry & Blood Orange Gazpacho
RT Who followed and wants their shoutout? Tweet me "KUSH" if you did! IM CHECKING!
I clearly was joshin u
It's crazy how this weekend I saw a freak jawn turn penn state into the players club...he made it rain on her smh
there's no salary cap! The question is: Does Peter Angelos want to pay ballplayers. Not "what to do with Adam Jones?'
Anyone with thoughts on autism and librarianship is encouraged to contact for discussion.
MELLO WILL ALWAYS MEH ,MY NUMBER #1 BROTHER SO FUCK THE HATERS LIKE REALLY
I concur
And if I never hear from Big Brother again, I'll know who to blame.
oh no no no... Watch it now...
You're welcome. Happy Mother's Day!
Right . ugh . i need new Guys in my life . Lol .
I just want to lock my self in my room for the rest of the day.
A SIMPLE MURDER written by a real live librarian! Award winning author
. . . Texts me whenever possible to constantly remind me of how he feels . . .
Do you enjoy sharing your DREAMer story? Send a 2-3 min video to for feetintwoworlds.org
Sow a thought, reap an action; Sow an action, reap a habit; Sow a habit , reap a character; Sow a character, reap a destiny.-Samuel Smiles
Just registered for the #perfect10miler Should be fun and going for a personal record:)
DM we are about to announce the lowest cost, most effective digital learning solution available. Can your group help?
“: countdown 3 days! Catch us in the Rose Garden for some sweet promos!”. We can get our gelato!
That girl is poison
Be Right Back ;).
Can't wait to see Super Moon tomorrow night!!! Last one was in 1993; 18 years ago!!! Good night
It's time to get my fix on... Theo chocolate & salted caramel...get in my belly!!
Friggin love them!!
Absolutely!!! Let's get tickets on Friday :) RT: want company for this one too? ^_^
And he could be a shady lawyer trying to get big, but I'll give him the benefit of the doubt on that one. ; )
ok..if you're reading this, and you are FAMILAR w/the letter "y" go LIKE us on facebook! (Thx !)
We hope you enjoyed the Mobile to the MAX Webinar! Share your thoughts on how we can improve your experience
I love this fan base, my family- Justin Will Make Haters Believe Supporting Justin Is Like Breathing Kidrauhl Is Our Sexpanter - dead.
Last Tuesday Don Julio's González Estrada, the industry legend and founder of Tequila Don Julio passed away.
You're welcome. (That's better) lol.
Damn this bitch ass rain came out of nowhere
Everyone is safe and settled. Long day of travel. Tomorrow we hang with the young moms and their kids.
shush you!! lol
Make it better today...somewhere, someway.
no sweat for the Stacheford
Fresh oil change I'm ready for a road trip lol
Just sang some Elvis for
Do you have a loved one in a nursing home or assisted living facility? Be SURE there is a disaster response plan in case of emergency. ASK.
MOM ALWAYS SAID FREE #Chadevans2!! #wronglyconvicted & rotting in prison for a crime he never committed. What a waste of money, poor NH!!
GOT ME GOOD! Apologiezes to the real I got punked by fake account. Sorry for overshadowing tough announcement
Help your immune system with herbalife tea mixed with mango aloe m (did I mention it burns 80 calories per serving!)
RT "I will not back down from making sure our food is safe."
Sleep? Yeah I like that
will do :)
I want to hear Hoobastank perform some Pablo Cruise.
It is a shameful day for North Carolina (and for the US).
hey whats been going on AT THE HOUSE..?
#FF App of the Day devs for the first week of 2012: Have a great weekend everybody!
Me and frank go back since one of my first case of the runs. THEN I had chipotle and that took my ass to a whole new level of runs
: - LIFE JUST GOT BIGGER - MAJOR ANOUNCEMENT COMING UP THIS FRIDAY
This dude just came out the bathroom stall & didnt even wash his hands Note to self: dont shake his hands lol
I'm at an Arnold Boston party. How fucking weird!
Almost time for another #DTLA #ArtWalk, this Thurs. April 12. I'll be at DAC Gallery for "Recaptured End", among others. Stay tuned!
hey im Heaven im 12yrs old nd i wanted to no how do u edit those pics on fb i no its a fake but there cool can u tell me wer u edit them :)
Happy cinco de mayo ! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B5>
I love my !
I noticed your post and wanted to tell you that thegympro.com has great workouts that would be perfect for you. Check it out
Builds Character RT This baseball season has an upside: my son gets to see the Red Sox I grew up with!
We want the cup!
"ALL MEN ARE IDIOTS, AND I MARRIED THEIR KING"
i command respect
As long as you promised to drink a ton of water first I'd eat a box of Cheezits that you've peed into. I love them that much.
actually, a lot of faculty members, especially in education & #edtech, do research without grant support
As fate would have it - Deccan Herald
That's what insane and vocal minorities do; make it hard for everyone else. But I'm sick of part of my identity being hijacked
It is idle to dread what you cannot avoid. -Publius Syrus
Latino power hour
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
Went to the Kids Choice Awards! Can`t wait to see the slime and the nominees!
Rockin it w
and, by the way, we are all paying for it as we speak
I'm really hoping Dennis Kucinich wins. Whether you think he's a total moonbat or savvy politician, his input/influence matters in Congress.
Yeah, if I was sitting and home with my little kids and some jerk just walked through my living room I'd be pissed too. ;-)
Break a leg, babycakes!!!!!!
We have grown so fast. Our council is the same size it was when Austin was 50 percent smaller. That needs to change too.
haha well then the salon will have to have a mini canvas painting party!!! :) we don't want to miss out!!!
Did my #NOH8 shoot today, and I'm pretty sure I look like a douche
Solid reading day with and We...read today, right?
this is BLAC's official TX street team! Spread the word! :) and follow me please!
Northeast, not Nebraska, right? (re: NE)
Did you know that I have over 80 follower"s live tweets ALL in one spot? See what's happening in Sac when it happen on bartenderme.com!!!
So the #Broncos draft Brock Osweiler from ASU, now another Sun Devil in Omar Bolden, what's next... are they going to draft ?
Everything is a rainy mess in MD today.. But I'd gladly trade a box full of wet leaves for a bottle of West Coast sunshine!
Does anyone else feel like a champ when they finish one of GRRM's massive books?
I'm going to try for like end of June or sometime in july
im sorry for being that way, but all i can be is me
just had a blonde girl moment lol
NO SCHOOL TODAY!! We are open 11-8! Perfect day to find your dream dress!
“: When your days going bad just think there always someone who has it worse #quoteoftheday” bro your tweets are beautiful lol
Jason Clark goes baseline-to-baseline in four seconds for the layup. 4.6 seconds left after the foul
Really great debate in the House of Delegates of MSL () concerning reusable carryout containers at Univ. Sys. of MD schools
Taking care of all my work and home admin duties, aided by warm beverages.
"Goodnight my friends.. Long day tomorrow... All in Gods timing... Good things come to those who wait.. XoXo"
I don't know what's more awkward, answering Dora or sitting in silence while she stares at you.
on it
Jesus loves me yay!!!!!!!
I wonder why lol
RT : CREATE YOUR OWN LANE
Setting my alarm for five? I should just kill myself now
Waited for 30 min, no help. #bestbuy poor customer service
we're not so worried about "star power" maybe cuz we work as team...
Thank you!!!
yes you did. And it was a good one too!!!!
. "Race is quantifiable. We can see it. Who is being forced into bad education? Who is being incarcerated?"
Try that candy bar our way! Milky way: stoli vanilla vodka, Godiva chocolate liqeur and Bailey's with a chocolate swirl - YUM!
TGIF..come in today and choose from any of our strains of the day; Kushwreck, Peanut Butter Bubba, & Tahoe Blue!
Has anyone ever done a Shouts and Murmurs on NYT employee classified ads? Because someone should.
That awkward moment when you shout out the wrong answer in class with confidence.
great!! i miss your face
I've been seeing lots of ideas for collages lately. So I think we will try that tomorrow with some of the stuff D found on nature walk.
I really think I need to visit programs, meet ppl, sleep on couches, and share things like I used to.
The new Virgin America terminal at JFK coming along nicely, just wish there were a Headed back to LaLa Land
Final hours here at #snameam - we close at 12 noon today so come by the booth to save 20% on some great books!
Have fun! You'll do amazing like last time(: Follow back? (: It'd make my day(:
Don't miss our New Sivananda Yoga Class with Monica - Monday/Wednesday at 4:30pm in Midtown!
Fruitful meetings downtown this morning. Nice to also run into & !
I want some yogurt! Ill pass on the turkey dog. Haha
Double D da team run wit us or get run ova bitch lmao
Walked into NPR party just in time to hear the "official remarks"
do it
its really horrible pizza.
thank you baby! <U+263A>
You know it, are you going? Tom and I will be there, we will get there by 10 but will get drinks somewhere close by before SubT
Happy b'earthday
is thinking of ways to save $ for another NKOTB trip/adventure. Meet them or not I still want another adventure!!
The one guy looks familiar!!!
Jim collins- Greatness is a matter of conscious choice & discipline #ASTD2012 here here! Mindset is what matters
we're using your pic this morning on
Can't help but wonder if 2:18 in Lines of Wax by Flux Pavilion is an InfoSoc tribute.
But a little sad to say bye to my trusty Taurus :(
Are you kidding me? Everythings my fault!
I like cheerleaders who say "ra ra ra" not "hav u heard what so n so said"
Also, Herbie Hancock, James Genus, Lionel Loueke, and Trevor Lawrence BURIED it in Nashville tonight
Bella Luna Columbus and I think 91st
Bitch im single...yeah I'm single
also, brainstorm the whole project before you start coding away. and with a simple project and go from there. also, BONUS POINTS
Angelica Huston playing Buck Hunter may be the best thing in 6 episodes of this show.
Got ur cd Puto. Had to pay 5 bucks for it but ur 1 of 13 fans left
We have a great Pulse class going on right now! Feeling the burn at Romney #Pilates!
loss of my respect NP!!
Oh I just can't wait to be KING
jumping all over it and sniffing it and barking at it lol
Sale pending on my Alien Bees, upgrading to Einsteins.
ok thanks for the quick response.
RT Great training and sharing of info with NC Human Trafficking Task Force looking forward to working
Thanks for making my job one of the the best in the library. The SOC is my community thanks to people like you.
I would talk in iambic pentameter if it were easier.
Mother arrives tonight. Must vote, clean house, finish work stuff. So much for a relaxing visit with her.
what the frick tim RT ok I'll add you, but for the record you didn't even say please... :p
sounds good. Where was the #thisdayinhistory tweet yesterday?
So sad there are no Chicago style hot dogs anymore at the B gates, ORD
thanks for the RT!
Haha I've never really looked at him, maybe I should. ;) I'm good, working. Today is my b-day. How are you?
Come what may, Republicans will be electing a "racist" today! Just follow their tweets and sound bites and you will know.
99.8 fever on my second to last day at work. Sucky.
that's how they "killed" her parents. Any chance they didn't find a body? They can't really kill Robin Scorpio! Will have to youtube
where u at? Trying to say, haven't seen u once
weight #training & 6 mile run completed. now I need to know what activity I can apply it to this year. perhaps #kendo?
Good one. Asians... Nice! ;-) lol RT : #describeyourpeniswithamovietitle Big trouble in little china
Happy New Years Eve! Good night!
Say yes one time they use you, Say no one time they plottin
: But they were just doing it for everyone's safety... (she says with SEVERE sarcasm ;) )
Also, Avatar is on and i couldn't be more happy about that. My dream is to one day ride one of those crazy flying dragons.
"The ToyMaker" has made the final round of judging for the 2011 National Music Theater Conference. Throw us some good vibes!
My first 2012 political prediction: the proponents of the marriage amendment will come to regret putting it on the ballot.
if we havent followed you back yet send us a tweet and we will! we always follow back!
Just applied for the Mentorship program!
i mean remember how those high schooler kids said come to my bunk ;) tonight E-7
awesome play jordan!
104 Years of the GREATEST Sisterhood Story Ever told! " DEEP in my heart, I LOVE MY AKA"
then put it through the lexicon
#WOFCollegeWeek entrance exam
What loathsome creatures the supportive gay friends of celebrity homophobes must be.
dark blue!!
why do you do this?
go on oovoo
im stupid and i love it wait was i supposed to say that
If anyone needs me I'll be at my desk dancing to Spacehog
Whenever I see at school, I always wish I looked like her
Idk.... im in tht kinda sad mood.
Parenting Tip: The new Twilight movie provides an excellent two-hour window for reading your daughter's journal...
I'm planning on dancing tonight ,
hell ya! Only if your doing it
“Many of the great achievements of the world were accomplished by tired and discouraged men who kept on working.”
Creepy! But definitely captures that concept of how creepy he actually is!
I'm learning to love the way You would.
yeah, that's about right.
Good morning to all my sexy ladies <U+E418><U+E418>
Thanks so much - I do my best to write fun posts about interesting startups - so glad you enjoy them!
I always find myself wondering about what some random celebrity is doing at this moment.
Family get to NYC tomorrow! For graduation! And my final play! How on earth?! Where has the last 2 years gone??
Ike: "Your are killing me, woman." Vera: "Not a bad way to go."
good morning.
My last RT dying of laughter LEE-AM on a unicorn :p
lol no I'm givin her compliment cuz some females let themselves go after having a kid and she didn't, she's still in shape
I thought we were going to take him. Oh well.
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay If a person yearns for their friend but the other doesn't reciprocate, can the friendship still last or is it screwed
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>RT : Any fool can cut you with a knife, The true bitch can cut you dead with a word.
i don't have that much faith in young humans. :/
I gave in. Hahaha
CMs express further concerns over solar committee's diversity.
A real good actor but, as a man, he's lousy
Keep your chin up hon. You guys are the best. Always have been. Always will be. Don't let anyone ruin that for you.
I think I'm drunk
new followers @ for a follow back
hahahahahahaha they told u to shut up again huh
Glad you enjoyed the show!
im an amazing stalker lol
#Belje #Grasevina 2009 is the best and most serious Grasevina we've tasted. Aging great! Whats your favorite?
I only cut cheese.
FUDGE. okay you win this round hannah cat. awks for me
If your workout doesn't feel challenging then don't expect it to change your body.
- of for sure. And really ended with a VERY plausible way humans go down... #dugit!
H shut Shawn michaels up!!!
Dear Washington DC weather...go play in traffic
Shout to my Fam that hit me cause they saw me in the video!
You see, I just wanna believe in me <3
lol if it's a sellout then why is there nobody in the stands; I guess they moved it indoors cause of rain
Why do banks lock their pens to the desk? If i'm trusting you with my money, dont you think you can trust me with your pen?
Mitt's economic plan would be a serious Bain in the ass to the poor and the middle class.
If it's not happenin' you're just not ready
sounds good to me, i think i have us down for 8pm but am flexible on time.
One of these days, and I will have a full conversation. Right now, we just chit chat. He's bomb. :)
was it a reunion...lol
Tough break. But an .85 is stout for your second race back.
Rihanna is a wondergirl!
when were graduated :) lets go to london. hahahaha jk
I hear 60's are the new 50's. Happy Bday homie!
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend - 3
you do realize that you just admitted to watching iCarly don't you?
Thanks! And of course I agree about Hammershoi. ;-)
In observance of the Yom Kippur Holiday, the #Museum will be closed tomorrow, Sat. Oct. 8th. Please visit us Sunday from 10am-5pm!
Well. Shows how much faith you have in humanity! Shocking!
#FF ::: Need Hot New Music - Hip Hop Artist to Collab with? GO FOLLOW>>> #FF ::: GO FOLLOW>>>
see you there! RT : Mixology & artistry come together tonight at Artini 2012! .... mixologist is crowned!
"The richest person on the earth is the one with their last friend not their first dollar."
Congrats to our recent #AUArts graduates and newest ! Don't forget to come back and see us!
Just getting home on a Thursday...thanks & for keeping me out
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there...including mine and my lovely wife!
Watch Tomorrow’s Apple Event Live [Apple News]
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/15/2012 and was under her calorie goal
how can we help on this great day? if you need any 1:1 time from the SP help line of the extreme printers, please contact @ .
Tech support and administration roles are to remove barriers to use of tech.
I can't stand her! RT : lol why did i "LOL" literally
Samardo led the team with 5 turnovers and 3 Jamocha shakes. Go
Teacher suggested they name the new girl butterfly after one of their moms. JT's hand flew up, "Stacy!" Only kid who knew his mom's name.
How is everyones night??
Doesn't get any better! (That's our humble opinion) RT : Lunch with my girls.
Ooowweee :-) #Hype its jus a week from today ill b out of high school !!!
not really(: and 16
Thx Jan So happy you liked it. Dear Catfish is far from gone. Part 2 is pretty much all Catfish. 2 coming this Spring, 3 Fall 2013.
hm. We.need to have a jam session. I could show you some easy stuff
Did you figure out how old Grandpa is? I'm thinking 91... ??
Let Him in
No talking for 4-6 weeks? You're toast!
Love the #stache on that
Bored with a headache
Private Practice finale >>>>
Happy Easter - remember each day life is full of remissions, rebirths & resurrections
okay... go and change you'll meet me in the car
Thank YOU! MT: THANK YOU & fellows for the amazing experience! One of the best things I've done at GU!
Congrats , you deserve today! Your a working woman now lol
In Oslo this morning. Catching the train to Gol soon for the director's meeting tomorrow and next week's conference.
Just threw my Burger King wrappers in the Mc Donald's trash can #thinkicare!?
Okay I'm sorry but I LOVE 27 dresses
Thanks! It was challenging chatting via wifi
yikes, I'd better drop her a line!
whoever put the vegan nutrition guide book on my desk, thank you.
Havinq ALOT of friend troubles, and I HATE drama. <3 I still< 3 U Julie, No matter what. :)
You'd love it here. I see them all the time - even saw one in the yard the other day.
It's a beautiful day! You can't mess that up!
#ThingsMyExsaid Who Ex?
#Recycling You will lose money chasing women but you will neva lose women chasing money
Happy Canada Day to all my lovely Canadian friends!
Did you give it mouth to mouth?
“: no way! Lol I've gotten way better :)”>>>we don't believe you, you need more people!
Smartsy is coming to #life30 Augmented Reality
Shout Out<3
Dr. Ralph da Costa Nunez is up to talk about his perspective and give his years of insight.
Im calm now but this smile on my face will be hard to take away :)
BVEN Boutique GREEN. This week green linen pants, reg price $88 now $59 green tunic top/dress, reg price $44 now $22. Plus all other...
a very hilary obsessed person;)
What's up rockstar? :-) Looks like you had a really good breakfast! Keep up the great work in Boot Camp!
Im I there yet
EXACTLY why I stopped watching. RT Before this goes any further: I'm so sorry about this, Freddie Mercury.
Secretly Y'all, y'all! Stories start in a few w/ a 17-piece band to follow
my vote would be for of in both the 'thinker' and 'doer' categories.
Is the "treatment" called that way because working on it is what heals the diseases of the story? I believe so.
Just wrapped on an amazing project "Dystopia"
oh yeah...crying.
check your DM :)
No roomate, the rest of the semester should get fun..aha
Can you please give status of Philadelphia- whole family is there, and i can't be. maybe Medford, NJ (my house)
There are more than a gazillion 'coincidences' about 9/11.
We love it too! As soon as we got the sample... they we gone! RT omg I'm in love! Chocolate fudge cake on phase 3 maintenance
so having a first look at Director, and it is pretty freaking sweet.
why u dont follow anyone ?
Dont matter... Spurs takin it all tho... >>RT : Nah. Just see past this Heat taking it all facade.
I loathe these Austin HS kids who crowd my Thundercloud!! Whatever happened to sack lunches and the school cafeteria?
When someone asks if you dominated the pro bowl..."yeah, it's me"
Been jamming to for days
Addicted to The Sopranos right now. A decade late.
"I feel best when I'm trying hard. And when working, I always try hard." (Joseph Gordon-Levitt)
really not sure but now I don't think I can support larry b. He shifts too much depending on contributors.
Futurity and Format at #MIGC: The glitch, 3D as 2D and surveillance and films.
Bahaha! I used to put candy in my diaper and eat when my parents weren't looking! Omg embarrassing! LOL :)
My timeline is dead
It's off the menu but we've had a ridiculous amount of people asking for it, so it will be back next month! Sorry it's not during sxsw
Dayan Jeremiah: "The chat worked out of the box on our sites and it is live now! I am very impressed and can't wait to start selling this!
my profile image > all others
boy i tell ya
there's so many paparazzi . Damndamndamn . Hate it so muchy -.-
Im real ass nigga.
TO ALL U FREAKS! that like 2 FUCK HARD & GET NASTY! go read the freakiest & #REALEST tweets!!! #GoFollowNow -->
I apply Vaseline religiously
I know I'm unloveable, you don't have to tell me.
OF MICE & MEN ALL DAY EVERYDAY!!!!!
Never give up and keep believing in what God has promised you. Have a great day everyone BAMM :-).
Very excited to welcome to #crew96 soccer nation as a seas tix holder, all the way from Chile.Watch for him at games in July
So nice that I just want to nap ALL DAY!!!!
sailors equal buggery
While you busy tryna fit in im gone stand out .
also weird: I met a self-described "Traditional conservative" last night who is a troofer and thinks Hamas is justified. huh?
Hello central standard time!
Heartbreaking loss.
Nice … except it's not. ": Goddard says Phx at forefront of sustainability with recycling #sustainablephx"
No problem.
We are road tripping out to with our Bloggie Touch in a trailer and would LOVE IT if you could cover our story!
hm?? Maybe your hacked?? Try changing your password
did you guys stay at the Mexican motel lol
Didn't leave a msg
Am I crazy or falling in love Is it real or just another crush Do you catch a breath
*dishes money* make it rain RT"RoadToRichesss: *Makes it clap* RT "Speakmehmind: Round of applause b
Lol.. Me too!
Dirty bike & movies this week, sounds banging.
now i just have to be patient and consistent to june july
Thanks, Melissa :) I really enjoyed your song and also learned plenty from all #TRMA585 Counseling students
You fucking bitch....
u can to wait for me! 'cuz of course than I'll to watch! I never will to lose! Love ya:{D
How 'bout we trade #SXSW for Pajama Jeans and Forever Lazies?
hm ok I guess that makes sense. I think I'm reading too much into this movie
I'll pass along the high-5 Susan! -Gary
Nash or Rondo? considering contracts and age which better fit for pdx? although I think both unlikely
once a man...twice a child
I'm on my way to school-____________-
So much to do, yet so little time..
A year ago, I was in Taiwan, on may way to a pottery museum.
Hahah! I was going to name him Pufferbelly, but he gives me and my office-mate the stink-eye, so now it is "Stink-Eye".
RT : It's 2011 - when is the NAACP ever going to change its name? Are they still trying to use up all the old stationery first?
Simply put Mayhem Nation...
-"making a hologram?" Seriously the best excuse I've heard in a long time; maybe ever!
Photo-shoot completed! Spectacular work ladies: Props to as well.
Just a reminder: Paul Haggis SUCKS!
happy birthday!!! Were gonna have an amazing day :)
Had the most amazing weekend!! So great to have a connection w/ others that is positive & creative!!
going to the city today with my cousin<3!! cant wait!!
Yeah buddy. Da Bears!
Gotta love the fact that the 1st thing does after winning #TheMasters is give his mom a hug!
would be nice to be able to ship to all the hungry fans around the U.S., huh? :) Thanks for thinking of us!
Cjillin out to a great band
New day new dance -A
Good meeting you today, man!
just visited a friend who lives almost entirely off the grid - incredible! something to aspire to!
you're in the keys?? Can you stay in one place for a second! Haha.
no problem!
There is an abundance of money out there to be made. No need for me to see anybody as competition.
what state? Also, dm me your email! (:
Damn voiceover version of #BladeRunner, blah
Watching some <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080> with a queernamed Wesley lyron
o iight im iight miss ya
. Oh no! Someone stole my meat dress idea?! Now how will i make millions & bring home the bacon... Wait a minute. Dibs on bacon pants!
By attuning to the Self within your entire range of desires pertaining to the body mind and intellect disappears. You reach human Perfection
TONS of stuff on sale right now for the holidays! merch up to 70% off!! At www.nightowlmerch.com
Scratch that. Free:
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success ~ Swami Sivananda
At party's I always throw on a ByH mix. It slaps n makes the parties better. True storry
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over. -F. Scott Fitzgerald
How long do I have to wait until I do another marathon?
Haha, why thanks. (Watched two episodes of it last night. Totally holds up, all the time, every time.)
Start new school today Epic MMA. Now I will not have to go 3 places
I really wanna get colored contacts.....
If this team couldn't hit Jeff Suppan, why would they hit Miguel Batista? God forbid someone starts Elmer Dessens against the
It's 2 weeks into the new year. Are you still on your health and fitness plan? Don't let your resolution for better health fall apart.
it's goin strong man. Thx. Still jammin on the guitar and doin some crossfit? My wife is doin crossfit now
Rep. Lanning says Conf Committee is going forward and hope the Vikings can come along
I already see what's up and what's about to happen
I might be one of the edgiest writers out there...
When you have a child you can't never shit in peace
#levonHelm has passed. A #music #icon is gone and we're sad!
Will you be joining us Monday for judging?
UPDATE: WE ARE WISCONSIN UNITY MARCH AND DAY OF ACTION WED STILL ON! Library Mall 6PM. March to Capitol at 6:30PM. Details TBD stay tuned!
Coming soon. “: Hey Mo, Is your app on the Android market too or is it just for iDiots? =)
We open in 20 minutes and a juicy cheeseburger is sounding pretty good to me right now. m...
What games are ya'll playing this weekend??
#airbrushing all day tomorrow
I hope Clay or Arsenio....right LL ?!
Just hit 1000 downloads OVERNIGHT! www.FrostClick.com www.TheSlidersMusic.com
Happy Birthday to Dan the Man!
lol. How u liking twitter
Thanks for sending! I will definitely check it out.
Psychiatrists are guns without need of a brain to pull their own triggers.
Watching the View... Bruce Jenner just said that his children have good character... Showing your cootch in a porn video is good character??
Bitches out chea giving lap dances for juicy juice
especially disc 2!
If you guys are interested, we'd love a guest post about your services on our site!
Whoa. announced coming to party at #PXYSJ. You ready?
Oi, North Carolina! I officially dedicate every bowel movement I take for the next month to you. Cheers!
Man i need to be on some shit like this..Forreal!!!
hey (: i miss you too! what's up?
The hassle + fees associated w/ changing/canceling/rebooking flights is argument enough to fly Southwest all the time. Airlines exhaust me.
Going to school. Gnna wear my teeshirt! :P
oh Diddy, you're so big time, hope you remember us little folks now that you're on your way to the top!
ah... then you don't teach high school. The man keeps making us fit our syllabi to his schedule.
watching "i am legend"
Are you on the Olympic countdown? What sport are you looking most forward to seeing?-CJ
u probaly have to pay extra anyways. But as a wrestling fan its gonna be awesome.
I can't belive she left us yesterday! #RIP Jasmine ! Forever in our hearts! I see her everyday in school! This is so sad! Shesinabetterplace
Rodgers!! Who would you want to see win a Championship first: Lebron, Favre or Woods?
not a bad idea, but i feel keyboards and typewriters are far stupider....touchscreens are just not precise enough
Happy Birthday brother!!!
May the Fourth be with you.
Ooh, found another house. Cutest neighborhood ever!!!!
Well I like it instead of abbreviating all the words. Even though I do that sometime
everything is good...what's good with you?
ok...done in the studio for tonight. Need to research re: trapeze artists for a small commission piece.
Not quite sure; will check with ppl I know who work on intellectual property/tech/writing & let you know anything interesting
I Love you ;D
Not a big conflict; we might just hold off until we can schedule a weekday outing - figured I'd at least check. :)
purple is the color of seiu t-shirts service employees int'l union
Lets make it ;]
Football soon<3
good football game tonight, had lots of fun! (: now homework....bum bum bum
Hye Nialler, thanks for following me back ! We love you so much !
Probably a good thing. Not sure the Olympics is ready for God Save the Queen.
make sure you check out my sister at webber's tonite she will be hosting tampa vanowens in the city of reseda see you there!!!!
mm, i'm guessing middle-aged men who proudly call themselves luddites and spend their time lamenting change.
I ship you with....... CHRIS MARA AND HIS BIG BOOBS. ;) (ONLY YOU WILL GET THIS)
I will always love talking to in Physics.<3
your most welcome king HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
stay strong!
I guess I'm single now,wantin sumbody who doesn't argue evaday,kno wat love is,drama free and a female who put her man 1st before other ppl
Any genuine philosophy leads to action and from action back again to wonder, to enduring fact of mystery.
I love clean sheet day! Ironing day, not such a fan.
#GirlsWithNoAss Might as well be a nun. (;
In honor of Mothers Day, #makemomproudtoday!
i think it'll make a full recovery haha just two big skids on my cheek and forehead, and a black eye :P
Long live Dick! (Clark, of course)
“When things go wrong don’t go with them.”
I race mra in Colorado. Are you in Vegas? I have some friends out there this weekend
Pretty sure I was treated to Natalie Merchant covering "Stir it Up" while on hold with Walgreen's. We are all lost.
Ha leave it to me to inadvertently perpetuate wiki conspiracy theories. Oops!
I haven't. I hate to ask, what's an Izakaya?
New video coming out today!
My nails won't dry for shit um hungry af can't wait to leave !!
Right?! I even bought the "Warm and Fozzie" O.P.I. nail polish. brown/gold + glitter = BEST.
I'll never love again.
People, there is a new Bill called CISPA, it's a lot similar like PIPA and SOPA. We NEED to stop this before anything happens. RT THIS NOW!
Sure hope the new Dodge Dart is a tad sexier than the older models!
okay so today i was a bit horny and i couldnt find my dildo so i stuck a banana up there and some fell off and got stuck! help! - lauren
Thanks for following:D !
You must read better blogs than I do-comments usually just frighten me about the future of America and the English language.
Finally at school it was a late start but made it
I'm going to Vegas, FINALLY!!
what up. You haven't called me back. What's poppin
Poor Mr. Stay Puft Marshmallow Man. m.......s'mores anyone? =D
#Rayj smoked some butt naked before he did that interview
went to euro Disneyland yesterday had fun still prefer Walt Disney World in Orlando but their Space mountain was better Euro Disneyland
LMAO at mo williams falling
I would like to thank the French people for their contribution to my song, "Fantasy World."
New York mornings. Cool, sunny and filled with aggression. God I love it here.
Ronnie, thanks for the RT regarding Hard Rock Rising. We MADE IT! Seladore will play the Hard Rock in Orlando!
Awesome job on today , glossedandfound!
Wow, Clever Cycles in Portland is gonna start renting out Dutchtubs soon. What is that? A wood-fired hot tub that can be towed by bike!
#LiveMyLife is playing in some car outside i can hear it through my windows hahahaha
Whereas natural laws of the physical world are inherent, cultural values are tenuous and only sustained via endless, effortful repetition.
#GOT is pretty awesome
All Jesus, all the time!
That'd be great, l love it when you play the guitar. ;))
Glad you made it out last night. Hope the mingling got you sufficiently warmed up for swing dancing!
Key to success is optimism in difficult times, remember that what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger!!!
Enjoying my coffee :)
I have years of experience spilling food on myself, but never, until now, have I gotten pieces of salad stuck in my eye.
do you have a Skype?
good call! didnt even think about that
Good morning all! Q: How many of you guys are using Instagram for business? Just curious how it's being applied on a business level.
You HAVE to see a Broadway show. Wicked is phenomenal. And Central Park is a must as well. :)
I wanna go to a club with !! We always be on the same tip ALL the time! 100 bottles
no. No. No. You're like my sister ! Lololol I love you !
Almossstttt too pretty... lol i'll take the one on the top right :-)
Have a great Memorial Day Weekend!!!
Astrakhan cropped pants @ #Prada. Oh Miuccia, how did you know!?
2) I never ate out, its much more unhealthy than most ppl realize, but if you eat out in Madison frequently it will show (in your belly!)
Those who say it can't communicate would use your example as evidence because it's likely not just 20 interpretations with 1 meaning.
's interview w/ in St. Louis will be up this week. Will he be returning to Nickelodeon? You'll know soon!
Our pad thai has won many awards! let us know if we can help!
Cleaning corners.
Thats cool...... and not the ice..lol
Agreed! RT : Things I wish I could do today: write to Prof Manning Marable to congratulate him for his Pulitzer.
Really craving some sushi for.dinner. gunna make it happen
Tonight I will be making some gameplay videos of the two new MW3 maps that just dropped. Foundation and Sanctuary.
I wish I wasn't do bad about wearing my seatbelt ... Im the worst at remembering to put it on
Tomorrow night we tap Big Eddy Imperial IPA! Stop down for one!
Hmph.. its time to mo my lawn again. I hate doing that shit! Ugh
Saw Dream House with my friends. One #Confusing Movie! But i got it.
burned 238 calories doing 30 minutes of "Running 11-min mile with hills"
one word 4 this picture
thank you!! i happened to buy fresh strawberries from the farmer's market yesterday so i'm tryin the recipe now :D
make it Friday. Thanks so much!!:)
LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE** #tonefide x2
I have to see how we going to work. I know its not going to end well.
Comb it back -_- I dont like it
Girl, I just want a lil bit of that $$ lol
Partying like I don't have a flight in the morning smh
RT Fielder looks hungry for squirrel.
Over the yrs, edu funding responsibility has shifted from state to local school systems. 2003: 60% of funding from state. Now: ~45%.
Maybe Stern can fast forward us to that Heat vs. Spurs/Thunder finals series now for 'basketball reasons'.
We're ready for ya!
Evanston Symphony will be performing Dvorak's 8th Symphony. What a fantastic piece of music!
you okay?
So, I'm only just hearing about the Sacha Baron Cohen thing at the Oscars.
Looking forward to giving my lightening talk on #omeka today
+10 turd points! That show is the absolute worst.
"The fine print doesn't matter when you're cashing in your dreams.." Get your tickets for our last weekend before it's too late! 3234628460
Thanks for the RT and hope the PBL links come in handy!
love it!
Where are you guys tonight, again? I'll be done here around 9, may come by for a drink or eight.
we didn't even get to talk about Gossip Girl!!
Must hav coffee, less I fall asleep
Who's doing the shoot?! Where will they be?! I want to come say hi :)
sounds like it's a great #pdxcc12!
And I never told you what i should have said, no I never told you I just held it in
crap... is this really happening?! I'm falling asleep in the comp lab :O
I always do. :)
RT.dont u hate wen people r so mean??
STARTING 5 BEING REP'ED BY DEVIOUS TODAY IN COLUMBUS..WONetwork! ARE YOU GUYS ON SIRUS TODAY?
USA! I live in Pennsylvania, it gets really cold over here! Omg Holland is FAR!!
Today is my first day at my new job and I feel like I'm gonna throw up.
I heard bitches be missing me.
#YouKnowItsRealWhen everything feels right ..& deep down you know this Shii is real <3
The overly perky gate agent who's practically screaming "ZONE 2 WELCOME ABOARD!!" is pushing me to my travel breaking point.
we didn't talk much cause he had work&he told me something not likes its a big shook but im gonna text you what he said to me
I got it! The appreciation is mutual
Party hard,make mistakes,laugh endlessly. Do things you're afraid to do. Have fun,get drunk and fall in love;after all,You Only Live Once.<3
Is it too early to wish you a Happy Snow Day for tomorrow? What will you do with these RARE and blessed days of white?
Korede is the nicest little thing! I <3 CJ as well! Wish I could have been there!
I thought the Nate Dogg to preform as hologram at Coachella story was a joke.
Am I the only one who wants to see a Live Action-Stop Motion Porno? I think it would be awesome!
Tonight we will serving stout beef stew in a bread bowl, and corned beef and cabbage, true Irish meals!
Office rumors. Hate them!
:( that does not sound so enjoyable.
Just got off firewatch what to do
RT : Love that codeathons combine agile dev.w/ performance art/steam punkers #tummel - interesting stuff when combine the edgelings
This summer is gonna be so awesome! Think I'm gonna work out A LOT!
I just cut a banana You style even though you said don't try it at home (;
It's Not Enough To Know What You Don't Want. You've Gotta Know And Want What You Do Want More!
thanks a lot!
fauuuuuckyewww. Way to text me back
it says I follow you.
step in the name of love .
Take a moment & close your eyes: What would being healthier mean to your business - to your life? Fill in the details & think about this!
Such an amazing day #atx I feel so rejuvenated after a much needed wild nite w my bestie! & I completed all 3 workout sessions early 2day!!!
Ok so people on twitter can't hit me up no more what's up with that....oh you guys are something else....smh...
definitely an interesting read .
CAUTION: Once you go burnt sienna you never go back.
Tech week...we open Saturday nite!!! Come see it.
nah, you knew me back at UT. That would count somewhat as knowing Jay Gatsby. lol
I'm thinking he had to fart.
There r so many people out there that ruin great relationships by living in their past.
soccer small word, easy to spell, difficult to understand, IMPOSSIBLE to live without
I HAVE TO <3 I'll text you if I come home soon :)
SO right. We do it, and we love it. is one of them we give too!
no you na dme friends forever
thank you for the brownie it was pretty good, anytime you wanna just give me a treat i will gladly accept it.
o yea I had one yesterday Lol
My birthday is on Saturday!! ;D
They have gyms in colleges/universities.
be my life coach... oh wait thats right your struggling too
Kush Hour Tv- Excepting video's an songs to be featured- Artists, Models, Comedians, DJ's, Promoters submit to:
Especially now that universities are having budget issues. Mine has cut our retirement benefit in half in last 2 years.
I heard that too!
Ahh... finally done being chef. Sipoin on some naked juice.. yum. :)
My Personal DataSafe Announces Help For Potential Tornado Victims with... My Personal DataSafe takes disaster preparedness to a new level
1st week juggling 3 teaching ESL gigs is going SLOWLY. Somehow it's exhausting and energizing at the same time.
awe! You're very welcome :D
and we cant wait for you to try it!!
check out this photo of by
I wish but Chinese food do be doing that lol had some oat meal
awesome, thanks! Aren't they playing in Philly soon?
#teamfollowback I follow all who follow me!
Can't sleep, so I'm fine tunin my playlist before my djing gig on dec 16 and then again on dec 18. Two separate djing events. Yea work
Wahh took back my Armani shades!
BBC Radio 1 have announced more than 25 acts to take part in the Olympic Hackney weekend festival.
It is the little things you do, which matter most.
You have so much swagger every day. Girls want to be you...How'd the chicken turn out?
Thanks for the RT :)
but i'm on it now.
shout out to my boy and his clothing line...check out his flickr and website for Snuke's first big modeling shoot!
Worst day ever -.-
YW... we were so looking forward to it... there's always next year :x
Prayer is the most important conversation of the day.
Shotgun Suge....when he battled Midwest Miles
#amen RT : #Capricorn will never try to change anyone, but we will learn to accept them as they are, or walk away completely.
OMG he is making me so nervous i dont know when it will be but i know it will be tonight tomorrow or sunday he is going to propose to me
Are u from Australia ?
Follow back :] LOL your username is classy ;] :D
Good to know! RT In the past 2 years, the number of teens on Twitter has doubled: ow.ly/8OADU
obvs!! & where shall we go? RT : We do! And we should probably get drinks after :)
I hate cause Jordan is my favorite. haha. I won't lie. Still does not fit.
I need ta find ah ride but if I find 1 hell yeah ima be up der u already no
lmao how about later
WOW!!! That's awesome, you need to come a little closer to Nashville, I'd LUV to meet you!
Who's off to the Newark Xmas light switch on this sunday 11-5? and are performing! Also a funfair and fireworks!
My wife would love dining in Atlanta. Every restaurant has Coca Cola on tap! :-)
awww Nya are you okay? If you need to talk im here!
i liked the latest item on using the conservatory model ... i just wonder where all the resources will come from ...
if thought I was gone you were wrong, I will be back to spam some more!!!! >:)
Is it bad that my friends and I are the best stalkers I know...?
I'm focused on two people and a well known source of light. Me my lady and God.
RT : Mount Rumpke is the highest point in Ohio at over 1000 feet and is made up entirely of garbage.
if you have ever bought the contents of one you would understand... :-)
We live a generation of not veing inlove :/
Get involved at the Urban League! More info about volunteer/internship/mentoring opportunities, visit us at idealist or volunteermatch.
Challenge and shaping is I believe part of the Christian walk. #mkBiblechat The more I learn the more I realize there is to learn
Sale: Office furniture us at 317-917-3266 or inbox me for pics or come by our office at 4755 Kingsway Drive ~ Indianapolis
just saw a white woman at the post office with a Black Panther Party t-shirt
Wow I really just wanna sleep all day.
Thx for the mention!
QBO works fine with Chrome without any Chrome extentions
Hahahahahahah Franzen just tried to impale a nashville predator
Obituaries of very successful people can tell you alot about the winding and difficult path to success in any field, profession or endeavor.
lmao, that thing is creepy man haha
Hm technical difficulties continue
The tweet. That you made. Remember?
Obama did not talk about B Palin;it was her in typical reality celebrity train wreck that asked Obama to apologize for Maher
Looking forward to the extreme amounts of ridicule I'm going to get for not knowing who Joe Paterno is.
the shit you hear about me might be true, but then again it could also be as fake as the bitch who told you
IM LIVING WRONG TRYNA MAKE IT RIGHT
Wow, the gym kick my a$s tonight!!!<U+E00E>
Im hearing this standing ovation on the radio for Andy & I wish I was watching it instead!
only one solution to that... Vegas! 18 days, book a flight
yeah enough of that has been
Congrats Peyton on becoming a Bronco, Denver is a beautiful place for an old horse to be put out to pasture.
i cant wait to see you <3
im tired ass fuck , omg
wow, hadn't thought of that! so true.
Just saw cows getting it on..ew.
. Congrats on your first #PGATour victory today! Hoping this opens the door for many more wins to come.
I'd see Avengers again. Next weekend?
#TonyParker along with the rest of the Spurs are the reason the Spurs get 5 this year
That jimmy Fallon soccer bit was the best thing I've seen on late night in quite a while.
I have so much homework to do but I choose to go to the movies.... Oh well
Dang, that's pretty awesome. You seem pretty important.
At least you are honest, I'm not saying he's even close to as good as Tosh, but Ridiculousness is still enjoyable still enjoyable
Thank you so much !! And we jus followed them !! :))
It just hit me that it's finals week. Hello stress.
Will do! Thank you! Yes he is excited. He chose the dinner for tonight. And it's sushi! his favorite...
God please help me get through the rest of today. After all, I am human.
This nigga has definitely got 2 SMASH pop records on his hands!!!! Geez!!! Good fuckin job!
Thank you Yvette! Don't forget to like on Facebook! :)
Follow back please :) were both supporting Josh <3
Wants to see The Avengers again.
en their beautiful faces. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Well should hit the covers already, hope tomorrow is a good day ((: G'nigghhhhhttt. Xoxo :*
The monsters coming back...slowly calling my name...
Why are people tweeting happy mothers day to their moms? Your moms doesn't have a twitter
Loving the photos of Japan in Jan. The Snow Monkeys are awesome. They're all chilling in hot springs, I would be too!
thats your guys teaser...
Judge joe brown > mike brown RT : Cleveland Brown > Mike Brown RT : Niño Brown > Mike Brown
Everything is gonna turn out, everything will be alright
yes! Please get rid of her this week. She's good, but it's been long enough!
Haha like U said on the tweet I'm going 2 just forget about it & not say any questions, comments, or jokes because so far they
ii8 bet its actually Dj's tho
It's keeping them that way that I want to encourage. He's been a good voice as far as I can tell. Like to take him at face value.
me too!!! I got some yellows too
Can't wait to see in NYC it's gonna be awesome!!
chicken feet make more money for chicken producers than any other part. They sell like crazy in China
Negative Christian people <
the helmet was accident but wasting a good $9.00 beer on a fat, blind a-hole umpire is jail able!
well now ya know ;)
There ya go #Rockies!
Nighty night. BRING IT ON, TUESDAY!
Well to feel a sense of relief you're gonna have to do it..
There is no software to create a great idea. Rule your world today.... Think!
LeBron...bro...put that headband back on
heath, johnny, jude– you'd think the imaginarium of doctor parnassus would be better...
I love how everyone's problem solving skills revolve around "hey...do you wanna another beer"
how was practice? I thought you all were competing this weekend?
Never cut what you can untie.
Retrain Tip: Beans, like chickpeas, contain soluble fiber, which works to lower the inflammation that causes belly fat.
Just did an interview with jug band player. "Battle of the Jug Bands" is this weekend in Minneapolis. More information coming.
Clock mangmt time now
Take an additional 15% off of ALL deals under $500 for today only! Use the promo code CYBER to get this incredible savings!
that commercial is so epic bc of how he says it.
me and phone calls>>>>
South b-ball game tonight. Woo!
Late night man! Next time, definitely.
Really can't wait for the #Pens vs. #Flyers game to start!!!
The sheer expletive possiblities of that blew my tiny mind. Also: casually walking into the staff room and lying down.
We are who we are until the day we die
Balloon flight was a no go yesterday. Trying again tonight. Will keep you posted.
Assuming you're talking about the riots? Word has it Spurs match will be moved to Goodison this weekend. Least of the problems.
More importantly, she bagged Kanye *while* he was with Amber Rose. (US Weekly is my new favorite news aggregate.)
The Friday Annex Acoustic Evening series is back! Stop by the tonight at 9pm for music from Adam Fettig
major fail on your part... the site is silverproductionsmv.com
we ended up at the zoo. Was nice even though it was very cold!
Bur!! it's cold, hope everyone can stay warm and drive safe :)
one more month in skool.. it's going by quick !
Gray and Fenty debate live tomorrow, 8-11, 10 a.m. on News Channel 8 with Bruce DePuyt
PLEASE. I JUST HAD TO PUT MY CAT ASLEEP. CAN YOU JUST NOTICE ME THIS ONE TIME. I NEED SOMETHING GOOD TO HAPPEN. #RipJuliet<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Mine translates literally to "With bacon life is possible; with bourbon [it is] good."; has a pun 'bourbono' & 'bona'.
"Sugar Mountain." I am $hit-housed.
Happy Birthday little cousin. You and Iman have the same. How old are you now?
Today is an excellent lounging day
New logo. Whatcha think?
No spoilers. I can't watch until 10:00!
if ur mad at me then dont i just woke and started listening to Drake thenni saw ur message
Tough call, but I'm going w the Beginners. "Tell her the darkness is about to drown us unless something drastic happens"
I wish I could just understand Herr Vaughan for once in my life.
when u gonna be here sir?
An early #FF to my #Stabile12 running mates and soon-to-be grads &
Note to self. Don't look at pictures of your family while listening to Neil Young. Total waterworks.
Also, why do I have a midterm this week?
If u aint got no ass bitch wear a poncho~
I give up...I hate trying to get your attention when it's always on her now.
I get out at 4:45
lol...that's what I'm talkin about
cant wait
friend of rachael's :)
grey connections. Thanks
I'm in such need of merch hahaa. most of my warped tour $ is going to the transit tent haha. can't wait!
and it makes my day when calls me a saint for sending her those pictures... :) x
Need an excuse to vacation in Southern California? How about free lifetime training classes at our World headquarters in Orange County.
If you can't grow facial hair, don't try and grow facial hair. You will look stupid.
if you move to Santa Monica you will have to change that....LA people don't like attitude or aggression OR confrontation.
I have To walk to school today<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Anyone see the #SalvationArmy & on ? Scouting for Food, happening now, check the site for ways to donate.
it's step 1 that's the tricky one. :-)
#bitches .... all i have to say
making the sentence turn into "HOE ARE YOU STILL ALIVE!?" Instead of "HOW ARE YOU STILL ALIVE!?"
money city woman, money money city woman. Ten dollar bills, twenty dollar bills, fifty dollar bills on your breast woman.
Doing a little happy dance about the way the job market is going. Regardless of what happens in the end this year, I'm so pleased.
the shad derby fishing tournament...hahahaha. (:
Aiight so I'm up and this is really early. Let's get today started.
I love "Victoria"
I'm the kind of girl that will do the craziest thing in the world just to make her friends Nd other people laugh<3
Want to hear about innovative projects in the humanities? Join us at the Project Directors Meeting on Sept 27th: go.usa.gov/0l6
I start off caring then I end up not giving a Fuck...
Lets grind
Let's have a toast for the douchebags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the scumbags Every one of them that I know
RT : hello lovely brother. i see you haven't missed out on fla's lovely cuisine. jus stoppin by. love ya!
But why is Turn to you on repeat every time I get in the car? Haha GREAT song! So touching! #loveit #obsessed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
On my way out for the nite ^_^
I hope Obama fixes that pothole that took out my car's suspension
Aww. They grow up so fast, don't they. :)
Less than 30 minutes till i'm off! Hurray mothafuckaaaaaas i'm gunna survive another day! lmao
oh but I'll go to LA too
Many thanks to Mayor Mark Elliott for his endorsement.
when you are forced to go to a show the night before AP's.....and the sat
Spurs... another year another parade!!!
We just got some new *Shiva Skunk*
RT " #Scorpio is the sex pot at the end of the fuckbow." damn! and i couldn't say it better ;-)
Appreciate the RT :) Hope to see you at
<U+2665><U+2665> Clams Casino - Numb *Unreleased <U+266A><U+266A>
sent you a DM. Please read. Tx.
Sleep > homework
no shit needed. but I'll take the birthday cheer. Drinks on thurs?
Recieved my script for “Romeo and Juliet" in the mail...it's on now...I will be rehearsing in performing in CT this Summer.
#FF to for working so hard on your midterms. What a Herculean effort!
RT : YMCA of Metropolitan Milwaukee is hiring a Public Relations Specialist. Based in Milwaukee, WI. Apply at...
Why does Meagan Kelly talk over every guests. Sounds like the small dog section of the pound yap yap yap yap...
Im back people!
served over 4 billion ads yesterday!
Announcing the Quarter Finalist Match Ups for the Nat'l TLMeet...
thanks!! Thought you might understand my enthusiasm <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
me, probably
I always thought the "Don" in Don Cornelius was a title since he was the Godfather of soul(train)
you can post to hipswap from ANY area in the USA.
happy big old landmark of a birthday young man!
is gearing up for the weekend AM news. Our topic this weekend: What's your favorite Chicago parade?
watching perfect game again on mlbtv...best line, 'if he knew he was going to get this much time on the camera today he might have shaved...
For some reason, I can't stop laughing at the new Sun Drop commercial. I wish was the one dancing in it though.
FML! Why did I go into arts admin?!
RT Microsoft is investing in Barnes & Noble. Get ready to have to close and reopen a book randomly to keep reading it.
Finally Friday ...I Am Ready!
you looking for seo help?
Did I ever mention, how I love to pick wildflowers on a Sunday morning?
#itsnotapartytill you start hanging out of the car on the way back to campus
im falling asleep to your youtube covers tonight, your voice is amazing <3 #ah .
then who twas it ?
#schoolmemories Having cards to represent your behavior, green being the best, red the worst.. when mine was orange, I made it green :)
Residents' anger at land clean-up - Newmarket Journal
is a fucking slut.
You have to maintain a healthy level of insanity to remain sane around here.
Awesome! RT : another week, another trend!
Just started drink ayy
waitin' on this lame ;)
James Harden a fucking monster
Just got home from a crazy weekend, chillin with tomorrow
Finally watched the season finale of The Walking Dead! So Good!!!
Happy Birthday Twitter!
Alright - I need a break. This whirlwind romance with The Legend of #Sprada has me all wound up. New episodes will be back on Tuesday!
Hey there Hot Stuff!
TGIF -Thank God I'm Fly and so are you tweeps!!! Always be your #1 fan.
thanks again Joe for the WODs!
praying for you!!! ((hugs))
You'll have to kick me off your damn lawn first.
I need more followers... I also need to follow less. Time to trim the fat.
thanks!!! and we will! how are you?
Let me tell you the secret that has led to my goal: My strength lies solely in my tenacity. -Louis Pasteur
I'm just saying you could do better, and ill start hating, only if you make me
and thanks for asking xo means much!
naaa that would be to short. Run to Australia that would take longer. Lol :p
When people disappoint you, just look at God. You'll find something you can't find from this world
What are these innovation games?
Farm bound for a long holiday weekend!
Sacramento needs a gateway, a welcoming sign. Here's one "Welcome to Sacramento, find our coupons on Qponomics for your smartphone!
Attitude and personality are two different things. My personality stays within me wherever I am. My attitude depends on the ppl front of me.
you're so gorgeous Thelma <U+E414><U+E414>
I should be listening to the blues. Instead, I'm catching them. Sigh.
Not part of the #BeerMob?? Ask your server or bartender how to join. Get exclusive specials and great beer mob gear.
watching Never say Never ! I miss the liitle Justin :/ Buht i.still absoulutly Love him ! ;)
If the world hates you, keep in mind that it hated me first. -John 15:18 -- Bible Scripture ()
haha would you I'm making s YouTube hall of fame
is going to go to walmart and Go into a fitting room, shut the door and wait a while then yell loudly "There's no toilet paper in here.
#BCEagles fans - are you happy with what you are seeing out there? What is going on with the play calling?
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
awww snap!!! Where u rollin too Miss Jones??
SATC is not bad for what it is. Girls is grittier, so it gets more respect but seems written by a 19 y.o.
A3: Relevant topic, under 5 minutes.
We were lucky as fans to have those 7 guys in our program #dontforgeteloy #BBN reload! you ready?
q2 how many start the survey but don't finish? that's what i do when i find it inconsistent or weird
Locked out. Key missing. Exhausted. Ouch.
When I'm 60, I'd love to have a surprise party similar to the one happening now!
It's storming...so if anybody needs me ..I'll be under my desk...Hey...I was looking for that!..M&M's have the 7 hour rule right? lol
Id make a good eric camden
Bargain hunters, take notice: Our Clackamas Town Center store will be opening at 8:00 am on Black Friday!
Seeing the avengers with my brothers brought back so many memories
This is wrong, bcuz it inflicts epigenetic personal injury damage on the person & next 3-5 generations of offspring-
"Understanding that asking for help does not make you helpless is a key to success"-creepy guy in the mirror
welcome to twitter. bring on the tweets
Wow, that was a great fuckin show. I feel infused with inspiration. Or maybe that's just Virginia Corbett's ice cream.
don't step in horse poo... That sh*t doesn't come out.
Isn't the converse that he shouldn't be allowed to be a broadcaster?
It would have been different if really thought Rachel deserved to go home....but she didn't.
What's up :D
When people are jealous of you, it probably means you got something they don't.
Excited to see all the goodies! RT The market is officially open for its 35th season!
wins. life complete.
We ran out of Vanilla Porter, but Next Door Ale and the second batch of Harvest Ale are about to be put on tap!
watching how I met your mother. Duh. Don't act like ur not awake eating pizza/McDonald's right now
Well it's about time you met A-Rodge, amirite?
Tm103 in the car is crucial
. Im happy so far, hope they dont blow it in the draft.
RT : Lemons will repel spiders.
At Drakes in Cool Springs..new restaurant..fun place, good food, awesome service..ask for Hannah..
I love your music keep doing your thing
idk if you remember me but i was talking to you on line while waiting to meet the ICONic Boyz at rollerjam? Shivani ? Lol(:
The first step in doing something about dental sensitivity is to find out the cause. Your #dental professional can help you with this.
Well that kind of snuck up on me. Turning a page into a new decade in 34 days
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 63
Hey it's National Chocolate Milkshake Day! #Sweet!
Just crossed the Mississippi River!
#watchBOYFRIENDvideo are those sunglasses Mosley Tribes that Justin is wearing?
By Rob Markman Wednesday's episode of "RapFix Live" might be a wild one, because Atlanta rappers Travis Porter will join
planning a vacation...any suggestions?
*Confession Box*---->Name one thing about your natural hair that you do not like...
lol... i can do it with the quickess just can't roll it!
Ok, I expect to see more of you tonite...half off your drink from 530-830 if u mention this tweet today!!!
For God sakes RUN A PLAY!!!
Girl, I love you! And your Rihanna looking self.
Celebrating Corvin's big 4 today! We let him open "Fireblast Grimlock" and he has saved the universe every hour on the hour all morning!
It's going to long to cook this thing
1991 is more recent than 1984.
Mice are the smartest smelliest sneakiest little fuckers. Lol
ok i will
Im trying to go out tonight
Men harm others by their deeds, themselves by their thoughts. ~Augustus William Hare and Julius Charles Hare
I miss you too, very much. I promise I'll make the next trip Blake takes to Denver!
I'm going to sleep all day.
no prob! Thanks for everything. But wasn't there like and IPad contest for the first Likee or something?
I know, I loved it.
Yeah yeah.
Thanks for following us!
Thanks to everyone who has been favoriting and retweeting my stuff! Geez I feel the love. <3
Oh La Liz! ": headed to for preview of a lifetime: Elizabeth Taylor's jewelry collection
Phoenix could easily go 2-3 after tonight. It's Utah I'm more worried about.
2 be clear, early tweets were not to say Axford is a bad closer.. Rather curious #'s disparity he like most closers have in SV vs. Non-SVO
lolol ahahah! you mentioned me in a comment on instagram one day, it made my life 50 times better, but you should follow me too
Kentucky wildcats leggooooo
holy shit the interstates and on ramps suck a fat one in Amarillo Tx
sure, I'll just wing it! ;)
3 more days. Changes.
huh, out here in the masses, refreshment is plentiful...wanna trade seats?
If Westbrook facilitated more instead of trying 2 steal Durant's shine, #Thunder would be REAL scary
Looks like another busy one
Would have given it to you but you were just a tad too slow on your entry.
Thank you for the great write up about SDVLP board. You are the best.
no its not it just depends what guy you date
Busy day tomorrow
Yeah, rewrites always take me 10x more time than the "writes". The challenge is to spend more time in write mode than rewrite.
We had some audio issues on Bi Talk Radio today, so we are rescheduling for tomorrow at 4p.m. sorry about the issues.
I'm So SAD will never ever ever ever notice me :/ ! he doesn't even know i'm here </3
Now taking preorders via email
You think those CAR fans who don't like Kuechly pick are not remembering the cluster of crap that was LB at end of last year?
About to change my own life. Watch
Jesus is still ever present...
Headed to Lewis Center for my little sisters prom at olentangy orange.
Get me to derby
Where My Damn Wings at!!!
Guess I'll get up & put on some clothes.
lol, pass game 5, Roy hibbert owned Howard in the reg season, the pacers had the 5th best record for a reason! Bring on Miami
It's Friday, people. Let's get down. I'm looking forward to the weekend. Yesterday was Thursday, and today is Friday. Then Saturday. Sunday.
I know right? Bein a girl stinks.
You end up in an identity crisis. Men think, you don't love me if you keep your own name. Bullshit.
ugh im bored pc4pc or sumthing
If you guys want to help, email us at with your name and area (city, state) please do :)
Somebody that I use to know
tony showed me the picture of your dress i love it!
I want chinese food!
i am a former civil war reenactor with the 140th new york infany company b living history orgainzation in rochester ny
Yes, Comcast you suck - ahh thank you. Everyone else may all return to doing the awesome things you were doing before this tweet
the theme for my arcade front end is horror anime. splash screen+ 4 emulators with animated gifs+ bg sound mix bu ultrademon.
your right
It's uncommon for a guy to show he cares
#CNN After conflicting reports, FBI spokesman Joel Siskovic says Adam Mayes -- accused of murder and kidnapping is dead.
Damn, Harden was doing work too
ENJOY LIVE MUSIC AT JIMMY'S Come see Matt Wahl this Friday and Saturday 7-11pm
Thank you! I was sorry to miss it, but things have just been so busy preparing for the conference next week!
Oh Christ, Lacee... Did your Mom forget to put your clothes out on your bed last night?
seriously I was born to be a cheerleader!!!
Vcu good game
I like what you said earlier concerning C. Paul being the best PG in the #NBA. "He can Deliver, Lead, and Close."
I always poke my eye like that too! It's so annoying!
you are on our recommended list!
Pics or it didn't happen :)
on the pursuit of happiness :D
it's complicated.
Unfollowin a lot of people...
Great friends to
"Your super cuddly" "ewww.... No, that makes me sound fat"
7 days left of school. moving to a new house. starting a new course. i'm scattered this week.
Good eye Alex....let's go Tex!!!!
Pretty sure you should only use "joint" when talking about Spike Lee films.
Long days with long nights.
THAT IS MY JAM.
I rather see you happy with someone else than be unhappy with me.
Greatest reading of the weather/sign off ever from the great Paul Cebar on
More work on the agenda tomorrow. Will I get a chance to rest?
Chris Paul just flopped like mother f...er
Thanks for following, I followed back. I'm working on funding, thanks.
needs to be more of you guys out there, thanks for the support
sell outs will end soon! This team stinks, even with Utley and Howard. This team needs a makeover
On Air Force's TV schedule, also worth mentioning is that the Michigan game will be televised. Or at least I'd be shocked if it's not.
Uh oh...What are we fighting over?
It's some crazy Twitter names #RandomThought#
Nice comment in the Patch ;-)
Up for Day #2 of #NACA2012 ! Looking foward to the ed sessions and todays showcases!
Colombian salsero Joe Arroyo has passed. 'No le pegue a mi negra!'
Target iPhone app is impressive. Nice touch telling customers which aisle to find specific products.
Irish Alzheimer's? You forget everything but yer grudges. Happy #StPatricksDay :*)
Austin-y Sunday: bluegrass brunch at Threadgills, shopping for treats at Central Market, nap time.
it's not who you follow...it's who follows you
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Face Painting Stories , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
Less than a week to the Lincoln 10k. Are you ready?
Lindsey left me outside if her house for half an hour and i read 36 pages of #MockingJay THANKS GIRL!
After a night of reflection, all Rockets really need to do is beat Mavs, win 3 vs GS/NO, and have DAL/PHX lose 1 other & UT lose 1
I'd be okay with the season ending right now.
p test tomorrow...
You guys better not be having sex when I get there.......
Are you the assesories your parents buy for you? Or is there an actual human with an original identity under all that Horseshit?
Excused from Jury Duty <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Only two weeks from friday and I'm off to Arizona!! :D Happy that I'm finally getting out of this biopolar state of Missouri!
Adults with ADD/ADHD may lack the symptom of hyperactivity, just as children may.
5 days left before Beer-Con! I can feel it in my bones!
Chelsea had The Special One. Di Matteo delivers The Special Stun.
Zuma Fun Center hours today are 10am to 8pm...the fun starts here.
Both and are kicking my ass in all categories this week.
:we haven't set a date yet, what's good for you? <--Thanks for the reminder! How about Tuesday 5.22 at 5:55 p.m. EST?
it's just a few hours of hard work every day :)
Yes, mole does have dark chocolate in it and chilles and about 25+ other spices.
#MotivationMonday: "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
if you want it ask
She probably only taking a few classes at a time. Sucks for her though
You will not solve problem with mobility. Only way is to restrict car use. Easiest is to restrict parking.
More from MWP: "I look forward to getting back on the floor with my teammates and competing for the Lakers fans."
Hey , let's get started on making some "Flynnch Mob" shirts!
Wow...totally getting my butt kicked this week by Fran, Kelly,and Isabel
Before any trip to Baltimore, Maryland, I make sure my affairs are in order prior to my inevitable death. I'm good to go.
Wait but my mom thinks she's waking me up at 7:30AM
I love you so much<3
We used sign w/ my son strtg By 9 mos he ws requesting independently. Now @ 18 mos, he speaks up to 6 wrd utterances.
Don<U+FFFD>t let the noise of others<U+FFFD> opinions drown out your own inner voice
At the ultimate hipster restaurant for lunch--Craft and Commerce.
"Free Will" by Sam Harris. READ IT.
Walking over to the Student Center for Campuswide Grad Orientation and to share about the Libraries!!!
Well, isn't she a True American then!
I'm going back to Myspace. Who's with me?
Just 8 South Africa and 26 USA prints at GILT prices are available as of today. Contact us via our Contact Us form on www.MandelaArt.com
can u text me back and stop tweeting instead.
Another "rescue of Iranian sailors" by US. I felt the quotation marks were necessary. This game is getting weird.
Looks delicious!
Gonna be a fun weekend with our good friends & shows on feb 24th and 26th download music - get tickets ashlandhigh.com
New songs, pix, and video updates soon! bookmark this sh*t
I really do enjoy Voxer! Such a good app!
i know
Need someone to text me
Hi Thanks for the follow! Look forward to reading your tweets!
i dont think we should not be friends anymore u know who u r 1st period Health Class
I think should follow me. no..? alright.
I was suppose to be playing red dead redemption right now but I'm still watch'n 30 Rock.
Stay tuned everyone...you'll be hearing more from us next week!
happy happy Easter
You on?
wow already? I thought the 1st season just started..
Interesting findings from NEEAR user studies: #AR users showed more curiosity & more engagement with real world.
No days off... cliche but true... RT if ur awake!!
oh yeah u mine now
You can tell to suck it. ;)
I'm waiting to hear how LeBron lost this game on my TL. *watches with anticipation*
Where is that from? hahaa
#LSUWKU for the record Boise lost by 1 point. At least that part of the equation is over!
RT": Clearly that whole 'april showers bring may flowers' theory is bullshit"
I thought I was the only one who thought her new stuff was dumb
Why do girls hate on guys so much. #Letsbehonest the reason your single is because you're a judgemental bitch not because all guys are asses
When i heard there was a flash mob at statefair, i just assumed it involved apontaneous dancing...
Sike...i think imma cry myself to sleep
Would you say that the policies advocated by partisans don't address problems?
damm bro who the hell did u beat on like that lol?
via - Today A Shoulders And Triceps Day, Area Man Reveals 14 Seconds Into Conversation
Are you going? RT : Fun rides, Cartoon Camp, Creative Corner, and much more tomorrow at Kid-A-Palooza tomorrow!...
and it ain't even Thursday
on the gold coast, beach life with my beach wife.
NW Teachers for Social Justice at Chief Sealth HS in West Seattle. 500+ incredible educators here today! Holocaust workshop at 12:45!
aight good luck and good hunting lol :)
RT : would you eat a salad for #breakfast? I did this am. With a slice of whole wheat bread & cheese.
-_- the disrespect
As good as you make me feel I wanna make you feel better Better than your fairy tales Better than your best dreams
I might have dipped out of work a bit early. Don't let the boss man know.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will-- Zig Ziglar
#uppers my son is an honor student. I've been with the same partner for 20 years. That's Traditional.
Super Bowl Sunday!!!!! $1 Pabst Draft & 2 for 1 Buffalo Wings during the game!
Why the fuck do I keep thinking about this...
they can still be in the ol tummy.
About time it snowed!
Building the brand up to what it need to be at. Hard work but it makes me feel good
can't believe we didn't include you on the list-FAIL! I want to do Sharks! (or jellies) tweet up next. Will def include you!
#blessed to have such great friends <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Glad you enjoyed the talk!
A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks, he becomes. Mahatma Gandhi
#MensReproductiveRights you have the right to chose a partner who is willing to procreate with you. Key word *willing*
I am so hungry right now! That looks delicious.
restin, baby, it's been a nice, long weekend.
smh....them damn chalupas. Work with this guy on speaking english bro...I can't even understand what he's talking about
It be only slightly more awesome if you also had one done nail. Don't ask me why. It would just be awesome.
The sun seems to be taking a long needed nap! It worked overtime this summer!
Off to watch the 'Canes. Football is here!!!
watch your mouth
Heyo Bay, you come at the King you best not miss. - Omar
They want the 8th graders to stay out of it because we be making them look stupid!
i got it to go to change password what do you want it to be
ehhhh, at least he's wearing pants!!
#NBA it seems like everytime i whatch basketball theres more backgroind music everythime! I hated it when i was there hate it still!
Learn the art of appreciation. You might already possess what you're in search of
“: #twitterselfreflection I really like the Big Lebowski”
is blowing the minds of all listening at Neumos right now.
how bout them cardinals???? Pujols is a beast!!! Rt if you love me :)
don't you mean #wetdream?
Thanks! Hope you had a great long weekend with the fam. (I'm totally in Alice withdrawal here now that contract's settled, ha!)
Working on the thesis yayness!
look I'll send you the number that you have me
you got it, expect an email tomorrow.
Nearly twenty minutes late starting the Metro Board meeting. Not a good sign.
While biking yesterday, I saw my Shadow. It reminded me of the Wicked Witch of the West. I listened to Time from Dark Side of the Moon.
I had a blast!
I miss the California sunshine :/
no smiling. :(
I came face to face with death and didn't like her breath.
Just had the yummiest shake from Sonic. Thank James!
why was i not one of the 1m trial users!!?
cool. Are you legal yet? Lol
What's the best way to purchase fresh truffles?
#FF to this week's attitude and getting-shit-done rockstar:
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul. ~ Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Yes, I do. RT : do you think Alex White will get a chance to make his next scheduled start against Seattle?
Unfortunately cannot be transcribed. He must be experienced live.
whats going on man
RT :"There are 2 types who avoid OOP. Those who've never been exposed to OOP, and those who understand OOP."
NEW VIDEO ON FACEBOOK!! www.facebook.com/karlachisholmfanpage
Spanish Colonial Days!!
ahaa you already know
Is anybody watching the Notre Dame - Louisville game? Wow
What's the minimum for a Swiss bank account? Seems like a fun thing to have.
"I am part of the sun as my eye is of me..." D.H. Lawrence
Welcome to 2011 snow fans! We are hard at work for the coming year. Wanna be a part in Seattle or Portland? Email us at
I'm the only one with a key to this bathroom. This is how the world should operate.
Please like our Facebook page: www.facebook,com/Globaln3t
RT People who didn’t assault a gay kid in high school don’t say they have no memory of doing so. They say they didn’t do it.
When boys text you first and know how to keep a conversation going. </3
My team is the French Lickers. Won championship two years in a row.
Relaxing with Sarah and the bros playin' a few games of pool.....haha so
says "Just stay true to yourself, then things usually turn out well." I just recognized this recently myself.
hahaha no proob (: . Its not that cool but if you need help im there (:
Thanks for the shout out! Have you been to any of the places on the list? What's your favorite type of ethnic food?
My daddy like to nag all the dang time.
When I Need Anna The Most She's Not There ... -__-
as long as the Lakers win, I could care less what it takes. I'm definitely Republican when it comes to sports haha
thanks man. ZEPS is actually battling Diz next month in Sweeden. Thatll be interesting to watch.
when her uterine lining looks like the elevator from the shining STAYFREE MAXI PADS
Glad you could join us. :)
So stoked that #NF my cellphone is alive now.
you should see how beautiful it is at the Philly zoo where I work!
hello world
When you remove the fear of failure, impossible things become possible. Regina Dugan
will he play end or outside backer?
Right now, I'd give NF a 95-98% chance of beating CD in the general. BF vs. CD? CD has a slight advantage; prob. 60-65%
BEST BURGER IN THE CITY. All caps means I'm serious.
ooc; Cause sur gave it to me at School? Dumb ass.
NEW YUMMY POTENT EDIBLES IN, GOING FAST: Melt in Your Mind -- Peanut Butter Bars, Lemon Bars, Apple Pies, Pecan Pies. Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com
lol y'all be driving me crazy
I know smoking isn't good for people or books, but there is something comforting about the smell of old books donated by a habitual smoker.
Who's figured out #Google+? Can't figure out how to #upload #photos from my
Rahm: Look fwd to being your partner. Whatever political capital I've earned, willing to use to bring substantive, real reform to system.
#TheEvilDead plays for ONE NIGHT ONLY tonight at 11pm for only $5!
who knew so many kick ass women fighters? And so many female fight fans?
Yes, and they are filming again today in the Downtown area, but not sure if it's the same location as yesterday at Kiss & Fly.
Love the classy back and forth guys. It will be incredible to see these two teams play in front of 24,000!!!
Thanks! I feel great, too!
33575 at 1st break. Terrible table/seat draw. Have dipthrong, a long time hsmtt reg on direct left, and I think possibly zeejustin on direct
Thank you !
Damn straight. My brother and I almost had two murders under our belts as teenagers.
Hi world
RT Aight Who Wants To Go La Fitness Wit Me (Mess Wit LaLa)
new music feels good in my ears
Without saying too much Safe House with Denzel Washington and Ryan Reynolds was an enjoyable typical CIA thriller. Go See.
Watching Queen Nancy lie, lie, lie! Is she being waterboarded?
Just got home for round 11 of the Mayweather fight. One more round left, sounds like Cotto's gonna have to go for the knockout to win.
Yeah Rivera...that's how you shut shit down lol
"But friendship is the breathing rose, with sweets in every fold." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
any working links?!
The #ESPN #NFLDraft analysts seem to be puzzled at the #Seahawks pick. The #NewYorkJets are on the clock.
One more day closer to the weekend!!!
“: (320): I hope your sleeping good cuz when u wake up im punching you square in the face.”lmao
Welcome To Da City:
On the way to for drink and doodle
anything from the Bourne Trilogy
hahah yeps :D and sure. ill txt you when she's home :)
it works if u're into coke
You swear things would be so easy...please.
Playing with my new phne.... I love it....
cali will go off today, buying BROOKLYN BUILDING....what what
dip lay's potato in your leftover mustard. Yum
Only 2 Buffalo Sausages left! Sellin like hotcakes
At night when it gets quiet and lonely <<<
Yea! Are you competing in Austin again this year? We'll be at the smackdown with Theo at Westheimer tomorrow.
Last week I picked up in #FantasyBaseball & can't say wasn't part of my decision making process.
Simple ... cut it out like a tumor.
I'm sorry you're sick Robin. I hope you feel better soon!
email me. Let's get you guys back in for an interview
thanks! I needed that:) ill keep that in mind!
humility is our acceptance of ourselves ...www.soberlivinghouston.com
Congrats on the last day of classes UNC students!! All 20" cheese pies for $10, for UNC students must show ID! Take out or Dine in only!
That was a close one I suspect. Great bunch of actors this year. Dujardin is dashing.
Well at 8 a.m. October 25, 2011 it looks like Harold Miller the elected President of Sunnydale Tenants Association in
New website and mixtape are in the making..oh along with green waves festival at UCF! Can't wait to vibe everyone's bones
efff that.....thanks for no cake
Contradictions: I had "Paris-The Devil made me do it" AND "Vanilla Ice-Ice ice baby" on tape....I'll admit it.
Don't compare me to her , cause there is one difference.. she'll never love you like i did .
Who's this guy with the red-striped tie talking now about mortgage problem? BRING BACK NEWT AND MITT!!!!
Much better, good recovery!
I just have these moments of noticing little female stereotypes and feeling irritated. At the same time, I like the story.
unless its with waffles that shits sour
Oh FUCK YEAH. i love that rule 8 is just cookies. fucking sweet.
troll baby lolz
heard it was Henry's calf
For this cold, wet New England day, rubbing a pork butt w/ rosemary & garlic, braising in some red wine & slow cooking!
Ah, #omeka enters the fray
Thanks Remig - is such a great cause and we were proud to be a small part of its launch!
it's the Tim tebow of rules!
I'm waiting for a #PhoenixCoyotes vs. #LAKings Conference Finals! #GoCoyotes!
Naps are good
not yet, but stay tuned!
Happy mothers day to the crazy bitch love youu <U+2764><U+2764>
Finally registered for ! Never been to Philly, and super stoked to see my library friends.
Getting ready for a ride on the mountain, first day back should be interesting.
That old ass game LOL RT : I wanna play Crash Banditcoot.
i would like to thank #extraspacestorage for the help yesterday...i can enjoy the holidays somewhat better now.
#LACMA is free today!
This difference lies in how much fun you have with it. :-P
So jealous my friends are out by the pool and I'm in willy t... Tomorrow cant come soon enough
Using me is one way to get rid of our friendship.
I'm so bored, someone come kidnap me. SERIOUSLY!
Wait...there's a new #mydrunkkitchen? Why didnt anyone tell me?! XO
RT Living your dream is less about what u get and more about who you become by doing so.
Agreed, incredible. RT : So great to hear from all these women lead companies in emerging markets.
Anyone else among my followers felt that earthquakein NY? My building was shaking so long I thought it would collapse. I am on the 5th floor
give me the dirty deets kie
Hey , thanks for the RT on Del Mar Surf Dog Competition
Awesome! What are you now? Did NC State figure out how to keep you 'cause you are awesome?!
excellent man! Will check it out ASAP!! Thanks!!
On my "day off" I'm working on a sem paper with and grading (and grading and grading). At least there's baseball tonite!
last question! deceptive/misleading method of influence + positive outcome for both parties. manipulation?
The #Mets are tied for the best record in baseball! Haha but on a serious note, Johan and the bullpen looked great today.
He lies. She cries. He's not sorry, but he apologizes. She complains, he doesn't change. But yet, she still stays."
Haha I knew I could count on my fellow Gators to get it
the overview and arial angles are breathtaking!
It wasn't normally this bad. use to have a mix of domestic and international news... now nothing international
So sick of love songs so tired of tears.
RT : Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. -Danny Kaye
Great training with Sikkasoft this afternoon. Thanks, Deanne!
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Partly cloudy. Patchy fog early in the morning. Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 73 to...
": " hes been showing up so far. Im a fan of them both but i see lebron wearing a ring and getting mvp this year
Tell. Don't tell. Runaway. Die.
Thank you tivoli! You rock! :-)
Hearing Obama could have announced Friday but REALLY wanted to carve up Trump on Saturday. #
cocaine was outlawed by the federal government in like 1900's not to sure bout that
So tempted to cut my locs. This thinning is getting the best of me. :(
Watching Moneyball on HBO. Reminded of two things...It's a great movie and it's mostly made up.
Back pain usually affects the lower back. It can be a short-term problem, lasting a few days or weeks, or continue
TONIGHT FEATURING THE APOCALYPSE BOMB $3.50 also, $2 Miller bottles and $3 Powers shots
and I have contemplated that since you have free time now, YOU BEST BE READING SOME NAMAZ AND QU'RAN. :)
When you really want to text someone but you don't have their number & they have no idea of your existence <<<<
So was the company I had.
Win the game? You get to take it home! Tomorrow at 7 in the Forum. Sponsored by Campus Activities Board.
im a full blown insomniac...
Ok, entering hour 27 and 's labor is progressing great. Baby will be here by morning.
I'm in the Phone Store getting a Car Charger, dude walks in with a Prime-Co Phone!! LOL!! I couldn't believe it still worked.
I never even went to #throwback weekend and I'm pissed!
Your user generated data = currency
I repeat: #YOU are destined to overcome every problem in life. When I heard speak these words, my mind was renewed!!
Need help finding an apartment in NYC? Please contact me at
Its coo long as ya outcome bring income!
I am so loving it! Not sure what everybody else thinks about it but this is MY TIME!
"Baseball is ninety percent mental and the other half is physical." - Yogi Berra
William Burroughs: Rub out the words: The second volume of William Burrough's correspondence finds the novelist ..
I demand flash loading a PDF. And musak!
so LAME!
follow me for DMed deets or look for an email later this weekend :)
turn to the bucco game, that will start the healing process
Casually took 20 minutes to put my pants on.
Tonight I sleep empty.
Completed a taxonomy for a client in Agronomy: Soils, Crops, Land. Dirty business!
I hate it when them gods get to actin like them brauds, I guess every team doesn't come complete wit niggas like ours..
oh hell to the mother fucking no im not going outside today its fucking raining...-_-
Wisdom: RT : Our legacy is created by the people we help along the way.
AW I'M ALL TEARY EYED....LOVE U TOO LIL SISSYYYY MUAHHHHH
May your surgery be as successful as my mother's for ovarian cancer. She is well today! Thank you for helping so many feel connected.
Spam in my mentions.
Cumulus Media Networks cuts VP/Prog./Distribution Maureen Lesourd, Finance Mgr. Brian Kaefer and affiliate guys Dave Allison & Brian Curry
Everyday you save my life <3
I don't want today to be over yet. :c
yeah you do that Jp. Have a great weekend!
Arabi has canceled today's 3:30 pm class. Guest teacher Kelly Haas will teach Mon. night 6-7:15 pm at the community center.
its cause dean got another gf when you left. then he broke up with her today....
All my friends left me
Had a great birthday today! Feel soo blessed!!
Night before the superbowl very difficult to even think of the impending NFL labor lockout- a very real possibility
White plains<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
no invite to the gym? You know I get it in <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
It's okay. I think klout has me listed as influential about a sports team. I don't know what that's about. Ambien maybe?
Blackberry desktop software install on XP- why all the rebooting?
There's just no excuse for that.
Mr. Rager by Kid Cudi is so sad..
“Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness.” – Mark Twain
Move me my fellow train through the cave of tracks and tendons
domestic puma. but yes, a kitty.
And of course
All night, have been drinking shots while watching #Oscars every time I hear the name
Presenters should receive panel and moderator info in their email today.
Happy Birthday !!! It's about to be on baby doo doo mama!!
One word, Krishnaerobics.
HELL YEAH COREY HART!!!!
yeah man.. Us old guys gotta stick together :) it was great to meet you 2!
It's amazing. I read so much more now.
The best memories that last a lifetime always happen
what wrong?!
#EpicPhoto RT I want to lay in a room full of rose petals one day...
Your thoughts create your reality...
scores in third straight game as Team USA remains unbeaten and unscored upon at Worlds.
And then there was rain, I filled the house with candle light, I filled the air with music.....
I stick a toothbrush in my ear to make my brain vomit negativity. RT : Purge bad habits and negative influences.
Yeah Buddy
Or is the best policy to have knowledge spread out among many different non-profits --public libraries and academics and more.
I salute Jennifer Branco Colati and Greg Colati because they are good trainers. Their #SAA metadata webinar is great.
Bout to get it in on this MIDKNIGHT RUN set!!!!...lets get it!!!
I'm on duty tonite. Need help? at Hollie's Bonding we know "It's Good To Be Free". I'd rather be helping you than sitting on my ass.#KC RT
Deciding, considering boning up on my French -Though I'm already a Gold Key member, so have access to all langs
OMG ;o Cant Even Think Aboout it ;) !
Nice to Tweet with you too BONNIE! :)
Sent you an e-mail good for a free $50 if you sign up for
Ur crazy those shits r way too expensive
#GreysonMMag Do you believe in Ghosts? :)
Sometimes I forget we have a 5th borough. MLINY
the rumble/grumble of thunder #seattle almost was as loud as my stomach growling. time to eat.
Fascinating: visiting WW1 memorials in NZ. War memorials are crucial cultural symbols here. / via
Now what you gonna do? Opportunity right in front of you.
Thanks gwurl! ;D “: S/o to my new follwer ”
Next hair cut in the barber shop is free!!! Hurry hurry the race is on!!!
Are you going to be in Warped Tour next year?? You seriously should! You rocked it this summer :D
He looks exactly the same as when I was younger ! lol !
Of course, that's ideal, but you have a responsibility when they are being abused. The court ordered a monitor for kids protection
Van Gundy is just laying into Paul and Griffin right now. I love it.
I had to buy it. Pffffft
Any other places ya'll would like to see on LevelUp?!?
are you my award show tweet buddy?
Nice article, Bob. Excellent points.
I did the same thing and without fail they all end up going to war despite their anti-war feelings pre-simulation.
blake students
Happy Monday! Lots happening at LSHQ so far. Thanks to everyone who filled out our user survey last week. We got some great feedback!
King pigeon jus kicked my butt picture that
Need a nap!
You're welcome:D
Saturday needs to hurry already mayne.
alright gtg to church lol. be on later today maybe :) kay bye haha -izzy
ha! I meant my bike has these cables called power cordz and they suck. But yea swim cords are great!
"tiptoe through the tulips."
Tonight @ work, soon OFF!
love that the FB timeline lets you tell a story about your company!
you know it!
It's so damn hot I almost want to go swimming.......... Almost.
Kick ass program by tonight on the "situation room" in the White House on killing bin-laden.
I'm sure you're going to get a bunch of bawdy suggestions, so here's mine--play Chutes and Ladders and make milkshakes.
I am not in the mood for getting fucked round.
1 audition down and two more to go.. those will wait til tomorrow. It's the weekend, y'all!
"pizza, I didnt order a pizza!"
and don't get mad cuz i didn't show u the attention you wanted in high school its cuz i knew you would end up a hoe in the future
we don't really know. My dad said they'll take her to the vet if it happens again.
#Cotto the distance RT #MayweatherCotto Who you got?? How many rounds is this fight going??
It's time for a beer.
What Do Teachers Need? RESPECT! - Huffington Post
thank you!
there goes Bart!
The first three groups from Chesapeake liked the Positive Tomorrows tour so much another two are coming today!
I would like to announce I am forgoing the NFL draft and returning to UK for my sophomore season of flag football.
Now I can't get that song "snapbacks and tattoos" out of my head.
Congrats on the hot weather then! :) Sis-in-law just had a baby and I have baby fever, but our baby days are officially over.
COME OVER hahaha. I'm making mixed cds. Where were you tonight ??? :[
Back to NY city baby so stoked buffalo was badass all the bands that played last night were awesome hope to come back soon!!!
Thanks, yo. You should deffo save up for Glastonbury '13. Truly a life altering trip.
Wat I like the most about a sex ladie on here is one who is beyond fine/but her pic has her fully dressed or apic of her kids
I like nice colors
makes me want to fucking die
Lara Fabian You And I: via
If Yu Wasn't So Ugly I'll Put My Dick In Ur Face. -Come On A Cone
In order for us to be on the same page allow me to be the bookmark
Still trying to organize the ppl, will keep you posted. =)
Of course! Joe is set for Weds at will call.
Watching 90210 (part 2). Brenda said, "it's not hippy witch it's Twin Peaks and it's really hip right now."
when Tomorrow where CBP
I did ms babics
looking back, we all did some stupid shit. complete changes.
I told her I dont want no BALD PUSSY just that WOLF PUSSY! lol
more ppl r getting welfare checks than are getting paychecks in USA-when r we going to stop feeding this monster?
What's going on in downtown Silver Spring? The helicoptering is outrageous.
Big bang theory that man is so sarcastic
Breakfast at CLC. Hell yeah
Come out to KAMS for happy hour!! Handing out some free drinks in honor of MJ.
Joao Gilberto's classic "Chega de Saudade" #nowplaying. What better way to start a Monday morning?
Organizations and individuals grow by building on strength. And if you don't blow your own horn, there is no music -- Alan Weiss
You can't not like me!
you gift certificate is on it's way. Happy Holidays!
Where does #onemillionmoms shop - only where gay people don't? Because I want to boycot THEM. Oh I'm sorry. Is my rainbow petticoat showing?
Well I'm done doing stuff for other people.
lol I'll try to, but if anyone messes with my food I may have to be mean
One of the stitches in my mouth is poking the hell outta me :c & it hurts!
I'm knocked out when my boy's here, but when he's gone? Wide awake. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Got my lady and my Blu-ray copy of #Drive Days finally looking up.
if you're in highschool you should know how to spell by now.
oh yeah, what kind are they?
Thank you so much! I hope you found what you wanted. FYI...We are having our Spring Sale March 1-17 - 20% off fabric & Trim
You won't like the new me.
Wait, does this mean we're also host city of the Puppy Bowl???
I'm down bro when are u available
are you looking to do shirts or jeans. Or?? Need a picture for shirts or a design.
- CraigR. It's the next big thing!!!
look out for rain and floods in missouri I think .
I feel like im gunna puke:x
Ronnie don't deserve Sammy Sweet Heart....just sayin....
Hot sparks of the mind - Small, brief illuminations Expressed from darkness.
Do any of you guys subscribe to the Westlaw Journals (they used to be the Anderson Litigation Reporters). They are VERY helpful.
twin....where the fuck you been
It was nice to be back at the Q to watch the Cavs scrimmage today!
i'll send them to you bbye
The world renound Phaal Challenge will be taken upon...here we go baby here we go
Are you excited about the extension that #Breckenridge has honored?
: I can't see it! What is? Also, hi.
sofy music really calms you down!!!#R&B
death gotta be easy, cause life is hard it'll leave you physically, mentally, and emotionally scarred
Shealeigh just made my day.<3
Thanks Heather!! Glad to have found you guys on Twitter!!
like the new avatar! Welcome back to Twitter.
Depends would they have made a mockery of Miami before they left?
Yeah yesterday was Fat Tuesday, and now today is #MargaritaDay....so why not follow up with a Skinny Margarita???
We r with you Clint!! “: Our prayers are w/ & the entire Lowery family as they mourn the loss of Clint's father"
That's what I thought. I think I rewound it 4 times when Sonny was killed to make sure it was him being gunned down. (1/2)
Jake Da Snake's new mixtape JAKE DA SNAKE'S ON A PLANE drops in mid-December, with the Morocco Vaughn directed music video for "Told A Lie"
Hope both were enjoyable. Thanks for mention!
that's sucks I'm sorry...what do you have?
when is kyle gonna make a move does he have the car to win?
OH: In my next life I'm going to be a Somali warlord.
take care of yourself!
The people in this country really need to decide what they want. Low taxes or welfare state? Pick one, not both.
I know no one's ever bold enough to say this but The Beatles' The White Album is so good.
Shooting Tommy jus aint enough..Ima need for Tommy to beat that ass!
Can't wait to read you tweets
RT : Join in the #autism conversation by tweeting to with hashtag #autismchat!
Did my usual get buried early and finish strong today. Went from - 40 to +25 over the session. Drove back to SD tonight, back to thurs
Oh... RIP Maurice Sendak, "In the Night Kitchen" was my favorite book when I was little!
I saw it yesterday. It's really good. Makes me want to read the book.
the class, and is still exempt. I am passing, do all my work, am awake and I have to take the final. FUCK THAT! Omfg
tell joe ill be late. Please :/ I lost the paper w his number
last year at Rocketown at the Honor Society show
Wristbands are handed out in the middle of the week, a week that most if us have finals on! Not everyone has nice parents, mines are...
what hogwarts house would you be in?
Good Morning! It's a winter wonderland here in Chicago...off to get a 1$ med coffee from Caribou to jump start my day!
what's up?
$210 to start your own business. Nothing to sell. Just build your teams. No autoship and no monthly fees.
I feel like I'm losing you, and you aren't even really mine ð<U+009F><U+0098>¢ð<U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
im sick too! =[ drank 2 bottles of oj already lol
I hope it snows all night long!
Still have openings for Jan & Feb. Does your venue or private event need some great music entertainment?
the worst part about knowing you're getting engaged is waiting for it to officially happen...We just want to get our life started already!
oh man, and that was right around the time I got the camera. I'm honored, Eric. Honored.
LOL @ me & Alisa sitting here dying for a tweet from .
There's none so blind as they that won't see.
I need summer to be as long as the school year
I probably am :)
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers reading this. And I wish you happy memories of your own mothers, too. www.lindaswift.net
Great to meet you today and chat.
No cavities?! Are you sure dentist? I'm going to celebrate with a pack of smokes and some coffee.
Odd relief of the day: I am WAY overqualified for reception work.
Benjamin Harrison~ We Americans have no commission from God to police the world.
High-five!! I agree with your last tweet. Normally I'm silent when stuff like dis happen, but it's always a time and place..
The worst way to not have someone, is to have them sitting right next to you & you know you can never have them.
THIS. RT This nigga business ideas....are out of control
Sometimes I need what only you can provide: your absence
Wow can't seem to get it together this year.
they're even harsher now than they were in 1997.
you are so cool.. Much luv..
dang it! it's the other way around!
for real!!! Biggest pet peeve
Happy New Year, tweeps! Let's hope 2012 is a better year all around for everyone!
I was trained to be an actor, not a star. I was trained to play roles, not to deal with fame and agents and lawyers and the press
Watching on the news ... Looking good !!!!
I was blessed today, looking forward to being with you on a Sunday VERY soon!
Brandon Marshall has been traded to the Bears
GOOD because there is no fun Friday without some sort of alcohol :-P
Shut yo ratchet ass up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
That's not how you roll T so tell em to kick fuckin' rocks!!! lol
Hey guys! dig the sound..hit us up if you're ever rolling through LA
what's so different??
Looking to carpool from the westside of Vashon to the ferry dock to take the P.O. boat M-F. Vashon followers, know anyone?
ill def mention u to them Mel. I think their budget is under $3000. Not sure.
YUS!!! sing it LOUD
Okay, Baylor is bringing it w/ the neon...now the baskets!!
According to Taylor, it's usually during tbeir last hour that they leave, maybe 20 mins missed. It will screw up my a.m. too
My 6th grade son is writing a story that is really good. I am considering starting a writers group at his school.
Goodnight Justin. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.#neversaynever!!!!!!!
what movie po!!
He got crazy* oooppppssss!!!!!
i know this isn't you but how could they play that intro song again tonight? seriously
Why is it when you run into a spider web, you suddenly turn into a ninja?
Congratulations. It looks great.
Love sayin' it... Patio is open!
Hanging out with out friends(:<3
(my last tweet was supposed to be to you but I accidently tweeted myself loll) but yay keep me posted! xx
stamp the basket. devious?
Don't be surprised when the world manifests your expectations right before your eyes. Expect the best...and you'll probably get it.
I'm not insensitive to trauma but this is not an appropriate time or place.
Ugh, selectman meeting total waste of time.
Kawhi Leonard - starting for the #Spurs - great to see #SDSU representing in the #NBA!
I HATE MY NEW HOUSE. IT SUCKS. AND IT SMELLS LIKE OLD PEOPLE.
haha what ? Brooke has some too lol
Just woke up bodys killing me and I can't believe I missed this amazing weather wow
Got dinner reservations for the night we see Iris and Nathan in NYC. Can't wait!
Robert H. Schuller
"She said keep both feet on the floor next time.... WHAT WAS I FLYING?!"
Was this National Share TMI on Social Media week? I'm all for transparency, but turn on the brain to twitter filter.
Walk with me and you will see,see the sea I see.
choices choices both are needed!
Staticky pants. All up in my bizness.
Considering how to make Christmas music sexier
nice dj @ unmarking
Follow Back
I'm sitting here playing YouTube videos of dogs barking to mess with jaycee. No inspiration here!!
anything I can do to help let me know
I found 4 *more* cruise ship dinner menus at my mother's. Do you want them?
Rumbling thunder! Rain *today*? Please?
Not blown away so far. Judges are gushing too much. I miss Simon.
You still have bottles left? If so (dare I ask) how much are you charging per bottle?
Thank you Robert Egger-#badassrobert-for insights, inspiration, strategy, laughs, and great food at the EP Leadership Residency. You rock!
I gave them a framed picture of us for Xmas but it wasnt professional!
Neither is Lucroy. RT Brian Anderson: "George (Kottaras) not known for his throwing."
Q7 have dream job as manager in a special library, took a roundabout way through positions with vendors and public libraries
you too!
I'll Make You Some!:)
You are a giant punk
If I delete an article that got imported via RSS, how do I get it to not import again each night?
AMEN PPL NEED TO STFU
This afterparty will follow DCs #1 Speed Dating event "Mix & Mingle". Ask me how to get your tix in advance. U dont want 2 miss out!
I hate house huntinf especially being out of state.
That is a lie why wold you put out false information get a life
Today was by far one of the most fun days I have EVER had at work...if I can even call it work. Thanks boys
Sweet, that's the New wake & bake jam for us
Why do I let shit like this bother me?
Katie I cannot believe you just did that! It's not nice to hack people!
Yessir! I have a bench of gold on my fantasy team anyway.
Let the redeemed of the LORD say SO! Whatever trial, say SO. Whatever naysayer, say SO. Whatever challenge, say SO! Jst say SO!
yeah I used to be like that too. Then I figured out there are totally different world cultures and experiences to try lol
My chronicles on the
Time to go upstairs & do @ shaunTfitness Asylum RELIEF. Work the body in A.M. - take care of it in P.M.
Ticket sales along with drama like a soap opera.......
Swing by and check out some new music! We have some amazing singers!
my support!
The morning with and immediatly smile
Luke Bryan AND Jason Aldean Are Coming In October!! :D
actually, I have no doubt that is true. cc:
weather is good in Vegas, 61... Great night of TuffNUff ammy fights at the Riviera tonight! Couture and Mir are fighting! HMC!
Saw your banner at Stonebridge Potomac town center near Wegmans. Are you going to have an office there? That would be awesome!
Day 6 of doing nothing at work. ACK!!!
probably the most important lesson learned... is the pun queen! :)
Hooooooooy, MR con las Chicas :D
By the power vested in Ed Lee, Wayne Coyne declared it Noise Pop week at Bimbo's last night!
IT! me & pilar already did! and we're going crazy ! I <3 IT SO MUCH! AH! ;D
so wet, its sloppy sex..
it was cool I always enjoy it its like down the street from my job so when I gone on lunch sometimes I sneak in a quickie lol
PS. I'm sitting in PHX right now waiting a few hours for my flight back to SMF
WOAH WHAT?!?!?!?! u luv WHO?! ddnt u promise to tell me once u finally fell in love, no matter how much u deny love at our age.
: enjoy your day Mr. Diddy. Hope the food is good over there.
What would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
I love love love love love the case you sent me!
More like Swaying Ferris Wheel of PUKE
Dude walks into the store I work at and says, "My mom told me to come talk to Janixa". Apparently, she liked me and was trying to set us up.
Cheap Trick has been noted as a Foo Fighters Influence. Will the Foo Fighters be rocking for 30 + years like the Trick?
I had him on the phone and I was fucked up to be fucked up :l
RT PlayersRep Client Tim Barnes (OC) cleared waivers. Now available for a practice squad signing with any team.
Looking forward to fun background noise today, #ManU vs. #ManC in #EPL. Gotta root for City, which is like favoring #Mets over
i'm sorry if i sent spam messages because i just went thru my messages and stupid spam stuff sent spam to all of my follower :(
You are so brave! You're doing the right thing. Go ahead and cry if you need. All will be better when darn thing is over.
So the #MuppetsMovie was uhhhmaaazing. Dave Grohl as the fake Animal was perfect.
Nothing is on tv tonight
Too bad he didn't get to play all year. One of the rookie QBs probably has it locked up.
Looks like the 76er is kicking some serious arse for you. Nicely done.
i always wanted a pet tiger!
Oh don't bring that up we have un right size trees here, them palms are all different bums me out :-P
I see that thinner spot on the sat imagery.
#iLikePeopleWho WANTS TO KNO.HOW IT FEELS TO BE RICH ! $$$
Can't wait to see the Romare Bearden exhibitions at
btw I'm stalking you and THAT HAPPENS TO ME TOO
Omg I have such an awful headache! Im almost positive I have a concussion.
I'd still argue that they're equivalent. We can duel it out tomorrow. :)
What are your favorite happy hour bites?
Thanks for that. And how would you rank the nutrition component of training vs the cycling/ exercise component?
Ohh better watch out and got there guns and there sexy selfs an are gonna kick your ass if you get in there way! ;)
Be straight up with me. Don't stand there wasting your breath and spitting bullshit to me.
Check out our good friends , they have some pretty sweet tunes. They're on our top.
that is not music
Great game tonight, congrats on a big W!
Steph and her boyfriend are having a huge argument
ahahahha ur welcome !!!!!! i love to be
Good Luck Kei!!
Sorry about my previous rant calling 's web tool a dog. Profound apologies to dogs everywhere.
Keep your head up. You got a lot of football left in you.
Spongbobs on!!!!!:D
I don't need you to sweep me off my feet. Just be there when I start to lean on people.
where r u headed?
You have now! And it is hugely appreciated!!
u r so rite we need to get verified!!!
Oh. Andrus. See, I can tweet the wrong names too,
It's Thank-You -Tuesday. Please visit our new friends ;; Have a great day!
I just watched The Wiz on my flight, I could watch that a million times! Ease on down ease on down the rood!!
Happy birthday, beautiful girl!!
I. Fucking. Hate. This.
Paying for that nap after teaching 7 lessons today. Was tired but now I can't think about sleeping
Absolutely. Fans are king today. Artists must first build strong fan bases, and then the revenue will follow.
the Championships of the Americas where countries associated with North and South America compete in many sports prior to the Olympics.
I'm about to go to Wal-Mart with my grandpa! Haha! I love him! :]
Thank God for another day above ground.
Smallcashed the Rio daily to ensure I don't go 0 for the summer.
you are too sweet, thanks
Thanks Paige for following!
Good morning:-) About to go hit the gym this morning....gotta go hard this time
scoreboards need to go mobile/virtual anyways.
m yeah!:) & you should!:D
WTF Waukesha County? Can't you count?
Forgot to get something at #aasl11? Take 10% off your next order with coupon code AASL11.
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> "If this were a cold war we could keep each other warm..." <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
you've got it don't even worry! Did you stay up late?
For the record, George Zimmerman did not play lacrosse at Duke
Eng Majors: few; Nonmajors: none MT English profs, what percentage of yr students actually write in their books these days?
dont u just adore my new twitter name !
Jus landed....#420....let's get it
Oh, and also, Go #Barves. Working and watching from Tijuana Garage. #openingday rules
we will hoist a cup in your honor.
laughing “: genius RT : Wait, so all we had to do to achieve world peace was sacrifice Madonna?”
It's a beautiful day! But I'm in working at the music library for most of it. Hopefully I'll go for a good run after work.
I'm really liking the cowboy James Storm.
Thanks 4 the tip. Already done ;-)
PLC has bases loaded with no outs in 8th with cleanup hitter at plate.
Looking forward to my two new assistants starting next week!!
Lmao you gotta try to guard
Cincinnati,Columbus,Dayton and Lexington come out to support The Kirk Franklin concert Friday May 18th. Call 513.621.ARTS.
Big things
shoshanna [bats innocent eyelashes]
"We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future." ~George Bernard Shaw
Just watched The People Vs George Lucas, a lot of food for thought, I'm going to have to write a post on this one.
I have been searching for myself as a musician. I've written like 60 songs in 5 different genres haha. but now i picked 1 genre!
I don't see a big difference. If we're supposed to be learning from this, why use the method he calls least effective?
everyone dreams of making it big someday u actually made it happen, as a child did u ever think u would come this far?? WE ALL LUV U
nice! you can even pay in cash!
Ok.I know that this is out of left field but I found a statistic that many women struggling with weight issues have been sexually abused.
Eat mcdonalds & hope it goes to your ass that's the only advice I could give you.
you owe that to the
Ha im kidding! : like i hate you!! And that im "hate" on the lakers :p
is joy formidable worth downloading?
Just discovered the GasBuddy app! Its free and you can find the cheapest gas station around you - What Apps do you use most often?
Brought to you Courtesy of the Red White and Blue, Happy Memorial Day!
man, still remembering the moves bjax put on #eagles D a year ago!
Or that sweet laser from Honey, I Shrunk the Kids!
if you're so concerned w/ parks/rec budget issues- let us & other commercial recreation groups get long term permits!
LOVE working with you too Jerry! You make my day
Mega customer denial today. Southerners are in a bad mood this bank hol it seems
Hitting up a bike ride.
In going to start writing down all the shitty songs that are in my head when I wake up. Today it's Van Halen "Why Can't This Be Love"
With Mannings signing, its going to be tough for any team to sign tebow time with his limited skills. I say Jacksonville takes a chance
Very good to meet you Dan. Thank you for joining our conversation :-)
Thanks! I love this city & our food scene! RT You can not mention food in #Philadelphia without
Someone text me I'm dying of boredom
I've driven down this road a thousand times before. Do you know what it takes to bring me to your door?
Spoke too soon. Accident on tracks - no trains leaving SF. Now trapped on Caltrain
i wish i could go back in time and meet again there some things i wish i could've told him , taaaff !!!! im soo stupid ! :/ <U+2665><U+2665>
what did y'all bring me in to?
weight room time C
Hi thankss for following me!<3 :)
RT : RT : "I be chillin" might be the best phrase, it's so simple but so complex lmao
Catching up on fun #backupjam A6 add-on:make sure u know about all ur data 2 backup.servers/apps/VMs added all the time mgrs aren't aware of
I don't have justins swag, and will take content anyway I can.
Re Denver, we should see when there's a dodgers @ rockies game :) Lower downtown is really nice, good food/shops/bars.
I seriously think that Tony Lucca can win #TheVoice he's so AMAZING!
#teamnosleep tonight for sure !
Steelers!!! I love woodley. :-)
Maybe it's a real estate trick! HaHa
Going through my clothes and getting rid of a TON. Amazing at what it does for the psyche. I feel AWESOME!
Hungry and tired. #Mehhhh F Monday's and tests the week of finals <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I can't stop listening to 's "Not My Love 2" and "A Faint Illusion"
lol my internet explorer dosent work right! lol i had too restart it!
Des Moines has become THE social media capital of the U.S.!
Anybody that wants to hangout tonight and has a car
Bout to hit da sheets. Got to see da dentist in the AM. Ugh!
!! RT : It's good to hear from the biggest Ravens fan in China!
great way to spend a bustout day
not to mention i've had to speak with 3 reps - 2 online & 1 on the phone (all saying different things) - to get this resolved.
plus heir hand always ends up awkwardly place on your boob
I know that
Just discovered Kua Designs through Yorm Ackuaku! Thanks for the info. Would love to have at Wafrique some day soon.
Hanging with <3
He has it. Feels good being home doesn't it.... enjoy the now!!
so, you're going to the Tibbs wedding, right?
I promise with my whole heart :)
Can't sleep
who wants to do Romo a favor? :D
nice! I'm super pumped for Hulk and Iron Man
happy birthday You rock. I wish you the greatest day!
So cute! You guys are tweeting each other like reality t.v. stars. Haha.
You and freaked me out with your quantified selves!
RT : Just arrived at the #MobileDays event in Tosa! All the food smells amazing out here! Very nice day for an outdoor party!
I am 7 Weeks Out from My first #NPC #BikiniCompetition >my inspiration
#ReplaceBandNamesWithBoobs All Time Boobs
thx. Come back to Nashville & we'll hang longer. I didn't get to be awkward....
Good see Hartnell using Soul Glow...
Worried about Perk, Much needed down low with defense & rebounding.
it's probably bc i didn't grow up near a beach, but i am endlessly entertained by waves almost knocking me over.
I admire truly gifted minds.
When will this week be over?
A mouthguard might help, however, If the pain and discomfort gets worse, you should get it checked out by your dentist!
Tough audition tonight... Character is a child abuser... This might be the challenge of my acting career, being the lover of children I am.
Daily GTKY question presents guilty pleasure week. What is your favorite guilty pleasure song?
Happy Birthday ya filthy animals. May all your drinks be #deuced tonight.
Your color blocking brings tears to my eyes! And I am beyond jealous that you were at today!
Definition of a religious hypocrite: I never fast during Lent, but I always eat pancakes on Shrove Tuesday. Oh yeah, I'm a hypocrite.
Tonight we begin rehearsals for our 75th anniversary season! Exciting!
boom! I'm there in my underwear ;) mwahahahahah
A latino man 559 brought burgers
A needa nap...
#WinterClassic just about to start. Nothing like outdoor hockey!
Oh, and it's payday! Holla!
He probably thought you were Knighted.:-)
Trimet blogger tweets he's back to work after that controversial posting on his blog about a bicyclist. What do you think about his return?
thanks for the follow back!!
#PrayForVATech, be safe everyone.
thanks for the follow! great meeting you at the #RTHoliday party.
Think I'll hit the Arvada park today
thanks for letting us know! :)
hah. I know.. less drama. And less fake people. :)
Scavenger Hunt, our documentary about California Condors, will screen at the Finger Lakes Environmental Film Festival
Type in the word "alone" in Google images to view some stunning photographs.
Love it when people fall down the school stairs
will do !
Wait so wtf happend last night.
Confession: I bought another pair of (on sale, yay!) at after the meetup last night. :)
oh ok
When you punch kony in the face.
Richard Stevens blogs again!: Anger and outrage
RT : Grace does not choose a man and leave him as he is. -CHS
i dont gangbang,im not a thug or a gangster..but i aint no bitch eitha
black swan?
but i did
Also, nice stache.
I know it's a tad late but you're welcome for the #FF mention. Have a good one!
I kicked IE8s ass today. I made it do things it was probably never meant to do. Made me happy watching it suffer.
Picture this. In walks James Bond & he wants a martini. Shaken, not stirred. Buy this deal & you'll know just what to do!...
Congrats to all the well-deserved winners at last nights #Oscars. What were some of your favorite moments?
Rip The Run Way..... Waiting For Lil Kim
recipe for a great Saturday: mani/pedi + nutella scone from + beautiful weather + stroll through
Oh how i loathe #infections! This sucks!!!!
Went sailing this morning with and Ms5 at Warm, steady breeze, beautiful view, Ms5 greedy to work the tiller more.
Murdoch will simply be losing even more readers! For pay content only has a chance when it's exclusive and industry targeted.
What's burning in the Third Ward?
Rocking out to #ASOT all freaking day!!!
Son needs to be at work in 20 minutes. I've shaken him once. Not going to again. We'll see how that turns out.
Bulls TEAM is good and very well may have won it back at home. But how much would you have trusted Boozer down the stretch?
Miss Universe 2012 could be held in South Africa!!
Mike Smith on #TSN: "I'm not satisfied though. I've got a lot of work to do."
#thinklikeaman Ok Gary, reminder is set for your Comedy special!
I wasn't at the Sounders match, so you're not alone.
I love being at mommoms house :)
Great thanks! And you? RT : how have you been Desi?
The roles have reversed. Mom is visiting this weekend... I've been up since 6 and she's the one sleeping in!
Getting excited for fest tonight! will be in full effect!
Libin it all night in pjs
"God gave me you for the ups and downs <3"
Funny you should say that, b/c stopped by 2night & had the punch!
If you still have access to the other phone you could put the SIM back in and copy the numbers over to the SIM.
So many good things in the works! Friday is going to be magical at translitmag.com
thanks for trying. It's currently only available in the US. Just type Meplusmy in the app store search box if you're in the US:)
Thank you Erick, for your great story and support!
hey buttercup (;. looking good.
#NYE is just around the corner!!! So excited! Don't have anyone to kiss though : / probably because I'm too awesome!
Congrats Andrew!
Hnng.. I hope my fyzzed shirts are here before I have to leave tomorrow. I want to wear one to karaoke
Thanks for the shout @ !
haha okay and are they of us and I will Skype in a min babes x
Do you follow your fans on here? I'm a big fan of your book series.
Why are restaurants so stupid with the auto-playing music on their websites?!
I have a test in Spanish and Geometry today... So freakin nervous.
How incredibly radical it is to believe we have options.
Nevada has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
Watching workers place bricks back in sidewalk. Thanks!
that's a good lookin background pic!
Hve best tbl evr. Just need a hnd & not get sucked out on...funny, I think they all want me to bust..I don't want any of them to bust! Lol
Sleep whats that????¿¿¿
Girl yes I'm pregnant, but I still hit the club.
Good Guy Gone Bad!!!
Too cold to be in the ocean? Take your waterproof ipod to the mountains! coupon code "snowpod" will save you $15 this weekend
in. Let's see if & play ball.
My life.
Never trust a man who says he's the boss at home
#WhatYouSaid I know what I want, Id prolly get it right now if i could.
Good morning. Are you available for a call?
that is true in italy
#nlcatlanta is officially in the BUILDING!!!!
Congratulations on your shop!
Great day to be outside today! The weather here just like in the Spring in Russia around Moscow.
60 minute at dogfish head
oh dang, being fought over? wow! and how about i go for the rest of the year & then go back to ms!
MY sister & i are going to see Liza Minelli in September:D
Big S/O to AKA #TheJanitor Working at !! " "Let Me Clean that up For You" ~ TJ AKA
Somedays I wish I could just sleep and never wake up.
there's an SNL skit with Justin Timberlake I'd like to show you. :)
The #python code I writed yesterday is as #badass my grammar in this post.
You can't make them drink or think, apparently...
wait...when??? how long are you out in the Valley for...i'm at work, but maybe we can grab dinner after..!?! :D
rule ima follow " become good froends b4 we take it to a higher level"
Next week will be our #mediachat guest. CAN’T WAIT! Join us next Thursday same time, same place!
A few more tweaks then the site will be live. Cool to see it coming together.
i t can only be in 2 places cause I only sat down in 2 places today, but yellow shirts won't let me back in
graveyard movies tonight at 4 am. CASINO + FIEND OF DOPE ISLAND. where else can you slam a zombie and catch a double feature at 4 am?
there went the morning...
OMG! Just watched your music videos. LOVE them! I want to make an appearance on your next one. I do a killer running man :)
I'm so ill at movin my feet that I don't even need a beat!
Thanks! I think those are on the wrong side of the city for me though. My job is in Smyrna. :-)
Which coffee shop? If you need recommendations feel free to ask.
Watch how developers are using your data. If they are all doing the same thing, why not help them all?
Break ups aren't always meant for make ups. Sometimes relationships end in order for you to WAKE UP.,,..
Sad news for Church Hill. Glad it's only one week! MT we'll be closed starting today for a week so we can renovate!
The "golden spike" was driven in at Promontory, Utah, connecting the nation by transcontinental railroad today's date in 1869.
Feeling like shit cause your not around
Lucky :( RT When I get home, I am going to get myself a mc chicken :'D <3
Former foster kids without families get Thanksgiving treat - WXIA-TV
Ready for the #biggestloserfinale to start. What an amazing season!
bring your guitar to my house.. I have my kit waiting to jam
I might sound too demanding but Pau Gasol better turn into a werewolf as he's playing..
Everyone watch out is raging again.
sydsmithh (: its not a mahomie instagram. its just for my photography & other cool stuff. haha.
I've had a mental breakdown the past couple of days but I'm back on it. ALLDAMNDAY
check my last tweet instagram
hey! Dm me your number!
Glad you did. Which shows are you working on these days?
Haha, yeah it won't make you any less likely to be arrested than if you do it during the game. You'll just have a smaller audience.
Ha. Yeah, it could be real, unfortunately.
Red wine and Thanksgiving belly and watching football and/or getting tips on Modern Warfare 3 from the nephews.
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 7
No he didn't.
because I can go but Amy's is my ride back and I think she's busy today):
I personally think I deserve to be happy so why can't I be?
Thank you! RT : Congrats to on their #mandeville store opening! To many more successes From, Your fam!
nigha you do know
I hope you feel better soon!! <3
Some days just don't work out as you planned. I just hope I'm awake at 8pm CST for #shehechat of will not be happy.
The fancy clowns are the most frightening.
smooth operator playing at the marathon expo
. can knock, will knock.
At Pavline Studio Shooting some talking head green screen stuff for the series Slice!
: hahah well ok I guess
Don't forget to Check-In with us tonight on foursquare and/or facebook places.
follow my other page too
Last week of summer. -____- It was fun, I really need to get more siked for school. :/.
Omg I want to be there so frekin bad you do not even know I am crying:'(
On my way I'll buy a car. But I can't. Because I can't even get a $1 drink at Wendy's. Because they aren't a $1 anymore.
I'm going to the first person to tweet tomorrow and tell her happy birthday. Just watch.
lick me where it counts
Assumption College Class of 2016.
Go Baltimore! BTW - Shocker - bullying begins in pre-school. That's why we're developing Social Starts! We can help.
This Bulls vs. Sixers game is crazy
let the good times roll...
now following
Dolphin show... At indy zoo
Phoenix is hot.
Thanks for sharing that.
i just need to get out of here
Still in TX. Leaving in 8 days. Ur arrows said Dallas & Houston were better than Chicago. So I hit u with the
That awesome moment when you remember you saved half of your qdoba burrito from the night before #thatneverhappens #accomplishment ..i'm up!
In before the unclutch LeBron tweets.
LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE**
My lil girl got sick but I wrote 20pgs. Still grinding it out.
I wish I could retweet that!
have a working theory that peeps w/ #ASPERGERS dvlp #skynet. If any1 can master self aware it's an #aspie ;-)
Turn To You is such a beautiful song <3
"New York Metropolitans"? Is that some sort of cocktail?
Hint: He’s received a total of 13 Grammy awards
One of my favorite bands has reformed...The Stone Roses... Cheers!!!!
Reynolda Road is the place to be tonight. Come to SECCA's opening of "Out of Fashion" then drop by Reynolda House. Arts and innovation!
Bases loaded for Cuddy.
i know, me wants a reply :3
Second half underway. Let's go Women's need a win today. Go Bulls!
WOW!!! Enterprise, you are amazing!!! So much fun singing with y'all! Hope to see all of you again soon!!!
ha.. that's too funny.. we had a half hour conversation about jellyfish tanks and how we would make these macs into one
Don't act like you guys never listen to kid rock back in the day.
Hey buddy!
SO excited about the Ravens win today! Grateful for the bye! Superbowl 2012 here we come
Awesome. Many thanks for the support!
Doug La Follette on Barrett win: "Today is only the first step of returning our state to the progressive traditions we hold dear."
Yes sir!! We need to discuss vision, fee, etc! I would love it! Come and visit me next friday.
It took a couple of minutes of thinking the vocalist had down syndrome before realizing this LP is supposed to be played at 45 rpm, not 33.
Good AM Tweeps!
14 days til May 22nd that means I get out of school. Out of those 14 days only 10 are school days therefore I have 10 school days left!!
Did the Meow Mix song really need a second verse?
Waiting for Breaking dawn to start!
omg I would buy it!!
Sitting in the porch thinking..
Come by and learn more about the Aviation Technology Center at the Red Kettle Cookout on Monument Circle today!
Happy Wednesday!
I get home from work, first news i hear from my sister...my 9 y/o bro slammed his left thumb while closing the car door. It's broken.
Just Give Me the Co-Pay: The Aaron Levi Story.
No way, you've got the skills, girl. :-)
After Sean Payton received a year suspension from #NFL #Saints owner bought an etch-a-sketch to shake things up and reset.
I am kind of disturbed by the new four door Porsche. The panamera . .A couple years ago they came out with a mini van, and now a four door.
And I'll miss you! The good news is we're able to stay in touch! :) Thank you
Coleman needs to work on quicker, smarter decision making. Also sensing pressure and stepping up in the pocket. Good developmental prospect.
You have US iTune account? Then DM me ur email address, I'll do it 2morrow. TSP Deluxe! You'll get an email from iTune.
,and she tast juhyst like a strawberry :)
yeah so am i jk...
At Reliant Center! The show starts today!!! come join us! this weekend only!!!http:// www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Not a Baseketball fan, eh? RT : OK, I'm embarrassed to admit. I have no idea what "derp" refers to.
That's good; too bad Safari doesn't run on my Linux box.
Back to rehearsal for our last show this touring season. Clarksburg WV --hope you are ready for ALLEGRO DANCE COMPANY --sept 4 @ 3:15
does anybody know of a good web-based app that does the equivalent of what Zite does on the ayPad?
Can't wait to hear more/see pics! RT Prepping for some AWESOME upcoming projects with and !
i really want my hips pierced c:
We want your opinion on our new site design! www.revelae.com
its pretty dope dude
Today's the OFFICIAL launch of #MIXTAPE! Pls. RT and support indie
headed to global leadership meeting to kick off Q2 - look forward to seeing team
Comedy gold! Every time! =)
Looking forward to seeing you Soren!
Thanks Linda! Glad you're feeling better :)
what up doe #BEST TEEN RAPPER
Veggie lasagna and sweet potato fries = dinner success
Heat gettin' ready to send the Knickerbockers home.
Public meeting on survey results and a potential plan tonight at UPMC South Side. Join us at 6 pm!
Had lunch at the Sullivan & Son cast at the Turner lunch. Hope the sitcom succeeds.
Way bummed I can't come out to play tonight!:( Have fun 4 me. xxoo
#nwill2011 students read information about CLIO, then look at an example, then do a quiz to assess comprehension
#NW Room in Rome. I highly recommend it for anyone who likes sex. Or anyone who likes a good movie.
RT For an upcoming issue, SUCCESS is interviewing the "Motley Fools," Tom and David Gardner. If you could ask them... http:
“: IDGAF = I don't give away food.” haha
1st Women's Rights Convention begins today, 1848, in Seneca Falls NY, organized by Elizabeth Cady Stanton & Lucretia Mott
Just spent the afternoon shopping at Outlets! What fun!
Happy Friday, tomorrow is cinco de mayo :D
we're here!
I had no idea that Jimmy Urine is a composer on Lollipop Chainsaw. WB needs to pimp him out for media interviews.
Yoooo once I get Sims 2, it's a wrap.
is heading for the Berkshires tomorrow. What's fun to do near Becket, MA?
ISO radio voicetracking/SATRAD gigs (Classic Hits, Decades, ACs of all varieties et al). Got a lead? I'd be grateful if you'd pass it on :>)
Mitsubishi chooses Videotel for their HD2600 industrial DVD to test all rear seat video entertainment systems OEM automotive industry!
how the hell does Color of Money not get 4 stars?
I hope they start playing One Thing on the radio often
Thanks! RT : Also thru Nov and Dec will continue to air songs from original songs inspired by the #CW150 experience.
Have not been since I was 7. Probably changed a bit :p
you're spamming me. You've been hacked, change your password. Thanks!
of course. I quoted 2 students rejecting idea that Mormonism is a cult. But both said it was still widely taught...
I hate daytime debt, lawyer, loan ads. They replay them 5 times an hour! "I'm glad I have the cash store" I'm glad you're a failed actress!
Which one direction boys are gay????? Someone please tell me.... I'm confused
I'm on a boat nah jk I'm on my bed
nah.. it's Stan!
yes it was a great time
matrix with the big finish on that... fans on feet..
I think the word you are looking for 'chutzpah'
ugh i'm so lonley at my house. :(
Thanx! RT if your not following you better!!!
can u follow me please
I wish I could go and punch the fuck out of everyone I can't stand at my school
I wish the A/C was on!
RT My mom's definition of being picked up is being carded at the grocery store.
Yes you can! RT You can turn any unfavorable situation around w/ a positive attitude & smile!
When its all wet call ALLDRY
you're my 1st #WhiteSox twitter friend in the UK! Woohoo! How did u start following the team & when?
NOT impressed with the 'new' Burger King fries. At all! Marketing.
Currently doing server development for Grey Area on one of their new games. Sounds like we both got jobs around the same time.
Would always have a spot in my heart. I love you
i love you
Oops. Rainy? Did I say rainy? Hello sunshine!
Family road trip to melbourne for the night was fun. ((: got some stuff from Pac Sun and a Planet Smoothie..not complaining
Did just name drop and ? Yep!
amazing how experiences differ. I used to like tweetdeck before Twitter bought it. They changed the desktop client not to my like
Lets here it whod excited about sunday fun day?? If thats you Come join us for prime rib and $5 moo ritas.... and our wonderful staff....
frosted flakes! Hahaha
yep, love the red.
hey you! haven't been here in days. i'm alright.:) how 'bout you?
What the hell am i doing here bro? @ 2nd & robert t. Martinez junction
I do feel British when eating a muffin.
Never give up
You know things aren't going well in your relationship when you start to think of purchasing a cuddleuppet
I just wanna find my Tom Scavo already <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
gtg get ready!! peace out girl scouts!!
Ooh I forgot happy presidents day
everytime I go out...
bored as fuck
Well damn. Yankees lose.
surprised there wasn't a plug for burritos or granite in that statement.
Deer by the lagoon. It's late autumn.
So pleased you were encouraged, stay blessed!
what makes you think that a team that had 14 losses on the season could beat Coach K and Nolan and Kyle? come on...
Lunch in the Nat Geo cafeteria today included a visit by Atka the gray wolf, star of Crittercam.
Retweet IF YOU SUPPORT HIP HOP
Great to hear that. :) Been pondering whether I should by a remote toothbrush or not. Sonicare is the best I think too. :)
Texas why are you so stinking hot!!!!
I'll keep it between us since you've been so good at sharing :-)
#mdlny loving you guys from Vegas.
So just rain down on me let your love just fall like rain drops rain on me..
Jeff Arington could also flat fill it up. He was an excellent shooter. He played at Georgetown College
They should have gave Rose CJ Watson's ACL !!!!!
Hope everyone got what they wanted i know i didnt
Fab 5 my fav college team ever #TrendSetters - they should have let u play point when u got to the league
Congratulations to who qualified for City Council in D5 and is now officially running unopposed.
sad story lol
"Rather. I initially found Gershwin's new piece vulgar, but it was never dull."
Let's see what tomorrow has in store? Hopefully less eventful!
Don't Waste Time With Hoes. The Only Good For One Thing So Don't Get Attached N Don't Be Suprised At The Ignorant Ass Hoe Shit They Do.
hey, and yeah. going out of town. c:
Comedy Central(R) Teams Up With Bonnaroo Music &amp; Arts Festival to Schedule Stellar Comedic Line-Up and Tape an ...
CEO dinner chat is far more engaging than appetizers.
got it thanks!
maybe just a little ;)
writes songs that girls agree on. writes songs about things girls wanna hear.
NO ONE TALK TO ME
Really enjoying "A Christmas in Washington"
Dear tree branch sliding up against the outside of my window, enjoy ur last night of annoying me.....
Can't remember. May have oversold it to myself and was ultimately let down by my unrealistic expectations.
Penn St. students have the chance to do the intelligent thing and act like adults. Sadly I sense they will act like children.
We trippy mane blue dream and lean
Yep, was crazy busy before spring break last week. RT : You took two weeks off from Twitter! What?!
NFL Predictions: Dolphins @ Patriots; Dolphins +7.5 or Patriots -375
Small prob in #Gov20 #opengov forums with video feeds-people forgetting that the mics are on during coffee break. FYI you say stupid things.
loving this new york weather - thinking of any excuse to be today!
"Advertising in the final analysis should be news. If it is not news it is worthless."
Make Kony famous
where did you get that shirt?? I want one :)
What is the next music revolution in USA?
I wonder why he's here....
Pageant budgeting. Ugh. Trying to figure out where the money for a trainer will come from this year.
8-run 6th inning. That is insane, but this is how it should be.
I'd like to thank Casey for helping me regret bvashing on him all year long.
If my brother calls me a loser one more time ima have to snuff a bitch lol
Agreed! Mary and I were dying.
that just took entirely too long to sync ebooks from the computer to my sony reader. :/
Sure thing! Happy Friday.
Wat did I do now
Please welcome Erotique_love to the Max life
People ignore design that ignores people. — FRANK CHIMERO
I am sorry guys, looks like my twitter has been hacked again! Anyone got any ideas on how to stop this? I am seriously fed up with twitter.
Who's shopping handmade this year? ::raises hand::
killing time before Andrew wakes up again...he never stays asleep when he's out by 10:00...maybe someday!
"It's okay, Even ballerina's fall." "Not the good ones.." hahaha.
Wow... I fell off of the Twitter band wagon, and I am chasing it down and trying to jump back on it.
what time does it start
less than 6 hours to go and we are neck-and-neck for the Ideablob crown! Pretty please with sugar on top go vote if you haven't yet ;-)
me to!! we should get matching ones! haha
I didn't know you could push a rat out of your cooch. xD
I blame Lebron's fragile conscience lol
dog snoring in living room. first time in a long time that i don't have the #sundayblues. i think it's related.
Apparently I let myself go, because I don't look nice everyday and don't wear makeup. Sorry I don't have time to please YOUR eyes
Nashville probably next month. I'm always down to travel though, you know me!
#BELIEVE album in process!:) should write about his beliebers<3
thanks, so kind of you;)
Thanks Britney! Did you ever check out Grit City by Ron Gavalik? Just saying, that emotobook series is about a journalist.
taxes are SUPER unathletic. Baylor is dominating because of Heslip's 3 goggles. And CCA can't handle electricity jerseys
USA wins!!! Amazing!!!
Two hours to go.
Summer colds are the worst!!! I can't breath and I keep sneezing! Not the biz
show w/jason & max
Ugh I didn't want him, I wanted you, I was ready.......
If you're gonna play with something play with yourself, not me and my emotions.
hacking rodney twitter
I'm so jealous of you right now, ;A;
Am loving all the ideas #THATCamp but am wondering how applicable they will be at a cash strapped community college.
kim y r u so prettah?!? no homo but i wish i was lik u!!
I'm not in denial. . . Yet. I still have until December, so it feels like I have an eternity to wait.
We Came As Romans, Miss May I, Of Mice & Men @ The Loft is THIS FRIDAY!!!! Just thought we'd remind you in case you had forgotten....
The follow ?
its not like youd be outside doing anything anyway
yea not the same.. I won't be going on saturday.. Too early and too far
When a women gets to the point where she don't care to argue with u no more then she just about done with u
RT : you are the best. was so DELICIOUS best #cincodemayo meal ever!! I owe you Margaritas or Shock Top in...
And then you say "that's one species that just got a little more endangered"
That moment when you hit the exact minimum page length for a horrible, aimless paper. What have I become?
Don't forget about our karaoke at Joe's on Sullivan every Monday,Tuesday, and Wednesday. Karaoke starts at 9:00 and goes until 12:00.
RT : Every time I see a baby's smile, I think, "Sure, it's cute, but can it scale to produce measurable ROI?"
Varmus: also need to change culture of science: drive to publish in highly select journals, and how we are evaluated (tenure/promo)
Thanks. Wine is an experience. It's the experience we're after.
Bring My HeadPhones?
if u were a burger at McDonalds you'd be a McGorgeous
recipes - sorry spell check chose wrong.
As predicted downtown is fubar right now #St.Patrick'sDay
My 3-year old: "giving presents is almost as much fun as opening them myself!". Hope!
“: I'm going out on a limb and saying that tomorrow night's match will be a preview of MLS Cup. #WGWTL #RCTID” :)
: SEC requests amendment to HR1070 limiting the number of offerings up to $50m by a single company under #RegulationA to 1 per year
hey u whats up
James Harrison is #cheapaf when was the last time he didn't go for the head or a knee?
hehehe, fun! :D
I Got A Lot On My Mind
RT : That Jamie foxx ft Wiz best night of my life is my new song. Stay on that smooth ish
Staffing: Are you familiar with employment law, hiring, training, etc Did we discuss management training and development yet?
Follow your own star! - Dante Alighieri
Hey follow she follows back :)
so, last day of school for a whilee :)
Who ruined Punk'd?
Women say they want men to tell yall the truth, but yall can't handle the truth. That's why some of us lie.
Hey wanna come make me feel better with a hug because you love me lol:) RT for yes, follow me on for no:)
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
:) Yay SM :D I'm a 15 year old Korean american :)
haha come on bro that ain't happening.
ugh!!!! I wish we could fast forward through the songs so we can hear Cody!!! #Dangit !
Guys, i know some way fatter people then all of you so stop calling people fat....
interview! hope this one works out...I'm tired of rejections...
By spending years living entirely for yourself, you end up inadvertently extending that introverted existence deep into middle age.
what was your favorite moment from this years WBC?
it is funny lose a few and it is crickets in this chat...wow. we are still a great team, just have a little bump
so what's your assessment
thanks for the #ff !!
Good Morning... "Happy Thanksgiving"
well I am so happy for you :)
These GOP'ers running for Prez are giving me a migraine!
LOl why thank you..
Happy birthday -- Enjoy the evening!
Boo we're such failures. Oh well, yolo
The Lord detests lying lips, but he delights in those who tell the truth. --Proverbs 12:22,
Just received mail addressed to Kurt Gemeinhardt! ....Wondering if his ghost is engaged in self-indulgent amusement at our expense again..
Follow us on Twitter! When we hit 1,000 followers, we'll give TWO followers a full page ad for FREE in Focus Magazine's 21st issue!
Good Morning! Before you can get what you want, you have to decide what it is you want.
In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.
cause once you go black, you never go back :*
I dreamt that I was proposed to. WTH?! Have a good day, everyone!
ehh naw i will in a little bit :3
that is how I wake up every morning
in new jersey:) did anyone ask about me???:P and is neto back thts what i heard?
where is it trending..??
What's the oldest item in Council's archives? The April 4, 1803 Cleaveland Township Records.
Y is it tht this time of nite , EVERY NITE , i start to crave sex !? >_<
Jordan's first day in L.A., new albumnewalbumnewalbum!!
I LOVE YOU PARIS :) <3
Democrats and Republicans afraid of middle class voters are more worried about self reelectability than the best interests of America.
Doesn't the Dontario Poe pick prove that 98% of these guys don't know what they are doing 98% of the time!?
damn : Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs -
I think that write-up was substantially based on the CA paper-- his goods include wine and books as well
": we putting lunch on the schedule soon" I am down let's do it lady
what's the difference between Gold and Silver VIP?
Photoshelter link works great, thanks for the help!
Fearing people is a dangerous trap,but trusting the Lord means safety- Proverbs 29:25
& wreckin' time! #CantWait! #BeatIndy “: Bosh: "This season has to be extended for me to play again."”
"I ordered him a bamboo plant with a note saying sorry and wished him the best- it's arriving tomorrow" cant stop laughing
Bootcamp yesterday...kickboxing today. Misery tomorrow.
consider it done.
Lol! That's awesome! :) hope u have a good trip & tell ur mom I say hi :)
'I'll be here after school!' says my psych teacher who is nowhere to be found.
B.F.F. - Bieber Fever Forever
I want to make money on my computer so I better think of the next big thing!
Can this weeks just be over with!
Shut the F up and let me .. Just love you !
What the hell's a hawat dawg ne way??? Lol
PS. Must be USA citizen but Spanish speaking
i Want a phone call ? (:
check out our new profile pic, who will be out to support #NABJ and Signature J
You do not destroy an idea by killing people you replace it with a better one.
so did we witness a firing on monday? the sched leads me to believe so..
Westbrook says "muthafucka" after every made jumper
Im Bout 2Twist up another Wine Dutch in a sec&let my mind think a plan of attack for next Saturdays FOW show! I want Gold&3/3/12 is perfect!
Chicago Chicago Gynesis is coming this weekend, look forward in seeing you
Nice site and a wonderful quote
Want to connect with alumni and be involved in the Campaign for Georgetown? E-mail for an application and join today!
take me
You are so funny!!! : I thought about signing Derek Fisher for about 0.4 seconds
#madison Clean, clear slides. Good flow. Deep breaths in advance help me (not a comfortable public speaker).
Please help me get invited to the #HootFest in July! Just recommend me to and/or . Thanks guys!(:
How about that red velvet creme brulee???
Can't stop listening to the TKOL remix, truly beautiful and other-worldly.
can't beat the cost of living in Wisconsin. I keep telling my husband that for the same $500 we could get a 2 bdr apt in WI
protesters???? That sounds like fun! Hahahaha
Good night chillin w/ n earlier
What's with the low camera angles behind the pitcher in Spring Training? We had the same problem at ED Smith.
But I like to eat broccoli.
hooking them up would be hilarious
- Naw , Naw . . Nan Life . QT : Maybe Not That Life . But I'm Fosho Bout That Life !
yeah, I actually end up holding it more over him than me :/
is thinking about Mercede Benz ML series Key problem solved!
I like reeses puffs please (:
hashtag game with ! The guys we were with still have no clue to this day.
FISH. YOLO. FUCK NO I AM NOT GOING THROUGH THAT PAIN.
Watch out chuck Norris is behind you watch out for his roundhouse kick
Tulsa has the smallest undergraduate enrollment of all FBS football schools: 2,900
Last min openings today and tomorrow for tattoos. All you twitter folks, ill hook it up if you come in, keep me busy
Anyone going to the Bristol race in August?
Glad to hear you're being productive and things are improving. Rest up!
an other 20min of waiting and hoping that will be the next one on your follow list! ;P please??????? :*
How is NY treating you? See you at VOLTA soon!
ThomasTrading845 on eBay!!!
you do throw'd you broke ya phone
That's no good
I don't want to if you don't want to .... but I want to.
Adams: PTSD is costly, prevalent and the decisions to cover it are arbitrary
I would be absolutely lost if did not exist .. I LOVE THEM SO MUCH<3!!!!! TEAM MINDLESS FOREVER
How are your vocal cords this morning?
yaa that's my shit! Follow him I'm tryna get that shit out there.
3.3 million students traveling outside of their home countries B. Wildavsky
Contracted for Service Magic in the past? Cancel and they continue to use your company name to steal your accounts. Outright fraud.
I am stan
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 28
I just said what women want.... it begins with the letter s and ends with the letter x lol jk jk
JUST ABOUT FINISHED SHOPPING
Tell me more! RT : I'm still playing around with
LETS GO second wind Bentley's you can do it! I'm sorry bout your roommate. Keep yo head up...and stop checking yo email hahah
Essential trials include: John Brown, Johnson Impeachment, Susan B. Anthony, Haymarket, Sacco-Vanzetti, Scopes, Scottsboro Boys...
John, I've always wanted to bludgeon someone with Merv Block's book - never got the chance.
Austin and zac ! btw my dogs name is zack <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
oh so u saw them?! Haha yeah I'm in like a depressed mode. She is soo gorgeous!! Not fair.
Just started following and we invite you all to do the same
I get salad everywhere I go. No, it's not a problem at all.
I think it had a lot to do with the setting. Elevator as the door closes haha. Random.
This baby need a pause button.
Welcome darling! Can't wait to heytell and tweet you. Perfection.
God doesn’t give up on those who give up on Him.
We it's 52 out and I'm freezing to death!!
send pictures
The PMS Crew has me laughing out loud on a daily basis! Petros "The Rock" is one of a kind.
The bar is consumed in a jaeger vs fireball debate. Free fireball for everyone!?!?!
wat u on boy
Hey, just found the original message here. Beach House? For reals?
that is AWSOME!!!!
Hi... Today is a beautiful day!!! Gonna do some studying later, for my reg- nursing class. Right now I'm enjoying the weather!! :)
Oh wow... I think I need to take a nap after this class...
Power Play! Let's go.
Hope you had a good time at Visit again soon! RT : OZ korean BBQ w/ & mom
Happy Valentines Day from Davinci Virtual! Show your business some love today and get a #virtualoffice or #livereceptionist. Love you!
Good news, great news, bad news, hope, anxiety, confusion. I can't handle this roller coaster right now.
Berggren for three again and the #Badgers have built up a 6-point lead. 15-9 with 12:03 left int he first
u sexy af
#edshow RUSH BABES "Bitch-Slap" MEDIA MATTERS on FACEBOOK.
Check out Roots of Love by Harjant Gill winner of the #AAA2011 Best Student Film. A fascinating look of men and grooming among the Sikh.
It's probably 2 posts, since one is about the room and how it's used, another about convincing admin to do it.
The Boy who cried Wolf and the Wolf in Sheep's clothing. May be what's going on this year.
Plan major painting, stripping and refinishing projects for spring and fall to avoid summer heat and sun, which react with vapors to...
Courageous people are not without fear. They simply persevere.
Pundits have no predictive value.
ended up being so much better tho (wink)
Who would you rather have sex with, Brad Pitt, George Clooney, or Glenn Close as Albert Nobbs? That question was mostly for men...
"HEY..(Jumps out of van) my names Jon, I'm 25 from MI & I love bologna lunchables, taxidermy, and dubstep.." cc: lol
“: Sublime with Rome- Yours Truly #BestAlbum” this is why I love you! & I agree!
thanks bro! Will I see you this weekend?
Babys' up! It's 5 a.m. and I'm super not with it!
Moving day!
if you are a country girl RT
if you smell fish and you ain't by no fish market....there probably a hore near by becus #uglyhoesalways smell like fish >:O eiw
What up Andy got to be Vicent Corleone GodFather I I like Terry Bendict but He killed it as Vincent
Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him. - James Allen
Seriousness is like an infectious disease. It's one of the major causes of human sorrow.
ugh. I hate greyhound racing. When will people stop abusing animals and allow them to run just for fun and be happy?
nice seeing your panel at Duke
ya u betta call him sir matt
he has my number... i think he only wrote the email to send me links to articles about Braun "doping"
Watching Best of Eddie Murphy! Reason Why I wanna Be on SNL
aw dang.
This game makes me nervous. Come on Hoosiers!
Every body can't cut hair smh
Now you can start hitting the 4:30 early bird dinner specials and complaining about the gov't full time.
Drive Times are a waste of my time. #coach #iknowhowtodrive <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0095>
Of course the question I should ask myself.. Why isn't the normal route the fun and scenic route?? (I think I just had a epiphany just then)
I was a cold dude I'm gettin back to my ways.
You heard it here first: is going to rock her dissertation defense this afternoon.
or you might die of rocking out too hard.
I smell like a banana
you and the millions watching the Kentucky game!
Folks are lined up out front. Doors are about to open
Homie he just say he want his girl back! Lmao.
IS JEALOUS AF!
RT : Typing "?" in Gmail (when not in a input field) gives you a cheat sheet of all available key commands. Who knew?
Cold & tired
worked all day but didn't actually complete a single task on my to do list!
good morning ladies!
Working with TKNO is the best job in the world! Providing piece of mind to awesome people all over the world - 24/7 - so satisfying.
APRIL 7TH "OZONE BABY' TRIBUTE TO LED ZEPPELIN kenny iguana's 668 Talbot Street St Thomas, Ontario
good luck ..!
What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn't matter what you call him he isn't going to come
Yes, yes! Go Caps! Congratulations Ted and the entire organization...very proud!
that is true, but if done right. It can serve as a good way to chronicle the story of the business' existence
Do you want me to tweet a trillion times?
No meat cuzzo!
Q1 Linkedin is for much more than looking for a job.lots of great discussions.Smaller biz are now members - great for networking
26000 years for Precession Cycle is ideal value. Plato's Great Cycle 25920 years. Actual cycle under theoretical debate. Maya numbers impact
I am taking one vacation day during Spring Break week
#chevygametime how do you know if you won
Everyone you meet will have flaws.
Can't sleep! Time for beer!
Seriously though i think we all bonded haha
I can be the #treble baby you can be the #bass !! :b
Seattle ain't no "city of swag less" wtf you talking about?
Spent the day checking out places to shop for the outdoor living enthusiasts in my life. New fave: Chicweed in Solana Beach. What's yours?
Praise Break!!!!!
SENT ME 3 DIRECT MESSAGES WHY CANT U ?? IT BE AMAZING
There are no hops in spent grain. Using spent grain for dog treats is fine & dogs love them. Google for recipes.
nah. not as filling as a chix sandwich and fries
Ordered Girl Scout cookies from great-niece, Kate. Which are your favorite?
Caught Me A Good Ass Nap On The Bus
Contemplating going hard in the paint tonight
Warriors Won, Thunder Won and It's my Friday. Today/night was good
I didn't know you were there till I had to leave :( You should come play with and I on Friday!
I am working on a E-tutorial for a class project on tips to being a good Cauldron fan. Followers have suggestions?
achieving maximum performance in generations X-Y-Z (ZOOMER) depends on understanding key differences in motivation and mindset
Diamondisc Audio is 15 years old this month!
LADIES. BOAT DAY. FOR SERIOUS. LET'S PUT A DATE IN THE BOOKS.
Fast replies make me feel like you actually want to talk to me. But slow replies make me think you're talking to someone better than me.
I was kind of hoping you ordered something I wouldn't like. The bitter taste of jealousy...
Can't sleep because I'm missing you so much :(
High school need to hurry up
Congratulations to our friends at Wildfire for this week's Founders Cup. Knock 'em dead!
Thanks for aiding in the hunt, !
“: Taught how to ride a dirt bike” haha and a solid wipe out.
When you go on about love and marriage like that, I just feel so warm and fuzzy inside 'cause someone gets me.
ON MY WAY TO TARGET YAYYAH I LOvE U CODY
My badass pleather gloves came today.
Courageous is out on DVD!! Can't wait to see it!
RT : had a friend sugg teaching kids abt invasive plants & send them out w vinegar squirt gun. #captainnoweeds <- love!
I'm supposed to bawl uncontrollably today. I'm terrified instead. Instant dry eyes.
The church hs become like I-robot but I charge the saints stop cloning th church & live & declare the Kingdom of God! It's really @ hand!
I just want to make you feel beautiful xx
#mw2012 folk - heading to anthology for some blistering jazz at around 615. Come along! Or, if ur downtown later, tweet me!
Can we ever do anything sober? Hate drinking all the time.
I'm down! It will have to be later though I have something to do at 6
It's weird seeing snow on the mountains when it's almost 90 degrees outside.
Don't act like I never told ya.
On payday everybody is your friend. lol
Well, that's what I told him!
Damn osama is officially dead so now can we bring home the troops
It's mothers day. But my moms in Newcastle. So it looks like my dad and I are going out to lunch.
has the best music videos
8 turnovers. 0 3 pointers made. Miller and Battier havent even gotten an attempt. Inexcusable
Today! Danky Fellowship Lecture, 12-1, SLIS Commons. Josh Mound, Univ of MI, talks about using WHS collections for his dissertation research
Never let someone interfere with what you really want in life. Let them go and hold your own!
Oh. Yeah, now that I think how about it how else would he have known?
Watching the on
I've decided to avoid reading about the derby for a while. Was driving me insane. I've now got ~15 tabs waiting for me. Gulp.
First day of work tomorrow...Nervous? yeah...Confident? even more so!
Hey and guys of if you happen to be in Chicago the weekend of May 19th wanna go to prom with me?
to survive the last week of my first semester in grad school!! Break4McCafe
Rode of the weekend. Start back at it this week
And a few more: custodian, cashier, Woolworth's waitress, vet clinic assistant.
Hahah! Thank you. (: he's just jelly of Zach.
I like naps too much to do the appropriate jet lag recovery process. Just can't turn down a nap.
Don't make me make you fall in love wit a bitch like me :)
I had it at Fornos. I'm not good with the texture and it had a small amount of tentacles on it.
Lets go Red Birds!!!
So ready to graduate.
you can text if you wanna talk... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> I know them lady hormones are kickin in!
Unlike you, though, she may not have the patience of Job to play a two-year-old like me.
"A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship" ~ John D Rockefeller
To promote & expand her profolio, Audra can be your Event Planner at a speacial rate. I execute a memoriable well talked about event...
I Tried -___-
let's do this Saturday! Can't wait!
Damn this sandwich is amazing
The #Freeway Look So Good When U #Winning!!! 4 My N!gga
so true. RT Live life to the fullest ;) . No time to feel sad over something stupid . Haahaha
Good morning, it’s Day 34! ‘Abdu’l-Bahá is off to the Lake Mohonk Conference on International Arbitration today.
Thanks for the RT. Blessings always.~j~
Three bombs for Ryan Braun tonight.
Shhh! Nobody fucking type! My baby girl finally fell asleep for a nap. Now it's me time for about 8-11 minutes!!!
Me and gonna go scouting for future places to build mansions at this weekend
Good luck to today.
can you certify it's organic?
Anything goes ....#mansionelan ;)
#MOTHERS DAY BRUNCH IDEAS! #the best stuffed french toast you will ever have! #mothers day recipes #breakfast ideas #brunch ideas
watching random videos on youtube and watching my cousins xD
NAMM was easy, it's getting home that's the hard part. We shot around 75 GB worth of footage to show you. Stay tuned...
I can't send my Keurig a text message though.
ive always just wanted to TALK to even if it was a five minute conversation or even a tweet, it would be beyond words for me
Thanks! Come check out our Turkey Tail, the newest addition to the menu! See you soon!
God, please take the wheel
DWD Sec. Reggie Newson said BLS will analyze and edit #wijobs data submitted today and publish in June.
Happy Hour started early. The Catskellar-- possibly UC's greatest attribute. Easily one of the better microbrew selections in Cincy.
Puttin in that HEAVY work
Happy Birthday :) !!
Y is it that every1 I LOVE or even like never come 2 NF there always 2-3 hours away!!! Why?!
PPL who call us just to get our newsroom # on their phone speed dial then hang up, a warning: I take down your number, you won't win.
I need a recommendation for some to fix my refrigerator. It's an emergency. Water everywhere.
Owning multiple outs is one of the most important aspects of the sports wagering trade.
"Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself."
Just downloaded 's eBook for free on Kindle. Go Seattle journos! Will tweet anon about his ideas.
What is one thing you could tell us about yourself that others would be shocked to know?
I just turned on da game... What da hell lmao
agreed - good read.
Someone take me to World Cup on friday so I can meet Matt Smith.
Alright doesn't sound good, I'm tired and hungry!! I haven't eaten since breakfast :(
grrrreeeat!!! how are you?! Happy Easter!
Hey DJ... I really want to hear 's "F**KING BEST SONG EVER" on KYLD-FM. Can you make it happen?
Windows open, flip flops on, yummy brunch,dog running down by the lake, reading in the sun... This is the recipe for a great Sunday.
I just got 50% off the cost to take the Google Analytics Individual Qualification by using a "secret" promo code. I LOVE finding good deals!
Yessirrr! RT : The ones who tell you to be careful are the ones you need to be careful of.
How could you not root for a guy like Robinson after that??
Delivered Lia Sophia jewelry from a party I hosted.
lol y not n it goes both ways
Just went into my old high school for the first time in a while.
Forgot a belt and deodorant. So my ass will be hanging out and I'll smell a little. Don't care last day at work. Hahahha
New hair dryer, blow dryer, flat iron, hair products, lashes, lol outta control
Looking some people in the Oregon Wedding Industry interested in making extra money. Email .
Meeting with teachers in Hillsborough Florida who attended #ECET2. Talking about building on
My afro had grown back out. Yea
We're looking for a speaker for this month's event (6/16). Have a topic you love and want to present? Let us know: !
thing is I've said everything. I know he is upset and misses me but he always says "thought u needed time to figure stuff out".
Where is this from?
Check our #Twitter and #Facebook for newest #reassessment news!
Good point. Why bother ripping that guy? They'd already won RT Ryan's lawyer just opened it up again, to not let Ryan just play
Excuse me, sir. You have something on your face.
"I wish they'd call me Mrs. Rixen, instead of miss, so people don't think I'm a whore." - my very pregnant wife at the lady docter's office
it's the worst. It's like 90% of my Facebook new feed. Fucking ridiculous
new ones or her ep or Sparks Fly?
If you know ME...you KNOW what I'm watching right now....
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who did it. Autograph your work with excellence.
haha how did I know you where gonna favor that haha
if you let me?
why do i feel like people jugde me hard when i wear band shirts to school idek
a thousand miles seems pretty far but they have planes and trains and cars I'd walk To you if I had no other way<3
You mean by choice? Or by lack of available (and costly) protein? One might argue being a vegetarian is the ultimate snobbery
feeling sick a simple RT and follow might get me on my feet and ready for #Jerzday :)) plz?
Great New Cd Chris
I will gladly swap a Primanti's for an Italian beef from Mr Beef there in Chicago! The US Mail might not be too kind to either.
Catch this www.halfcosthome.com and your chance to see some of our other listings in the area this weekend during the Open House hours.
a I'm a need u to not correct me lil ant capital ANN
Would greatly enjoy conneting w/ you after your tour. The ancient Hawaiians described Life Force as "Manna." Universal Truth
To receive anything you have to believe you are worth it first.
I miss it.
being the only female sailor in an office full of marines all day every day= office bitch/constant suggestive comments
Talking to my grandma about hookua and voting...yeah that conversation to a turn for the worst
When I was about five, I walked into a house and got a glass of milk. This strange woman came in and asked what I was doing.
If the driver of another car tries to force your car off the road do not stop Continue driving to an open business Try to obtain the license
if this more ticket magic could happen for the #roc show that would be amazing.
so impressive: has 100,000 members, since 2008, 11 wine brands with over 32 types
I absouletly hate when ex boyfriends try and be friends. #no. Thats like a kidnapper asking to keep in touch.
My 1000th Tweet!
When and HOW did 24 hours become not enough time for one day?
"I like that song!" "That's the Soviet National Anthem. Communist."
We hope everyone had a great weekend and will have a great week.
Guten Morgen Thanks for following us!
wings game at coney on sunset. be there at 4.
awe such a good day :D <3 ily
I love the feel of too much coffee in the morning. It's the sensation of victory! (and shaking palms...)
Wondering if I can learn how to dance using that Xbox game...or will I just end up looking like Richard Simmons without the perm
Don't judge me until you know me, don't underestimate me until you challenge me, and don't talk about me until you've talked to me.
Both of my flights on the way to #erl12 were early, still stuck on the runway waiting for other planes to leave the gates... Can't win!
#youknowyouoldwhen you fall asleep while waiting for your takeout at Captain Stanleys....
#ShoutOutToo bro he's a biggo stranger now cause all her cares bout is his girl but it's cool he's cool
Happy Friday Everyone! Here are my #FollowFriday #BFFS of the week!
Eat Till She Cry . .
lol #sorrynotsorry but hes teething so he has been bitting a lot but he is alright and much better!
Meeting in San Jose and Palo Alto today. Siliconvalley silicon valley photographer san francisco
Its going to suck when all of my friends are on senior trip and im not:/
So, halfway through the "preview" episode of #Smash, I think it deserves another chance. It's really pretty darn good this week.
Have a safe #MLKDay do what you love today. Cheers!
good morning from the big apple!
I can't beleave i'm about to reformat this thing, i need to invest in a better computer. Like seriously.
Tea Part to protest NAACP this Sunday from 2-4 p.m. Outside L.A. Convention Center- West Hall thx 2
Dear local bands: if someone in your band doesn't understand the concept of giving touring bands the middle slot, fire them.
"Do what you love in service of people who love what you do" ~
thanks lady! Have a good weekend!
Randolph Spearheads Surprise Grizzlies
when follows you it's just as exciting as a celebrity following you.
I want to go swimming this weekend!
So I nearly walked through Kim's interview. The directors are playfully joking at me and don't know I am sitting behind them.
If you are giving birth, do NOT facebook update constantly. I don't care who broke your water or how dilated you are.
The song stuck in my head...Tighten up by Black Keys...what's in your head?
You guys are BOSS!!!!! Thank You all.
I want to know about super top secret #BlogathonATX plans too!
": how are ya!?" I am doing good and u mister?
I need to have you next to me .
Hey I'm Following Yuh(:
Damn, Aramis Ramirez doubles in a run. Wait....that's good this year!!
Roads were strangely empty this morning. I think everyone noticed the nice weather and started celebrating the weekend early!
Big day interviewing potential subject for an upcoming article about how to handle grief and "the oneness of all." Beautiful day. Take all!
Zack Morris is a blonde Tom cruise. Zack morris is perfect. Zack Morris is every girls dream!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Man if i cnt get a line in the water soon ima go Nuts!!
I HATE THAT!! RT : Lost hours of work on poster design because my computer got unplugged b4 I saved it.
what's good
I would submit that we all fight demons of different types. His honesty about it is rare.
Albert King and Stevie Ray Vaughan on KCPT until midnight tonight, great show
RT : Oh so she told you, you could still be friends? Let me know how that works out. (CC: )
be safe now
its not nearly as exciting as the 90s
Feedback re: 's switch to require FB login for new users vs. email/pw might be good study. Looking forward to !
we're all frustrated... this is the point where the dam breaks or the patch holds... just try to stay constructive.
#IThankGod for his amazing #Grace. I was so lost but now thanks to the blood of Jesus, i am found and i am free!
"i probably use this like so much! im really glad the library system offers it! thank u!" -Tutor.com Student Quote
Was working on a redesign on my site, but must work on more pressing items.
haha I hear u! When you u swing back?
Allison, the one-flippered sea turtle is currently hanging out at Paragraphs. Stop by, see her & hear Dave Cromwell tell her survival story.
okay for how much to shade in
The awkward moment when sumbody is telling you a story and at the end they ask you what you think and u wasnt listening to nothing they said
I hope that nigga know he got a queen, and all I can do is dream..
#Devils Goal!!! 3-3! Game 1 is crazy for a potential crazy series
I'm on another level call me super Mario
"Good morning, beautiful :)" That's all it takes to make any girl's day.
Looking for a person to host a new Pet Adoption Show in San Diego. Message me if interested.
Don't miss This Morning today, at Doncaster Keepmoat is on!
Thanks for the #FF Have a great weekend!!
Yea we was A-Team lolRT yea we used to always have a ball!!!
corporations are going to provide what the ppl want. If more seek to eat better, change is inevitable.
i would like to leave you all of my baseball stuff and astros memorabilia
If we want to move towards a low-polluting, sustainable society, we need to get consumers to think about their purchases. - David Suzuki
Chiana:I just Googled Boomer from down the street and yikes.
please don't retweet things from a kardashian. Thanks.
greatness can not be achieved by by doing big things…if you really want to be great then do small things in a great way…!!
MUSIC! LOVE! LIFE!
another full day of working on website stuff and trying to tackle drupal = frustrations, failures, confusion, and small victories!
There's no point in being sad. You dont gain a thing.
when will you all get the pretty totes back in? I love the one w all the fiber animals.
Although if they wanted to make a statement they should pull citations, not just full text.
Time to bring on the goon line?
": Relationships end because once the person has you, they stop doing the things it took to get you."
good morning! Thanks for the RT... found that gem. :)
hi handsome would you make my Christmas wish come true by helping me share my message with your lady fans?:)xoxo mp
you should follow us back connor (: ~dannah
Tale of 2 Tests; The Old Man & the Test Score; Of Mice & Merit Pay; Their Eyes Were Watching Bubble Sheets
RT : I would like to follow some more natural hair inspirations
If you can't live with stupid cunts, then I don't know how you haven't killed yourself yet because my dear, you are one.
I'll get down there soon, just not tonight. :(
Always a good message at church with weekly challenges, Awesome church
good luck to you today sir. Get it home!
Omg I have NO clothes or supplies for college.
glad your going to the game! If your tickets are in Sec 600 or higher, take some binoculars, trust me!!
About to do this thing... Fitness in Broadview, Illinois.
When undecided, listen to Jose Caballero.
Haha, we understood. In a perfect world, by end of year? Mobile web app *might* be on horizon but won't be as annoying
Keep spreading the love and follow my documentary !
Feeling a little tired. So soon? I can handle it! =D
up early for a nice drive to PHX and then an evening of hockey.
“Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.”
Just tried AmpliTube Free. Works OK except there's no true bypass. Even with all effects off and proper levels it sounded overdriven
Hell no you were right all the way.
RT : Well, I met some interesting folks at OpenCamp. Also has a screening next week [...]
Thanks for the post and Mention! :D We should have our mastered tracks up in a week or so! Keep an eye open!
Dear weird "hero" movie at the America at War exhibit: TOUR YR OWN EXHIBITION PLS cuz this is bananas.
NEW DIRECTIONS WINS!!!!!
We grow sufficient beans in America for a counterattack. My dog's gas could wipe the terrorists out in one swift strike.
LMAO!! U SEEN I WAS BUSY.. WHT U WANT?? RT I didn't forget how u played me last night!!!
Interacting with Google! #do a barrel roll (it worked on my i-phone too :)
i'd love to play there <3 and meet you!
Many thanks, Chris!! :) RT : Happy Birthday to
Yeah let's tax the rich that's a great idea.
baseball card theme!!!!
Tonight at 6 pm to 8 free show!
A Heart Disease Veteran at Just Age 12
I definitely agree!
If the #Redsox don't pick up Lester in the 9th it could be ugly at Fenway on Friday.
You better! You're one of my favoritest people I've never met!
Go patriots!!!!!
Back to Prom tonight, Specto style w/ over 3000 watts. They don't even know whats coming
for their savory custard and a glass of rose. Nothing better than a little #vino to get the heart going in the am.
and that's only the first release off of this EP... :}
It's my one non-Boston sports team. Remember that period when you were a Packers fan as a kid? I blame you for the '97 Superbowl
I won't be into work today because I am stuck inside my wife. Trust me I would rather be working!!!
Today I aim up distinguish myself from those other deadbeats. Wish me luck...
Welcome to the world of number crunching where Fortran is still strong. BLAS, ATLAS, LAPACK love that stuff.
that's the only game I'm looking forward to tomorrow :)
RT Closing Prayer: God who loves and blesses me, I give you thanks with my whole heart. Amen.
Same stories..just different plays
and giving away shirts
you playing intermural soccer?
would love to retweet but twitter says your account protected :)
Nothing I ever do is right shit :/ even if I do just so happen to be right, I'm still wrong
Becoming irritated with Facebook's policies and the like- if industry networking continues to be clamped down they can kiss me goodbye!
Watching All That and wishing I was 7 again
That's brilliant! A Yelp for Yelpers - "reviewed sushi restaurant, rated low due to fried beef - 1 star"
Have fun this weekend. Enjoy you!
Retweet this if you are pumped for tomorrow's show
Getting ready to rock it as ShawnMikael(s) with Mikael Johnson. Source Theater. 9:30.
I think my brother ripped my hair out.....that shizz hurt!!!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Acoustic Phenomena- Magnetism
i think it's time for a cover by
Hey, why do you famouse people never talk to us normal people, are we like uncool to you, I mean if I said hi to a famouse person, they say.
cann youu give a #shoutout to Tremaine and Scott Mitchell wishing them a long and happy marriage. Thank youu
I <3 piano music
...WOW..loving the PG13 ratings
I LIVE 5 MINUTES AWAY FROM RUTHERFORD AND THEY PICK THE DAY THAT I HAVE A SWEET 16
:) hey hey
: this grind to create a profitable art movement for creators
Chinese philosopher, Lao Tzu: “A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” Or a single character in a 140 character
when can we expect you in #philly to check out the work is doing w/?
guys were leaving June 30th (:
Be safe out there!
: *grinning* love the spunk. I'm grateful tomorrow is casual Friday.
I just rewatched NSN and I have to say I really respect for his bravery and i think he is uber special and talented
that was hurricane craig i think
If a threat what would the demoralizing event be? "Tonight" & "sweetheart" seemed clearly sexual to me
it's all over national news now
I'm Glad nothing is open when I can't sleep... Its when I suddenly think I need my nose pierced or a visible tattoo to express myself
Watching an Old fashioned thanksgiving :)
#ThingsIveRealized Once a Hater, Always a Hater.!
so excited for new season of sharks hockey on KFOX!
We like your style. A lot! :D
Would you exchange sexual favors for Urban Meyer right now??... I'm sure we can drum something up
Best Partner Ever! Can't wait to see you tonight
thank you! I'll let you know if we have any events. :)
I said the same thing when I read the report yesterday smh
Thank you!
After all, you can get whatever you want in a dream!
welcome new follower. Prepare to have your mind blown with amazing tweets. Hope you're prepared for this journey!
Put 3 people on kobe, 1 guy on Blake and the other guy on sessions and take ur chance with everyone else
Our #appoftheday is simply... #Madonna. It features #Madge in all of her musical glory!
Oatmeal is such a superfood. Plain oats with fruit and nuts/nut butter is the best well-rounded energizing breakfast.
Great day to be productive <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
expands wine and beer sales to Georgia, Illinois and California. Alcoholic offerings won't be available until the afternoon.
Yay!! This really makes my day- I've been fortunate to read some really good books lately. :)
My mom is my best friend in the entire world! #talker #loveyou #nojoke acts likes shes like 16! <U+270C>
AH! MY BIG FAT GYPSY WEDDING IS ON AT 9! WOOP WOOP
Hi Rachel. You can visit my website to learn about my books. Aside from the website, the only marketing tool I use is prayer.
Hold my unicorn.
they are awesome!!! And look so adorable in animation form(:
Someone better text me back , cause if not imma be ticked.
It's not tv, it's HBO
Without discipline, there's no life at all
I have asthma, so I always make sure I have an empty inhaler stored in my glove box. That way when I get pulled over, I can make myself w...
how much you selling your pieces for? Love what you do and am looking for something to cover an entire wall at my place.
twin language for those in the #7%
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.
I swear I could watch coach carter every minute of every hour of every day.
if it were tied he would be looking for wade and getting rid of the ball like it was a hot potatoe
Yay for getting stronger. Took an INTERMEDIATE class this morning & actually made it through!
thank you, we ship within 24 hrs
Kansas City is the greatest football team!
Pizza rolls >
Thanks for the follow. Be blessed always.
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - both spouses are confident in their relationship with their marital partner.
so which one of us is getting a copy?
"I'll Have Another!" And so ends another #KentuckyDerby #RunForTheRoses!
Testing out Who swears by it?
Thanks for the RT!
Fabulous! Will we see your name in print (or online?)
they played a really small show downtown and i went...and we looked in the window and saw them warming up/eating/hanging out lol
Nice, what's your goal?
Winter blowout sale! Save up to 55% code: EUREKA at checkout cafepress.com/cajoneswear
#Weirdfactaboutme I have a high metabolism, yet it doesn't work.? The'Fuuuuu..
What the hell kind of depressing ending was that? I want to cry
Launched a firework two in Irvington for that much needed Pacers win. Granger is still my boy. Indiana Let's show NBA how hoosiers bring it.
I've missed everyone tweeting about the Royals thank goodness baseball is back.
Hospitals aren't fun :P follow and make me feel better? :(
hey len-practice for next week. 10-comes after 9, before 11. it's spelled T-E-N. it's all of your fingers together. 10-GIVE ONE!!
you know it sweetheart!
are you related to Joe Fortunato?
You speak our language...thanks for connecting with us! We are at your service. ~Linda :o)
God prescribes, carves out, calculates & arranges everything for us...we should presume & do nothing without His revealed word. J.S. Bach
Wow. We won but Louisville played their tails off! Survive and advance
I want you to check out my new. Ring tone when I'm done
My team meets the new CMO today... should be an interesting opportunity to share ideas and get a sense of her vision!
Have you ever heard anyone call it "GENCONF?"...I think I'll start saying that.
Do you have time for a quick radio interview for public radio in LA? If so, let me know. Thx!
Geez that was a big block by Gibson.
did you watch Bethany tonight? The E hollywood true story was so good
RT : BREAKING: Today #Ikea workers in Danville #VA ratified their first contract, which will go into effect 1/1/12.
My score is 47. I improved it by 37 points over the past 30 days! Thanks Mara and John D (my Dallas peeps) for the kick in the ass
Cleavage is like the sun! You can't stare too long or else you'll end up getting hurt!!
So aproximately around when are you guys going to announce tour dates? You know preferably Indy.. ...haha.
My eye lids are freaking swollen & it hurts & it's annoying :/
Yes! RT : Record number of folks at #SundayParkways yesterday-28,250! 10K more than last year. Next up, NoPo Parkways June 24.
My bad. Didn't know you needed both of us. Been a crazy day for me, but I'll get to them tonight.
Pretty sure I have more assignments due than days left in school...
I still remember watching the first episodes of hannah montana and the 3D concert movie and hannah montana the movie!.:)
damn, I gots some living to do
just went through and deleted hundreds of backlogged emails from my halstead account. spring cleaning!
glad you liked it! Happy Nurses Week
Looking for a great place to lift? Look no further than ! Formerly known as Aspen Penn Square
But Morning everyone =]
Make sure to wish Happy Birthday tomorrow and catch her live webcast 8:00PM EST www.livestream.com/celestekellogg
Interested in hosting a tech event at your place in a couple weeks. Let's talk?
got to go to school in a little tired like fuck!!!!!!!!!!!
Speaking at #sipainmiami on social media. Will I see you there?
Look up dor vs bolten and educate yourself on the subject,
ya... im in LA but GTG SSOOORRYY!
Hm how about Vivace by REI?
just a little experiment. I feel like I've been gaining weight in unusual places, especially considering how active I am.
hi lady! Are you working for living social?
Loving the heat <U+E04A>
As a kid, I remember watching old episodes of The Monkees.
Awe roomie's are the best! (Sarcasm) I wish there was a close by my house! I want an artisan bagel!!! #BreakfastTime <U+2639>
i really should pay attention when i have multiple tabs open.
mix it up. add an over used inspirational tweet in there like the rest of us.
The ONLY Board Certified Clinic and Instructor in Las Vegas! We back our work with research and color science! #breast cancer #las Vegas
whatever liar -______-
Looking forward to watch Caroline Wozniacki play - Hope that she'll beat Petkovic. Go Denmark!!!!
Our very first gathering is coming up! #SpursChicas will be attending the game on Friday. Girls, plan to meet in the Fan Zone.
OMG! Still.. when are they going to finish? How irritating..
At the Rampage Game with my honey
No I didn't. Coyotes hockey. They have played below avg all season long in the 1st pd. expected it. Expect big win tonight!
Lol wise words bro
And thanks to everyone who joined me in the last session of the last day of this conference.
Thanks for the invite to the Rebel Business Network...will be there. Sounds like a great event.
I love you! Thank you for being so awesome. :-)
Just spotted CelticsRay Allen limping around CVS.
2-7 NL Single Draw is the toughest game and takes the most guts. Do you have the guts to rap pat and stack off with a 269JJ
My G! Thank you. It'd be belated in 5-6 mins from now... You're right on time, bro! Ha. salute.
- What type of juicer do you use?
Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Pray the Devil Back to Hell
If Kloppenburg did NOT want a recount, there would be no need to file papers at the GAB. The fact that theyre about to file something is big
Looks like we've got two shows coming up. Details in a bit. One is this Saturday though!
"What do Republicans call a gay man with neoconservative passion, a committed relationship and personal courage? A faggot.” -Andrew Sullivan
Maine has a football team? #Packers “: Jerron McMillian, FS Maine”
WELL I may need to have my roots touched up soon ===> make sure you ladies stop by the salon before going to get cocktails:)
The movie was great ! An action packed chic flick :-)
Finding dark humour in pathos
Interesting point about Prince as local, city-based artist; he's completely rejected the web as mode of engagement
Got to love those painfully awkward elevator rides
Next Tuesday we will have a special Family Night where your Children will get Fingerprinted and get a their very own ID badges made!
Happy Thursday! Go out and conquer some Dreams!
Today is gunna be a good one
Well, dang. Lol. RT": I would love a few people to fall off the face of the earth."
Headed out to Ritz in a bit for THE AVENGERS. Might squeeze in another viewing of SOUND OF MY VOICE today too.
make a new album soon please! xoxo
you send naked pictures to everyone and you're going to get baptised......?
i need to clarify - it is restaurant week...but it's true, i do go to bed at 8:30, so an early dinner is always good
I think it's cool that vinyl is making a comeback! Now if I just had something to play it on!
Thanks! Yeah, I think I'll go w/1 of his. Nephew doesn't read that much anymore, was hoping to trick him w/graphic novel :P
CASHER: I listed the Lakers total at 195.5 by mistake. Should have been over 185.5. Either way, if you bet it you did well!
"girls wit no ass are so gross." I agree whole heartedly.
yay(: you should go look at the one down the road from me (: that'd be legit!
Blake Lively <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
happy birthday mike.
Ask 5 economists and you'll get five diverse answers - 6 if one went to Harvard.
C'mon ... you know I have to protect my sources :p
#Kudos for pairing mentors w/ children who need & want them. We're proud to have partnered w/ you during
Dogs are miracles with paws. ~Attributed to Susan Ariel Rainbow Kennedy
i hope everything is going good with you and the kids and that u had a good holidays
he passed for all of them as well.
Get some help. You need God and Jesus " God, please tell us Jelena is till together."
I told you I was goin to the casinos! Dont be hatin I'm coming back a #winner haha I love
OK CHANNING! I see you in The Vow!
Hey guys! Just got outta school! I only have a 3 day week this week! Rock on! :)
enjoying a bad ass cup of black coffee yum...
yes or no? I'm confused
Just when you thought the sound couldn't get worse...
why hello mr. attractive~
thanks for the suggestion I'll add it to my lost of things to look at.
YA!!! RT by the most important tournament director of all time!!!!!!! ( ) now your my #1 pick to win main event!! Sry FBT
OH: (looking at the dyson fan) That fan is ANIME!
I usually enjoy a nice IPA a book and foot massage from strippers to calm down Tanning helps me calm down and relax.
Thanks St. John's SC! Had a blast today. Scoot again with you soon.
looks great. Motor City fans are proud!
Can't wait for October 4th!!! Thank you for stopping by last night! Great times!
LOVED your profile, and I'm glad to know I'm not the only bty editor who doesn't use body lotion!
What tells you? It starts as a "village" but then community involvement starts deciding "what's best for our children."
Eric Thames' facial hair FTW
At Chicano Park in Barrio Logan.
The greatest gift you can give the world is a gratified you.
rats (&thx) - we've been having weird server issues - looking into it right now
You could say a lot of shit about JR but you could never say he dont play hard
News Fan explains why he threw hot dog at Tiger Woods
damn didn't know Stella Artois was in Dragon Eyes. Its gotta be a dream come true to have a song in an action movie
Working on a new song- has me going in so many directions it's driving me crazy! but it WILL rock!
With midterms & work, it's going to be quite a week! It's been so long since I've had a test, I don't remember how to study!
COMING UP: Breathe Carolina / Chiodos / I See Stars Saturday, Animals As Leaders Sunday, Minerva Music Festival w/ Bam Margera next Sat!
Check out www.wackycords.com for your charger, or see Tell your friends.
Post if you have favorites! :)
i'll come by tomorrow - are you in the shop?
We Go Through Hell Just To Get To Paradise.
I didn't mean to sleep this long
I'd be careful what you wish for... I was the 2-ball knockout champ in 2nd grade :)
If my mom gets mad at me for not going to church cuz I have a horrible stomach ache that's will be just retarded.
The Affordable Care Act has not made health care a right. Access to care is a profit center controlled by the insurance industry.
New Student Registration! Welcome to first semester of being a #USFFW COUGAR! :)
Im on Lowerlevelradio.com, hosting Groove Theory. Check us out.
Let's make this a "ME Day" <U+263A>
Thx for recent RTs/mentions: Have a terrific Tuesday!
Just saw a commercial, Oscar Mayer-It Doesn't Get Better Then This. If that is true, we are in BIG trouble!
I had no idea. I am so sorry. wishing you both well & strength.
But why
Good night Facebook & everyone
Hell yahh shake it up(; iconic boyz
So, is abortion ever okay to you? In cases of rape? Medical safety? To protect women from violent partners/family?
It's determined by his percentage of disability the VA gives him for his diabetes.
Thanks for the follow, ! :)
So it's definite that is getting the tickets? Cause I don't want to bring her and she doesn't have one :(
To the Indian girl in yellow at 82nd St - Jackson Hghts. You make my eyes smolder like a track fire.
Love when I hack into the schools internet >.<
Getting ready for NY! Packed couple of days! Talking #Madden13 with the press, cover reveal, and the NFL Draft!
#nweafusion Change our words, change our world. - Gerrita Postlewait
tell me what ??
CBS/Masters no mention of Tiger last 4hrs? He stunk, BUT I bet "How'd Tiger do?" was on peoples minds. Why? Was it a good ole boy smackdown?
I'm really excited. Hoping that our new drafts contribute like we think they will and hoping we for no injuries.
ask your tio kk if he misses me lol
it was lonely in mY bEd...;)
Werq : I cant fuck with rude ppl.i end up thinking look at me sideways 1 more time & I will gladly smack ur eyes out of ur head!
Boring ass night :/.
I wanted to kiss my DVR last week. Is that wrong? Archer, Justified, and Southland all made their triumphant return so I was =).
wtf the packer's need more
Ugh can't wait til next week
#happyhalloween! new interview up at 1standvine.tumblr.com up tonight!
lol! U don't know nothing. :-p
aw that's sweet. you should do it when she has lunch so it's in front of everyone.
Check out A great place to hangout at if your in Houston TX :-)
If I was a better DJ I'd be DJ'n at a real club not a strip club...
For anyone interested in the Highway 76 project, it should be completed all the way to I-15 by 2016. Wow! That's a long time..
lucy me and taz were watching Jurassic Park 1 and you well look like the girl in it.
#Angels Pujols wife was "mad at god" when #Cardinals offered her husband "only" $130 million. His stats, 1 HR 14 RBI .212 average. Bite it!
California chicken cafe :)
Watching the masters. The fuck is this shit.
your mama was bad son lol
I picked to dark of a color
The video of the pope playing with an iPad makes me think: is he too old to think? Does he think...thoughts?
so is the idea a taxi-replacement?
thanks for the #ff love
oh did u?? And you couldn't even think to send me any? Oh I see I see...
Woah. The hood showed up at Target.
did u sing at school today
can't wait buddy! Thanks for all the hard work.
This Thursday will be under the spell of & will be a #housenation trifecta!
hahaha i really wouldnt know how to organise one HA!
here in cloudy FL now!
It's that day of the weekend again, our lunch taco buffet featuring Chicken Enchiladas & Mini Taco Salad Shells, just $8.95!
Lol Here I Go With My
Let me know how New York is, I'm jealous. Looking for work in NY.....good for you!
VEGAS VEGAS VEGAS Any last minute reservations for this weekend still offering specials to stay @ Caesar's Harrahs Planet Hollywood and more
So jelly! Give her lots of hugs today.
guys is very active and happy Monday week I
yes he did!
You're jumping on the Kim Kardashian bandwagon too? It was a publicity stunt from the beginning, if she stops gettin attn...
i luv all my haterz but i shouldn't be having this many
Not the official garbage, but seeing your peeps is definitely worth it.
This will be an eventful weekend for the family
Twilight only has 2 more Miller High Lifes and then it's Oly Tall Boys!
This shows the intense sophistication of both the terrorist network and the US intelligence agencies + partners working to defeat it
What? I thought I asked the Time Keeper to slow down. And nothing! Great job Time Keeper
Yeah yeah yeah...
Come buy student rush tickets for Friends of Chamber Music: Pacifica Quartet tonight at 7pm in Lincoln Hall for $5. Be sure to present ID!
but I just had surgery on my meniscus so I'll probably be 200 plus and I'll gain some fat finally lol
My Twitcon won't change no matter how many times I update it!
Milton Bradley designated for assignment? Shocked! Shocked, I say!! I guess team number 8 was not the magic number...
Is feelin so cheesy just call me Kraft!
And now that tryouts are over it's time for the very worst part.
Hey, look! Just 10 more Followers to our first 1000!!! Can you help us reach this milestone? Follow them
Thanks for reaching out! You can get #LoveCrunch in #Chicago coffee shops and on our website! KIT
Dawes giving a disclaimer before sharing graphic confessions of Japanese war criminals
because maybe i needed to get it off my mind so I wouldn't break down crying!
Was just discussing that with Ackley-Ichiro-Seager-Montero would look great.
i'm really obesessed with songs!!!!!
are you a fugitive that drives away?
OK, you guys don't need to talk about me. Talk about NYC!! The more students we get there, the more you can help each other.
Went to ITEXPO today!
Time for hoops! Cheering on ' alma mater #KU You better be watching, Amy.
I've been numb all day. I need to snap out it.
Ears finally Getting better...it was mostly my left ear...I promise to never ever endanger my ears again its the worst
I think I'm frighteningly close to becoming well-adjusted. Not sure how I feel about this.
haha guy is a legend
I swear I dress better when I don't have to go to work then when I do. Stop slouching.
do a picture of yourself !
all the best my friend
I hate it when you're mad at someone and they make you laugh.
I use it in class great site, kids really like it, great for reviews
#FridayFightAgainst any kind of bullying
Join us the first Wednesday of every month at Jovita's with The Lucky Tomblin Band. Texas swing and jazz standards. No cover. All summer.
Congrats Paul!
Time to find an agent.
Well, really, who are you to deny their love?! ;)
Hold the phone! They make righteous whores? Who manufactures them? Are they made in China, or in the Hood? LOL
I can't even express how ridiculously dope your beats are yo...
Happy...happy!!!
#Tiger #Woods is going to be playing #Golf tomorrow with the only guy who can and WILL beat him, Graeme McDowell (Chevron 2010).
Saw Blade Runner tonight...was as awesome as I remembered it as a kid. =]
We appreciate the support
$585,000, wow. A house like that here would cost more like $85,000.
Kentucky's participation, proactively RT : What's that feedback in New Orleans? Is someone being phased out of existence?
Durant and Westbrook combining for just 91 points, yawn
hahaha! My Moma still gives me easter presents too!
Hey Barbara! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
what's that? Can it be about me and you?
Honored to emcee the REFORMA 40th Year Anniversary Commemorative Banquet with
#FirkinAwesome ! We'll have more firkins than ever! RT : So excited for Gonna have a group going.
Why do so many people in Washington heights talk to other people through their apartment windows on the street ? I don't get it!
i hate jagr. i hope chara steps on him.
It's almost time!!! Mike Posner Tonight ! STOOOPID STOKED FOR TONIGHT!!
#KentuckyDerby + #CincoDeMayo = run for the tacos.
Hey its friday are you following ,
I do, indeed. And that pastrami sandwich looks amazing! I wept a little.
Thanks for making my afternoon a little more enjoyable #jukeallthetime #showtime lives on
"I check my MySpace and I got a lot of friend requests YES!" Hehe
maybe...I can't argue that
if dudes are a lil too nice in the beginning they're only gonna get worst. #NipItInTheBud quick
100% least favorite thing about reporting? Typing up a notebook's worth of notes, ugh. Happy Saturday!
I think I know what you're talking about!!! hahaha!
Not been week :'/
no but I have just seen 3 different commercials for towing company reality shows..
Struggling to make money online? You don't have to when you join my team. Get Fully Auto follow up system and TONS of step by step training!
Procrastinator? Do you have paralysis by analysis? Always too much time thinking and not enough doing?
we didn't want to interrupt her dinner, but yes is gorgeous. The guys noticed her 1st. Radiant. Lovely.
tweeting about food.
No because you ain't showing it...
woo can't wait, is it an hour long ?
nicely done!
Quote: “Brilliantly lit from stem to stern, she looked like a sagging birthday cake.”
No expectations, no letdowns.
i like the sound of that!!!! RT ": the Lakers Might get SWEPT AGAIN."
spending the day at the #SmithExtravaganza. Happy Thanksgiving to all!
People who often say, "Money isn't everything" usually have plenty of it.
LeBron doesn't fit the traditional bball notions well enough. Rondo falls into the romantic ideal of PGs too well.
#myweakness country boys
Taco Saturday! Round Corner Cantina
that's ridic awesome
The score will always stop on 69 either one team or the other sometimes even both!
RT : #BanderaBowl tomorrow, don't miss out $5 to bowl from 10 Pm to 1 Am!!!
Sounds like we had similar nights and mornings.
hey whats up stranger
thanks for your shoutout! We really appreciate it! :)
= main posting & first account Personal/writing/ thoughts/ some club promotion
I dance just like as P!NK
Enjoying the bit about #JeffBuckley who crossed paths with the author in NY in #TheBookofDrugs by
"All I heard was you yelling No Means No from across the office." -guy I work with
Idek how I'm going to pass this AP exam, seriously.
What a gorgeous day today! A great thanksgiving weekend and even better - Go Lions! Get that Cup
willie nelson gets $100 fine for drug possession- AND- has to sing in court room to satisfy community service agreement. sound right to you?
Ah... a nice relaxing weekend on our Yacht=] The rain falling on the boat sounds cool=]
thanks for the follow! I like your blog and your peppermint brownies look super yummy!!
I will be 16 in twenty two days
Thanks for the retweet.
so sorry
anyone have BBM for blackberry ? if so, message me your pin number
Hey! What time you getting out of work? We're going by aunty seetas today :)
I was just making conversation, I really don't wanna go on road trip with u, iont even rock wit u like that dawg!! FOR THE RECORD!
I am too, but hey most winners don't go on and do much after so the true test is what she does going forward
Practicing extreme willpower right now
get me a ticket!!
Common Phx pull your heads out of your asses!!!!! #letsgoyotes!!!
Kentucky's roster currently stands at 12. They could sign another guy and still give both Malone and Long scholarships next year.
: Cher "attacked' Romney so she has no talent??? How childish Donald!
Enjoy! A ginormous superhero movie marks the official start of summer :)
Dear #Vegas, thank u again! Xoxo! ;)
looking good :)
That awkward moment when you’re staring at nothing in particular, and then realize you’re staring right at someone.
"Who of you by worrying can add a single hour to his life?" Matthew 6:27
How do I even come up with half the things I say .... ? Lmaooo ! :')
#20ThingsAboutMe I think about things too hard.. so hard that it usually comes to a point that I just want to cry about everything.
Thanks for the retweet!
Johnny Depp is afraid of clowns, yet he can still don wild make-up and costumes to play The Mad Hatter, Willy Wonka and Edward Scissorhands?
I love going to church after work to clear my head and thank God. My attitude is gratitude :)
Great to see an american screw chelsea over!
and lil varney some prostitutes on David
Just returned from press conference at Fire house #10!! Great community turn out!! Check out the story tonight on the 5 o'clock news
George Savile, Complete Works, 1912I cannot afford to waste my time making money
WOW!!!! #Chipper Jones and the Atlanta Braves take the #Phillies!!!! What a game tonight! 11th Inning...14 to 13.
WOW the #Mariners are doing well tonite over the #Twins !
Another wet and soggy day in south Florida!!:-(
hell yeah !
My name ain't dick so keep it out of your mouth.
RT Who's in #VEGAS & ready to party? #IndustryNight tonight w/ in Main Room / on the terrace
Seeking Radian6 expert with big brand campaign experience for possible consulting gig. Please retweet.
uh oh.
yea it will
kinda glad i was a loser in school! It has made me who i am today!
Who is this generation's Freddie Mercury?
Huge win Boys! Makes me proud to scout for you! The effort was tremendous! Stay focused! Cheers!
omg but i don't lmao well sometimes but it was my dad's CD and all of a sudden it started playing and the knob is on "off"
“: Oh, your profile picture is a car? You must be a transformer.” new fave
you do green you didn't even have to go there
what is a hospitalist?
There is more dignity and honor In compassion than hysterical, vengeful celebrations that look like any sports event. ~Joanne Barker
You're awesome. Just thought I would tell you.
I'm home but I'm saving myself for Friday!!!
Follow Echo Beach on our NEW Twitter account -- gigs, news and more
gonna watch Captain America with the siblings :P
#WhyDoIAlways fall easy?
come down to megs!
I read many columns today saying that nothing's immediately changing from this and the effect is more emotional right now...
Bus driver appreciation week
Please follow me?:))
Are historians more skeptical of the digital revolution?
En route to New York City to help facilitate a panel on paid sick days hosted by the Ford Foundation.
#TeamFollowBack..... I will follow u back staight away! :)
how possibly have we not met? I see that as a problem that must be rectified!
No coincidence that UK's given up its most first-half points of the season with Davis missing most of the first half.
Now taking questions from the audience. First up: when public funds are used, how will you track the creation of local jobs?
Tip #155: Good players answer the questions. Great players question the answers.
can't, homework. but im checking mlb at bat every 5 mins :P
First caffeine of the day, at noon? That's dangerous, Charlie!
Dang... Just heard my gguy was in a accident
yeah I think so...
Great news! The VA Senate just voted to fund prenatal care for low-income legal immigrants during their first 5 yrs in U.S.
Alive alert awake wifi Dulles airport
NEW MOVEMENT!!!! (CONTROVERSIAL!!!) #NELLUMINATI STAY TUNE.........
Weightlifting Tomorrow , And haircut , Party Saturday , Church Sunday , Damn Man !
Just take the food like you work there. Post-exam celebratory feast!
Couldn't ask to hear anything better - thanks, man...and stay inspired!
I like you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> you're sweet! AND you said hey to me. and, you've got a nice smile. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I almost missed part 2 of Birdsong on Masterpiece.
nice vid! Sorry about the LinkedIn limitation. We're planning to offer other social sign-in options - which do you prefer?
I am SO ready for the weekend.
#30thingsaboutme 5. sometimes i can get on Austins nerves, but he will always love me. :)
I tweet quality not quantity!
in the financial district? We have the BEST whole wheat pizza- light & crispy! come by for lunch today
That flask is pretty awesome. But then, so is the yarn!
at least two. love the hashtag. I don't think you and understand how bad it is.
Man back @ #skytacos n L.A. 1 of the best places!
Yeah WOM is awesome! Referrals never go out of style.
lol,maybe later.im watching the hunger games rn c:
Do you have a copy of your league schedule you can email me? (to put up on thebowlingframe.com)
at school..
Not wearing underwear tonight, YOLO.
Goodbye Steve. Thanks for the great products. - typed on my iPhone.
I love graphic design. I love marketing. I love brand theory. I want to be a brand manager.
Sws on my tl wow I wanna cry because happy
April 19th, also known as Baked appreciation day is fast approaching... Know what that means? Free cookies for everyone! :D please RT
Thanks for the tips!
always makes things seem a little bit better
Attn. all members: Be sure 2 stop by the member appreciation party @ 5pm for food & drinks, plus live tunes!
damn mane you at home ? MSCC
And you can look, but don't touch cause my paint damp.
my older son complains about that... never thought I'd have to say "stop touching it and it'll go away"
So thrilled to have as supporters for June 4 Code for Oakland event--come join us!
A nigga feelin kinda strong today did 4 push ups
aw aiit nice tom eet yhu and good morning
As we drive home they are laughing about the fact that the people on "walkers" road signs have detached heads. Hilarious.
Thank you for following Paige and I Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt Help families by donating
I washed my car by hand today for the first time ever and saved $7 on my normal car wash. It felt good.
always !! Flying without a net
At school with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Beautiful day today...stop by for a splash on our bumper boats!
#benson Do you know what #TWAfterHours is? If you don't its when talk very dirty about the boys....
Happy Mother's Day!
Day two at conference. So far so good!
Television ownership in America != flat panel television ownership in America
#swag #SALUTE #swag #SALUTE ayyyyy :)
Fist bump - thanks for sharing our $1 deal
yes! "design for dreaming"
- Enjoyed sharing my knowledge & my eBook with a fabulous group of networkers that exemplify strong relationships!
Btw , Chris Webber, NBA star, was in last night for some of 's cheese. He wants to come back when we have venison.
Oh, yes!
who names their kid paisley??
This weather has to be getting you in the mood to hit the water. Don't have a boat? We can help! Book now!
Happy Monday! Enjoy $1.50 Beef and Chicken Tacos after 4pm today as well as $1.50 Tecate ALl DAY!!
Mayhem Nation: Be sure to take care of that special someone in your life today.
Chillin' on the couch. Alone. I wouldn't be against sharing it with someone sometime. I'm just sayin'!!!
Heading into Sweat Hot Yoga to teach 9:30 Power Hour and noon Power Hour. Class theme: Conscious Choices
Great video!
What would you do if we had a zombie apocalypse? May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 #1Dtourusa We love you! Love, Alexi and Tabi!
For my 3 day, back to Barrett Jackson and Russo Steele Auctions. Yesterday got of ride alone during Drifting expo. www.apinsights.info
Have a great night see ya Tomorrow gotta work!!!!!!! Share the love around you :)
ive voted for you guys so many times and yall wont follow me back
you never called back bro .. but goodnight !
u don't like 2 chainz?
Lmfao rft “ A special tweet to everyone that goes to school late tomorrow or has off, I fucking hate ya xoxo.”
Need another stop D
This ain't no love song I just fill like gettin my guitar up and singing a tune thinking bout you.. Ya! <3
Amazed to see that, as promised last winter, there is indeed now an outdoor piano on wheels (casters?) by a fountain on the Boston Common!
well thank you Mr. Gilman! P.S. I tried to say bye before I left but you weren't in your dorm!
In the studio as we speak writing/recording the "CHRISTMAS ANTHEM 10,000!" You're gonna love it!
Do you have any photos? We'd love to see.
This is where the Clips really miss Chauncey Billups.
The DMV is so boring.
rock out ;)
I'm 18 but I have the mentality and maturity level of a 10 year old . Awhhhhh yeah (;
Hey lil cousin. long time no hear. you're getting a new cousin today...pretty exciting
I smell burnt toast
Thanks for the mention!!!
Have to be 4 places at once. Don't you love those days?
Why is it so hot in here?Curse you AutoShop >.< 10moreMin &we're out of here
nothing wrong with that..u still duckn ,hiding
Former Star Quarterback, Gambling Addict Art Schlichter Sentenced to 10 Years
I don't know what this means, but it's a funny tweet by a hockey fan. (Unmodified.) “: intent to blow! intent to blow!”
The only thing still good about my bracket is
Wake n bake
you know we are!
In this competive world, customer is the epicenter of this economic revolution. Manager must cultivate close relations with customers.
RT : 90% of Americans would rather lose their wallet than their smartphone! via
you watching #extemerules tonight?
Did espn2/Rick Reilly seriously just do a 10 minute story about random people named Tom Brady? And I didn't change the channel
I have though pal. I have.
Thanks for listening ;)
lol true. & you're welcome :) next time you can do it for me.
meet you guys there!
70% chance of rain here in B-more tomorrow. Sorry :(
cole wanted me to talk to you about coming over tonight?
ok I'm sorry.lol.jk
3rd row on right. Next to gilbreath and joshjo.
Heyy twitter what's up
I was cruising the Nordstrom site and just can't believe women would pay top dollar for some of those travesties.
James Nikon>James Canon
nobody visits me :'(
Honestly ur tour schedule is very intensive, I hope it won't make any problem for ur voice guys
love the new feature on where you can just open a picture straight into your timeline
well atleast they won't be as noticeable as braces
nice keep up the good work son!
Happy birthday ! ^dr
Once again shows it’s support for the UX community by sponsoring #idea10 this year. Thank you!!
Good morning, Chris! Thanks for the tea! :D
R kelly-hands of time
My Tail Bone Bruise hurts #ICantSitMyAssDown :'( lol
Leap Day! So anything we do today doesn't count right?
Tomorrow we will be running another Wednesday Tip of the Week with Guy Berger, is there anything special you would like to hear him discuss?
srsly? How are you even struggling with this?
Flattop Grill!
Project for the weekend. Photoshop the wedding photos.
I wonder if KD is scared of Metta . . .
" Texas is the crossroads of the world. Everything here is big - Bobby Lee."
Wonder goal for Fabian vs. Barcelona!! Unreal!!!
Just saw a trailer for the movie #Journey2. Was there even a first Journey movie?
Good luck to EA, RW and DV and a big thank you to JJ for saving the day!
": Michael Pineda has a tear in his right labrum. #ouch" Yikes, I'm going through PT for same thing right now.
agreed. Say, hows the new role going?
As long as you got pics he'll be fine...he'll always have that to hold onto when he gets older!
I wonder what E-40 is doing right now...
was absolutely perfect.
After the pool one day? Oh, of course.
London this summer,excited! If I'm lucky I could meet but doubt it
Andrea follow me
Obstacles don't have to stop u, if u run into a wall don't turn around & give up figure out how to climb over it go thru it or wrk around it
Stop calling yourself hot. The only thing you turn on is the microwave. . .
where are you babes?
Aw babe! Your so sweet! :)
Thanks so much!! and thank you for your support!!! I am glad to hear you enjoyed the show! Hope you have a Merry Christmas!
Congrats to Glynn Wedgewood! This weeks random winner for our Thirsty Thursday giveaway! Keep it here to win & Stay Drivn.
Beautiful day in the big apple! Happy to be home!
If my dad says cut it out does that mean I'm in for another round of home surgery?
Karate grading today:D.
Its cool just email me the one u want graded
So many prom goers staying at the hotel. Just seems so wrong. One couple is sharing a cigarette. That's romance, kids.
On my way to the dells to dj tonight
well you're pretty short.
Welcome all #SXSW2012. Come check us out #SXSWtrailer. Great tacos to keep you going!
Dear haters, I'm not your enemy. I'm your hero.
It's 4:50 in the morning, I have to pee, and there's a bazillion-legged gynormous bug on my floor blocking the door. Help. Me.
Thank you!
“: #TwoThingsThatDontMix Lebron and the game on the line” lol.
so cute<U+2764> jealous(:
my prayers go out 2 all the families who last loved ones in the tragedy we know as 9/11 <U+2665>
F the Sux
Sunday night. RT : hold the coffee, pour the whisky.
I can't wait till I can lay outside during the summer and get all dark and tan :)
Ok...I'm officially awake now and we r an hr 1/2 into the meeting! Lol
oh let's hope so!!!
funny, I'm now catching up on Raw
I'm gonna fall like I don't need saving(;
alvarado looks like he just ran into a brick wall!!!
In need of #starbucks <U+2615>
love the concept! Looking forward to the shows. I've given you follows 1 and 2, thx for the invite and heads up! Happy #ff!
are you watching these jokers on first take? Man, they flip flop more than the Pacers last night
tomatoes want full sun and regular water. but you'll want to put a tomato cage around them, which usually discourages the dog.
My bro knows him, were on EFF board together. His work is fascinating, outside my expertise, but worth struggling through.
All I need is an ipad3.
Going to bed not feeling so good, will catch raw in the morning and upload new pics, sweet dreams y'all xx
RT You'll never get anywhere if you have no place to go. Goals give your journey to success the destination that it needs.
Ari's coming to Florida. Which means she will only be one hour away from me for the gazzilionth time.
It's not impossible, Aaron...Ever wonder why you're so obsessed?...You've been LED to UT. You're gonna have a great testimony!
Great work on the AIRWAVES...GENIUS!
M PIZZA
San Antonio TX may be my home, but Win, Lose or Tie, Oakland Raiders til I die!
good night.
great ass sha wing
Break a leg Jersey Boys !!! Opening night Woo Hoo !
So good! RT : Somehow, the pizza and the restaurant Barcelona in New Haven were both even better than I had remembered. Nom nom.
I know but if Larry is double covered look for Doucet.
we will see about that
Thank you so much for the mention!
Going to play tennis babe xx (:
Any one care to talk talk on the phone?:)
Friday's adult office beverage day needs to come today! The team is working hard with changes for September!
Just slanmmed breakfast...
Using a dot matrix printer at work. It is the size of a small car and loud enough to require ear protection. It should be in a museum.
1000 followers! You guys rule! To celebrate, we'll be releasing our new song "God Bless Yoga Pants" sometime next week! Get stoked for it
Father comfort the Tims family & friends...
"Dude has the creepy eyes of a sexual predator and he wears flip flops, so gross" haha best thing I've heard all day haha
If I get up to 200 followers you'll laugh at my first concert... Well maybe it also shows my age haha
ah i love these! <U+2665>.<U+2665>
This is my last week eating unhealthy. I need crap food this week though.
and I started to just come lol , I drove all the way back home lastnight daytona was not the deal
Kicking myself for not being the first person to make an "Ice Cream Kony" joke.
PUMPKIN SPICE LATTE!
I'd ask if you'd really shave his ass but you probably would
absolute nonsense, historic improvements in poverty in China as it increasingly relied on market forces :D What u smoking?
eek, that horrible noise people call #twitter and #linkedin updates ...
I am! Yay can't wait to hang out with so many awesome illustrators!
OK, got me with that tease - I want to know why LeBron might be sued for his birthday cake...
In Allentown setting up an enormous summer event at the Big Fair!!
hey cuzzo nothing much ;-)
Ancient Babylonians took their beer seriously. If you made a bad batch, you'd be drowned in it!
Time for Change!!!
the episode tonight was awesome it made my night so funny and awesome performance.P.S. Zayn was so hot!
Wud u mind givin me a follow? I need to DM u a quick question or 2. Thanx!
omfg there was cardboard under the pizza. wut..
Dreams that money could buy -Drake.
this everyone is Good :) looking forward to a great week ahead!!! hope U have a great week too Alexa :-)!
awe thanks but honestly you don't have to!
please tout my column. Miss you guys.
Like the updates of Google Analytics, especially the Visitor Flow feature
Know what I don't like? When people pretend to be smarter than they are.
That amber rose don't sound as bad as ppl thgt. It's doesn't sound bad @ all to me
trust. I go through it all the time. It comes.
“: I guess that shows how bad my comedy is. Shit” hahaha. Keep workin on it bro
A 7-Step Process to Achieve Your Goals. Is “freak out” on your list too? (via )
Only disappointment from #Sundance: Why do you look so different in person?!
dunno that answer.
LOVE! RT : Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. ~ Judy Garland
#Legal #LawFirm #BMCKAPM can save up to $997K per year on toner usage with #green software PretonSaver! bit.ly/n7Q5A8
The life of an actor is a life of sacrifice
Hahahaha chat. YOU'RE OLD TOO. :)
No, I think it's more like "Tell 's mom."
Important question: is it open bar at the reception for this wedding?
I hateit when i have a dream about my past crush...u starting to get worried bcoz that feeling might come back...
thank's for the follow :)
I think with the repeal of Glass-Steagall we would have had some trouble anyway, but borrowing for the wars/cuts buried us.
Dartmouth, Davidson and Utah State latest DI schools to offer Homestead junior Luke Worthington. Offers pouring in for that young man!!
At the driving range!
Since Kronberg is out, he is our primary backup now. And I bet Zac McMath is probably ahead on the depth chart anyway.
#ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned being a pussy and not saying how u feel
When you're searching for a ride that screams excitement, look no further! #MelloyDodge has the new model 2012 Charger SRT Super Bee!
We'll find out tonight if Mitt Romney has any fight in him. If he can't hit a target as big as Gingrich he's too soft to be President.
i have way too much spare time
And I remind myself that there's no auto-correct in the 17th century. Aren't they lucky. (17th-cent. authors)
If you're whining about a man worth two billion dollars wearing a hoodie, you're probably just really jealous of the hoodie.
Imma party hard tonight.
awesome! I have good friends in both cities!
My allergies were kicking my ass during the ACT's.. -.-
yeah(: I love Peyton(: he's cool!
"Grind likke i'm two people"
Thanks so much! The need's greater than ever, but so is our resolve. Really helps to have the support of folks like you.
Thanks for the laugh last night, Tom! I had a snarky reply, but stupid phone didn't tweet it. Just as well....heh. ;)
how are you tonight?
nevermind im getting black its more professional.
4 of the interns ate lunch from Virginia's Market just across the street on 18th 2day. BBQ pulled pork & pulled chicken...I mean, c'mon!
:) Then you're the perfect pair. Wish you'd pass on to her that (for what it's worth) today I read & enjoyed all her blog posts
Precisely! RT : thanks but if I did npc every year I might go gray and be too well known at my local beer market.
Serious as a BB-gun shot to the eye.
follow back?
FREE SALSA LESSON with Salsa Baby (((TONIGHT))) @ Salsa Under the Stars! 6:30pm @ the Museum!!!
sure sure sure.
At the catons castle jam checkn out the great Tim Green .. This dude is on one lol... Seriously
$2 Tall Boys of #LabattBlue today! It tastes like #Hockey!
You have to trust the person you love or love someone else you can trust.
Beautiful day for a photo shoot in presidio park! I love my internship :)
lol me and my mom are Dancing to U know she's my wave coach and we battlin it out
yeah I don't know how it would work out but everyone would love it...at first anyway
Excited to see your new store is near my home! I sense a new walking destination...
Edward didn't go to Frieze either
: tearing up my heart nsync
Learning English isn't difficult. The only phrases you ever need to answer with are "precisely" or "shame on you." All else is irrelevant.
#JamieAllOver as I walked in the door of #TheNational awesome way to start
#BroCon2011 featuring execs from Microsoft, NHL, Constant Contact, ESPN + services from John Allan's Spa. Great panels, great access.
you're moving?? Where??
Monsters Player transaction update: D Kyle Haines has been released; #10 C Ryan Harrison has signed with the team
I think oomf is a male groupie...LOL!!!!!!! lemme find out
I think my dog wishes he was a meteorologist. He's as fascinated by this lightening show as I am!
...i really hate the extra skin growing over my pinky toes nails.......makes them look uncircumcised
Ambers Hideaway in the Dells. Google/Trip Advisor it.
So I was just told that Jennifer Lawrence will be on Letterman tonight. Awesome!
Just walked up to clerk at Barnes & Noble and asked if she could direct me to journalism section. "You mean like fiction?"
Swag swag swag on Lou Niall by the fire and hes eatin fondue Liam knows about me Harry knows about you so say hello to DJ MALIK in 3 2 FLICK
Thank you. The Big Apple's been missing you.
I like that there is a new setting, just hoping that it's not more of the "same"! And for gods sake no tower defense elements please!
Just working through some projects... how are you?
Every truth has two sides. It is well to look at both sides before we commit ourselves to either side. -Aesop
Wild Things IF Matt McConnell () is live tweeting about the road series against Give him a follow!
Thank's for the love !!!! Special S/O to Southern Empire. Crushing all doubt
haha yeah it is! <U+2665>
I am unreasonably excited to learn PHP. I feel like every other archivist in the world is PHPing except me!
Gene told me about it! I will definitely spread the word!
The Content & Scope meeting is back in session!
rainy day blues averted by delicious carne asada burrito, thank you San Diego.
#RT MAD LUV FOR ALL MY FOLLOWERS
All three, plz.
Wondering who she needs to hold her...
What about handmade Dog saddlepakcs neatostuff... I did'nt see anything on the site geared towards pets???? did I miss it
Just stop, for a minute and Smile :)
Happy Mothers Day! Looking good.
My inbox is trying to swallow me whole.
Thanks for the follow NEDCScoop, looking forward to seeing your tweets.
at least he didn't say I got you babe. Or... Omg, Foolish Beat!!!! LMFAO outta the blue!!
You bet bro. Thnx back!
thank you for being a wonderful judge this past week!
It deserves #diplomaticimmunity because it's a book talk about being black led by a black writer.
Misah F.A.B. told me solo is the only way to go.
The day with the Cross-Country Family was amazing:). And I guess I have finally found out I have an Over-Obession with socks.:)
New website to be posted soon, social networking to follow
and Let's do this!!!
you are one amazing one... please share when you are able to :)
sorry. Overly hyper/lackofsleep
your windsor knot must 've blocked your view, last year Orton L to Raiders at home 59-14, Tebow in hostile Oakland L 23-39...
I love Pandora Radio.
It's your birthday? I hope it's a delightful one!
Yes & yay!! Tomorrow is the big day :D
I Hate it when ppl put "#yolo" too stuff has nothing too.for either the meaning
Give thanks for sharing! Very nice feature! Nice original sound! Love de Vybez
#iGoOneDirection this is the reason why I have lost all respect for Nickelodeon.
Thank u for getting your butt out of bed this morning! Great job Jenna!!
It's National Pizza Week! We want to know... what's your favorite topping?
hope you have a better day today!
Accidentally mailed my STYLUS in a package to my sister. Might as well have mailed my arm.
Half Price tickets to see Toshiko Akiyoshi! Thursday, April 5th, both 8 & 10 PM shows.Get tickets online, use code “FBTW”
In most cases, #BV causes no complications.
Hope my mom get to see Jamaica before she meet her maker
The best of upfront week: CBS, as always, and TNT and TBS, which offers amazing access to its stars.
We need to sell slow learning as a user centered design concept. We need to sell it as a business benefit!
indeed it is! wise words of mean girls.
OMG I just wrote a weeks worth of blogs...my eyes feel like fuzz
Past the infatuation phase
WOW...you are so Beautiful!! Epic Beauty!!!
GIRLS ALOUD ARE RECORDING AGAIN. I NEED A BUCKET FOR ALL THESE TEARS. I'M SO HAPPY. FINALLY. AH! <3
I respect the mustache though.. That's about where it ends
“: Surround yourself with people who believe in your DREAMS...tell the HATERS BY BY.. #RealTalk”
Just now getting around to making me some breakfast
Mozilla Firefox sucks when it comes to uploading videos anywhere -- , Vimeo, Facebook, you name it...
My pal offers a very nice, thoughtful reflection on General Conference. We need more Amy goodness.
who are you hoping to win?
24-17 Predators at the end of the 3rd.
They're brilliant to bring you in, I really appreciate how much you bring to us in ThirdTribe!
honestly, someone has 5min to talk me out of buying taco bell. no? nobody? i'll take your silence as acceptance of my obsession.
Wow, I really had a good time tonight. Best time I've had in a while. I'm smiling from ear to ear. Bed time now..gotta b @ work @ 3 am.
Nothing harshes a good music buzz faster than stuffing repetitive blocks of unmuteable, unskippable ads in between my jams.
What's more exciting, that we're 24 hours away from new iPhones, Pop Up Video is back on VH1 or that we found $20 in our jeans pocket?
I've been patient for what, 12 years? I can't believe I bought this game...
Today I emptied out my cups of fuck.
What If A Woman Starts Wearing Dha Pants Would U Feel Less Of A Man???
Spending tomorrow finishing my exams. Then going out on a drinking expedition. Then working 80 hours next week.
Tanya....great tips...a good reminder!
I don't care 4 blueberries in my smoothies, but I love 2 eat them! Must be a texture thing! We love banana, strawberry, mango!
UPDATE 1-Arabtec-TAV group in final talks for airport contract
And once again, my sports follows and my academic follows converge. Score.
Okay:)I will when I get home
Only rivalry in sports today fiercer than #Blackhawks & #Coyotes is #Mets &
in that case you can have Todd Wilkins & I'll take Dylan McKay.
Back at the tower bar tnite, in duo, 7pm.
Follow my blog and spark the creative spirit inside you and produce your own work
look at my last tweet
Still looking for running clubs in Los Angeles to compete in the K-Trax Athletics Cross Country Invite "Super XC"
on Sinful Tuesday | Topic: How do rumors affect ths industry | Guests: & Call 760.283.5110
Klingons are the andrew wk of the galaxy.
<U+2605>Party party party everyday all week<U+2605> (: I love and <U+2665>
Good Morning! It's the day after Thanksgiving and all through the house, we're all stiring to go out and shop! :) It's 434am!
Trae video shoot Strapped up A.B.N. Gang
-sleep time :)
I am starting to use twitter regular now...thanks for the new addiction.
Congrats to on his one hundred grand win today!
Impressive 1st inning for AJ Burnett. Leadoff hit, then strikes out the side.
the bottle is stained dark and has a gold star on the logo..
its okay beautiful :)
winner winner, chicken dinner.
“: Netflix be having some good movies. New & old...” Yezzir!
It was wonderful chatting with you all! Let me know if you have any questions about stone for inside or outside.
DJ Styles is playing National Night Out @ Concordia Park, 2901 64th Ave, Oakland, CA. 6p-9p. See you there!
Glad you liked it
2.5 million young Americans now have health insurance—because they can stay on their parents' plans until age 26.
So sad to see my love muffin go, but she has to go home.
“: "I dance to Enrique Iglesias in the shower." - ”
Kathleen "Don't look at my mouth!" Battle would hate you for that.
Kyle Stanley, our own Gig Harbor champion, has all of us golfers in Washington state wearing ear to ear smiles. Way to go, Kyle!!
where are you and why are there Chinese people haha
"It's not that I'm addicted to chapstick" looks down at four chapstick tubes in purse "okay, maybe I have a problem" (upcoming post)
Perhaps life is just that... a dream and a fear.
Man I really hope this gets to Andy or his bro! I would really love to do what u guys do! I'm a hell of a fisherman! Followback
Michael Bills speaking now about innovation in a world that is consumer controlled
I've ben moving shit and lifting shit all day
just gave the worst audition of his semi-professional career. Bah.
Hit the road jack... Allen out!
If MOM says it's ok then I'm cool with that LOL
I'd say with the craptacular start we had, I'll take a 47-41 lead. C's still no more near as good as they can be. Let's hope 2nd half better
Listening to " Girl I Used To Know" you can too! Get it for free on their Facebook page today! :)
It might be the Holiday Season please be mindful, watchful and prayerful...Stop the violence!
Be careful in your wild west travels. We'll look for your tweets from a new zone but hope you find what you're looking for.
Calling it a night! Sweet dreams
damn it. I keep hoping you will announce a Minneapolis show.
And there go the historians, again.
Girl let beat, beat, beat that pussy DOWN !
Shopping in cali
Enthralled by "A Single Man" by #ChristopherIsherwood. Oh, fragile identity,
would love to see that game happen for sure. ...
Last day of midterms today.
Everyone should follow . She follows back! (:
i keep forgetting i have a facebook.
MLB approves all new owners.
thank you so much Jeff!
OMG! Thank you so much Colleen - you're an inspiration! Now let's win this round to honor your amazing support!
oh geez, this is supposed to be friendly, I don't even know how to work this thing yet BETH
RT, lol ": BOOTY CALL, Y U NO TELL ME PERIOD ON BEFORE I WASTE GAS?"
Didn't realize it till it was 2 late
Thank you for the RTs :)
Whenever I see Harry Connick Jr., all I see is his Simpsons character.
Issue Deadline - Today !!! Call now to advertise 323-965-1544... It's now time to advertise your Yom Tov Specials!
It is absolutely gorgeous outside & i have to write a 6 pg paper...
Thanks for the heads up! Sorry to hear that you were hacked...we didn't get a DM, thankfully!
They do. Especially if you need a set of them.
it sure does! I'm wearing black and gold anyways!!
I'm ready for it.
Is watching 'the wolfman'. With a snoring cat on my armpit. And man she is loud!
#wordsthatdescribeme, Heart of The King, ATribute to Elvis June 24th heartofthekingontour.com Makes a great fathersday gift
yeah buddy, I am great! :). How are you brother?
Thank you for YOUR hard work!! RT Thanks for following me. Keep up your important work.
fuckin' tweet limit
but did she get to the rooftop... :) “: nice! Have fun #socialbutterfly”
5 Cinco De Mayo Parade Today Going to watch it with the Boyfriend<3
So, I need help realizing a dream. Anyone looking to donate or sale a baby grand piano or grand piano? Lolol.. seriously though.
Some of my tweet pals got unfollowed. If U got unfollowed please let me know! can you RT this Please
She was having the most disgusting conversation ever with these two chicks in 3rd period...
I saw the other version of our scarf & you ladies will be thrilled No picture because we're changing 1 thing but I promise you will love it!
Have new stock of Naturally Smooth Flax Seed Hair Gel, Butter & Gely for Twists & Locs, Summer Skin Facial Moisturizer,
I know!!! It's a short season but I'll take what I can get!
I hope so! RT People, don't be afraid to make a change to get to a better place. You can do it.
I wish chong was my dad.
And informs us it's Goya's birthday! Happy birthday old man!
ignore that lol ...
congrats. Is Krause hoarse yet? We're on for tomorrow, details in email.
Me 2. My mom always made 2 dips...1 mayo based, 1 mustard based. I need to call for recipes & make artichokes!
I love this weather!........ Yeyyyy
nah...the old "orange you.." schtick never gets old. Can't go wrong with the classics!
Do the hardest thing for yourself. Stretch. Life starts when you step out of your boundaries.
Hard work, dedication. Shout out to the #MoneyTeam - #FloydMayweather, you're quite an inspiration man.
Those are my favorite articles to write! Pick out two or three fans to think of as you write a line or a paragraph lol
never that got nothin to lie about
In a short while my nail lady will witness the evidence of my sorry attempt to self-pedicure
TWITPIC IT
Hav sumthing nice 2 say!yall alwys cutting othrs up!Say smthing nice!w/o expecting anything in return.Do it cuz its the right way to b!!
Harper told me he is not embarrassed by bat-to-face incident and it would not change the way he plays or reacts to tough games
Your hands might hurt, your heart might ache and you might feel weak. But I believe In you. I love you I truly do.
Two weeks notice! Hello to my weekends again!!!
Why do you act? Really, I want to know...
awe I'm sorry :( that always makes for a bad night of work
Becoming a first time KEXP member.
I'm ready for summer
No, he didn't lose your number. Honey he's just not that into you.
Thanks to all participants in today's special Roundtable discussion! Have more questions? please contact
Are you serious? The #Chevy Cruze has #Facebook feed updates? Why? we have officially reached technology overload status...
Question : is it okay to go to Mifflin and not participate in dangerous, illegal activity? or is the mere attendance unethical?
LOVE that commercial!!
I need a double cheeseburger and hold the lettuce. Don't be frontin son, no seeds on the bun.
I would have went insane if i would have remained the same me
I'll be serving as an usher this AM at the going home service for Sister Beverly Webb. She was a lifelong healthcare professional
or cream cheese!
he was retweeting everyone! I was like Hey, what about us?!
Bored. Gonna go watch the Justin Bieber movie.
I stalk, therefore I am.
It's almost game time! Let's Go Giants!
Aldridge makes that, josh Smith bricks it...
cheers and thanks for having me on the pc pod-chat.
It's got a great rottentomatoes score! A lot of people seem to love it. I really don't understand the appeal
that was a little better
also COOKIE PUSS
Thanks for following Go check out hos work, fun illustrations.
I used to think that I knew what momentum was.......until NOW!! Wow! Blown Away! And so happy for so many!
Great morning and thanks for sharing my articles
You're very welcome Maureen!
A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs. via Funny Hellotxt
Please note that the Byron Janis Convocation, Screening/Reception & Masterclass masterclass is now at 3:30 on Friday (instead of 3 pm)!
I feel Like ill be using #sparknotes my entire life
dude just can't get nun.
There is no moral precept that does not have something inconvenient about it. Denis Diderot (1713 - 1784)
"he is the all time worse crier."
Well , Guess I'll Take My Little Ones To The Park Today .
“: #PBJ40u40 what's in the gift bag?” it's killing me too
You can come here and babysit for us all summer. Lol!!
I can die happy now....“: I like the old-school burrito myself, but that's your call. - Joe”
That's right, I deleted that tweet about the upersonics-Say because I don't want to jinx it. Okay.
we gonna start at 1230
I look forward to reading #BunnyTails! xo
complain complain complain geeze
oh girl...turn around NOW! :)
Just in, iPhone 4 32 GB for AT&T. iOS4 for those looking to unlock them.
Text us next time you go. We're always up for it! My back is always a mess. Some days are better than others. So excited for Mon!
Oh, yum. Want peanut butter. I don't even like coconut, but the chocolate coconut sounds amazing.
Your pic is a true masterpiece sexy mami!
"I'll Have Another" - What Obama said after eating a dog and the winner of the Kentucky Derby.
very excited to be writing for the examiner in Providence soon! on educational technology...
Fiesta Bowl winners get a world-class education; oh, wait...that's 2nd prize: “: At least our grads are employable. #exceptme”
Listening to the Washington/Mississippi State game at the gallery, trying out twitter for the first time.
inspiring talk! So glad to have you as a part of #Tribecon !
Exactly. I know about the risks and the trouble with stalkers. But I still thought that article was pretty interesting.
Truth....those roles fall into the "sob story genre". How do we break the mold?
aww shiiit! I HAVE to go see that!
In Atlantic City girls weekend getaway once more. Not the same. Economy sucks!
Thanks Lynn. Much obliged. p.s. My Twitter use is random and sporadic, hence the delay.
Why didn't you bitches tell me that Project Runway was on?!
creeping, thats cool?
these last few weeks of school are gonna kill me -___- can't wait till it's freaking over!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm curious, how many mayor campaigns agree that anon or attack dog feeds have ruined #sfmayor feed and hurt SF? It's a shame.
hell yeah dude.
So what the hell is up in the land of politic$? I was numb most of today after stupor tuesday....
no way it clearly favors the prosecution. O'Mara is really good. he'll likely inject doubt in every shred of evidence.
Wii Bowling! <3
hungry & heading to lulu's.join me if you want..otherwise ill drop by here&now show afterwards.
Hey, I can watch Better Off Dead on this plane. Not the most encouraging title but still...
Hosting at Lux right now with my girl with music by
Get your long run in this weekend and continue to build a great base for your fall marathon, The Indianapolis Monumental Marathon!
Everytime I go through airport security, I think of him. Everytime my Arab Americans are pulled aside to be searched, I think of him.
still no pizza dude, so for now im jammin out to drink in my hand
I'm going to BWI to greet the #Orioles! Who's with me?
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 84
Eat too much at Thanksgiving? Try our Mini Pollo Verde Burrito today--$6.50
RIP junior seau
they'd be idiots not to id em.
now i'm too excited to sleep. it's my birthday, not Christmas.
"laura, do you need a bra CAM-ISS?" (aka bra cami) ohh, jordan... :)
don't worry be happy...Prosser back up
Downloading 's #TheWindow once I get home from being out w/ my mom
Good morning..... afternoon, Los Angeles.... Where shall we adventure today?
Last time the colts won, I took a piccolo snare to church.
What a day.
you a bitch, bitch.
a very vague tweet. What is this in reference to?
What also drove me nuts was when I'd read a magazine and someone spelled it as "Cal Ripkin"
If Your Reading This Mikey I Wanted To Tell You I Love You So Much(: This Is How long I Will Love You. 8 8 8 Infinite 8 8 8
i think that about sums it up...WTF?!?! who thinks this is a good idea?
The vegan cupcake arrived Perfect day
Google's homepage is dedicated to him today ha
Success is when reality catches up to your imagination.
what's up my friend... missed you in DC you still on tour?
How do you create community as a leader? Celebrate the little things as well as the big wins.
Ok so I guess this iPad really is messed up..I can't get it to turn on..tried everything. Any tips??
Doing very well, thanks! Enjoying the hell out of our LA weather today! How is school coming along? What's your major?
madness is the new black
lol im nt rly sure if its good or bad...
Question from an audience member: "Games for learning? Like 'Who Wants to be a Millionaire?'" Well... No. Goodness no.
has an unnatural obsession with breakfast foods
Where are you thinking??
your better then on his signature saying ! Go Dahvie!
God i love the Marty chants. You have gotta love the MSG crowd
Today's life lesson: Almost no one has more power to screw things up than a lawyer.
"Beyonce- Irreplaceable" remember this !!!!!
RT : A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.
If the fog doesn't clear maybe could swing by and get you in his #SMILEcon go-cart.
Contest time! Here's the deal: Our 200th follower will receive a $20 gift certificate! We'll ALSO give one away to one lucky follower (cont)
Get your TAN ON! *Grab a bottle of Carmel Coated lotion for only $25!!! Mystic Instant Tans are 5 for $55!!! Specials for TODAY ONLY!*
There is a hidden meaning behind all events, and this hidden meaning is serving your own evolution
Oh yea, great acting against Tyson Chandler the other day. Impeccable brilliance! RT : LeFlop fo sho
Man idk y my body is so sore
oh god, i shudder to think of that prospect
New music video comes out tomorrow...
#thevoice is rigged. Why is it that two guys with existing singing gigs win?
No room for flaws I see
Pls warn if Lovitz is going to co-host, so can skip that HBO. Brad, Bill, Catherine are SO good when Kev is out. Even Ace ok
This rapper is doing his thing
Planning a party/special event? We know how to party! Let us show you & your guests the best way to capture the occasion. Contact us today!
I love my kids, but some days I just don't want to be a 9 yr old boy with them.
Talking to Rj nd he said he dedicated a song to me then outta my system starts playin,so i hung up nd he texted me with a broken heart! :(((
how did the exam go?
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
working out while being sick surprisingly makes me feel a bit better
My Brother got on my phone and unfollowed 2O People -.-
Icant wait.. Tomorrow I see my love
has been extremely exhausted all day long, didnt nap so i would go to bed early it's not 2:30 am so much for that...
We want to know- Who has already signed up for the #delmarmudrun?
Thanks for the love @ LQ last night
thanks for the tip! Currently studying Cuba in one of my IR classes. I miss you!
^missed but maybe I catch him rising the vator in his building. Also wonder if he knows my pal
Still can't hold any food down :(
Kicking off #WRAD early with a visit from storyteller Megan Hicks, better known as the Origami Swami
...when writers only have more distractions.
That's clearly your "imagined community." :-) Mine's smaller--a Venn diagram of publishing people, fans, Japanists, scholars.
The smartest thing about paying $4 for a bottle of smart water is that you can refill it and look like you're ballin with your tap water.
I AM!! RT Who else is excited to see #U2 at FedEx Field tonight?
Most welcome -- B
kelly calm your tits
Wasted season #Packers so much for a dynasty
POTUS at Georgetown waterfront, set to address workers on importance of infrastructure investment at 11:30
Don't use environment variables for setting up assembly references. Two versions of the same solution have to use the same variable(s)
Denver needs to pack up and go home
they cn be rude too (very rude)
New Year's Eve won't be the same without
lets have a good week everyone
in schools
Just celebrated our 16th. Doc says I have sleep apnea. You make me wonder if it might be a strategically placed pillow?
to all my sweet tweet's log in and sign up : www.coalitiontosaveamerica.com come on and let 's do it together.WE ARE CALLED AMERICANS!!!!!!!
no dramas cane farmer? no big deal or no problem, right? Think the sleep helped. LOL.
no fun
yea I can't stand "diva" behavior especially from kid and teen actors. I was raised in the south what can I say ha
Haha, what are you doing over on the east side?! You're not far from my house lol.
where do we sign?
Had fun at the fair today! Got to see a pig race and see goofy animals haha
Hey #SLAMR friends & fans, make sure you 'like' our #fb page goo.gl/KxFhv for relay info, runners looking for teams & giveaways!!
chile, NO. I was trying to track some luggage for
Great event! RT : For those of you lucky enough to be coming to the IWC party tonight prepare to be blown away!
Mitt should release his college transcripts, & do it with a flourish.": Dems re: Romney's "secrecy,"
Gotta love OT wins. Only being able to gamecast from school makes it that much more nerve racking
finding myself annoyed by the inconsistencies in the #cataloging of my pubic library--some titles r capitalized like sentences others arent
Thanks for following. Hope I have something to say.
EEk...just realized my Twiiter account unfollowed lots of my friends...so sorry, it wasn't me!!!
My mom asked me if I wanted a weave .....O.o
“: love is another kind of warfare”<<~~~emotional warfare
3.5 hours into #standingatwork competition—All contestants still on their feet ( ).
thanks for UTube vid on the fascia congress, fascinating!
Triangulating with tax cuts. Cantor visualizing himself at the podium.
Good to see Nimoy back on
ocean's 11 son. We're not buying anything.
Why you gotta be so far, u is too fine. In America.
congrats to the ladies of for another amazing year!
neither really! i just thought it was interesting.
Heard that's great. I have been trying to see it for weeks! Maybe I'll make it this weekend.
Thank you so much for everything today!! LOVED it and all the food :) AWESOME party planner!!! See you tomorrow!
howdy doody hope all is well
Well keep me updated, there are is a Facebook page dedicated to Aaron's work and some stuff on ebay.
Sign of the times that when I hear West Bank I think Gaza.
Microwave Nachos Homemade nachos in less than 10 minutes? Yes, it's entirely possible with this super easy microwave nachos recipe . All
Twitter I've been neglecting you
Man for real MCA being gone fucked up my day.
I think you are being twitter creeped best friend & not by me! :P
Thanks to for including us at tonight's "Schools on the Brink" forum!
#worldwide #unsigned #artists #producer #DJ #rapper #singer upcoming #models #comedians #entertainers alike for more exposure get @ me
Driving back to #Atl from tally. Long and boring in this rain
I haven't seen anything! I thought he'd have it ready for the presenters by now...idk
I love green $AAPL's on a day like this.
And who misused your/you're.
A member of the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee criticises banks for not lending enough to businesses and asks if they are "ris
c'mon Falcons
Lol at spelling Lana's name wrong!
Driving to Portland tomorrow and picking CDs (yes I'm old skool like that) which U2 album should I take?
Don't worry about the people in your past,there is a reason they didnt make it to your future
I switched to tweetchat from tweetdeck, easier to keep up
Yankee gaame tomorrow:)
finished it in 6 hours?!?! dear lord, it must be good!!!
Whole Foods & PCC, quit pretending your prepared meals are organic. Ask at the deli counter - what they say..its too expensive to do that!
no but i have a bunch of other shoes in 10
ah then you're forgiven! :D
that would be good but... i'm the whitest girl out there haha
<U+200E>. i hope you don't mind if i say what i feel ..
Years ago mentor taught me New England only has 3 months good weather From him I also learned studio photography where sun is always shining
WHOA AM I REALLY DAT WET?
Ice Cream done right, locally, by Cedar Crest. One scoop only $1.99 only today.
The very end of 2nd street?
Looking for a way to get out of doing the leg work for that upcoming graduation party? We are your one-stop shop! www.sazs.com
Just watched a man take half a watermelon out a produce bin, take several bites from it, and replace said watermelon half.
Twista- overnight celebrity
FESU Will be taking our songs to the stage headlining Mercury Lounge in NYC on December 5th. Cupcakes will be served. Damn Right!!!
Watching the Malice at the Palace, Ron Artest doesn't really do that much..
Shout out to gurl tho, she me and my niggas favorite hoe!
Teaching Generation M is listed as one of VOYA's "Essential Books for Professionals Who Serve Teens."
The spirit of a hustler and the swagger of a college kid.
haha no worries
Pacers beat Heat IN MIAMI BISHHH! So proud of George Hill! <3
You Can't Explain Something To Somebody If They Don't Want To Listen.
#slpeeps what is your method for getting carryover to happen? My old methods don't seem to be working as well?
Geometry, I hate that.
I am always doing things I can't do. That is how I get to do them.
Rita Rudner~ Neurotics build castles in the air psychotics live in them. My mother cleans them.
Kevin bot knows
So the debate has shifted from jobs to the debt ceiling...again! Hurry up November 6
Congrats to for their continued success!!
wow, best name on twitter! I love it!
- Enjoyed watching you play for the DUCKS this year. I wish you the best in the future!
after some hours of Mexican music and fireworks, neighbors blasting The Cure greatest hits album for Cinco de Mayo afterparty
Great. TB Rays are in Detroit all week (where I just left) & the Orlando Rays changed names to the Biscuits & moved to Montgomery, AL :(
IM BLACK!
...which can actually warp the architecture of the brain in ways that make these children more vulnerable to anxiety and depression ...
Check out Juilliard Jazz All Stars, After Hours at Dizzy's Club Coca Cola, April 12th through 16th! www.jalc.org/dc/c_afterhours09.asp
They want a lady on the street but a freak in the bed;)
Please pray for his family. They are morning, but know he is in a much better place in God's loving arms. He will be missed by many.
No problem, glad to help spread the word. No suggestions in particular at the moment. Very informative, easy to navigate. Me like!
My wife is job searching (banking/finance) in the KC. Any way of making sure the right people see her application?
Just paid my phone bill. I have had 959 texts in 10 days. Hooray for unlimited plans!
What's the most creative thing you've done recently?
It's not too late to place your order for Customized Calendars for 2012.. Call NYC Printing 123 for more information at 646.833.8085/...
Starbucks, oh how I love thee.
very true but he's been having those good moments also!!!
ha ha!! The difference between the #pats and #sox. #pats always give you a chance not like this crap that's on the field!!!
Have to send my OWN #FollowFriday to and Pretty awesome teenage bloggers! We have to stick together!
i keep listening to 60's 70's music man and i am not even from that time i am 23. this music keeps me happy every day
I believe Spring weather has officially arrived and it feels GREAT!!!
My weekends always blow. Playing virtual fighter.
Stepping on class sucks:(
": Hope everyone has a wonderful Easter #Heisrisen"
You getting pedal-prepared for Pelotonia?
Back of shirt: "Don't pass me....I'm not in your age group"
Word to the wise: hot choc car bomb at has chocolate in it. cc/
Yes! Next gen library administration allow for experimentation and are not afraid of failure.
yay! Me too! See you ladies tonight for a margarita:)
Thanks man! Yeah, hoping it won't be too long!
Just bought my #CincinnatiReds tickets!
You left out how it worked out master...we crave some wisdom!! :)
Ugh came home to a stuffy apartment. It's spring now. We're in Texas.
Just saw "pina" as it is finally out in san francisco theatres. To Americans who probably never got to see her dances-go see it now!!!
seriously?!?! Birth control in the hands of old men. Give me a break! I need to rethink my vote in nov
Exactly what CMS in education need to focus on...the mashup!
I'm starting to really love church a lot. Having something to believe in; God. >
Happy New Year everyone!!!!!
Just saw Ben Stiller in #nyc, nbd.
Welcome to !
what is that
I already posted that to! Gosh keep up! Haha just kidding!
What's it going to be, are you willingly walking away from this?
#directionerproblems when you have to explain how the boys are gay, but they are.
shower time(: then school tomorrow..ugh
Not gonna miss you when you're dead & gone.
text me
let's be honest the anaconda vice would be in your future.
#mycrushof2011 woman that can play sax *fans myself* lol
I remember I bought that. Smh. RT : Fuck I'm doing listnen to the Da Band album bruh
Ah, the lovely smell of spring and trash swirling in the wind.
RT OMG WAIT AM I TRIPPIN?????? I THOUGHT TODAY WAS MONDAY???? WAIT WHAT DAY IS IT? 1 minute ago from web
So if Coco goes does a MiLB rehab, can we just not tell him when the bus leaves?
Have you gotten your PS bumper sticker? Send us a pic of where you put your sticker & receive 1 free order of breadstix!...
o ok. how
Oops. :/ RT : You better have been enjoying the hell out of Alki today. This weather is perfect.
...great white buffalo...
Lol no. I think I was just looking at someone's twitter and I started following random people they were following.
I did the SAME THING! lol!
lol! I was at UCLA studying Japanese when he died. :(
Whenever I hit the grocery store, without fail, I hear the All-American Rejects and some band would approve of.
I can't get over DMX on Couples Therapy on VH1 B...
if you forget why you're doing something or lose inspiration, it helps to remember the original event or person that first inspired you.
HELP change her mind! Shes trying to commit suicide! Please help! Please!! Somehow just help!
Turnovers, turnovers, turnovers
Every act you have ever performed since the day you were born was performed because you wanted something.
Just played for the first time! It's awesome! We should get a thing going. I wonder if & would join...?
Drunk?! Where is Dakota? I'm callin CPS 0_0
Lie down with dogs and you wake up with a raise and a promotion
Nothing formal, but galleries will be open. de la Cruz collection and others have things planned.
ToddHeap shows his love for B-more by taking out ad thanking fans. He could further show his love by scoring me some fantasy points.
Thanks for the shout out ! We are very proud of our fully loaded brunch! We also cater brunch, so have it at your house or ours!
that's ok I prayed for you baby! U'll do ok in life as soon as you find one I promise you :)
If the BCS wants to make the title game more like the Super Bowl, the only way that's a good thing is if the kickoff is moved up to 6:29 ET.
he be trolling like crazy on fb and be stalking me...i put up a lms and 1 sec later "Matthew Kelly has liked your status"
HA HA! YOUR MOM!
party in the city...
well obvi. that dumb shirt. but imma wear a black tank top under it. And if its warm i'll wear shorts. Wbu?
wow little man is busier than super mom lol
In Lunch want to go home sick:(
um wait ... is that a good thing?
“: Why is the coffee that hotels provide in the room always so bad? #Hiltonhotels” because it was ground months ago.
watching it now lol
An educated people can be easily governed
I have a Chinese mfgr client looking to acquire electric motor technology for use in tractors, locomotives, ships, etc. Any info DM me.
thank you
im so in love with you riqht now (:
is in urgent need of a funny monologue 2 minutes or under.
Oh dear I am going to barf. #skeptic watching
In one version of a speculative future, yoga rooms may replace airports entirely...
you need help alright!!!!!
If your really on your job you are all the way ahead of the game. Im getting ready for august of this year.
that's awesome so u think u could hook me up with some tickets to see fulham an man u play
That is weird
Mongoloids tonight!
haha that's awesome. I'm glad to be a fresh-faced eager student. :)
has started and I have been at it non stop since then
#libchat Q2 we allow moderated reviews to be posted in opac. I answered before but autocorrect split my lib chat tag up.
I will sunshine. Thanks.
After years of careful thought, it is my belief that "Genius of Love" by Tom Tom Club is about black dick.
Candlelit Valentine's Day dinner at our kitchen table. Empanadas, champagne, perfection.
are u a guy
That is not right lol thanks babe
Yeah. I put on a condom every night, just to remind myself.
Sometimes when people tweet, I think it's about me but then again people think mine are about them. It's a vicious cycle :( Oh, Twitter...
I am just now reviewing NSF apps. You are in my pile if you are still looking for feedback. Let me know/send new version?
I type things into Google to see If I spelled them correctly.
"When the winds of change blow, some build walls and others build windmills."--Proverb I mostly see wall-making right now.
Updated my status and he liked my status in less than 5 seconds ;O
Cal wants to thank the team for letting him throw the first pitch today. Ford wants to apologize for his 'tude. Go Heels!...
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese... Mouse Traps only kill the early bird...get it lol
Sad 4 Them Daisy.Its Problems
I can't believe how much attention is paid to people that are late with their taxes, you realize these people are late with everything!
Thanks to GCC and the crowd at Fairmount Temple tonight. Justice,compassion and accountability is my goal.#prosecutor cuyahogacounty.
Watching harry potter 7 pt 1 in preparation for tomorrows midnight showing!!!
I wonder if my dog understands that my parents are married and Im their son or if he thinks we're just a bunch of friends that live together
Heading onto the set til 9:30 EST, keep me posted on the #caps #rangers match-up!
#INeverUnderstood What you saw in him... And look how it ended!
Bitch move seriously fucking old people I swear
I try to stay away from the straight-up sniglets but sometimes they're too fun.
Come out Tonight and lets kick off the weekend right! 6pm
But, hey ! At least those kids would eat well with all that
hahaha, I was even confused about that part! But I'll let you know <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Still cnt find my damn glasses, smh my eyes ne killing me
Another busy day,night spent #downtownvegas with my man and drinks Now off to bed..nite,nite.
At the end of the day the day I still got me thats all I need, thats all I want :)-
thanks! You are too. Are we friends on RN too?
Time to show the #Chargers how to #BeGreat! Go Pack Go have a great game today!! GnY!!
Im chooseing outfit one as my primary.
Don't Be Sorry Ho Be Careful
Wondering what the fine people of the motorcity think of megatron/Cjohnson doing an ad for a japanese car company?
On wings of rolling flame, We Ride
hahaha going hard?
If you are over the age of 18 & still love pokemon u need to grow up
Putting off plucking my eyebrows..
and my dad are bonding
Life size shark would be the best thing ever. And it would be your carry-on.
thanks im go check that link out......and thanks for liking my show ;)
I walk around just sayin' your naammee
Is thinking small safe?
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 :D
my bad. I can't keep all your baseball trips straight.
about to auction off a Sony PSP 3000!
Today's Highlight in History: On May 18, 1926, evangelist Aimee Semple McPherson vanished while visiting a beach in Venice, Calif.
Hip Hop workshop at Powerhouse in Wheeling Thursday 7pm -hope to see you all there!
It was a good time. Didn't even plan on a PR...didn't plan on running it even...registered Thursday night! :-)
Yooo we gon shut it down again tonight!!!
awesome! Congrats on your graduation!
Police:mam the neighbors called worried someone was getting killed all they heard was a girl screaming prince your kiling me
Project X 2 RT : Bounce house getting delivered to the castle as we speak. Dear friends, COME OVER TONIGHT!!!!!!
Thanks for the linkage!
Lets think about our future. What will they have if we continue to live in a world ruled by fossil fuels? Lets move toward
RT : You are my 100th follower! Congratulations!!! (Thank You Sir... It's an honor!)
25. I'M A HOMEBODY. Love to chill at home.
Now go own another presentation tonight!
What the hell kinda name is "Mitt," anyway? Well, it does rhyme with "twit...."
Thanks. I checked out your blog. Is the background photo your place?
Most women has eyes for Robin Thicke
I love how someone wants to act hard once they get around alot of people.
#FWYH come ask me
..would you forgive your enemies?
is back from last year! "To learn to think, is to learn to live"
Opening Day for Z, clinic with Oscar, adult beverages with fun people... a good day all the way around.
kiss my ass
Diving into coding up the sound design GUI for the VST Instrument.
thanks for the follow! If you ever come across some great vintage graphic design, send us pics for vintagemeohmy.com :)
RT : Can't decide which is worse being on... Schindler's List or Craigslist?
Blueberries Lane
is Doing BIG THINGS INTERNATIONAL w/US #StrangersFamilyTour Hottest South Asian Beats
nigga i cant call u on twitter and wake u up -__- oh and sorry :/ wont happen again..
Well my bracket was ruined by #FSU #Duke #Mizzou and #MichiganState... But my National Championship is still alive.
I miss the people I shouldn't miss.
Time for a Smoke =P
I will fight you!
I DONT THINK YOU REALIZE HOW FUCKING EXCITED I AM.
of course you can!
I still follow you :)
TONIGHT - DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Play the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Danceclub!!
Tough Mudder you are officially crazy lol..looks like fun tho! Yeah I hope to leave soon maybe an hr or so..
Where have you been??
Starving:(( ...this diet is killing me
is my hero
Horford shaking the rust off his elbows.
Loving the absolute Twitterverse revulsion to this USF game
Hands-on with the Dell Streak 7 tablet
Sparky going do this. Just feel a big upset today.
oh. Well he could be. I get shy a lot... haha
#HappyLeapDay! Doing anything special to celebrate?
Bases loaded!! Granderson up! Let's go boys!!
Sounds delightful! Any honeysuckle to perfume the air?
I love you more.
Of course! I would consider it an honor :)
what did Mary told you?
on 15th has been restocked with epic cookie-ness.
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
To find joy in work is to discover the fountain of youth. Pearl S. Buck
It's about time politicians and analysts balanced US economics against the rest of the world. Example: 20 countries pay more for gas..
What class? RT : Can't believe I am excited to start summer school at the end of this month
Glad to have Doo home for snuggles and hugs. Now we all need to get and stay healthy!
#RT if your missing someone right now
1 of the best! RT : Big Thank You to Dr. David Porter of Methodist Sports for fixing ankle.So thankful for his skills!
We've had some urinary issues with our pugs and I think the cranberry treats are helping :-)
Excuse the douche .... oh wait
just support for Peyton manning just like me we still a die hard colts fan :)
CONGRATS! I am super impressed about this
I miss that strawberry fizz too..
Jessie J - Sometimes Dreams Come True (Unreleased Song 2011) - Send to friends
Its Crazy How SomeOne Who Love You Say Some Of.The Shit I Heard Last Night
Yay I got a job interview tomorrow :D
At a #constantcontact #cityofchicago social marketing seminar
What the Lord has placed in you, is the very thing that's suppose to change the world! We need you...
Experienced my first migraine ever today. NEVER. AGAIN. kthx.
Amazing and unforgettable night in #baltimore last night. Going to miss this town.
Denver public library I love
#mentionyourcrush Ian Harding/Chris Evans/Ryan Reynolds <3
RT : My girl, the brill is sharing her experience today on #wgbiz - topic: personal branding
Need some pop bands for a showcase in november! Email
so close ... shifting focus between "bring that chicken home" and final project
I need to lose weight.
Free open gym continues tonight from 5-10pm! Just bring your JagTag and de-stress from finals!!!
every day the wings play I don't wear underwear, shhh don't tell my co workers at
Bears lose by 5. That 6 pt swing at the end of the half was a killer.
#iwishihad enough ?? to make sure every homeless and poor person was ok
dude, u get me all excited that ur on, thinkin ill get some of the love, but ...NO, country women need love too! :'(
just broke down and bought your jersey today...confident you'll stay...I hope lol
Woot woot! :) thanks, it's gonna be awesome
New Yorkers are rude!!!
Oh yea... this is what its like to be a Dodger fan. We were almost starting to forget!
It can't be easy to make digital distro both more expensive and less convenient than physical.
Well....Farley would know.
Now craving ice cream in the worst way. Chances of being allowed an ice cream bout in the library....
haha my day was kinda boring.
Beer - it's not just for breakfast anymore
Happy easter erryone!!!
Friday, working in Brentwood on a large front yard hardscape and pool project.
Perfect day in #Austin. Think it's a work from the back porch kind of day!
I know right
That's great! Send them along: mcdermott[at]jhu[dot]edu
I don't know if what they are doing is legit or not, but their aggressive response wasn't what you'd expect from a business
Got the director I really wanted. In pre-production for my film. Yeah!!
Hahaha ! RT : corrected : My religion is very simple. My religion is glitter - Dalai trauma
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe not to get attached to young black girls
you are too kind, my friend. You are truly
EEEP!! He said I love you too!! My day has been made
thank you :)
I dare you to try and name 3 things better than a cherry icee.
Have fun storming the mall! Say hi to Claire's for me.
#liber2011 Not just library usage; can't pull apart from how courses are taught, faculty's contribution. But definitely a link w/ lib usage.
where u going out at?
I was so pumped to be home for about five seconds then I walked in the door and Quinn starts an argument...#sisterforsale takers?
Never said she was,?
#ReasonsToLoveTexas and are from there
Claire, you kill me! Ha. “: Mitt Romney's son, Tag!!!! Hubba Hubba!!”
Lifting my guitar & case above my head to get through a turnstyle, then running up the stairs to make approaching train
will do!
Burning man last night couldn't have had more hippsters and minors bumming cigarretts!
Iuvycfvuhgvb you're so good at writing
For all those traveling to #Portland for the 2012 #WPSA meeting, we'd like to offer you a warm welcome to our fine city!
do YOU follow ?! Love it.
#alliwant for xmas is a gift card to
Thanks!!! W Hopefully we can tour everywhere!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 59
Breaking: Investigation the founder of uber-cool SF startup who once had a connecting flight in PDX en route to NY.
what inspired you to follow me? can i tell i like bacon too?
Hate not knowing what to do.
YES!!! Say hi to Mary Alice!
Glad I could help!
Follow Falling Forwards !
Truth. RT : IRS Should send librarians at least one free-drink coupon in every shipment of tax forms
Hello fellow indian, Do you by chance know when your special will be playing in the good ole' USA?
I GOTA DIG BICK... WRONG READ DAT... YOU READ DAT WRONG TOO
Mwahaha just friended coworker that starts next week on Facebook. So excited!!!
so, today CU got an extension from NASA while CSU is celebrating the anniversary of their bug club... a bug club. seriously. via
2 news sources stated PS was meeting w/ DOJ yesterday. Pokerstars made a statement that they will comment when talks are over.
Thanks for the follow - look forward to seeing your tweets!
pink dolphin
Either my height or taller then me has good grades and treats a girl like a princess and will actually like me for me and . . .
hey, do you remember any of the examples of continuities mr.cyr gave us for the ccot? I can't remember any :(
I feel like now is the time to be afraid. Be careful what you ask for.
Very good career choice! RT : rocking out to instead of working
Honduras just put one foot into the Olympic soccer tournament.
Yo Momma So Fat When She Sat On An Ipod She Made It An Ipad.
Black Dog Animal Rescue :)
Turn heel, for the love of God.
and that's why us bananas love you so much ^_^
In a waterfall delivery, progress reports are on intangibles–designs & code that are not complete.
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate cats
Wow Corinne. Thanks for making me feel like a bitch for not giving your daughter sweets.
gotcha bro! DM me ya email so we can take the world by storm!
Finished writing another song for the EP titled "Blackout" I am so excited! Stay tune for more info!
that's quite a name..
LOL! Patriot Sea Goyls definitely leave their dropping in unexpected destinations.
... Wondering if your smoothies are really all natural with no preservatives?
"You can't fit a square peg in a round hole" You can if the diagonal of the square is less than the diameter of the circle
hey girl plz help me get 100+ followers
Been past that water tower MANY MANY times.... :)
In contrast, the disorder is “situational” if the delayed ejaculation is limited to certain situations or with certain partners.
Only slept 4 hrs and feeling pretty good lol! Have a good weekend everyone =)
Always knew Mickey Hatcher had a vendetta against Albert Pujols.
We are giving away 25 pairs of tix to ZZ Top/Lynyrd Skynyrd as well as our grand prize a pair of FLOOR PASSES TO ZAC BROWN BAND!
Alright, Ill deliver your gift from me to you soon
When I'm alone I think of so many things to say to you. When I have a chance to tell you, I go speechless.
Nope not intense at all. Feeling great! RT : Thx for follow, glad to be connected...Paleo huh, is that intense?
but for sure u missing somethingz! ;-)
Bought a wicked red dress covered in little white skulls and anchors from Hot Topic. Let's add my worn combat boots, shall we?
Who's dropping by Hennesseys tonight for some tournament #beerpong?
Thanks for the FF love!
Who has 4th period lunch?
#FEDUP To stop NAT'L DEBT/Debt Ceiling RISE, HAVE 2 CUT Annual Budget 2 point where SPENDING = INCOME. ANY Deficit grows DEBT/Debt Ceiling!
Happy Pi Day! Make sure to tell your favorite round objects how much you appreciate their ratios! :)
all i really want to do is write all day and read and narrate things in my mind...writing=affliction...
If you insist on being committed to your music, this will help you greatly.....www.outwardvisions.com/straight-ahead-ebook/
Bet it smells like Jimmy Carter down there
Peggy Noonan: proof that a person who is not very bright can write beautifully.
I followed.
One more win LA.
why is it better?
I hear ya. Sucks. How you been?
Due to quake and some customers I'm munching on a glazed chocolate chip cookie from the cake shop I work Yum
Pizza Rolls >>>
M&A Tip of the Day-Make sure the M&A firm you hire to sell your co. has a securities license.Since 2005 rescission rights became effective
Turn a $250 investment to $1650 within 30 days in a biz that provides Savings in 27 States, would I have ur attention? Call 1-646-397-9817
Do you judge a company by it's online presence or website? I need to know..
Attention #CTA : we have smart phones and Train Tracker now. No point in lying about the phantom train immediately following.
nah not really. Shee, wish I looked good enough to do porn. Lol
the round blue fox waslked past the lazy dog.
I am the Jonas brothers.
Excited to talk about things that change our perspective in home group tonight! Love my group!
lol, i know... gotta love a little office rivalry though. if i have to hear about her carolina blue all day, ya know....
Darren collision is playing some very good ball. Hope your watching !! Haha
Swingfest 2010 is in Orlando Fl. You may want to come a day or two early, so you can visit the long list of theme parks Orlando has to offer
Enjoying at #KMLECountryThunder. Excited for & tonight!!!
#ConfessionNight I have somewhat of a foot fetish.
ESPN's show open makes a big deal out of Kemp's two homerun night. Whatever intern is logging the Brewers game needs to speak the Hell up!!
lol thanks your calling me a old fuck
Hm it all depends. How shiny?
Of course, we do what we can. Some have become true friends : thanks for caring when the rest of society wont.
<3 I love you
#nowplaying: The Return of the Jitney Man from 'Metamorphosen' by
head over to and vote for #Iaintnoquitter !!
Figured out how to edit some ContentDM PHP code today. Way too excited about this, but don't get to play with code much now as manager.
I70 westbound starting to slowly move; get back in your car
Dream the impossible and live the life you imagined. Why settle for anything less?
Psychically prepared for connecting flight back to
Indonesia in da house!! Thank you!!!!! RT “: Happy birthday Karina, keep beautiful. Luv u :*”
when I apologized? Nope!
Happy Wednesday! Remember to do 1 random act of kindness today.try it!
It was nice to see you on #TigersLive. You look good in that jersey:)
I was looking for bloomers for boys. I actually tried 2 shop local but only found them 4 girls also tried Etsy but 2 expensive
I need a date for the drive-in! All my dates bailed for a sunny day at the beach. (totally understandable but bummer for me)
Remember: I'm around Thanksgiving Weekend, for those of you with cats who are going away!
All actors wanna be singers and all singers wanna be actors.
awesome! Today is definitely going to be a good day!
“: Morning Lori ” Thanks for the mention!
Not easy but very rewarding! :) RT : Feliz día a todas las mamás! not easy to be a mom, a wife, a friend and have a career
I honestly thought Sullivan was joking when he suggested Jefferson could figure out Jesus' true teachings better than scripture!
"Do you have constant persistance?"
Eat only grass fed animals instead of forced grain fed . They contain higher amounts of vitamin C, E, beta carotene & health promoting fats
Money is not the goal. Money has no value. The value comes from the dreams money helps achieve.
I will definitely do that.. You and are just so dang cute!
ESPN is reporting that Michael Finley from the San Antonio Spurs will be released.
okay pretty ricky
#20bandsilove Black Eyed Peas
SMH @ these gas prices
“: It's a good show, actually.” Agreed
read the last one
#cnndebate Mitt Romney won the debate tonight.
Started with 10k. 10,125 after level one. ABC. Great turnout here come down if you are on the fence !!!
There is NOTHING wrong with bragging on your kids. Brag on!
. TY for follow. How far are you from Cincy?
If arianna is bummy then I am too.
county canvass today RT : #ncpol final absentee deadline was Monday, 2101 votes to be added to county totals today
wasn't excited when they called it Twilight.
It'd be great if you didn't touch me in the morning. Seriously. Do not touch me.
Hot Latino mess
You're only hurting yourself with your bitterness. For your own sake, learn from it, & let it go.
We ran out of those...
how sweet! Thank you!
bitches be crazy!
So true :) but thats why ppl like u.
it is only 10 & 11 in the home markets. I'm ok with that.
I am seriously so tired of my hair. I'm tempted to cut almost all of it off after school. Anybody have hairstyle suggestions? Lol.
Yer sister is a shirt hustla. Let me know next time + we'll set it up better. Great set! Good times on el radio
ah, wish I was home! -- from Chicago.
. did you see Steve Harvey's "Think Like A Man," cause I'd like to see you do that review?
what should i get you for graduation? #LetsSee :)
Maybe like everywhere.
Nash was slightly more efficient on offense, but that can be attributed to a significantly lesser usage %.
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
chats with Judy Smith, the inspiration for #Scandal on #ABC -- Tune-in Sunday on #washingtonwatch 11am ET/PT.
killin it as always! cant wait to hear man! Get it in!
Folks aint got no life like y u playing on my phone
The jury of the 99% finds the corporate pig GUILTY!
dang! bitch slapped right outta hurrrr!
heard its your birthday! Have a great one!
Thanks! I'll check those out
Let's just say I think peace signs have been overly used. Seriously.....
RIP Joey Vento-Took on Freedom of Speech & Won! #winner His Famous Sign-"This is America. When ordering, speak English"
so support for the ordinance means that Carl believes it's equitable? How's that kool aid taste?
i barely tweet need 2 tweet more
hehe, i'm still here
Q: Solid Monopoly game strategies? A: Take all the pieces b4 the game starts--then make other players buy them from you to play
Really not looking forward to resetting all the clocks.
"Every day is a good day when you run." via
What is your favorite #bukowski novel?
That awkward moment when someone isn't as cute as you thought ...
I LOVE The One, one of my favorite Kylie songs.
Great idea for the Contagion promotion! Cutting-edge OOH.
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one nowww
Kill them all
#DesireThursdays- What part of yourself is whispering your name, wanting you to unfurl?
Another day of great wisdom! You keep the thinking man thinking! Thank You!
#HOWTOPISSAMANOFF WEAR SLUTTY CLOTHES AROUND HIS FRIENDS
Only the 6th time an 8 seed gas upset a 1 seed. Thats like Duke losing to Lehigh thus year. Pretty crazy bro
guess he is one of those people not following you. hahaha.
you can do a million different things as an org. or museum w/ pinterest boards. I could pin all day long :)
But when I sit and think about it baby, all of my dreams are bigger than you..shine on!
would that I could, bubba.
Please email and we can help. 140 characters isn't enough :)
including students
Thanks Love<3 wish you could be there:)
Something handmade? By you or someone on etsy....
Rule number 1 was just broken..no number 2's on the bus #c'moncoach
OMG I got offered possible positions at Louis Vuitton and/or Prada AAHHHHHH, In OC.
May issue now out on iTunes store: bonus photo galleries, 360 views.
#askharry which one of your bracelets is your favorite?
my bed has to be made just right before i can get comfy
Thanks, Susan! It's been fun. So great seeing you in Minneapolis.
Relationship? How about just sex plz! : Just because a guy doesn't speak English...it doesn't mean you c ...
What's Up
Oh No! I reached my following limits. I can't follow more people! Please follow me or give me S/O to ur followers..
ill be landing in Phoenix in 14 hours! Cant wait!
Court...whites man justice
I think i watch this show every night. They also expanded to a Texas version now
lol wats a vacation? neva heard of that one b4, i wish
hell yeah i'm gonna get my party on tomorrow
Funny how after single digit temperatures, 78 feels hot. Not complianin' just sayin'.
Of course!
Opening drive down the field and a Score!!! #GoBrowns!!
HA no you don't have to do that :) I just want to see it really
There is no single social graph! It is always plural! FB wants you think it is only them!
Whew. My brain feels better. Got me some DQ.
I think serving in the military is the hardest job. RT : Being a mom is both the hardest AND best job. RT if you agree.
Wow... Reaaaaallllllyyyyy jealous. But, I gotta ask, did 'x give it to you?
Good luck to you and your sore knee(s) I know that pain, and it is TERRIBLE! I'm so glad it's not your wrist, though!
Just registered for #sxsh social health meeting in Philly next Monday. Can't wait!
Wow, is Tiger Woods the new John Daley? Quits when he's having a bad round, WTH?
Reggie Evans looks like a smedium Kimbo Slice in a headband.
This was supposed to be My Sweet Fall at the doctor, but it turned into Aaron sitting alone in the waiting room. sucks
This sub sandwhich wet.
Me too
I just had to hide from Thomas and he finds my shoes and goes "a clue! ^_^" ..lil bro got to love him
come to america! can't wait to see you on your 2013 tour!
Things I miss about college: People Watching with on the Quad.
Haven't went to bed yet :/
What's a king to a god? What's a god to a non believer,who don't believe in anything?
NO BODY GREATER LORD!
hey my stupid smart phone wont send messages grrr:/
Shout out to everyone who is following their dreams:)
We've got THREE upcoming shows -- includes the Lummis Day Festival on June 3 -- in Los Angeles. Stay tuned for updates!!
a little scheme, nothin but a dream. gonna be doin it til we're sittin sittin on top with jim beam.
Beautiful weather here in sunny SD. We hope everyone is getting their base tans going for this amazing summer that we're sure to have!
I am so JEALOUS!!! I want to hear every last detail!
I wanna skate.
CAKE WALK!
Why not? Don't buy them if you don't want to.. I'm sure people will be selling the tickets too.
When is #BBC12?
fuck life RT“: can't sleep & i have to be up in 4 hours for work -__-”
#HMD To the ones that make sure their kids are always number 1
no !!! Your making me panic !! Stop . I'm just like expecting it like you don't know lmao like every second I check!
Currently listening to: Tony Bucherati - Shred Head
New art! New baby onesies! New terrariums! New soap! New Zombie Socks!
I haven't smoked cigs for years, but it always makes me a little ill when Marlboro sends me "Happy Birthday!" coupons. And many more, right?
To me these niggas suck BUT IM JUST BEIN ME haha
today is your lucky day. and good weather is a recipe for fun!!!
I'm Tiredd :/! G'Night Dollss :)!
Lmao all these #FatGirls tweets are horrible yet hilarious. I'm going to hell for laughing. :/
Come follow as Annette R. Martinez from State Farm delivers her keynote!
will the Dare to Dream book be sold in target..?
Hey, if is becoming a chick, it's none of my business. Homie wrote some of my favorite songs. God Bless
When asked why a student was attending my charter school, he responded: because I know the teachers love me. Nice.
Congrats, Quentin! You deserve it!
Yo respect to all the so called proud mothers out there. We feel you! #
your guy Rory is waitin on his "executive" tour. Ha!
thank you for the crash course in twitter. i am now a pro.
I am Spartacus!
All the freedom jokes on my timeline right now A+
#EcoMonday shout outs to for all things green chicagoland and for all things science + tech
“: Javale McGee's mom looks like she was beaten to hell with the Crazy Stick” LMFAO
Heading out for a creative with Digital Stories and
#PhillySportsTalk How many games do you think Chase Utley will play in 2012?
Blue cheese exists.
Need break. Lying on bed. Dying. Will report in the morning. #ptfo nao
is so pretty!
#Brewers cant check a break this year. Too bad the baseball season is long.
Thank you :) RT : the new album is sick!!
have not been on n ah while but weres my friend i missed u very much
Say "Tex-Mex text message" five times fast.
Well... It was fun hanging out with you for a good 5 minutes
i always knew there was a reason why i took french ;)
elated to know me & have something in common re: golf::i dont use a swing coach either
Stop friggin' Rt-ing Oprah into my TL, can't we catch a break from her already, she annoys the shit out of me!!!
lmao at people who post their own wikipedia links.
Omg, you gotta have all of them back on for a reunion! Wow, the feathered hair !
yep. Pretty typical for April out here in #Colorado It'll be 65 again on Thursday.
don't think I have ever seen you use "so", SO much before
While watching social media video for class I kept thinking Seth Rogen would have made a MUCH better Shawn Fanning than Justin. Just sayin
Loved 's cover of 's Harder to Breathe!
I should be finishing up for this move but all I want to do is sit on the couch and watch some bad tv.
strange even when img loads in separate tab, won't load in page- tried with different theme? same img, dif blog?
2012 Canadians in College | Canadian Baseball Network
I know I just followed a bunch of folks bare with me I'm trying to #market a brand that I feel is worth your time :)
RT : It’s #NationalCleavageDay! Take our fun quiz to match the breasts with their celeb bombshell owners!...
I have a secret dread of the parent meetings?
Yeah, but just no way the Brewers could invest that much money for that long
stalking my life
I heard you were in Del Mar, my buddy said he met/saw you..!!
i followed you. please follow for an instant follow back.
i told you i couldnt... I went to d-land with jb, his girl, and some other people. Sorry.
I've heard, dearest..that it's all really focus & repetition..learn to read and write it, then your mind remembers, savy?
I have a bunch of new followers! (reciprocated, of course) Is there an #alamw10 panelist I should thank?
Failure will not overcome me so long as my will to succeed is stronger"– Micheal S. Kirby
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D 10
I just don't understand why they're called Ritter Sport.
Hm...a B. Antonio's app?
Thanks for the RT, David!
Make sure u can laugh at yourself. It's called personality.
Thanks for the #follow suggestion!
About time they called it.
Lovin it! Lets win that NL West! RT : It was good seeing at the stadium 2nite! The #Magic era has begun.
It sold over ten million units Jellyfish have been on Earth for over 650 million years
MAN SHUTT UP. u aint even know how to tie yo shoes til you met me...
I dont know if I should just give up on this contest-_______- hmm
I wanna be right. Show me how
apparatus, and you've got to make it stop. And you've got to indicate to the people who run it, to the people who own it, that../..
Subscribe to our newsleter "Dispatches from the Drafting Room"...
"Austin, are you seeing anyone right now?" Austin: "No, I am single." "Even if you weren't single, that's still the right answer."
or just attach their initials so I can sort whose is whose? pretty please?
...i think we all forgot about the bugs that come along w/the summer
Wow! Just pieced my noise twice..and still the stud wouldn't go through...perhaps a professional Moment is needed in this situation
No school for me today :D
Look forward to seeing you again so soon, what a treat. #ewomen2010 here we come.
No foot pedals in the house!
Come on ! Huge game on right now on Who else is watching?
Yea, I've had a handful too. It's always awful to hear things like that. It really does make you re-evaluate things.
*ba da bum bum bum* im loving it! <3
Haha, I can use all of those I can get. ;)
be there in da am
I think Chrome is a bit lighter and more stable. Doesn't make my laptop fan rev up like a jet when 30 tabs are open.
Trying to wake up after waking up at 3:30am. Going to GM plant at 8:30 where "GM is reinventing the automobile and its company"... Ahem...
easy to be behind your laptop with SM, learn trades that set you apart #FacFaceOff cc
ESPN draft software just screwed every auction league drafting after today by not allowing them to set their lineups. grrr!
Celebrate the equinox and stop by for a spring cleaning today. We'll wash away that ugly brake dust and get your car looking great!
If you work with Drupal on a daily basis and you're not contributing back to the community in some way, you're doing it wrong.
Come through Willis party this Saturday at Palm Gardens for his celebrity bash
Reporting that the "prescription drugs" Ibuprofen and Midol were found in Whitney Houston's suite isn't investigative.
watupdoe fam oh dis how to get in contact wit darren ass huh lol
Alright, guys. I've been talking about this a lot. But I would just feel guilty if I didn't say it again.
Had meatloaf for lunch since last night's veggie dinner resulted in a dream best described as half Chronicle of Narnia, half Deliverance.
Any TE sleepers I should be looking at for week 9? Lost Cooley for year. Will Jamarcus Finley be back? Todd Heap? Fred Davis?
Thank you so much for following
Spots are still available for the market this season: Call 414-502-9489 and leave a message with your email to receive an application
Please Be Patient, we expect to have things resolved within the next few hours and are looking forward to one of the Greatest Contests Yet!
I'll be back maybe later! Have to fix something! And waiting for to come online and chat with her! </3
Does have an instagram?(:
5 Ninja Linkedin Marketing Moves - www.BrianEZimmerman.com 5 Linkedin Marketing Ninja Moves To Inc.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
She like to Do it wit the Lights on Dnt matter to me If its Dark or not
How you apply #personal accountability to yourself?
Wow! What a terrific Midwest convention this year! Very large attendance!
Cant wait! hope all the verses get done 100% today, so i can start to mix and master theses tracks!
That sounds great.! I'm in! Leaving in the morning tomorrow unfortunately. Only time for one paper before I go :(
I want to buy the paint for my room, gaaah.
Just spent over a hundred dollars on tanning lotion, so it better work.
RT HOSH!T FLYING ROACH OMG
I am going to be a good law obeying Citizen for the next 4 days .. Lol
Get some cash and give me a call!
Cam snapping today.
gr8 ways to use Video in Recruitment: 1> Employer Branding (YTube) 2> Assessment ( etc) 3> Communication (HangOuts etc)
where was this fail?
thank you <3 it's amazing :) <3
No one likes a beer line...
Best Easter dinner ever... #mole #ceviche #oaxacanchocolatecake ridic enjoyable!
Who is going to AdobeMAX from Archer? Michelle Martorell our Creative Director is heading to LA to learn new tech for Archer!
I love simple foods. And I love how quickly I heal because of the natural foods I eat. Be good to your body it will be good to you!
ABC News now on air
Ohio by Cincinnati
Congrats on a good day, but Stars is just easing you in for a huge Sunday. They don't want you to be shocked winning a major
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
I love this and Story Traveling. Great stuff!
U Welcome And I'm been Following u.
I swear the moment I find a girl who likes This Will Destroy You's "Tunnel Blanket" as much as I do, I'll get on bended knee and propose.
#Agoodboyfriend knows how smart you are--and takes you to the !
uhh no im good.
Yep I definitely have a crush on Albie Manzo.....it's a fact!
Starting, operating & maintaining a business is really tough these days. Having smart, capable people around means more than ever.
You, too!
u and don't know what a dogfight is!!
My back is killing me, but the back garden looks killer
to from freddys
-_- you just made me get my sore ass up! Lol
we're gay, wouldn't we all be from district 1?
I don't know about that Floyd undefeated for a reason
Going outside when it's warm >>>>
ik but next time
IM GETTIN READY FOR THIS SNOW STORM!!!!
now at #nacw, panel on state & natl. leadership on #climatechange. Eric Pooley, former journo, now SVP at Enviro Defense Fund is moderating.
That awkward moment when you have headphones in and someone tries to talk to you and you kinda hear them but ignore them
nice shoutout in the journal!
haha I'll get on that
Of to school...
i need dick on the regular fuck a one night stand!!! GO FUCK YOURSELF!
All aboard!
lol=) we r never online at the same time=(
where can I hear your woke homie?
im dying without you!
Pay him so much money he's your franchise guy RT What's your definition of "build a team around"?
cannot wait ladies! xoxo ps. #revenge is back that night ;)
Which #superbowl movie trailer has been your favorite thus far?
Mario Kart and old music? This is amazing. :D
Exactly. I used to do a lot more music writing and usually had fun with musician interviews. One exception was Kelly Osbourne.
play with ME !!
And to think I had hope that these kids would be quite the whole train ride but no. They all cry at once!!
follow me please!?!? (:
you mean I may actually get to meet you in person? Cool!
but being black is pretty awesome :)
we should later today lol
Ike Davis is 0-2 today, bringing his seasons average at Citi Field to .00000000000000000000012
Women should not be underestimated
It's been revoked? What the hell, thin's my middle name? All dressed up and no one to blow? Go spit? ;)
Sun please stay out so I can take my senior pictures tonight
New timeline; new woman.
in the past that would have been a fair statement. Different coach, team, n era. Just ask the #Lions what difference a few yrs makes
I think I just ate a whole pizza by myself..
kind of u were pukin it up for quiet a while haha :p
I feel you
Tue Morn: feeling refreshed.........
grilled hand & cheese
yeah, sometimes I go dark:)
Frozen custard FTW!
On my waaaayyyyy. See u in LV
Phoenix, Sun, family and peace.
I got some sexy friends (((:
listening to the sounds of african tribal music while studying for economics
if you are the owner of please contact Isaac Shmaschemov at 774-277-9202. i would like to manage your internet everything
More than 74 people following me already. Special thanks to Alex from #GulkinGazette for her nice message!
please gollow me one of ur biggest fans
It is fully functional again! lol!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!120
Thx for the add!
Finished that scene and the next. Now both the h/h are ticked at each other. I love conflict! Will be back for more #amwriting tomorrow.
I was sort of hoping for sewage everywhere. Would have made a better story...
Goin hard the whole night cus im not goin back to my old life...
So Fringe was renewed for a 4th season. Love it! Now NBC needs to do the same with Chuck. I would be so pissed if they cancelled it.
Another beautiful day ;)
I would do anything to go party with Paul McCartney tonight.
Poised Creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professionals in the country!
May the Lord our God watch over thee until we meet again.
The #Dog Days of Summer fundraising event 8/28/10: enjoy vendors, pools & pet pics w/your 4-legged best friend. www.cantondogpark.org/
Great. Strep throat. :(
I spend more time preparing status reports on what I'm doing, than on what I'm reporting on.
Murmur project out of Canada promotes an outlet for location based personal storytelling using phone
Haha! Well, your personality sparkles even more than your outfits.
miss u!!
Average mph driving out of Miami right now: 0. Oh wait: 15. No, it's 0.
Secrets destroy. Arthur Miller shows us how. ALL MY SONS opens tonight. actorsbridge.org for details.
A slow Saturday afternoon where I can *see* the sun go down. Good. Let's have more of this thing, whatever it's called.
well you're basically done in ONE WEEK so you'll be there too :) minus the procrastinating backdrop...yay embassies!
I think that was pretty much the best birthday speech anyone's ever given me. <3
Some girls making fun of me. Oh tonight will be great.
What happened?? Oh wait... #Seattle happened.
I hear my bruh is doing great things in his baseball career.
Lord work on my foundation!
Some people are just mean and cruel!
Happy Valentine's Day !! You are Lovely...
let's get it on .
Dinner round 2
I couldn't possibly out-nerd you on this. Even if I really like the Discovery channel.
GRAND OPENING of new FRIDAY party line-up "POP" 911 St. NW DC|Guest DJ: Lady Gaga's DJ spinnin the hottest music 2night 7034073810
Why do you even have a phone if you're never gonna pick up or reply to texts?
miss u too, how's school?
totally addicted to tiny tower..
Great podcast tonight! Thanks to and for the show ideas. Your topics were discussed on Episode 14.
Happy father's day. buy yo daddy a ticket to Mahi Gato. lapunknoir.com
Anytime for a sister. :)
28 more days until school gets out. 29 more days until my One Direction concert. Asdfghjkl. Can't it come already?
i wish my lamp had a remote bc i don't feel like getting out of bed to turn it on
Researchers hadn't agreed on recording wet or dry weight #data, or standard wet weights for location (ex: Africa vs. USA).
Sad to leave #thatcamp #se and all the fabulous people - new & old. Great sessions today & lots to think about & DO! Thanks y'all!
major pros & cons to both :S
Jesus can walk on water... I can walk on Cucumbers ... Cucumbers are 96% water... So I am 96% Jesus.
All the evidence is right in front of them! Is the system really that blind and twisted????
Thanks for the awesome mentions Gino! Rock on! :)
You must send me recipe.
Instead of getting a frappuccino and going home to my cool apartment, I decided to take one on a walk yesterday.
Is it me, or is EVERYTHING Coach Hubie saying have a sexual innuendo behind it?
I'm gone but Ali. Christina, mark and others are there!
Done and Done!
ahh that makes sense thanks
I guess our ancestors drank so much they got immune, works for me doe
What picture are we talking about. Please send.
this Pitbull Bud Light commercial is horrible, i have to mute everytime it comes on now. I wont drink a bud light because of it
We appreciate you following PC on Twitter!! :)
You should teach a class in Dallas Geo(:
-- sad, so sad / to miss the plum flower / before it fell #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
when you have the time i would like for you to listen to my music Its really hot.....
How do I manage to get yogurt in my hair at lunch?
I'm good and ill be home for a bit in may too so well ref catch up.
does Nissan have, or will they have, an iPhone app to track maintenance, expenses and other details of an owners vehicle?
Ditto that! Those green chairs make the entire room come alive.
“: #hth2012 introduces serious games, but does not give out t-shirts.” you do that at the end so people stay.
So excited about my new logo designed by !
ikr! I miss you already! :(
IF YOU GO #BUY1111 ON ITUNES WE'LL GIVE YOU A SMOOCH BY ;) :* -MAJD
More information needed. RT : idea for D2L12 social event: "urban kissing booths"
Yay!!! RT : A good night for the #CapsPlayoffs and
Matt startled me and I spilled hot coffee all over myself....good start, Jamie....good start.
It's racist, discriminatory, and fucked up. It's achieved nothing except to criminalize men of color.
Yeah I became a Vegetarian 1/1/2012. My body was telling no more meat! :) Am I happy? Oh yes. :)
Hey Followers!!!! This guy is awesome! I highly suggest following him. He always brightens up my day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
After a Pagan single and stolen base, Belt strikes out in big spot vs. K-Rod; not an easy assignment, but...
this bra is much too small on me ffs
go straight through it
Kirwan: Cam Kerry , John Kerry’s brother, called my legal counsel on behalf of SAS during 2007 IT procurement.
Sometimes I don't override my auto-correct just to see where the conversation goes.
i am teaching myself to be a better #digicomp teacher :) thanks for the rec!
If you ignore me, I will ignore you. If you don't start the conversation, we won't talk. If you don't put in the effort, why should I?
what does 8 hours of sleep feel like? lol
Got me sum elite socks, shorts and sum hoodies
last night I had the honor of performing at the World Famous, "Tootsies" in Nashville! I must have been dreaming!! This was a great night!!!
The Digital Skeptic: Google Isn&#39;t Answering on Privacy
We are one of them! RT @ artinshanaty i just finished two postcards for two different non-profits...i really love it!!!
“: It's okay, I understand. She's skinnier, She's funnier, She's prettier, don't worry I wouldn't choose me either.”
I don't have viddy. Sorry baby<3
I guess Huntsman's ticket to ride from NH only had fare enough to get him south to Massachusetts
RP Julie Brown "We the Southwest Atlanta community want Raynard Johnson to become the 11Alive web producer."
Sorry, Dan - arena was booked Saturday. But as an STH you will be receiving a free ticket to Friday's game
please don't. Please.
Perfect weather for a strong coffee buzz!
I think came through with the closest thing to an inarguable refutation so far: Flipper.
#rv show in st louis coming up in a week, stop by our booth and say hello to Brian! Lots of great RV insurance info
"It takes a good man to prevent a catastrophe and a great man to make use of one" Richelieu 3 musketeers By Duma
One day I'm gonna meet !! RT if you want to meet him!! austinmahonedeservesarecorddeal
Like us on facebook during the month of January for a chance to win a free single person occupancy office. Winner to be announced Feb 1.
Your Birthday today? Have a happy one - did you also know it's: Dork Day, Gummi Worm Day, I love Horses Day and Cow Appreciation Day.
Check this video out -- Water and Spirit Baptism by Bro. Lee Stoneking via
Why not?RT : Didn't go to the Louisville game today! Waist of a ticket! Smh
I actually ended up injured and just ran the half, but I'll be back to run Eugene again, mark my words
the person on the sound boards on unemployment in... 3... 2... 1... bummer
#Adulthood The opposite of jersey shore
exactly what I was fearing.
What are your thoughts about Komen/Planned Parenthood funding? Jody.
European girls >>>
The Ignorance ...
Well, at least it's Friday.
Marty is always good for some interesting and entertaining comments! That's why I love him. I'll be sure to be listening tonight!
How is Ike's zombie poop manuscript coming along? Or was it poop zombies?
i hate getting a trim, i feel like she's gonna accidentally cut off too much! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
what yu mean what its Yo fault
Board of Sups votes to revisit their redistricting plan. Cox says he will not vote for a plan that violates the voting rights act!
Testing GSiteCrawler, so far I like it
dude, all what you do is RTing?
I go 4 days on weekdays, and on the weekends it's pretty much all I do. I get Friday off, to do what I want. Hbu?
Designs!! Drawing #ILOVEIT!!!
Thanks. Gotta answer on the Facebook page: http:/www.facebook.com/jazzcolumbus
Too early for this. ciggerette!
I can't believe i decided to work overtime smh... never again lol
The musical untalent continues: ": Are you guys alright with a Madonna halftime show at the Super Bowl?"
kings croos or st kilda - looks identical .... funny that!
Not sure, at this point you'd have to consult the pile of ashes.
Preparing to announce a major initiative affecting all USC undergraduates #GREATBIGVIRALNEWS!
Oh, yeah, THAT's true.
Very cool.
I Expect To Be Great !
Sounds like something unfortunate already happened
Oh. Did I mention I was getting a llama? #yolo Haha. Dont even know what im going to so with it.
They look way better in person too
Haha. This is just the beginning of my journey.
I lost my train of thought. But whatever it was, I was excited about it.
Have to Focus on MYSELF,my GOALS,and my FUTURE
Got the sickest farmer tan today! All set for PCB
Died my hair, its so dark it looks black :/
I heard a few weeks back that he didn't have much longer. Could be true
This tweet might get me on to Pinterest finally. . . .
acoustic music/open mic night tonight with Jeordie..9pm come and jam or come hang out and enjoy the music.
i Feel like you and luis (Carlos should get my early bday/christmas present tomorrow...cuz its very important :)
waste of time and money
So I'm finally over the fact that our home sellers were brats. Onward in the search...
Never had that experience -- what's it like?
Dwain T. Pipe and Naughton's are celebrating earth day this weekend at the Tucson Earth Day Festival. How are you celebrating earth day?
I work for Frontier Nursing University (formerly Frontier School of midwifery and family nursing)
Pretty annoying when I hear things about other wrestlers going on media and burying other performers who don't deserve it....
aw:) You're so sweet. It makes me so happy to read things like that!
Marina was going to start dropping boats in early next week, until they heard there was snow in the forecast
No matter how scared I am I know it will all work out.
I been watching Clemson BB since 1976 (freshman yr). Has ever been a good free throw shooting Tiger team?
RT My iPhone Is about to <U+E11C><U+E411><U+E416><U+E40D><U+E407>
Naughton's is thankful for our latest follower Thanks for the support! We're excited as UofA's Nick Johnson after a made 3pt FG!
I vote We have A Kissing Booth On the Cruise ;)
lol. Hell never be as popular as drake tho. But hes deff got more talent
Trivia tonight won't be the same without !! The Advocates will try our very best.
Tonight, we have an Acoustic Guitar player from 7pm to 9pm.
The world is so rich, so forget yourself
Having some difficulties locating the Facebook headquarters with
Good morning! How's everyone doing today?
how long can i go with the alternator light on? it came on last night. i drove to work today-fine. radio cut out when i arrived at work.
Giving a tour of Portland neon signs somehow ended with Karaoke at the Alibi Tiki Bar tonight. :-)
Just boarded the rock flight to KS. Get ready NERDS!!!!
well time to go print to my spanish essay, go get coffee, check out the international festival, then spanish class :)
Who up?
And just when did George Zimmerman began his "uncontrollable" crying??
i have no intrest for its good in all that they pay for schooling or whatever but thats something i dont wanna do
yes, but the case of "the NFL not disclosing the dangers" I don't agree, especially when many guys played since pop warner.
Young & full of uncertainty, Sigma made us grow up fast. And we took responsibility for the growth/wellbeing of every brother we made.
He's cashing in and I can't say I wouldn't in his shoes. On the other hand. If you're rich, make some art.
Classifying generator power sources - Consulting-Specifying Engineer
and it might rain :/
Shouldn't be a problem. ;?]
I hope it blows u away...lol
thanks so much enjoy your day!
Real Hoopers wear Nike socks and Sperrys
Idk If I'll Watch It Tonight :/
lol u feel ya on that
. is pretty sweet, but if gets a desktop app out...
Watching Glen Campbell perform at the Grammys. Go Glen!
Voicing our opposition to gay families we dislike “: Noon rally today in support of #Colorado families against
.. RT : We need some pretty bitches on the cheer leading team
“: Hot about my KD's” bet Nike will do something about it, call em!
Going to attempt to start my professional blog this weekend. On track to building my brand
Thinking about having our oldest daughter try Lacrosse next season. Guess I'll have to let go of the No running with sticks rule.
RT Peter Parker was lucky that radioactive spider bit his hand not his ass or he'd have shot out web every time he farted.
Oh goodness! Sorry! We misread the 1st time thing and thought she was an intern! Please give her our apologies!!
#oomf is cute but i dated her friend.
We had such a great day celebrating your birthday SIR Packy!
hi susan, would you consider writing about the ocean and scuba diving? I have an idea for you.
I guess that is the downside to not living in the city
its me!
Are you watching Felicity? That's when I know I'm very, very far down.
shout to my "friends" who do shit without me.
''I wasn't that drunk.'' Dude you threw my parrot and screamed "Angry Birds.''
I have missed u, big time! Welcome back. I love u man. I hope u notice my tweets and follow me...one day soon:-)
good point
"You have to look at 11 year olds at recess to understand how we make laws." - Paul Keckley
Damn. That HATEFUL Bishop Harry Jackson has really got me fired up tonight! Breathe in. Breathe out. Repeat. Have a mocha. Okay. Better
RT : where else but ? Tickets still available at the door!
how was your trip?? See u back in LA ... Hillbilly haha
Like I said, genuine opportunity for Moscoso. Mets lead #Rockies 2-1 on homer by Duda.
Q7. Your Royal Wardrobe shall consist of...
I just woke from a dream in which I thought Tom Waits and Ron Perlman were the same person (1/2)
Just the beginning...
girl you are hilarious!
If your looking to get in shape this summer for LA pool parties check out easy fitness and see if its a fit for you!!!!
. It's so nice to have you back, you crazy woman, you!
“ Iont think nobody on my timeline is about that 2k life... #anybody”u nt ready
Need a land acquistion specialist for webinar. Pls contact if you have used self directed ira to purchase and sell land deals
The saddest thing in the world, is loving someone who you know loves someone else.Anonymous.
nigga bought one stamp for a dollar today. never again bruh.....
Appreciate yr kind words, ! A pleasure & a privilege 2 meet you & so many wonderful lawyers & judges while writing 4
“Compassion is not religious business, it is human business, it is not luxury, it is essential for our own peace and mental stability, it...
oh man am i sick of #chrome saying... oh snap.. and closing my window. is there a way to fix this?
You're a damn guy, you should NOT take a shower for that long!
I dont have to worry about anything
Studying blows
If I don't get to see this year I think I might kill myself...come to Atlanta please!
SNL with USY #life is good
CIO CG meeting will be friendly. Maybe intimate. Visiting the room now.
You can do it!
thanks bro.
:D thanks! too bad you can't vote ;)
Amanda I'd love to speak with you sometime about Ward 5. Great thoughts on your website!
we will get Justice for Trayvon.. He became the nations son too!! Peace & Blessins.
is this maddy? if so YES BISH I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH!
Still hungry :/
and I decided to keep twitter :)
Very sad RT : Sad story, reporting teen fell through garbage shoot of Gold Coast highrise. Police investigating
Pizza & A Pitcher Night! Buy a Pitcher and Get a FREE Pizza! Also enjoy $2 Guinness Taps and Our 3 for 3 Deal - 3 Miller Shorties for $3!
Always funny when "that guy" in a bradford beach pickup vball game gets serious lol
Pizza or Pasta ? Pasta :) .
Ha! It did go off! Luckily it's just a big red flashing light so it's never annoying & always super fun. Thanks for setting it off!
At Symposium listening to virtual intro by "Let's show the rest of the country how it's done."
I have a cookbook from 1920 with a chapter called "The Sick-room Tray." Recommends using "the daintiest china available."
Bunnies have made a home beneath the pool deck. This is not going to end well from them.
thanks Deuce Lee!!
(( love and peace ))
Thanks to everyone - like - who helped make our Annual Awards Luncheon a huge success. Pics and recap to follow!
If I had a gun, I'd shoot Justin Bieber.
Got so much cute clothes <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
If you're cruising through E. Rochester roll down your window and see if you smell smoke, Good Smoke. Any day now...
Meeting w/ Matt Kano parks Dir. City Of San Jose. Discussing Parks, Trails. Bike Paths
Amazing nite with my best friends
Really liking him...<3
I just killed a huge spider crawling along the floor with my shoe. I don't care how big a spider is, nobody steals my fucking shoe!
There is no escaping from today, is there?
I realized today I'm a hot yogie not a regular yogie :)
Last college final tomorrow, then hello summer.
sweet!! Hope you love it! Take a pic!
RT re Amend1 " Thank you for your efforts as well. Best wishes with your campaign" #nc09 REAL CONSERVATIVE
play Tri-City in game 3 of their Playoff series, we have live reports at 6 and 6:30
Who r u
literally a bunch of south American fags
Good late morning! It's been a Fantastic Week and now for the weekend! T. Gozney Thornton at the Wall Saturday & Football on Sunday!
#LMSunSIG accessibility: until faculty is informed by disability office, faculty is not responsible
Breathe. Tho. RT : i have so much to do Im overwhelmed
“: will do! :))))” Mission Accomplished
I feel sorry for you.
Sure am glad the Mayans figured out what 100s of other civilizations have gotten totally wrong. I'd hate to have to live on with uncertainty
getting dressed
Thanks for getting the word out abt Speak Up for Future Teachers! We greatly appreciate the support!
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning,but anyone can start today and make a new ending
...seriously, why is this so much work?
Plaintiffs' law firm is seeking experienced legal professionals for its personal injury practice. Apply at
you checking out any parties tonight?
Get excited because tonight is the two hour #Glee! Even better: it's Nationals, but most importantly it's written by !
A few nights of no sleep & stress puts me on my death bed for a several days... Worst immune system ever!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
can u post part 3
that awkward moment when you eat wasabi.
looking for four #cubs tickets on saturday. suggestions/offers?
oh that must have been fun we need to hang out here soon
En mi calle hay muchos semáforos. / There are a lot of traffic lights in my street
Sittin here watchin Nickelodeon wonderin why Spongebob is such a dick.... huh my nieces are not allowed to watch dis show no more.!!
this is awesome.
I'm gonna go stick my hand down my pants and see if it goes somewhere
its 3 in the morning and my friends are sitting in the living room analyzing Harry Potter. meanwhile I'm scrambling to finish hw. effff
I think you landed before that rocket you launched today
Went to see Titanic in honor of the 100th aniversary of the ship sinking....April 15th 1912..
. perhaps he shouldn't tout FNL in his description. Can't wait for the new book though!
My two teams are going to the final four!!!
: did u read the Baird Harper story in your Printers Row yet? Love.
Its truly amazing how individuals just can't take the truth, more so playing lies out until you believe them yourself
Anyone sellin any T-Mobile smart fones ???
hm tour with them in 2013. :) I have tix for their Columbus, Oh date. No wait...tour with and come here..NOW.
These fucking retard hicks on the max are whipping out knives and shit.
Happy First Friday! We have over 77 new artworks on display for our second installation of the Inaugural Exhibition. Come see!
Is there ever going to be a casting call for the next season? I looked & didn't see anything. Thanks :)
Getting ready for a BURNING NIGHT OF JAZZ at my gig: Allerton Hotel 701 N Michigan Ave, Chicago. 7-11pm. No cover, $10 parking validated. ;)
"Today is rich with opportunities and I open my heart to receive them."
Sorry! Account must have been hacked. Password has been changed. Sorry about the confusion!
I can never stand on my two feet and I'm not drunk or anything lolz
Tonight open house from 4pm-7pm See you there!
hope you are having a wonderful holiday season!
Let's not use labels. Use analogies.
Nuts like almonds, hazelnuts and walnuts contain nutrients that help prevent Alzheimer.
Hey Teyana,hw are u ,are you looking 4 tracks @ this time
watching breast reduction Roseanne show ! Lmao
Congrats to all 37 Flyers fans that stayed til the final buzzer.
It's the
Maybe if I cared less, I wouldn't be so stressed.
These Bush-Era kids are so uptight.
Thanks to all my friends today who made me feel better love y'all <U+E328>
at this place called eclipse up north
Audubon Bluebird House in Cedar WLLNABB
And, chill.
Home... Sleep time
I am a real estate agent working in Manhattan. When you buy, sell or rent with me, I will donate 30% of my fee to your favorite charity.
Train sings the same kind of blues
Hey all you mermaid fans check out my reviews at Clarion and Blue Ink I am in Foreword Magazine!!!
I'm really missing Skylar. The show could use some of her crazy energy right about now.
So who has tickets for #secondcity? Anyone see my #braillecoin?
Action is the antidote to despair.
"Named must your fear be before banish it you can."
Battle of the #Exes premiers 1/25....who do you think is gonna make it far? I'm thinking Emily and Ty. But who knows.
GOOD MORNING BY THE WAY. Although I kno this won't get to you lol still got mad love for u tho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Shoes are my thing, I'm curious to know where does get her shoeesss?! :)
The week is almost over Portland!
+1 RT : Whether you celebrate or not, happy International Hug a Medievalist Day! {<U+2665>}
my favorite pair of Jordan's
We are going to New York today because we can!
I don't have a dirty bedroom, I just live in a whimsical world where all my clothing love to play hide-and-seek in garbage.
And so the results are in. You cannot easily determine the cheapest flights to anywhere from your city against a date specific request.
I know you're on dirty 6th
I don't need drugs or alcohol. Music is my addiction.
yeah, why??
Happy Thursday, ninjas! Hope you're reviewing all your self-defense for promo ceremonies next week! Remember.. Use your words!!
Hello to new friends -
RT : Women are the biggest users of social media.
Why is my twitter saying that I unfollowed people when I didn't? Ugh.
Nice catch!
Loves being early..
Queers for Fears #replacebandnameswithlesbian yea not fav trend.
t Americas Food Show on Miami Beach: Booth 514: Bar that will serve the Caipirinha prepared with Cachaça Velho Barreiro
no hun i live n tennessee, hbu
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
so um guess what... I forgot my phone and I don't have to test today...
Like Nixon's secret plan to end viet nam war, Romney's immigration policy is also a secret. Elect him and find out what it is
My phone is ALWAYS dead.
Nothing like hearing my voice being blasted out across the empire polo field by
The wrinkles were caused by the expanding and contracting of the c.1910 cellophane they were encased in; now to flatten
New SNOCLOTHING Shirts coming soon
Perfect RT : AND I FUCKIN NEED YOU TONIGHT. AND I FUCKIN NEED YOU MORE THAN EVER.
that's probably why net meeting and adobe connect have been promoting hard to consumer markets lately!
Anyone using Flipboard?
I have a guy coming by a 6 to pick up something I'm selling. You still going to be there?
Hi Tweeters just got in from work was n e one hurt in the D C shooting I hope not. What is wrong with people today?
Are you satisfied where you are as a photographer?
I'm spending my Saturday with a bunch of 18 year olds making a movie in a bowling alley. Flashback to the Cinema Floor!
Funny...the Weather Channel rarely actually talks about weather. This morning they're playing Password. Weird.
The Johnston Spies are everywhere! Luckily, they use their powers for good.
Taemin looking totally HOT I want to take him to my room and teach him a few things HOT DAMN boy!!!
Stop talking-start doing!
I'm done.
That blows my mind.These machines are something else.
Kobe hot!! This won't happen next game
the one who claims miracles but runs a magnet school
YES WORLD!! JESUS CHRIST DOES LOVE YOU!!!
Didn't you say that last year too? No wonder your invite keeps getting lost in the mail :)
hey friend
do you think I like YC
Nice to hear from you!
oh. Okay.
nice! I watched it while on a plane flying to Tokyo. Good airplane movie.
Gaddafi would have a real problem using twitter!
left Panama today, Neptune Day tomorrow, Galapagos Islands the next! Too fun. cc:
Great time at RPM (Reconnection Prayer Meeting). Somethings moving, somethings shaking! New season!
Do you believe in the theory of evolution?
parents are already planning on going. It's about an hour 15
thank you!
But I am VERY jealous you'll be seeing Kathy in a few days.
Dr.Small, I'm so focused love u
: We'll be appearing in the show Sat May 26 :-)
If you could change anything about your teeth, what would it be?
In bham eatin with the fam I really don't get to see them, feels good to kick it with them. Had to take them to a 5 star restaurant
we are in there!
Louisiana 4th of July weekend # excited
That poll is more accurate than people know.. James from Plano, Tx.
So glad a guy with an already established career in the music industry working w/ one of the biggest artists in the biz won #thevoice. : |
Good things on the to-read list: The Women of Berkshire Hathaway by and (way unrelated) Saga #2 by Vaughan and
Earth&#39;s Most Precious Places
sure, but so it's OSU's job to search a player's @'s and make sure no douchebag is tweeting him?
NFL is so overproduced for TV now. It's been years since I watched. Time to dial it back. No pro player should have to make those lame poses
One of my best friends was in the audience & found the entire evening absolutely stunning. Thank you for your passion, Yo Yo!
“: I like my men like I like my "I like my men like I like my coffee" jokes: unoriginal, yet self-referential.”
Who has no arms, no legs and hangs on your wall? Art.
Hah. She can't win - pisses off Silicon Valley or Hollywood. Guess SV won't be contributing in 2016.
Wonderful Photo. U should have a contest so people can win 1.
So there's like a 99% chance you want get a text from me . Lol
Family Guy
You think I don't hear what you say...? I do
Call 321.287.0670 for table reservations. They are selling out fast! $100 bottles of Ciroc all night long #LAST1stFatTuesday @ Antigua
i agree, a lot pro's and Con's
Finished up the Spokane Shock Dance Team Photoshoot.
Follow Me Back?(:
When my 3 year old is around it's like playing 21 questions without a turn. Back to Back to Back.
If there were 28hrs in the day, it would help me a lot.
Loved #BillMaher on #PiersMorgan last night!
Dude good stuff. I listened to your show for a little while :)
they got VIP?
but she'll LOVE it.
haha that avi is the greatest. follow back
I'm upset i had to leave my friends :(
Well, I'm cleaning again! Wonderful. :| x
Plugging into house PA = less sweating carrying speakers for me!
lets just say your one of a kind :] <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
Morning tweets have a safe and blessed Thursday
Thanks for sharing the cute pic!
Everything is about growing and learning
It's always my pleasure to tweet out your posts :-)
And you can't be a hater if you wanna be a teacher/coach. Lol
Omg did you see him thrust? :D
depends how passive aggressive you are. ;)
Gov. Perry has just announced Apple will build a new $304 million campus in #Austin. The new facility will create 3,600 jobs.
thanks. Love me some Las Americas.
maybe . Sam might be comin ova after her graduation though
When you refer to "cheap ass" hotel are referring to a) "By the Hour, b) "Dead Bodies & Police Tape" OR c)"Lousy & Crappy w/BedBugs
Bike tuned...new pedals...60º forecasted in KC tomorrow!!
Our friends in Wolves At The Gate just released a killer music video check it out! Also go and 'like' Amurica Fest!
if that's not heavy metal, I don't know what is.
Tf Yu Mean Yu Don't Want Grilled Cheese Two Nights In A Row...? Shit Yu Aint Hungry Then.
what is it then?!?
Did u just RT your own tweet....?
The Used's song I Come Alive has been on repeat all day.
RT for a shout out(:
Hey Annabel! Thanks for following us. We followed back.
diversity of sources of energy, trans of energy to deficient areas & public & private investment are tools to secure energy
Yes you are pretty ugly...
Do you know what a mice said when it saw a bat?Mom ! I see an angel.
Hopeful that the afternoon train ride to New York City will dispel crankiness.
Saw your tweet. You're in my prayers.
You have a face for radio.
You like it better than instapaper?
the man is in the building!!!!!
Hi, - great #twitpics . Thanks for the follow!
You mean a potted plant? Why is there a tree in the middle of the room? ps--pnut butter will help get it out, but do it ASAP
I was born on July 31st. It would feel weird to celebrate my birthday in Feb. Too close to valentines day, fewer presents.
Auto insurance? We check dozens of top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
I will:)
Movies with my sister =)
#vsa2011 non-visitors: participant q: How do you know people being videoed are behaving "normally"? A: After 10min they forget about you.
Srinivasan: One use of the cameras was to document promises by local government that went unfulfilled
I don't live with you! Who are you? If my wife saw this she would be pissed!
2 more followers and the surprises begin ...
im GLAD you decided to follow that account
RT : is presenting on Texas Portal Project - Huzzah #JHUAAM at
"You shall keep my sabbaths, and reverence my sanctuary: I am the LORD."~Leviticus 19:30
WTF Australians actually slaughter camels because there're just too much camels until they've become pests. mygad.
Magic tournament :] text if you want :D
Plotting out our 3 year plan.
oh whoops!!!! Embarassingggg!
India reports first cases of "total drug-resistant tuberculosis"
Order sent to Caitlin in PA!
When less money is coming in, naturally you should stop spending more than that amount. I live on a budget, how about you do it too.
I dream of the day when someone from the street comes up to me and goes "excuse me, are you from twitter?"
do it TODAY, not Tomarrow...keep GOD 1st!!!!!
Training good habits take the stealth of good teachers and self-care.
#DLFForum wifi tip - try turning AirPort off and then back on, and then go through the connecting steps again.
I got a 9 out of 10 on my homework. I only did half the problems.... This teacher fucking loves me.
*pukes in mouth* well good work keep it up lmao
For the next 3 hours swing by Mangiamo Pronto and get the deal shown here: Live Music & First Drink Free!
I can make that happen.
I could be:)
I have no clue how to use this new Facebook...
If you blame schools for this, then you will need to "blame" them for civil rights, rock and roll, etc.
Ew i have a terrible headache all of a sudden
I supported the idea of "baby-steppin it" when helping kids read. I'm now applying that belief to my own learning about teaching.
Turns out Super Bowl Sunday is NOT the #1 day for domestic violence. It's ANY Sunday.
Cool concept. Include me as a fan.
Done tracking drums for the upcoming E.P!!!!!!!!!!!
serious??? Get on the gin gin (gin&gingerAle)
shhh you know you'll always forgive me. Unless I give you an incurable disease. Then I'd understand if you didn't.
You know, I haven't read either. I purposely avoided secondary sources to avoid having it color my judgment.
when they come out
ehhhhhh not for a while....but you know I stay reppin that 317 all day...
Don't shoot me but I never put your new cell in my phone! Call me!
After watching a large portion of Nuggets/Lakers, my anti-NBA position is strengthened. The level of play is obviously higher, but...
yes you do. Who else would be the only person I tell certain things to
If you want to protect the sanctity of marriage, ban divorce!
You didn't go through torture thankfully. I wonder how many people didn't bother because it was so poorly handled.
“: Who's going to see the Snowman himself Young Jeezy at Market tonight!...” i am
all is good bro...and u?
Hey, chestt! How are you?!
I want to say something mean but I'll refrain. :) RT Do me proud Luck!!!
naww but I can be there in 30
Uggg home and horny
Movie recommendation is Tupac Shukar in "Poetic Justice"
So crazy to find out Tupac was never real. Apparently he was just a hologram the whole time.
I havent figured out how I feel about The Devil All The Time by Don Pollock but it's definitely worth your time. Pollock is a great writer.
scraight up lmao I had a feelin you might say that :o)
I added baby bok choy to it. Perfect addition.
#Vanity nightclub showing some Vegas newbies how to DOUGIE. Follow me on Twitter #RPM nightclub
Ahh...what a busy day!!
MTV's Video Music Award's. Oh Yeah
Visit the booth at the #Health & #Fitness #Expo in this Saturday May 12 #FREE #MASSAGES by
love it! i might for june too. need to start writing again asap! stories stuck in me probly bad for the health!
country girls
"Abstract art makes us think. The less there is to look at the more important it is that we look at it closely." (NGA's Pictures of Nothing)
the slow brown fox waslked past the lazy dog.
Heart, hustle and muscle! -Stacey King
Twitter is the same way!
Happy Holidays from The Picnic (Dave), (Alex), (Jesse), (Adam) & Tyler (No Twitter)
We'll see about that. RT : My exp: All Safeways are anti-bike rack
ASSASSINATION WAS ABORTED WHAT HAPPEN IM BREATHING... IF KING STOOD HERE I TELL U WHAT HE SAID... IM HERE IM HERE
NEW YORK!!!
Follow for updates and special offers!!!
im about to DM you my number , so we hopefully meet up & icn get the costume. . The white one to maxwell
feels like shit.
Party this weekend!Can't wait to hit the lights w/ my gurls <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
What are you guys doing for the #Bucks game tonight?! Are you going to watch the NFL Draft, also?
hahah so true!
Pacers squander a 19 point lead. Lucky to be going into overtime.
Buffalo wild wings!
Print it on a piece of paper, LIGHT THAT PIECE OF PAPER ON FIRE, and check your mailbox for ALL of the cookies.
Headed to the artwalk in long beach. alright!
Hw the fuck is Man Overboard trending? They're shit live...
Welcome to the Chapman Graduate School! :)
the way they've been handling online releases and sales have frustrated me to the point to where I just may stop collecting
MailChimp has loads of features that help you connect with your readers on their preferred social networks.
stressing out about the tryout routine for tm :\
it's all good I can appreciate
The Yankees, Red Sox, and Marlins all losing Opening Day.
Such a nice day in the city! Bryant Park is so festive this time of year! =)
Farmers Market, State Street and 1000s walking for the #marchofdimes makes the #WI Capitol the place to be this AM. Summer is on it's way!
Getting to know an awesome new colleague the last month of school when I'm leaving in June = bittersweet
if I were you I would get my resume together is going to #Fail or become a furniture maker. HA
So #nfl fans ... #Rams pick up 2 firsts, a second, and swap firsts with #Redskins for RG3? Nice. #Colts pondering what might have been.
And the floodgates of goodness have opened upon me - spiritually and financially
Phone=lonely mood=idk
Watching The Real Housewives of New Jersey with Viggle 5/13 | 10PM | Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
ALRIGHT. WHO UNFOLLOWED ME?
I'm ready for vacation!!!!!!b
Yes mam I am!! I will see you tomorrow!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow Sometimes When I'm with you my mind on somebody else
Has a 42-40 team made the finals before or since 1976?
Thanksgiving is 28 days away!
Riding around with my mom listening to Hello on :)
Got new clothes from PINK(: yum <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Last night was epic
Follow -- a top #DC interior #design professional.
oh yeah! Hit repeat on the iPod!!!
awesome like always!
Ink and dagger
Congratulations to the Sooners for their BIG 12 victory and thanks to All OKC Party Bus passengers for a great weekend!
it is early yet. Lots of game to play yet. Maybe they are trying to make it interesting. Happy New year
*Brushes teeth*
Potential adopter is coming to meet him this afternoon. Picked up the packet so didn't have to this morning.
why does Parky have to Purina?
Hey, you don't have to or anything, but if you want to, feel free to nominate me for a Pushcart Prize.
I think they should change the #tebowing pose from kneeling and praying to lying flat on your back...
I will bring the bread :)))
#8: Obstructing an officer (lying to the police), FINE:
Probably the best mix anyone has made me since my Reizenstein days.
So proud of my best friend, business partner and now sister queen ! Congrats, love!! The are up to big things!
Can a plane (not the passengers, but the plane itself) be skanky? Because this plane feels skanky to me.
Just downloaded the free new album. It's not bad.:)
Hah. Then again, I'm not sure it would be bad thing.
The most fascinating option ALWAYS wins
Do you need Air Conditioning service we can help call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Am I the only person who stays locked in their room practically all day during the daytime? RT if I'm not alone.
Goal 2: Living the Dream ahh love this movie :)
I'll say I hate a song then you'll go request it the whole night long
“Tact: the ability to describe others as they see themselves.” <U+2015> Abraham Lincoln
That's a compliment, by the way. I'm not a dick.
It's official I can't replace my now moved visiting teaching companion.:( At this point a husband would be very handy. VTsub & pnutjaropener
Michael Come back to Madison! We could use you!!
That reminds me that I'll be 48 in less than 90 days
Desmond with walk off homer for Back to now
Earth to Major Tom...this is a BaMu test
Yes, and I didn't like it.
Infant filled flights are fun
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today. Malcolm X
I'll get back there one of these days.
Do they still have ringbacks???
. Ha. Asked , just to be sure! Angels & Airwave's led by *the* , from San Diego + the band blink-182.
FUCK YES. OMG.
--> Not yet. I plan on reading it though.
You'd make a good crow. You're wasted in radio!!!
just made a new video ....get on facebook or youtube and check it out
just do lunges or run in place during every commerical break... you wont feel so bad! lol BTW we need to do lunch soon!
lol I hope in the end I can convince her of your way of thinking otherwise I'm toast lol
I can't watch, I can't watch
Heehee...would you believe I got the idea from a twee fashion site I follow on Pinterest?! LOL.
Diversity Platinum! Two new restaurants on board! Lulu/Palm Springs and Acqua Pazza California Bistro/Rancho Mirage.
sweet! When did you get one?
Best Price High Sierra Trapezoid Boot Bag Boot Bag, Black Reviews ...
enjoying this Saturday morning!!.
Where are the facts about babies? I need some baby facts!!
Awesome!! I am going to be with my film fest at Villanova ce soir - gonna miss everything! :(
Why do you think we all have a need to root for someone or team, often an underdog? I think it keeps hope alive why do you think we do it?
i wish i could sing.
today is the only thing on my radar. Good luck today bestie.
Thanks to #chevysxsw for saving me from walking lots and lots of blocks!
Is that like a coconut something with a load of raw pork?
aw, I've seen a few men pull off pants-in-boots stateside. Only leather, not rubber (unless you're a fisherman or farmer).
fine, how's your day so far?
In bed exhausted had a great time now to rest and get ready for BMTH tomorrow :-) whos going ?
Depression has a way of making you drowsy.
Great! Thanks so much!
Gold bugs. In caves. Back into the earth they plunge.
Commence the next edition of #MarathonWriting in the office!
follow me? (:
Sure, looking forward to it.
what is the best, most durable, with many options & user friendly BLENDER for a Fitness Professional?!!
sees several different forms of precipitation within the last 24 hours - rain, freezing rain, snow, sleet, and fog.
Adam, I think we will see new development in next few hours.
Come hand out at the Taphouse Grill and play a little pool with us!
Z before work ;)
Don't know if I should stop eating as much or just work out more. Hahaha.
RT : All Fairfax County public school activities for this afternoon and evening are canceled. More at www.fcps.edu
Used to play against in high school. The guy was FILTHY, and it shows in the NHL today.
Bang bang bang! I'm breaking in, stealing all my love back giving it to her.
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're producing that into a production too.
Getting ready to see tonight's new episode of supernatural yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for including us!
u got ur weave and eye lashes at the same time buy 1 get 1 half off lol far from cute girl an im not joking
Doing some research on the digital music industry - does anyone know anyone that would be helpful to talk to?
Yo man. Can I leave some of my stuff with you over the summer?
Gotta get up and hit the gym..I've had a three day lay off...
Sex relieves tension - love causes it.
I 100% know the feeling #dragginghard. Thanks for the kind words - we'll keep the shows coming for ya!
Kobe is shitting all over Denver right now
The Sandman never visits me. <U+2639>
lol but still sad my face was covered with make up i hate when they have to put that =(
Don't forget the novel,LEAVING ATLANTA, by , abt growing up during the murders. We're making a movie based on it.
Upset alert!!!
I saw so many freaks at Freaker's Ball tonight.
updated my twitter lists, you're now part of my UB-Staff group :)
The joys of campus housing- coming home to find construction equipment in your kitchen and the school has no record of why it's there...
Lots coming up in 2010...check the SGOTY flyer! Spend Saturday Night with Vegas' Finest!
cool, thanks, I'll pass it along
much love to memphis..i videotaped the 2011 playersball in memphis..and enjoyed myself.#nf #fb teamJuicyJ
and the comprehensive Curriculum of basic skills workbooks
Travelers, there is no path, paths are made by walking - Antonio Machado
My Whole TL About Beyonce . She Must Be Really On Her Shit
His heart is secure, he will have no fear; in the end he will look in triumph on his foes. Psalm 112:8
I vote this.
Ryan Hollins is taking his M.L. Carr role very seriously
Pretty good day at work. A lot of crazy stuff... And we're barely getting started. Oh yeah.
Spring treating you well over there?
She's like a 6 pack Easily passed around...
Strong burn. Now we're ready to box the world.
just bought tickets to go see wooooop :-)
#3WordsForYou I love you. <U+2661>
wonderful! I might have to do a bit of a weekend in the theater soon...so many good movies.
I'd love to meet up with you guys too, and let me know if you do the meetup
Going all the way out to Vienna to pick up strawberries for the pies this week. The things you do for strawberries.
you can do it! If it helps, I am heavily involved in student orgs, I take 25 credits and still have a 4.0. Now get to work. ;)
Scanner Monitor: Powell Middle school Vehicle slide off into the creek. Littleton
I know who it is!!
Get ready to start telling your friends Bout
To answer the Golden Valley questions... It was a lunch event. A time capsule to be placed in spring.
really enjoyed your performance last night! Thanks :)
I don't think I know
You fell in love... Oh
anyone else watching the xolos-monterrey game? mexicans? no?
Having food fights and being blamed even though I had nothing to do with it #schoolmemories -.-
Just shot 18 gb worth of photos of law enforcement dog training. I got to wear the bite suit and have a dog turned loose on me. Awesome!
Those poor runners :-( I almost don't want to go watch them suffer through that...
Omg. This bitch got the kissy face in every fuckin picture!!! Kill that!
Everyone take the time out to rest on another beautiful #Sabbath Day. Set yourself apart on this day by #following ALL God's commandments!
sounds like a bitch
Lady my suit cost me more than your monthly mortgage payment. I think u will be safe on the elevator with me. Color arousal is a mother...
do you guys have a link to that Bears song I heard on the show tonight?
I know!! But it's ok! I can watch alone! He rolls his eyes at Twilight too, hehe
That other dude is the generic crazy bread to your authentic Crazy Bread
Thanks for the RT! What's new in NY these days? Haven' been up there in a month or so.
<U+0093>If you<U+0092>re going through hell, keep going.<U+0094> - Winston Churchill
Gruden vs Kiper - mondo berserko fight on ESPN. Weirdness Live.
Hey, I'm planning on applying to BMI this August. Any chance I could pick your brain via email?
T-Mobile pissin me off...!! Why am i getting my texts late?
What kind of guy Kimberly's daughter is NOT allowed to date... help us out!
LG android Batteries suck
I wonder if the top 3 gets a line somewhere like idol finalists get record deals. I hope so cause all of them are so talented!~
You do know your other friends got hurt by that.
yes! I miss the Yuba everyday.
Woke up with a really watery eye and fuzzy vision in my right eye.
Maybe i care to much about my lyrics having meaning and making sense. Imma go back to being ratchet!
Don't miss importance of human contact in trying to get PR - sometimes it's appropriate to call instead of emailing.
why is my 18 yr old brother trying to convince me that he saw 3 UFOs this past weekend?
Whats the big news, mister?
Watch out for us on tomorrow between 9:10 and 9:30 a.m. to see our fitness line in action!
I will be Monday
The people who don't like me don't even have a legitimate reason to why they don't. *shrugs*
At Java joes with Pablo jazz duo w/ guests.
aww!! I sent my info, it was similar to the fuse email bit with more questions!! lol
You say you're really gonna try.
Cant believe how fugazzi we are
It's evidently the place to be at Noon before Super Bowl!
is looking forward to my interview this morning on with Moxy Recording artist
Glued to the t.v. all the time now
Cheryl Burke and Chad Ochocinco -- Walking with the Stars
Keeping busy-doing well-and you?
I need money! Paycheck please!!!!
looks forward to ringing in 2011 - in a mellow way :)
I'm gonna miss you so so so much! <U+2764>
Shoplifting at an Albuquerque Target, with a friend and three small children, Nicole Valenzuela used her baby as a shield, to avoid capture.
u are such a great singer!! Iv seen your videos on youtube and ur soo cul! :)
so productive!
Petrino still shares some love for UofL. Check out this pic from his house which is now up for sale. Can you spy the Cardinal head?...
I know. It would help if I didn't bark at them. ;)
Why does #RecallWalker get all the attention? Don't forget to #RecallKleefisch (aka #Recall4realz) too!
Thanks for the RT! Looking forward to a great TedxYouthDay in Miami!
Hoping the hawks and m's come through for auction donations! That would be sea town spirit to the max!!
Yes, that's where they belong.
More Notable Birthdays: Janet Jackson, Brian F. O'Byrne, Tucker Carlson, Tracey Gold, David Boreanaz.
Weirdly, none of them accepted my offer of spiked apple cider. (p.s. never combine Dayquil with spiked apple cider.)
My clients are playing flip cup with cocaine instead of booze. This is normal behavior...
you should check out the foreign film Don't Move. Its a good one.
Always smile--it makes people think you're up to something :-)
I wonder what I should get my mom for mothers day
I know
Is it unusual that he didn't inform SG or JW first?
#whosgonnalose - Pittsburgh v North Carolina - tie vote
Isaac is very impassioned about this.
Nathan Fletcher for mayor???
If I'm with you, I'm with you. Nobody else matters.
Come on by this Fri. and see us, Third Stream Giants, at The Otter House, 1005 Princess Anne St. Fredericksburg VA.! :)
Today's the first I've ever seen it
17 page math packet. Due tomorrow.
SAM KELLY IS THE WINNER OF THE SEMI FINAL YES :D
TRIVIA: What is the legal term for a voluntary written statement made under oath?
that's a great idea and I will now plan to do that! See ya at rodeo?
Graduation ceremony ended @ 4:00, just now getting to the car.
AAU talk: talented teams that put a premium on D Are the teams that are winning and are being followed by coaches. Simple concept.
#dontactlikeyounever got hung up on & didnt notice but when u did u was looking dumb founded
whip it.... whip it... like its jiffy..!! All this money.! Gotta get it.!
California recruits tend to commit late in the season. Great catch for the Trojans with Hawkins.
Met iconic tv venezuelan personality Beto Perdomo and he said I had an excellent future in tv! life is good
Feeling a little bit better this morning.
any summer youth jobs?
was looking #sosweet with the clean shave in preparation for a big first day at his new gig. Best of luck today sir.
BEST FRIEND STOP SNORING
to go to college
PCFF Tickets on sale in 35 minutes!! The cheapest way to buy is in person at the Plaza Theatre Box Office.
Agreed. Call was accurate under the rules. Just is ticky-tack compared to personal fouls.
I love this! So cute! I'll show Cossette! Thanks!
G.M.N.I.: I'm the Juggernaut, BITCH!! And I got a bitch w/ me!!
I just wanted to tell you that your prom dress looked AMAZING! I loced that silly pic of you and Alex (:
Mitt Romney in DC next Tuesday for fundraising event. "Lawyers for Romney"
I have a pic on my phone of a "toy" doing a disappearing act in my body
get ready lmao Better than all of our others lol
Such great energy this morning...
thanks! Not currently a way to hide unread counts, but I'll add it to my list.
LOL I think I saw him in the concession stands getting some popcorn
It does!
We still universities, but we need them OPEN. at
Tonight would have been a good night to have cable. Must see GLEE!
- After time at on Congress I am enjoying some espresso at Frank - Good job
“: thanks !”Your welcome!!
My taste in music varies greatly
We're deep in 2012, and yet many of the best type foundries still expect us to use sIFR. That went out with IE6 and cufon.
your on a following spree?! Omg. If you followed me that would make me the happiest girl in the world!
Some men choose to wear a goatee. Others favor a chinstrap, mutton chops or a Van Dyke. These days I'm sporting the "neglectful teen."
Going 2 cook ur fav meal,run u some bath water,massage u,lick & suck ur pussy,& give u this good dick 4 no reason at all other than I love u
Congratulate me,I've 4 months with my bfd today)))I love you
Well it's pretty much amazing so… ^_^
Times have change so fuck it and get a new watch;)
So proud of my lil brother. He finally got his sh1t together.
#Thatawkwardmoment when you have a wedgie the size of Saturn
Bucking papa bear Demint as stevekingism... RT : Steve King says he will attend Obama speech tomorrow, despite DeMint comments.
came to the lab ready to go in and got humbled by these beats... Now I gotta come up with a new game plan.
You would say that, and can't wait to see you! Hope the FL trip was fun, glad you boys survived!
2 AM has a REALLY annoying way of sneaking up on you, especially when you have a class in the morning.
Thank you soo much! How's the family?
I heard a "yes", "no" chant during Extreme Rules, Bryan vs. Sheamus match right after the second fall. :-)
TGIF, Lube Nation! Kick off your weekend with some WINGS from The Lube!
at the rate we're all training there may be no members able to make the Clydesdale weigh in.
Why the fuck u tryna play me dawg I aint gon no time to sit around and play wit yall!
*laughs* i knew you'd appreciate that one. i miss you again. it has to be time to meet up!
Grindin and Workin hard is super worth it if its gon make my Future seeds life better than mine!
what should i do if my friend is trying to kill herself after being bullied??
sum1 was living in my house and did sumthin they shouldnt have so i robbed my house and took all they shit. Then called the pol ...
Busy preparing for this upcoming Legislative session.
Err-Day I make sh*t happen #Hustlin'
Ready To Get My Day Started #Focused <U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
got all pieces for 8feet long4feet wide4feet high savannah monitor lizard enclosure I got too long of screws to put it together
The way i feel not wanted
Just spotted Miley at Lincoln in Miami,not hard considering all the paparazzi -.-
My last four meals in Chicago have all been lamb. My friends tell me it is acceptable to brag in this case.
Happy Birthday !!
Nice one! The red is distinctive. Famous Wake scholar used to cram two lines of notes between lines of text with calligraphy pen
thanks for the note, F. I'll have my comments about the OWS track to you this weekend. In short, I like it.
Articles about what? Online databases are just replacements for the old print indexes-lots still in libraries. (RGP now online!)
camilla knock them bitches out mimi whack ass
RT : I think that XMIII should be Porcupine Tree Live at the Royal Albert Hall, if you agree, RT!
Jus got threw runin in the rain from the Jeff city state captial
Drafting a top DL at #6 sounds great, but then I remember the names Courtney Brown and Gerard Warren [shudder]. Esp. D'Quan Bowers.
You goin tomorrow?
&#39;American Idol&#39; recap: This race is too close to call
Say "fly-ass". -30 swag points RT Get a fly-ass haircut. +25 swag points
Motivate - That is quite different from being rash.
lol.thanks cant wait to see them. have a blast!
Awesome tribute to Springsteen at Kennedy Center Honors. I didn't miss it!
Todays goal- Do one thing better.
Oh, internet! I'm in Seattle and I sent you a DM.
.#Rossen. Remember when moms needed to know the "dignity of work" ? I guess that's different 4 white rich moms! Sickening
If you like baseball, hell if you like sports in general, turn on MLB Network or ESPN2 to possibly see history.
But for some reason I don't want this year to end...
I'm watching the last house on the left ! (:
beat that bitches,
well you have to think: do I really want to look like a bear man?
RT : Life is full of beauty. Notice it.
Almost! I had to stop at my grandpa's. But I'm on 92nd, I gotta put my boots on then I'll be ready (;
We can only wish. Musburger forcing him to drink beers": Any chance Herbie can hustle over to AZ to do color for the Fiesta Bowl?"
Sitting with my sick dad in icu :(
We're glad =)
The end is just a new beginning.
May the Fourth, blah blah blah
says I should say "hi" so HI
"Fanperson" just doesn't sound... enthusiastic. I'm not a fangirl of that word.
This is the first time I have opened my laptop since 11:30 PM on Saturday. I needed a break from work and my laptop for a day!
awesome :) looking forward to seeing you there!
Johnny Depp in Sin City 2? Life = Made
So I think the official drink of the weekend is the Bloody Irene
Contact for more information. :)
how does she stalk him?
Fucking right!RT : Moms Taught Me To Respect Women But Some Of These Women Today Don't Deserve A Bit Of Respect From Me......
The most glorious day in new york city....winter blues are officially gone!
Oh gosh, could 's tweets be more random? Haha :D
yeah, after 5
You gotta go to that Sports Business Conference on April 28th for class?
How many times have I said this.. Oh and I need a breathalyzer for my Facebook PW..
Dunno, cant speak for all of you. I'm the unknown, the x factor, the random face on the street of the IBL.
Can't deny Common.
My best friend is on that team. Check him out! I'll tell him you speak highly of him.
Actually, once found my 7yo brother watching a video of drunk people pretending to be spiderman (via youtube search)
We have lunch and hoops! : RT : Where are you taking in March Madness? DT
Ugnghh derek rose is so sexy ;D
Jamaican food is the best for sure! RT : Yummy! :)
Super Bowl was awesome you guys! I hope you enjoyed the 2 for 1 hot wings!
Is there a Straight Edge version of Burning Man? Possibly in a place with more shade?
#ff DO THIS
Hi Irene, - love myofacial- had it done eons ago B workshop & so powerful. Nice to meetya from
looking forward to hearing about it....3 weeks beauty!!!! ;)
you suck!
I should clarify - What shocked me was that she changed in light of how well journos have been digging up dirt
interesting note on Wilber. Felt Miss St ran @ him w/ success in Bowl game. Seemed similar mold as Jones, Walden.
Midterms are on Thursday and Friday. -_-
Dear Jersey Shore folk, y'all really need to get a different type of life. Pretending that you're at Karma?
r u jealous that i won the ultimate prize of my own doodoo in a light truffle sauce.....
lets get studying
See you tonight!
I saw a picture of the water of Greece not exactly what I had in mind
Was Nick stoned?
is the voice reality tv?
ALL things... Good Morning Tweeps! Be A Blessing Today! "Happy" Friday! >> It was way too early to spell check. :)
Got a killer shipment of and at my last night- loving the vivid colors coming in this spring!
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. - Thomas Jefferson
You are so lucky, my dream is to go to Canada!!!:)
To be beautiful it not about looks it about your state of mind.....
the Lions have the talent now they need the poise and patience to make it happen!!!
so ready to get this accounting final over with!!
Looks like I shouldnt drive anymore, theres a chance of me dying
By too soon I just meant that they can't possibly get the hologram ready in time! haha
Lots of late nighters for Christian Marclay's The Clock. Great to see art-infused night life like this in LA.
Just spotted Anna Paquin & Stephen Moyer in & crowd. How is Sookie not endorsing the ?
Waiting for the big Puppy Bowl Baby!!
'Straight Edge' people annoy me. I'm all for people not drinking or doing drugs, but it doesn't make you a better person.
it's affecting my brain
lucky! Have fun:)
Enjoy ur day... do sumthin memorable, we only get these every 4 years
Just one day until #GUBday on January 23, 2012! Come out to Sellinger Lounge tomorrow for birthday cake and to make a wish for Georgetown!
At yesterday's #LovePDX event explained how to use customer journey maps to gather user research. Nice job, Barb.
Feng Shui Tip: CLEAN OUT those spaces you don't see (under your bed, closest, drawers) - any blocked energy stagnates the entire room.
take my hoodie tomorrow (:
I feel awesome because I didn't go out last night.. although a bunch of people showed up at my house at 2 AM... randomly.
no problem:) x
Loved the chapter about your Father, thank you
so glad it was helpful! thanks for sharing!
Hee! It's a kick to see someone having such a good time in my city!
Super excited for the outreach tonight although I'm not attending I'll be praying
Starting to miss the sun
Happy St. Nick's! Think I'll eat cookies for breakfast in his honor.
Aerodynamically, the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that, so it goes on flying anyway. ~ Mary Kay Ash
I hear that too! It's the small things... :)
That depressing moment when you shout out the wrong answer in class with CONFIDENCE
happy valentine's day :) my boyfriend got me hello kitty stuff! knows me too well.
it's not insomnia. it's just too much work.
Hey Eliza, let's talk before the end of the conference, want to get more feedback on your sync situation :)
now my back hurtz
Ms. Moore, here me roar!
You shouldn't judge anyone for what they've done, because people change.
We'll keep ya in suspense until next week. How do you like those apples?! Ha! ;)
All dance all night: 1st up: at Shakespeare Theater Company and then hopefully #song1 party
It matters, because if you're buying the elite label as a shortcut to success, you might be surprised at what you get
Who will be in #Vegas this weekend?
i was somewhere in the front
We jus came to the soufside to by sum shit to get our mind right.
er....she fought the shorts and the shorts won
Clara Bingham believes abortionists should pay a "punitive tax" to cover the lost tax revenue from the population that never was
“: We only play for titles. RT : how come you guys don't hang the division banners?” Gangster!
Not ready for monday!
i always use to see you around south atlanta &woodstock(: i'm such a loser for not knowin' who u were in march2011-_-
AJ deserves this W. Finish em off.
you expressed my feelings
When somebody really cute follows you,omg
Just found out I'm going to the doctors at 5 . -____-
Sox - Orioles. They won, and put up 8 I think in the 1st. Plus there was a big fight with Papi! Haha
#FuckFeelings... Ima say what I have to say.
yo get ready for the macker were in the same division haha
I was on a whole 'nother level last night. Damn.
why dont I ever get a tweet from you? just a simple hey will make my dream come true. I love you!<3
There's some serious LARPing happening at the park right now.
were you at grand ave. today?
Hi! Happy Thanksgiving (late)!
FOLLOW US WE FOLLOW BAK NEW KILLUMINATI HIP HOP GROUP EMERGING OUTTA DALLAS, TX NO POVERTY NO MORE FOLLOW DA MOVEMENT
Leaving in a few on a boat cruise to dinner at #Amsterdam 15 Restaurant. Hope to see all #SOCAPeurope attendees there!
Find something else, find something better. And yes, totally give a speech and who's coming with me.
We will be there from 12-9!
LACROSSE SECTIONALS LEGGOOO <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
RT : EdVillage is thrilled to be a partner of Together, we will transform education practice in South Africa!
UKC PR' GIDDIMS' GOOGLE is waiting to go home with his new Family in Gaithersburg :)
I wish ppl well stop talking BS all the time
i mean igot the app on my ipod ,, but its soo far away !
python scraping session time
baby do u still wanna be my wife and why did u block me :'( :'(
. says that this is America. We don't ban things. We can burn the flag.
Don't run with scissors
When I get back to school my sleeping schedule is going to be messed up.
Sorry to hear that :( Did they break the window?
MY MAMA & MY LATE FATHER STARTED MARRIED LIFE IN BATTLE CREEK MI THEN GOT CAREERS IN KALAMAZOO MI
I agree there is NEVER a good reason to use them. I think in all honesty he thinks it is the only option to stop the leak.
some people just really need to die.
get them cheeks up.
Back at work after a blissful 5 days off with the hubby. We just stayed home. So much more relaxing than a vacation!
Completely safe call #nodefections": RT : HmMT : Ginsburg. If shock defection from left, it will be her."
Enjoy life!!!
Its a beautiful day on the Plaza. Join us for live music starting in 30min.
#PetPeeves when people don't mind they buisness.
Sittin alone in the living room...no love from the roomies tonight
60 and sunny yesterday and now I'm pretty sure I see snow on the ground. I'm very confused.
Thanks Pete! That's sure to soothe my poor throat. Hurts to swallow :((
Draw Something : iiAhmad =D
Woohoo! Looking forward to it! RT before i know it, its going to be my dinner date with the fabulous !!! Can't wait :)
": Ram wit it, just ram wit it, girl just ram wit it got that shit in my head lol" > Gone get that Choreography :)
thanks! Not a problem, I'm happy to help. Will they be sending you back again?
Not to play instigator, but that looked like some weird interaction between Bynum and Brown heading to the bench just now...
Also, prunes are basically candy. Especially when rolled in coconut flour.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 282
Newt Gingrich successfully delivers a pre-planned joke: Drink 10.
Listening to "Holes" (Sachar) on audiobook with my boys. Also reading "True North" (Bill George et al) and "Catching Fire" (Collins).
are you goin to howlin rain tomorrow? noticed you listened to their new album
Sunday!!!!! Time for some Football!!
Great event tonight at Love Stories and
Pops got me green tea!
she can't loose it running forward. I think she will get wider
Agreed! Thanks again and I look forward to the next one!
Yay Lauren! I hope to make it down to see it!
Wow. I sometimes wish I could hand out mouth filters. Maybe we should invent some as a gag gift. ;)
I'm never spelling somethin with a 'g' ever again...lol :) <U+2665>
headin out for a quick skate then back to work.Working on art for a show opening March 17th!
I ain't even said nth yet look yo ass already over there nervous and you call me sensitive haha
Whaaaaa? He's alive?
Any body remember when U of I was relevant??
I like big boi penis.
#Fever - awesome track. Loved hearing it on mixmag's live stream. Big ups from Washington, DC!
Happy birthday we are another year older yooo
Overheard at practice last night: "It's not a tour if you have to go to work the next day."
Gotta fake it to make it
thank you sir, I imagine you got a 4.0 as well?
I love morning, especially if I manage to welcome the sunrise. Doesn’t happen often though…
I went to sleep at a reasonable time last nigh so I'm up early I ain't even gonna ask you why u up
M hm guess I gotta get up & work LOL! I hear ur gonna b back in town soon": Almost 7am...guess I'll get some sleep now! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>"
So excited for "warm" weather !
“Masking passwords doesn't even increase security, but it does cost you business due to login failures.” -Jakob Nielsen
Atletic Bilbao just wrecked manU.. Shouldve scored more but DeGea saved them.. Beautiful soccer
Melkmans assist was HELLA better than Morgan's grab. Seriously.
On the way to Burlington, IA for a gig... Ready to get out of this van.
Karma got world peace.
*stands up & gives a standing ovation* That was the funniest twitter rant in the history of the universe!
Excited to head to tomorrow for the reverse career fair!
*sigh of relief* Thank the lawd!
why did you tweet me and delete it lmfao
let's get real, chex mix is the food with it's own food group, bacon is... bacon just sucks
lmao thats cuz everyone uses it...umm try something with a words and munbers, a combination of both will help your chances
You're welcome.
teh rain. it is come.
you are so nice
He does it himself, I think.
DC Race for Mayor, Vincent Gray vs Adrian Fenty....Wow Gray is winning, Mendelson is winning ( good job)
hurray for pineapple!
Described as "Woody Allen doing vaudeville," COBO welcomes Thursday. Come by for a hit of the good stuff!
": (nothing today)... what u getting into"
Mood Laptops the next big thing! I just think they are pretty :) I would need 10 colors for moods !
I already follow her.....Does that count? Haha
": Anybody know what an X over a string on guitar tabs means? Is that a palm mute?"its a dead notes, nothing fretted hit string
The Social Hoe
Number of PGE customers without power due to storm continues to drop. Only 1525 in Washington County, 653 in Clackamas, 908 in Marion
very astute observation. Perhaps desperate clinging 2 sexual prowess when male limbo lessens due to natural aging process?
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
you mean redemption lmao
Wake up!
ya lil slut.
It's officially National Career and Technology Education Month! A whopping 17,000+ students are enrolled in NISD CTE programs.
What a tweet it is to have you! RT : What a tweet it is to work here
I'm watching the godfather
Hello to one of my favorite Brummies, !
last day in NYC (until later this week!): Toronto tomorrow for 4 days.
Don't call it a comeback!
Nope. Skinny though.
the best #vma performance was Linkin Park awesome song!
You're welcome!
Ibanez is going to have a 30 100 year. Unreal. Way to go RAJ!
Can't sleep, wish I had my girlfriend here to cuddle with.
Champion Women ’s Sem-Fit Fitness Pant,Black,Medium Reviews
this is the tip of today MW3 tip of the day:wen u want to get extra pints use escort airdrop to share crates with teammates
"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a deeper understanding of ourselves"
We're quite surprised that not many of you know about our 50%off sushi menu. Please check it out!
Gifts.... to your biggest investment, ur home. We are State General and State Roofing Contractors. 305-232-3344
#oomf be mind fucking himself.. Always think I don't mean what I say
there's a freedom being able to say what you want w/o people judging you.
damm leave the jack in the box alone.
Apparently there was an attempt to recreate Malmo as well. (learning good things here #cdp21)
My last Civics test (before the final) is on May 24th. That seems so far away.
Now that Barack Obama has been sworn-in as #44, maybe now would be a good time for me to get back to work.
Quit your day job and have some fun
BAD NEWS: Tim is not playing with us tonight... he is on tour with GOOD NEWS: We are testing a new song tonight!
played big part in the season for me. thanks
If u always follow the rules u will never see the value in having fun
My text buddy has a new girl so i guess im old news till they stop talking.. *Sigh*
WSJ: "York Peppermint Patty Shares Plummet on News of 's Lenten Commitment."
is on now! My two favorite people who make me laugh so hard it's crazy pain.
this movie is so sad
yall i almost hit with my car driving down the street yesterday...he was on his bike in the middle of pulaski..lol Sorry
<U+200E>"It isn't sufficient just to want - you've got to ask yourself what you are going to do to get the things you want." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
With my pals at Al Deeby #Chrysler #Dodge #Jeep #Ram in Clarkston till 7. Come pick a present off the tree with
xD I have no life. That's why. ;D >FOREVERALONE< ;<
#ICanHonestlySay it's the start of an amazing week!
what u into??
small grabber...but i'm feeling fine now.
Indeed, my whole bedroom is in brown and green.
Learning to love the cheeseless pizza.
RT : XLVI letters are going up on Monument Circle today. Really enjoying the pre-game energy in #Indy!
You're welcome. Glad to tweet with you here! RT : Thanks for the follow
Wanting those who want to be healthy and live a full life, send me a tweet!
GREAT JOB TODAY BOYS!!! great meet, avon!
I know! haha! But it's not even 11pm yet! :]
Four nominees down and one to go. Who do you think it will be? Who is the frontrunner so far for #POTY1862?
Come to Virginia.(; <3
Jonny Craig gives me so much hope. Omg.
I had so much fun last night hanging out with my sis at webber's, and my play brother and his mom who is so sweet
Predicting a Crowie / Raelert photo finish!
All great work is preparing yourself for the accident to happen. --Sidney Lumet
Q3 I had to replace a surge strip this week because it caused a laptop charger to get hot. Lesson: check them regularly!
get her a card an write 228-5717 in it, she'll love it
so true always take your time. If not may regret it in the end
Well said ! RT : Never be afraid to be yourself. Remember an original is worth more than a copy.
Damn you sleep paralysis!!!
what in the world is selfridges??
Pat Robertson isn't qualified to speak about any issues except how out-of-touch he is with modern society. Go away PR!
going to my brothers baby shower today .. i am already spoiling my nephew, its gonna be worse when he is born :/
"Boner Voyage"
WELL... ON THE FACEBOOK LINK GOOD SIR....STAY TRUE TO SELF MOFOS
charles barkley for blazers gm!!
Good morning texts>> :) shows how much you care
Ugh I'm so sore!!
Maybe...it goes up and down all day long. Some days it is down almost the whole day.
Since I arrived in Cali its been super busy I need to sit back and take a breath ….still gotta keep it movin …..
Life is like a slideshow all the things ive seen all the things ive gone thru seeing my lows my highs all my experiences that lead me to now
Thank god for people that put boring stuff on the Internet, my broken hvac was fixed by a tiny tiny fuse
LET'S HAVE AN ANTI-PROM!
yeah i understand that but they can't resist not being jealous :p
hahah well I don't trust people I don't know doing my work!
Loved Quinceanera. Thanks for the follow. Excited about your new project. Spreading the word now.
When someone ugly has your name >>>>
I did my best!
I thought passing obamacare was pretty effing big
#2 words (follow both)
beautiful soul is playing in walmart #throwbacks <33
great blog on an AfrAm Edu Agenda: 1st, there need 2b a change in mind-set via parents, comm at-lg, & ed sys=pre-k on up
whoa he's cute:)
I woke up feeling horrible. I'm getting sick. :/
I LOVE The Way You Sing.!=) You Have Such A BEAUTIFUL Voice.! I Wished I Could Have A CD And Autograph Of You.!
You are not going to loot a candy store in the middle of a war!
DRUDGE SIREN! Romney supports gay couple adoption and didn't know what homosexuality was back in the 60s.
All the kindness which a man puts out into the worldworks on the heart and thoughts of mankind
My favorite James Bond film is the one in which he fought Trevor Plouffe.
Sit Mcgee
See him in Noche Latina! RT : Eddie Liaangs Wunderland performed byTWB would sustain me on a desert island the rest of days
Moon is great; go see it
Learn to drive, Charlotte! Wholly moly ....
That long sarcastic laugh you make before you say no.
redneck: that's a lot of savings...now i need my kids fingers to help me add this up.
Thinking about Valentine's Day plans? How about a 5 course meal of aphrodisiacs paired with champagne at Cuvee Champagne Lounge.
Bo felt this was the only way to get Uthoff to talk to him about why he intended to transfer.
my teacher is such a bitch..
What was Chloe Sevigny wearing last night at the MET gala?
we discussed music as well. But mostly we talked about the grange.
This request for Aimee Mann's hubby came from !
Will you be angry with us forever? Will you prolong your anger through all generations? Psalm 85:5
Follow me on instagram :D
clearly a case of "parents just don't understand"!!
RT if you think the #Badgers are going to win tonight! We have $3 16 oz. Miller Lite Aluminum bottles on special!
Man I aint been on twitter in a minute what the fuck is up?
you already know though
who needs more likes?
I want to live in a farm someone switch with me
Kendra Wilkinson & Her Two Favorite Boys Go Tree Hunting Kendra Wilkinson-Baskett, hubby Hank and son Hank Jr. got into the holiday spiri
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"Bcuz he is also a Very Hard worker...
he was great
Good judgment comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment
Today I ate two slices of pepperoni, a carnitas taco, and a plate of chicken chow mein.
Having lunch to celebrate the 2000th IB World School in the Americas...
Not a fundamentalist, but I can see why God would prefer those two to me.
VBoxManage from command line makes theses tasks easy.
no it won't because it's anger that I'm expressing.
United Sons of Toil. King's Horses. Canyons of Static. Absolutely. All at the Borg Ward tonight. We endorse this.
ty I love you too!
headed to an audition
Thanx for the mention and the very early head start to
...and we're open for business! Come get a Truffled Old Fashioned from Murray and Jamie!
your crew is running off to baseball games!
I just bought & viewed the pilot episode of Pan Am to hear your score, wanted to say that I think you did a wonderful job!
Thank you so much, Patrick!! What a thrill!! I'm posting this on FB. Hope you all had a great time at the Winchester House! xoxo
Happy Birthday to !
I love eating
RT : Calls tonight ?
(3/3) 4) Washington DC 5) Atlanta, GA. Honorable mentions Destin, FL and Chicago, IL
#Broncos Dawkins "they gave me opportunity to just be...they loved me, made me feel appreciated (Broncos)."
hopefully there are things to add that you discover in Colorado, this is the best state to be in for the summertime
Thanks for sharing!
Going to get my nails done soon..then church program(:
We could build one for Ben Sheets and make it outta glass, then take bets to see how long before it breaks.
Happy National High Five Day - give somebody a high five and while doing it, invite them to church with you this weekend
Frat guys shoot the shit. Why dont they just flush the shit and shoot themselves? People will wonder why the sexual assault rates went down.
yeee I'm excited,it's my first time
Getting ready then Christmas Party :)
Treat a girl how you treat your xbox.
RT : Anybody wanna road trip to Atlanta and back Friday??.. This girl will drive! so close so close
We're still number #1 on the ReverbNation Rap charts for Phoenix, AZ. the Best has arrived!!!!! the rest just survived!
Couldn't agree more with the blog post. Personality is the key. Someone could be great looking and have a terrible personality.
Tweeting from 3d meeting 21st Century Conservation Service Corps federal advisory committee, Rocky Mtn Arsenal, Colorado
Hard Boiled (1992), on film
triple h talk a lot of shit
LMFAO that awk moment.when hailey goes to the premiere and sees cody and.kylie.lol hailey SIT
When I tell you this Gambian producer is sick....I mean it. Chey lee fuhnkoi wahey?
I read this and immediately went and listened! It's pretty cool! They are starting to sound like Linkin Park again!
Bosh said he the point guard!
miss sass pants!
Checking out the High Museum's ArtClix app at #mcn2011. Looks to be elegant...
a lot of luck too my friend; and maybe a blowout by somebody...
thanks for the follow! Let me know if you need anything mattress or furniture related???
im on a beach in DR soaking up the sun and drinking =)
For those looking for footage of Donald "Duck" Dunn, consider watching Otis Redding's performance at the Monterey Pop Festival.
details to please.
Looking at weekend library hours & wishing I had opened that late night library that serves alcohol when I first thought of it...
My parents worked w/ my school. I did work @ home & had extra time for missed exams. Can you see if your school will help?
speak your mind 2 those over aged live pro/crybabbies
Sounds amazing, beautiful and slightly poetic. I miss Astoria. All I see are yellow city lights, the skyline and cars.
hey everyone go check out topnotchescorts.net we are all 100% real and the best in houston! Dont miss out
A one-out triple by Mikey Baker drives in Marshall Gei and Eastern takes a 1-0 lead over St. X in the B2.
already know big J up n this <U+E14C><U+E115><U+E330><U+E330>
where did you do your internship?
U was my first ever follower lolRT hey twubby.
REALLY AUSTIN MORE TWEETS?! I have school and TRYING to sleep ! Haha I'm a stay up late until you notice me thats my dream<3(;
I'm on the fence...
Jenga&Juice tomorrow night!
didn't want to answer that lmao! Especially the way it was worded.
u ever done that ?
healthy attitude, healthy mood.....
the bluray should be worth it for the correct audio alone (R1 DVD has PAL speedup, which loses its resonance)
People are so lame. Don't follow me if you're only looking to gain another follower. You will get deleted quick.
on some torrent site :p
Happy New Year! And head is just shy of exploding - working on research presentation at Soc. for Hist. Arch. Conference Thurs.
MY NEW BUS IS UP AND READY I AM SO HAPPY OK BACK TO THE MONEY CALL ME FOR THE PARTY BUS 786 223 1654
Dis is amazing
Spending Valentine's Day alone. LIKE A BOSS.
She cooks with passion. I want her peas, please.
A good number of people miss out on Boston restaurant week menu every year so we decided to send a friendly reminder
Writing update: We brought the 'low and slow' on the latest tune. This album continues to intrigue us as it unfolds. -Joey
Help me #blackra1n, you're my only hope.
Prediction.: Librarians will become greeters in Walmart's implementation of an EMR.
I am my own boss.
One clonazepam and I'm out, Milwaukee. It's been fun.
I fucks wit that Team: ...the characters names in the avengers are "
Got your follow. Thanks. Branding. Cool. Profile should say Beautiful WaPost Columnist, though. Have fun out there, for sure.
Time to pump some iron!!!
The homie is talking lots of French up in here.
Half Priced Bottles Of Wine All Day
I threw a quarter in the well and wished for you . Looks like it came true
at this time in 168 hours , i will be in California !
marketers need to build digital relationships and reputation before closing a sale- Chris Brogan
Really wat part? let me know!!
“: When u get in a fight while u grown after its over u think "why is my heart beating so fast? Am I about to die"” haha!!
Watching who you love do the thing(s) they love is... stimulating.
well come over and cry with me then!
B r B
Cougar Town moving to TBS has me worried about the network's commitment to airing "Pretty Woman" every day.
love you and miss you too! yup, I joined twitter.
Pabst Blue Ribbon 16 oz cans for happy hour!
Hope you can check out our film God $ave the Red, Black and Blonde. A story about sinners, robbers and redemption.
you still in chit town buddy?
text me fool
People who don't value your heart dont deserve to access it
She has an Android. OF COURSE SHE DIDN'T. It prob took her 8 minutes to text/Tweet that to you.
When WaterBoy came out, I wanted one of them fold up cups so bad lol
DEFEAT OBAMA 2012
we just confirmed for our MARCH 1st fundraiser
I am going to have to stop drinking.
we are on KIRO7 with special news 3pm to 4pm before basketball...you have GOT to see what's about to hit!!! HEAVY RAIN again
State of the Twittersphere - June 2009 (PDF)
Just found a guy in the Miami airport with a Bruins Jersey and a patriots hat haha my day has been made
I just found my girls list of first words and two was pretty awesome. =D
#WeStoppedTalkingBecause Your never gone change...
no problem! i'm so proud of how far you've gotten!
Glad to see you on here.
Labyrinth & david bowie >>>
I know, right? I think that instead of holding an aspirin between our legs, we should just all go gay. No more Pill needed.
If you try to reach out and wrap your arms around the people in your organization, your organization is limited by the length of your arms.
No longer doing faqs, so changing this account to & doing Senior Advocacy in the San Diego community.
Arguments - Sometimes when you are arguing with a fool, he's doing the same thing!
of course! books in the burbs is the best name ever, i love it.
yay!!! RT : It's official! I'll be graduating from #SDSU in May! Thx for all your help!
finishes her presentation w/: "Our country is hurting big time." We need to cover the conflict in our own communities
GM ^_^ "Happy Mothers Day"!!! Who run the world? #Girls!
OH btw the new Calvin Klein adds are insane! Loves it <3
so you're telling me that Charles Barkely and Gnarls Barkley are NOT the same person? Things make sense now.
too much fun in Beverly Hills last night! Tonights party should be just as cray!
": Steve could definitely afford a better bong than that. #WeedWars"i know.jajaja
IS PACKED IN FINLAND
You can't realistically support your community without first taking care of yourself
TGIF! Not a moment too soon.
Happy Mother's Day to all mom's out there!!! We never get all the time like the moms and kids in commercials do but we still love you(: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
for those keeping track at home: bambino doesn't like saxophones, does like dance music (from cumbia to paradise garage house)
the lady only has one expression! How do they expect you to watch that for an hour...
It's been so nice hanging out at the beach and watching the blue angels perform
sorry Miss Popular!! :(
My heart lies with the tea party, I think the strategy needs to evolve to something bigger. Co-opting has been their mo, its our turn.
Thank you Mandy!
oh, of course.
Of course "I'll STAB YOU IN THE BUTT!" is an empty threat/promise but, goshdarnit it's just so fun to say.
Josh from #NOIData Bootcamp: As a data manager "get comfortable being uncomfortable."(Photo of a cactus couch!)
"Ignore the environment. It'll go away."
That's gross bro
Man how could you not pull the car over and jam to this Aaliyah mix!
oh yeah - thank you!
Much to be Thankful for this year. 11-0 is just a bonus.
hahahah i saw that too!
u kno how to mix and master good
Poor Jordan... I don't like seeing you sad :(
Not too mention dez bryant and miles austin, if romo's healthy then they'll beast!
well you see my mom and dad decided to get married...the rest is history
sing to me like the weeknd
absolutely! Looking for the backup in case the red one doesn't work.
I will be savoring this Dodgers game more than any regular season contest
didn't speak to me wen she came to my job ;(
I found this new game for Google Chrome called "Angry Birds" - has anyone else ever heard of it?
Just cataloged a book by library colleague/artist, which made me conscientious of my subject choice and classification.
Book club party! #needtimeturnerorTARDIS I'm psyched for my (different) WWII idea.
with our nationwide practice of Security Staffing.
“: how did you find Dakota Striplin?” yeah, it seems like he has no views! I was wondering that too
i know she's like perf sigh
ok it's driving me crazy... what does liil mean?!!
Now a days I swear pizza would get to your house before the police would.
that was the last time for that tho! "yea I added my 3 cents in"
Is laying waste to a mountain of dumplings and BBQ pork at Koi Palace with
I love getting proper rest in like that. What a great sleep ~|~~
No problem :) I'm glad everything is okay now
Thank u for Da
thx peggy. I am 46 on my account.
Power Profile: Amber Yang: via
Are we to present more than one article for participation points?
MSG is showing highlights from the series. They are showing Games 1, 3 and 5, conveniently forgetting Games 2, 4 and 6.
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission. -Fred Allen
Morning mood :( Sleepy..only 3hours of sleep
Last day in Africa!! Visiting baby elephants in an Elephant Orphanage among other things!
Best book on spitting ever: Great Expectorations.
Yo! Did yall send Dallas Fishin yet? We waitin to see the pictures...
What a great tradition! Happy to be the meeting spot!!
Craigy 3 assists in one inning. Set a major league record.
Tony Kornheiser is a d-bag! Someone should kick him in his teeth!
lol yea but not the meaning in the dictionary..lol we came up with our own
No problem!
Ah the smell of postseason in the air. Nothing else like it. SportsMedia101.com
Read it earlier, it is fantastic!!!
We're so glad to hear you're enjoying learning Korean with Mango! And we'd love to help! What seems to be the problem?
can't sleep with a stuffy nose
NO SHES NOT PREGO...but will get married sometime ...lol.
i love him :) was machst du?
M*chigan versus OHIO. The uniforms will look different than Hoke, Belein and Brandon's OHIO. Thanks to the pairing committee for this!!!
CALL ME ASAP!
What the hell is wrong with the #Phillies? I know it's a long season but they look like my #Cubs right now!
exactly. Jus like when the few bad UK fans were dissing Anthony Bennett for not coming to UK. Made all of #BBN look bad.
I can't stop thinking about her since she die!!!!!
...when nothin ass bitches have kids with nothin as dudes...
new icon!
Delighted to see all the tweets of those starting & returning to nursing school. If you are ready for the next steps call (888)682-2761
Great meeting you too Thanks!RT : nice meeting your at #FolsomTweetUp. I'll let my friend know about you! :-)
Term just used at conference, "Flash Attack": Bad guys perform a DDOS against the network while trying to sneak in an exploit
and why are you not sharing it?
well you're gonna love the new songs, cuz I wrote a ton with I can't wait for you to hear the new stuff!
Thank you, Teresa!
What are 3 actions to live a more creative and adventurous life?
There are 9,865 species of birds alive today. (Source: IUCN)
Damn my stomach is touching my spine..I only had 2 granola bars & 2 cinnamon rolls for Bfast lol NOT ENOUGH...Can't wait til lunchtime yo
#ImThatPersonWho still quotes from The Princess Bride and Spaceballs.
user having ability to permission the flow of their personal data is the bridge that connects your "divided kingdom"
r u Tim Tebow?
Somebody Else Will Respect My Loyalty..
very good point. Thanks for your input!!
LOL!! Good question. A good one to ponder on a Sunday
Amaze your fiends with a magic wand that lights up with a secret switch. Make one yourself today from 10am to 5pm.
Does anybody have a PS2 and Kingdom Hearts 1 and 2 I can borrow? :o I've seriously been wanting to play them, because I never have :(
signs pension reform bill
very sweet of you. I'm glad you enjoy it! Hope writing is going well.
So its over yeah were through so imma unfriend u your the best liar ever knew so imma unfriend u #UNFRIENDFRIDAY !!!!!!
and , please email us at with the email address you would like your Amazon gift card sent to.
I know rite ;_;
Cheers for your favorite occurrence in the NFL! Indianapolis Colts are in danger of running the table in reverse. They can't win!
"You get what you Expect."
PLN please give a shout out to my Bengals and wish them good luck on their STAAR tests next week!We are sharing your tweets
Tomorrow nights show with HFB is at Clearwater Casino in Suquamish, WA
When you exceed people's expectations and service them well, you are rewarded with smiles on their faces, customers for life, and referrals!
ball player
Helen Keller born today, 1880. The first deaf & blind person to earn a BA degree. Prominent activist for suffrage, peace, equality
not surprised!
Need a #Records Manager for a #non-profit in #DC! BA and 3-5 yrs of records experience required.
Yeah buddy! We'll have a blast!
on twitter anyway. Show some love to
just that talented, he was the one of the highest rated prospects ever.
...Adoration received. Thank you, Minion. are you paying attention? THAT's how its done.
Up early preparing to leave for this interview
Mom come home I want to go get Starbucks. UGH!
Death to Kirk!
Be sure to Tweet tonight about your favorite moment from #MudPeople Can't wait to see what you are all thinking out there!
adore ur blog, & the article on tasha smith..i luv me sum her ;)
Why would any girl like cum in their face.... It's a #Disgrace to yourself and #WomenKind Plus Bitch Thats just
Wedding day, which will you choose? Traditional veil or #HairFlowers? #WeWantToKnow!
there's still a few seats available in the lab... But yes, it's going to be a busy night
thanks! Will see you mid week for sure.
you play tennis?? I have seriously been looking or someone who plays down here! Tennis date this week please?!
nice to chat w/you. After its all done I'll gladly be babysitter for a proper date night.
I chew too loud.. can't even here myy movie smh
mama taught me well!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
that was a diners, drive in, dive place??? I think??
It's gonna be a romp!
I'm going to try it...I'm still mad that they took away the employee one..Did anyone ever figure out why?
Aey do yall think we should do at single with like this or tell us!
you can fedex overnight my and new iPad. I'll DM my account info. kthxbai!
Let's go #Yankees Let's beat those #Rays again tonight
thanks :-) i still owe you a drink then
Selena Gomez dont need anyone to become famous. She was already famous before Justin Bieber put his videos on Youtube. He was and IS her fan
Good lord, you are a Tweeting MACHINE! Anyway, I'm glad for it, because your content kicks ass. Thanks.
Just caught up with the homie everybody follow him now!!! Pow!11
Markets are constantly in a state of uncertainty and flux and money is make by discounting the obvious and betting on the unexpected"
follow back please? (: xo
Tonight was the worst 'musical' guest in history of all musical guests ever on TV. I'd rather have fire ants eat my eardrums
y'all don't really hear me tho
it's like they are saying "please never come to our house.
I did! PERFECT day!!! It's going to be a great weekend!!
You #DoinTooMuch if you take pictures with your ass on the sink.
: thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your amazing tweets.
R.i.p Jacob Martin jake Spencer from general hosptail
Name an NFL player who is quietly putting together a great year. I'll take Packers RT Bryan Bulaga.
I accidentally participated in bike to work week. (I accidentally a bike to work?)
ah gotcha. thanks. bit st johns fan here and weve loved coach dunlap!!! phenomenal basketball mind.
Lololol This is why Alyssa is my only friend. Because no one will accept the real crazy ass cyco me....lol
!!! Would love to hear sometime. (BTW, you might not have guessed it, but is a HUGE horror/SCREAM fan.)
Never doubted it. Reading your books is like being in a marriage: it pays to take a long view. Thx for everything!
My room is finally clean!!
#ifonlyicould take away all the troubles and worries in your life.. :(
Shhhh. Don't tell 'em I already graduated.
Illinois has recorded 11 interceptions over the last two seasons. That is the fewest among FBS teams in this span.
There is a "lie" in believe, "over" in lover, "end" in friend, and an "if" in life and after Monday and Tuesday even the calendar says W.T.F
"They've got so many Latin players we're going to have to get a Latin instructor up here." - Phil Rizzuto #Yankees ... haha
Thanks for the follow!
Blind ass umpire.
Imm bitchin, great hair, the boys all love to stare (;
why so?
should be drug out into the street and shot...lmao
Not bad for having a twitter only 2 days....Yall showin lots of love n I appriciate that...now lets get some more follower! Please retweet!!
Yes, I thought you'd concur. Great second story restaurant across from the praia central. Carne boa e cervezhinhas!
hey who's driving the these days? Its parked by me these past few days.
I wanna be with right now.
lmao!... y I get that face?
#Fact it takes zero muscles to not give a fuck.
welp, I'm sick as a dog
Happy birthday:* nice life,dunia akhirat wkkwkw. May God always give best things for youu:)
Another great show at studio seven ....thanks unwritten law for having us out...some new live recordings will be up soon....thanks every one
I hope your day is extraordinary!
What's your favorite song?
I am leaving sweethearts! I'll try to tweet tomorrow even I see it difficult. I hope you don't forget about me! xoxo -Jess
Beautiful Morning Dolls. Eye contact shows power & confidence. Look every person in the eye today. Show your inner power. Be Greater
I just put them aways so ah
TRAFFIC: Accident with injuries 12/18 at Deerfield in the Cottage Grove area. Use caution.
#Ithinkitstimeto find a different career
we don't call it Glen Dirty for nothing
yea I had to get me in a quick nap
My Inspiration Will Always Be My Family And Friends<3
Where does the dude who run down Capitol in the summer run at in the winter?
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed lol why would people really do this
Just saw a web banner ad on the for advertising for Fen Phen cases.
i love that song! you should listen to poema! i think you'd like them! :) purevolume.com/poema or myspace.com/poemaofficial
hello!! thank you for following us. check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband
Today, August 24th, marks 24 days until the Premiere of "H2O: Supply and Demand" at the Enzian Theater.
Thanks! made me sound smart.
Bet you don't mind *his* accent, right? Nor the wily Scot's. (and do see Beginners--really good!)
heard the other 16 players all threw in 10 bucks each so bubble boy can get rub and tug !
if i start fightin will any of yall support me?
on October 17th, can't wait! Good luck tonight on Conan
Hola Mr. Doob ! Spent 2 ys (8-10) in Andalusian hills with shepherds learning the slingshot & love Spain, love your work. Need your help.
10:42am and still no response. I'm disappointed in Foursquare. Though maybe they're on Pacific time?
I overslept -.- Gah idk whether to be happy or upset cause I couldn't fade English today .
Thanks for the follow
I love streaming #netflix at 37,000 ft. Thanks #GoGoInFlight!
nothing much what about you ?
Ugh, I was in row Y, I am now in the lawn. :(
I'm So ready to give this last speech!!!! Lol yay! :)
closet full of clothes yet nothing to wear hm
Oh happy day! I can't wait 2 get my hands dirty while #planting my herb #garden!
I love to stay on top of #celebrities Nintendo News: Nintendo Download Highlights New Digital Content for Nintendo Systems REDMOND, Wash.
Fat ass
How tf did Angelica trick the kids into thinking Chuckie was turning into a chicken lol
Studying for math:/ pray for me!:P
You are so pretty just wanted to remind you of that!! Miss you!!
Yea yea yea first born
MT Join us & (author of Pike Place Market Cookbook), for snacks & author talk 5/21 6:30-8 pm free!
Matt, hoped you liked the sound of that chord. Did you score it for the choir?
lmao. You should see the sink...
happy b day T-2!!
party of 5th ave is just crushing the burgh, i have grandmas asking me to play it
I agree that and addressing the generational difference between leadership and young professionals
ok chill
Tell me whoo!!! I wont tell;) Come one now!! Is it Austy?!;)
$NCVT: Its very possible we may see .35 cents or higher in a short period of time!
Proud of St. Thomas for having it's first ever 10-0 season!
Right there with ya!
After consulting with the #OED, I have decided to call the people in my workplace "co-workers" as opposed to "colleagues". Just sayin'...
oh no now u r not going!!???
Did u c my TWEETS about u n reprising ur Roles from THE BOY IS MINE in Movie? I wrote it?
but are you all still speaking to one another?
Angel<3 omg im gonna start practicing
you stole my tweet bishh
you HAVE to come to London!
Margot & The Nuclear So and So's popping up on my Pandora >>
Oh really... well then, let me get off nsfw and and mosey on over. (right after I save this link)
"Prepare for the worst and pray for the best...weezy"
Have to admit after seeing the tweets about Tweetdeck for Iphone, I installed the app & agree the interaction w/the desktop client is great.
U think so? Why thank u!
Hi guys I just made my twitter! :]] FOLLOW ME!!! :D
" where my money at " who says that ?
RT : Next event 10/13 - is cooking us breakfast! Donations accepted (but optional)...
My phone sucks...
thanks for flagging!
#Spring is officially here!
Just watched Florence + The Machine Live on Fuse.
sent! Talk to you soon
I wish I had friends to hang out with
Drinking coffee working on my print portfolio... its all finally coming together. Better days ahead!
My heart is beaten down, but I'm always coming back for more. There's nothing like love to pull you up ... :)
That stupid grin you can't get off of your face when you really like someone you are texting...
Yep it's very hard to do this music without the scores, because every song is in a different language, and one of our songs-
please follow us
win it back for illinois! if they can take our surly & new glarus, then we get back our good GI!
"A pile of rocks ceases to be a rock when somebody contemplates it with the idea of a cathedral in mind." ~Antoine de Saint-Exupery... BUILD
the end was better than the beginning
#Trueconfessions I'm the guy in every POV porno you've ever seen.
Josh Hamilton 4 Home Runs & 1 Double tonight .... 18 total bases
This is why he kicks ass:: : Call me and leave me a message, and why I should call ya back! 646 201 9368
Watching "Indiana Pacers at Miami Heat" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
do you still watch TV? anyone cancel their cable or satellite service? would love to connect and get your story
That's where u going? RT : Sigma party at Ibiza nightclub in dc
I know you are.
that picture was taken a few years ago when he visited a Columbus family for a cookout. He's been a longtime OH guy :)
interview w/ re women,business,jobs, politics. Included , Sandi DiMola, MJ Tocci,
where is it?
If you could see anything in the ocean, what would it be? We would of course choose Manta Rays! But then again, it is also Humpback season!
oh which one? Xo J
oh hell yes!
Hi Emily-- I see you've watched some of my youtube videos and I've watced some of yours. Have a great day. Hugs.
lmao. center fielder pitching for kansas city
lol was I really ? Wow I need to pay attention more .
haa watching looney tunes :D <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> :D
finally finished THE ART OF FIELDING, whew. now I need a new book to read!
it's coming (part of the WunderMap API)
i thought i was the only one!
so where could I find em?
I just have a problem with OVER regulation which is what I think has happened in the past decade. Paul was only alternative to that
I liked Sabathia until he went for the big money. If he'd have left for San Francisco that would have been ok. He sold out.
"aw you aint one of them triflin mommas you go to school n woek u gone take care of yo child"
Performing LIVE tonight at CLOUD NINE in The Gardens....join me from 6-9 for drinks, fun and awesome music....
There are too many Daniel's in the room. #isitwrongtotweetatmyself?
#YouKnowYoureBroke your only form of entertainment is
cool, I'm sure you'll decide to get it.
yo, the link on the shorty award site points to sarah D nadav .com either register that, or have 'em fix it!
Hope the exam goes well!
Be sure to visit our website, rightdirectioninc.org, for updates about our mission, events, and future endeavors.
I NEED A VOLUNTEER To transport my magnificence to a session. Who is up to the challenge?
I DONT THINK IT CAME OUT YET
INVESTMENT-Do you know the financial rating of your health ins co? Can it affect claims and rates? Get your book www.theprofittrap.com
We like to follow local NEO twitters to show support for CLE.
Sipping green tea, listening to Bowerbirds, and anticipating a ride home makes editing math syllabi a joyful experience.
fb status saying they're helping their kid w/ homework and spells busy "bussy" twice...so obviously its not a typo!
Im Gone M.A.D. Money All Day .G.F.B. Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch.
Yeah, I'm not sleeping tonight...
i fly like paper, get high like planes.
I just got why it's called Shoes on a Shoestring.
": fo real fo real -__-"//is there some type of study guide/handbook I can purchase with all this lingo!?
Way to go, RT Each Mets batter is using a Beastie Boys song as his walk-to-the-plate music.
That;s one hell of a rollback.
You're in position to dole out your own #OughtaWinATony list.
the tweet? Or FB?
to be fair, I didn't crush him. Also, Haith wasn't a replacement when Self left for bigger, better things. Aka KU.
Injustice can be removed, but human conflicts and natural limits cannot be removed.
Wasn't Rumi calling IK naive 4 advocating dialogue with Taliban ? Y the silence now that US is doing that ?
OK little bear honey bun! haha
-- I am a far far better dancer than singer.....
Celebrate W. W. Norton authors & friends this afternoon at our wine reception in booths 308 & 309 at 4 o'clock.
Work til 9, start your summer off right and come get a new smartphone!
Should be fun....
my class was cancelled and I went to CAPS - brag or beat?
Remember my old car ,well that was taken away by the #GOP, has the keys now..so join me in this automobile
okay im not either
HoeLies #73: I'm attracted to his personality.
that sucks <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
up pickin out tracks for this disney project.....this year has been full of opportunity that me and tkn full advantage of!
District weekend!
Teacher: We don't have class on Friday. Any plans? Me: *raises hand* Teacher: Ustream is not included! Me: *le puts down hand slowly*
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/23/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Maryland Writers: Follow for updates on writing contests, publishing opportunities, and weekly writing prompts.
Another early bird morning! Let's be productive! :)
I've been so off lately, I know why. I apologize. But I'm good to go now.
#OTGTIPS DONT TALK TOUGH, IF YOU WOULDNT DO IT IN PERSON. THE WORLD IS SMALL
If Black Adder is correct, even the turnip eating could be salacious.
Citizen journalism give people power they didn’t have before
I'm not blind anymore.
Absolutely! Giving ya'll a listen and I dig. Please e-mail me
I know. I re-tweeted cat litter: But that is what we use for our 7 cats. Yes 7 felines. Love them all.
: “: Catholic? U can't just pick & choose which parts are acceptable then give it a new name” -EPISCOPAL
would you prefer to experience augmented reality through goggles or via a set of disposable contact lenses? Cc/
It's sometimes hard to fight the negativities of people who don't believe you are destined to do great things. U R appreciated.
Just did my P90X. I'm beat!
I just got to #BELIEVE that #someday will notice me!
Brewer Magic begins today! “: Happy pitchers and catchers reporting day! #brewers”
she said she not madd but she is
#upstream2012 you are not alone! We welcome working together to share resources and partnerships at
The same person that thinks Kali is a good idea also thinks Lord Tensai is a good idea.
Today's "Judy" Duty approach? Based on hair length. Short: Guilty. Long: Not Guilty
WHERE DID YOU HEAR THIS.
#casting Casting call Casting Print Rate: $2500.00 + 20% agency. Non union video rate option : $750.00 + 20%
im lost
wish I could, but I'm in San Fran - enjoy!
After watching #BasketballWives im glad im not a basketball player.
Alice, you blind? Can't you see that's my brother?
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for ..
You're so welcome!
People complain about racism around the Hunger Games, but the advertising doesnt bring anything but white character to the forefront
glee singing one direction tonight...lets see how they wreck it up -___-
Whatever Negatives That You Need To Mend Into Positives Make sure you do so because u never know when its ur time to go
Hugs! You're very welcome! Love Team
it's a big tie between and love them both!! :)
if we play yall the game will be at Coppell?
So. Tired. Need. Sleep. .....goodnight twitter xo
Summer Buzz Cut...aka...bag-o-hair! Ah!
Yeen know I gotta go.....where your going......I gotta get back to the money
RT if you have a facebook.
Ha ha ha!!! I wonder if Lindsay is involved. I read something about NESS :-)
A2: Both. Networking online can help make connections with anything you find in your search, connect the dots
Have free preview of NBA Pass on broadband. May never leave the house again. Well, at least until November 1.
Your bad attitude is a result of your upbringing
Your our neighborhood fav. Your staff is always so nice to us. Makes it easier to take 2 kids out!
Another day in Manhattan. Where is the best cup of coffee in Morningside Heights, and what is its soundtrack?
Your website should be able to display any language. Unicode Standard is the character encoding standard for written characters and text.
Me and my cast are listening the iSoundtrack 2.We`re having nice time on set!
Alves sent off!
Got him! Go Barack!
that fat one kept kissing the old man.
Drawing a picture of you!!! Might Bring it with me to one of your concerts!
oh don't act dumb Bitch!
: Oh, no. Just too many acronyms to keep up with!
gonna dress up tomorrow :)
....and sometimes i even procrastinate at procrastinating.
thats my birthday (:
Hey! I'M the idiot around here! RT Ok, I'm an idiot...HOW did I forget about the Peoples Choice Awards?!?!
Love Adele - so glad she won song of the year.
im going to trivia at houndstooth on monday. you and mishy in? otherwise ill just stop by on my way :)
Hey asshole, don't honk when someone is waiting for an emergency vehicle to pass. That is all.
it's a lush magazine!!!
The early bird get the worm first
Thank you so much! :)
Leff: "All ontological entities have been re-coded in economic values"
Wish there was more talent at safety in this year's draft
you're my arbiter of all things celluloid ~ i look forward to your take on DARK SHADOWS!!
Sometimes you just need to sit back and be thankful for all the things you have.
"Watch Your Back, Cuz I'm Coming In A Heart Attack.
pittsburgh --> philadelphia
The weekend is near
Not weird--walking is great exercise!! Go for it!!
whatever , u was bein rude
What u got I got everything u got wth
What kind of dog
I have a bum knee right now, and you're making me feel inadequate.
Nails tanning gym salon and then my lovess place. Going to be a productive day :)
Oh they playing Yeah3x in this restaraunt(:
And if you think about #Knicks usually win on Sundays.
me too !
Beards are bitchin'. Too bad wives and girlfriends don't think so.
hey guys. I need one of these. Greg Little, Crabtree, or Ochocinco. Who ya got? Thanks!
yay! finally he followed me <3 !thanks!
Felt kinda sick and nervous all day but that was so so worth it. panel/mixer was bomb!!
Right back at ya!
As test data becomes our priority, the more we will script curriculums leading lock-step 2test. Teaching will b "teacher-proof"
thanks for texting me about the spurs game.......
Fresh Besto Pesto at Mandela Co-op in West Oakland. Brand new look. Same great flavors. -Chef Toussaint Haki Stewart
miss you too!!!
one older brother three younger hate it
Please tell me I didn't see lil Wayne wit green UGGs on
I love the feel and read books... I am sorry to see Border's Bookstores completely liquidating stores.
&#39;Hunger Games&#39; and &#39;Bridesmaids&#39; top MTV Movie Awards nominees
-hugs you-
We shall.
Angel Cabrera accessed a 2 stroke penalty after getting caught smoking a one-hitter during the first round of the
ACK! Why is Hulu not loading all of a sudden?? Are there tech issues on Hulu's end, or is something wrong with my computer/connection?
Oh no, is it over?
Just finished 1st sub 40 min 5 miler in 2 years...Need a beer to celebrate!
I LOVE this picture. Tell Zach im doing the same thing right now
that's so very thoughtful of you! Surely hope you're feeling so much better today!
About to head to #onnof - the light festival proposed by Sierra Stinson and sponsored by
Giants wins I no it's a lot of people upset
wow really? well i have a lot of questions .. can i email you? lol .. sorry i know this is weird but im so indecisive.
she's dancing with the stars when she's dancing on my bed
Don't have a table to eat your food off of? It's cool, I'll be your table.
So how much money did you spend on tiny tower this weekend?
LOL Katie. BTW, I'm a token MOB :-)
See first tweet: "This will SOON be..." Still not a fully operational battle station yet.
thank you so much!!!
Ryan Leaf could spend five years in Montana custody after pleading guilty to multiple charges
tune-yards: fiya. i like the homegrown muddled controlled sounds.
Wow, my subconscious slapped me upside my head in my dreams last night.
Big props to my colleague for Polar Plunging today and then coming to work HALF FROZEN to report for us tonight!
#QuestionOfTheDay: When is the next digital summit?
Just read the lyrics to one of his songs and you can't help but laugh. Lmaoo.
it was especially talking to u it is my honor your hubby is an awesome football player LOVE MY PACK! U have a beautiful fam<3
Cassidy Turley Continues National Expansion into Los Angeles; Recruits Veteran Team to Open Office
So, #Spotify pretty much blows iTunes & Pandora away.
My 19 month-olds favorite word today is butt paste and it's on repeat. Going to get some looks when out shoppingtoday!
Did someone say Pumpkin Spice Latte? Come and get it..
At least go on a date with me and we will call it even
RT : a wise old man once said offence. - #British Prohibitions and Inspections Act 1998 #s47(1)(a)
Gah!! Why can't smash be on tonight!! I hate waiting till mondays! Seems so long!
Working on news story & need users who R running in the Pittsburgh marathon, ½ or relay. Contact us as
Heading out to Theorizing the Web, should be an interesting day!
lmao, thats like a week away.
same thing happened to me last night. Give it a day, it'll pass.
What to do when you look at your Twitter feed and you are not interested?
Some nights when I do the 3rd street promenade and old people and their kids are giving me weird looks i wonder what the hell im doing
That Bomb Chick Is My Chick Forever (:
I think it's something like, "Interesting. Thanks for your input."
im so cold...where df is the sun?!
Damn you Shaka!
Young Alumni - don't miss this! yPenn Highball @ #PennAW 9 PM - 12 AM; Houston Hall, Hall of Flags
I'll go to Beverly Hills with my girls #love this place!
Just washed my face in holy dirt, then in the river at the Santuario de Chimayó. I feel lighter, cleaner.
I be getting high just to balance out the lows .
sup ma what you doing?
thanks...I gave up for today Everything is too big or too small
Tix to Cap Beerfest and Sac Brewers Showcase on sale at Rubicon and River City Brewing, Sam Horne's Tavern in Folsom and Perfecto Lounge
: RT #bitrebels. It's refreshing! A most needed relief. :-P
These niggas just cracked open the fire hydrant
#musesocial. Not sure all audiences want this kind of particip. For those who do, how do they find what museum offers re SM?
Arresting ppl is obviously not the problem. So what's the solution?
Why is VEVO not doing anything?!
Last night on the radio, you were discussing vinyl. You failed to mention the harmonics from the sound that enhances the music.
And I have the house all to myself....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Not the aunt?
I'm not leaving (;
okay babes..imma try to sleep...wish me luck babes :) I LOVE ME SOME U :*
When I Was Younger, I Put My Face Close To The Fan To Hear My Robot Voice.
damn it feels good to be a gangster.
haha why thank you! :) give credit to for that one...
boy your just sloppy lol why hollering at all these girls on your page & ask me if i want your number ?! lol
That is great to hear. Will pass along to Thanks so much!
#inaug09 staked out spot on the mall. Can sort of see a jumbotron
Aww shit I got a geometry test today
Glitter-pixie: Was just feeling stressed out. You're reminding us to have perspective + to face challenges with bravery + humor
u at home alredy?
hahaha oh no boy maybe down there its "fancy" but over here we have a grocerie store named RALPHS lol lame!!!! And oh wow (:
Edward Bulwer-Lytton~ The same refinement which brings us new pleasures exposes us to new pains.
Follow me & RT all things that are way cool.
#np climax- usher
thanks sweets!
Good morning ! Happy Monday well actually skrew Monday's but sense it's June it's a happy Monday right ?
VASA Tet Trung Thu is tomorrow!! Its at SU Ballroom at 6PM! Come out to see all the many performances!!!
Morning : hotel meeting w GM & team, setup. These are pretty much the same everywhere. Hope for quick run in Stanley Park later!
Thank you #BarTab and for having us we had a blast!!!
hey would you be interested in a full time ruby job in center city phila?
WWW.shinerinternational.com look at our rocking bed.
You need your conference badge to come in. I am not positive they will let you in without one.
I want to drink Bacardi with Luly.
popped the pimple on the back of my neck= true love right there haha
#socialmedia Social wisdom is represented by the intersection of technology with the human network.
Of course, the week after I bench Billy Butler he decides to start hitting.
Omg this funky ass dog pissed n that shit is ugh
How Indiana Jones feels about archaeology: That's how most men feel about women. A lifelong curiosity and fascination.
BUZZ IS OUT! THIS SUN! CELEBRATE LIFE LADIES FREE B4 11P! OFFICIAL B-DAY PARTY!
Shout out to the two best bosses ever and for being so fab!
Las Vegas News channel will be interviewing me at 6 for. News at 8 tonight!
hey did you find me via my educational music app on the iphone/ipad?
No but seriously, i walk in everyday and ask "are you brian long?"
't be. Nervous U no what u pass this test. U r smart person u will do good. Good luck tell me how it went
Thanks for the shout out!
You don't want to know because if you did you would ask someone who BELIEVES the Jury got it right! and many people do!
Does one do easter baskets for 20yo vocal majors? If so, what?
Congrats, #Hawkeye! RT : Excited to see graduate from and eat !
I'm preparing, too. My outline is flexible.
thanks for taking a stand. You're a class act.
#SaySomething is completely AMAZING!!! ii loved it!!!! keep working hard!
its hard to ignore it.
Fuck off Deangelo Williams. This is Cam's team you POS.
.@ Wondering how long it'll take for the people we're following to start following us back.
I so
Hi Gloria, would you consider giving or selling me your twitter handle? It is my real name and I would love to have it.
Just scored a summer internship at Project Ethos! So ready to show em my #PR skills
Thank God it's not the Cowboys!
now annoying couple are talking about how they have no money to get home, but it's no big deal because the dude is going to play guitar. Ha!
you watch that too?!?! Oh boy. Sit down tomorrow.
I decided one day to rename my hard drive "Dat Ass" so my computer once a month would ask me 'Do you want to back "Dat Ass" up?
A nice article highlighting some very cool programs RT : GLIDE's Blog: Summer in the City… and on GLIDE’s rooftop!...
hi there. i haven't been here in a while. hope you're doing well! started working on e-publishing for apple. interesting!
Thank you for following me on tweeter & add me as friends! =)
everything comes back on u 10 times harder!!
Virginia Woof is a non profit dog daycare and pet supply store. They provide job training and employment to homeless youth
I have an indie film audition on Sunday! Woohoo! Greatful!
When will release the 1984 playoffs Cubs vs. Padres on DVD?
RT : You should be following
Cuse loses and it will be out on Caldwell St in many pieces. Orange are mental midgets and Boeheim even worse.
I'm inna office, alright!
thanks very much for the follow! Please let me know if have any mattress or furniture needs?
Where can I find sum budd in Vegas.... Any suggestions????
No, I'm doing distributed configuration in a secure environment. I need to manually configure and edit various IIS MMC knobs
I've been to those carts before. Would NOT recommend. Obviously she didn't stop by our cart...
no depression! Well nothing that a single malt can't cure.
Im too glad to be off work. Its been one long ass day.
I miss you brother/replacement boyfriend/bff :)
#SuitingDown, it's one of the saddest parts of my day
im hungry af.
money tight I'm on for the week!
's Tontlawald was magical -the blend of voices of the entire cast was mesmerizing
.. bladder, seminal vesicles, prostate or urethra, intense burning immediately following ejaculation may occur.
Why would Interactive Brokers ever think it would be a good idea to have the slogan "Join the 1%" in the commercial? Stellar marketing team!
You are a gift to the world, a divine work of art, signed by God. you haven't changed one bit<3
Good luck on the new video! I'm sure it's gonna be amazing. Send pics.
i just bought the coolest cat t-shirt
Let's Go Celtics!
lady at kroger didn't check my ID when I bought alcohol because she recognized me from last night when I bought alcohol
Wow... support is fantastic!
I just finished a 1.68 mi run with a pace of 93'05"/mi and a time of 2:36:49 with Nike+ GPS.
Thanks to you all for liking my page .
I miss my cousins i haven't seen them for about 3 years now :( why do they have to live so far
“: Obviously y'all don't watch TV”
Ah I have a headache <U+2639>
LL LIP LICK HAND EXSTENDED CUM HERE 4 A MIN I GATA THING 4 THICK HIPS BROWN EYES CHANNEL 5 LIPSTICK N U CAN B MY MISSIES BETTER YET MY MISTR
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :)
You're welcome, Baltimore. Love my big white TE!
Hey Matt! There is another contest - this one is for cash! I'm gonna unlock your badge and give you a boost!
Remember when the Brewers use to be known for scoring runs in the first inning?
Our Texas Americana artists know we help get them gigs AND we're developing a Texas Music festival in the Texas Hill Country... more to come
may we set up a get together meeting?
I'm trying to follow them all on twitter cuz I couldn't find a site with a central list
Quote of the day: "it's take a whole whack of people to make some shit happen"
Thank you - my grandmother Anna Sullivan was from Cork. Irish Italian is a Boston "must!"
Filming your audition piece as we tweet! You get that feature!
interest something witty here. I'm too tired to do so :D
National Championship Monday !! $12 pitchers & $5 Soco/Lime shots during the big game. Wear Blue!!!
Happy Milwaukee Day 4/14! What special Milwaukee thing will YOU do today?!
I Don't Know. Maybe Close the Door?
RT Missing something from your special day? Enter our "Wedding Wishes" Contest! www.tinyurl.com/mwdcww
8:30 PM - Rob Brackenridge (Jeremy Nunes; Joe Kwavala) playing at the Comedy Club on State
So bored
Twitter is always going to be better than Facebook
I was in 6th period and my teacher was behind me and he had his dick all up in back. I was like "WTF DUDE?!"
tells me "fell out of bed Saturday and my knee is all swollen now just like my arms"
Damn this shit too crazy
Come thru in that forest green whatever year it is Haha
About to take my husband to LAX for the start of this 3-week excavation in Turkey. Not going this time, but hopefully next. :(
My music edgy and street, abd u got tracks that tackle all subjects! Gettin money, club tracks, talk my shit tracks, etc
Ugh.....we'll see, we'll see!! London Bridges burning down...burning down haha
yeah just got back from the hostpital really bad stumak ack
Good morning friend! Sounds like you are starting off to a wonderful day. Enjoy!
scan yesterday. Pray all those dark spots are cleared up ASAP. I told him to take as much time as he wants to heal.
Man City fans really know how to celebrate a championship!
“: “: I didn't text you last night, vodka did #Ops”haha love that”. Haha
Wow, I can hear the foghorns from the river. Must be bad out there.
400 pound women should not wear spaghetti tops on motorcycles e_e
me too! Lol.
A little excited about holiday time with your fam are ya. I'm the same way
Great idea. RT : I was going to suggest you consider my emailers letter as a subject for
New mac store at the mall!?!? Hell yes!
“: Shurmur said #Browns had info that prompted them to move up” interesting...
where am i?
Most women will never get what they want in a man... Untill a man realizes what he needs in a woman...
3F room 123! two teams here!
Funny to me that got thousands of followers more than half these (v) #CERTIFIED people and even a parody page -_- what up #TWITTER?
#20ThingsAboutMe number 19 I'm fucking scared of plans and I have a big reaction to dust & pollen (I'm allergic to that)
Fruit punch water! <U+2764>
Great deal to go to the movies. Can use for raffle prizes, gifts or treat yourself.
Shower time! you know... have to be non stinky in case someone was actually to see me!
Having a song stuck in your head all day and finally getting really stoned and listening to the fuck out of it.
Great! I look forward to meeting you.
I'd like to parch myself ===> Got anything Italian cuz is parched yeah, what's drinking good?
I love my show choir #Dynamics !!! Tonight was awesome, and I love all my fellow seniors
haha, btw i'm squatting on your about.me page
hey errybody guess who's pissed THIS GIRL <3
My buddy got a gift box of "hard to find candy from the 60s" good try. I think necco wafers are "hard to find" because nobody wants them
I have a fine sense of the ridiculous, but no sense of humor
Allen Iverson's "practice rant" was 10 years ago today.
exactly. Great photo.
Oh the adorableness! I've gotta see him in person. ;-)
make them some pot cookies this holiday season....they'll smile like MF'rs!
Jaguar Land Rover in talks over Ethel Austin factory
Can you go by that .700 OPS with him not having as many at bats as the other players?
life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, so waste your time and have the time of your life.
Even though we lost our volleyball game :( theres another game thursday so mabey we can win this one :)
Dashon Goldson's HIGHEST POINT Foundation & Train 'Em Up Academy invite Youth & HS FB players 2 DB CAMP in July! Info coming soon>>
Who is going to the #bookfest this weekend?
Common misunderstandings of laws & what to do if stopped by police: Aug 9, 6-7:30p, Center for Culture & Community (3819 Lafayette Rd)
Good thing my hubby is a Capicorn! RT : #Scorpio compatible signs: Capricorn, Cancer, Virgo, Pisces
Awesome! That was quick! Can't wait to start brainstorming with the group!
And that would be Ian MacKaye being cool. Me, not so much.
Whenever puts up the mail Vlog is going to have a heart attack
What do you think about players getting paid to play in the Olympics?
So folks are straight up nasty
Sounds clever. Let's see it
Humming the song "Chapel of Love". Another happy day for hopeless romantics! :-}
Vote to allow opt in under discussion
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate cute relationships, because I know I'll never have one like that.
Working on the new website design. Finished the video gallery and it looks great.
RT "The Democrats’ fortunes are tied to the economy. The Republicans’ fortunes are tied a handful of rich people’s fortunes."
If you want to Instagram pictures of our food we wouldn't mind! Come on over!
I used to like at one stage...
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet (: TREND IT!
Every day for almost a year I've gone to sleep and woken up with the same thing on my mind. How to live with regret.
great! We are set!
Ate 4 meals already today and haven't even eaten dinner yet.
Me too! Thank you for last night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I think so
yeah its alright
I like it bro.
Breaking FUCKING ANKLES with a pump fake the KOOSHIN Trey Bombies?!?!!
another long day at work. i'm going to for dinner. no question.
Thanks! You as well!
I need some food in my life like right na!
searching for a Quality Assurance Manager with AIB experience
Spring time and beautiful weather! Get in shape with Pilates workout! Classes in Mt. Washington on Mondays and Wednesdays. Join in!
Everyone asks what is wrong with my legs .. Their bruised . My shin splints must've gotten bad enough to bruise ..
Within Temptation Posts &quot;The Unforgiving South American Tour&quot; Video Report Teaser - Metal Underground
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices. Take it or leave it.
Some people act krazy for no reason
the question is... Is Jesus!
Starting new work with The Collective: ropes & spirals
Homework- Is there a uniform/working definition for the term homework? Who should develop it and why?
Hey KD is still standing on the 3 pt line with one hand in the air begging for someone to throw him the ball. lol
It was a great weekend in Racing for some of our friends and drivers and teams! ...you will see a recap on "Cowboy"'s wall!
Elite performers have remarkable mental clarity and stamina...do you?
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's @ One Up 25 cent Wing Special (from 4pm to 12am) , and late evening with DJ 12 Tribe spinning
Even angels learn to fly.
Happy Birthday to (:
: how museums get in our own way: "People are coming there. They want to engage with you. DON'T PREVENT THEM FROM ENGAGING."
Assembly Hall > anywhere else. Simply put.
It's okay. :) What have you been up to?
Dear Fox News, I have yet to see any news about foxes. Sincerely, Disappointed viewer
It wasn't about writing the book, it was about righting my life.
Pa. gambling board names new head of enforcement - Philadelphia Inquirer
Dave is giving away stuff today -- actually it was to a young woman from the neighborhood who just finished her Math 111 final -- congrats!
use the time to study and do homework. Or crochet
Working on this children's line is super motivating and fresh. Stoked to move that feeling back over to
i know me too i hate it!
At what point does the zombie of Benny Hill run out on the court with Yakety Sax playing?
dayum no rest for the trolls I see
“: Sleep well All ”thanks! Just got home from dancing. Turning in. Night all
About to fill out my work bracket
Congrats Look forward to seeing you there.
Can you please come to Roanoke, VA.
Would you be OK with less Cubs and Sox games a year?
I'm tired of my phone interceptin texts.... I find it funny tho smh
Hugo count: 5 out of 7
Thanks to and for highlighting our newest retailer, , this morning. Beautiful segments!
I'm well - how are you?? It's been ages!!
Alright, who's going tonight? dinner at starts at 6pm!
I mean what a message. My campaign isnt about the people of San Diego it is all about me!
Horrible turned out day. Did best to stay focused and somewhat positive.
Knowledge is consciousness of reality. Reality is the sum of the laws that govern nature and of the causes from which they flow.
Ima take lessons this summer. G shit though.
It's back to seeing the doctors.
I talked w/ coach Ellis. Good luck w/ everything.
i've been right here. Just got back to a data plan I can deal with!!!
exaactly. relationships nowadays are annoying. i cant stand teen relationships. except mine and phils, of course.
Bruises on bruises on bruises
At the point where i don't care what people think of me and I'm the happier then I have ever been(:
I felt like I was at the doctor for my truck... had to take him to emissions testing. I was nervous. He passed with flying colors!!!
nothing u
Using Twitter for the very first time!
doing well! Yes, let's...hit me back with an email with some times you're available...Happy Monday!
s/o to for the follow
So far so good with this Creative Cloud. Install applications like mobile apps.
Time to make peeps laugh- give em a 'Good Friday' and 'Passover' the mic to some great comics! 8p Bellyroom
never been more ready in my life
One more hour here in the Los Angeles area for #celebapprentice and to see
How do you really feel?
Are you a small business? What do you do?
OMG! Just saw a guy with a cookie monster hat (complete with googly eyes!!) on the bus to MIT. Nerd envy!
everybodys waiting for you to breakdown. everybodys watching to see the fallout.
Bring your teddy bear to work day! "I don't think my parents liked me. They put a live teddy bear in my crib."Woody Allen. I <U+2665>
Econ Student: If something is more expensive, people will not want to buy more of it. Substitution effect. Competition among lowest rung.
Thanks for the #FF shout out Enjoy the weekend.
love you too! and no problem!
Where are all these mouses coming from!! Maybe its summer but they're in backyards everywhere!! :)
thanks... it'll be okay, just a really shocking news story about someone I know...
Congrats Britt <3 LOVE it girl!!!!! xo
Thanks for following us!
Did I really get an attendance letter when school is almost over. Fuck off Pisd!
Did you contact your representative about PIPA and SOPA? Why not?
don't worry way ahead Of you DVR'd it since last week.
Here we go...
“:Just finished our 2nd official in-store class. I love teaching this stuff!” congrats! Love our hood
You're good at hockey and pretty cool
not true lol
welcome to this weird birdy. It just got better with your arrival.
The atmosphere looks great at IF YOU BUILD IT...THEY WILL COME.
Lil kids run up to be saying OGkush they neighborhood hero
Your welcome! :) Congrats to ! Enjoy Lincoln Park!
Day two at Chicago #GreenFest. So much to see and do and buy today!
I'm sexi & I know it...I work out! Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle...yeah!!! #favSuperBowlcommercial :)
Where the hell is Eminem lately?
Any time :) RT : thanks man
For you, anything.
My weird life - listening to talk with about the #vCloud environment I'll be managing in 2 weeks.
Dance Party Saturday?
somehow, even though it's officially offered by the Commune of Venice, the "daily toilet card" sounds quite unbeautiful
Join CARL LEE HAILEY from A TIME TO KILL and Advocate for the Release of 10% of the Millions of Humans Lock-Up in the USA ---
It IS a family movie. So there are times when there are really campy jokes. But then there are weird adult themes. I say 5/10.
As it should be #bestever RT MC bracket and Tupac edges Eminem by just over 100 votes.
vociferous houseboat: J.T. Ready (talking-points-memo)
what's your shift Friday? #illtakeit peters, we should just run shit Friday when we were supposed to be off
I've been walking Matagorda bay, thinking about you the whole day.
you are hating on the redskins? Come on man!
I think I underestimated how tired I would be today.
Latest lesson from publishing culture clash--print pub depts just try to play catch-up, digital pub depts pre-plan and test exhaustively.
Navarro gets a big insurance here in the 7th and now leads 5-3 bottom 7
money is like tetris its all bout how u stack it
When trynna lose weight, the scale sayz one thing and the body sayz another. Whatever it is, love yaself!
thanks, did not write the headline but all the other words!
you're right x) I'd lock you outside.
Os game, caps,NBA playoffs, done college and myrtle on sunday
Classes in the morning!
Trying to figure out a nice plan of things to do in Waikiki
Final beer lineup for fEASTival 2012 is announced! and ! Come thirsty May 19th!
Bout to blow this sweet an stare at naked bitches, yeap I said that shit
Hey Cel just hit u w/a msg. Holler back when u can
You gotta let this one breathe Jus
My house!
As Brett Keisel says we wont know anything bout Rainey in the Nfl til Aug.til he proves it,he is unproven
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 6
good luck :) although I'm sure you'll be fine!
Watching the fashion show rehearsal . . . Woo hooooooo. Big floral headpieces are so hot right now.
True...I'll just have to give super hugs the way you do from now ob
dm please and yes
What the boyz favorite thing about winter? -Amber Schlosser from Indiana!(:
Did you know that 1 out of every 11 American women owns her own business! Start yours today - www.thehome-office.com The hbb expert, Helene
Travis Henry of NFL fame has double digit baby mams.
fat girl wearing a shirt that says get fit
who thinks Patton should be in Troma's next movie!!!
Need a new job.whose hiring.
Thanks Steve Jobs, rest in peace
I'm bored tweet a nigga. Lol
lol till now no one has tried
Hello Glen, how are you?
new name??? 1075kissbls
Catching up with the last podcast for w/ ... pokemon???
Last day in the Couve. I have to say that it has been an enjoyable stay, although I am ready to head back to Seattle and start working!
Everyone great luv! How r u? RT : Hey Lady!! How you been?
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel is now reviewing app #130009 IndyBaroque Music.
Thank you!
I hope everyone has a wonderful day!!
Cool waiting for
we can qt :)))) only can't rock that look
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 5
Is an easy follow back! Recommend! #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Follow!
Make sure you setup a Jason Bourne deposit box with spare passport & 3 pairs of louboutins in case the natives take over Chelsea
I will be in the audience during the Republican Debate, in S. Carolina. Will SC be Mitt Romney's Waterlloo or his Victory Stand? What say U?
Movie with food and bevvies at Nitehawk in Williamsburg = the shit. Spoiler alert: the movie's NC-17.
Lol Women who remain single are likely to be high achievers of above-average intelligence.
is making..... Chicken Soup.
I just got finished watching Yung'N Tv video about lil Wayne blantly promoting satanic symbolisim smh this is a evil world we living in smh
Fighting off a head cold. Does whisky help?
If the wedding WAS today, you would have seen me tweeting furiously: OMG OMG OMG OMG.
Just passed Newt Gingrich trudging solo across K street. That guy REALLY looks like he needs a hug. And a graceful exit strategy.
#webwise what are the incentives and business model behind long-term data preservation?
Bosh finally getting the respect he deserves. Even if he wasn't playing and still looks like a Raptor...
yeah southern IN ain't exactly the culinary capital of the world. although we did get chinese take out a lot. House of Wen!
how much fun was that? I really need to big wheel it next time I go though...
Police dismantled a structure on OCCUPYDC. Some arrests, camp still there. Some went to Freedom Plaza encampment and were fed there.
You make Ladder Golf sound like quite the extreme sport, *adds to Amazon wishlist*
Absolutely. I've always wanted to be Jordy from Star Trek: TNG.
#First20SongsOnShuffle #18 Dill The Noise by and
Exactly!! Why you all up in Yankees business? Mind your mess in Queens! We got this! lol
nicely put! - the religious always want credit for not burning us at the stake
Thank you! Back at you! RT :
Agreed! RT : A1 We believe quality ingredients are the start to a healthy meal.
I love a wedding! Congratulations to Christine & Joel and Brook & Chuck! It's going to be a beautiful day :)
I just fuckin' with you kid.
auto correct can go straight to he'll
My human makes excellent fresh salsa with them: rinse them well first; blend with cilantro, garlic, chiles, salt.
Great pc games: Brave (2012 video game) by Disney Pixar
The pretentious undergrads' face sucking sound is so loud I am definitely going to Projectile Vomit.
I'm pretty sure all my followers know my boyfriends name haha
Gosh, I hope my #Math216 students can get back some of the $9.02 they spent on the textbook this semester. OER FTW
It's a good group of guys to cheer for. They remind me of the #RedWings when they were going for the cup in '97
We hope you had a great time at ! Please come back soon!
Was so happy to hear this morning on We need you back Russ!
Go on a date with #bucketlist ...yes ill be a cougar.
Thank you to all of the LC students for their kind words and support tonight. You all made it a wonderful year. See you tomorrow.
Pretty sure I've been to every prom store in Florida.. And still no dress :'(
ya i was a rare form man.... but we gotta kick it some time soon tho
This child longed for positive attention but no matter what this child did it was never seen positive in the eyes of the parents in the home
they were too busy implementing the anti-words with friends strategy to worry about little things, like jetbridges
Lololol someone reached the site today with a web search for hawk harrelson dementia. I'm surprised there aren't more
Time to hire a CMO...
Looking at the number of tweets about him, its safe to assume we caught Kony...right?
sounds like Packer material...
Jay, who is going to be your new co-host? I am going to miss Dana, what is her new role?
in the back of my mind I was thinking unless they go IPO.
Shizzzz, just I have an alegbra test today ):
One of my pet doves died today, and I miss him terribly.
I was wondering why all the streets were dug up around La Lengua, I should have assumed you had something to do with it
I literally blast at my desk and in my car daily. I'm so hood
i love you bella thorne <3
Under 2 minutes; big ben >
Im never going bungee Jumping. I was brought into this world because of broken rubber and im not leaving for the same reason.
Great job eagles and great job VY Vick get healthy and take notes.
What is this? Haven't had that in so long I hardly recognize the word.
Tonight is one for those nights I just want to crawl in to a hole and not come out.
Just saw set the record straight on Herman Cain's 9-9-9 plan on with O'Donnell. Great job!
ill be back friday morning... coyote asap!
Well, I got a lot to say ,but no one to tell. I just wanna know that he actually cared. #Torn<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Do you know about the day here in Cincinnati and the rich Irish history?
Chuggin on white zin like its my jab
I'm going on in on must be a super power ?"
- hot in here! It's my favorite song right now <3
Make sure you get your Vitamin D this fall, especially as you see less and less sunlight. (1/2)
I've been to Michigan - not a bad state!
Escandarian: "Give me a number. I want history, I'll talk to Gene Autry."
ooohh does the mummy get a chance to "wrap it up"??
Well, at least the Dbacks lost as well.
BUYERS: historically low interest rates #3 place 2 live in the country now is the time 2 invest in ur future. Contact me program 4 everyone
Lol these ppl!
Wynn is just a tool for people that are backing him financially. these people want a gambling monopoly and dont want competitors like FullT
come on spring break with me
I've decided I no longer need sleep. Yup, I'll keep telling myself that. Doh!
is really going to miss Windows 6.
I MISS YOU TOO..LOL
i feel the same too ! the gay boys are so far AWAY !!! i just cant get enough of them . :DD
Presentation now! Ahh excitement to get this over and done with!
Its better now lolz
we should get #YEE trending! you agree? (:
People search on twitter! Check us out in South Lake Union or Bellevue. Good luck with your move!
Tallahassee friends! We're coming to you at Inside The Target Car + Gorgeous + Oh The Let Go! at The Shark Tank It's gunna be fun, and FREE!
Just realized the Knicks still haven't won a playoff series since they traded Ewing. Guess that's just the Ewing Theory.
Thanks! I cried while writing it. I love my family :)
yayy me and went on our way home and had to tell you.
Bad things happen in threes. Good things happen in sixty-nines.
Hey you should follow back
hey baby i love you :)
Hi Andrea, I plan to get n there soon. I'll fill u n when I c u.
ive been good miss u how you been ?
Ahahahahaha! I love it!
I've been up since 5 - trying to go back to sleep
That's horrifying lol! I'm glad there wasn't actually a spider in your bed!
wow that was a long time ago
To bad no more Storm Chasers on tv! ( very sad face ) Always enjoyed watching your team go after tornados.
We miss having you around!
I wanta know what you've already done, not what you finna do .
Congratulations! Let us know if we can help during your transition!
this pink color is lasting wayy too long. which should i do next teal or blue?
Bridesmaids, Crash
I just think that if we mandate that drs perform abortions we're really not advocating choice.
Listening to explain baseball to me and I only wish was here to listen to his logic
THIS TIME tomorrow night we will be rocking out to our boy, I.CAN'T.WAIT.
Sex, drugs & rock n' roll. Speed, weed & birth control. Life's a bitch and then you die. So fuck the world & let's get high!
20 pushups. I added 10 as penalty for forgetting. :)
What would you cook in your new #kitchen?
Me too Sydneey, because you are going with me. (:
"Baby One More Tampon" - Britney Spears
thats what I'm gonna study in college, and sports journalism
Sounds correct to me!
In the immortal words of "Top Gear," "That's quite a big gap you got there." Staggering even.
It's my favorite too! We are obviously from the same blood. I love the song by Hunter that she repeats throughout haha.
Studio time going in like I'm diving and I can't swim
it adds texture
quantum leap, of course
My favorite thing about the Miami Heat organization is how they cover every seat in white so it's harder to tell how many people don't go.
Every Sunday we offer all you can eat sushi for $31.95. Mondays we offer half off bottles of wine and sake!
LOL I KNEW THAT ^_^ (NAW I DID KINDA FORGET)
seriously whats up with all the stories this late every night?
Happy Easter!
any actual living and breathing continental philosopher and not a cross-dressing ordinary sort. aka analytic
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
I just got my dad to say "ERMERGERD", dat chizz is hilarious. xD
And the first nominee for the Alex Rodriguez post season award for Outstanding Bitchness, ladies and gentlemen, #LeBron James.
Hap Swift Day also!:) Happy Mother's Day ANDREA SWIFT:) MAMMA SWIFT! Lol.
Glad that you all enjoy the TEDxPhilly presentation!
to play #spain #italy #croatia. i'll be spending at least 2 weeks in #poland next summer! joxer, get the jump leads.
Mother's Saloon in Ocean Boogie TONIGHT 9-11:30pm!
Writting this down. There's a Sopranos script in here somewhere.
shut up!
yeesh, seems like ur gonna have a lot of bill signing to do
max you're my favorite band
Life Teaches.... Love Reveals
TY for following.
short-term solution: search Google with the article title. Clicking paywalled articles through Google disables paywall.
#smh u so rude
hahaha, soorry. My phone fell off of mu bed to so, yeaah. :l damn phone!
who's got two thumbs and is making steak for lunch at work? this guy.
Bobby V. - Lights Down Low
So, I have some free time tomorrow while my boyfriend goes to a concert. Any takers?! :D
Business meeting! :) RT : En route to Zakopane to meet up with !!
that movie >
RT : #IKSRTFO if they don't start handing over these checks! Imma send my Goonie Toones to lay down the LAW!
And none for Savannah Newbold. Okay bye. It's like Mean Girls.. get it?.. no? Okay then... :3
That Ace Hood lookin dude on Denver is pretty good
haha yeah I'm not sure about that one either...ill Google it
dont talk to demi shell be like what the flk
Fantasy sports time! :)
At work on this Hot ass day...wishin I was n traffic...u know wht they say $$ talks n all tht otha bullsht walks!!!
Marning twitts xD Rise and Shine UP and Adams
everybody got their opinions
true that ;*
why can't I summarize my own book?? Ug, synopsis!
when you leave for work or chillin with ya so called GF...guess who she texting to invite over fOR some good dick? ;) ..ME bruh!
any update on service returning in Baltimore?
hi laura. How are you doing. Hope. U have a good weeknd! what's new with u
Bitches wanna play in my and hair!
I hope everything works out sorry to hear that
Expecting a great crowd for ROOFTOP FRIDAYS tonight!
Chilling wit my fam .. talkin bout old fights .. my fam hood
Thank you for following. I can't think of the essence of Brookland Park.
sure thing
has had a successful two days. Aligned with an agency and voice work coming into my future :D
I can't say I like your choose! But I get it :(
much like Sean Payton waiting until he was ready
#oomf said he was going to dick slap me Smh!!!
I've even seen her.
My Annie production is on November 11 and 12th. There is 3 shows. Cant wait! Thank you!!!!
Not really, you learn that as an intern.
Ngoni! Okú! Thursday greetings to my tweeps in the Ndo (Congo and Uganda) and Nupe (Nigeria) tongue.
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldn't park anywhere near the place.
-_- Smh... do you have pictures? RT hong kong
- Thanks for the follow!
what did you do?
Like skateboard?? or roller skate??
3.) Take public transportation. Or bike. Or walk. Goose Hollowers have a tough time as it is not on game days.
<3 sure is awesome
Just finished The Solitary House. Now there are two novels I want to reread immediately. wove stories together brilliantly!
Thank you for the GREATEST HASHTAG EVER
Hahaha I can't wait for the new dance moms!!!
They're so lovely.
about how much for a local 30 sec ad during super bowl??
Nike, please stop making gym shorts that are so appealing; you're not helping my addiction
the fewling of a hot tight ass on my cock
I adore twitter, but your number of tweets far surpasses mine
that piece is just for photo shoots. Ultra labor intensive. I can consult on another piece though man
Does the MKE Cty Exec no longer count as "local" control?
That's too bad. We just picked up a Spy Hunter. We'll let you know if we put it out.
My roommates are insane and drink all night. Park in my lot if u need- just go down driveway.
i think thats what the kids call it these days... how coincidental that we were gone at the same time ;)
Not now chief, I'm in the zone... See you next time!
I love lamp. #RagnarFLK #Tortoises&Hares
I wish I had known about this event!
Did the #OccupyTO protesters make their point(s)? Is it time for them to go? Is there a next step?
lets do something for 420!(:
Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts.
All I wanted was to install CS5 successfully. Magic ISO, y u no work?!!!
With both Rust and Go gaining a fair bit of attention, it's pretty awesome to see systems programming languages see some evolution
It would be nice if I had friends who actually talk/text me
lolololololol lucky for her shes all carolina “ I make luv. To a Carolina girl”
I want to join and get these crustations.
do you ppl actually believe that?Why would docs exodus in droves from socialized nations?
Rumor has it Tacos Marquitos may make an appearance….
Just finished reading "The immortal life of Henrietta Lacks". Wonderful read for all who use western medicine.
#Albuquerque got a mention on the Tonight Show by Jay for those 3 men arrested for stealing toilet paper from a restaurant....GREAT.
Preparing for my birthday :)...does that breaking year from 21 to 22 automatically enter me into "the real world"?
lol ... just trying to be like u.
Just added Show @ House of Blues New Orleans 9/28/2012 Can't wait to see & play with some friends!
road tripping this summer! fuck wv, the pools, and the fair.
I don't like everybody....
Sounds like some Dr. Suess to me! :P
are we looking solid? Whos playing well?
Carl speaking to a full house at the Cinco DeMaio event. Such a fun event
I like the new icon :)
#IThankGod for life, family, music, sand kiwi c: but most importently for dieing on the cross for me (:
Loved meeting up with today! Hope you had a great day :)
Nope - not straight yet. All gay men love boobs.
yes, they offer a my kcup to reuse for your own coffee
Made jam out to Sweet Home Chicago on our way home from work Friday... Hahaha We Represent Hard ChiTown!
A Sydney judge ruled that Men at Work must share a part of its royalties for "Down Under" with the publisher of a classic children’s song.
Job search tip of the day: Take a good hard look at your social media profiles, are you REALLY putting your best face forward?
Need somebody to bring me some food! I'm finna die!
I feel so loved right noww.. Not.
I'm kind of hungry for a burrito
1 game like Randy Cross said. After that he is looking at some serious multi games
I wish fans would spend as much time celebrating great calls like that, which help their teams as they do the howlers
Great job on CNN describing net neutrality, but wish Rick would have given you a chance to talk without interrupting so much!
i just wanna fall in love
I wrap filming and immediately find myself sick. At least I held out until we were done. Not a great feeling on Mother's Day though.
Hurrah! Enjoy your new manatees! <3
You probably walk to your seat before the half inning is over at a baseball game too.
A pair of Japanese pitchers in TX trump Mitt & Newt RT : I'll admit it: I prefer watching baseball to politics. Time to retire?
Judging by first period attendance spring break starts today, not tomorrow.
Seriously. It makes you sick doesn't it?
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did! ??
Sometimes you have to care less, in order to see if they'll care more..
mourning? My condolences to you Jordan Summer.
Thank goodness has a special 99c latte for valentines day. It's just the afternoon pick me up I needed.
Money Saving Tip #27: Cancel unused club memberships.
take iron pills.
"Ohh darlin, cause you'll always be my baby"
but we can't get to where we are without research. Don't think that's fair? Too much?
smack ass friday (:
Must have been me... looking good now.
i get mad every our. at least twice.
Well tomorrow will be my birthday
I think it's right.
Enjoyed shooting a wedding yesterday with a good friend and fire fighter Chris!
Happy Monday everyone. Don't forget, O'Lydia's Christmas party is this Wednesday 11am to 11pm. I hope to see you here.
Will be giving away 2 nights comp @ one of the casino resorts in Las Vegas to one of our lucky followers on twitter..GOOD LUCK
River Ridge w/ 1-2-3 finish in pole vault led by Andy Breuer's first-place leap of 10-9. RR with a 16-point lead over Albany in boys meet.
8 tips to gain CFO&#39;s wellness program buy-in — Business ...
me too! So cute!
Survived my first day at work
Need list! What's the most tasty, easy to eat, yet most metal treats to take on the road?
Keys to success: small group of people, disseminate widely, institutional/author registration.
where at??
MONSTER DUNK BY J.WISE!!!
First weekend officially as Revere was smooth operating! So happy the Vertical Fashion Show got some international attention for #Boston!
President 's Towtruck pulls USA outa Ditch, #ALEC & GOP slash the tires, PourSugarInGastank,&yell: WE NEED A SMALLER TRUCK
RT : Best Actress Spirit Award goes to Michelle Williams for My Week with Marilyn!
See any movies this past weekend? Let us know what you liked!
The sweetness of victory is magnified by the effort it took to achieve it.
that wont stop anything. you're so done! lolol
I always had one..didn't I? LoL
#thatawkwardmoment when you see someone and they recite one of their tweets that you've already read word for word
Hi Folks ! Brand new Craft Fair is Coming to Wash Park !
Hey come check me out and make sure you follow me Queen.
A sober Jerquan is just as ugly tho.
Let's meet for lunch sometime soon. Let me know when you're free. :-)
Commission discussing visualizations for Congressional districts in Riverside county.
VERY INSPIRATIONAL
Farewell, somebody's gonna miss you. Farewell, somebody's gonna wish that you were here. That somebody's me.
RT : Interesting fact frm : MN is only state that specifically bans mercury in cosmetics. Did skin lightener investigation.
GOOD LUCK! You'll do great today--wishing you lots of success from DC!
I did you my homegurrll of course imma follow you back!
Podstawski (my gym teacher) i apologize but i can't go to the biggest class of judo in the world .**
Dear , Thank You For Auto-Save! My #Windows7 custom CPU crashed as I was working on a business e-mail. I "rebooted" & viola...
The 's kicking off the 2012 National Health Care for the Homeless Conference & Policy Symposium in Kansas City.
Who would have thought we would get to use Tony La Russa and Kim Kardashian's name in the same sentence?
you got it hash will be available tomorrow...
Yes there's definitely a lot going on. Not *all* birdseyes though!
who is in the us bitch
Time for a show!
Vatican NOT electing a new Pope. Smoke is from burning Bronco jerseys.
See, my problem is I'm scared of my own shadow. I still haven't quite shaken the clown scene from 'Poltergeist.'
Ah... checking my twitter for the first time all week... I seem to have the need for spontaneous "drop everything and be a hermit" weeks;)
so what you doing today
we're glad too! ;)
It's easier to change my route than try not to look at the crazy dance lights.
I just want to be an alcoholic so someone takes care of me all the time.
2/2 Wife - I am so prouf of you. btw don't forget to pick up my birth control prescription from CVS. Congressmen - you got it!!!
LA was always going to be team to beat in 2012. Go do it. RT : Doesn't 4-0-0 mean currently best in #MLS? SKC also beat NE who beat LA
Great to hear you back behind the mic, Baker! Excellent podcast this week. You're a natural!
pretty crazy to me how long this guy at work spends on the phone makin personal calls
That nap fucked everything up... Smh now im gonna be up all night.
Yes we do.. Sorry for the late reply, grab our email or phone number from our site for a quicker reply.
San Antonio Police Eagle Unit makes emergency landing on 281. All are ok!!!
So upset and mad at myself....all because of you! Its ridiculous of how much you mean to me....and you dont even know it.
We're hearing share her amazing story of her life as a digital nomad and #zen lessons she's learned!
Terrific...and modest too. :-) RT : Mine is all personality because I'm so terrific! ;)
Where are all the critters??
I guess it is okay to kick a puck into the goal in the NHL now. At any rate, #NYR WIN!
Its pretty bad!! and allergy medicine wont even help my allergies anymore.
Abraham Lincoln vampire slayer......why
Killing it! RT Canopies live on
Alright let's go! You bring the laughter, I'll give the tour (of Buffalo)
Is your online exposure at the level you want it to be? www.weneedtohirethem.com
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you can be totally yourself <U+2764>
Changing project ideas ten hours before it's due like yeah. Hopefully I don't fail like yeah.
Im in a waiting room why are there always two year old copies of red book and people
what grade would you give Solder so far this year?
bad pic alert. He called me out while walkin around warped 04 and said "nice shirt". My 2 fav bands in :)
The NHL Heritage Classic also set an NHL event record for both total sponsorship revenue and activation
ER has been good. What a table match finish! LOL Congratulations ! Freakin' Epic!
Point 4 funding wheel "Large, regular tuition hikes" Recent years of state policy built in a 7-10 percent tuition increase every year.
Tick Tock Just a wee more than 3 hours to place holds... www.denverlibrary.org
You wear so little clothing most of the time, you probably have to put something ON to take a bath. Please keep it up.
Im so tired I forgot I was tired
See you tonight, Providence! We'll be at 201 Westminster St in our finest. Join us for karaoke from 9:30 til close!
I love and miss ya Rav Rav! I hope to see you soon :)
#marac local arrangements committee was fantastic!
isn't that a naked website?! <U+E107>
sounds good, you still work with wide angle youth?
Licking a bowl with hot stuff in it = owwwieeeeee :(
Please tell me u've been to hooters??
Alright, time to get ready for Improv class. Survivor and Game of Thrones are set to record.
looking forward to next talk on E-Discovery at
will be loving life for the next 15 hrs of cutting weight.
Off to SOSH for YP Week - Milwaukee #SocialMedia Discussion
I'm so grateful to be alive!
Still a 7-3 game in Monroe in top of the fifth as the Cheesemakers lead Milton
Madonna is killing it on MDNA. Seriously killing it! It's impossible to be still when listening.
While grabbing a beer I picked up my fourth personal.
Hey guys, unfortunately we will not be playing on Sunday. We apologize some things just came up. In the meantime check out Amurica Fest!
me too! Why are you coming so far ha?
Random Thought: Always control & write yr own narrative. No 1 else controls it nor shld U evr allow anyone else 2 do so.
Bummer. You may need a nap.
MM HM say it honey (rolls up) :-)
omg the update!!
Thanks for the RT
Hum! Hope tmr go good as planned & hopefully even more!
every day i tweet a few times"I love you<U+2665>" and i always hope he will reply to me with "love you too"..this will never happen
oh shit my bad i thought u was jay v
1st Lt David Johnson motorcade is getting off on Highway 60 to go through Hartford.
Me too! I feel your pain!
I have been discriminated against by my own dark skin brothers and sisters. The promotions I received came from white men. So sad...smh
As the meaning of design and strategy converge all solutions become analogous.
Have a hot date with the washer tonight...the piles we have around the house make it look like 20 people live here!
um why are you so pretty??
find me #leanin with this summer
Awesome. Worth going you think or should I just take him to Best Buy?
Nap then gym
Good morning(:
Presentations are staring!
I'm liking this new twitter app lbs
I heard that too!
Sara, thanks for coming out & helping make this inaugural event a blast! We can't wait for next year.
Chris bosh looks like one of the middle stages from an animorphs cover
Teachers matter!!!
sandy the squirrel has never said one funny line..
Ran 2 miles at the gym on the track last night - yet my forearms are sore today. How does that make sense?
Must-Read Caldeira: 'The Only Ethical Path Is To Stop Using The Atmosphere As ... - ThinkProgress
Omg. When I first heard Harry speak I was all like, "why so deep and slow?" and now... i...talk...ju...st...like...th..at. :D
Have you seen the new look in Twitter? I'm getting use to it. How about you? :-)
baby c; XD
It's a gift.
I hate when people BS me
Hey Kyle! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!
go hear the song yellow by coldplay :D
But I love the money
Snow sirens snow sirens. 2 hour commute
I don't know where to get it!!!!! and i don't have a DS3D
I have thug in my blood.
Houston Hoops drop one to Southern Kings 61-58.
“: that fat one kept kissing the old man.” Gotta look out for the fat one.
my gpa will drop most likely because I will be playing the game so much
hi! I love you and miss you!
no means no bitch
Resign & re-sign are two different things y'all. So when you tweet #resign28 then I think about giving 28. So do it right
Keep that shit G .
DreamWorks "I AM NUMBER FOUR" has come to Pittsburgh thanks in part to Steeltown's involvement in passing the PA film tax credit!
if it were true it would have happened by now :P
magic suck n the second half
I always need more commas. Commas are not my friend. I want them to be, but no.
Hey ya Suzi -- thanks for all your tweets. Hope you're having a great Monday!!
gurl you go!!!! i hate how lady gaga is trying to take her crown!!
12 days of Tebow- 12 lineman missing, 11 announcers piping down, 10 lords that love him, 9 models waiting, 8 made another win, 7 in a row
You have a better student to computer ratio than most public schools can claim on their best days.
You know what grinds my gears when someone uses my comb but dont take the hair off the damn comb (-_-)...Nasty!
RIP Patrick Crandall <3 You will never ever be forgotten
not at all. How's mexico? :)
I think we're heading out to see the boor tides tonight? Anyone else?
i miss you too don't let your heart break! we can visit, you still have so many people you have to see! I love you!
thanks for the follow..
What are you building?! is it for an exhibit?!
everyone know me lol but i was embarsiing with that crazy girl she told me i hate selena cauz i'm jealous of her she's crazy isnt she? lol
Worried sick for my girlfriend right now...
#revision #writing-At last! Today revised and edited 31 pages of novel #2...2 yrs it's been waiting for me to get with it.
Having a productive day with !
Already ready for this day to be over.
Good Morning!
To all new followers, thank you 4 following us.
Borgia sitz sounded great! Outstanding sounds from and
Local Beer Fest will be delicious! #ChicagoCraftBeer,
": Salute!" Peace Soldier! I hope all is well. Have a great day.
"I have yet to hear a man ask advice on how to combine a marriage and a career." Steinem is speaking to me today.
You bet it was. Love that show.
Currently teaching myself coding and google analytics!
Procrastination will prolong your destination! Do it and do it NOW!
Dang. Derrick Rose I feel your pain. Take it from Why do all the great point guards tear their ACL's this year?
115 gigabytes of photos + video taken on my last trip. I think I have a problem
you should !:)
HWN played at extremely low volume
If you ask me #whyad2, I'll say to learn, network and be inspired by your peers. I wish was around when I started out
T.I "U Know" track is dah shit. Remind me of my dude
So apparently Ian's Pizza on State has a Fish Fry slice!? Why was I not made aware of this???
“: I wish Beyoncé was my mom.”
he woke up?
Testing it out right now. I'll let you know how it goes.
So says I'm responsible for getting the dancing on hq office warming! XOXO
My iphone 4 lock button isnt clicking any more i gotta push really hard should i just order the part and fix it my self? had it over a year
She sure did! I caught her before the meet & greet but she signed, etc
Thank you all who came out to the show last night! We had a blast and hope you did too! Can't wait till the next one!
This was great! : Let your hair down and come see #Rapunzel this weekend! Tickets $10-$22! Call 301-280-1660 right now!
Very well done indeed! Thanks for sharing.
on to the next one.
#GoTribe Come on tribe, you're better than that
I have never seen a Harry Potter film. I have no reason why, just one of those things. I feel very detached from my own culture these days.
Uggghh....honey, get you a nap on the plane! You gone need a siesta.
im trying
What? Lorne never asked you to host? That sucks!
thanks for the shout out. Cheers.
hi babe
Jaso catching tomorrow
My principal is the definition of demon
and your simile look good as well
welcome to the team!
And a "Friends of Weird Life" community to manage it is in place - please join!
talking to my dad about the plans for chicago and the 1D concert.
The constant misuse of the word "humble" must stop! I'm looking at you, athletes and coaches!
Good luck to the US Womens World Cup Team today.
I'm nothing special .. just a fangirl .
wats up jo how u been?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs this will be a shoot out because both stafford and brees can throw
First two books bought for the new Kindle are textbooks for next semester. Will spend time learning how to use it properly first.
Wearing a sports bra is probably the BEST feeling ever!!
"I apologize for any skipping tracks This the last girl that play me left a couple cracks......
thanks and sure thing ;)
awesome thanks for coming by!!!
Congratulations, and welcome to the ROC! Look forward to seeing you all in the fall.
ha- you made it there! Awesome....hope ur having fun!!
they piss me off.
Coaches are masters at making half time adjustments. It's time for us to adjust how we introduce tackling to players.
Kind of a 'blank slate' yes?
education they need to make them good citizens.
GOODNIGHT!!!!!! Thank you for all the wonderful 200 new followers I got today ;)
Shout out to my best friend and roommate who graduates tomorrow and makes the trek to LA this weekend. Go make us a movie!
Wow. I didn't think I'd be THIS into this movie.
I am planning on it, as always. Thanks!
Fire w/ evacuation @ Pizza Hut. 1718 Seminole Trail. Traffic south northbound.
So the girl upstairs had her boyfriend pick her up and drop her off somewhere...
Girl: "I'm ugly.." Boy: "You spelt BEAUTIFUL wrong." ^____^
it's like I tell my students, we are raised with cultural inflections and our race and gender and sexuality are constructs.
damnn! Hopefully not /:
You know you loved her on "Ned & Stacey." I actually was always rather fond of Grace.
Thataboy - keep swinging!
lol... I don't think I'll close it. ... I do have google + but Idk how to use it.... Lol
“: agree. Ducks overrated and under talented” suffers from little brother syndrome
Praying this little deal work out
Feel like jay and silent bob out here. With
Jamming out to some , loverboy, old metallica and night ranger in the van. Getting pumped to rock STL!!
Okay, we'll answer this one (multiple requests for clarification) right here. Contractors' in RED fields are SUSPENDED.
omg! I'm at Benelux and need to pick a beer!! How does a Two-Hearted sound?!?
Follow back?:)
People hitting me up for weed like I'm a dealer lmfaoo!! #EXCUSEME?! Smfh feens Lol
HOWEVER, the latest album by Paul Weller has both of them on it.
Over 60% of the +1million annual US Bankruptcies & 1000's of Home Loses are primarily due to Medical Costs & +75% Had Health Insurance....
u guys are def ending up in North Reading.
However, D3 map will not be included as option #Detroit City Council will vote on tmrw 3pm due to legal opinion.
yea okay
Can't wait to see what you have lined up!
Ughhhajhskkjuisal; stupid tv production stresses me out!
I NEED MO FOLLOWERS
Run thru! Designer run tomorrow. Yikes help!!!
thanks Craig!
With a baby then my other baby then my best friends
Haha! The military does that to you. If you ever need to know anything, you can always ask me. Been doin' this for awhile now!
Eat a sandwich Courtney.
First day of spring football<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
isn't there a BPD station at the left of the Stop & Shop? Missed it by that much?
Relax chill out
My pick was really good in practice near top of the board in every one of them. But did not qualify that good because of where he went out.
Overhearing a session recap: "shrink & pink - adapt men's products for women by making them smaller & pink." hm, interesting.
you're welcome!! :)
True that Xx
lol. That seriously made my life.
This isn't easy to admit and no matter how hard I try, I am not perfect. I sometimes eat grapes without washing them first.
Ha u hurt me for the last time I'm done
Man it's WINDY in La Jolla! Almost lost my weave!
If you gonna try & argue with someone you should probably know facts so you dont end up looking like a DUMBASS !
Talk to RT“:is there an after party? So and I can party with band members again? Great times!”
I would do that, but that is how I stay in touch with the fam. I mostly use the mobile app and set it to status updates.
the world really does revolve around money..
thanks for the retweet
When people drag their feet! -.-t
True True I'm not even gonna lie I be thinkin the same thing
just found something i like at hot topic, ew. i haven't bought anything from there since i was 14.
I want all of him or none of him
House passes debt bill! Stock market what are you going to do?
Thankful for the reminder tonight that it's less about success and failure, and more about faithfulness.
Let us know if you still want this posted.
Dex: ~• <<----- Picture of me when I was younger, I was so cute! Me: 0_o
Hey Jeremy, how I pay on the Facebook? My momma try, but don't pay:( and I really want to watch!
with television, I always monitored Ava's tv wathing because we watch the same I prefer children's programming, I know everything I need to
You don't cook on dirty pans do you? Then why would you cook in a dirty oven???
the 'I'll go to bed early, then wake up at 5am to get extra work done' plan never goes the way you want it to.
Welcome new followers:
cleaned up the apartment and moved out. needed you there
What would life be without you?
send your size and other info to and we will put you on a pre order list! Tell your friends.
"I start to cry, you kiss my eye and say I'm not allowed to..." <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Happy holidays, tweeps!
ok, I'm in #TweetAndEat - lets meet up after!
koolin stayin out the heat how u been
Hi, i know your awake. Tweet me.
Sometimes God lets you hit rock bottom so that you will discover that He is the Rock at the bottom. -Dr. Tony Evans
It's a lovely day outside, which means that I should probably watch all of My So-Called Life in bed.
My dad, uncle, aunts still don't know about what really happened. Shhh, don't tell...
and Christian bale!
Thanks! I appreciate it.
thanx 4 follow back much love
really feeling the pressure of my first tweet. still very skeptical of this internet thing. happy Holi?
North Carolina votes to ban teh ghey marrieds. Marriage between close relatives still legal.
Life would be easier if I was 12 again. My biggest decision in life would be tampons or pads
#fridayreads Corduroy Mansions by Alexander McCall Smith
you are beautiful!
When McFadden comes back, this 1-2 punch of him and Bush could be devastating
“: Louisville postal carriers to deliver anthrax vaccine in case of attack". Only 10 years late
Watching on the dvr again!!! Love this show...
that is great!!!
Robert downy jr would be great. “: The rumour that Justin Bieber will be playing Finnick. #HungerGamesProblems”
Just started this twitter thing... interesting hmm
I was thinking orange cause that's what color they are but then that'd be wack! I was thinking pink -fave color <3 haha
Looking forward to it!
haha awkward moment
your welcome josh x)
I can't help but find the headline "Chris Brown Feuds With Miranda Lambert, WWE Star CM Punk" to be hilarious.
RT - You know how people who suffer great tragedy or disaster can laugh about it? Jacksonville still cannot come to ...
In my Galaxy preview, I didn't see a win in the cards. Everything's going to plan, unfortunately.
Must be a glitch. Thanks for letting me know. Will correct.
I had fish once & I'd never have fish again.
Hay I'm a huge fan!
That disturbing moment when your power walking and old guys stare at you. UGH such pigs. -_-
WE LOVE YOU MORE!!!!<3
I'd appreciate it if every word out of your mouth wasn't a lie.
I love it! You are such a talented and gifted young man!! Take care and lets talk soon! Much luv sweetie
Ace-Boom-Boom?
how do i always manage to aquire these clueless fucking stalkers?
holliday park has awesome ruins and back trails
I love my #villalax seniors, they are not just amazing lax players -they are inspirations and will always be like family & call me Nique (:
Love our #atpawty and #blogpaws family!
Do you still win?
Big Boobs. Stripper Booty.
thank you ! godbless u too !
Oh I thought that was Joan Rivers and Janice Dickinson-- makes sense.now rt": Why were Hall & Oates on here again? #TheVoice"
hey u need to tell mrwrong he needs to send me a signed cd.
Just got all new ski gear, now all I need is some
Jones, Iconix feel the impact of Penney change - MarketWatch
I agree. I laughed hard. Clever as always and smart humor. The crossing broad one was garbage
#OneThingIWant is to wear his sweatshirt<3
If Bucks leave this city, I leave this city?!?!??!!
ook, How does it feel to be a College Grad!? Welcome to the Team! lol
oh, my! Joshua Ledet is what this world needs #idol Epic.
i just got back from la and was sad too. i love austin though.
Omg !! I want to see lol ... Oh don't worry there's a couple of them out there of me ... Ask olga .. Me in my underwear ;)
So happy i could die
DL some chicago music #SUNDAYSCHOOL by
Follow me please, you are amazing, I love you
missed you too (:
but no, was not I
would be great if we posted all of Spirit of America's job offerings on www.PurplePlacement.com homepage.
guess what I have in my house?
I just threw up from the Ratchet Ness
follow the next big super star outta the south he from MississippiÂ
Amino Energy Chews Hot Buy $19.99
DON'T MENTION AN A-BALL NO-HITTER (because nobody cares) : "Brevard County's Hiram Burgos has no-hitter through eight innings."
Soakin' up the sun <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
god bless those that can actually watch the #GOPdebates. thanks for the updates.
RT : That badass MCA bass line from Gratitude will always be floating out in space,ready to blow aliens' minds.
Humble Me Clothing is now on Twitter! Are you Humble?
I love my mom! :0)
Haha, yes they blend in too well...;)
Headed home today after an inspiring #AWP12. I have so much new info to process.
hahaha aw yay! And heck yeah I'm funny! :)
Are you a business, marketing, travel or niche #blogger interested in syndicating your fab content or guest blogging? If yes, let's talk!
Oh, wait. Does Android have Instagram now?
Wishing all y'all the best in this new year
My friends would be upset to know that I'm trying decide between going out with them Saturday , or staying in
One trip to & suddenly my yoga+training+spin sessions do not seem sufficient.
Whatchu talking about doing?
Yes I am back and I want to make a trip to Eugene! When should I come visit?
you are VERY .... CRAZY and GOOD !! Bye Alexa Teefey <3
this weekend is #occupyamazon... #readloca! shop ur favorite bookstore and publisher- cut out the evil empire! stay tuned 4 more...
Not all data is big data. Cliff Lynch
iknow and austin's gonna be away from ALL his friends & his grandparents too :(
I'm only on the bench for the second so it'll be okay.
lol. No you don't.
so I hear, but after no rain during my trip last March I am highly skeptical.
My friend and I are ur biggest fans!!!
My head says "who cares" but my heart whispers "you do"
Welcome to LA.
J Scalia asks if a state "has to accept w/i it's borders all people who do not have a right to be there if the Feds dont want to remove em.
Ben Vershbow - what if we were to start a new library from ground up? - / Peter Brantley #ndpl - a dramatic rethink
You too? Yeah! : Sunday Funday
What exactly are you looking for? Have tons of research from my dissertation.
Damn dog ate the entire tube of doggy toothpaste.......including the tube -_-
Omg it's already amazing !!!<333
Absolutely. Must be a combination of sophie shorts and really fitted james perse tank tops.
Currently watching infested about cockroaches
Playing the UFC drinking game. This could get interesting.
OOh, please pass along McCain person's contact info if you are able to use video!
City managers respond to both strategic data analysis and personal stories that show compelling/practical impact of libraries
“: what was the first record you ever bought?” hhmm I think it was either Hanson or Spice Girls haha!!!
Once you've claimed your business, how do you change the name of the business if it's not completely accurate?
Thanks for the follow! I certainly look forward to connecting with you! :-)
I'm too clever for the stations, they run me on filtration, it gets lost in translation and I'm not sure who they're saving.
What sirens ?
I'm so excited about GO! :)
well urban commuting is tricky then. I would say you could ave maybe 12 mph, so 30 mins? I would test it out b4 you depend on it
Get yo bitch disrespected.
I just love how it's on the water. I just love Newburyport :) I miss Boston
who are u? lol i cant DM back.... but uhm do i know u?
Shit the bed!
I Love You Too Monster Banana Mommy! :P =D
Girlyy boo ! ( aha throwback )
Why is Tiger Woods still news? Really? Is he that different from others How many that did what he did have to tell the world? Leave it alone
Today is National Chocolate Covered Anything Day.... hm...cover me! Yum.
YA READY?
Florida Swagg For Now
yeah would be the life wish i could come to brazil i always wanted to live there since i was little its so beautiful there
#dafuq. I'm scared to look at your face now.
Strange waking up with both the Neville Bros. "Don't Know Much" and the voice of the narrator of Forensics Files in your head.
ayee. follow back??
Affirmation: "I love and adore myself. All is well in my world." - Louise L. Hay
Just completed 3 hr drive to Lancaster.
Good day everyone , thank u god for letting me see another day.
Awe :) you keep it up!
I've watched your YouTube videos, ever since day 1. I think I deserve to get a #followback fothermucker. <U+2665>
will present "Strategies to Reverse Insurance Denials" on 12/8 Email for details!
Members Card Clippers +10.5 (15 units) Picks are looking great tonight. Great way to bounce back
that's cuz it was a trick DM. Just like the bday candles. Could do this Fri, end of day (not morning).
#nowplaying superman by joe brooks. i remember it being my myspace song like 3 yrs ago, love it.
Saad or Sinovic will be picked
Did someone change my phone's keyboard to sound like a typewriter?
Brilliant, thx for the share!
If we change what we are in this moment, all our future moments change as well. #fb -- Guy Finley ()
Full speed ahead... Historian and author James McPherson has chosen Admiral David Farragut as his nominee
we did.we will have to go sometime.
I think I heard a 3rd team competing as well not sure who though .. Might be Colorado
not sure, but you did teach me about The Game. Which I just lost.
Death is only the beginning right?
I love you so much. <33
yeah its awesome ! I'm a fanatic I can't stop reading the books lol
awww thank you!
yay! I love new bff's!!!!
soon! I promise!
Love......... No one can live and die Without crying over you.
This humidity ain't nothing to play with..
Did you know that you can have Sidebar to yourself on the weekend for #MarchMadness? Email Kate: .
The #United States shares with South Africa a number of important historical & contemporary milestones in the long struggle for human...
My grandma just called from Fort Wayne saying she heard about us on the news!
real shit boo
The DTE/Pine Knob is celebrating 40 years this summer. Looking back, what concert was your favorite? ~ Jake
I have alot of twitter fans Happy you back. Follow aka ...
leslieR: All checked in at the airport - suitcase weighed in at 52 lbs- those praleens r heavy!
Why can't people just be happy for other people? Jealousy is stupid! And it will get you nowhere fast!
When I was 15, along with sending a script to the Mary Tyler Moore Show, I also queried the NYTimes travel section for a feature story. 1/2
a book of facts 'perhaps'
Can you stop tweeting this?
Getting on the computer to do homework...
Well I think highly of Where you just hang in out here?
There is little over a week to get your submissions in for 's 'Visuals Film Fest.' Anyone can submit. All genres. Under 15 min.
Also, did you check out the Xactly SWAG store?? Show off your love for Xactly...& do post the pix on X Facebook & Twitter!
Thank you for the RT!
i won't play with your head or mess with your heart, cause im a real girl and i finish what i start:D
i am sorry:( this week is finals i barely talk to anyone
yeah...pretty good!
Sorry bastard didn't have the courage for Vietnam and he STILL doesn't have the courage to face his mortality
why no? Everything will be just fine. :)
Jordan, I guess is human. He sure didn't seem that way in the court!
lol it was first made only for good looking people to show off their sexy.... then a whole bunch of fugly people signed up
We'll give you a shout out if you follow out personal accounts!:) just tell us of your following this account!:)-Kelly xoxo
Oh dear! Have you mastered the space-time continuum??
Demoing new songs!
Does that include ? RT : Boston's $78+M on the DL is more than the payroll of 20% of MLB teams
Just got my tickets for in NYC Feb 11 on ! Can't wait!! Miss these guys!!
I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my boyfriend; I <U+2665> my family...okay so working @ Da resturant isnt so bad i made 15 in tips tonight...
Poop is not only brown for me, b
was going to sleep a bit ago but twitter
In order to get excited about life, first you have to appreciate life. Thank GOD for giving you the opportunity to see another day
what did i do to de-stress last night? fashion show dance party!
Today is April 13th, 2012 and we live to serve another day!
#nom! I want that!
#SomeWhereInTheHood a Jamaican is cook jerk chicken on a grill in the winter time
No follow back?
Yum Yum! Good thing I did some extra yoga this morning! Rasberry-brownie-cheesecake
austin mahone <U+2665> i love him
Got a great audition tomorrow for an A & E tv series would be a great opportunit!
I'm sorry to see this tweet. Hang in there. Hopefully tomorrow will be better!
Patterson Law Firm Attorney Christine Rosso named to Martindale's 2011 list of Top Women Lawyers!! Christine is one of the youngest 2b named
<U+200E>#2012WishList I wish all the dudes with shirtless profile pix to catch ringworms
sounds like a plan! Ill be back there on friday
Studio 24/7 actor Doug Sinclair's episode of JUSTIFIED airs on the 31st.
#WorstDJNames DJ Taint
I should probably deal with my horrendous email backlog with a bit more dignity.
I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> Saturn. Thank you for the photos, Ryan.
Hey Willow
how was the shoot?
Everyone has photographic memory; some just dont have the film.
right? Slept like a baby last night, and its only 9. Cleaning up and hittin the hay
In order to move on you gotta put the past behind you?
Thanks for the plug Nikki! Tonight is going to be fun!
| This just in...Susan B. Komen just reinstated funding to Planned Parenthood!
yah...im lost....im in kentucky somewhere
Haven't cleaned my gauges in weeks and they smell like death lol
Thanks for following back :)
Thanks, Boris!
"Lack of responsibility on your part, does not constitute an emergency on mine"
the bulls are killing me right now
Outside With Jenny & Wilmel
Thanks for the follow! :) Right back at cha!
Upload all the pix of Facebook soon, I need a new dp =)
“Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open.” ~Albus Dumbledore
“The impossible missions are the only ones which succeed.” Happy Birthday Jacques Cousteau!
Feel like I've been staring at lacrosse photos this whole week and not able to play with my new Mark IV
Did you know that Springer offers one of the largest STM book collections on #iBookstore with more than 20,000 individual titles?
Learn Clickbank - How to Join Top Affiliate Networks
15, 20 minutes goes by too fast. Sorry about the overflow folks, but thanks! :)
didn't even bring my books home from school. :)
Our upcoming exhibition will be presented in a specially designed space within ’s new MacGorman Performing Arts Center & Chapel.
Waiting for my hotel room to be ready for occupation at the Fedex/Kinkos on Wellington in Chicago.
I know right
Channel 5 News. Suspects still at large. They're looking for public's help.
Hate getting your oil changed? We can ease the burden on your insurance through the internet.
NP: Anthony Hamilton- Pray For Me <3 GN lovelies!
RT Presents #StartingFiveShowcase Performing Live TV Taping Broadcast by 829 Upshur St
Hey! Happy to try--what's your timetable? Can you send it as email attachment?
RT If you can't wait for MTN video!!!!
I am on it, but have no idea how to use it! LOL
Hope it goes well!!
LMFAO OMG(': he would prob think your prettier than me!
#NP High school -
LOL. Yup... that will be all... otherwise I would not be ready for checkout.
Sveum managing the Cubs. Matheny managing the Cards. How are we supposed to hate our most hated rivals?
Yup. But count on me reply to your tweets whenever I can (:
“: Wait, Lil Boosie is free ?” yes my uncle is not guilty !!
Magic take lead with 1:04 to play. J.J. Reddick does some weird robot dance to bench out of timeout.
Why is Tyler The Creator rich and famous? He's an idiot
Dying my hair.
Must we gloat?
Is very sad that I won't be seeing Speaker Elect John Perez tomorrow because the Center's Breakfast has been cancelled due to the weather :(
You can tell me you "understand" and "care" a million times, but it's gonna take more than that for me to believe you.
Chip Brown seems to have changed his tone on FSU suddenly.
Wishing all the Mom's out there a wonderful day! Happy Mother's Day to you.
you should infuriate developers and greek food lovers everywhere with a cucumber fork called tzatziki
how u ben? been meaning to catch up with you :-)
is without power and will remain closed tomorrow. However, they will host summer day camp from 7:30 a.m.- 6 p.m.
why don't you take your social regulations and shove them up your ass!
Face down ass up..
Volunteer callout! Grad students needed for University Library advisory committee.
High 5 RT All my kids had stride rites before their first Js
well no more jacoby.
I just saw this now...thanks!!!
RT : To anyone complaining about "unfair" background attacks on Romney: Birthers. That is all.
Hello to our friends at School at Blair Grocery! - Youth Empowerment & Sustainable Community Development in New Orleans.
And Party #1 puts her shoes on and leaves... Party #2 and the hostess are now in play for another day.
awesome halloween! my dwarf apatosaurus costume achieved new heights!
That half-way mark in a paper when you just don't have the motivation to finish it. #Iwantto sleep
is the torch past now that ELI becomes "Manning"and older brother Manning becomes Payton. For a long time when Media talked...
Ugh ACT this saturday... -____-
The most anxiety I have ever felt is being away from home and realizing I forgot to TiVo something. Borderline breakdown.
i love you
: did the instructor participate? in what capacity?
I feel like a role player is gonna hit it..
Hi there, I'm a real kitty!
Panel and session chair duties are done--responsibilities are over. It's now time for a little "me time" before heading to Athens.
lil kids that tweet about other people without mentioning them in their tweets is hilarious to see. Grow up
Now I know I must be dreaming! I'm going to start an all Milky Way diet!
sorry to dump bro... Didn't know what else to do
So nauseous.
Girl on Girl
So happy its Friday
He reminds me of our Max! Breed?
Thank you #TimeWarnerCable for making my bill 50 bucks cheaper than expected...
i said you treat me lol
need an upset in there.. Agriz over Clips doesn't count. Nuggets over Lakers in 6!
Can the start up nation solve the Israeli - Palestinian conflict? High level of inequality in Israel bet. Jews, Arabs and in W.B. -Hausmann
Doors will be open momentarily. Get yourself in line.
lol I havent eaten all day
That's funny. I'm working in reverse -- just wrapped up a Sopranos mini-marathon, and started getting into Mad Men.
how much for a cuban?
Just did my civic duty of voting for a lot of judges I've never heard of.
Check out the hottest new thing in candles.Gotta see this, ehe Hottest New Thing In Candles. It's Electric!
Let's GO BIG BEN!
RT :Doughnuts didnt have a hole in their center until a sea captain from Maine began poking holes in his mother's doughnuts in 1847
Dude how is the crowd? Any good specials?
YAYY I AM IN THERE VIDEO TOO! xx
May we make some crucial suggestions?
I now expect a tweet about dandruff every other day of the week, thanks for the entertainment.
What is #HR9? Another failed #Republican retread that will help those at top rather than those struggling to get to top.
It's super hard explaining 2 these foreign Larry's what Run It Twice is. "But why would I want 2 run it twice I have best hand...No, No!!"
It was nice to finally meet you at #140cuse last week. I enjoy your hoops articles!
IMPD officers are still on scene of deadly shooting in the 3200 block of New Jersey Street. One woman is dead. No arrests yet.
snicks. twix. pixiestix. all of the above! RT : Tell me fans...what's your favorite Halloween Candy?
the raleigh location would be the closest, but I would need conference room access on weekends for tastings
Why why why
Huh. Apparently all I needed to make my computer stop running so damn slow was a flash update.
McMenamins' coffee is wonderful! As is everything else here.
Is it bad that my soul just smiled as I walked passed the apartment next door and heard somebody butt getting wore out
it's not my fault I know many names lol
Like 10 more days until summer uuggghhh
FWC makes you so happy wow Maggie that is so very inspiring.
If i had a choice of a million dollars or you.... Id choose You because your already my prized possesion!<3
hey there
havent been out of bed yet... thinking about going outside and laying out.
I put you on the list for tomorrow.
Am I the only one who reads Craigslist missed connections and secretly wishes they were written for me?
is that what they're saying? I haven't heard it.
Indeed. I (mistakenly) jumped into 506 without having taken the first two; still did pretty well. Excellent prof tho (Hargett)
My #instagram feed makes me proud to be #PREBOK. Thanks a lot for the reminder.
awee thanks love!! And yeah he did. Bit It took a while for him to do so.
My birthday is in four days and you still dont know how old I am. haha.(:
I always love Monday mornings. The only day I get to lay in bed until I want to get up!
Deleting Numbers !
I by far work with the most amazing people in the entire world! Thank you for the birthday wishes!!!
Weird. I guess I'm a Twitter ghost or something.
me gusta your picture. Too bad half of my face is chopped.
RT : If you don't love at the end of this there might be something wrong with you.
Way to go brock
Tip: When you quit a job, strategize remaining vacation days 'not' to work anymore Mondays until you leave.
Neighbors house was T-peed by teenyboppers didn't see it till late. Weirdest eye contact moment ever..fried eggs all over the driveway
The Loveable Rogues <U+2665>.<U+2665>
So what about us guys that use glasses to hide our eyes because we don't wnat everyone knowing we are watching everything
Great advice Jean
not this time, maybe winner won't show and their will be a new winner
I think someone on the cta bus just took a pic of me with their cell.....
Nother good session idea: exploring public/private partnerships
On my way to NYC Church :)
Ok brother dear, I finally gave up and found you because I need you to help me find a Baltimore Bandits jersey.
If I were a bird my call would be "AWP, AWP!"
oh..whatcha doing in Logan Square..wait 20 minutes..umm I may not make it..but tell me anyway
haha she loves gift cards by the way. And yes she's loca.
Session today with ! Finishing the bridge for "Do You Know" and hitting the melody for "blackmail"! oh
My car finally bit the big one - time to rent and regroup!
that would be great they hardly do that with AD
So my friend Tori just told me I was the best friend a girl could ever have. I love that chick!
came to las vegas.NV and i couldn,t go see thm worse and kinda good day ever DX
This is it...today begins the long journey home. 24 hours of airports and airplanes. Who is bringing me a pizza at ORD tomorrow?
William, thank you for following back.
I forgot how to type. No really.
You gunna be the allstar again today???
Cool! Will be presenting at AWP next yr with Jane L. Carman, Anna Joy Springer, Debra Di Blasi, & Steve Tomasula. See you in Chicago!
Acting like you don't care because you do too much
Literally the bag lady for my group
my bad mane, I thought you had it after the long bomb to fitz.
Ha HA I 've been saying that all day!!!!!
Enjoying the beauty of the Soutern most tip of the Rockies......inspirational.....passionate...peaceful.......playful...nature!
2/2 - if you have to entertain the learners because they have no real motivation to learn, then it's a waste of time.
eyyyyyyyyy baybay! I miss you too , how you been
Katy Perry- The One The Got BOHH
Brieber is going to have a CRAZY story to tell in homeroom on Monday.
i keep learning things are true about 30 Rock...so does NBC or comcast also own a couch factory?
its funny to me how you can ask almost any other fan account who the biggest bitch "fan" is on twitter and everyone says her.
so glad you could join us!! Mom's forget to take R & R for themselves!!
Listening is a gift to both people.
thank you!! You guys made me feel right at home. But next time I'd like a trailer
Um....YES PLEASE! <3
can you manage FB pages you admin from the phone app?
other big issue - going over time or not using the time wisely.
hey can I get a follow back
RE: Moving to LA--specifically, does anyone have experience with apartment locating services they'd like to recommend?
Yay! Gwen Stefani is the cover of Elle's April issue, and she looks hot! I miss her.
Why not test with a dead load? Camera sounds too expensive to trust someone else's ratings, no?
Every man alone is sincere. At the entrance of a second person, hypocrisy begins -Ralph Waldo Emerson
no you didn't
NO! Ugh by who??
Woke up at 4:30am and have been watching Cabin Boy=I'm brain dead
Sip sip sippiiinnnn on that Haterade
You might be able to use something like Whatsapp for non-iPhone people while you're over there.
she always use to tell me she loved me now she don't tell me shit so what that mean?
Highland tour is one of the most thorough I've ever been on!
"make time to waste time." listening to a great talk by Jonah Lehrer
I want something else, to get me through this semi charmed kinda life
To everyone I follow (and my followers too): My Twitter account was hacked. I sent you no DMs. I've changed my password. Hope it works.
Remember yesterday but let it go, think about tomorrow and set your goals.. but live in the now, don't wish it away.Today counts.
It's been a busy day at the Ronald McDonald House. And a fun crew is cooking a fabulous dinner for our families now.
If you're tired, you should go to bed hun xD
why did u do nothing? :)
This is the worst I've ever felt as a #Brewers fan
I walk into a room. Forget what i need, I walk out. And then remember.
#righttoremix As long as it doesn't come out of *my* cut of all that sweet twitter profit money
GE Enhances Workflow in Echo Lab, OR and Cath Lab with Vivid E9 Cardiovascular ... - The FINANCIAL
"Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish." - Steve Jobs
Every time I think my life is depressing I just watch a movie about North Korea.
We're waiting on confirmation that a body found may be that of Michael #Philbin, son of Packer's coach #Joe #Philbin. The story at 7:30am.
Hey Lance , have you performed at all since you left the Monte Carlo? if so where .
Most Popular Food , iWould Have To Say McDonald's Becuss Everyone Has Ate It Before..
these basic bitches don't realize the need for jeffreys. They're jeffreys not just heels
Canes LB Darryl Sharpton (Coral Gables) with a 73 yard INT return for TD. Thaddeus Lewis' only mistake leads to pick 6. UM 34, Duke 16.
When the F are we going to do a show with ??
I want some fries.
I finish traveling on Sunday. (I had tickets for tonight but I can't see straight and have a flight in 10 hours.) So...the 14th?
Love all you guys it 3:30 am here got to go to bed and dream about yall nite all sweet dreams
I need to find my watermelon sundae
do you have to take them?
you are so talented <3 I'm proud
do you know when we're getting our yerbooks? if so, when?
Anyone have Cardona for spanish 3????
Can we save the day in this current economic model session starting
what the heck paaaaaj you dont know nobody lol
there is growing evidence that putting fresh fruits/vegetables in food deserts doesn't significantly alter patterns
Tell the world! #icheckedyes for
I want to give up, but it's worth it if I stay and play.
#INCS David Pike gave a thought-provoking conceptualization of Victorian streets as representing "paradox and contradiction," and ...
decanter still safe and sound!
I can not wait now that the film comes out of Justin Bieber!
Things progressing nicely at
Cincy xavier rematch would be awesome
I thought that was going to be a picture of some person with short shorts and a Panama City tanktop.
S/O to my new followers!!! Still at it!!!
Hm .... I think I have been away from identi.ca for far too long. Lack of OSX app is no excuse.
Mine: "commitment" RT : Word I cannot spell without assistance: "discrepancies."
that's really weird and really cool. I would feel like I was about to murdered all the time in there.
It's important to anticipate success --when we increase aspiration, should also increase resources to support.
Prepping for a shoot in Columbia tonight. We will post pics!
got some guys running North Central tonight, and tomorrow and the U of Chicago Saturday.
I <3 Advertising Media! (incl. Excel spreadsheets, RFPs, new biz pitches, POP decks, photo sheets & crazy deadlines). Retweet if you do too!
one of my all time favorites! Whenever I catch it on tv i feel obligated to watch to the end.
I still can't believe my brother who is in 6th grade is bigger than me..
Geh bye. Enjoy your day.
Still workin' on it.
I can't believe it either babe and it's been the most amazing 7 months with you I love you too! <33 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Going to sleep. Good night
I cannot believe myself right now...
Hey y'all just wanted to thank you for your tweets and participation during CES 2011. We all looked through it and I'm going through it ...
The epic failure is discussing a topic that is negative on a day of positivity for mothers. Today's a celebratory day!
haha, it will all make sense once you come visit us this summer.
gimme sum to quench it
Thanks Don. :)
#hardtoreadhashtags RT Watching the live Queen documentary with
I bought the #UnderratedEP by PSanders!!!! & I love it!!!:)
3/She was a Great Singer and Sweet Person.. Praying for her Family.
My mom called someone a poodle slut.
Yes, seal lactation just came up at #DCDrinkUp. Go figure!
#AwkwardMoment when someone does something you didn't think they would do in the first place and I like it lol ;D
yeah, I did..and that stuff happened in formatting, kept trying to fix it but then you got to re-upload it and it did it aga
Plug-In Profit Site - "NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY. We *want* newbies. Don't know how to build a website? NO PROBLEM! Don't know how to...
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it!
ohmannnnn :D I cannot wait to see you!<3
Oh my. Haha.
signs SB 397 ONLINE VOTER REGISTRATION! Go Gov Brown, , & the many many others who supported!
You really hate his lyrics?
defeat only makes you stronger. and it shows that nothing is set in stone. sorry guys. :(
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Sat, May 12 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
I am the newest skinny jean convert.
Clint Eastwood proves once again...words can inspire. WHEN, they are spoken by one with conviction and credibility.
woke up at 3 and beat them! Almost in fort loud on.
Hi friend!
I miss the middle school question game. You get get straight to the point with a broad
made an 88 on my Biology test...and a 96 on my Sociology test! Yes.
“: life is too short to be anything but happy, even if it means being happy alone.” <<<
Knicks-Heat..Mets-Phillies..Kickball..Sun. Very interested in today.
Great event to announce: Dec 10th at Lynnwood Convention Center with Isagenix leaders. buzz me about this business and their background! :)
I planned to go to sleep 45 minutes ago. Then I got on twitter.
I need my headphones......... Dangit forgot it at home
Sarah Palin's Going Rogue is #3 on the Amazon Best Seller's list. I forget, how high did Pelosi's book get? #2 is Glenn Beck.
right!! It was good though who won by the way??
2NITE! Vampire Weekend After Party @ Ghostbar! w/ Baio(of Vampire Weekend) DJ set! Wanna get in for FREE? Ask how!
The awesome moment when you're telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins you
“: Doubt it. He will invite someone else.” :( lol better be his mom or cuzn!!! Lol
hahaha yea :D
wow! You deserve it! My definition of an awesome week would be to co-star on your show...emt perhaps?
my texting buddies are wack AF. Smh ready 2 be back college_bound!! i need a change.. New PPl
If someone comes back to you asking for another chance it may not be because they love you. It could also mean they're not done hurting you.
thanks for the LinkedIn message - will definitely check it out.
Good Afternoon :)
how are we...
they're good... But I like some other guy ! I'm such a slore
No Monday Shows tomorrow due to Patriots Day!
headed to bullpen
Did you miss our Upholstery Sale? Well you're in luck! Today starts our Dining Seating Sale. 15% off - just in time for Thanksgiving!
Seeing yourself as you want to be is the key to personal growth. -Unknown Author
CNI: David S.H. Rosenthal, plenary titled How Are We Ensuring the Longevity of Digital Documents?
Oh that nap felt good
you shut your mouth when you're talking to me! ;)
i am still coughing! i dont understand how i can still feel this way 2 weeks later!
YES! Layers! I'm thinking chocolate w/ raspberry filling.
Revamp, I guess?
That a good thing RT
.HEY!! NC Back to 1879!! Way to look to the FUTURE!!
Cant Wait!!
Why do students keep addressing me in email as Mrs.? Whatever happened to using Ms.?
My most successful business ideas have come to me while walking along a beach enjoying life. Put life first. Success will naturally follow.
So far only the #Seahawks, #Cowbows, and #49ers new uniforms are dope
Time for a walk. Possibly with a stop at
We assume that Smith missed practices to spend time w his panda, "Brad Garrett" in honor of his favorite actor on "Everybody Loves Raymond."
Anyone equally annoyed with the wrinkled sheets behind Osama in his pictures? Fucking lazy terrorist.
RT: "The best argument against Christianity is a five-minute conversation with the average Christian." Right, ?
Thank you Rosie! I'll be back soon. Have a lovely summer. Feel free to follow me on my personal Twitter:
thats going to give me nightmares for a week O.o
“: you are probably right, just really hard for me to want to give credit to the Vikings for doing something good!” - amen
Great chat tonight- got you guys marked on my calendar. Good to see everyone!
ooh, that looks like a great conference (and a cool topic for you). i think I'll submit something too!
would be awesome if you followed me!!!
home home home
Our South Side location won't be open until January. The fine print notes you can use deal Downtown til new stores open.
I like it how my mom bitches at me for not being ready on time, but I got up a half hour late and I was ready before her.
you never like flash forwards!!! STOP LOOKING AHEAD!!! and yes I loved the ending
Join us at Zion tomorrow for Word and Sacrament at 8 and 10. We begin a new series entitled, "We've Come this Far." Super Sunday is coming!
:) sorry, just got this! hello, all! great to meet you.
we got a liar up in hurr
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/24/2011 and was under her calorie goal
#Motivated to get it done. Much accomplished in life but still so much more to do.
I’m a strong girl, I keep my shit in line. Even with tears falling down my wet cheek, I can still say those 2 words, I’m fine.””
shes great she inspired me by always reminding me that she will always care about me (and others too) in her tweets
About to get off work soon... I think I took 50 X-rays on patients today.
Why do people use photos of their kids for profile pics on Facebook, but not so much on twitter? #Random Also, please don't start. Thanks
70-80% #BI projects failed in recent survey #premier100conf [wow. Throws cold water on the buzz on it]
The power of my eyes and mind over ruled my wake up calls this morning and now I lost money.. Thanks You were right.
chasing another bonus on full-tilt for the next week I hope it doesn't distract me from chasing WSOP entry.
Just heard bobbybrown is dead too.. he sniffed whitney..
If He Can't Keep A Conversation Going , Ðon't Expect Him To Be Able To Keep A Relationship Going .
too nice out to come inside and work.... picnic anyone!!!!!!
2 hours later, I have completed bout 1/20 of my homework.
what's shakin?
That sounds amazing.
so good to see you! Next week for Oscar party at Titas!
Awesome. Man, nice having a very 'aware' sportswriter covering your team. Thanks a ton.
Circumstances do not make men, they discover them.
It takes time, living in a world when you don't know who to trust.
. There's lit that says discrimination/racism affects physical/mental health indicators... why's no one researching stop&frisk?
Tomorrow is Friday and i need to see my dentist.
Which Season 2 episode is your favorite so far?
Yeah, we traded an 11 for two 1st round picks.. but then took two 2nd round guys.
I spent the most educational morning in class with acting coach Jeffrey Brooks. I learned seven gold acting nuggets. Booyah!
Yea it does haha, I tried like the strawberry one a while back, it was pretty good but I like plain better
My thoughts are going to eat me alive today. I can already tell.
Wassup, Que? Where ya off to?
Bonus the rest of the way. Butler needs to attack, keep using the shot fake
4 more 'likes' until we reach 700... There may just be a giveaway here on the facebook page in the horizon ;)
Thank you for your time
I am such a lucky guy to have Jana in my life. She's the best.
Stop doing things the way they're "supposed to be done". There IS no way things are SUPPOSED to be done.
chatting with quicken now. again. how much more time am I going to waste on this software?
Came to see my niece :).
(AP) -- Christian Dior has named Belgian designer Raf Simons as its new artistic director. Will present his first show in Paris in July.
I need a snickers.
At least they don't have Johnsonville brats.
#megabus adventures: 8 yr old girl to mom "I know how to play blackjack. I learned on the internet from dad."
(St Francis) Sounds like a mattress fire in a bedroom
Unfortunately those are the
didn't know u were leaving. Best of luck! Where headed?
How do you know if a singer is at the front door? He can't find his key.
need a new talent? “: Need a new agent?”
yep! the one in the film.
bummed we didnt get the #webbyaward this year after winning last year but happy for #downtownseattle, a great site!!!!
Sometimes I do things that are so colossally stupid that I can't help but SMH. Othertimes, I think I do but I am actually a genius.
RT : “: All proceeds from $3 savings passes support our work in the Amazon. See how you can help!...
Sittin in the bath tub with a green facial mask listening to the white stripes after an amazing weekend... Life is good
#Top10Lies Funny...It tastes just like chicken
Not enough nonconf flexibility with Navy, Army and FCS for parents weekend RT so may schedule BYU, Utah, and still play USU SJSU?
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show? ;)
yeah of course i will!and ok yay! im really excited now!
mentioned subversion. Now I'm remembering engineering research groups from college!
Wait...you mean officials can do that?
I might!! what does it look like??
I'll just throw snails at both of you and you'll surrender :D
hahahaha!!! Yes directionators get shipped to a island that the boys will never visit and is full of deadly monkeys
wanna follow me back? Please!
Yeah, it just lacks the excitement of actually getting them when you are in the park. Something fun about that. It's a bummer
I wanna wish luck to everyone today :) for the retakes.
I thought women are independant and don't need a man to do anything for them, because ladies can do things themselves : )
Here at the San Diego Concourse preparing for tomorrow's Women's Resource Fair. Thanks to JD, Joe and Sarah!
cuz janie's got a gun. RT : And call the cops. RT : katie, bar the door...
With my old friends. Nice.
That's one person I'm not following because they can't keep from spoiling a movie for everyone else.
cant wait for the roadtrip to.indiana weds for the bulls game !
I'm one of yhur followerz...anywayz,i like princeton so??!!:)
Black Belt's Twitter focus is changing to provide men intel on need-to-attend events for smart, savvy and sexy women around Washington, D.C.
Wit my boobooo <U+263A><U+2764>
ah BRING IT
also. 40 feels a lot like 39.
It's coming soon my dude. Thank you for blessing it my man...
In Starbucks while they playing Angels by Sarah Mclaughlin. I feel uncomfortable.
Where will you be celebrating July 4th? We know the how will be wearing one of our shirts.
How did your gig go last nite @ the Holiday Inn?
Im getting good at basketball I think I should tryout this year
hows things? Just got off work. Today was my friday, yay!
Andrew I noticed u always r giving to wi people. Just curious why? I love it!
Who are some good Artists in Denver that need #beats?
You should follow this awesome design company ! do it now
alright, I might try to swing by real quick to watch, but no promises.
#FF Folks did amazing work this week
looking forward to the 1st #plpnetwork synchronous chat
u guys made the city of ny and jets fans around the globe proud, GO JETS!!!
Working on it, shooting for an early spring release.
Glad everyone's alright. Sorry about the oak, though. :-(
Textbook example of why wins and losses shouldn't be counted as any sort of relevant stat for pitchers.
U were saying?
Oops, meant to say they DON'T help. The editing makes the piece seem a little silly.
Glad you're enjoying my music Jordan.
RT : Chris Christie still quite popular in Jersey: 51 approve to 35 disapprove, per Monmouth U
Follow who is one of the greatest young artists that I have ever met :) I love his odd sense of humor lol
I swear all the iPhones I had were all built to be indestructible. The shit I put these things through... #whatachamp <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
nice bike:) lol I love PBR
and face... He needs to learn to take a hit and still finish. Turn on his inner Bruce Lee
thanks for followin
Moksa restaurant in Cambridge, Central Square - delicious asian tapas and creative drinks - pretty cheap too
Making a final sweep of my Mother's charred apt today for salvageable items. Weather Gods seem to be on our side. Humor God needed as well.
Thanks for the #SO !
I can be tough, I can be strong but with you It’s not like that at all.
Just back from Property Mgt Class..... Anyone looking for webinar equipment?
TWEET TWEET TWEET!!!! hehe
the Blue Dogs are teenage royalty. If #CapHillHigh were US Weekly they'd always be on the cover.
John Travolta says "Hollywood is run by a bunch of gay jewish men looking to f--k people". Who's his speechwriter, Mel Gibson?
Maryland bans employers asking for your Facebook password
2011 was a year of good eulogies. Mona on Steve. Bruce on Clarence. I may go looking for more.
A Facebook page is not a strategy.
Sexta-feira, no classes, team yoga, relaxing!
Re Mormon underclothing--the second #postsecret starts censoring itself to avoid offending readers, it's lost something precious
Good Morning! How are you planning to be an influence today? Everyday presents an opportunity to leave a legacy.
Finally caught up with the pilot of 2 Broke Girls. Hm. I like MPK, so I'm planning on catching another episode--see how it's progressed.
We want to thank everyone who has been supporting us and sticking with us during the development stages. We are now moving into live testing
Samuel Beckett was pretty good at cricket. Claimed to be the only person to have won the Nobel AND appeared in Wisden.
lamo I know I'm sexy
lol. Missed the Toto tweet before...D'oh!
your company may have problems when pretty much anyone who isn't a partner doesn't give a shit about leaving your company.
315k on dinner. one of the chipleaders. like 90 left 36 pay. having fun battles with
The Real Debt Ceiling @ daryldorsey.com. (Read blog) God has called us to become great managers!
Happy Hour 4-6pm 1/2 price sushi, beer & wine ~ Stop in and see us!
RT : I retweet therefore you are.
Going on a date tonight with xoxo
Don't get me started on light skinned men.....it's too early for my bullshit
Photo Detective - Maureen Taylor - shares how photos & genealogy intersect at Images of the War of 1812: Photo Evidence Revealed
#OHIO RT : #MarchMadness -- For the first time in NCAA men's tournament history, four teams from Ohio are in the Sweet 16.
Funny but true: "The reason pages are fixed width and centered is because that's the static image the client signed of on"
Hey guys, tonight is the night! The EXTENDED You Are Your Own: An Artistic Gallery Experience. Last week was awesome, so don't miss out!
I love you <3(: I wanna skype you again! It's been to long
Now my heart doesn't stop racing -.- ugh
I love talking to a real nigga.he ain't on that bullshit.think I chose the wrong one to fuck with.ugh
chill out son
drizzy drake killed it on fuse tv
On the ladder to success.
Other than a traditional LMS, I am looking for an app that tracks when someone reads a document. Must be private/secure.
We Love you!!! Welcome back.
Harvest of the Month for May: Strawberries
#MattCavanuaghSays Drew Brees is too tall
hey the release date of your album is my mom's b-day I hope she can get me it for her birthday since we both love your music
Is it cuz school starts in 2 wks? RT : I have no idea why im so tired :/
Major girl crush on Blake Lively.
It was an absolute amazing reboot, although when compared to Batman Forever, twilight becomes a good film
One of the many luxuries of the top 1% is they can pay others to occupy Wall St & DC for them... they call them LOBBYISTS!
hahahaha Shut ur face when ur talking to me.. ;)
All right! I want to see some spunk!!!!! If all else fails she can flip the table on them!! Go Teresa!!
Listening to Eddie Harris play "born to be blue" ALWAYS gives me goosebumps.
I ignore you because I no your strong body and mind.
to continue what we started in a comment thread-That's interesting you read over a long time. I lose all sense of continuity
When I was a kid we shot shotguns and everything else without ear protection.
Thanks to all of my new followers to many to list 34 new people have a great weekend work tomorrow
RT : I'm working box office Endgame on Friday, March 2. Come hassle me and make elaborate nonsensical demands.
HAPPY, HAPPY, JOY, JOY!! It's Friday!! It's FRIDAY, FRIDAY, FRIDAY!! Enjoy and have an AWESOME day!! :)
Love to ride the F: you get to see the city with the tourists.
#following you right back pa
If you're gonna at least attempt to rap, step your bars up hahah
That's Junior's food and purina cat chow. I want the good stuff, MOL!
Coffee and cigarettes for breakfast.
#Hialeah Park #Bike Night cookies for today: potato, cho chip, s'more, hot cake, PB, red V, 2x cho chip, vegan carrot cake & cho nanna...
I just got the first shipment of the new Crazy Mary CD Dreaming In Brilliant Color. Hit Me up for a free one.
Absolutely! "Divide and conquer" wasn't invented by Scott Walker. Time honored principle of minority rule, from ancient times
Downstairs at second to final dress rehearsal. We're here to make a dent in the universe.
but I like #banannas :D
Do not believe that possibly you can escape the reward of your action.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
You need to re-release Beer League in 3D, like Titanic. You'll make millions like James Cameron.
oh, damn beat me to it.
hot that i was like gonna faint if he touched me. goal tomorrow: talk to him. hes a senior so i have to hunt but he agreed to marry me. OMG.
So he is going to start again tomorrow, right?
If you entered Papa John's Superbowl free pizza contest, then be sure to check your email for instructions on how to claim your prize.
I just had to take a cry break in the work bathroom... Sad day... But I'm going to make it
haha it's alot harder than you think! I have Algebra 2 and I like...go blank on it!
Your Roy Lichtenstein makeup is the best Ive seen! And Ive seen some others attempt this! Awesome job!!!!
They say I am pretty but I don't see it! If I am so pretty like everyone says why I'm I forever alone?..
hey!!, how's evrything in S.C. So far? Nobody left in the office to tweet my lunch!!
I dont think anyone expect Randi the Ringer Raslack to be so dominant
hi hey! Off topic, but Can you tell a friend? MS SQL analyst, perm in Addison. Thx! / 214-691-9494x12
I know but it needs to come sooner :)
Our next session is on Blackboard and will begin shortly when tables shift...
haha, I love how we are making believe he actually did cheat on me lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>. only 7 more weeks to make it come true!!!
“: Shhhh… BE QUIET I HEAR SOMETHING! I think that’s the sound of nobody giving a fuck about what you think.”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
After you've already hit it via other channels you don't get to see SM-shared links. So, yes.
\(^_^) ": RT if you have an istagram I need followers :)"
Hey Columbus! If you or anyone you know is looking to pick up some extra cash while helping a good cause - one of my non-profit clients is …
Stepped out of the air conditioned theater into 87 degree weather. And here I am, dressed in my SHIELD outfit which is all black.
Good going. RT : crossword. Done. Couldn't even stump me on fifty down.
can u follow me plz!!!!!
googling "is my mouth supposed to hurt like this" yields far more results than I'm comfortable with
OMG!!! Why do migraines have to exist??? They hurt so bad!!! :(
Thanks for the RT!
Need moe followers
Wi-fi is out. This sucks.
RT : "The customers have spoken. But are we listening? I would argue not nearly hard enough." John Paton
in the media center at lunch. They're gonna be there again tomorrow too.
I hate when you are hungry and tired and you aren't sure what to choose
THAT SAID: Hi5, Rev! Look who's talking about a black woman's failure to be defended by the justice system! #KRAY!
cool homie! Hope to see you next time you come around!
what is that ? Lol
I think my dad has it. We had a friend who was a highway patrolman. His son helped a murder an Ojibwe under an I-95 overpass.
anyone in a while so it's annoying me
Leadership isn't communicating what you need, leadership is communicating what you can contribute. ~
Holy crap!!! We did it!!! We blew the world record away!!! More than 4000 zombies this year!
Dan Aykroyd sitting w Paul Allen at the Blazer game. Go Blazers!
Having a morning that lends itself to listening to Bon Iver sing Bonnie Raitt.
shut up but i am pumped you will be up this weekend
sorry guys I meant lol sorry Constantine, was great seeing you last night.
Happy drink with your family day! We started with mimosas, how about you?
LOL is that a bite mark!?!?
''A relationship doesn't need any promises, terms or conditions, it just needs two people "one who can trust and one who can understand."
Nicole is in her room now recovering. She did so good I am so proud of her. She is doing fine.
Take it from an old timer. Prevention costs much less than dental work. Plus you get to keep your own teeth!
Happy mothers day to the mothers with big dreams!
More Subjects: Advocacy, Chiros, Nutrition, Diet, Oxidative Stress, Mercury, Challenging Behaviors, Verbal Beh, Video Modeling, Gastro...
#In The Studio
I want to be dox'ed lol, how much info on me could I have out there?
We want to thank everyone for a wonderful Summer Market and look forward for the opportunity to continue with the new Winter Market!
Bored at home, nobody came to see me today.
Nice luncheon w/ the Heritage Society members today, including a special performance by the Trinity Chamber Choir. Great Friday !
: Keep the music coming! Heard you play at Longhorns in Manhattan, KS last year...you tore it up!
It's the #weekend!!!!! Party party party! Don't forget to take your Closing Time ;)
WTF did you do?
This cloudy day is a nice change
Wow. Wow. Wow.
i will send yhu a request and ma name on fb is prince olakanmi
Yes a simple code to live by. A ll the best Margaret.
ever since we met, i only shoot up with your perfume.
You’re a real musician when; you get to the gig to find out that nothing is comped, and you're charged $10 to park.
that's a cool picture!
he asked me did I want to go to the movies Fri. I said yeh so when we were textin he stopped textin & we never went
“: What we need now is some artists on prime time! How beautiful would that be! #ACMs” Very!
Yes! For journalists or people working in media in general.
Five beta customers already on-board for the new product. Intrigued?
Thanks for what you do for stray animals , more celebs follow your lead.
Buzz Williams went 2 straight weeks without yanking a scholarship? Guy is losing his edge.
is all about convening a diverse group of people and charting a path
should be on this stage right now
Fire wheel is about to drop an acoustic love bomb. Get to Lovin Cup now
when you leave love? il be home 19th may =)
what city is that?
"Sometimes I just sit and wonder what she has that I don't… besides you."
me neither. In fact I have paw prints on my rear window.
Slick Willy going to make an apearance today?
To tired to go to school I want to stow away and sleep for tired days straight!
First Aid for the Basic Sciences, General Principles, Second Edition (First Aid Series)
These chicks must think that dudes will get at them just bc they stuff their boobs in their headshot...try again lol
If you are an exhibitor at the Denver show, reply with your booth number so our fans will know where to find you!
There is still food in there :) which looks good!
UT just replaced west coast dude from Boise with a former NFL coach, x2 NCAA champion, with SOUTHERN recruiting ties.
yes!!! I really want to go!!!
I'm intrigued! Let me know what teaches you.
Guten Morgen Thanks for being our latest follower and welcome to our twinning tweets. Watch out for our competition later!
I was super impressed by your intensity on the game. Thanks for inviting me! Let's definitely get together for drinks SOON!
Sometimes I find myself wonderin' where you aree, <3
Someone else from NARTH giving testimony says it is National Assoc 4 Research on Therapy 4 Homosexuality, or some BS like that. Boo. Hiss.
we love trees!
Cee-Lo and his cat >
thanks for the RT!
So much for not handing out a practice final exam! Take that Physics!
A3) When we need to get classy, we visit our neighbors
Krick answers the ? "Why Jackson over Lee?" saying that Lee's popularity waxed later than Jackson & in part because of Jackson's success.
How do I apply to get into the fashion police academy? Whats training like?
I look forward to the day I can call it home too.
"Life at the Resort" WON BEST COMEDY FEATURE at the New York International Independent Film & Video Festival 2011 !
Peter Piper or Chuck E Cheese?
Where would you recommend to go for good mac and cheese? My mac and cheese blog needs new blood.
People get on my ever lovin last nerves sometimes
Anything on the healthier side we can recommend to our members?
How to Freak People out: 1) Empty out a Windex bottle and clean it. 2) Fill it with Blue Gatorade. 3) Spray it in your mouth in public."
ILL & Document Delivery will be down Sun 3/18 6pm until noon Mon 3/19. ILL and article requests will be unavailable during this time.
Live lunchtime music under the tent in Schenley Plaza today from noon-2. We love free programing in Schenley Plaza!
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool DAMN, my professor is fine!
It's the red. Red t-shirts look good on everyone. ;)
Thanks we are happy to met you too.
#youthviolence wm bell of Casey family Prog asks what good is it to save kids from foster care only to have them become victims of viol?
Cook like Jerry: Waterfront Kitchen&#39;s new Monday cooking classes
“: So excited to see in NYC! Drinks with pls. ((I will be sure to recognize you right away!!))”//YES!
#Imagine Austin: how i cant love you while you're the most beautiful & nice girl I never met. You: *blush*
YES! That was amazing last night, and SO much fun :)
Thanks so much! Sparkle plenty! xoxo
dam u treating me like gio bt ok i want
what a great goal. Its all about knowing yourself and living your dreams
dv server...am I affected?
You are going to love Hawaii. Which island are you visiting?
Mr Delirium's "Survey Pro" won 2nd place in Fells Point Corner Theatre 10x10 short play competition! I'd like to thank the little woman!
Accepting oneself does not preclude an attempt to become better
That's why I wear glasses. It also burned a hole into my cerebral cortex. That's why I have to wear a helmet and a leash.
I kid you not before my very eyes is an "Obama '08" tattoo. <U+E406>
How does #oomf know that.. :\
i hope it'll be there by then. pub date is 3/15. thanks!
love it.
its the night owl what s up you $200 a bottle smell good, sexy boy shorts & tight tee wearin woman
Happy birthday miss Cheyenne. Have a good day baby
Anxious to try #GoogleDrive . If it's good, I might just move everything there.
whahahaha @ Bristol palin
I'm on my way
Rad! Nothing wrong with tattoos that only exist is our minds eye!! Some tattoos I've seen IRL should probably have stayed there!
good point - they were probably too little too late - he had other things to be reading I'm sure...
Maybe if I just keep drinking tea and listening to Bill Evans, I can write 2 papers today.
A Strong Drink..A Nice Sex Session & a Good Nights Sleep Sounds Amazing.
Every leg-spinner is better than Warne (pls don't tell the aussies - i have yet to see a kangaroo)
Much appreciated, Helen. TY!
Good Morning fans! Today is going to be an amazing day. I feel great.
Since Mark is not on Twitter or Facebook, I'm going to give a shout out to and ask her to wish him a happy 30-sexth birthday!
Why, thank you!
where is tonight?
John Love invented the pencil sharpener in 1897- InSpotter mobile app
Signed a lease for my first official one-bedroom just 4 days into the new year. What's next? Hopefully a driving license in February.
Positano Hotel Booked! BOOM!
Let's go
YOUNG PHAT FOR PRESIDENT MIXTAPE COMIN SOON!!!! MIGHTY MPIYA BUSINESS!!!! LETS GET IT!!!!
Seriously I'm trying to get up from this couch but SPONGEBOB is making it hard <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
party was nice. I look forward to experiencing the great shops and dining.
8Flavahz is shit compared to the other crews. Just saying.
I like my coffee black. Just like my men.
Beautiful day...just too darn hot!!
because you don't tweet lol.
great performance by Nellie McKay she was really spell binding.. We so appreciated her support of civil disobedience.
These people are silly cuz
I'm gonna name my daughter Norma Jeane just so she can get picked on. :}
Met him at sabres game RT : where did you meet him at?
Oh hey he pulled one. Nice.
Get ready for Royal Caribbean's WOW sale Tues & Weds! Get up to $250 onboard credit & reduced deposit - sailings start in Jan! 800-803-7245
Geeking out over all of these free prospective courses. Why don't you just read a book, you say? Creating my own tests would be cheating.
Tonight estilo is where to be!!!
yeah, obama! great news, right?
Thanks :) RT Happy Mothers Day (:
If only was a subject at school, we'd all get A+. And if fangirling was a job, we'd all be billionaires.(:
Nah. RT: If u wanna get your car chromed holla at me I'll hook u up
Hitting the gym hard so I can have them big arms the girls like
My own paintings of a cityscape.
I feel your pain! #isitfridayyet?
Justice system ain't shit, full of Devil Worshippers
congrats on the win!
Ok gonna try to do it tomorow.thanks kim
Planned, or just time?
Hey I love your content, if you ever want to be guest blogger on my site I would love to have you.
I like the idea of a wrist tattoo. :) My mom would be so proud lol. She has one, so I guess if she shot it down, she would be a hypocrite.
I'll be seein yall boys on that song SOON!!! I heard ol #Bredren verse already! Yeaahh mayne!
"the only end to adolescence is death or employment"
agree completely
“: Oh you have Adi-Zero cleats? You must fly around the bases.” hahahaha
honestly there is no way i can thank you enough for the past year
OMG why did that man jump up & down?.
"A good idea is about ten percent implementation and hard work, and luck is 90 percent"- But we're still working hard!
Good weather now a days .
visit www.tncnews.com for more breaking news
Hey #Lebrick, your mom is licking her lips lookin at
The Cats are all hard at work tonight designing, coding, testing, and deploying… what are you all up to?
no problem girlie :)
instead of buying a $6000 camera today, I settled for a $30 card reader.
Good luck with the event, will there be notes taken?
#UPS guy delivers package. Rings doorbell & drops it at the front door, not waiting to see if someone is home.Good customer service or not?
Portions of the new Death Grips record sound like Cody Chesnutt expanded "Bitch, I'm Broke" into a concept album.
thanks for the mention!
again not America's fault.
wink if you're reading this(;
i was actually there it was me!
Ready for tonight to end so I can be closer to getting out of the hell I call mothers day brunch tomorrow and have a day off with my babe
who got an A on their midterm? Katy Ricardo, that's who!
Good to see you too Pranav! I wanted to catch you again after the last session of panels but couldn't find you.
This is the final week of #MFA #thesis exhibit, Nine Degrees. Exhibit closes May 13, at 4 pm.
Newport in hand now all I need is a drank and not beer I need some #Henny!!!
Cleanse the negative energy and open the field for imaginative possibilities. The clear path to discovery!
I literally wrote "Watching Downton Abbey's 2nd season" on my To-Do list for the weekend.
PURE by Baggott is pub'd as adult but I'm sure it will have crossover interest with teens.
hm....I see....haha!!!take your time, I'll See you around...hopefully...
You say sorry like an angel heaven let me think was you.
I wonder how many humanities post-docs are out there in the twitterverse. If you know any, please help me connect! Thx!
I can't move my right arm...
oh I will. Say the time and place and I'll beat your ass ;)
you'll have to post a picture on the one you decide on!!
The only player in mlb who I believe is worse then Corey hart..is Carlos gomez how did the brewers get lucky enough to get both
thanks girl! Time flies! We must be having fun :)
das me dude.
oh well
5 more minutes, FOOD 4 MA BELLY.
What about when he was a nihilist in the Big Lebowski? More laughable than terrible.
ok hmu when u get out
Thank you!
there nuts!
Ha! Thanks, Dennis.
Great working with you last night. You smelled so good!! lol Makeup Artist LaT
Christofer drew front row and I got to meet him. I can't
yes it is
wow. #git branching, that just blew my mind.
please note that I am in fact replying!! Yeah, that woman needed a Lucozade with extra strength Excedrin this morning
My mental relationship with
Jayz coming to town tomorrow! Woo...lemme find out!
there are 22 players on the pitch for 90+ minutes vs 10 on the court for 48 minutes. Its pretty close in the game today...
I guess today is when us cavemen watch championship #NFL and the more refined intellectuals just snipe on twitter.
BAE = That's My Love . Main = You Ain't The Only One But You My #1 . Boo = We Ain't Together But You Mine . KNOW Where You Stand !
Hello París, thanks for following us!
Truth doth the drunken mind tweet.
There's still time to head down to Music Hall & grab some of the few remaining tickets to see live with the CSO!
Make sure to get to the tonight and see the !
OMFG 1 MINUTE AH #BoyzAreBack OMG I CAN'T MY EMOTIONS!!!
and here I thought you'd be getting -ism tattoos.
Getting ready for ministries cabinet this weekend. Going to be a great time.
Any fun plans for Cinco De Mayo?
Life sorts out itself in such Mysterious ways.. Only God
Excellent. Use "graphic designer" in a tweet, get new followers. They'll be sorely disappointed very, very soon.
33 but it's about to go off I think
you have rollerblades, right?
if i audition for the x factor, will you put me through to the next round?
lots of Asians?
“: that's awesome!! Congrats!” Cheers, Jamie!
After getting my Paul Silas on 0-4 for the day time to kick back n enjoy the. High life miller that is.
Never mind! Just try.
im running outta time. where is my runaway love?
Consistent investment in building the relationships first really pays off ~
Trying tracks for the first time
No Rick, BO will prob not use say "govt-run top-down health care" THAT'S NOT WHAT IT FUCKING IS. (Tell him Mitt, then deny it)
I think Nicolette is a whore, tbh. I'm just saying, do you see what she wears doe?
Twitter > Facebook
“: Totally awesome that John Boehner just tweeted me.” Beware...he's a politician. He probably wants something.
Just yesterday they said it would be 76 and sunny today. Now they say cloudy and high of 55. There are some angry car washers I am sure.
Love da photo!
honestly I had about 20 windows open in chrome and my goal was to read and close them - i know have 40 new windows open :(
We're really good at the craft of printing and we can help you to grow your business through marketing strategies that go well beyond print.
Wow.. Twitter integrated right into Zimbra. I wonder if there is a Socialcast Zimblet
Long week. Spinning a private event tonight. Back in Hollywood next week.
Bio lab exam <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Hey there! We put together an infographic on South Sudan that we thought you might like: bit.ly/sudaninfo
Our newest team member starts today. A big FOCUS welcome to Latrell!
Gods gonna be with me. Hopefully everything will go well today:)
After a one year hiatus, the prodigal son returns. Ha. You doing PGA-West again? We're in Palm Springs (again).
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely ~ P. J. O'Rourke
nah it's straight. Just love to help. All I ask is u keep me in the loop so I can promote da fuck outa ya
Good night twitterbugs! Another day done here at Celebotastic!
*laughs* that is the last thing I need
It's so cold in my office that I'm wearing my winter jacket. Brr!
"Only true believers remain."
The models make their way through Hong Kong to attend go-sees = #ANTM is ALL NEW TONIGHT at 9/8c!
i don't understand my state gov't: 'to save money we're mailing you this to tell you we're not going to mail you something else.'
heyy! where did you go??? :DD
hey everyone! anyone on?~Ashley
1.5 hour commute for a 3.5 mile trip home... welcome to Seattle Snow!!!
Good lord...loyalty day....sounds creepy!
THANK YOU BULLY!!!!!!!!!!!! Alot of guys wouldnt put a kid over your a total pro..Hall of Fame 1st ballot in this fans book
You like a bitch with no ass, you ain't got shit!!
Aight have a good day, yung wild n free, God bless, it's Friday already....!
Really? You're going to complain about the sleet and rain after what Japan is going through? Perspective please...
My pleasure! Miss you already! Come back soon!
What's the difference for me between a geek and a nerd? A nerd can speak Klingon.
Happy Birthday :-) <U+263A>
Fantastic, thanks! And 's site is filled with excellent info on the composers, musicians and hosts. A goldmine!
I mean... Or #NOTTHEFIRSTTIME you like my technique? What's this white covered peace of heaven?
I wish I had a friend named Phoebe so I could call em Pheebs.
Fear lasts longer than love
Oh no! Some #thatcamp Bay Area emails were marked as spam! We've resent them. If you applied and didn't hear back, check your spam box.
Pirates' Burnett out 2-3 months with facial injury. Would A.J make a difference?
haha I've watched them all and so I'm now waiting for season 3 June 5th!!!
Is your home upside down? Has your second mortgage or equity line been rendered unsecured? Chapter 13 Bankruptcy may be a no-brainer.
Happy Easter to all of our followers and staff from the GTE Team!
Keep it DL, in trips...dad hasn't re-up'd yet. #embarrassing RT just went to the ATM in Quads right now....yeah thats right Quaads
what day is best coast ?
thank you to all the people who have "liked" us recently. if we could "like" you back we would<3
- i was refreshing and then it said it was gone... :(
Spotted on piccadilly line: woman sketching other passengers. She did a fantastic croquis of a 'larger than life' accountant type
at the rock. Diversey / halstead
ok amanda bye. Text you later
Thats good can you follow back?
Carrie underwood-i cant live a lie
Good morning from the Front Range. #HewlettFire still burning near #FtCollins.. wishing our friends to up north a fast containment!
Seriously, who writes checks anymore?
Man, careful...you are probably gonna get yourself Hendo'd again! O-V-E-R-R-A-T-E-D!
fuck money bro
huge tag for Cruz. Need to get him in plus more
I didn't mean to be too quiet - I had two job interviews today.
And buying stupid things lol
same to you and your wonderful family! ;)
ill have to try that!!
Watching the celebrity all star game.
#ThingsThatILoveInLife finding that one person & not being bitter anymore
Dodgers fall to the Rockies today. With a final score of 2-6. Ted Lilly will take the mound for the Dodgers tomorrow.
Oh my God another day at school
Let everything you do be done as if it makes a difference. William James
...way ahead of ya. Tweeted it 40 minutes ago. :-)
we could all use the en-v in savannah. They would solve a lot of problems with parking.
Dream success is easy once you defeat the doubts in your own head!
everybody wants to change the world, but no one, no one wants to try
How much more revenue is MDX gonna make from the toll at 17th Avenue on Marlin game days? A ton. Tollation is alive and kicking our asses.
I will put it up on other sites as well
Congratulations that's wsup. Told you you was gone be straight lol
Meet local writer Ron Mackey, author of "Parenting: The Bottom Line" at Paseo Verde Lib on Monday from 2:30-4:30.
End of Book Two. On to Mockingjay
Who's going to the show tonight?
Glad to hear that, Gillian. We were moved by the project there, and would love to help/be involved more in the future.
Sons of Anarchy is intense!
Great Bikes, Great Prices, for Great People!!!
I never realized how much time I would spend thinking about/discussing/cleaning up poop until I had a kid. Little miracles.
Which boyfriend? 28 days. Despereux. The Blind Side. Taken. Love & Basketball.
Forgive the past, live the day and pray for tomorrow. That sounds a good plan for today
despite the fact that I have floated him for two months!
what's IFBC? I'd like an excuse to go to portland.....
Is your exercise program a health benefit or a health challenge? CG Philosophie
FUNNY STEVE
At the wedding feast at Cana recorded in John 2:1-11, after Jesus turned water to wine, St. Drunken immediately went to fetch more water.
: Grateful for your take on my recent video "auf Deutsch". Not fließend anymore, but at least its not machine translated, 'gel?
waiting for your thesis
Im going to a blood on the dance floor concert tonight!!! But I have school tomorrow.:(
been play call of duty all day lol
Perhaps the most impressive part of that game was the fact that Cameron and Brett Boone went back-to-back twice in the first inning.
Happy Mothers Day!
There's always a gun to somebodys head..man damn Shoot! I hate this movie.
Morgan just got me too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Think he plays? RT : #Nuggets Kobe Bryant arrived in the Lakers locker room at 6:59 pm MT wearing sunglasses.
Heading to #isa3 tomorrow. Excited to see everyone and catch up with my indie developer peeps!
sends #FF well wishes to new followers , , , ,
As a whole, Warrington's favorite band is Between The Buried And Me.
Um...why am I not in that video?! I kid. It's GREAT! I like Alyssa and Will's comments. Phill made me chuckle too. :)
thank you ;)
It's so cold in the office that I have had three cups of decaf coffee just to feel like my fingers aren't in danger of falling off.
someone got a shiny beta key?
Big love to Mike Brown, Deborah Magone, Phil Naro, When Friends Come Out To Play, Methanol, & Rainline for great & good-looking guests!
Midgets are really down to earth
well you know you could've hit me up tho.
Thanks...I think I am getting the desire to act again...but need to find a project.
Today is my birthday! Happy Birthday to
thank u
Effy Stonem is the best character ever!
What's everyone's favorite supplement right now? What is pushing your further than you've ever been?
actions speak louder than words.
Worth a shot. Baron's got good size. He can create for himself and others. I'd like to see how he'd play w/o the ball.
Nothing says Merry Christmas like Chanel!
Jamming out to my new ibeats! Hells yes!! ^_^
Just to let everyone know we'll be closed today, but we will be back in action tomorrow!!! <3 hope everyone had a awesome weekend!!
“: Bout time my weed get here . I better see a video or I will walk down the street & beat yo ass lol”Stfu but come smoke
while i was shopping a girl ran past me shouting 'one direction book' my mum just started laughing at me
So I think I have my blog tied to my tweets and or buzz, but I'm not sure. I hope so, let's play!
OK, if you pull the pin out of a grenade, can you put it back in and let go? I'm going to need a quick answer on this.
Awesome show at a fantastic venue. was so rad. Heading to T&C for more #CBC12 fun? See you by 1.
well now I have something to say.
Hooray! Our first episode for #SoundDiego is "in the can". It airs this Saturday night after SNL. God I hope my editor makes me look good.
get'r done!
I wasn't prolife until I miscarried. Had a sonogram prior to this happening. Saw it alive and heart beating. Changed me.
#lgovsm maybe but sometimes personal feels riskier than hiding behind corporate identity Need to be open to some risk
A colleague just turned me on to Food Swap Tucson. Tres cool. A smart way to share that bumper crop of cucumbers you're growing ;)
Researching Marie Laveau for the From Dark Pages set. Just a couple more rehearsals 'til showtime!
mad bored like all there is to do is go on tumblr and twitter but I'm all good with that lol
haha John knows me #kinda Lowe will be there during the day right
I wonder how Julian Simon would respond to that flow chart
If we have 75 mutual friends on Facebook and we aren't friends, the likelihood that I fucking hate you is 100%
I tried my hardest to stay awake but I couldn't best nap I've ever taken
All my friends are leaving me after this year </3 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
The concept of YOLO isn't to go smoke n drink n make an ass of yourself! It's to go out and do something with your life that matters!
My brain and my tweets are going downhill. Time to pack up and go home.
There is a certain person on twitter who want Tyler posey to tweet Her but she keeps spamming him and my Time line it's getting annoying /:
Believe me, the vacuum will wait and be there for you anytime you want it.
Great meeting you at the
You got a Bank Account? Yea BANK DEEZ NUTZ LMAO
“: Davis yelled to the crowd. This is my state!!! #AnthonyDavisSaysShutUp” OH! Thats what he said.... Lol
My phones -- both cell and land line -- and my front door are blowing up with solicitors. Give me a break!
it says it is a calculator but it is your web mix
He had let me in at some point. Now I'm blocked -- like, I can't even ask in!
Beliebers Are Very Sexy, you know what else is sexy?,
So much about media queries that I did not know to consider. This was great! Thanks Zoe
Try new Bang Peanut butter caffeinated ice cream!! Choc/peanut butter ripples and cups. The may still have free samples.
Lol mau should get a ride with his momma
Wishing you all a prosperous new year!
finished The Hunger Games at 12:30 a.m.. SO worth it! Now I'm just waiting on the library to give me Catching Fire!
I don't need you, or your brand new Benz. Or your bouji friends.
GIANT ALIEN hamster about to grope some kids
Our governments priorities are backwards! Working man last, lazy ass people second, wealthy first! #change is right we still need it!
It kinda freaked me out when an aunt of mine texted me for the first time too.
On train car 2248. Suggesting a wonderful day.
Hey, love your show, big fan but can only listen when I'm in Boston :( can I get a RT?
thank you smelly
oh yes, i've been all over that
I swear I'm the only sane one in my family...
Living a life with a constant hope that you can make a difference while earning a living seems impossible sometimes.
found a ginger on the side of the road and took him home
follow me back nigga
how will you be able to sleep with THAT planned?
Come on Marquette let's win this thing!
YES!!! RT : #2013startstoday! move that KB like it's only a 1pood!
Do you suffer from coulrophobia?
"Hey guess what Madonna? I'm totally hotter than you".
haha true that. Cool marker skills too!!
As if we don't already have enough trouble conserving megafauna that already exists!
The two leads from Smash are at the NBC upfront singing. Too bad Smash is not a hit. It deserves to be one.
A-Ma-Zing!
Anyone at the crossings right now?
RT sez other foundations are getting into investing, maybe even put together a fund of funds for fndtns
I've already been booked for "The Odd Thomas", and "As Cool as I am"!!! Hoping to get booked for "The Avengers". too!
Well be in the studio recording a new never before heard song this week! Keep checkin back for more info on amazing things to come from us!
Nothin to do....havent been on twitter in 4ever!! im keep trying to get back on! Wussup
putting together a story right now. If I were heading out I'd be early!!!
you are welcome, sir. I hope you are super successful with this film. It is indeed beautiful music.
nvm john just brought a few bucks. Haha
Apparently, the Michael Caine incident did happen one of the nights I was working. Horrible!
Sometimes, two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.
yeah, but I think he meant the "music" actually.. not the word, right?
keep being a geek like the rest of us!!!! We love you:-)
Yay!“: Sounds good haven't been there yet : How about NEXT Wed nite at The Couch? ”
#Springbreak is approaching us soon & you know what that means! IN-STORE CONTEST! Whoever travels the farthest gets some #freegoodies!
logic is for people who lack imagination, malbec and copious amounts of ice
I try to tolerate your show, but your comments on the environment / global warming today are just too ignorant / selfish!!!
There it is.... great win for Manchester City... 1-0 over Manchester United. Well-deserved, and knots things up in the Premiere League.
My dog totally just got me out of a ticket.
Woop! Just scooped two 3-day passes to 2012! Ready for round 2 with
Hey guys! Havent been on in awhile. Will start following some people. Tweet me #FollowMeAmber if you want me to follow.
U just had 3 seperate conversations in the same breath!
got it. And then is there continuation thereafter for the remainder of OPT (ie March through to June 2013)?
We do not stop exercising because we grow old – we grow old because we stop exercising. – Dr. Kenneth Cooper
Pulled a 16 today I'm so tired, but not tired enough to stay off twitter,haha
Yay thx so much, ditto! :) RT : sendin out BR love...keep up the good work...glad 2 b on the team w/u..
It be bullshit on tv sometimes
I get nervous when I don't get nervous.of I'm nervous I know I'm going to have a good day.
These late nights and early morning aint good for me man :( need god rest before malia ;).
Missing my main squeeze
so baby i will wait for you.. :'(
follow back plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
CELEBRATING MY SAVIOR'S BIRTH!!!
Uncle Jay is cool...
what you mean "in time" lol I'm free anytime
Wish I could take the credit, but no Apologies is all Ms. Lucia's realm! Thanks for listening!
always promoting their swill water. No fun to follow. I dumped them!
May this Christmas be so special that you never ever feel lonely again and be surrounded by loved ones!
I think Chloe is the best and then I like Paige, Nia, Brooke, Mackenzie, and then Maddie.
anything for you!
Wave when you pass Philly!
Wow, sick ending!
I want a relationship where we talk like best friends, play like kids, argue like husband and wife, and protect each other like siblings
why not buy a SIM? Guess your phone is probably locked?
ALshon will be a stud...no worries
Yeah Specialty.. Oh Cool cool.. Im starting Paramedic on Jan 9th ;) medical fields the way to go. youd make a beautiful doctor
hi sweetie;)
You know this.. Lb for Lb, muscle burns more calories at rest than fat. the more muscle you have, the higher your resting met.rate. GO LIFT!
I have to stay off of Twitter until I watch
The more I think about last night, the less I remember.
ohh nah I thought it was because of the update before that who was it too 0_o
Just picked up FB like 250. Let's go for 500! http:// Facebook.com/AlbuKirky
RT A big "Thank you" for the #follow You can also follow my other feed #teamfollowback Thanks again!
Ppl who protect their tweets...don't really understand Twitter.
I WOULD GIVE ANYTHING JUST BE FOLLOWED BY AMAZING YOU IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD. SO WILL U FOLLOW ME IT BE A WISH COME TURE <33:)
did myself already thank u
My dog used to have them. Let me know if you want any advice.
Totally agree. And snow. And ice. And everything else. I'm from Wisconsin, you know ;-)
Understood, and I think it's a great play, glad I saw it, but there are other great plays.
I almost bust my ass
3 WEEKS AGO. :/ you?
She a flip give me head or tails
so glad you and arsenio made it and aubrey is gone, good luck to you both
Manu Ginobili hasn't gotten rolling, but has more points now than the entire Jazz bench. Also has more points than two of the Jazz starters.
look at u lmao
i would go to lau, but this salami isn't going to eat itself.
follow me? :)
Going to see Rock it in "Lonely, I'm Not" !
#oregonducks are unbeatable. Mark it.
You play with Mike AND Reggie!! Lucky you!! They're two of our favorite music loves (And Girish too... :-))
Stop by our booth tomorrow in the Expo Hall at the Indiana State Fair & register to win 2 free Midway wristband vouchers!
Awww glad you are enjoying the magazine.
i'm so fucking tired, goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Is it bad if the only fantasy player i have playing right now is a kicker yet i still sit here and watch stat tracker during games?
": Sometimes, a great pedicure can change your WHOLE outlook..." Totally. And I'm officially jealous :)
Always desire to learn something useful. Sophocles
Spent most of the day by myself in the barn with my horses(: idk what I would do without my 4 legged kids/brothers!
just bought a stud finder. I think it is broken. It keeps going off when I walk past it.
Just come home and get your beauty sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8> RT : The amount of douchey people I've had to talk to today is unreal.
Need to convert frustration at politicians into something positive. Like a robot.
Texans Like To Say “Does This Cowboy Hat Make Me Look Scary?”
I love more then I love myself
#Tip: Make flower arrangements last longer by changing the water daily and keeping them in a cool, shaded place. Got a tip? Share with us!
well everyone hates me to. But I'm just a good looking kid but I am upper class in my area though ha
Nothing is more exciting than a game 7 of the world series...a winner-take-all battle! yeah! for a game SEVEN, 7 yeah!!!
Strange bed fellows MT NC amendment to block same-sex marriage was passed by coalition of conservatives and black voters
Does anyone have a Google Voice invite they could send me?
Once again, I must point out I had nothing to do with these deaths. Except for Malcolm MacLaren
I just want to give a huge thanks to I had such a wonderful coffee talk with her. What she had to say really touched my heart
Grade-in starts at noon. Help make #adjunct labor visible! James Gallery 365 Fifth Ave
You saw a pussy? Time to change that! lol
Meet David Walker from Firestone Walker and Join us on limited lease of 2012 Parabola. Today 3 to 5 PM.
NEW! THE BAB BIZ DIRECTORY GET YOUR BUSINESS LISTED FOR FREE ON BIGAPPLEBRITS AND REACH 1000S OF BRITISH EXPATS HTTP://WWW.BIGAPPLEBRITS.COM
hahaha yeah ;) and don't worry I'm still waiting for the companion book- "the female brain"
Had a good time at prom last night.
So glad I caught text autocorrect, if not..when I got home the dachshund duo would've needed to be buried Almost told daughter 2 kill dogs
come see what House of Hands has done. ZODIAC: Capricorn Edition is tonite @ Havana! 9pm! Damn crazy decorations. Capricorns in for FREE!
HALF-TRACK?! Best individual challenge yet.
Kobe is pulling a LeBron
If its not real, then I don't want anything.
I tried to get comment from Heidi Montag on something once, but her people didn't get back to me as promised. I was crushed
Reading: Waiting for a Train (McCommons), various on floorcloths; listening: CBC radio 3; watching: Ice Castles (thx Rerun!)
That moment when you get home and realize you've been wearing 2 completely different school socks.Different shade,length,pattern! WoW
I think you're gonna need a lot more than that....
“ Don't go broke trying to look rich, Act your wage.”
nice! Enjoy :)
it was quite funny really. hahaha(:
I had a smoking dream last night and I woke up with a tight chest! Maybe I am sleep smoking....
Keep luck on your side this Ides of March... Grab a Lucky Latte!
Great time to create...
Lolol only tourists!
Taking a look at the past year and dreaming about the future. I guess I am trying to get back into life after a long year.
without demonstrating impact is civic hacking just civic slacktivism? feels good; looks good; no practical effect
between your failure tweets and your rough morning tweets, I know some of us are starting to get a little concerned.
Milk spill vs. Oil spill. Nice!
Thanks for the shout out!
Pretty much ": Found my costume lol imma look slutty but o well that's the point of halloween right?"
didn't speak
Al Michaels doesn't know the difference between an adjective and an adverb, apparently.
RT : The Hawk survived Vegas! Hanging by a thread! Come recover tonight at Jazzbah ABQ
The last time I remember crying while watching CNN was on 9/11... then my heart was broken... tonight it is touched. God bless America.
You added my as friend on youtube:) and writed me thanks 2 years ago! Can you please follow me?<U+2665> Love you Christian! 2
yes i cried of happiness
One of my fave nights of TV! White House Correspondents Dinner. I've been watching it for decades. :)
down syndrome pictures
For 2 weeks, I've been tracking my calorie intake with the for iPhone. And, I'm losing about 2 pounds a week!
swear, Im wearing a bag over my head after that loss
Yupp I'm gonna die tonight .
Congratulations. I look forward to reading it.
Photos show more work at N.Korea nuclear test site
cautiously excited for change, but I fear for public library funding's future as a dire realist
#Verlander hitless through four; two hits and two walks allowed in 12 innings this season.
Lobster Rolls, Magnolia Cupcakes and Food Trucks.
B squared is the Matt Millen of this media draft
Thank you.
I'm gonna marry this hotel.
- TY doll! I love that yellow dress! It's the perfect shade of sunny! Xox
My teacher is storytelling now. Oh Mann. I'm 14. Not 7 years old.
Life is sweet! So far, 2010 rocks! 3 pilots and more good stuff to come :-)
I appreciate Will Ferrell's irreverent #Oscar interruptions. They're always welcome! Loving the cymbals! Zach Galifianakis: genius.
have fun with the new chick ... cuz i know i will
going to pick up my little hubby from his senior banquet!
Don't hate North Carolina for Amendment One. Love them. Hate got us into this mess. Love is the better path always.
Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce,Child Support (727) 474 9988 \Clearwater Call NOW
Continental Resources Reports 66 Percent Increase in Daily Production in the First Quarter of 2012 Compared with the ...
Wow you were wrong on this prediction Rome.
hell yea they suck ya dick like a fuckin slurpie they get down
Isn't it?! Almost worth coming to Detroit for the airport alone.
I'll be hosting that torrent file for the foreseeable future & hope you'll help seed it along with me as you tell your torrent using peers.
I liked that, thanks!
Heading to the gym. #workout ;)
Suburban life: Drinking beer and cleaning up dog shit in the back yard, what a way to live I tell you!
I did I just asked him I need your approval
Kaner gets called for roughing but Smith you go ahead and crosscheck Sharp
hm...beautiful day for a park date.
Keller makes it 4-3 OKC with less than a minute left.
Give Mom the gift of good health this #MothersDay- bring her down to FITzee to shop, stock up, and bond!
you agree? RT : simply put, thomas keller is to the food world what steve jobs was to the tech world.
You too! Thx for The Singles; thrilled for the next album.
He who is not a good servant will not be a good master. Plato
I said I was gonna cook...but I ready don't feel like it lol.
Buy tickets for our next headliner in Dec 9th in Indianapolis, IN for just $5 before they run out!
My daughter: Mom, can I please go to a Austin Mahone concert? Me: Go ask your dad.. Your daughter: Dad, can I come to your concert?
In the 4:15 hit I thought I heard you say Oswalt was a lefty. He's righty, but more importantly is he worth what $ he'd be asking?
Enjoy!! I had all kinds of plans to meet up w/ folks, but instead I walked arnd in a daze, wide-eyed & cmpletly overwhelmed!
Game sevens. Awesome.
Retweet Your #1 asian fan right here! (:
I need to thank you more often for all of the #FF type pimping you do :) Thanks!
I'd rather have my ass burned!!!!
Increased vigilance advised to 4x4 owners Sureterm Direct warns 4x4 owners that car theft is on the rise with 9,000 vehicles across the U
Thank you!! RT : Thank you so much for the follow! Hope you had a great CrossFit Session today!
Looks like was right! Pacers will take game 3 & hopefully it will be eye opening for Wade.
it's quiero...
Consumers are statistics. Customers are people. Stanley Marcus
Sad that the miners can't even get any action now. Chile has strict laws about having sex with minors.
what do you think of DJ-ing an event at the San Clemente Aquatics Center?
36 Roberts South Coast Bermuda Rig Cutter
Not just cleavers, I like oyster knives as well.
Justin Bieber<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
omg I'm so sorry Dylan <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> I'll be praying <U+2764> hope everything will be ok ! Keep on touch with us(:
When my pussy game so cold that he always seem to come back. Cause he know that it be a wrap when I'm ridin it from the back.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
A celebrity reality program always makes for a nice game of "Guess Who...these people are and why they are apparently famous."
and I converge upon the YRL after biking to campus #firealarm celebrates this achievement.
Happy newyears :) hope to see you soon
:D dm me your mailing addy :)
hey how you doing?
thank you! :)
what it do fam?
Living my life vicariously through my friends at #sxswi and their #sxtxstate coverage. Y'all are doing awesome!
#TweetDingman Funding: #hireworx self funded / bootstrapped
Please note that the venue for 7/10 is indeed the Bank of America Skating Center and NOT the RICC as the ordering page indicates. THANKS!
Wake up everyday stronger than yesterday, face your fears and wipe your tears(: TYGA<3
I'm just back in Houston working for the family biz. Figuring it all out.
PS I'm losing everything I felt once upon a time
You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel.
Hope everyone had a great time at #GradBash! Tweet us your pictures and video so we can put them in the Senior slideshow!
She was so non-chalant about it like "I want to kill my mommy and daddy, at night..." what?!
For 20+ years I've been photographing 24 miles of Los Angeles' Sunset Blvd From original center of LA to Pacific Ocean This year W Holly ...
Who watched the Oscars last night? Did your favorite movies win big?
What are you doing in the shrubs? Lying in wait to catch people on your lawn?
that annoy feeling when you lik someone and you want them to know but you dont wanna tell them
Free hug <U+2665> Haha
Broncos flying to meet Peyton at Duke University!!!!!!!
thanks I appreciate it
lets see if we can grind this out.
Hopes and dreams.
"The Author is smarter than the Allegory. The Metaphor is smarter than the Author." - Wolfgang Emmerich (orig. German)
Finally home. Definitely going to need some Dunkin's to get through work today.
Asteroids Gunner Takes Classic Game to the Next, Mobile Level
congrats! Good job showing up to class btw!
First day back to the gym today. I think Im gonna need to ease into this...
To succeed, one must be creative and persistent
it's an inside joke thing with me and her....so yeah....don't judge me woman! I never use those words
Perhaps I meant the "p" word-plagiarize-as in all quoted and no original thoughts...but at least it would be cited.
(yeah, it's really no contest)
I grew up loving that song
Happy New Year to all our friends and followers. Thanks for making the last 12 months so amazing & we hope your new year is bright!!
Accepting changes to first 13k words, edits by an old journalism friend, mostly misuse of commas, dashes, etc. #androidjesus thanks stacey!
For sure! Let's invite our same peeps from last year's adventure too. That was fun.
Thanks for the encapsulization of the #GSU decision!
I'm sad.
Elevated Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with Mc Dru & dj Aaron playing your favorite top 40 & Hip Hop Music!!
The Vinny one
LIfe is what make it and right now its time make it happen
Going to play golf at 5:30 rain better hold off please
#GoTribe the Johnny Damon deal is official!!! Welcome to Cleveland Mr. Damon! :)
Marshall-ism of the Day: When focusing on new plans of action, always commit to them in a postive, rather than negative way.
Is that what you're printing tracts on now? RT : Today I caught a mouse at work with my bare hands.
We would like to thank the North Texas Derby Revolution for a great time last night. Congratulations to the league an a great turn out!
LOL and I were just talking about industry vets working with aspiring game devs in #ggj11 VERY awesome event!
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithHoes The Hoes! The Smurfs? Get it? Get it?
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention OMG, I'm so ugly.
R.I.P Whitney Houston.. One of the best that ever done it.
I keep thinking at least one of the Indian domestic airlines will make me feel safe/secure about flying here.
Warmest congratulations to you both! What a wonderful Christmas present!
Hahaha I love it, track is almost as hot as Troll! You guys need to do a show in Chicago =)
- LOL! Myrna from Smyrna. Has a nice ring to it!
release Lindsay Wisdom-Hylton....
haha yeah... Cause they turn around & look at you like your stupid & it's like wtf? :/ lol so what's up?
“We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.” - Albert Einstein
what the fk are you doing skeezzaa!
p.s when do the doors open?
Every day I'm: shuffle'n, hustle'n, muscle'n, kerfuffle'n
We give away FREE Concert, Festival, Movie and Special Event Tickets. Submit your show, maybe it will be featured!
I am grateful that many of my "friends" haven't joined twitter yet
Got all dressed and quote "unquote" to play taxi, looks like I'll be watching #Avengers by myself tonight. Whatever, not gonna complain
I cant stop thinking about that!
Very cool quiz. I'm a wildebeest! Can't wait to read the book :)
Totally sucks.
how u doing sweetness?
I can't even. Her voice is stronger than the world! hah
Wait, NBC is creating a pilot called #HappyValley? But what will Penn Staters hashtag on beautiful days at the Cafe?
S/o heavy n da streets big homie!
They are at 603 N. Lamar. Have fun!
Green Power Energy supports Holy Name Health Care Foundation by contributing to the Holy Name Classic Golf Tournament taking place today.
I should remember that unless I order food I should just never answer the door up here. It's never anyone I want to talk to.
And the Hulk Hogan, the Lebron, the Charlie Sheen, The B. Brian Blair, the Chris Brown. Fuck them and make them HUMBLE!
Wow RT NSFD on scene with a collapsed garage and multiple power lines down in 5400 block of N Santa Monica in Whitefish Bay.
BTW Paddy's Eve is still open at the moment if we have any takers.
": huh"you didn't respond
no Im not still on The train im still tired from the train fool!!!
Will there be a new season? The show can't end like that
Dont blame the guys with the whistles. #Sixers played great defense.
Reading through the test and thinking, "when the fuck did we learn this?"
I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time. ~Steven Wright
It's a surprisingly interesting museum! Have fun!
I started the trial, and I like it so far, but I'm wondering if there's a better product, which doesn't cost so much.
damn Bulls smh
Thx for the <3 from our friends in RI! RT : Our #WineOfTheWeek is a delicious concoction from
Hey is your guys show free to the public in Indy?
I got SO excited when I saw you in a POP magazine today...& I totally freaked out in the middle of the store!!!:)
Going to make a porter and an ale this weekend. Got a stash of Amarillo hops. Worth their weight in gold.
Thanks, Kati! Hope you'll pass the word along. Have a great day. They're threatening us with snow tonight. Ugh!
#ImAStanBecause Eminem gave us to Shady 2.0, that's a fantastic way to show love.
At 9 in the morning!!
I'm up. Not fully functioning, but up
and that's why the Green Bay Packers are the best organization out there!
M. Good question RT: Museum fans!: what is one new thing you learned from a museum via social media? Reply w/
COME OVER!
Just drove for the first time and came back in one piece
Class is boring today.. Perhaps because I need more coffee
They say hard work never hurts anybody, but why take the chance
Miami Heat vs. Phoenix Suns
time to live life now patty cakes
wtf r u talking about?
Dont forget to get your tickets for tomorrows game
Found See You at the Top by Zig Ziglar to be helpful-there's always another way, and I'm in charge of it
The new Wu tang album is the shit
Why was Boston allowed to profit by fouling before the ball was thrown? The refs move the inbounder to the sideline? No free throws...ouch
Why haven't the #Kings put Bill Laimbeer in yet? Go #Cavs!
tryna step into the 21st century
great success! ^_^
lol they are playing the cubs
RT : Thanks for the mention! RT : Create a Culture that Promotes Customer Satisfaction
Just saw the new Civil War Journey and the River Crossing Play Area. Fantastic.
Sleep over today! (:
Hey Felima! U fly out today right?
nothing wrong with those teeth dude..that's the Strahan gap. Although, you better gets some work done before the NFL takes it all.
Thanks Sureena! We took cover and are all safe here. It was pretty scary though! Thanks for thinking of us.
Teal comes home until Sunday. No more single dog mom this month.
>>I feel it takin bout shawtty!!
I need to see this video of wade snapping on Spolstra cause he's a seemingly mild mannered guy.
thanks for the #ff s/o! Happy holidays!
How can I get a hold of final images for and I. Gosh your website looks #AMAZING!
I've never had a problem with my Buddy50 in the city, but I've only gone as south as Dorchester and as north as Medford.
watching some unknown ben stiller movie, usually decent? zoolander 2 in 2013?
Good to know the Bel Air Burger King is open 7-4 on Easter!
just followed '
#leadfromwithin How do I join??
yea well let me know whats good...she needa be able to hear you get yo ass kicked..lol
Sore throat, please go away before christmas.
Me too
: Fun!!! have a great time and tell our SF spacers hello!
tks for heads up. I will. I thought the #Colts were going to pull it off
Awee did u fall n get that carpet burn? Uh know I was dry humping on the carpet
modifying posts off...
Avs in Phoenix tonight.. Will we win?
---> word. RT : GM everybody.... Back to work.,, my wknd was slick fun!!!
anyone know where the quake was centered? i'm in sun valley at the moment.
I love you too<333
Only this hooker would love a girl that he won't ever get again. GET OVER IT! SHE HAS A BOYFRIEND! -.- You're moving away from her anyway.
ok. i changed my password. im sorry for all the trouble the hacker has caused. please ignore those messages that were being sent (wasnt me)
wow nobody calls me maybe
Lord my emotions.
Someone in this office is listening to Faith No More right now and it's awesome.
i know rite! its borin up here at da skool
Good morning! The Favre forecast for Friday, July 24: Mostly cloudy with a chance of legacy destruction.
Just saw #the avengers it's was freakin awesome!
"hijack cultural heritage" - please explain
90 min till the #Hoedown kicks off! Any song requests? Setting the playlist up
Hot as shit outside , slept with my window all the way open & was still hot !
Sitting, in the court, with a stack of dead trees, waiting to file for my client, with da homie Carrie, wondering about black pebble shoes a
Don't forget to follow my work account: for tweets about #indigenous #archiving, #language #revitilization etc.
Need to remember not to get in front of the fox news tv at gym. I will end up breaking it with my water bottle.
screw them theyre playing golf ;)
Booked the International Beauty Show for Monday & Tuesday #Yes! :D
Four days till i get to see and at the Loft
Wait. Who's in the city tho?
atelphobia; fear of not being good enough.
well close your eyes and your phone lol jk
Wait a minute... is the LIVE news LIVE tonight? Awesome! (You're doing a great job, BTW.)
2 fatal motorcycle crashes in my reports today. Dear God, please be careful on the roads. I'm just sickened.
lol cool. What are you watching? And chilling with a friend.
follow me ? alli ? please :) please :) i love you :) :D please :)
I should clarify; I'm rooting for Portland tonight. That orange I'm seeing makes me want to barf!!!
if u aint genie u rubd it wrong
This Monday? Sure! Do you know what time you plan on arriving? Our curator would like to give you a behind-the-scenes tour.
maybe true but it's a common error to assume yahoo is a spent force. At very least there are lessons to be learned here
in about 2 hours from now..
so who do you think is gonna win the NBA Championship?
Who's funnier? Mel Brooks or Woody Allen? That is the question and the classic Sneak Previews episode featured on this week's show!
“: #ThatOnePersonWho you always think about”
following random ppl! lol i dnt mind following ur friends
Ordering "hellhound on my ale" in honor of Robert Johnson.
Congrats, Michael.
the first time I ever went I did. Lol
I'm tired of this play calling. Really
Jamming to - Settle for my Love. I love that song. I actually sing not hum it lol. That's how you know it's my song!
How far away are the Falcons from being a Super Bowl Contender? Did they have a Good Draft?
Hi mate! watch on my website littleliars(dot)org,all the Pretty Little Liars episodes online,100% free
:) RT : #wearing red, white, pale pink striped #JasonWuForTarget t-shirt dress, navy patent fringe flats
when you get what you want...what will you have?
Starting Tuesday I will officially be a high school teacher.... So freaking excited!!!!
Don't it always seem to go that you don't know what you've got, till it's gone?
Two more rounds!! Come on! Less holding more hitting
lmfao I blocked him!
Follow back :)
I love it.. Its so pwetty <3
>>> Super Bowl
Hoping for some good luck on this math test
Just because someone is crazy doesn’t mean they're crazy enough to show everyone they’re crazy.
It certainly is NOT a DO residency. It's an MD surgery residency. Not my residency.
Oscars and NBA All star game = no twitter for me tonight way too much schlock
?tn to Morton: What are you doing? A: A homeopathic dose of fear. Way of defeating cynicism, the default position of modernism.
2 flippin' days!! I hope I can make it through it!
Nope! xD I', renting it and watching it with friends at a sleepover soon.^^
It is only by following your deepest instinct that you can lead a rich life.
Thanks for reminding me..cuz I wasn't thinking that #itcouldbeworse. I'm grateful too
It was an accident, in fact. But I was amused as if it was on purpose.
thanks, sorry for contributing to the deluge I'm sure you're fielding but you know....a man gets worried.
how about ticks? Those things suck.
Going to sleep early. Why? Because fuck you thats why
Another Legend gone (Donna Summer) R.I.P!!!! ;..) She will be Missed!!!!
Trying not to think about the #indiegogo campaign, and yet I want nothing more than to stare at the screen and see the numbers move! Agggh!
Love the life you live, what's keeping you from being happy? Usually it's just you...
It's tough coming up with my skill list. All I've got is singing, fluent Spanish, and a few dialects. Need to learn more!
Thanks, me too. Seems to happen randomly when this golden light shines down on me, weird.
Paramount's iPad app is a work of art! Love it
our advice is eat #magiccookies and drink #loseitshakes--then take that mirror ball home!!
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad when they look in the mirror, and realize they're not black.
Have a great Monday!
thank you for our friendship and support brother. We need to keep our region moving forward with innovation.
Don't leave twitter!!<3
lol its amazing!!
Missingmy girl this morning
we good dude. You good Peeps
Oh, and apologies for the horrific scribbles that constitute my diagrams for this module.
it is exactly the same as when I left.
-I like the sound of that!
lol ... Aww, love that. He's out there for sure!
Staying the night in Omaha. Then off to Denver tomorrow.
So...who's this Josh Hamilton guy everyone is raving about these days? Is he any good?
yes indeed. Lol
So excited for you about the book. Congratulations!
Wow. Thank you & love you back. Support YW staff & program participants! Staff should get their paychecks & participants- afte ...
In #LA to see lolo and kelbel--- one flight away from touching down in #vegas!! Can't wait! #girlsweekend!
#ThingsILookFor being upfront, you need the help ask me for it.
actually waitlisted at 150 so you still may not be too late.
Change is the essence of life. Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become.
(bryan) Working at Victrola on Pike this AM before meetup w/ and then lunch with &
I can see this is going to be a VERY good day
wish I could go! #indianapolis #tech is king!
Take all that's true but don't lower urself to anybodys "standards"
Kicking it with the first lady of
I noticed something different on my twitter smh u could atleast of returned the favor.
follow back please. 5
#somethingteensdo eat, sleep, be lazy, watch t.v. & eat somemore!
jason! did you know that when mathmactions try to figure out math it usually end up around 3.14?
in SF this week? Work or fun?
I want to come meet you!
that sorta thinking is dangerous without some depressants in your system to prepare!
I was saved from a cockroach tonight.
I am making some good TV contact at NATPE at Las Vegas for my weekly TV show "Strykerz". www.shindokumate.com
:-) awesome job (again!) need to follow your lead but we have to get wireless in place yet!
The is no word for the exhaustion that I feel today.
Thanks! You too!
Don't feel bad! As long as you are keeping it in the Treehouses, you're AOK! Ohm Shanti monkey
I've been eating melons for decades. I'm not going to stop now, just because they're covered with a deadly bacteria!
Cool. Sent you an e-mail about it.
new year means new opportunities so it's time to get out there and get to it!! =)
Sorry can't be there!
I didn't know that being wrong could feel so right. RT : that's right. Eat that biscuit. And like it!
lol i like this
Thanks for the #FF! And congrats on the book deal! Let me know how I can help with promotion...
How would you guarantee privacy?
All the status updates from folks in #Denver have stopped suddenly. Is there something else going on? ;-)
quit spamming my account with bogus DM's. If its not you..you've been hacked...change your password.
“: yea bro” missin both reminds me of u
East Brunswick gas station worker held up at knifepoint
Just got my first book out of the library. Also-- I feel so late to the party.
In the words of #Mets broadcaster & HOF player Ralph Kiner, "#HappyMothersDay to all you mothers out there!"
Merry Christmas from Little Weapons <U+2665> Enjoy the holiday weekend with family and friends!
Mention during the convention! We'll be RTing and live tweeting at the convention and throughout Boston!
u gotta b dumb to ask that on the 16 she's goin out to eat on the 17th were goin to Ohio 4 the weekend
I c u
“: When you fall for someones personality, everything about them becomes beautiful.”
*Just in Case* you need an attorney, you can always call on Top Tier Legal Group to be your only source for trusted & experienced lawyers.
absolutely killed it tonight on #thevoice! Buying his performance of "Against All Odds" right now.
The cost of opening your own restaurant depends on the type of restaurant that you desire to open.
Whitney's Joy to the World is blasting this morning!
HAHAAHAHA i would have had a heat stroke. I'm not a runner. I think we botyh know that
is trying to figure out how to upload a photo on Twitter without having her head chopped off. Bare with me folks...
Getting ready for more fun food photos downtown!
Omg when the boys came back i almost died(; and then Nick<33333
I am a magician who can juggle and unicycle. Should I embrace it for my next magic gig?
Passion is weakness.
Hi people... I'm Chloe ... Dekodas twin :) hahaha sup
Headed to La Serana today....
damn dude, over 7300 tweets. You need to get a verified account soon. big timer
"Act as if it were impossible to fail." -D Brande. Start 2012 by making each day count
Remember to google MEAP (Mobile Enterprise Application Platform) solutions.
Great Obama pic!
when my brother randomly starts singing Yours Truly >
When are we working out together?:)
Just loaded up all my files to my new laptop... about to really get some work in!!
when guys offer to smoke me out & I have to say no<<<<<<
#DODGEBALL IM THROWING T>T>
5 in a row on 's the 5 spot by #TheBeastieBoys. RIP Adam Yauch.
Great catching up!
I'm in such bad mood today, im outta here.
Today is the day to get the last little things finished up! Going to check out Christmas lights tonight & just enjoy! Merry Christmas y'all
“: Congrats brother. Beautiful RT : The world has welcomed the...aww he looks Chinese! Kinda like I did =}
Ah another day.
Short bus -__-
welcome to twitter !
Parshat Tazria-Metzora: Weekly Torah Portion Summary, Questions, Resources - Huffington Post (blog)
Need 2 get home. Make this spaghetti, blow this blunt then pass out. Early and busy day tomorrow.
For the first time in the history of full time traveling; I forgot my bag at home yesterday! #UnfortunateSeriesOfEvents. ~AZ
i've lived in england and I absolutely LOVE the weather! :) Germany is so hot in summer, I even feel like slowly dying :')
At the "how I met your mother" bar
yes I am letting people know slowly as they discover the secret social media superhero behind the daily #SportsBowlRockNRoll image
Smoking weed is too expensive...not worth it
i love you so much, so how about you show the love back by following me ? :D <3
Either tweet directly or you can answer on the Facebook page or even the website, whatever works for you lol
It's really hard to think of fresh creative concept ideas for songs when you have "LA BAMBA" stuck in your head WTF.
Thanks for your help with getting in tonight. Your friends are awesome and it was a fun night. Also, great job singing.
Wedding for wife's work friend, Jake at in laws swimming, eating brats, running througj the yard. Can I be 2 and a half again please!
it WAS on Howard st...
At any given time, you don<U+FFFD>t know where your potential customers are or what they might see
my follow button broke... man damn!
I have many fans around the world. But fans that live in NYC. I heard some auditions for you. Call 888-999-5707 first 200 callers1!!! -SelG
Sort of freaking out about all the roles Lena Headey has played; 300, Terminator and Cersei Lannister! I had no idea!
Obviously my parents didn't love me as a child. #yankees!!!!
Why Did Nicki Delete Her Twitter ?
#Grammy Foundation - music education charity supported by countless artists incl. #Glee's
Sancho & Lou aren't as cute when they turn into snarling/growling chihuahuas.
lol I'm working on it, but claiming it now!!
thanks for all your answers!
oh ok lol
I'm so fucking hungry
Elizabeth's had the typical breakfast thing going.
I still think her best performance was the animal psychic in "Dinner for Schmucks"
Lmao.. You gone be playing next year?
you and me both
I dont tweet nearly as much as I use too
Q4. I clean on an as needed basis only!
Winter 2011-2012, day 23. The snow has started here. Another 1/2" and we will break the season record.
2nd half starting
McGee is 46% FT shooter?! You're a pro, my man. Pisses me off when my D3 players miss a FREE throw. As says "C'mon man!"
Facebook IPO: The Numbers Behind the World's Most Valuable Social Network [INFOGRAPHIC] on.mash.to/ydWiiv via
YES! YES! YES! YES! YES! YES! YES! YES! YES! YES! YES! YES!
other options like pointing out company's with less demanding hr requirements. For example food network is asking for a 20hr wk
if ur confused in algebra 1, wait for geometry... It will get worse, except algebra 2
everytime i watch the passion of the Christ, i get something new out of it!
“: I see FL won't let u go” AAHhhhhhh! :/ everything happens for a reason. Do you miss FL and the curvy miami Latinas
lol “: Im not Fat, Im fluffy. Nah, who am I kiddin, Im fat.”
You actually claiming that shit!
The cast of Glee has had more songs in the charts than the Beatles. Just to be clear THAT DOES NOT MEAN THEY ARE BETTER. THEY ARE NOT
Thanks Prince!
What I need now? Just a hug, I prefer hugs frm , haha :) <21
what?? craziness!
Understand how b-to-b social media connects to your audience
thank you for the studio city outpost. After scarfing down two burgers I believe I am now
Netflix? Is that something my VCR can do?
thanks to who ever sent that!!! <3
I just got an iPhone & I want everyone on Twitter to know I'm superior to them.
Free shots of any top shelf liquor too, oh no. This can't be good. Patron, bulliet here I come.
Are you coming to Dessert Soiree/Book Signing tomorrow night?Head over to our FB for a chance to win a copy of Karen's new book!
all bs aside,btwn Duerson&Seau,there is a crisis in that NFL.Can you focus on keeping these players whole after&during career?
How to get ladies at the softball field.. Bring a puppy.
Happy holiday ppl... Have fun and be safe
Top 'o the Mornin! Cure your St. Patty's Day hangover with a free shot of espresso added to any drink!
he's singing too me ;)
Looking forward to working with 's Dionne Custer-Edwards and for a graphic memoir short story workshop.
haha soon you will have moon and phillip...then chachi :D
And that was the first time I've ever turned over my Twitter to someone else.
There are still spots available for New Years Make Up!! Call 305.669.9220 to make your appointment. Happy 2012
"Why did that interest me?" says Rogers....A lot of my poems begin with a question, says Rogers
Reading the post, I kept imagining them dipping the baby into their fresh, homemade batter and frying it
Its scary how many girls have sideburns
Came up on a camera. And a ring.
If you are gonna get in the drive thru line, get in bitch!!!!!!
My teeth hurt and my braces are all red. 1 month left!!!
Symphony Massager Purple
I ment it was about her stalking jbieber XD
a citrus vinaigrette would go well with chicken and spinach
Brought a book to study at work. That's how wired I feel.
It's a beautiful day here in Indiana: 60 degrees. The sun is shining, the snow is melting. Did spring come early this year?
The Bucks face the Detroit Pistons at the Bradley Center tonight at 8 p.m. ET. Go, Bucks!
Welcome all new followers, great to tweet you!
I live on top of a room... down needle way.. where van windows turn to sharp drops.... before the break of glass dawn.
RT : I shouldn't be this drunk on a Tuesday..no Crescendo for me, home sweet home<lol
More cycling this evening. Come on out and enjoy the weather at PIR.
SO looking forward to that! Thanks!
Another diary entry on 8/30/1993: "I want to see Calendar Girl. Jason Priestly's in it. I hope it's going to rain."
Wreaking havoc with crimson paint
The drawing for the California Mega Lotto is $540 million tonight! What good deeds would you do with your money if you won?
So proud of ! Her new song "Want U Back" is a SMASH! :]
I'm totally twitterjacking your Cabin recommendation to - looks awesome!
My man! <3
Most of them are evil, but "Generalissimo" is an awesome title.
You know that's not true....I'm tweeting.
Exploring Twitter fan wiki.
Favorite queer character would be Frodo Baggins. Couldn't be with Sam, so he left with the elves for faerie.
GUYS you should just live together
that doesn't sound like fun
Two more new followers! and Thanks for the follow!
Hour and a half left on this 12 hour shift, and that much close to getting my one day off a month.
yes it's like 80 degrees tomorrow !
vote for michele bachmann for president she will get american back on there feet and get the jobs back
#middleschoolmemories When I had a fight on the 2nd day of school. What a shame. I ain't proud of that but I had to auto tone somebody ass.
Thank you Michele for the RT!
Try dipping your chicken minis in honey for a great sweet and salty taste.
thanks so much for your retweets and appreciation. This parenting thing isn't for the faint of heart, nor for the humorless!
Attending : Networking event
Much appreciate the tweet!
Why do announces insist on referring to teams as blue-collar? They're pro athletes, not miners...
omg you are too cute
or change your username
YEY FUR US AWESOME PEOPLE!! :P
yeah, a bit over the top (but we'll take what we can get, eh!)
bahaha omg what a crazy little blue Wii I have...
Just relaxing!
Hangin in Colorado with the cast of Boeing Boeing. I'm playin Gloria, the American Air-Hostess. Hot!
Subway!!:D
I often wonder which supernova created the atoms in my body.
I can confirm it's snowing enough to accumulate on my dog.
yup why
Appreciate the RT! Thanks for sharing to your followers.
google "do a barrel roll" god google. now you get a googlesnack.
After this morning's MLK Day of Service in #sdc7, then helped at St. Vincent de Paul. Enjoyed getting back to help again.
“: #highedsoc do students "use" email anymore? If so, how and why?” --> Great question!
It just means the terrorists win
I need iPhone help. I know you know your shit...
My fourth grader is now a sophomore and our days of studying tog are long gone. I commiserate with your wife!
Everybody should follow She's only 3 followers away from 1,000 and she's desperate xD
When you got a big ass yo hips switch by theirselves
the hosts should have been writing that on the sheets... Def won't be earlier than 6. Prob meet in lobby.
I love Colorado, too! Originally from Midwest, but the Rocky Mountain West is the best!
and some of them are even funny!
The following pleasure is all mine! I've got so much respect for you as a person and artist!
Thank you everyone!
Song Writers / lets team up and write songs together for my mixtape . MENTION me !
Omfg this pimple came outta nowhere
So amazing!! Congrats to you and hope season 2 starts soon! RT : How amazing was that???
breauhare is happy his Southern Nights font appears on the new Olivia Newton-John CD Grace & Gratitude Renewed--used for the word "Renewed"!
I hate Katy Perry and every time I hear one of her songs I literally cringe.
uhh does this mean we are going to need a venting session tomorrow?
thanks for shout out re miss Jenna she's a love bunny.
omfg get out of my room. I have an 8am final that I have barely studied for and you and your boy toy are watching a video on frats. Get. Out
Big grudge match tomorrow #UConn! Lets take care of Bearcats and the to the sweet 16!
Thank you for your immediate follow-up! That was very impressive! Many blessings to you!
Thanks for the follow! What's going on in the #tech world?
- Amen. Now the land of 'Bilk and No Money'.
Spent half the day unsubscribing from email newsletters, daily deals, social media alerts, etc. Hopefully now I can stop drowning in emails.
i absofuckinluty love the brandon meriweather pickup for the #bears. its been a gaping hole for years ever since mike brown left.
RT : I follow over 39,500 people. Needless to say, my Twitter stream is very interesting to read now...
yess u do
..hey what's up
Stapler in block of lime Jello. Simple! Classic!
Yes; luv song! ": Love her in The Preachers Wife singing #H song "Who would have imagined a king" #favoritewhitneysong"
Erica && amy ugly ass annoyin bad!
are you the "matt the miller"?
thanks! i hope i don't faint. the weather is almost giving me cause to show up in shorts.
My best friend Sam comes over every morning and I always wish I was wearing what she is wearing cuz I don't wanna get dressed
Yes! Anyway, thank you, that was a great way to end the night :)
down there;)
IVY: "Mapping Our Anzacs" is a site created to archive the records of Australian World War I soldiers.
I remember the photo of Mussolini's shot, beaten hanged upside-down body. As a teen, it taught me what happened to bad men.
: Yes! #ODBC is #Middleware that everybody uses for which #DBMS vendors convinced the "old world" not to pay for.
Merry Christmas to all my family, friends, and followers. Hope all have a great Christmas and a wonderful 2012!
Blegh what a nightmare.
Yes exactly! & If it is true, we WILL get passes, & we WILL meet them. I promise :)
looking fwd to more of your tweets!
does have a nice coat of grease on it, though, so the rust should be minimal once I get that off.
Oh yes, as heard here first! Very nice.
Going to see if He can go the whole day without me...i think He can. Maybe the Dance is over. :-(
I got to get her something else, not too flashy, but not too dull
thanks for the follow, love. :)
Wearing my shoes that and signed. I feel cool haha :)
Gunna go to sleep inna few, just gunna listen to for a little bit because they always make me feel better <3 welp, Sweetdreams.
Thank you for following
they have to save something for iPhone 6, don't they?
Don't forget to being a donation for the if you are going to our concert tonight at !
really bruh ? U know what u right I can't play like u dnt exist cuz u r a constant reminder of a mistake I made. Troof
DTLA tonight! ICON!
just gotta throw one more out there: Careless Whisper .
he probably just wants you to play LOTR Risk with him
Wishing I was at Schroeder this morning watching some fast swimming. Best of luck to all of the state participants!
you welcome
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Everything gone but got a new computer out of the deal
hey stinky butt!
I wanna get drunk w/ info power. Seeking Catalouging Mentor to knowledge exchange
I'll love to the moon and back.. I'll love you all the time.. Deeper thans the ocean.. Higher than the pines.. <3
Just saw a girl take a self pic of her duck face at the pool. I will drown her later. Stop the madness.
Saw a license plate that said "SWMPSCT." I can't think of any non-frightening interpretations of that.
havent been on in a couple of days..
Juss came from outside it was decent <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Move back for the night!
Do IBM Execs actually use Social tools because it helps them do their job or do they just present them like they do?
Gallivanting around the #ROC, exploring castles and cemeteries w/ family & friends. Proud of my city.
since i guess im fat. i just wont eat.
I could not figure out how to respond with dm. We are about to complete filling the 6th grade job. Email me resume for future
:o i'm hungry. sorta
So proud of my mock trial kids. They're ready to pw3n the competition tomorrow!
people really can go low :(
SEASON for the BEACH...
i can't stop listening to WTK's new album #SunshineStateOfMind (:
September is Pediatric Cancer Awareness month. Go to ONNtv.com to find out how you can help in the fight.
Not a popular opinion but I agree w/Andy Reid. Vince Young is starting NFL QB. Not franchise but starting. Better than 11 starters right now
I hate reading. I am just getting back into it.
Thank you to all of the new followers we've picked up! Keep spreading the word that we want Milwaukee's music scene represented on local TV!
It's so fuckin boring!
I love ya either way. No silky.
Created a new logo design I need some feedback from my #forrst crowd!
Drew Carey totally ruined it.
New *ORIGINAL* single, coming soon!
thanks for the luv!
Did Carpenter just call Napoli a piece of shit?
I would imagine that w/out encouragement 2 use some tools, uptake = limited, but at same time we see discussion in blogs outside
Listening to good music..
I feel lazier than the guy who created the Japanese flag.
happy to talk with you or others who have questions about the development of natural gas if you really want to know.
.jenterysayers planned to talk about lack of theory in DH, changed his mind, will talk about the theory in DH.
Aw. Id go!
Christopher Nolan, Roland Emmerich, & Phillip Noyce would all be great contenders.
“: Awesome new #dsum12 friends! ” Audrey!! Many thx!
Not exactly the words I would have chose, but I totally agree with you Vin. Been like that for every Dodger game. Ugh.
Way to put 2 & 2 together! :) That's pretty funny.
I want you back :c
interesting...would love to hear about how they break out food decisions.
Oh my God.
Be strong, Lord Grantham!
RT Tonight, the state of KY belongs to the WILDCATS >> And the 1st spot in the finals to Congrats! Hope to see you there!
RT "knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad."
I thought you didn't believe in hockey gods? Change your mind?
Just woke up. I missed all but 6.4 seconds of the game. I guess I'm catching the most exciting part too!
Celebrating St. Patrick's Day in downtown
REAL THING a person I may have to deny knowing in the future just said to me: "That [Fugazi] song sounds like Weezer having a bad day."
LOVING all the #TrendsTues interaction I am getting from my #fashionistas!! Ty Dolls! Follow me for #celebritystyling & #fashion-tips! xox
#GoTribe Hey, the tigers lost. Magic number: 132. Gotta love it falling 3 numbers in one day.
RT : Thx to & for creating & promoting the #flipclass concept. Looking forward to your book in June.
&#39;Hey Arnold!&#39; Movie Spoof: Cartoon Becomes Sexual Thriller (VIDEO)
Lol dam Broseph you must be
1200 Winthrop students singing Livin' on a Prayer w/ Recycled Percussion! WOW Be sure to go to their show at the MGM Grand in Vegas
If women ruled the world, there would be no wars. Just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
Sunshine. Dogs. Horses and mountain views. Portland is beauty!
I do.
I hate constantly having to adjust my tits.
Postcards from Pismo book trailer is almost complete...over 150 stills and counting. Motion graphics, music, then done!
Not calling TO 2 get Berggren in game, not having TO at end of Rose Bowl, sportswriters who live at Taco Bell!
No T-Mobile service since Madison means no Google maps. Trying xGPS with downloaded maps.
I'm here,waiting for you.
fag!:D
- ooh, an older man!
I understand people want to know the armored car murderer is apprehended, why are we watching a press conference with no info?
So excited! I'm picking up my new bicycle today so I can cruise Kierland. Must get pretty pink basket!
Its not even worth talking about it. & oh why is that?
Morning everyone
#YouThinkYoureFunny no, Kevin Hart is funny
is kicking it Daddy style.
it took you long enough!
I hate the doctors . It's like every time they just have bad news .
haha okay. Well i gtg my battery is gonna die! Cya
:D “: YAY!!! moves onto the next round at #tnw2012 startup rally!”
BIG TEN CHAMPS! BIG TEN CHAMPS!!!
I legit feel horrible. I get sick at least once a month ugh x
#shoutpout to Movin' up in the social media world!
Non-Theistic Prayer | Strategic Sorcery Blog
I had it done 2 years ago. It was terrible but not as bad as what I thought it would be.
Dukes working on some new original tunes and grooves for presentation on Fall cruises.
Watching Dexter's Laboratory and it's bringing back all the memories of watching this like pretty much every day with #90sKid <3
Thanks for the follow! You've got a great looking site - WE'll revisit. WE liked your FB page!
To all of our friends on the Eastern US/Canada.. hope you all are safe
"There’s a lot of untapped talent (in District 10)... When you have arts, music and theater, those are life-saving opportunities..."
Woooooty woo woo!!! :) Watch out, we heard that Brian is an ace in the hole, er...a ringer? :)
omg.. You haven't tweeted yet!! Soo yeah,I was your very first follower!!!!
We ADORE YOU! : Looking for a little help with your Social Media efforts? I recommend #smb, #mktg, #internet,...
My team placed a West 10th Street townhouse under contract for well over asking price: w/ 3 RS tenants, it will still rade for close $10M
Join for free post highlight tapes photos make player profile today all free get exposure to college coaches
Knock down silos in IT Collaborate with users. Use knowledge to help them be successful. We are a learning Institution
aww..that's why u r BIG DADDY
oh. do you want a perfect girl? go buy a barbie
I might take two subway rides just to get to chick-fil-a. Is it worth it? ... YES.
"How many of you work for companies who are looking to hire rails developers?" Hundreds of hands go up in the crowd at
can't believe hospitals convince ppl to deed their houses to them for past due bills. Perfect logic, the homeless are more able to pay.
MSNBC I Usually Watch Rev Al Sharpton, Rachel Maddow, Ed Shultz, Lawrence O'donnell Channel 7 news NBC news CBS 2 /Keith Olbermann -Current
you couldn't wait until 9AM to get on the road?? #JustKidding. Enjoy your trip. -Joey
Photoshoot with Need 4 Speed Motorsports Today! Stay tuned.
Are you planning on coming back to Chicago anytime soon??
hi i lost my voice and now i cant sing mi high notes like i can :(
I am constantly tortured inside my private apt. by use of technology and device; Federal Law Enforcement alone has this capabilty
My only chance to sleep in after crazy week. Got woken up at 8am by guy collecting/smashing cans outside my window for 45min. SO annoying!!
530 is looking good
I'm hoping I can stay up long enough to see the Jets and Pats. I doubt I will though.
Been ok. Going to SXSW on Thursday..excited for that! I could probably use some sewing lessons..with this new budget ;) you?
it would be a lot to us if you could shout us out!
do i know anyone that has done rare book school in VA?
Haven't received an email.
But to be fair, the SM81s sounded good on piano; they're just bigger/bulkier and not *quite* as open sounding. (Less $$ too.)
Just finished the first draft of my new thriller: "The Girl with the Pokémon Tattoo."
haha u called me and I got so happy that someone was calling me:(
I think I'm starting to like someone
Five favorite Beach Boys singles in order of release: Help Me Rhonda, Sloop John B, Good Vibrations, Heroes and Villains, Wild Honey.
Wow, in it to Lin it!
haha well I Want to so bad
Lets just say, they never gonna join now. (;
Litterateur exists, but I think the French derivation might cause some resistance
Dude, he was on when I was at taco bell earlier!
Thank you for the follow!
little party in my office! But in terms of "blog building" (whatever that is) I don't see that it has almost any impact.
Just left Krogers in west Louisville. It's like a red out.
RT : My nigga is "Killin every rapper in sight" video coming soon!
want to place a bet on this game .... Go bears
Oh yeah, you would be great. You wouldn't even like the gloves. Plus, Floyd goes to jail on Monday. What's use is 32 mill in there?
Eating donuts with the friend
Where did you get it? I want one for #summerofdresses!
Feeling very weepy today
I just ate the quidet from ... OMG! The best Italian sub of my life!
I know! It was just so complicated! But let's have a girls night out when you return and we'll (hopefully not) have that moment.
thanks for the follow your doc sounds interesting
Can't sleep up in pain WtF! Im goin to have a bad day
I am assuming due to the ipad but does the article end up explaining why?
Just got back from my Dad's. Had a hefty lunch and watched Columbiana. Now I'm cooking some yumminess. Keep an eye for that blog post. :o)
RT : Happy Administrative Professionals' Day!
Hello world, good morning, music is life!!
Audio Visual World Welcomes First of its Kind Online AV Store
Apples and gin would probably taste good together
Welcome to #Omaha!
Helllla humid man...
Anna Ferris looks awesome. What is she going as a Tar Pit?
Being happy doesn’t mean that everything is perfect. It means that you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections
great drop-in but not much of a ride
How Many Times Do You Let Someone you love hurt your feeling...By doing the same thing Over and over?
damn who knew I could shine so bright, I want to feel this way everyday of my life<3
I go coach soccer & this is what happens... Men...
I gotta ask cole. Hell kill me
With the strength of a thousand men, climbing to my feet again.
Calling all #Manicurists #HairStylist #Estheticians #Threaders #NovalashEyelash Extensionists! come try our organic salon booth:)
Stop Judging Justin Bieber, he's just trying to live his dream. <3
twittering on a thursday! watch out, world!
#NewMexicoDodgeDealers - Come visit us & test drive a vehicle. You'll be glad you did. Melloy Dodge of Albuquerque.
* Yo Ass Cant Even Do A Straight Cartwheel .
- can't argue with that! Thanks for joining us today.
Goodnight mentions,texts,dm's?^.^ <3
This dude gonna ask me when then last time I got a good blowjob and how my big my di*k is. This shit is crazy lol
Every time I read the comment section on a YouTube video I feel like I lose a few brain cells...
who comes from the mall at 2 am.. unless ur watching a movie i guess :b
Moments come and go but memories last forever.
I totally forgot that the PSVita is being released in February... o-o
Oh, yeah, and ... BLOCK PARTY! #Celtics leads #76ers 85-85 in fourth.
when are we grabbing a drink lady?!?!
...make that nasty freaks-
love the pics! Keep 'em coming!
Nothing like living in a 100 year old house to help you feel every earthquake in SF!
Has it been only 5 months? You've already established yourself as the neighborhood favorite!
Big day tomorrow. Dad's surgery and when purdue acceptance letters come out.
"Stairway To Heaven" is absolutely incredible.
Import Genius Kisses!
Looking for a close place to workout? Look no further than ! We offer a 2 hour child watch program while you workout!
Auditions: the art of throwing your hat into the ring. Sometimes they laugh...and then throw your hat back at you.
Stop. Consciously relax your ears. Breathe. What happens to your hearing?
Got them right here
Smart brands finish first. With social media "out thinking" beats "out spending" every time.
how do I get one of those pink scarves?
Some r called to Change: communities, cities, states, & even nations but only a few will ever change the world.
--That's just funni..I know the feeling!
Thank you to all of our followers, we have reached the 600 mark!
#linkedin did you ever figure out which skills were duplicate; the error is lame - no information :-)
Condo for sale downtown Miami for $ 17000 incl all closing costs and fees!
Thanks for the follow
"what is a weekend"
Weird ...from 8/26 is Nat'l Toilet Paper Day, Nat'l Dog Day, Nat'l Cherry Popsicle Day, Women's Equality Day: yhoo.it/qr0qfi
1140 pm flight out of LA was legit the worst idea ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
hopefully you'll be able to make next month's #smbmad - on the east side. maybe sporting a new phone
Seski hot. Maybe splash feet in fountain to cool off.
What's happening now? Lunch? Thanks for all your work.
Watch out -- you do not want to fry your laptop this week, of all weeks. I'd unplug it.
We are creating custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use for one lucky follower tonight. Follow & RT 2 be eligible-
Coming soon to going-straight.com: Tips on how a convicted felon can find employment.
that guy is at your gym too?
Watching Freaks and Geeks :) ...I am legit obsessed with the 90's right now.
i <3 kingdom hearts.. sometimes i gotta wield a keyblade. :( i remember playing this in like the third grade. i miss those summer...
oh no!!!! I may not make the rehearsal but I'll make the wedding!
smh that would be bs let's hope it doesn't happen -.- ah vampire Elena can't wait! I still have to watch the last episode
The Tooth Fairy has gone too far this time!..Curse you Perry the Platypus!...lol wait wrong show!& this is w/out the knock outgas
: welcome to twitterverse. Guess what? I'm moving to Seattle in September!!
Wow. I'm missing out on 2 things I really want to hear about/see. New Orleans and ASAP... Have a great trip!
Told you i'll be here forever.
Even my mom wants to see me at the bottom nigga
Thank you for hosting me this weekend! I had such a blast :)
Aw, geek love! : Nerdiest (and sweetest) proposal: proposes to with an infographic bwo
I love it!! Thanks it's coming! :)
aw:$ well thanks<3 and yay let's do it:')
I got food poisoning twice in 5 weeks from bad Vietnamese takeout (the place was later shut down). It sucks! Feel better.
Got to get Jorts on that Legends team!!!! One last hurrah in Rupp!!
Thx! Can't wait for Portland! See u then!
#thatawkwardmoment when you meant to put a :) face in your conversation and you accidentally put a ;) face and the whole convo turns creepy!
it's me and jada and two of her girlfriends. We need one more girlfriend! Yay!
#IWishYouKnew, how bad I want to be your official girl.
Police station on Cottage Grove rd. voter 444
Has anyone else wondered why in street basketball you HAVE to win by two? Lol since when did 11-10 not count as a win?
You are an awful person with an awful face and an awful personality and an awful life and you support an awful team.
#IKnowThisOneGirl who they call "Two Packs of Tracks" because her hair is BIG... Look like 4 packs of tracks to me.... ;-0
any baseball updates??
no... it just feels Iike one lol and I still haven't used spoons!
you're sneaky
“: The best relationships start off as friendships first.” AMEN
Consumption And Population Control, Key Factors In Sustainable Future - RedOrbit
RIP MCA. It was always on my bucket list to see The Beastie Boys. Sad I didn't get to.
Vacation is going well, looking forward to another Webb's on the 20th!
lol that's kinda the point I'm guessing.. Haha
maybe they're on the east coast
Flipping through the #ASECS2012 program. It looks very exciting, and there sure are a lot of folks scheduled for Thursday . . .
at least it wasn't at KFC
Wtf?!? All of this blood is coming from a little was cut.
Some people just need a kiss...on the side of the head...with a metal bat.
Thanks for coming in the other day. The curriculum will be a great addition to Empty Cradles effort.
My daughter is the best!!
Smile Baby! Life is to Gd to Be Sad tho!
I secretly still love :D #BelieberForever Duh ;D
I think Operation Doppel-Chang-er would've been better.
Read The orlando-non-profit Weekly <U+25B8> today's top stories via <U+25B8>...
Break Up To Make Up x Jeremih
A metro sexual BFF is probably the best invention in the world. I never run out of outfit ideas.
Los Angeles, CA- Need females for runway event. No nudity. Pay is 400 dollars. ( Casting Code A1)
Orlando Bound!
Tweet me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
aw. that looks like something out of a wes anderson movie, actually. hee.
so are we giving up then?
>Quote: Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. Steve Jobs
He will have a chance to make a dream become a reality. It will also give him a chance to visit more cities and fans!!!
Break and recreate established #contentstrategy guidelines to formulate your own unique methodology. RT
Engaging myself in research on rhetoric and competing characterizations of change and status quo in #highered. Seeing many parallels.
We got The Megatome & we are the smartest.
Your twitter background is awful
BITCH, just unblock the damn phone.
listen to this song its called "blind to you" by collie buddz he's Jamaican so it may be hard to understand but look up the lyrics
Okay! Okay! I know I'm Behind! Dang!
Good morning, and in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!
nothing just asking..
ugh... It's illegal to do that here and all the police are on their phones or texting while they drive. Drives me nuts
Sounds good. Maybe Weds? Let's talk Tues.
thanks for the follow! =) <3
“No matter what business you’re in, all the smart people work for someone else.” Joy’s Law
you need to come to hawaii and perform here (;
It's Rodeo time in Tucson! Call us today to reserve your transportation to the Rodeo with Integrity!
dang, u got married already? lol Just did a bbq with the famlies
Its sad when natives look down on other natives when they don't dance, what happen to just respect one another
Thy have the FINESt waiters working at chili's right now
there will be a press conference w/ police and family. Thank you for your concern.
when im really upset, i always remind myself that and Mama mahone loves me
Horror survival tip: if you are able to stab the attacker in the back, at least make an attempt to sever their spine.You'll thank me later.
“: Historic F1 cars will be running Tues at Snetterton. Come watch filming/racing get in spirit dress 70s :-)” Wish I could!
I wanna see what happens with mayweather & larry merchant during the post fight
Considering doing 10 push-ups after each goal in tonight's #pens #flyers game
Winter #music writing day!!!
All rainy :(
Now you can talk to all the girls you want. O, wait... Nothing new.
Ed Reed considering not playing next year. He had 4 INT and 9 PD compared to allowing 19 catches last year
Done teaching for the semester. That is all.
one thing
Wish me a Happy Birthday please! it ended in my coast but oh well ;P
Ion know man f*ckas on ya biscuit
o thats cool well i have no life so i tweet a lot and has no life cause she talkes to much about one direction
Follow Friday! These Bloggers are some of the best around
lol I honestly could see that happening ;)
More than 2 hours of giving tours to prospective #AmericanU students. Exhausting but so awesome. :D
shut the fuuuck up
none of that!
Lol nope not at all
Happy Father's for all those sexy dads!!! My prayers for all the Iranian that going thru this turmoil....God Bless Neda!!!!
*After running across the road* Me:"I feel like we just robbed a bank or something!" Elisha:"I feel like I just ran for the ice cream truck"
Jeezy always had hard beats...2nd2none
To love someone deeply gives you strength. Being loved by someone deeply gives you courage. ~ Lao Tzu ~
At ViceRoy
luckily I'm on spring break...but still made my day none the less :)
That puppy is super cute. And extra derpy! We'll have more on the pup tonight at 5:00 pm.
make sure your door is locked, you have enough food an water for several days & don't worry. zombies arent here yet.
you silly I don't discriminate : Grabs tannin lotion and plots next island trip* july Dominican it is....taxi
Awaiting 6PM so that I can play some Ghost Recon Online. Maybe stream a little now that I know what I'm doing.
Relax by the window with a pot of Jade Oolong with a cup of Casablanca Carrot soup and a Grilled Cheese
Hey! Happy to hear that you're digging Arygle! :)
Learning my lines. There is no other option than being off-book! Studying and Passing the NYC Bar Exam has its benefits :-)
DeJesus did not like monkeys that are different. Neither did Hudson. DeJesus isn't smart though.
kick your week off right with strawberry margarita sorbetto-- yum margaritas!
Is that like Bang Bus only they get you high as shit then kick you out around the corner?
A night of hot steamy passion sounds nice.
gets at for nothing and barnes gets to go off on a defenseless player without consequences
Ahh the opening! I hope I have enough people interested in going to that opening LOL!
you're making me misty. let me know when you're free
because everyone is loose!!
How's everyones day today??
who got the loud
Little indie called Damsels In Distress is showing at The Oriental right now. Absolutely hilarious my favorite film of 2012 so far.
I miss you!
And I loved your phrasing on this one, too, Kelly. Perfect word play.
Giants in the Super Bowl!!!!
A strange man just calmly took the liberty of telling me i was wrong in rushing to catch a morning train. How humerously vindictive!
talk is from the last chapter of /Generations of Postmemory/ coming out this spring
Such a glorious day today!!! =D
How would you label your personality?
it's going swell. just living the plant life! =)
A1 It is definitely about building relationships with conversation!
Somehow O's win thanks to 2 Markakis hits, 3 RBI and some decent pitching. Home plate umpire was terrible, mgr tossed
"Your habits determine your character"
I take the same view with regard to England. It's a good job I enjoy being right.
Done with vocals going to gondolier for dinner and to hang my Annie poster! Nov 11th and 12th. Come see me perform as Annie!
Someone told me I feel off o I needed that!!!!!!
Eyes Wide Open You Could See , I Had My First Kiss By The Age Of 13
I'm actually not the biggest fan of candy (except Gummy Bears), so I'm probably not the best one to ask about chocolate.
So if the devil wear Prada, Adam Eve wear Nada, I'm in between, but way more fresher
I know ! I'm still cute tho ;)
It's a beautiful breezy day in Indy; there go the allergies.
Hitsquad seniors try to find as many tight pictures for tomorrow put them in a flash drive or e mail them to me
What is up in the world of poker? C'mon now lets get real and get it back where it was!!!
not much lovely u
What month is it? #cleveland....feels like winter
2 people who may or may not have dealt with their issues that ended 1st marriage (it takes 2 to tango). cont'd
Elegance For Less !!! Up to 65% off!!! FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Decorated ma whole room , in bed now thinking what else I could do !!!
No further progress on the A's moving to San Jose?! What a shock! It's almost like the man in charge doesn't want any progress to be made!
I was the one who had the balls to get out of that unhealthy relationship
OMG RANDY AIRBALL!
you should switch to Bing instead...
"We get calls of parents in tears from STL County because they can't attend our school." - City Garden's Christie Huck
good afternoon my brotha
#ThoughtsWhileRunning How Do I Look In From The Back
Wukane Road Trip?
is that your stuff #excellent!
Girls with orange skin are the best
choir spring concert tonight. wish us luck guys. :)
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for: it is a thing to be achieved.
I understand that, but tech doesn't throw ball period..& he was behind demaryius Thomas for a while.He was not getting the ball
“A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change.”~James Levine
#Detroit #MFBP :: Is more then a #Lifestyle , It's a
RT.PLEASE RT Im looking for you i need help!can u tell someone to come buy a Honda from me I NEED the #business Amazingdeals
i think i have a concussion....... Note To Self: do NOT hit a ball off your head like a with a BASKETBALL 10 times.....
powerful words
On this eve of destruction baby hollowed be our name this hell is where we hide Drown with a lost soul and maybe
that is so cute!!
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON,DC--> July 1st -July 7th,2012! Stay tuned! Follow back! #RT!
Awake since 3:30am - I see an afternoon nap in my future.
#zachgalifianakis and #willferrell can't go wrong!
Reasonably confident that I won't be liable for teen who got henna tattoo on her lower abdomen that reads "Bitch"
we definitely need a US panel on
I like Elvis. But I also really like your priorities. Well done Chelsea.
So simple and yet so delicious: Flounder with treviso, brown butter and lemon
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back!!!
I love uggie
A once in a lifetime meal at Prado restaurant! Authentic10-course 1st class #Titanic dinner followed by exhibit visit....
Infinite Spirits Inc., distiller of fine spirits and Shakers #Vodka, has filed a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition.
Have you ever seen the sky before a tornado?
I love you.
The only place I ever experienced this was while I lived in NYC many years ago. It is unpleasant and intimidating.
I thought QuikFlix would be a great name for Netflix's other half; too bad there's QuiCkflix in Australia.
hey buddy! long time no talk! how u ben?
Workin on a fractured toe <<<
Yeah, he did...RT Totally just experienced my first earthquake while sitting in the Residence Inn. It was everything I imagined
Does reading The Watchmen and being excited about getting a multimeter make me a nerd fantasy?
but as far as an equivalent for showing off body parts, arms+chest with a well-fitting shirt is think is closest
RT : Good luck to the MS4s tomorrow. It was only a year ago that I was walking across McCombs as Dilbert.
I love it for the Grizzlies because it's shorter and cheaper. Indy may have done it if they lost to Orlando and needed a shakeup.
Getting ready for our trip to Ecuador!
Shit can't follow back i need 2000 followers
check out the video titled "Wrap that junk up"
We're counting on you to be on twitter during the French Open. Don't let us down! ;-)
Lets just get this week over with. Please. I can't take it much longer. #hurryupsummer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
Listen to the Jake and Kyle Show tonight @ 9 pst on www.wolfpackradio.org
YEEEAAAAHHHH OH AND IM PERFORMING JUNE 1 AT PSU!!!
Started great, went to terrible, to fun, to chill! to NOW!
My palms are sweaty. Like a first date. And ive got butterflies
Toledo! It's a great night to see (and buy) art! Gallery Loop runs through 10 pm. I'm at St Clair & Lafayette, swing by for a free kazoo!
@ terroir. Summer of riesling!
One bad teacher does not spoil the whole bunch.
checked out trinos on yelp. Strong drinks. All I need to know.
“: Vaya siesta”a la q vas o de la que vienes ??
about to get my eyes right in about half an hour.. fall through around 1 if your trying to do the same
Insanity=doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results
because music is a part of who we are!
Dr. J. - always keepin&#39; us photo shoot fresh!
Finally got a chance to see the avengers. Very curious to see how they'll plot to the sequel. Also, Tony Stark = Rick Hunter.
...that may be one of the most wonderful things anyone has ever said to me. No joke.
50 SOUNDS SO OLD BUT IT'S NOT - 50 (san francisco) www.haroldmiller4mayor.com
it was the cutest <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
It's about to be survival of the fittest right now.
Do any of your campuses publish April Fool's Day editions? How do they handle the responsibility of satire?
Love the live tweeting. U r an extraordinary multi-tasker! Sheriff is done w/investigation. RETURN TEACHERS TO #MIRAMONTE!
comics are about fantasies of superiority over sexual insecurity and death, so... there probably aren't any. I'll try to think of 1!
What's your go to food when you are feeling stressed?
#WhatIMissMost my best friend
Finishing up my latest video/ super nintendo & ??? EightysWorld2
New song tonight
hi niall , let's go eat some Chipotle .
WHAT DO YOU MEAN THERE'S NO SANTA CLAUS?!
Chill day.
I haven't known what day of the week it is for quite some time now.
Today we’re celebrating #CommunityAction with Please RT, thanks!
": *kisses*" you working tonight right :)
VNSO CLOSED the pump is broken. They are unsure when they will reopen. We will have an update on Tuesday. Sorry about the short notice.
Seriously great night. Much needed.
else's leadership can amount to lebrons
Katy Perry "the one who got away" i know someone who lived the video soo sad:(mayheRIP
well it's definitely a huge advantage. But you have Jose who speaks perfect español.. Everything in our company is new now.
#ForrestGump with #TomHanks get me crying at the end every time
Great interviews with & more at the event today!
Made 's buttered crouton salad w/avocado &smoked salmon for lunch (but dbled the avocado--bc life is short & needs more avocado.
Watz da use of building somethin wit somebody if u aint tryna make it last!!!....
ah life, im loving it
whats up bro your music is sick man huge fan..cant wait till sept 20
a friend, nosy..... ;) but seriously you'd find out if you wanted to help me get him to follow me. What ya say??
I am finally here time to. Really work.
Getting weird with
I'm so proud of you! :)
since when did Staff Retreats mean 10 hours of meetings?
Trying to negotiate my cable/internet bill today - wish me luck!
Cab driver bitching about mifflin
Knock him out Lebron
just saw the show! Good stuff! Lolled a bunch
I love softball :)
R U ready
Rain sucks
#Brewers improve to 14-18, which means they can lose tomorrow and Sunday and be 14-20, just like last year!! Nah..let's win em both!!
"The Law of Win/Win says, Let's not do it your way or my way; let's do it the best way."- Anderson
thanks for the RT! :)
just stalked you since I saw you added me. random fact - Nora Roberts is my bro-in-law's aunt. I've been to her house lol
What should I eat tonight?
Everyone, just wanted to let you know is the world.
I kind of need pants help.
So I get to rep and at #warpedtour . Get fucking ready!
I hear I hear the Ice Cream Truck... Aaayyyeee!!! Vanilla/hotFudge/sprinkles.... M
don't miss all those meetings. Beer time :)
Glad I didn't let Tali die in ME2 because watching her suicide off a cliff in ME3 really made me laugh a lot, I bet that was Hepler's idea.
In still other news, did I mention I get to direct Kia Corthron's BREATH BOOM this fall? Honored by the opportunity.
thank you all!
Please knicks, let's not break record for longest playoff losing streak.....
The heap of yams you will reap depends upon the number of mounds you have plowed. ~Nigerian Proverb
Wow. Maybe well. Zip my lips.
Ha! GRRM's never further than two degrees if there're multiple lovable characters who die... or alt-spelled slang words.
Worst phone, I can't even send the text I wanna send
I just saw your reply to my rise again and my response is EXACTLY!
I feel like I'm being judged
Thanks for the RT
Here the season that niggas get on ya Nerves... La La La La La La!!!!
Contract work for local publication tonight. Their videos are impossibly dry and painful to watch let alone edit.
The Ghost Inside stepped it up yet again with their new record. Listening through a second time now & I want to go Hulk crazy
#Denver! Come see a screening of our new short film "Cut 83!" on 9/24 at the Oriental Theater! Part of the comedy show!
she's using database $ to cover it, which means no Morningstar for 1 yr (because they're ceasing paper publication)
Greatness usually lies just beyond fatigue.
Oh I fully intend to have them at my wedding!!
oh ok i guess thats a good thing
Cohen family dinner watching videos of the div when she was 4
Rosie where U guys going
“: I feel like Im interested in you. Hm.. <U+E402>” you're interested in everyone. Hm..
Watching Get Hit ti the Greek.
damn this nigga blockin the whole Chicago with his gay ass
St.John Property's Daniel Thomas is introducing Peter Linneman here at UB. #real estate
House music always puts me in a better mood (:
For saying you are glad we are back. hehehe!
RT : We should totally bring out our FA Cup and do laps around the stadium if we lose this.
Steak on the grill, red wine, family and the #nyrangers game. A good night. (Of course, a win would ensure that it stays a good night.)
where did you go?
I'm willing
Yes. God. Feel the hate coursing through you. Los Angeles grows strong on your hate.
careful don't hit your head falling asleep
if you dont speak english i wont follow you
Great job participants! Kate Smith is the woman pictured. Congratulations , , and , you have won!
this beeping smoke detector is testing my patience.
was a performer a few years ago at the annual Young Artist Awards show and was fantastic.
": Mayweather.. Knock out in the 7th"~We shall see good brother. It may be sooner than that...
Starting a tradition of TRUE Brotherhood at American University. Do you know any students who exemplify our seven core values?
We are headed several places this year.. Israel, Croatia, Dubai, Cuba, Abu Dhabi and more! You must be so excited to travel!
Thank you sir we are looking forward to having you in the gym
What's the surprise? It's a great game.
And we have an A-Team headed to Austin this morning to give the best Travis HS coverage you can find.
i need more than 140 characters to explain how bad the Nets are w no center. poor deron williams. i shouldve gone to the hawks game tomorrow
My Prayers R With Your Family
Awkward moment when someone who hates dancing is a better dancer than you. You know who I'm talking about;)
Saggy boobies make me sick. Lol
Easiest way to lose a good friend.. Knock him out in 3rd place.. Easiest way to make a friend act like a bitch,knock him out 3 times in 3rd!
Sorry about that! You should be able to choose one of the available microphones when you start recording.
Can't wait to delve into the 2nd #HungerGames book.
im trying but in charotte
So Oprah confess that OWN Network was not ready 2 launch #smallbusiness guess we all make mistakes .... learn from it! Never stop dreaming!
Content is what will drive traffic to your website. It's what people search for online.What type of content will you provide?
Jesus I love the paranormal. <3
well never believe you wont go! you will when you're older! :)
Gorgeous baby your gorgeous! <3 [:
!! Use Pick Resistant Locks-because anyone can learn to pick traditional locks - Call us 24/7 @ (503) 241-4922 for a free quote
I like what u had 2 say ....dream....and put your all into it....think outside the box
Can I send Ted Thompson a cookie basket!?
"TELL YA FRIENDS"NO4 ft.DMX,DANI STEVENSON & Produced By 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE.ON ITUNES NOW.VIDEO ON YOUTUBE.@ radio now
#ShoutOut to my new followers. I'll give the individual shoutouts when I get to a cpu
babe...I love it!! SWV are back folks!!..Got my copy!!
My phone sucks because it freezes too much.:/
Looking forward to chatting w this wknd about a hot horror collab! Excited about the possibilities!
Johnnie Walker Green and Gold Labels are being phased out for Gold Label Reserve with no age statement and Platinum Label,18-year-old blend.
I can't stand when nobody texts me.
": I got locked inside my house ... Only GloZell" happened to me two days ago...
one rounders are easier to judge, and its unlimited.so they can get the.same amount of material in.
fav quote "First of all we need to move Snoop Dogg to my table"
#raw10 youre Gheto if yor whole Cd/DvD colectin is Bootleg. u cant tell what is what bcause the disc top is blank!
My twitter app sucks
How about Friday?
hey mike, every time you show the game winner from game 1, there's a lady flipping double birds behind the glass. Hilarious!
A good friend will help you plant your tulips. A great friend will help you plant a gun on the unarmed intruder you just shot.
Thanks for attending! See you again son! :)
Who DOESN'T like HP?! :D Are you a fan of the movies, the books, or both?
#SometimesItsEasier as soon as you embrace the fact that anything worth having takes hard work, true grit and perserverence
See you tomorrow for the opening market!
Good morning Fort Wayne. May is finally here! What are you looking forward to this month?
I'll take your second Pottermore account!
So hungry I want to eat EVERYTHING
JUNE AND JULY ARE GONNA BE BANANAS!!! BOOM!BAM!POW!
Using my pint glass right now for a beer! Thanks for handing them out at RubyOnAles... and cheers!
People will talk down on you because you are willing to work harder at your dreams than they will for theirs .......
I suspect a hidden political message with the blue/red salted/unsalted butter conundrum.
Heal the City, City wide march this July to prevent youth violence and promote peace
I like games, but I refuse to ever make one because it is only useful in a limited sense. What major problem did WoW solve?
wait , where are you sitting at ?
appreciates you actually reading the doc to get some tangibles, thanks!
Excited for #iste12 along w/the rest of the team. Who else is going? Great oppty to see in action.
GP. curious what you mean by working? Seeing procees improvements internally or othwerwise?
What has this world come to?
went to lecture at Harvard GSD tonight: "Technology and Serendipity: Stumbling in the City". Moses v Jacobs redux?
What do you have when you have two balls in your hands? A man's undivided attention.
Indian Hindu chanting at the #Oscars... LOL! Just, lol!
she moved because we will have a sub monday and start new lesson thursday :)
There's a nice little line to get in the golf course again tonight. The course's themselves don't look very crowded.
I can't now im on my phone maybe later sorry bye
Foreign buyers scooping up U.S. homes - null
should have your own Under Armor Duck Dynasty clothing line
I hate that I pay a premium to buy healthy food. Dried fruit costs more than donuts.
Mourn the cubs loss with a bowl of soup and a hot sandwich....? We're here til seven
,Hi Followback,You My Inpiration,For Me You Is My Dream Please Followback Me!!!!
Interesting topic. I'm sure the answer lies somewhere in the middle.
I think I'll have to dive in.
fucking hope the website dies you pieces of shit.
yah, I'm partial to the old Brit too:)
Man why is everyone fallin in love wit dese dirty ass niggas..loo
well going to lay down someone text me.. night.. have a blessed sleep
I will announce it
not sure when you wrote this. Of course you can share anything!
so you just go ignore my last tweet to you huh you Disgruntled Heat Fan
Trying really hard to love , but they're making it SUPER difficult. Im tired of your stupid marketing ploy cars :(
#ScottSimmerman heads to Mumbai to present The Search for The Lost Dutchman's Gold Mine and the #SquareWheels cartoons for
I danced, I sang, I drank.
Last night, waiter called me a "f*cking bitch" for asking for a split bill, said not our SERVER'S job to know what we ordered
Been contemplating the importance of personal brand mgmt, especially for new consultants
Watching Ellen!! Justin and Carly are gonna come on!!!
come on.......got some traces for you.
Good luck ameezy.
This thong is really bothering me
Ppl like to keep secrets so in turn I don't listen to shit they have to say,keep all the shit for someone who cares
Think i'll do a little pre-bed reading. Watch out Waldo, you're about to be found!
A big bowl of yummy, creamy Noosa yogurt. Have you tried it? Delish.
Happy birthday :)
gosh!they both feel guilty about the things they've done to each other. I think it's about time to forgive each other
Sometimes using cost per use data is effective when negotiating subscription prices. Especially when you start by cancelling
T4: That's a tough one. More customers = more concerns to account for before making changes.
you have to text. it's a rule.
RT : I have to straighten up the house before the maids come.
yeah but I get distracted easily
no limits
Ooh right! Bet he misses home though! :)
you play online, association, exhibition??
Last visit before Spring Training. Ready. To. Crush.
Eastside - houghton and escalante. More house for the money and better views but longer commute.
will do :)
just pumped the crap out of my pecs. Now what? they went from b cups to c's. why don't i have a webcam?
Block party show this Sunday on 2nd and Bainbridge. Your invited.
Maybe you shouldn't look at me that way...
It's official! #RITHockey Tigers face Umass Lowell River Hawks in season opener for #RITBrickCity @ Blue Cross Arena. Oct 16, 2010!
- Stephen- Been using it for 2 years, but now think user adoption has doubled- they need to increase bandwidth
I honestly don't care anymore...
Your Saturday Night isn't complete without dinner out on the town! Make it a Grazie night: 305.673.1312.
Just heard my waiter ask the manager if I could sub the smoked salmon, for "some yoga girl." smh
thanks for the support!
me too. I don't burn, I get darker.
what you wan t lmao?
Found my gameboy
excellent weather in Pittsburgh.. but I can't fight the urge to ski. Anyone know of any good deals in the Pocono Mts??
Just reactivated my Genbook account, so I can book massage clients online.
que rico
That was some Asik defense Chicago.
but...I didn't think they had legs...more snake-like.
Log on to e2on air Lawman is now interviewing Etana (The Strong One)
Tis a pleasure W. & #Outsider is just that #good. :O)
I'm so sleeepyyyy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I need you to patch your friendship up because there can't be division in the Nation!
I Think This My Song . .
Can't remember the title of the book I use, but there are some great ones that show kid friendly yoga poses
Trent-mania is underway in #Ctown!
You're welcome! :-)
Rest in Peace Maurice Sendak...you have inspired many young readers!
Watch me on KTLA discussing all things Murray. Not near a t.v.? Watch KTLA.com
o. nice soundboard!
good morning Vi! Thank you for coming on the boat. You were awesome.
Be BOLD to Live a life of your own. Be CONFIDENT to pull off anything. Be GRATEFUL for Everything. And Keep Doin YOU!!.
yeah, I like smaller ones too. This will be my first annual. Have to go for emerging leaders stuff.
Define Decent? In N Out? RT : I would quit Facebook for a decent cheeseburger, if anybody wants to make an offer
Thanks I just posted the position.
That thang gorgeous
1 page equals (roughly) 2 minutes. unless you speak really quickly... like me.
Winnipeg has Jets too? What sport? In America, the Jets are a New York City football team. A pretty decent one at that.
that mets/phils game last night, huh?
you cave me butterflies at the mailbox <3
I hate the NBA as much as the next guy but the playoffs are great TV
Cannot believe it's been a year since the disaster in #Japan - have we learned enough from the tragedy?
You have to get your boy Mark Lyons out to Arizona.. #BearDown Show him what AZ life is about..
The last episode had me laughing and crying. I love that show. Except for Dev. He can die.
I was serious! It's hawt <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
New career goal: Open a wine bar next to a high-end kitchen shop called "Sous la Table".
Let's go Bash!!! At the #MononBell debate and ready to hear our Wabash students defeat DePauw.
Check out our website --> www.skinfolkmovie.com
since everyone is starting to wear TOMS
I shouldn't. I want to. Mac & cheese is so unappealing.
Actually just deleted the app RT Hey, you guys remember Draw Something? That was a fun month.
tweet somethinq fast dont wanna be caught....
After watching : The secret isn't making smart parts smarter. It's about making the dumb parts irrelevant.
watching your video at 1am and your book just summited my must read list. Killin' it!
wants the cute hello kitty spoons from yogurt land :(
5 days left!
Lol! Love you too.<U+E418>
RT Murder of #TrayvonMartin is part of a broader trend of systemic violence against people of color in America <Over 500yrs>
Always amazes me when a best friend stops talking when they get a new bf cus they make him their life.
Females With Dimples :]-}
Zelo is yummy! Go there for a nice dinner while at
Thanks a lot Titans. There goes NFL survivor. squeaked out another week on college survivor with the last minute LSU win
nigga !! if you don't get out ima beat your ass!!! lol jk jk xD but seriously get out so we can take some pics hahahahahahah
The pleasure (and the goose bumps) were all ours! Thank YOU.Much love & light, xo
Research Reveals Five Priorities for Order-to-Cash Performance...
I am new to the whole twitter thing! Thank you for following me! Hopefully I can get many more followers in the future. :o)
Thanks for the Tweetvitation! ;)
Im sorry....did kurt and Blaine just get in a fight? Unacceptable.
Thank you!!! RT : great tweets
Did you know Apple sold more iPhones in the quarter that ended in December than there were babies being born around the world?
Quote from Gramsci achieves quote of the day status on corporate workplace's website.
Wonderful feeling. Wonderful day. “: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>ippidee-do-da, <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>ippideeay, my-o-my what a Mother's Day.. #zipline”
At least we don't have to look at Jamie Dixon's hair for the rest of the season.
A fucked up childhood Is why the way I am, it's got me in a state where I don't give a damn- MC 8
Now on the edge of my seat for the last 5 laps
Remember when I was married to Lee Taemin? haha neither do I..
When you post a funny status and there’s that one person who ruins it by saying something serious.
Lawd, why do they make airport seats so uncomfortable? Of course, working on 3 hours sleep tends to make everything uncomfortable.
*look RT : You hang around with trash long enough, you begin to talk like it.
Sharing office space w/ someone that listens to death metal -
FRESH BAKED BLUEBERRY SCONES! HAPPY SATURDAY!
You make your own world.
Am I damn lobster? No? Then turn down the heat
*hangs head in shame*
Food Dude asks that everyone keeps #theduranfamily in their prayers. They lost a daughter and their home to a fire in Tahoka last week.
I had a dream about and Steven- it was a fictional version of your love story but it involved swords. Very princess bridey
If you received an email check the subject line. That should have the ticket number there.
In Rwanda, 45% of all girls have lost at least one parent.
Drifting apart.....
One Time then BoyFriend :‘] <3
“A book is proof that humans are capable of working magic.” ~ Carl Sagan
Signed up for Battle of the Books at township library. Looking forward to re-reading Tales of a 4th Grade Nothing by
“The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.” - PAUL VALERY
Isn't life great?
High as shiiiit
Who would you take if you won $100 to one of Boston's best restaurants?
They even play it in-game
Laying poolside, listening to John Mayer, while studying for my anatomy test tonite!
“: Anybody else having their Ed Hochuli show interrupted by a football game?” um, yes!
You two look Awesome and so happy. Have a long life together.
What is the point of trying to paint someone a violent criminal when you have no idea who you're insulting
I have final exams that following week so it would have to be afterwards.
Your sister is "on it", the Sharks are a Puerto Rican gang in Westside Story, and Jay may be afraid of me right now...
oh nah
Dear Twitter, Would you please stop unfollowing my dear followers?! I didn't give you permission to do that. Quit it. Thanks, Anna.
It is truly amazing to understand the impact you can have on someone. I wish everyone an impactful day!
I love your songs! <33
You're not the only one.
I know you will dwell on those words you said to me!
I'll stick w/Grover's Alpine Express coaster! ;-) RT : Glad you liked riding #Verbolten, Tracie!
“: need u to slide by #FirstFriday my birthday bash” I'll be there!!
My player is killing us
I embarrassed myself during gym. It's okay doe.
RT : Union Carbide's Silicone Spray Lubricant? THATS THE WINNER FOLKS, CONGRATULATIONS SLURPEE FAN
So glad to be out of that hell hole!!!
I like the L.A. Jams! Shorts, bad traffic, delicious fruit spread, musical wankery. Oh yeah, and tackling.
WOW something always up with subways food. Get Well
Congratulations on the new TBS gig. You can take the monkey off your back now.
My band family member, George Arnold Passed away this week. Please pray for family healing in this loss. He was very talented and kind.
All of is my FAVORITE! It's hard to choose just one!
Anyone catch the Michael Buble Christmas Duets sketch on SNL this past weekend? If not, go watch! Some really great musician impressions!
I still can't believe that derek died!
haha! Love that song!“: Every time I hear 'Love you like a lovesong' I think of you now haha
My cousin is back from Coachella! I can hear her high heels and shit.
you are very funny , Follow me ?
I Listen To It EveryDaay!!!!!!<3
That's so cute!
Hats off to you for the RT. Glad to see you've accepted the #CovertTU mission. Stay tuned for clues to the password.
Thanks for the RT!
Wikipedia finally got the seasons correct for iCarly. Now what was seasons two and three is now two and the last season was three.
I cant help what I've BECOME...
My dog is purring -__-
I admire going almost 9 months in heels during her pregnancy! I can't even make it 2 hours before my feet start hurting!
I loved the pic of you with the kids. Very brave. You know me.. There's no way I'd sign up for that!!
thank you! :3
WHAT A WIN!!!! Bing bang boom
Only five days! Get excited!
I need a walking and jogging partner. This old lazy heffa
I'm just sayin' you could do better. Tell me have you hear that lately? -Drake<3 Some people should really take this kind of advice....
really?! We definitely didn't watch the same movie jk
says: All women are angels. If our wings get broken, we just fly around on brooms. We are flexible, after all!
Welcome to P-Town. Too bad you missed the good weather by a couple of days.
Curtis anything I can do? Ever need a ear I am here for ya.
Now that we've recovered from our yummy Chocolate party, we're thinking of a Tweetup at our shop this spring. Who's interested? :-)
going to memorize The Gettysburg Address :)
Good Morning ! Hope all is well
Will consider it. Alums get 50% off on online classes, but not more than 1-2 per year and not in cert progs.
Thanks for the follow! 'Adversity breeds growth'
What did you do tonight? We worked right into the weekend. Now, bed.
Yoga has improved my paralegal practice immensely.
Kickin' Hollywood in the D
Also superior. RT see also: Liverpudlian pronunciation of "book."
yes! CJ made a really bad decision and dumped the ball to Asik and should have keep the ball for the foul.
Where have you been
One fish said to another : " "Do you believe in this ocean they talk about?"
Wish Colorado was on your route. Next time?
looking forward to another brainstorming session. BTW I may have a roofer who will do the work if materials are donated.
Wait, John Stewart was in Big Daddy?
Wild Crowd tonight!! Lets Boogie ON, can we get a Song request?! TWEET IT NOW!!!
I am so pumped for this hockey game who & its only preseason. #letsgohawks!
He's got to make sure what he gets is perfect (:
I liked your 'Pulling Tweets with Python' blog post.
Well what can we do lol but your right about the flopping its just embarassing to watch these days. They need to change it
wanna switch? It's mad hot in mines
this why grandma of all ppl
Some days call for the films.
ball hasn't left the infield and two have scored, let's go
thank u for making our point, CRAZY ;)
Missed the LuLu Lemon Team run today, but appreciated having my runnin partners wait up. Good run....3 more days until RnR 1/2.
I couldn't agree more as my wife and I are finding out with our six week old! Three hours of uninterrupted sleep is good
You know what I broke clean from you I'm happy I got my life on track I needed this (: great night not gonna lie!
what's crackin in H-town on a Sunday night?
But no, that's fine with me. I shut him up my damn self.
I still can't get over the fact that Justin bieber says swagey in boyfriend!
is on pace to hit 270 RBI this season, but we'll settle for 200
Living the dream! thx to our new followers: <U+200F>
Please check out to check out the Vegan movement in St. Louis! Looks good!
Not only must I succeed, others must fail.
I wish my mom would let me have a candle but she wants them all to her self #candleswag.!!! ~ <3
hahahaha that happens to me aaaaalllll the time!
O!!!!! Gave One So Sweet To The Jaw! lol Welcome To #Memphis!!! Go Grizzllies!!!
Big mistake.
Great opportunity to lead the content creation that grows our audience. ThomasNet is hiring a Managing Editor for our Content Group...
baby, I shore do miss you. We's got sun poeming to make up fer.
Congrats to Nuzulita B. from Seattle for winning an autographed mini soccer ball & 2 tix to tomorrow's game vs. LA Galaxy!
aww that's sad!
Oh. haha nice!
Do a scribe's abbreviations change depending on the exemplar used? This is the question I'm pondering today...
lmao I know x).. fine ill make her one and why don't I even add a massage relax her. And I know I do but she can make one for me
FOLLOW MY NEW TWITTER !
Fill in the blank and RT: "My favorite tap song is _____________".
I have officially been creeped on by #megusta ;)
"New research set to be released this week." That's just not responsible journalism.
Address of Plano Sports Authority 2 is 601 Seabrook. Don't use Google for directions/map; you will end up at PSA 1. Please RT!
Happiness is where we find it, but rarely where we seek it. J. Petit Senn
I found out that I have a test today. I need to get my mind together or I'm screwed.
J. Valentine
Honestly probably no one is jealous of you
I have TDA does that work well or should I open an acct at ST? my accountis under 10k
amen dude, amen.
Most teenagers go out and party, but i sit home at night and tweet (;
A name makes no matter to me, as long as I can call you my own.
Read Treatment. Lock down dates to Swim it Out + Sing it Up.
Have you had a good conversation this week?
And how did a negative sounding word -- viral -- become a positive thing?
so proud of us. This is my 2nd win so I got the fingers crossed was really pushing for Weiss tho
i die a little inside everytime someone calls me Brandon instead of Brendan
Trying to figure this site out still :)
You deserve every one of those 1,555 followers, too! Congratulations.
Sullinger = Big Dog Robinson.
Boston should be an awesome opera town.
like straight too much booty in the pants?
A sad soul can kill you quicker than a germ.
I hate getting jealous over someone I'm not with:/
thank u! Blessed by chuck E Cheese himself
lol homework lol I join the seattle team of Tunes for Tots for the Make-A-Wish foundation
It's official! #KnowHowToDance is coming to you 8-26-11. Get it on iTunes
Drake, gotta hunch ;-)?
~ All the world’s a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed. ~
I had a bad dream that got photoshopped out of new posters.........
Do women find eating challenges attractive? I'm thinking no........
Thanks for the kitchen tour, Zuni Cafe! Now I'm even hungrier for your famous chicken.
Time for work... Studying a movie right now;)
Resounding "NO" vote on 's pension proposition at tonight's Central Committee meeting
Sum ppl gne be lyin just to get u to follow them
Very cute and your dog is very gentle with those baby geese.
Being held hostage in my own room. Can I come out yet?!
I'm pretty sure I sai that yesterday.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> hahaha
WHATS UP? LONG TIME! I KNOW UR PEN STILL HOT! LETS DO SOME WORK!
Good am every1. We are open now Stop n 4 breakfast, coffe, and/or a panini togo. Next Fri June 4th: our Cust Appreciation Day. We're Excited
Thank you! RT : Happy Centennial, ! Let's hear it for another 100 years of excellence in education!
he he he jst like me i still listen to it.
Never trust what you don't see with own eyes.
RT : So who is waiting on the edge of their seats for #ALIEN ?
I think the will issue a ban for me from the Peake, as I've only been to the Portland game.
#Yankees trade Montero, their projected DH. Does that mean Prince is on the way? If I'm Scott Boras, I'm calling Brian Cashman
Thanks for the great feedback on Guerrilla Usability session! love your bio on #drupalconsf site!
you're talking about the game show scene later in the movie with that line, aren't you?
Everybody complaining but aren't doing anything to help so I'm gone do me
RT : Still a great season #Aztecs! What an amazing year.
It'd be perfect if it was made from swine.
You are honestly the best person ever!Thanks for giving me advice!I love you ricardo!(:
this whole thing, amendment one, is the precedence toward a slippery slope in the state of nc!!!
#TeamFollowback she follow back
I'm coming back towards end of month we can talk more about it than
Looking for a visual web designer in SF Bay Area doing freelance work. Please get in touch.
Want to be our FEATURED wine of the month? Please send samples to 10531 4S Commons dr #512 San Diego, CA 92127
YES!!!! Do it and don't look back.
#WhenIWas13 tweeting was something only birds did
Please do! I have a few more sets on their way, I'll keep you posted. RT your blog is awesome, can I use your photo...
her cuteness overides the attitude! lol
no!!! Thank you for being swole and making Thursday's worth something!!! RT!
what's going on?
BorderSenses volume 18 will be out in June. We are always amazed by the local talent.
I need to find that spare half hour.. I left it somewhere.
Canada, you have been great to us. Now, time to head to Cleveland, OH to record our full length for the whole month of Feb! GET STOKED.
Summer is here! Yay for warm weather. Sydney b. has a great selection of Splashy Swimwear.
We def bailed on our bill last night at chumleys hahah
Salsa Under the Stars with CHARANGA Del Valle THIS FRIDAY!!! See you there!
thank the lord!!
Two years ago, learned what TJ Maxx was. This year, explained to me Cinco de Mayo. What an NYU education.
I haven't heard anything about Lana Del Rey in a while. That's nice.
Husband leaves for six months in a month. Thought for today: perhaps we should make wills before he leaves.
hm.. seems like the same type of epidemiological bullshit at the red meat study to me...
You dont like me? Then dont sit anywhere near me. Fucking idiot -.-
I jus kinda wish I felt more welcome <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0>
Okay, yes, I have brought rayguns to #QUEST2012. I'll be giving them away at my social media talk at 7:45 am 5/4 Fri. While supplies last!
ha. Thanks
With a chance of storms tonight if you have a chip cover it with packing tape to keep it clean & dry. Don't if chip is in front of driver.
Save as.
thx for the follow!
Good to know! How is the race support? Enough water stations and such?
thanks for the #FF shoutout, Happy Friday to you to!! :)
Bullying Prevention Tip # 7- Develop Student Leaders #schools for peers among kids- students
You're better off without me...
have you gotten 's new e.p. With The Wind on iTunes yet???? if the answer is no than what are you waiting for?? go!
good morning!
thanks in advance, it's really appreciated!
RT : Living: Young<U+2714> Wild<U+2714> Free<U+2714>
I just want this school year to be OVER
At long last. The content for the update tomorrow has been marked final! We're getting ready for the update tomorrow morning!
About to watch "Maria Full of Drugs" where are you ?
What is implied nudity and why do I keep getting pics killed for it?
It really pisses me off when people cry in the presence of a famous person. Seriously you should be happy :/
Given the hour, what's there to be learned from the bottom of a beer bottle?
Loving it... "relentless on his serves"! #wimbeldon #roddick! Serve Baby Serve!
My Teacher Is Going To Get So Pissed Cuz I Didnt Go To School Oh Well Beauty School Can Wait I Can Have One Day Of Fun Or Mayby More Lol
Leo the Lion is getting drunk tonight! WooHoo!
Tao Lin (): his dry, unpracticed delivery = riveting. "I didn't expect that to feel like that, he said."
Hoho don't make me laugh with your random face. IDLT, u know !
after that game, i'm convinced the sixers can beat the heat and the western conference champion.
I want that!
Coolest kickoff I've ever seen. Hit off the goalpost and landed on the 20.
oops, never mind. sign wrong in my eval function. That's better...
One great year. You're going to have tons of fun and you'll still see all your friends. No worries :)
Creativity, spontaneity and keeping things fresh / or is it A.D.H.D!?!? - Seize the day.
Refresh the page & restart the memories, respark the soul & rebuild the energy.
BOYCOTT - TAMRON LENSES - they do not honor their warranties. Customer service stinks. They just don't care! I've never been so screwed!
Fellow O'Connor, I misread your tweet and just thought #Doc had perished. Phew. To your point: I know, right?
check your DM c:
Spent time with #Family today ^.^ it was fun(: hope to have more days like that in the future :D
is this the first final? The last? somewhere in the middle?
should I stay or should I go now
Take time to get started!
i did send it you add me!!! my name is dskater98
..... What does OCTMS stand for?
I would love it if started following me #Please ? :)
#thevoice AMAZING!!! The performance of a lifetime!!! Thank you!!!
And we're off!
Follow and #pandaAI today (now!) for fascinating tweets on process of artificially inseminating pandas! Wow!
#Facebook is ready to launch its #IPO road show as early as Monday, The stock could start trading as early as May 16 - 17, 2012.
I'm either making money or spending it
Did I mention that those deals start TODAY!!?????
Lies lies lies lies nd more lies !
It Hasn't Came Through. Did U Block Me??
Thanks for the follow. We dig Origami, of course. Hope you're doing well.
Up n ready to get this day started only to go to work n get it over with.....
motorcycle school..just got done with 3 1/2 hrs of riding in a parking lot.. So fun!
If George Bush referred to the Falkland Islands as the "Maldives," I think we'd be hearing more about it.
RT : Love put twitter handle on his glove. Omar Vizquel put mailing address on his.
Watching Man Of The House makes me miss Texas!
"Q-cumbers" that's how cool people spell it..HAHAHA.
#SOTU #Obama says: Not going back to where insurance companies can cancel your insurance policies or treat women differently than men
Need a good #yoga DVD that helps with strength. Any suggestions?
Excited to be your VIP Guest #TrunkShow in Charlotte
Looking forward to seeing you all at #astd2012! Feel free to tweet us any questions about our fine city! You are our guests.
I think this is your best tweet ever. Thank you.
it's all i can do to resist bellowing "wine-dark sea!" and some Whitman right in the middle of class -
Tryna Watch Godfather I, II, & I Tonight Till Morning...<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC>
Where are you from ?
please notice me one time (: thanks .
I spent 20 minutes doing Elliptical- 260. 260 calories burned.
Big stuff. Also, lots of stuff. :-D
Haters still think of Cody as the 12 year old with the high voice. That was 2009. It's 2012. He grew up. Maybe you should too
hate to tell you this, but Mufasa still dies
1400 of you are probably wondering who this MealPop character is. You used to know us as Bigstove, now we're Mealpop. Same company, new name
I gotta go pee O.o
The lamby cake has been sacrificed
Thanks for the stat Kay. Jerk.
Oh no! I haven't tried it myself yet, but I keep reading positive things about catnip oil repelling those bitey li'l critters.
Hey anyone who likes chocolate ranks high in my book! LOL
YES Giants. And Eli scrambled!
I like Richard Marshall of Carolina who is a player on the rise and a year younger than Washington
never imagined one could love a phone so much
Ripp'n up an acoustic set live on the radio!
Thanks to all participants in today's Mobile showcase! If you have questions about myCampus Mobile, email
I think I'm living in a state of irony.
U silly!
full. The car is doing great
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist. ~Oscar Wilde
don't forget!! prints & patterns 20% off today!! we open at 10am!! xo
Why do they boy put question marks at the end of their tweet?
thanks so much nina!!! :))
Follow Bro
It's so nice outside.. I can't believe I've wasted most of my day inside today!
#excused #itsatvshow live tweeting in CST. Pick the blonde skaky one!
really?!! I will totally take them--been dying to see new ballpark :)
Last day of school....Yahoo
Rain Rain go away, I want to spank the Yanks today.
Got a link? Would love to hear some new ish from dose nuckle heads.
Taco night isnt the same without
's username >
Nothing pisses me off more than seeing you during this period -_______-
Happy Mothers Day Ladies =)
May your house always be too small to hold all of your friends. Happy St. Patrick's! (I'll be having the Smithwick's)
Yeah my moms still making up her mind. If I don't get to go I'll spend the day crying!!
its cause your to cool walkin with your basketball guys and im just like oh man watch out lol
Don't forget to fill a sturdy bag w/ a few non-perishable food items and leave it out for your letter carrier - is tomorrow!
well just let me know. Your always welcomed.
The work you do "off the job" often times determines how far you will go in your career.
shout out to mee:D<U+2665>
well its in the nitherlands and my family owns it. I was just wondering lol
Enjoying the BEST that Indy has to offer !!!
You can't hide from me. I know what you look like...mwahahaha.
You're funny! I enjoyed your humor and insights last night.
Congrats you won a shirt! Follow us and we'll send you a direct message on how to claim your shirt.
off to Amman, Jordan!
Worse. Dance move for Might have blown out my ACL.
Yay for local repair centers! Not only do they have awesome cats, but they can do repairs within estimate, so not totaling of car!
if anyone was drunk it was probably you. And I recall meeting you when I was outside in the lounge area. Plus I drove to Mekka
Nice to meet everyone's acquaintance!
I hate tweeting quotes on here cuz I feel like a stereotypical girl but dammit that's a good one
I can't because of the giant thing between us that some call an ocean. I call it a dream crusher. :( x
Yeah, you should follow me! What other shows do you watch?
Thanks for the recent RT!
...And tomorrow night, we're having another F451 discussion for those interested in getting more outta the book.
LOL. That's a celebrity that said we could get married :P
if your bored right now, come to the channel and hang out! Its to hot to be in my room so I'm just hanging out down here haha
LOL! good luck with that!
can't wait for #BELIEVE I know it's gonna be amazing!
“An experience is much more powerful then a belief. I give people experiences" Love it-exactly how we're teaching music in NYC!
Every saint has a past every sinner has a future
I guess I don't mind the #Packers picking Worthy. Better go DB next round
Idk even what I just retweeted
Here's a link to the Marshmallow Experiment for anyone who's interested. Thx for RT! :)
Take your mind off your troubles.... free jazz (and coffee!) today 1-3PM at the Library with the Tony Costa Trio!
Henderson: #ESEA establishes a floor for accountability and states are welcome to exceed that.
why was i the only one who didnt feel the #earthquake?...that sucks bring another!! lol jk
okay :D
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there. Always cherish the time you have with you Mom. I miss mine every day. Love you Mom!
Word to the wise..never drink a whole monster on an empty stomach <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> ugh
dammit, you blew my cover.
yellow tulips buffeted white, north bank of the James River leafy tree tops dusted, March snow in Richmond
Thanks so much for the Sweet reTweet!
We do. And apples are veggies...mostly.
Applied Science with a specialization in Physical Therapy!
that should be a Go right??
Party Powders Amsterdam Laughing Gas Brazil | London, Uk » Best ...
- facetime with you >> <U+E418>
"If two people are meant to be together, eventually they'll find their way back."
good morning! :)
Just to be clear, and I are not related :)
please follow she is you biggest fan!35
We look forward to the Dedication of the Center for Science and the Arts at Brentwood Christian School on October 1st. Will you be there?
Unexpected day off tomorrow. Clients rescheduled for other times and I'm excited! Finally I can get other stuff done!
Check out
Got money? And you know it? Take it out yo pocket and put that shit str8 in the bank cuz lil wayne is irresponsible as fuck!
Really missing my beautiful wife!
I love you mommy more than anything, I honestly couldnt ask for a better family <3
Agreed. It was beautiful this morning!
trying to write some comments on whether historians consider born digital materials to be adequate sources. complicated!
Not in terms of reporters competing to see who's the biggest fan. Just you wait, you'll see I'm right one day.
I surprise myself all the time in my house. And every time I accidentally shoot myself in response.
i still get nerves from the barest hint of interpersonal tension, even when it is abt smthg stupid, I saw it coming, and prepped what to say
In other words, take risk.
No i feel bad. ima just take food
thank you for having us here!
Loving the new #Twitter integration in
How ridiculous is it when people don't look like their names? Gah.
yeah, i was surprised when i found it.lmao
I want to thank my mother for keeping me fed clothed and sheltered as a child.She was overprotective as hell,but now I understand.
Dallas does move the ball well, one of the best to do it in the league
YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH. I'm calling HB.
groupie love is the best kind
aw thanks Danube :)
Hey Nick! I have soccer playoffs tonight, but I'm injured so I might not play:( Wish us luck anyways?<33
Ik I only got 15 days of school left then im free for summer lol:)
RT : Some body text me<---text
Got a 76 on my chemistry final ... Shidd i still passed ! lol
hahah but I bet you really do be smashing I won't go past 90 what's your fastest mph?
In it the reader hears a single voice speaking clearly as a teacher to a disciple.
All links posted today will focus on the home based #smallbiz. All questions and comments are welcomed!
It's not quite that bad. I honestly think this students doesn't realize the implications of what s/he wrote.
Hello to one of our newest followers, ! Thanks for following and we look forward to reading!
Let's go Tigers
I wish you were here to celebrate some #smallvictories with me!v :) Enjoy your day off!
I don't want to study anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
#IntelWhatAboutMe :D i'm a gamer
Let em follow up
Trapped in this room for the next 3 hours folding t-shirts......
wahh Barbie Diamond Castle is a TT?! I Love this movie *__* <3
Well after Davenport you will be ready for Cedar Rapids, and then on to Des Moines...good luck my friend!
Shout out to my dad in Japan for working so hard to provide for his family. My future husband has got some BIG shoes to fill.
how come ur not in the new g.i joe
oh kniffens my aclab i see that everyday. that sucks ://
What happened?!
Yeah, I wish I could meet them lol and do a song with em :]
What goes around comes around!
“: Anyone want a S/O? (:”why not me cousin
Good luck! RT : Big day! #UMSymposium starts soon... #UMiami (@ Robert And Judi Prokop Newman Alumni Center)...
- let's see how many global RT's we can amass! TY,
well since I'm about 2200 miles away, and won't get to try a TOstick, can you tell me if the feel is like the x60??
My 3 year old niece just called me and said " coming to my party too." She cracks me up<U+2665> she calls him biebers<U+2665>
actually, gonna be setting up a band camp too. But yes, YouTube and soundcloud as well.
New Jersey (South)- need females to model swimsuits and lingerie. No nudity. Pay is 50 dollars/hr (Casting Code B3)
going to the mountains for a long weekend in t minus 15 minutes
Desperating can't wait to put my toes in the Pacific Ocean. Too long to be away from my coast. You can't take CA our of the girl!
Go go Sandra! Speak for ALL of us who use or need contraception at some point in our life! Healthy&planned pregnancies!
Jonah Hill is nominated for an Oscar, wow
Playing KZ3 dishing out my own brand of justice
its all about research and development lol
heading off on our big road trip soon, follow for the blow-by-blow
just gone done helping my mom with the garden
#AWESOME! RT : Yep, those r indeed #threewordstoliveby #justdoit. We'll be cheering u all the way to race day!
So what did everyone get??
love black jelly beans.
I was once cruel to a boyfriend by telling him the ending of Moby Dick, which he was currently reading. Writers are weird.
Sadly, yes, no more Seven. But it was totally cool while it lasted. Great memories with new friends, like you guys.
RT : Amazing party today! I am so glad I got some photos that really capture what genius you do:...
MT : - I'd pay money for video of or doing the dougie. [alternate revenue stream?]
Don Draper giving moral advice? What show am I even watching. #madmen... ?
yeah and then I have my own party outside...by myself...until like 4 or 5 in the morning...de pinga -_-
Conform ---> Perform: Before you can live at the edge...you must prove to your world that you can excel in the regular world!
ok I unfollowed, then followed again
Carry your own, hold your own, and stand on your own. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
I HATE BEING SICK!
I'll find it. The book is packed away. My dad has his copy though. Almost 80 and still a CAD guy!
Frank Robinson would've strung him up! RT : Lawrie suspended four games and fined undisclosed amount.
Dear Word: Tumblr, Mashable and Googling are all words that use and yes, you can add them to your dictionary.
Wait why am I staying after school tomorrow if he's not coming?
Yum! I hope you have some Viognier in there b/c they both do lovely ones.
": Man I need my hair done.."
I hate when chicks have to wear make -up to look pretty. That suck for them. im glad guys dont have to wear it lol
Close your eyes & create the hologram as perfectly as you can.Fill the holes with light,and change the darkness in the next hologram to lite
Looking forward to meeting this afternoon w/ !
So Santorum gets Iowa, Romney New Hampshire and the nets are calling South Carolina for Gingrich. Just keeps getting more interesting.
yeah this day will turn around for u in just a sec aimes123
Atta boy Dez! You got more to come bro
are in kidding? You need to contact me directly. I'll just let social media take care of
I'm good, thanks. Just becoming flabbergasted at some old files I'm finding on the server. Sorry about the car battery!
u didn't win me over yet but ur still in the fight for my vote.
#yes I am wats my peoples
love ya girl!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>BOOM *Rihanna Voice*
"I wanna run through the halls of my high school. I wanna scream at the top of my lungs."
Have you been to one of our tailgates? Only 3 left 10/15, 10/22, 10/29 in the Upper Georgia Ave parking lot. Music, Food, Drinks and fun
#1FactAboutMe im super dingy lmao but i love it
I had to leave class early b/c my cough got so bad!! Or was I just overcome by Brown Pride??
sugar free red bull is here
Are you idiot?
hell everyone :)
Together will unite the night with Latin jazz tunes.
rare for a Friday, but will be venturing out...where do I venture out to....
Omigosh you guys I just held the hedgehog (whose name is Dexter, btw) and fed him a mealworm!
wow... Harsh! Lol stay home and watch Bulls.
#oomf did me wrong. It's okay. I forgive you. But your crazy if you think I'm going to let you do it again.
Clipper vs Grizzlies on TNT: This is good basketball!!! S/N: I thought Billups was going to eventually come back this season...guess not!?!
Oh how easily, and completely one forgets the ghettofabulousness redneckishness of Huntsville
Hey, thanks for following my tweets...looking forward to following you too! See you in the morn at LOL!
Space Smokey walks into bar & says "Beer me! I've been in Space!" Bartender misheard & said, Bear you? You're already a bear.
Amazing how that happens. In general, I think work is way over rated. LOL. Cause of much undue stress.
I love your song Marilyn Monroe !(: And #BeezInTheTrapVideo was Amazing !(: You Looked Stunning ! <3
they're also talking about it getting late early already.
Love the fact all questions Starbucks in office get directed 2 me... Wondering if my Starbucks status is getting as godly as 's?
those cases are crazy
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. Winston Churchill
thanks man, I just try to represent my life as accurately as possible through all my tweets
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 18
Thanks for the #ffmuse! Bummer that we didn't end up meeting in MN :(
Dear WWF. You have no idea about what you write. Please take a wine class and a writing class. Your drivel is ridiculous!
another day, another apple.
Guys tears mean much more than a girls tears, but girls words mean much more than a guys word!!
FREE UNITY CONCERT WITH LIVE PERFORMANCE BY ZIG ZAG OF THE NB RIDAZ, DJ SHY AND DJ DARIO FROM POWER 98.3 FM WILL BE IN HE HOUZ MIXIN IT DOWN
Unibroue Terrible (Canadian Dark Ale) at Max's Taproom
srry i couldnt uplaod my wattpad story iamma tell u the truth i am in a friends house and my computer doesnrt work so iamma try to finnish..
I remember this episode
skype with my lil LA shorty it's been a minute
It looks very cool - thanks for sharing Steve
That would be hilarious lol
Last scene of the night...*happy dance* I'm delirious O_o I'm sleeping all the way up to our 3pm call time tomorrow.
Soon jibs, soon!! :)
Going public already?
Omg creeper alert!!! o.O
I just finished listening to Andrei Gavrilov on YouTube play the Prokofiev 3rd piano sonata. Gavrilov captures the music's real voice.
Found out today that I was nominated to be on the YWCA Racial Justice Committee! Super excited to get involved!
people stop bitching about your little senior awards. they're all just fun. just laugh be happy you got one
just had meetings in Newark, Harlem, Yonkers, and then Westchester County...miles away but might as well be a different planet...
HAHA! Yes please!
Relaxing the rest of the day... Why do we have school tomorrow?
I'm still dressing for yesterday's weather.
This is like when Tyson got out of prison to fight McNeely...if Tyson was a slightly retarded white guy.
i think so i remember seeing a commercial with Will Ferrelll saying he's hosting :o
Alright. Who from S. Carolina is paying the refs? A clear block in the back called off and a no way pass interference call. Unbelievable!
what version of I Like That is it you and dance to? Love the song, video and you two.
You bet! [RT]: brunch tomorrow, noon, Benelux?
What a Sunday ahead #MarchMadness and #walkingdead finale.
Is staff gum chewing acceptable in your practice? Fresh breath or ticking off patients... For me gum chewing is not professional.
TODAY at 2:30pm, "Glorifying the American Girl (1929)" the second film in our Hollywood's Rave Revues series!
two first rounders? seems like a lot to move up two spots.
Girls lacrosse: and are dominating offensively for Wilsonville but Sherwood staying close. Wildcats up 7-6 at half.
Wonder if Ags had that dream again last night: It's the 3rd quarter, they're naked, running real slow and get kicked by an orange cleat.
Why me, why??? Sigh (<U+02C7>_<U+02C7>)
So, so great.
The movie "A Serious Man" could just as easily be retitled "Job: The Motion Picture."
I'm out of skool at 12 u b ready by 1
Why do people think Deschanel is a great actress? Is it because she comes from money? Plenty of talented non-famous actresses
New Rush album coming soon. Hm, should I care?
Computer. Using Chrome. Haven't had a chance to suit back down to try something else (responding via phone now)
put me on to a good site yo
Is there a campfire to ircd bridge yet or a bitlbee plugin... seems like there must be.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 33
The only way a conservative can survive is through using social issues as a distraction and means of deception for achieving self gain
What's wrong with the sound???
We usually work 8:30-5 w/ an hour lunch. Summers we work 8-5 with a half hour lunch. So 8.5 hour days instead of 7.5
Not a good night. :'( someone text me I need a distraction.
A unified query in science would require a few major sciences. Physics, Chemistry into the life molecules. Lipids for instance. Structure.
At least I realized I miss cable before the NBA finals.
Anything worth having is worth working for, and you deserve to live fearless and free.”<U+2015>Terri Cole
Wife got her hairs cut. Looks snazzy.
Almost at 100 followers! Appreciate all the support! Getting set to film #webseries and we cant wait to get it to you!
Finished #thehungergames !such an amazing book!I can say the series will be the best books i will ever read! Going 2 read #catchingfire nxt
just put on the best show i've seen in a while. is the definition of amazing front man.
Thanks for the love!!!!
My bday is june 25 , & I needa plan a vay_Cay trip . A cruise sounds mad good.
So important for #nonprofit leaders to think of not just today, but tomorrow, when it comes to their plans for their orgs.
there are some sketchy people over here for sure. Maybe you should tell her to take that call outside!
You Know, I Hate My Profile Pic! I'll Eliminate It Forever!
gotta get Uecker on the radio
oops forgot to include you!
Try not having a phone for an entire year. Just try it.
Whoa. Life just got even crazier. Hard work pays off, never doubt that.
Awesome and THANK YOU!! RT : #SHOUTOUT Thanks for #following... taken you classes before and loved them!
Pure Inspiration! Now time to hit the gym again. Thanks Buddy!
Stove top mulled wine- sliced Braeburns, pumpkin spice, clove, Vanilla & honey
we both told you we were coming to my apartment hahahah you did this last night
Flirting is more fun with a British accent. "An Ideal Husband" callback complete!
YES! There you go! Monster Princess.
I am back and busy studying and playing the piano...Gmi scale
I can't believe we are opening up on Saturday!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I Hate One Direction
hate how the wind pushes my cupboard door
Love your site :) Nice and clean.
o I like that amen sir :))).
Great lunch with the family for mothers day :) cooked pasta a la corbanoara and made lemon ice cream for desert <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> successful mothers day<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
You know you accomplished something when her legs don't stop shaking after y'all had sex (;
Running on wet grass to work on balance and increase speed >
#EMAC students! If you are graduating in Fall, please make an appt with Julie to complete your graduation application. Due Sept. 1st!
Want to bring some to Millgate?
I wish I could "like" this tweet.
Welcome to warm Wednesday, Tucson! Biking Catalina +few mi up Mt. Lemmon. Steamy but always endorphin rush! Love these Catalina's.
Cross country skis today, snowshoes tomorrow!
We are excited to announce that we will be playing a show with you on Sep 8th at the Mint in LA :)
haha okay!! XD u know how to TA? do that pls so i know what's yours XD
Funny, that's what we said about the Pru last night. #BelieveRed RT NHL's most docile crowd to host Game 7.
Dammit. Yet again I've discovered my brilliant, revolutionary idea has already been done by someone else. Stupid preemptive copycats.
#FF She's legit the biggest sweetheart ever! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
“The important thing is not being afraid to take a chance. Remember, the greatest failure is to not try. Once you find something you love...
de la rosa right now, but chacin is on his heels....we will know by July
People freaking out over Facebook
Packers staying on defense in the 4th taking DT Mike Daniels at 132 and S Jerron McMillian at 133
Out this joint....Work tomorrow in the am too...but idc its saturday
Careful... don't want to be a leaf pinned to a chair.
Forgiveness is our command. Judgement is not.
Taking a drug test....man these always get my palms sweating
yeah i did i got home at 6 in da morning i was doin it live lol
ill reapply no prob. I got an idea for a better audition video
haha it looks so good i think im gonna see it tonight
Congratulations to member Chanel Celaya for booking "The Inbetweeners"!!
u don't use twitter lists? easy way to put people in different categories based on how i know them. don't :/ , it's a good thing
dear garden bar... please turn up the music that i just played on the jukebox
both of which LA have. and denver has neither.
I've got that eclipse set, and have seen 'A Colt Is My Passport'...and didn't realize it was Suzuki! May have to revisit it...
So glad the catering gig went well and is DONE. Just cakes for a while and perfecting my pasty recipe for farmers market......z
b**** you ain't got no life! And damn sure don't got now moves phahahah
she was mentioning she didn't get it. Message her on FB?
Men as well as animals do whatever makes them happy, differences lie in what makes them happy.
Congratulations Alissa Williams of Pekin Public Library in IL on winning a free pass to our virtual summit on ebooks !
the smell of passion tea >>>
"Assumptions and judgments are obstacles to communication with and between students." Session w/ M.Kelly, Murray HS
11 days till my birthday ! :))
Who does the design work for Newdigs? The site looks great!
Guy who makes $40 million a year yapping on the radio about what the average person cares about.
Your toe is so UGLY cats try to bury it at the beach.
Andy Reed has left CBSSports.com for Demand Media - I am going to miss those trips to the Masters.
RT If you agree that things are better if they glow in the dark.
Nothing like a good upper respiratory illness to distract you from any sort of end-of-grad-school-nostalgia-attacks. Too busy sneezing...
I did. I told you to see it and you said you've already saw it.
This is the first time in months where either the weather or being sick has made my ankle ache
i don't give a fuck if you don't love me, i don't give a fuck if you don't care.
RT : Learning how to get healthy should never be about deprivation. #HealthIsWealth <it's why most diet plans fail>
Can't get over HOW COMPLETELY AWESOME these Audio Technica ATH-M50 headphones are. It's like sex in your ear. Holy damn.
yeh for reals! I've always wanted to but never could.
I crouched down, and i tumbled. But I did not crumble. I got through all the pain. I didn't know my own strength
Yeah, the tourist thing would bug me... LOL
bottomline: HE doesn't need another doormat. If you're gonna get to 12, add an established program, or don't add one at all.
Been at work since 730am, I'm definitely going out tonight.
Your Customer service in store 1112 in SD was horrible. Mgmt was NOT willing to make issue right even with warranty
looking forward to jamming with the cats at The Baked Potato #studiocity 2nite
hi. any chance of a link to beta test Next? Thanks.
fuck u been up to doe bruh
damn son you just made me hungrier than i already was fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
That actually was the test. And you failed it.
(cc: ) So weird... Robin didn't tell you about her Europe trip???
Hey #jelena fans. Tweet us your favorite picture of Justin&Selena. We pick the cutest one and give the winner a huge shoutout! GO...!!
New Video: Steve Jobs may have lectured on "HOW" to live your life, this man (Bill Gates) has enabled millions to have a chance t
If you recently ordered from AS, your order has shipped! Thanks for shopping AS & I look forward to accessorizing you AGAIN soon
That's dirty. Perv.
What I don't understand is why it is so addicting!
One door closes and another opens :)
McRae takes the split decision! Great fight! #boxing -ms
My shopping list for after work: 1. wine 2. Non-drowsy Sudafed 3. white nail polish PARTY TIME!
met at #warehouse and #roxy on your bday reminding you about my event #MAY27th #PARTYRIOT look foward to working with you
I wanna be on Clay Aikens team!!
me, obviously!
Russell Branyan signs minor league deal with the Yankees
PDS punches it in with 22 secs left in first half to lead 10-7.
He is just an above average QB hailing from the ATX
“: I love NY.” it will always be home!
Don't allow a lack of money to be your excuse for a lack of progress. Wisdom is always available... even when money isn't.
Encountered annoying guy at LEX gate. It's 6:15 AM. He's waking up people with chirpy cell calls because he's bored.
All setup on Facebook. Get in on the ACTS...join us at www.facebook.com/BaltimoreACTS
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing
Treasuries got smoked again, with another huge uptick in intermediate-maturity yields.
The bidding for Expo 2017 is still open until 10 Dec 2011. So far, it's Belgium vs. Kazakhstan for the smaller 3-month "recognized" expo.
TONIGHT SHOW COMEDY :30! #Standup GOLD
I agree!! RT : There is only modern Sherlock for me Benedict Cumberbatch! Although this sounds...interesting.
Finished with week 2 of 3 for regional sales training.
This wind <
About to hit my first museum-related professional development event.
sorry to hear that man, it was great having you here
You wear nothing but you wear it so well...
delish for sure!!
Yess you are :-)
RT If Zimmerman is missing they need to send the Student Loan people to find him...If Sallie Mae cant find him... HE IS DEAD”<-LMAO!!
See Ol' Floppy Arms at Hamburger Mary's Attic on tuesday Nov. 2nd 7pm for a special #MidtermElection comedy show! www.democracyburlesque.com
haha if I can find a way there/home. I miss it soo much. Deff need to get there ASAP
did any of you wolfies notice that jackson was turning to a were wolf in the new episode YIKES
I,m loving my Tune bass!....very pure but strong sound!...I like!
would I be considered "too old" to be an intern? I'd do it in a heartbeat!
+ a bazillion “: Dear Telling me to follow Mike Tyson means your algorithm is way off.”
The Jam
yo Chris Bosh is playing like a bad mother fucker
It's a delicate procedure.
--> RT : #schoolmemories having sex in the teacher lounge during football camp
alright ill come find ya
we be sure to celebrate like you would if you were with us!
This is why I'm leaving Paulie in FL and moving to Cali. Evacuation.
Pulling an all nighter. Not really, but as close as I can get at this age...
I'm watching tv & the tv changes channels to record something that was set to record. It was #Rugrats. I'm excited but who the hell did it?
Special thanks to my most recent followers , , , and Hope you had a wonderful Easter holiday
How was game?
Thought for the Day: "I can, therefore I am." - Simone Weil
Would you rather throw your phone off a tall building or lick a car clean?
Hey, I dressed up..
thanks boss for that love
Let the Lord lead you. Get a copy of On Track to the Kingdom at online bookstores across the nation.
Shrimp Pasta >
Ah, nerd-trolling. "Beam me up Frodo" wd have been better RT : I like when Hans Solo says "beam me up, Chewie."
The animated movie Antz has a few curse words peppered in...surprised I didn't remember that
Please welcome rdqaf to the Max life
great choice on the hennepin. Ommengang makes great beer.
friend of yours?
gm eva and friends
Thanks-> for reaching out. My last visit was to Bahia. Definitely do not like Nega Maluca. Good to read ur take on it.
I can't wait! June 12th 's new album #Lookingformyself will be released. Yay!:-)
Guys in one room dancing? SWAG OVERLOAD.
I'm a walking [limping] ball of stress.
Isaiah 40:31 says we will "soar high on wings like eagles", not "barely get off the ground on wings like chickens".
Soon i will be free
It’s your #successes that define your right path. Listen to them and they’ll tell you what you’re good at. ~
Don't know why I've started watching the news btw everything on it gets me angry, hate the politicians, only care about themselves & money!!
hey whats up bitch
Deal! I've never been this ridiculous, but I'm voting like a mofo next week!
Fuji apples=bliss
hahahaha wait huh? What be goinnnn on
UGH Not feeling so good this morning. Drinking lots of OJ and getting plenty of Chicken Noodle soup. Maybe it will help psychologically. LOL
After driving around Meridian, MS for an hr following the show I can say there are ONLY 2 spots open: Waffle House & wendys
If you can't fly then run,if you can't run then walk,if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward MLKjr
word....that logic is the move! n pro tools i mess with that too, and i dont really collab with producers often
Another reason why I love having MLB TV: Being able to see no-hitters.
Tony Romo is not a Top 5 quarterback.
True, it may. Sometimes u have 2 give up some of ur certainty & let what happens just be. I have many novels to my name, so I know.
my hangovers last all day, nightmare
I've seen a few more episodes of Seinfeld, but never really cared for it. Cheers could be my all-time favorite.
Not pleased with the apps that compete for audio control
Rolling along, come to a DUI checkpoint. They wave us through!!
Looking forward to doing this mornings show with Nick and Kelly.
looks great.
Whenever it thunders over Joplin. Pray for the kids here.
Gamsa n.n
I feel so out of tweet.
Here + Now 20 Twelve begins!
Do you have your 80's mix cd ready for tomorrow? ;-) Have a Happy Thanksgiving!
and I got ripshit and podcasted the hell outta this evening. Don't judge. Empathize. This is important stuff.
Planning is underway for a beer event. Stay tuned, effeminate lemmings.
My spring break is pretty much over...back to school tomorrow
the real question is are you a shiva blaster?
I'm pretty sure following doesn't count as building my professional network, but he makes me laugh!
why not? Booyah
Heading out to WP24 for a media tasting. Eat Tweets to come!
I love it asked me if has cheap tickets for tomorrows game. Ticket agencies you can give the fans
Reflections and memories are one thing; trying to relive the 1990s is just creepy.
Watching my youngest brother graduate college right now. Taking bets on whether mom's gonna cry.
Ha! Oh so very true!
Stricker got hot from the free throw line. Nice call
at the crib-o lol
On the Kindle store, there is no free version of the Torah, the book of Judaism. Now I find that absolutely ironic and hilarious.
I don't have any more info yet...I will update when I hear though!!
loosing something, buying a new one..and then finding it<<<
Thanks everyone who came out to see us last night at REI! What did you think?! Are you signing up today?!
If someone could bring to my house, that'd be splendid! Sweet dreams.
Big games for #Duke and #Pens tonight! #channellast on commercial breaks
Got a Real important meeting tomorrow Can't wait to see what the day is gonna bring :))
fair enough. love you, too. sometimes. ;)
Google indexing FB wall comments now? So basically nothing is safe from aggressive SEOs ("G+"/"like" peddlers I'm talking to you)
that should be fine! We can go to my aunts pool
Just submitted my Application! Crossing Fingers!
Want a custom Twitter Background like our Pro Athletes? Follow & RT to be eligible to win one today! Your team, your face or your company.
Coronado has some great spots to catch #AmericasCup race!
Nah, I think the compound is somewhere around the Saltlick. That's where I always picture it, anyway.
Have you ever been ? They make spiked milkshakes!
Minnetonka Senator Terri Bonoff calls Vikings an important tradition worth saving, which is why she took part in working group.
take the amtrak!
I guess the Hockey Gods must be saying that Zajac shouldn't have gotten a penalty.
July 9, Come see Bonnie Leick read and sign her book "Goodnight Little Monster" at the Plaid Tuba/Mandel Studio from 2-5pm. 120 N. Broadway
hey nothing wbu ???
I can't lie no more, I can't hide no more; got to be true to myselff.
Great place is Manley Irish Mutt @ 10th and Shadeland. They have both good drinks and food. Can't go wrong. Non- Smoking.
Just updated band photos on www.thefunsize.com so now appears. ("About" page WIP) Site got out of date quick - work to do
#newspaces4learning Good Point, I am more willing to share and try now that I know the Summit group a bit.
cool, i need to send or give you the other volumes. hope you like em.
I may be the only person over 21 years of age who's #CincoDeMayo plans do not involve alcohol. And I'm fine with that. #AboveTheInfluence <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
His (Drew Forrester) reporting is the reason I listen to him every morning. Good sense of humor AND knows his shit. Follow
Sam's on set today?! Go Sam!!
I called a lent audible. As long as we I don't drink soda I'm good.
I hate when people go by the rules -__-
We just passed 5,000! Thank you everyone who made this possible.
That's great. Good luck withe the campaign!
Mean bacon
The Zeller Affect
HEALTHCARE-Are there any restrictions, uncovered treatments or additional expenses? 1/15 ?'s you ask when buying ins www.theprofittrap.com
GAH why can't I get my life together?
Thanks for the follow!
"she caught him looking right at her and sucked on a lollipop." yup! thats what i do
You gotta love testing week ._.
better now then anytime next 3 weeks. We had open looks but they didn't fall. We got our 2010WV game outta our system early
you were amazing on the voice! when you came on I started screaming and got yelled at by my mom but it was worth it!!
“: nice tat”thanks
i mean the pistons :P and he was
so proud of my sister, . I knew you could do it! Congratulations on becoming a Roanoke County Police Officer!
Your mom is on Facebook and she is my friend.
If the NBA had any conscience they would give Charlotte the first pick..in fact the first 2.. in the upcoming draft.
My #FridayReads is the most recent Charlaine Harris/ Sookie Stackhouse novel..what? It's summer.
Question, I just ordered the Flip. Can I some how save the applications I have purchased to put on this phone?
Norwegian black metal is sick.
looking out last day bags stressing out!!! x
"Do you do squats in your boat shoes?" - about the nice butted man at the atm.
xlick been a min since i went on a date... lol wat shud i talk about
thank you for all your support this weekend!
just blinked.
okay we need to plan it well because remember my birthday and joannie's will be around that time! Are you still coming on the 5th?
A client may receive money from a factor for a lending fee against their inventory or their outstanding accounts receivables.
#ARTISTS you shouldn't have to do the business and make the music! You shouldn't have to wear so many hats
#MaraMonday Not going to sleep till you notice me! (:
Dumb foul
Not having an iPhone (yet), means that so far the WWDC is kinda dull.
Thanks! I def want 2 borrow it ;) & I'm good :) How r u?
NATIONAL CHAMPS!!
Im tired of that Motivation song its so repetative
Great start indians.
I smile, but I'm not happy.
Thank you for the follow.
Quite pleased that our world is a little less evil tonight.
Shopping, eating, eyebrow threading, squirrel watching, trashy magazine reading. Day well spent.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way. -Wayne Dyer
Hopefully your relationship with the sunrise is deeper than your relationship with alarm clocks.
I need SOMEBODY to talk to about this.
Hey now, you're the best and you know it.
My first year hanging up outdoor xmas lights. Confused. Half of one strand once its up the tree is not working and another half blinking. :/
Many users know enough to want a few librarians in house, but I see it as a public issue between CPL and AFSCME and Rahm.
5 Free Lifetime Listings,,, www.just-plug-in.com
long time no see :) can you fit us in tomorrow, corner table for 3 around 8pm?
If you are interested, email us at or call us at 773-340-4006 Ext. 101
Great work ! RT: October is National Breast Cancer PREVENTION month. Get active + educate urself on early detection. Always celebrat...
You may be fresh but I'm Ripe!!!
did you hear the cranberries tiny desk concert? It's really good
Youk to the DL.....The Red Sox can't catch a break.
Labrador Retriever Adopts Duckling A duckling, whose mother was mauled to death by a fox, has been adopted by Fred, a Labrador retriever.
I did get chased down by a bee.
Finished assignments including extra credit
Correction , thought think you made a Central Pennsylvanians night.
Way to beat the Badgers, Spartans!! Michigan vs OSU next.
the TEXAS A&M was track was a great experience, pictures and video coming soon "we make history"
"Let them hate as long as they fear" -Tiberius
Are you sourcing local foods for your Thanksgiving feast? If so, what are you getting and from where? Please share!
