I think I might have to read that. damn dude, my writer hasn't responded to my email and I'm stuck with the art. D:
I wonder if feels stupid now that she realizes Suzie effed up
take the train next time
thanks for the shout out!
where are you from?Do you have any skate videos? We may just be able to work something out. Looking for skaters to sponsor.
I need a fresh ass cut today. I might hit Willow Brook Mall too.
"me and are jamming out to some :):) #looooveitt" that's what's up!!
#rbs11 Jonathan Larson (Rent playwright) papers at LC: emulation of his disks revealed edits in his writings, including in Rent. Nice.
: Hanging at The Marvel Bar with & Brilliant cocktails found. #aam2012 (This is what we're missing!)
Got done at the gym time for some writing.be sure to get a shirt b4 theyre gone!
I think this outline for book #2 is melting my brain.
Fri nights at the Palace in Stallis!! (Knights of Columbus) Funky Dino and Lord Albert! One night only! (till next month)
LMFAO. RT : alot of jerry talk today. haha. my fans are wild.
Good afternoon, everybody, just back from brunch with my dad and stepmom. Very nice indeed! Happy Easter to you all too!
i haven't creeped 's twitter page in a while lolololololol
males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait
Are u trying to be delivered or discret?If you want to be delivered you need to expose the problem.Being discret can only delay the victory.
Enter on the way of training while the spirits in youth are still pliable.
Easter Break!!
OK, musician status probably downgraded: got my hair cut!!
that's easy, just always have pizza. Ha.
as I sit here at this awards show, I'm reminded of how my last day with you was my first day with
Can't go to see on the 22 bc of my brother's wedding, but my mom can buy me tickets to the Phillies game for the same day?
"If it bleeds, it leads." filled w/huge pix of #MayDay violence; nothing re hours of PEACEFUL protest.
#nf sexy ass #TEAMFOLLOWBACK she's a
#BrianWesbury to #LPR2011 - when a plane crashes -- does anyone question Bernoulli? NO! Capitalism is like fluid dynamics, it works.
So much for the new overtime rules. No Super Bowl rematch this year at least. Go #Packers!
Just made the baby a bottle. I sure do love that baby o' mine.
Vintage Craig Counsell
10 minutes into Allman Bros' Jessica and it's not even half over.
I have a #brandcrush on Great service with every order.
#NYRangers vs. #Caps, #NYMets vs #Phillies, #NYKnicks vs #Heat and #Yankees vs #TampaBay - big NY sports fans evening on tap!
And we-never-landed-on-the-moon Carl.
your dual credit things haha a packet
Would you guys follow for me? :) She's awesome. If you like my tweets, you'll like hers.
Having a great conversation with social media strategist She's doing awesome work.
- no ma'am apt indeed lol
Today we roast weenies y partake in fiesta-ing..what's the over/under on b boys shirts in the crowd and tributes on stage?
iLove Twitter :D
Thank you for following me - I look forward to your tweets!
The most beautiful-est thinkg abt the trip? The Savages have NO CLUE they are going.
Horrible sinus headache was abated by an afternoon nap and ibuprofen. Went to Hessler Street Fair meeting. Ate some soup at bac. Long day.
I really love video gonna love u.. It has a great message to all the fathers out there taking care of their children
Came back home from demon monkeys in Taiwan
Jimmy who? There was someone else on the screen? ;)
In Enchede Netherlands
easier to label than point out the exact error in my reasoning...do the heavy. Lifting and point out the error if I made one
thanks for the follow!(:
Sports: The Bears Sign Julius Peppers and Chester Taylor!!! Holy Crap!!! Am I Awake This Morning Or Am I Still Dreaming??? Unbelievable!!!
Who will chef the Boyardees?
U know where to find us...
Every time I use an airport restroom, I consciously keep a narrow stance.
Happy Sunday everyone!
"There's no way out till you let me in."
If OWS wants Facebook to be owned by the users, why don't they create a site like Facebook and give it to the users?
F#ck them outsiders
Good catch.
And if you have a problem with my last tweet, then that's your own fault. You know who you are, if you were involved with any of that crap.
so god
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Johnson & Johnson Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
btw I air-guitared, lip-synched, and did my own wave when you played here. Stop draggin was a true highlight. TY
I'm so tan! I love you sun<3
Swimming with sharks
I will now, thanks for the reminder (: RT: : Have u voted for yet its to get them on warped tour! htt ...
Michele Bachman just received her Swiss citizenship. Yes, Tea-party 'patriots', this happened! Seriously.
If you don't use it I DEFINITELY will...nobody loves a good rape joke like I do.
The plainer the dress, the greater luster does beauty appear
Classic cardiac Ohio finish - and this is just the first game of the Big Ten tourney...
M! Diet Dr. Pepper! My favorite!
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW UNPRODUCTIVE IT IS TO FALL IN AND OUT OF YOU AS OFTEN AS I DO!!!1!
#Libra are best w a partner @ their side & will always be assessing the relationship. Put their mind @ ease w beautiful surroundings & music
Lakers won we will see yall tomorrow
Emergency Depends alert!! LOL!
Looks like a bumble bee springer
hahaha. yeah.. the only reason i'm still on fb is because a) majority of my friends are still on fb. B) poke wars..
Glad to see you are up and at'em,, gonna be as the Beatles are singing, a Good Day Sunshine... weekend looks wet,, walker
Perfect day for a gambol!
HIGH FIVE.
When my dad starts singing Call Me Maybe with me > ...i have taught him well.
I would text you, but I don't want to annoy you.
I giggle every time Living Social sends me an email about facials.
ugh mane this movie im watching is something else im taking break im getting on oovoo
lucky ass lol
i'm hungry.
rock chalk jayhawk!
RT : Love is deaf. You can't just tell someone you love them. You have to show it.
Soundcard ? lol, i record my music in studios, this summer im actually heading up to boston to record at time bombs studios
Don't forget to rinse after you brine! Let's us now how it works out!
oh i better watch out my sister said she can hire someone to kill me.
Tuesday: All unsigned talent report to Club Pyramid, NYC @ 8P. Be prepared to start 2012 the right way, performing 2 of your best songs! $15
for how long ?!
Just discovered is responsible for the "Ask a Grown Man" videos. Too bad Seventeen never had that feature when I was growing up.
I am loving the #RogerHowarth and scenes.
I am a real estate broker in Manhattan. Do you like to see the info of that kind townhouses in Manhattan?
The United States Customs and Border Protection agency is responsible for arresting individuals who attempt to illegally enter the U.S.
Sunny days are gonna come for you
This Laker game is too crazy!!!
nice ! That helpful. !
yay!!:) <3 are Freddie and Sam gonna date this season?(:
Loving my new Honda Odyssey!!!
Go insane. Go insane. Throw some glitter, make it rain.
Listening to "Buidling a Cause-Passionate Army" by
i want the sun to come outt :)
#sfgiants #freezing yes- wearing hoodie & long sleeve shirt & t-shirt & huge big heavy fleece
Junior Seau found dead in his home. Suicide. Wow.
I HATE THE COPS!!! IDGAF I WANNA GO HOME FOR ONE HOUR BUT I HAVE TO STAY WITH MY GRANDPARENTS!! UGH STUPID CPS LAWS
Let's go Badgers! Bring it home Bucky!
Dubai awaits me!
refreshing you tweets every second for the link :) x
“: Looking for a good tat artist person thingy lol... Who's good in Indy?” -tat artist person thingy..ha!
This party has whole bunch of Justin Bieber crap ~.~
I will get that.
I love how my orthodontist & my family are so close, we go way back! Lbvs
This holds true with the Cardinals getting screwed against KC in the WS. Hard enough to win once, let alone a G7 as well.
Sometimes you've got to set your pride aside.
FEAR = Face Everything and Recover!
- Thank you for following!
you're welcome!
I mean, I'm just tryna get out there....
if they're anything like the people I have recently interviewed... ;)
Get your picture taken with our Bieber cutout tomorrow from 6-6:30 around the fountain at the Rose Quarter! Each pic gets a chance to win it
I've been playing the new Mortal Kombat A LOT lately.
Do it!
- thx for the shout out re our Karaoke app. Would love to hear what you think about it
hope to see you Thursday at west canada!
i didn't think you were serious!
He does look cute in there. It is probably the weather.
wait, I just turned on ABC to watch #Scandal & saw the end of #Greys. HOLY SHIT!
I hope you were able to do something fun!
Kennedy Byxbee with a nice 2B to left center but is stranded; 5 LOB for Cavaliers thru 4 innings. Still 2-0 GT.
Like my status if you like peeenisssss
Hey do you know why I can't get a photo to show up on my article on the front page?
Is it Mr. Steve Jobs?
basically you get klout, you give klout, your score goes up, and people notice and follow you. would you like some klout?
happy monday! i wonder if is willing to trade plumbing services for hot doughnuts m....
I have cashed 17 out of 21 tickets in the #NBA playoffs, I have another winner tonight get on the list
Shout out to my new follower , he's fine as fuck lol
Going shopping for shorts and new TOMS today :)
I'm surrounded with Bears...lol
I want some lemonade.
Is West Virginia trying to give the game to Clemson, they did have a 12 point lead
mental debacle
Not officially, but yes
awesome meetin ya! Fantastic designs Chad
Get your Breakfast Panini! Veggie, or Italian Sausage, or Bacon with egg, cheese & aioli.
good luck man beast up WPS 479 real talk bro
Instead of screaming i said hello lol
Hey attendees some of our speaker's decks will be posted online, as well as video of their talk. Stay tuned!
we have never been there where is it? :)
LOL getting mad the machine
Lunch with my momma is always interesting (:
I'll get to see your wonderful face everyday!
Is visiting Arrowhead.
Less money in the hands of billionaires, much more for those who make them rich.
agree...btw, I hope this wasn't directed at me... ;)
Psyched! Engaged by Smithsonian to lead Aug 8 panel (@ Kennedy Ctr) w/ CANDIDO - legendary conguero (part of Apollo Theater exhibit)!
lets talk vince young pulling a tebow in buffalo
hahhahah. i hope he does =]
I'm so confused, but I'll give this a shot- BASHH is a monthly happy hour in Austin for people that hate networking events :)
that mix tape goes in !
JUSTIN BIEBER ON EVERY ATL RADIO STATION Q100 interview.. 105.7 talking about the album and preformance last night.. BIEBER DAYY
I never knew what I was going to do with all of this effluvia and ephermera. Now I do. Sam.
What a wonderful caricature of intimacy.
I'll fight you for her! :-)
Today's Special: Pastrami Rachel Sandwich: House made Pastrami, Cole Slaw, Pickled Onions, Muenster Cheese, and Mustard on Grilled Rye.
how about a non-jeans type situation. ideally, those exact jeans, but in slacks form?
Lmaooo RT : Why do you guys hate the Lakers? Are they to blame for most of you having deadbeat fathers?
"Watch your head Shane!!"
Only if Colletti was the Pirates GM.
Our 8 month old daughter can now pull herself up and stand. Wow. Time to child-proof the house.
Awww, shucks. You make a boy blush!
I have all theses colors and no coloring book
Please follow >>>
i love fall, dressing warmer, change of seasons.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! Z
Some folks are some big ass Philosophers on Twitter & Facebook but look dumb as hell & b quiet AF in real time
Refresh your home with Scentsy’s #wickless candles. Simply break off portions of your favorite Scentsy Bars and add them to a warmer! #EASY!
RT : Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney have combined into a Frankenstein creature named Nitt Romgrich. It cries coconut milk....
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!! 2
no problem:)
True evaluations need to know the criteria on which to base the evaluation - beyond the objectives in the manual.
Funniest tweet ever.
Key to the heart-The key to your heart lies on the ground. The key to your heart has now been found.
Ugh, every time I hear the word "cancer" I just cringe!
tnx for following me! followed you back.
egad - Vicky Carr too - that's right!!
A fine noise of riven things./ Build there some thick chord of wonder;/ Then, for every passion's sake, Beat upon it till it break. -L.Bogan
Oh and one more thing before I go ! I love ALL my fans, i just can't notice everybody that's why i'm doing this whole new twitter thing.
There are few things more important than tempo control (in favor of your team's strengths).
How do you feel about the economic growth in Peru as of the past 2 years?
Lemme know how it goes - I can def help you- kinda busy but after March 1 I'll have more time. STILL laughing about the mucinex!
but you can't date your teacher!!
yo where y'all at
When you get brushed off <<<<<
“: Lawrence tonight national fuckin championship! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0093>” except that 5-0 they don't give fuck they will drink to
Maan if i see one more iphone today smh swear those things are everywhere!!
something indi ish. guitar driven, fun not sad.
i love laced tights i'm bout to buy a whole hoopla of them!
Thanks Matt!
Only on camera only on camera. Lies!! RT : Nigga u eat butt too ": You dont want to drink after him. He eat butt."
I'm tired haha and will anyone give me a shout out
Mane this pack so strong smh lol
I hate you
am I the only one that is completely disgusted by this liberal insanity?
Drove by 's Woodward Window, made me smile :)
There is no definitive proof either way, says my friend, but there is more compelling evidence against free will than in favor of it.
#Reality.. you are relevant to others when you are beneficial to others.. You are relevant to God regardless...Just #believe in him.
“ a cotton ball soaked in white vinegar to a fresh bruise can help reduce the darkness." you need this..” hahha totally bruise machine . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
i ain't attacking you. that's a crazy tweet. i'm just calling your BS movement for what it is --- BS
Mobile brands take note, guests "over-index in mobile” & “Mobile is no longer just a marketing tactic, it is a way of life"
We must learn from the mistakes of others, so that we don't make them same mistakes ourselves.
finished giving payments.. headed to go buy groceries
Dear team, we need a deploy/ship it/tag & bag theme song for sure. cc /
Now I Can Relax
I think you're right. I'll probably just start using it to aggregate visual material already out there.
It's the weekend! Time to put down the mouse, turn off the computer and go outside. See you all Monday. Enjoy!
hm I don't trust you lol
Tweet Poll: "There is no mobile web." Koan or cantankerous?
me and my cousin sarrah act so stupid
YES! I would love to see more work from her. I think she's super-creative & funny.
Woke up at 2..
great draft now its a dream team !!!
i just threw up, because it is so damn hot in Nevada
Great #hcil BB comment from about the ways in which most automated "social" tools are not always proactive. (Recommender sys?)
*buying stuff at the store* Cashier: "Are you buying all these?" :) … Me: "NO, I'm just going to shove them up my ass"
Make #MotherMonster a Trend.
Andrea Kates is soo b4 her time in intellect & business models! Love her brain
What has been your favorite part of the meeting so far?
your point? that old team has 1 more ring than your "athletic" team.
one last thing though!
So, in sum: #dcdrinkup, January 18, 6:30 pm at King Street Blues Crystal City, 9:00 pm karaoke at the Skydome Lounge.
Get out to to see tonight! #Chillwave music and special guests Lemonade and Silent Diane. Show starts at 9
Its a joke form a show she was on! Read the article Mr. Trump! Why the personal hatred of the Obamas'?
OMFG YOU LUCKYY FOTHER MUCKER!. STALK HIM, MEET HIM,& TELL HIM I SAID HI.
I'm loving this weather.
Remembering all of the moms who need our compassionate help.
Good morning all. Hope you are having a spectacular morning.
ow! I hope they stop hurting!
Larger studios are branching off into smaller companies to reproduce the indie feel. But they don't get it. -
ok i will when i put q to bed
Let me get this straight, Battlefield 3 has nightly outages?
Starting my hard core diet 2marrow. Need to loose 20lbs in 3 months.. Hard work and determination=success. focused. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Worth the drive. Just saying...
I say no. Then again, I didn't take ConocoPhillips when that spun off from DuPont. Cause oil wasn't going up.
I almost died when I saw it. Haha
thanks to the organizers against crime and commons.
He said that about 400 times during that segment
Taco time $4.50 all you can eat.
Do not skip breakfast! Those who eat breakfast are fitter, lose more weight and maintain that weight loss than those who do not.
Walking the streets of chelsea thinking " Isn't this the perfect place to create a startup". I love New York! ... City that is!
twitter should add a like button for comments
If Blood Secrets by Rod Englert is as interesting as his presentation, it's a book worth reading.
I nearly died.
o.m.g. RT : for those asking yes their is a ticket in some of the #UnderTheMistletoe albums to come meet me on NEW YEARS EVE!!
ol gay ass nigga
Im so thankful to have my Mom! I can always count on! #loveyoumomma #mommylittlegirl #HappyMothersDay #bestmomever <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F><U+270C>
Dallas knew he didn't want to be their, it was their stupidity to do the deal Charles Barkley shutup
They call me Mr.MakeYouCatchaSmile ;D
how was the audition ?
Just slid down a slide.. Forgot it was raining before
Hey hey! I got bored so I thought I would chat with ya'll! How's it goin??
thanks you to!
ha! “: 5 minutes on the balcony for all of you.”
I give up.
your fans seem to really dislike you...
- working hard for them extra credit points, aren't you?!! ;-) good luck tomorrow!
Not gonna let my shithead of parents ruin Lion King on broadway for me, such assholes
just peed on the floor, shez a nasty azz.
Get to help plan my aunts wedding yayy no
Wish I was getting my Insanity on but this girl is at an audition on this fine Saturday morning! :)
Oh, the contract was never approved. The lawyers couldn't agree, but thanks
Kick my ass into gear! Love is my adderall.
1. Digital Consumers: goo.gl/Z9ht2
we had a part to play in all 3 goals - not that they weren't well taken, but we helped each time
Would you rather be convicted by the Spirit now, or judged by God later?
,they are content with just 1 i am guessing
Man. If Young woulda hit that one...
This shit is getting old. So fucking old.
Damn you netflix - you are too addictive with all your wonderful teen dramas ready to stream!
I listened to it on the way to work today. It makes it a new song in my opinion. Its a weird style clash but works really well.
WTH!! You gon have to put a rush on that. Thanks
August 20th to Cannon Coffee in Brookline!
great event and great meeting you ! Prost!
im bored in english girl
Just registered for #ala12--my first one ever! Can someone give me a library job now?
Yes, I just ate ice cream for lunch but when it's it doesn't count because it is so crazy good. Sea salt w/ caramel ribbons.
In VA today and shopped at Potomac West Interiors & Antiques and it's sister store Mor Too Shabby Antiques & Consignments. Coming back soon!
lots to do today!!!
Spring break is coming up, its the perfect time to schedule your senior photo shoot! Contact us for details!
I am the best in the world at what I do.
hey y ppl s put up a pix of themselves other than what they l@ like?
John Lagustina IPA Drafts just $2 and Live Music after 8:30 with Bring your guitar and jam with us.
Who still needs tickets to our June 11 show with ?!
Ladies and Gentlemen, may I present to you my fan page, where I shall post all work related news FIRST! So please "LIKE" It ! XO J...
where i am its kinda cold :(
Money house blessings!
Pahaha I thought it was lovely
It's the end of Jan and it's suppose to be 70 today, I'll take that
Sorry for the late response! Free delivery from Typhoon with coupon code NOV2011! Yum yum!
So close to 300 followers - today has to be the day! Let's make it happen!
Favorite self control litmus test: ratio of "good purchase" to "<U+0CA0>_<U+0CA0>" when looking at a week old Costco Receipt
Is Usher sporting a mohawk?
Ok just watch. I said we were gonna come back b/c of Kobe the last time we played the Thunder and look what happened
absolutly. Battle royal is 1000x better. Hunger games is the watered down walmat ver.of this film/book. Book was banned in japan
The Umpress household is rockin' it this morning!
Deff gonna sleep when i get home ...
I miss you more! I'm very excited to see you tomorrow! <3
Christinaleona.com check me out!!!
Been standing in line for two hours for these preds tickets.
its ok if haters follow you cauz they are ur fans..
love it
#ChuckNorris counted to infinity...Twice.
Grand Opening Event Tonight: !
WEEEEEERERRRKKKKKKKK!!!! Omg!!!! This pic is epic!
With chopsticks? RT : Just snatched a moth out of midair. And they say #wine impairs reflexes?
Movies with my mommy. Yay. :)
haha. yeah, my "friend" keep dropping his pants at Safeco. What's a "guy" to do!?!?!?
assume he meant "in a full season league."
RT How come I didn't even know they trying to stop cigar sales in
Thanks To My Parents, My friend Can't See Breaking Dawn With Me -__- I wanna cry
in the rio grand you mean :b
DC buses > DC metro.
Found you hiding out in the moshpit at #etgaga - you shouldn't have been crowd surfing so violently.
And Happy Passover to you too my friend!
Its my biggest pet peeve and I have anxiety problems lol
“: If you wear crocs I'll assume you never have and never will get laid” or if your wear sandles w/ socks
thanks, lady. i look forward to my next post, too! blogging is hard when you're as lazy as i am.
Girl next door.. Great soundtrack.. Great movie
Waking up at 6 am every day this week lol time to make some money
I will tell them everything.
I bet there are some in the bush administration who think when they get to your site, "ah-ha! we have finally found the WMDS!"
MT LA Times Book Prize congrats to & super-editor
love ya more.<U+2665>
Will the rift btwen the USL & TOA help lower div soccer in the USA? (I don't think so) - any thoughts?
RT: Well, the #Penguins just couldn't do it. Too big of a hole to climb out of. #gopreds #imsosad// Me too, my Love. I wish ou ...
Omg! WILD night! Miss u too! #RandomFlashBack to wedding reception u, me & the music puttin on a show to Imma Be.
And a special welcome back to alumna Mary Louise Kelly
that packet makes no sense
Cat hair on a cocktail dress. *sigh*
Working on myself new clothing line...it is totally different than my suiting. It is called FAITH CULTURE more to come.
Did you know that in 2010 Romney made $21.7 million, while in 2010 the average senior citizen received $14,000 in Social Security benefits?
feeling super violent today! need to go boxing in lieu of punching someone on the street in the face! ah #Rawr!
Gud morning creeps
don't worry, the only girls who come that nice that can get me that hype you see once in a lifetime and that was my once. Lol
What omg did follow us without us asking ? I'm dying. I love Nate.
But hey at least I will get more exercise walking to places
Yes I'm buying a #ShakeWeight, as seen on TV. Hopefully this gets the reception it deserves when opened at the party! :)
I hate when I crave Jerk Chicken sandwiches after hours! How about you?
really? I use to say the same thing. Not anymore!
just booked my first personal training appointment for monday with thanks for referring me!
good for you, enjoying someone elses AC ...
RT : Looking at what's happening in #Libya and compared to #Qaddafi, I'm actually thankful we had #Mubarak as a dictator.
Make it a '2 cup' morning!
Feel pretty beaten after today's running training. Love it!!
": Listening to Matt Pond PA thanks to " you're welcome! But could you take the Jack Johnson out of the equation?
that's good. Im a chelsea fan!
Vincente Fox then Pitbull. What a lineup at Hispanic Retail 360.
Chat support is very popular with students & faculty.
Do you mind telling me that i'm looking for a co-owner? :)
So fuckin glad its Friday!! It would be really fuckin awesome if you all put us in you #FF's! Thanks guys.
Mitt Romney is Pinocchio... or just a rich asshole who can't seem to tell the truth, ever. Oh yeah, & stop smacking your damn lips weirdo
thanks! How r u?
thank u!
every time the virtual firewood cracks I go to shield my face. It's tripping me out!
I am really disappointed in your printer. First it quits scanning, now the half-full cartridge is malfunctioning. REALLY???
Jets Packers baby!
Sheldon is my favorite.
c'mon everybody only 11 more Likes to go!!! #150 gets a FREE loaf of bread!!
RT : Caps Pens matchup is a gift for the NHL and sponsors, how will brands take advantage?
finally got the follow by seen her rock a few shows. she is by far the best FEMALE MC i have heard in TUCTOWN.
Hi Rich! Don't forget to follow Arthur ! :) !
hubby jus went and got me meds and my mommy is bringing me my fav..lemon rice soup..lol I hope u enjoy relaxin;)<3
Right on !!!! What are u training today
Prescriptive training may consist of instructions, criteria, or conditions of evaluation.~D
Oh no. What happened today?
Tell them lame niggas be quiet.
haha, U know I would never :)
today starts our BROADWAY weekend. two shows in 24 hours.
Definitely not me.
are you available/interested to present on Drupal at MATC Oak Creek again on Thurs. 11/10 :30pm?
Not sure if I should get up right now and start making dinner....nah, I think I will wait
Market Street Sound completed ADR work on the upcoming Jake Gyllenhaal movie, "Love and Other Drugs".
SO JEALOUS.
#90sinsults "Boy's go to Jupiter to get more stupider." ;D
Hahaha love my friend
Making a difference 1 #follow at a time, $50 per 500 new twitter friends to by easter! We can make it happen! FOLLOW ME!
RT : RT : HOWARD VS SCSU TOMORROW 1PM GREENE STADIUM. COME OUT TO SUPPORT OUR BISON FOOTBALL TEAM!!!
must... have... #sanctuary !! please please please renew !!
is at The Plaza. Places. tagged: All night diddlin'
lol at how couples on Facebook make statuses a about each other. gtfo with that shit.
I hope the meter maid feels bad about giving me that ticket or at least bloated.
well, they may have given him lobster first. they probably gave him lobster first.
Had lunch at the Villa with Mom. Unfortunately we also sat with marine guy. Said he hasn't had company for lunch for a long time. I get it.
I TODAY IS STUDIO! like always #TEAMJUMP its almost done 25 songs all on one project
im sorry i wasnt fun... and also i prefer corndogs over wieners
Twitter Litterer [twit-er lit-er-er] -noun: One who throws all of their shit up on twitter.
"I <3 Social Media" bet - social media fundraising works! Well... but doesn't build repeat donors...
MC'd a program at St Elmo's Village today. Kids from Hamilton & LA high school interviewed folks about their LA experiences 2 create stories
'Everything there is to know about life can be found in The Brothers Karamazov...' -- KV Slaughterhouse Five
Are you in the SC office tomorrow? I'll be there getting helping to get vShield up in the lab.
gonna play badminton with my cousin this afternoon...yay!!
Daniel Tosh <3 how I love him
I dont even make sense
Lmao RT if you think about it, I am probably a lesbian trapped in a straight man's body.
It bothers me when the Gods get to acting like the broads, Guess every team doesn’t come complete with niggas like ours.
*wines to the floor....slow that is..:) *
How stealthy are you with tweezers? Or rather...your friend. Lol
#aam2011 "10k followers, now what?" session: hearing all about how museums got to 10k & the time suck, but no advantages shared yet...
Awesome, thanks so much, Joey! Copying so Rebecca knows about your offer too. :)
They have to overpay someone, so why not Rose?
it sure is.
I HATE BEING ALONE!
Wednesday hump day is what they say! I'm saying it's 1 day till my day off :) haha! Tonight I'm working & them tomorrow...
north mississippi allstars do a good version too. never knew we shared a blues/zydeco love. the L in my name is lee for hooker.
Reminds me how they arrested all those bankers for the bad loans.
My not-yet 3 y.o. son just recited the alphabet backwards & faster than I can. Didn't think he'd surpass my intelligence quite this quickly.
Second of all, I'm a nice person..I like to think I am..:) I just don't do anything half-ass'd backward..if my heart ain't it, forget it.
Happy birthday If I was there I would get yu some Zaxbys Lolz! Enjoy your day!
Your tired of being pushed off? Well Im tired of doing shit for you!!
Love hearing Wait, Wait, Don't tell me! work through their script for tonight's taping at Might try to sneak in since it sold out
Late night session with Warner Bros Recording Artist
Ha-ha-ha! Nice. My fantasy Vespa! ...or for inconsiderate tools on the road.
Also follow :D
Not sure that is true. Would you quit using your phone for $1million? Think about it before you answer
I sent mine yesterday
I wonder if the lady at T-mobile would've been so nice if she knew I was just calling to see when I could break up with her.
This is one of those weeks where "outraged" players are making me crabby.
Btw, it was nice chatting w/u; hope to see you on the dark side :)
Very interesting stalking case.
I saw you take this picture and didn't think anything of it...
I'm a legend at they school
Catching up w/ a bajillion shows on my TiVO!! Things are better in my house ... :)
Yep, my default is "most recent first and go backwards in time".
Just saw a horse run a red light on 58th St.
judger mode, automatic reactions, blame focused, win-lose relation (Adams)
Solos Endoscopy Reduces Liabilities by More than $570000 - MarketWatch (press release)
Black Acre Irvington will be a must. They should open this week. Triton is in Lawrence, but their tap room and beer are awesome
Doin me daily
People say there is no such thing as stupid questions. I beg to differ
That's the point! Have a safe flight.
Netflix. Get on it.
Finding the right person for the job is a complex process and taken with a great deal of importance and attention.
no one in there right mind lives around Detroit or in Michigan for that matter.
Even though it isn't spelled correctly, Semin trending makes me giggle.
Sounds like a #socialmediadilemma to me!
... it's like Hotel California. You can check in any time you'd like... but you can never leave. ;)
lemme take that back. i'd seen other vids from freeyourmetadata, hadn't gotten to reconcile yet.
I am in need of my aunt "special bag".....
boo for closed, but yeah--I'd love to see the intro if you can email it to me.
ok I am a good guy... All guys aren't that bad.. Hot damn
Why can't boys in america wear chino's... They look so cute
oh no, i'll just put a girl in front of me and the sight of her will make him so uncomfortable he cannot fight.
Carisa Jones is crazy
Normally we only judge a Chef on how good the food is! Tonight . .we judge how hard they rock out !!! NICE! See you at FLUXX for CHEF ROCK
I'm glad I saw it with old-school fans too, so I could hear their positive reactions. I'd expected disgruntled booing, but no!
Chocolate milk is the bomb
Does this mean I have to switch back to KUbasketball now??
In love<3
So true! Thanks for giving me a shoulder to cry on :'(
We are going too. birthday tomorrow.
whas goin down with the track my bro?
I still declare him a wanker ": Okay, I now declare Joey Barton a MOTIVATIONAL GENIUS."
Hearing the lines mad long at power plant! True or false? Real Jersey girls living in Bmore thinking about heading over
Startin to get mad
u arent the real #RocRoyal if you were then how come when un #August you guys said u only have a priv website and this n
Thanks for following us on Facebook. We look forward to great networking in the future!
you ant ever ganna change
Bout to go bowling
why do people talk and have nothing to say? Mood: Confused X___x
Changing offices, now with a window, perhaps this will better help me shed some light on things ;)
will be someone's mother. 2012 really is the end.
true... we get blessed in the end so I take the short stick lol
We will this time Nicholas
I got your follow right here, bub. We're a producing company, I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
: miss my buddy ol pal!
Your voice is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus!
Weigh in time.
Thinking about adding a co- owner. DM/tweet me if your interested. (:
Maybe relationships really arent for me
Should never have given my twitter account
Breast Cancer Study Could Change Treatment
The smell of rain with sunny skies, 70 degrees at 7am is pure delight on a motorcycle.
Second change, that's all I'm going to give but Fool me Once, Shame on You; Fool me Twice, Shame on Me.......
Happy wine day!! Or Wednesday as some call it
Dont limit yourself. Room for 2. RT : Baylor, you have replaced Ohio State on my out of conference hate list.
LWhen you first are really interested or attracted to someone, It's something you can't control even if you want to.
Who needs money? It is highly overrated!
Hopefully we can make it to the mext meetup!!
Brand NEW episode of iNickelodeonShow tonight at 8:30 PM on Nick! It`s called 'iCarly'! U better watch it cause it`s so funny!
Would u come to my Birthday party if i invited you? (;
Watching Purple Reign Prince tribute band on my night off. So excited!
People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
hahaha! If you only knew. ;) What I need is for you to be my personal shopper!
Where's the picture??? #lazy RT : If Frank Vogel wasn't a basketball coach it looks like he'd work as a _____________?
monte cox facebook, clik on computer, click like b utton just need a couple more thanks have a blessed day
Home, sweet home. About to pass out till it's time 4 me to go to work 2mrw!
And somewhere Brendan Kelly is still trying to tackle Braxton Miller in the backfield.
This doesn't even look like high school softball lol
RT If you want to achieve things in life, you've just got to do them, and if you're talented and smart, you'll succeed.
congrats on your new role... but be careful - DWs are yesterdays's news - it's the Analytical Platform making us "Smarter"
Follow right now!! She's stunning and amazing <33
Do u have a facebook? No one here or in rooms had any news
I'm really luvving the green dream house especially the kitchen! Wonder what the property taxes are in the Atlanta suburbs. Any1 know?
"I'm Robert Pattinson and I'm really hot, no big deal."
How can someone who lives with me and not know who Wes Andersen is?
"We have cooperated for a very long time in the maintenance of our own invisibility. And now the party is over" VitoRusso kck.st/rop1Vk
Going back to Paul Vallas' apartment for a drink....
The only things i gotta look forward to so far is graduating then the gus macker on june 2nd lets go
Congrats to you too girl! Thanks KOP Mall for hosting such a fun event! :)
Turned on the #Twins just in time. Welcome, Clete Thomas. I hope you hit many more bombs this season.
A mime...is a terrible thing to waste...
come to school every other day and shit
No prob. Yeah, would be new level of info on how state $ is spent. Might go to exec, if I do, I'll let you know what happens.
S/O to he is a cutie js follow him!:)
go to bed dream of you that's what I'm doing these days<3
Spring rains bring cleansing and nourishment! What are you cleaning out, and what are you feeding?
i thought we weren't in style anymore?
tell that to ya girl
A picture can say so much! But words can express more!
Itachi is technically a zombie.... And some how he is still that nigguh.... lol... That is all
My Kindergarten Sci class canceled, too bad I was not told ahead of time, planning time down the drain & a really long walk for nothing! <U+32E1>
Pancakes for dinner and beer for dessert. Perks of adulthood!
I want a real relationship, i want a relationship where we like each other so much and we walk around making many jealous.
in my mind will become deffen to the whole world though the loud coming of autumn is already here. Though as I seat on my front porch you
Way to walk your talk about openness and vulnerability Keith...Let us know how it turns out!
Fuck your magazine
State of Emergency declared in Kingston, Jamaica
Alex Smith is like Forrest Gump, he sure is stupid but boy can he run lol
I want to be with those who know secret things or else alone.- Rainer Maria Rilke
Dear Machinarium, I know it's really Adobe Flash's fault, but if you didn't actually save my game, please don't make it look like you did.
Womens perfume, burnt toast, and fishe price play doh? what do they all have in common? theyre 3 smells that i love
WhentheRaincleared,Key peered anxiously2see if the FLAGwas still flying.And so he scribbled the1st lines of his poem:“Oh say can you see..?”
The mountain of nasty memories
you cared enough to respond...
Wow, revisiting The Stoner now. Only did a cursory listen last year b4 getting distracted. Rectifying that mistake now. Cheers.
A Few Questions for James Cameron
how 2 swim?..I'm scared of deep water cuh!
My heart is intact but feels removed from both my body and the state of Texas.
vibrant matter?
Having a few drinks.
I love you so much, that id hire the LPD to find you if Rick Olson ever gave you PCP and kidnapped you. <3
STILL NO POWER SINCE WED!! no heat!! I'm camping!
Well it's raining at lease I won't have to water the lawn. Hope it stop raining before I have to go to work. At lease it's nice and cool out
I am now, goodnight.
#GOPClownCar Mittens the Mormon is every bully asshole you knew and avoided in High School. Know what? They're forever bully assholes
The Dartmouth Aires: THEY KILLED IT. best of the night by far, no contest.
Y'all already know what Pandora station in running tonight...
My elective for junior high school is Life skills -_-
I'm thinking we might have to put that off for now....
Finished the chapter in my book on my time working for Red Hot Chili Peppers in the early 90s tonight. Fond memories.
It's crazy how much you can miss one person so much each day. Wish you weren't over 1000 miles away<3 #tothemoonandback #forever&always
Annual Conf on the First Year Experience, yes. It's mix of administrator/staff, faculty, & others who work w/1st years
You don't even know what it is. Call ray tomorrow, he need help paying for his .
2011 planning going smoothly. This is going to be a HUGE ZOMBIE CRAWL! (spread the word!)
Lack time for reading top business books? No fear! Download them to your iphone and plug and play in the car/work/gym/transit.
I have a one unit pass/fail online course of four? five? weeks I have to take. That's IT.
Be your own man and let life come you.
I'm so jealous! I'm on my way to Hooters for the first time lol for a pre-show of my own.
How do you Dew.?
I'm in the crowd and Prodigy held my hand and winked at me aw:) thankyou so much for coming to manchester you were amazing!
And spring has arrived here and getting warmer! Gee it's getting cold at night. Winter is coming :D
Not sure if CNI will record our session but slides yes. Most of the content will be drawn from interim report.
what happened to yours???
Thanks for the mention!! We are very excited for 'The Neverending Story' too! We'll see you in Fantastica!
Good question! I would propose to Mark Darcy from Bridget Jones's Diary! You?
I sometimes put that movie on JUST to hear that zither theme music!
It going to be fun! RT there is a #CincodeMayo party at today
Sometimes I just tweet #NAFSA12 because I like to see my name come up in the Twitter streams on conference connections
#IHate when people do stupid stuff when driving and cause an accident and lots of traffic because of it
Three accessories for eco-friendly travel
been listenin to al night <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
#Relationships sometimes we say things to manipulate others into changing. He is not the one.
How's the day treating you?
What's the turn around on leased beats?
Jef with one f looks like he should be on St Elmos fire with that haircut
...so ready to hear this verdict!
How did you know?
“: I wish someone wanted to chill.” let's go get some food
Good Morning! ... Okay, where's the coffee!
buy me a house in the nutty so we can watch trashy tv shows together.
You have no idea how much I'd love to visit you guys! Miss you so much!
We'd like to wish our President and CEO Aaron Paoletta a very happy birthday!
#Somewhereinthehood this morning somebody smokin' a blunt.
Aww. We love to help however we can! Break legs with the reading! Psst - Young Artists Rock!
WE GO THROUGH TO MUCH BULL SH*T JUST TO MESS W/ THESE T>T> LOL I JUST WANTED TO DO DAT!
About to jump on another "Welcome to the World of Social Media" call with a client. It should be fun.
Took me 90 mintues to go 11 miles this morning. Why, traffic, why?
wow we def gotta catch up soon!!! Like Das crazy
Tf KD35 #playoffs then we see who the best
What a super FUN dance scene in #wiwo tonight!! Trust me, in real life it was even more fun! And did you all catch ?
no I don't but I bet the new site will have that and a lot more health related info. check out fwsjuiceplus.com, thanks
I've been up since 2 tf is my problem
not ripping on the actual announcing. Just joking how they looked like an angry old married couple.
Old frames just not cutting it anymore? It might be time to come check out our Spring Fling Clearance Sale!!
I don't understand why the place hasn't gone up like a roman candle. Especially when it was windy.
No sweep as the Nationals defeat the Pirates 4-2.
#ADTR <U+E404> livin it up in cuse getting white girl wasted & moshing until I break a bone
I like passwords that are simple to remember, but have nothing to do with my personal life and really complex to hack.
C'mon son!!! You know I left you a VM, get your phone on! LOL
thanks for the update
"True love never Forgets" - the Vow
well you know what they say about opinions. There like assholes. Everyone has one but most stink!
One tonsil totally swollen. I know hot tea would make it feel better, but a chocolate shake sounds like a much better option!
NFL West is not great. Either of these teams will get blown out next week by Saints. Like Rams chances better than Seahawks though.
It went really well.. time will tell.
So who wants a bracelet made by me ^.^ ?
Boutta go downstairs :/ foreal tho theres nothing to do & i don't feel like doing homework :/
I WILL TAKE THE MARTY REISMAN T-SHIRT!
beauty does have a price.... i'll never make it there
... becoming part of the new Buffalo. Proximity to Canada makes Buffalo a center for refugees and other immigrants from all over the world
“: hope it's not u “: 250 lbs of sexy”” hell naw bro haha
Another award winning lib: Orange County Library System (FL) -- drive up windows, roving reference...
Q3) the only way to speak someone's language is to first understand it.
We all have some culpability...but people who support privitization of education and health care should take the bulk of it.
Don't have Diablo, but I pretty much name all my characters Doug. That's my Skyrim wood elf.
oof I bet that was epic. Can't wait.
So happy to be in the crowd tonight. I've missed laughing w/you. Thanks 4 coming to OHIO!
I wish i could ever sleep in but my body just wont allow it...
keep your ipad
Being ignored , worst feeling ever.
Am I the only person who doesn't like going to the beach during the summer? the sun is WAY too much for me
Im Finna Be Tweeting On His Page cuz im board So whatupp from brianna imma get this niqqa tweets up <U+2764>
thanks for the retweet!
Not sure if it's just my computer but that video clip has the sound of a commercial playing. Have a clip of crowd noise?
Jeez I'm so suggestible!
Try KALX or KUSF (both college radio) or KFOG, Live 105 (both commercial). In terms of internet radio, I like SOMAFM.
Girls in white short shorts is like yoga pants on steroids
Thanks to who was a guest speaker for my school's GSA today. :)
Got the ashes today. Not because of the Catholic Church dogma but more for the spiritual reminder of why and what to think about.
Ah. Interesting. Looks like you've expanded the definition of middies for the modern game, no?
I haven't stopped eating since I woke up and I'm still hungry >.<
uh no *Michael Kyle's voice* lol ion feel like getting up from d couch =P
I'm the new era breed.. 2012 with that good $hi.. Nothin in my way..
I know some people cant week to tweet TeamSingle..nobody cares
#imagine Nick:turn around You:why ? Nick: just do it. *puts a heart Necklesss on your neck* Nick:your mine forever
Remember, no Tent gathering tonight. See you next Monday!
Quick whistle (thankfully)
IKR! im tellin her that!! but she wont believe me! i keep tellin her hes not!
Two of my favs too :) Thanks so much.
lol cause she's annoying me and making animal noises
100% less Boston love. But way more jokes about Boston. Hope that's okay.
But on the other hand I think everything sounds good right now, cause I just woke up >.<
Thank you Navy Seals for a job well done!!!
Thumballs flying out to therapists, trainers, teachers even tots. Proud of the huge reach of Thumballs diverse designs today!
how old is your soul?
Turn off your mind, relax and float downstream.
What? What lane violation?
get home to see my mom friend here -.- always sayin somethin stupid
White Castle announces that they will start serving beer and wine in test markets. Thoughts...
": #hesdefinitelyarefif he's wearing a bootleg G-shock"
~ Said no one ever.
i would love help promote an up and coming band...www.popgoesthegio.com
how about letting me in on the secret...LOL
Thank you for the anecdotal evidence I appreciate your perspective
The Circuit: YouTube loses copyright battle, bill shock, Sprint Nextel
ugh! those the most obvious ones... you haven't herd "pheel tha phonk" or Twelvy's "dope sample" ... ?
Toured 5 of the 11 homes at the Parade today; each house is a reflection of the extreme diversity of builders www.biaparade.com
Sowing Seed Brings Original Blessings Not Ones that Are Already Expected!
Its fresh off the press. Not even an hour old. Check itout.
glad you think so!
hahaha I will! :)
eh i can expand it and deal with it like that one?
Ha, listening hasn't replaced reading, just complements it. I drive far too much to not take advantage of it.
Since DH & I can't seem to get a date night on the books; we r keeping our sitter an extra hour today to have a happy hour together :)
holy crap! How on earth did I miss that?! Well belated congrats!!! :)
This morning turning out better then I expected.
MT : Loving my swag bag from I was a lucky one got a blue Google shirt! Thank you!
My mommy is making me and my brothers go to bed so early now BO (: not cool
Ever since I met you, there's no one else worth thinking about. <3
No wonder you so amazing <2
I get annoyed easily .
Visit SMI's Mark & Lisa at booth 531 #SfN10 They can tell you about all associated specials with our new 500Hz eye tracker.
all Tebow needs to worry about is the Pert Plus guy!!
Man, what a great nite it was. Mom celebrated her 63rd birthday and now my pops cooks her brunch today. I wanna be spoiled like that.
Glad you had a good time! RT : Belated thanks 2 fun night Monday
Who wanna party wit me tonight only the bad girl party in my circle so if u down hmi
So I spent my day watching all the old Beavis and Butthead episodes and eating ramen noodles. Gnarly day right?
Yuengling spring bock now pouring.
A business must be concerning, it must be fun, and it must exercise your artistic instincts.
Thanks for the follow,i always follow back (-_-):)
#LCGrad The senior class pledge asks grads to "Explore and take into account the social and environmental consequences of any job."
#monstersowntwitter paws up (''')(''')
whywhhwhwy stupid computer dying when i'm actually doing work WTF
you're the best. pepper steak w/port-wine sauce, rack of lamb, butternut squash & a pumpkin roll coming your way...someday.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought.
Looking forward to Bike to Work Day tomorrow! My commute will be 18.4 miles. Anyone else headed through the WO&D Herndon stop?
Thanks so much Mark. Have a great day.
I'm checkin' out the Horny Goat Hideaway tonight... I hear their new volleyball courts are the shizzznit!!
Tuesday Thanks to part of our #CIS family
We understand that you can't do everything but don't let that stop you from doing something. Join us.
“: #BandsILove <U+E011>put your V's Up <3” you should also check out .. Our new project!
Lord... keep me near the cross!
I love twitter lets do lunch soon!!
Be prepared: I am coming tomorrow & IT IS MY BIRTHDAY.
awwhh I feel special! :) hahaha I thought I heard wrong I was just like oh? random much? haha
9:30am physics is not a place to make jokes, apparently. #myprofessorlovesJesus and he #speakslife hahahahah
I'm that girl riding the subway with 8 iPads.
today was such a great day :):)
hahaha I'm sorry!
I brought some wedges today they all kind of colors I'm wearing Saturday & Sunday
Just listening to the #bulls game
Happy to have the windows open
Time travel!
You're a pro at that.
Fuck Herman Cain! He's an idiot token and molester
Was up extra early today... feels good to cross a few things off my list before breakfast!
Many thx for responsibly acknowledging bias/Conf. Of Int. Will miss u & hear u after elections.
REFER a FRIEND and GET $8 towards ANY tans or lotion purchase and your friend will receive a FREE TAN to try out one of our tanning booths!
Np I Gotta chick
Is it Wine O'Clock yet? Happy Wine Wednesday!
I love having IUBasketball back. I feel connected again being an alumni and through your insights. Thank u 4 keeping me connected!
yep! Waiting for this install to finish and makin sure your being productive! :)
"I can re-task a satellite, I can get a level 3 NSA clearance...but I can't hack a hick." - Best Alec Hardison quote
I could probaby handle that
I feel like my eyeballs are sunburned.
I really liked Morning Glories.. thanks for recommending it. how many stars out of 63?
I've listened to it a Million times today. Can't get enough!! Love you morreee !<3
I need..
nop capitalist slavery means that to survive you have to consume and work therefore you don't have that choice anymore
: We get it. It's warm where you are and it's cold where we are. Congrats...
sure! make sure to follow back
Just got out of work...getting that bank(:
Someone make a gif of what Timmy was doing. I missed it :[
I hope my (friend) future boyfriend bets and wins big at the #KentuckyDerby!
a elephant never forgets,so my dick remembers everything....
what if???
Founders of #TEDxChange #TEDxDupont Nicholas Jammet, Jonathan Neman and Nathaniel Ru | big picture are the people behind ideas
Killer workout with ! Chest, triceps, and abs! I'm not moving ever! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Totally cramming in songs before Wednesday. Gotta learn them. Today is Sister Sledge We Are Family. Wanna totally know it!
hey D. I truly miss your uggggggs. Wish they were here
I'm gonna talk to my sister this week about it. She has a big house here & would love to downsize.
I'm bringing it back! :P
Angel! American accent for Japanese and for Koreans almost ready for sale at ITunes! Working on Spanish now.
Welp you have 1 other option which u might not wanna hear..more alcohol haha
Scooter Bates?hahahahah
I am hiding from some beast, but the beast was always here; watching without eyes because the beast is just my fear...
Gold's gym still exists?
its almost as bad as the watching a hawks OT
Picking out a Christmas tree today. Will be live tweeting any major findings.
god, I hope will smith makes an appearance.
We're heading over to in a few minutes--join us for happy hour, appetizers, and a great time with your FUEL friends
Wow. Crazy business tonight. Thanks MKE!
That and his reflections on the Pulitzer are amazing.
Sad. there was only 2 and half boobs on tonight's EP. of #GameofThrones. That's an all time low.
Check out my last tweet, which includes a pic of yesterday's
ha! I certainly did. Managed to get some nice shots. Will post tomorrow.
Once the boys start to follow me, i'll DM them. But for now, i can only Tweet them!
I seen tha b4, its nothin new
no way he should be allowed on the plane. That's terrible!
nice how was it?
I learned from that I am part of the 3.3% U.S. Salvadoran population that makes up the overall U.S. Latino population.
Follow to be informed about social networking events in the entertainment community in your area!
Check out my sisters and my cooking blog! W.helloscrumptious.com let me know what you think!
Congrats! RT : SF Business Times just named Discovery & Seeno Homes the #1 Builder in the Bay Area --> 4th year in a row!
Sleep is good :) RT : Reading my colleagues' twitter profiles and copying "sleep"as something I love. Props to Sherene and Kerrie.
Bring me to my knees Lord I lay me down. Rid me of myself, I belong to you!
Looking for a venue to host an event in the next 2-3 months. Must be in LP, RoscoeV, Old Town, Lview area. Suggestions?
Just tapped due to popular request, Boarhead Barley Wine (replaces LTD 5)
Great pic! Come back next weekend and that wool will be all gone.
oh shut up.
Delivering some new art pieces to Zia's boutique in Green Hills. If you are in the area be sure and check it out she has some great stuff!
no thank you for helping out those in need. Great cause!
Da more ppl we get to come out we will open up for Widefram dude dat does pull out da magnum
I hope and are having loads of fun today :)
Justin!!! or Jerry :D lol
S/O to for being super cute (: he has the best tweets and we need to chill soon (: #followhim <3
i feel like a black dude would treat me right.
#FF Kim Roach - she is the real deal when it comes to profitable online marketing with tangible RESULTS. No hype here.
My confirmation's tomorrow, #excited :)
much appreciated. Hope all is well in the Music City.
yes!! September 27th!
Berlusconi Strippers in Gadhafi Outfits Silvio Berlusconi on Friday said his wild parties were "burlesque contests" as the former Italian
thank you for your feedback! :)
sad that it's super-intern 's last day with good #CapeTown recommendations for her? (cc: )
Just curious -- did you get 10 people to show the tweet? I'm doing a write up of IRA tweets...
Learning from 's Bob Panoff at
Congrats on the UW move! You have big shoes to fill,BUT I know you can do it! ! #ONWISCONSIN #CAN'TWAIT4FOOTBALL
People will not look forward to posterity, who never look backwards to their ancestors. -Edmund Burke
Ray Lewis pregame speeches are pumped full of the kind of enthusiasm you find in a man who avoided first-degree murder charges.
I need someone to escort me to the Wiz concert this summer in cincy. Preferably a young lady.
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH MY ASS NOT BEFORE HE WAS FAMOUS RIGGHHTT
Lovely soccer weather...
Ohh Bosh come out and plaaaayy
“: Oh, you guys broke up again? For good this time? Can't wait to see you get back together in a week!”
I'll run in the rain till I'm breathless when I'm breathless I'll run till I drop, hey the thoughts of a fool's kind of careless
I will praise the name of the lord forever
Made it to Pendleton(:
could u try to tell me how to get ride of it :s?
Got u
Just downloaded timeline on Facebook
Prayed tonight that my desire to continue to grow would continue to grow.
Hilarious. “: Ozzie Guillen upon his return from suspension: 'I feel like the great OJ Simpson did when he made bail.'"
LOL technology has a mind of its own sometimes!
Good Shyt! You know Nnamedi too?
I wish i could live in music.
TGIF- excited for a great weekend!
we're not gay!
what kind of dog is he?! to damn cute!!!!
Me and oomf should elope since she wanna get away from texas to haha
What a treat... I had no idea there was another episode of 30 Rock this season!
RT : Our monthly Mega Networking Event is tomorrow at Johnnys!
The commish is commenting on tonight's game. Will there be NHL players in the next #olympics?
It says more about the medium than the society at large. IMHO
<3 lol cheer up! You're too pretty to be sad, my friend :)
Thanks for including our Membership Meeting proceedings in your Daily!
Lmaooo #typical. And why did I not photograph the guac?
After (M)onday and (T)uesday even the week says WTF !!
Before Thursday's game, I would have been perfectly content leaving STL with one win. Now, no less than two will do! Let's go #sjsharks!
the missing piece of the puzzle = good writing. At low budgets there's limp writing bc developing the skill set takes time
Not a problem David. Good luck with the book.
Posted up at local Jamaican restaurant for Curry Shrimp and scholarship.
Beastie Boys w/Tribe Called Quest in Kansas City one of most lasting memories from my early 20's. Floor rush @ lights out was epic.
Mar 16,2012: Exhibition - Peeled and Revealed: The Flipside of Food: 9:00am: Milwaukee Public Museum. An innovative ...
It's not really a thing these days. (And it was only ever a souped-up description of the diss.) But yes!
5 Star service at the Super 8 in Abbotsford, BC
Mifflin Fun Fact: Current Mayor Paul Soglin was one of the founding members of the block party
Apparently, no grease, no access to collections. says the same holds true for Italy.
Sloe Gin Fizz at 9 am
To threewalls, on the double!
Our pleasure! We cant wait to work with CA univs, just want to make sure we can offer them the best experience first
If you have multiple phones use your gmail account as an exchange server to sync contacts in both automatically (BB & iPhones 2).
This would be my life if it happened. LeeHyori. <3 + KimJongKook. <3 + Mango = Life. x)
#ShannenSays #ArmyWives #MadMen #TheKilling ...Sunday TV Night is awesome!
thank you so much!! You are so sweet!
H hahaha. Nope. Its Sea. He is a scout in my sons troop. Big soccer fan/player. Chosen to travel to Scotland to play in summer
Thanks so much Chloe! Much appreciated :)
Enjoying the Google home page this morning - not sure what the occasion is, but it's cute.
I really don't like you .
Hold up. Niall has a secret tattoo. GET IN MY BED
Why do I even watch award shows anymore..?
watching the !!! Rock the red!!!
Well, they are a pretty sexy vegetable.
Tandoor...a cylindrical oven made of clay, used for roasting, skewering and baking over an open flame heated with charcoal
thanks for the mention, Jorge!!
Excuse me, Mr. Gangster. I don't mean to interrupt your swagger,but can you pick up your pants and walk a little faster? I'm late for class.
Im stressed..which means my sweet tooth is out of control today! Shopping with after work & a double gym sesh will do it!
I know,u have to stay positive, don't let this destroy u,its okay to be nervous, but dont freak yourself out. I'm here For you.
well shyt if I'm in town next weekend let's ride around. And get it
really true :/
casting call today, what a great group of folks!
how do send DM to my lists
15 hours, 3 essays, and a hamburger later...
Ariel, I think you're probably a star now. It used 2 B so easy 2 get in touch with U. Now its freaking impossible. Good for you!
Not that I'm aware of.
I just wanted to say hi :(
When you're feeling down, brush your teeth. It makes you feel like a fresh new person.
RT : RT : Hey Twitterverse! I'm looking forward to tweeting with you!
five tweets doesn't count as livetweeting Kay. But I love ya!
That's Seattle for you. RT : How bout people tubing on lake washington before 8 in the morning?? Now that's dedication!
If you could pick any one player to be on your fantasy team, who would it be?
I don't know! I think we've ran out of time! I may just order one online. :(
God I hope not.
Good luck RT : exam day yay how exciting.
well text back I got something to ask lmao
it already came and went, I'm afraid.
I thing so too! Its definitely fresh food on the spot with most that is served on the street, great post:-)
charlie sheen.
Today, #FF stands for "Floating Friday". Have a great Rapture, everybody!
Say "fort" 3 times. What do you eat soup with? My daughter answered "carrots".
Almost!! Just one more day. RT : im hungry. i want is it monday night yet?
your welcome :)
Going to make sure I get in a bike ride this week. I miss riding.
Finally got a smat phone!
GOD DAMN PARENTS WHERE THE HELL IS MY ELEPHANT FOR CHRISTMAS!!!???
lawl star wars and jedisbi love star wars
+1 was there last night! // RT : Founding Farmers. Go there.
*Switches to laptop*
baby u got me u got me
Thx! Really going now....
#BOYFRIENDReview your voice is like a man's voice Love it!!
korean chili threads! you are correct!
Happy New Year! May you make films that inspire you and the world.
Sure, luck means a lot in football. Not having a good quarterback is bad luck: Don Schula
Had an awesome Halloween--now I'm looking forward to the launch on 11/11/11!
milking yesterday's two time zone red eye travel for all it's worth and staying in PJs until this evening.
Almost hit a Bently really people, must you park your Bentlys in my way?
You and both.
did amazing on her last performance, blew me away! :)
Hey, thanks!
#fridaylistens started the Shallows by Carr and set it aside when Affair by Child became available. Gotta love Reacher!
Making out in the back row of a movie for 2.5 hours?! To be honest, I was more impressed at how quiet they were
RT : S/o To My Team
yall better !! Lol & im trynna have a dinner party if i can find a qood place so if so yall invited (:
You can't call yourself a friend when you exchange the people in your life like a deck of cards
Sellin records in Japan...
I should go to sleep. I wish I could relax enough to try
Wondering why has more followers than ...Manu has more rings!!
RT : The support for #MarriageEquality has never been greater! Thx to for standing up and supporting #LGBT couples!
queen of elephants and counting
Are You Fucking Kidding Me ???? F_ck The Voice -.-
It's the best sale of the year before the Holidays! Contact me to get a catalog or order the best fashion #jewelry available.
Anytime Pierre! (I love that name btw) :D
“: Bing was live! Great weekend. Now off to <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>...”
New home owner ? Call us we provide a wide range of services. Call a contractor you can trust Mr.D's 619-562-5848 Ca. State Lic
Michael Ian Black: My wife's name (Martha) was one of the things that attracted me to her.
yup since he got home from school
Good morning love :)
Glad you're liking it! RT really enjoying "Small Screen, Big Picture" appreciate the recommendation.
To help you get ready for #ISSMA State Solo/Ens, we're having an open "mic" day this Saturday! Come test drive your piece (con't)...
Ridiculousness is just the new America's Funniest Home Videos. Sorry, but you're no
i wish you knew how i feel about you...
nun much gettin ready for this trip wbu you ready to graduate ?
Jaylon Tate, PG, Meanstreets – There aren't too many better pure point guards than Tate.
Virginity is cute I guess, haha.
that's cool :)
Brain and spinal cord injuries discussed on HealthyMatters 730 AM Sunday morning. Call or text your questions!
Add Philadelphia to the short list of cities I could live in
yea yea
I am at the doctor having my knee looked at from an old injury years ago.
As for what we're up to... We are in Phoenix. Brian is reading Henry Miller and Jess is reading James Baldwin. Now to go buy Amiri Baraka!
The road to success is always under construction.
We'll be selling Bagels again tomorrow morning! Remember $1.25 for a bagel of your choice and cream cheese! Get your bagel fix tomorrow AM!
about to head to Drews smh. you messin up man.
sorry. But no one is uploading anything..
bathroom floor is done and kitchen floor is done..babies just went down for a nap so taking a minute to figure out what to do next...
Why does mini irritate me so much she is so fake
Dis young lady needs to get her BEAUTY or as i say GORGEOUS sleep :) #GorgeousGirl hehehe c=
Um hey new jersey, GREEN = ST PATTYS DAY , GREEN AND RED = CHRISTMAS.
aw <333 i love hearing that!
It is one of my new favorite songs!!!:)
work bag, clothing. I own everything in the apple store already ;)
why the crappy service lately?
Well it's about the time I'm ready to go !!!!
Doesn't franchising guarantee he gets the average of the top 5 RB salaries or something?
Excited for the June 8 record release party at Bay View Bowl
ok I will. How u been luv?
Anyone want to play a show with us?
Seeing Facebook urls in companies' ads making me think of "AOL keyword" in '90s ads.
Great finish
Thanks so much, Rachel!
have you met the boys yet? (:
Hi I Dmd u
I can never find a realationship like you and me had. </3
Gossip Girl, ramen, & cheesecake.
Congrats! Great Paper..Help expose fam.law corruption in San Diego!
Bye Bye Bulls is not representing chicago really good right now.
only spandex.
shonda my girl....2 the point...i need 2 be on anything ur doin...luv ur creative mind...we need 2 sit down and have lunch...
": “Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase.” <U+2015> Martin Luther King Jr.”"
#bored and
poor iPod! Is it ok??? LOL
they remind me of nevershoutnever!
Jesus my mom needs to settle down
I saw link to a salad that made my mouth water. Can't find it now? Where it at?
followed :D
chill out, chick, lol
we are playing Low Spirits in Albuquerque 3-25. We are singing Fuglees tunes in the tour van.
nothing much getting ready for school and you?
Not only that; YOU are appreciated :-) Thanks for the well wishes. Have a fabulous day yourself!
Kiss Me You Fool .
I Need A Selfish L.O.V.E
Vino with my A.
Busy day of #preproduction at #BlueRock for a spot for an international aid organization.
Yum. RT : I lost all my beads, so I'm giving out a free me today. Use #LightenUpFatTuesday for your chance to win.
MT Quaffing a lovely sparkling wine from from NORTH CAROLINA ... it won a silver medal
Yeah, tough loss. Well, they gotta re-group Sat. night and force that Game 7!!!
The #SP500 pulled back 20 points from it's high today...a sign going higher than 1,334 will not be easy...
This is only my second time here and thought the tap list was better last time.
Jada: david youre stupid, you dont know how to read. David ignores her and keeps reading Jada: im kidding, youre not stupid okay?
thanks for the RTs
she fuck she suck she swallow man its like a triple double
Prepping for a night full and For research, of course. There will be vodka.
So sleepy
Preds score on the first play of the 4th quarter. Long TD pass from Leak to Toliver-his 5th of the game. Preds lead 61-54.
thanks for the follow!! GO YANKEES!!
AWESOME! Can't wait!
I volunteer if you need one!
": Facts over everything." precursor for svu tuesday?
RT# If you think the best generation was born in the #90's
RT : How many people woke up this morning went to the range w their 52degree and practiced the high 40yrd hook?
Happy birthday!
yo why can't I get cheese fries at 10:30am??
Correction: Ronnie Dobbs' first show will be this Saturday. This Sunday will be our second show. Yeah.
lets end today on a good note, right? wrong. I'm pretty sure my Beats were stolen. Lets hope the insurance covers them -__-
Ugh I want in n out
Great weekend catching up with my lovely cohort over brunch & making Paula Deen's frozen chocolate mousse pie. Delightful!
It's rarely too hot in SF...but today is starting 2 feel that way...to the beach!!
It's gHetto not getto stupid.....
is having a holiday trunk show THIS Saturday, Dec 10th! Good luck ladies - the event sounds like it's going to be a blast!
Males sit so close to the tv. Why? Lol
So fun getting an e-mail that your item sold on
ill give it a chance... fag
Grrr! Why do I keep thinking it's Thursday?
We can't wait! RT : We are! Thanks for the #SDMardiGras mention!
So, I'm looking for a new #workout #playlist any suggestions? I'm open to most anything. Just no opera during the workout.
... On the other hand, men with premature ejaculation suffer from a disturbed speed of ejaculation, but do have intact orgasmic sensation.
how could you have found love when I'm still here cryin waitin for you to find me :'(
i swear as soon as a ring get put on my finger ! ima be the best wife ever!.
I wish I could be there!!!!!
Rain rain getting the dirt out!
I said d Same
seriously. Which one did you go to?
We love that has brought back "Brews With A View" on the roof with a keg of beer and live music! From 6:00-8:00pm & cost is $10.
REALLY?! What did he say?!
Love produces peace and harmony whereas attachment causes distress and disharmony.
Stevi B&#39;s Pizza Expanding in Richmond, Virginia
If you are going to do it at all, give it your best
especially when the propaganda machine has done so well convincing people that more government handouts are needed
RT : Stupid no money having poorness. I would kill for a chili cheese dog with onions. // Might as well get extra for ice cream.
Go Magic. I have low expectations.
please please can we trend
But dead things are better. LMAO
Okay, time to gird loins and go into pencils on this behemoth. If I don't see you again, Twitter, it's been lovely! - DvL
I bought it! cos i'm a #proudDirectioner whos gonna help u boys get
what do you think of shakira's video for addicted to you?
Good Morning D.C...or shall I say Maryland. There so close I'm so confused! Lol
All I'm writing is just what I feel, that's all. I just keep it almost naked. And probably the words are so bland. - Jimi Hendrix
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend
Hm... Wonder why I've been awake for an hour already...
OH MY GOSH I LOVE HIM ! ISN'T HE PERFECT!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><U+263A>
hi keith. was wondering if you know of any good blogs or sites that deal with the housing side the events industry?
hey beck it is jamie follow me on here too
I wish I knew where to go to school next year
RT : Let me remind everyone Occupy Wall street exists b/c BOTH parties have become unresponsive to the needs of the avg person
Billboard R&amp;B/Hip Hop Top 50-(4/14/2012) | Straight Out The Gate
just curious. always interested to talk about SOLs getting in the way of learning
RT: THIS WKND, PEN rolls out a new series at in Griffith Park. Join us for the launch of BOOM, a new journal from UC Press
#mhealth T1. Agreed that an area for education. Who or where will that come from?
I am tired of all of this.
If you don't know who the King of Cuban swag is... You need to know it is !!!!! :)))
I approve of this name! Haha
And many of us are over here planning the Post Arrival Orientation!s
Have to admit, the idea of having everyone use their last names as verbs still makes me giggle
were bringing #barndance t shirts over so tell your peeps to bring their bills!
Get ready for spring cleaning and rent a storage unit to get organized!
The greatness of this justifies the existence of Tumblr and all memes. :)
that's waddup bro
you, me, church, tomorrow. is it a date or? (;
: “Players with fight never lose a game, they just run out of time.” John Wooden” AH"
RT : At the car wash. Cue the music // thanks for the tune-cootie
#team Light&Brownskin girls!! Women like us make the dream
It ain't a rebel flag you bought at the mall. It's a homemade hay bed in an old horse stall, two kids caught stealing a boones farm kiss
Just had that nice euro workout, moms is cookin me salmon now... gotta love
oh my god two of my favorite people ever together what is life
Thanks! :) We're so happy we chose the venue, it was perfect.
Everyone's talking about wanting to get an awesome grade on the APWH exam.
Oh ya! I have two whiet Huskies, male and female!
This evening, come enjoy the musical stylings of Nashville Academy of Rock! Show at 6:30 and free to everyone!
et al (#pubmedia); i've got storytlr running as a test, DM or email me if you want to play with it.
kinda not really /:
Big life decision? Drunk tweets? Daughter names. My god you're getting some girl pregnant right now, aren't you.
Hanging out with I love this girl <3333
Rainy day in Tacoma. Definitely Washington weather.
love you
I'm holding you to that! RT : Avengers was fantastic, way better than the 2 you mentioned.
Yeah I'd hit that... maybe with a bus... or a baseball bat... :D
2 o'clock already? Really?
Gmail, Google Docs, GCalendar, Facebook, Twitter, Apple Trailers.
#19-Clay Matthews-OLB-Green Bay Packers
The media and left wing are continuing to divide the races hoping somehow that will keep them in power. This guy Zimmerman is not a right w…
:) you married a winner!
i wish i was high right now. o:
takes a bad angle to cut off the cross and wasn't terribly quick either, but it was less of a mistake than I thought at first
Happy Easter! Text me when you get a chance. . .
Followed to all.
Jerry's on me when is back in town
12 more days of school.? uh , hell yeah.
aw really!?
Happy Saturday! Our weekends are reserved for family and fun. How about you? What do you do on the weekends to unwind and relax?
Wheels up! Jump'n off the grid. Headed to Maui and Kauai for 10 days. Ready to unplug...
Glad CBS missed the last two plays of the game
okay i have to say this your icon is seriously distracting me from everything rn LOL
Yeah it was different. It was really funny to me for sure.
WOW! Discovery just flew right by Village A!
The formula for the Shamrock Shake: 1 old pack of spearmint gum + 3 parts pure fat + 1 million parts EBOLA VIRUS. Top with whip cream.
If you're not in the product engineering session you've missed it all
"What mile marker are you at? I need to know if I should pray for you or not." - my sister is so weird
the highlight of my day, thus far: RT : It's Ted Turner in a green mullet wig.
Philly and Pitt...AWFUL goaltending.
it was really fantastic! A great way to meld together creativity and history.
Yeah, right! Ha, if you did.. I will be highly upset.
Wow. Just saw your vid on Models Unleashed. Very nice. Keep up the great work :-)
So cute!!
Every man has to believe they were badass once...
is your rails app in the root of your repo or in a subdirectory? Did you "git add . " and commit in your root or in a subdir?
yeah and the parade!!!! Team is too deep!! I wanna see Timmy though as much as I can.
The 48 wins in Darlington. Congratulations to Rick Hendrick, who just picked up his 200th win as an owner. An amazing accomplishment.
From a retired CPA: Isn't "happy tax season" an oxymoron?
Who wants to see something funny? Just go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. It's the first one
duly noted. Thanks!
We have KOF Top 4 Then Finishing Top 4 of MK and we have AE Running off stream and UMVC3 To follow!
I wonder who is going to be braving the streets of Oakland tonight for
So many gluten free products at the Vegas #pizzaexpo! GF folks, in addition to the pizza and blondie, what else do y'all wanna see from AP?
“: Republicans think I said what?!”
you a hawtyyy
Denver Post '..conservatives who gathered to defend "traditional #marriage" lauded McNulty' Note scare-quotes,what a chg
yeah sounds good! maybe one evening next week?
I don't think its appropriate to tweet about personal issues
wow that's an educated statement typical of brainless people
RT Breaking: jury finds Brittany Norwood guilty of first degree murder in #lululemon trial. YES.
oh.. I was
I think only the people who follow YOU will see your tweets..it's so retarded and detached....
does it help that I wore a doo rag (spelling?) when I went in?
Getting ready. #ohyeah .
Have fun and kick some a**
When everything feels like the movies, yeah ya bleed just to know you're alive
Well hello here im there . Bahahaha. Lol.
I met Grant Morrison once, showed him Arsenic Lullaby, where aborted fetuses are turned into zombies, given menial labor tasks. He ran fast.
And so the rain continues...
that is a very tasty addiction.
“: If she owns a cat...beware. If she owns multiple cats...fucking run.”
Hi everyone. I think I'll be mostly lurking tonight, but wanted to send my best to you all.
OH: this joystick sucks
so happy i finished my last paper for philosophy, i hated that class it made no sense
haha as long as I have my laptop back by then ;)
2012 Baseball season is here! #LetsGoRedlegs!
Be one of the 1st 20 people to take a photo of it and send it to us For a Meet and Greet before the show in Koln, Germany!!!
I see your Scotty Brooks & raise you a Vinny Del Negro.
Almost Famous soundtrack-- perfect for this Friday afternoon!
Yes! Donald Driver makes it to the DWTS finals, go Green & Yellow!
Not into the idea of the free market?
Though I can't support Giants fandom, I can support a sunny day at a ballgame, especially with garlic fries.
Our Designer Month starts next Tuesday! Come to our showroom to check out new alternative materials for your next project!
Thanks my daughter & her SAIL classmates enjoyed tour! Her faves: pendulum, anechoic chamber, pool, dorms, time capsule & art work!=)
“: Follow Back”
Going to sell my macpro for the new iMac, must have that 27" beauty!!!
I so miss de old disney wowp, hannah montana, sonny with a chance n more
RT : Smart move :) We'll try for next week.>>>OK....let me know. Have fun with the nasty diapers. :)
Lolla line up.
Do you remember this first time you really really listened to #Chopin?
you too Pat! That was fun
To guard against parity errors causing a switch reload?
affordable CPM rates and a free intro CPC offer + hotel front desk interactive advertising on our Padvertisement iPad ad system = ROI
haha! I saw this on FB and liked it LOL! You don't know what you've been missing Shefty!
follow me please ou god
o, i c you bby.
(While watching That 70s show) Fez: I'd like to park my car in her garage. Hahahaha man that show makes me laugh xD
With each breath, there's a blessing With each beat of my heart, blessing again With each bill, I don't have money today to pay; BLESSING
He Hanging Up And Shit.
some people spend too much money on one day.
I just wanna stay home and cuddle tonight -_____-
Read the word"public" too many times it WILL turn into "pubic". There's nothing you can do to avoid it. Back to Women in the Pubic Sphere.
#HowToKeepARelationship "/ Show yo partner that no matter what the situation is yu DOWN 100% !!
Yeah, I need a wider screen with all the tabs I have open just to social networking. I just try not to repeat myself.
Low-budget here. It works :)
I can't imagine what part thinks its wrong...
If you even slightly understood everything that happened last night.
Awesome idea! Let's do it!
Hillary, you are officially my favorite politician.
I miss them out here. Dee-lish!!! RT : Potatoe oles are so yummy
Thanks! Glad to hear you like
dude you look good today :)
& genesimmons YAY! A BIG congrats to u 2! Luv the show & can't wait to see new season!
Yep. And, again, still lots of room to be optimistic. Offense in 2013 concerns me, but pitching should be very strong.
My professor be rapping that #2chainz #MERCY verse when ever she put my grades ( #GradeA!! A+ ) Dope Shit!
not gonna be so funny when you wake up in the middle of the night and those clowns are staring at you! Hahaha
#LMSunSIG accessibility: could use camera on a translator if one was signing in a course
DavidBrooks:Humility is the execution of responsibility
OK thanks for playing #hgfortune round 1! I'm going to have to cap it here because I'm only one goat, but I will do this again soon! PEACE
Why did you decide to join a startup?
yea i was surprised to hear that! cruise was awesome, i'm sure you'll be hearing stories... hopefully we'll have pics up soon!
he stuffs the stat sheets, which gets him MVPs. But he has won as much as anyone else has.
Sometimes I think overexposure to digital media is the pathway to the obliteration of human consciousness. Then I get on the internet again.
I know pitchers and catchers report today, when do the mascots report? Still haven't gotten that memo yet.
Check out my review of "Full Recovery," a book that looks at alcoholism and addiction. My blog is at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
For whatever reason, I feel I need to now use twitter even more.
Just had spam come into my box for a truck driving school. Title of email: "Hey mom… I want to be a truck driver". Ha ha, oh the shame!
Productive days are always the best :)
Listening to an advance of a record by an old-ish local band that was one of my favs long ago. So far it's pretty good for a comeback album
So happy to be tucked away in the suburbs away from all the protests!
- ah.. cool! too busy remodeling today. Did you do it?
Should have never reactivated my facebook for those 5 minutes.
If the nuggets beat LA it'll be a good night
Not so much; got it just now after activating the beta. -clearbeta flag let me back in to my games.
I'm a stranger to all my exes. Lol, shit.
It's a beautiful day... to list your books on Zapified ;)
25 hours to go...come B Punk now!
Don't be the reason why she can't trust boys
YAY! Mikey Lowell is back with the SOX - where he belongs! It better stay that way!
Remain in HIM
and a HUGE time waster :)
The MLS has a superdraft? What makes a draft super?
That's great! Congrats on the re-release!
so the first time I read this I seriously though you were wearing an actual tank. Not a tankTOP but now I know.
#wwyd if ray ray ask you out on a date?...
will host practice at the Oriole Lane school in Mequon tomorrow Sat Feb 11th from 9-11 AM. New players welcome!
well! lol i sent it via my phone so i wasnt on to check:P
the only way to listen to music...turned up
The snapper was so good from the Chez Guyto Haitian (Miramar, FL) spot!
Does anyone think #bcfootball will win more than 3 games this year?
dolly's "islands in the stream" piped into gate 5 of wichita's airport. elderly-man-w/-oversized-glasses count: 8.
remember last summer when was our friend, & ? how times have changed.
Let me stop bragging about my grades, cus ik I got a lot of dumbass followers that are jealous :).
does it over here it feel sticky
Tonight's WTIA Marketing SIG was another success. Good even focused on Landing Page Optimization!
we can do the remix when you ready
Thanks to new followers and Hope you're enjoying the weather!
Kotsay signs with Padres..I'm a bit surprised.
He'll remain on the air everywhere for years and you'll still be doing this tired "follow the money" bit.
Dark Shadows beats Avengers! Next date night for you and ? :) I'll even buy your tix!
hahah. Does she cut hair? I had no idea that I got his number until two weeks later and i was like uh who the fuck is that?
I just wish I was a guy in theatre
Yale public domain collection object images are available online in sizes up to 200MB TIFFs for members of the general public.
ok gotcha
How do IDs build agile processes that work community model with feedback and ratings into content dev process?
something is always wrong with you!
stopped by for a visit & brought Starbucks! Wow, what a great #nwindiana colleague & friend!
THANKS for promoting us at Premier k9 today! We hope your doggies enjoy their slobber snaks! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
your class can't be that bad. And What happened to the online classes??
Lamb is the man tonight!
My thought is, in long run, Tigers are worse off if he has full no-trade.
Tea time has been officially called for 4 PM today -- right after we pick this week's free raffle winner. Everyone is welcome. Tea & snacks!
I need someone who knows they wanna be wit me.
I need to date a boy who lives near where I work, so he can bring me chinese food. Current dude lives in Novi. But he has a kitten...
Getting ready for the build week, digging foundations!
Nice!RT : The NFL may bring in female officials next year. Finally, Jay Cutler won't be the only pussy on the field. Ga-zing!
#ThingsIdRatherDoThanListenToBieber kill myself.
They just pronounced "chipotle" CHI-POL-TEH-LAY on the food network. Is that correct? Inquiring Pop Tartz want to know.
On a mission to drink lots more water each day. Thanks for making it easier and a lot more flavorful!
you just log in and see? It doesnt send you annoying ass emails?
via : just got dropped from SL. Keeping up with the audiocast from the web. Frustrating.
I think the fact that I even offered to make you cookies is 'good enough'
MT : Sen. Tomassoni invoking North Stars and Lakers as examples of teams MN lost because it wouldn't build new facilities.
Proud to say I worked out 's rejected mock headline over a fine sushi dinner
Listening to the COO of Any Lab Test Now talk about a social media nightmare. Cyber stalking is scary stuff!
I hate when people stare at the gym. Tryin to concentrate here.
your RTs make me laugh haha ghetto yet so on point.
XXII, yeah? Gorgeous, Amazing, Top-Class. Oily top like a leaky BP well but that's just aesthetics. Gotta wait 4 next year's.
hell yea. nice work. enjoy the event! sounds like a blast.
TY! RT: : #FF some of our newest discoveries in the Southern USA + Western Canada:
"At the incredible pace most of us live, the arrested image becomes of maximum necessity." - Dennis Stock
Fire alarm!!
It seems like we've been getting compared to Voivod a lot lately. There's some truth to that probably.
RT "You can’t argue with a good blow job"...George Carlin. Why would anyone even want to??
I nvr sleep anymore ... oh well imma keep grinding..
die bitch nigga bitch nigga die violence
policy & program director Stephanie Altman delighted to be in #DC for Health in Mind
Yeah, that's what I'm afraid of. I need a good Tech Services topic for a paper and I thought it would be more fun than cataloging.
Thanks Justin. Just wrapping up a custom Fb app and wanted to make sure we get indexed.
It's my Friday!!!! Woo hoo!!! So pumped for my first real vacay in 5 years. Hope I meet Nelly.
I would love to! Someday maybe.
pardon me sir?
If your boyfriend is a rapper or singer, fuck him to his own music.
Agreed, India is a good eg. RT : It is a sad state of affairs when there are more people w/mobile phones than electricity or...
#FF Go follow our personal accounts!
did you read all of it?
Tryin to catch up on some z's was at childrens all damn night
but whatever im just gonna say sorry for bothering you because i have talked to you ling enough may to long peace out hater
Happy Monday to all! How was everyone's weekend?
Yep, already have my 3 finalists picked :-) Ms. Mississippi and Peru are 2 top picks of mine
This is one of those afternoons where it feels like things will be okay hopefully nothing ruins it.
This is exactly why i didn't want you to help. I knew from the start it wasn't a good idea.
hey. You need to check us out. I think you'll love our music :)
this is the best week to work. Nobody around to bug you, trains are sparsely populated.
#ReplaceBandNamesWithRape Raping Alexandria
huh. Didnt know.. thanks for heads up
I'm always going to picture you guys in your NYC apartment sitting on the floor, nerd bonering over stones.
I watch it like every morning!! :)
Is that a shot at ? RT : get off my dick now plz.
Think little goals and expect little achievements
All Over Printing Special for February: $10 each for 100 pieces on American Apparel Style 2001, 1 Color Waterbased All Over Front Print.
Arts & Crafts today in the form of a marketing mailing. So excited to get these out to my peeps!
I really need a sister I've been on the phone with my big bro Troy running it talkin bout sports he forgot I was a girl ROTFL
Out bread has fruit in the blend... does that qualify for whole wheat or white... or neither!?
omg they are getting it!!! Keep the radio format, bring a round table and go live with the old crew.
Wow, interesting! Maybe I should try it out. (I confess, I still have yet to see I...)
RT : What to look for in 4th quarter? Go Daddy takes its 2nd shot; in Skechers spot; one more for Bud Light.
isn't that kinda typical for CBS? Some if ABC's look ok... But their upfront trailers were badly done/edited.
Attention NAWBO Members - share the link to your Facebook page here so NAWBO can connect with you there and promote your page here.
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL! Mention Facebook when you order & get a 20% discount TODAY!
melo did all that for nothing.
We make videos for local businesses and I think we could make some great ones for you!
I just want this week to end
Tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it!
You know that's right!!!
haha, sounds like a plan.
The lion scares me.
stop calling me Jesus
The right wing makes it so easy to call out their hypocrisy. Waiting for defense of Romney's offshore accts so his wife could stay home...
bout to hit some tracks wit cam'ron
Have you met Brienne yet?
Trying to get fully awake. Took an hours long nap after work yest. Fishing on lake this afternoon. Not enough time for too many things.
Big credit for those assistants at WSU always out there working the road, &
Hey, coach, are Bobby Knight's past criticisms of Calipari warranted?
oh, well whatever floats ya boat ha
That's funny right there. RT : So would playing a game of 22 players lit on fire right at kickoff. Doesn't mean it's a good idea.
It's just not good football.
Gossip girl - take me back to NYC! Why are we in LA :(:(
what's good big bro?
When yu livin' wrong, it's hard to sleep right...
search you tube for We lovd Arsenal, we do. Many examples
when is your birthday? :) love you!
Good Morning Virgins!
I am starting to realize that i get barely anything done while i am on twitter.
Arrived at the university this AM to find half the campus--MY half--without water. Amazing how quickly things went downhill from that point.
A huge thanks to for extending an invite to the Young Professional in Foreign Policy for last night's
I know!! Like seriously!!
#DanHuberty won 78% in early voting!
yep, is not only a genius magician but a thoughtful genius magician
": 111 million people watched the 2012 Superbowl. 650 million are watching this Man U vs City regular season game."
Mention Twitter at ROUFUSPORT & your 1st month is FREE & we'll take 50% off the enrollment fee!! Ask about our family plans!! 414-453-5425
My girlfriend got mad when I called her by her new nickname "cum dumpster" I dont get it its a term of endearment!
Thanks for the follow - back at ya! Jo
Fuck that shit b! Lmao RT : u need the Nike fuel tho or did u reach ya goal already? lol
no1 ever txts me call me or tweets me anymore
Trivia tonight Free, 21+, 7:30pm. Practice Question: What is Africa's largest country? No Cheating
Perhaps I should try this DrawSomething...? It is not my tendency to "play", but this could be my forte. Yay or nay?
Shannon: Kenzie tell Auntie Nannon who you look like more, mummy or daddy? Kenzie: no... ELMO!
Crews resume search for missing Portland woman at Table Mountain today at 7am. Say her chances for survival are still good..
No matter what anyone says about the justice system and Casey Anthony verdict, am I allowed just to be feeling more than a little heartsick?
We're so happy to hear you enjoy it! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Glad you liked it :) Thank you for the mention.
you didn't zing me until the "interesting" and that's when u got me good and really embarrassed me.
where you from bruh
"Formula for success: Rise early, work hard, strike oil." ~ John Paul Getty
Definitely almost face planted on my walk home. #donttextandwalk LOL!
My before and After Shot is awsom,e
really ? you think that you come before your own family ? all you are, is a fucking piece of shit & a FAILURE as a father ! #gtfoofmylife !!
#OperationCondor has taken flight.
my email is .edu
etf fan, eh? it was better with ronnie, true or false?
Incidentally, when Klein's DOE used public $$$ to create "oppo file" on , he was not being a mensch.
I use Pinboard, and I like it a lot, but the problem is really with me.
hahahahaha no way! :P I'm in Slytherin. :)
Wilders' opinions=unsavoury to Muslims=potential incitement. Same logic: every jew, homosexual and uncovered woman a potential inciter
everyone is getting pregnant and having babies....... and I'm jealous
6/11 1:40 AM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
I wonder what you meant by all of that you said today. We're you really joking?
Surprised former #Badgers center Peter Konz has slipped this far in draft, but not every team needs a center. Have to think he'll go soon.
Date 14. Drinks and some sort of surprise activity. Pray for me people!
#TRADhome yes, many congrats and can't wait to meet u all thurs
I'm gonna die
sorry, we don't have the textbooks for COP 2510 and 2930 on reserves or in the USF collections
we miss u also rock da house in springfield!!!
I hate those unrealistic movies where women are friends
thank you!
!! so no more earl of sandwhich in downtown disney?!? btw hopeless records was a bust :|
we still talking about mowing lawns or border control... Cause either way I'm used to it
It don't bother me.
Times Readers Inundated by False E-Mail on Subscriptions
“ I stand by it. I am even willing to speak at the school if anyone is interested. Don't worry no one is interested.
Sunday: coffee, laundry, & web analytics.
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo trying on ten different outfits just to end up wearing the first one you tried on. LOL
better get your news caster to apologize!! There are some offended Indians fans over here!!
Good luck tomorrow
Have serene day, Fellow Tweeters! Peace out.
Hoes will hoe Bitches will bitch
Hi , you might have to replace your unit, call customer support at 1-888-425-6739!
Ya feel meh? Nobody ever feels meh.
you should bring and with you!!! I miss my Sisters!
yeah right, that's a good one! Lol
Saw "The Lucky Ones" this weekend... me and giggled like teenage girls ha
Dear flight 768 since I have to be in the middle please put good people next to me at least
Wishing you a successful week. :)
. says Facebook is the size of the web in 2004. That's perspective.
Landed in SF. #oscon was awesome! Now to write it all up and start planning for next year.
A qualified yes? A remediated representation of it, but missing physical-world component. (Now 20 secs.)
I can fly man!!! u cannot destroy my dream!
The Best Christmas Gift Would Be A Broncos Win & A Raiders Loss!
Okay so you all have until tomorrow at 5:30 pm EST to send stuff to me for the video. I get home from work then so ill be making it then!
This is leading to an 'I'm nearing Uranus' joke, isn't it?
Haha. It's all yours, man.
Almost died when I heard One Thing on the radio. Not okay.
Every one Follow help them get more followers.! #TeamWonder and
I think I have learned what is important to an association planner! Just listen.
$2.50 Bud Light pints ALL NIGHT!!!
No bubble for me!
Finally Kentucky Basketball season, greatest time of the year
I agree wit U . People need 2leave U alone !!!! Jus kno im here for U .
yeah like me rite
Frequently disappointed with those that will not own their failures as fervently & responsibly as their successes.
": You were born to be real, not perfect. You are here to be you, not someone else."
See you there?!
It'd mean the world to me if you followed back<3
Alright! Tomorrow we will start. haha
that makes two of us lolbvs!!!
Dont wait! Buddy's has all you need to complete your Holiday shopping. Check out our Computers, TV, Furniture
Can't wait for Paul to pull a victory tomorrow. :-)
God has BIG plans for Ms. Victoria! :-)
Farmers market and eating pizza w/ , recording a hilarious podcast, and diving into the third #HungerGames book
And here it comes... the struggle to write the conclusion paragraph.
Congrats Jr on 2nd wish it could've been 1st
hope the same can happen to me someday :]
Magician Chris Bolter is going to be up soon...
I did it.. Finally gave in and downloaded words with friends app.
laughing...just realized you were talking about dog's behavior on this date
that's strange. Hmm. Does it need to be cross platform compatible? Cuz OS Extended (Journaled) reacts best in OS X obviously..
you got Sweat?
Watch Commission meeting live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
No more GCB?! Boo!
Day number 8 of ONLY listening to Boyz II Men while I take my shower
if the heat lose again, then you know that's gone happen.
Studio with today
My alarm must love my sleep time but hate my work time
#BestThingsAboutBeingSingle no guy has to admit to being your boyfriend when you do something stupid
yeah, i think so. either this week or last. possibly about getting some work in.
sorry, not going to make it :( Cinco de Mayo festivities!
good morning Greg! Great pics- I'm working sunrise shift today and am deliriously tired... How do you do it??
Great day to shop for floors!!! :)
finally got around to hearing the new EP. Solid as always, brother.
"Boss's Day" is on Monday, October 17 Why don't we make it "Stick it to your bosses Day"
if you really are a serial killer you're probably gonna break my camera because you're so damn ugly
followed babe :)
Thank you for the shout out!
I Really HATE #Sendoffs :/
I just finished a 5.03 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
LBJ what a pass
Folks climbing up the bank of I-10 to snap photos of the massive crowd.
Hey guys, great job and so glad you finally got the win. Rooted for you even though you're from Chicago.
Hey, Superstar! When are you and Yvonne going to come to Santa Monica for a field trip to the Polish deli?
Yeah, crazy week but looking forward to checking it out. Thank you sir!!!
Okay!!!! Why is all my friends in school calling me talking about OMG Bahja and Princeton got into an argument mm I don't believe them tho
500 new followers in the past 9 days... You keeping up?
HOW MUCH DO U LOVE UR GRANDERZ
That's why I don't be fuckin wit Chicago clubs...either gta fight or get raped!! SMH
First pun in #SOTU history? Cry over spilt milk?
I guess it's almost official, Tuesday the house is no longer mine.
Wow it's quiet over on your side of the hallway today.
whatchin tv.o what r u eatin
Time for bed. My 5th cycle project went really well tonight. Got an 89% on it! :) Mixing session is next!
Singing a couple songs tonight in Hermosa beach at Club 705!
is still in?
Claire: I have argued that the OCLC database has a chance to catch up!
yu failed me
Well that's pathetic.
Aubree is super cute, darling. No wonder, she looks like you.
Id seriously the stupidest show on TV. This just shows ANYBODY can act. Shame on Disney channel to put on such garbage.
Madonna can't even lip-synch convincingly anymore.
Thanks for sharing your great piece.
My doctor told me that I have ADHD but when I got home and checked, I still only have basic cable. Lying bastard!
ewww you're a Mets fan????
Go spurs Go
Will the metro close at midnight still if caps game goes to 3OT? Funny to think of thousands of people stranded in Chinatown.
What is my shopping list for this?
Ooh, bucket list! One day.. #NFLdraft I will be there.
Leonardo da Vinci Anatomist exhibition at Buckingham Palace
it's shooting now, may 2013
Great to have one in downtown Louisville!
wrong question....
Um yes! But not this Sunday because I'll be out of town! But definitely in two Sundays from now! Yay!!
RT If we're growing, we're always going to be out of our comfort zone.”—John Maxwell
I find that the most challenging part of my job. I just do the best I can to demonstrate how and show features
ok I did my part. Your turn.
back in #seattle! is gonna rock this year
HELL YES! <3 RT : Now that you're back..CHECK OUT GOODBYE COASTLINE. You're gunna fall in love :)
Scott Pilgrim could take over my world...lol
OMFG. i walked in my english class and someone was eating it. I didn't have to even put it in my locker. fml. it was melted.
Who would like to see a funny brain teaser that has been going around Facebook today!?
yay i cant wait to meet you! :)
And I happen to know that at least two of the four Dot libraries are just dismal.
Tony just mentioned someone baking cookies for him and for a second I thought he was gonna have the Big-O right on air...
Warm ups on and the count down to the drop of the puck vs St Cloud is less than 20 minutes away.
It' s my birthday today yayyy May 12 th !
Hello December
haha fiancé would love a dog that big! He's 6'3 so not little pups for him lol
Feel good to be me :)
buy me candy >:D
she has '165 grandchildrens'. that's a lot of twitter followers! “: I had no idea she had the Twitters. This is frightening.”
wait wait wait there is an avocado twitter account now? OMG EXCUSE ME WHILE I GO PISS MYSELF.
U kno i heard....those asians think its cool to b able to talk to the europeans n americans...
You're welcome...and that's a nice way to start of my week...RT : G'morning hugs and thank you for the RT
Good point, : None of the men who think parenthood is THE MOST IMPORTANT JOB IN THE WORLD seem willing to do it FT themselves.
I bet you want to Free Mumia.
let the ignorance begin!
glad we can close that chapter! :-)thank you!
I am way to happy in the mornings
this is by no means pro wrestling or mma... mma is a mixture of various fighting styleshat requires years of focus and training
OMGoodness, we talk about need and want ALOT in this house especially if you didn't want it, you wouldn't be upset right now
Loll. For real. She wont shutup
If you didn't know, buttered bread dipped in soup is divine. But you probably knew.
You think Yan can cook? Well, then you've never had the treats prepared by Makes Yan's food look like a trip to golden corral
is that recent? Are you growing out your hair? Looks longer than I remember.
aha ok you soo that (:
awww . :/ get better fast ! remember give my name out once your over there . ;D lol I'm so happy for you !
I wish those people would email me back about the cat.. ahh i want it so bad..
The Kinect sensor's microphone collection enables the Xbox 360 to conduct sound source localization and ambient noise suppression.
On My Mind, All Day, Angle Angle (new), and Not Just You :)
Your welcome ^_^
Should never have prematurely called the Pittsburgh winter a big sissy.
I think they thought I was someone else
True. Although Mark Z pretty much IS Facebook.
LOL gotta love you, Jamie :)
words to live by. Thanks for sharing.
Congrats on your final, and congratulations on your anniversary!
-sigh- the Saints were so close ]:
#CheckItOut was alright tonight. In other bedtime news, there are a lot of new selections on Netflix #RecentlyAdded. Nigh nigh
This new Indie Burger joint in Chicago should only be so named if the beef was raised by Pitchfork editors or Bon Iver.
NOT- Lose My Mind (freestyle)
Just ran 8 miles in a hour and tens minutes. Feeling awesome.
no signal! after party
The Neil Gordon Trio will be at ENSO this Friday, April 15, from 8:00 to 11:00 pm. Come and out and enjoy terrific food and fine music.
RT : Amazing work!! RT Just fucking killed it at My dude is murkin shit now!!!!!
: kick my leg?
so apparently saying dont touch my stuff or go in my room dosent mean anything anymore
Almost certainly true. RT : Must be the only person in the world putting a goose to bed while wearing black tie.
And now you're just somebody that I used to know.
hi! so exciting.
Peppers Broad Ripple has $.25 drinks all night! Ludicrous!
how much personal tension is there between Rory and Westwood?
"Angel Eyes"- by is awesome! I can't wait to perform it for my audition in Nashville!
Wisconsin is a rough place to travel to what with all the quality beer, excellent cheeses, and reasonable weather.
Dunno honestly I'm not with them anymore. I'd love to see it, but up to them to do it.
HAPPY NEW YEAR ! Hope to see U in 2012 #feelthelove fr
well that sucked ! Yankees lose to Texas
copper first ab tonight and is playing left
What kind of Wow?
when did it come out? I bought it in 2000 or 2002 on cd
#AustinMakeANewCover I Miss them ):
Dear, Starbuks Coffee. I wanted you to go in my mouth not on my shirt and pants. I guess next time.
oh ok...i may have to work...but i def dnt mind going still
To your bartender well tonight.
haha omg i've never had anyone scared of me... well, not that i know about i guess!!
While dinner cooks: working on tomorrow's blog post. Doing my best to juggle the Big Move and my creative life :)
ha ha too funny
Responded to FIRE @ 816 Greene Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11221 and helped 10 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
sorry but payphone sucks!!!! I love you Blake Shelton
daw my doggie wants to cuddle wif me tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
new song #blessings is beautiful and touches your heart! She is an amazing singer and friend!
I want to go to there. RT: COMING IN MAY—A major retrospective of Roy Lichtenstein’s career.
Nonviolence avoids not only external physical violence but internal violence of spirit: you refuse to hate. MLK, Jr.
"Love, peace and soul."
thx...hoping it's just severely bruised. def following RICE for now.
Tomorrow after school, we'll hit the hill and get up shots at Fonde'.
should stop by game before u head south!
Good Luck! RT Sat in a Chevy Volt! Great car!! Hoping to win one via
rough morning here too! But it's ok.
it told me that h laughed so hard when u saw this of me I didnt check the link
Best deals on poker stuff!!! www.eproducts4less.biz
I really thought today was going to be my day to go without crying.....
donate plasma
Must see Magic Mike. Comes out June 29. Doubt I will find anyone to see it with me though haha
I'll be officially moved back to McHenry Wednesday night after my sisters graduation ceremony!!
Fuck my life. i cant use a damn spoon.
thanks will do.
True gentleness is founded on a sense of what we owe to him who made us and to the common nature which we all share. It arises f
who is shooting a movie? A real one or a crap one?
If you want to sell your car, van or truck fast for cash, we will give you TOP DOLLAR with no hassles.
little early do Yankee tweets ps Marchand should have two now
No friends,
That is a tough one. It does get annoying but at the same time it brings awareness to certain issues quickly
wow hey long time ya sorry the Packers are at home
That awkward moment when and say almost the exact same thing at the exact same time...
Wishing you a very Merry Christmas!
Young Adult
I ordered a white Simone cardigan from you and it had a stain on it! should I bring it into a store or send it back to you guys?
i like the other way better =]
#Debt: any fragile economic instabilities we face as nations, will always be especially hard on the poor. Let your conscience be your guide.
Beautiful blog post, made me all weepy (tho that's standard these days). Really, really happy for you. Congrats! Yay babies!
u don't know that!!!
Tinker bell is my world . .
Prepare your plan of action and strictly follow it
RIAA has never admitted this. Unauthorized reproduction of even 1s and 0s you own violates 106(1), some have said. So, fair use?
I wish I was a cat. Yolnt.
Park City is awesome! One of the best spots in the USA for snow sports.
So depressed cuz i cant go see in milwaukee. I love you cody!!! And ive cryed so much because i really want to go support you
Be Hurry follow if not follow yet and get followed
Celtics Game Baby (:
I think it's the cutest thing when my mom calls and asks me how to spell 'economics' so she can write a comment on
I just LOVE doing Math homework on a Monday!
I have absolutely no idea what you're referencing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
It's all a facade!
J.R. your very welcome. Looking forward to your tweets.
#InstantFollowBack I FOLLOW BACK IMMEDIATELY DESPITE MY SLOW INTERNET LOL!
No ride to court tomorrow I'm going to jail smh
is there a webcast of last week's show available?
Geeky project du jour: Putting to use the stockpile of old receipts by plugging them into a grocery price book.
Bounding over the waves sheproceeded rapidly on her course
I think Im going to start tweeting productively, starting with regurgitating all the nutrition stuff I read about
I really don't know the chick that sits on the other side of me well enough for her to tell me how she peed her pants in a taxi last night.
As a kid I got a Jack McDowell cassette tape for Christmas. Still listen to it. Cant find on cd.
think of the possibilities!!! Gosh that would be fun!!! We'd tear this city UP!
im pure mexican! Wow ure chinese and filipino..cool..do u speak both languages?
do the Ravens even know they need a wr?
To continue our #WW & a Fav of ours Thnx
Crazy finish. Owls come back and won by 1
Cradling this coffee like a newborn. Asleep? fuck you.
Im chaffing......fml. 3 more hours to go.... keepin me alive.
I'm sure it's adorable. I'm putting in a request for more ice cream recipes. We got the Kitchenaid attachment for Christmas.
Flight attendant literally just said, "the flight time will be FOREVER, 2 hrs & 50 min."
VISIT YOUR CHURCH LAST YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME. I ENJOYED IT. CANT WAIT TO VISIT AGAIN. THANKS BISHOP BRONNER
well let me know when u get it up & running so I can check u out...
What a beautiful sight. Is it football season yet?
I dont get you sometimes You do what u do but have problems wit what i do & dont even talk to me bout it. Assumptions will ruin good things
When your eyes are so dry they feel as if they're going to fall right out of your head.
Me too RT : So tired I can hardly stand it. It's as if the entire week just caught up with me Right. Now.
i thought beliebers were a family? now we're fighting? hm.
simply addicted to each other <3
And a dude fell into the fountain
so did the meeting cancel and you watch the game? Have to say i was glad Bayern won.
Surprisingly enough, I think a decent amount of people are coming to our show wed. night@ The Mix. Hurray for weekday drinkers!
caramel shit i wish :)
I am trying really hard right now...
Need 2 Hit Me Up Wit Summo Of Dem Dealzzzzzzzzzzzz
are you at the official draft party???
When u try to kill a spider on ur headboard and miss... and it disappears. Great, imma sleep just fine. Not.
Of course! Xx
i have sprectros and knights
watch some you tube videos or read about that dude that got 30 kids and pay each mom $1.49 child support per month
I have my old driod!
OK, you win for most awesome day ever!
We need men who can dream of things that never were. - John F. Kennedy
Walmart In Bloomington . <<<<
I'm Being A Doggy Groomer Today :)
So proud of all my sisters graduating today!
ok. I'll be sure to check it out! What do I go to though! Lol
I believe they are both back up and running.
Just voted for our favs in Boston's #munchmadness. Who did you vote for?
Congrats! RT : I won tix to the Yanks in September. Wahooooo! Right outside the Trinity Church.
2 blondes walked into a bar...
I hate to think all you have of me is a memory I left you, space between what was meant to be and the mess that it turned into
I can only retweet others because I'm too nervous for original thought right now.
No matter what you do on the computer you always end up on twitter, youtube or facebook.
really wants some celebrities to follow me. (:
Dope Artist + Hard work = (National Superstar)
Follow #MomInspired. Party starts in 30 minutes! Can't wait :)
The Taken are the newest addition to the Interscope record family!!!
That is good, yes. It's also like 40% of the true capacity of their home stadium, so there's that.
In Portland Oregon for the National Association of Counties Conference.
she has panic attacks at being spontaneous
it's good!
So true! After my journey to TT due to , I realized my Mr. Pibb was extra tasty because of the awesome ice!
row row row your boat gently dwn the strem throw ur friends off the boat and listen to them scream! >x-)
hahahah that was so funny! But it's true. #honesty #bff's <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
You're cute:) follow me?<3
;) yeah what he said! : SA is the 7th largest city in the US, SF the 13th. Just saying.
BRANDON SAAD IS PLAYING? Amazing!
Piano recital
It's funny okay like I was laughing when I wrote it hdhi
John Lu dressing like a nerdy asian doesn't make you a hipster or in style. Just making it easier for racists
Ladies your weave shud b shampooed @ least every 2 wks Cuz nobody wants to lay next to a MUSTY CRUMBY weave! Thnx
Please pull through this sheridan! You are soo loved
Gym time!! Oh and it's payday.
Just had a great 1st set ever with Edi Gbordzi & Projkt Timbukale @ Fair Trade Coffee, State St, Madison. Passing on
it's all about football, basketball and baseball in the ATL. Our hockey team moved to Canada last year.
I have three words for this class.
Let's put some positive news on the Brewers website... that thing's bringin' me down!
do the 'Skins know what they are doing? trade the future away and franchise a player who was suspended 4games.
whatever the heck just happened was apparently enough to warrant an alert on tv.
Has a cut on the side of my eye. #ouch #inpain it hurts to blink. O.o
Love the Mickey Mouse club bring it back
#FF Have a wonderful weekend!!!
Yeah...I think so too. But I might be projecting b/c I wonder where Jameer falls in all this.
a must watch for everyone! Heartbreaking and a tough watch..thank God they dropped the R rating!
story of my life paid to be bored as f***
Starbucks makes a morning so much better ! <U+2615>
boring day today. D: still grounded fawk!
can't wait for wednesday, because #americanidol and . i wish that boy would follow me!
Hahahahaha, go way to call out Simon! Agree that Simone is not a $5 million dollar contestant.
Songs about Stockholm + references to Gram & Emmylou? , where have you been all my life?
Benny Benassi Tickets for this Saturday at Myst plus Eric Schafroth's birthday i got them in my hand text me asap $25 per Ticket!!
I've dated too many guys that chew... I actually really like the smell of
2 am. Still working. Boring tweets. Over it.
Ok, so, every time I post an article from LinkedIn it looks like spam? I'll be sure to ad synopses from now on...
To all my friends. I love you! I would like to say a prayer for all of you today. May God give you all your hearts wishes and dreams be done
Haha Nice. Cool shirt.
thanks! Have fun
hey hey that wasn't a very long stickam chat
Guess I don't need to meet with that penthouse realtor after all
Haha whatever that's a lie last time you said anything to make you not* happy -___- haha
So happy it is Friday...can't wait to for the weekend! :)
lets work
following the #rsac #botnet session from Redmond
i really wanted to dress up as a cat tonight :(
#FF to all of my followers. :)
I think so too!
how can constituent who encountered systemic incompetence& corruption in CA family justice system talk to staff in ur office?
I am the Mayor of I 35
Hey people with 5,000+ followers, you should probably have made a Wikipedia page for yourself by now.
yeah that was incredible...that dude sounded like he was playing 3 instruments at the same time!
Last week they called him "The magic they have been waiting for" ...
I love my grandma with her short self lol
I THINK IM DIGGING THIS EVO 3D !!!
Guterman: Health care legisl had 1st fed funding ever for home visiting services. A good baby step.
more like cowards because they can't face the truth, and stand to look at the others person's face without feeling shame.
RT : #SuperBowl nothing wrong with this game a debris caution can't fix.
I already knew your answer. But let me ask you this. What do you think of Roy Jones in his prime?
Might you be able to mention Moore's RFI on Data Intensive Science at #WolframSummit ?? Good crowd, wish I could be there!
Off to school big math test today:/
I'm laughing and is very mad at you...
I see I gain some new followers while I was sleep that's the move!
Gm baby <U+274C><U+2764>
Follow me
When your heart just falls to your stomach because you were happy and never knew you were doing something wrong..:/
New Clutch dates announced.
On a bus in queens, NYC is so gritty wow
Tonight ft At
Woke up wasting my breathe...but you know what, I'm done. New day, new start. Thank you God for being such a provider.
"I havent heard any questions or comments that seem fatal to lorc": live blogging #FDA review of new
Just saw John Lithgow at trestle on tenth. Had a delicious breakfast too.
Never knock on death's door, ring the bell and run away, death really hates that
OK, OK, Maybe I shouldn't say "cred gone." But we are def on different levels, lady.
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Conflicts Analyst for their client in Silicon Valley and Boston. The Conflicts Analyst will b…
Not sure if it's due to crowds, but CM's are really restricting movement through the lights. Lots of blocked paths.
Researching website accessibility. What are people's favorite checklists and guidelines?
I'll always give you something you can quote.
Houlihan's is closed and will be reopened as Hot Dish this Friday. Sorry for the inconvenience!
yes! I agree. We must.
''I'm not sure I can pour acid in your face'' ''It's okay, just don't get it in my eyes.''
showing your junk? I'm so excited to be hash tagged! Lol
well... There's my blond moment 4 the week. I need to dye my hair #artificialintelligence :-)
hm, app cloud
I know right. You acting all celebrity like.
You are so lame, whatever. We will go without you and have a blast. :p
thanks for the RT, have an awesome day
my inbox
your dad works for CNN?
If I'm the Pens, I stop running it up. You don't want to be on the ice for 20 mins with an angry, nothing to lose Flyers team. Right?
ZooKeys paper submitted!!
- Thanks for the follow. Blaze
I will! Thx! Have fun at the Super Bowl!
The first time I heard U2 I was driving down the highway in Panama and New Year's Day was playing.
Great job! Keep it up!
#HIRED Congrats Ty, look forward to seeing you this summer!
Confession #8: When I was younger, I always cried when someone said, "I'm telling on you."
Good morning! Off to Yankee Stadium we got for All-U commencement! #graduation!
when u have the chance please see way I wrote on your wall on Facebook (:
Just got back from the hardware store where I inadvertently played the perfect stereotype of an airheaded woman. Should've eaten lunch.
YES! One big family tree <3
oh man
just like an "ad guy" to be focused on the commercials.
I'm gonna ruin my slushie with vodka
Congrats on finalizing your deal with your new apartment. Welcome to the neighborhood!
The world would be a boring place without
I couldn't...I couldn't find the temperature.
We'd be happy to help you with this! Shoot us an email at
Get Ready for Spring Break! Head to Marquette Tan and Laundry any day before noon and tan for just $5!!
I'm not sure who will eventually invent oil's renewable energy replacement, but I'm fairly certain Al Gore will take credit for it.
Sleep Tip of the Week: There should be no television, radio, or music playing while your child is going to sleep. If you have a good...
you too!
Now featuring winner of Christian Album of the Year, Janice Faber and her album Measures of Grace at SoloPiano.com!
DBS is playing across the street at The Hard Rock Battle of the Bands at City Walk at 8pm. Maybe we can hop over after!
Damn - feeling worse as the day goes on. Crashing so hard when I get home.
The holidays are quickly approaching!!! Reserve the clubhouse to hold your holiday gatherings. Contact the leasing office for details.
ah yes that would make it pretty awesome lol
Audition craziness up in here! Another one down and one more to go tomorrow. I like this busy business. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC>
when u going to text me
OK, I need to stop doing nothing, turn off the computer and sleep
my inner thighs are getting so muscular they kinda smash my balls when I walk. Anybody else have this problem? Lol
can I borrow your Nickelback CD?
Wow, poor Ken Foree is in this? Oof.
Any mke #runners heading down to the Chicago Polar Dash sat.? #DNation will be there and so will our awesome mentor !
S/O DJCITI from the CitiTeam movement
so this morning is terrible…been up since 3 working on stuff…then i get in my car 2 go 2 school & get around the corner 2 notice a flat tire
Robert Spano and Todd Nichols, Welcome to Bonamour! Your in good hands with S. Kain!
Are you in Hattiesburg
Sad Face
Thanks for your excellent response!
Dumb twitter app doesn't show my tweets!!
Cleveland, please be safe.
no problem - those were some wild statistics!
So Dwayne wade n lebrom James are playing ball the weekend I'm going to horror nights
Thanks for that! Lol
Okay Hokies...lets pray...I seen Hokies come back before.. we can still do it.
I'm in the UC.
i like google plus, but i don't use it. maybe that's why i like it. seems everyone i know is either scared of it or outright hates it.
you alright???
I'm so slow on the uptake these days, but...new Twitter name?!? Love it, it sounds like a BET show.
Can #Facebook buy #Twitter and take over???
all of the above.
Time to mow the lawn -.- #WheresMyWifebeater?
God. Yes.
Been down about the whole playoffs thing then I realized hey atleast I don't look like and I still have you
I don't want to be your favorite or your best. I want to be your only one and make you forget the rest.
#ChernobobylDiaries looks fantastic
Brown paper packages tied up with string, what are a few of your favorite things. Tell the
i am SO in love with 's new record. it is absolutely phenomenal.
looking forward to my $6 glass of wine! room on the patio??
Life makes love look hard
Time for big banh theory
Come what may.
omfg! bitch you dumb
thanks bud, always appreciate your support!
TDK Corporation Announces Multilayer Ceramic Capacitor Sample Kits
It's bad enough I naturally look like 15.. Now being sick I sound like I just hit puberty. Lol picture me tryna get a drink tonight smh
I challenge you to any game bro, can you drive yet(LOL)? If so road trip to FL. HU poker, 1on1 tennis/bball n amaretto shots!!
Every meeting is in a hotel that is in a city that is in a state. Hard to find location where all 3 are controversy-free.
Microsoft to Issue a Dozen Updates Next Week for Windows, Visio
RT : my sister just did the absolute most, but that what birthdays are about. I love her!<<<aww I love Yall 2 Muah
haha that's so weird like everyone from r town did
PLEASE tell me it's not an all-female class, Hill!!!
is there a band?
Fabulous job by Wang leading #Searle discussion on teaching in a globalized classroom
Why do people drive aggressively in areas they've never been before? Oh yeah, fear.
I heard that's really good. Verdict?
. I bet also forgot to mention The Guyver.
*skirt* .-. My dress keeps going up when i walk -____-
If it's sexy to leave a little to the imagination, my snuggie is dangerous...
Indiana's poet laureate to read her work at Purdue University Calumet 11 a.m. today, Y Jean Chambers Hall, 353 Student Union/Library Bldg.
Every Sat we'll pose a question to our viewers and ask for their 2cents on the topic...#2centssaturday. Make "cents" now? :-)
I know. It probably does.
And . . . here we go! #DesignBizChat for the month of May! Welcome everyone!
in a bizarre twist, i appear to be the only one eating the chocolates in the little bowl on my desk.
I am watching the "Grilled Cheesus" episode of Glee... Oh, how I love this show.
Taylor Ashlee have issues lmao !! But I love you too bestie (: <<< this bitch too <3
High fives to Haruki Nakamura, Brent Celek, and for sure...The foundation of a new era of #Bearcat football!
His ass was found GUILTY...
she has fallen in love w/the white gaze & deeply believes black people are inferior. Resistance from Hirsi? Forget it.
shout out ?(:
What am I doing? Come on, stop dealing with Twitter. You don't have much time left!
Wishing it could & it would happen #comeon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Was just behind MA (461 JK6) - blue Nissan Sentra. Brake light is out.
#CGI is using #MarkLogic to revolutionize
#king of the hill
It's Monday and won yesterday!! It is going to be a good week.
Sometimes you watch your mother in action and you're like I'm just like that... In a good way.
anything for psn today sir?
In Arts with my......... Lol he's been hacked
I LOVE YOU(:
Happy birthday, Courtney! I love you, have a wonderful day!
Preview night is this coming Wednesday! Yikes!
Moving, planning to move, or know someone who is? Why not make it a greener move? Mention our Facebook and get 10% off your box rental,...
uh not a clue lol I'll check when I get home! But it was $600 so probably like $300
Sometimes PR can be too fluffy, if you write like a journalist (reporter), you will have more credibility
Hello wall, I have just hit you. It's only 4pm you say? Ok, I'll peel myself off and keep going (not like I EVER stop)...
;-) motivating all the way around!!! Me too, btw!
Absolutely Hilarious! Best street scene ever. I'll follow your Friday night path for cheap entertainment w/ "On Demand".
Lmao like don't text my phone and say don't call u like I care not
Hey If I automatically renewed my membership, do I still get an awesome t-shirt for my kexp collection???
I am attending 2 Celebrations of Life this weekend and my takeaway is putting even higher value on my friends that are there everyday.
What is the difference between a Washington, D.C. politician and a catfish? One is a bottom-feeding scum-sucker and the other is a fish.
Wow did someone really make a twitter with the username ZaynsAvocado.
I'm a little late on this one but I wanted to thank and for the awesome training.
how u doing? :) and will u follow me
When one door closes another door opens, but sometimes were so busy looking at the close one that we dont see the open one <3
already what's the delli
Me and supply the HAM at Christmas dinner
New books on my desk: Albright, Deford and Albright and Deford are coming to the library. Hope Andy will too. :)
#UK is just too good.
Oh heavens, I've never met anyone who uses my all time favorite cologne... Until now!! Uh oh, I might be in trouble
#IfOnly I could drive...
wishing you a POSITIVELY wonderful holiday season
Thanks, how are u by theway?
Farecast is awesome.
No time 4 fakes
bitch shut up
“ “ “ A boyfriend that can tell hoes that he got a girlfriend is a real nigga.”””
Paint on your Ceramic Dinner Plates- Ceramic Painting Project - Art and Craft
well i was on about going in my birthday suit but my teacher said it wasnt a good idea soo ya know xx
Please translate for those of us who do not know Arabic? I'd assume, something to do with Palestine? Thanks.
From Gradhacker: Hacking your academic conference. (Good advice for grad students going to
lol haha well I blew you a kiss
BIG CONGRATS :-) RT : Doh! Out of town that weekend too for the honeymoon!
Goodnight Tony,have dreams of Elementary Penguins~!
Ferrell is kind ripping off Ted Baxter times 2. "Hello Mary, Hello Lou!"
Can't wait!!
because they are great, no? Every try them?
you performed so good today:) I missed seeing your happy energy:), I tried saying hi but you didnt really pay attention lol:)
Making an adamantium reference in a story about nail polish. Thank you, and good night!
I want to cake it this summer!!
Just found out that my birth card is the Ace of Spades!Awesome!Gotta love an Ace of Spades toting Gemini Fire Snake!Danger!;-)
I'm the UsA's Crimson :) Or at least I once aspired to be like they were in late-1990s. Don't know the work out now.
throw in urban farmsteading and that's everyday in Portland
That was an amazing first audition on The X Factor. Get stuck in!
I mean, I thought there was a book in your newest post that had to do with marketing.
since ive lost you im lost too!!<U+2665> - lil wayne -anna
Thunderbolt and lightning Very very frightening me!
Yeah dude Ghost Recon is gonna be good! I hate when things get pushed back, its for the better if they can make the game better!
yes, its called DELETE
Now is a great time to buy farmland or ranchland in central Florida. Contact me and I'll show you.
if kidd-gilchrist comes back, I could see him getting some love. But I think you may be on to something here.
ON THA GRIND- THE SERIES. Coming This Summer.
did you brush your teeth today.....did your pet? a healthy pet means good dental care...and to help we have all dental products 15% off!
That man knows.
omg #IKEA opens tomorrow think i'll wait a couple months!
Customers want quick simple solutions. TalentGuard heads off future concerns, listens to feedback & swiftly adjusts, and focuses on quality.
- there's always next month - Saturday, November 19th
best ideas: 1) fired from Solomon, 2) found good people to start Bloomberg, and 3) allowed them to do by they do best!
regrets really do collect.....Thanks Florence and the Machine.
The Mets Bullpen Is In Shambles Right Now Frankie Cant Throw Strikes So They Should Let Rauch Have A Crack At It
Any rhyming tribute to NORAD this year? Twas epic
Thank you to the 800 followers, spambots, and parody accounts who put up with what I have to say over the years!
Finally! All turnovers are automatically reviewed.
I meant the States? Lol.
you Look so beautiful please follow me :)
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the hell is the ceiling.
Next chick I get better be shooting with me in the gym! lol
": Happy Hump Day! May we suggest a #DietCoke to get over it?" Don't mind if i do :)
i feel like girls have a legit hidden agenda they slick plan evrything out on the low lol
that would be so awesome.
Did anyone else wonder why Matt was taking Liz's son out to see a movie? Aww, that's nice...but...wuzzah???
« You're right.. I am crazy. But you know what else? I don't give a fuck.»
You all looked like you had a good time. Maybe it will have to be a regular halftime feature!
My only bit of annoyance with the BEWARE THE BATMAN cartoon is that I'll have to see all the comments about Batman not being Kevin Conroy...
love this new product line. Güd things really do happen:)
I wonder if real estate agents have conferences and write articles about "the end of real estate"
In bed by ten on a Saturday night, because I am 80. I'd be embarrassed but I'm too tired to work up the energy.
miss u we need to do dinna or a drink!
guys im back
I've seen better. Lol RT: “: What do you think of my new chain bikini?
RT : I have a question what if OEMs allowed us to try the cars on the track before buying as part of the test drive.
oh well I would just use it on the site anyway.
Life check: work in 45 minutes...payday friday...should I go on?
and you guys think you're cool? :)
Please don't let drive you down the #MESSY street that she lives on.
I like that song....lol
oh a new biz, that's muy exciting! Congratulations.
psychotic: loss of contact with reality, usually including false beliefs about what is taking place.
Gray hair is relentless!
I made the decision to move when I was scraping 25" of snow off my car by myself. And I'm only 5'3"
Alex cash money <3
How is everyone doing today? I hope everyone is well and ready to enjoy the weekend
IN LOVE WID MYSELF
have you ever looked at the ADNAN SAKLI case ... Kiddnapped in Italy... Still there and broke .... He owned 27 banks
Would you guys actually BUY Wub One Out Merch if I got it together? Shirts, Hoodies, Stickers, Hats? Let me know!
Maybe he'll make Courier's seniors tour more popular than the ATP...
You were made to break the mold
Proverbs 29:18Misfortunes, untoward events, lay open, disclose the skill of a general, while success conceals his weakness, his weak points
Tonight we're celebrating at Not sure what we're celebrating, but in Canada you don't need a reason. 19+ to drink!
You probably thought that you'd make me cry but baby it's okay I swear it's okay
Boot Camp workout this morning done...BOOM!!! Who else is ready for an awesome Friday!
more snow in wisconsin... i think someone is trying to send us a message to get the heck out of dodge (milwaukee)
delightfully contentious panel followed by "sly fox" & perogies
thanks Jojo!! Have a great night and don't get into trouble!! You're too lovely to get into trouble!!!
Crew in PC2 realizng that quoting lines from diff movies in a Forrest Gump voice is hilarious. "What? That ain't no country I ever heard of"
Paris Jackson is so pretty
Niggas easily forget where they come from and who was tha nigga lend a helpin hand when he wasnt even able to help his Shep tha St. Rev.
yes! He had a beard and a mustache that curls at the end
Happy birthday to my sister Stephanie hehe love you
Marijuana is not a gateway drug that leads to harder drugs. It's more of a drive thru drug that leads to french fries and frosties
Her waist anorexic but her ass is colossal
Good morning! Let's start this work week with zeal! In the words of Ralph Waldo Emerson, "the world belongs to the energetic" :)
He can follow the tweet stream via the hashtag #smbmad and #uwsocial. Maybe in the future we'll webcast!
DTE SLOW THEN A MF TAKING ALL GOT DAM DAY
Word. Thanks for the info.
Hilarious moment when you see somebody you know on the food network channel. You should of picked her!!
You're the only one I want to be with. Forever. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Just watched being John Malkovich
your heart earrings are done!!!!
Would be great! Keep rockin :)
it's interchangeable, but Keyon Dooling is definitely Craig Ehlo
Sugar Shane bones are made of steel cause he should of got knocked out. Dude is 40years old fighting
Hanging out with my bestfriendc: >>>>>>> hanging out with anyone else
Crazy thoughts, calm actions. SURPRISE!
I always loved the newspaper offices at Tweed when I worked as EIC. It was my favorite place to get quiet studying done!
On the way to 1 touch barbershop
I swear my twitter does things I'm pretty sure I don't tell it to do -_-
Sleeping in your favorite persons shirt <3
Glad you guys liked the mention! We'd actually love to interview you sometime, too!
RT : Snowing in Coast Range. Could see a mix in metro before south winds switch to all rain. Low snows through Thu am
Barefoot in the Park Festival of Fine Arts today til 5pm, Duluth dwntn, noon Zephyr Instrumental concert w/ poetry & dance on the stage
Hey we need to talk. Email or call me please.
FOX NEWS is set up like RUPERT MURDOCH. FOX NEWS turns a BLIND EYE on FACTUAL INFORMATION. ARE they fit to be on the AIR? NLD Mom/ca surv.
Sorry , but we ain't never having no kids. lmao
Back at home. Good times, #marac, good times.
Listen Up! Mike speaks the truth! RT : need to differentiate from brand owned accounts and individual account
What do you know about what NGOs do the field?
Still didn't get a nap. now I'm debating if i really wanna go out tonight
Joy is what happens when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are. Marianne Williamson
am riteing nutella on a pice of paper that how bord jo is
25 cent taps 50 cent rails 1 dollar bombs tonight till 1!!!
thanx check out my new book free preview on my blog click the link on my page. Vanillas Ladies a Detroit based love story
#T4stars live If you could do a song with any artist who would it be?? :D p.s. I love you! <3
Totally saw the driver of an empty school bus drive down the road, open the doors and dump trash out! Despicable! #KeepOurEarthClean!
You may curious to know, how much you get for per tweet? actually its depends on the volume of your followers
The problem with Bootstrap is you can totally tell what uses it, and while it looks good I am already bored with it.
Um you obviously don't know who Is! (;-;)
88 percent of American men and women between the ages of 20 and 29 believe that they have a soul mate who is waiting for them
Great job on the Thai Chicken Salad
Go Green! Get rid of paper coupons! www.zesmo.com
Started in 2008, the August Wilson Monologue Competition is now held regionally in Pittsburgh, New York, Atlanta, Seattle, Chicago and LA
#Santorum leads #Romney by 16 pts. in Wisconsin, according to latest P poll.
Max Siegel will have a base salary of $500,000 annually as CEO of USA Track & Field.
yes for very special PEOPLE!!
Q: Why don't Deputy Fire Marshals look out the window in the morning? A: So they have something to do in the afternoon.
SHUT UP, I'll be in Rome! Would it be acceptable for me to come visit for a weekend??
Ok... First time in 6 years that we swept in Philly!!!! Holler y'all!!!!!
I'm so confused.
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can't. What you've got to do is turn around and say Watch me.
I didn't know there was a time limit...we milked it. He's a talker!
We're Hiring! - Full-time, experienced #Joomla Web Developer. Message me for more info & plz RT for ur friends
It's so hard for a person from the south in America to get known for playing hockey! It's not fair an I hope someone sees this I can playpro
You can tell by letting Chalmers taking that last shot they don't have enough confidence to shoot the final shot
It is time to cut the cord.
Could have. Lol
I agree! RT : Best text I've received all day: "If the pee sits, you must acquit."
i'm on my first ride, on a train. :D
trying real hard to keep it in line. in a great mood but feel like i cant handle things. im starting to see were i stand with allot of peopl
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D>
is currently completing my brand new kids puzle of all americas state. I WILL LEARN IT!!!!
Interesting. #SMEM (social media in emergency management) folks. What do you think about Verizon plan to allow texts to 911?
Saturday: Jim Ripp 6pm, Anthony Cao 9pm It's going to be a good night....
Who needs a girl singer? How about a photographer, ebay seller, or a star for your new movie? Oh, and record a couple of my songs. Thanks
Green tea and antibiotics. Does this mean i fail #beerclub ? Once again i waited to long. Pneumonia (spelling) and rest. GOD let me sleep!
Kazu Kibuishi says "my job is to teach kids to read with my drawings."
Baylor girls wear Nike and men wear Adidas. Thought deals were school wide? Seems strange that they don't have same deal.
Why is all this water just lying on the ground?!
Bout to get buck in here
Best place to go shopping for cool guys T-shirts in Denver??? Anyone??
Packed up the car. Ready to go home!
NOTED..haha; however, it gets the word out. -Jared
Last time i was in NY, I took the bus and missed my flight by 1min!!! Proly cuz the bus driver took a 10 min bathroom break
Update: will now be on SpeakEasy on WeAct Radio 1480 am at 7pm.
#BBW well get yo ass in the water
Some people like more hot sauce than others... and some people like more truffle oil than others. It's subjective. What do you all think?
“Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.” - Dalai Lama
Thanks so much I love your picture!
The most popular songs now are about sex, drugs, and alcohol. I think someone should step up and change that.
Don't tell me what to do. Im the one fucking this bitch your just holding the dam camera.
Best daily deals. Amercan visionary art museum.
nah, you want my ass (:<
beach round 2 <U+2600>
Nnamdi Asomugha to the Eagles?! That was kept SUPER quiet. Are the Eagles the team to beat in the NFC now??
If everything is worked out, then what's the problem. Are you just needing money, which is no easy matter.
he's quite the informer.
update on trivia- final question and it is what is the only letter not represented as the first letter of a capital city of a country????
well it's probably cause we have yet to hang out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Are you changing the number of posts to show through Dashboard>Genesis>Theme Settings & scroll down to the Blog Page area?
Fuck a hoe, move crack, bust a cop, fuck the world.
Hosted the ASAE idea swap today at NCC!! Great turnout!
Happy MgoMother's day! We love our moms!
hey thanks man. \m/
IM GOING TO WRITE MY FEELINGS ON PAPER..IF YOU RESPOND..THATS ON HIM..IF NOT AT LEAST I FEEL BETTER
Most of Superman was shot in Alberta Canada! 80's! Up Up and Away! YE
Lmao at this girl dancing on the pole
We've got the case of the crying boyfriend coming up with Judge Gino. That's 10 minutes away.
RT and Follow if you love T-shirts, Tank Tops, beaters , Hats and Hoodies! Thanks!.........
good to see you made it all safe to NZ - sounds like lots to talk about - Enjoy :)
anyways you've made me very hungry and you owe me some food now, So umm i'm waiting! :D
Where the hell did they get the name "bannanas"
You can't lose if you don't play but what's the fun in sitting on the sideline watching all the action.
That show gives me the willies!
Nice work yesterday for Milwaukee day.
Reading it was like a warm cup of coffee and a hug from a friend. Had me both in tears and belly laughing. Such a treasure!
my family will be there to cheer you to a win!
2 and a half hours until ! #Stagecoach woo
Either the coffee kicks in, or the madness sets in...
Being a (currently) unemployed designer, I read Design is a Job in one sitting. It was as awesome as the rest of 's stuff.
There should be more willow trees in central park, I find them easy to ponder by.
Congrats Dallas, the most we can do is try! Get ready for the next challenge!
Q: do you think you've been able to positively impact the view of day laborers in any way?
gonna go catch baby crabs now
Not to be twitter-annoying, but how do you feel about food with weird textures? Gross, right? Onions are the worst.
So cannot wait until tomorrow!
follow for good info on lower north fork fire. At the command posts with live updates starting at 4:30am.
omg this is SO cute !!! <33333 I want to give him a big hug
Thanks for the RT! This series is pretty cool :)
wondering what the problem is with my printer. It has to think so hard to print anymore...
I've always wanted to learn. When are you doing it again?
is now due to technical reasons!
Johnson = Best sports broadcaster ever!
haha! Well thank you. Our sister store took a well-earned
What a game. Goodnight Cheesehead Nation.
I'm so ready for 9:30 to get I've spent my whole day at work
's official music video for #BOYFRIEND will be featured for the world 2 see @ The Voice. RT if you're excited to see!
lol yay! Awesome! No problem at all. Your shirts, your time :) excited!! I'm sure they'll turn out great!!
Man Smuggled Gun Into Jail Cell by Hiding it Up His Butt -
stay hurt Chavez
Tickets tomorrow on Whip's show (1-4pm) for Cloud Nothings this Saturday at the Larimer Lounge
nobody ever wants to hangout with me... honestly, dont even say that you do, i never get invited to shittt. no exceptions not onee
I saw a demo of preproduction Analyze 6.0 yesterday and the advanced #analytics look amazing!
preach, sister.
I love the crazy people on the show! It makes me laugh, but I lose a little bit of faith in the human race at the same time.
april 15th is my bday!! woot! what are you up to? DM
you play basketball??? OMGEE I LOVE BASKETBALL been plzyin since i was 5. :)
RT : what about ....and the boys holding their ankles.....what an idiot homophobe /He sounds like a K member!
ME AND MY COUSIN MADE YOU A BIRTHDAY VIDEO AND WE WILL TRY AND PUT IT IN YOUTUBE AND SEND YOU THE LINK I HOPE YOU LIKE IT <3
if you want out of the "income opportunity" industry & want to accomplish your goals in real time go to
being able to show insurance via smartphone is INGENIOUS. I mean, who even owns a printer? Gross.
do you follow ? If not, I highly recommend it.
Having twizzler fights with your brother
And your mad as shit , cause no one ain't even worried about you , I do me , fuck your time #FUCK YOU
Playing a house party outside in 1 hour with Naughty. Free show because we love this shit! Holler back for the address...
I am slowly becoming addicted to twitter..
Pretty Powerful!! RT Ex. of effective video marketing Johnson & Johnson, by humanizing brand and messages via stories.
Great time planning #4 w the crew tonight! Can you say Duthie Hill and bring you MTB chops?
this fool. I'm not drinking. O.o
NYT bestselling author has a teen #steampunk novel coming out in 2/13 Etiquette & Espionage
Dang lunch break over.
RT He does not have hair on his testicles... because hair does not grow on steel / His kisses don't began with Kay...
lol I see! I gotta get back over there!
I know, Klout drives me crazy. Like reviews, I have to force myself not to look at it, then I can't help it.
Don't forget to purchase your copy Of Sentenced At Birth....Available now at Amazon.com, Lulu.com and Barnes & Noble
officially blowing up! Bigger heights every day. It's fun to watch the takeover!
Chillin in Houston :)
Ok, your free to your opinion. Do you care to weigh in on anything I said in regards to your inquiry?
I'm a bad girl and my friends are bad too. I have that swag sauce, yeah, I'm dripping Swagu.
should be a great night.
The number one act. In country music going today*
A Catholic turned Episcopalian learns at 59 she was born to Jewish parents; Frmr Secretary of State Madeleine Albright at noon
"I don't care what you think about me. I don't think about you at all". HaHa! Gotta love Coco Chanel. Ditto mama...ditto.
I love training yeow is it training time yet
Yippee!! Friday & Saturday for #TwoGents are SOLD OUT!
can't blame ya, how bout Braun last night? So close to 4 HRs! Just killing some time before work #NBAPlayoffs baby u a fan?
rocked the house 's Sheconomics event. Loved sharing the stage with you and Amy!
I hope everyone had a very happy Thanksgiving with their families!! Now to countdown to Christmas..
likewise. How about we disrupt the world a bit?
Spring forward on with me today as I hit and
i know. Ugh
Hi Todd, thank you for the follow, nice to meet you.
Which bounce house did you rent from us this year? Would you like to try something different next time?
Apparently the fact that I have feelings makes family members want to kill themselves...
showing no mercy for those hoes who be flossing. acting like they all that when they only good for tossing.
Tony Allen is THE best perimeter defender in the league.
i am soo happy right now and i don't no wat for!! lol
*~Tiffaniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii i gotta tellz you something....~*
I laughed at the In The Mouth of Madness. Yeah, that one fit well with my ex.
Handmade cards from your kids are the BEST presents a mom ever gets. I am so blessed to have such a wonderful daughter!
Thanks, I am following you. Hometown Gt Falls. Now Florida. Stellamae
This time it was it should be knowledge, learning, enlightenment, and understanding
Welcom ACL to 2nd Street District for today's SoundCheck #party! Dale Watson Rick Trevino & Matt Wilson, and street party! #Lofty Dog...
Had fun plaque-hunting in Morningside Heights for ! New thesis-break hobby?
"The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails."
Thx for RT & mention! Pls help us spread the word! www.medicalteams.org for updates...
South congress is overrun with hipsters. Beware.
What's up ? I'm sorry, that's the last thing we want to do! Let us know what happened so we can fix it! Thanks 4 the feedback
Tell me why (ain't nothin' but a heartache)... Tell me why (ain't nothin' but a mistake) :D
Being the best YOU is making your outer appearance a #beautiful extension of your inner diva. Have & maintain the:
Lol but THEY pay for my gas, & I live in THEIR house. I have no job, so I can provide for myself at all. Lol idk!
Tried to stay up for MN Dist. 8 & Governor results, but Harry Reid's victory speech is putting me to sleep. Good luck, Oberstar & Dayton!
Listening to my 6 year old introduce his wrestling guys with their heavy metal theme songs, only he can't say his r's or th's. Love it.
Never be bullied in2 silence. Never be made out to be a victim. Do not accept no one's definition of your life. Define yourself.
Kyocera Remains San Diego’s Most-Awarded Company for Environmental Programs, Honored with 12th Consecutive City ... Kyocera Comm
The Pharcyde, Fugees at Bassnector? WTF??? And it just started, what's next??
RT MLB and cable sports tried to sully the reputation of an innocent man. Picked the wrong guy to mess with.
Ok boys and girls... Im hitting the booth... Ill be back!
Interesting finding or lack thereof strong marketing skills in IT department from Birkman. Maybe need to strengthen or add #marketing?
Hasty resolutions are of the nature of vows, and be equally avoided.
Hey! Thanks for the article! Very eye-opening.
Senior night is tonight. Glass, Getz, Lyons, S. Witty, and Bougie all playing their last game at the Ice Center.
“: Ricky Williams = name over substance.”. That's Ronnie Brown. Ricky can still help.
It breaks my heart.
Yesterday's half empty Mountain Dew is worse.
PEOPLE!! THE WORK AT HOME JOB OFFER JOURNAL THINGY THAT'S EMAILED..IS A SCAM, HEAR ME? S-C-A-M, CAPISCI? DO NOT FALL FOR IT,YES?
- That awkward moment when you realize Steve Blake is taking your last shot to win a playoff game.
Brain has changed gears... Now running nice and smoothly... Back to working on writing...Plans are being formed... Action just needed.
“: Clothes are so dumb I hate them”Abby WTF....
I always like to give a shout out to and all my MSR peeps. :-) Thanks for the kind words.
nice job looking pretty good
it was really cool for just 1 tix
Dear BSU Internet, feel free to stop being so shitty any day now...
I wonder if & the crew in one of the clubs in Miami tonight :)
RT " Can't stop twirling my moustache." tweet of the year nominee for sure
idk I'm trying to go back to sleep bc there's not one ounce of chill in my system lol
off the heels of #TEDxRainier11 I'm headed to LA to discuss how public libs can engage with the digital public library of america
yea she is! :) so guess what Liz, i'm like 90% giving up on a follow from one of the boys :( it's become nearly impossible!
thanks! And may you always have a "Fourth-full" presence to infinity and beyond \m/
Before you slip into unconsciousness I'd like to have another kiss
Demolition of the Lakeshore Habitat for Humanity house on 17th street....check! Great morning w/ the group!
Phoenix beats Chicago, 3-2, in OT!
Happy to be attending this event.
The old man on d Hamrlik
Nice to see pollen count "washed out" our entire area really needed that drink
men dont pretend 2 like a girl who's pretty like her for her personality
I agree. The Scream series is always a nail-biter. Some of the best in horror movies there. Best wishes to you.
I think that calls for taking the day off!
I shouldn't have to wait more than two seconds for anything to load. It's civil rights. This is the 90s.
Happy Cinco De Mayo!! How are you guys celebrating the day?
Hate waking up to the sun in my face! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Please tune in today @ 3pm. Pastor Joel will be on the Word Network.
Happy new year to my BRO !
Great! Will do, thanks #THATCamp #SE: The Humanities and Technology Camp South Eas
omg, hysterical! loved it and can't wait for more. :-)
Sit on my face and watch me work
Im sick of seeing scene bastards everywhere i go
Guys in other grades are so much more attractive thelan guys in your own grade
BellBrook Labs has entered into an agreement with Thermo Scientific Cellomics 4 exclusive distribution of the iuvo Micronduit Array products
i enjoy how all these "douche" athlete profiles know & talk to each other. just like real life!!
At The hospital with my madré
second the motion
thanks for the RT! 2 great days of #Agile coaching in TN
When I wear blue jeans to work, it's burning up in here. When I wear shorts, it's freezing. #whatgives? Haha
To : "can we please go shopping next weekend?" Her response: laughter
all right, we can go again Saturday.
you need to stop asking my questions.
the salacious stories of my life is infinitely better!
Enjoy your weekend, and ladies....HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY
I recommend walking around naked in your living room. Feel free.
yes! It blew my mind. I gotta say when Fred (or George) for killed I about lost it
Agreed! Just let us know. If we can, we will.
we would be happy to replace it! email us at and we'll get her another
Dear KC Lion's club please contact us, you desperately need our help.
Id be down for that. I love traveling to strange lands. Zoey tho is an American snob.
I think there are learning styles that can be loosely grouped. But many institutions force one way.
On getting a call from the bush white house says: "I'm from NYC. In NYC you can go a whole day without even seeing a republican."
'Abdu'l-Bahá and Mrs. True were at Davis's grave in Oak Woods Cemetery at about 4:30 p.m.
thanks so much!
why is so gorgeous? :)
Look beautiful outside. I'm spending the 2nd day in a row on the couch, so sick with very little sleep.
Good Dogs will be in the Menil Collection parking lot until 2PM.
Back in the painting studio working on ARTiculating this God vision!
Welcome Back to Twitter !!! :]
Just completed the 3 day judging of #SFWorldSpiritsComp!! Amazing line up of products! Can't wait for the Press Release!
Charcoal's being carried out for the BBQ!
Did you guys get your office space?
OMG i think my sis is hurt :'( :)ILYShawty<3
I've been using Mellel on Pages on Mac. Really like Mellel. What word processor do you recommend?
Because of this, any marketing decisions that are made can get implemented immediately
will you ever forget me?
RT Mechanical bull rides are a good place to meet someone with busted genitals.
2011: " LET'S GO PLANKING! " 2012 "LET'S CHOKE ON CINNAMON! "
I know Seattleites find it acceptable to abandon their cars when it snows, but do you have to abandon your car in front of my driveway? hm
Maybe if you stopped acting like a complete bitch every single time, you'll have people to talk too.
My Niggah Send Me Dhat Song To My Email Big Bro
7.5 bags later and I think I might have actually hit my Peppermint Bark/Dark Chocolate limit.
Way to go Wordstorunby! Always great to hear stories like that!
Woke up feeling sore.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
The last stage of inquiry -- in school or in a career -- should be communication & presentation
& by political vision u mean selling out the masses 2 the highest bidder? Re:My heart prays IK brings about change ...
I take back my whingeing - today is improving with coffee number two.
“Being in politics is like being a football coach
doing great! Glad your Ecopalooza show was a success! :-)
Woo! Right?! :D RT : RT : "When was the last time you said 'I love my work. #ASTD2012 About 5 minutes ago!
": how I get in the mix fam", I'm here 4 u tho (Triple D muzik) so U tell me what can I do 2 help u help the D!
had an awesome time at Papa Mali's Supernatural Ball last night! Thanks to all who came out to Tipitina's! And to Papa Mali for having us!
#ThingsIDislike Wack rappers that think they go hard! Better yet, wack rappers that think they're better than me!
All art is a kind of confession, more or less oblique.
Ginny Weasley! Did you see the part "19 years later" at the end of Deathly Hallows Part 2? :)
I have a bunch of ideas for and
Truer words have never been spoken bro ;)
Let us know if we can help.
well that sucks :s
The human mind must believe in something, so why not let it believe what it does believe.
": #HowToGetRejected? Say "I totally hate Harry Potter" in front of me."
suck it manchester united!!
Thanks for the #FF love, why you gotta be so nice all the time? ;)
I miss my ex
Very excited to share that is officially a 45th Parallel client! Look for Fall 2012 novel MAVERICK JETPANTS by Bill Peters
Wow!! I guess keeps his pimp hand Strong!
Only 5 % of Americans get 30 mins of exercise a day during the week, according to Don't let that be you! Stay active & move!
Haven't updated our design portfolio in over 6 months and that's only because we're so busy working on all these orders!
As a non comic book fan sitting in the first row I can tell you that The Avengers is a pretty good movie.
im like dying to find those shirts to. because those you cant really make yourself...
So i heard Austra at a bar and felt like i had to tweet about it.
I just bought Mac n cheese on sale at the store and thought of you too : )
Everything that has happened whether devastating or joyful, I need to embrace it all!" #ViolaDavis -- Oprah ()
d'ohkay, Chair Martin! RT DFL Chair Martin: GOP holding #Vikings stadium "hostage"; calls for immediate vote.
Is it hard to find the right guy these days...GOSH
Movers just came and took all my stuff. Officially adopting a "hobo" lifestyle.
George Alan Brockelman - Siskiyou Daily News
Whenever I see I think of Welch's grape juice.
I'm a twit? LOL
im feelin sick !
The g in gif is pronounced like the g in giraffe, making it sound like jiff, not gift without a t
I feel for you, moving sucks. are Stayin' in town?
YES! Use it every single day. It works - you'll have people looking embarrassed & walking away - and not bothering you :)
Awesome that is so true :)
Great stuff, thanks for the link.
Got that run in with
I love your passion.
- thanks, Jim!
How do you address a monster? Very politely.
I love when my whole fam goes out to eat & it's like I'm not even there... #smh im def not the favorite child..
Smile it makes people wonder what you are up to. :)
If you start dragging, you should eat an apple. They boost energy.
. M&Ms aren't really worth the effort to eat them, but when they're right in front of you. Here, you want some Teaberry gum?
thanks for the follow!!
I cannot accept that The Universe put us on this earth to be ordinary. We have a purpose to be here.
great! Conversations can happen anywhere. Incredible power
this song....(shakes head) awesome....
Running along the coast of Santa Monica today. I think I'm going to make that a habit. So damn refreshing!
Just as soon as someone buys us 4 first class tickets and a penthouse suite at Hotel Disney. =D
nigga ya momma should have spit you in the backseat
I hear Team E-Hock/Stoner will be fierce. MT Less than 2 hours until the BR ping pong at ! Any bets on winners?
I took a 3 hour nap this afternoon... Totally know how you feel
10/19 Wed - our alum Andrew Gutauskas & his Quintet w/Tatum Greenblatt, Kris Bowers ,Josh Paris, Austin Walker
all you elitists are giving us douchebags a bad name
Gentlemen get taken advantage of. Thats why most niggas dont want to be one
Me & my bestfriend argue over stupid shit -.-
I just turned on the tv and the Bill Cunningham show was on...I thought it was an SNL skit at first...this can't be real
FBCD... Rumors say news will come very soon!!!
Had such a good day today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
It ain't nothing but a G' Thang Bayyybee .
Thursday feels like wednesday...
have you ever thought about singing at your church? everyone would love that!(:
It's beautiful! Hallelujah! (also, one for the office)
I recommend it for sure - he really works to get things right - :)
....passing through the valley than to those who inhabit the mountain? - Kahlil Gibran
Love the Italy episodes but, can't wait to see the crew back in Jersey! RT : How did everyone like the episode?
omg blonde u and tht number!! And yes ur always hyper!! Wanna see the dress I wore yesterday for Easter?
"hey girl, how you doing? My name is Charlie, last name Wilson. & I was wondering if I can take you out, show you a good time"
Wishing everyone a happy and relaxing President's Day!
#BieberOnTheVoice just turned me on . tmi ? who cares , I will always love Justin <U+E328>
RT FOR A FOLLOWBACK. [must be following me]
our family dog ate a tube of super glue once. amazingly he was unscathed.
And we spent what little money we had on winter green Skoal and main street gas ......
it's obviously justin bieber.
haha and you are the biggest son of a Browns fan that I know of
Prepare to be absolutely gutted. In the best possible way. LOVE. THEM. SO. MUCH.
CRJ is on top in USA itunes CHARTS. :D Congrats
After 4 months, I finally figured out what the revolving door says
A have to admit.. a waterskiing POTUS wud b pretty cool
Trying to figure out if they think cops throw teddy bears at violent suspects while they're in pursuit.
sure I'll follow :)
here, hackinqq Kelly's twitter.! smhh he forqot to loqq out.! #Slowness :D
just wait. I got an 8 minute joint on the next one
Tomorrow @ 5 outside Valhalla come join us for the Fall Picnic/Octoberfest party! Free food, drinks, and beer steins!
Enjoy the game today be sure to say hi to Gio on the field.
oh my ... Pink. That was amazing.
lol yea you would guy
congratulations on your decision to be a Buckeye. Looking forward to seeing you in the bus!
bullcrap! tshirt not worth the hassel of your surveys!!
Just finished creating a series of 15 sites for a Washington law firm, most of them are already coming up for highly competitive words, fun!
Long day ahead: first job, second job, meeting, rehearsal. Total time: roughly 13 hours.
RT : The optimal blogging frequency is when you have something awesome to post. Respect your readers.
say hi to Lee, Mali and everybody else :)
thank you for your discretion in this matter. For now.
No matter how much we wish to impede our progress, we cannot. We are either doomed to repeat it or we create forward.
Thanks <3 Yes the corona was hysterical!
Fie. I personally like your untamed look ;)
ditto(meaning the same to you) is in reply to you blessing all of your followers and telling them
Spanish is a waste of time now...
Happy birthday Justin bieber <3
Halftime in Milwaukee #MISLplayoffs tied at 5-5 with and
Hey friends, I'm camping for the 1st time. Pics for those interested on Instagram. My username is TeemareeDotCom. <3
"the slot currenly available will be filled by a very angry, middle-aged white guy." So did you send your resume yet?
Much to my boyfriend's dismay, I have finally started following my celeb crush on Twitter. Holla,
Can't breathe, tired as hell, & stomach hurts, this day cannot go well.
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOO !! Yo, I thought you had leaness still, Im looking like a dickheadd looking for you.
Who knew each of my oven doors had three pieces of glass
: Not sure I'll bother with the last one, certainly not if the 2nd one doesn't pick up.
Or using it once and then never opening the app again, as many of us iPhone people have done. :]
Lets go in the scooby doo mystery machine!
My moustache has a moustache. Finally starting a new show in honor of the stache.
Got stung by a wasp on my pinky finger while cutting grass about 90 minutes ago. Forgot how painful they are. Holy cow! Still hurts!
you never made my fan sign lie face :p
can the mayor perposly hold back the will of the council?
coffee, morning light, and the last official day of our hmoon. to goodwill we go! many treasures to find! i'm a happy samper.
When he argued it is where I meant it.
That pisses me off man I'm too angry right now fudge
hey, can you follow me? (:
It was a pleasure! = GREAT org RT Invested afternoon w/ Impacts Research crew, my brain hurts... in a wonderful way
all i can do is pace around the room, watch the game and glance occasionally at the computer screen
A little girl, asked where her home was, replied, "where mother is." ~Keith L. Brooks
Occupied Oakland's May Daze - truthout
Strobing light & rumbling sound woke me up. I was convinced that a UFO is waiting to take me home outside. Then I realized it was lighting.
Hell yeah <U+2665>.<U+2665>
Sometimes I still laugh to myself in my nook about the whole bra strap incident and tripping and breaking my shoes.
Old obese guys in tank tops with more hair growing from they're arms and back (Welcome to NJ) think I'm gonna be sick!!
oh shit, well I better catch up to you!
why r u saying that u miss ezira ??? :O
Congrats on the TV show! We need your voice to reach a broader demograhic!
a bro stood in front of the ATM like he was at a urinal. i found it hysterical & wanted to take a picture, but i figured that'd be creepy.
Not sure I want to resort to follicle sacrifice.
awesome - we love QGIS here too. Great for working with really large files and then publishing through GeoCommons. thx for feedback
Gotta love Eddie O giving the shout out to the Saints
Denverites! Judy Hale presenting WED. on professional credentials, certifications, & more. Which ones benefit you? www.ISPI-FRC.org
Thanks! I'm looking forward to it.
#BecauseofObama, America is weaker and poorer.
I slept a lot <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Iced Coffee: If it ain't cold-brew, it's heresy.
WHOA. Looks like someone had a tantrum with finger paint.
#Happymothersday! I love you :D
Well, if You do little bit of math You will see why :)
thank you for the sweet mention + for being amazing!! :) happy vday! xo
Humble Me Clothing is headed to the Rio to show our support for the two most Humble poker players. Darvin Moon and Phil Ivey!!!!!!
#dearnetflix: I receive a disk that only plays the previews as you roll out plan pushing streaming? Accident or not, subscription cancelled.
same!! I can't believe I am saying this but I like Abby better. I think that kimmy and lucas are cute though:)
Hey cann u follow me plz:)))) thanks<U+2665>
YOU ARE THE BEST PERIOD****
“: Garage Sale Saturday. Saying goodbye to things I never thought possible... - such as...
Otherwise useless
Wait. They DID answer you a few minutes ago. So.... someone's on his phone....!!!
#igotmyearspiercedwhen I was 6 months old.
Anyone can do it! Email Thanks!
why in the world would the #orioles offer millwood, there is someone else who can eat innings and lose games....
Free member ticket reservation for Wednesday's game vs. Portland starts at noon today! JoinSporting.com
In a few minutes she had ascended out of that clear field, in among thepiled mountains of cloud
Last night with my fam. Heading back to Denver tomorrow. My gosh imma miss them. :(
Neither do i
your skills as a ninja are mighty. That trash didn't stand a chance. You are ready for the next step in your training.
No,not you;) MF
Of all the hardware I have to troubleshoot on a daily basis, printers are by far the most insidious
Calling all ACTORS - looking for EXTRAS for a December shoot in NY. Non Union picture, send headshots/resumes to
Not the first or last RT : Well.. RT : Donna Frye today on VOSD Radio called a "political sociopath."
word ? Aite I'm leaving for SoCAL for the summer like june 12 I think so hopefully I can link up with Andrew in SD too.
Its always good to have some one you can really relate too.
I know that they say happiness is a warm gun but sorrow is a cold, jagged blade
I miss u too Ginger..... lol
my geometry teacher showed me this the other day :D
what's the crop factor on that cam?
but their shareholders are happy :D
we're happy to have you! Buffalo Twister...YUM.
I kept trying to find more hidden bonuses today Taryn but I didn't have any luck! :( Hopefully I'll do better tomorrow! :-)
#Manning says "better chance of winning championship if he joined Lady Vols basketball team" #titanscantmakeplayoffs LOL
Can't wait to hit 12,000 tweets because odd numbers make me feel uncomfortable
^_^ your posts get me all excited and motivated. I love seeing someone so talented this enthusiastic about her work. THANK YOU
"'chosen ones' despise gentile" That's the kicker - The Goyum ARE Israel, the lost tribes of Israel. White Nations are Israel
YES! YOU MADE IT! NOW ONLY TWO WEEKS UNTIL YOU WIN #idol !!!
Awesome! I'll have to catch the Colo Spgs showing!
datpiff. Go grab
"Vision without execution is hallucination.” #quote Thomas Edison
What do you think?!? Delicious!
Studies show that when wearing yoga pants, you are 68% more likely to be asked "do you got a man?"
looking for trouble in Arlington & you didn't call me. I'm hurt, Tommy. ;-)
"Nothing lasts forever, not even your troubles, A. Glasow
Another tough "decision" for Terrence today...RT Should I buy a cork pop gun or do some sand art?
Mgmt sampled by
Old School Cena.....that was dope lol...
ya so we will fit but you will not get to have 3 seats to lay on type thing like I usually do, like a bed lol
"I look like Steve Jobs in this outfit"
"Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience."
Beware #rabiddogs who suddenly become #friendly.NEVER be fooled.#Ursula taught me well.And my #fight is
same here, its irritating.
Will you please follow me i would be so happy and if vinny could too thanks(;
Gay boys are fucking shady! Can I get an amen!!!!
"Zed's dead baby. Zed's dead."
"Welcome to college. Gaining weight and losing confidence in your future" she kills me
Glad you're enjoying the shirt! Your our kinda customer!
Mhm yeah I know you did.
I've tricked a few people into staring at them to see if they move.
Thanks! I hiked for 4 days on the Inca Trail and spent one afternoon at Machu Picchu.
I'm going to miss Hillcrest, but I think I can get used to OB and my ocean view :)
Hey, go Nora! "Go for goal!" (a shout-out to a soccer video from the '70s that I watched as a lad)
Goodnight, back up at 7am
Wow #Braun crushed it.
I would love to call in!
the guru!
Yes, but I never answer his calls. It's like you take the everyday awkward & combine it with phone awkward and its just TOO MUCH.
Good one! As always. :) Hope to see u sometime in SD - just moved here (point loma)
I bet it's intense when ya live in tents
#SometimesIwonder what I'd be doing if I still lived in Oklahoma.
All I want is a woman who's gonna put in as much as I am
Check out the lowered prices on our wooden racks!! You'll love & just in time for Christmas!
thanks bro , I'm just recovering
I can't lie me and the girls looking real fly today! Get fly or go home. Home is never an option though lol
form emails that get my name wrong in the greeting
Just got done talkin to these pigs but got no justice,That's why it's fucc everybody who fuccs with the law
you rock, thanks in advance for the recording
Hahaha. I'm sure it's going to turn out well.
Your trip to Haiti was so moving.Have a friend that spent several years there building playgrounds so this episode was special.
#Youknowlifeisgreatwhen... the dollar store is selling your favorite candy at three for a dollar.
Picking my classes for next year.. I think!
(which of course, is preceded by filet mignon, crab, and shrimp)
I saw THE TENEMENT PLAYS by Charles Messina last night - MOST FUN I've had seeing #NYCtheater EVER! :D
new kindle in hand = happy sarah
...and David Nelson went to the Saltbox at the Hotel Palomar. Delicious!
Looking for the species that host the most other multicellular species. One army ant hosts 500 species, any better records?
that sounds like that will be hilarious #can'twait
thank you for your beautiful crystals, gems and healing! I cant wait to learn more and grateful for Staregazers!
oh what do yah know, new moon!!!
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him."
Ah. I wish they let us sing the Star Spangled Banner here...but that will never happen OTL
Despite what's shown on tv, black men take care of their families and we care about our child's education.
Some people are alive only because it's illegal to kill them.
Of course! We'd need to work out just what the relationship would offer -- but sounds great.
I think bf and cod are completely different...both good in different ways...
HAPPY FOUNDERS DAY TO ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA SORORITY INC.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind; people throw rocks at things that shine. ;*
that will be a challenge :). Good luck!!
Just got a free meal at chipotle because I eat here all the time. Score !!!!
I have to to agree with you there. May be times are getting hard in washington !!!!!!
I'd love too. Maybe he will let us co host the Crab Feast?
These stores make me imagine humans plugging in like electric cars...Very interesting aesthetic
That's what I consider true generosity. You give your all, and yet you always feel as if it costs you nothing.
Is it about to rain<U+2602><U+2601><U+2602>
Start your weekend off right, Join us here at
RT : I hate you but I love my life :-
I'm ready for sunday
Working on setting up some shows in brooklyn and long island, all the nyers better stand up!
LOL, I hope it's not the same person. Duck lips, 6" wedge heels and a box of coffees sounds like a lot to deal with :)
Everyone have a great weekend
CHRIS.... That made me sad! Haha good thing it was just a prank!
Thanks for retweeting and your note. I expect some nasty grams attacking a sacred belief. But they're just in denial, right?
#FaceTheNation was excellent last Sunday. Bob u did good. Definite hero!
when are you going back on your? And will you please come to North Carilina?
why of course i did. bout to post pics now actually
We should all run over and pester at the library while she's trying to read. Hey, she's the one who checked in, right?
i've only made 24 tweets total since december 2007. perhaps it's time.
SD County #ClimateChange Plan backslides on GHGs after 2020. Telling Planning Commission Friday at 9am (5201 Ruffin rd) to make it better.
Working with a Sporting Clays Shooter today - heading to the Dallas Gun Club to put the training into practice. Great Day!
get better soon!
This week Young Learners started learning abt Outer Space/Our Earth! What are your favorite #space twitter accounts to follow?
We're "bestfriends" cus you got a girl but when you're with me, you act like your single lmao.
Hmmph! Rain, rain, rain, and now tomorrow again! (Rhymes!) Well, the flag's out: I'm shakin' cocktails and pouring wine if anybody shows up.
Happy three day weekend, twittering friends.
Whitney ....so incredibly sad. Your voice will go on forever.
Cyber Monday/Black Friday sale! Use code blackfriday10 & get 10% off; buy 2+ items & get 5% more back! www.bethanyrosedesigns.etsy.com
Didn't realize till I saw other flogging Molly fans that I left the house in a green tee and an orange and white hoodie...uh, Erin go bragh?
Really like portman's dress
analogy received and understood. 'Twas a wondrous appearance from Levar Burton!
ha! Good to know.
Dan: "The Dr. says my blood pressure is fantistic for a man my age" www. www.quickgymcs.colm
At work ready for it to be over!!!
They got sum colds ass movies comming out batman gi Joe expendables I m gonna c all that shit
Del Negro is gonna git McMillian'd by his team - don't u think D'Antoni would be a perfect fit for Lob City?
I high-five myself all the time because I'm that awesome. RT": liking your own status is like high fiving yourself in public"
Hey Indy Fans, I want to thank you all for your support and very interesting questions. I will try to answer all of the most interesting one
Too much $$$ to make stupid mistakes RT : Rookie MLB umps earn roughly $120,000, and senior umps can earn upwards of $350,000.
Does your dog have a phobia? What is the weirdest thing that scares your pup? We wanna hear about it! Maybe you even have a pic...
Work with Faucha is like work with SpongeBob. Work with her, but only if you can handle 6 hours of straight laughter.
the jet was originally in Nashville before it picked up Manning
is out in the snow! Can't complain about this Chicago winter :)
I don't care how comfortable your crocs are. You look like a dumbass.
"Listen to you. So young, so unhip."
Nothing happens! Sandess everywhere :(
That awkward moment when a band member catches you staring at them and stares right back at you....
S/O stay up fam.
i figured u wanted to b cap merics
My bf asked me what would I do if he got high I told him I'd dump him , Then I asked what would he do, he said the same. i love this , <33
MT : We're taking #musesocial coast to coast on April 13 - coming to you live from DC and San Diego. Stay tuned!
i can't wait to just chill in my swim suit
But, you're still one step ahead of me. lol
def worth trying and testing out, esp if you want to share dt and mobile or with teams.
- Thank you! that was such a thoughtful birthday gift! You are the bestest. Send your atrophy questions my way.... ;->
TGIF! I hope everyone has some fun activities planned for the weekend! :)
Listening to the Avengers soundtrack. Man, I miss when superheroes had instantly identifiable themes that everyone knew. Like Superman.
what's good my g
To keep a healthy relationshit, tell your gf she looks very beautiful today even if she looks the same from yesterday
percy jackson and the olympians love it.....cant help myself
change that picture, please
God Will Make A Way
Bump that :-)
I can't stand rude people
Me(: lol y
is honored to be part of
Football game with #amy <U+2755>
#Thatawkwardmoment when you realize it was just a dream
There’s a new franchise star in Denver and it's only fitting that the greatest Bronco of them all is the reason why.
okay i'll text her and tell her
Its always the best as bitches who do the most talking lol wtf
Many congratulations to Jack McCartan and the Pittsburgh Technical Institute for receiving the Unsung Hero Award yesterday.
Vegas observation #5: Ocean's 11, 12, and 13 have all been on tv at some point since I arrived. Coincidence? Me thinks not.
No one in this world knows me the way you know me
love it when my dad cooks
#SpotOnAnalysis RT My wife, walking by the TV and seeing the score: "Idiots." BK
Or you could ignore me, that's cool too.
I love the rain!
burn that shit
Good friends and no boys- makes for a good night:) Too good for all of em!
he asked me what my favorite swear word is. i paused, taken aback for a moment, then answered, "driiiimps."
Smells like someone hot-boxed the blue line. Apparently I wasn't invited to the party.
Why do we participate in #DrugFreeCommunities? So we can Save Lives!
Vimeo theater (exhibit 2) in convention center. Seth MacFarlane. You?
Yolo RT My wife just told me one of her friends is buying a Shetland Pony and a mule.
ALL ABOARD THE JK MICHAEL CW STUDIOS ATL TRAIN LEAVING THE STATION. LOVING IT RIGHT NOW
40 men with ice in their veins head to the locker room. Nice line by #msg2 guys. Can't beat game #7 playoff hockey #
play it as it slays
"Our love story isn't like the movies... It's better."
thank goodness
#kids Original Tommy's Chili Revealed: Original Tommy's Chili Revealed from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 7:00 PM to Wednesday, May 16, 2012...
Having a beer at the bar. I need it after the week I've had.
i missed it. when are you playing it again?
The Beatles are the tits and yeah dude Its gonna be awesome to be chillen with my family down at
why is everybody celebrating Doc Brown's kids?! when we should be celebrating John Mclaine's birthday!!! yay!!!
Cheers to the freakin weekend.
Thank you so much for the tweet about my "Starlight" necklace! :-)
We'll be taking audience questions for "The Wire" cast discussion. Post your Q's with
MYTH BUSTER: WA State has no limit on authorization expiration dates, that limit is set by your authorizing healthcare provider.
man am i the only person who is NOT in a shit mood today?!? HAPPY PEOPLE STAND UP!
does this link to a report about this? If so I'm eager to read.
Can't wait to show our film at #CPAC on Sat.! > I Want Your Money
I heard sounds coming out of a bathroom stall today that will cause me to sleep with the lights on for the next week.
How do i get you alone
Eating with mouth open = Seriously my Pet Peeve No. 1
iPhone 5 is almost here and I'm so damn excited! Please please let me get it!!!!!!!!!
retaking my physics math tomorrow. i need to take this seriously now...
any plans to this summer? You have really good tweets.
#whatnottowear southpole ,. not much people wear it .
That is focused dedication. Very attractive! Focus and drive - much bueno! Coming to Denver? Don't I wish. One day soon.
I need talk to you before I go down to South America. I really want to check out chile and Argentina after I volunteer in Peru
I figure I'm about 2 years away from a C-USA invite, maybe 4 at the maximum.
I am willing to host Wrestlemania, cook steaks and have a fridge full of beer and booze. Fyi
What #oomfs said <<<<<<< lmfaooooooo. I hope that was part of a song :/ lmfaoo
Oops. I focused on the wrong part of this question. I wish I knew how to get more $ for the bottom of the pay scale.
Had my first taste of scuba diving last night. In. Love.
Just ordered my new action book thanks to
give us an answer,
thank you!(:
the only thing that comes to mind is van halens album 5150 w/ sammy hagar.
that was the song playing too....
Can you direct message me your contact info? I can get you all the info a lot easier that way!
im MOVING on and it feel good
I do not understand twitter. It confuses me.
What show? Us and Body Count???????
That's right Pacers, make them work for it!
(LIVE) "Passion m/b invited, nurtured & amplified" super action items, challenge c/b how .. ? key role of leadership?
Sensuality, especially touch and smell are so ripe right now for me in my life. I could really relate. Thank you.
Early Hesiman Candidates by tonight...
lost 2 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 49 pounds so far.
FUCK IT~ I'm gonna go buy chickfila!
We're doing on Friday, June 24th. Fans of early Oasis, War-era U2 and The Killers will dig. Thinking big with this one!
Happy Last Day of 2011!
Oh today was busy busy busy. But all is great!!!
My mom just said something that I NEVER thought she would say: How about we move to New York? -- Are you serious??
yes please. JoAn and I are going knitting next week - are you into knitting?
Anger, frustration and despair aren't hate. I think some are calling things hate that aren't.
When your significant other is out fighting a fucking war for us you're cheating on him behind his back.. you deserve all the hate you get.
About to watch
I'm sorry, Jen.
classic Frank. Ask him how long he's been waiting to use or how many times he's already used.
bunnies are cute, so no its not weird haha
Blessed monday morning mi good frens hope all is well with everyone today Jah is luv...
That's what I thought too.
well i think u sshould get back on it my nigga miss ya kandyce! A lil lol jk
Doctors call out Dr. Dukan & his radical diet as a "public health risk". No kidding.
I sense two birds getting killed soon with one stone.
that one is definitely on the list!
LMAOOOOO! I LAUGHED OUT LOUD FR
he had to tape some packages for Fox, he'll be back tomorrow
TGIF!! like if you think we should make a video update of the latest of W$R
The freakier, the more inspiring is what Neil would always say. Actually, I have no such knowledge.
omg yes it is I had one done the other day extremely uncomfortable
The Allstars Tour on August 24 at the House Of Blues in Houston, Texas!!!!
It is important to get close parking at the gym so as to not be tired on arrival to work out!
It's people!!! Bob Evans' Biscuit Bowl is people!!!!
No seriously... She's awesome... You're gonna hate her - JW
I Love My Bestfriend.
well Idc I just want to die. No one knows how I feel ns no one knows who I really am
concert for free with my girls <3
LIKE ^ this page an have a chance to win 250$ tattoo time.. It's that easy.
haha have to sync up today on some deliverables, I'll get it. Calls all day; all sales final as of 5/8
The Bay Area Princess
Show 's own Kenyon Neuman all the best as he heads to Houston for the 2012 Olympic Trials!!!! Get 'em !!!!
4.0 GRAMS IN A BLUNT WITH BLACK IM FUCKED UP
Companies should be the best possible place to practice fulfillment, to live out values and to realize deep connectivity and purpose.
haha I know!
People's religious beliefs shouldn't apply to all. If people think it is wrong then their god will judge them accordingly
East Coast Residents: As a media professional, I assure you it's OK to stand outside in a hurricane as long as you're holding a microphone
wee. Apparently Tuesday has turned into Laundry Day here. Which is okay. never any competition in the laundry room.
I hate when things are so unfair!
Thanks for the rt. It's a great film!
Thank you. RT: “: i just listened to crush me, hey there delilah cover and you belong with me cover. AMAZING!!<U+2665>”
Needa QUIT TEXTING ME :/ UGH .
thanks for the RT!
Caught in the waves of hesitation, lost in the sea of my own doubt, endlessly <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
christmas time is here ;)
please shoot me a pix of you in the jumper...so I can see my handy work..lol
Thanks for following!
Having a High Life. Can't 'member the last time I drank a High Life. Not sure I'd say it's the champagne of beers, but it's damn refreshing.
This is why I live and breath, to do my best to stop tragedies like these from happening. God bless the children & their families.
Mac Pro just experienced a kernel panic while streaming JODI's My Desktop OS X 10.4.7. INTENSE.
Flag count b/w El Salvador and Honduras is dead even. Tempting aromas from parking lot grillin'. God vibes at today.
For a good part of this season I thought we were going to make it this year. SU makes one Final Four per decade. We're due.
I'm like Captain America, except I'm not white.
Why aren't all pres candidates supporting youth promise act intro by Cong Bobby Scott? Do they care about America's future?
what was wrong with your account?
is now hiring a full-time Event Coordinator. Email to apply. (Job description posted on LinkedIn)
Nerds unite! Watching
Yall want a lyrical 2 minutes ?
I do believe Rush has run out of people to hate so he know picks on younger women. Gets his joules this way.sicko
¤ No degree of dullness can safeguard a work against the determination of critics to find it fascinating. Harold Rosenberg
How's having time off? Boston would love to hear what you do in your free time. Follow back!
I miss Nonno :(
“: There's a town in France named "Anus."” LOLOLOL
I hope it's horrible so I can say "it's trash"
thank you :)
still curious about what "laser show" our school's offering us on wednesday ..#curiosity prevails me
Thanks! -->RT : GM about to hit FB. Have a great day!
Hnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng. That VOICE. Okay.
If I get one good game this week then I'll drop him.
Surrounded by shitty people
Best clutch player...Anthony Epps. The 3 he hit to send the '97 Title Game to OT was definitely clutch! Always made big shots!
Yeah, I was messing around with post commit hooks and forgot to turn it off. If I tweeted everything I did, people would hate me.
RT : smelled like teen spirit tonight
We got these tacos tho lol! Hope dumb dumb didn't do nothing to em!
Thanks & sorry lol
only effective if activate heavily around it in-city. Nice opp to make a meaningful connection (ie ups-nyc marathon)
Did you remember to go to the milwaukee holiday parade today?
. Terry Nelson, who was a federal agent for over 30 years and is on the board of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition.
I have some cold Tecates??? :)
Love. Pure, simple.
Huh, these socks are brown.
They need to work in sync. G+ has quality but it may not be the right audience where Facebook or Twitter may be better
Just looked at average weather for #btv, much warmer than here. Now I'm really stoked for #immvt !
lol only you would put this on twitter lol
I'll keep you updated the next couple days
New York Judge Rules Mah Jong a Game of Skill: Could Help Internet Poker Cause! Whatever works!!!
Soci. networking is a means to bring global resources to those youth, while keeping power in bmore...global focus local power
"If you can't spot the fish in the first 30 min at a card table, it's you." Matt Damon, Rounders.
i mean my profile click on the soundcloud with gucci mane link rainman its a strip klub song and let me knw
Omg I just got a PA job! :D
Cared for feet will carry you far. Soaking feet in warm salt water draws out toxins present due to gravity and nerve endings land in feet.
despite your ennui, you receive an A+
The plot in you is killing it right now...
LOVEBANGS Do you vote, if so write Harold Miller on your ballet for mayor of San Francisco this November haroldmiller4mayor.com 415-841-0840
Watching a replay of the second half while sitting rupp.
good to know! Thx!
you may know this already but it *is* geena's voice- they dubbed hers and kits in elderly lady scenes
#MaximumBeadle This show should be called MaximumColin!!!!!
#libchat Q3 not so much a stamp of approval, but a way to work on a project and get started w/ committees
FF# , , , , tweeps are a complete mis-mash of awesome info..
That moment when I let my inner fangirl shine through and people think I'm super weird. Dedication. I'm super dedicated.
thanks for supportin what we do.
Psssst. Let me tell you a secret. I'm not teaching anymore.
#erl good use of process mapping at OSU for delineating overall tasks of performed for various purchasing streams.
Kelly is sending me the FBR summer sampler, reason 500 I love her.
Amen. God is my rock and I only know that now because I did get whirled away in a storm.
Check out #CrossFadeEntertainment at www.CrossFadeEnt.com ASBMG Apparel Coming soon to this the Store of this site
Why am i awake
The real danger of chewing gum at school isn't being caught by your teachers, its being caught by your friends.
"Audiences like their blues singers to be miserable." Janis Joplin And ain't that what makes it happen?
Holly says: "Fire up chips!"
RT : Don't think #filmmakers could ever really be anti-film.Like being an airplane pilot and anti-Wright brothers
- for now, yes, looking into Asia and other Countries very soon as well
hhahah btw the girls are singing to beast right now
Dr. Elizabeth king speaking about holistic health
Don't wanna go to school ...
#Houston's Black Lab #Theatre needs your help, to reach 500 followers by Friday, the premier of #FarragutNorth. We are 178 short. Please RT
Everybody on my timeline talking about they can't sleep
Green Sleeve Ads, Coffee Sleeve Advertising now available in DTLA.
Hey Don! Thanks for the following. Have a great day
Time to get the AM workout. My goal is to get a PM workout in as well. Make yourself a couple of goals today!!!
“: Theres so many seniors at eastwood that i didnt know existed” people*
lmao why yu in court ne way
I need to pay more attention to my
You bet.
Promise we wont! We will tell you if it would work on us though (the 3 ladies who run )
We appreciate you, Matt! RT 70s in the valleys, 60s on the Coast today and beyond. yay.
So it's one of those days where everything needs to be done now
ok lol will do :p
Went to the zoo, mall, target, now chillen by the pool reading the hunger games, going to see titanic in 3D in an hour ;)
True Chicago
m snow day tomorrow :)
At work -___- I want to be my own BOSS one day so I can tell myself what to do and when to do it. :)
The great Buffy Rewatch continues with season 1 episode 10 this morning... Beer, Buffy, then bed.
yeah do that man! I can't wait to start workin on it!
bahh okay so lets talk soon whats ur sched like this week?
Awesomeness RT : At $1,062 with $40 in promises on their way tonight!
Hiccups are finally gone after 46 minutes! I now have a bit of a headache #why?!?
Isn't an obese sheep a woolly mammoth? :P
Everything surrounding me is so peaceful there is not one thing to worry of
getting plenty of PR spots for heart health during long break in
official in love with Irish guys their accents are to die for! I need to go to Irish bars more often
Ugh... Why must the good wifi be by the field filled with things that aggravate my allergies... Damn you U of C
You were just hacked by your boyfriend.<3 Love you beautiful! <3
Let's go falcons lol beat the titans for us in Houston
It's true I don't like soap, but you don't have to rub it in my face!
Really likes Bruno Mars. Great retro look, style and sound.
guess i upset u for asking....
I can still remember when "One Direction" was just an ordinary 2 words for me and now, these 2 words are the reason why im still breathing.<U+2665>
Yeah. I know what you mean. I still do the wrong thing when an entire pitcher of something is spilled. Only it usually isn't water.
Seeing a movie this weekend? Tweet us a review and we might print it in Friday's RedEye!
Just reading up on #SAS tips from an alum and found I actually NEED to bring my french press. Score!
Happy Sunday David :)
damn im hungry
Ah, a day off to watch the Browns tomorrow. Please make it bearable, fellas. Hell, a win would be even better.
Pissed! American Airlines once considered my favorite b4 th los luggage, added fee 4 leg rm seats now further insults me by telling me my
Q1) narrating your work so others can discover common interests and expertise
- Thank you more than i can say for your words on DWTS. I'm a disabled adult who's let fear hold me back for so long (cont)
General Douglas MacArthur~ Americans never quit.
I know!
Our pleasure!
OH MY GOD I DO NEED EXTRA CASH HOW DID YOU KNOW?????????????
It's unreal how easily people misconstrue the things people say.
Love it! Witty customers with waterproof ipods
Patiently awaiting the arrival of We've got 'za, some MD, and some Packers football! Awww yeah!
It's officially the Year of the Dragon - let 'er rip! If you are a dragon, remember to wear red every day this year to counter bad stuff ;-)
Thanks, dahling! -smiles-
I've finally come over to the iSide. My iPhone 4s arrives in two weeks. Its been real, blackberry. Cya!
“: Brady Quinn #Iwaswrong” agreed.
Now EssB you know your invites are by default. Nabz, I'll pass on your challenge but you should Probly be afraid.
Yeah, understandable. I know we've discussed this briefly before.
And Enrique ? Lmfao. Jackie this is too funny. Okay I'll stop bothering you.
I'm running on too few hours of sleep and too many milligrams of Adderall.
The intercontinental championship At Survivor Series November 1996
Best twitter app for iPhone/iPad? Still cant decide.anyone have one they love?
i know im super sorry. im gonna make up for it
Say what you mean, mean what you say and learn the art of a High "No". #GO!
See what happens when you are too scared to come & play with cool kids like
im taking a rain check on that smoke smeshh ross.... you are the roast master.....
Wow! 2 nights in a row for the Crew! Great win
I officially have a headache.
Im your real enemy, fuck what ya heard!
What is about to happen will shock them all
I think I already do
Im hot Im bothered and im ready to hit someboy
My Brazilian barber closed up shop and is now working at a Korean salon down the block. Only in New York but also
roflmao Enjoy the Bay!!!
love that shot. the 2002 Battle at Little Creek had similar line.. exciting, way out; of course, ball technology not the same
Our country can't wait for action on jobs and the economy. Fight for the #AJA now OFA.BO/v7LTtc
History in the makin..preview the album on itunes.com keyword immortal brewcity luv....
thanks for coming out.
Yo boy said to tell u wats up to next time i talked to you.
Have a safe & relaxing weekend!
I get that a lot.
Contains no milk? What in the world?
thanks for RT.
RT : Rob from MyWedding.com is in studio with us! Be sure to check out the site
yep, definately. some of their fans are fake and bi-polar
Where and what time is your game? That would be fun.
Real Madrid vs Barcelona tomorrow! Messi > Ronaldo
Lunch, just got pushed by some hungry people . LOL
if i ever make a puckered-lips-kiss-face in a picture, feel free to punch me in the face
Thanks for following!
thinking about snorkeling in Key West this weekend. tips? good deals?
Who wants a shutout
nothing is worse than being attracted to someone for their assets then finding out those assets aren't even real.
Looking for good places to stay in Harrisonburg, VA - anyone have any recommendations?
i'll be there
How would one win a katsu Dinna!!
. I tried the spiral potato with chili & cheese. Tough to beat that!
Too bad they're not here so I can punch them.
i don't even normally like pizza, but i LOVE the mashed potato pizza at Bar!!
ah come on, we've survived 3 years of the dalibama...we could handle newt..
COME TAKE CLASS WITH US TONIGHT AT 7:15 :) RT is it weird that i own tap shoes AND ballet toe shoes...yet, i've never taken
whur u from
scarbrough is full of it. He makes up "fact" as he goes along. HHS must stick to it's guns and protect women like my Mom.
yes I was thinking the same thing....
Monday nights are SO crazy on TV! What did you watch?
brushing my teeth before a show ha ha lol jk I'm going to school gotcha
RT : To celebrate Cinco De Mayo I am going to do my eyeshadow red, white, and green like the paisa girls
RT : In a world where corporations are people and pizza is a vegetable, pepper spray IS just essentially a food product....
Arty around the world
I made it to 11..what the heck time does this end. Good night for real.
dam .. Lol my government tho? Thats how u feel ?
Getting my toes done=good day
Writing new music. <3
that's my Kiemo!
oh well im here for you anytime you need me
Heighten Your Expectations! 2012 is here! Give us a call for all of your staffing needs. Service with a smile. 881-3449
Still sleepy . .
New Thursday #vavavoom come see us tonight!
lol I remember you saying that you weren't uploading them.
Well Lamb has cooled off because Davis and Jones can't be denied the ball. Killin it inside right now.
Memphis B-word? Smh u just too cute girl
Tomorrow - if its not storming. Fly out Sunday morn.
I don't have #time for lazy....
What a disappointment, iPad only offered to at&t users. Apple you made such a big mistake when you chose At&t!
New to South Beach and loving your blogs and posts. Very honest and informative. A must follow for any Miami Beach resident!
. Erm, you mean the campaign tumblr
Love this! Once you realize you have given away your power, you can now make the decision to take it back.
OSU is supposed to monitor everyone who uses the #OSU hashtag? they have to keep all recruits off of twitter?
love that place!!
Congrats to the team for their 1000th tweet!!!!
I'm currently looking at the 350Z NISMO S-tune in
Love this super warn weather. Getting me ready for summer !!
Ministry Thanks for retweet, and indeed may God's blessing rest on you and yours today.
melting vats of shortening makes me happy. time for doughnuts!
Just catching the Celtics game, geez the score shouldn't be this close smh
Dad's watching lifetime over the NBA playoffs
Oregon organ donation
If A Tree Falls: A Story of the Earth Liberation Front (2011): A glimpse into a conspiracy of conscience. 1200 acts, no injuries. 3.27:5
Shouts to FWM the movement
Its against our social media policy!
Why is it that the hottest guys seem to be the most shy?
Saint Patty's Day! Whoop! <3
Treat Yourself Day 2012 will officially start in one hour....to the spa we go!
I'm such a loner.
thanks - you can also build maps directly in GeoCommons
When it seems like follows everyone except you... Worst feeling ever
you better keep your promise
Screwed up my Juki MO-6714S while fiddling around with the differential feed. Can't find any help via google, off to the F-I forum. Sigh.
": And all the bullshit made me strong mother fucker ."
Closet organizing tips: Putting away winter clothes - Newsolio (blog)
Cocaine is a he'll of a drug !
Dear North Carolina, Don't you find it disturbing that the same states that discriminated against blacks are now doing the same to gays?
Well my birthday is next week so my cousin is taking me for a girls day mani pedi and lunch
why cant i be off today. its a nice day to stay in bed.
I'm so mad.... I'm ineligible because the teacher lost my paper... wow.
#Valente, Palimpsest. Lovely mystical intricate fantasy of a city woven of dreams, sex, and loss. It may require multiple readings to absorb
Beautiful day in Milwaukee! What can I get into today!!!!
I wish Eric Cartman from South Park was real, even for a day. It would be hilarious
I hope she's doing better soon.
Cacao has some amazing hot chocolate. And it's just around the corner: dangerously close!
That moment when you realize that you're BLASTING some stupid commercial in your car rather than the last song you had on.
Have you ever lived with people who make less than $10/day? The comparison might seem less meaningless then.
"Know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em. Know when to walk away, know when to run." musings of Kenny Rogers...
you do not need to be on a diet skinny minnie!!!!
there's the root of the issue :P no worries mate I understand... I should do the same just want to get into social gaming again
Romney is out of touch with common people,come on $57,000 a day and he cares about me? Power is what he wants.The price of gas,milk no clue!
jealous! but thanks for the tweets from eltis's talk on transatlan. slave trade, so fascinating.
"3 pillars of personal networks: cloud-based technology, community and capabilities." - Bob Calderoni at
Congrats to Lori from Pleasant Grove, UT for winning a free nuvoh2o salt-less water softener! Lori entered at the Desert News Home Show.
Boys ask for pictures with no clothes Men ask for pictures with no makeup
CHECK OUT EYECANDY FASHIONS TOMORROW AT WESTLAKE HIGH SCHOOL IN WALDORF 7:30 TO 12:00. WE HAVE THE HOTTEST JEWELRY TO MATCH YOUR STYLE!
Chorizo won two sausage races!!! Yes!!! Cinco!!
The Moorings is like the Walking Dead in the morning.
I hate liars. Shit literally makes me sick.
Should have a great turnout at tonight. Still an hour left to show up!!
love the new background pic!
On a daily basis this is what goes through my head: Pizza Hut, Hot Cheetos, hot dogs, pickles, mac&cheese, salami, Dr. P & Hooters hot wings
Is it just me, or does Terry Dodson draw Doctor Strange like a dapper Freddie Mercury?
Thx4 the updates, everyone. Can't watch the game. Is this no linger a Super Bowl caliber Green Bay team???
A Dance With Dragons
Dream lyk this not sumn u wish 4, a dream lyk dis not sumn u ask 4. When it's a gift worth takin a chance 4, then this is sumn u dance 4 :-)
Started new job last month at UW Hospital :-) Pretty much just getting settled in there lately
we launched today! want to shoot us an email and setup a time to speak?
No aisle seats on New Zealand Air to London.
Great time with our Life Group this evening. Love these guys!
Yea just one!
Read all of 's latest tweets<33 They are amazing(: Like him!!
We can't afford to lose so much amazing talent. People step up!
#ThingsThatMakeMeSmile when sees this tweet and goes imma RT this chick and Follow her(; <3
My kitten just fell asleep under my leg... Now I'm scared to move that I'll squish her!!
The purpose of a relationship isn't for someone else to complete you; its to have someone who loves & supports you while God completes you.
JUST WANNA SAY I HATE HIM !.
Im actually hitin' Miami after this "Yukmouth" concert!!
That face you make when you think you're about to sneeze .... and then don't.
Little Debbie has risen. We're watching #Titanic together. It's like #Bestie time or something.
I love school all of a sudden or just the people at school!!! :)
Completing my paper for #school, now to proofread and submit! #LOAD #OFF my
obvi. Find me when you get there!
You know that Prescott Bush tried to pull off a Fascist Coup during WWII, right? and then his grandson succeeded 10 yrs ago.
I'm here for the furniture market! Do you live here?
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "ALOHA" to the bartender and your first drink is free.
Ha! You caught me off guard. RT : For once that was a sarcasm, innuendo free tweet. I know, hard to believe
good night people i'm back again
I wanna see The Cabin in the Woods and Lockout! They both come out on the same day!
I didn't know it was due tomorrow so your not the only one
Are you sure I'm better suited for it than you? ;)
We unintentionally stimulate envy.. my apologies! lol
Heather Allen: "A multiliteracies approach views writing not as a secondary modality, a support for speaking, but as significant in itself."
"It's so hot, I'm sitting here in my boxers". Stop stop stop stop, I'm twelve.
I think when you're home you should just tweet about your life in third person.
The second I woke up I picked up my iPod nd started to listen to Cody Simpson hahah still am :D
I'M GOING TO SHIT MY FUCKING PANTS
Welcoming Crown Prince of Bahrain....he's wondering who the man in the court jester costume is outside...assured him it's def NOT Boehner
Hope everyone has a GREAT weekend! I'll be spending some time in my art room, I love cutting glass lol ;)
I hope i dont get boring when i become a mon
Show tonight at the white rabbit Jan stage! Alot of great bands! We go on at 9:30! Be there and get down in the pit! ;D
I don't care about rumors they don't hurt me because I'm stronger than them
People of all ages are at the REV Your Engines concert. Organizers say they tried to get bands of different eras to attract diverse crowd
#IfYouKnowMeWell you know I have no problem admitting my wrongs or my mistakes. I own up to my shit no matter how bad it stinks
ill put you out your misery moda fucca hahaha
ive had 4 accounts over the past year and havent got noticed by once :\
let us know how the party smart works.
“ RT if you are a mother”
Back To School.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining
I hope the Rangers' marketing team doesn't come after me for this, but #Caps fans, my word of advice: "Believe."
Meeting on #dullesrail completed. More coming on wtop
Yep you can do it!
OMG WHEN HE COMES HER 4 TOUR IM GOING TO KIDNAP HIM AND THEN I WILL TELL U 4 WE CAN RAPE HIM ;)
#NFLDraft today. If you're not pumped, idk what's wrong with you...unless you're Canadian.
i love you ! <3
Received a spam "reminder" purportedly from subject 'LinkedIn private message.' Looks like legit 2010 emails. advise not to click
Not a million fights could make me hate you.
Would you say that its en fuego? Brooklyn's on fire? RT: : Brooklyn, yer killin it today!
Tuesday. Killer Cool Entertainment/ Visions/ Breathtaker/ Caylee's Killer/ Ascensions
oh haha yea sure thing :p lol
I support this! It's Mint Julep Week at Eatonville! Enjoy $5 Mint Juleps now through this weekend. #happyhour 2night?
RT if your glad Austin is finally doing an #AUSTREAM!
did Bowe say c-ment or c-men ??
hey there!! You came in my mail today:))) lol super cute ad:)
- Yes we agree!
Wendy's should sponsor my mom's cooking ability
It was today. We missed it, sadly. Need my fix. How was lunch ?
FINALLY, #JessicaSimpson had her baby. Girlfriend looked like she was gong to pop from week 8. We were all thinking it.
Lol I already know.
shoutout to los angeles pleasee ?!?! :D
Adios Seattle...gone for now, but I will be back to visit. On the way to the airport now to get back to the ATL
STAY TUNED: DUBSTEP VIDEO MIX COMING SOON
my friend does that to me im like who where and theni see the perso thr tlking about nd thenim ike yeah right!!!
Thank you! How sweet!
Good morning, how is Seth doing today?
is stoked for tomorrow's Environmental Film Festival Launch Party. Come out and support!
Loved the idea but missed the mark. Pretty but illusion lace placement flattened her chest.
Spam Texts: 4.5 Billion Messages a Year and Counting [VIDEO]
I got your request. Thank you. I like your photo. You look very nice. Your kids look great. I feel like i know you now.
Playing tonight at the biltmore w/ James Torme, Ryan Cross, Dan Schnelle. Sat. @ casa del mar w/ Laura Mace, Johnny Flaugher, James Gadson!!
do i know you
lol chemistry is so slow :(
Shout out to my man , who is gonna be working late editing this gamer.
Thank you Marilyn! Loved meeting you yesterday--enjoy the rest of the #blogtournyc! Hope to see you at the
later, they are asked to write their name, those who think to look at the nametags always do well
vampires beware; i am shvizting garlic...ps. where is this promised snow storm???
Kids ought to have two bicycles: one to ride and one to rent.~Jim Rohn
I need One Tree Hill back Chica!! Please <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I just threw up a little...
you're really pretty. (: and a great singer. <U+2665>
On Fireworks, says he's still trying to make up his mind. Tough decision, one that must be made by midnight
Love claybord. Takes ink beautifully. I've never worked in casein--what draws you to it?
Today is a good day. #positivity + #productivity =
Happy Birthday gorgeous!
Enjoy your weekend! Let's play #guitar and #sing a shastician rhythm! www.shastic.com
FML!!! Junsu, Onew, FT Island & CNBlue just kill me now! I can't take it!
Victory in Aurora! Drug Possession charges completely dismissed against our client - a public school teacher and single mother of two!
is the biggest guy beliebr i know(: i love that about him <3
dinner here soon.
not true, your membership is being questioned at this point
not allowed
RT : My mom, on Hayden: "A dining hall that plays Vivaldi? With locally grown vegetables? College life has perks."
Nice to hear getting some love at making voting easier just makes sense
okay thank you!
#UN gen sec Ban Ki-moon at #CPD2012 : Many #youth are sexual active and they need information and the means to protect themselves.
Headed back to New Orleans to meet up w/the crew for another day at #CTIAw12 - BOOM!
wow. Really?! What a freakin jerk. I should've listened to my cousin...
32 degrees, and i live in Phoenix. This is not cool
Another week of rehabbing my body! So it's back to the dr's, just that much closer to my dream!
Thanks Christopher for the mention! -Rod
To all the mahomies who haven't been noticed, you're time is coming .
Heading out to see the #Avengers! Excited!
Winners! Phillip Tamburello (OliverPeoples Glasses) Bruce Bogart ($50John FlueVog) Nicole Thompson & Matt Blackmore (Brooklyn Industry Tote)
Hey are you still doing Open Mic Mondays ?
Elk you were obliterating the turf that day! Show some mercy on the topsoil- those are lasagna sized divots!
!! Really? RT: So excited to finally reveal my next movie at Pixar: a story set in the world of the holiday Dia de los Muertos.
My Facebook slapping Aaron Robert Howard
Will do!
I don't get it with Howard talking all normal about the dog with poop on her and wiping it around---this doesn't follow.
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful. - Jerry Cantrell
If you're planning on doing some spring cleaning this weekend, make sure you toss out those high calorie dressings! All you need is a Mist!
So excited to be working with this Halloween for our annual Blood Drive!
exactly or like that Pearl Harbor movie with that guy
": #Taurus don't like being rushed."<-Damn right! U better wait or leave me
kind of!?!? We had rules.
Just listened to "the calling", featuring...
Nuh Uh, You Are, && Im Bout To In A Few Punk !
You don't want the Super Bowl to come so soon huh? Haha
There’s photoshop, make up, hair dye & plastic surgery. Too bad there’s nothing for your disgusting personality.
good luck 2morrow to bot u &mstephens7. Wish I were there, but time w family calls. Looking forward to dinner on Fri.
What software r u using when analyzing inside?
What? What's that you say? I laugh more when my friends are around? NO SHIT! THAT'S WHY THEY ARE MY FRIENDS.
Mcniell is reading fairy tales.. I feel lk a child again
Man, it's too cold for my sexy male nurse outfit!
None of my warm weather clothes are "school appropriate."
": Adam Jones with a three-run HR, his second in as many games. Orioles up 9-6 in the 16th." #ORIOLESMAGIC feel it happen!!!
I am posting this before I go to bed. Anyone who comments before I wake up in the morning gets a custom cover photo for $5!
Strawberry Limeades and Cherry Limeades are the best....
you're garbage.
It's hard to answer the question 'whats wrong' when nothing's right.
one thing that makes monday better is COMPRESSION on sunday night!!
Greeting Debby, thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
Those crazy kids at hit 100K followers, and are celebrating by giving away 25 subscriptions.
IDK plans soon?
Tell it! RT : If u've ever used a free medical clinic or ate b/c of a school breakfast program u can thank the Black Panth ...
Tomorrow will be my 3rd day in a row at the DMV. How I hate thee.
how did u know I would say that?
Thank you all for the great RTs!
this really sucks doe
Lol I understand he's upset with the wing God it's cool and yea that nigga ate the bravehearts and them tears ROLLED
I can't wait for SYTYCD!
yeah.... like hold the spit please lol
Circulator had to go all the way to 11th St b/c of ambulances and fire trucks on 14th and 13th...the roads are a mess! Avoid if possible!
My dog scares me when she opens my door.
could be putting Sagan into a spot of bother....
I hate how my car is full of receipts!!
BYE GOODNIGHT
yea buddy! That's what I do...lol
Great examples of context selection and UX considerations. Thanks.
To live your dream, you must first wake up -author unknown
m i can't wait..... can i say whips, chains and handcuff
Sounds like a budding opera fan to me! :)
Nice day today! #Denver!!!
matchbox 20 omg. phillip, bles your soul. and voice. and oh dear
Don't Forget Me (When I'm Gone) by Glass Tiger! C'mon, do it!
what did they still?
what is
great day to visit!
that's awesome!! “: Just dropped of George Lucas at Aon Center. #NoKidding #DeadSerious :))”
I heard Body by Vi was on the Jacksonville, FL News... anyone got that clip?
With the Munchie Diet I had portioned meals and snacks, so I never let anything go to waste!
Soon its gone be nothing you can do
JUST GOT A HOT PENNY STOCK TIP from a very experienced broker. Apparently, "LUSI.OB" is the stock to be in this week, trust me
But...nice bags are cute. Er, handsome. Whatever, I'm a sucker for a nice bag.
Your body fresh out the shower, you touch yourself after hours.
Hey , is this a book signing opportunity? RT : If you're In LA Come meet me at the Grove tomorrow at 7
... I gave in and got the Pinterest app.
i'm glad u have had at least a slow down :)
i agree .. i never have my camera on nights like this ;(
GO TO BED WITH YOUR SEXY ASS! :)
2,500 pieces of stage structure analyzed by Thornton
Ben Zander, symphony conductor & The Art of Possibility author. His leader definition: Masterful in creating & holding distinction.
I hope that girl from Shaler didn't die. That's scary.
Basketball is like photography, if you don't focus all you have is the negative. #lovethesport <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
ahh.. and good to see that smiling face back up ;)
"Wake up in it.....ain't too much to ask for right"
I am joining ping.fm so that all of my blogs, etc. are up to speed... :)
You'll do great, lovely!
Also big thanks to
Yeah, now!
rachel, you're so lucky! nicole, that's a joke, right? i'll miss her cute lab coat though!
I can't wait til Westy 12 is available here legally. The last bottles I got on eBay were not near as good as St Bernardus and Rochefort
Up next at #cnxcon: Panel on Breaking OER into the Mainstream with , Orange Grove Text Plus, and TX State Board of Ed
I tweet u waaaayyyyyyy too much . . OHWELL !
Rick's is a bit over run for me.
missin your soul!
haha it's a great feeling
#Confession, I did not watch the Oscars but I did read my twitter timeline so I know everything that happened and agree with you all.
It just makes me cry. OMG NOW SOMEONE IS SAYING IM GAY CUZ TWITTER IS GAY :'(
It's been an absolute pleasure but I must call it a night. See you tomorrow.
Hope he never auditions for the part of an English-speaking character.
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
I would rather see Julian Miller.
Booked for a flight to Portland then driving down to Eugene with Now I'm bored in SF airport for 2 hours.
Says: How hurtful it can be to deny one's true self and live a life of lies just to appease others.
I feel so free right now!! I feel like a big weight just got lifted off my shoulders it feels great!!! :)
We feel we'd look great in the original batmobile. Fins become us.
Keep it up
u welcome. (:
She told me to take care of the office *scratches head and looks around* shitttt I hope nobody pop up in here they gone b real disappointed
I hate last minute planning...
When did freedom become a zero sum game? Not like it's a limited resource. Allowing others to have it doesn't take yours away.
#oomf is so friendly I want to meet him in person lol
#Cuse getting some ticky-tack calls. You hate for refs to determine a game like this
are you home?
Caps win! Game 7 here we come!
Wishes that , , n would follow me.. *eyes shut tight, fingers crossed* :)
Just dropped by the booth at #FAIAC11 - Proud to do business with them
Goodmorning Tweeters. Have a great and blessed day. I luv yall :)
im starting dance classes in the summer(; can I get a good luck from u?
-Great stuff. Thanks.
was with Tim Armstrong and Engine Room all morning...new Jimmy Cliff album really coming together... new music very very soon...bad ass!!!
Where does the time go?
For sure, Brandi. Life is definitely about taking on new challenges that lie ahead.
What is cinco de mayo
Photo Retoucher available with reasonable rates :) Please keep me in mind. Thank you
i'm like half way done. Mine is going to have a lot of highlighted stuff that's been changed...
which she was able to do b/c she wrote the HP books under a contract which made no mention of ebooks.
Waching the movie red.
went to sleep at 7pm don't know why.! this is awkward
I think I'm drnuk.
I find when I'm trying to write is the same time I get the most sweeping done.
#UConn. Big game tomorrow boys. Lets take care of the Bison and see what the 3rd (2nd) round holds for us.
See thats why your a playa cause u play with ppl
Thanks for the #FF!
Interview with Stanford tomorrow. Nervous.
It's going to be a tough day. The library is HOT and it's only 8:15.
awww i didnt keep to see it :/ ....
War Horse is basically Cold Mountain with a happy ending- and horses.
Yes Quiz three is today. Then the class will work on their #Weebly blogs and pages
8 mile bike ride from today's track....
blocked at work, so I'm trying out & email/im tasks are das bomb. I can email library reminders and sync to my gcal!
good luck!
Keep drinking!
Inpsired by #TeamGleason proud to be a
Very Nice!
Every Washington Nationals fan's gonna doing the "Riggel" in honor of Jim Riggelman's excellent job with this team
Yeah, I don't think that was necessary for you to call me a "white bitch"
I want to maaaarrry rondo
Research design, when you get right down to it, is kind of like making a mixtape.
Request a double-shot of The Destructions tonight on 102.9 the Buzz at 25859 and start your text with WBUZ!
Yay! My first $5 Amazon Gift Card on
turn me on- norah jones
One Headlight- the Wallflowers & Runaway Train -Soul Asylum ;)
Submit your wine labels now to contest to enter. #free to enter! Winner to be announced at the 2012 wine comp at the RB inn
Hahaha I will try :)
note the passive aggression tho!
RT : That lighter bat is doing Soriano some good, eh?
no ma'am, why?
thank you #fritolay customer service!
I just signed a petition urging to stop violence against women and repeal Article 475
Rangers try to close out Capitals; Ducks re-sign Saku Koivu (Playoff Puck Previews) (Puck Daddy)
There's a huge difference between "making good time getting to work" and "being ridiculously early to work". Sometimes traffic fails you.
Today is a reggae kind of day. <3
Thank you God
Just booked reservations at for #chicagorestaurantweek. So pumped to try The Resolution! Tonight, David Burke's
Just walked down the makeup aisle in Walmart to look at an Emma Stone ad
Thanks twitter for unfollowing people I want to follow and weirdly following people I would rather see play in traffic!
MTV on demand launches in the UK, now everyone's got a 'banker' for those cold ... - Engadget
Great News! RT : At #onceuponatime #wondercon panel, executive producers say the Huntsman will reappear in season finale.
Thanks for your help with my password today. Sorry for the meltdown. You are the best!
It exists and it is it is INTENSIVE. Turns mild mannered gentlemen into booze swilling assholes.
great job and
If I don't text you back it's cause I don't really have my phone right now, but I will later lol
Nah!!!! He's hella cool. He's young and on the rise in his own practice. Something I look forward to.
Rackspace has been helpful for says
Crazy play of events tonight! Sorry , love you man!
I hope so! Because I wanna come and see you!
Um that dog is nothing short of amazing Jen! U should bring him to practice one day haha
I've updated my end.
I dont mind the hate... do what you do cuz Im loving my life and apparently so are you .
Austin bound for work with
hit us up at ! we will see what we can do!
it gonna be a great event
No work not sure what to do tonight.
EVERYONE DONE PANICING YET
Ppl who got an STD and still go out scoutin for meat
Last night was a party, today is #NewComicBookDay. There's so much to buy!
We're picking sides now? I'm ok w/that as long as we're also cheering for the guys in crimson & cream. Go IU!!!!
thanks for the shout out
I wanna run, but only far enough to make you miss me.
San Diegoan? What is this Anchorman? Welcome to America's Finest #craftbeer City! Cheers!
Haha, very tempting. What channel?
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are :)
were ate you from?
We love the Yellow Belts and Loaded Nuns
Goodnight<3 today = [:
Starting today we'll be open from 9 AM – 9 PM. If you have any questions feel free to post them on our wall or give us a call @ 619-800-3873
okay like bel-air cantina quality.
Call back for national Nintendo commercial went great!
I like the Foaming Hand Soap best.
Ok. Startin my New Years Resolution early.. Going walking # KIT!! (Keep It Tight!!)
just living it up!
Thanks for the new follows
PRESENTATION WAS A SUCCESS! :D The prayer really did help a lot! I thank God for humbling me when I started!
RT : The geography teacher says that her globe means the world to her. :)
lmao. i hope it dont get worse:,(
": Also, I'm screwed if Duke loses. #theywont #ncaa #goduke" just lost a finals team myself...
SALTY FACE
Tweet tweet .___.
We tell people to hide their relationship status if going through a breakup. Who wants to deal w all the questions and drama?
good morning what up with a follow
I really don't want to go out tonight. Like ohmygosh! Just let me stay home and not eat a burrito!
thanks for the RT!
In honor of my favorite Saint and wknd only my tweets are open for the world to see. What a special treat.
Twix; really just a couple of cookies.
RT Gotta be one of the best of Day 2 then, going from 211th till 3rd on chipcount. -- Day 2 is my speciality :)
www.jcrew.com 3 days only. EXTRA 20% off sale + FREE SHIPPING on any order of 150$ or more "EXTRA20" @ checkout! GREAT sales!!
They say 5 out of 4 people have problems with fractions
Young girl, Doing What she Want Cause She Can
My hearts heavy but my lips are sealed. My eyes watery but my lids are shields. I wanna speak but the words are gone. Timeup no life im gone
sfjazz collective debuted 4 stevie wonder tunes at portland jazz fest last night -- my cherie, do I do, visions & superstition. sf next!
I think a man just tried to throw a trash can at me.
Today is already long, I wish I could spin the earth a little quicker to start over 2morrow
Lots of great presentations on tap for Monday's 4th Tech-in-Ed Conf. Including from & more!
I guess I never meant anything to you...it's great feeling like you've been replaced.
That's an idea...thanks! You in, ?
Blessed to see another day..
oops, got caught.
I need love on my work twitter account so please follow me at
follow back sexy...
Three young teens playing violins and a cello on the corner of 5th & Pine. Stop by! They sound great!!!
and a partridge in a pear tree enjoy
Let's have a party!
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is someone to truly love her.
Buy me something nice!
That answers my question. Thanks!
decompressing from doing a five minute talk at an On Purpose Networking for Women meeting. What a rush!
it looks likes the image you click to see if you have more emails on mail for mac :P people still use ones made of paper.
I don't need another heartless misery.
Game 2 is Monday, Game 3 is Wednesday. Any preferences? I can do either, but'd be there a little late Wed.
You need to get out of the 'burbs and come hang with the cool kidz.
oh thank you! I had a hand in the design.
not asking enough questions and not listening
I LOVE that song!!!
I just want to stay in bed, and not deal with the world, I know whats out there and I think it's boring.
good however dinner remains my fave meal there although I saw a fried green tomato BLT on lunch menu...M.
#TrayvonMartin outrage seems to be worse than #TroyDavis and growing more each hour
Hey thanks for participating in our RT shirt contest!! Keep the RTs Coming for
Star Wars Day isn't a celebration for everyone. My father was an AT-AT driver.
Haha! Yeah it's kind of hard to study now since we're both listening to sort of sad songs b/c of THEM! Haha! These boys....
They're remaking Carrie and Little Shop of Horrors? Is there a #movie they don't plan on remaking?
The opposite of love isn't hate or indifference. It's interpersonal politics.
I have to say this one has piqued my interest as well.
I'm going to guess Arby's
Just replaying last night LOL had a ball with my husband at the club we be on 1 RT I love that man that's my sexy face!
I want to kill everybody in the world.
thank you so much, I will. You're a sweetheart!
Lmao Peter preaching
Buy your tickets to the Tejano Music Awards Sept.10. They are going fast.
Facebook got hacked. -_-
You are a great couple! and you are AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!
A #dramafree life can be heavenly.... A life #fullofdrama can be
Lmao I bet he been waiting
Great New York night... Staring at the Manhattan skyline before seeing Karen O & Adam Rapp's rock & roll opera baby at St. Ann's Warehouse.
#museweb Opening party last nite. Talked w/curator about '13 exhibit on 'memory' Suggested we do a website discussion on What Do U Remember
Its official, were all ready for the hurricane here. Didnt get evacuated here so hoping it wont get too bad.
Morning work out tho its freezing out.
Bridges bring people together. Uhh from different sides of a river
Thats That Trill Shit I Be Talking Bowt,Bandana Tied To The Side Like Tupac,Its That #ASAP Life,Its That Trill Wave,Get Ur Surfboards Ready.
Blush tones on the red carpet are amazing! Love them all!
I wanna go home, watch movies & cuddle
Went to get my new registration in the ghetto by accident
R.I.P Whitney Houston, I just saw You in Beverly Hills last week..
...that's why I love HPN. In & out. Travel safe. ;)
listening to a pandora mix station and getting some killer surfing in on the wide world of the web
God Morning everyone :)
I know u love me too,sweety))))
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. - Buddha
Today's #FreeDrinkFridays will be announced at 4pm and 7pm. But there is a new twist.
Bless you, and congratulations! Monday I will be bringng home twin new "boobies" :-/
Ride it out, ride ur it; Work at back till u tired out.. Roll at weed, den fly u out. Taste at lean when u kiss my mouth..
Miss one Ty Lawson..
Explain to me why I should explain your grade to you at all, much less in detail.
OK, she wins Twitter RT OMG Phil Lesh (Grateful Dead) just stopped by looking for me 2 give us tix to his new club
Q from MKE: If Glenn could move permanent public artwork to London for the #Postmodernism show, which work(s) would he select?
seen you on The Ramp webcast tonight!
Aw I missed my puppies! I'm bringing them back to NY with me shhhhhhhhh
RIP Coach Joe
Sebelius praises and at #WON12: "It’s changed the conversation about health and fitness" she says of initiative.
Goodnight twitter....well actually good morning :)
Talking about redevelopment reform at the NAIOP legislative committee. The question is can one large agency function effectively?
you stink and I don't like you ... who knew it would be wrestling and not rampant liberalism that would be my tipping point
good luck 2morrow. Brush the haters off. Do your thing. I'll be rooting for ya!
Guys with green or blue eyes >>>>
yes! All safe & sound!
Im a start a riot im a start a riot lame nigga be quite
You know Life is passing you by, when it waves at you then flips you off, as it speeds by you. ~ Lisa Morgan
GOOD LUCK! what did you think of Antwan's video?
"Investing in online video is no longer optional," says Digitas' Stephanie Sarofian. "Today's viewer is not just passively sitting and watc…
Don't miss the grand open opening of the exhibits tonight at 5 pm.
See that small figure under that giant bus? That's me. Thanks for throwing me under. Dicks at work
Apparently now being a nice guy and being polite means NERD, GAY, LAME....WTF!!!!!!!!!!!
Vertiginous gray wall of stadium steps so Escher
Google Drive: Hybrid of Cloud Storage and Cloud Computing - Huffington Post (blog)
call me if you need a fix, call me if you need a boost
That's a good idea. I definitely need to be more selective, and whittle.
We made sure our dJ played that song at our wedding. One of our favorites.
Thanks, we're planning on it. You do the same!
Health starts with a happy family, take some pictures and use the excellent to put it on your wall!
Cut looks like +2. Choi and Casey will both miss it
To the Rama tonight w uncle Shawn lol
For those #vikings watching the #mnleg - seems that the GOP isn't going to vote on a stadium, and is now taking tomorrow off.
who doesn't though..
excuse me, are you going WITHOUT the milkshakes?!
Gotta love the #NBAPlayoffs ": I love the playoffs"
ha ha ha. I know what you might have meant. I thought it too! Was just messin. Know you are class act :-)
For some reason, my doctoral hood is white & not the usual blue today. Wonder what checkbox I screwed up on when I reserved it.
haha #truth I got pretty good with it back in the day
New West Summit Oct 16-18 at World Market Center downtown would be a good for photo ops
My mom is so strong! She's grieving her fathers death and still puts on a smile. I just wish she new it's alright to cry sometimes.....
im ok. you?
Bella Vita indeed. Bad tattoo to get when your kid is missing.
Hope you've had a great week! It was so nice to meet you at our open house week.
Shake up your Saturday with one of our shakes, malts, or floats!
Yeah , maybe if you say it enough times you'll make yourself believe it lol
saw you were with some of the boys tonight! Coming back to NYC tonight, let's kick it this week!
RT - Jacksonville Jaguars are a bunch of retards. How the FUCK could you release David Garrard and start Luke McCown??!! Fkn...
#NP I Just Wanna Say by Israel Houghton
You get free pizza... I'll get stuck with the bill! All good.
Wont pay the poll tax...i mean the toll tax
headache and it sucks i hate school so friggin much wanna go home
because you are just so old.
"Be mindful of what you toss away, Be careful what you push away, & think hard before walking away."
Thank you!
LOL is getting ready to lob a few disruptive bombs at us folks. Here it comes :)
I'm good...lots of schoolwork today :/
Tweet what's up?
Never be afraid to laugh at yourself, after all, you could be missing out on the joke of the century. —Dame Edna Everage
Maybe you make up your mind who I really am
A few, but most aren't of legal age!
the other isaac said that :o hahaha
“It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.”
Back home in Denver and glad to be back in my own bed!!!
The look in someone eyes can telk u alot bout wats on they mind
weeping of him!
I remember when I use to POP BUBBLE WRAP.....
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride. ~ American Proverb
Will Vermaelen receive credit from OPTA for a goal-line clearance on that block of RVP's header?
love the bright new orange twitter logo
Their parody shows never disappoint. Troy and Abed playing good cop/bad cop was particularly spot on.
Happy B-Day Weezy.....F....BaeBee we love yhu
Drunken Sunday with your bffs is the way to be!! where are you!??
thx 4 following! Dancing is a favorite past time! Dance dance dance dance dance!!!
you don't know me by TI
Shake Ure butt, shake shake Ure butt.
“: If she can roll, wife that bitch.” ;)
Very tired. I pushed myself all day yesterday so that I could finish the articles and post them online. Will need to rest a bit now. Cheers!
#itsTimeForYouToRealize you suck at lecturing and your teaching total bullshit
that your blonde and not red
.RT : My favorite sexual euphemism is from Dante: "And they read no more that evening . . ."
So is da daddy of LaQuiesha
#Team - I really do all this work by friday to graduate.
if the flickr image is locked, use chrome & rightclick/inspect element to find the JPEG URL.
Wishing every mother a Happy Mother's Day.
teaching myself PHP my head hurts from bouncing it off the wall
please follow back :)
#20ThingsAboutMe I love the band sleeping with the sirens
Bout to get these children in bed....hurry up 9:00 pm
Photo #follow Photo
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do. -Apple
Just saw on Nip/Tuck (watching series) OMG WHAT an AMAZING actress I totally believed she was a redneck! could be family
Seriously feels like shit. Yay to strep throat. Not.
RIP headphones #5. If you want them, I'm pretty sure they fell out of my pocket on highland.
Well, a big LOL @ us old guys last night trying to play ball against a talented bunch of kids in Fort Atkinson. Not an excellent showing.
Hey - if you change a reg to 'reject' should they disappear from campers page?
shout tout to my homie wrddd upp she been the homie for a min n been supporting much love homie
Wishing you the best. Little Harleigh is doing great! Thanks for asking. How about the latest addition to your family?
Between Liberties & Omega Love play club cafe at 10pm ~ new tuned, new lineup & an accordion!
No biggie keep grinding! RT : wow what a nice thing to say! Thank u!
Hey Sumner. was gonna ask how your Moms Day went but didnt want to assume you had children.
when are the tickets for chicago going on sale??!! Im dieing over here!(:
lol xD but....... That's a epic name I guess
Gonna go hit up Green Dove and see how those OG's stack up. Can't beat buy one eighth get one free of equal value. 7 g's of OG for 60. Irie!
Agreed, dude. I hope they do.
a perfect day, for the perfect couple...so glad to share it! : )
#CongratsOn3MilliomLiam :D WOO WOO we did it!!! Love you daddy direction <333
RT : Going to McDonald's for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
Derby....ya got me
Right now I'm reading The Orphan Master's Son by Adam Johnson. So far, I highly recommend it.
Need a cup of joe.
Jersey Shore! ;)
Not sure if there are any other #mls clubs that can say their head coach came to watch the 2 FO teams face off in an indoor match
Dear GW Parkway, Why must you be such a fickle, schizophrenic a-hole? And why did you save your worst for Friday?
:l I can't find no movie to put me to bed either... The last one was crazy AF... Hellpp!
did I ask you if it was on point? Oh Kay ....
Up preparing to head to sound check.
Oh Cinco de Mayo! Glad we fought the French so I could drink some liquor!
Aww, thanks for the shout out. You're the best.
omg i'm crying !D': poor little girl <|3 i feel bad for her !!
Great, thanks!
My Mother never breastfed me. She told me she only liked me as a friend - R.D.
AMAZING! Congrats!
#itshardwhen the person you love, loves someone else and you have to pretend everything is okay and be happy for them... </3
thanks for the RTs!
yes we do. Cool u wrote back, seriously. I just get fed up with all the celebs .....
you are the sweetest.
Damnn u caught me lol...how about i get the name and u can keep the "Works at makin them niggas drop" part
well) thank you!
Lane 6... “: See you on Saturday at the Preakness Mark Teixeira!!!!!”
Wishing the students at Spirit Lake HS a great prom. Please show my cousin Jess a lot of love. She is awesome!
you'd be my favorite person evar!
#BIGGESTshoutout - to all the fans that were always there for him ! #MUCHLove :)
I don't think too long
Oh, for whoever cares about my academic career, I got a 96% on my final exam in History class.
our PHAME students have composed a song we think is PERFECT for Portlandia. How to get it to you for a listen? :)
Today at CPL: Basic Computer Classes, Buying & Selling a Home, Preschool storytime & more! bit.ly/i9lj8C
#20thingsaboutme My birthday Is on sept.8th Passt,giving me some balloons would be great(:
Identity projects today! Happy hump day!
not to be a hater she only talks about life not sluts or make people laugh
Some life. LOL
Anyone else watching the #puppybowl on Animal Planet? It's a little too cute
Classic 'London Meeting' photo on screen for Barbara T's presentation--all here now except Alistair Miles, Tom Delsey, Andy Powell
you jelly bro?:)
Thank you my dear Steven for listening so often!! I didn't know. I'm not mad at all!!!! Enjoy!!! Blessings
"If it doesn't resonate to the outside world it's not going to do you any good to be in your own bubble" - on #
I feel a 2 run shot coming....
Party tonight kegs gettin filled hmu for address 18+
I forgot #teenwolf was coming on today. This show is my shit!
The Turkey Trot Classic will be moving after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
man, i'm hungry
Im tired of looking at cars that I will NEVER be able to afford.
Cheers right back at you!
researching mingle from Thoughtworks and contemplating going to Whistler tomorrow
We are so happy you will be joining in the parade fun! #cincinnati #cincinnatistpatricksparade,
Almost done getting the Fall fonts packages ready! Should be a few more days. Will be sold in limited quantities.
truth RT : Reserve game day! <U+26BD>
": I know David West made G-Road proud tonight" Sure did and always does!
Out of the noon event . Worked it to a decent 24000 then bluffed most of it off. Jumping in the 8pm nightly tourney.
I hope this game starts out with an all out brawl!!!! JJ... Kinda....
Nice. I know I'd prefer tix on my phone so I don't have to worry about forgetting them. :) Thx for the info.
Well Happy Birthday! A DH sweep is a nice present.
:-) now looks like i'll get to stay put 4 next year. pls le me know abt cool east coast schls u know abt tho.
Stay classy.
RT : Roaring success to new release by Thanks for mention and #ff YOU ARE MOST WELCOME!! HUGS & Wish you an inspired wk!
I'll be the one who sees a pattern in a horrible crime … not sure I want that skill!
and to top it that.. They have a new record coming out this summer!
RT : -Thank you Cyndi, happy sunday to you & urs as well... Good to hear from you... how is the family
Lol no boots even sleep
"It is only with the heart that one can rightly; What is essential is invisible to the eye."
I think the correct response is, "my wife isn't quite ready to give up wine for 9 months yet."
Green bug for kitty, green smoothie for me! :-)
Celebrating the November birthdays of great jazz musicians:
how long till the Tebow to Miami rumors start...
knows how to throw a party - their Magnum Event was a Magnum full of fun and great food and wine - great experience...
I'd go with Ginger because I'd be the unofficial center of everything, but secretly fear I'm Posh and untalented, but just pretty
Don't u hate when u can't sleep? I mean I like literally woke up at 1:00 something in the morning smh follow me and I will follow u back
im seeing you smile still getting butterflies every once in a while, <3
Spoiler Alert: The ship still sinks at the end.
I dont wana go to school because this thing on the side if my face and neck. Its hurting really bad.
If you need a gift for Father's Day, I'll be signing copies of The Bearded Gentleman at Borders on Market St in SF on June 19 (2 to 5pm)
Nothing like a cut from a real barbor. Got nervous when the straight razor came out! Look Sharp! Play sharp! #lehhgo Indians get 2 in a row!
Follow back
Matt Toter with some beautiful saves to deny Delaware on the PP
hm lakers again ehh? can we at least give another team a chance. do give props to kobe though... kinda
Do you embed them or just link to vids? How do you embed in GDocs?
Humor: You're doing it wrong.
Going shopping today :D
Congratulations 2 Lab School & Capital City Charter School 4 winning the girls & boys championships, respectively. Great games by all teams.
Eli is the proud owner of a patio tomato plant. Praying he will heed my "don't over-water it," advice and it's fruitful!
Hipster Central/ Fox Theater Oakland. Caught the tail end of Tune Yards. Awaiting St. Vincent to come onstage
*Singing* "It's a beautiful morning! oh ah ah!" Enjoy the day!
Minnesota Senate committee debating Voter ID bill. I'll keep you posted.
Contact me for a complimentary health and wellness assessment!
#kids Mother's Day Brunch at Dallas Zoo, Sat, May 12 9:00a: Treat Mom to a scrumptious brunch with all the trimmings while dining at the...
Good morning to all the ladies in my tl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
go fuck yourself and have a great time doing it, you joyless pig.
laughing too hard. i can't decide whether this is funny or creepy though
me too!
Here's to Karma!
If we don't find harmony in ourselves, how can we spread harmony Tweetahs?
Does anyone know someone looking for summer teaching posiiton? Cottage Grove Parks & Rec (USTA 10 & Under program) is looking
These responses are gutting me. RT Racist Hunger Games Fans Are Very Disappointed (by )
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” --Gandhi (via )
What movie from your generation are you going to show your kids as a "Classic"?
When I look into you eyes, I see something beautiful.. And its my reflection.(;
If you want to know how to market, how to tweet effectively, how to be productive, and other important stuff, #FF He rocks!
You blame other people for the things you do and accuse people of what they are not. What's your problem??
In tupelo about to see the devel inside of me"!!!!!!
I sit here debating my choices:read, finish Yanks game and somehow, my mind sways to tomorrow night's "Swamp People." Go figure
Everybody out there have a good weekend?
Haha we'll see if they learned their lessons from Madrid two years ago.
I want my own kitchen !
I get nervous when my computer asks me if I "want to make these changes" to a document that I didn't change. WTF is up with that?
and remember the babys real name
I need a job cause I need money.
KEEP CALM AND BE CHOOSEY....
oh wow! Sounds amazing! Super jealous!! I def want to go to the next one. How do I register? cc:
I love it when the car I'm in charge of isn't the last one.
Thanks! It was fun! Q&A now.
Imagination helps bring out the realism of every detail and only sees the beauties of the work.
Freaking Gemma have lost her mind! Freaking Tara is wicked!!!
Banaian is a clown.
I can imagine...and ever evolving...
I love you guys! All of you! (: <U+2661>
What's Miami doing tonight ?
I hate it when you search all over for something and it was right in front of your face the whole time!!!!
Ok.... someone out there is using the name Trixzena and Trixze for their World of Warcraft avatar. Is that NOT the scariest thing ever?
Jamming on #guitar today
Hey Ray! The double feature was a success! We are currently working on tracking down 35mm prints for next event.
Cool, thanks Karina!
Its almost t-shirt time lol :)<U+E044><U+E044>
Depends on the person and the subject...
- Cool. Do you enter competitions?
what are you guys working on?
wat u doing this weekend
Have you heard that Kim Jong il has died?
Karissa - e-mail me tomorrow so I can tell you how to get your tickets...Dave
show a girl how much u dig her by liking a picture deep in her FB pictures. girl i went through all those, just cuz i think you cute.
yeah buddy it will be fun I'm pumped! Headed to go food shopping now. What time you coming down?
I was recognized in a city by a nice girl. That's the price of glory!
“: Power has been restored at all of our schools!” we're thinking electricity, not authority. ;)
4 more days till Christmas Break doin a
Okay guys, heading over to Mom's house now to help her move some boxes. I'm planning on being charming, but I worry it'll devolve. Tips?
they dont have kobe “: *waits for excuses *”
Which will you ignore more of: these tweets or women's reproductive rights?
The moon is absolutely gorgeous tonight.
At work,jus clocked in
you guys are too cute
Not ashamed at all to admit that Justin Bieber's "Boyfriend" is my new fave thing.
We'll open at noon, doing free cookies til approximately 8:27pm! Take a lunch break! :)
When you tell your art teacher you hate what you've drawn and he practically draws the rest for you.
Who ever came up with the 80 hour work week needs to be put to sleep.
Definitely positive. You should consider sending that into Thought Catalog, if nothing else.
ha, sorry, i'm not a very good spotify stalker!! & let's hear this reason... i mean, we all know BSB > Nick Lachey & co
good ? study found users prefer social to non-social login. Users forced to create sep logins would leave or avoid site
I thought today's twitter 101 session was: inspiring and enlightening. I already have ideas to apply when I get home. Sweet!
ive nevr had a mess up w/ amazon but I did 2day sent me out a totally wrong item that I dnt even order.Was labeled wrong.
had a brilliant preview of Every Christmas Story Ever Told with & Brian Lange (directed by Kate Jaeger).
Lol i'll eat it by then
I could've gotten an extra hour of sleep.
Haven't logged in here for awhile. Be sure to check out my website www.jamilemcgee.com and follow me!
I-5 NB is already slow from the Marquam Bridge to the Interstate Bridge this afternoon- I-84 to I-205 looks good though
"We need to talk abt our participation in the fine arts." Violinist is bringing music into the community.
Elk Brats today! They're sellin fast!
Don't forget the benefit tablao tonight! 8pm. $25 at the door. All proceeds benefit Festival Flamenco 2012! 214 Gold Ave
Yall I have these boots from urban, they're my absolute fav and the back of one of them are talking ! I still wear em though
It's a beautiful warm(ish) rainy day in southeast Michigan today. Go Tigers!!!
Dr. Knox on the stand in child abuse case now, she examined the girl in Feb, possibly malnourished girl gained 17 pounds during treatment
(Missed you.)
RT : "Current tenure system is like judging Leonardo on success of his submarines"
just sent you an email! Xoxo
Campers return to Camp Cheerful June 27th. Thanks for your help in raising necessary funds by participating in the race!
*smashes guitar over head* RAHHHHH!
Waiting for a package. I'm guessing I'll wait around all day and it will take till 6pm to get here.
"He comes to break oppression, to set the captive free - To take away transgression, and rule in equity." ::the welcome wagon::
Patriot Pay SaaS Payroll Software is now available for Tennessee Employers
Dancing with the stars!:)
#WhyAreYou here: Believe you can and you're halfway there.--Theodore Roosevelt
Reluctantly, I have to admit that the movie #hallpass is pretty damn funny.
gonna go see cute animals 2morrow w/ !
YES! :) thanks boo
New Logo, check it out!
I feel your pain - I tried the P90x today, I can barely move - Congrats on the running!!
"Experience is not enough." Always wear safety equipment.
just saw your parents eating dinner :)
you are my sunlight and my rain, and time could never change what we share forever more.
Hey ....on what planet is direct deposit a "pending transaction" at open of business on a Friday! I'm about to walk folks!
En route home to Seattle for tonight's lecture on Networked Urbanism http:://nowurbanism.org
": What are your plans for this weekend?" Super exited to see in concert...in a hot pink mini dress & zebra leggings
Excited we locked our concept for The Collective Vol. 4. & I will be channeling Wilfred/ Flight of the Conchords
Same. I'd never see it. haha.
I'm pretty sure if people saw the way I act when I'm alone with my dog they would never be able to take me seriously again.
You're welcome. So cool. This will be part of your life always now, & the part they played will make it even more special :)
Happy Friday, everyone! I hope it's sunny and warm where you are!
At Rattlestick for their marathon TheaterJam. Too much talent in one room to tweet about!
#pzs12 starts off with a homework assignment: everyone, come up with questions for us!
seriously cant wait!
RT if you love when Austin says 'thank you' after singing.
lord help us all LOL
see ya soon love. Are you coming to LA this weekend? If so, let's hang out.
Hymn 278 Hosanna, loud Hosanna
alright u got me iam see u couple min BE SCARED
I think our waitress is drunk
Fine, pillow barrier!
I cried so hard!! Great movie but super sad ;(
you too!!
nothing just love our names that's all lol
Aw your so sweet I'm dern fine how about yourself (;
Montana Health Cooperative's Dr. Tom Roberts is speaking on a panel with other recently-funded CO-OPs at the #NASHCO conference.
Just followed! :) I have two browsers open - one I'm 3rd in line, the other I'm 5th. No movement in the past 20 mins. Killin me
Happy Mother's Day 2 all my fellow moms out there that work hard everyday breaking up fights between kids & kissin the booboos that they get
I wound up planting a small cactus in a coffee cup for all who died yesterday. Donated $ in memory of Donna Summer to Ronald McDonald House
I don't think anyone could do that. Try picturing Alan May instead. Haha. Seems to be working for me.
#Redheads, #brunettes or #blondes?
I'm so excited that there were 2 episodes on tonight!!! They were so funny:)
Forget a white Christmas.. I'll take one with lots of sunshine! #chillinginMexico :)
Decided to start my day at Panera in SS. I wonder if will be here later?
It's #nationalkissingday! #Actors what show did you have your first stage kiss in?
Just finished the final edits on Little Miss Lovesick!!! I'm SO happy!! Now must eat. Starving. Wrote through lunch. So worth it! :)
What kind of grant writing opportunity are you looking for? Paid or probono? Where are you located? I may have ideas for you
This is bad real bad, Micheal Jackson. (;
We've got tickets to sit in on the live taping of the Dr. Phil show today - should be lots of fun.
Council members want a moratorium on tax lien sales of properties because of unpaid water bills
For the last day of school today the seniors brought food and a grill and are cooking outside in the parking lot
My favorite week, that week between Christmas and new years eve! Great time to be alive!
Saturday= sleep in day!
wow thanks!
"Don't you People Work?"
#SCCMayor Forum is being moderated this evening by
Cinco de Mayo is celebrated on the westside of every city.
thanks for the website... some great ideas come to mind for that one!!
hey what's your tumblr?
I like it on wii only
building>battling any day.
What am I asking? You're gorgeous. But I'm not jealous because I'm attractive enough to be overly confident. ;)
I've been contemplating that for like 3 hours now. I've got an abundance of energy tonight.
HL7 founded 1987. Do we need more than 25 years? There's business/political resistance to interoperability.
Wisconsin is dissecting Syracuse's zone to a T!!!
thanks! Apologies for the off kilter photo
I knew I like you...
Hanley pounding the ball with his "doubters" bat. I love it!
yes yes it is
you're ma favorite. today was great btw
Strength comes by choice! There is no such thing as a strong person- it's just a choice 2 get back up when you are down.
pw = password (or my cat's nickname Playbsy Waybsy)
<U+266C> Drake - the motto <U+266C>
how r u babes
this is a total blow out tonite. rex ryan OUTCOACHED RT : Brutal, uninspired, play calling for the
Tip #6: “Use the services offered by local and national support groups, organizations, and community outreach programs.
my ipod is locked for 21,773,004 minutes.... and i have no idea how that even happened, i shut it off and no it is locked for 40 plus years
its fucking spring break!
Naz Habitat for Humanity general club meeting tomorrow (Tues) from 7-8 in the 1924 Room - find out more about how you can get involved.
1/2 price pizza and we get free Denny's! It's only the 2nd inning!
still no NYE Plans...so many places to go in ATL and I havent settled on one yet..
Stay fly, Stay high
Right on! Ya'll all three killed it! Just glad I could facilitate the magic! :-D
Buying one new car tire costs as much as a bicycle.
Most not know of the one they call
For everyone who celebrates - We hope you have a very MERRY CHRISTMAS!
3-day passes to are sold out.
upset as a friend has died and found out via another person who used to be her friend - but no details! some people are just mean.
WHEW!!!!!! I ain't been on twitter in a month of sundays. It felt like a year tho. What y'all been doin? Lol
Is anybody out there?
I'm playing Beastie Boys so much right now.
you are the best. :)
what up I'm out man
Just a reminder, we have SAPB presents 6:06 Coffeehouse Series: Kyshona Armstrong tonight!
thank you buck!
thank you for being an inspiration to tall curvy girls! Learning to love my body.
Amen to that!
Good luck!!
I get to collect my #MegaMillions winnings today! Woohoo! Countless bottles of wine and a beautiful beach are in my very near future! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
. - good to chat with you this morning for Was interesting to learn more about Keep up the good work!
Come by Coop's this Halloween weekend, what we've got is better than candy!
I want Vinny at SS. RT : Which pitcher would you want to play a position when Aoki pitches?
The sad thing is, we're falling apart, n I think we BOTH knw it...oh wait srry I 4got ur 2 busy 2 even understand how I feel
GUYS! can someone tell me who Justin is talking about? When he was pissed earlier
"Emotions are like waves. You can't stop them, but you can pick which ones to ride"
lol I've never heard anyone use the word "scandalous" until now xD
Desire is the starting point of all achievement. - Napoleon Hill
What hurts the most is being so close, and losing the time to finally get the chance to be with someone you never really had
Good god some drunk old lady just stumbled into me saying how cute I am. Feel so dirty
RT : Presentation is done. Looking forward to being a spectator for the rest of
That's a good add for sure.
#OnceAponaTime kids were kids, not whores.
not much... I have broken my nose few days ago... I am gonna have my surgery soon. u?
Thanks for the RT love ladies!
and that's why you are the awesome. And all ur bases belong to me.
Lil girls be hating on facebook. Gosh i just want to comment "you think that your so cool cause you wrote this right?"
thanks. Maybe, next year I will attend.
really? why for :(
i second that! Come to pittsburgh again!
I try to keep my composure as best as I can, but sometimes my fists ball up & I can't help it. Having anger is human.
Whoa There O_o
yes yes
you can make it!!!
Take it from me its like magic
Had a delicious and super social time at #TechSocial! Thanks everyone!
Me and kyara were passing "notes" and she called me dumb bc i said hola senortia smith so on the back i wrote leedle leedly she laghed a ...
SHOUTOUT TO THE FEW FOLLOWERS I GAINED 2DAY! THANKS.:)
Wait, what's a lie lol?
I just got blasted by two Twitter accounts that rolled out about 40 tweets a piece, all in a row. Is that supposed to tweak my interest ?
JUSTIN Time (: Oh yeah baby <3
Thanks for following us. As a man, tell us 4 important things that will make you prefer one Spa to the other
thank you shaq!!!!
Thank you so much. What email address should I send a play to you? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis,
that is simply freakin' awesome colson
I'm really bored in tech Ed but there is a cute substitute so I'm good ;)
Anytime! We are all about safe progression and adaptative programs! Call us for a complimentary session :-)
Wow! love this!
AH were so close to downtown!!!!
I miss my nieces
Thanks 4 all the RT! We appreciate the support. Béllargo Spring Collection coming in April! www.bellargopiarge.com
mT : “: "When teachers are working, students aren't learning." - Dr. Bill Daggett #tlc12”
I agree, but who do you put him on over? Blake?
thanks dude! we've gotta play another show together sometime!
#Reading Saul Cornell's A Well-Regulated Militia: the Founding Fathers & Origins of #GunControl in America. Fun stories about, well, guns.
Van Damme and Dennis Rodman exchanging banter, as awful as it sounds
Going to be at Warner Bros Studios today, working with on his latest music video! Will post a link when the video is finished!
Thanks for the follow Georgie! Onward!
No :-( Im coming to see her
thanks, Love you too ! see you soon ;)
I dont really care
Tks for having me. Wish I could have heard you all, but contact me any time with questions, concerns, complaints ;)
FOUND: Black Lab, male, no collar. If you know someone who lost their lab Saturday in the Renton Highlands/Newcastle area please contact me
Joe went in on Melissa...... LOL
Famous daves. Or the golden corral
haha!! I should have left you a little guide lol. But you know DC, you can show them around :)
jw cus me and at esperanza bonanza she said gud you at home so you can stay yo broke butt at home
It sure would be awesome if Kyle Stanley could bounce back from last week and win this week.
Be proud of your own accomplishments as well -- you have become the NHL's best local-TV play-by-play.
What to #watch now?
A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor.
So, after the devilish trinity of final exams, holiday shopping, and christmas travel, I'm resuming my regular program of #SOPA hate.
I can't wait till this show comes on
I hate dressing up to go out...i just want to wear leggings and my skins tee
Dropped my phone shattered screen!
Sitting in the backyard enjoying the amazing weather! LOVE #workingfromhome :)
first vendor officially booked! yay for ! so excited to work with her and !
RT looking at my thighs , i need to exercise D:
I should've just called him whiskey.
thanks. Just hate when people don't look at the facts. By teh way, are you a Marquette alum?
guys. 10 more days of class. dhfjsdgdhfgdhfd
Do you want successful ones?
love it :D
Zoe u have a great body even better booty I havint seen it in a while haha
i need a new car. i just hate to pay a note.
YANKEES FAN BAR FEST last night was a blast. Thanks everyone for coming out.
I am planning a new blog post. It's been in the works, but put on the back burner for school projects.
Yeah you should. Funny show
r my idols:D
spurs are killn me right now
this computer sucks ass
Learn how to save money online! Learn techniques and tricks to save big online and locally. Wed April 25, 6-7:30 PM, Platteville...
TALK TO ME TALK TO ME TALK TO ME, BAYBEH!
I'm pretending this award was for Cedar Rapids
Austin's coming to Toronto and i live like an hour away from there!!! :D
i was just watching the premier of never say never :') i love you Justin<3
Need recommendations? ;) RT : I vote for happy hour being close to Newark. :) Come on #netDE it's FRIDAY!
I agree with you. Still, it's interesting that researchers want to do this. Driving = independence for many people.
I'm sorry announcer I don't know who Brian meal is you mean Megill?
Great; bring out the voodoo dolls RT : RT : Officials for tonight's #celtics #hawks game are Foster, Malloy and Wall
Haha! Morning, Scott! Will do!
did my favorite married couple end up out and about tonight?
I don't know why it's fun to write and voice teenagers that act and speak like adults. The fun of kids is that they're kids.
#inappropriatefuneralsongs look at me now
true that!
the intention is that the important (and short) stuff will settle in your SM box, the other crap will be in gmail
king mo needs to fight rashad evens.
Timothy Geithner has told President Barack Obama that he will remain on the job as Treasury secretary.
Grand night out with some grand ole pals! Hunter and of course Dirt!
I am so grateful for my awesome mom who made sure my Sunday dinner is done, so delicious! Already digested and time to go to step 2.
Turco called for tripping. #Isles to PP. Penalty served by Shawn Thornton.
My day is made I get to go see my niece Stella tomorrow :D
nice job everybody for being out in Colorado, and at Johnny's, members club, and other places to watch. I went to members club, great time
Now has a limited edition #SupportBlackBusinesses T-shirt. goes hard for the home team! xoxo #twitpic!!
haha :) how are you? is your name pishoo? whats your concentration with AH?
Tahah, how have you been?
You tell me that I'm special to you, that I'm like a brother. But once I turn my back you tell them that I'm nothing.
Just kidding. You know I love you.
ill be workin at Cream again tonight 21+ for v.i.p bottle service & live dj ;) come in and holla at me :)
Azteca with Kevin and Emily!
yeah, risk is a bit much. I didn't have much luck getting mindy to play.
Services Slowdown in US Signals Economy Is Cooling - BusinessWeek
Done with that bullshit, thanks for letting me know!.......
": WE EXIST!!! #WAREHOUSE13, Season 4, to premiere Monday, July 23rd!/ YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME!! WELCOME BACK!
"Comedy is much more difficult than tragedy-and a much better training, I think. It's much easier to make people cry than to make them...
should have stayed in Austin.
Are you using Papers alongside EndNote or as a replacement? I keep trying it out but I can never fit it into my workflow very well
Newark Travail - We are delighted to announce our Temp of the month Jan 2012 is Elaine Gray
boyha » Blog Archive » Downloads Unofficial Sailor Moon Episode ...
nah never that but I see how it be like
My doggy just farted. He smells like ;)
Follow my music page music coming soon.
Rachel "Brendon your safe this week" Brendon "Thank you FINANCEE thats so revolting
what do you think? I'm not keen. I prefer old fashioned tops with collars. Not v necks.
Why'd you hang up on me? "Because I think you're cute and I get shy lol" haha excuses!
Serena hits 40 in style Serena Williams thrashed Lucie Safarova in Charleston to join an exclusive club by claiming the 40th WTA title of
what kind!? BBQ are my fav.
no you just don't know anything??
Man! I would spill the rest of my yummy iced latte! Time for webinar on Facebook marketing with
Jared Sullinger is jealous of the hands Jones displayed on the pass.
RT : Sometimes I'm clueless and I'm clumsy, but I've got friends that love me, and they know where I stand. -Jessica Andrews
But let me guess, the economic crises is the fault of the poor, not the capitalist asses who got bailed out, not the wars.
Family...Happy Valentine's Day. Love Keith
Jealous!! RT : Adele!! I kissed her. On both cheeks. Just sayin'.
thanks Stevie!
Woaw you are more beautiful with your brace free :D *__*
Life long Cowboys fan, excited to hear you speak in L.A. tonight. Hoping to get a pic!
Hi lori! Tues-Sun are best days to come, shops & Cafe are closed on Mondays. Wine tasting daily. Fridays are farmers mkt 9-12
Miami gon win this 1st game...
#uknoyoughettowhen u use dish soap for bubble bath lmao yo I kno u remember that shit when we were lil brah
After driving over an hour, made it to cowboys.
Re: retaining talent in #ElPaso: we need federal leadership that will provide opportunities in our community and for our young people.
change of plan- going to KM level 1 tomorrow morning at 10:00. Might see you in passing. If not, have a good New Year!
Am I out of coffee? RT : What’s an important question to consider before writing a single word of copy?
I love when I get followers from Japan & Russia etc. I just wish I knew what they were saying
Oka so I got ready a lil too early x nw I gotta sit for ten mins b4 I leave
#WhatIf I can't go to Canada :(
If you did better,imma be really angry.
Yo, anyone of you guys love music AND have money?!?!? I'm not talking a few bucks..
Was it your plan to remove (in my opinion "steal") files off of our computers or was it just an accident?
Halftime, Scott County gets some breathing room thanks to a fumble, 28-7.
Silveira talks about partnerships to increase vocational focus and expand opportunities for kids who are interested.
Add me on xbox :P
Tweeting in both English & French - I'm impressed!
Got some more followers today #ImTrendingNow :)
grrrrrr!!!! I tried... But was NOT successful. I will purchase a week before for a million bucks, I'm sure. Stevie Wonder!!! eek
Erday #wake up bumpin on my #iPod get it on
This year is going to be bananas... No more old me!!!
When it comes to u I bite my tongue to much so u think u doing sum and u ain't shit
they don't need him anyway.
No Gym Flow tweets today I see..
my hair is so short, oh mi god.
TDWP isnt. Sad i know:( RT : please jesus let the devil wears prada & a day to remember be on warped tour. PLEASE.
Thanks so much! I am super excited to serve the staff, students, parents, and community of
": Know Yourself. Understand Yourself. Correct Yourself"
that's a big improvement
Austin, duh! Looking at fall. :)
Yeah I know me to i hate favoriting everything
#ifTheyShutDownTwitter I'm still not getting on wack ass Facebook
Are we seriously still arguing about Marriage Equality!? Fuck.
I can't figure out why my canvas is tilted in edit mode. Any ideas?
everything except water! Then you also have those negative calorie foods!
it couldn't possibly be as good as your accounting of it. It just couldn't.
I'm saying he want there with Shaq and se of those other players you named. You mixed the 2008 and 2011 teams together
Ah yes! Look on the bright side. More work = More $ = more fun you can have. Think of the fun things!
Thanks! I'm bummed that I was here for SXSW, but didn't get to do any of the film festival or sessions :-(
Chuck liddell was one of the greatest.
I LOVE TO LOVE I HATE TO HATE, BUT SOMETIMES I JUST HAVE TO DO BOTH
I can get in and out of DCA quick even when I'm driving. BWI isn't bad but I live in VA.
F- Your Corner.. I'll Buy The Block.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! W
I don't want to go to school today.
Spending time with my lovely mother.<3:)
hahaha i love sending you pics! Especially embarassing ones of angel ;)
I can imagine!!!! LOL
my sincere advice to people hiring web designers. Please stop insisting on features that you don't have quality content to support.
Thanks for a great day at the races!
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- Indiana Senate passed right-to-work leg., they would be the Rust Belt's first to enact the contentious labor law.
Oh, we're making it! We've got guys in a lab perfecting it even now. It would be perfect for your Amphib ops
im so drunk on love....^__^ <3 #bumping (d^__^b)
I LOVE your new song Pray,it is amazing,n its insipirational,btw i love ur british accent ;) cant wait for ur next song:)
Bought my first tickets of the year for this Saturday! Baseball season's underway...
I'm thinking if #Baylor played #Cincinnati they could save on electric and play the game w/ the lights off.
In NYC waiting for Hurricane Irene...so far all she's done is manage to shut down all of manhattan and sprinkle a little bit.
but i'm a stay in school -__-
thinking about getting my first tattoo in june...
don't miss this!! “: See you icehouse tavern for my premiere #80plates 1 hour!!!”
Yeah, the game is about fun & some fans enjoy it. I've never allowed it bc it can only serve to anger opponents & their fans.
No game today at Coors! We wait until tomorrow.
I'm on a train with people who look like they just stepped out of 1985.
I almost forgot that tomorrow is Bridgeport Movie Day. Always fun!
#iampaula ur so sweet hearted i love how amazing u are an ur just so inspirational (:
If I leave now, I'd be hurt but not heartbroken.
And RT : Twitter is boring right now. Nobody is up except the media.
LOL! Omg :o I woke up so relieved that it was a dream though haha x")
We are looking for people to interview! Any suggestions of people with great entrepreneurial battle stories will be appreciated!
please do!
Now we're talkin music!
March is such a tease.
Started today with great news. :-)
Happy St. Patty's Day everyone!!!!
you're at U Florida? what's it like?
just installed Rock Band on our iPhones!
I eat 5 meals a day, live in the middle of nowhere... Wait. I'm already a hobbit. :p
Warmer weather prevails over the Philly area this weekend. Get out and do something fun with the whole family!
I know! I don't understand it. It's like they're brainwashed or something.
Cincinnati is fired up and
nice! I did a 13lb brisket last year in my smoker and it was crazy! Laid low this weekend, lots of outdoor time, grilled a bit.
I remixed yo song
HELP,,,,,,,, What shall the URL name of my business page be??
Empowered, happy, grateful. World, I'm ready. Are you ready for me?
In the spirit of Thanksgiving, I'm offering one free mobile website to the first business that wants one!
I feel like taking 2 pieces of bread & making them chomp together & talk. Then, I will put a smiley face on it! mhm, brilliant.
Saints bounty program. Crazy that millionaires were so motivated by thousands. Like your employer paying you nickels to lie and cheat.
count yourself lucky if they're not throwing furniture out the upper windows. Roma!
semi annual attempt to tell you I bought a sweatshirt in hopes of getting a follow
sit back sit back its the pregame show DADDY! you know whats up
damn i took a crazy shit on my frst break i hope the smell go away by lunch
Without Buzz we don't get radio debut of & Give him the reins 1 day a week
Jem...The Misfits were just a little *too* obnoxious.
I'm mobile again!!! Ah~my phone is an appendage to my body~lmfao ;D so yes, this is a bitter sweet Valentines Day<3!!! ;P I luv u xoxoxoxo
Has been said before, but Nothing Tastes As Good As Skinny Feels ... except maybe a doughnut, or a cookie, or ice cream, or pasta, or ...
Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them.Leo Tolstoy
I read the article and I am agree it is a interesting, but the comments are even more interesting.
Kyle O'Quinn! On the eve of St Patrick's day!
Victoria Secret doesn't really have any cute swim suits this year..
I know the feeling. My allergies have been causing me fits. I hope you get well soon.
RE: Vedder's album. Pls tell me why you're disappointed. I was thinking of downloading it.
Water, a good book, and private jet so that I could fly off the deserted island ;)
Okay, okay. I'm downloading one of these new fangled "apps" for my phone.
- Love your style!
i definitely enjoyed it! See you soon
I bet her husband doesn't even want to be here xD
reminded me of the dairy at UMD College Park. So I'm guessing that's my answer. About 5-7 miles.
I am guessing either Braun or......Fielder. I guess maybe a Grienke extension.
Bumpin Gin & Juice s/o to the great Cali fool!!!!!
Unfortunately (of course) I start way too late on dinner and will be totally late for our guest
AGREED. they have (had?) a sour cherry stout that was fantasic
well then I trade for a phonex. Your griffin and phonex, now I will order them from the back of the comic book
The fact you're not going to Randalls on Exposition is a travesty.
My man
The Weiner's Circle makes my years of waiting tables finally feel justified.
Thank you so much for the #ff!
-______- cause it is u loser!!
I Think I just got hired.
eq is trying to get at Sahara, trade with Arabia, Niger river, wealth and travel generated by gold, fighting over resources
i guess i just see it as a pointless holiday
Your twitter log is on time. My wife is dealing with Thyroid issues. We going to see a surgeon today. Did you know?
I would if we talked handsome!
You think this just to keep as the 8th inning guy?
Liquor store open?
Im getting a drug test done for the first time...i ate a poppyseed bagel yesterday. I hope they dont thing I use drugs!!!
I know!! I love it!! It gonna be on replay all day long!
I'm bout to stay home.
HAPPY BDAY DR. SUESS! “Think left & think right & think low & think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!” -- Dr. Suess
I keep doing it like its ever gonna change....
If there's anyone who follows me that doesn't have a g+ invite yet DM me and I can invite you.
Dear #NorthCarolina - I'm sorry you could not see past your own closed mind - Better luck next time. Nice Christian-like love for all -
It's that time of the month... That's right .. It's the Saxet Gun Show! Sat & Sun only at the .
i find it amusing how the 3 comments on my 'miley will be loved' video so far talk about miam splitting up and how they're sad. xD
Tom Plantenberg is thanking Phil Vollrath for all the strong and effective public relations by Vollrath Associates, Inc.
New Zion Trio will be featured as the Humble Helping - Sunday Feb 5 from 9-10p on Nightshade @ 98.1FM - wkze.com and WKZE 98.1 FM. FORWARD!!
Thanks for the many mentions Eva, nice to know you enjoyed the presentation. Much appreciated!
I thank god for hotels like the North Hill Renaissance that have real hot water...not that yucky luke warm mess.
Way too baked in struggle hall
sure have
Im soo hungry! :/
When I've been a-walkin' down that road, And I cannot feel the wind between my toes Blowin' oh so soft... It's Just Love <333
4 hours til I get to go to the burg!! Time is going too slow!
Hey! I know a group of kinky trannies who are also huge fans of the A-Team. U SHOULD ALL BE FRIENDS & HAVE RERUN PARTIES! pu
The reality is that social media is not the solution, it's how you think about it says
The most essential factor is persistence - the determination never to allow your energy or enthusiasm to be dampened by the discouragement t
Do you just have a link for it? Not showing up...
I'm becoming addicted to these protein chocolate milks..super inexpensive, 20 g of protein and they taste awesome.
RT : ah! An actress's life!
Finally, found a young rooster. The hens are being nasty to him, when he dances to impress, but when he crows, they whisper to each other.
My mom makes me so nervous when she texts and drives.
"Ram 'em Rams" - John Marshall HS
Missing out now on BOTH top guys, does KY even have a starting 5??
I hear that lol
happy friday everyone! i'll be adding more photos to the shop today, i'll be keeping you posted throughout the day! <3
9 runs, 3 innings...lets get it.
hey!! yes...love discovering paranormal anything--have you gotten spam-mess. from us--don't click, not sending links-K?
have fun Dan! Look for Amanda Benzine (frmr Wisco staffer now with WAC) she is volunteering at Womens Final Four.
Lately there have been hints dropped that I have not been producing enough baked goods. You all are spoiled. But the goods are coming soon.
For-profit libs: if you have access to LISTA on EBSCO there's a great article "Copyright and For-Profit Colleges" you should look up.
#Huguely guilty of 2nd degree murder.
What can we do
its hot
Just Because a celebrity dates someone does not give the fan the right to Go tell that person To die. People these days. Shees!
Guess i'm gonna eat my pizza lunchable now
“: One hell of a hockey game.” this
If you count every single tattoo individually instead of it being like a package deal thing then I have 11 tattoos.
- All Bad . & If Youu Look At My Cover Photos On Fbook , & Youu Goo Thru Them , You'll See Hem . Its the Black & White one .
#Dodgers have the day off tomorrow, then open up at home against the #pirates on Tuesday at 1:05 PM
HP unveils HP 3PAR program guaranteed to double performance in VMware environments - CTR
Which album? Luv the + RT : The Bad Plus, "1979"
FIRST FOOTBALL GAME SO EXCITED
Absolutely stunned hearing the news that Mariano Rivera tore his ACL. Of all the great Yankees, no one was more dominant than he.
Gotta run for now. Have a great Monday Twitterverse.
good morning !! Have a great day!
delete my old account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey Thank you
RT : They're totally misunderstood...they're lil' sweethearts:-)!!! /Sweethearts that give me the chills...and NOT in a good way!
How is Bobby Massie still available? Did I miss something breaking on that?
": I hate it when I am singing a song and the artist gets the lyrics wrong."
I think it's chapstick....
I'm making it a goal this summer to have as much fun as I can!!!!
yup. The one & only time the Spurs didnt show up to play vs the Lakers...I jinxed em! lol was the last time we lost a game, too
Can I please just meet an intelligent type of gut, lol
pacers? Hm
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn<U+FFFD>t work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness
I've always wanted to know what my dogs dream about
Hey guys, it's that time, MIP is happening now. GO request your fav, song! We all know what that is.....
What's a HOYA anyways???
I've been in Chicago for about an hour and 10 min on a rooftop deck looking at the city makes me wanna kick myself in the taint for moving
“: “: =/ It's your turn to 1up me and #kylecartwrightsroommate” 's turn???”
Turn your radios onto to right now to hear one of our favourite sets from Splendour In The Grass by the
Damn people, stop hating on Lisa. -.- With that attitude,
Mutltitasking Hurts Performance, Makes You Feel Better
N e one wanna hmu!.
Jon Herington rocked today. Check out his new album
Taking action is so much more satisfying than whining. I knew this; we all know this. Sometimes I forget for a while.
Good Morning!!!
Destiny is when you find something you were never looking for and then realize that you never wanted anything else.
"Digital curation is the Wild West" for archiving
Who will be the first to register ? cc:
Feelin it in my chest
My sister:I like ur socks sky : my what Me: ur socks Sky:my cocks*looks at me with a oops face 0_0* we all busted out laughing
it's fate. There's no way y'all can leave each other. Ever.
": Every body follow she funny asa, mf nd she gotta shit !!" Lmfao She a Lie She Do.
“: the next Kathryn Tappen.haba” I like the sound of that!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Bears take S Carolina WR Alshon Jeffery
I'm watching what is watching.
Patient education!! RT : T4: EDUCATION! So everyone (including executives, vendors) have same view. Agree w/
It's me, Mario !
Top Rated Hotel in North ABQ. Feat. Free: Hot & Hearty Breakfast, WiFi, Access to , Shuttle to
They all think alike
My body just wants to shut down and go to sleep. I hope that this fever goes away fast!
yeah guys! You really had a great time :D <3
Reading through some of my old Livejournal entries and laughing at the awkwardness of it all.
I tell you these females are so thirsty for my man It's ridiculous.
you guys she is dying and we can't get her a TT you know how sad that is #Pray4kenzieJ do it now please for her!
We hoopin tonight. So, if you wanna lose your lunch money or you and your girl rent money come out.
I'm assuming UT isn't a close 2nd in both categories?
frontrow sports in Vegas We just happened to be there when they were opening their daily shipment the guy was shocked they got any
Authors: Doug Dillon, Jerry Teske, John Tippey, & Michael Scotto will be in the Exhibit hall this morning!
In other news, wine glasses are washed and kitchen is fairly put away...minus some presents!
I want to see Divergent as better than just a Hunger Games rip off, but I can't. Congrats to the author on cashing in now though.
NOT a "Jungle Insider". Rome is good, but others ( and ) are better and I wouldn't pay extra for them.
Good morning, Carina! It's good to see you.
Hasn't - slept the whole way back. Sominex works wonders - I pass out for 7 hours after taking 2. Works better than Tylenol PM
GOD IS FACT, NOT EMOTION
Jalen called , luckily i was woke lol.. He called soon as i woke up
ima get a dog and name him luchiano
Happy Birthday, Mockingjay
Ever wonder what exactly it is that you use foam for? Or what you use to make it custom? Come on in and ask us!
This guy on the radio is arguing about how OJ didn't do it and even wrote about about it. Alright how much did OJ pay you to say that one ?
I know! TMI.
VEE, Please do me a favor and write a Twitlonger to my father about why I should go to the Phoenix show!!!
lmao im not even dat tall
Nope....not talking about the one's who are not already in church! THEY shouldn't be taking "BABY" steps!
So its been 2 days without twitter, where have i been? I got a fb 2 days ago.. yeah that's why i haven't been on here.
city slicking at its finest. xoxoxo
RT : Right and wrong. Don't need a Bible or a code of ethics to figure out some things. We all have defining moments. Seize them.
Change or Die - Post people can't change - Health - Life - Money - Love - If we don't grow - We r dieing slow
ask jesus!
I thought that loved fat chicks and middle eastern/north african deceased leaders
THEY KILLED A TEDDY BEAR!! They're murderers!
That was the first person I have ever blocked from instagram. But I will not deal with people trying to start shit on there.
thanks:) we'll see you in a little bit!!!
It's funny how the person you love is sometimes not there for you. But the one you Unexpected is there for you.
My new icon is credits to !
Great idea! RT : Yep-- It's Two for Tuesday at Color Me Mine! Paint with a friend for the price of one person!...
Oh you, my friend, are DEFINITELY a rock star!
Just got thru w/ my last bit of homework for the night smh.... feels like I been doin hw all day.!
play here in Toledo tonight at Frankies! Whose ready to mosh?
#WPS : Women's Professional Soccer has suspended all operations permanently & ending the league. This is a sad day in American Soccer
:O YOUR MATT IS *STILL* BETTER THAN ME MATT?!?! :(
So, I'm in Indianapolis. Anyone live here?
LOVE the / operators.... oh & the chow does me right every time....MOST ELITE interior of a truck BY FAR
Dan Wilson says much, but says very little.
thank u!!!
Start with B, than 2 O's & finally K ;)
No, but we were talking about the channels we use (on demand) vs. ones we don't (everything else).
"Leaders encourage others to continue the quest and inspire others through courage and hope. Leaders give heart by visibly recognizing...
oh dear. I fear this weekend might be dangerous.
2 more wks of class then Finals. The end is near, I'm starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel. Freedom is close, but still so far
Just left Canada.. happy I got to see my friends n family.. now I'm on my way back to the A..!
Definitely just trekked through an ankle deep puddle in my favorite flats. Don't text and walk, people.
If you're always looking for the next thing to make you happy with your career, you'll never be happy with it.
The arsonist had oddly shaped feet.
Hey J! Great to hear from you man. U keep singing that Good News brotha!
Mother always makes me late!
we're honored and humbled by your follow. Hope you r well!
"I don't want to start studying, let's go to taco bell and get quesadillas and mountain dew for motivation!"
Sorry to those forced to listen to my cold-raspy voice this AM but we got through it. Home & back to bed soon! Happy Weekend.
where's Rufus in Tyler ....good bar
HCP's pay closer attention to passionate groups... rarely to passionate individuals
that had to have been the funniest shit of the entire break.
I'm looking for a NEW AGENT ! I'm a comedian/actor/musician . If your interested leave me a message ! Check out my page !
Bunkering down with my folks. Puts things into perspective when you pack up your life into 5 bags & think, is that enough to live on?
Weird lightening in a clear sky.
So T.O. goes on Dr. Phil to try & change his public opinion but he's looking like a pathetic dead beat & is only making it worse...SMH
listening to #Cradle of Filth -
Would you like to hear about an app that improves meetings, save time, and adds effectiveness?
I learned to hold my own And sing the skys the limit, take a hundred dollar bill and make a paper plane. And try to make a name
: by 2014 more than 1/3 of US Internet users will have tablets,retailers need 2 focus on #mobile shopping exp....
My mouth is burning from Points East Pub's famous hot wings! 50 cents each with blue cheese. One of the best things about Milwaukee. Yum!
Time waits on no man. So why should I? I'm just saying. I don't have to wait.
Good Morning Miami! #TomorrowIsFriday Any awesome weekend plans??
Only in less public forums. :)
you serious?? That skank is preggo?? Damn, the world is messed up!!
My Prayer for 2012: Fair US Sentencing Reform, An End to the Inequities Would appreciate comments on this; thanks
hey I'm as big a fan of the packers as anyone but Thompsons "draft first" mentality is going to kill us
Love the blog btw. One of my go-to places.
Reason to get an iPhone: Instagram.
were starting to look scared out there...
I luv this mob life!
except for #thesis work that is
I am in the process of making another bracelet with a pattern I made up :)
Closing Arguments Expected In NYPD's Sean Bell Shooting Trial
okay it's silicone though
Sorry to hear that. Sounds like she's a trooper though.
thank you!
"Natural #talent matters, of course, but not as much as practice and preparation...Jane McGonigal...
Starting next week, look out for deals and discounts for our social media friends and followers. You can't say we don't love our customers!
Good night with my favorites ((:
Thanks for the FF! Hope you had a great weekend.
Entire Store buy 1 get 1 half off and buy 2 get 1 free
When we get a dog and bring him home we are basically playing God in his life
OK with something dark? Or prefer pilsner/lager/ale? Also, do you want it to taste like "beer" or something a little different?
I haven't got it yet (weird). But if you guys need a place to hang you're more than welcome
There's a Simpsons episode they did about that, I believe.
#BeezInTheTrap is on the radio haha ;)
May take up smoking again, since I'm living a life of bad ideas.
How are you?
The pursuit of happiness and the pursuit of pleasure are really just the same thing.
RT : Sun is shining, the rain has retreat.. makes u move ur dancing feet.. bring ur ass
That was the worst scooby doo episode i've ever seen, period.
#ARMORYweek! Jimmy Shack is a contemporary artist working in Brooklyn, New York that will be featured!
hey HAITIAN:)
If anyone has need of gunny sacks, let me know. I strangely find myself overrun with them.
Wow! That was fast! Thank you very much. I really appreciate it.
thanks! Still officially waiting on the child!
Google+ makeover is much more than a pretty face
perhaps not the best day to start with CloudFoundry
My Family and are #OeInAMilion that's why I love them!!
what big move will happen in summer? The big move could start it now!! I think we gotta find second star ppl want to play with
“Everyone has talent. What's rare is the courage to follow it to the dark places where it leads.” Erica Jong
I hate following people's "quoting accounts" and all they do is make fake celeb account to help other desperate quoting accounts t(-__-)
Hey! my IM5 front row seat buddy! How you doing!? lol :D <3
MARGARET SPELLING.
Just overheard someone talking about Pat catans.. They need to get one down here! I'm in the mood for some arts and crafts
The Steeler's D just let up an 80 yard TD drive and the Colts have one of the Hanson brothers at QB.
I was busy #work nigga. Lol
Hey Break the backboard!! Can't wait to #SeePGfly!!!
RT - These women are talking about Cam Newton playing for Jacksonville Jaguars. This is why I only get my nails done f...
it also makes me sad that i can't retweet myself.
Gregor Middell describes the way differing TEI makes collation more difficult and how #interedition solved the problem.
This day needa to go by faster!
Power outage is causing traffic backups in South Bay. South Bay Expressway is flowing smoothly. Pay w/ FasTrak, credit card or cash
I'm still at Benihana for their chairty event. I'm trying, but there's no promises.
So excited about starting as an ASM on Monday. Currently reading in preparation.
alright lets go eat then :) lol
girl let me get home first haha
I just watched and basically it was the best thing that ever happened to me.
Thanks! I'll tell Alaina you said she did a great job Sunday.
Hope it rocked! Thanks for saying hi! RT : Tasting at San diego magazine's best of north county party
Nice visit to Redfern Gallery in Laguna Beach yesterday - some lovely CA plein air paintings on view. Highly recommend a field trip South!
I suppose girls only huh? Haha
LOVE that mentioned LEGO programs. That's #libmade stuff, right?
Hanging out with feminist leaders is pretty damn inspiring. and Emily from , so happy I got to hang out w/ you today.
I don't think my name was actually ever attached to any alerts while I was there.
Happy Easter! Hope everyone enjoys time w/ their families or at least with great friends! And food! =) ..xo.
If you good take a vacation free of charge to any place in the world where would it be?
i hope they come in todayy lol
You ruined that for me. Lmao! RT : Yu know girls tell yu they got that fat cat bahahha
: hi honey doing as best I can . Going TO drop in to Dr today or so I say now . Up most of the night
lovin the show - love the time period - love the guests - but of course the best part is YOU, just you being you!!!
lol u were mad funny with Zack though
Lord, Im not sure where im going right now, Im not sure if im making the right choices but I know that with your help ill get through.
I know we're not your first source for news, but Ryan Braun Vindicated! Suspension overturned!!
WTF why am I so bored! #AtL sucks
Beautiful Sunday morning. Took the dogs for a walk and listened to my dude Dude gave me my first break in radio. Much love.
I need to make another cup soon! :)
IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK <U+2665>
: 95% of time you listen and try to make good, you will get a positive response
your staying in the same hotel!!???
“: a pink flamingo just flew over my yard” pic??
I just #aggressivelywaved someone in a black explorer. Needless to say, it wasn't you
Free anchovies at Los Angeles Marina today
Your coffee house draft is due tomorrow. Impress me and get points for your family!
anyone wanting to chat? i"m bored as hell.
thanks for the great write up about MCA
Hi Nick! RT : ificiation works for most things! Lets try Mimification! See. Told ya!
hi thx for following me, I follow you back.
Tell me a number and you know it I'll tell you which IB you look best with !(:
“: ” Finally, someone gets us.
If people taking a car around multiple left hand turns is a sport, then yes, cheerleading is a sport.
I wonder how many times a candidate needs to topspin a fact before it morphs into a lie, and he starts believing it is the truth?
Playing with John Randall tonight at MBar! Great band and John is fantastic. 8pm, Fountain and Vine.
My wife needs to get home already !
I love both places. I like Chops in Atlanta and of course Gibson's in Chicago. Unfortunately no current plans.
I DONT KNOW YOU BUT IM FEELING FRISKY THIS EVENING SO I THOUGHT ID SAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY, HOPE ITS FULL OF MAGIC:):):):):)
Thanks, Nancy! Bret
Day off but up at 6 am with crazy, creative ideas for weekend projects. Is this caffeine or creativity? Can't tell but mind is buzzing!
#Evanovich, Finger Lickin Fifteen; Sizzling Sixteen. Bounty hunter Stephanie Plum motors on, but I'm done with these for a good long time.
Oh I know, something like 300 of them. That's why they're so damn collectible! And crazy expensive
in general = good stuff
My brother's dog once humped my cat...the result is further proof that Catdog is fiction. Dont believe the lies coming out of Nickelodeon
Happy Birthday bro! Stay True! sXe till we die!
Shavua tov Twitterworld. What a gorgeous Saturday in Atlanta, and a very delicous #Shabbos too.
Listen in to the Morning Edge tomorrow at 8am to hear Joey and Stevo talk up Rock This Restaraunt and the new season!! 104.1FM in the ABQ!
The have a great deal of outreach to do with the local community for us to support them like we do the
Pom and citrus...friend has done mandarin orange.
So my purchase of S2 won't bring it back from cancellation? But that's all I want for Christmas..
You messed up , oh well
so jealous!!;)
Ah, try to hurry.
#FF amazing people!
any medical supplies store or your local CVS pharmacy
How about a new Cash Game report?
Go #Orioles - looking good so far
that's an excellent metaphor ya got goin on there...*yoink* (stolen for later usage)
FREAKING OUT...
Hm wonder if my pools warm. Would anyone care to swim
Take a look at what u have. Think of all u did to get it. Remember it only takes one second to lose."
What would you, , do for a Klondike bar?
Mines is better cus i'm talking to you bby (; but yeah so far i'm good lol (:
We're getting ready for our relaunch -- Stay tuned!
Mexico?? wtf they gone do there hmm we gonee see
She trying to play me but she doesn't know I got nothing but time
what the hell are you playing?
Oh yeah??
I am the
and is really snarky, and goes undercover, has to dress in "normal" clothes and suddenly everyone thinks she's hot
I know u see all the girls with the blue lipstick on... Come meet the beautiful lady who brought it to u of KAOIR cosmetics.
HAHA can't believe that was 10 Years ago!
Who was She-Ra today? Yep, that's me, sawing branches down by hand!
A: Bases are dark, generators are loud, doors don't lock on bases. Not a good situation
/ Neither. I prefer Seesmic, as it lets me update other networks via same app. BTW the Twitter iPad app lets you switch...
I just remembered, I have homework. fml.
Aside from Pandora's stellar performance as a net radio service, the anti-Obama ads suck ass. I don't care abt your politics. GIVE ME MUSIC!
tomorrows gonna be sad..
Thank you for following, I will check out your site!
Thank you so much! is beyond fantastic.
"my ex girlfriend had this thing that rolled open..."
Nrps and donna jean.
is back for another #FinalTransmission at Featuring audience guest star Eliza Stoughton.
Tell your husband, to name your 3rd child after me, regardless of sex!
Why do some of your best ideas come while you're on the toilet?
on my way! Woo back to a dripping shower and Harry potter appliances/fishies!
Aw Mos Def! I'll be damned to be paying that much money. lol
Thanks for following back. Love your music <3<3<3
Who's Hungry? Bring the family and enjoy an Easter BBQ :)
Haha!RT you know me too well! My other got burned along with some Giants flag
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE REAL MOTHERS!!!! Be blessed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
What is the one behavior or trait that you have seen derail more leaders’ careers?
Yup! For real :) Can you make it tonight?
Trying to keep up with U!
I'm sorry, there are NO rules with wine. Drink what you like with what you like!
...a free ticket will be sent to the USO of Missouri as a result (1000 free tickets are available).
Likewise! Great to catch up again.
come to my blog to learn tips and tricks on how to update your car's interior! www.shadowglacier.blogspot.com
because yolo. :D
spelling errors
Oh my Shins and RHCP!
I've definitely seen at least three "B A L L S"
how long does an order usually take after you get the "started manufacturing" email?
i have natural beauty...... cant buy that..not bragging just saying :/
good question seth lolz
depends on the situation. Some things can b handled behind close doors then presented publicly
Jordan's down call me.
Nice job CC....let's get this offense goin boys!!!!!!
One of my favorite fucks is coming back to town next week from college for summer break.
You rock. Thanks for the RT.
Buster app?
We ask employees to track all volunteer hours, done on personal time and done on company time.
To Kinect or not to Kinect? I want to dance though...
How do you think others experience you?
I hope you find what you're looking for.
The pool is rockin'! We are going in to the night with our Full Moon Night Time Swim Party featuring DJ Sydney Blu! Get ready to party Sc...
good ace
omg I know! U should make him a little Edward or Jacob lol!
#TW5OnBILLBOARD I'm so happy for you guys!! You really deserve it! Can you follow me?
YEAH I think me and Famig will come after our RADAR at The Strand!
you haven't heard? bananas before the summer solstice can make you dead quick!
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to Gossip Girl
This weekend is my time to find a new place to live. I'm looking for an affordable room in ColHi / Mt P. Any last minute suggestions?
Completely spaced the most obvious angle of the day...
The guy should never be allowed to own tires again!
Never too late.
Wow this flight is a trip..hope I make it home.
made it home safe, mami - thank you to you and h for the ride! amazing time. so happy to have spent it with you (in a sports bar?)
Now that the Badgers won, it's back to bed for this sick puppy. Getting sick this week is cruel and unusual punishment.
give me a couple hours
first email I've ever gotten from my nephew, in its entirety: "Jasper ran away . Eric found him. And I have the allergies." love him!
So thankful right now that knows where terminal two is!
Evans will not support the motion. He thinks they should talk about it more first.
the amount of powderin your privates tweets on my tl today is alarmin..... funny but alarmin
Is CLOSED due to inclement weather. Contact 7193256234 if you have any questions
You sound amazing right now! I love you!! (: <3
#FSEDM <= Save this search for #EDM of all styles!!!
Tomorrow is the last day for photo submissions! If you or someone you know needs a serious spice cabinet face lift, enter now:...
Going to bed after a long long day.
& this is the point when my body starts to feel numb
I thought I was!! XOXO
laughing at your own singing <<< hahaaa.
I'm kinda extremely jealous of Alyssa
I'm chillin.. Still in jersey
harry potter was awsume!!! now ive seen and read all the books! my life is complete! :DD <33
Patriots all RT :
I'm glad to hear that I'm not the only one! It's been on my mind the past few days, while looking at people's work.
Today, my gift back to my Creator is Smiling al day long....
And she can go fuck herself.
end of 5
It was really fun! I love my grandparents! There's seriously not a time when I don't laugh when I'm around them! :]
I have to stay focus... It's still a lot to lose and even more to achieve.
lets go.
Timeless advice: Don't whiz on the electric fence.
Living in an information bubble - manipulated or misrepresented- is limiting and downright dangerous!
s/o to for being my 300th follower o:)
LOL!... that's what they all say about the current one... LOL!
Clothes and kicks or homes and whips. Think big. Grind humbly.
yeah! Haha! :D I'm gonna get off here. Text me.
Jesus already healed all of us from everything, I will pray for ur nana that she RECEIVES that healing :)
Harper's first MLB HR gets a curtain call. you get the trot time? Seemed fast.
thank u family see you later
Early bird get the worm. I'm up way before ya
How cool is the #NYFW coverage by with , and sharing their thoughts. Loves!
that's the best trending topic i've seen in a long time hahaha i love this fandom
Well deserved! #IUFB “: IU linebacker Jeff Thomas has an invite the Buffalo Bills' rookie mini-camp beginning May 11.”
lol!! :) hello!! Hurry up and be May already! :-p
At the Seminar on Innovative Teaching featuring and Watch the live stream here: bit.ly/pD2XIG
Boo. Only 1-3 for sports tonight. Chicago fail x2. Brewers win.
Aw, thanks for the vote of confidence We'll see what happens!
I'm graduating high school in a few days. Thought I would be happy, but it seriously sucks. In to the real world now...
“The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them to the impossible.” — Arthur C. Clarke
Oh! Congratulations!
#What2ChainzWouldSay she feed me pussy, called it free lunch(tellem) red diamonds on the chainz look like hawaiian punch (truuu)
did you get it? Lots of gas stations, lowed, etc
thank you for the words of wisdom mr. shelton RT : : Well shit in 1 hand and wish in the other.
mine just started working again
memphis killin the clippers right now..
yes, it gives you a distraction from a tough conversation.
As they said, points in the paint make the diffrence with the Nuggets. They need to run with that the next game or its over.
Players are back from break, blinds are now 400/800 with a 100 ante
ok, need your three craziest Fantasy Football team name suggestions. clean please. []
for real dude I bought a taser to keep his ass in check
I don't know what day it is...ohh spring break
Now watch me change up on yall hoes !
*Free services only with permission to use photos in our portfolio.
cool.. Wld love to hook up when your free up. I actually work down in Whitfield hall :)
Normal is nothing more than a cycle on a washing machine. -Whoopi Goldberg (via )
Getting ready this week to go to Nashville!!! Can't wait for Friday!! Ah!!!!
Morning tweeps, everyone enjoy the day weather is pretty decent today
I added google talk to my phone so we can gchat during the day
GAME TIME! Let's go dawgs!
"The pleasure is all on this side of the table." (From a great movie)
There ya go! Just need 2 more like that! #rockies v
I <3 NEXT2U i think it might be so good if u record look at me now with JB Bcause live performance was fantastic
One week here -- but I think I have three weeks worth of grading to complete in that time!
idk I'm just not a good dancer. I have like no rhythm at all! & no I had no problem getting in. I dont think they really care.
what's your mail thing I want to send fan mail to you<33
My new favorite twitterer The real scoop on squaw - not to be missed. Ski season is now on baby!
Ha! When eyes have given out from writing, reading, I enjoy light internet searching for animal/other stuff of interest to me
#DailyRebellion: Say something encouraging/supportive/inspiring to another woman, even if it's by email.
Wiley uses test performance, time spent & content covered to give student's reports as a way to tell them what to focus on
would you do the same with me ? Even though you Should
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at CMP!
Dentist showing up late for my root canal then telling me he's also a proctologist and didn't have time to wash his hands
NO! You put it in front of me & I'll eat the entire box/container. No self control whatsoever.
it's beautiful :) well, it's the second most beautiful thing I've seen. ;)
One week until #WakoGB! My return to -75kg is on track, 1 kg togo! Time to tear a hole the size of a south paw in Uk martial arts scene!
I'm sure but I just can't see myself with my legs all cocked in the air... Lol
Entrepreneur - comedian - travel expert dog lover
Totally dropped your name and got a free muffin out of the deal.
Which Fresh Prince of Bel Air chick was hotter: Older Ashley or anytime Hilary?
playing..... now
You gotta try Monster Rehab if you haven't yet, it is great!!
That looks great!
Girl: ...on the stage.
Charles Robert Darwin~ If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature but by our institutions great is our sin.
wondering if a AAS in CIS/Programming would do me any good or should i just get a bachelor's instead
watching behind the music
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled ham & swiss on rye with dijonaisse and a cup of soup.....$6.95 *Chili is 50 cents extra
it is time for change and unification lets change the world! follow us if you think its time to manifest a world of harmony!
I didn't feel well this morning
i'm freezing lol
Off to San Francisco for the weekend
Thanks for the tweet - great minds think alike, I'm in the middle writing you an email right now! :)
not at all scary,... Very open and honest:)
I love the set design for #LisaMarieOnIdol I'm not a fan of the song, but it's cool for what it is.
Kim Jong II is dead finally one less ignorant dictator is dead. Hope the North Korean can be happy a free.
I cant wait until you hate me...
Hi! We'll resume rehearsals on July 21! (One week from 2day!) Pls come! DM us w/ ur email addy if u want directions!
Well shit... Olbermann fired and I didn't win the f-ing money. Bad shit happens in 3's he says looking back.
Yes. TOK Show. If u ever want to go, let me know. :-)
OMG I LOVE IT!!!! <3 best birthday present ever :D k see ya tomorrow :)
With and Anthony :)
Congrats on making the dance team Addy!
Pythagoreanism, the religious sect that followed Pythagoras.
Both is definitely my preferred solution.
Thanks Big Sis!
Hi Karen, nice to meet you! Actually, I do have some data & a couple of general observations from a series of FB ads we recently ran.
WTF....I don't care if you want to blast friggin Sammy Haggar but for fucks sake, NEVER, EVER mess with my food/meal.
U R a big lair
Your beautiful...
Yeah. we're not supposed to wear ripped jean but we still wear them. But we just need to be careful lmao
Have you tried our Fasolakia yet? Green beans simmered in a tomato, onion and herb sauce...awesome.
Moves like Jagger awesome song :)
Fan Favorite Award goes to Daniel Orton.
Occupy Wall Street: flash in the pan or beginning of a movement?
the #BRADLEY university vice president kicked us off the quad moments ago. The pursuit of knowledge was denied today.
Well shoot ...
you will definitely know once your on the team :)
Fans, find Wooly right now in the arena, and say the word 'lasso'. Win a COOL prize. Good luck!
Hoping you reconsider veto. You're the 1st politician I've respected in years, until today. Have any gay friends or family?
Hey ! You excited about tomorrows Jazz lunch in the circle?!?
As a Pastor, I fight for the right to practice one's faith without government interference.
Awesome! Spread the word! RT : Thanks for turning me on to for scheduling. I'm not doodling anymore
for sure.. ill shoot you a check
ready and willing.
Gray today here in SF but I have a May date set for U-Pick strawberries -- woo hoo :
RT : "When you're on social media ... It's SOCIAL media, not DICTATOR media." - Mark Estée, owner of
Thanks again for all the support in Denver!
It must be frustrating! It was a first for me. Thanks for the 1-on-1 training offer, but I can wait until the Feb webinar ;)
Charlie B
It's refreshing to be reminded constantly by a multitude of ppl @ seperate times that ur a great individual
I am officially a candidate for District 46 of the KY State House!!
How's the weather over there?
A Real Man Knows When He's Been Beat !!!
Strong finish with the great books indie book buzz. History of #Lego. Me want.
shake it out shake it out
she's a soldier
Happy Tuesday night all!! www.kissandim.com
re: Juxtapost. I'm not sure I'll be writing that dissertation after all.
I lost my edge, I didn't put as much into it. didn't run as far. didn't train as hard. didn't eat correctly. started drinking Ken Norton
PLEASE FOLLOW::
HOLY SHIT RT Cowboy Beth Orton; Brian "Special Delivery" Jonestown Massacre; My Bloody Greg The Hammer Valentine
Beyondthescoreboard.net the had everything going their way tonight except the two blackout
Testing software central titles with Vista 64! Known compatible titles in the Vista (32 bit) list now also display Vista (64 bit) as a supp
lol dont judge me >.< :p . yes very long time, nm i'm @ work right now :) - hbu?
I will... Keep in mind, though, it may be 3 to 4 days until arrival... Please keep ephemera-zilla in check :)
NUMBER GAME! tweet or DM :D
Good movie
RT : US DoE jumps on the #cleanweb bandwagon - calling all app developers! Energy is the next big thing:...
Butts kicked
Congrats to : Great win over Waco Midway 5-2. Katie (3), Sara and Megan G combine for the goals. Wonderful defensive display!
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Have a safe and happy New Year everyone!
right now
So Dat Mean I Should Slap Yu? Right?!
Bright-eyed and ready to kick off first DLF advisory committee meeting with T.Sierra, D. Rumsey and S. Rhind-Tutt.
Oh God, he's counting the minutes... :) RT 6,202 minutes....
ChUrCh!! MisSed mAdONNa, being lazy with my sis in law b4 i head back h0Me..!
Another pick
Yay! Another lovely review on yelp! It's nice to be number two after the fabulous cake girls!
Big shout out to all the new followers and all the people helping us promote ourselves!! We really appreciate all the support!!- Adam
Rough Jog
aww, keep trying. you'll find one eventually.
Fuck you #twitter....my #trendingtopics button has been broken for days...ruhtardz
#ndpl biggest question seems to be a question of scale - agreed. Scale locally, crowd source openly.
its gonna be sick!
#textingdisaster - Put down your phone. Don't txt and drive. Your life/health is more important then a phone/txt msg.
The reward for coming to our 7:30 class this morning was our final exam that we get to take home and do. A+ for sure!
New York in Dec is so wonderful!
RT : RT : Have a YouTube Channel! Have Subscribe Buttons! Give a Reason to Subscribe! says Paul
The same to you :) RT : #HappyMothersDay : )
so what similarities and differences between #tummeling and #networkweaving?
Finally getting to see the latest Muppets movie...ten minutes in and the verdict: I love it already!!!! Haha
Thirsty Thursday is upon us. RT this if you want (need) a drink.
I'm going to be considered an adult tomorrow, but I'm going to be a kid at heart forever
thanks hay hay! You truly know my favorite genre of Gorilla music.
I thought you died man
in the gym chillen with U aren't even with
I feel like everything like going wrong
Really Braves fans? really?
you really get paid to tweet?
Wish I had a reversal checker I'd spell beautiful not beuatiful and not catch it
Preparing for the wedding show for Sunday - in Watertown! It's going to be great - our first ever - and hoping for lots of bookings!
They really need to fix the tumblr gear app. Keeps crashing :|
Sarkozy's supporters are a little rowdy during his concession speech
no i have it
Well im watching karate kid :)
I need 5 people to follow they new to twitter but they are the pr for
haha or every weekend where work doesn't take over my life! You gotta have sucky ones to appreciate the good ones (:
Can't wait to see pictures from the walk!
judo class :]
Anytime! Glad you had fun! =) RT on Xmas was amazing! Big thanks to for the guest list connection!
#RealFriendsDont give up on you, ever.
omg, from where?
mission of burma a bit? maybe it's a boston thing?
Can't wait for this Tuesday's #BTTR!Every week is so much fun!Come sling some sammies w/ us. NE 127 st & US1.Say hi to too :)
We feel your pain! <3
Question 2 ask yourself 2day: how are u going 2 get out of ur comfort zone & take risks? Don't be scared & don't be shy
You mean after the hoarding incident?
I'm not mad at you.. I'm mad at the dirt!
The 5 game winning streak is in flux The last 5 times ive been at the ballpark, the rangers win. Odd feeling since royals worst team.
Slowly working through my Things to Listen to list on Spotify. Now listening to Fierce Creatures. Not sure where I hear about them.
hahahaha….wait *calculating, carry the 1* That's correct!
That kid was really just walking with the principal with a cigarette behind his ear..
Nothing can stop the man w/ the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing ... can help the man w/ the wrong mental attitude.
looking at ghost story or just crazy angle? also some thoughts on social class-
Tournament of Kings: not very deep, but a fun show to watch.
!! CAN ''U '' SMELL WHAT THE ROCK IS COOKING !!!! GOD BLESS U DWAYNE
#InMiddleSchool We didn't have buildings....and that was good I HATE STAIRS
yes, if you lived in Settlers' Landing or Matthews Plantation? There is another PS in town!
I did my good deed for today- I gave handicapped/disabled people some food (many were unable to get to a store). How about you?
It's all about $$$$ the more play off games the more money they make
@ estela, this time he blogged noxious, unwholesome, mischievous, and destructive
Getting my nails done.. Ugh
I've had a lifetime's worth of 'small world' and 'freaky timing' coincidences today.
SF and Baltimore blew it....How about "fundamentals" PRO'S..It is the play offs..Oh well
haha gimme a call tmrw night so we can talk
Looking for some awesome Brand Ambassadors in the Detroit and Dallas area for February events. Email for details.
ill always support u love u 1fan ,text me sometime 5038476149
": One day, you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one."
ikr it sucks :P but hey road trips are fun lol
OMG. Plot Twist!
Just finished our WCW morning meeting. Now for some hard work.
I don't think so brother
Wicked Wednesday's @ 1 Up Lounge. Happy hour drink specials:$3 Well drinks, $4 Drafts & $5 Absolute cocktails. DJ Mike T. DJ Hump.
Today is National Compliment Day! We'd like to compliment ALL our Sponsors for their dedication and support to help local kids!
This should be interesting. I have noticed a few new changes in the last couple of days on my profile.
Ms3.5 is unimpressed by the fashion statement that is exposed seams.
“ Alston is a beast, needs to be the main tailback #wvu”
this house is a fucking mess
Gaga Was Born This Day <3 Happy Birthday Gaga.
haha shut up
#iubb looking for and edge anyway they can get it.
Rock 'N Roll Fundraiser Snug Harbor 5:30 Deke Dickerson(former Kid Rock headliner)&guitarist Fitz Green perform live. Silent art auction.
Yay! My hair actually likes me today.
It was almost so amazing....
That is one classy guy! Most dudes would've still smashed that skeezer!
Struggling with chapter 3 of this permit book.
I bought blue, just to be different
Happy Holidays to all of you! I hope Santa brings us a tour bus...<3
good point! Well then, I'm about to have me a whole lot more fun, dang it! ;)
When T-Mac scored 13 points in 35 seconds > I really dont have words for it still to this day
No, but the rest of the crew will be there.
did u get the dj class joint off the blog? u fuckin w/ those stems??
Your #1 ranking of Doomtree last year ignited the resuscitation of my enjoyment of hip hop . Thank you.
love dont live here no more .....
I had a terrible dream last night that the Red Wings traded for Scott Gomez... I really need the season to start.
I see Chiller working out @ my gym in SD a few times per week
Looking forward to the collaboration! Nate you have a great since of style. The line will be hott!
HuffPo is about to link to Engine28.com. And Doug McLennan, chief architect of e28, just mentioned HuffPo in his #TCG2011 talk.
I think the place is restricted so I won't tell them anything...ok fine.
sorry. We were hacked :-/
businesswise.....Philly's ok!
oh great! That must be because you are a patent lawyer, too! Excellent!
I name you (and second the motion) chairperson.
the definition of a douche bag
I'd leave Chris Davis in to try and get the win.
Rehab by Rhianna, singing my heart out atm (:
no worries, thanks for trying
I'm good and u? I'll check out the Ep in a few.
What r u going to do now? Bad news man. Bad news. Dan is busy worrying about buying a house...I am still tired from gettin ...
For the going for my dad al eropuerto yeaha
Unintentional comedy is always the funniest.
what am i doin sitting here wishing my date tonight was instead of this jerk i gotta deal with,good thing he dnt have twitter
well if you see her let her know cuz I dont know how to get ahold of her lol
oh ok lol
WOW sir, you have a busy film fest filled summer! I hope to make it to at least one to support you.
same here wat ya up to
u excel in helen keller jokes far beyond any human...
Thank you so much!!! I owe you big time. Great job. Tell your fans that coupon code BLIPPEE gets $5.00 off of the graphic novel. Best, Gary
Good Morning
let me know on a date DM me
Breaking: POTUS is using the royal "We..."
THAT IM PLUNGED INTO FOREVER you close your heart."”?? 4 life
Hello there! (:
It's a new day, a new beginning
champs and bjs fur sure
I need to go to sleep but I wanna see Kimbrel finish this game. #myfuturehusband #cutie #Braves <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><U+26BE>
HA! That's too funny. I love his shoe line. Have you ever seen it in Boston Store?
Wake me up when #stanleycup finals begins.
Jamestown for the day with
Rain or shine I'm always there! #VamosUnited #OlsensArmy RT : Game day! Who's coming tonight?
Don't forget the "8 Weeks to a Better You" program meets at the gym this week... Not the doctors office. See you then. This week- "strength"
Young James.
Loving the new #gmail look!
one of the stars channels!
same here ;)
I'm playing the role of #KyleBoller today during our #FridayConversation. Does that mean I get to spend tonight with ?
Following back
He may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot but do not let that fool you. He really is an idiot. ~ Groucho Marx
I think he always looks like he doesn't want to be on a Hulu panel
there's a joke that goes along with that.
To my Lord and savior Jesus Christ: Thank u for waking me up, for starting me on my way & letting me see the sunshine of a brand new day!
That b***h is hit lol
- Class Act
Kutz says plans to give students resources to be part of change on campus
Lol crap.. That was a good come back..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
I know! I wish there was a quick cure!
Welcome, writing mom.
#LowbornScumbag4Lyfe old ways never die, i was beginnin 2 change 4 a while but u knw wht it's not my favorite color black & blue forever
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Kansas City!
Hide in my music, forget the day.
Wooden or folding, padded or not, just someplace to sit our butt. We need your chairs! Donate today, we have volunteers in the space today!
Americas Food show Miami Beach: Brazilian Food & Bev Business & media Roundtable w/ food tastings on 10/25 for details
I was about to tweet about #NYS politics. But if it isn't about #MarioWilliams no one will care, so why bother?
Bring it. MT : Hi is telling people to connect with you from our #cjsm online course. That's good advice
Good morning!
No but its professional to make them feel as though they are. We as barbers accommodate our clients.
yea dude he's on his way.
What helps people, helps business. -Leo Burnett
holy crap i just bought 3000 coppies... im in trouble. hah! jk
Crying is a form of healing.
ha ha ha
You either like Kevin Smith or you don't. And God forbid you tell a Kevin Smith fan you don't.
Takeing a good man/woman for granted is like overlooking and passing up precious dimonds for rocks and stones
EVERYONE DO THIS RIGHT NOW LIKE SERIOUSLY go follow amazing!
Conan the Barbarian is awkward. This lady freaks me out.
Best part about it is even one mile counts when you run every day!
thanks for the follow!
So right. why not shout him down the way he does her. Instead she sets there like a set decoration.
going to the doctor i think i might have chicken pox :/
you look like such a sweet heart and you got some amazing eyes!!!!!!
about time you speak relevant RT : clippers are gonna be outta yere right quick.
My list of summer goals is so strange
I love that moment when literally all of your friends are busy :/
so are we - thanks for the #FF!
Gearing up to film this weekend. It's gonna be a lot of fun
A quiet relaxing weekend...so looking forward to a productive week, I hope y'all do the same!
As an owner of the , I do not want on my team. at all. #he'safullbacknotaquarterback
Wow, now that was a game!
pawn stars
leaving tomorrow :( gosh i hate chicago. i wanna move back to indiana bro!
Thanks for the shout out! What film are you guys inquiring about?
I hope you win these finals with your stomach ace! I hate Reckless!!!
Most people from buffalo are happy that msg is back to watch the sabres. Idgaf about them. I'm happy to watch the linsanity continue
Too young to be serious Im just not ready for love
I'm legit crying<U+E411>
Just heard that Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill will be opening on the East bank of the Flatts!!!! BIG YAY for Cleveland!!! Woohoo!
If You Don't Get A Text Back From Me Don't Get Offended..
Welcome new followers and !
i want one {:
Because there's an amazing new song flying around that you have to capture and that's exciting!
Done......for today anyway.
Oh my goshh, Breaking Dawn is the best movie I have ever seen ! It made me cry I can't wait till part 2 comes out! I loved it ;) <3
Touch means go,,,,. Push means no. Lmao
Saw that i got anew text message..opened it and it was just spam. thought someone actually cared enough to text me. i was wrong.. :-(
That is the great internet myth though isn't it. Being great at your hobby leads to guaranteed success.
You were always an enigma to me, Grandpa, but now that you are gone I miss you. Requiescat in pace. (1920-2011)
Love is so blind
Thank you for the follow. It is my hope that I inspire you to participate in the Dream Farm effort to match orphans to parents.
A lot of people don't put in enough effort. They expect too many things, but aren't willing to give.
Lol watching NBA fails. These are hilarious.
RT : Ever wonder why your boards on #Pinterest have more followers than your account? So did -...
RT : So many critiques of slacktivism are just a thin wrapper for cynicism. Doubt can be healthy. It can also be lazy.
I know how u feel I wish they would follow me to that would make my whole year. :-)
for Prez - we need someone to
I like that one. Now if I just had time to read a book.
Thanks for the follow. Gotta love Sandy.
driving up the 5 near Harris Ranch and a guy came speeding past w oregon plates. He's
I miss youu more.
& are the reason why my friends are unfollowing me :) lol nbd.
chu should text me
Bears. Any chance they get WR Jackson from Chargers?
Headed to the Content Marketing World Conference in Cleveland Today. Hope to bring back some good info to share with everyone.
lets finish this one out. Could be a HUGE win
Austin lives in Texas. RT if you wish you lived in Texas! (:
Can't wait to move out and ditch my roommate ...
at 1045 for our showcase! Winner announced at 1130!
2 for 1 Hash Caps today at The Clinic!
Just wrapped an interview with Sophie B Hawkins! Damn, I wish I was her lover!
GUDNIGHT CHICK IMA BE UP WITCHA FROM NOW ON
RT they are the Classiest as well!!! You did pretty good this year wearing Swanny's jersey
we are waiting patiently :)
awe thanks hun ^^
so many fwiends i need to see
Strike The Shepherd & The Sheep Will Scatter: A Real Boss Power Move!
what happened did she leave or not turn up?
Forecast for Today: Partly sunny this morning. Then becoming mostly cloudy. A slight chance of showers this...
which is exactly why we failed to be heroes on 9/11.
WINKY MEANS KINKY LOGAN ;)
soo is she going to remember that she meet damon first and love him?! or is she going to stay with stephan?! omg this is crazy!!
Riddick block ends up in 15th row with a nasty yell and a stare down.
Oosthuizen goes one clear Louis Oosthuizen leads the Maybank Malaysian Open by a shot after rain once again meant the event remains behin
Great baserunning by Vandy:"back on a line drive!!"
thanks for the update. Those scum deserve to be punished!
dumb dumb dumb
Thanks fa da B-Day tweet Angie. Much appreciated babe.
text me
yeah she is....btw u seen the breaking dawn trailer?
check out MelissaLDT
i hate how karen alway makes fun of my laugh xc i cant help it ~~~~~~~~~
I WANT FEEDBACK FEEL ME !!
weblog. Do YouBlog? Because iBlog. We are obsessed with pronouns.
Girlls needa stop swearin theey bad ; hatee beinq called a bitch ! But as soon as a niqqa put Bad in frontt she all smiles
I think #Obama's willingness to use a #Birther as a #lit agent is another reminder of his willingness to reach across the aisle.
Thanks for the +K !
jewels, pets live, and grid droid
Wicked elixir sure is a good fixer. Don't elaborate allow me to investigate.Starting sick fires as my heart desires. Derse out.
You piqued my interest, girl. Bet I know them...
I ran the half marathon with a kidney stone. WTH?
My cousin's gf joins GMMB/FH family. London can host Xmas party! RT can't believe u & both work for FH!
You know what ..I'm not sure. I need to ask and then I'll get back to you...UGHH but it's so far away from now
Monsters don't sleep under your bed, they sleep inside your head.
Thanks for getting he word out!
Why, oh why, do I get sucked into these TV shows? I knew Bachelorette was going to annoy me AGAIN! And, why is Entourage so lame so far?
": Lopsided emo-style haircuts can cause amblyopia (lazy eye) warns optometrist (via )" Welp there goes my next hurrcutt! FMP
HAPPY NEW YEAR Everyone!
We never did the poster!
Michelle Bachmann spends this day in New Hampshire. How's she doing there? New poll at 11 on
Awesome! My dad's side is Mexican. Where does your family originate from?
Why do really square white people in their thirties think that using the word "peeps" make them cool?
Spiritual day. There can't possibly be a way the man who is living a blessed life lose to a man who prays for a blessing every play.
News in the Morning is on in less than 5 minutes. Tune in!
"CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...thanks
Loaded question! I support changes in meaningful #EdTech integration (aka avoiding spending sprees w/ no curricular backbone)
All the lame hoes be quiet...2nd2none
So Western KY wins Sunbelt Conf with losing record and MTSU is out after a great season. Bad for Sunbelt.
well that's good. I dnt even have a cell:(
Waiting for dinner to be done, Then stuffing my face.
LOL... I guess the ONLY way you can win anything is to defeat someone in the other party's primary. How sad...
Great Win! And nice play at third turner!
House Music all night long at Black Lantern Audio Den in Huntington, NY! Come out and support! Getting ready for my set at 11:15PM!!!!
love this and your little boy expression in the pic!
yes, I need another person to catch all the connections you're making!
I know he will bring it up I believe in him. He'll do it for us. He loves us.
yeah I'm seeing them!
U already know bro
Caregivers, thank you for caring for your Senior Loved One. We appreciate you. Here's a big hug of support!
LOL That's funny!
It's snowing in April and I have a game today
“: wish I was up there, it's boring” it's always boring in the boro
I will take another love scene!
Martin Tupper~ A good book is the best of friends the same today and forever.
Funny, charming, witty, nice Gares they are... I sounded like Yoda...
Will Aggie Tannehill go to Miami?
Had dinner with some old high school friends. Can't believe how long ago we graduated. I feel OLD haha
SHHYEAHHH! RT nice I'm wearing my ring ceremony shirt for the 2009 championship from game 1 of the 2009-2010 season
RT If u believe the BEST is yet to come, RT!!
Tom Walek contributed to AIMA's updated members-only Guide to Media Relations, which revises the original document he helped write in 2006.
You still coming?
love this idea - thank you!
Tomorrow night on MPR and Sunday at 9 on
Well I live in New York City now
lol I'm not a sports girl, like I know nothing about sports xD
im on
So so so proud of my little sister.. Success run in the fam! <U+2728> Love u!
Thanks so so much for an amazing night, last night, Rickshaw-goers! Are you as in love with as I am?
Is so I can follow . That is all.
that argument would have been awesome on HBO
with the 1st pick in the 2011 rapture, God selects Randy "The Macho Man" Savage. Ooooohhhh Yeah!!!
Got my Hopscotch print today...even more awesome in person! Thanks for sending it out so quick. Can't wait to frame it.
Apparently had a bday party and forgot to invite us
Happy Monday! We're soaking up the sun all week on the !
He means 8 lane.
Cant wait for this weekend , going to ceder point & then the lakee .
“A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.” Einstein
I'm wishing twitter wasn't so inconvenient to me!
that's awesome. My dad gets it so I just sponge off of him :)
I'm sixteen & I admit: I miss my Mommah. <'3
is that okay for u?? No my love, I could never mad with you!!! I love you too my dear..
if by interior designing skills you mean ability to stock the fridge, then yes I agree
Where the ladies tonight
#CelebrityApprentice Good riddance to ! Emotional, delusional and racist to boot.
Women are made to be loved, not understood. - Oscar Wilde
“: If I went out on dates with chicks as much as I watch repeat showings of BLOODSPORT on tv, I'd be pimpin pretty hard”
So turns out it's IMPOSSIBLE to sing YMCA without doing the motions.
Absolutley perfect time for ac to break .
Great spot, was there for Roll out party last night
but who am I jokin with? there's no way that you and I will ever get to re-open it
Waiting on my tax return so I can cop something from
I love that movie soo much!! It made me cry...lolRT : Watchin dear john
At #CPD2012 sideevent on #SRHR youth rep says most Pakistani youth denied their right to access comp sexuality education.
#lasttimeichecked i was not talk to you
I FORGOT. SHEESH.
superlative conspiracy
i thought you said that about Neil Young and i was about to agree emphatically!
Free workout for a yr, use promo code "fit" during the sign up process, @ www.TheGymPro.com. What do you have to loss ... weight?
It's amazing how warm 12 degrees feels.
Our Hero is a great thing, Andrew. Possibly the Greatest Thing. Being followed by this feed, though? Meh. Average thing.
Just heard on stuff you should know that <1% of the lottery goes to K-12 education...
Jodi took me to Founding Farmers to celebrate the new job.
Might wear my friend "Guy Benson Collection" tonight. Supporting an up and coming designer!
I love my gauges :)
I hope you are having fun, but get focused and cheer the loudest and best game of your career!
This week's update is coming later today! Did we take The FMQB AC Music Chart's number 40 slot?...we'll see.
How bizarre how bizarre
people want what they cant have and when they get it they dont want it anymore
Power came back in middle of night, thnks to hrd-wrking ppl Thnx!
Oh yoga how I've missed you!
that's what I'm taking it as
Good Morning :^)
I love Halloween!!! Bring on the crazy quaky wacky!!!!!!!
- thanks for the retweet -
with microSD, USB, Android OS upgradeable to Ice Cream Sandwich, lightweight, gorilla glass, keyboard... best on the market! :)
Golly. Comparing Jefferson's original rough draft of the Declaration of Independence to the final engrossed version is always instructive.
Women, can't live with them, can't live without them, but definitely has a special one in mind
“Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.” — Markus Zusak
Finished an interview for the fabulous
congrats! UBC seems like a great department!
Sansa is growing on me.
RT "When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion." ~ Ethiopian Proverb
Today is an amazing day to sit back and compose some tunes. That's what we are doing.
Who say how salty that nigga kobe just looked....lol
omg me too! I would be the happiest person alivee!
thank the lord :)
rogaine MEN'S ROGAINE FOAM EXTRA STRENGTH 1 MONTH SUPPLY NEW :O
Watched last night - wow! Such an interesting story- well done...
obviously you're invited, I already told you that you're VIP status around here, remember?
Would u let me fall?
<---Down to ride and deserves a boss who's down to provide.
I do what I can don't blame me blame my Dolphins application
Did you steal that one from Tip?
telling us that Twitter cut her off ... apparently too much tweeting from Star's star statehouse reporter!
you gonna shot gun a four loko for me on my 21st next Sunday?
Good morning everybody
new, seeing what this is all hyped up to be
Why do PR confuse media relations as a strategy... it's a tactic people.
I represent Detroit
Austin. Your are a absolutely fantastic ball player. You exceed in each aspect of the game and never give up. I actually watched you pla ...
- GOODNIGHT POSTS ANYONE ?? LMFS
We're so excited for our makeovers today at the White Orchid Salon and Spa!
Well This Is just Great
It was cute. :)
Love my colleagues. It wouldn't be the same without them.
sloans lake is the place to be.
wondering what the spoon logo would look like on a cow.
My husband and I caught up on Season 3 of #BethennyEverAfter last night. Could Bryn be any cuter?!
Every welcome my boy to twitter..It's about time son haha...
hell yes!!! Lmao
Use your mind to get inspired, use your heart to stay inspired.
Rio Rancho, NM listed within the best 25 Suburbs Can Be Comfortable For Retirement - Forbes
Up early this morning! Enjoyed my weekend with true friends! (:+)
that looks good, let me know what you think!
Who's up & ready to race? This girl!
Pink concert tickets to go on sale this weekend for San Jose, Seattle, Glendale, Houston
Congratulations on the scholarship - that's terrific!
Anybody want to buy me some allergy meds?
Dont u just love it when folks throw philosophies they used to scoff @ up in your face? Have you sittin like I just told YOU that last WEEK!
I love seeing a company built to help consumers know where to get the most out of their music lessons. Keep up the good work!
This has been a great Twitter night already in my first 10 minutes of bein on #nba nd #nfl signings
Dear (#Jets GM) Mike Tannenbaum, the team needs WR depth and Al Toon's son is on the board. Let's make this work.
RT : Just secured my work party gift to exchange and a $25 toy for the #bloodybrunch donation tomorrow. <--yay!! Thanks so much!!!
WORLD SERIES MVP IS (DAVID FREESE)
Soo delicious. You won't regret it.
Your single season is a vital part of your story..the part where you meet the greatest heroine of your life: YOU. #TheSW RT
That's why I have a dog. He might not say it, but I think he thinks I'm perfect.
“: Happy for to vote til they shut me out!! Love you guys...”//Unfortunately, you can only vote once...
haha..it sure is...some sun...some rain.....some TLC from mom nature.
...that's ME! I'm coming after you if I don't see you within the next 48 hours.
I know! It wasn't directed to anyone so it's all good. :)
New topic - Photokina could be exciting
Thanks! Hands are warm and happy!
This kind of stuff isn't waht Twitter is for. Just go away from him if you don't like him.
what's hanin'..
A compassionate government keeps faith with the trust of the people and cherishes the future of their children.
Mexico lindo with the parents hit the spot
I love me time:-)
was she unbelievably confused?
To say that it's the worst Congress EVER would be an understatement of epic proportions.
": Many of clients at have been doctors and nurses. It's nice being able to give them a foot assessment.
Atlanta does have some great venues. Who are you going to see live?
Trust is like Virginity, Once you loose it you can never get it back.
the aspirin thingie ^.^
Hey students, are you excited for to come to Marquette again?! WE ARE!
The real loser in the #Pujols deal? Moneyball.
Just got done with the test :-)
Thank you for stopping by this morning!
love the new site! looks great. beautiful work as always, baby.
Oh so many. But it was a boatload of fun.
We're glad you like the mag!
Thanks for sharing the interesting article!
I can't do it! I can't! it hurts but I can't!
listening to "a moment's shifting" by Anything Box
I had 3 in 3 schools high/middle/elem can't drive all 3 - I'm really down over these new reports.
DM me yo new number bruh I dont have urs for some reason. U gon be in the nap today?
RT T3thinktank: RT : Interactive technology, touch screens + smart TVs will drive importance of metadata tagging and future of...
hope to have you through.
SALSA ES LO QUE HAY on my mind everyday!!! LOL
I'm at work. Wonder why my boss decided to not allow us access to www.tigersandmonkeys.com ?
#Colts win by 3 tonight.. my prediction!
Ebc time come check it out! Then hit it home with surrender! Only
typing with my 6 month old niece on my lap. I am in heaven!!!
Way to go 1 of 12 suburban restaurants worth making the drive says
Back to reality slave shifts && low pay
Totally! Inspired by your gumption! Want to hear about your 7+, too!
Do you ever take a day off, ? :)
I start school in less than a week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> I haven't been in class in like 5 or 6 years ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Love you girls ! RT Can't forget the mouse! RT : at OSHA with xx
Fox didn't even know who was in LF. Weak.
TRYING SO HARD TO GET YOU TO SEE AT LEAST ONE OF MY TWEETS! ~capitols better work. ;)
Wash my hands up
RT : Win 2 tickets to the exclusive Real World premiere party at ! RT for a chance to win.
I love you one, a two, a three shoobee-doo. :)
Just saw your twin at Walmart!
Matt Barnes <U+E409>
In one of my first opportunities to catch my breath and process, I find myself crushingly homesick.
Thanks for sharing! I appreciate your candidness.
lol nvm it's sold now :-(
Why are you such a creeper? :-)
Fifty shades book one done
Re: O'Keefe. What are the examples of elections possibly won by fraud? Only one I can think of is the LBJ "landslide" in '48
True dat RT : Social Media gives you wings - be sure you use them to help others to fly :-)
nice. Where do you row? Are you still in school?
Student asked, "Should academics at AU participate in a creative commons type endeavor?" #dff2011 says yes!
doing well out here in the northwest
Aww thx luv! : Because, like #Visa, she's everywhere you want to be, I gave +K about #Sacramento on
TUNE IN NOW! Dominic is giving away tickets to Six Organs of Admittance as we speak! 91.1 FM or wtju.net/stream
I'm gonna start too! Lol
#RIP iChat I'm gonna miss you :(
Let's do something tomorrow.!(:
#sdmayornp Nathan Fletcher " I promise I will do nothing to make weather worse"
Always learn on webinars!
did you love it??!!!
you made me want pizza yesterday..hella too early in the day..
what's good beautiful.. you should deff come visit me at work tomorrow lol
How did I get this request before you?! You're the king of Pinkberry
I'm just not as gentlemanly as you Paul!!
Leaving for the airport!!!
Definately open to the idea..Let's talk about how to do it.
No worries. My main point of mentioning the SD/PHI line was that if I took Worley, it would be in a low scoring affair
for some reason, I rapped this in my head lmao
Been grinding music all day with , , and !! Come see us this Friday the 9th at King Plow in ATL!!
$1 bus to downtown from Austin airport? Don't mind if I do!
You're welcome :)
To think possitive requires effort. Interrupt the negative talk. Intentionally think affirmations, thoughts of gratitude.
hey guys whats everyone up to???-Amanda
It's Pintastic! No? RT : Is the term "Pinfluence" already sounding goofy to you too?
COLLEGE FRIENDS: make sure you get a good pic of yourself now, because it will be your profile pic for the next 30+ years
watch it.
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps "Someone Like You"
humm of the baby monitor.
Blueberry clusters in my cereal?! BLUEBERRY CLUSTERS?!! What kind of dark magic is this?!!!
Must remember to make sure hashtags are illustrative or functional before using.
i sure will follow i Always follow #CeNation fans
Great win last night! I miss being at the RioT but I wear my RSL gear proudly in DC!
#SDSU New Orleans Bowl Kicks Off @ 6pm on ESPN. Win Game #13 two years straight! Geaux #Aztecs!
The link is still active.. Should warn you that I get nostalgic for the 90s in the winter.
Tressel had more than 13 yards passing I think
Whatever has fewer characters.
Akinade: Scientific impact of nations: South Africa ONLY country in Africa cited...at bottom of list.
aw Thanks! You are very cute too :)
Prepping for a pull chain bottling run!
work all i do is write. i got some singles wanna get up wit ya and tlk im ready 2 learn & grow wth dis music can u help me?
going to bed early, still fightin the #sick me. lol
I am turning 40 today, felt I haven't accomplished much, then I look at my wife of16 years and our two boys. little things
ahh me to!! its helping me relax rite now(:
A couple is lying in bed. Man: "I am going to make you the happiest woman in the world." Woman: "I'll miss you."
Was expecting you to say violence...well, hey...at least you're sending people to your Twitter I suppose...
I fucking hate my parents. As soon as I graduate i'm going to save every penny so I can
it's like near Poplar.
During the 2007 Great Backyard Bird Count, the American Robin ruled with more than 2 million sighted!
Happy Easter everyone.
I am a fan of , but I'm so frustrated with the bouncing pan on what should be a same-size smooth pan from left to right.
She's going to be work
actually, you should make the picture, not take it.
I used to periodically make up a lie telling people that they were making a Sanford and Son movie with Chris Rock and Samuel L Jackson
Never felt better to say its the weekend :) its been to long. Retail therapy tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
FOLLOW ME
I click on links and get only blank pages. Any tips?
#carlsbad #encinitas - hope to join your cooking class tonight! Addicited to Emerald Bliss too if my kitchen skills fail!
sorry about the car... hope you're ok
how do I become a model
We're very happy with the response the new single 'Baphomet' has been receiving. Now's the perfect time to recommend us to your friends!!
You can never be overdressed or over-educated.
#TheThingIHateMost is skipping breakfast and then end up STARVING minutes later when I can't get up to grab something
looks so sick
Visit sites outside of your industry and interest areas for new ideas.
I'm so thankful for and
buy me A PONEY
Super nice! I'm excited lolol I've never got a pedi, but it sounds great c:
“: My PASSION for giving unleashes my COMPASSION for others. It's #WHYiGive”
Westmoore, Southmoore, and SW OKC areas. We are pretty set on that part of OKC right off of I-44.
Manu is here and extra talkative tonight. Get ready
I think every fake Mexican place presses their tortillas...
Well that don't sound like it hurts at all... O_o
I don't know most of the people I'm supposedly "following". How do I lose them?
Currently reading Ford Madox Ford's PARADE'S END, 4 books in 1, & a much more complex look at the #DowntonAbbey era
Just got back from a fun presentation at WWU. I hope that you all enjoyed the wonderful time we had together. Thanks for having us up.
I wonder what my gpa will be when I walk at graduation?
RT As the father of a classroom teacher, I know how hard they work and their tremendous impact. This week,
- These Folks Bad As Hell . .
Most of the time people hate you cause they aint you.
RT : So true --> Without a project manager, your project will fail.
should give me her digits (;
Really? That's horrible, I loved that band. Time for a Google search. Thanks for the heads up, Alli
You should have your own fight shirt… like the fighters do.
That awkward moment when you run into twin (not knowing it's not her) and try to start a whole conversation! =P
my friend Ben is working your mic tonight, say hello even though he's a man! Pshhh right
Come on - Pres. Obama is speaking at Seoul summit & being covered by CNN & Fox. Stop with the crap Lock-up reruns & cover real news!
I haven't seen at #JLWL12. We miss you.
10:00 - 4 what's good ? Hit up my phone.
In Durant, Oklahoma today working out of my satellite office. Great to see my brother and his family.
Rethinking all the little things
just heard from police sources that this was a custodial issue between ex husband and wife.
Because small, local, sustainable business partnerships need to eat too!
Yes! RT Made mom some steaks from for #MothersDay. Thanks for letting me know
Glad you could join us at #SDIS we had a blast too!
Still have a block on my twitter..ugh
<3 what's the origin of yours??
isn't this just like what anons tried to do late last summer? what's teh point?
yep. Wicked hop?
What. A. Game.
Yes have to tell u all about SanFran trip my husband just took! He was called unexpectedly, just got back today! Will fill u in!
Are u in Philly? Maybe we can do lunch or something while u are in town.
While I love Woody Allen, can we please give like ONE of these things to a woman please?
'There is not a management course in the world that recommends Self-Righteousness as a tool.' Tina Fey
No one has more driving ambition than the boy who wants to buy a car
Newts sister us sweating like a pig
Brilliant pitching from #Mets staff today in 1-0 win. Nice to see Johan back.
#ARIES .. this weekend, baby!!
Oh stop, but thank you. “: We love and #smcnsb”
Fallow Back? (:
i don't know what a Bowl of Dicks is....but I'm sure it's something Keith visits regularly.
how did u "retweet" that if I never even tweeted that..?
I'm am looking for #Independent #Models contact your contact name, an pic
My heart can't handle this. I can't go to school due to emotional distress. TVD did this did this. #myfeelingscantbecont ...
Wonder woman on
thanks for the follow! Can't wait to checkout your digs!
Great thanks but i'm sick of finals i'm glad they're over
I love the stripped dress you are wearing at the airport!! Where can I buy it??
We couldn't have done it without you! Thanks for helping to improve the lives of so many New Yorkers.
I know I'm late but happy birthday Cjaye!! :) love ya hope it was an awesome birthday!
#decoded How many times has the world been prophesied to end? I'm not worrying till the brimstone starts falling.
Everyone keep rooting for the
Breaking: Andrew Luck has signed with Nokia. Will rep their retro handset line.
Refreshing to see college athletes like put the student before 'athlete'... #proudgamecock Congrats!
Tulowitzki got hit in dugout by a foul ball, remained in the game to limp out an infield single, and was pulled immediately after.
Just started new gig as educational technologist at BU. Am starting this professional Twitter feed for it.
well you ground me from the high of social media frenzy. I appreciate grounding?
Woo hoo! RT'ed me too! My coolness quotient just went up. :-)
Hey #Cardnation Lou/Fla replay on right now on CBS Sports Network.
I wasted a lot of time in my life chasing after illusions...Refusing to see beyond the smoke and mirrors....that was a poor investment....
Missing my brother Dan. Gone 6 years.
Thank you for the mention!!
I'm on da zoo.
almost done packing, out of Miami in 24 hours :O
ARE YOU AT THE DOCTOR? PLEASE SAY YES.
ty for follow
Great article in the about the WA High School Cycling League Race Sunday. Dont miss it!
love your #SanJoseSharks tweets, but can u append the score ?
of a/asu hockey game. Go cats! Celebrating nephew's birthday...and mine too!
Ah this rain is crazy!
When i do these silly weight loss challenges my mind thinks of some diabolical very fattening foods!
bet-let me kno wut u think about dem cuz im lookin to join a real team here
so have you heard the buzz
IK UR STILL ON!! AND IK UR GOING TO SEE THIS!! BUT PLZ FOLLOW ME!! I BEEN WAITING #4YEARS !!
. Have a blast in St. Pete guys! That's my hometown! Too bad I'm in IL!
i do!
4 Days left to purchase a Pink 100% waterproof ipod and have $20 of the proceeds donated to
I love you more #BeHappy <3
I think he will have a nice and solid season. Jags are a young team. You have a Great RB, Good WR, and etc
MT : Social theorist Ida B. Wells helped develop what's now called "intersectional analysis," yet she's rarely taught in sociology.
you gotta be kidding me
Happy 36th birthday, ! You don't look a day over a frail 93.
i do too lol i love goin to a black hairdresser
We know study space is at a premium right now... if the Info Commons is full, don't forget to check out WHH 118.
I want everyone to know: When I retweeted "#stopkony" I meant, "Stop flooding my feed with this bull."
For Better or Worse let's talk about it iwillmovement.blogspot.com
In the end we'll realize we would of made it in music by working together!Heartbreaking.
So my elbow buddy told me I'm "screwed" O.O
Just scored 3 expired packs of Polaroid film for $15. Yes please!
You remind me... I am due for a good run. And *gulp,* another marathon.
Who is spending Nov in the FL sun at the #OldSpiceClassic?
#musiclib2010 Hot Topic #4: Anyone interested in giving presentations or attending them in second life?
can cook instant oatmeal "Put it in the microwave and BOOM!" hahaha<21
I played Henze's Orpheus Behind the Wire for 1 hour at the piano each day for 6 months before my 1st rehearsal & its American premiere.
- Great presentation, Jason & Team! Have fun!
Its Fathers Day! Gutter Cleaning only 50 cents a foot. Today only!! Allentown, PA Area only
I'm trying to figure out what principle underlies your argument. Rape is not to be discussed except by licensed professionals?
Saxon Pub. Hill Country Live Showcase. If you're anywhere else tonight, you're not at
Good Morning! It's supposed rain today! Bring it on, we're so ready for some rain! Only 5 more days til we're leaving for Caribbean!
“: Can't even play pandora or pay Online cuz the Internet is with the cable!!!!! Lol classic!” Looks like your phone has Internet
Not too sure how I feel about Lou Reed recording an album with Metallica. First blush: disbelief / confusion. Now: Intrigue.
“: Cannot think about the great Dick Clark w/out childhood memory of Danny and the Juniors At The Hop” Mine is Sam the Sham!
36 hours ago I was 40 feet away from usher..
Sipping on a glass of wine...Thinking
Now I'm actually getting hungry.
60° @ 5:30 this morning ...fired up the wide glide went to work.....what was I thinking....why did I stop....oh yeah...fucking money!!! \m/
Strange night tonight. Eerily calm and warm
oh yeah fa sho
Two bitches.
Getting drunk :) with the nigs
Yea I think I can fix it up for you... ;)
Thanks(: Austin is following me already tho. I always forget. Hahaha :D
Some guy dies at a strip club... :o man that sucks
good luck, Eddie!
People only bring up your past because they're intimidated by your present.
Girls has the worst sex scenes of all time.
Happy Thursday! Enjoy your day...SMOOCHES!!
i havent been on here in forever! wassup mahomies? :) -Melanie
in Syracuse for the *last* of my library school classes... social networking for libraries starts tomorrow!
i know... it's terrible. Let's cross our fingers for this weekend.
RT : So good! RT : I forgot how good the food at is.
no thats raw
Hey Ed! Hear you were at Ryan today. Hope all is well.
If you could re-form Evolution....
We have a new product we are about to launch, would love some feedback. www.greengridpartners.com/colderflow
First draft is next week! Mentally I'm already there!
Take in, assimilate, release! Thank you
NYC #1 PRINTING & GRAPHIC DESIGN COMPANY! GET 5000 FULL COLOR POSTCARDS FOR ONLY $175> CALL 1-800-PRINTING
whatever , Ig hater . On another one today
I know one thing.... Miami dont wanna see San Antonio!...
Great appointments!
“ Disinfect your life of negative ppl, habits, conversations, & relationships. Time for spring cleaning. ~ #TheSW”
No mug. Been resold to some other chump. :(
DEADLY CRASH: OR 47 closed 4 miles south of Vernonia, detour in place
Had I seen this 14k tweets ago, I might have made an about face. I'm afraid it's too late for me. All others, save yourselves!
The Knicks & Bulls too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : I'd be willing to bet I'm the only NBA player that bow fishes
Ah, I like that turn of phrase.
thanks u too!!
Boo. I was betting on dollar store brand. RT : Not real. RE: Morgan's grape soda
#whereveryouaretour ! Who's excited?! :)
Headed to the crib done wit work
probably including your own Mama....you couldn't do it with your own sperm, vause you have no balls (OSU boy)
Your English is really good. "What we learn with pleasure we never forget" A. Mercier You seem to enjoy learning English.
I absolutely do not have a problem with beliebers following me, but there is one rule that err'one follows.... No hate.
Woolard: Reading David Hondula's email.
Congrats to for being the Adelbert Parris Scholarship winner of 2009. Thanks for following!
good! it's going better now that I've regained focus .... Only tweeting to you, u should feel special lol
You just RT'ed your candidate Kenyan's post from his personal and campaign accounts. My way can't be that off right? Have a good 1
If my computer runs any slower I'm going to have to start calling it "Matt"
Ouch my atoms!
Vitamin C (strawberries, broccoli) and green tea are our friends in the battle of the bulge. Both help to break down fat!
Who knows. He may be back.
las vegas lol
I had to watch the replay to be sure RT Let's just forget I briefly had a heart attack thinking Gomez didn't touch the plate
i got ass cheeks on my white tee, all these hoes keep grinding on me
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
Thanks to for the follow! Ask us about GeoFencing. Communicate with customers when they enter your parking lot via mobile.
Staff of University of Delaware English Language Institute enjoyed #nafsa10! More use of social media on the way--very exciting times!
Thanks! Hope you explore the code more, and feel free to ask questions of and
RT: "No one would ever have crossed the ocean if he could have gotten off the ship in the storm."-Charles F. Kettering
If you want to NOT get something done form a committee or commission a study. Sounds like the DC Ethics Bill.
Enjoy! We hope you have a great time with
no ea framework that will cause the unimaginative to innovate.
WHERE DANGER LIVES--the perfect movie for Arizona haters.
RT : RT : Seniors, don't forget baby pictures are due tomorrow!! <U+263A>
thanks..:) i love italy..i'm from LA..:)xx
Yo, you better be in Eugene soon!
Every week, I make the same joke in Zumba. I introduce the class, thank them for coming, then say "ok, great class, bye!" they never laugh
I know that feeling! lol
who is paying for boatwright's attorney?
Junior Lieutenant Beefheart
recalling the time Bart thought George Washington Carver was "the guy who carved up George Washington."
#10FactsAboutMe 6) I always do my best at everything whether I'm good at it or not. I expect the same from everyone. Anything less kills me.
tweets are in this corner
They were right in my face and didn't know what in hell the numbers were
WMYB was just playing at my dentist office..And my nurse lady was singing along she said her favourite is Harry Styles ;)
My dads day gift... Another 24 of the flu. I would have preferred the lame tie
forgotten about that photo! Will make sure sees it :)
Packing for along trip to vegas
RT : How much is HC effected by lang & cultural diff? It is a huge issue in the medical field. Contact me and let's talk…
Kevin Harvick celebrated his big NASCAR win, Sunday night by going down a giant water slide in his wife's panties & bra ... #nowthat'sclass
SHOUT Out To ALL My Followers! #MUCH LUV
4 team monster tease for the early games - over clem/mia, BC, Bama, Navy. That's chicken right there
Powers out again. Stupid Freakin Storms.
Congrats!! Is there a digital version?
Having one of those talks with Dennis ... again
We appreciate you following Poised Creation Oklahoma City!
Rain rain go away! But at least it's 60 degrees today. Gotta love NC weather.
How are you going to make your mark on the world? Start with your passion and your values and let them lead you.
You don't like Josh? Oh, I'm sorry, could you repeat that? I couldn't hear you over the thousands of girls screaming his name!
Thanks, but it doesn't feel like it.
F in Biology test, F in warm up, phone got taken away.
Lol she said im a twitterho
I'm glad you came <3
yes it was a hard hit but I think he exaggerated a tad
PickUpLine: Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under
Walking to work, great idea. Walking to work in worn down chuck taylors
now if they say your full address call the police . . .
You don't know him like I do.
Dear #Bosu ball makers: Never thought I'd be so up close and personal with a variety of oversized kickballs in my life.
omgoodness you are one lucky lady ;)
ahh...yea thats not good my mama , step mama,and step daddy smoke...
#whenitwascoolto shuffle... wait people still do that
Watching "The Way We Get By" and keep bursting into tears.
Do you feel me on the whole Kristen Stewart pain too? From what I can tell girlfriend not only can't act but has no personality?
lucky you. I have had far too many lately. Spam followers too. Darn.
Commentpress would be great--awesome suggestion, thanks!
I'm gonna run #baytobreakers this year. For real.
Just saw Think like a man...f u n n y movie!
I survived an earthquake?
Is it safe to say you have joined the left??? Could you really vote for mittens?
An obstacle is something you see when you take your eye off the goal.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROBIN! hope it is absolutely fabulous :)
Oh, your reading the 3rd Hunger Games Book? You must read all the time
"I was a 2 and 1/2 tool player" - Mike Lowell - I LOVE this guy - Week after week best interview of the week.....
Thanks for the #FF love!
hope you are having fun! miss you :)
Can the rangers just win please<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
"Dude, you are a straight misfit and I love it."- Response from an EWU employee after I said I'd miss an hour of class to help w/ his panel
He's right it's not.
Yeah lot of folks don't know I'm a sound guy & got to play with the toys the double 'Lexicons'
I suck at scramble with friends, so if you want an easy win find me
"Just stop worrying." That never works. So keep worrying and stop it.
Dang it!! We are starting out freaking DBQ next hour! -__-
Just one more fight about your leadership and I will straight up leave your shit cause I've had enough of this!
haha we have to have an existential crisis too? I'll add that to my list, right below "for the love of God, write more"
Perks of Being a Wallflower is next on my list of books to read/purchase
texting my man and watching bgc
cool, will drop you an email in the morning.
How can u Track a Iphone if its Lost Um???
askk ..maybe she would know lol
I'll come get you.
damn i been tryna figure out for the longest why And
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another. -Charles Dickens
Water Gun fight With the guys... They're seriously wetting up my hair and butt. It sucks being the only girl. I need back up!
thanks 4 the followback! if you need shears or sharpening call text or tweet! my new webstore will be up very soon!
Happy Easter Rasheed!!!!
RT : Our Re:tail Thrift & Consignment Shop has moved! Please join us at 4646 Menaul Blvd today for our Grand Re-Opening.
I was so embarrassed for Don Draper.
Flavors of Philly Food Tour through the end of April
:D How are you?:3
I'm tearing my ASS to sleep I can't afford another fight on my heart -_-
The Pacers really are an underrated team so I understand why Ralfy is going for them.
I know huh
When is gonna b in #vegas. cause i live about 6 hours away. my mom says she wont take me..but the world will hate me if dont..
I just find it impossible to write well when putting in tons of OT at work! stress at work+stress about not writing= O_o
I don't get why Zuch couldn't come to NYC for anouncement of massive new offices. The mayor and US Senator came?
I weighed in and gained 2 lbs.
Looks like Mariano Rivera tore his ACL chasing a fly ball in batting practice for Yankees. Thats not good
You bet!
you should look in to the 5% mathematics it's pretty interesting
hey to u
Want to learn about #RelationshipDevelopmentInvervention? We are offering education courses online and in person!
Who needs $500 mil when you can listen to all the Justin Bieber you want for free on Spotify?
349: Thank God THAT'S over. (But I am pretty grateful to work with a team full of awesome.)
Lung is good and I'm able to work out now! Thanks for all the support everyone!
This dude Nick Swardson is hilarious
Know what space your community wants to engage in. Is that Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, YouTube, other?
Dear migraine: you have horrible timing.
i hope so too! it's been a little too long since we've come to Orlando!
Thinking about hitting Wrigley for the 1st time this year on my next day off.
My editor + I chose the same breakfast off a 10-pg menu. Gotta love like-mindedness!
- Who cares? He'll never win an NBA title with that mentality.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting. - Buddha
oh not NOW! lol
Another day, another home inspection.
#ThisSummerImTryna spend money and travel nonstop
things to do in wichita ks
"Some of this has to do with the corrosive influence of money in politics." #sotu Money and politics go hand in hand... this needs to stop!
Hey RT : Hi everybody :)
This #Cubs lineup, offensively..is uglier than grandmas panties. I'm fairly confident I could bat cleanup for them and no one would notice.
The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work.
Yes! RT : We know agrees RT If In-N-Out started charging $50 for a chezburger I would be sad but understand
Mitt said he is not “concerned about the very poor.” I wonder if he would be if he was?
God it's good to hear your voice.
Barca coach leaving
I have not changed, I just need to disappear a bit ... I would come back
It's 's fault that I just inhaled a bag of sour path kids and a bag of gummy worms. Why did you let me but them?!? Haha
Marriott delray. VERY nice. Very nice.
I hate waiting on ppl
I'm gonna have to third that!! Come to us right meow!!
follow your nose? haha
I should go somewhere nice to grade...
you would! You do realize ur the wackadoodle king pin right!?!
Sobriety check point on 95 near king street.
o/h stat last wkk that avg person carries 3-5 devices today. At #IntelIT we see diff usages demand diff devices. PC alive/well.
no I was talking about me lol.
Howard Jacob presenting about sequencing and personalized medicine
Weird--> RT : Thank you to our dedicated public employees in WI! We appreciate your hard work and sacrifice.
Big THANK YOU to our hosts and our sponsors at You guys are the cat's meow!
hahaha. I washed them :)
oh my sons bday party next month at metro beach on 16 mile if you wanna come :-)
Cant wait to see my dog and guitar!
Might take an ice bath tonight. I'm feeling like I need one.
God won't give u more than u can handle carry these boulders,give it all I got untill I get older,
I HOPE WE CAN APPRECIATE THE SUPERBOWL WIN NOW! I BE LISTENING TO U ON D LIST.
"Relationships fail not because they are destined to fail. They failed because one of the two or both, made a choice to give up"
Cool , Cool do you work?
no he was too cool for school I guess.
Fantastic performance last week! Thanks again for stopping by!
misses me awww
It's also NDAA, HR 347, voting that employers can demand FB pw's--all in the last few months.
In early June, 1807 USS Chesapeake encounters HMS Leopard off VA. British demand the right to board looking for deserters.
Fun times with :)
Meeting over
THAT DOCTOR LOOKS MEAN!! WHY WOULD HE SAY THAT 2 U!??
can't wait to watch! :)
mother of god... So it begins
omg are you selling those?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
I cannot deal with people who only want to get stuff quick when I'm worried about building things that last...THIS AINT GONNA WORK!!!
Frozen custard what.
when are you NOT moving tho??
Q: what is the role of patient advocates?
you're pretty sexy.
but we never said you was a HOE ! your assuming. we was just telling you how we felt.
How can I not have known that Google ownes YouTube?
Yesterday I tilled a large patch of yard by hand, with a shovel. Good to do manual labor after sitting & thinking so long.
man that video fast lane is dope. Where didi you shot it at?
ROBERT HERE!! retweEt IF ya AiNT REadY TO Go BACK T O SChooL!?! DOWN WITH TWINKES
Just starting "The Shadow of the Wind" by Carlos Ruiz Zafon
Listening to and talk with Nick Johnson of on
Too many others agree with #prdude They definitely need to evolve their thinking.
When a fire truck is charged with violating civil rights, you can rest assured that people will be videotaping them too
you are an amazing guy... I wish I could tell you in person but I know you'll never give me a chance...
winner of the obscure WWE reference from 1990s
Gorgeous drive to Vancouver BC to watch Aaron speak on a panel at the ASIS&T National Conf. Wish I could attend the conf, but work calls.
Want to succeed against the competition? Make your #purpose; make your #vision different.
ok I have NO idea what you drew! Lol
'I only wish it was true, and you were incarcerated.'
"You don't go from one to a million followers in a day"
HOLY SHIT IT WAS INSANE.
surprising I wouod have expected you to have a black book of #bbc on demand
Got a new cat(: with and !
Thanks for spreading the word about #BeerTAG!
- meant: misses. Still, I hope you've been good.
a fire engine called "Tender 4." Tender for whom? Is this a Prince song I haven't heard?
:'] Lol. Im sorry! But that is awesome. Ahah. And yeah I can't wait for Thanksgiving ^_^ Happy 11/11/11
You supposedly go to church but you out here acting like you got no sense & no class? Yea ok.
But seek his kingdom, and these things will be given to you as well. (Luke 12:29-31 NIV)
HELLO TROPHY fans!! We wanted to thank all the bands, DJ's, MC's, and comedians who came to perform at the Trophy Club Austin. Much Love
"People don't buy what you do, they buy why you do it." Great point by of on building brand advocates
Can someone kick Merril Hoge in the head for me?
Mom thought today was the 1 hour delay, when it wasn't. And I knew it wasn't. Guess who got an extra hour of sleep
I'm clicking through your links and your mobile stories are not working...Android based.
good advice. don't want to over-jam too quickly.
Lyrical Trilogy climbig up the reverbnation charts. Check out hit That's not hip hop!!!!!!!!!!!!
have you stopped by their booth. And checked out what they offer at their resort.
Everything offends me. Therefore, I offend everyone.
Hey hello you can not come to Palermo? Please twt **.
Huge game tonight! GO CATS! Rangers-Ott game last night was super, too.
#worldfest this upcoming Sunday 5/19th We'll be there! Will you?
haha aww well you know now! :))
They're gonna have to name the love baby Mercedes...
I forgot how long mass transit takes.
Quick Daily Survey: Who do Denver restaurants use for their accounting? CPAs, Managers or Quicken?
yes, I'm watching! Yes we can!
I mean an he a dumbass for even posting that on there like I would never have the thought to even t Post sumthing like that
The division leaders get the top 3 spots.
Ching looks so much better without that beard. So glad that stadium got built, ! :D
Racism is simply a pretense. The truth is that we are all madly in love with one another.
Obama backtracks on Catholic issue. Sounds like semantics in his speech.
For 2 tix to the game today: What #Cavs record did set in Jan of this yr, & on what date did he set it? (be descriptive)
Come on, Crew!!! Focus n let's win this one!!! Stressful game....SMH!!!
This Grizzlies Vs Clippers score can't be real...
That freestyle you did on Loui pg tho. OMG! >>>>>>>>
looking forward to seeing you at ! xoxo
Whether you're celebrating graduation, Cinco de Mayo, the Derby, or just another Saturday -- Remember to play it safe, party animals!
Too many things to choose. Text me before you come and we'll send you some of my fave's! Kobe sliders and tuna poke r up there
oh hang in there, waiting is poetry, if you do it right
tortilla soup at Frontier, pizza and beer at Saggios, I'm so glad to be back, especially after a 2500 miles drive
Only if I have dark-rimmed B/C glasses to move this campaign forward.
Guess whos not Going to sleep Till 12 again cause she procrastinates to much THIS GIRL :/
During parking lot road head be cautious of speed humps.
My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed.
Congrats to all the teams great to meet awesome ppl! Shout out to the man ! Thanks 2 him & organizers
lol my bad broski, at least I made it look bad ass
RT : Love today, forget yesterday and believe in a better tomorrow.
Get ready for the update video tomorrow! We have great news to announce.
I'm just confused-- the world knows that women are people too? Sometimes it seems like no. And eff Rush.
I'm back on the path of exercise! It's summer again =) time to shed those winter pounds and jiggles!
U can't save ur due wen ur due is dead! -theajzone
>>since replacing our old windows (thanks to a Reduce Your Use Grant from the PNM Fund), we've seen nearly a 3% reduction in kWh use!
Christianity needs a "Jack Hanna" type tv show to help kids learn not only about bible but all the missions and outreach around world
i just unfollowed alot ppl now my twitter messing up, well they wasn't following me bck
So far gone -j boog
Congrats to Sarah Peckenpaugh for winning our Academy Awards Contest & a $100 Eat Out In Gift Certificate! Thanks to all who entered.
I need clear clear skin tips!
I tweeted too fast....
you met Haden?? I'm very jealous right now.
C U soon! #ChopInspiration Twitter party w at 7p ET! Win prize packs including coupons & new Weber grills!
that is great! Thanx
ah, but did you evolve wanting to do that?
I just love getting hot guy's numberrs! Lol, :)
How is #Evernote better than other social media? Seems very similar to several.
they look good!
I wanna beat the pussy up up up up
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! (':
Some people look so dirty.
Don't you mean Nancy DruPaul? :)
the flyer says 8 but I'm driving straight up after class, why don't you come to the one tomorrow at respects its closer
Hate the new bobby.
: thank u for following me, I'll follow u too.have a good day.
OXY MO: MUTED SOUND
welcome back we missed you:)
is that a serious question or a Sting and The Police reference?
I would think the advertisers would need to do an ad that was actually engaging in the first place to engage in return.
I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted.
yeah but how quick does Giroux go skate, stick, five-hole... I agree, but Claude is filthy. Bryzgalov is not so good.
Omg Jocelyn is always taking off her diapers and leaving them everywhere!
thanks for having us last night! You guys killed it!!
Fighting the urge to text you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Not till Monday! You might have to schlep out to Hillcrest for one before it's too late :P
where are you currently living?!?!
Kick ass! “: About to be on with my peeps from WOOT! #ThePitchFKM”
Colosus is the hottest rapper in Miami. If you haven't heard him, please check him out.
We have no air conditioning. It's 90 degrees. Pleasant.
A 5yr old told me tonight that I need to work at a grocery store so I can make tons of money:)
Marcia Clark is here!
I spy at #CovertTU!
If you can't understand someone's side of things. It's this simple. Just put yourself in their shoes...
I'm so excited! I have no idea what this means!
makes me cry sometime with the things he do to me <U+E411>
Anytime you want to meet me (aka ) I'm all yours. Until then....
I hope this is our Wendy <3
if you have a Google account...Blogger - another one is Tumblr...but is a bit more advanced.
it doesn't take very much.
Attn PDX people: come to valentines tonight!. Dj friends wit skills. By voodoo donuts on burnside
(2/2) Blue Chip winners con't: , Ali Donohue, and Maggie Kimball. Congrats!
It sounds good when you turn it up loud
And yet I would have thought if you're watching on NFLN, you probably already know about games on Thursday nights.
But in this volatile GOP race, we've been here before
you know the Rox r bad when the hometown announcer says no one on team is deserving of all-star appearance
I've been eating WAY too much celery lately
Shorten periods :)
Vodka from the bottle. It's that kind of night.
Aww. Ur awesome. Talk to you later bro.
I'm glad she has responded to you. I agree that you should not vote for Shade.
Dang thats Scandales ! (: any whoo Girl watch me get some jeff When i see them ! (: lmfaooooo but umm what prince say?
It's just the fact that you walk away like you just don't care man, w/ a big ass smirk on yo' face. -_-
Lol you are not 5'4! Im only 5'2 and we were like the same height
#followalibrarian because she's saucy.
The start of my week begins today! Oh baby here comes the Masters!!
i got my hair cut like 8 weeks ago - but i'm addicted to the Aveda smells. :)
We will be at tomorrow launching our first kbc affiliate that is a first crossfit and functional training center! First of many
discusses #TextsFromHillary and that only she and the United States can get away with it
Who can you trust if not yourself
loved you on The Middle but miss you on GLEE!!!
DNA of the #scratch game? Giving credits to our influences #dml2012 say something nice! They will say it to you
Air conditioning in mid-March? Just can't do it,
Cant wait on this natural hair man
French Meetup tonight!
Yes, there are a lot of ads. Companies pay millions for those commercials.
Is in the mood for justice.
Everybody follow NOW lol
welcome back
you are EVIL!!!!
Great PT Alumni event tonight! Great to see my old PT, who taught me how to walk again 8yrs ago, Mike Vito and meet 100 more alums
At the cowboys game GO COWBOYS
Why is this nigga's shirt so tight??? Lol
Decided I'm going to make a 13x18 print of a hubble photo tonight. Haven't decided which one.
tis true. I had a dream me and you took a picturein the mirror,wearing bandanas and captioning the picture"bout to work out"
<3 i don't understand why people like me. but i love you and this is my valentines day status. thanks for being there and loving me,ily2!<3
Start small, pick a measure that is relevant and make sure to tell everyone about your successes.
i really need to talk to Destosaur and Coley!!
copyright shmopyright... I'll get this remix posted again ASAP.
Thank you as well!
What, you mean you don't like The Hills theme song?
RT ": ain't said shit since he said the heat was straight. Hahahahahahha"
Just had lunch on an outdoor terrace. In the warm sunshine. In Seattle. In February. Amazing.
I have absolutely nothing to say. There I said it!
It's only bc I have a great trainer :) RT That's what we like to hear!
I wish at the soccer game right now
Thanks for RT & email! Will be in touch with more info. : )
"Mom! Is it morning? I thought the night skipped a little bit." Me too, son. Me too.
yeah it was hissing at me so i hissed back and it came after me. Its fucking crazy
To anyone that has tried to buy Clay's CD from www.claymcclinton.com and got an error message PLEASE TRY AGAIN. The issue has been fixed.
The last hair cut I got was Dec 2000..until tonight that is
Jlo has such a nice body for an old broad
get it get it get gurl <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A7> haha
Someone hacked my account. Sorry about that
One bad ass----- can spoil the whole bunch. ;)
its fruity its so fruity
Tough, but Duke just choked (no thanks to refs) so I'll trade the unfortunate for jubilance! That's
your Transformers 3D review on the podcast is spot on.
Yes!>>RT : Truth RT : Discipline from fitness spills over in to every aspect of your life.
Stoked to talk #socialcrm with the #socialsjsu tonight. Thanks for having me and ping me with any questions here!
Pick up your yellow coupon book at any participating store and start saving today! Spend $50 at any Maui Mall and receive a FREE gift!
I guess we should say "au revoir" to Sarkozy. Socialist candidate Hollande wins election.
Thank you Americas community center for your invitation, great audience and participation
#MLBTVme It has to be the kiss cam, the wave is just a sign of fan boredom and should be banned!
you're not allowed to be having fun in class!!! lol!
when your trying to be serious and you laugh.
Jeter's performance yesterday was no fluke. His swings looks good and the balls he hit were with authority. He's found it again
its makin me mad and i aint even playin nor are they my team
Alternative energy sources reduce the volatility of energy prices by weakening the link between electricity and oil prices.
Haha I'm feeling better, how are you doing?
he looks ready to party. or like he did last night and is regretting it today...
do you think you got robbed of a 2nd homer last night. From where I was sitting 3rd baseline i never lost site behind the pole
Did you see our interview with in ?
Had a great time a Genghis Cohen tonight! Saw enjoying some Chinese food. Come check out the show next time Bill!
did you see it?
i love thunderstorms. :)
citrus and pomegranate green tea :)
Marino? Farve? Young? Aikmen? Montana? Trust me, I am not basing this on my opinion or emotion, but history, stats, facts.
my biggest fear is to not live up to my moms expectations
if you're lost and you're tiree, if you brokn in two, let my love take you higher cause I still turn to you.
seriousness going on..
Last night was amazing!!! Tavoria showed up and showed out!!! I hope y'all are ready.
going to dinner at 7... Maybe printers alley after???
the shade of it all, im sure that will be a rule next year no phone calls to kicked off members
Apparently the climate in Richmond is pretty ideal for long-term storage of books; they chose it over other places (e.g. desert)
Its more of an optical illusion standing next to Eli.
indeed bruh we are the Trailblazers
is there a workshop tonight?!
One day im gonna look #YOLO right in the face a say .... Screw u My friends r crazy
Cultural-heritage peeps! Making a wordle of fave Twitter tools/apps for AAM talk, what's yours?
Headed To a Chelsea Studio in NYC to shoot the upcoming MOTIONLESS IN WHITE's music video in which I will be a Roman Warrior.
Well, I was thinking you could take her to the beach and demonstrate Sensa-free danceability, but that's good, too.
I barely lost.lol
Wow a cool breezy night in Dallas, I'm feelin something in the air.
Katy Tackett / - see you soon.
great examples, but where's Founder's Hall, Girard College Phila., PA?
& Thanks for including Ss in the Nobel Laureate summit today. It brought our class to life.
wait, make you a bicycle or a clown? use commas woman!
"Our choice is between the politically dangerous, and the politically spineless".......-Cornel West
get that swine. Yum
Guys who play the drums with gloves on...Suspicious.
Hi Rosie Gary Schaeffer here. I am doing a new Outer Space Men Graphic novel; would you like to be in it? enjoy the summer, Gary.
Built a list of "I should've seen these movies by now" movies. Starts tonight with The Graduate.
Saw 5 troopers on 52 this morning...Yup patrol is definitely ramped up today!
oh my goodness u done got sexier..i mean u looked gud beforre now i just gorgeous
Best Chef MidAtlantic is - Honor Latino!!
I took a minus, now the hard times are behind us, turned it to a plus..
American Asshole represent in this one. HA, LOVE!
AND a light light light pink bandanna too.
Flying to #SanFrancisco to shoot news footage for www.counsyl.com .
great seeing you both as well! Hope you enjoyed...bringing the beard back real soon! Feels weird.
Postcard from Raleigh Diocese telling me to vote for Amendment 1. Money well spent, Church. No need to feed hungry. (Never going back, pt 2)
Our likes are at an unlucky number! Somebody else like our band! lol
RT : This is my first mother's day as a stepmama. And the kids don't even hate me yet! [obviously you're not doing it right LOL]
applied for three jobs today.
Visiting the home town and doing some work and seeing some of la familia at the famous El Rancho Grande
it's true! Makes the world go round lol
David Simon says if crime drops by 20% all along the east coast, it's not because all the mayors figured it out, it's a switch to heroin.
Happy Easter!!! Hope you're having an awesome day today :)
PLAESE PLEASE PLEASE MAKE ME SMILE ¿¡¿¡¿ Ari I would exlpode:-)
There's something tragic about advocating for less drinking but....yes
Ugh back 2 the work :-(
It helps to just sit back and listen
I did 5 new estimates this week, I am doing 10 next week, one could be for you!!
she was drinking a leinekugels in a Heineken plastic cup? Very classy.
WHERE U GO TO SCHOOL AT?
If #labor hopes to reignite youth activism in the movement, digital outreach and fundraising can't be seen as a line-item investment
dare you to move. <3
Not even the one in Lake George or Disney World?
I love the sci-fi channel, but some of the movies are so stupid.
Go to iTunes and get album #TabloidTruth. While ur there cop the single ft
C'mon Vernon. Act like you've been there, because you have.
Today’s big surprise – this script is funny!
doing everything we can to be better twitter friends... so HEY! THANKS FOR RAGING LAST NIGHT!
James Cameron backwards!
R u watching raw tonight ?
I thoroughly enjoyed reading Mr. Holmes' recent memoir of your early acquaintance and eagerly anticipate PIRA!
I met this weekend at Icon studios in ATL real, real cool.
Rest in Peace to Junior Seau. My heart aches for his mother. He was a great athlete in the NFL.
enjoying a beautiful morning with india.arie
Anyone have any experience working in a student union (operations)? What can you tell me about it?
"I'm Always In Lau" - Wilco
-- Beanie and Wells made the top 16
yes. Sigh. At least it's to a cool city. Not as cool as NYC. ;)
Let's hope not!!! RT From experience? RT : Dating someone in your ward is like peeing in a pool....
im taking it that u took my advice ehhhh;)
Thanks. Shouldn't you be in a golf course?
don't ask me any questions you don't want to hear the answers to...
thank you so much! I'm really happy you are enjoying it
Aw thanks Jamie, you too! To be honest I am counting down the days till June 14. When do you move? We should meet beforehand
MT : : Source close to #WVU's coaching staff on DC Jeff Casteel: "He's gone."
I wanna make love.(:
"The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination." - Tommy Lasorda
let me figure out my sched & I'll let you know. ( cc )
YOUR MY DEVIL, YOUR MY ANGEL, YOUR MY HEAVEN, YOUR MY HELL, YOUR MY NOW, YOUR MY FOREVER
Gifted children, accompanied by a multitude of performers, sing, dance and drum to the beat of Langston Hughes' song-play this Dec. 17-19.
I told my doctor I get very tired when I go on a diet, so he gave me pep pills. Know what happened? I ate faster. —– Joe E. Lewis
Theres a song that goes ''i dont want this nite to end'' but today ''i dont want this DAY to end!! D': RememberTrust
I hope Apple accelerates opening use of siri to medical education beyond Wolfram collaboration; great potential good
Blessed is the man who always fears the LORD, but he who hardens his heart falls into trouble. Proverbs 28:14
In a good mood. I really want to learn more about all the military branches. Wished I could join the navy.
": " the most fun we ever had was during the downpour when Smarty Jones won
Going to NY in August
Haha you are very funny :)
Couldn't agree with you more.
Not heard anything about the video I sent in last week.
Please do come visit us at the #WPSA book exhibit (3/22-25), as we'll have a selection of new books in international political science.
Cannot wait to see your face again tomorrow night...
who's the first driver to go out on slicks?
Ohh, , I guess my 100 votes, 2 downloads, and 10 online votes was only good enough for 3rd place. :( You're still 1st in my book<3
40 fashion students who designin all my merchandise. & she hella shallow damn, she could be my perfect wife. this is for my hos
Yes! has the right idea.
So you needed my gold high tops?
Thank you and same to you. Hope we can help support your cause in some way.
"If two of you on earth agree about anything you ask for, it will be done for you by my Farther in heaven." Matthew 18:19
New icon <U+2665>
it was an #awesome message tonight at #epic! Well done!
Former Tabloid Boss Brooks Faces Phone Hacking Charges
At Cesar Chavez Foundation dinner w/ Si Se Puede Learning Center, which helps K-6 graders living in
you know there is an only 2hrs away from LaX, right? RT : I just had a salad. A SALAD!!! I haven't had a cheeseburger...
Thank you for the RT! I've moved so many times I don't know if it's fun or depressing!
sweet. The good stuff lol
J-Ham just went yard again..
I put on my new shoes today. ugh, the rain ruined them :(
Did you get a chance to see Eli on SNL yet??
Today's affirmation: Each day I am moving towards my highest potential.
What's good O
lost another chance at a job 'cause I can't drive
When nothing never goes as u plan it
"This was the Iraqi situation. You entertained. With an AK47. You slept. With an AK47." - On pushing media policy reform in Iraq.
Freshmen and seniors, be sure to fill out your NSSE survey for the chance to win iPads, giftcards, and glow-in-the-dark Naz t-shirts!
Miami Dolphins Super Bowl odds went from 30/1 to 60/1. Denver Broncos now 6/1 only behind Green Bay Packers.
4 those who Dm re list. I have list if what my daughter eats but just wondered if anyone had found new items at the major grocery stores.
Just finished putting together BLVD prize packs for tonights party at Come by and stay a while for a chance to win!
"Remember the past"
BURGER NIGHT AND TUESDAY TALK w/ and <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
Mrs skannitto in studio now! Next show Oct 8 th
Use your head, and follow your heart.
Ford continues to make inroads into alt-fuel vehicles
Put me on g!RT : THE PINEAPPLE IS DOPE TOO G !!!
Aw! I miss you too pooh.
been hittin u up about the footage. I really need to get my hands on some of that footage so I can move fwrd w/ my reel.
Apple has put out a press release saying iOS 4
What does "to be fair" mean? FWIW, I don't mind being an etcetera.
Reallyy wish I didn't have to work today.
if you don't ditch me again... It's been like a month
Thank YOU
Adding Happiness to all the Mother's Day wishes...It is mothers that give us life...thanks.
watching Hunger Games in biology....lol
Hi from We met at Loukoumis Celebrity Cookbook event. Good to C U and I will post the photo soon.
I just Scrabble-scored on your wife using "Coxes."
yikes, sorry to hear that. That's why I lock mine 20 different ways.
"anonymity" good point
oh it ok p.s you like justin.b?
Just finished work :)
I'd like to submit a Tweet tagline: "Moments Matter."
“: When you try to look out side of the Bible for answers you are wasting your life failing. #atheist #TeamJesus” lie
I love it when my coworkers come to work hungover like a mofo cuz they be cracking me up! Which burns calories :) LOL
The beach... A long road trip... Overseas with friends? What's the best vacation you've ever taken? Leave us a comment right now!
is planning an on air interpretive dance
You're lucky you can get on Pottermore!
Shake of the Month: The Grasshopper - Mint Shake with Chocolate Cookie Bits. And yes, it's that good.
Just saw a commercial with Dylan and Cole Sprouse or what ever then I saw Belle Throne omg what is happening!?!?-Kelly
One hour after I saw videos, I made this account :P
my arm is fucked up. i hate that damn horse i swear what a bitch
lets go get drinks
text me, my phone broke
Everything is funnier when you're not allowed to laugh.
A 2000 foot leaking fuel pipe needs to be removed from the MKE airport. Exclusive details 10pm
You are so awesome! Thanks for the RT...I thought it was a great article...and was honored to be quoted in it. :)
Terminology lesson: A POD of whales, a HERD of cattle, a PRIDE of lions... and a MURDER of children.
If you dont believe in God then you never had Entenmanns chocolate frosted Donuts. Cause that sh!ts heavenly. Note to self:dont say heavenly
Jimmy Graham just aggravated his slight concussion.
Oops wrong The pic still rocks tho.
#iLoveWhenYou nibble my neck ;)
and its never sad when this films on x
This Saturday help by leaving a bag of food near your mailbox for your letter carrier to collect.
It was a wonderful sunny day in Santa Fe. I spent it hanging around with and Mo, just enjoying the day, no more no less
My brother asked me who I wanted to see at Rockin' Roots and I said OM&M and PTV and he said "Gayer & gayer". I'll fucking punch you Jess<3
Just went in on this disrespectful lil shit lol
What is your favorite theatre superstition?
Saw an old man loudly singing Def Leppard's "Photograph" on the bus. Not only are bus riders crazy, they also have bad taste in music.
Ohio City is the place to be on a great Saturday night like this!
Dear Summer, Please Slow Down !! Cant Believe It's The Last Week Of Summer !! :'(
Do ya thang bro!!
RT : I think my birthday present to myself this year is going to be a bottle of the Dark Side Of The Moon cab.
You were just recommended by Rob Thomas. How awesome is that. Good luck with your wonderful organization.
Gotta go with THE KID on that one. Comical and sentimental at the same time.
Watching some Texas Rangers baseball
I got a haircut and don't entirely hate it. Maybe God is real.
Just finished getting ready for the VMA's. I looooveeeee my outfit! Getting ready for a crazy night (;
Thanks for the RT! Do you have any to add to the list?
That, and opportunities.
And a tasty cinnabon cinnamon roll
Really thought for a moment you had a luminous, glow-pulsating rodent pet. Best Tweet Misunderstanding EVAH.
~ Preach! Time is so precious and every minute should be spent pursuing our God given passions and talents.
help! I lost the cap to my heel on the way to work today and no chance to get it fixed before needing to walk somewhere...
In Somerville with
Occupy. Inside. Out.
hey thanks for the follow +VP
welcome to #Patsnation ...you next to Mayo is gonna be one of a helluva thing to watch every week.
RT : There is no kindness greater than opening your house to strangers, and having them leave as friends.
And guess what? Its box wine too hahaha. We'll have to do this whenever I get out to Austin! Miss you
blimey ears burning this morning. xx.
I have low self esteem, and terrible habits.
something wrong with tht right. I love you boo :-* and thanx again.Bad! Bahahaha
Gotta make the swing up to Watertown.
I feel ya lol
I need a movie to put on.
need to talk to you about training. Please be in touch.
United Airlines? RT : United ruins guitars.
beautiful day. taking care of some spring cleaning, bumping some #Nujabes ... Catching some shows tonight after rehearsal
U of Illinois has a nice summary of what the considered when designing their mobile optimized site. #casev nice job.
Going out w/my coworkers seemed like a great idea last night. This morning not so much.
i miss you...
I'm pretty sure that homemade chocolate chip cookies are what's for dinner. What?
: Would you be able to be an impartial juror in the George Zimmerman trial? ^no *denied* ...lol
By using Twitter.
hey hipster <3
Damn! Rondo pass to Hollins just smooth!
The LibGuides template session talked about embedding Twitter.
glad you are enjoying it and we appreciate the RTs! Have a great Friday!
hm...maybe the other way around
ok Ez hit me with a few link to son video up to 5000 view
Buwahahahha. I have all A's and B's and my little sister has an F.
have you taken 463: Marketing Management or 469: Marketing Internship? I'm considering taking them over summer
Don’t judge my choices if you don’t understand my reasons !
I appreciate you worrying tho.
hope any girl who this happens to this will help cuzz stevan is just 1 of them so watch out cuzz he mite be come 4 u next!!!
Is it still being stupid? Lol a lil, nothing serious. SORRY FOR THE LATE REPLY BTW. how have you been? :]
I liked it...but needed something more. Don't know what....
nah, just the truth. Kids these days are making today's world look like trash.
Better go delete your Instagram account too …. they just got bought by FB.
Old Thinking + Old Habits + Short Term Viewpoint = Predictable Consequences;
is retiring?!?! Did he not get the memo that we are winning the Super Bowl this year? <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
why do hangovers last all day when your over 30?
Layin down wit a killer who thinks he's a lover may be bad for your health. Maybe not
that's a lot of what I do.
Good luck!
What on earth did i think about all the time before you ?(;
I just noticed your twitter name xD P.s I have sausage jr on here lol
Man it felt good to get back in the gym and put up shots. Just like the old days in the ville and the dub.
Next Thursday- no matter what happens- there will be yoga! We can't wait!
they don't have it
okay i know that we don't really talk much anymore, but i just wanted you to know that you matter to so many people& just because
Help spread the word about all the info for Miami Hamilton baseball scores and stats.
<<< Thanks for the
The man who gives little with a smile gives more than the man who gives much with a frown. -Yiddish Proverb
Master beats the student, great game
going to skool tomorrow [:
Some things really do make me mad.
I'll keep my head up and smile, just because I know you want to see me fall
As you see fit
Look for details about our Junior Clinic presented by and hosted by on 7/13 at #PumpkinRidgeGolfCourse by going to...
Decided that I'm going to take a full rest day. Legs are getting progressively more sore throughout the day. Back on the grind tomorrow AM.
hahahha you creep :)
Not sure how to start when cold-calling folks for interviews. Usually: "HELLO I'M FROM THE NEWS WHATEVER YOU SAY WILL BE INDEXED BY GOOGLE"
What the world need now is love
Props to the first post-game recap that calls this final score "deceiving."
Happy Mothers Day . <U+E32D>
congrats to you for winning the "two weeks with a crusty sock on your head" award.
It's an instinct, which makes it rather elusive
So happy no school tomorrow. :-)
whoops. thanks for the correction!
RT - First Concert! Was it at #bankatlanticcenter?
Wrote a couple of new tunes last night. Real party anthem material.
Great #iPad presentation at #NPMUG last month. Now can you squeeze 6 hour presentation into 2 hours? #iPad2 ;)
Saying thank you is more than good manners. It is good spirituality. Alfred Painter
And the award for most awkward interview from a movie star goes to .... Kristen Stewart!
I'M SO DOWN-_-
why do i still love you? fml.
Sir Charles on SNL tonight....That's TERible1
pick your poison, I got you.
I am done with my last final and I am now a senior.
I misheard the TV guys. I thought they said Sveum had three arms left.
nice my man was about time:-))
Thanks! This is a great discussion starter.
Do they still exist?RT : “: Half of my TL OKC fans O_o” And have never heard of the Seattle Supersonics. SMH
I smell cover appearance.
On the way home.Chicago was great but da Bears traffic was not.
": It's best to tan on a SUNday :D hahaha lmao I'm too funny" lol I havnt heard that one before! XD
Very Vera Wrong Wang we don't glove you anymore.
I think tonight we need to drink out the hookah
15 Minute Dinners Don't let time constraints keep you from putting a nice, healthy home-cooked meal on the table for your family. With th
“: 85. Being replaced is worse than any kind of break up.”
The office is buzzing - first design meeting for the Maryland 9/11 Memorial. More on the process to be posted soon.
4 GIGS DWN & 3 TO GO!!!! AWESOME NIGHT TNGHT, S/O 2 ALL WHO CAME OUT, TIME 4 SUM SHUT EYE, GOODNIGHT PEEPS!!!
Whoa. Xtina forgot her pants tonight.
It amazes me when I meet someone who is in the PR field in LA who IS NOT on
Planned yours? RT : #cashmob a flashmob burst of organized consumerism 2 drive small biz growth
Writing session with Bryan Austin:))
totally agree...can't complain if you don't take advantage.start transition out 1st day you begin
Yes reached over 300 follows! Thank you followers x
Also on #lunch special thru Friday: Italian Sausage & Mushroom Calzone and Crispy Fried Top Sirloin w/ Mashers & Gravy
Thanks! always does a bang up job with the Hannah Vogel covers!
amaazing patton shots you got there.
maybe schedule the vote for during a major snowstorm.
Lets go !! My boy #TomBrady is about to do his best #DanielDayLewis impression... Sorry
Essential Festival supplies (candy, treats and toys) just arrived today from former #sourcefest producer Jessie Gallogly.
Opening long term position in XOM, scaling into it over the next 4 weeks.
Gn. Sad n tired
Tie over a branch. He survived but the second time he hung himself with a belt. Carl Robertshaw 13 hung himself. Nathaniel Pritchard hung
About to be a guest speaker in a consultation in psychology class at the University of Denver.
Twitter is now my only means of social networking.
I never get tired of The Green Mile. One of Stephen King's best works!
ill only bring it if there is a ZERO chance of rain
Well, heck, I must, my name must be nobody, because I like you xD lmao, cheesy as fuck, i know.
We are located in Indianapolis, IN
no doubt
Could someone please bring me a blanket and some hot cocoa? Great, thanks.
i really, really hate myself.
Great lunch meeting and walking @ little tokyo sipping honey green tea from Ozero.
Check out my melody.
Just submitted the first Zimbo production The Little White Bird to a festival.
You're right about these links. Really pisses me off. I didn't know they were putting their stupid advertising links up.
oh no lol
Thanks for noticing!
It's $49. Next week is week 3, so I will prorate it for you. Give me a call 414-364-0181 and I'll get you signed up. Thanks
Good morning. Have a great day :-)
Whats your favorite holiday.??? :D
RT : Did you know that "Dammit I'm Mad" spelled backwards is "Dammit I'm Mad”
you know it! Sketchy camps here we come!
The Dictator looks like its going to be Aladeen.
Listening in on "6 Rules for Content Marketing with Webinar Programs"
Finished my online Application to UTEP for my Masters Degree.
Watching "My So Called Life." So. Much. Plaid.
1st party just got shut down ): now off to the 2nd party. Going to twerk it up! Hahahaha.
Jk I just strongly dislike you.....
How many people would turn down talking 2 MUFC 4 vacant mgr job?
Little Bit Country free concert Thurs. Sept. 15 at The Paramount to benefit Special Olympics at 7pm
welcome to the neighborhood!
Definitely. C-Pete was going to set up something up. Admiral, Alaska or Morgan Junction?
Santa Claus has the right idea. Visit people once a year. ~ Victor Borge
He fell in love with the #Baltimore Police Department after living a relatively sheltered life. Born and raises in the city. Maj Russell
dont wear child clothes I yea mens or young mmens clothes tho
#BandsILove Senses fail, the wonder years, brand new, taking back sunday, the doors
let's goo
#nowplaying - Eye Know - de la soul
came home tonite to see the husband had put up all the fun, summer party patio lighting. i am redz to bbq!!
"Never, never rest contented with any circle of ideas, but always be certain that a wider one is still possible." Pearl Mae Bailey
I wish I could sleep.
just downloaded "need to understand", love finding new music. thanks!
#ireallywant to curse..but its nearly impossible for it to come outta my mouth
I have been saying this country needs to fix our education. We are falling WAY behind.
Big boos for the #NDAA #sopa at
well if it's a really funny one I might be willing to let it slide..as long as it's on twitter and not facebook...lol
I cant wait no more till May 15 but it so gonna be worth it , ,
Catch us #tonight at Kitchen 305 in Sunny Isles #Miami #Florida. Complimentary shoe shines from 8:30-10:30PM 2-4-1 drinks and appetizers!
Heading to lunch, but I'm treating it as brunch - that means I'm drinking
What the fuck, Grey's Anatomy!
I'm hesitant to take a shower in fear that I might fall asleep and drown in there.
When you all leave the exile and return to the Land you'll have a right to say something, otherwise like foreigners.
Im in a goofy mood this morning & I like it. Maybe it's bc I'm done w this mutha luvin semester, maybe it's the Starbucks #maybeitsboth!
Great old theater! We stayed @ hotel across the street for TX Historical Assoc meeting. Plaza was closed then, alas.
Dates & schedule for PPC Aruba II coming soon
So, about 3 hours 'till I get to watch the #bruins get slapped around some more. Shall I live tweet it for you?
Happy earth day
"And a nigga told a joke... and the chickens didn't laugh..."
When people speak about their #pets, they're actually speaking about themselves.Listen carefully & you can learn much about your new friends
If only you knew
Starbucks drive thru not as nuts as I expected. Just had a nice fight tryin to let someone cut in. She declined.
is that the tropical depression over there too? maybe that's what the pilot should be called....Tropical Depression
hang in there Brian! Catch some Packer TC up the road from the Apple-town. I am sure crutches won't be a prob.Get well soon!
#Read it and weep, Pens!
Ahhahahah.. I've seen the most funniest thing i've ever seen in my entire life
lol well I understand a lot u just haven't talked to me :p
how you gonna do that to good ol' Jobby?
lol ik it's bs and your my BFF I trust what you think:)
Ready to get my drink on with and
Can't sleep. Blah.
ok , ill see you tomorrow :0
Oh I am SO with you this week!
A pigeon is trapped under the netting on the platform at the Tarrytown Metro North station. It's lain two eggs and is cooing for help.
tomorrow is our First Friday! Snacks, drinks and sales from 6-9pm! drop by and get 10% off the whole store plus 50% all outerwear!
Goin to the mall!!! I'm wearing my Dance Gavin Dance tee! Brightly colored like a Scene queen! :) <U+266A><U+2665>
Lol! When are you coming to Chicago?! Ya know, Chi is only 5 hours drive away from St. Louis :)
RT: “: Less than 500 followers to reach 10,000! Who will put us over? Stay up-to-date w/
SICK :( feeling miserable here
Happy Thanksgiving from PAEME!
What's going on 9/25...text me b/c i barely check this thing. I will miss something if you invite me thru twitter lol
like I said - Cubs + Marcum = home runS
I make $$$$ by Driving Traffic to my website ! I don't talk to people, sale any products or make any phone calls check it out bit.ly/ayFFcu
Thanks for the RT.
We r happy to support the arts! Can't imagine #MKE without them or u!
Saints have to play on Saturday because the BCS needs the Superdome to prep on Sunday
I'm sure he makes life easy for announcers and he is a Christian and real good guy and an excellent defensive coach, no HC
oh hi paige i made a new account cause my other one sucked.
Niggas be paying to open up for people don't believe the hype they lying
For all these people who don't care about the Oscars, a lot of them seem to be watching it.
You're welcome! Good luck.
Open field under the stars <3
Börner wishing that contemporary data mappers were as honest as early mapmakers about where there are gaps in their knowledge
3 games in a row... $75 mil and 3 mansions
Two kids on my lap listening to Wendy Carlos soundtrack to Clockwork Orange.
thanks, sponsors bit.ly/odcufi Still looking for more. Attendee registration is open as well bit.ly/oH0LAT.
Going to be in New England for July 4th. Socks play the Stankees July 6th. Def rockin' an O's jersey to Fenway!!!!
Had VIPs in my hand. Lost them. All because i have no credit card.....FLACKING COOL. -g
#ghettocrayolacolors Ashy brown
amazing. You prove Godwin's law in less than 140. Well done.
Psyched to see in The Bullseye Let me know if you want a review copy of
Excited for Friday. An entire "date day" with my favorite guy, on deck. ;-) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Laughing out loud because we all know Cody just saw every one of your freakout tweets about his lips. HAHAHA!<3
A concerned resident just asked me state for the record that I remain unaffiliated with the Harry Thomas Tea Party. Ready for fast change
I have a date with Hurricane Earl tonite. Im wearing a black dress and black boots. Hopefully he'll sweep me off my feet...
I've been in the mountains for less than a week and I'm already upset that someone has MY spot at the coffeehouse.
How were the #Kings an 8 seed?!
In the past 2 hours I've: finished a slide deck, been in a meeting w/ our CEO, and changed light bulbs
Predators again! Now time to watch that other Tennessee sports team. The Grizz.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
true. Persistence is the key in these matters. Blessing is that when we finally get there we are actually ready.
That awesome moment when the guy you like texts you.
Thanks to everyone who's entered so far! Have you entered to win $100 from yet?
¤ Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example. Francois de La Rochefoucauld
you're the bestest friend I have , even if I don't know you <3
just have a feeling tomorrows going to be fucked up
I did a wireframe in color today. Big mistake.
RT God says YES and gives you what you want, He says NO and gives you something better, or He says WAIT and gives you the best.
Don't think I'm expert enough to lecture but I'd love to sit in if you do Sudan. Mamdani should be great! You're teaching at UVA?
Staying focused avoiding distractions and unnecessary drama
I love that video! (: I love all their songs especially chasing the sun <3
and your future is very bright (:
I think the cavs fans are getting tired from booing. Too bad cuz it seemed to give the Heat more fire :)
Paper Trail "Raw War"
because we are fans of zendaya and Bella !!
How annoying to wake up with hiccups ...
on grandad haha , naw school n sports maintainin that future u kno
Is there a doctor in the Twitter?
I'll be there, w/ Von, Jack, Dre, and Holbeck...C U there Frat.
Merry christmas. And happy holidays
Just read a news headline about a rod being exposed for two hours...they talking about me and my weekend "dancing" gig??
It's official - 926 Main Street will be our address in about three months!
DWTS=Donald Wins The Show!
Good morning Twitter!!
You just gotta get a real job and call it a day. Hopefully in Denver
Wishing all of our fans and followers a very Happy Valentine's Day! Don't overdo it on the chocolates and candy hearts!!
What do you think was the hardest diss song to ever come out!? #hiphop #jadakiss or #50cent ? #icecube ?
omg the carrot cake!!! Also, omg I somehow ate $97 dollars worth of crab legs! Ha ha ha ha.
Just bought fiesta dip party tray. For a party you ask? Yep, my party of ONE! Muhahaaahahahahahaaaa!
The sad thing is that it doesn't even matter.
haha I LOVE OUTGOING PEOPLE. and you are. So i followed you. :)
Everybody didn't show up but we still having fun RT : Headed to the sip gotta turn up..
Suns out, guns out!
If I had a girl I'll tell her to give. Me some head RIGHT NOW!
so agreed! That's why I moved to vegas!
Alright, both of us. You think they're ready for AL this??
Lindsey what did you do to your cheeks girl!? not cute.
So much resume / job business today.
I was told my writing was new blood surging through the body of lit
settle down kid
to use game 3 as a rest game for Ray. Need him more next round than this one
well I'm just saying.
Just saw ANOTHER article picked up by Congrats - I swear - I'll read it very soon!
That is way cool! For $500 that is a steal. How far did you travel in it?
from what SEX
On my way to #startupVeterans - Today I'll be building Collectio - an online collection management tool for collectors of all kinds...
RT : Thank you to the coordinators of the for being so hospitable! Looking forward to future events!
Oh my jeezus. Heat, what are you doing?
'But you had to get the BIG salad!' -George Costanza
me im size 8 and i go to glades middle how much
Hey, is that really a fake, because I have his number lol, and me and him are talking right now
Broke Guy Lol
Impressive. Will GOP show us same indicators if they win office & promise to quit if not met after year 1?
“: Kanye is a genius. I'm glad I've been acknowledging that since 2001.”
Happy Easter!
I'm so hungry all the time..
You guys! Captain Von Trapp just won an #Oscar !!
RIM unveils BlackBerry 10 Dev Alpha device - SlashGear
not quite by 10... What's that, you meant the halftime score? Ok.
with muhh girl:)
Darkness she is all I see #sundaymorning <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I wonder if anybody cares about my tweets..
is a better start this week.....Maruqes Colston or Mike Williams??
Baby + I watching Avengers cartoon on DisneyXD during bottle. Hulk threw bad guy into river--baby pulls out bottle, waves, + sez, bah baaah!
Relaxing this evening..
; <---- always the villain, I ain't shit.
do you two have a celebrity couple name? Sculap? Kucott? Happy holidays Ty for all the hard work on the podcasts!!
(still not over it.)
"Young men know the rules, but old men know the exceptions." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Will you be blogging too??!!
YOUR ONE STOP SHOP TO BUY TABLES AT #IBIZA FRIDAY JUST CALL 202-200-7627 NOW
I seriously cannot wait for the weekend, this has been the longest week ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Disappointed in Priceline.com. Geniuses over there package flights to JFK from SD stopping in San Fran & Seattle- All for $500- what a deal
you still im NEWYORK?
Wish I knew half the people here on twitter. So much better than the people that I already know :p
u just now finding that out? I told u that 3years ago! what?
Got a 95 on my essay!
Get ready for the SuperMoon! The moon will go 'full' at its closest point to earth on Saturday at 11:35pm Eastern.
How is Rinaldo a tough guy? He is like 5'11" and 170.
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese. - Nick Cannon
my boyfriend is the sweetest <3
ewe is def my new favorite word lol
Did you win?
Bout to really get my tweets up
another week, another week with Steve in 3rd place.
My last tweet :) have fun with your new boyfriend, and I love you :)
"George and I have never been involved in hate." Oh really? Ri.dic.u.lous.
aww no problem!
Nothing like thumbing through rest. issue to bring your appetite back to life after 2 days of oj & chicken noode soup in bed.
Snow starting early in the morning? Should be interesting leaving the city tomorrow #njtransit don't let me down.
medium...not taco bell, but not Rosa either.
You gotta lick it before you stick it... Ah so true!
Ewww my post didn't post!!! Ugh! Ok first 6 people to tell me who sings Red Solo Cup, gets on our guest list... GO!
now bio exam...
I'm sorry! A physician's assistant-similar to a doc but w fewer privs, responsibilities, & way less school
I help talented independent artists get the exposure they deserve
Watch this space for 'go' or 'no go' for tomorrow's FREE outdoor show, 'Scaling the Mountain' @ Century Plaza. Fingers crossed for sunshine!
On WRTI FM Philly tonight talking bout The Colored Waiting Room w J Mike Harrison
Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
": Just because I don't talk about my problems, Doesn't mean they don't exist."
what is this
lol thanks, im joining this week so i can mete him here in Méx.
The best sights of life can't be captured by digital photographs.
It Took This Long For Me To Learn My Lesson.
Twitter may be the 2009 expression of ADD
not yet but fully intend to
I hope he has a meet and greet
hmm, right now we use the DA Atom feed to grab the description text so if it's not in there there's little we can do about it
where you headed in Indiana?
I don't think so. If he did he would understand that capitalism depends on imperialism.
looks like friggn Rocket Launchers on his shoulders.
“: Lmao hold up New Balances was the shit!!” not yours lol
I agree, keep up the great work guys!
I'm sad I missed you on tinychat today/: iloveyouthemost
I know, I crack me up too. And stuff.
I’m sorry, but even though bacon is tasty, I’d never order a “bacon milk shake.” Crazy. People are bizarre.
That my friends was the luck that accompanies being at the top of the league.
are you using app or desktop?
minka kelly or the hottie on Vampire Diaries!
u need a spot? I'll get karcher up there for ya!
Hey are you people following me back? I have to delete you if you not. Sorry but you not following me back puts a limit on who I can follow
The Game of Propaganda « TheRR9&#39;s Report
THANKS! And right back at U. Congrats on all ur success! BTW I'll be in Toronto screening a short film at June 23!
Relapse when I fuck wit Jameson
thanks for the follow! Come by for a waffle sometime!
ModynoOmahaNE thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
How do you get over awkwardness?
or for an unneccessary General Public tribute band.
TONIGHT. Night. Party. $10 pitchers of booze, and the 1st 3 people who mention this tweet get $5 tshirts!
I followed
surpassed our goal for the first annual fundraiser campaign. THANK YOU for your support, confidence, and generosity.
Give people what they want, not what they think they want. These are often different.
Way past my bedtime. Busy week ahead .
#aam2012 tweet of the day = tell "This Guy" to leave me alone!!!!
MS Qatar research - just 1% of parents have used internet controls
I don't live close enough. Sorry. This is gonna break me. I cried for like an hour because I did't go to playlist-live.
Are you interested in rumors and gossip? Why so?
We're seriously making hamburger helper right now lol ctfu
Thanks Robert:) #FF right back at you! Have a great weekend.
Its dumb when people post anonymous stuff bout someone on Twitter bout someone & how their stuff annoying obviously just unfollow the person
thats a good movie :)
The Center For Feminist Research announced that its 2012-13 New Directions in Feminist Research Seminar will include iMAP's Micha Cardenas!
Need to cool off? Enjoy a Freshly-prepares Chargrilled Chicken Fruit Salad at with a freshly squeezed Lemonade
perfect sense
fans unite! Vote 4 MIGGS' Girls & Boys video on MTVU. The more votes, the better: www.mtvu.com/category/music/the-freshmen
last night i went to an 80's & 90's club and they played mambo #5. thought of you.
I still dont understand why sulia. Why not tweet normal with a link to JS?
oh, that's rich.
Just so you both know I saw that! hahaha!
my eyes are getting heavy...i'm off to sleep. 'Night Jen san!
Willow!! I <U+2764> you. I am sorry I have not replied back. I have just have had some urgent personal matters that have come up.
I checked out your booth at the #PRWeekVTS! I love the virtual summit idea, very neat!
how can i get you to come and cook a pig dinner with us in milwaukee?
Brewed today: House and Day at the Beach (wish it was warm enough for the beach!!)
SAVE THE MALES! RT She is a shrill, emasculating, whiny harpy and my ladywife loves that show
Floor seats next to spike lee?
Successful night for ... broken phone, missing id and debit card.
U r right! I'll write 2morrow. I promise. :) RT : - Just FYI..."Writing" doesn't mean "Disappearing" !!
was one of the best talks I've heard in my life. He puts the "Genius" in the MacArthur Genius Award.
: yea, but how often do "men" follow THAT law???
Countdown to #RMAF 2011 Begins!!!! ROLL CALL! Who's comin, and with what Goodies????
Glitter is the herpes of craft supplies.
Sore throat :(
The people that I follow be having good tweets only late night .
Probably not. I'm working on something and I'm downloading a beard vector.
Can you lift weights while drinking white wine? I suspect you can.
tell her I said I wanted to start over & go slow ...
“: if this is the one in pond creek I found him” Murder?
@ I just want mine to come home so we can work it out.
Thanks for the follow.
Has everyone gotten the chance to check out our new band ? I'll be posting a song of theirs as a Song Of The Day later!
": #indy high was 84, breaking record from 1907 of 82. #inwx"- Wow! I hope we don't see triple digits for this year's 500!
Immature fix Toni and Tatiana necklace after this game
Your ego gets in the way of greatness, you arent a humbled athlete yet. Get it together and meet us in New Orleans
I know!
Selena Gomez's Gothic-Glam VMA Look: Love It or Hate It?
#Waystoimpressme: Play a musical instrument or enjoy hearing me play.
And that last tweet is likely all you need to catch you up! Hope you're well.
"I should be an iphone photographer! That's one great pic." - Random Person at The Table across the room
Do you anyone who will do Ender's Game for me? I hate it!
Hi There All chek out our new web site just launched www.tazzlighting.com
So y this dude say he was gone kill my kids & my mom cause i dont wanna fuck him? Wow really?
We like to LOL at AOL... Oh, wait...
yeah no kidding. Thanks for transferring and being wisconsin's 1st legit qb in a....forever
Dirty chai break, extra dirty!
Google Places is available for your Android phone.
In the next year or so, my signature will appear on 60 billion of United States currency. More important to me, however, is the
gosh yer nice
yo chris, no problem chris
gym at 1?
#AGirlJustWants a good man
Ugh. I'm so behind on my blog for #adrintro. Anyone else??
you know I am excellent as always. I have some big news coming up end of next week. :) soon!!
Spread the joy!!! Come in and bring a friend for Brazilian Waxing. 2 for $70!!!! ($30 Savings). Call today!!! 773-342-6333.
im trying :l
glad u like song its hot! Keep me posted if u want it 4 da guys My boy in LA produces 4 Diane Warren and may b a good look 4 MB
The New York Times Crossword in Gothic: Id Est
Odds and ends A couple of openings, a few charity dos, and some totally random notes.
Great day! Everyone is exhausted, but it was worth proud of my hubby , Michael, & his friend, Jeff. They both completed the Spartan race!
both crewed mived on
writing a blog post seems appropriate since you're in the press corps now.
: What if renames himself Neil Lennon 2012, does he get readmitted to the dug-out straight away?
'Bend and Snap!"
What's the deal with PayPal?
nice pic sexy follow back ma
ooh that sounds awesome.
If, and that's a big if, Murray gets this kind of protection consistently today, well, this just gets more interesting.
ISO: VIP tickets to ( still punching self for not buying them in december )
Oomf is way to gorgeous <33
Be sure to label everything clearly with your contact info and include your tracking number from withoutabox if applicable.
o! Natasha is the head of DocSouth -- should be fun. Say hi!
me either. they have retired & student. I should mention it to someone at alcts. $65 is more than our membership at non-sal.
Last night I had a dream that was explaining to me where to buy a sandwich.
Through 2 innings, there have been 23 baseballs used. There were 15 in the 1st.
hahaha aww thank you so much!
SOX: Middlebrooks had not hit a home run in his career before that game-tying grand slam. 5-5 in the 5th now from Fenway.
im so hungry...shouldve ate breakfast
wow, that's awesome. Can't put a price on something like that when it comes from the best.
Welcome to #SommChat everyone! Tell your friends to join us to learn from #Sommelier Daniel Johnnes !
tired of playing with real cards? :-)
Thank you for following
Daytona 500 - now THAT was an interesting race! Way to kick off the 2012 season!
RT : Great time at killing it! Our management team thanks your for the opportunity!
Old foe or new friend?--page update today at www.rocketrobinson.com
When things don't work, make strides to rearrange.
Always remember that I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me.
our ethnicity colors all of our decisions
...how young? We are open for an interview.
times are getting slower?
Bundling your CDs & t-shirts can put more money in your pocket. Doing it for bands for over 12 years.
are you auditing current content or planning future content?
A race in the Texas Hill Country would be beautiful! And hot and humid.
What you think ? My bankus accountus?
Happy New Year!!! Make it the BEST ever!!
Oh, YES! RT : Twitter is a great connection tool but a horrible relationship tool.
CNN confirms Arnold Palmer will stay at Orlando hospital overnight for evaluation, but that family & friends not worried. Just a precaution.
txt me? I might be in Indy today/tonight
And that's why they pay me the big bucks. The Internet's.
Dinner at mine this evening with #georgemichael , need help!!, how do I make kofte kebabs & what's the average width of a gloryhole?
Getting very excited for tonight's benefit for Midway Contemporary. I promise Falco, Dio and Devo in my set.
final speech at #sm4np about the work of nonprofits... spot on! We are selling happiness.
I'm Good For Texting People Back Hours Later .. Or Not Texting Back At All . *Shrugs*
Feminism is an entire world view or gestalt, not just a laundry list of women's issues. Charlotte Bunch
we have the best cab drivers in #detroit. second time ive been in one playing 'the hangover' and, two tv screens!
Dear , I miss you more than life.
somehow some way I will get u to follow the knicks. NY produces some things to enjoy ;-)
Now that I'm a working woman, my life is not quite as interesting as I'd like it to be. Boo
Whoa. Ran into a visual glitch that only happens in Firefox. That's a first. An actual error, not just a rendering difference.
I miss my babygirl so much *kisses*
sure thing
That is good to know about the support group! I need to find one in Texas...
u got my message?
“: Turn on NOW for the Season 2 premiere of with & #Ridiculousness”
That's not cool
#10FactsAboutMe 8. I have testing next week 9. I live in Kentucky 10. I want to meet Austin. Hopefully he comes to KY some time!
It's been cold and rainy and grey all day. Serious cocoa weather.
HOLY SHIT DESIGN YOR OWN GLOW IN THE DARK CONVERSE
Ask Jeff if he's as anal(no pun intended) in the bedroom as he is with his work.
If you have an iPhone, download the #LPGA app to follow the leaderboard for the
"maybe they overestimated themselves...they are good players..but it appears they made a bad decision"
love u buddy! Cheers!
Though abortion may sometimes be necessary, you cannot reasonably be anti animal creulty while saying it is ok to kill babies.
In n Out was calling my name. So I listened. :)
Watching #hustlerzambition on
cleaned up the twitter design! :D checkit. follow.
She said she was gonna give me the
Awesome/amazing response time from Tweeted w/ an issue and they replied back in 3 mins. Cool to see from a govt agency.
I got more #CrazyBill stories for ya :) today was eventful.I effing fear next meeting with him... Effing!
U know I am even if I have to sit on someone I'm coming to c u
You do NOT steal bases in the 17th. Guys are gassed. These managers should be put in purgatory
fuck no. he's mine. back the fuck off!!!
damn you internet, always distracting and ishhh
Yes sir. Ads are not required to use CityGrid Places...but make sure and learn about Places that Pay, and get paid to show place
You should..maybe not smoke anymore... "RT : RT : next year 4/20 needs to be on Friday 13th THAT WOULD BE AWESOME”
Thanks for the RT Adam! Appreciate the help to spread the word! :)
Happy 4th of July!!
YAY BREWERS! What a game!
Well, facebook made $0.23 today.
#researchpaper has officially ruined my weekend. Eewwwwwww
Finally I got my room looking like a damn room :)
us too!! “: Ahh, I love post long run leg soreness in the morning. :-)”
we will make this summer our bishhhhh #yaknow?
I wish we had a dollar theater nearby.
I'm a little tired of the overglorification of mothers, as if there is nothing important in life aside from procreating.
": Hate when i get soo mad that i start crying."
If I was going then yea haha
I'm disappointed no one caught my reference to the classic short story by Edgar Allen Poe. Aw well lol.
Oh no! come back, come back!
and you know this man. They don't call me the #ConnectKing for no reason lol. Call me around 8pm tonight.
So lucky to be so close! RT Bal Harbour is sick.Hands down Miami has the best shopping in the world & I've travelled ALOT
new work week.
RT : I'm going to break down why I think Dynamite by Taio Cruz is a successful pop song in today's world.
we have a commercial shoot tomorrow, which is really going to STINK if I have to miss it for jury duty.
hmm. I've been thinking of this all day. I feel like the intent should be YOU are among the best who gather.
Thank you for the mention, we have more pics on the article too :)
And New England loses next week because half the team will be suspended...
Could you see the Texans taking Joe Adams in 2 or 3? He screams playmaker and we need weapons.
Cool.... #justsayin Guys that cook totally rock. My hubby does not, but I knew that going in.
Would a sex-changed person who has a kid, possibly be called a transparent phahah I thought that one up on my own....
good morning sweetie how your day so far
Hoop tomorrow
What's Gucci my nigga?
Created a new odd-size marketing tool today. It's a beaut!
the amount of times I reorganize my apps and change my background is insane xD haha ocd much?
Counting down the days until the April 9th premier of
She be like " Bitch Hell no."
when will amazon mom reopen?
Happy Mother's Day, everyone!
to fly back to the UK or US?
yea i mean make plays when hes supposed too.
I know it's useless to complain about all these ridiculous sacrifice bunts, but I am going to explode. When will Roenicke learn?
Happy Neo Year!
You can reach us at !
thanks!! Hope u had a great weekend :))
Wassup man! mentioned you the other day.
soon coming my friend:) thx you, keep checkin back
Another day hard to work… but at least the #Giro stage video & my current text (Hodgkin, IV.8) happen to be about the same area.
I'm the only one drinking at noon on a Monday.
#Randomthought the niggas females went crazy over I never understood why they all lookd ugly af to me :/
Yea I kno I aint shit. We shoulda figured that out years ago.
Pregnancy 2.0 wants to build a database so that providers & future patients can mold the most optimized pregnancies |
So true! RT #FF the entire #DriveInMob and #TCMParty crews. Click on the hashtags and start following. You won't be sorry.
Your history is meant to guide your destiny ... not decide your destiny
Thank u lord for this beautiful day u have given me..amen
ehhp a little harsh?
San Antonio: Flash Flood Watch Tonight/Tomorrow. This week rain totals of 1 to 6". Today: Cloudy to p/cloudy, 20% chance of storms. high 93.
<U+266B> Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad. I missed you so, so bad.(:
Going to bed at 9:30...welcome to the Maine time zone...
also true in Storrs, Iowa City, Manhattan, Corvallis...
Let's go!
": My album, Who Is Brent Taylor? Coming son!"
my pleasure! Loved browsing your work - I'm a fan. :)
I need some shout out :)
no I emigrated to conquered nations.
always appreciated
: Never hurts to have the first be the best
THIS IS WHY I'M #WhiteTeam PURPLE TEAM CANT SPELL!!!
Thanks to my beautiful wife I'm celebrating my birthday in true Wisconsin style with a brandy old fashioned and a fish fry. So happy.
Taking medicine that knocks you out.
Loving that VH1 classic is running all old school MTV shows and promos.
$.59 hamburgers and $.79 cheeseburgers every Wednesday this summer!
. some of them might not be suitable for the masses! ;)
Wasn't it beautiful? I'm really missing being there!
they still don't follow me, and I baked them brownies! Haha
why do you often use twitter mobile? (refrained from abbreviated that, for obv reasons)
then there's one that says "I think she's trying to help us" that one gave me chills for some reason
lol ok! It's weird, I saw your profile picture and you looked like her! Man this is weird
Had a training plan my coworker gave me. Then we ran together most days, and teamed upto w/ a few others in our bootcamp.
Come back I think so
Had they been driving the dog would be in the car and the children on the roof.
All you can eat tacos start now. $4.50. Come on in to
Blah . i need plans .
Giddy up! Please get in touch with me with any questions. Psssst, EVERYONE BRITHDAY PARTY ROOSEVELT ISLAND!!!!
What did everyone think of Mad Men last night? We would have liked some more Peggy and a Betty Draper appearance!
Demons Run is so much better than the actual finale.
Not a problem I often have. =)
#LaVeem is such genius.
aw, omg who is that?! <3
CONGRATS to all 30 of our November 2011 Focus Graduates! Be. Do. Have.
17 hours till my paper is due. This is where it gets serious. Marketing, let's go.
"I have no alternative but to effect an embassy to Charleston through my friend Hill," he told Seward, who was aghast.
Sometimes caring too much can be your biggest weakness.
how are you? <3
Saw Tay get punk'd by JB! Lol Taylor is too cute! :)
I love out new church home
Come visit KBEM while you're here! Stop by and ask for Michele.
please please please follow me that took hard work and money!
I'm not a laker fan and that infuriates me. RT sessions and blake lineups infuriate me.
it better!! U can't let anybody else get him he's fucking adorable
what up stranger
OMFG hell yes!! :'D They'll wear some latex bikinis and pants ;)
I know you've been told to never say never. Both Of Us Remix
So sad to hear Hillman Curtis died. We had a great talk at web visions a few years ago about growing up in Grass Valley, CA. Huge loss.
AYE MAN EVERY ONE EATZ ON MY TEAM
RT : At the Skating Rink getting my groove on to old school music with Dj Citi...oh yeah
mind you, may just be a grumpy b, due to lack of food. Sigh, where's a cabana boy when you need one?
follow me . <3
Not true.
Thanks, for the follow!
I'm considering getting some ABAP skills in the near term. Seems like it would set me apart from the pack.
“: I feel to dressed up. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>”RTRTRTRT
Jeffrey Loria must be very happy. As long as Stephen Ross is around, he won't be the worst owner in South Florida.
Ideology is a form of illiteracy. Those addicted to it are unable to understand anything other than what fits their pattern.
I'll watch it with you!
I can fix that.<U+E022>
praise the lord.
Wow there is a farmers only dating site now
Money time
not yet.
Hangovers are better when you share them with someone.
No.... They're a private club who are allowed to do what they want.
thanks for following! Have a great weekend!
Have scratchy throat...want White. What to do???
CHRISTMAS IS IN THE EVEN ITS AUGUST!IN CANADA CHRISTMAS IS TRENDING BECAUSE OF CHRISTMAS PLANS!!!LoL
Saw a roadrunner and a coyote on this morning's walk. Yep. My life *is* like Looney Tunes.
plagiarism seems to be cultural artifact
completely incorrect. Coaching / program > talent. Butler prime example of a team that kept their kids and grew
Gotta weigh in on #chelseaclinton Awful. Not attractive. Not talented. NOT fit for prime time!
FINALLY trolled by one of nopants girl's 50 yr old followers.. Too funny.
Thank you for hosting us! We had a great time!
is the greatest! :) Miss you!!
Its such a great day to show your love for the arts...Please give to the RISD annual fund! <3 Deja I.D. 2014
Omg! Even the sims3 website is copying Twitter/Facebook
I hate facial piercings!!!
Hellz, yeah!! (we ain't afraid of no ghosts!) See to anchor "Ghostbusters" reference(s). Haha!!
BEST BOYFRIEND EVER. brings me food to work. <3
goin out tonight sling ding tuesdays!
yeah man
RT :"Librarian" friends: please consider "IT" fields as a valid career path. You and your trad. infosci training are very needed!
haha, okay! Goodnight. (:
Yes! It IS the dessert! “: Stop selling sweet wines as dessert. Sell sweet wine as everyday wine! #lts12”
Good Tuesday morning, Twitterverse. And Happy May Day! I hope your day is off to a great start.
I take my puppy everywhere with me. Is that weird?
you left that door WIDE open... :)
Let us know how the recipes turn out. Need to take that cookbook home, too.
We are so excited! RT: Performa 11 begins in 11 days!!!! Get excited!!!
Lil Wayne Concert yesterday was amazing!!!<3
~Denis Waitley~ We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them
Well, looks like Happy Valley isn't so Happy anymore. Is it just gonna be called Valley from now on?
I almost wish the phils WOULD have paid madson, less than what they paid papelbon, lost him for the year then developed a young arm.
lmao...over a million times! so I'm screwed huh? It was working for like an hour after it fell then just shut off
Want free tix to Saturday's Sunsett show at ? Ask your favorite bartender at !
Life is short. Break the rules. Forgive quickly. Kiss slowly. Love truly. Laugh uncontrollably, & never regret anything that made you smile.
you were the leader bring it back.
academy of country music awards, the kennedys miniseries, …: What\\\’s Famous Keywords About Online Right now?please retweet
some are mad b/c archie has a gay dude now but its good to cover serious issues in comics. (like when mr wilson molested dennis the menace.)
Watching an STD video in health and almost throwing up. <<<<<<
A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body - the wishbone. ~ Oscar Wilde
yes! Thanks for passing it on!! I'm having trouble focussing enough to write back.
I need a mini-vacation.
only if you got that wine fine only if you got that sip type only if you got that mine bomb only if you got that zip type
oh im well :)
always on that creep!
Shred is one of my favorite workout videos. Intense.
Thanks to all who attended social intelligence presentation at #SDLinnovate. It was fun.
Ladies night going down tonight y'all at Paraiso's...y'all beta get here...
Judges men who order Frappucinos. Actually, anyone who orders a Frappucino.
If he were a better shooter, he could start for over half the league. RT: : Nice work from Watson.
Oh my. A lot has happened this weekend. But, it was a good one, one to remember.
Yes Ma'am they are performing! Hope all is well!
Great meetings today and great review of a MixHouse mix. Busy Busy Busy.
Get up early and cook with us this Sunday on 7! We'll be there with demos and recipes in the 7 and 9 am hours.
we'll post pics and vids of 's keynote tonight and in our wrap up video. Thanks for the interest!
LEAKED FROM THE REMIX TAPE "LIKE TO PARTY' BEYONCE' FT KANYE WEST FT ANDRE 3000 prod by
Making your technology scale is hard but important. Making your non-profit scale is infinitely more important.
Thanks for the follow Myers RV Center (MyersRVCenter)! :)
i yurp. -yawn and burp.-
hm, I dunno. What was his name?
SAME HERE. #triple-ing hahah
I'm not there anymore.
i know so many people who do that
My happy moments are to be seen not my sad moments
your co-captain is ready and on standby with a bottle of O.T.
didn't make that connection, but it makes sense.
fabulous job tonight, :)
Happy Easter!
Adam Levine is single! Possibly top 3 best days ever.
I swear sometimes a bullet would solve my problems night twitter
I've realized that I'm never going to be domesticated and that's ok. I'd
OKC beat Lakers. I was rooting for both since likes OKC #thunderup !
I took the hard shell of not right. (in my Florida Evans voice) DANG DANG DANG!
Do you ever get mad when your phone just blows up??
Now your just somebody that I used to know<3
Great job to the 24 and 48!!
I'm getting real sick of Facebook.
Thank you for including our tweet in your daily paper!
GURL you know you wanna go to Florida and fuck
Good morning world!
I hear you have a show this wknd? Break a leg!
U should follow SalaryCap101 - former skins front office exec. Cap expert./scout.
Trust is like virginity. You lose it once and you’ll never get it back.
followed & thanks! Ur really cute 2:)
because they were one bad defensive drive and one bad game from being national championship contenders
:-) Actually, they were too busy smoking to pick up their phones and check in. I now smell like a chimney.
not this tour hun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
any chance we will be swimming or anything? So I can sport my new bod in a swimsuit hahaha
ME AND LYRIC IS ON THE GROWN CRAKKIN UP LAUGHIN
They are telling me my Tesla model S will be delivered to me in September 2012. And I'm about 1500th on the list.
CHEERS to SUCCESS. Whatever SUCCESS means to you
S/O to ..always ready to
Went for a nice run along Lake Shore. Skyline view is amazing. My kind of town.
Stupidest thing I've read today: "It's never too late to prepare for the end of the world as we know it." -Glenn Beck
of course, in this age of social media, we could not afford not to live stream it. Thank you for watching. DMIS
Thanks for the shout out Jay. You are awesome. I hope you're doing well!
RT R.I.P. Mavericks postseason. Congrats nonetheless, , you did what all other KC pro teams (but one) couldn't do
SAID my dude..fellow bad boy..HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!..much luv 2u..do it big babe!!! I'm there in spirit brutha..kill that red carpet.
Thanks your pretty awesome to <3
Disappointed that searching iPhone Contacts for a phone number doesn't work.
all the new colors i bought on drawSomething got deleted. worst day
#Mondays...when everything that fell apart on the weekend needs to be rectified.
Everyone have a safe & happy 4th of July!!
sitn in sec. 124 if i make it to the seats. Standing room?
they all basically the same thing to & they end the same way
whats up? do know a Miranda Johnson from Literotica that lives in Miami?
$48 gets you 3 semi private reformer classes at East Village Body Shop! Go to www.buywithme.com to get deal!
You raise me up,so I can stand on mountains<3
Hey, how does the SMS contact widget work on your personal site? Been meaning to implement Web-to-SMS functionality on a project.
ohh yeah i will try too..:))
Kobe just splashed that bucket for 3!!!
Same drink Same cup c;
Just saw this, but thank you Ashley! had a great brunch :)
Happy #StPatricksDay, lads & lasses! May the luck o' the #Irish be with you during our $2,500 Guaranteed $140 Deep Stacks Knockout @ 7pm!
so nice to meet you!!!!! Xo
Michael Franklin: huge issues in computer science research apropos BIGDATA, e.g., machine learning, no way of making tradeoffs among tools
It is a luxury to be understood.
BABY IMA MEET YA HALF WAY CAUSE I KNOW YA WANNA SEE MEEH
Wonder how I can post a video of all the Mets' past few seasons...
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed it :)
At the doctor's office... the registration form now has a Social Media section.
I went to a pro-life rally and locked my keys in my car. Fortunately, a lot of people had coat hangers.
HP is not showing printing & imaging at CeBIT? In contrast Samsung has a particularly large print presence in Halle 2 Stand E30.
HTML5 brings some interactive elements to the client side without using heavy databases.
He pisses me off haha it's funny though.
Siri I said "Call home" Siri: Would you like me to call a hoe"
Please stop broadcasting commercials at twice the volume as the news. We have babies trying to sleep.
Listening to a really fine album by trombonist William Carn "Run Stop Run", produced by David Binney. Worth listening to again.
Until follows me and tweets me, I'll just fangirl at my background of him in my iPod :)
Sriracha sauce for sure! Then spicy mustard I think.
I didnt win.
Far Away
I think we dream so we don't have to be apart for so long. If we're in each other's dreams, we can be together all the time.
If you ever have a chance to hear speak... DON'T MISS IT!!! He is A powerful speaker.
Happy birthday, !! See you at DEMF?!
Do not feel like goin in today
^_^ I am happy now
I'm taking him back to vegas today RT : Dad doing well?
Knowing our #smallbiz is a part of re-growing the local economy and commerce in downtown Sacramento fires us up!
Mark Twain said, -The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.- Share a favorite clean joke.
I love my dad, just finished shopping & eating :)
- thanks! Love you! Smooches!
I love giving my marketing class ticket buying advice. Love those boys.
Kia Classic golf tournament returns to the renowned La Costa Resort and Spa from March 19 - 25.
they SO SO SO are. I grew up with 3 brothers and now I have husband and two sons. No escape.
Hey "audiojunkie" who do I NEED to be listening to? :)
Oh shit....here they come..
My 10-year-old..."Mom, you married a nut!" Sounds right. Keeps it fun though during Christmas Week!
yea u should :)
Ha! Nice try
today i will figure out how to edit video. tomorrow i will begin work on a bluegrass album. tuesday i will go to vegas.
just prefers to watch more manly shows
Saw a great cartoon today with the line "If you think education is expensive, try ignorance". Version on that is also "try war"
“: I'm not rooting for anyone in the NBA Playoffs nearly as hard as I'm rooting against the #Thunder. #NOKC” Agreed!!
I got enough energy that will last me a lifetime the question is do you ?!?
Fine, how are u
Had my mom french braid my hair... Its been a while since the last time she did my hair
2 more followers? Retweet for a shout out!
March Madness is heating up! Come enjoy our great happy hour while watching March Madness on 3 screens!
So exactly how ridiculous would it be to get a stroller for my dog??? #completely #ridiculous or #no!!!!
Hey ! I'm performing in a Comedy Improv show at Playhouse West tonight at 8pm. 10634 Magnolia Blvd NOHO, CA 91602. Cost $0 :)
David Stern did not like that Nuggets run
Thanks for your response!!
"In the last 6 months, 1.3 million private sector jobs were added, the most of any 6 month period in nearly 6 years. "
Haha it could be. It's part of the underground tunnel system, populated by homeless people and pedestrian commuters.
Is excited for #AdBowl. Let's see some powerhouse marketing dollars! :)
So full of quiche, hashbrowns and a potato pancake...thanks !
follow me? :)
: hello, I'm following you back. I am very thankful and happy to tweet you too ;)
would that be at ALA Anaheim? :)
Be home later today! Looking forward to seeing you TTYLOXOX
look hayley big foots right there!
STOP. Collaborate and LISTEN.
Really? That's the first time I saw it. I think that was the weirdest commercial I have ever seen.
some LIVE ass music on this ship
ay come to samaras house so we can go to school together
Who you hang out with determines where you will be in life.. be with those motivate you, not demotivate!
SMH AND LMAO CAUSE THAT'S NOT THE NAME OF THAT MOVIE... I MUST HAVE HAD ONE TOO MANY LAST NIGHT... LLS...
It's a real blessing!
Lamar Odom is out as a Dallas Maverick... could he be coming to Boston?? Would Boston want a Kardashian as an inhabitant??
are you
I guess he thought we were all mind readers!
Hahaha, fwiw, I enjoyed him when he first started. His delivery appealed to me. He's just a dick now.
PR observation of the day: There are obvious social classes in society. Can someone choose to better themselves? Or does it repeat itself?
Kids stay in trouble!!
glad to connect with here and in person this week along with
2012 film watching! #50. The Secret Garden (Holland, 1993). Cute little film based on the childrens novel.
Hello Saturday! I have been waiting all week for you to arrive!
lots of Hopkins poems for some reason, and Dr. Seuss!
Recliners play This Friday only at CAFE' DIEM in The Fan, RVA. 600 N. Sheppard St. Showtime 9:15pm New Tunes, New Shoes, New Haircuts!
My room is darker then usual
Don't do it man, u'll get busy and the dog will be alone. And U have to deal with all it's health issues. Trust me bro
You need to forgive yourself for loving, living and staying behind. Give yourself permission to be happy. We all love you and
Best news I've heard in a while : )
How is it that within months my hard drive and my logic board have failed? My mac has failed me.
Thank you, President Obama. I have two sons...
sorry for the late response, we are hoping to have the call for volunteers out within the next week
your have a voice amazing :D
That does it-per , , & many others, 's The End of Lawyers moves up on my TBR 4
#SomeWhereInTheHood a chick just found out she has HIV
Obesity and Diabetes So Strongly Linked as to Coin the Term
At least when Mrs. Obama went to a race, she knew a driver to cheer for + didn't insult fans' clothes, unlike Romney.
Thanks We hope you come back often for more #craftbeer and #pizza and
ROTFLMAO!!! Taken out of context, that could raise some eyes. LOL
not to defend church, but Note that the church isn't quoted. In IL they claim on organ donor cards that all religions at ok with it.
When the person in front of you is staring at your boobs -__- creep
The Guto is now accepting wedding date applications for Spring 2011.
Finished Dexter S5. Patiently waiting for S6 to start up. Also patiently waiting for SOA. There's NOTHING on the tube! Gaaah
Ah I gotcha. Detroit basically sold out as soon as they went on sale! Like I sat there at 10 am ready to buy them
im proud of my work-with a hectic life i still got sh*& done lol
I managed to stop crying for about two hours...now here im at it again :'( RememberTrust
Watching Fireproof, and Courageous and picking out the actors that were in both.....
loving to see the four other friends must haves for spring,Krystal great minds (bag)!
Okay guys it's happening. I might be getting my first cold of all season so far. I'm all achy and my throat hurts.
Push even if you don't want to. Dream big and believe in yourself... Even when the dream seems impossible
Im on some other shit
as long as there's whataburger I'll be good lol
and Fisher has said the team should run more this year, the defense should be more trapping/attacking type we will see
looks like the worst of the weather is going either side of IH-35 corridor, is that what y'all are being told to expect?
Edamame--my new favorite affordable dinner option. M.
s/o to my new follower she sexy AF ;)
I'm in the giggliest mood! I just had a mini dance party with my doggies in my room! :-)
All things are difficult before they are easy - Thomas Fuller
We will keep that in mind! Thank you for letting us know! :-)
Giving in and shopping for board games for next Friday's #GameNight. My personal weakness...
My cooking skills are so good, the smoke detectors cheer me on.
No one shoots from here on out but Kris and Triche. NO ONE!
welcome to America!! Land of opportunity and craziness!
thank you ;-)
Tubing on Comal River with some of my favorite people
At the home studio rolling tape on demos of the final songs to the new record.
grab me a sizer of new glarus if you do!
I want breakfast already.
Tonight at ! Join , , , , and myself. 8PM-Midnight. Lounge area.
After many years of searching I finally found Crunchy Reeses Peanut Butter Cups while waiting standing in line at the grocery store today
Happy Monday ppl. I hope yall had a great Christmas!
Just relocated a giant spider from the living room to the back deck. I know it's been cool, but is it really spider season already?
Starting my Christmas shopping... now.
Useless fact: if you fart nonstop for 6yrs,9mos, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb.
thanks for the RT! Hope you are having a great weekend!
Its all good lol I had to do homework anyways :p
only 4 more days till the big one!
maybe if Brian hadn't gunked it up!
And that's what I keep saying, he's a tank. People say "Yeah, a septic tank" and I'm just all "A tank's a tank yo"
2 Step process for success: 1. Believe it. 2. Do it.
n thank you :)
found some quart sized jars at a garage sale recently, also find them now and then at GoodWill
Hope to have an assembly of the first 30 scenes by tomorrow! Only 80 more to go!
Our Plans can be great but it doesn't mean our great plans are God's plan. He can have so much more than what you expect.
Thanks! MT The Brees Dream Foundation will donate #BreesCelebGolf proceeds to ' Integrative Medicine Program!
you should nominate because he is amazing and we love him.(:
Nuthin like surprising the ones you care about you did your thing tonight boo! So proud of u :-)
Over 300 posters in archive #preswk12 "poster garden." cardboard was easily available like "pizza box signs" etc.
Yikes. Unfortunately our standard 622 remedies aren't available. :)
#iabaudio while imperfect , there is certainly more track ability online than off
Thanks for the support Mt. Royal Bottle Shoppe! Shine responsibly up there!
Finally watching Halloween 2; totally crushing on Brea Grant. <3
It's appropriate that MONEYBALL is nominated 4 an Oscar as it is about how mediocrity is undervalued. Oscars love to award just base hits.
"Well done is better than well said"
>Quote: Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. Leo Tolstoy
Still, a good point.
shut up
no I mean maybe
If you wanna see a lot of prostitutes in one place ride a DC subway at 1am.
super stoked to meet up with VIVERA! kick the tires and light the fires!
Sure you right. As a fellow Virgo, I agree. My name means "blue" in some interpretations.
haha yeah why does it hurt!?
Turns out I didn't drink enough whiskey.
Tom Petty was right, man...waiting IS the hardest part.
you can't unsee it
How do you find stuff like this? Lol Thank you for sharing. Paused my Storm Chasers to watch.
#occupysd occupiers criticizing jounos for parachuting in and running out w/out getting full story at meeting.
Dinner tonight? Green Curry Mussels - Fresh Prince Edward Island mussels cooked with coconut green curry, peppers, basil and spinach! $10
A-Gon has been close to useless all season. What the hell happened?
Most exciting moments in sports, last 2 mins in BB or Philly/Pitt shaking hands after 2 nites sweep by the Flyers!
Hey everyone. How's ur day going
Why does your hair have to be blue ?
Catch and on internet radio show right now!
Loved the Descendants.
It seems 's roles are the ones I'm really good at. Watch me... The next one is Glinda! Haha
RT : Cindy Shanahan: what would history instruction B like if focus were on how historians construct meaning?
this is for u
what Sarah you don't think I'm sexy????
I feel horrible today
Concentration of power. Privacy. Spreading the love around, etc. Never a good idea to put all your eggs in one corporate basket!
your welcome
just watched the new (and final... ever...) harry potter trailer. and immediately teared up...
day.. um! He has a point though you guys always be acting RETARDED! Atleast be a little bit mature when hes not present -.-
Happy Mothers Day Camille.
What kind of tail bag are you sporting there? Looks very nice.
Hey Gemma! We hope you're doing well, thanks for being our friend in the UK :) hopefully we can play over there someday..
Of the various botanical species of coffee trees in the world, only 2 are extensively cultivated commercially; Arabica & Robusta.
You're fucking retarded. I'm white you scene slut.
is the absolute truth! Great game!
OSU v Florida ... Oh, the irony.
That's cause I get it from you bro!
Best part of teaching Sharon Marcus's politics of rape prevention: a-ha looks when students see the phallus as temporary and vulnerable.
they are out there but the peeps with the money apparently only like cheese!
Hi It is a coincidence that our two conferences overlap in Austin, but we're hoping to incorporate some collaborative efforts.
i friend anyone who reps the bluetooth headsets....i love mine! ; )
American Bandstand, $100,000 Pyramid, Bloopers & Practical Jokes, New Years Rockin' Eve and about 309 other TV classics. RIP Dick Clark
Love your socks...man!
Now how thee fck do I find my next class?!.
sick :( aka no singing which makes me even more sad
#a11ydc was an interesting experience. No surprised Amtrak was delayed, but thankfully it was less than 20 minutes. Back home safe now.
What's your concentration at VCM? I did voice. Heard they have a general music option now!
": Sunglasses: Allowing you to stare at people without getting caught. It's like Facebook in real life."
#fridayreads finished Lonely Polygamist last night - sorry I waited so long to read this one - it was really good!
Only if you knew my intentions aren't to do you dirty. An I always make good decisions
look, I'm tweeting! Thanks for the workshop!
Winner! RT ": American Beauty Rose"
can u get MORE people to follow me plz im TRYING to get more followers than my friend
thank you for helping me study for my test over all that crap tomorrow.
DUH! This one has alot of followers.... so next time keep the sarcastic remarks to yourself... THANKS!
Is anyone else wondering why there hasnt been a batman preview?
Played with some fellow Emerson alum on set today! Can you say "It's a small world after all" with a Boston accent?
Just had a pleasure of having lunch with a great photographer in town :)
Funny, I'd def want a wingman over windbag RT Overt aviatism at #Apple: #iPad & #iPhone autocorrect changes 'wingman' to 'windbag'.
Chauncy is old (not very good last yr). Rose was beat up all year. Howard back. Not sure if those are Lockout related.
I feel a giant pimple coming on my nose.
Calling all #Clothing #Junkies we want your #designer items contact to see how you can make money!
I like that I'm the wallpaper on his phone. :)
SAVE THE CAT shows you how to plot with "beats." Start with a basic premise and wind up w/ 40 plot points. Really helpful for me!
Yup! I booked studio time on they @$$!
it should be a zoning law that every neighborhood have one!
If you watch Field of Dreams backwards it's about a son guilting a father into leaving then doing everything in his power to keep him away.
americans hating on asian people. jkay! haha
I love reading your tweets!:)
And it is greatly appreciated. Enjoy !! =)
Great presentations on social media by and !
Hey, Justin. Once again, Please notice me, and Please Follow back or Tweet back ASAP
your jacking me ! D:
bout time you got twitter bro!
Getting yelled at for moving my chair for my laptop... (x
sac up is gonna be awesome. Im waiting to hear from flip if we can use a
Sometimes I Feel Like The Juice Ain't Worth The Squeeze-#Can'tBeLife
Omg I'm so freaking tired I don't even know what time it is
I've heard of composers working with limited time, but never procrastination. That explains a lot about the final score.
#AAF Dallas Happy Hour tomorrow with else?
slays with #pinkfridayromanreloaded fahh reals !! this album is pure awesomeness !!
ERIC! It's been far, far, far, far too long! I trust all is well?
YUM! Now that's what I call a sweet tweet! (& you're very welcome!) Banana Spit Torte in Gratitude
just sent! Please confirm you received, it's a large file!
hahaha, i never go out looking for a fight, it just comes to us
I Dig the AVI! I'm Buying Another Copy of Vice City, ASAP!
Watchn teen mom waiting for him to callme back.
you have Arnold twice in JU bracket 15-16
I need to go to sleep
A great man is always willing to be little. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
At the gym
One of my students on "The Voice" tonight... Adley Stump
I'll forgive u this time.
My coworkers and I swoon and watch the guy instead of work. Its a very important YouTube relationship. We Love you guy.
Question when will Monica Still Standing Season 1 be released on DVD soon? I love that show deeply!
Thank you irocDaMic for the blessing
"The great novels of the world are about 3 things: death, money & sex. Occasionally a whale." Love this quote from Jackson Brody in SETMD.
Mahomies Love Mama Mahone. Without her, we wouldn't even know or care about him
Bruce Lee on Batman?!
I love you Slim :)
Is apparently the only person who knows how to make a pot of coffee.
make sure to include and as non profit resources in MD. Hear us tomorrow!
done!! gd looking for the follow!!
If you don't call me all day I understand, when you don't text me all day I understand, when I stop loving you I hope you understand."
bummer. Sounds very intriguing.
Not happy with the performance of this Mr Clean Magic Eraser!
Always a lil' perplexing 2watch Appropriations Committee: Sum bills w/ no opposition or cost R tagged w/ high price tags & held in suspense?
haha Oopsie ! He doesn't want to go back to Houston
Yes i am ;) thank uRT : u feeling better
Best of luck Samy!!! Crossing my fingers and toes too!
She KNOW she knows the song <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
U look like u is
With a name like his who is he trying to fool? ": Obama is only half white and really not old...
So there's this one boy....
CODY I LOPVE YOU FOLLOW ME PLEAS
indeed! Local distillery.
NEVER SAY NEVER!
It all comes down to this, I miss you...
wonderful... haha, and you?
Either way, it sounds like a good idea at the moment.
New on draft. #DuClaw Exile.
If you smoke weed you're a communist
What!?!?!? RT : Y'all dont laugh but I'm taking coffee break for two weeks until my sleep is back on schedule
Scared for tomorrow..
I enjoyed the phrase 'merrily deranged' in that article.
what happened to ? Sorry ur feelings were hurt!
ideawf.com - every wanted to own your own busness? ideawf.com
The guide to reporting in Indigenous cultures: riic.ca by RT
agreed! People live cool, local shit!! :)
I figured. Love you <3
Watching 'Wings' on Brian Hackett is wearing a tie with the state of Wisconsin & a cow, wardrobe personnel must be from WI.
Woohoo! Just finished the next Kate Jones thriller, CRUISING FOR DEATH! Now, off to the betas!
I'm definitely going to do this shit now.
Call me old fashioned. Sometimes I need more than 140 characters. Besides, have to justify still paying a phone bill. ;-)
Got notice at 4:30pm last night that there is an award ceremony at 9am @ the boys school today- did some calendar shuffling
what's up girl looking pretty on that couch ...lmao
2 more weeks...I so pumped for summer <U+263A>
hey you.
didn't know there was a #swn11 sprint going on. did it anyway. 800 words in a little over an hour. #prodo word count: 10024
People watching in ES building #interesting hello Tuesday.
Rumor has it the Easter Bunny was seen this morning at Harmony Christian Church at MOPs Easter Egg Hunt
love the intensity, keep it up “ So freaking pumped about getting taxes done. Now I'm gonna go murder this workout. #goodday”
In the year I have done my best to show #RVA some of the best talent in Va as I said I would. I preached & still do that I support my state.
seriously. That was as cheap as they come.
Presiding at the regular meeting of John H. Holliday Jr. American Legion Post 186 in Broad Ripple.
Asked for a quarter pounder at the McD on 1540 Westchester Ave, Bronx, NY. I got a half cooked patty. Employee didn't care.
aha thanks! (: my chubby little costume..(;
thanks for the follow!
and then annoys the Brewers fans by getting picked off on his way to second...
That one time I actually need my phone it's going to die.
It appears that the Chicago sports media has gone full-snob on Theo Epstein. Guess it's backlash for his giving them nothing to write about.
So kind! Thank you so very, very much...you just made a slightly icky morning wonderful :)
Christmas is getting closer, so take advantage of Plonk's FREE SHIPPING now through December 31st for awesome wine gifts!
Sorry Habitat followers. We tried to score tickets to see the President tomorrow & give him a Habitat shirt but Habitat wasn't lucky! :(
No love, no luck, no hesitation
Agreed! RT : I think and Heart-Set Self Destruct need to tour together!
not really a contest. would win by just looking at her.
i sure am!
looks like Sun will be a beautiful day in VA for a boucherie. Thx for joining me and the family on the farm.
A satellite probe is heading for North America but MOST of it should disintegrate upon re-entry into the atmosphere.
lol Amazing how I was thinking the same thing
If you can't tell them the truth then they aren't really your friends.
25 more days until Home Opener Kickoff! Get your lawn chairs out now for the general admission line
Diva is female version of a hustler!
I'll be up there around 12:30-1 so I'll hand deliver it with a free hug
The glamor of Las Vegas....WOW! It's America's toilet in SO many ways.
you're too funny!
Thank you for hosting! #NiceJob!
much appreciated :)
Just trying to make the future, better than the past
I've been counting down since I woke up lol(:
Is it weird that I've become good at photoshopping people's eyes open when they blink?
u got it like that!!
But I exercise about 6 days/week so that's probably the cause.
Marilyn's still there. Wouldn't it be cool if someone attached rockets to her legs and she zoomed away?
i want to start a company called pimp ur pooch- and large and proud peeps come and i apply temp tattoos liberally 2 there mom pooches
But I'm so pumped
Fuck off! Tevez has nothing to prove to anyone in this lifetime.
I'll be going to the previews with Warren Woodfin, the QC Byzantine art historian. Will you attend? I even told my students.
awesome! You have a partner or project in mind? DM me your email and we can set up a time to chat
So true! Helping one person is helping the world. Please keep it up.
seems like an efficient tool. would have to check out how good the search was to find relevant users. Free level? Demo?
#highered Who's keeping tuition and fees flat for 2010-2011? Email me directly at
I'd love a lunch convo at THF on this topic. See how it ties with our current work and how to tap these ideas.
Losing followers by the minute! ):
I love other people’s birthdays! At work they send round an envelope and everyone signs their name and take $5 out!
Back to for the Yelp event! So excited to try their brunch menu!
Hurrah - Gift of Gab is safe for kids. Too bad the Beastie Boys aren't...
Woo Hooo! Let's open a bottle of Cristal Brut!!! We won't drink it, we'll just pour it over our heads!! Congrats, sweetheart!
you are almost done however...I want Indian!! A curry smoothie...I think NOT!
Erdos just needs to use the computer he used to log in last time... Hooray for autocomplete.
My mom awes me about 5K with all the pipes and drugs she's thrown out over the years.
Thanks for the shout out! We're loving
I'm going to do something nostalgic. RIGHT NAO
why did you say sad nigga
RT : Interesting to hear Pitbulls team say how they leak their own albums to overcome major label (Sony) inertia
#gratitude for the #FF mention! Have a great weekend!
Really? Okay then.
Meeting destiny on the road you took to avoid it. RT : The future is only scary if you try to avoid it.
sf hot crowd as usual pretty good for a Monday. Pouring strong drinks
Sorry to hear you had problems reaching your site. We've had our Systems Dept review your logs & they did not find any problems.
yes! great ones from VA, stand in the middle of market. and 7am market is productive, 9 am is lazy :)
crazy night!
RETWEET if you love someone.
You're really boosting my ego with all these favorites
#NOLA tweeps, is there a one-artist metal sculpture park in or near Algiers, preserved by one of the art schools?
R.Wolven objectives: collect preserve make accessible web content of research value, dev sustainable program
i love and miss you so much, but it kills me to see how you could care less...
The best vitamin to make friends B-1 :)
I'll get on it!
If the only movie she owns is snow white, #SheToYoungForYouBro!
should the church that Sandusky attended be shut down too? Should the priest be fired? What about his mailman? Barber?
Can't believe these guise made cinnamon rolls and didn't save me one.
hahaha! sounds like the title of a young adult novel.
Woah! Have fun!
ha. calls 712 sq. ft. home "tiny." i grew up in 1200 sq. ft. & a family of five. a couple in 712 should be comfy, no?
What up Doe
Next E.P. will contain a hit of acid, consume before pushing play!
My dad and brother are making me cry all the time w/ this new baby stuff lol.
Aw, didn't you have that at your wedding? You guys are adorable! (I'm not stalking you, I just remembered because I knew Sean)
Good morning Milwaukee! Great to see the #Brewers get back on track. Watch this space for a contest to celebrate...
Duh. RT : PERRY: Obama invented poverty
I miss you foo !
Go follow my friend - she follows back.
whats wrong bane?
RT : RT : Laugh often, relax more, live long, look good doing it!
LeBron wld have to drive every time. Jordan would probably take away the lane and make him shoot then the game would be close
looking fine and classy as aways in your white suit :) love you
Tag Team Title match
Sorry about that. My account was hacked. everything should be fixed. If not let me know.
Yes YouTube, I will always skip this ad.
It's going to be a very long, very quiet day. Of course, that means I'll be able to write for a while, so no complaints from me!
I wish I could have Jim Jackson's play-by-play of Couturier's Hat Trick goal as my Alarm to wake up every morning.
Thanks for the RT :D
- Shall we put u down on media VIP list 2 attend Shoot To Cure event at Chargers Park fri nite? Hope so ;)
Yknow, it's one thing to be assertive, hold strongly-felt opinions. It's quite another to be a bumptious jerkwad addicted to polysyllables.
I was vut im sick but im going on Friday, yeah I heard it was I spent the weekend watching all the movies
We've separated in to our session groups. Tweet what you're up to!
I wish I was at murphy's <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> Being there always takes my mind off of everything...
American Heart Association fundraiser tonight - every happy hour drink contributes to #AHA (via )
I love Law & Order
got my bag of chips and cookies and im ready for the whole night XD
UFCU is amazing but I'm not sure who you have to work for to join. There is a list of affiliations somewhere.
Pacers hold on in OT after blowing a 19 point lead in 4th. But a win is a win. 101-99.
haha! Nice analogy.
“The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.” <U+2015> Kalu Kalu
Do you still consider yourself a normal kid?
#artcar parade then Dynamo opening game in a new downtown stadium. great day in #Houston today!!
yeah! its awsome! i was COMPLIMENTING it!
I'd rather have given our pick to the pats instead of taking Coples. Watch, Ingram tears it up.
oh my i love you so much :D Everything about you is just STYLIN' sorry that was kind of a fail ahhaaa but i still love you! xD
We don't do things for what we get. We do them for what we become.
I can't stop laughing at the Real Steel trailer.
I love making it and it is even more fun when freinds make it together :p
Yeah Megan! We are glad she kicked cancer's ass too. What a great inspiration she is!
Laughter is the best medicine.
hes a real kid !
Lovely someone's Close by is firing a gun.
today was..... Idk
Brewfest with the kids then brady street festival and polka at german fest. Might not survive the day
Who is ready for June 3-5 2011? Suggest this page to 5 of your friends to help spread the word!!
Tell your boy, the hammer, to get his act together with runners in scoring position. stop worrying what he's like pre-sex.
Mos Def and Robert Glasper soundchecking on stage downstairs. Doesn't Get much better #jazz/hip-hop
Stop and smell the roses today
Early check in for #eduiconf on the Lower Level of the Marriott 4-6pm or tonight at Gibson's 7pm.
Have a great time! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
I feel like death
didn't bring my lunch.....mcdonalds, kfc, or 7-11 for lunch.....and its gotta be cheap......like your mother....=)
On my way to the cityy(:
yes please. Marketing has a budget of 15,000 per espiode for now.
my fav said unfortunately there are some who THINK they are better than OTHERS but they clearly ARENT cause all they get is DMS
#Firefly cast members appearing on #Castle is the greatest.
A first I believe - a very happy customer just ended their thank you email to us with the word "hugs" - Priceless.
good evening Have not been here in a long time!
Suck my swag bitch
Neither will be Angela. We'll have to find close seconds....RT : Are you boys at #SXSW?
haha i see ur from Wyoming. Theres probably Bigfoots for sure in your area!!! Lol
I thought Today was Thursday
Just woke up from a 2 hour nap!! #napsaregreat :D
RT New post: Guest Aimee L. Pozorski on "The Kids Are All Right: Understanding Student Veterans":
by** not my
Yes, much like a meat grinder...Luckily my readers where pretty good.
I saw your tweet to Our is here to help you with your Dell support needs.
Put berries in my frappuccino. You can't even fathom the deliciousness! Sad Starbucks Happy Hour's last day is tomorrow. :(
How about a photo gallery of what all the pro player tattoos look like when they turn 75-85...they might be a tad "out of focus"
I'm gonna keep on acting like it never happened and maybe you'll miss me as much as I miss you & come back for me.
I just woke up I was sweating so i woke up so I think I'm staying up till school starts its 4:03 in the morning its still dark outside :)
I so get your blogthing bout wine - if you need like, tips on how to talk about wine, i am here for ya babe
Girls love liars if your lies make them feel good all the time. Girls lie when they say they hate liars
I didn't know my mic was up...or that we were on air!
GO STEELERS!!
What's with everybody being deep in there chest tonight.... It's not that serious
Frank, what happened to that Brazilian chick U were going to hook up with. U showed me a pic of her on your phone at Vibrato.
packed up and heading to the game. Go #broncos!
Yeah, I'm thinking Throw Back weekend! We're gong to the Texans vs Packers in Houston too.. and maybe the Rams vs Packers
Gold (continued): 2) Thinks beyond the ending to larger issues in the field, 3) Author wears erudition lightly, and 4) Accessible.
I hope you all had a wonderful Easter! :)
So who all isn't playing tonight??
well...his fly is undone... So inviting!
School today! It's cold this morning want to stay in the warm bed! 9 more days and ! Can't wait!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Red? How about Black with a little pink neon? ;D
I know it! Fun, right?
March Madness.
Okay some CB jokes are gettin offensive lol its almost like he trended cause of haters
Take a walk on the wild side!
#notetoself: hold skirt down when metro is arriving to avoid #awkward moments
Chase Bank called me 4 times while I was sleeping. They thought someone in nky stole my debit card.
totally. should've gone to HR right away. isn't that what HR is for? & should've put up a diff Firefly poster instead. ;)
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live?
rain instead of snow doesn't seem right! Santa needs snow for Christmas! Never thought I'd be asking for snow but it does make it pretty!
Rip Orlando Brown
Smart play by Rondo there. He knew Collins was trying to take a timeout and decided to commit the foul.
LETS GO GIANTS!!!
The Dolphins trade up to select UM tailback Lamar Miller
ITS KIRSTENS BDAY! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO !!!
..smells like fish up in this business!
You, too. Also: Ginger power.
Gloomy morning, gloomy political results. Hoping Maine can help turn back the tide this fall, pass #marriageequality & elect
Wow, I remember arguing with a friend in 2008 about Prop 8. She was fully for it then. She seems to have completely reversed that mindset!
I helped shepherd the bill to ban shark fins through the Senate today; it's now headed to the Gov. Thanks to Judy Ki for her support!
I hate when somebody over do they part...... Be you.... Str8 stuntn
oh the beauty of a night.
I do that stuff for him :\
i need a shower before this storm comes back !!
If Newt ever gets married again it will have to be to Montana Wildhack, no? Why not a colony of Tralfamadore?
Very tempted to get the poster version for the office.
Tuesday is new Spelling Bee night. “: *complimentary
I see UR in SF, touring U should come tour 's new 4-story office! We save lives with our free product!
“: Lakers' Metta World Peace faces discipline for vicious elbow to Ok City's James Harden's head- time to change the name back, Ron baby.
I think I might be liking you again.
STRUGGLE = Preparation of what is yet to come.
Smokey, this is not 'Nam. This is bowling. There are rules.
welcome to the atl...again!!!!
Living the dream my friend...RT : Another beautiful morning for open enrollment employee meeting.
i should be in Columbus right now -_- fucken hate my luck
Kinda sucks when your idols start letting the fame & money go to their head.
Love looking at my half-sisters Facebook and seeing pictures of her wearing the dress I thought I lost!
What day is? October?
good job.
ya true lol D son Moe made her a drawing n a note he did it in school lol cute
I really can't stand it when someone hurts my best friends. It hurts ME to see them in pain.
Wondering why the Beau ster didnt eat all his breakfast this morning..... argghhh
yeey, i get to see casey- james :-) aw!.
Oh no! The deliciously worst acting on TV. Love that show. RT : It's Official: CBS Cancels CSI: MIAMI. Story to come...
You would be Mike Lowery and Kevin would be Marcus Burnett. It would be funny as hell!
are u serious??
I was just interviewed about touring with David "Fathead" Newman and our 1997 cd. "Catchin' Some Rays" on Telarc - Loved that musician..
thanks for the #FF :)
2 expansion teams have been settled. They are making a run now at Notre Dame, then Cincinnati, then Maryland. They want 14.
Liter Night. Come in and have drinks with us.
104.50 for personalized plates is highway robbery if they wasn't pertaining to my son i would of just got regular plates!!!!!
' Me too Lhh.
thats sick. Wish NBAPA tweeted the breaking story tho and not Trib's
Riding the GS to LISA'10 (San Jose) was a great idea. Excluding the snow & rain, it was a wonderful trip :)
When will Justin come back to Boston?
Shout out to #CAU that's fashion show was fancy
S/O to my big Sister ,I love you<U+2764> you looked so pretty today & it's funny how everytime someone says Sadie we both turn:)
I probably deserve it. ;)
Otter Bag™
The fact that everyone is making such a big deal over two drops goes to show how rarely Finley drops a pass.
Heard over and over that you have to learn to love and be happy w/ yourself before you'll find that person to love you...and its true!
Isn't it great? So glad to live right now.
listen my lovely munchkin pie I'd go to #Canada to pick you up if I have to. #Boston is only 3hrs away so yes, come! :)
I already checked them out and they are my style of music! :) They are really good! :D
lol what room number?
what's stopping you?
I will take you up on that. Can trade some homebrew.
Im ready to go back my library and poop rainbow
Romney’s worst enemy
Working on website page...come on seo!
what u get??
Why can't I breathe whenever I think about you.
I might just declare a new $5 tax on every batch of HOT NOW doughnuts at Krispy Kreme. Cause let's face it, yall would pay it
first day of summer on goodthinking
And I am what I am.
It's gonna be off the hezzy!
and people who eat inappropriately loud snacks.
If I had a nickel for every time a random dude came up to me at a bar and said, "You look bored."
EVERYDAY DIS WEEK....
Hello Twitter! Please visit my website for more information: www.williamfay.com
Fear is the enemy of will. Will is what makes you take action; fear is what stops you, and makes you weak.
did you end up delivering cupcakes to tsa or too much hassle? Going to stop in for a cc next time in Rochester
Probably signing, but who knows what audience pressure might accomplish...
ive never seen it yet ):
Giant pumpkins float? See for yourself. Regatta races start at 2 p.m. on the Lake at Tualatin.
Hey you get that gig woman, make sure Im there to film ya!!!!! Im free lmao.
thanks for following tell your friend to follow
hell yeah man... i'm still tired though.... I deserve every bit of sleep imma get tonight.
Good choices (;
#wiunion is in better State today; because of our unity. Candidate for Lt. Gov. 2,025 Followers, increase his following.
Sometimes all you need is twenty seconds of insane courage.
Hope you feel better soon.
"Associate your face!" -Brandon Guyton
My short Horror Movies Suck is screening tonight at Mockfest (6pm) and 2morrow at Shockfest (6:30pm). We've got 4 nominations! Fun weekend!
tuna salad sandwich is a bad choice for driving food.
I know right. Moved to so much better than 's.
I don't fuck wit those that don't fuck wit me
love to hear the roar of fans in the Dome.
awesome I'm taking it at BD
I guess people really don't realize that stress is a choice. Life's not easy, we shouldn't expect it to be.
Another station drops Rush, Romney flips again, Santorum backtracks, and Newt, well is still Newt. I'm lovin' it.
This is lame.
Fell in love with Joanna Wang. Her jazz voice is so fascinating. I can listen her songs for million times.
Project x!
Can u make me happy ??? love yahh <3
I like the lovely words my friend said to me
There's a reason I keep certain people out of my life
hahaha apparently! im about to go delete all those bastards haha screw that
Going to have about 5 hours to kill in Anchorage, Alaska. Anyone have ideas?
lmao! Good luck tonight!!
at Score's Bar & Grill in Ft Worth & Dreamworld Music Complex in Arlington
An interesting phrase (not mine), but archivization already includes its negation. And the digital Panopticon is a problem.
Individually, I do not think there's wise life on other planets. Why ought to other planets be any different from this one?
“: Creativity is God's gift to us. Using creativity is our gift back to God.” My personal favorite, TY!
When the maids are out of the room: "I'm a hard working stay-at-home mom"
Okay obviously read that wrong. Was it another Tohi that baked?
Just messed up my good ankle at practice... If it's more than a sprain I'm gonna throw something at a wall. X-rays in the morning
Oh haha gotcha! ;)
Enjoyed the first session of the Accessibility Summit this morning, will catch more later in the day!
awww thats so true, you know you tweet some pretty cute true stuff <3
I swear to you some of my friends are complete
what is the commute like coming back from Provo to KSL?
#chicultural2012 question 1..What is purpose of the cultural advisory group in relation to this plan? They are here to be a resources
Faith/Off is hilarious!
I bought a brownie. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> This is why I should never have money leftover.
#ghlive Time to switch cameras. I haven't seen anything else on camera 3.
I hate the lot of you. Go Browns!
<U+E40E><U+E402><U+E40E><U+E402><U+E40E><U+E402> RT : #Cancer dark side: Your mood swings
absolutely. Can I add marriage-fed Reese as well?
my room! lol
My mama mad cause i took "My Charger" back lol
That feeling when you find the perfect person for you, yesyesyes.
#E3 news was pretty exciting! Looking forward to the new #Nintendo system! Also, glad the #Playstation network is back up and running.
You were drag racing... In a Prius...
How could ANTM eschew noted fashion photographer Nigel Barker, Mr & Miss Jay?
The great thing about : If founders succeed, I succeed. The even better thing about : If they don't succeed, I still succeed!
Yeah Buddy!! :DD
I guess Aerosmith is actually going to play. We all assumed they'd cancel. Was hoping there'd be a good (better) replacement. Oh well!
Oh no! I hope that you aren't getting bad reviews. The last chapter was amazing & heartbreaking. It's a journey. I have faith!
:blackheli: FYI, i wish i was there
The song Hot Tequila Nights will be played between at 1:30 - 1:45 today Saturday May 5.
My only guaranteed cry movie. RT I vividly remember "Mr. Holland's Opus". Every frame.
OH MY GOD. PLEASE FEEL BETTER! </33
Had a great time speaking to kids at the Rainier Vista Boys & Girls club with and
Was JUST about to tweet you the same! Loved our chat & so inspired by the path you've led :)
whats everyones thoughts on the #google and #groupon buyout? im interested 2 c how the stores will work but think it was needed
"What do need muscles for?" - "Um to hit bombs"
hey questions for today: Tulip or turnip? Moonbeam or mud pie? Bankroll or IOU?
:( Thinking of y'all.
Guys, there is one mention of molestation a few chapters near the end.
This fsu-ou game is intense...so many huge hits, all defense.
by the way, Austin Police didn't consider it anything.
Still no delivery. Less than 5 hours left in Mother's Day. They say they have up til 9PM. So disappointed.
hey what about us folks in Fort Worth?
yo to you too.
Seriously though, Taco Bell needs to deliver.
you said "damp bun"
yeah! We complained to ticketmaster, and the worst part is we got 4 tickets, but they're split up 2&2 my mom was pissssedd.
Good luck, lady.
Happy shopping! : Heading out to half-price day & 99-cent jean day Love my bargains! How about you?
Will they be burned by museum tower too? MT: So cute we can't stand it ... See pics of 's mother duck & 9 chicks
If your looking to flip a property, I recommend granite countertops and hardwood floors. Great return of investment.
"RT : Hospital say Fabrice Muamba in stable condition." Best news of the day.
Thank you, Mike! When are you going to be in Chicago? Cubs' game!!!!!
never saw any of them
At least you can never say I didn't love you
Roll doobies back in my smokers zone
Going to lunch, tanning, and running with <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
I can't imagine anyone actually using Twitter as a dating service.
It's because you're still flapping your wings. You need both hands!
Before unemployment can be reduced, we must get this #gop congress out.
Your Welcome c:
let me get back to work as well. have a good one all.
#that1friend that acts tough and hard but he turns up the volume when mr saxobeat comes on...
That's pretty sad
Solid domestic, #wine portfolio tasting with Quench Wines AZ today. Magnum tasting tonight. ;-)
Solid Legal Tweets you should be following
Good half for the #Rapids. Let's get a goal that counts in the second half!
i wish niggas would stop usin my words. ima wlk round wit duck tape on my face
Final tune up game for the Brewers is on right now! Opening day line up (Minus YoGo) is starting the game!
This is probably the first NBA playoffs that I have somewhat skipped over. Ever. I love hoops. But the #StanleyCup is so exciting right now.
Funny! It feels like it. I think we all can agree that current pols don't seem to have pulse of needs of Americans.
It's pandemonium in the carnival meeting. Chapters stop the meeting with chants to pay fair share
people in Texas think it's funny when i say it but i'm from Boston and always have <U+E415>i got some people saying it too.
I ran out of coffee and forgot to get more....
EVERY CHANCE I get
Haha figures. Even at the last All Star Draft when Zdeno Chara picked Corey Perry, he said "From the Anaheim Mighty Ducks..."
Foster care supervisor charged with possessing child porn makes first court ... - CTV.ca
Alright,off to New York
Your kids r lucky to have a great mom in u my friend. Full of faith, life & love. God Bless you Cassie on this Mother's Day.
Use the locks you have. Always lock up when you go out, even if you’re gone for just a few minutes.
Interesting. I still have a Maine license. I think it expired while in Maine rather than getting a new one here, though.
Pressure is applied to show you what is within you
it's really nice in here ;)
But of course! What would thanksgiving be without the family? (Quiet?). See you there.
Doing some research and came across a "sheet and pillowcase party" in the 19th century. Did this influence the K's costumes?
mahomiessssss, where you all at?
sent u invite
While I look for a place to watch the #UEL finals in LA, I think of and on their way to Bucharest...
#forreally RT : RT : Life is either a darling adventure or it is nothing at all. -Helen Keller
Last years MTV awards u were the only artist to state his belief in God. Since then, i got mad respect for you brother.
Real identity: so you can be tied to your credit card. Not about truth.
Thinking you have way to much, and it turns out to not be enough. Or thinking you don't have enough and it turns out being more than enough
Time to start making moves
#IHateToBreakItToYou but if you are still using manual paper processes for #hiring, you need to at least check out ' ATS!
I'm helpless and can't do my own eyebrows<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
At the cowboys game! Let's go cowboys:)
Two hour federal webinar during the lunch hour. Fun times. That means a delayed today...
“: Love this pick!! Welcome to Cleveland ”
If destruction be our lot, we ourselves must be it's author and finisher. As a nation of free men wewill live for all time or die by suicide
praying you are safe!!!! Luv you xo
This class couldn't end soon enough
Hi, Will you be coming to Denver anytime soon?
So clever!
THE AMERICAN RED CROSS : HELP THOSE WHOM NEED OUT HELP IN HAITI - Text HAITI to 90999 right now. They need our help. - musicbizTODAY
Thank you, such a sweet thing to say. Glad to be here at the right time :)
Next stop on the Malin express:
Thanks for sharing our site!
thank you!!
Amazing conversation going on #adwkdc Digital snobbery? The digital divide?
Those 12 year old girls crying about their boyfriend. When I was 12 I cried about missing cartoons. Shit. -_-
I need to get you a present!
Follow me on Tumblr <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
if you need some beats or someone to work with on beats I'm willing to help bro for FREE. As long as I can help...god bless
Hair grows about half an inch per month.
Funny you should ask..I own E Street Marketing & enjoy working with small companies to help with strategy and mktg.
Finally gon make that money again huh
I am so happy to find out there is a gym for me in hell.
your new house hasnt just got swag... That is major swag! My view is my garden:L
The last note in each phrase in the opening section of Mozart's Dies Irae (in his Requiem) should not be accented
Thank you!!
This Saturday the 26th is small business Saturday!!! Support your local #pdx businesses!
NGOs should also have social media accounts and also join the rest of the world in informing pipo of their work .
I will fb and person before i text them.
#Celebrating a Christening this weekend? We offer great keepsakes such as picture frames, albums, crosses, and religious jewelry.
“: bc its 11/11. Usually plp make wishes” -- what's your wish?
Thanks love! Maybe we'll see you this weekend.
i love #adele !
#bieberfact Justin likes in a girl: A good smile and pretty eyes and a great personality, and a sense of humor RT if you think thats you
Wherever I am ~ I am what is missing. --Mark Strand
After reading the Wilson piece, wondered if you had any thoughts on Weinke? Did he earn his votes for the Davey O'Brien award?
Long night at work. No fires yet, just folks getting high and burning food...
Have worked with some of the most creative minds in television. Congratulations Randall (Randy) Barone! ABC Daytime VP!
Angela "I only cheer for Georgia sports teams during playoffs or bowl games" Hong
Found and at the !
“: babies are blessings” of course :)
I can't wait! RT : I'll see you at Ohio State this week. I'm at #kipcamp getting savvier about social media!
Sick woman indeed and the Republican party is happy to have her as its spokesperson
Check out Taschen's big butt calendar for 2012. I'm miss January!! (it's not all about size y'know!)
Psalm 47:6 Let the music sound for our God, let it sound, let the music sound for our king, let it sound.
You dont know how much I hate you right now
on from 1-2 on makin wine and his first solo single in 20+ years
When do awards nominations start and finish for this year's music video category?
I only heard about it...
Going out tonight even if I have to go by myself. And I'm wearing my weave.
Holy collapsing Red Sox Batman, the Rays just took the wildcard!!!!
havnt been to slp yet ugh
lol awww, thank you :] but YOU are pretty hot and amazing yourself.
There are reasons why it shouldn't be raised though
in the studio with making ridiculous
Say what you need to say. Say what you need to say. Say what you need to say. John Mayer <3
bout to get ready and head to class
Nothing stays the same.
About to shop On #Karmaloop Or #PLNDR ? Don't forget you can SAVE MONEY! Use RepCode: BLAZE1UP For 20% OFF Or 10% OFF
Don't miss the Glow Salon and Spa 50% off deal on www.crowdclick.com! There are great services for both men and women!
Just wondering -How many people showed up? Did you top the $1200 St. Marks Bookshop did during their 'cash mob' visit?
is on his newest adventure! Follow along as he explores Norway.
im trying to make the book now. lol There isnt anything out on it yet that i have found.. Its a very new concept.
Not exactly a day off for you, Adam.
Going whole (or half) hog: Buying pork direct from the farmer
The offense was embarrassing tonight. Its clear that this lineup needs to be shuffled.
At Carlos's house.
got you guys
Going to sleep hada bad day ! <U+E403><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>
Happy birthday to class actions! Over 800 years old.
sure but first beat Unknown in a Marvel Match and send me the footage, then I'll tell you something.
I love Miami it's so beautiful this time of year. Enjoy.
Listening to enya
Praying for those impacted by the stage collapse. Unreal.
I feel ya, man
Had an incredible day of shooting with an actor who is a legend in my book. Thanks to Rudy Ramos of 'Defiance' for the great stories today!
that's tru
A clean vision, supported by distinct plans, gives you an amazing feeling of confidence and personal power.
Preserving health by too severe a rule is a worrisome malady.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, Rest in the LORD, and wait patiently for him: fret not thyself because of him who prospereth in...
Santa says at #SBW2011 he takes a cut from helper santas
yeah we Americans don't have the prettiest dialects. There are a lot of words we butcher.
Kill Us
Career Change it is then
R*E*T*W*E*E*T IF YOUR READY FOR THE HEAT IS BRINGING TO US THIS SUMMER #OLDSCHOOLYOUNG LETS GET IT SPREAD THE WORD FRIENDS!!
What a utterly brilliant idea. Seriously.
Heading to New York for the new years
When you get your oil changed and all the mechanics are cuties >>>>>>> <U+266C> singing with joy
Thanks 4 the nice thoughts! Just waiting for it 1 day. I enjoy the suspense. I'd rather not know. Never got the h'cane thing.
oh yea, wht up ma.... wya thug?
Thanks for retweeting the link to our video dudes!
fuck they took sally
quite agree~
Blue Hoodie, Purple Sweats And Pink Shoes Is What I Got On :o Lol.
Im so damn fucked up
Fishing and grilling
Sunrise at BNA and off to the Nationwide Race and Daytona 500!
Hooray! Do you think a 6yo would like it too?
The Rock on tv. Goodbye any productivity.
Who is selling iphone4s
ugh didnt get any sleep cause i kept waking up cause someone was on my mind i thought they were layin next to me but thet werent ugh-Tamya:P
have a good time!
On this Heavy by . Whole cd is fab!
Follow me! is a Sexy account related to Watch porn online!:*
bout to just go to bed.....gota get up in another two hrs from now....
Becoming a total hermit with the impending arrival of our child. Fascinating to watch the changes I've gone through.
Who's Lola's favorite british boyband right now The Wanted or One Direction?
Ben Elton - Meltdown. Anyone know what this is? No? Yes? :)
Good morning :-)
Awaiting & excited to hear Mayor 's budget address --NO NEW TAXES proposed in the 2012-2013 budget
ill give you myself for valentines day two great females together we could rule the world ;]
Walked around downtown Raleigh today...I really need to move to a bigger city!
Stay happy all week long with #HappyHour specials Monday - Friday from 3 to 6. Great deals on great drinks!
My only question: Can Herc play on the left?
love u girl. “: #FF One of my besties,! One of the most TALENTED, BEAUTIFUL, & INTELLIGENT women I have the privilege..
RT - New England Patriots < any other team
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life — It goes on. - Robert Frost
I'm not the only one (:
#MadMen spent $250,000 to use last night's Beatles tune. #Smash pays the salaries of Marc Shaiman & Scott Wittman. Who has a better deal?
Challenge accepted. RT : Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live. ~ Unknown
#MyPastRelationships biggest, most pointless waste of time ever! What was I thinkin'?
YES IT IS.<3
haha, still - it feels surreal to be considered good at anything :)
I soo wanted to stay for the second showing! Too funny! He Rocked Corpus!
“: Hand with freshly painted fingernails grips invisible hockey puck” cc:
Wish my spouse had hundreds of millions in off shore accts gained by firing American workers so I could be "stay-at-home-dad".
": Yo Pogo Skate Shop just started up their twitter. Shoot em a follow and stay tuned for Black Friday announcements"
So excited to see nancy from at this fab event!
links to a great response to Jalen Rose's "Uncle Tom" comments in the "Fab Five" documentary. Good read.
You would think that a simple nested IF THEN macro would be easy to write in Visual Basic (excel) but I just can't get it to work
Rhianna's new video reminds me of a chapter n my new book that I've been working on. Dreading having to recreate it after losing part of it.
Fucking cold in London!!!!!!!!
It might be time to JJ Hardy's face on some of those milk carton missing person ads.
We start up "Willy Wonka" rehearsals again today at PHAME w/ our incredible cast - Gold Circle tix on sale this Wed, April 4th!
figures. jaeger shots at #womma LOL we just get wine
Lots of work today....and a puppy who may or may not let me get to it!
"in the 1920s we used leaches" EXACTLY. And in the 90s we told players w/concussions to "get back in there". Everything evolves
Funny that with all the wine references I never see 'truffle' used as a desricptor in coffe cupping notes
I'm currently trying to find braeking news on social commerce in North America....but where do I go?
can't, there's a waitlist! i've been using hunch which is sorta okay
i guess im abitch too *pauses and steps backk*
I use 1/4 cup apple sauce in baked goods to substitute for each egg!
too sensative re truth about Then why no job for 1 yr+? Trying to buy election 4$!
Wrote a little article on chia seeds today. Not heard of them? Find me on facebook and read up! Facebook.com/LeviLeonFitness
I need to listen to some
Follow us today and RT us for a chance to win a set of iTunes download codes for our sports apps
A month of living here and I just saw my first Walmart ... Craziness!
so true so true
you are so hot!! :D
: HA! It will be funny to see that CITGO car actually finish a race!
the leave you legacy shirt I love it!!!
Moms getting her gifts early and she loves them! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
happy birthday
Tell them you're waiting for you your boyfriend to get there before you get pushed in.
I swear these animals are out to get me
...and I'm the realest nigga you'll ever know! Seems like we have a lot in common!
OH: What do you feet look like?
“: "Weren't you two best friends?" "Yeah, for years." "What happened?" "She got a boyfriend."”
"There is ecstasy in paying attention". Anne Lamott.
Swizz Beatz Says Dr. Dre's Detox Will Be 'Worth The Wait'
you've obviously not seen the daily express end of world weather predictions for May then Swanny! snow!...
"How much does a Bieber snake go for?" *everybody laughing* lol
"I'm just the guy who is stoned enough to be friendly" -guy at stubb's
Synthetic cannibinoids are only one ingredient to synthetic marijuana. It's like saying that bread is flour.
thanks for the tweet! How did u hear about the show??
So happy came to my match!
I hate that I don't have a car
#ThingsMarriedMenSay RT : Frozen orange peels make a great sink disposal cleaner.
Wildberry Smoothies. My latest obsession.
Anything goes we ain't playin fair
alrighty then , when I get back count me in !
just on varsity ? Or all teams ?
Wow! What grade are you in at school?
Damn hoes be on my dick -_- !
Nothing is better than family
Just Bought my ticket for #HungerGames :)
Nice win Crew!!!!!
Yeah. I know. My bad. We can't let none of that fancy book learnin' mess up impressionable young minds.
she was staring at her Jesus sandals like "wtf lebron? I paid good money for these seats"
good to know I'm able to be grouped in with awesome producers ha.
like a WU-TANG reunion.. lol. RT : On my way to pick up Tyler "T-SWED". 1st time all 4 of the #SWED crew been 2gether in 3 yrs
Re: advanced green. If the green light is flashing, you may make a left-hand turn because on-coming traffic still has red.
Making dinner for my mom! <U+2764>
MAN SHUT UP! LMAO
I had a blast this weekend!
I have Holding Strings better left to Fray on replay
whatz good mama
Thanks to our newest #FF's !!
RT informational Meeting Wed, Oct. 21! 4:15 Smith 236 Be a S.T.A.R, Join HRMA! Make the transition from backpack to briefcase!
Tweet! Love yours. So entertaining. RT : I'm either too busy to tweet or so lazy I have nothing to tweet about.
Ah school
RT IF YOU THINK IS AWESOME !
On my way to for birthday drinks with !!!!
Okay, I'm headed downstairs to meetup for the baseball game. Who's going?
I'm good :{) and in english class :(
Fallin asleep with writers block in tha parking lot of mcdonalds
It's going to be another hot day, isn't it?
": Having your yoga pants drag on the ground and getting soak n wet . #shortgirlprobs" just happened to me
OKC gon beat LA ass now
“: to fulfill our destiny we must be able to push through pain, forgive offenses, overcome disappointment & embrace change”
is jealous of 's many hookups with
same shit I just said
Check out new shirts on facebook
From Rob(4:55a) Some morning sun then more clouds and showers late afternoon & Tonight. High:66
#Bowling Saturday night. I hope no one mess it up for me !
RT Arrestees starting to be released from jail! Stand up for FREEDOM, not fear.
How are you getting around in HI?
It's not even, like, fair because my brother is such a little embarrassment. -.-
Opportunities come and go but the decisions we make regarding them is what becomes the most important! Coach Terry
In our music, in our everyday life, there are so many negative things. Why not have something positive and stamp it with blackness?
you make me so mad..
i don't feel like doing anything today. Fine, give myself a day off. TEDXUSC is on tmr!! Final will be on Mon!!!
have you gone out & looked @ Jupiter & Venus yet? no? go now! (& again on Thurs-they conjunct) plus Mars & Saturn (later in eve)! lovely!
Thank you!! RT : Shouting out for a good cause :)
We just rolled out our global sim and it covers Nicaragua. Would luv to keep you connected and have u try it out!
The Parent - Student Agreement. Don't let your college kid leave home without it! Available on Friday, 4/6 through Amazon
at the mint watching marcus very ordinary...check em out on myspace.
which is more of what i was talking about.
kik is also for like ghetto ass people
UGH! i wana play football today with the guys. ohwell dinner night with #oomf and watch the games
nice pic you seem like a very interesting person
Another day - Another song!!! Writing with and
Hello there! How are you? Did you get my email the other day? Truly hope you can participate :D
big-up everyone who came out 2nite...everyone who performed...and my DJ 4 burnin it down all the way 2 last call...new visuals coming soon!
I'm in the mood to waste all of my problem out now
Son Dambi looks amazing!!!
Bottom of the ninth, down by 3, bases loaded, I'm up to bat. What does the perfect pitch look like to knock it out of the park?
Just keep your roster and stop trying to raid Harry's best players.
today if y'all want
coincidence that the award was given after you left? although it was nice of Charles to give you some ink.
haha awesome man thanks! (:
That annoying moment when your phones about to die and the guys working on the power line outside make your electricity go out -_____-
Amazing turnout and support at the Rindone Re-election Rally! Even ran into my 7th grade teacher here!
I reached my goal...now my soul is at rest.
ASS WEDNESDAY TOMORROW!! Couples night tonight! Couples cover=2-4-1!!
“: I hate when I think of witty things to say after the argument is over...” So true!
they are beautiful high school will be loads of fun for you!
I'M GONNA DIE
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. - Dr. Seuss
How to build a network to help #kidsofinmates: create collaboration among nonprofits and professional groups based on same principles.
Home alone :(
lol I can't go completely bald lol got to many moles
ALSO MAKE SURE YOU CHECK OUT MY WEBSITE www.squalaorphan.com
wait are you talking about me?
Classy, classy concession speech by Tom Perriello - "as my father taught me, Judgment Day is more important than Election Day."
It's Jan Stiglitz. No "e" in his last name. Thank you!
Thank you to all of the amazing #studyabroad offices for hosting us on campus this Fall, we can't wait to do it again in the Spring!
Granny G is going viral!!! Luv it! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Come join me 2night 5:30pm for Extend&Restore Beverly Hills - go beyond a 'stretch' & eradicate the signs of stress + aging!
Fantastic news!
How did crowd react?
having birds on the roof wake you up every morrning not a great way to wake up.
Redskins Preview Week Six: The Eagles
are you talkin bout you me and jo!?!
Big Bill doesn't like paying taxes, but I sure like spending them!
#SaySomethin love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 33
Last day of school then no school till October :(.
Why do people always smack my butt:x
I don't want you, i need you
RT : Year of insensitive fans “: Let's get the chain back on the bike tonight ! #TooSoon? #BikeJokes ...
So exciting to see new faces in class tonight! Yay! :)
It's bottoms up, but its goin down......
I'll be watching! (as always). Go RANGERS!
anyone plan to attend our brown bag on Oct. 25 at 12:30? Whether you'll make it or not, please spread the word to as many folks as you can.
That's was up 7 team parlay that's NICE lol . Ravens -3.5 that's money in the bank !!
If u knew how i felt u would feel the saMe Cheergirl<333
I'm registered!
Co-Job-Stalker Gordon Dymowski presents a nice piece on networking … bit.ly/lXk3F4 … with methods from his mentors.
ik I'm sorry:/ how ya been
Just spent 3 hours packing all my worldly belongings. Now I have no energy to study. Great.
lmao. It's all worth it for that baby elephant tho
not to fast #van jones you will have 4 more years of #Obama 2012 mitt Romney has no dam chance to lead
Idk but I have window in my office where ppl can c w Iam doing. I should not b sending tweets. I am tired.
FIFA12? I don't have gold.
you should stab him with a pair of chopsticks... 10 times...
Self-made or never-made!!
Hey thanks for pointing this out. You should absolutely be able to post a comment. Sending my developer a note now to fix the bug.
ninjitsu... the art of invisibility. But now I've been unmasked!
never knew it was possible to hate someone so much in a matter of minutes.
Most memorable experience ever. Life will never ever be the same. Be grateful for everything.
Wow, I smell a movie, 'Mailbox Time Machine.' I'll get John Cusack's agent on the phone.
thanks buddy!!
Happy Mothers day to my mother. A.Chambers. LOVE YOU!!!! SHOUT OUT TO ALL OTHER MOTHERS IN THE WORLD.
Norma always wore something crazy! She and I had a good friend that would go to SEC with us and she is a razorback!
Thx for link to LuisTeodoro.com, the patriarch journalist. He's half wrong, but since Max Solivan it's hard to find clear thinking.
unlock a badge for 20% off the check in LaGrange! It's free & fun! On your phone go to m.kupoz.com/backalleyburger
starting an amazing wedding for an unique bride
You got it??? or is that from another place?
yes!! I swear I have not laughed so hard
no why would you do that now there's glass and spilled champagne everywhere!!!
Future is a hoe talkin two badd bitches at the same damn time smh lol
omg I totally thought he was joking!
tmr's tuesday .LIKE SIAN ONLY
my bus also hates white people. out of the four of us there no white people.
I LOVE my back dimples ?
I noticed the same thing yesterday and was curious. We live near 44th and France.
RT : Wednesday at The Meltdown, see Ron Babcock, Brent Weinbach, Sara Schaefer, Anthony Jeselnik and more!...
is the "Hawthorne's Dream Imagery" article yours? When you get a chance, please tag it with your name in Zotero.
Inspired every day. Thanks
sounds good:)! And laying in bed, just got home!
you like the couple, Selena y Justin? Yes o No?
great shot! Looks delish!
Thomas can you please follow me back (; it would mean the world to me if you followed me back<3
oven or microwave?
happy birthday to us!!
Thanks so much for coming out to the DigiFest screening last night!
Are you coming back to L.A. while touring?
Enjoying my time in Erie, PA. Lots of creative students over at Girard High School. Ordered in my lunch for some R&R back at the hotel.
It about time for me to do a little "newsfeed spring cleaning"
Thanks for the follow, we are following back.
Stoke city takes down Tottenham #EPL now time for the #NYJ at 1pm
It's very awkward in school now, since I knew them exactly a year ago. Now they're all huge and I'm just like... ugh WHY?
mftross thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Nate we was at the Verizon Center Sarurday to watch u guys. Came from Sikeston Mo (otto's) home town. Nice dunk and nice win
dawg studying for the test Sunday
Damnt I was gonna try and go to sleep, but now I'm gonna be listening to Garth Brooks all night....
Au fond j'crois que la terre est ronde
thank you! Great first day !!!
Waitin' on dat P-God b-Loc solo to drop!!! I can feel da storm comin'!! Expect Straight Ice!!
When you are going to have your minimal pairs app for the droid? I'm in love with your articulation app and so are my students.
for real doe they don't even fill me up lmfaoooooo. You got me hungry as fuck over here
Well tomorrow outta be one interesting day.. #nervous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Sometimes I think I am single-handedly keeping the USPS in business, sending queries and manuscripts.
Thanks for another great weekend! See you again on Thursday 10/6/11
Ah, yes. I too was subjected to Nancy Reagan's propaganda in my youth. :) The 80s were chock full of awesome though!
Great night with #goodfood #goodfriends At trocadero. Fun including dog raging bitch beer. Order up one of those.
Loving the live Bulls game on
#Tower Heist is excellent!
Thanks, however we will not be attending Drupa this year.
thanks! We hope to see you this Friday!
Thanks Signature Live for a terrific performance last night! Next month we r creating a dance floor just for you!!! We just love it!
Good luck to pageant student Sarah competing today in America's True Beauties:)
sorry lost my signal and oh what's yours I'll add ya x
welcome babe you deserve it babe ... Its bad ass!!! So far what I've heard
Well, it was trial and error and countless hours of group therapy, interrogation, and sleepless nights.
followed, follow back? =)
I have two accounts on it one is only for soap related stuff
What do you think about this Justin Bieber nonsense?
Hans Olson is playing at Fatso's Pizza Friday & Saturday night starting at 6:30pm
Good night. I am done.
If you're at the Fair this weekend you can pick some up at the Country Store.
IT'S HARD TO LOOK RIGHT- AT YOU BABY.
lol truly...you sound intoxicated...
ditto RT : Wishing all our friends in #Indy & #Carmel a good race in the #Mini today
#FlyMeToLondon cause I wanna party with you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Entering the new year with excitement. The new Too Many Visitors for One Little House Booksicals ibook with musical narration is out on itu…
Must say I loved FYE, no one song came at me. But in TPS, Shady, KI, Cuckoo & Underneath just jumps at me. Good sign!
A-Rod is thinking Neftali Feliz last year and Valverde right now Holy ____!!!
Hi Joe - We do cold calling, lead generation and appt setting. Please contact for more info.
Tonight was the best. Best buddies, new tattoo, playing with dogs. Wish was around.
Hi, Houston! Bye, Houston! See you in 4.5 hours, NYC!
After a great comeback to make the playoffs, the Rays mojo has continued into Game 1. They're smoking the Rangers
as a Duck fan, I would love a second shot @ LSU, I think they could compete...
Had the same chick trying to tell how to do my dj'n. I played what she didn't like because thats the only information she gave.
Well ya you fit the list and it's easier to keep track :)
RT : Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the follow, Jack!
Coffee with my long lost friend , then an audition I really wanted! Happy Friday!
Thanks love!
RT : There is a lot of work to put in when your attaining something as big as a dream
the awkward moment when you say goodnight but you still tweet . (;
Famed hair stylist Vidal Sassoon dead Los Angeles Times| Hair stylist Vidal Sassoon died this morning at his home in Bel AirHe was 84.
How are players ranked in multiplayer?
Big congrats to and on their recent acquisition. Best of luck as you both venture into your next
Our song is "Always & Forever"; today is our 32nd Anniversary. Thru all the ups & downs- one constant-we are together w/ God & Family
"The Dictator" is exactly like "Coming To America" with a bit of "The Tin Drum" and "The Great Dictator."
OMG! You are SO adorable! I LOVE YOU and it would mean the worldd to me, if you would follow and reply<U+2665> #PutYourHeartsUp <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Yes!! Later this week or next weekend, let's do it! #friendstealing cc
The Amazing Spider-Man is going to be killa dope...but its no Avengers. Lol
Thanks for checking in with us recently , , , and !
yeah I know...
John Palfrey - DPLA Steering Cmte #dpla - Federal and local agencies throwing in their support
Shooting starts in 3 days!!!
Congrats ! You just won the MarkLogic SuperNode award for your outstanding, consistent contributions to
RIP Nick Katzenback, civil rights leader. He was an amazing man and inspiration.
Sad/ bad day but nothing can make me feel better than worship rehearsal
We are pretty sure the combination of London history and hot dogs is almost too good to be true!
I was being serious. I HATE the idea of God and everything you say is quite smart. I'm just white, you know how that goes. lol
Watching queer as folk wish it was still on tv
Very impressed with the depth and resiliance of the Green Bay Packers.
BRYAN ANGER, A PUNTER GETS TAKEN IN THE TOP 100 PICKS
Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone. - G.B. Stern
I'm not the only one with homework, right? Science is such a worthless thing to learn.It's not like I want to be a scientist when I grow up.
So not fair! Wait what dvd's?
#confessionnight sometimes frightened by the dark
"knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad."
we missed you!! It was amazing playing with those guys
Sleeping with the door open scares me :\
RIP Pastor Fred Shuttlesworth, predecessor and mentor to Dr King, a real Lion in the struggle for human rights. Thank God for men like him!
Didn't take long for another MWM client to celebrate... Happy Birthday to William Leon!!
Very inspiring, thanks, Miriam! This is exactly the kind of thing I'd like to do. Linking in our SC archivist
Paul Allen gives huge $300 mil gift to Allen Institute for Brain Science, doubling team to 350+
It's BARGAIN THAT YOU CAN OATH FOR. I think you can find a way to make it work
My favorite quote from my trip to Lisbon, "Let's just fist pump till we die." -Ricky
MT Fed appeals crt blocks more of #AL insane #immigration law. Sprme Crt needs to shut these laws down completely.
yep fuji
THOSE THAT KNO, GET IT/ THOSE THAT DON"T KNO.. NU FLAVA 4 THE LEADERS & THAT BE GENERALS WE GOT U !! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Goodnight world and good morning to others <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
ITPC: is presenting a simplified revision of the records management guidelines document.
Migrating to this account, BUT YEAH DUDE. I emailed Stefanie about it!
For sure, we've got new stuff coming very soon so look out for that
#BootyBounceEditionMix coming up at 7:20am w/ & on ! They getting u ready 4 the weekend!!
@ some non descript japanese basement bar - decibel - with a random group of folks.
Thanks for the add I teach skincare and color cosmetics my focus is to bring the Beauty Counter to you!
Ok, we're gonna give this another go. Stay tuned for updates on our weekly calendar and more free advanced screenings!
Support our Artists at Poised Creation! They support charities in your community!
So excited about my mid-May return to Austin, Tejas!!! #HookEm !!
Here's 1 RT We r hoping 2 liberate our Boehner & having a hard time losing our virginities. Welcome home !
Thanks for the follow!
Things are great. Big plans this coming week?
#Nike Hoops Summit - At the Half, Team USA trails by 18. Shabazz Muhammad leads Team USA with 22 points.
#yankees AJ RISE TO THE OCCASION.
apparently with both the Sabres and Bruins cup hopes
: Motion to adjourn our meeting. I'll need one of you to second so it's not open indefinitely.
when will my dream will come true? the'll never follow me: /
GO HEAT <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
I spend a lot of time on this diet not eating.
yes girl I'm ready now lol
Dear #Glee, please don't ever cover Nikki Minaj again.
Eliska Counce is what all little girls should aspire to be, perfection wrapped in Texas toast #FollowFriday (via )
yeah it's pretty retarded lmao
lol okay <3 when I went to DC there were so many black people lmfao
Just Ordered Georgio's. Waiting For It To Come.
Stay updated with world view and affairs
OK if I ask you what your MAIL code is, why do you give me your WORKER code? Two different things stupid
Great conversation with the folks over at They are going to be doing some awesome stuff.
if you melt a silver coin how much can you get?
I am glad we are twitter friends! :)
Michelle Shocked and Eric Byler were arrested at
I'm going to touch that track. I know I could get my point across. Hoping will let me do it at his spot. Hm.
chin up
What happened to you sucked, but your article was awesome! Thanks for writing it!
No I wont. I wont watch that crap. Hitting the movies or may go skiing
#jmpeasteregghunt RT Tomorrow at 12 Noon! 401 Curry Hollow Road, Pleasant Hills, PA 15236! All ages Welcome!!!!
Priah! RT : Kerry Wood is retiring in front of his fans while Mark Prior is doing towel drills in Boston.
As usual, free guest wireless is worth the money I paid for it. Port 993 is a perfectly legitimate SSL protocol!
News outlets are reporting that the U.S. House and Senate may reach a deal on Senate tax bill (including the #SGR extension). Stay tuned.
feedtime. My ears are ringing.
Thank you Sara!
I challenge you to drink green tea vs coffee tomorrow....let me know the results! :)
Metal object moving about + a super powerful magnet irresponsibly driven around town=another mystery even a fetus can solve.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Gripit Floss Holders and most oral care products.
what's been up sir?
less what?
Mahalo for RT our #JobFair! We're super excited for tomorrow! 10a-4p here at the resort! Come interview ready!
Dr.Sherry, I'm a Indie bookstore mgr. and I just sent an eMail wondering how to get your book for a customer. 2nd one sent
Hey #Blogathonatx check out at the reg desk and her pretty dress!!!
2 New fonts going up for auction on ebay in just a few hours! Fall and Halloween fonts glyphs to be added by tomorrow.
Humor is a universal lanuage. ~Joel Goodman
You know that one person who you always think about how much you hate them while yoo're fucking them.
RT : before people were brands
stay with me, until I fall asleep. Stay with me.
thanks for following me I really appreciate it xoxo
great. now i want second dinner. is that even a thing?
Where did the branded exist in your video? Beginning and/or end OR within the entire video?
“: . So why do Dems only pay $80/day for recall canvassers without any benefits?” Not sure. Ask them
#truelife I'm addicted to country music.
We've had Italian, Mexican and Southern fried chicken for dinner at the D-League #Showcase. Guesses on tonight's #pressboxfood? I say BBQ.
Twitter just got more
some still blame the cat, but I know the socks were the main culprit!
that's what they call a guilty pleasure my friend. We all got em
No allergies. Apparently I just have mutated sinuses. Awesome.
eh I liked scruffy
i agree man I'm looking into summer leagues if your interested
Wow..i get up to help a guy in a wheel chair on to the bus and you take my spot after i tell you to move.
What a great way for libraries to be connected to the ebook industry. Very impressed with the collaboration!
this weekend is so busy....
Ha. killing it #nvgop and... I think he's done quick.
Watching Groundhog Day and I'm Bill Murray.
I take it you are a cheesehead as well?
It's miserable outside, but someone's radio oustide is blasting Martha & the Vandella's "Heatwave." Good way to the day.
Good point RT like Android apps tell me up front what kinds of info app is asking 4--don't know where in iTunes apps
My bad.
THANK YOU TO ALL WHO IS FOLLOWING ME!!! I APPRECIATE IT VERY MUCH
I need " the Hottest Music Singles" retwt
asks What policies would you create to train or retain older citizens to make them more appealing to employers?
I'm fascinated by this #Obama cult developing in our
Going home then Gym..
RT : The trouble with spending $1200 to fix your old car is that when you're done, it's still your old car.
Glad decided to transfer, I wouldnt want ND dealing with you for 4 years. Definitely my favorite non ND player.
ok what should i do about the bullies
Is it just me or does it sound like Siri is rolling her virtual eyes at Zoey Deschanel in that iPhone commercial?
Threw out my back yesterday, can't do much moving. Watching movies I should have forever ago. Just finished Hotel Rwanda. Oy. What a film.
I'm looking forward to the ground being all white and glowy at night.
That's a really great idea. What bars are doing them right now?
why do u only follow 86 people !?
Jesus christ, Gaga. You just gave us all hernias.
@ 2:30 is losing in FIFA all are welcome to attended aka
I don't think being "healthy" means cutting everything you love out of your diet. Moderation is the key as far as I'm concerned.
Thanks for thinking of me, JK. I'll check it out. Hope you're doing well1
Thanks for following me Social Media.
and I are each buying 100 #MegaMillion tix b4 Friday. Who wants in????? Trying to get 10 people for 1K!
*throws up*
Still on season 2. That show just keeps getting more crazy.
This day couldn't possibly drag on any further, could it?
might wait for the next one I heard it skips generations
Jeff - Three Floyds is not distributed in MN. If they ever decide to distribute here, we would hope to have it.
Thanks for coming out last night. It should be a good show! Can't wait to get it posted.
Sleepless night... no likey. Time to be productive.
Hahahah - Me: what if my mom wants to talk to me cause she found your fuckin pipe. / my buddy: tell her its my mini clarinet.
RT if you are from the city and got country ass cousins.
I'm so sorry to hear about ur dog #liljoe, I truly understand how u feel. All the best.
In light of this Sarah Phillips thing, I want to confess I am actually a slightly overweight woman w/ a speech impediment & a limp.
Pretty sure I tore my minuscus skim boarding
Tryna stay up till he get off at 4:00am.. lord help me!
he is though mari ain't a local rapper he can have that
HOUSE, AND SPEND 100 THOUSAND DOLLARS A MONTH ON FRIVILOUS SELFISH THINGS. KARDASHIANS STAY WHERE YOU ARE, LIVE WELL, BUT PLEASE HELP
zulu time is formerly Greenwich Mean Time - Universal time - just add 6 hours from your time zone
When it rains, most birds head for shelter. The eagle is the only bird that, in order to avoid the rain, starts flying above the clouds.
#SchoolCuts #Safety for #Citizens are on the choppin #block due to #16 bill. DEFICIT.
Get over hurrrrrr!(;
your current market thesis is very close to my own. china soft landing, u.s. growth & the eu is stepping up responsibly.
Nothing I just can't stop thinking about meeting Randy :)
Worst Customer Service, Worst Internet Service, Worst Telecom Company in the United States = My vote is for <-- #ClearLies -
Hi Demi I really love you ,you inspire me a lot you always cheer me up when I am mad you are beautiful
Really pissed off...
Please join me at the JCC this Thursday from 9:30-10:30 am for a Quinoa cooking demo!
They're like ninjas..oh wait, they are ninjas LMFAO
Gossip Girl :D
Dude, seriously. That's quite shocking to me, especially given how much of a presence Mormons have in CO.
don't be a wigger.
I'm glad someone understands being responsible!
Just remembered why i dont excercise.... i always end up getting hurt:/
WASS GOOD BOY BOY LOVE U STAY SUCKER FREE EVERYBODY AINT REAL MUSIC AND FOOTBALL STAY ON IT IM ON DECK
just a wee bit.
These are required for success: Self-reliance. Personal initiative. Imagination. Enthusiasm. Self-discipline. Concentrated effort.
When people are only good for watching shows and sonic drinks >>>>>
if I remember right. Yes it did
Bed time. #nowplaying Cooper Point - Don't Be Humble. :)
Where would you go if you click your heels & say "there's no place like home"?
According to it's a mockingbird singing to the moon at night.
Every time I get a text from you I find myself smiling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
At this time next year I'll be a senior
Rare to see such an outpouring of sadness and gratitude when one person leaves us. To positively affect so many lives is a great legacy.
happy mothers day mommy i love you :) <3
photos taken from a users device include meta data that we use to determine accuracy :) Thanks.
Why do you think loll
hey buddy! How are you? No #boogies I hope. That print didn't make it to you yet?
RT Just reported a hazard on State Rte 161 W, Columbus, using Waze - Drive Social
Pi phi phest on bachelor wedding. Good night of commentary.
ight nigga lets meet up in cvs at the epicenter
Watchin robot chicken
Senior year is a joke this is a wasted year to make the schools a little more money -____-
Never been to 2for2... Ha
I get the feeling you're not bullish on using PageRank. :)
Hi Kate, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Long night in the studio...Joey Waronker is killing it on the drums... Can't wait to let ya'll hear it !!!
Speak up #HBCUvsPWI RT : I need these PWI reps to be more vocal at this program.
idk what i'm doing anymroe
so cool! Glad you were able to make the trip.
thank you Ethan
- "radio for conservatives" following me? Conservative radio makes me wish that FEMA death camps were actually real.
Watching the results in NH and rooting for our friend Take the money out of politics and stand with the
Although I feel swamped w work, Grandma Ahn is visiting her grand-daughter for the first time this week, and this makes me deeply happy.
Too bad women aren't suited to dealing with clients on important issues. really did a good job with the scripts.
can't stop thinking about it- we're going to do an #AmazingMilwaukeeRace on bikes this summer!
Mad Men Season 5 starts today. Damn, I can't watch 2 hours of smoke, booze, and Don Draper cuz there's no AMC here. :(( =))
we forgive you.
But still I smile because I need to look strong, and all the while I soldier along.
Congrats on the wonderful finish at the Arnold. Hope the ribs stayed in place. And I'm sure that you're ecstatic about Rousy!
I saw my little brother girlfriend today and I got to admit she bad as hell
now ur turn
You are out of your mind kid!
lol i know you are well when i get back to the shop this week i will let you know prices and shin is that ku wit u
You make a reasonable point. Yet we have to show some differentiation in order to stand apart. RP message is radix
is your team registered yet?! Spots are getting to be limited!!
I wish I knew too.
#FF Have a great weekend
I'm good! I got somethin I wanna holla at ya abt when u get a free 15 minutes
*sigh* I wish he did:'(
I Really Hate That Keyboards Got The "E" Rite Nex To The "W" Cause I Be Texin "Hoe" Insted Of "How" Sometimes....Smh My Bad Lol
The nerve of that guy and his driving eyeballs!
Oh hey snow...
I can't freaking waiit for tmrw morning no joke.hahah
That's a great tattoo! That song & is one of our favorites too!
Today is the 2nd anniversary of my friend Greg Meyers passing. Greg is the example of the difference 1 person can make in your life!
cool, im gonna try and make some of the events today myself.
We have over 1400 followers now on #twitter. Thanks to all you support this cause.
I'm watching FLA/NJ till baseball comes on at 8. Go Panthers!
At "Large Enterprise Social Media Professionals Unite!" meet-up. Looking forward to seeing how others work to get F500s up on SM.
KW keeps saying the finale is crazy!
RT : – Taking fundraising and awareness for Juvenile Diabetes (Type-1) to heart. Please RT
Watching the game on my phone and hoping my battery can make it to the fourth quarter at least.
Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred. - Barbara de Angelis
ON TO THE NEXT 1
The Gov confuses his love for the ACA with constitutionality RT on what is at stake with the Affordable Care Act
Don't buy the glow in the dark stick bracelets from Target. As I bent it to make it glow it broke easily and went into my eyes.
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor. -Vin
i have no much on my mind. something happened in new jersey. i swear his girlfriend did something.
Thanks for following my tweets! Looking forward to the encouragement as I follow you too! God bless!
Guess what today is? A brand new day...waiting for you to rock it. :) Good morning!! Start today with a smile! :)
Happy Record Store Day!
WHAT A DAY!! Loved it! Feeling blessed!! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
The only thing I miss about Spanish is &
Proud to have worked with such a great group of people : [continued]
Blazers step into double digits 3 min into 2Q. Bynum already has a double-double. Lakers bench has 13 points vs. Blazers 13 total.
Happy Friday, friends! Looking forward to a weekend of hiking, wine tasting, camping and fun. Life is good! Hope everyone enjoys their day.
Going to celebrate my daddy's birthday tomorrow at St. Louis :D <3
Who the hell wants to see someone's dick hole on Instagram? Isn't that what Chatroulette is for??
And real coverage at 6 RT For those wondering E!'s coverage for pre-red carpet is all
www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com by inspires me
Say I love you? I'd rather see it lived out, than hear it.
Gotta train myself to start getting up early again. Fudge bucket
oh unfollowed! ratchet ass bitch.
"&I would be like...you're white trash"<U+261D> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
finished the hunger games, book 1 in a wopping 2 days. I'm addicted now. I need to start book 2 asap. I think I might be in love with Peeta.
Thanks! If we can do anything to help, we want to make sure we're available. We all know how frustrating it can be to wait.
send information and music to ... One of our team members should contact you shortly after...
Well I've attempted to post my comment 4x, each time I kept getting an extensively long html/css code for some reason...
that sounds like an oxymoron
Hi from a HS Social Studies teacher in WNY. Twitter brings collaboration for professional and personal growth.
About to DEMOLISH this In N Out: Double-double w/ grilled onions, fries, and a neopolitan shake. BOMB!! I hope this makes yall hungry lol..
im gonna start trainin soon
. Thank you for all your assistance today
they're both mine, i can't help myself. (;
we are drinking the hop sauce at the beer grotto tonight, delish!
Thank YOU. It is hard to write about this stuff, you did a really good job.
how much?
Smells like teen spirit
it's always good seeing and I just love us some him. Thanks for all the support (hug) :)
Wisdom RT : "If you fall in, don't swallow it." Good advice given to Chi River canoe tour guests, ha.
following you back! thanks :)
I just looked up Le Cercle Francais. How fun! I'll have to go to the next one.
Finally time to make that money. Here we go.
Wanna see some of our product? Well watch the nfl draft on tonight. We have items being used as props.
babe dont delete yours!
Henry Rodriguez trying to duplicate last night's awfulness. Bases loaded, Nats up by three, Davey says NO, pulls him.
I just entered the $1 Million Sweepstakes, and you should too! Check it out here:
RT : Un long road trip de 6 match a l exterieur en 9 jours...premier stop San Antonio: 6 road games, nine days,
Baseball over Hockey
happy birthday to my bestieee, love you! (:
Stay Strong Alyssa.
No, we do not.
With all due respect ion think yo hustle even close to my level
So is mikeah jennings
Who cares? W€ W€re all born Dårker once. The universe lacked light. tHen, B°$$KÅ¥ $Hen de Zen, BOOM! †here was £iGHT!! #å=£ RT
Partying into 2012 in nordeast. 2011 was super difficult but also super epic. Drinking champagne to the trials of 2012
Ray Allen Missing Free throws
aww thanks pretty girl....
yes, I have. Lol I took a couple long naps. Good luck!
we're really pumped for your new album you're working on! RT if you LOVE Paramore and
Thank you!
good morn 2 u!!! <3 princess d
We're packing them in for the Hawks game. Get to Theory to cheer them on!!
and hid away in college campuses across America during the Vietnam War! I'm SICK OF IT!!!!!!!! STOP THE NONSENSE! SUPPORT OUR TROOPS!
say hi to for me!
Just a quick one to wish everyone a Happy Labor Day weekend. That is, if you happen to actually have it off. Not many people do, it seems.
ESPN should've checked with you guys!
#jealous RT Today's objective: Become a Santa Cruz beach bum. ;-)
kamikaze generation of web pages for no one and nothing
I'm great.. what holiday is it in Germany?
“Yet the sole purpose for which the divine Prophets appeared was none other than the establishment of love and goodwill.” #239DaysLive [2/2]
yo even doe we have our ups and downs youre like a sista to me .I love you my little dudee
Ppl who say Ky is "scared" of IU are idiots. We want 2 play on off campus venue. Nxt year wouldve been at rupp if it stayed same
#Packers schedule is out Now!! Hm.. Let's see.
That was embarassing!!!!!
I got yu
New song call party next door check it out
Thanks to everyone who went to the New Mexico #NSHMBA mixer last night. Had a blast meeting some new friends. See you at our next event!
Well...apparently I've been spared from the rain. At least I got a light show.
CRASH: I-5 south @ I-205, left lanes open, delayed back to Nyberg
LOL u couldn't believe it RT : O yea somebody is tall in real life! Like foreal real life lol ..............
RT : Top 10 stupid Twitter tricks. Follow no one, accept no follows, and tweet to yourself
I would personally like to be Belle! My dad has always said he'd love to drive buses -- take people to the happiest place! :)
thank you for unfollowing
hahahaha iRT : Listening to Ruff Stuff-AC/DC on the way to work...
I've been on the swisher since early, I don't even need to get violent!
lol whatchu know bout them photoshoots haha yeah we can do something.
I mean really... would you rather pay for someone to find you an apartment in #Chicago? ;)
GREAT interview. So proud of how far you've come since b4 twitter & FB. xx
I have been loving the pup photos. Very cute.
#kids Fun on the Farm at Country Critters Farm, Sat, May 19 10:00a: Bring the family out to Country Critters Farm for Fun on the Farm....
Yay! the cougars are district champions! Good good guys!
Haha, and they look stupid. People will buy into anything that makes it "easy", exercise, and diet promote weight loss.
I don't get caught up in praise. I find it about as useful as criticism. Neither one are allowed to alter my course.
I've never loved the phrase "it's not what you say, it's what you do." Everyone is accountable for their words AND actions :]
#sopa is doing the worst thing to man.!
Two-faced people. <<
They must be almost unrecognizable!
Just got off wk....gotta do it all over again in the mornin..u know how it go.. Get this cash..
Dear god, I see clouds outside. Just letting you know if it rains u owe me $8.50.. I just washed my car. Yours truly, Byron
We all remember the first time a cute guy was your friend months before discovering you and your brother weren't dating. Or is that just me?
On move out day you get to see everyone that never comes out of their room!
got it will get back to ya in a bit
Yes, it is. #life RT : Its all so exciting!
So ready to walk around Lake Merritt again 2morrow. 3.5 miles around it. So that makes a total 4.5 miles per day. Get it rite keep it tight.
Haha I havent sang anywhere in a while! Plus I didnt even know you wanted to come watch until like last week!!
It looks like David Prosser may have just pulled ahead by 40 votes overall. Picked up in Winnebago County. Still unofficial.
Thanks for following! What a great platform you have created. We help finance #startups/co's that are premature for a bank line.
haha okay. I'll move into Tories room. :)) it's pink.
$500 karaoke contest this Thursday at 9pm! We can't wait to see/hear all the talent in
Martin for Ruutu. Bring up Despres. Ruutu plays with Sid and Dupuis. Keep Kunitz with Malkin and Neal.
I always introduce a hatin ass nigga with my middle finger. Get well acquainted.
Death of cat I've had for 16 years. So glad kids don't get it. I'm having hard enough time.
Also, everyone knows that Mariah Carey's 'Fantasy' was the only jam, ever. In all of time. Silly kids.
ha! Or sorting the recycling. Sanding a chair or table in need of refinishing. Shabby to Chic Birthday Party.
Flying #Porter. So long MDW. I'm heading for the warmer climes...of Canada.
Moving downtown next week swwwweeeeetttttt
Lol i don't know i never thought of writing songs but i have to go i will talk u l8ter kk ;)
RT : South Korea Christians Protest Over Lady Gaga Concert //Misguided protests #LadyGaga was educated at Catholic school
Driving me crazy. Been pretty solid up to this game; the most important of the whole tournament!
True. IT WILL HAPPEN ONE DAY.
my need for cough drops today is downright absurd. if only i had some. or one.
No Mother's Day Brunch at Got anthing special at night for mothers of SD?
Bradley: Google does a fantastic job of pointing you to the info you need, none of which is peer-reviewed in the classic way.
get the fuck over here!
you fucking with those Nike foams bro?
i love the Crawfish Etoufee (a bit spicy) always gets the Shrimp Czarina which is also awesome.
:-) RT : Sorry rightly corrected me. New show is called "4th and Forever."
Its crazy how much parents know...
i have some #ideas that i need to share with yoo ;D when ur available just tweet back nigg.. ;D
hahha i never noticed that!
Sixers are on
In the call -- made on March 21 -- Michael says my girlfriend attacked me in my apartment and then I told her I was calling the police
Missed my cheerleader yesterday!
Behind every successful woman is herself!!
Hello Saturday!
We have fresh ops for attorneys posted. Also if your interested in a business partnership with some successful law firms, we have new posts
I think his middle name is Edward not Fucking. Just saying..
would u date me when im 25 skrillex ? xDD
Shame on North Carolina. You are the laughing stock of the union.
Gladys and come see me for your Lincoln products!
If you're not pushing thru to do what you know....You May Be Missing A Vision That's Clear Enough & Big Enough. Go Big! Go NOW!
Never thought I would say this but the scenery on I20 is beautiful right now. Wild flowers and the color green.
In our session this afternoon, I think I might share my Lego vs Battleship models of academic research.
G.M.N.I.: Indeed. The stupidity I have just come across has helped in solidifying my decision. Movie night it is.
the best part of waking up... I then sang the rest while Drunk uncle slept "Is that what you think One Direction?"
Really enjoyed this last panel. Music, fashion and art is what made Detroit and is what will take Detroit to new places
will do. Thnx for the support
As the Super bowl approaches, you should know that space alien comic chars are quite challenged in regard to football abilities. Surprised?
Jesus, if that's the case, Twitter is really fucked.
That's a Whole Foods 1st. A staff member just asked me what code to use on someone else's item.
Shack racing, searching for Easter eggs I feel like a kid again lol
I'm new to twitter, after much resistance. I only signed up because Keith Olbermann did :) and to build a following for my books!
Tbh tatts look hard on skinny people '
Kitten. Sheesh i'm tired.
Better a smartass than a dumbass.
LOVING 's new seasonal flavor BUTTER BEER! Just around for a limited time!!
thanks! Glad to see you joined twitter.
Hey East County!! Is it raining by you this afternoon!? Let me know, send me a Tweet or email me at
RIP to the 92 children that have been killed in Norway. This is the end result of racism.. #RT <3
hello! You can still use your iPad...just visit www.tomorrowbook.com For your searches!
Happy Monday Newark! How did you enjoy your weekend in our great city?
It says request could not be completed!!!!!!!!!!!
get your blackberry!
I can't wait to visit the kids at the orphanage! Counting down the hours :)
I only do box-wheels.
I remember when you used to be my friend and help me with this stuff..
Great shots from the Air and Water Show. #State fair, #Air and #Water #Show? Who did what this gorgeous #weekend?
30 Nostalgic Photos From Mashable Readers
To the couple making out next to me: it's simple. Stop.
RT : Ask yourself: What does the consumer want/need next?
You'll move on and forget me. I know you will.
blast your fav music as loud as you can!!
** waits for reply message* == while elevator music plays...
what was that one called? the beach sandwich? i'll take that one.
Al Pastor and Lengua are on the Menu. Serving between 6th and 7th street on Walnut.
aggregated through a 30 team time share
ok i will! it's a great idea. if i could just make the beverage pouch into a basketball hoop.
with pujols gone, who's your guy now?
Maybe it's because good things require a lot of time then again maybe not?
answer the phone please dude
I swear my drawing is what it looks like... it's the only choice I could draw :P
I would guess the more acculturated you are the more you identify with Hispanic.
aaaawwwwwuh! you better do it now that you're graduating! i don't want you getting in trouble :)
5 whole minutes?? Oh Don. You romantic
love you.
awesome links! nice project
My mouth hurts like crap!! :( my mouth was numb and swollen t school so I couldn't really talk!! Fill like drinking a milkshake!!(:
Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake Cake. =)
Damn I'm being so lazy today
Sweet Debbie's will cater Lululemon's "12 Days of Fitness" final event on Sat, Dec 24th at 13559 Ventura Blvd. in Sherman Oaks at 11 a.m.
thanks for the mention...love storify!
Will Maksim return? Is the pope Catholic? Is Seven Up?Does he like living indoors?
we weren't going out of our way to tweet you. We were tweeting all night.
who needs cardio stress tests when you have the Dawgs?
Simply Red Hot Chili Peppers
Kinda of bored should be up dis late lol
One hand washes the other, both hands wash the face No man is and island Meaning we need each other in life and we were designed that way.
Well u will be one of the FIRST bruh.. U know how STUNNAHS do
Long Hair? Let me Guess, you dont care?
IM NO A GOLD DIGGER I JUST CANT STAND A BROKE NIGGA...YA BANK ACCOUNT BETTA NOT BE EMPTY CAUSE MINES AINT.
it needs work, but I also wrote a 7500 word paper this semester about bots, their power, and bot development frameworks
it is done
awh youre too sweet!each girl has insecurities but you make us feel loved<3 love you Kendall!<3
Sean Payton gone for one year, Williams indefinitely. Not a wrist slap
Malcolm McCormick. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Hey! We have 1234 followers. Haha! Cool! :)
ti I was thinking about that too. Is it a Chinese or Japanese thing?
Sometimes I wonder how long it will be before I get cancer in my right testicle from keeping my phone in my front pocket
seriously, nana, we gotta get rally manis on sunday. go brew crew
People that dont text you back #smh. *cough* *cough*
I'd pay $1 billion for you to stop sharing your Instagram photos with me.
when are you guys playing in Denver next? Hopefully a smallish venue like the Bluebird?Ogden?Fillmore? -Chicago Ex-pat
Tried to send this before, don't know if you got it. Try a 'Hybrid'. Great for first time owners. They are hard shelled trailers.
Happy Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, everyone!
Next on the , breaks down the rubber match of the Yankees-Rangers series. Listen Live on at 7:30.
Good job!
probably Ethiopian 'Getatchew Mekurya' (sp?), who made a record and toured with venerable Dutchmen 'The Ex'. So good
It looks kind of cool.
cheer uniform!!!
well said, but i'm finishing the night with some sons of anarchy
Thank you for your warmth, generosity & openness, Talking w/ others who have had miscarriages helps ease the pain. Take care!
new recipes posted every day! #recipes #health #gluten free #great recipes
thanks for the follow!
Keep an eye on the weather....pretty severe stuff headed that way.
cannot wait to see #adele tonight at the #grammys. she's an artist & the friendliest person alive -really = breaking news on
Just bought a ukelele. Finally can instrument I can take to the beach..! At 5pm... When all the other redheads come out.
...move on dude...especially if it's followed by, "it's me, not you".
Thurs- Sounds by Fri- Sounds by after the #Knicks game (cc: ) Sat- Sounds by
Some day. MT upgraded to Google #chrome v19 but the tab syncing isn't working.
Uh, you're on your own with that one.
Renewed chemical weapon threat awareness across the world, even though US/Russian stockpiles are mostly secure in storage. Be prepared today
Woah! Why did you make the switch?
I loved that commercial and my 12" PowerBook!
prove it
That's #false. Quit lying to me lol
Hope it turned out great! RT : just filmed a segment in my office about pastel haircolor! tune in tomorrow during the 8...
I need some admin staff. Know anyone?
look back at my tweets
I just finished practing my Morse Code. I am still getting some letters mixed up like "S" & "H" (... & ....).
what am i doing now? taking college classes, but theyre free
Goodmorning world & #happyfriday... What's yall plans for the weekend?
We refuse to market any products that don't take into consideration individual fitness goals, needs and limitations. MindFirstFitness.
All the love this morn - THX 4 coming out on your holiday weekend to join me!!
I'm using for a Bay Area proj & getting great images that really capture the mus experience through the eyes of visitors
it's magic!
Looking for some great decorations and casino themed ideas? www.partyzone-rentals.com
What if sunblock was a placebo...you think it's blocking the sun but it's not?
link up with the #11, he's been a great pusher today.
forgot how much i love the movie "what's eating gilbert grape." oh, and "a league of their own." it's been an AMC themed few days.
you don't drink
I hope you guys have a great day! :)
Thanks and for showing us and everyone else Coffee House a great time this past Saturday!
I'm ready for a killer thunder storm!
Just got back from shooting in San Diego. Had a great time!
It's a listening, lay by the pool, do nothing, kinda Wednesday!
Friday fact: Each foot is made up of 26 bones and 33 articulations. They are joined together by over 100 ligaments.
Check out & Like The Anthem () :)
lol i hate cold water aha
Loved that "Nell" reference
Hawaii Warriors Linebacker Drafted by St. Louis Rams: A Fan’s Take
good idea... What made you want to attend one?
kk who u think won ?
go hard or go home
Fresh lettuce...ranch dressing 3 cheeses.....on a flour tortilla
You do all that work and I reap the benefits. Most excellent! Looking forward to the shirt. But seeing you more so!
RT : "Our critics are our friends; they show us our faults." -Benjamin Franklin
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout D
I love getting cookbooks from the #library. They're so expensive to purchase (esp. if they have photos) & I often just want a couple recipes
Undoubtedly the coolest thing about the #KindleFire is the silk web browser which takes advantage of the Amazon EC2 / AWS infrastructure.
sorry dude. They traded up for five WR's.
Spoke to #VA Young Dems yesterday, w JimMoran. Great energy to
I think the issue you will find is that any "destination" you ask a kid about - they will point at adult as guide
game tonight. Have a safe flight to Phoenix.
snow flurries in texas...getting a glimpse of a white Christmas tomorrow? hope so..
New to Twitter but it's pretty cool
dogs always win
If Dr. King was alive today, what would he be tweeting?
Platinum Vision Clearomizers now available in 6 different COLORS and Low Resistance models! BLACK,BLUE,GREEN,RED,PINK, & Clear Colors :)
Wats sup y'all, it's brick here what's the score on the game let's go magic
I'm sick and tired of hearin' about what a great hockey team Philly has. Screw 'em! This is your time!!
Omg did that really just happen? That was fucking amazing!
they'll get there. Diabetes research just needs more funding. It's appallingly low compared to some others
": Thank you for the great conversation today at lunch! #TeamWork" good things ahead!
Finished Week 4 Day 3 of C25K. Week 4 kind of kicked my ass, especially day 2. Today, helped to dance/run through the painful parts.
hahahah yea that's true
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours. -Les Brown
great game by the #kronum Tbacks today - total team effort.
personally I'm old school and my notes are all handwritten- so I definitely have several pages!
You know you've grown up after you realize Donnie Darko isn't a good movie and the writer didn't understand it anymore than anyone
Nice photo.
IF mitt romney would be President, there would be no "need" to worry about the deficit, he'd cut all programs and KEEP ALL the money himself
Thanks 4 generous support from & Partnership 2Gether 4 Conf on Future of Holocaust Testimonies @ W.Galilee College Israel
haha jk I'm cool...yeah a little more work...it's a journey and I'm enjoying the process...how's things with you? Gigs? CD?
what's FF
Wearing both my hats at 's #toccon session, The Library Alternative. How can pubs and libs work together for mutual benefit?
I can't wait to play hockey this coming winter! :)
Congratulations to Ashley McClellan, COO of Medical Center of Lewisville, named the DFWHC young healthcare executive of the year!
I mean, if you're going to slice your hand open, might as well do it while you're cutting limes. That makes it sanitary, right?
the only block I get down with is LEGO ya dig? -sigh- Wish I was a kid again....:p
When I miss that special someone <
got anything on Nickelodeon shows Hey Dude or Salute Your Shorts?
RIGGED DOOD IT'S SO RIGGED YOU ARE A LEGEND
Watching Tony Bourdain geek out over food never loses its charm. <3
Tyler Jones, welcome!
I'm looking directly at your doppelgänger right now. And I'm on a college campus so it's even weirder!
I think most kids do that. Me and you prob did that a lot. It's called learning to grow up.
Zombie time
It depends on the server technology your using. Less for .net and Sass for open source.
My goodness, who doesn't know about the beautiful ??? #Supermodel !!!
yes. And Funky and Chunky's cousin.
Your heart is made to break; its purpose is to burst open again and again so that it can hold evermore wonders.~Andrew Harvey
i'm in - carpool?
That silent moment you have when you sit next to the person you like.
WHAT'S #TOWIE X
#GoingRed with eggs, spinach and bacon!
It is those who concentrate on but one thing at a time who advance in this world.
Vodka brand vodka = devil
My dad sometimes messes up the spelling of my name...I mean I get that you dropped out of school in 6th grade but YOU chose my name!! Smh
#listen. Don't judge relationships when you haven't been through a lot..
And curse those many many blogs whose posts do not play well with
you will have to join me, I go every Thursday!
nice chatting with everyone tonight!
#NSRC2012 awesome to see engines firing at this year's flight provider updates!
blake griffin for slam dunk champ.in second place will be javal magee.Third'll be dorozan and fourth will be ibaka.
What did you name your Todd? (CC: )
Fix the OTHER levels to make 'em harder...
Quit dropping them? I still have my 1st generation ipod touch.
that's the university of Florida for ya. Florida State U at least seems to understand info & comp sci needs.
Thanks. We try.
LOL “: Over there jammin lol I see ya girl”
Is it possible to get a headache from learning too much?
WGN-TV News Anchor Mark Suppelsa To Enter Alcohol Rehab Program
My sister just baked these cookies theyre so fucking good i feel like the cookie monster
I think buster has seen better days.... I'm amazed he's lasted for so long! How many times has he been rebuilt?
happy birthday hope u enjoy :-)
We totally got
I love
I like it!
...ILL OBVZ MAKE TIME.
hey man-i work for Hampton and play EH once in awhile.do u play from the tips?either way 73s a pretty good score-my best is 75
Cathie and I just watched the movie Fair Game and I loved it and despise the way that the Bush Administration manipulated facts to go to war
dad's booking greece tickets this week <3
I see ur making moves into the party house!!
Im a good person...its just that people take me for granted, and thats not wasup !
I just got a Twitter but have followed your career for quite awhile, you're an amazing person and good luck with Chiodos(again)!
Middle aged men take an average of 5 times as long to get an erection than younger men do.
Happy, happiest of New Years!
I'm spending the day moving into my new studio in Orange Park, Florida. I will be posting everything on my website this week
Busiest school field trip day for us so far this season. It's a running shoes sort of day. We're having fun!
- excellent work on the chat AND the product. Unbridled brainstorm...
Devils send it to 7.
I am very excited and honored to have received the endorsement of Clean Water Action!
Who are these people who use Netflix DVDs for an icecream finger painting class?
I think that is accurate. Maybe in practice it's not borne out but I think that's the gen. rule.
Finally, World Market brought back the Castella prosecco I love so much! It's been over a YEAR. Totes bought 2 1.5 liters :3
People got life fucked up fo some reason....my life is all gravy baby..
hey! Where ya been? Hope all is good!
Good Night ALL:)BuonaSERAAAA A TUTTI=) come stain??
Fun Merch??? I want some :)
More Vodka, More Creativity!
I hate it so much when things don't go as you plan.
I am so tired...and the weekend of 7am till you drop shifts haven't even started yet.
I never had his number! He somehow got mine!
I sometimes think, 'wow, grapes make delicious wine' - 'would raisins make a delicious shot?' - answer= yes.
www.buywithme.com to feature pilates deals for East Village Body Shop on Thursday, August 18th!
Looking for a nice place to call home? Check out Southridge Apartments in La Mesa! Call (619)462-1940 to schedule a tour of our complex!
In pacsun all day today by myself bored -___-
get crackin' on iphone crokinole feat. swipe physics.
no doubt that you'll be amazing! good luck and looking forward to buying you a celebratory drink at
Not feeling this
what a great start! keeps impressing me! Pack Attack
Spring break finally! To bad I'm only in Port Washington for the week but it's awesome already
D-Wade has posted Darren Collision up every chance he gets...help needs to come. Make Wade give it up.
trying out this twitter app
hi nick! i loved youre concert when you guys were at the bok center. it was awesome! how are you?
hoes gone b hoes . but there people . so treat then how you wanna b treatded
so many upcoming clothing brands! and no ones is distributing for them! thats why were here! the freshnripe movement has started
I hope he keeps beating it! Send me the link to your blogpost on #LLS so we can read it! ( )
A5: I expect brands to listen via all mediums especially social media
Dedication: G. LOVELAND, I love you Grandpa. You left too soon. Always in my heart. I feel your presence. I love you. -Vanessa
Blue Man Group tonight...it's going to be crazy! Our goal is to get Denise pulled up on stage with them. She'll never forgive us!
we think the whole thing was a dream which was why the top was still spinning. You never saw it fall on it's own...
very long day! ... started off as judges in the city of garden contest started at 9!
Get A Fawkin Life Seriously We Don't Need Haters!!-.-
say no moe
The Web Chick
Big pile of stuff I put on the floor calling my name....good time for hearling loss to set in....
Jokingly told I wanted to hear "Just a Friend" by Biz Markie last night... they closed the night with it.
very nice. Maybe I'll visit the North Woods this summer.
Interesting concepts about the victim triangle where people can be victims, persecutors, and rescuers.
": RT : #TwoThingsThatDontMix ugly chicks with pretty girl swag"
“This sky where we live is no place to lose your wings so love, love, love.” - Haviz
I had a great day at MaRS tuesday--and beer. Didja know that 1/2 of the running lean seminar was women! Unprecedented. Gd Job
goodnight!!! <333 hope you feel better :)
Rest in peace MCA.. you will be missed
Learned how to use Illustrator this week, had fun making a new cover photo for my org's Facebook page!
Getting ready for what is sure to be a fun and crazy weekend. Be safe everyone!
Twitter vote needed on my move pic Detroit rock city , dazed and confused or walk the line
Landed in LA - excited to hang out with Jess and Alli and eat some yummy Korean tacos!
Beiber? Really? Hope Cotto comes out with Mark Anthony to counter.
When it feels like everything is falling apart look to your other half & build yourself back up again it's well worth it.
Merry Christmas!
Ran into high school boyfriend (and his bride to be) on the street. Weird.
God's laws come first, which is fine but he's going to receive blow back from that is all.
lmao I meant rain.. Im using swipe on my phone n hit sent lmao
Fuck this I give up.
Did everyone get the November Summa Newsletter? What did you think? Didn't get and want to - send us a note.
Yea! I've always wanted to visit Finland or Denmark, but the cold weather scared me away. This scenery is almost a mind changer!
Well, hun it was created to show our dislike towards the refs and be rebelius against the league
Thanks, Dave! and you are great company to be in! This issue of #Secret_Avengers is fantastic!
when did it get to this
No more reports!! Am catching up with DrawSomething, then off to bed.
Thinking of buying a Mac for development purposes. Any suggestions?
But forreal tho...a nigga back hurt...I need a little TLC...so what's up with that massage tho
I've heard of gluten free beers.....
Tringled is coming together. We did some ADR and now it's time to get down to the little details. Done on Mon or Tues. Whew!
RT : defeats Pike 5-3, overcoming the group stage loss and advancing to the semi-finals to face Alpha Sig on Thursday
Allen West watch out they attack who they fear..
I had same problem so just bought 1 tighter belt RT : No pants fit me... no money to buy smaller pants.
I love it when my customers send me cute photos of their product in use, especially when it's a pet photo.
R. Crumb's influence on West Coast comix art is like Jackson Pollock's on finger painting. No kid, you really CAN'T do that. 1/2
PLEASE FOLLOW Me!Deezy_Mahomie5 ismy bestfriend she turned me into a Mahomie it washer bday a few days ago so please follow me
I'm talking using actual Real Madrid players for my foosball set
. just announced SAP integration with to bring social into existing CRM business processes
Dinner tonight at one of my fave restaurants Wild Ginger, where the food is awesome and the asian hostesses have incredible style.
hahaha you already know
Barca really switch off at the end of the half, don't they?
can I get a RT for all your fans way down in the lone star state! <3
< salute one of my most loyal followers. wow man thanks for hanging wit me
Neoliberalism is an inherently flexible and in some respects even an aleatory crede, as Hayek himself prescribed it. cf Peck
okay I got you!!
WOW! When did Smashing Magazine start looking so freaking messy??? So much crap on the page. Yuk
*Face Palm*
I'm influential in Ron Jeremy. Not sure how that works, since he has the outtie.
What the actual fuck are you talking about!? Im confused...
Drove up Abilene Rd in Aurora two days ago between Iliff and Mississippi and smelled some amazing BBQ all down the street...
For new followers - trying to build new web site specializing in HR Resources. Continue to offer free promotions to all twitter followers
great success!
Digging this beat!!! #JuiceAndVodka luv my
The uber-designed experience at makes me think of Disneyland, x 1000. Every detail considered.
Somehow that seems within the realm of possibility ": I am just waiting for the day someone hits your parked bike"
7. day but I feel so good that I will continue being raw. My skin got much better and I also got rid of the sugar, coffee and gum cravings:)
What's The Numberr? for y100 miami.
#UMW's Invoice. My new FAVORITE thing. GREAT CONCERT.
Ready to be home from week long #neara11 Ready to be back n my running routine even though I had some gr8 runs n chicago
Think I felt my heart split in half what I figured out my celebrity crush is older than my mom.
Those hilarious conversations you have on the phone with !
Thanks to Ryan from for stopping by this morning and meeting with our coaches.
No problem! Enjoy! Let us know how the show goes!
text me
Yes, every Saturday morning we run on the track or the hills at VistaView park off 75 and Griffin! How u feeling?
I'm currently wearing my OKC #0 jersey...
John Tavares advances in NHL 13 cover race, Pavel Datsyuk is his next opponent.
you're wrong
Best believe im checking in lol
nobody is tweeting. I'm bored. I'm going to go do my math homework
there is only like 2 weeks of school left!!! #YEE <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Alas we had mixed results--on 1 we couldn't get InC to read stories properly, on other InC went fine but images reverted in InD.
till next mon
My definition of a crush is someone you wait around for to be with and never have the courage to get with...*looks around* that ain't me
Discussing now at #PCUS: What's the impact of the transition to e-books? Some schools running pilots to give students e-readers to test.
no Mac makeup
after 10months this teacher still doesnt understand that we dont give a fuck-.-
"August rushes by like desert rainfall... One wishes for more But it suddenly turns to leave, Dragging summer away." - Elizabeth M. Taylor
Anyone else watching #TheVoice?
Get ready kiddies for pictures to come along with more goodies.
Won't have my phone from Thursday night until idkcwhen.
I've gotten so good at lying to myself.
Don't forget...TOMORROW: Drink on us , 10p! Sam Adams anyone?
Thanks for the follow. Let me know when you need some ad libs and promos.
whenever im ready
My thoughts on Guy Fieri: love his hair, hate his Big Lots exclusive salsa line.
#musicmonday Tyrone Wells!! He will be playing a concert Saturday night at the Games June 5 '10. www.tryonewells.com
nice reception and after pass rush!! #GoRyan!
DPLA Beta Sprints have started. Impressive!
it aint nothing wrong with saggin but when ur pants is under ur ass it make u look dirty
Mix games are alive and well in San Diego! We have a full 20/40 game at Palomar right now! Hoping to
Or the girls just aren't as good as the guys- once again... we'll see!
Do you need help balancing your blood sugar? Then you need to drink our Aloe Vera Juice daily. Just a shot glass will do!
Follows me! How did I not know this?!
A shoutout to both of you for being awesome! <3, RR
I will always love the part in the #Sabotage video when the car comes flying over the hill. Such a great song.
Which made the neighbor's dog bark, which made our dogs bark.... And then the trains... Goodbye peaceful Sunday, my elusive friend.
You know what would be awesome to have? A wood chipper.
Used 40" fully automatic die cutters with stripping available from $55-70,000! Email for more info. Or call 888-BRAUSSE!
#GoingRed with a warm tuna and kale salad!
I'm really excited to see Baskervilles next, I'll have to watch that after work!
My Comfort Food : Blue Crabs!
ohh shytt, I ain't been on here in a LONG time! o:
You mean bored?
What I miss?
Day 61 of 100: I am thankful for persevering through fear - that just means that I'm outside my comfort zone :)
INTRODUCING MY 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOK SERIES SOLD ON AMAZON.COM. ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM, LOWEST PRICED LEGAL FORMS SITE ON THE WEB
It’s thirsty Thursday Milwaukee! No brewers today…let’s prep for tomorrow’s game!
oh awesome, would love to meet you both #2for1 :)
RT : True friends will loan you their dongle.
#Obama and his family will leave Martha's Vineyard on Saturday
how are u today?
Will anyone notice if I wear my "Startup" shirt again?
Took a photo class this semester, so I was going to submit a couple of photos.
Follow me on twitter
Safe Travels & #CLIPPERS RT : Good moods, good vibes on the team plane. #Clippers headed to San Antonio for...
Waow Little Monster
Getting students to recognize educational scaffolding through games - achievements for awesome
I support gay marriage, because maybe they won't get divorced at such a high rate as the rest of us dumbasses.
Congrats Coach!
Always a sucker for dreams-denied stories, I still cry every time I think back on short film "Tsuyako", seen at #SDAFF12 .
talking about the Gutenburg parenthesis at
will do! Thanks man
What do you guys think of the band "Fun." ?
Half Priced Bottles of Wine
Working on making the transition from REAL Video to Flash video for our faculty. Ease of production pathway is key.
I'm gettin sleepy now
Ab ripper X is crazy intense!! Ahh my abs hurt! >:o
Looking forward to participating in "Social Media Marketing" book launch event tonight at USA Today!
I'm fairly certain I'm finished populating so can I just like...punch out or something? Haha
LIV creations is up online! Check us out at www.LIVcreations.com!
Not necessarily. In 1978 I played "Black Magic Woman" for girl who'd requested Fleetwood Mac. She didn't believe it was Mac!
« - So novaa been playing dead for like 5 minutes , lol until we all left her all there , yall i promise my dog is a person .»
Rude Mechs at Dance Theatre Workshop. See their show- it's fantastic!
This boat's about to set sail
Thankfully, I am not a nerd, so I have no knowledge as to the accuracy of this statement. :D
that's so like Britta from Community
thanks! I realized,though, that they supply laptops with the presentation set up so i'll just use that
I am so excited about the release of my ever first song and collaboration with a longtime friend! Cant wait for you to hear it! #EXCITED!
It seems my brain is ten times faster than my mouth. I can think of all these different things, but find it hard to speak about them.
Good luck Jackie, you'll be missed!
15 years have passed and Billy Zane could still put it in.
Indeed, I think I my be able to finagle some more time off, but I like the feeling of the deadline looming, feels good
Ight im off this <U+270C>twitter suckin up my juice!
Someone BUNTED AGAINST THE ROYALS. Ned Yost is conflicted.
Looks like I'm going south, way south.
nicely done!
Feel the fear and do it anyway
Thanks for not only adding us but also tweet the world about it. Arthur Scholar.
#np #explosionsinthesky. Unwinding after this busy day!
#Thatawkwardmoment for my boys when theyre acting like mannequins and one of the kids from their school walks by hahaha
thanks! :D
where the hell have you been
following fanny aha :D
Friday's Flatbread: Citrus Infused Chicken w/ red peppers, bacon, jalepeno, provel/mozzarella Soups: Tart Cherry Gazpacho or Korean Vegetabl
Guess I'll just make the best out of a shitty situation
A chip off the old Doc.
Dictionary tells me that "hell-for-leather" may be used as an adverb and it dates from 1920, but not where on earth the phrase came from.
your words of encouragement uplifted my life and spirit..when u want to accomplish it all plant a seed.
i fucking luv Back porch. its freaking sick man, u guys should make a video for that song
We're back Next Wednesday Night! 830pm!
weights today?
The truth is all that I can hear every time you lie
You're welcome! Would love to have you participate in our Career Fair on 5/16 in #ROC! Has anyone contacted you yet?
I saw you but had to go
A guy on this MAX feels that fare enforcement is 'fascist' ... seems a bit dramatic.
"thanks for putting the power to change the world" :)
Just got 200 followers! Thanks all! Let's make it 500 by our April 7th Event!
why do you have to point out my back fat ?
Do you like quality and quantity for the perfect price? Come in today and find your perfect ring, necklace, bracelets, knives, gifts & more!
Ready for some HOUSE music tonight w/my boi
#2ThingsIWant Summer and you
great! Miss u
Well the Stoner63 does the most damage but Commando is sick in zombies um 4 snipers i like WA002 n in pistol i like C275 :)
Exec. Chef - Catering, Mark Schmidt, answers questions during Celebrity Chef Q&A at Hospital Food Fight. Send us you Q's!
My #Derby pick: Creative Cause. But "the most exciting 2 mins in sports"?? I don't think so. Right ?
Everyone is making fun of my voice :( hate having a sore throat. can I go home? /:
Maybe i'll hit the City Today!
got to run. Forgot I'm volunteering at 11. See you at 12 for meeting
After all this time...you only THINK? ;) RT : I think likes me. He repinned my firstoriginalPinterest info graphic. :)
RT Did global warming destroy Joplin, MO, 's hometown? Great piece in , with stunningly angry comments.
Remember to thank God today for what he did for us!!
About to go meet up with Cloub 9 from the Va down in the ATL go check out that hot single "Nino Brown" they go hard!!
Wonder if 65 south is a deadlock yet
Done. Good luck!
means u nasty
Gotta be you...<U+2665>
The L.A. Backstage Tour, February 2-5, 2011. For information, call L.A. Acting Workshop at (407) 876-0006 or e-mail
I love thunder storms... Wish it smelled like rain in arizona..
True fact. RT : the baseball internet is going to have a stroke when jamie moyer pitches to bryce harper
Trust you are being guided home.
Some very undignified disclosures
Saw an article about people getting throat cancer from sucking dick.Looks like chain smoking really isn't my most dangerous lifestyle choice
At Kings Island with
What shows are you seeing this weekend?
either, but if we rent one I'll make you dinner
tuff lost 132 but keep your head high! Your still the man! Props to Leban aloha from
all over a $1 smh just another day on 11th st
do you really think he gets parts for his acting skills?? C'mon...thats kinda Megan Fox
RIP Dick Clark :(
Now Playing: Hall & Oates, Private Eyes!! Don't judge me motherfucker!! Haha!
Playing a gig tonight with at cafe 1001. There will be food, beer, pretty ladies and handsome chaps. All invited.
So. Many. Alpacas in Warwick, NY.
hey, how is it going?
I feel like I really messed up with #oomf I see her in the hallway and she just gives me that look smh
We have a hard time with $4/gal gas but consider that the military pays $130/gal in Iraq and Afghanistan
great QR code best practices article... we've tweeted it! Emailed you via searchenginewatch contact page.
Count on my prayers for the family!
youre a great person Jazz :)
You just must be adorable to chics on Sundays :)
why can't i watch you online anymore? what happened?
#WhateverThisMeans RT : I watched almost every minute of Andray Blatche this season & Danny Espinosa right now is that bad
Thanks to everyone who attended last night despite the 12.5" of snow! Have a great weekend!
Great minds, great technology! on the panel at Digital Atlanta! Thanks to and #DIGATL_TS11 for hosting an awesome event!
YES SIR !!
Comparing tyler trulock to taylor lafaro
Private Military Contractors, Boston Langley, New York City, Twin Towers, Remote Control Airplanes. "Lone" "Gunmen" "Pilot" "Episode"
eat a pancake for me :)
pictures please! #soonyinadress !
You're so welcome, Carmen. Glad to do it, hope it helped put butts in the seats!
Glad to have you on board (and on the best coast ;) <3,
400 year deal w Descate: u do science, hands off soul. 2 TV camera, M. Schlitz:: "allow science 2 view potentials of consciousness"
Yeah, i read them..
Ha! what up yo! i meant to hit you back, but i been running around all day.
Lack of genuine engagement seems 2B a recurring theme in Maine these days. Need better class/practices of engagement at Muskie?
Thx! Sitting on a bus right now waiting to march in MLK parade with It's always a fun, cold event! :-)
I would like happy hour now, please and thank you.
It is my favorite stephanie Mavunga!!!!!
There`s always that one person who`d do anything for you. that`s the one you should marry.
Just woke up with yea girl on my bed
Shire's stated SHE didn't know who this guy was. You get that at ON, not everyone knows each other, right?
You've shown yourself to be very articulate & your generalizations are unarguable. I'm impressed. Jones is surely humbled.
“: i want to hire to personally sing to me every night before i go to bed” A-FREAKIN-MEN!!
Observant! Yes, I like this picture. As for my weekend, I took today off and am relaxing. Krystal's having a bbq tomm- yay!
“: When boys look cute with braces.”
Updating my lists... I feel like I'm missing critical stuff here...
#faveavenger Hawkeye I wish I can shoot a bow and arrow
apparently it's an eye cyst.. Or an allergic reaction to something lol
They asked me if I'd shoot the lesser #oscars off stage instead of the musical play-off & insisted no kill shots. Nope.
It was nice meeting you in Orlando :)
My Saturday has consisted of napping, eatin junk food, & watchin non-stop Toddlers & Tiaras. It's all 's fault for leavin me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
which page?
RT : Aim for the highest. ~ Andrew Carnegie
Are you a classic film fan too? I love the oldies!
so looking forward to the conference! An amazing opportunity!
Not a problem ah I miss the Amanda show<3
but he should, he is the number one on that team, I'm a huge LeBron fan, but he needs to take those shots, he's the MVP!!
I learned to fist pump from you.
Crisis averted. I threw a shoe at it. And then on the 30th time... I actually got it.
ADHD is fairly common; as many as 5 out of every 100 children in school may have it.
“How soon 'not now' becomes 'never'.” (Martin Luther)
I should know better than to try a random movie without asking you first. Let me pick out another one... I'll be back in a few
have a fantastic day guys!
looool even on turntable he called him self "king troller" XD
Thanks for the mention! Hope you're having a great Wednesday!
Baby you can steer while I shift the gears
Because at the end of the night, things never change.
People have one thing in common, they're all different.
That was the best concert EVER!
Success is the BEST Revenge, so get it how you live. Keep your swag on 1,000 and Mojo on 1 million
Last night of camp! Woo hoo!
That frustrating moment when you spell a word so incorrectly that even spell check can't help you out.
At #DublinDallasPLP & feeling the growth. I'm now in the 20th Century and heading toward the future of ed. Thx Sheryl & Will!
Coming home to Thai food >
Oh, I hope, I hope! FNL, one of my most favorite things ever. I can't watch the finale because I don't want it to be over!
Thank you all so much for the birthday wishes already. You guys are fantastic. I love all of the people who thought I was turning 16 more :)
Shoutout To My New Followers. check www.limeflyphotography.com
Happy Birthday
Good luck studying for finals everyone!!
Mid 60s tomorrow means I ride to work sans socks
O BABY - "10 Fingers" (Dead Wrong) [Official Music Video]: check it out i produced it !!!!
Did Taylor Hicks turn black?
alas, i do not who. Great article though--we should've invited you as a third speaker!
Excited for the #Macadelic tour. Bring it on <3
Scarface and Tupac - Smile on repeat
This is my 2000th tweet. Either an accomplishment or I have no life. I can't tell...
Arielle told me about him! Please be careful!!!
You are the fire on my apartment floor, sixteen stories, I'd rather burn then fall.
bummer I can't make the game on the 26th but I will be in attendance for the June 20 game. Ride the bus from Bulldog
good bro. I'll be at games to watch u beast
Been at Turnpike rest area for 10 minutes and already counted eight bonafide mullets. Oh, Ohio.
Daft punk music video is too funny
M M M M M. That goes great with what I'm doing right now actually lol
You don't really mean OUTLAW OKRA?? I love the stuff
Now married couples havin conversations via twitter? Interesting!
RT : Last 'what's in my UNIT' prize was IPod Touch. We have over $1,500 worth of prizes @ LeffsLuckyTown tonight! 5:30-8pm!
With your help SSRN is just 9 followers short of 4,000! Can we do this today? Plz RT to help us get there.
Thanks Taylor! I'm hoping it's just a 24 hour bug :)
You also have a fantabulistick weekend;-)) #
Kicking off my next to last time hosting the Philly Local in a few minutes. Tune in 7pm_11pm. W.xpn2.org
Wayne just won best supporting actor for his role in The Crime! Get famous in Stardom: The A-List for iPhone!
Looking for some good Product Managers with a background in Display and Social.
plus in general, I think it's cool to support the smaller festivals. But, you know, you're only human
hey Louis how you doing you probably will never see this but can you follow me I would love that :)
yup and dont open nomore of them messages
Yes he is lmao i know right im fully mexican<U+2665>
H.R. Haldeman~ You cant put the toothpaste back in the tube.
Great to see and Marty Kelso at #TheHungerGames premier tonight!
Hot: Songs without whistling. Not: Songs with whistling.
On the one hand, of course nobody gets to control language, and it's a jerky move to bludgeon people for perceived poor usage
I can shuffle?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Wonders if there will be a Caravaggio/Kinkade "painter of light" smackdown in the great beyond.
became afraid of using words.
I am officially an enrolled student at the University of Washington! I can't wait for fall and my COMM lecture with 539 other students!
Ward is a piece of shit. Sweet penalty. Rangers want it more
RT : Tonight!! Come on down for Grog Shop Trivia Night w/ John K, Dan & Mo!
I have 20$ who wants it!
Thats fantastic!! You are a guardian of so many pets! A true fanatic indeed.
Thx bro, u definitely have that smooth edge too ": is one smooth mfer"
The day begins; watched EATEN ALIVE last night...killer crock and Neville Brand. Wish that spelled success, but it doesn't.
An even 6. RT : broke the record with 5 might as well make it 6.
Everyones changed ... Everyone..
Adding that cute guy on Facebook because yolo. Lol jk but really. be proud of me.
Any word on how many unions have flipped from to after watching Scott Walker admit he's pro "right to work?"
HELLO HELLO AVRIL
MT : Playing Fiedhouse floor was dream when my h.s. team made it to final. GB wouldn't have meant as much<- Ex A,
Being too cheap to pay for the service or too impatient to wait for the DVDs does not justify theft.
The KOKO Dennis Show is seeking interns to be a part of our production team. Videographers , Photograhers and Production Assistants please e
..my feet. I squash it, then proceed to fumble your book in my hands, dropping it on the bug guts. Somehow I thought you'd ...
Go Sioux.
At 's house with Gus
Standing in front of crowds <<<
Never mind, lol.
How many shots Kobe made the last 5 mins???? ...... huh??? I wanna know
It's crazy out there. Honestly thought the place next door got hit by lightening
Sports Illustrated picked the Nationals to finish 84 and 78 this year--our first winning season! Go NATS!
Say Somethin if you're feelin the vibe. Say Somethin baby dont be so shy<3
well ok then too bad NOTHING MAKES YOU LOOK UGLY -___-
let me warm u up baby (;
Until 1997, there were more pigs than people in Denmark.
Discuss how you invest time in employees to create development plans aligned with goals & future career aspirations.
": They don't make love like that anymore, Is that too much to be askin' for? #JohnnyandJune" that song never gets old.
next time aim a little higher. Right in the chops!
Brand new day... Make it count
Oh, learning PHP? Exciting! I made some video tutorials on PHP a while ago. I'd recommend just experimenting, learn as you go!
has the worst baggage service dept EVER. Ques can't B answered + bags can't be found!
I love Maine!
just not the same without slash and duff
Yaaay! Hope you have fun ^~^
Sleep is going to be nearly impossible tonight. GO MAVS!!!
trippy as I wanna be .
Lovely to hear you on WGN radio 720am!! Great stuff ahead, everyone should listen!!
Steelhorse starts practice today for upcoming concerts ... stay tuned.
#misinformation. Speaker talking about charter schools interesting points but this is not about charters.
thanks for your great article on pilot season!
Food trucks are exciting, we don't blame you! Will you be at this weekend?
this is twitter... not E-Harmony.
CCT sounds good to me!
looked very nice on June make over!!
I wouldn't touch those intensely annoying Subway commercials with a twelve-inch pole. Or 500 pennies.
In these new 3D movies, I love how it really feels like Hollywood itself is reaching out of the screen and stealing your cash
Someone please slap the sunshine out of Anne Curry. I can't take it at this hour.
& there's no stopping us right now, I feel so close to you right now<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
when coming up here
*steepling fingers* I do. What better way to exercise my control...on all things.
Chilly??? I thought the coffee took care of that.
Tonight's takeaway: Be unexpected!
haha was it a fun party? :)
#iMediasummit - Admob After Hours Party Hotel Suite Kasbah #1 right after dinner
Just watched a video on a baby with no eyes and no lips...uh no
Would like to discuss your techniques you posted on the RB board
Came home to a crazy party next door...please go home! I'm tired!!!
Drowning in acronym soup and diversion
I like the idea of using photos that students take as catalysts for interviews about their identities.
no, they're better in your mouth... idiot.
No, thank you! RT : Just got my red electric kissing parties LP. Stoked!! Thank you!!! : )
that's a hard question
Happy mothers day to all you beautiful goddesses . None of us would be here without you .
coming out of the closet as a donglord 4 life!
did you get it? Idk if i have the same #
This is true. Plus I don't have to deal with all the weirdos who wanna bang their sister down there.
what ever you feel most comfortable with.
22 yr old black chic parks a new black Cadilac CTV...gets out barefoot with short cutoffs...crack hoe? I sure she "earned" it!
that last tweet ruined my pie karma. I've since spilled half the filling trying to get it in the oven. Baking what's left
Hi! Science writer-y is me! What year were you? I was '07
Yankees meet xavier avery.... xavier avery meet the Yankees
Already done. And saw you guys at the Rutledge the other night. (;
i don't even know you and i know you betta keep yo ass in skool
YAY! RT Thanks for the love, we're now open till 7pm in the week for all your caffeine needs!!!
too true.
And I won a prize bag full of GL swag so that helps too. Lol.
we're still here if you wanna come over
good luck with that. I personally am failing at that one.
Hey that's how it looks here!
Keep hating on Moss with your condescending remarks..maybe your old carcass will run a 5.0 40 in your dreams
I think this may fall under modular, but the ability to play well with other services is insanely important
why is it that when u moved on and found someone else, your ex wana work things out all of a sudden??? smh.
Equals positive results my friend !
...summer break so far, and doing nothing but getting dirty. Even the zoo, or walmart would b better than just working or getting insulted,
is the biggest Pirates fan in the world!
Quinten took in a huge carved staff on consignment -- amazing detail and a great addition to his collection -- 7916 SE Foster 11-7 PM
also said Blaine Gabbert was the best QB in last years draft.
someone's burning the popcorn.
doing awesome interviews !!
so is my heat hat ready to be leaked in ????!
Why won't they call? Why? Or email me good news?
hey beautiful we are on 8 mile near the northland skating rink
She could be anywhere in the world, but she's here with me.
Follow that's my muthafuckin g
Thank you Kim!!!
' bout to take the baby out '
lol i hear ya
and cheers from Vegas!!!!
No...in Kentucky, heading back to LA due to some airline complications and such.
Ha! I have a hard time buying it. Media and science don't tend to mix well. But for my sake, I hope its true!
Sweet Dreams! Olive You! :3
I have it all planned. On pay day I'm going to buy wine and drink until I write a poem. The only proper way to get rid of writers block.
Back in the ABQ
Seeing lots of neat tools today including #audacity & !
I teach Snarkology, a venerable field in the social sciences. :-)
I noe am late, but since when do we have separated teams,#TMUS, and TMUK. The point to be mindless is not to be arguying over EVERYTHING -_-
Welcome to Twitter! Captain Kirk and Mr. Spock, I believe are in a boy band :)
I swear she's the woman from 101 Dalmatians!
Yep, I bet it's exactly like that :)
To be clear, I am feeling as frustrated as you are, and probably for the same reasons.
That's why we live longer! RT The average woman smiles 62 times a day. The average man smiles only 8 times.
Thank you, Sarah! And nice to see you briefly last week!
Hear the candidates for ASO executive offices -- there's a public forum 11am today at the Student Center Amphitheater.
Feeling kinda down these days. :/
A year ago today, we were there together! With &
check out The Cure, The Smiths, Depeche Mode and Duran Duran. They're all super new and good bands.
did you just say "Art History," because we didn't quite catch that. Good Monday Morning!!
Why doesn't ever rain at this school omg it was pouring just down the street from it and it's almost blue skies here wtf
we just thought of it one day and it stuck. Now that story is kinda boring though haha
I took him down <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> he's all alone in the closet...
Save money tips have to be weighed against the time and effort needed to use them
Half of vandy's student section looks like they were paid to be there
Colorodo? What is this new state you speak of? Any relation to Colorado? ;)
Shop Local MKE!
Bring on the draft. Amen.
We just received word that our Holiday Concert at is sold out! Merry, merry! Can't wait to see everyone tonight!
My mom is en route to the airport for her red eye. And I am going to curl up with Code Name Verity for a bit before bed.
I thought we were going down... Very jittery after Tohoku. :(
I don't even know how to spam or stop it
Victory in my garden!
Gonna be at Playground Festival tomorrow in Irvine. Whose going?!
can you follow me back please??
People say my eyes?--oh, oh, u mean play the song, mah bad. RT what makes you beautiful? yes? :))
Why the hell did i wear jeans today. Sure is hot for 69.
I feel sorry for the purses
Jesus knows me this I love
Actually, in theory, if people didn't act like humans, communism would work out nicely!
I got chu bruh bruh..Im fina do it now
Nice! said you are DJ'ing next weekend :)
#userfocus mobile browsing will overtake desktop by Feb. 2013 & this will likely be revised to sooner...
kinda lol You can come over if you want:) karens coming
RT In his final act of benevolent genius, Steve Jobs overshadows Sarah Palin. Rest in peace, you fucking stud.
Merry Merry Christmas ...love. Erika
scratching my head.... though I see you've taken a bite of the forbidden Apple
we'd like to offer you a 0% stake in our biz for $22, but you'll still get a sweet t-shirt out of the deal: www.tuesdaytees.com
Support local artists and musicians. ABQ is rich in local people who got talent.
Hard at work on the NOVEMBER issue of ... Politics on the brain.
Okay, why is the CFP out so early? I need time to think!
overcast is nice. Hopefully we get some nice fluffy clouds.
Get the vintage clothes out for our monthly party tonight with hot jazz from Doors 7 free dance lessons!
woke up from my nap to find that ma made blts for dinner
also would like to do google ride sometime
Traveling Circle is playing the Monster Island Festival this weekend in Brooklyn. Check the details here: www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
are you serious? I honestly don't remember that lmao
All Thursday tickets will be honored on Friday, July 8 ONLY. Please come back to continue watching the ladies play in the
Balancing my Fitness
Dope brotha. Thank u!
Watching #Dispatch concert from Garden in 2007 - they were such a great band!
My cursing words lol
Wow! I just looked at all of them. haha Those look pretty elaborate. More like works of art!
Oh Leigh. I don't wish I was at the crawl. And guess who has affordable art :) Plus, free keg is a win!
So many happy #Blackhawks fans exiting the arena chanting "Let's Go Hawks!" makes me forget they we're close to blowing a 4 pt lead!
Hope you won big yesterday! I'll get working on that Fortune Cookie post. Was going to wait til next Fri, but for you...;)
Scotland Yard: Jets 7PM. Plus NFL: Cincinnati 4:30PM, Detroit Orleans 8PM. Oh yeah...2 for one well drinks till 10pm.
Thank god she got rid of dexter
Thanks for the follow who could we speak to about booking a show at you're venue?
Nuked the pool this morning. Take that, you greenbacked freeloaders. Momma wants to go for a swim.
“: Some day, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we will harness for God the energies of love.”
who is yours???
I really love your profile picture. Thanks for the follow!
Want to learn about other services we offer? Call our sales department 312-997-2850. We are more than a bicycle messenger service!
We've put all of your Simmons Library Account access links in one place, so it's easier for you to get what you need! Check it out:...
If his presence can't add value to your life, then his absence would make no difference.
just bored not doing much
still haven't got word on Blind Faith, should be the first part of May
What did you give up for Lent?
My (Android) GPS just told me to kayak across the Pacific Ocean
what are you going to get do I don't steal your idea :p
haha kinda most of it is ugly lmao
YAY!!!! let me know what you think! And SHOW THOSE BABIES OFF for
Making it through last assignments just to see the light of the oncoming train of finals.
I have great news tweets! My radio program DIFFERENCES Radio Magazine Show has been picked up by #Clear Channel's #WLAC 1510!
Do You Ever Go Bowling w friends n family? Or compete? enjoy this and please retweet www.bowlingdo.com
What's with all these fake Wiz Khalifa accounts
Thanks! RT : Thanks for the follow. Following back! :)
was hilarious last night at !
yeah it really is. Remember when we were cleaning the cabins and watching it while eating all the leftovers. Good times.
Time to cook for my men :-)
I'M NOT YOUR CHILD
Good morning everybody! Let's have a great day
Signed up to run the Warrior Dash on 9/10. Basically a 3.5 mile obstacle course followed by lots of beer! Should be healed long before then.
honestly one of the coolest tweets i've ever seen. holy shit.
Passed my permit test! I can now drive LEGALLY in the state of California :)
A word you will never hear me use: chillax. Also dope as adjective, versus noun.
She doesnt hate trust me
^tl so will you tell me what it is...
I am who i am. If you dont like me why you still worrying about me then
The Whitehalls are using TuneCore for the digital distribution of our debut CD - we'll let you know when iTunes, Amazon, Myspace are live
I haven't tried Red Hook yet
Waiting for your Call I'm sick. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> Call I'm angry. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> Call I'm desperate for your voice. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> #np Your Call- Secondhand Serenade <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
18,000th tweet goes to Made a NICE beat last night for you to check out. #MKEanthem possibly?
this twitter account is so dead.
You know what I'm saying ahha
no, my poor kid only knows about good restaurants and Luxury hotels. HA! HA!
Congrats and good luck buddy.
yeaahhh we did. great times. Oh Matt. err, Jeremy.
sour cream and chive potatoes
And I was like y you so obsessed with me!
Let's go Arsenal! #gunners 4 Premier league games on right now. Plus US just won at Hockey world championships. Awesome Sunday!
Brunch is back! $13.50 for our all-you-can eat buffet.
too #emo right now i feel
Will you be featuring positive stories on weight loss surgery for those with co-morbidities? Melting Mama featured, rumor?
nope, all-inclusive $99 tix coming soon !! > RT : Is it too early to plan New Years with ? Hm...
Our plan is a challenging mix of lecture and a ton of hands-on work.
thanks for the RT. what a hilarious sight. Lunch or dinner sometime? This time I really mean it!
I saw a commercial where Zooey Deschanel asked her iPhone if it was raining, while looking out the window. I think I've made my point.
Success has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others.
are you watching DWTS live? how? arent u in the philippines? or does it play at the same time there?
#Colds are more common during seasonal changes when humidity is low.not that I'm a hypochondriac ...
had a tweet that said I dare you to not retweet this. ALEX, CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!! ;P
he just made the case for the market to climb higher on his walls of worry. market is sanguine and consolidating gains.
RIP Maurice Sendak!! I love where the wild things are
You don't see a lot of pitchers take BP before their start. But there's Jeff Samardzija at the plate.
I'm running on about 45 minutes of sleep. Don't mess with me. x
RT : "Gotcha! Made you work for free again!" --Academe, 2012
No more school for a few months. Time to.find a shiny new vagina to pamper for the summer :D
Beautiful day in Los Angeles! Let's celebrate with a new post
Bouta be tired as hell fuckin round with this second job..but it's worth it (:
Now you've got it. My hubby doesn't quite get it yet.
All Mahomies are crying today....and if your not...then you must not be a real Mahomie.
I'm so in the mood to roll over and find you next to me. I'm missing him :( arrrr
Happy Birthday Warren and Happy Mother's Day to your Mom!
12 days till home... i think i can, i think i can
I want a Ginger child with green eyes and I shall name him Rupert Grint Aschenbrenenr!
you are not the real Alisa Reif! Imposter! I know her very well and you are surely not her!
RT “We are all here for some special reason. Stop being a prisoner of your past. Become the architect of your future.”-Robin Sharma
Muahahaha! Its my season now!
Think about it.RT : We only need 4 pledges to hit 300 for TheHermanCain at http://
why not?!:( then can you email it to me?!:(
I am at March 2011 Workshop - The Battle of the Elearning Tools: Articulate vs. Captivate
--in just a few minutes! Kelley brought a big cake, sparkling cider, everyone signed a card - flowers on my desk - so nice
Trying hard not to be a cranky pregnant lady, but I'm uncomfortable, low on sleep, and seriously lacking in patience for others' ineptitude
Still a good amount remaining
You've never met anybody who interrupts themselves when talking?
i am chris i saw u with crystalbowersox!
Today: Donuts With Dads.
Looking forward to reading some great stories!
discusses ABC's #Scandal with actor on #WashingtonWatch Sunday at 11 ET/PT
Woke up at 3:27 to do homework!!! Biggest procrastinator here lol! 12 pgs of Cornell notes due first period!
good news and congrats!
so the #nfl draft is tonight...but all i care about is the beating Tri City
yes you are/:
cough me cough :)
Tip #169: When playing versus thinking regulars be sure to balance your range by playing a wider range of hands different ways in same spots
Amen Brother!
I too was #jokes-ing. Mostly.
Even Einstein once said, "Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler." Consider your #art. edit #edit edit
Are you satisfied with your day? The good news... if you're not then you still have a lot of time to be productive
lol but can you blame her hah. Alex will be Alex.. I in front of anyone.
Got a main bitch and a mistress
One who deceives will always find those who allow themselves to be deceived. — Niccolo Machiavelli
I don't anticipate it, but if I do, I'll hit you up for sure!
Thank god is friday , tomorrow haha
I love Nathan's hot dogs!
I can't lie, a snapple drink and a bacon/egg/chz biscuit keeps repeating in my head from McDonald's lol
is there a date yet for the 2012 National Gathering? I'm just seeing 2011 info on the website
Bitch you get no love
What's going down? How's everything looking like?!?
So who going to south today??
what's good bruh ?
2NiTe The 1st CALLERS On The Line & In On 2NiTe's Topic Get *FREE* Admission Into One Of Our Events!!! CALL IN 626 657 2149
what?! She's my favorite character!
What is the woman that FUCK them ALL???? But they just don't care???? I want more I want more!!!!!
what happened!? I'm so curious! You got a kitten!?
I've been gone for to long, But I'm back >.< How's everyone?!
I DONT RESPECT MONEY I RESPECT REAL NIGGAS.....
Getting chills thinking about Doc's perfect game. Congrats Humber!
: always thought Rose didn't take enough of a break to recoup in 2010
#digitalindia Vimeo cameras given to 5 botanists. Connecting research community in Kenya, Argentina, etc via Plant Science - Rajan
We send you super awesome vibes, go out there and kill em & show them who's boss. We love you! -Hope and Hannah. aka
Im not done with my research report :(
is my twitter hubby<3
thanks but age ain't nothing but a number
Milwaukee-area caterer recommendations for 75-ish people, in home?
hahaha. you should take my icon and zoom in on the toe nail ;) well if you want :P
RT back on the diet/exercise program. LET'S DO THIS!
I hope so too. I'll be down here early May.
Ten Commandments inscription machine?
Finally finished typing up my #AltSummit recap post. It only took me a freakin' week. Look for it on the blog tomorrow!
To think that you could lose the title of "best football team" after just one game seems so unfair.
You Aint Never Seen Nun Till Ya Seen Ce!
please notice me i come up with some fresh stuff im a young kid u cann make billions of me bro
Why do u keep trying
Good sleeping weather last night.
do you wanna do a tinychat with me im bored and we can talk play music do whatever please
she just now graduated?
we are young, born in this wrld till it all falls apart
"The women of this generation will help lead the way. It is simple math: you are half its workforce." Obama to #barnard2012 graduates.
thx LEXY now we definetly need to do some shopping! ;)
"If you give your ear to fools, they will chew it off." We as a society need to think about this.
Einstein throws out a Holla for Dr. Hollar!
you have no body fat sir. Pretty sure I can win this hands down. When I get back from CO, it is on like donkey kong!
you free to skype today?
Yes, I was a bit preoccupied. You need to meet the new guy. He's AWESOME.
Great class this morning! The humidity was crazy but these people are truly pushing themselves. Brandon Fitzpatrick was todays MVP.
Diplomacy thru dance: heading to Jordan on a tour May 5-15 performing at King's Academy, then part of intl dance fest.
yeah that goes both ways
Thanks for the follow back - hope you had a great weekend :)
“: #SpringBreakRule when you wake up, you have to take a shot!”
Thanks for #shakennotstirred! Dr No is the 1st Bond I've read, and it was too much fun. I'm looking forward to the discussion.
Searching for game times... Feening For hoops.
It's college acceptance season, and worth considering an often overlooked question:
P.S. It's fondue night. Anyone else call fondue "fundue"?
It's RED out in the WFC!!!!!
Question of the day: what song would you play to motivate the #spurs before game time?
I was like "Why are you so obsessed with me"
Judge Ness is saying there is good cause to not grant an extension
I'll see what I can do. *wink*
They have been doin bad for years now.
I will buy Yu-Gi-Oh in Spring Field Missouri today
follow me pretty please!!!!!!! <333
$5 DOUBLE Jack & Cokes and in the same night? Smells like trouble!
LIKE this if you're coming to the Burrito Eating Contest! Two days to go!!!
you should follow me!
Sounds like fun! Knock 'em dead!
To mash potato or not. THAT is the question! :)
Awkward Moment: when you drive off Forgetting all the books / cups or purses you rested on the roof of your car!
what did ya do
Make sure you check out give away!
#wssmiami "Learn 2 follow the rules in order 2 be in a position to change the rules of the game." Dr. Sonjia
wanna feel sexy and self-confident? kill yourself
that was the big reason i sent with sleeves. too much work to get the socks on my feet!
Love is an energy, the strongest of all. We think it is "just love'…and yet love is so far ahead that at times it looks like it is behind.
Found a box of donuts in the house I'm sitting, only one kind left.
hey i've got a question for you (baltimore sun) can you email me sam.sessa(at)baltsun.com
Super Lockman Service call 24*7 hours services any time any where.......
8 hours of orientation to state records laws on 3 hours of sleep. I've got my work cut out for me.
i'm finally really happy with the collection of socks that i own.
yeah .. I only got next Saturday off
Ok, Henry best not be dead. I will be upset and crying. I am an ugly crier. Don't inflict that on the world,
The Smoke Monster was a chili fart wasn't it...WASN'T IT!!
Off to the beach before I go to work :)
Ever want to say "get in the cut" to someone who wouldn't understand the meaning?
I've spent some time listening 2 the good blues on your band's website !! And Earthquake Mama Is A Hit!
Fine ass workers at the vegas airport! Oh yess.
ELLIE! Hope yous had a good weekend.
I could bash you, but you aint even worth my time!!!
": I see mountains..God sees molehills. I see problems...God sees opportunities. See what HE sees today. Go."
i've seen instagram photo challenge posts but didn't know what it was ..i can do this!! :D
If you tried it would be ugly. You come off just great. Hope you got that it was meant with humor.
Expunging out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
yeah I should make more time for hooping. I want to be able to rock a sexy hooper outfit soon.
Many univ presses started in libraries & then seemed tangential. Library's mission to serve own campuses. Presses have collab model
hefty won't protect odors?
Congrats to Korean Society for Library and Information Science 40th Anniversary. In Soeul to give invited address to this esteemed group.
thank you for sharing your laugh out loud stories
1st name an last name ______!!!
Need more than 3, but I'll take it!!
Purging my closet of clothes I can but shouldn't still wear. & watching #XMen-fun movie to help an unfun task. CL: the clown sweater stays.
why didn't you stop in DC??!!
Finally a real game is on.
Welington? Starlin? Darwin? Tf is wrong w #Cubs players parents.
• Yeah. Except for all those other losses to the Cardinals...
“Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.”
I should probably update my profile picture; I have a lot more hair now.
This man asked if I was from Nola. I said yes. He said u look like ur from India. I said no my Is Though....lol
via : another gr8 builder discussion. got short term plan 4 presentation space & ideas for long term plan re: library learning ...
I feel like I've got a hangover or something :'((
Let's go J-E-T-S JETS, JETS, JETS!!!
Phoenix Suns not looking so hot this season. Only bright side is it helps me not miss having season tickets this year.
FOR SALE
I adore you! You're my idol!:]
Good things and not so good things all happening in one day. This chick is officially worn out.
Hopefully The Other La Team Win Tomorrow
Agree RT : I hope that Cal gets this season revoked too
Contractions starting... slowly but surely. weve got a long way 2 go...
Awesome! I can't wait :)
Yeah that! Just checking to see if my insurance covers that. No on the Shiva
dang straight! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
was the first school to take a stand against #SOPA! #140Cuse I bleed orange!
its a shame when u keep walkin forword u still dont kno what ur headed toward.
give me a contract
I super duper miss you. We need to hang out soon okay!
you going to 's class tmw?
definitely coffee time
Now, no one freak out here, but yes, I am looking at the top of my desk. Yes, I can see it. It's is miracle!!!
Really wish he would stop being so negative. RT Gruden on Brock Osweiler: "This kid is interesting." Hater.
The awkward moment when you see the person who's ignoring you staring at you?
Mother's Day entries accepted until midnight on 05/12. Winner will be announced on 05/13 at Noon. Must follow to be eligible.
Never been to the thrift store in my life
how can things that are subjective be classified as "accurate" or not? Plus calling him violent with no proof is beyond the pale.
Whether it's the best of times or the worst of times, it's the only time we've got. -Art Buchwald
Actually it's very good. I like the Sicilian fried cod. It had a very good crust without any grease or oil & thick meaty fillets.
The play of KG has been very solid all year & great the past few nights
Peres back home. The man first tried peace treaty with Attila t
Sunburns are so unfashionable- ugh!
I have had the beer song by mustard plug stuck in my head all day...
you too!
There are better things to do instead of wasting time doing things that make you angry... Or get you hurt
If u send me a pic of ur ass...ill tell u wat type of girl u r...nd wat ur future holds
of course! Followed(:
Yes, I'll be there.Hope to see you!
it's a nice walk for October. Was my first visit
Gm twitter world
Thanks for the follow!
and I don't care if her hair is Fran Fine big!!!
#Eastcoast #Newengland #Massachusetts are all trending topics. I think it's because of our shows this weekend! bit.ly/nzuOVa
RT : What are your favorite qrcode creating sites? #byotchat Freeware portable program Zint works great
great to hear coach!!!!
Today is a great day to get better!
wtf i look like
My brother doesn't know I'm home and he is currently singing his lungs out. It is cute and hilarious and well.. Really bad. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Finna smoke and watch CNN, ESPN.
Glad to see my friend on twitter!! Lol
came to the store.theres this cute boy&im acting stupid D;
This afternoon, my son, and I, are going on a tour of The Raleigh Film Studio in Pontiac, Michigan.
So sorry everyone, don't click on the link that we sent out. Any help would be appreciated!
$100 CASH PRIZE TO WHOEVER MAKES THE BEST #TWERKVIDEO VIA INTERNET CONTEST STARTS THIS WEEKEND FOR MORE INFO CONTACT (704) 728-4808
thanks bro , much appreciated
i am seeing some entertaining #gif profile images around twitter. i think it's time to make one :3
« 10 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs. Now we have no Cash, no Hope and no Jobs.»
Jazzed about December Nights tonight at Balboa Park! I know #car2gosandiego will be there and I can't wait to check it out! Fun!!
are you home?
So great to see you! We <3 Sol To Seed!
Why Is the Research on Learning Styles Still Being Dismissed? < Because our brain is wired to see patterns, not probability.
FT discrepancy in the series is 148-94.
I can register us tomorrow night
Check outr State of Play. It is an awesome movie and the Owner of the Chicago Fire, Andrew Hauptman is the Producer. Big time suspence.
where's your high school photo? :)
Gets us to reverse our thinking and consider social media "incoming branding"
Hahaha I like your dad already
It will be good to see (at least part of) the gang again. Is going?
My thoughts exactly. Wedge just said Ichiro isn't producing, not that he can't, but that he isn't. That isn't wrong.
“: Things to do today: 1. get up 2. survive 3. go back to bed”this will have to be my Sunday motto!
I don't mind Kobe getting the superstar calls but crying to the refs for a call after he fouls?
Thanks for the tweet Miles!
Can I have a sloppy ho burger please?
Congratulations! Let us know what you think.
Thank you, Jason! I appreciate you and Udo for coming. You guys rock!
Hey Steve I was your opening act "Toad The Mime" and just finished a book with Carl Gotleib. xoxoxo
Thanks, Christina -- I'm afraid my style's a mishmash of who I am -- art school education, rock crit years, blog/online geekery.
When you follow us, you should have received a DM, let us know if you didn't!
I know. We have Hulu Plus, so I get them right away! Boo-yah! Too bad my hubs wants me to cancel. :(
Indeed. So much good stuff out about you guys right now. I forget, do you have an exhibit about your history in your buildings?
Book your New Years Eve hair appointment today, spots are filling fast. 602-248-8300
'hey every1 , how's every1s day going ? X x' you tweeted that! so here's mine to u! ' Babe How You Doing?! :) Haha
If Michael Scott and Holly aired their wedding THAT would be a
we love your grey outfit this morning! You look very pretty. :-)
OH NO RORY WHAT ARE YOU DOING
#Cleveland Help us out on this Awesome Friday!! RT And Follow
We have some 15 oz. cans of Super Mist Adhesive still available. Just $.99 per can! works great to hold down T-Shirts while printing.
Need people in Columbus, OH for huge tech event. Email your info to ASAP for info! 9/19-9/29
Great conversation with my eldest this morning! I think he'll love living in Albany
yeah! and if she won't I'll just do my best to finish it up.
Does anyone know if going to get the #BlackBerry #Torch soon? I want that phone!!!
Is there really going to be another Hulk or is it assumed because Ruffalo/Banner/Hulk was best part of Avengers?
RT: if you #BELIEVE in yourself...
word will do. U should DM your number
That's a great one.
Justin Verlander had a hell of a year, but you should have been AL MVP..
R.I.P. MCA
Political Correctness is a doctrine fostered by a delusional, illogical, liberal minority...
You are most welcome and most cool.
no, batshit crazy, you're personally attacking someone you do not know. you're a fool.
5 cent plastic bag fee in DC has reduced plastic bags in trash cleanup 60% in 2 years + generated $10 million in restoration funds!
In the basement, putting the finishing touches on a sweet new jam
Dam that monkey was jiggin!! xD
your #tits look massive.
#PRICE!!! Where have you been??
howdy! Texas loves !! Just sayin'
kinky. See you next week.
I'm working on a #Drupal presentation and listening to #CBCradio3 -- it's a good day!
#Ghetty at it's finest.
thank u =)
totally! RT : cool :p
I just stole tweet but I had to reword it just a lil bit so give her credit for that last tweet
No problem anytime! :D
Leave the farley
Completely Acceptable. RT : . ... Totally share in your man crush for Don Draper!
Survived TSA "enhanced pat down" without incident. Blog post on the experience soon
don't be like that...he's just expressing himself....I would do the same thing because I'm a Christian!
If only they'd get their broadband sorted out!
hey you what's up how's everything going in vegas
Sorry about not getn back to you yesterday, I was super busy, how is tomorrow or Sat evening looking to record?
#3wordsforyou belt shell wash
oh sure, you know you like winking at me. ;)
We're sorry folks like you & got so many. Looks like everything's back to normal now, but please let us know if not!
baby could you show me it's easy to breathe(:
Touch Ya Toes When I'm Hitting It From Tha Back
Blue Duck Bakery hits the big bread leagues - Newsday
Yes please. The more I spend on Mexican food the less there is for Direct Loans to take next month
i know y'alls old asses aint going further than US lol
4tunate 2b at ALA convention. Session on "embedded Librarianship" was amazing.... Buffy, Jen,Karen,stacy...thank u!
sounds like something from a Jerry Springer show!
Great day so far, lots accomplished, lots yet to do. More in a bit. Have a wonderful day everyone!!
I hate when it i feel like I gotta sneeze n it won't com
You made me love you.....and I still do after all these years. Gearing up for 2013 reunion. wanna be my date?
Call me Richard ya dick
this was just like out of a movie, how does he just jog out RT : Man steals $1.5 million in poker chips from Bellagio casino
could you follow us so we can DM you an invite? :)
Are you still looking for items for your fashion film ?
Here's the bottom line: #Cheney getting a new heart DEMANDS a complete re-evaluation of the Recipient List process. Period.
Christmas is ten days away. :o
Goodnight Twitter :) <3
you should see these freakin' things. No housecat would stand a chance. I've seen one fitted with a saddle. ;)
Well, time for me to say Good Night! I better not dream of spiders & tarantulas! THAT would be a nightmare for me! lol ~Night
: is The Newlyweds out yet? Tried to get on Net Galley, no go.
treat employee bloggers like media, keep them updated and informed on firms news and achievements
free market proponents are supporting a totalitarian communist regime in China which enslaves a nation of powerless and poor...
listening to Brit and thinking of you
Really Hanson back to back homers?
RT : Does anyone deserve a nickname more than Kenneth Faried deserves #MANIMAL? The guy is a BEAST.
not spelling it like that!! Not in my mentions
I love the way you think...
Students are coming to campus with mobile devices so #ACU w/n be handing them out anymore.
we r looking at lily pad/wearbale art to appeal to girls- used arduino in FabLAb course last year- all boys- fun to tinker-
Reminder: Free member ticket reservation for Mon's game against the Galaxy will begin at noon on Saturday.
It was like that when I first saw it about nine months ago. I love that Yuna's is the biggest head. Featured haircut.
thankyou! So nice of you :)
Take a moment this morn to appreciate what you have before you set your tasks lists. Care for what you have as well as what you want!
im at work right now...
Fuck dating. Fuck being single lol. That's a rant for another day, though.
Thanks! :))))) very happy with it, working out the minor kinks at the moment
Greatest weekend ever, prom was just perfect because of my amazing girlfriend and spending the next day at Six Flags:D
Xavier Avery >>>> Felix Pie. Hands down
Nothing quite like a bacon cheeseburger from #Chick&Ruth in Annapolis. Fully loaded for an afternoon of legislative process.
I can't make any promises!
RT : RT and Follow for your chance to win a Skill Shot for PlayStation Move. Contest ends 5/21
Just stocked up on soup, cereal, bottled water, etc. at Safeway. Bring it, #snOMG!
Hello! Love that you used my photo in review! Will you please include attribution, per the license? Thank you!
It is just trying to get you to dump word and excel, which you should. ;)
Always chase your dreams~~
Damn I feel Stupid Lbs
YEP! Only a couple stood their ground..I couldn't believe how easy to sway them..the parents said they talked to them..still did it
#Nw Dark Shadows
That sad moment when you see hot guys somewhere and never see then again in your life.
thank you! He is just perfect & being a mommy is the best thing ever! Hope you're still doing well!
hm really?
I miss you a little.. I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day.
who I havnt seen her..lol
Wisdom is living your life in congruence with the will of God by walking in grace with him. Wisdom Begins with fearing God.
U all right? Were u thinking about what it be like to be a UL fan?
Gosh feel so alone cuz chris isnt here with me
Each week read a new poems of Biblical "characters" (some were!) HUMANLY SPEAKING:Conversations With God.New Releases pg. www.lindaswift.net
Its hard enough living w/ out your mom , especially when she's not there on mothers to thank.. Miss you mami <U+2665>
While we're waiting, we'd love for you to tell us more about yourself. What do you want to learn about adaptive learning?
no idea how you got unfollowed. But it has been fixed. I was wondering why you were so quiet.
Lord Dunmore however is only giving freedom to slaves of rebels. Loyal Virginia citizen’s slaves will not be given freedom.
black n white thru window of Saint Amour.
Love the movie, I want to see more! www.myspace.com/sethnathan
lol whys that?
Gym Shorts is one of my favorite callers to &
So apparently I'm not the only person who realized they needed to have their car inspected today. Hooray for working in the waiting area!
Steelers going to pick Mike Adams from OSU? PLEASE!!!
Greetings! We're paired up in the Mario Tennis Open tourney &I wanted to see if we could lock down a time.
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking to network with other actors. And find a mentor in the business. Follow back
Are you attending Decorex?
YAYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!! CELEBRATION!!!!! #fruitloop shots on shots on shots
What does gay marriage position have to do with running a country??? *scratches head*
Lots of love to & all Beyond the Dance dancers! WOW! What a fantastic show tonight!
ah bad news :/ im missing out this year BC im moving end of march
Hey SF! I'm collecting signatures at Off The Grid from 5-8 tonight for please RT
Ray LaMontagne and cooking soothes the soul.
I need you to add my new name as a friend. I am missing your tweets.
Civil War Research in New York State - www.unyg.com
Pleaassse tweet this ..
Happy birthday to our Director, Dr. Jim Pitts! We hope you have an amazing day :)
All I have to do is sit up, write, sketch , and color .
hows the baby's
Trend it
I think it takes 3 years to figure this all out. Then...landscape will completely change again.
Check out Kloves top charts.A lot of inspiration there. I currently dig Kari Jobe's "We Are" and Addison Road "Light if Mine"
this weather is making me want to be extremely witty.
"Don't be reckless with other people's hearts, don't put up with people who are reckless with yours."
Well, has yet to reach 1,200 followers. Looks like his return to tweeting will be delayed after all.
hmm I'm pondering up some stuff now. Lol
Good Morning Palo Alto!
News flash: norovirus = no fun for anyone, even if the 5-week-old hasn't caught it yet. Achievement unlocked: ER trip w/baby (& kind friend)
Check out our amazing graduate programs. You can earn your Master’s Degree at in as little as 1y r, while working full-time!
I'm off to buy some clothes (hopefully)!
they have better health insurance. No I didnt read the article.
RT : BREAKING: NBA star without proper representation reveals himself to be tone-deaf, clueless with media. More to come.
:Every one follow
OMG!! It's my Favorite Movie! I can watch it repeatedly and I collect memorabilia. I NEVER get tired of it...
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "If you are afraid of success don't come around me, I will scare the mess out you!" ~ Iceberg Slim Jay
In the car headed to the hotel.
Every time I write your name in a text I have to check it a million times! Bahahaha
Sitting in my car like a fag cause I'm early for my test....yea
Thanks for the mention in your paper! :)
You have a very weak constitution for an atheist. The only thing missing is you being gay: The Perfect failed mutation.
Bobby Valentine might go out there and spike Aaron Cook in the other leg just to have an excuse to take him out...
"Not even slightly interested in what ya opinion is I gotta greater purpose than a hater purpose"
not bragging but tomorrow I might just stay in and jerk off just cause I can! hahaha
I agree. We aren't going to stop. Will keep adding.
#MyBiggestFearIs being suffocated or drowning
I wish I could be there to see her walk the stage! 0;
fits that description, spanish-speaking, miami, and social media.
Congrats on your new position! Much success!
IU students have declared this, "Kentucky week"... Been Facebook arguing for 3 hours.
- this was before I decided to pursue a doctoral degree in communication, focusing on cognitive science.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
the round red fox waslked past the boring dog.
Late night Legs & Glutes training...muscled thru <3 Living the attitude baby~ #breakingbarriers#
thank you Neha...i'm happy to hear that
Being a fan of sports, how do you volunteer to work for ESPN?
That was all....
yes, oh yes, follow me my followers and i shall lead thou unto the promiseland of nonsensical babblings.
i think someone hacked my twitter.
Not with an unhealthy Valverde. But I wanted Balester out way before Valverde tweaked himself.
If only scary kids would get back together
They don't have cheese-it's in Canada
must change it up or you will plateau due to muscle memory.
Max Ehrmann~ Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.
ok thx anyway, can't have #Drupal without Drush then.
the moo went all high pitch, and I was like ah XO
RT #Reds will honor UK's championship team before Tuesday's game./ real recognize real
Looking to follow some more people on instagram :) tweet me your name...
Affliction comes to us, not to make us sad but sober; not to make us sorry but wise.
Practice Today .
great meeting you today at the GA Bridal Show.
Follow our favorite auto peeps They're generous #supporters of our fight against #recidivism!
For NY kids w/Jewish blood in the 80's Adam Yauch was our Slash. Proof you didn't need to grow into a beefy CPA or ineffectual intellectual.
Thanks very much! RT : No, thank you for being one of my favorite places in the world =)
yo ass must be feeling hella nice. Ur awfully 'friendly' tonight lol. I thought I was gng to hv to open a can of whoop ass on u
Absolutely, we'd love to have them. :) Email admin@ - we'll get you the address and info. Thanks so much.
back when I had an office (sob) I was known to do that all the time. Made going to class tough, ha. Many trips back to collect them
Let the Griswold's show you the only way to spend your CHRISTMAS VACATION! 8pm FREE SHOWING Dive-In Theatre! Happy Hr 4-7pm
they also have Alex Smith. 1 year wonder
We just launched in Boston. Would love your feedback! www.weatherist.com
RT : #dogs are the best #jussayin get u some//Thank U! We appreciate your biz!
No regrets.
The true occultist wants nothing but wisdom. - Manly P. Hall
#vinnymacnation #hackoff bottom of the top shelf!
lol i tweeted my fav subject at school was puss in boots. lol
WHAT doesn't kill ya makes you stronger...(:
Had a great time last night w/ and others
It has been 17 days since I last looked at twitter. What have I missed?
Learning about the American Revolution in history, and all I can sing is "Declaration of Independence" by ! :)
Such a beautiful mellow day. I love days like these.
next time just start flexing. Works like a charm.
Phones are ringing off the hook. Everyone is talking about Fast Food Express.
MusicalStop.com Home of the INDEPENDENT ARTIST!
Latest plate: Pantaleo (Italy/Hard/Goat), Sapore del Piave (Italy/Hard/Raw Cow) & Caveman (Oregon/Blue/Cow)
awkward moment when the automatic door closes on you..
Your welcome! ;) And that's so cool! :D
I can't I dont wan to plus I like older men! Member?!?!
Not sure! Be sure to hit me up!
Ion Need 2 Be Stressing Over Nothing Aszx People
i love Maggie
I don't look up to them, but I support their music.
Loose seal!!
Sarah RaRa, on behalf of the world THANK YOU for making awesome music and art. And thank you for your support!
I've run out of clever things to say but I'm happy you're mine I'm just happy A very happy guy
i was looking at you there and your face looked wrong
can u follow me?:$ haha i love u<3.
OMG NO YOU DIDNT !!!!!!!!! I just laughed xD
I think u should use brass knuckles on jericho so he'll Stfu and my friends and I use T.S.G.H (talk shit get hit) is our motto...
Playing some hot reggae songs.
next year will be a better year to catch the Buffs anyhow. a couple nice 4 stars coming in to play alongside Roberson & Dinwiddie
GAB staff: 25 counties haven't provided canvassed results from May 8 primary. So Friday is the first day GAB can certify result.
how bad is buttermilk for you?
NF--------> LOL I THOUGHT I WAS ALREADY FOLLOWING U!!!!!!! FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW MY BRO!!!!!
Just finished a photo shoot with the amazing photographer Robin Emtage, she was delightful to work with. Made me look beautiful. Woohoo!
Just saw some lady get stabbed in the neck at ruby tuesdays in Norfolk, VA.
Michael's sausages can be pre-ordered to take home by the pound! Choose from Italian sausage, hot pepper marinade, Italian beef, and more!
thinking about you during your crazy busy month!!! hope everything is going smoothly and on schedule!
Not me :P
Dude, I just heard. That sucks!
At least Steve Blake took the shot.
2nd Steeler TO is a victory for the Pack
yikes! I'm trying to prepare for that point in time...
ok awesome! 2703178082 is my contact info
20+ hrs of travel so far, stolen merchandise, food poisoning and airline just lost bag. yes, it's like a dream :)
so beautiful
the odds of finding fellow #HungerGames fans are in your favor. Count me in!
Gingrich needs to get out. Can't even carry the South. Nothing left except obstruct. Newt, get some honor and get out.
Declaring God's word in faith is NOT ignoring the facts. Faith's confession is declaring God's greatness/ability in the face of the facts.
Not to demean the cleaning people of the world, but I thought we had a deal with them, like our deal with the pigeons.
You can't spell studying without dying.
Live coverage of #Trayvon news conference on FOX 9 News right now
3rd and 1. McD runs it right up the middle. This one isn't on Hillis, this one is on McD.
I don't laugh as much as I used to. I miss laughing.
Yes, coming in for the LA Festival of Books & the Latino Books into Movies Awards Shindig.
wth! Haha, and my phone is dying -.-
Twitter does that, it's like sugar, or alcohol.Thankfully it does not trigger endorphins....like running, or other sports :)
thx for the follow
Horrible Bosses was better than I thought. Aniston is outrageous, Sudeikis and Bateman kill it, but Charlie Day steals the show.
Dear Pandora: you need to learn to read my mind and just know what I want to listen to and not make me have to keep switching stations
RT : Where's my MENACE fam at?
The average male loses his virginity at age 16, while the average female loses her virginity at age 17
hard to believe!!!
I can: Scott Baker, Francisco Liriano, Joe Nathan, Joe Mays, Kyle Gibson... They oughta rename it Twins surgery.
dm for more info.
oh you won't want 2 miss the adventures I am gonna be tweeting. This will prove entertaining.Gazelles do not belong on bikes:)
What if every "assignment" was really an agreement? How much more would get done?
Take it to Best Buy, love. Best advice anyone ever gave me when mine just short of collapsed on me about a month ago.
The Brazilian fans are the greatest in MMA. What a dream to fight in Brazil. Awe-inspiring.
Have you heard "Danny, Dakota, & The Wishing Well?" by A Silent Film?
What should I do for dinner? Nothing to speak of in the house...
I see how it is.. don't tweet me back and no follow back…
Never Say Never is the only thing thats not letting me give up. iloveyou (: THANKYOU.
do you have a lot of scenes with ?? i hope so! :)
I have a feeling Bobby Valentine is going to do just fine in Bean Town....
howdy :) hope u are at the show tomorrow :)
#Trivia What year did Texas Stadium open?
I spent a large majority of my night spreading the word of Pablove to my family. XO, Love you guys.
I would enjoy said activity. 20 pieces, half and half.
I'm so sad I missed this convo on our Talk Derby party. I wish I still had my hat!
Rt saw him on Wendy Williams, Idc wat anyone says Ronnie is freakin awesome !!!! # swag
Getting tired night twitter ;)
Buy a book and get a free vegan donut from Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery and a cup of fair trade coffee. It's that easy.
I'm seriously speechless I just listened to #FeelSoCloseToYou I'm like spazzing at how amazing it is going on replay all night!
5 dope songs on a mixtape
Miss out on todays clinic? Never fear! We'll be brewing things up again next week: same time, same place, different coffee. See you then!
So all that extra work I did right when I moved to LA finally paid off! Half of my face made it into the new movie
followed all ..:)
I'm not your fucking bitch deal with it!
Finally figured out Ubuntu's Empathy chat client. Nicely done app.
water water water all day everyday.....
I do now. Freebird! RT Bet you didn't know the 's in Monroe, LA has karaoke on Thursday nights.
The kids at the Orleans branch of the library perform today at 4:15pm. Stop by if you can! It's free.
": Victory! Congrats to BLACKBERRY!" ••• thank you!! i hope you and the baby are well.
Great time at TedX Overlake. It was an honor to participate. Thanks to everyone, speakers, audience and volunteers for making a special day.
Captain America is my hero. Just saying.
do u watch Dancing with the Stars? Its on now!!!
Finally finished yesterday's workout. Challenge day tomorrow!
Wide open okc player everytime down the floor, okc hasnt played great... They ate just making every open jump shot there given. DEFENSE!
yeah, I need to get back on track with my certs so it's highly possible. :)
Still $200 short of our daily goal. All we need is 20 people to give $10 or 10 people to donate $20. Lets make it happen! =)
Wishing I was on my way up to kc with and right about now.
ily please follow me!:)
We missed you, Liz! Rest up - we'll see you soon! :)
Whoa! our 1500th follower! Thanks to all of #TeamYes Let's GO!
that's what I was thinking :p just wanted to confirm it, lol.
interested to see Howard's job advertised.
Millionaire Flip Flop Republican Willard M.Romney Will have the Wealthy Get Richer The Poor get Poorer, Bain Capital is Licking their Chops!
A Colorado State University study measured the changes induced by exercising this way. The researchers found that they were still melting...
I got Twitter a week ago and don't fuckin fully understand it
Thank you so much for the Versatile Blogger Award! You made me very happy I really appreciate it! Have a great weekend!
Great pic in March issue of
nite geo hope u guys have fun!!!
Spirit in the Sky by Norman Greenbaum and Escape by Rupert Holmes
Happy Valentine's Day!!
I can't wait!!!! Get it get it get it Mavs!!!
Thanks for following my twitter. I agree the mind is extraordinary. Let's fully explore what it can do!
Good night <3
I consider The Mighty Ducks to be one of the greatest trilogy's of all-time. Just so you know.
2day be my mom's b-day! Happy Birthday mommy! Love always!
Thx she has been thru so much-it hurts me 2 see her suffer so much.
Where does the Internet football team play?Webley.
I want an artic fox
#Oscars : Hugo wins Cinematography. That was tough but very deserving.
Hope we can meet sometime
So far , you are making me happy with all these cool things I can do. Had no expectations, so I am very pleased.
Good-bye connecticut!
I like to think of it as folks testing Darwin's theory. ;)
how is that not a travel on Andrew Smith???
2 hours of sexual harassment training is a long time!! I guess that I'm and expert now
Type 2 #diabetes accounts for 90 to 95 percent of all diagnosed cases of diabetes in adults.
At the panel at Write to Publish. Great discussion on independent transmedia.
thanks! I can only wear it when it warm out though since it's very poky under a jacket :P
Gave some copies of my EP to for their 7" bin and I think they just put them in the free magazine rack. Hey, whatever works.
If compassion is shared suffering, then does true compassion help take on at least some of the other person's burden?
Someone convince to go to
thats a hard one dude. We all know they helped each others careers out. So its a pretty close tie... Jay Z
I recommend American History Museum. Something for everyone. Amazing place.
anything exciting?
Haters only hate what they cant have, or cant be. Just a little thing called jealousy. Get over, life's not fair .
But today was a good day :o)
#Bachelorette producers may need a refresher on the definition of "exciting".
#TOP OF THE MORNIN#
Might Be Finna Get Me An iPhonee.
Orbitz Worldwide and Adventure Travel Expert Richard Bangs Partner to Produce Inspirational Travel Series for Public Television
Sometimes, you just need a little Dashboard Confessional.
Are you reading the books or stickin' to the show? I started to read, but don't want to ruin anything...haha
! RT : . on the #Coachella Stage w/ Tim Armstrong () of right now!
Discussed simplifying the develop process in Madison, WI with Steve Cover, Planning & Dev Director for the city. Smart leader!
There's always the option of not ever following me. I don't have on my profile "please follow." I don't beg or bite. :)
Freshly squeezed orange juice.... right here at ABX inside Excalibur!
Are you Going Red for women today?
strangely, Walljasper made no tweets tonight of how well u all played.
Yes why
oh, please don't do that to me, I want a Jack Russell so bad! cute.
Lolol throwin shoulders... What if that shit worked though
No but ya pretty much asked all of twitter if they would go to the zoo with ya?
Baby I miss you. . ." "Your xbox broke didn't it?" "Yep."
So...why do I get a story about Rumer Willis? No link about this? Drives me nuts
Walks in the snow have helped. It gives me a little exercise, clears my head, and then hot chocolate at my desk.
Best possible marketing post on Facebook is a photo with a caption 14 words or less
do u have a mother? or were u hatched?
Come check out some photos I shot of and band
hey Wes! How's the Mrs? Y'all get that dress fixed from the hunger games premiere? Hope my little Bobby Pin "hem job" worked!
It's a cold on in #NC. Feels like winter.
glad tomorrws Friday :-)
Been in this lab since 3
and I just heard you on the radio and I was proud! Yay! good job guys!
If you don't smoke weed, you should make it a new years resolution
As an amateur player, what's the smallest net worth you would have to have to buy in to the $1m WSOP event next summer? #$50m? #$100m?
I just sent you an email about Scott Haas and Chef Maws. Would love to connect if you have some time.
TB RT : reading about your incredible high school career breaking Walker's record - were you a fullback or tailback
Well, all right then. I want my dear ones to have something to remember me by, after all. xo
I can't just make decisions for myself anymore
I don't think it's possible to not sing Climax in that high pitch tone lmfao.
If not knowing that she's beautiful is what makes her beautiful, then she's not beautiful anymore, right? By now she has heard the song.
me too!
Ha, I know right? But they seemed so normal/happy together!
My goal: have my 420th tweet on 4/20
About to tee off with at North Hills CC. A preview round for the #lombardiclassic June 8 and 9.
OK, The Magician's Elephant. Loved it but I'm not sure what to do with it. Do you know any kids who loved it?
*sigh*..at least they are consistent...
Fun theater arts class today: kids had to brainstorm and perform a short scene only using sound effects. Next: a new old-time-radio story.
Too much on my mind Tonight..
Ungggggg, jelly. I mean, honestly, I'm JUST as good a dancer, and you just have to go being the famous one, right? #smh ;P
I wish I could say I love the people of my city but they're just too immature
tonight im gonna do something i haven't done in a long time
Long mess of a day and now I have to organize this hot mess of a file...
hahahaaa SOLD! Ya.. the commercial got me too.. not the $100 in annual savings. Just the good ole fun that can be had!
Mann my daddy skep as fuck boa
In the next 12 to 18 months, most of our audience will be preparing content on mobile device - Jory from BlogHer
The Lord's unfailing love and mercy never cease, fresh as the morning and sure as the sunrise.
back in englandd,my goshh the weathers so much different, didnt want to leave greecee, i miss my donkey friendss<3
Waiting for 's new album to come out. I'm going to buy the Deluxe Edition. Come onn june hurry the fuck up already!!
Yeah that's hot, I like that mama!
Met this lady from Hawaii ;)
:) I love you yah fat head
The akward moment when ur buying wine & the cashier looks at ur Id and says first I was 22 that year and also my mom died on ur bday....
I almost went for a swim in my car lol
Blow Out T-Shirt SALE
& 76ers, but I guess none of those are named after 'a number' per se, they just have a number...what are we talking about?
Today marks 64 years since the #Nakba - the catastrophe that displaced hundreds of thousands of Palestinians, including my own grandparents.
The Krusty Krab pizza, is the pizza, for you and me.
In Bellevue, we used to mock you losers in Woodinville. Heathens
al i want fir christmas is for U to FOLLOW me(:
nothing omw home
Getting ready for #Bengals game tonight. Cleaning the house, making some 7 layer drip. Not making wings - every time I do, the Bengals lose!
It seems as Cal doesn't like taking gambles anymore, like he did with Kanter. Off the court issues are not fun to deal with.
lolz girl i love how i can't read ur profile haha miss ya hope u come back sometime
I thought it was just me haha
OMG I LOVE YOU GUYS SM~ GREAT PERFORMANCE
Hi Scout :)
I hope U ready supastar!!! I got the turntables in the oven warming up right now. CRUNK & DRUNK ON DECK!! OH YEAH
So, the AWP writer's conference is sold out. I'm pissed.
I have the feeling my immediate nabe will get critical mass only when the streetcar and Walter Reed happen.
TEACHERS TED-ED is looking for your best 5-6 minute lessons and they will pair you with awesome animators to illustrate + share
sexy is a whole different beast
He didnt ! D:
UVa's had multiple starters injured. If they lose a few games down the stretch does the tournament committee consider this?
I don't feel bad for the harsh bounty hunting penalties that came down on today!
Just finished setting up the iMAC in the studio!
Somone that makes you feel like your the only one that matters>>
Gonna have some great refferal programs for realtors. Keep an eye out
Happy Birthday Duke Ellington! The big band leader was born on April 29, 1899 in Lincolnton, North Carolina.
:( I will have check it out tomorrow. Should not have been a problem!
Family guy right now>>>>> ^__^
Barely got any sleep last night O_O
Thanks to for the great customer service! Caleb was a great help today on the phone and resolved my issue! Glad to be back!
good night. Love you more
your welcome.
This is true. Sadly that photo was taken on the corner of 4th & Colorado, nowhere *near* a Whataburger. Lol.
Haha! We see you too! GOKINGSGO!
I'm not smiling because I'm happy.
#18conf understands the value of the best being on the frontline.
RT Such a happy girl right now!!!
Off to a beautiful conference on 21st Century learning and needs within the city of Fort Wayne - sure to be insightful and loaded with ideas
hey ms coko!
These burning hoes need to sit they ass down somewhere <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I don't regret you <3.
We believe live calls provide users a better service - only 7% of incidents logged by email are resolved in first contact.
BofA to layoff 10,000. That's like 5x my high school...
lol it must be the 4g
#Leggooo RT : Time to party rock with some bosses
ok. Chill. He cute. But I don't drool for no man! At least not in the last 6 to 7 years. Chill with that noise! Lol
done and done! nice to meet you!
"I am a lighthouse and although I am empty I still warn the sailors on their way"
Looking for ABQ businesses to serve as collection points for our play dough and bubbles drive! Send us a DM if you can help. Pls RT
Being single is fun but some times u fell loney I sure love me a cowboy
Just finished rehearsal with psyche orchestra. New songs are dope as hell! Can't wait to play them next show!!
All good Brad. How are you? Glad to reconnect!!
It's already shaping up to be quite a week at Sandbox...
needs to be lnow
Hope every one had a good night:)
Probably get a Hyabusa or something
I want to take all the really skinny girls in LA and make them live in New Orleans for a year.
Everyone in London and England are SO LUCKY to meet and i wish Bella and Zendaya would come back to New York City <3
Thanks! Hope you're doing well.
Dick is in the house - your all invited FREE tonight - to a dress rehearsal of his Mon Night residency - See you here at 8:30.
You will never stumble while on your knees praying.
Bought mulch from Detroit Farm and Garden on Vernor in SW Detroit this afternoon and what a great place!
Hey :) What you still doin up mister!
I did not intend to watch the live streaming of #MAMA but hey, since I'm procrastinating, why not?
Now Following i
You're such a drama queen, bro.
Might be running into a brief traffic surge. How long have things been 'slow going'?
Happy first day of spring.
I just don't comprehend!
Have a Smoked Salmon and bagel Breakfast @ Firehook Bakery!
Hey Saifoo! Not sure yet - looking into it. We'll be sure to let you know ASAP
Hahahah just admit it. I'm the boss :)
Its here its here well alost #NEVERSAYNEVER3D AAH IM proud of justin
tell me your address and I'll get you a shipping price!
football updates? What time is the game?
Just got in the Guiness Book of World Records!
My son likes the Niners, so I took NY. San Francisco ties it up.
Whatever don't burry me will only make me stronger,everyone is prey,blame it on my hunger
say it aint so! Save 30 Rock, Community & Parks and Recreation. Don't believe that NBC has shows of = quality to replace them
I thought someone was going to lose her job tonight?
are you taking lessons from Graham?
we agree!
And it's the battle of miserable goaltending
RT : RT Learnt a lot at #filmmaking webinar today Creating compelling scenes for corporate marketing
Sounds fantastic!
Sometimes you just have to pretend like you belong somewhere in order to convince yourself. And others.
Thanks. I'm going to have to look up Psylocke, Oracle, & Lady Deathstrike. never heard of those three.
good to hear! I'm gonna try to see it this weekend. Not sure when quite yet.
You don't measure activity, you measure results. I need to remember that when I work out...
#Relationships Are Overrated , I Just Want To Have Fun . is tht to much to ask For
Slam Poetry at 2012 #OBA makes me miss Spokane.
Ubaldo trade hater let me inform you of the statline for one Alex White today.. 4 1/3 innings 5 hits, 6 runs, 6 earned runs 3 walks.
#MOD - news on bloodshed in Egypt, lots of bloodshed, wow. Can't really believe it's real.
love the cookbook you are George did together. Just cooked the ham hock minestrone with pesto and bread rolls
thanks! It was a perfect day!
23. That's how many lifetimes it will take to pay the mortgage!
Life Lesson: Ignored signs = temporarily delayed reality
Welcome, Pat. I have returned the follow...
Hey Bisexual Political Movement! The 80's called, they want their agenda back.
thx for sharing! x
Harry, as always...Thank you! Have a great weekend also my friend.
It's true. I am in love with a book. The Fault in Our Stars by John Green. I am reading it...again.
She Got Rtarded Brain! She Makes Me Feel special!
Although this isn't , we are happy you enjoy it!
I'm pretty sure the Scientology billboard in downtown Seattle has Tom Cruise on it looking in the distance.
look at this guy..one cherry vodka too many...lol
Everyone follow if you were a 90's kid! Haha, brings back memories (;
ever since th '03 Michigan game I've liked wearing the bright yellow tshirts the most.
Paul Simon with Brendon
Add your social network pages to the promotion site on my page if you need hits. :) Works for all.
Big winners in Madison were Anatevkins with 64 points. A winning team made up of essentially 1.333 people.
Where ya at Chica??!! Miss you!
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments. Follow me. BaltTservice Improving taxi quality. www.mytservice.com
I don't doubt the dedication at my daughter's elementary when I saw 15 cars in school parking lot on SUNDAY! THANK YOU!!!!
I'm really liking Francoeur's style. That's how you become a fan favorite!
- is an awesome way to discover #NYC - enjoy your time here!
Yeayay! D. BROWN!
Swear I Hate Wen Couple That Put In Years Break Up..Mfs Know Eachother Like The Backs Of Yall Hands..Yall Cn Work Dt Shit Out!!
#upallnight #upallnight we all wanna stay #upallnight :) it's been on replay at my house since it was available in the USA!
no i closed the door that the lizard was in
"but there's no hard evidence"
we believe. Bring it on home boys, you have earned it and so deserve it
Even if your interview is on the radio, visuals are a good idea. They instantly give the radio reporter something to see and talk about.
: Thanks Tommy! For the drizzling the flick in aural awesomesauce.
Puns are MY territory. You stay away.
HA! I saw the Brunei thing then thought. "Dat be him!"
Really? I would've thought that ANY network would want bikini babe ghost hunters. Screams wild success to me! lol
I caught your #grace with a corner of my eye. Or was it your grace that stole a moment of my attention?
Cant' believe the celt's shakeup... this is crazy, hopefully when the dust settles we will somehow be in better shape
Hello Sweetheart! I am doing well. I hope you are as well. Hope this weekend is a great one! Love you much Sis!
you're familar with thermodynamics? "Once the bread is toasted, it can't be untoasted".
Pujols is one
I haven't hooped in so long... smh.
The awesome folks at set us up with a French press setup. It's fresh and tastes amazing!
I got Error ID: 1314042152659 when accessing the file manager. Can someone email me
If there is a night time tornado and by some miracle it wakes me up WHO ON TWITTER HAS A BASEMENT I CAN HANG OUT IN
Lol at the guys yelling "nice ass" to me while I was playing tennis. You pissed Nick off. Thanks.
There's always a cooling off period. Nothing lasts forever, it evolves to either good or bad & how much you're willing to settle for/with...
Brats and Burgers kicked up with the Habanero version of Uncle Jim's...along with some roasted peppers
RT Japan Def. Min. Tanaka: #DPRK rocket appears to have exploded one minute after launch.
have a girlfriend ? yaahh bro !
Pearl Harbor! Oh, how Ive missed you!
Good week of practice = great weekend of baseball
sounds like our kind of dinner!
I love the way Omer Asik is playing right now.
i dont know when ill be in nyc again. travis and i dont talk anymore and i have no $$$
Be sure to stay grounded :)
Also happy to have received a copy of the recently published (in Hebree) Samaritan cookbook. Now I can make the famous Samaritan macaroni!
“Walk on with hope in your heart, and you'll never walk alone” <U+2015> Shah Rukh Khan
#FF Get to know some of our followers
Interested in being in a flash mob for an event? Dm
Scott's air vents smell like some dank blow ....
Tijuana raised, San Diego born, cross border latina
it's not working. It won't let me see it
A group of 50 bicycle riders ...3 abreast...30 cars behind them going 20...share the road??
And when they say Jesus is our "SAVIOR" who they think he saving us from? not the devil.. He is saving us from GOD's wrath
Hi Lynn - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Your podcasts are very cool!
Yup. I thought that new cop was going to be a good guy but I guess not
Thanks Gabe! Today is longest day of the year, but I'm glad it is - more time to celebrate! How's life in LA? Going to VA this summer?
45 more lbs to go! Getting closer to my goal of losing 60lbs. Amino acids and veggies are the keys!
What if we don't have your number? ;)
Aw I'm sorry Mallory:/
how's Mr. Delofagggot's class? ^-^
are playing early show tonight (6:00)at Red 7, before the Austin Pets Alive! Benefit, will feature art from 200 tattoo artists
same.. i feel like fangirling :D
Dont judge me! I was abused for 9 months!! And I was hungry!
with the exception of Garcia, they haven't performed
considering it
#PlansForTheSummer rent/sell the crib & MOVE far away ... no kids so I'm going for it ...
I will keep my comments ;-) rt ": Are you watching???? I can't wait to see her "
(Showing my age.) Remember the old teen horror books from the 80s & 90s? So much fun to read. Cusick, Stine, Pike... good stuff.
chillin at the lock in at my school no school for us seniors we are sleeping in when i get home early morniing from morning
Wow dis is a nice hotel better than da hilton inn lol
Gotta a lot on my mind.
I miss you too <3
ROCK ON MY BROTHA U STILL THE MAN
how you feeling bro !
sweet! bring some coffee! i really need it too :D
You really want me to DJ your wedding? Ok then, where do you want me to set up the pole?
Happy halloween
The Psycho score is amazing! I'm a huge Hitchcock fan too. I wish they'd do something like that here.
really red lol
was up lil bro was the move
Jessica was here <U+270C>
Can't wait to start classes. Well actually I can, just can't wait to leave.
Manic Panic purple haze. Try it!!!
I feel like I need to.download Kik again.
RT MarshieMcKenzie So your mad because I rather get money than have sex o_O I have my priorities in order my dude
not if we have anything to say about it
Congratulations to the #Mavericks - 2011 NBA Champions!!! #Dirk #JasonKid U both deserve it!
let her know to be expecting to hear from me
What is this kurfuffl thing you keep speaking of?!?
trust me, I am not hip...
haha I know. Wait your a virgin right?
i smith words for money
Hunting for cougars? :-)
i saw you play in the basement of 1015 folsom in SF ~2006ish. Love your latest album and you're crushing it at 9:30 tonite
and lex and yacc for bonus points!
It's raining outside, it's like the whole world is one BIG budgie bath; it moves me, dag nabbit.
He did.
Did you know... That tea is grown in over 100 countries?
: ": They lying aint no way he got shot 4 times and walked off" I almost got away with it -- lol yea
if you don't make the show, we'll miss our #1 fan. Good luck with the filming!
Ditto RT : hope everyone enjoys their last day of sessions & events @ the KC #nafsa10 conf. It's been great meeting everyone!
Sen. Hopper looks like he is going insane
Ok this ref just sent Adu off for a "dive" that wasn't. Wow, #MLS refs.
disorganized, tired and stressedd
alright LYNN THE REALTOR what's the T
seriously started to prepare for my speech at #DePaul LAS honors convocation in 2 weeks. My 1st formal speech~~~
stanley cup - #kings - #devils kings take it in 7.
You get my text bro?
RT : Laura Haber from on mic now! "Born & bred in Bay Area, a non profit, goal is to reduce miles driven thru...
Right before you tap that putt or serve that tennis ball, take a deep breath and imagine yourself doing it perfectly
I need to keep up with the slang terms, a quick read made me think of a bossy teacher.
dude was a fucking poon anyways Good riddance!
It feels like Spring b/c 1)I walked my dog wearing shorts 2) is on TV 3)The windows are open 4)March is tomorrow 5) I see the sun
Need to find something to do besides laundry before its football and beers time.
I cook my dog meals, so what
I reserved 10 too :)
so not right.
Plowing through multiple #writing assignments today before BILLY BUDD at the Met tonight. And then there's the laundry. Why???
you can do it
I would retweet that but you spelled something wrong.
some gr8 tech talk from #Intel -
The part where they'd just taken out a whole bunch of enemies & it was just the 2 of them for a second...
Lol at you
Happy 21st lovely!!!
at the cross?
WHAT. Damn that must suck! I'd like shoot myself lol
SO MUCH STUDYING
You sir, can suck it. Jerk.
An idea we should all embrace: RT : "We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone." — Ronald Reagan
in reachin my romantic goals, I'm lettin go of the past.I could finally feel complete -- but it's only the beginning."
The fact I might not go to school tomorrow >>>>
can't wait till th
lets hope you dont have a heatwave and a drought then
Haha be careful over there (:
Keep your mind active.
i really wish i could have gone with you.
I wanna know what its like to have your hand in mine, what its like to have your arms around me, & what its like to have your lips on mine<3
- Well, that's not true. I do like a large portion of Brotherhood. Ok, I'll have to give Republic another listen.
Nicely said.
And I can't even trip, cause I'm just laughing at ya, you trying hard to maintain, then go ahead, Cause I ain't mad at ya.
We found that for LGBT Latinos/as the more family support one has the more likely one is to be out.
I always wonder if you smile when you see MY name pop up on your phone
#dayWithWikipedia says Rush is the equal to the Obama speech--->
That one isn't on my travel schedule. We should be friends on FourSquare in case we end up in the same place and don't know it!
Proud 2 report a 40% conversion rate from recent event emailcampaign. Buttons, bullets, segmentation & good content =
Olivia, stfu. You. Are. Beautiful. <3
I bought a bike last night..so I'll be picking it up downtown and riding it home. Then you will have to call me a hipster too
TMZ reporting that Junior Seau has died as the result of a shooting.
I also have screen shots of the #pfz streem that I'm going to sort through tomorrow, gonna put the highlights in a separate post...
Danze & Davis Architects receives DR Horton's Distinguished Service Award. See why we're the # one architectural firm for homebuilders!
RT Mardi Gras party pops off (under nice warm tents) today 11-4 w beer food tunes. c y'all there
I love you to and I hope your day is awesome
u not wearing the right ones. Im currently in love with them
Spring Special -> Wednesday's 18 holes with cart $18. Open Wednesday nights with Prime Rib Special. Call 608.776.3377 for more details.
ok me :*walking to the crunt with heath for are tag team* i cant wate to kick some butt heath
I realize the Seattle cyclist culture is unique and hardy, but I question the judgement of those that commute on hard rain days. Dangerous.
Now I'm going to have to listen to the Beastie Boys for the rest of the day. RIP, MCA.
I thought I heard the same thing. Did you see them?
Testing a tweet.
If your name isn't Niall Horan, Harry Styles, Liam Payne, Zayn Malik, or Louis Tomlinson, sorry but it's not gonna work between us.
when is this happening?
its torture thats what it is!
Time for me to make a mistake, take a chance, dream big, and keep moving forward.
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don't have enough on my plate.
.....like I've always known, ur love lies with me....chorus.
On the whole, I'd rather be in South Bend.
Happy Saturday to you!
"Please ponder & be proactive in choosing how YOU use your time." Wise counsel for anyone.
I still think its YOUR MUM!
Hey-thanks! We appreciate it!
Tennessee in the US
lol ok. I'll try it when I get a chance :)
I know you are <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> That tweet was for everyone else...
Priceline&#39;s CEO to Outline Mobile Strategy
What should I eat???
listening to these Dilla beats..
SO CLOSE!
I mean why would her ASSt open the door wide open as the DR is examine my vagina? Why who does that?
Dustin Brown, you make me so happy :)
blessed to wake now he gave the strength lets go !!!!
ahh, forgot about the cooked fruit thing. :) looks delish!
CAN WE PLEASE! Its so freaking hot now! I need that! (:
My nigg I'm still crackin up
Once you learn to stop giving a fuck about other people your life gets a lot easier
Aww, we need a #gammaGUYS tag for stuff like this!
what?! What channel shows the OC?! Hahaha
Downloaded and started using Amazing experience, meticulously designed. I am quite impressed.
thanks, Jordan ;)
I have now :)
I'm the same height as Christian Beadles...
can i please get more followers im asking nicely!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:) and thats not like me
Strategy makes all the difference for online marketing. Get a perspective of the internet marketing channels, what fits for your business?
You are so sweet! Thank you : )
she is your mommy your ant-tea your prayer vigilante
I don't regret the past, I just regret the time I've wasted on the wrong people.
I hate girls like that so mucccchhhh. Don't blame every guy for being an asshole just because you have shitty taste.
Why oh why must people break glass all over downtown?
Aaron Cook exits and the O's are into the Red Sox bullpen early. Nasty injury for Cook. Didn't look hurt but looked nasty.
Intersection of lives in the classroom and outside the classroom is today's topic with
I can't help you there, I dont have a lot of followers. I figured....if I built it, they would follow...but I may have over thought that...
just... Those HEELS! On a Wednesday afternoon! I'm all for fashion over function, but DAMN!
What's happenin?
I just want to hate you so bad
2:01:30! That's amazing. You are so a seriou renaissance man
That Awkward Moment When You Say "Hoe" Instead Of How
I don't think Bibby should be playing at all anymore. LeBron could play point guard when Chalmers is out.
Happy Friday Tweetpeeps.make it Fabulous!!
#perfectguyforme , well i already have the perfect guy for me , his name is Brandon Allen Vannoy <3
Hey Ben thanks for following me!! =)
Laker fans at the staple center please keep the energy up in the building
Holy.shit. I wouldn't be surprised if someone went insane from reading about someone who is going insane....
#NeverTrustAGuyWho dosent wanna be seen with you in public because then hes just a dirty dog
always good times, renz. so proud of you and your continued brilliance. i HEART the new site! it's HOT
Happy Thanksgiving!
Change & growth take place when a person has risked himself & dares to become involved in experimenting with his own life. -Otto
Awarded ACDC guest artist at HCC! So excited!
coming soon.
I told d-boy I would be happy to code a web app to count ur votes (for free), never heard back...
Biggest MSU football game ever...!
Hopefully my triangle tunnels come in today
If I get a job in Boston, I will be moving to Boston this summer. If not, no.
Steve: Harry should've ended up with Hermoine & Ron with the red-head. Me: That's his sister!
can I get a fet well post ?
I think my 7th graders would really like Glogster
My bracket looked shot but I win if the wildcats win.
Early morning tweeters
Very belated but sincere thanks for the SO last week. Enjoy your weekend.
listening to , who is a #geoglobaldominatrix, can i say that?
doing our project
It's one thing to rain during the workweek, but on the weekends too? Unacceptable!! ;)
sure just did :)
It's 8:20. It's still light out.
that's good! One of my friends is a pilot and always talks about how exciting AF flying is (I went to Ring Dance once also)
unfamiliar territory
Buzzin day today :).
....I might regret saying that. Lol it was like giving you permission! Oh my...
Really?? Wait! I know that place. Right by Silver Strand. Been there once. :)
she looks a mess tbh
Yes! 2xs. And the horror story he wrote this year (5th grade) was given an A+, but he was not allowed to read it to the class.
“: Ditto that! Fishing with the boys, hiking with the rest of the fam and Guinness! Perfection!” Sounds perfect.
what did they do? In my small town, Walmart was all we had so I love it in a nostalgic way ha.
you would probably make more money if your link worked
Everybody in the universe knows Bean is taking this 3.
Wow! Well done videos ... very eye-opening
Just watched STAR WARS in 3D. Love you, Darth Maul.
I wouldn't mind leaving. But that would be illegal. But it's still on my mind.
MT TONIGHT | WisEye is covering Common Cause in WI w/Sen. Larson, Rep. Richards, former SC Justice Geske and Rep. Honadel
Picked up a #oilfieldservices business valuation. Something tells me there will be quite a few of them this year!
we'll see about that tonight
Back in the city of angels... time to turn up some hell.. ;)
and where would you find people to wheel it to your house? the fire department is already hauling a giant fire engine
Kill 'em with the ass clap girl LOL just kiddin ": Out doing my thang :)"
So stoked to play tonight with when lambs became lions again. Gonna be a great show. Everyone come out and support
Thanks to the The Costanzas for having us out to the Opolis last night! We had a great time and it was a good show!
There's an iPhone 4 in the house and it's not mine. Signs of life to come.
I will lose terribly RT : yes it is. You really want to get into a cursing debate?
#Anthocyanins slow aging &free-radical fighting agents! Cherries,Blueberries, Pomegranates, Cranberries, Sweet potatoes, Elderberries,Grapes
Nothing beats the sound of waves hitting the shore at night.
RT : IM TEACHING TODAY!!! FIRST CLASS of the NEW YEAR 9pm! Got a new one FAH you! :) Come thru if you can.
because they're jealous of your perfectness?
learning too much CSS. like the back-end stuff better. full-stack programming i suppose.
Happy Spring Break to all SLIS Students! We'll be taking a break on Twitter & Facebook next week, too! See you in April :)
I think our shoes are gonna be untied the whole night!
can you please follow me ?<3
hey, concert on sunday right? what time
A, A-, B+ & B ... i will take it for my grades. Now only one more semester :)
date with my boyfriend was so fun!
Time for a hike...where are those snowshoes
Can I go to THATcamp, administration? Y?
Last night my dad met for the first time. Seeing my dad meet someone from one of his favorite shows was the cutest thing ever.
Sorry all, but we will be CLOSED on Saturday, June 4th for a wedding. We apologize for any inconvenience!
We win our College Football Game of the Year yesterday, but a poor showing in college hoops for the day. Get on board for Sunday's Card!
I love people. I take a call to set up a tow & the guy says "Oh it's not as bad as the last time my car was there." The car arrives right
All nu Thursday stop. Chick gonna be a zoo tho
What are your next few evenings looking like? I have a groupon for a Peruvian restaurant that expires on Wends....lol
This white dude wearing a du-rag is way to much for me to handle right now
HOLY SHITT AWKWARD WAS AMAZING!!!!!!! <33333333 IM GONNA DIE I CNT BELIEVE SHE WROTE THAT NOTE THATS CRAZY MATTY IS A HOTTIE!
I wasn't a PSU fan yet, but it made nights at The Canteen--Bartlesville, Oklahoma's 1 teen hangout--dependably lame.
Glad its friday.
Give up the trophy, you ass!
Take me or leave me, I'll never be perfect believe me I'm worth it, so take me or leave me<3
aww(: I miss you too I will definitely come see you!!
Digital First Media launches war veterans project
aw i can't watch it :( my sister's computer's dead :( :( :(
I feel you bro, u should pass by our new spot
surprised you didn't go with red for your badgers.
I shoulda known:-) People don't realize how much bartering can help them! I do partial and full barters - always have!
sometime drake be on that corny shit...buddens skills is rediculous!!!!
can you text me your email address?
Im just in a great mood, man!
” — Albus Dumbledore from Harry Potter (movie)
my condolences. i am so sorry.
Rosie show sold out on Dec 10 at Davenport's but please watch because may be adding another show...
your mom! Lmao!!!
End of the #buckeye season. First 7 loss season since 1897.
That was the 10th time these NBC commentators have talked about Ricky Fowler's 'Jack Sparrow' look.
How do theories like the government doesn't creat jobs even get started and then assumed true...
Appreciate the mentions and RT's, thanks! JPeters1221
YES they are! apparently they decided to play with their eyes closed and put no effort in this series =[
too many pregnant celebs and too many are getting engaged they must have spring fever too
sitting in Miami traffic trying to get to the heat game. this is easily one of the 5 worst places in the entire world
Have to tell you guys...your "Sakura Black" and "Taiwan Ruby Black" teas are just outstanding. Very unique flavors.
wow. That's a killer.
now i dont even know if i still want to be in Marketing since Mr.Lange is going to move schools
I will be 40 within a year and a half from now.
you're moving to Atlanta?! So exciting! And a better climate too ;) <U+2600>
I'm not going to sleep.
It's just a webcam for the stream or HD? (If HD, how did you do it as I have a camcorder I'd like to stream?)
Love Lisa and Celtic Woman.
what time I have a presentation at 5pm
I tip my already mostly-tipped hat to you guys!
ask ur mom if she found out please.
The train conductor is talking in a fake British accent and the guy next to me looks like Harry Styles. I love New York.
A close game between #23 Auburn and Utah St. 21-21 in the 3rd quarter. This is another game I want the underdog to win badly.
Helpful feedback on social media editorial calendars and content syndication at #smreboot. Next step: tackle over-fragmentation.
What's your passion?
Monday, blah blah blah...back to school/work, blah blah blah!
Love my friends.
Smart play rex
needs a sponsor for MISS CALIFORNIA USA 2010!!!
One of the best TV series ever constructed!
Let them help make your household budget & then their own RT : Q5. If you have kids..how do you teach them about debt?
Rex says he never gets excited about drafting wideouts, but raves about 's speed: "Wow. Hill can fly."
The real problem to job creation in MKE.....Tom Barrett.
I'm still good for a lap dance though!
When you get your a$$ out of bed... give me a call!!
please could i get a follow for my birthday?<3 it would mean the world to me<3
Did a Porsche event at Road America this week. They are promoting their new Panamera which is their first sedan. Man, it is sweet!!
No problem! Please stop by for toffee soon! RT : thanks for the #FF love!
Because of being 20 minutes late on ordering my Nvidia GTX 570 I may have to wait till tomorrow to receive it :(
Constantly being one step behind I'd no way to go through life. Get your shit done and you'll be happier.
I might need to go attack a vending machine
What do you think #IUBB needs to do to get 2 big road wins agianst #Michigan and #Purdue?
I'm just waiting on the worldstar video of the fight. That's where all twitter beefs lead.
Everybody and there fucking high expectations of me but not helping me do shit .
Need feedback on your current CV? Come get some Friday at 12pm in the Huff House, rm 107 RSVP at bit.ly/tSNPtb
there's nothing wrong with pre-gaming on the train!
Focusing on how gorgeous it is outside while running errands.
Harborfields High School Varsity Cheer car wash!
ANIMANIACS - THEME SONG LYRICS
Planing my spring break vacation:)
Craving something sweet or salty? You might really be hungry
I agree with you.
Be sure and watch at noon. David Pettyjohn will be discussing OK Humanities Awards & nominations!
a lot fo googd ideas to make money from affiliate marketing to google adsense to paid surveys
Wrap that up as a win, back to LA for game 3
have you seen the video for lightning by the wanted? MAX'S ARMS ARE LIKE AMAZING
Illinois shake down on business-Sears breaking free. Wisconsin in the hunt for major stakes. Milwaukee ready to deliver on workforce.
yea really
I wanna see the girls who actually stick around when a new band comes out and ppl are saying 1D aren't relevant, those are my sisters!
MySpace will it express its feelings on Sulia.....
Can't decide between Asking Alexandria, Escape The Fate, A Day To Remember, or Black Veil Brides T-shirts...damn it !
you a trill bitch put y motha fuckin hands up (chant)
Excited for today's meeting, and not just because it's raining outside! Our contractor Paul is speaking today~
Brit, I don't get the reference.
Trying 2stay healthy over the holidays?? Take a box of crisps w/u! Don't 4get to bring for the host too, bc then that would just be rude.
I assume this means students who don't have them already will have to purchase?
Canadian sushi: should we?
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. -Augustine
Love RT : Government and celebrities trying to cut down on abundance of pork.
No microwave should need to know the date in order to set the clock. Even AM/PM seems minimally invasive. Tip of the cap, Sunbeam SGC7701.
RT : "Birches" by Robert Frost. RT : Carry a poem around tmrw in honor of Poem in Your Pocket day. Which poem?
How great MKE really is - over 100 items donated, over 30 bach/ettes, over 500 people attending. All for kids & cancer. dateforacure.org
y doesnt Derick Rose have a twitter??????
no need to get mad lol
A look at the long-term redevelopment plan for Springfield, MA after last June's tornado on at 9pm.
just like 3 times lol..u?
Kyrie getting doubled by the #celtics. #Respect. Go #Cavs!
Yeah #NASCAR!!
East coast weather boosts hair volume, and natural curl - will be missed.
have you bought the single yet?
Looking at online #patienteducation offerings, dominated by surgery decision/procedure; little on post-op patient behavior/reducing problems
I've been asking my library instruction students (college level) how many are on Tumblr. Lots! Tumblr is awesome, and students are using it.
show at sacred grounds tonight. see you there
"Thumbs are awesome" might the best takeaway from 's #FOWD workshop thus far.
#Echofon...... My spell gene is absent
In #DC too RY RT Teachers spend on avg $25/mo own money to feed their students says
haha I looked through the credential list from the game... but I've been pretty good... how about yourself??
lol it's all good, i laughed too ..then choked her out lol jk ;D
I cannot believe that jackass is still employed by ESPN.
I can't stand my daughter's best friend. She is constantly tattling on my daughter... to me!
Ok, 10% VIP discount (Today Only) when you show this tweet and mention our mascots name "Lunabelle" RT : maybe...
Thanks! RT thank you for everything this semester! Definitely one of the top enjoyable classes/professors Ive had at tech.
Don't want to be in Arranging for 2 hours...
I didn't realize it was hotter than Africa out side and I am walking my dog in a black t and elites
“: MT Toddler Angel Babcock (the only survivor of the family of 5 in Pekin, IN) has been taken off life support.”SO SAD!
Thanks, Jodi, for the shout-out to my colleagues and
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Some children end up in Child Protective Services while others go to Juvenile Court for the same conduct.
Awww Man..Here we go again with all this snow stuff again!!
Yeah, she's pretty dang Muppety!
"emotional availability is so sexy." w
Kids, adults can pull in to model-train depot Saturday - Andover Townsman
The work day needs to end now.
Currently recruiting a part time staff accountant with WIP experience, in a manufacturing environment. 3-5 years experience preferred. Ref…
"oral cholera vaccine that can help prevent people from getting cholera again. Why wouldn't we do that?" -Jon Lascher, Partners in Health
Worship service
This is a day on which I am not pleased to be of the female persuasion.
Balance billing has been a critical problem for a long time. A sign our healthcare system is broken.
RT : Why does Romeny have a Swiss bank account? #WhatsRomneyHiding Where's your taxes??
exactly, let's just play some baseball...
Following u ;) “: Please follow me”
I believe I'm free tomorrow night.
he makes my day :)
Taking easy ass tests that make you feel smart>>>
good food. good weed. good liquor. good company. good times.
Who wants dinner !
Yeah that was indeed a monstrosity. There are tons of Melvin Stukes and Pete Welch signs in District 9, all posted on vacants.
OK Good I trust everything works out. If it does spread the work about our
Duquette Sports Academy Labor Day Tourney team sample: Greenfield Nor'Easters, Wells Warriors (Niskayuna, NY), Pittsfield Daddy O's.
I WON THE #Flyers vs #Penguins GAME IN FANCAKE! BOW DOWN TO MY GREATNESS AND WORSHIP MY FEET!
Charmed, I'm sure.
Here come the waterworks
So cheesay RT : Thanks for a great day guys! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
SM is a cool way to teach Wisdom of Crowds
Does Jahvid Best taking under market val w/ his 10 mil while guys around him got 12-13 mil make Hughes contract harder to do?
Threats to ebook lending: publishers, budgets, licenses, change in technology, vendor lending services
I heard a talk today by Noam Chomsky and he implied that infants could learn to read in the same manner they learn to talk.
use of research findings in payer+provider operations makes sense and is much needed
Oomf Gt Nigga Problems But Won't Let Me Show Her Love From A Real Nigga
Victim was a staff member, Mrs. Patty, teacher aid from Patriot HS She is in critical condition. Her husband who shot her is dead.
#ThoughtsAtWalmart I want that & that & that & that & that & that
follow me!1
A True Classic.
she must have done a lot of praying before that to the national anthem gods.
Let's open a pizzeria and close at f#*€in 9 pm. Good business.
Thanks St. Clair County Bar Association for gathering 150+ participants for ILSCCP-ARDC Ethics & Professionalism CLE
When ur young ur delight is friends, but when u grow up ur delight is family and money......so I don't mind my circle being small...GWS
This melancholy weather makes me miss the 9 train.
I am in love with the Oreo Klondike bar i can not eat enough of them they're just SOO GOOD
WERE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!!!
My mama making me ride the bus cuz i lost my permit!
No one !
Sweat Tips New Haven Officer Off To Robbery Suspect - Hartford Courant
Mf think I'm stupid or sum knowing dam well I hate liers smh Iight niggas wanna play them dum games then fuck it go head do yu I'm dne
oh Twitter. You have no idea how excited I am for my interview on Monday. New York Publishing dreams are coming true!
RT : YES!! says build the product that YOU want to use. That's what we did & it makes all the difference!...
I don't see any good ones, but definitely use anything you can find. Some of them dropped off the free account I think.
"Fat Chicks Need Love Too .. Just Gotta Pay"
I love it when you can tell you've been followed by a spam bot, especially when the company is state specific and not in yours....
Haha I can't stand Crocs! Keep 'em coming you make me chuckle...
Avengers? Yes,please!
1) Race is complicated PRECISELY BECAUSE it is made up, constructed, arbitrary, and shifting - yet still powerfully constant, and ... (2/3)
If you need to get your feelings out, Im a great person to talk to... Just a DM away <3 :)
yay! Me too!
What's #DwightHoward thinking now? addresses latest news on #OrlandoMagic center with right now.
having lunch with your mama 4 her bday.
it always gets busy when I go on break \m/
Oh no griot for you boo :(
or a queen :)
Peple ask me why inspires me. I respond that she grew from her past and made her life better, like im working to now(:
Watson fucked over Chicago
you can be older and still be immature...you can be young and be mature...seriously, age ain't nothin but a number.
hey heyy omg i miss you <3
50+pgs of abstractions described through case studies and interviews to create/write in 7 wks, plus 3 classes and a job, thank god no baby
why didn't anyone tell me that Betty Garrett died this year? :(
Breakfast for dinner!
Fuck you school. I wanna sleep.
So sorry for your loss! “: Keep me and my family in prayer as I just found out my Sis-In-Law KIM MILLER passed away this morning!”
Yea Sunday! We are open now until 4pm and this week we start staying open until 5pm
We were on time until we had to go back for the marriage license.
We can dig Island Girls, just like Although the way we dig them is slightly different...
me too!
i wonder how many times ive backed up without looking in my rearview mirror and not hit anything? damn.
I think Ima gonna sing hater by Miranda Brooke for the talent show . - Zaona
He gonna get atleast 5 RT : Two game suspension and lets keep it moving...They are going to talk this to death...
these hoes fake dude!
Z i follow every F-in bodi
#Crazyness when your sister tells you the trolalalalolerss go to our school
Why did I not take the free tickets to go see Darius Rucker and Lady Antebellum today ?
Never had a Shamrock shake . . . If that thing doesn't get you drunk, I'm protesting!!
she requested the one that liked her. sorry, it happened to be milo.
Any lady brewers interested in brewing for the Alleyfight this year? Let us know--we'll hook you up!
Er school starts in a few e_e
I don't think I've launched a program from the Dock in two years. Isn't Spotlight just way faster?
I think it's a gone-r girl. Hate to be the bearer of bad news! ;)
$$$$$ shopping this week tattoo this weekend"
that's probably why they dont make them anymore.
No No
Blue Bobby Production Akila Records
Everyone please follow I manage the lakeside resort and would live to share it's beauty & fun with as many as possible!
Hello there trevor what is up
How you like the twat? I mean twitter xD
Oh Honey if you want to learn good stuff BookEnds w Jessica is the best ever/every day is good book industry info
I ALWAYS SAY THIS TO MY KIDS! LOL “: #ThingsMyMotherSays "Do you have any homework you haven't done?"
Johnny Most is smoking 7 Lucky Strikes & chugging Canadian Mist in heaven right now
Great #shot2011 meeting. Many thanks to new colleagues in history. I have some great notes.
Ugh my phone just rang and I don't feel like getting it
Matthew, at 9 on a Fri night: "Can I start calling random people?"
So mad rite now
I commend my brain for coming up with that one. It was quite nice, haha.
<3 Thanks so much for recommending my book & hosting a giveaway.
Imagine a picture perfect world... now wake up. see that load of crap? That's called reality.
i'll just leave that up to your boo
Got a mixtape dropping late June, have some new tracks ive been working on that I want you to spit a verse on, ill keep u posted
Happy Easter. ^______^
Finished the semester with 2 As one B and one C... can't complain.. I'm going for straight As next semester. watch...
this mpc is wayy to complicated for me
Yes, the Wiz one... they just did it on The Voice.
Damn you too? RT : Im always wrong. Let tha next person tell it.
Cascabel at Black Lodge. Pretty fucking good.
Are you down?
"Great spirits have always found violent opposition from mediocre minds." -Albert Einstein. One of my favorite quotes, and so very true.
preciate it mane
"The more that u read, the more things u will know. The more that u learn, the more places you'll go." -Dr. Seuss. What books r u reading?
When servers say "tell me when" as they grate cheese over your salad... What if you never tell them to stop? Will they grate forever?
I'm glad you enjoyed Red Sky Warning, Louisa :)
i really cant type because doctors keep coming in and josh snuck me a laptop we were walking by our hotel cause we stayed at the bea
I understand tired of PPT. But there's tired of Prezi too.
you is crazyy...Love bein on the phone with you ! ahhahahahaha
By George I've got it!
ATTENTION INTERNET(yet again): I know I'm not as fun as green beer but if someone could help me out this Sat 11a-4p I will owe you big time!
you guys up for margaritas?
I hate how my parents already made plans with my money before i get it.....
New libraries attract students! Now, let's make a great college!
When you send a text to someone.. but it doesn't always deliver until you open that chat back up.
Line Edit Tool for Arcmap is approved and Developer starts earning. Come and join us to earn money from your extensions
So I told him and he doesn't believe me.
Was he French? The Lion King has 1 of my favorite jokes, tho: "Nothing. What's a motto w you?"
Encourages our communities to go out and vote tomorrow. Let your vote be heard.
People who do the same face when they take a pic :/
Nice bio, looking forward to reading more from you. thanks for the follow!
March 9 @ The Avenue Lounge w/ The Turkeys. Come shake yo' sass!
how is the evan smotrycz thing any different.. blocked schools we will be playing along with B1G
they are some sneaky mfs lol
like a mother effer haha that's great
RT Let us not forget about the less fortunate who've never been to a restaurant where an educated foreigner recites the menu to you.
Did you graduate from Milliken University in Decatur?
Hey Class of 2002! We need your email addresses if you want to be apart of planning your 10 year reunion! Tweet them to us!
Seriously! I was also thinking about starting a #FridayReads board today.
I LOVE SO MUCH! Are you's looking forward to June 1st in Belfast? I'll be there for my 16th birthday, give us a shoutout?;)
Give permission.
you playing at is8 this weekend??
yes yes, we know the cali flag snapback is sold out, more to come on 8/30!!! - BUREAU CAP
you don't have to pay me! Haha if I have one I'll just give it to you but I gotta look
hahah he's handsome ;) lolol he sounds like buzz light year xp
Going to for Spring Break? Party all night Contact me for #VIP tables and information about upcoming events
no i was sendin it to fransisco did u see the link he send us cuz i aint gonna watch it
Yo the Magic handed out some heavy contracts a few years back.. Arenas is in the top 10 or 15 highest paid in the league.
Rocked a commercial audition today! And preparing for another audition on Monday! But 1st I gotta birthday party w/my LA peeps tonight!
Thank you everyone! I appreciate your "likes" and kind comments. :)
Cute pic of you and j :)
Haha! That's so true!
that's what I had, 2 sacres, a Stockton, a dower, and a team clip.
Head down to and grab your 2011 Program Book! So you know what day our film premieres
You're looking at me, but I'm looking right through you..
is he still not signed?!?
However, I have not converted from a braves fan to a white sox fan. Just calling a spade, a spade.
yea, its true :p he's alive most of the time but posts very little things :p
Guess I'll get some Pleasant Ridge Chili befo work
Saw Johnny Knoxville at Laurel Tavern, was not someone I expected to see on a Monday evening.
Thanks! So glad to have finally met IRL.
oops, foot bits. Hospital ruining my brain.
walikn towards u
Having to wake up early on the one day we get to sleep in<<<<<<<<<
That should have been "imagining." arg ;)
no not yet I'm probably gonna post it at midnight or tomorrow because I took a long nap today sorry :/
#YouKnowYourHigh wth.... what a stupid trend......
If the iPad was chocolate... would you?
Catch Me @ Relic This Wednesday for the Pre-Thanksgiving Day Party...
'love and other drugs' nice drama movie which made me don't finish yet my job *nyetrika
I have 15th Birthday Day :*
When are you coming home again?
are you going to come by?
ah I see your
woooaaah thought you were asleep :)
should have one actual cooking show. MT The only way I'd bring back Good Eats is if there were fan demand.
. + RT : Favorite butcher shop in #indy?
I suck @ multi-tasking.
how do you train a cat not to bite...?
i wish i could afford the CP.2 kit with all the mounts. Ah, to dream.
Bulls all the way<3
R.I.P Gorden Simmons ........ We will miss you..... I still can't believe this :(
Indeed. Longer loading times bad for conversion! Thanks again and the vid work is done by my bud
Wow. Three months. It seems like I just called you on the phone at 10:36 at night on Valentine's Day just yesterday. I love you<3
“: You might like this - Rachel Platten and Caitlin Rose - fresh female singer-songwriters on the rise thanks!
Interested in a Free Digital Review and 2012 marketing plan for your #golfcourse, contact me at
those are less expensive then the ones I got tho...
Its a hard knock life for us .
The Gospel is not being preached correctly until my hands are moving as much as my lips.
standing by with sling in hand! “: Ready to take the world!!! Where my Giant-Slayers at!!??!!!”
Not a jerk at all. Thanks.
omg what!? Have fun! Maybe I'll see ya around :)
I know that your neighbors will miss you!
Why are some people still opposed to ebooks? They’re the same people that wouldn’t let women vote, because it would “disturb” things.
I won't for sure I do believe somewhere he knows what's happened & is smiling
Palm d'or winner or Scream 4 hm...
our new website... www.luma-institute.com
don't let cartoon characters fire you up. No one takes that cat seriously anymore.
Fo Sho! Tip in dunk was money! CATS CATS CATS!!
my thoughts exactly - proud of our troops but at the same time fearful of what may happen now
Anyone see La Traviata today ? Love Natalie Dessay. Disappointing set. I watched with eyes closed :(
Really hoping I win this week in fantasy football, if I do, guaranteed money.
"People react to weakness with meanness" - Rachel TRUTH.
making hits
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Happy Easter everyone! I can't wait for some kielbasa!
The English Riviera
'Abdu’l-Bahá’s train pulls into New York City. He’s been gone for three weeks.
-about the got to sleep :)
Melting & Licking Chocolate off of a plate<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
RT Follow my Friends
Hello, I wonder if you can help me address a support problem I'm having. Traditional channels aren't working. Can u help? Thanks.
Never been there, but now I need to go!
“: Just remember; someone loves everything you hate about yourself.” somebody else hates everything you love about yourself
Happy to be in audience of #new carolinas chapter: 300+ women & men w/Mary Davis Holt speaking
Come on C's
good luck !
#lovegettingtold oh, this is a winning ticket.
Buy One get one free cranburry naturals printable coupon
Little Giants AND Lion King on tv in one night?!!
yeah its depressing :( and idk, i barely obsess anymore bc i just dont have time. but i dont think im gonna stop, bc i just cant
Um... Two of the train conductors were together in the same part of the train with the door locked and when they came out, the guy had ---
Nothing like a good run to clear the good ol' noggin. Yeah I just said noggin.
not really...
Just picked up another rad show today at Jr.'s on red river and 6th st. We go on at 4:14! Stoked to be at
sexy moon
Thanks look forward to catching up, hopefully doesn't grill me tomorrow night...
Who wants a #FF? :P
RT : #AECSM A1: "policy" sounds so formal for many firms. Tips or guidelines may be met with more acceptance.
Tiger compared to Peewee Herman and Mike Tyson after the staged speach....hahaha!
Join us at the Atlanta Underground Film Festival. Sun 9/25 8:30pm at the Goat Farm to see "Bob and Bob"
Waiting for my mates to pick me up for my stag weekend...no idea where to and what the plan is - but I should be back Sunday night! ;-)
Looking forward to the Excursion to Auchentoshan Distillery
ODU to Conference USA and FBS football? Can I vote yes?
This radio station fuckin kills it at night.
Yes Amen sis! He is great. Its pleasure to receive u encouragement sis :) thank u for your prayers!!! May you be filled with peace
I love Tyra Banks.
Didn't we talk about how our boyfriends were our only friends at lunch today ? hahaha.
I am definitely a big big big fan...........Love ya <3
The best thing I ever did was investing everything in me
haha nah just
Everything poker!!! up to 75% off. Come see our store! www.Eproducts4less.biz
My dad catered that movie.
at New York (Brooklyn) Aviators game
Happy Friday!
we're good...all is well with yourself?
The food was fantastic! The cherry and goat cheese was devine! Thank you for all you did!
Norm, great seeing you today, and I got a lot of good information from you!
Don't deny it. We all calculate the minimum score we can get on our finals in order to get a certain letter grade.
Some say you should eat#fish once or 2 times a week? You think its the beef corps pushing there own agenda?
Dislikes people with no style!
Thanks for sharing this. I need to put re-immersion in NYPL on the agenda the next time I'm home to see the fam.
I had 3 auditions last week! #win. Wake Up! a film by amrheartfilms is 0-2 for film festival selections #fail. Come on Callbacks!
Instant #facepalm every single time I read something from that blog... *sigh*
It sucks knowing that you come second to the person you put first.
How is #ohreally trending?! Has the world just been hit by sudden and strangely unbelievable information?
I have a long sleeve shirt, a sweatshirt, & sweatpants on & I'm still cold too. Last night was ridiculous. They need heat.
ah i love lady gaga!!!! i really hate people who hate on her! she is soo talented and such a sweet person! whats wrong with people???
Good morning
wtf ever.. #biteme i don't need spelling lessons from you.
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily." - Zig Ziglar
Hello published writer.
Me: "Hola! Como estas? :)" Spanish guy: *Speaks mad fast Spanish* Me: "Dude, chill! Dora didn't teach me that yet!" -_-"
How come I can run 5 miles with 21,000 people, no problem, but I can't run a mile by myself without getting winded?
Change our unemployment system to a reemployment system - like!
Two of my favorite bass player friends on one tour! Enjoy guys.
Episode 1.... Let's see if I get hooked on another show.
you mother fucker
Just woke up from a dream where I invented collared pants.
Awh, thanks girl!
. I'll be there tonight around 6:30. Waiting for to get home.
Real time facebook status updates in the car after your date? Bitch you gotta get a life.
We will only crawl a website as fast as that site can handle. Going faster would take down the website.
cool - Norman Mailer's is my fave!
crap mood.
YOU HAVE TO GO. THIS YEAR IS ACTUALLY REALLY GOOD.
lol, so true
be your own person fuck everybody else
yes dear i created you lol :)
RT if you can't live without music
Key to effective book marketing? Portfolio approach - price is 1 factor but social, SEO all key. Data analytics is backbone.
try not to ask him 4 questions in one....just kidding.
bet friends:-)
Upside down car 520 east bound after 148th exit....wort the
follow my pepls
New on tCR: Interview with Maria Murnane. We talk about writing, soccer and the evils of buying used books. On thecurrentreader.com now
This Another Night Out 6-5-12 episode to legit
ohh jessica fletcher....you cunning little fox.
Kei does well to get that out from under his feet and get a shot on goal.
Their clothing is as fake as their spines.
Something Fresh For the Sports Fans...Are you ready???
have fun at the wedding Dill!!!! I wish your sister the best!
Wow! Congratulations. What a great way to start the year : )
Thanks!! That is hilarious :) My dad will love your take on it! Too bad the Heathkits are long gone.
heard the ratio is like 6 to 1 ;) get it son..
“: Spa staff in swanky resorts in Miami ask massage clients if they have ass implants so excess pressure injuries are avoided”
Christine is boyfriend shopping for me through our customers, not gonna lie she's doing pretty damn good !
I love garlic! 1st date worthy! RT : #Greek restaurant Estia. Greek food is great, but maybe not on a first date?
come on man. He was in pain. You know what it looks like to be in pain right?
Steam key is one of the most important selling points for me and
Hmm, no, actually slipping knitwise puts a twist into the stitch, so there's probably a specific reason.
The two ladies that mean alot to me i love them both lucky to have them in my life
good lookin signature there, must've been a busy day!
Congrats to Barry Larkin on his election to the National Baseball Hall of Fame. An all time favorite of mine! Lets Go
I may not have the best of hearing, but I can hear "I'm thinking about buying a bike." from a mile away.
just watched that She & Him video. Totes reminds me of vintage Rilo (in a good way) loves it <3
I'm twisting Something Sippn Something Yea u know I'm Turnt Up!
do what?
#replacebandsnameswithboobs boobs wanted
Sitting on the couch in my running gear. Tempting not to bother.
im going to go get wasted tonight ;D
I'm like "let me get up and start my day" but I remembered I have nothing to do
What is it about the "religious people" that the left has so much difficulty with? It can't be that they are threatened by them, could it?
I have to admit the phrase "ramble and yaw" is beautifully poetic
Arrived at the #LAMarathonExpo. We are in the second row in the purple booth with the massage table!
oh :( well it's not like it could have ruined your life or something
We are collaborating with The Hunger Task Force again this year! JULY 1-31. $2off haircut with 2 non-perishables, $5 off color service!
Many studies show that adding videos to a website increases traffic and time-on-site. Look for a major increase in online videos in 2009.
I feel like one... It doesnt matter i got u now.
Dance dance dance till ya dead
Didn't you left like 1 minute ago ? haha
Right now, I'm more ticked off at Joel Ward for taking that idiotic penalty!
Ceremony went well(: now off to the board meeting!
you a Que bruh. All yawl can grille. Hahahaha
oh emm gee. i know she jus told me,
hi follow me i luv u follow that would be great
Mayor Sanders: frequent role for mayor to meet with employers, understand what sectors are growing, e.g. clean tech most recently...
and his entire Bad Boy empire are hands down my biggest Hip Hop influence.
It's nice to know you hate me again. I'm not gonna play that game anymore, so bye. I won't try again.
that's what im gonna eat nigga:D<3
I hate when people leave voicemails!!! It's so annoying to check them. -_-
Thank you Bill. The kind words are much appreciated.
I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am~Francis Bacon ~Adjusting 4 inflation is now more like 30 yrs.
What's going on in Nat today/tonight.
Do I look like team followback get the fuck out my mentions
Got two gigs today! Word to
Q: What did the sign on the door of the whorehouse say? A: Beat it - we're closed.
Best she has ever looked!
Ahem. I think you mean Masshole.
omg. NO sardines in the workroom. please. i don't CARE if they're good for you. it's freakin' offensive.
Simple Solution to complex problem ~ Read The Label ~ lol
My girlfriend is a very angry person 0_o
Reason #1 tolls are good: don't have to wait at Polekatz for the roads to clear.
lol I was wondering what 8 had to do with that sentence
aren't we all supposed to die tonight or something? (kidding) Dead Or Famous!
I'm just looking forward to those great shorts/polo tan lines i inevitably will have by mid-June.
I have found a worthy foe. The mouse has eaten all the peanut butter off of two traps without snapping them. Touche, little mousie. Touche.
what about me!! :( LOL
The case about imported books will pit policy against some poorly drafted statutory language. Yes, a case that will make a diff!
... I miss u guys we have to still meet up this summer ... :)
Yo tell Carena, and charlie hi. Charlie is a girl. Her mom was the princabal when I was there
Thinks it is clear that Kroger's has no idea how late Easter falls this year. Guys, it's not even Lent yet.
NEVER CUT the TIES in what you have the POWER to UNTIE. CHERISH your relationships!
Back to Vegas...
Free t-shirt to 1st reply: who is shaking Pres Eisenhower's hand in the baseball tribute video we posted a while back?
<~ is this a protected account ?
Hi fam! April and May are always the busiest months for me. Nonetheless, I hope everyone has a safe holiday weekend!!!!
I could be wrong, but anything Nick Cave plays a role in is bound to greatness! (Although it is fantastic in all)
"Great day to be an American, tough day to be a chicken" -- Denny's, haha, FREE Grand Slam today!
"You can lose a man like that by your own death, but not by his." (c) George Bernard Shaw
in other news the NYRangers won 2-1 go Rangers!
LOL THEY NEED THE NANNY FROM TV
Welcome back Kovalchuk way to follow up Elias with a goal 20 seconds later..
See : People do a lot of things in other countries we don't do here. Dog on top of the car was not right.
Wonder how this convo gnna go... An how long its gnna take...
See what I mean? Nice. RT Thank you kindly for your wonderful mention! Happy #ecomonday to you too!
Indie record label out of L.A. will be including my single "Far Away" on their national CD sampler release this month! :)
hilarious. RT : Romney: 'Anything wrong, I'm opposed to'
#20ThingsAboutMe 18. I wish my hair was thicker.
he's under 70 pitches. He could keep going until he gets in trouble.
Walking Helps Reduce Cardiovascular Disease Risk F
I swear twitter is like the mothership of negativity and all you dudes are alien vs predator feasting on BS
The whole emphasis of our spiritual practice should be aimed at creating positive and healthy thoughts and actions.
thanks you guys! You rock!
everyone is boaring on fridays now a days
... suspecting my friends who intentionally use "teh" are hoping to mask their OCD.
new+jersey+nets
Damn it's a little bur outside.
What doesn't shake me, doesn't wake me.
these philly fights be crazy as shit
My brain is telling me to protect everything I stand for but my heart says yolo.
“: When the Bible lays dormant in your bedroom, its power will be void in your life.”
you are so welcome! if you play your cards right... You may get a gift too
Uh-oh. I'm grandfathered into AT&T's unlimited plan. And, like airline fees, I'm guessing AT&T will see this as permission to follow.
thanks to you I'm now fixated on David Letterman's nightly tie choice.
Gym was good today..... Yeah.
#OnceYou are on Twitter you cannot get off!
Thanks Man. You too!
Is this the famous Emily Brown??? Seriously though, Evan never told me you were so talented Great article!
Thank you for the mention! Happy Monday!
we've got green SKC scarves!
When you have a bad cold, do the voices in your head make you say stupid things, too? Or is it just me?
Thank you Matt!!
yeah. Wasn't the best SNL but the 100th digital short was too funny.
: This isn't really an appropriate way to treat the mayor. Cc:
The Center is all decked out and ready for tonight's event! A few more finishing touches and then it's Cocktails & Connections time!
In case you're worried by the inflammatory tweets, the account has been hacked. Let's hope the criminals behind it are prosecuted.
Mission impossible: try to get a bar to put the sound on for Wisconsin game
There's a geese fight going down right now
My friend is addicted to your song Bewitched. :) You guys are definetly grwoing on her! :)
Congrats client Mary Jean Davis who lead the ticket tonight in Chas City Council at large.
Fun fact: We will be changing up our apartment inventory & will be adding 7 new units.
hiya! not that I tweet much these days ;) but I'll be out of town through Sunday, so if you need anything, please forgive the delay :) xoxo!
On the entrance ramp to the highway of life at the moment....
Snap Chat Overload, but I don't hate it.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> SNAP CHAT FACES
Q: Why don't you pursure your crush? Sadly, I think he is straight.
Savage Love I’m a gay man in my late 20s who has been trying to deal with an attraction to young boys since I hit puberty. I know t
I'm going to sleep.
Yeah! DM me your contact info. :)
Just because you speak a different language doesn't mean I can't figure out that you're talking shit. We are closed.
Home grown Pure Kush tastes amazing. Natural sunlight. Ah. FTW & power bills
Pssh I know !! Me and u should move to L.A and be famous together?(:
My mom just said i was awesome because i'm doing what she said. And that it has always been true. Did she just have a near death experie ...
#NorthCarolina is trending its a sign!
More order's shipped, Thanks for the support "SNO" Fans we are working on new shirt's coming in October Stay tuned.. www.snoclothing.com
great set last night guys ! i'll see you again June 3rd ! <3
wish they would run that livery all year. Those blacked out bikes are sikc
winner will face #Spartans, who took town #Hawkeyes by a final of 92-75. Izzo's squad shot 58% from the field, 44% from long range.
Laying back catching up on some Music videos.
Well there goes my 10 bucks lmao
Think some people have forgot I exist tonight...
I type too fast for my keyboard...annoying lol
Literally pacing back and forth waiting for my mom- and aunt-in-law to get here. Ack, stupid traffic!!
Lech Mejewski's masterpiece THE MILL AND THE CROSS is now available on Blu-ray. Order a copy now from our site with our without PPR and DSL.
Watch out for them snakes in the grass
#PhatLinez with c:
Listening to NFLN re FA QBs make me happy that we have Ted Thompson and we don't have to worry about who will lead my team this year
There is a good chance my friend and I get into a fight at this game. Ranger fans are so sensitive.
my mom would be disappointed..
I just dont care anymore
at least its not tickets for the
I know, right!? Makes me want to start a business or something. ;)
Which type of therapy do you think is best for ADHD/ADD?
you need a new twiticon ASAP.
Sure thing, glad you followed back. My activity waxes and wanes. It's all fine.
are u in a teepee in uganda?
Thanks for the follow!
already several spin outs reported and we are just getting started! Be careful.
lucky you. but if you are in CA then I will have to go on a DC food truck hunt on my own next week!
Any thoughts on a roller derby play on Zooey Deschanel's name? Roolley Deschanel, etc?
Be happy! Your AAAHHHMMAAAZZZIIINNNGGGG!
thanks Kota!! See you Sunday!!
Elder, schmelder... Then you make it look so easy ;)
Huh. OK, thanks. Will look it up. I'm actually kinda digging this brochure, though. ;-)
They added " Beliebers- Group of fans of Canadian Singer Justin Drew Bieber (: " bhaahha Ohh i LOVE THIS WORLD!(:
the boa haha
SOTU - "We know a great teacher can offer an escape from poverty." But they still can't do it alone, Mr. President.
Toppers pizza is the shiiiiit. I'm seriously in heaven right now.
I love how Courage would always tell Muriel & Eustace of the events that are taking place by manipulating his body into different shapes.
A man should not have to sleep in Nike cold gear leggings, a hoodie and under 2 shower towels end of April
Enjoying the collective musicological freakout at being mentioned on Colbert.
you dumb.
El Bulli: Cooking in Progress kicks off it's theatrical run tomorrow EB also available tom. w/ PPR & Digital Site Licensing!
i 2nd that! But I've said "LIFE is what happens when your busy making plans... You just have to reroute and keep it moving!"
“: Keeping just got harder. May have no choice soon.” how did it get harder
chilling in SoBe, Warhol party later at the standard are you at Margiela?
I am never satisfied with what I create!
I wouldn't be surprised if Kobe injected himself with the Flu in attempt to be more Jordan-like.
Im FREAKING bored CANT sleep
Listening to #IDareYou by and it is so awesome!
"Write it on your heart that every day is the best day of the year." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Cyberry Digital Media (music startup) seeks 2 team members: PHP developer + biz dev person with proven track record (to impress investors).
I'm always proud of you!
i want to go on my roof and take artsy kinds of pictures.
I use it for long calls at home. So I don't carry it around (yet?)
me too!
we got three?? Wowza?
Without phonebooks how are we to press autumn leaves?
Hello! How is your #WoofWednesday going?
You never know how great you can be at something till you try
wish I was till in texas. My sisters friend is one the best in the country. 6 month waiting list for a tat from him
#SXSW finds: #Alamo #Ritz no talking or tweeting in this theater but eat and drink the night away.
@ Fabulous Education Service Officers' lunch hosted by
i feel like playing some zombies.
Ewing will join center Peter Konz in Atlanta. Too cool!
Paper by 53 is really slick! Thanks for the suggestion.
MAY DAY: thx for 8 hr work day, no child labor/forced child labor (which is wrong GOP, Mitt) gosh i wish gop ppl would stop their arrogance
Want to purchase that perfect gift that is cost effective, eco-friendly and with a multipurpose?..look no further visit .
I JUST DONT LIKE ABC OR DISNEY BRING BACK THE SOAPS I CAN NOT TELL A LIE I JUST DONT LIKE ABC BRING BACK MY SOAP
LMFAO much more valuable to his team???? whats their record, alls he has is yards on Rodgers...can't touch A.Rod LOL
Why are all these people posting their lottery tickets! People will copy your numbers! :>)
$10,000 I destroy you on the golf course. You have 0 argument & don't know the rule so you obsess on typos.
Is it Bears season yet? Being a Cubs fan is rough! I guess I can't win today!
RT : This Sat, be sure to join us for ! It's gonna be an AMAZING evening! I'll be on #SaxappealRefined mode.lol
no man! Thank you!!! Don't ever stop making music!
Hobbyist to the pro fisherman & angler
yes I heard..that Big one isn't ..holy Crap! He's delish!
I hear you . Losing motivation by the minute...
Many of my NYG tweeps on my TL will be split because of the NYR vs Devils series
If Floyd loosed this fight he's gotta fight Pac for his name sake and can no longer talk a 50/50 split with Pach!!!
The first five people to order using the "BIRTHDAY" code will also get an additional surprise gift in their order!
yeah you'really right
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book ......
:( Rest in peace Ms. Whitney houston. We lost another one of the greats.
just one more week of school and I start my break. omfg. YES.
So Flipper comes out and apologizes for an incident hat didn't happen? Yeah right!
Thanks too for following us. We sell just about anything that is legal
or not haha?...either way, I am sure it is a great story and best of luck w/ sbotd in the future
I'm tellin' ya, it'll be entertaining at the very least! (btw, you can see it for free via Netflix). It's going to be world-wide.
We've reserved you gents half the bar & a couple hi-tops, Nik & Dayanne at your service behind the bar. =)
HOW not WHO, lol
Yes, yes they are. : #TaxWallStreet... Just met with Congress man Young's aid, #nurses are PHENOMENAL!
: Dear Mr. Lazarou, Esq., Please inform your client some of us find ourselves bored and unamused without him on WWE. Thank You
I WANT TO GO SWIMMING TONIGHT WHOSE DOWN
Favorite Relative we've met - Jackson Gibbs & God Rest her Soul, Mrs. Mallard. Relative to meet - Abby's little brother.
I thing T2 gets better every time I watch it and Superman 4: Quest for Peace get worse every time I watch it.
“: Psst....you have the date wrong, it's Saturday June 9.....not june 6 ;-)” ~ thanks damn dyslexia.
I wanna go homee & munch !
RT : Join us at de Vere's Irish Pub every weekend for Brunch and enjoy $9 Bottomless Bottle Service Mimosas 9am-2pm!
your profile pix is crazy hot!!! You look like a 100 million dollarz!!
Weird numbers keep calling me..
Follow and
Done with teaching for the night.
You're very welcome! Great source of info!
Josh is singing Etta!!
Francisco couldn't save a dollar... At least record an out... Damn dude
It is just now 12 and my phone battery is at 55%
that's really random... He should come to at the beacham downtown!! :)
Mutual admiration & appreciation! It's team work & we're fortunate to have such a great partner! What a big win!
Want more views, bring Justin. End of story.
jomeezy is nasty tho! He's dope...I got some new beats
What do you get when you cross the Godfather with a lawyer? An offer you can't understand.
I'm at the #CARLconf2012 preconferences today down in San Diego.
wow you is just totally coral!
know why it's gonna be an awesome mothers day weekend ? special Saturday night on fx. Hold the flowers, just give me inappropriate
I wish i was one of those 900 people...
first of Petrino report- told my wife the same thing. Everyday has at least 1 Seinfeld connection 4me
Do drafters not understand 150 at bats? He has talent but Lawrie is going really high.
Have you tried the cod sliders? They’re on the Restaurant Week lunch menu. 2 courses for just $10, right now!
Pavillion black, table 39, seat 4. If anyone is stalking me, now is your chance. Morale high, 1st goal is 1st break.
if you stay till the end, say hi. I'm on the left by the sound booth/table wearing a tan jacket and red-ish shirt
I rate my life on a scale of Waiting For Guffman-Back To The Future.
rue. Let's call it art?
MERRY CHRISTMAS AND GOOD CHEER TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILIES
you have no soul
FREE LAP DANCES FRIDAY MARCH 23rd!!! Noon to Midnight!
On our way to Lion King at Bob Carr! Happy mothers Day momma! <3
Finder's keepers, losers suck
I havent figured you out. I said what U said was nasty, not that you're a nasty person We all make mistakes. So did breitbart.
There's a wedding dress sale I'm going to buy it now lmao
Bilingual Substitute Associate instructor at $15.07/hour & NO BENEFITS in all caps? America please get your priorities together.
Mizzou. “: where did Alex go?”
RT : All chalked in for the #UPAF #RideForTheArts as part of team B+L w/ and !
Happy Spring Break to our UCF Knight-Thon & Miracle participants! Have a fun and safe break. Thank you for your support!!
Maybe now you want more autonomy, flexibility, or to make a positive impact on the world.
Ayers: Jokes about the "I'll be dead by then" model of program planning.
my whole night: twitter, facebook, tumblr, and food. loving my saturday nights <3
5 runs 2 HRs. I didn't say an explosion or anything, just that they "left sleep mode," calm down
thanks for the support walid. What kind of work do you do in Egypt?
I judged German Wheat/Rye categorey this afternoon for the 1st round of NHC. Now my wife is dealing w the gaseous consequences
Getting ready to go home, long day !
both work. This week may be better!
my friend finished the mockingjay too
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
Learn Chinese for the day: set:<U+56FA><U+5B9A><U+7684>, study:<U+7814><U+7A76>, few:<U+5F88><U+5C11><U+6570>, trip:<U+65C5><U+884C>, match:<U+76F8><U+914D>
Didn't you say like 2 years ago that you wouldn't be friends with people that smoke? LMFAO. Another hypocrite BITCH.
nothing like a little johnny depp to cheer you up :D
Hey fellas what's up? Jon here, so I wore tshirt,shorts and flip flops to work 2day. Jim Boeheim is in studio..should I go home and change?
Anyone have link 2 Politically Speaking interview with party leaders, & Only able to catch last 10 min.
#no u may not have my number
It's happening
what a game who were you rooting for in the heat of the moment?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BRO CHRIS AND MY BRO !! PARTY PARTY PARTY LET'S ALL GET WASTED!! lol
Just scored 6 world of color passes from a random person
Was just needing that veg inspiration. Thank you!
Don Kelly is going to remind us why we're missing Austin Jackson, isn't he
i just ate the rest of my chipotle for dinner that i had for lunch. omg.
Social Media is the new way to do business so get used to it or move out of the way!
RT I Appreciate You .
awe your welcome! Plz post more of him from now on! He's too cute not to be seen lol he made me smile so much
I just chase my dreams
Feeling I'm about to sabotage myself tonight ...
#Brewer are not taking advantage of base runners today. Garza could have about 5 runs in him so far.
Of course I'm gonna follow one of my favorite authors.
#Knicks with a HUGE WIN
Never regret anything.
Out shopping and dinner tonight! Woo!
We're on our way back to NYC after a successful trip to the #MarchForLife today! We also got to meet several Congressmen at a reception.
You're very welcome! Thanks for using ShowClix, Happy New Year!
Maggie Smith is the new Betty White.
Oh… hello Trending Articles.
what's wrong?
THanks for following Nate!
hey bookie
Angela Cory just won't do right not taking this in front of a Grand Jury Zimmermen is guilty of murder in the 1st degree point blank
Life Changing!!
Looking forward to your decision on Monday morning, Judge Stroud.
Last time I tweeted I had 400 somethin followers, now I have over 600!! :^DD
RT : So I got the first week numbers, #14 hip hop album in the country, 4660 units sold
Great moments at tonight's Nevermore rehearsal! We love our cast and crew!
re: memory foam mattresses bahahah!
Now I know that I'm not all that you got. I guess that I, I just thought maybe we could find new ways to fall apart..
Very alive and well! Currently filming a new WWE series w other stars. Keep your ear to the ground for it
"Backend-as-a-Service" OMG THIS SHIT IS REAL.
every single fucking Hacker News article is like WHY YOUR DOG SHOULD LEARN TO CODE
in the building prepping and working on some tracks
THANK YOU. J school made me realize how many J students absolutely do NOT understand what "freedom of speech" means.
hate you
he did a great job today - speaking about the difference between education, information and learning.
will this slow down Netflix DVDs???
No use complaining its Friday and its my own fault I don't drive...still frustrating though
Dear Seth, Do I still have a job? that is all
Well. See ya next game.
i've been on those for yeeaarrssss!
Woohoo! We are at follower 809! Remember, follower # 1000 wins an autographed CD! I wonder who it will be??
Babyboy we'll be young forever
no man.......lol Adidas is more fiya then nike!!!!!!
Fact: from 1990 - 2010, the annualized return of the S&P 500 was 9.1% while the average active mutual fund returned 3.83%. Fess rob wealth.
Not #TaylorSwift. Please.
Ms. Major!!! Yes, been a long time, how are things?
How's the Movie Break and Dawn is it good ?
“: get that money girl!”
that's hilarious u made a TEST! test 123!!! hahahaha
She's got a point! RT MAYBE IF WAS SO FUN Y'ALL WOULD BE ENJOYING IT INSTEAD OF TWEETING IT NONSTOP
new orleans I'm down but that could be scary too but I think thats my top choice.
#questionsthatdontgetanswers can u?
Cobb's previous history of aggressiveness pays off
Thank you, ma'am!!
I'm getting tired of school man!!! Masters will be completed on aug 31... It seem like years from now!!!
IF YOU FOLLOW> IL GIVE YOU A SHOUTOUT!!!
The veggie rolls are more filling. I think just cheese, mushrooms, and spinach.
which basketball takes it all home this year now that Rose is hurt?
"im going to do laundry all day tomorrow" you from yesterday
Ah, yes, it should say "the majority of women under thirty WHO ARE HAVING CHILDREN are doing it on their own."
look who it is :-p
Ironic. Don't u think? Did the guest bring a waterfall?
not only do you have the greatest name in the #NFL but you're also from Bmore? Good stuff.
Thankful that God saw fit for our lives to intersect! LYB
So, has anyone approached #Crew96 FO about permanently installed smoke devices that would pass fire code & not explode the insurance bill?
i miss you too babe :/
LOL SHE DONT KNOW WHAT TO SAY LOL I LOVE HER THO
I want to be reborn as
#Indianapolis acc. to Tradeshow Weekly via planning guide: "Everything a #tradeshow manager could possibly dream of needing." <-FACT
Girl Scout cookies are being sold outside Saxby's at 35th & O. Get them while you can!
Bynum don't jump please - KD
Yes! I should be easy to find on Saturday at our #StartupLife Celebration. See you there!
Why was the plumber sad?
It interupts my sleep :(
NKYEC collaborates with UWGC & partners to establish Education Bold Goals
RT “: A champion needs in his attitude a motivation above and beyond winning. Pat Riley #raisethebar”
I just tebowed the shit out of Israel. ...I was also asked never to come back.
Either A you're known for for it or B you not known so get knownRT : Y is dick sucking a topic of discussion on my timeline lol
RT : The most legendary Porsche race cars were all customer cars from the 935 to the 962
If you past 20 and yo mama still live with u?
Just hopped out the shower , feeling like its gonna be a good ass day .
#BetterWithChicago not good with words. But if you want to believe me, I think I want those tickets more than anyone....
What is this the Depression? 1920s? Come on now. The recessions not that bad.
i just slapped my brother for pinching my thighh..
yes haha next event!!
if you're into musicals you should watch phantom of the opera...or you could watch dear john if you're in a love story mood
It kills me when I have to know someone else's job just to ask them to do something.
never seen a bigger mess of a customer queue in my life. Our bill is wrong about 1/3 of the time with random undisclosed charges.
Wear one of my two Super Bowl Champ Shirts.... The Green one if we are at home and the white one if we are at an away game
Don't u hate the look the adults and younger kids give wen u slide out of the slide from mc donalds +_-
I'm off for spring break and I just woke up! Life is good :)
HAVE A NICE DAY.
killed it in Knuffle Bunny. Yea girl!
FUQ YEAH MAYNE. But I'll have to charge you...
So much to get done tomorrow and I'm wide awake going over what I have to do in my head.
Ahh yes I may be headed that same direction :) where in Cali?
RSVP: After Dark
Saturday at was brilliant. 2 more weeks of grinding out some school work and then a Scandinavian adventure. Can't wait.
The brave overcome fear.
could of told you that one. Manhattan in summer is beyond amazing.
Thanks to for sharing #UWSocial with us!
#ROC peeps, is playing the Lilac Fest. This band is a blast to watch even if you don't know them. Front man Fred is amazing!
When First National City Bank of New Your first bought Hubschman Factors in 1965 it was the start of modern factoring.
A clean, new blouse attracts the soup of the day. Looking for #funnyoneliners for my site. Anyone have ideas?
just got drenched..
Loved Phillip Phillips' version of Madcon's Beggin'! I'd buy that record! Today. America, vote for ! He's the only original!
i have no doubts it is...but your hourly is higher online
yeahh, hahahahah. im tired but loosing sleep is worth talking to you ;)
So, #gay Republicans hate taxes more than they hate the people who hate them. Okay, sure.
Q8 You're heading on vacay when a friend calls saying they have emergency surgery. Would you stay home or go anyway?
Nice, solid win. Gutted it out. Hopefully they can keep it going on the road on Sun RT : Final: Indiana 73, Michigan 71.
I'm about to start Chapter 5 in The Geography of Bliss -- Iceland: Happiness is Failure. #mustgotoiceland to see if this is true.
Up late smkn
Best thing for Vikings: Ponder throws for a ton of yards this season but Vikings still lose/end up with first pick to trade away
hell, Triv could hit 4th with our current healthy players
hop off of her dick.
After 31 days in the auto hospital, my Civic Hybrid is finally returning home after her accident. #proudmom #thankgoodness b/c gas is HIGH.
Feels like 1968 except Obama is Nixon and the MSM and LEFT loves him and the music scene really sucks.
bahahaha oh lord
Texans petition for a Ron Paul / Mitt Romney debate in Houston ...
Mac miller is that nigga !
We want the UK sad bad. One day. One day.
Lol in the 3rd phoenix wright game the main prosecutor loves coffee x)
Ain't love grand? Or at least morbidly obese...
Good morning #venues & #event #promoters! Contact us if you'd like to use social phenom of virality to promote & sell out ur events!
Ooh, yeah. When are you here??
"Mary Star of the Sea" has aged well. Smooth & tasty. And listening to this great disc has cleared the SC debate from my ears!
Its TBT damn.. how many old pictures of yourself do you have..
I was very ambitious about achieving goals until I learned you can just go to bars and lie to people.
My son finds him his own lil spot in the bed and fall asleep
Keeping #VirginiaTech in my thoughts and prayers. Stay safe Hokies!
Welcome to #Chicago! : Bubbly wine flight time
I enjoy cooking a fantastic dinner and drinking homemade beers. This is one of those reasons why I picked up running.
Hey, I'm walking over to Zoe's Kitchen for lunch if you want to join
Good nite Tweet peeps
It always feels really good knowing that I'll be the best looking person in a 7-11
I get the best head every morning
Wow...Yagin's face was a bloody pulp but he held on and got the win. Awesome fight!
So, have nothing to do on a Monday after watching #RAW don't fall asleep go blast some
so you just going to throw me under the bus knowing that was yo drunk a** Lmfao. I felt bad for them so I bought 1 cuz of u
thanks for following! I sent you an email via your website.
i am so sweaty from track..
right like why haha it has never even happened to me till now! ugh well i think i'm followig you now!
For your budgeting software, have you tried HelloWallet? Offers budgeting help & personalized financial guidance.
Right next to the plans for the Flying Car?
Good Morning People Visit us @ www.allsportsshopping.com sale on UGG boots.
What a fuzzball! :)
If you are not getting as much love out of life as you are putting in, something is wrong.
have u been here?
Hope everyone is safe after yesterday's monsoon. If you are having any cooling or AC issues let us know. We're happy to help in any way.
You got a kik bro?
should be a statute of limitations: after 3 months trying, copyright is free!
For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am known.1Cor. 13:12
I miss you, too, Roger.
Nervous #af won't sleep I wish I wasn't like this.
If a firefighters business can go up in smoke, and a plumbers business can go down the drain, can a hooker get layed off?
Bruce Wayne should have funded an after school program for troubled youth, instead of waiting for them to join a gang to deal with them.
sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead
S/O to hes really cool and nice. Cant wait for memorial weekend (; lol
Those who jump to conclusions often land in ignorance
Brian, I miss you. You are very inspirational to me. I bought your book. Much more to talk with you about and catch up...
give Coach Cal the nod and he will build another #1 recruiting class around you.
thought i'd take time to tell you, you're beautiful! and i love you! <3
Trying to decide in what order to bathe, feed and caffeinated is really hard when you're hungry, tired and dirty.
follow me on instagram; ithinkpurplex3 i follow back ;)
Im awaitinh new victims for my Bodybag room 2011=FEAR!!
When you give up on someone, it’s not because you don’t care anymore. It’s because you realize they don’t.
haha I know...its with the puppets
where did you hear it :O
Hope you got home in one piece! What a "RIDE" you've been on! ;) We just spent 2 minutes on-air talking about how cool you r
umm party till we just cant anymore ! #vinny&PaulyDstuff
No you did not give me your number and thought I was going home with you. You are my Ex, not my man.
Sad that Steve Jobs is leaving Apple. Earthquakes, tornadoes....hurricanes....I guess 2012 is closer than we think.
#Galtung's father was arrested by the Nazis and used as a hostage toward English bombs.
jinge bells jingle bells...öhh cant wait for christmas!!
That realness that my music can provide
Black women all over the world buying weave/braid/twist hair are helping to support the Chinese economy
Wow, that first kid is unbelievable!
I know, just thought you ought to know the competition
Got to finish strong.
And email it to ()
Y do I even bother
We still need LIGHTS tickets..
xD Where did this come from, American Dad?
Alright, I haven't been around my computer for the past 7 days...Is there anything new on the internet?
If you talk to a man in a language he understands that goes to his head . (Nelson Mandela} but if you talk to a man in his own language
tired of being used & emotionally abused. my psyche can't handle anymore damage.
You still in the area? I live 15 minutes from KSC and my dad worked there for 30 years. Great tour.
foul wasn't on him... He's only got 4
I think the pressure is getting to Santorum. For him to suggest BHO is a better choice that Romney is completely off-the-chain!
Thanks! I like yours!
Was at Outback Restaurant for lunch with Marilyn Hale and her friend Genieva, Melina Gray (Jessica Vasquez) and me Senaf Dillon-Pickhardt
history shows that as our troops transition, US commitment on civilian partnerships and development have not been as robust. "a big mistake"
Happy new years to all!!!!! Hope its amazing: )
You can tell this Bo Ryan thing isn't very serious. If it was, would've added "-Gate" to the end of it.
Enjoy my hometown. When I go back I stay at The Hudson. Great hotel bar. An episode of Sex&the City was filmed there.
thank you my hero! If you ever need it my cell number 915-867-1069. .
Fail: someone didn't get the now old joke. Posted: "Happy Star Wars Day! May the 5th be with you." That's for Scotch day! :-)
have you turned into a republican?
Company/brand benefit o #SXSW. Experience. Immerse into the product instead of just hearing about it via
home for Mother's Day. Without my mother. Don't know if I can hold off on the Nutella crepes till Monday....
"I've searched all the parks in all the cities and found no statues of committees." ~ Gilbert K. Chesterton
Yes, love the #badcharts link! Geeky Tech Comm humor...
Good luck to all our friends in this year's Rumble! Don't get hurt!!!
just saw Spurs are down 1-0 to Villa tough day for both and Chelsea's loss this week really hurt. Wow that goal locks city.
Greygoose did the trick..now where's the jose cuevo?
Any advice on things to do in Chicago? Headed there Sunday for the summer!
ha ha- you're right!
anything for twitter? haven't heard back from webform
Nothing wrong with that, Tyler can turn it around yet and it could be a hit.
i think that should give his guy fans a shoutout!
We were both at Dollywood yesterday and I didn't see you :/
Another Government website goes WordPress ? Long Live ...
awesome/gross RT Be potent like asparagus. A little goes a long way.
heck yea they r the best the atmosphere is electric
If the sun doesn't come out soon, I am going to lose my mind!
Be back on later going to get some lunch
Just attended SF City College's "Urban Planning & GIS" class as a guest to talk Zonability. Thanks Rick for the invite!
Had a great night! Goodnight. Err, good morning I mean.
If I Die Tomorrow..... I donate my body to science..........fiction
I've seen a few of those in my day. God damn genital elephantitis......
Thank you sir. I guess lol.
Haha. Oops? RT : Not often NWS misses BWI high by 25 degrees, but may happen today. High 49 so far after fcst near 74.”
thanks for the invite! Enjoyed taking my palate on a culinary adventure
I am cute tho'.
Current space-time continuum won't t be affected if you've already transported to a parallel universe with an opulent timeline
with the amount of former Texans we now have, you should just probably becomes Ravens fan <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Any day the house cleaner comes, I walk around for 10 minutes saying, "I didn't expect her to clean ________."
Alright now I have to figure out how to use this
Who is your favorite Major League Baseball player right now?
I will have to try that next time
My mom told me who I hang out with defines me as a person.
Here at my cousin us
Today a good tune extravaganza with @
True! On/off-line distinction refers to different contexts. What causes loneliness should be more about social practices.
Tax Day leave you strapped for cash? Head over to Sonic for 1/2 off drinks and slushies all day long!
i don't know about me , but i know about you . Ah ! I love this song. You'r amazing <3 iloveyou . :)
#ImThatPersonWho you can count on
Whose got brunch pics today? Do share!
I like your hair :)
What TEAM is going to take the Two time Champ Shawn Cothran and Friends down this Wednesday at the Green Hills Streak?
Checked in at YVR. Next stop Milwaukee via Chicago.
my Top Ten books of 2011 are the first ten I saw on the bargain table
Depends on dependents/income made RT": I been cutttn grass part time can I get earn credit for dat"
Double Rumors
I kind of want a cream puff... but I really don't want to go to State Fair. What a conundrum!
GlobalCrucible page has surpassed 5k new GlobalCitizens, welcome to the family!
WHAT U DOING FOR YOUR BDAY
because you constantly send spam...
I'm bucked up more for Amare than the Knicks tho..he came to play
I'm trying
Adult Screamin Green Crayola Crayon Costume
thanks Sabrina!
Just finished lovely podcast interview w Clare Richardson, head of Dian Fossey #Gorilla Fund - - 4 new PC series n June.
Damn Blake hurt
You have done well, my internet stalking apprentice!
How much time do you spend at your computer during work? Some people go no problem working for 5 hours straight if not longer. Take breaks!
Getting back into the swing of things !
How fun wish I lived close enough to do that!
is enjoying a MUCH needed rest!
Wow seriously? I would never have put Howie Mandel and Love in the Wild together. Ever. Really?
wow to the fact that you changed your twitter name :(
Happy Old Stuff Day! My co-worker just said "Hoarders rejoice!" -- not what the day is about, but hilarious nonetheless
follow if u want vip to kod follow we got hot party comeing up
couldn't get a room there all booked but we can get a table on stacks 5 or something hopefully
Can we ask you for some support when we come through College Station! We return favors!! :)
I have decided today is laundry day.
Still mourning my dear Petra, but I'm a cat person and miss the companionship. Too soon to hit the pound?
YOU ARE SO LUCKY. lol, our group hasn't chosen topics.
My sis been talking about buying a mother's day card for our mama like it's a life changing decision..
Small Group night. Oh yes!
Word To My Muva !
ets - ian svenonius may 16th at emo's!! the best frontman ever..the band is called "chain and the gang".
checked my calendar and hallelujah! Am free! How early?
I may, though Kickstarter gets more attention.
I can not stand the lack of his eyes..
how sick?
Want Your Name On My Bio ?
Who the hell has time for twitter?
The fallout continues indictment of the founders of three online poker companies as the FullTiltPoker sponsored Onyx Cup has been cancelled
RT Theres too much music W/ more music comes less direction. You have no idea what anyone stands for
Who loves Vincent Castronovo? I know I do! :D
Got my laptop set up to feed my podcast audio to my stereo system! iTunes never sounded better!
Do you have any questions for our panelists? Gina is talking about "Blogging while Brown" DMIS
with talking business! Woo!
Ok will call
TREE INFO-There are many disorders a tree can have. Poor soil and improper maintentance are the most common problems. Technically,...
Niggas b on twitter talking some sad shit...I enjoy my life 2 much 4 all that
d fuk u dint an yah did u tak 2 justin or R U JUSTIN?
Hell, I don't either.
Yay, I'm so excited you're coming to NYC!
According to Bret Bielema the only player cleared to play that will be held out of the Spring Game is Montee Ball
Oh morning opening shift how I've missed you!
YES! We would absolutely love your help :) I'll call you with details next week. Thanks so much!
what projects are you working on? Love your work!
I think the original podcast may have been better and slightly less vulgar. So far you're 2 for 2. Hopefully we can find more
Booking 2012 Balloon Events now!
Do you like challenging conversations? How do you handle those.
I approve of this & will follow : ": Today's goal: give more love than I gave yesterday. That's tomorrow's goal, too."
That is a great commercial w/ you.
Good day to be on the patio - you can use your android tablets and phones with Hummingbird POS.
a Indian accent
yes but i am still in a treansitional period - trying to come up with something cohesive and uniquely it own
Exactly...it is just crazy
another boring day -.-
Lol I have no filter on tha TwitBlock RT lol just as nasty as you wanna be in broad day light
Smokin on that Fire,, Puffin on that Dro ,,Kush gets me Higher and that bezel gets me Blowed"""""""""""
maybe fleas lol from the <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
Sisters fighting over the bathroom
Let me DM you what my coworker said...
I know I forgot to do at least something from the load of homework I had...
go to sleep! Or you wont wake up for forever
Uh.....No. RT 10Ks are for baby girls with too much sand in their vagina to run a marathon" - Jason Bateman
Please follow me i follow back :)
Happy Easter from all of us
RT : Just listening to jackson5, wow. Today's boybands sbould just hang it up.
yea she will! Those photos were beautiful. Saw the sneak peek.
Have collected so many concepts that I am excited to choreograph. hm..
Ahh, I have learned new things! What a skate is & that I am not at all sure I want to eat one. xS
Worky day(: like it
This halftime show is weak. Gimme Ted Nugent instead! #justsayin'
when we doing a Red's game? Basically, what is your schedule like this summer?
It just FEELS wrong that there are frat boys selling hot dogs to support the research of breast cancer...but I can't voice precisely why
is home with his wife enjoying a quite night celebrating our 17th anniversary.
I Don't Need To Be Following THIS Many People Tho .
yes good thing baby in diapers means carrying around wipes!
LINGERIE FASHION SHOW, BRAZILIAN SAMBA SHOW, AN AREOLIST SHOW ALL @ SUPPER CLUB TONIGHT OH MY!!!
i swear i love u mor and more eachdayyy
I lived in tampa too... An your point? You know, I'm not lying. They have some dumb fucks down there...
Hey Gys Please Follow Me And Follow my channelof youtube kerberos704
Ha! still uses frames in their CMS?!?
Bout to go Rock that Night Life in San Diego. Club Fannies, St. Patties day!!! The Brohydes all in! We come a long way baby.
heading to Herkimer today for our #NGLC SRI evaluator's site visit.
Bailey it would mean so much if you followed me (': <333333
Sad times at
Orgasm is a complex response involving the whole body.
Thanks for the request to follow at thebookbabe1. I'm now Hope you follow me here.
did you know about the free #black slaves that assisted in the #warof1812? tells their story in her new book!
Also two GNs that have potential are SPECIAL EXITS by Joyce Farmer, & GOOD EGGS by Phoebe Potts
either watching you tweet or watching you catch fire and go of
shit's so god damn confusing anymore
Hiking up stream towards the El Vado dam this morning. The air is crisp the view is incredible!
Tonight!! Club 212 !! Come dance off that holiday chocolate and yummies!! 730-1130 club 212. Text REVIVE to 83361
good luck with that
yes really..n its not sumthing i want to say over twitter
Who's the chick in your avi?
Don't pitch to Yadier here.
Im sure it is, but I can't eat seafood.... :(
Goal against us: Not even close to the ref's fault. Three missed assault and battery charges? All him.
are there any TrueBieberFans out there that would like to get #weloveyoujustinbieber in Trending Topics? help us out and go for it ! :D
Awesome! The link to our Indiegogo #StreetVendor campaign page is there!
Please follow me :)))
I'm ready for the 19th, 25th, and 26th of May!
Great practice round today, can't wait for the event to start tomorrow!
Good Morning, have a blessed and beautiful day.
I hate ads!
you can call me Scarface, snorting mountains of cocaine
that is cool, Bill. She find you or vice versa?
Congratulations on the story sale!
well humpf. that did not happen this morning!
Back at you! Enjoy the day :)
If there are problems loading the file it can put you in a loop that can only be disabled by turning off that feature.
yea... Hows work been going for ya???
Mandel points out role of communications industry creating jobs, expanding growth during recession and into recovery
thanks for the tweet about CC Nicole! Would love to connect sometime and hear your thoughts on what I've built so far :)
Try the new Mushroom and Swiss Toaster Melt?? It's insanely good....
haha right :p
Can someone deliver a Christmas tree to me?
Also, great set tonight. New stuff is good. Please play a proper venue next time you're in town so we can get an encore out of TLRX.
doubt it, and if he does ya ass should probably run in the other direction..
2011 Battle of the Programs Champions!!!
Magic happens every day. Had a bit of it with Sara Isaacson in workshop tonight. Rather cool actually.
grimey gates the set the movement love it or hate it
One of my favorites!
Never Say Never! I love Justin and I hope all Beliebers around the world follow make justin has 10 million beliebers :]
Paul Nauert is all over the place tonight (for both #Rays and #As) and it's only the second inning.
RNG better make it or else...
My desired amount of fog is a couple days a year. BTW, did I tell you I'm moving to the south bay?
Man, r. Kelly pandora is the best to play in the bath tub <3 lol >;]
wussup big V
Happy Birthday to ! Hope you have a magical birthday!
Want to have the freedom to buy raw milk? Call your governor today!!! 608-266-1212
you have a head start! Just got to the hotel. Seems that the Reading Market is the place to be...
hahah no but that would definitely do the trick
All my Fans, Can Play it too! Wow! what a great group of Artists. Paul Borges, in Cleveland Ohio.
Going to #dfm11 in Los Angeles tomorrow.
#replacebandnameswithbacon this romantic bacon. Even though im vegetarian. It was funny.
The future looks brighter then past
I am too. I have to be at work by 10.
man u guys have brought It with All the coverage. A definite Follow for All vikes!
Since WI Gov Scott Walker (R) signed his disastrous budget into law, WI has lost 27,600 jobs.
Dissatisfied with even MSNBC's lobotomized Anchors, MEDIA MATTERS builds its first COMMIE-PINKO ANCHOR ROBOT.
In Virginia visiting the uncle!
Prepping for an interview, but I'd much rather be watching the Avengers. Or playing Jetpack Joyride. Or getting a colonoscopy.
Thanks for sharing a follow, Michelle. Welcome!
4 out 4 of my sisters have D1 college degrees, 3 have MBA's under the age of 26!
Love the timerberwolves basketball floor
bleh last work of mercy
Everyone start helping ! He needs 5k followers so we can watch his Survivor application video!!<U+2661>xoxoxo<U+2661>
There is nothing simple abt behavior MT Is obesity preventable by affluent societies or is it simply behaviour
“: Respect is earned. Respect is never given. If you want respect, respect those people around you.”
Are you referring to the pen that records lectures?
My mom WOULD hide my McDonalds gift card that was sent out<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> I've been waiting for a fucking week for that shit !!!
I'm so young you can still see the afterbirth on my face.
KNOW YOUR WORTH...IF A FRIEND IS ONLY FRIEND MATERIAL...KEEP IT DAT WAY...NVR MIX BOY WITH FRIEND IF HE'S N READY T BE YA BOYRIEND..JS
PLeaze Porfavor! Checkout my and my bros music vid on youtube!!supra-My Dreams are our dreams.We're twin rappers. .take a look..thanx guys!
CINDY. what was the math homework ? XP
lol no! At that fucker that's hating!
Back home safe and sound. See you all soon.
*having (not keeping) - can you tell I'm ready to go home?
Big Star
Dasher, Dancer, Prancer, Vixen, Comet, Cupid, Donner and Blitzen
Blasting Michael Jackson all day makes work a little less shitty
“: We live in a world where it's legal to get an abortion but illegal to throw flour at Kim Kardashian.”
great idea! I would love to have kids write and perform these poems with the photos. Maybe with drive...
Alas, no. I used Photoshop. If I didn't…let's see, what would I have used? Thinking…
I get why your mad. but if your judging me for what I do, make sure you look at what youve done too.
CONGRATULATIONS!! We hope you enjoy Commencement!!
I know it's on yo brain, you prolly hope it never would end!
why are you jealous of a duck? Hell Marty Mcfly almost got to second base with his mom.
my boyfriend is a dweeb
I'm following you.
na :/ I don't has one but the vinyls I have are warped :/
Open mics are like a voluntary Sisyphean nightmare. At least Hell doesn't make you pay for your torture.
welcome! is the red carpet premier in maryland with the boyz like right b4 the meet and greet?
•International Expo and Conference on Analytrix & HPLC - Conference in Chicago, USA 22-24 October2012, being organized by OMICS Group.
How was everyone's weekend? That update we promised you is coming this week! Stay tuned!
Just passed the promo van.... Oh memories!
I would like to nominate my friend for a Rose Bowl Parade floragraph. Who sponsors NC organ donors?
My dad just said that if marijuana was legal he would be stoned all the time...
I have. It's not exactly the same. If you end up showing me around, I'll tell you more about it.
Watching My Super Sweet 16.. Had G Unit perform and got a 2011 Mercedes... Parents dropped $279,000 on her...
Very welcome!
Grrrr my mother is getting on my last nerve!
In band class it's so boring! good thing I forgot my trumpet at hom
is great. If you need anything ask. I've been a few times recently
aw<33333333333 its so cute
thank you love! Spirituality is also my
i miss those old days
Touchdown Houston
Probably a duplicate by now lol... Ok imma eat
So far in 2011, FDA has approved more than 150 new brand name and generic drug products.
Meek how's it going Bro
Hiya :) If you have a second would you take a look at #1DtoOmaha we love you guys and were trying very hard to get noticed
"Ump. We're just going to send Bay to bat now. Hey, if he gets beaned, he just stays on the D.L."
sign up at www.TheSlidersMusic.com to get our single, "City By The Sound," for free!!
ugh i really should do the spanish lab!!
Today's work day includes a trip to the zoo. Does my job rock or what?
I don't know how they can stomach it, but some people freeze dairy...including milk.
#TheAvengers was so awesome. Maybe even the best superhero movie I've seen... No it is the best!!!
Well, I am glad it isn't another planned "reform" to welfare because I don't think it could be cut much further.
Happy Pub day that I hope was filled with cupcakes. Plan to read The Book of Blood & Shadow soon End of school crunch :(
Following Stephanie and Flem on twitter helps, but yeah love that show.
and Krams touch down in Thailand tomorrow am.Bout to be some stories & pics from that trip. Hope they link up with
What a Girl Wants (:
I guess that I am afraid to lose what I know about me and you
Come hell or high water I WILL see Titanic this weekend!
MALA MAÑA + NOSOTROS + BARACUTANGA Tonight at SANTA FE SOL (formerly sf brewing co.) 7:30pm YOU CAN'T MISS THIS SHOW!
Email me with details on what it is and why you should bust the limit.
I pray that all the Mother's will have a wonderful Mother's Day. I pray that children will honor those who sacrifice for & love them! Ms D
Black, Pearl Jam.
guess what guess what my birthdayy is 4 days before your!!!<3 !!!!
75% of today's to-do list is getting pushed to tomorrow's. Yeah, it was one of those days. Frak.
If that's the case then AP and NFL's accounts are wrong! Haha We'll need to go to the tape.
Hey Library Twitterverse: looking for examples of subject librarians who have twitter accts for their subjects (not general or library)
Forecast for This Afternoon: Occasional showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Highs around 70. Southeast...
Why are the little styrofoam pieces called peanuts?
Dog just picked a huge spider off a wall and ate it. I'm very very very very disgusted and grateful
Glad to see now provides iPad access w/ print subscription
Yes, all 3 of ours did. A good way to get them to breathe when crying hard is to blow in their face--odd but it works.
Good morning Toni! Thx4 the RT about motivation! Have you also read 's book #Drive? Great book!
Oh yes! Another Foursquare check in at a different SJCPLS library!
Ass like Nicki but she yellow like Madonna
Call (480) 269-4423 & you can give Mr. 420 a shoutout. It's for the Canabis Club Collection mixtape intro. Let your voice be heard.
Damn time change.
Follow back me! is a Sexy account related to Sex Dating!:*
Empty Bottle in one week! 12/28, 8pm, 3 songs to honor Alex Chilton. Come on out!
Why is it impossible to get a good bang cut in this town? They are so blunt and ugly.
Don't forget to visit us tomorrow at the Farmers Market on Bayard and Garnet, from 1:30-6:30pm!!
sry Kip didn't see this until now. No it works bro. Today alot of people rode the WhiteSox. if u do it use Vegas O/U lines
I WANT THIS TO HAPPEN!
Newt Gingrich is pro-choice. Oh, wait, he's talking about choice of schools.
we start kneeling in silent prayer. FWIW.
what's a cange tit?
and how does it do that??? Lmao
For someone who is still learning to use a mouse, they can be near impossible.
Destined for greatness
the google logo today is too damn cute!!!!
such a truism. such a truism because they have been nothing but disrespectful toward him.
Already one year has been after grand opening..
So Heat win huh, who you got winning the series? Bulls or or Heat?
I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer
I'm a loser now I used a spoon... Blahh :) Lmfao:)
so what are you both dressing up as.
I want one (or two, or three, or...)
Just watched a Middleton HS student release a 14 in. snapping turtle from a trap. Story and pic to come.
you loved Transamerica I say we watch Were the World Mine next
so cute~!
Good to see your finally here! Your stalkers are gonna jump on the innerwebs instead of using the Pony Express! :-P
U must love wrestling haha.
We sure do love us some Kris Bell the show was a Home Run!
Heineman gives lukewarm response to foster care recommendations - KVNO News
I think technology has had similar implications on learning as well...
prolly will be there ya
Query letters can be an art. I made a mess of a TV series query letter once, thankfully no one bothered to open envelopes.
Hmj super bored
Look out, world. is extremely caffeinated AND armed with cupcakes. Approach with caution.
Everyone is saying how good church was but no one is telling me what the message is about...help a sista out!!
Gino says he's going to hook me up. I hope he pulls through <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
You might feel the opposite, but God told me you was beyond special and I believe Him, so I believe in YOU! Show me your greatness!
#IAlwaysWonderIf it ever going to end
I love lights
What is the next holiday you are looking forward to?
Agreed. It's written nowhere. And it's not like they're never playing ever again.
Working two kitchen jobs and calling into the daytime job, but showing up to the night time job
Screw U McNulty RT McNulty "We don't need to be here today." Says #civilunions=gay marriage & hickforco is working w Obama
me too, it's just crazy to me that people can live like that!!
I knw i aint get one neather...... N i do got a play lil sis n tko name brit brat on facebook.!! N twitter watch mi twittes
“Tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus. Our bodies are our gardens to the which our wills are gardeners.” ~William Shakespeare
Thank you so much! I am truly honored. Really hoping to meet you at the Lori Foster Event.
I second this! : Come to Century City! Avenue of the Stars/Santa Monica Blvd pls. We want #OMGFreeBenJerrys!
#WhyDoIAlways let you walk over me?
“: Hey Monica & Yes! invited me :) I see you being Great!” Thank U, you are always fab!
Just saw a girl wearing #Caps pajamas. That is team spirit!
The Rangers don't even remember what it's like to score a goal
Is it too high school-ish to require that students memorize a section of poetry for my intro-level courses? Do others out there do this?
MUST<U+2665>Follow and thank you to my friend
"The better person you become, the better person you'll attract." -W.S.
The flood waters have reached biblical proportions.
I wanna go to the sun rooftop pool party. I heard there's sharks in the water
i just did, it hurt, i can barely move it, i have to wait for the blood to circulate..
you're only 15? shit. You're ripped for 15. like, yoked G
Good morning my Tweet peeps and Fb folks!! Remember, you look so much better when you smile.....
i guess i'm just not the last thing you think of at night, that last thought that finally allows you to sleep with a smile on your face.
You are pervish ho! You are the one who brought up the word AND definition of chode (<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086>) #ILoveYou<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Have a teen who's obsessed w/ fashion? Give em the ultimate experiece w/ #FashionistaPrep! Enroll for summer sessions today!
Interested in law school? Meet UM Carey Law's Direc. of Student Recruiting today from noon-4pm at Virginia Tech in Commonwealth
Check out Sheltered By Skies on Facebook! =D like us and spread the word =D!!!!
I can only wonder...and be sad...
Going to see 21 Jump Street.
The very most, I was just like you sly dog! <U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
this is the reason why Im freakin going to move so fuckin far none of there cheap ass can call or visit
LOL! You know, you can disable the function that displays when you are "favorited." What can I say, you have a way with words.
Do you have photos of the children's area in the new Warrensville Branch? I heard it was amazing & I'm trying to get some ideas
I have opinions! Have you heard the new St. Vincent album?
I have never hears of adding chocolate! Neat!
The mall is like cable...hundreds of options and nothing I like.
The coffee shop is the new office. I am disinterested in having another office.
Can't quit with the Radiohead. Getting bored with myself.
I already know what it is
did I ever mention why I was excited?
yeaahh , we used to go to school together . but , now she's somewhere else & yeah !
Acme Hotdogs has yummy Honey Raisin Walnut and Savory Snack Mix from Appalachian Granny! Pick some up today! Cleveland Av., south of 161
Sunday funday with my best friends! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
:(( Anywho, what you been up to?
Sunday morning Seattle buses,
I have 8 minutes to get my sarcasm out, and I'm taking full advantage..
There is no such thing as a bibliographic emergency ...
cep for with me, you always have given me solid advice
It's Monday! Excited about getting the week started.
Where'd you get the info on how many tix sold? That's awesome!
I am just really not feelin this shit today.....
HUGE day today... it feels like we're everywhere at once... but then again... there are 3 of us ;) you da man! Can't wait to see u
Thanks for the follow!
Pot roast for dinner, can't wait to share it with family; , hurry up! It smells great in here!
Brandon from d-e-e-p.
Waking up not hung-over on Sunday morning feels wrong!
so, this sunday, MAM #milwaukee #20demayoconamlo at 12. if you want to join us :)
Enjoyed your windows displays on the site. Very cool & creative!
I don't think is in the set of faculty KIPP can freely lob "shoddy research" bombs at.
and i live like 45 minutes away but stupid school and exam s :(
morning Joff, had a question for you - what's the preferred way to connect?
It's funny how I think back on the guys I used to fantasize about when I was in high school & college & now think "today's" guys are hotter
Morning (screaming voice) Whether you believe it or not, none of us can achieve anything alone! Make sure your entire family is strong!
Cami! My bad...How's Friday? Looking forward!
What's this about live brain surgery on twitter from Houston this morning?
Merry Christmas to everyone ! I am so blessed to have a support system of friens and family. thank you
NFL plays posted from 196 Cappers and we have 10 c0nsensus from these picks all viewed free with their records with GB -2 Td's @ 18-7
um yes please! (:
I'm black and have found generations of my ppl in the u.s. and canada on Ancestry. You aren't using it properly, I'm afraid.
are you on y100 yet.
as pop music's
#NSN3DSATURDAY I cried when ur papa started to cry, when he had to let u and mom go
Love that my top 4 fave bands EVER(Nirvana, Foos, QOTSA & Tool) all recorded at Sound City Studios. Can't wait to see !
and I are getting married. <3 =)
Headed to the Opry
#3WordsForYou Read ya Bible
What's the core of a museum, objects or people? Objects are made by & embody people, so I say people.
you mean IS disco lemonade? I could see that. Tart and refreshing yet undeniably funky
Um... thunder. Or a very large truck backfiring in the parking lot around the corner!
At my first panel of the day-- How Not to Die: Using Tech in a Dictatorship
Heard this yet?, ABC has giving Casey Anthony another $200,000 Child Murderer is on easy street, We going to stand for that?
That shit right there. I'm not small so I kinda feel bad for laughing so hard but that was to funny
This is gona suck so much
#OraclePrincess #dreamwhisperer - I'm always the one with no nickname!
Participating in #LPC Council of President's call this evening. is currently doing a Q&A.
Can't wait to see win that Shorty Award! I know he will win it. I just know he will!
#mlanet12 They are up on the online planner under Sessions - Posters. Individual posters don't show in Daily Program
Heading to Santa Monica stairs. See you there.;)
you know it!
...And so to bed, jet-lag style.
Went to DM you but you aren't following me! WAHH.
he did turn Rich Gannon from shit to star.
The absolute worst. RT : At 4th street.... Fuck me.
And I wore my good shoes in this bullshit weather...dammit
He's all black, so it's definitely hard. lol
I know you're scared its wrong, like you might make a mistake.
shout out to !
I just crushed that finance final.
The whole city
Great night on the patio in Lyford!
Okay. :P
I missed the booty one. However, you're one hell of a #Steiner and should top both lists.
"ay look at your face que nasty"
she shoots
Need some new INK in my life.....
Where are all my fellow New York Giant fans. Lets go
naw, leaving from DCA on Delta
Ms. Starr: Kethia, In One Word, What Do You Think Your Purpose Is In This World? Me: To Inspire <3
Yes!!!! Thanks!! RT There is a cupcake on your desk
Gearing up for #LT12UK, cannot wait to get there London!!!
Cant believe beat me up!!
Beautiful women on this BX 5 train. All shapes, sizes and colors.
the next few weeks shall be interesting.
Welcome new FUEL members from Johnson Controls ! Good to have you on board!
What's up challs? her. In the next few weeks we'll be finalizing somethings to hopefully get this show on the road. Stay tuned!
Contemplating Bobby Newport.
You're welcome!
Check out Brian Kortovich, he was with at Knicks workouts the past two years. I think he deserves a shot!!!
Hello to all of you tweeters all over Earth? How are you all doing at this time? Today, I posted a new pendulum paper in my Yahoo group.
thanks girl<3 i might sit with you guys tomorrow :)
The new Display network tab tries to simplify things but really makes optimization much more complicated.
welcome I no I haven't been there for u I no u hate me for it but I am truly proud of u
We makin music, foo! :-D
8 Ks in a row for Harang! Wow Turning out to be an interesting start to the season for the
#github makes sharing code much easier. If you're not using it, check it out.
Finley however could be A. Rodgers #1 target...Packers offense is just oozing with #FantasyFootball studs
at the skating rink with caity!
You Can't Love Someone You Don't Understand.....
MikeyWild Dubplates and Shoutouts available at anytime! Blessings to all!
oh yeah
Nice to meet you! Interesting posts!!
I need a massage
they followed me allthe way home
for some reason, just saw yr tweet about reviewing highway robbery! yes, would love to.
I want the diamond turfs
imagine the # if DC could work together.“: The unemployment rate has fallen to 8.6%(from 9%) 120,000 new #jobs were added in Nov.”
South St. Paul has 24 tournament wins, is making its eighth title game appearance and has four state championships in its history.
I'm a GD Stallion, I should be owned by a Middle Eastern Sheik
Nice! That's very cool of you. I'll bet that he loves it!
Pinky rings are cool
Hey Seniors! Impress your parents & make your dining reservations for graduation weekend! So many great options at !
Have you heard about "Great Libraries of the World" - the new tv series for PBS? It will be previewed at #ALA11 - facebook.com/glow.tv
I'm trying to think in terms of specific sub-package roles. Barron fills a big one. Gillberry's is another. Who else?
Weather is not helping.....so sleepy!
Cooking with the in laws! :)
Spring cleaning! <U+E303>
The sun is out, the beer is cold and the patio is hopping. Get on down to the Cow and see some old hot faces! Giddy Up!
Lycopene in tomatoes is a highly effective antioxidant, benefits include lower heart disease. Eat your tomatoes today at Smashing Tomato!
I want to play this name game
Who was the first girl you ever kissed? Mine was Tammy D. Her parents were out and we were watching porn.
My Jordan's Are Cleaning Than Your Pussy
K cool.
My new puppy, captain sailor(:
Thank you for the fries... YES!
I had no doubt.
MAHOMIES im lookign for a co-owner tweet me if you want to be one :)
Thanks to you!
can you guys send me a newletter of what is going on in sports
Met the most stylish Texan last night
I am not your shoulder to cry on.
Top of the day Fam
because she retarted!
Yo Mary Kate and Ashley was not the only twins on Full house. Whatever happen too the twin boys Nikki and Alex.
On my way to KTown to visit my Quinn family, spend some QT w/ miss Evie Anne and FINALLY meet the boys!
"Detroit, I'll let you go, since I know you probably have to go make a payment on your clothes."
hey player....what it be like???
.: You're welcome. We look forward to potentially seeing you !
21 show, Dark Horse Bar and Grill, Oshkosh Wisconsin FREE entry!!!!!!!!!! We're playing with 3tc again, 5man, and then some.. Show...
Any #bootstrap genuius know how to reduce the space between columns? or doesn't seem to work.
OMG. Diplo ft. 50Tyson would be the rawest collabo ever. "I'm the best man... I did it!" -50 Tyson
“: Mindset for today: Don't ask 'who is going to let me?' Instead ask 'who is going to stop me?' Powerful distinction.”
Aye only tha strong survive.. and if I have to take out any competition, by damn I will.
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success. - Henry Ward Beecher
You're welcome! “: Thanks for inspiring talk! Your advice will follow me in my pursuit of a career in brand mgmt :)”
Cool weather all week, break out the scarfs!
Social is about defining your culture and living up to it
NB: this anniversary was yesterday (April 22) ;)
Finally, sunny day here in sf...loving it. How are things in atx, ?
May 21, 9am - 2pm is 's 20th Annual Job & Resource Fair at the Prime Osborn Convention Center
or they just bit Rdio. puff piece.
SHHHH. They are fixing that!
It's funny to watch how everything in business is political - its all about "who ya know"... And it's amplified now w/ soc media
Looking forward to the weekend!
When the #workingclass is under attack, what do we do? STAND UP FIGHT BACK! 720-440-CSOL call to report corporate greed!
yes! im finally home and now I can relax during break.
it's true
u mean perfect weather to cuddle
Tonight! We welcome Boulder Beer Co.! Join us with a glass of the one-off, accidental double black IPA, Bad Moon Risin'. NOT TO BE MISSED!
Good luck!
it's one thing with it being people dressing in nothing being attention whores and people being drunk. Drunk is good :)
- Take a cue from the cover babe - put on the headphones & turn it up. :)
Indonesia hopes, you will be a concert in Indonesia again.
Thanks for the follow. Great TL. You just don't see Karl Popper quoted enough!
I #justread TO SAY NOTHING OF THE DOG by Connie Willis: Wonderful! Now to prepare for discussion with book group in 3 days.
I would advise the Cubs to pitch around Carlos Lee RT : Any predictions for the Cubs/White Sox series this weekend? ~
This #FollowFriday I am following friends of followers who #DoGood :) Keep it up!
Up early tomorrow? Tune in to (comcast ch 3), 6-8am, for our #FoodCartFriday segment: we'll have on our morning show!
Thank you! [:
Where'd you go?!
RT Lil Boosie fans let the rain wash their car
and u will make sense some day
Ah, another VIDA newsletter in its draft stages... I just typed the phrase "our collective panties"
Our local 'gourmet hot dog place' has a wasabi ketchup, which is great (basically, cocktail sauce) and a curry ketchup, which is divine
I gotta find some body I aint gotta compete for.......
thanks for the follow Annie
Power went out at work!!! I've been waiting for this day.
Monday's over <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I need more than this shitty first aid kit to do the job.
Candle lovers check this out! Wickless, Flameless, Smokeless Candles!
Actually it will happen 12 hours later. You won't have to wait 1000 years.
Glad you approve......
the way they were playing, they would need both of them
One good thing to come out of the Penn State scandal is AWARENESS with our vision to end the epidemic of...
I have a hole in my pants.
I can't get enough of this!
Your piece has been on my mind all weekend. A great way 2 jumpstart a convo between scholars and pubs on what "value add" means
black all the way baby!
Marveling at Dharma Mittra. At age 70 he moves like a cat with a strong, supple body.
I will be in Orlando on September 23rd & 24th for presidency 5 pitching my $0.00 cost to taxpayers job plan. Come see me so i can share
Getting my schedule for school tomorrow!!! So excited (:
we love Lake
America what does it mean to you? We know what it means to the US secret service...
Iron-fisted leadership produces rebellion! Servant leadership produces loyalty.
thanks si :) can't wait to see you and Khloe!
Release of exploit code puts Oracle Database users at risk of attack - Ars Technica
lmao ur dumb..idk if Justin bieber is going..
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. ~Robert Louis Stevenson
oh eye got to! Gotta turn my face into a more world wide global figure than eye am now for bodytogs
hahahah it's alright:] <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
i cant fucking believe Harry got an Audi R8, marry me and let me drive your car >:o ( its my dream car btw)
gettin gigs then was hard as hell. Galaxy, Boogies On The Landing, Club Babaloo in Belleville, The Sheldon, just a few venues...
DOWNLOAD Repair Manual Fix Your Problems Now Service Manual - part waverunner
not much haha!!! Hope your Monday is going well! :)
I'll tweet again as soon as possible. <U+2665> Love you guys!
That's it... I'm doin' it. "Member of The Fingerbang Tabernacle" Does that sound right?
um little? hoe old are you?
Slapping on some bike peds and fighting in an oil spill... Who am I???
IIRC Howard Zinn said they went beyond that - even so far as digging up & eating the corpses when the winter got real bad.
I am now a different person... don't eat the same, exercise, still drink plenty water, and God is first and I listen! Continued next tweet
Not to single one major out... but no! RT : ha ha. you don't want an anthro major operating on you?
Enjoying another night in.. Will I be doing homework?! Probably not. At least I got my errands done
strawberries with nutella :)
how is twitter treating u?
thank you!
": #TwoThingsThatDontMix ..a sexy face with a disgusting personality.."
It's a D&D setting - like Eberron, but different. I don't know it very well. Dragonlance - also a D&D setting.
Hey I'll be at Mac later tonight... You gonna be around?
I liked it :) ..an no boy scouts honor :)
DON'T FORGET NEXT THUR! YOUR COMING WITH TO EMBER, ANAHEIM! lol I KNOW I JUST MADE YOUR PLANS LOL
Done. Thank you! Looking forward to calling you tomorrow.
“You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.” Marcus Aurelius
Bryce Harper is a stud
Come on skinny love! Last night in Princeton... It was a great run. But onward and upward. We'll be in touch.
Desperately seeking scholarly articles about OccupyWallSt as an anti-globalization movement and its features as a movement
What's a roleplay account
Tonight gonna be long.... :/ work
Wow! Thanks for letting me know. :) Fabulous tumblr!
Hope all our friends at PPAI Vegas are having a great time! Stop by booth #6125 and say hi to Mike, Shari, Frank, Barry, Rob & Mick!
All packed up had a ball being back home in Mississippi headed back to Atlanta early in the morning.
#GhettoCrayolaColors #Magenta just sound like a bad hood bitch lol
That was close. I almost gave a shit.
It took Lily long enough to have the damn baby, I guess it's fitting that she's been in labor for 2 weeks now.
He said it! "I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable." - Tupac Shakur
No they didn't just play ratchet video on 106 and park lol smh
Agent's seat? Has Boras ever sat there? That would make two dogs that have been in that chair.
I pretty much counted Denver out of this game, so did LA. Might have been a mistake.
They are now doing a kick line to a techno remix of My Little Pony on the gigantic speakers. This might be a subtle form of revenge.
Why on earth would you wanna do something like that?
thanks for the follow
Rain rain go away!!
nice little surprise for ya waiting in the office (cc )
#3wordsforyou hobos hobos hobos
#Cavs beat the #Heat - #leBron who????
Huge Congrats! Looking forward to visiting soon.
Perhaps you need an official tester?
I feel like every other tweet is about game of thrones. Should I watch?
Hate that the gym closes at 5 on Saturday. That does not promote fitness.
same thing with #Cubs and
thanks for joining our #AIDSWalk12 team! Excited to support this Sunday
Know anyone in New York City who wants to choreograph for DWNYC Season Two?? Auditions are march 25th! Email
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend. Emo Phillips
I'm never gonna shut you out.
i keep getting off my twitter game
It was stop ID 4641.
Class break over. Buying snacks when it's over.
Words flying everywhere.
I chuckled - so wth about the watermarks again?
I can't get my twitter picture to change..
got a serious papercut from pocket guide.. it's a sign! I must attend this year.. but what should I see?
Just started watching BBW and I am in love with She is sickning.
* That TRUE Moment when U obtain Power & U R enjoying it* ... ( a Lil time Passes) Now U R presented with .. Ok --> Who Lives & Who Dies!!!
Starbucks is open normal hours on Easter.
SO much fun! I need to get there for more games!
have fun
what's #NF back
anyone a bruno mars fan? Retweet this :P
Haha! That would have to be declared a holiday!!
that's awesome!! :) an yes my whole album is available on iTunes :)
"Just pick up a fucking book"
#WhenAustin was so excited to get Booster Juice in Canada and he tweeted a picture of the grass stuff they put in his smoothie. :)
it ended up in a random folder, we apologize for that!
hay Autumn! omg yess. that would be awesomee.
It's Friday!
an inviting bowl of plump & juicy sweet berries with a splash of shiraz
Resting Rodgers, not sure how I feel about this...
I want people to to say that the bride looked stunning in mossy satin, yellow reflective tape, and timberland boots.
God damn, what you on? Private Plane. Fuck you on?
I love getting 3 new music books in the mail... Laura is going to be so happy with me when I get back! Time to learn
I love when you text me first, cause then I know you're thinking about me.
My 7 year old insisted it is already #2012 b/c winter is the 1st season & any new calander year should coincide with that
You know me so well! RT just sent you something you're going to like ... (hint it involves...#Yankees...& )
yeah. I'm surprised she not dead already,
I Think I Wanna Go C Her!!
A MAN HAS NO FEELINGS ONLY ONE HE FEELS THE PAIN
I looked him up on google. Seems he has gotten into the arcade game business and has been torturing people in that business lol
Cleaned Up My Room.!
Hi ! I look forward to meeting you next week at #TIIP4P!
I love annoying you, Mrs Christina Schmidt.
more than you want to know.
so we're trying to come up with songs to cover...any ideas???? -Patience
It'll get better
Hubby and I get a date night tonight! So looking forward to it.
Dont wake me. I plan on sleeping.
cake city!!
I'm serious.
Ugh just take some innitiative already!
Flyaway to Orion Music Festival! next chance to qualify at 2:25 and again at 5:20
Adverbial Phrases
Careful with those "Titanic" related online searches, kids. The malicious results keep coming!
thanks for the show out!
Finally my boots came in the night..With seperate travel soft pouches? Now i can commute on #Marta in the rain as giddy as a little frog
Vendors restrict borrowing period on #ebooks - ex: 3, 7 or 28 days. Not long enough for
Me and Lola at the gym sweating!!
RT : #ThatAwkMoment when youre trying to tell story but youre laughing so hard you cant, when you finally finish nobody laughs
nice! Now you need a road trip to Ohio to try them out ;)
That's true. I suppose a lot of those transfers will be done after the tourney/
PR in the track mile!
"Information not shared, never informs"
Had lunch and a wild and fun tour with bring on the "new" Lake Geneva. I highly recommend both.
It seriously feels so late...it's only 9:15
i just want to be happy thats all nothing more then that
If I Dated it would be a dream come TRUE<3 I would be there for him anytime(: he is my true love(:
Walden brewery at the heart of a revolution - Saffron Walden Reporter
driving to Cleveland to babysit:-)
Let's go Lakers!
3 hrs 30 min left on this overnight shift!
Um, let us think about it for a bit... hells yes! What time are you guys going?
that's a great question!! I'll bring it up.
I found em - you lose em?? Women's perscription sunglasses - Sunday's Breath of Hope Walk. Message me if they're yours.
my reaction is "stop using Flash to produce these features since I can't view them on my iPad."
let's create better #middleschoolmemories, teach kids to give and expect respect for each other and their dates.
Another Bead Fest over. It is the highlight of my year! Make your plans now for joining us in 2012! The new venue in Oaks, PA was great!
When will She get the point ...
You look so unhappy. Butts are funny. They're a cornerstone of your work.
Think im gonna make a call to my nigga kevin loll
Hi, I am interested in contributing on a regular basis. for details.
Chasing Kings will be on KXLU 88.9 today! Tune in to hear them live!!!
I will pray for ur husbands saftey
trivia contest; pictionary w/ sketch; treasure hunt using reviews & maps; charity picnic + grcy bg giveaway for ItGetsBetter.org
RT : We're the proud recipient of the Governor's Points of Light award for corporate volunteer programs, thx 2 our employees!
Happy Birthday to former Wisconsin Governor Tony Earl. Born today in 1936 in Lansing, Michigan. He served as governor from 1983 to 1987.
this headache needs to go fuck itself.
RT if you hate being on the phone with someone that can't hold a conversation.
I Fear Nobody But GOD ALMIGHTY.!
Some people are old at 18 & Some are young at 90.....Time is a concept that humans created.
My #fridayreads The Christmas Village by Great story for the holiday season!
will get rich in south beach...
call me woman
hungry , *gets up and walks to the kitchen*
its cool so far
Tonight with anthony adams at 3 brothers pizza murfreesboro
I have about 957271618 things to do, but all I want is to eat a veggie dog, drink a beer and watch a movie.
hi is this you?
Me and my friend are going for a FULL shopping day there when it opens and buying like 40 of everything xD <3
Can't Wait To Be Famous >>>> Just Hope The People I Love Will Still Be Here To Witness It
lol I think it might have to do with the whole golf course story..haha
People come into your life for a reason, a season, or a lifetime.
“Hello. My name is Jonathan Franzen. I’d like to order 50 pizzas. It’s for a prank." ZING.
Not bad going to bed at 11pm and all ready to give a lecture tomorrow about my work and #DomesticDisobedience at 10am at
Yes, getting past "right" is a big hurdle.
HEY auntie Lisa!!! RT my auntie asked about yall
gonna grab some quik eats with my lil family and then go help with the youth rez baseball team :)
VCSs have stored changes as diffs since RCS. Git stores whole files and is fast. Was storing diffs a premature optimization?
lovely picture luv :)
i'm ALL AMERICAN thanks to
I had this sticker that said "7" in my hair the whole time i was in the mall :P
yes! “: Love that twitter folks are giggling at my music choices for #nprlife”
Change = Constant
When I think of all the dumb classes I had to take in library school, I wish SOMEONE made us take accounting.
rainy day - listening to
WTF is with the Giants and "All In"? All In what?
Another 6 hours exam on a Saturday morning !
Remembering the sacrifices on Utah, Omaha, Gold, Juno, and Sword and of all those who took part in the D-Day invasion (6/6/1944)
exactly. One can never have too many books :-)
You should be glad. Eeesh!
Blackest heart. Genocidal murderer of minorities. America has fallen.
the shining by stephen king
teen nick is the shiiiiiiittttttt.... hey arnold, rockos modern life, all that, kenan and kel, then <U+E13C>
Oh, you didn't win the lottery? That sucks because the odds were totally in your favor.
Why isnt following me? I'm his bed.
Totally. RT : "From caring comes courage." -Lao Tzu /via
Wow -- fantastic! Very much looking forward to seeing you !
Poised Creation has met many great folks in Houston! We would like to thank you for your support!
Dragging my departure because of snow and an accident on my route. Makes for a lazy morning & messing about on fetlife.
did he really say that? "half in England think she's guilty and here in the US, it's just the opposite"
.. Me and Haylee say that all the time. You'd have to actually hang out with us to understand why. But, you don't.
Leave it to to totally screw up the debate so quickly
Our thoughts & prayers are with the family & friends of Officer Brent Long of the Terre Haute P.D., killed in the line of duty today.
Sayy it! Say it! say it!
Ok, back under my snow covered rock to work on some radio press releases and new website banners. DIY baby....
Ok. I registered, but ended up having meetings scheduled today. I will check the site for the recap.
so I left them over the winter. Started growing like crazy as soon as it warmed up.
I'M A NINJA
This has turned into a beautiful day, in spite of the rain this morning. I'm so glad I have meat to grill!
Man this some bullshit!!
Cubs fans don't like it at all when you cheer for Alphonso Soriano at #wrigleyfield q
Vietnam Targets 20 Percent Reduction In Greenhouse Emissions
Thanks guys. We really appreciate it. Dennis and are rockstars!
Just saw Phil Connors w/confused look wandering aimlessly around Gobbler's Knob trying 2 avoid that annoying Ned Rireson guy.
he cant be any worse than bruce glasier, but yes he's terrible at names.
In work by 11 and out by 2:30...
just got done shopping at city sports ! amazing store , i am prepared for the broad street run ! yaaaayyy <U+E057>
Marquette fans: Congrats on winning your Super Bowl. Badger fans: Condolences on losing your second biggest non-conf game this week.
All Glory Comes From Daring To Begin.
Darn it.. I think I watched the best of my new movies so far the rest is turning out to be crap
I remember we were worried he was going to be born the night you did the DUK at my home.
Zip it or I'll break your hip
Not yet. But I did just get up from my 3 hour jet-lag nap.
Add WA and OR!
been a long week man!
So happy for the Bob cats!! <U+263A><U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Agree, he seems soft.
Q#42 Answer is...D!
your body is amazing by the way. :)
By Kentucky?
": Nice win for us in a tough environment last night."You was clutch at the end! Glad your last game there was victorious!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 47
hey girl
Eastern Benefits Group SURVEY: 33 percent of employers believe Nat'l healthcare law is unconstitutional
That would be super cute!!! I love mint green!
Uh-Oh. Neil Everett just called SDSU #MWC's signature team. What does and think about that?
Masquerade Ball Event Oct 15TH, more info will be up soon. Stay tuned.
Lil Kim Think Cuz she Fucked Biggie She Tight...
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
#BeBold I might have to take this on too! Cheers to u n urs!
you betta WERK that first class ;)
in MYRTLE BEACH tonight
if u lived in Houston I'd do anything 2 make u mines. Lol. Caking ass
bitch i hit you wit the #zap and then you take a nap treat em like dogs so they only get the scraps and i run my city like outdoor track
wait for the iPhone. An iPhone is an iPod touch with cellular capabilities.
Haven't watched "Only Angels Have Wings" in years. Thx for reminding me!
That's a fantastic point. What do you suggest? Would love to chat with you about this!
Thank you for sharing info about our upcoming exhibition! We look forward to your visit.
So glad you enjoyed them both. Happy Friday! Thanks for visiting us :)
played #turntoyou 2 my mom and SHE LOVED IT!!!! And I do 2 :) its amazing
Looking forward to #DCSMHH tonight! See you all there!
thanks for mentioning my posts!
11:11 is accually one of the best songs ever! Its amazing , been listening to it all day ! Can't get it out of my head <3!
As in, Jason's name. (Man, I'm not communicating well at all today.)
what do you know!? If that's what your listenin to then that's dope
Be on guard. Stand firm in the faith. Be courageous. Be strong. 1 Corinthians 16:13
Thanks for the RT!
Yeah, it cost $38 to gas up my little Honda Fit. Insane.
I think that never gonna follow me :( #losthope 3
“: Congrats to the for winning the NBA D-League championship. Couldn't happen to a better group of people.” Thank you
tomorrow is the last day to claim your free $75 discount coupon for a demarco surfboard!
Update: Jason Segel is precious!!!
Paying a toll while being stuck in bumper to bumper traffic. Ouch! We have to pay for this??
Mind-numbing. That is all.
Hey TT, Almost that time.
Does that mean your suspicions whenever your partner looks are all in your head?
Its the wrong one! Add me on the other
the jeans got so much tighter around the convention center today
that's great!
HELLO TAMI, I HOPE ALL IS WELL, MY THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS! TONY
Lord, give me strength to at least do a little work these last few days of highschool.
25 minutes til doors! Gladiators Cage Fighting @ WI State Fair Park TONIGHT!!
Sunrise in 2 hours. Work in less than 5. Conventional wisdom says go to bed. Irrational wisdom says sunrise.
is very clever (oh, and correct too).
hey and nun Much u?
Going to Dave and Busters with my little brother, My older brother, sister in law.
realizes his decade-long love of Yo La Tengo's "Spec bebop" is actually just a shadow love of The Clean's "Chumpy" > 120 GB til full backup
2night gonna b the night
I #obviously thought it was #petitionforthatfornextyear “: Wait...I was told Tim Tebow was the commencement speaker"
She's Canadian ????? haha why is this TT? o_O
that's the end of my speech ima need you to clap
Cool Thanks! “: has a photo.”
son is the meaning of un-clutch
Who's you know all my friends and followed me WTF!!
I am too old now for questioning on childless choice but there have been astounding comments in the past.
i love you
Happy International Women's Day! Who is your favorite female author??
you're too kind to this ugly old man.
RT : "I am harder on myself than anyone else could be." Kate Smith. The secret of success for many people.
That Makes too of us lol
I don't know why I keep watching The Office. The characters are now caricatures, shadows of previous (good) seasons.
totes gonna dm you. bc he can see these tweets.
better than Donald. I'm too harsh on Donald, but since Goofy can refuel my MP what do I really need Donald for? HUNCHBACK PUNCH
I have a fragile heart.
I couldn't agree more is phone ok when you have the time?
Hi Thanks for your phone call this a.m. and your interest in and their new Eastlake school. Great to meet!
Your haters hear 10,000 fans screaming your name. They can't get their wives/girlfriends to scream theirs once
Breakout groups for boot camp 1 #thatcamp #lac and #teamrhetoric is representing!
haha, i know :D but u know. <U+2665> what time is in your country?
#Thingssaidinthe90s "Did i do that?"
RT :RT : Life was much easier when apple and blackberry were just fruits!
CALL MUCHO ASAP
Thanks for the amazing time tonight! Virginia Beach is our home and will always be!
Great Job at #adobesocial Good to hear from and
Just about that time to start decorating the Valentine's tree.
Sorry!.. Just been busy!.. i could tell you the same thing! lol.. How are you ?? are you in cali yet ?
What are you doing on your Friday night? A great idea would be to watch The Simpsons with us at 5!
hey just wanted to say good luck on your fight this Saturday ! God bless!
i love you.
lmao that's nuts. No wonder it was a flop. Was it the same thing over again?
We will have a bunch. We have a few casting directors waiting for their invite in TX. Plus most of our them will be national.
Wow Aldon Smith again!!!
Congrats lady! Way to make it happen.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. Wayne Dyer
Parisian blonde cocktail at smugglers cove made me sad.really sad
Creativity is maximized when you're living in the moment! Let's live it up.
you work at old orchard right?
#SweetLife there's already a rumor on what's in the bag!
ppl assume I am not Viet because my skintone is lighter.
You are more/than the writing/in a newspaper/after your death
Way to go Andy Cohen #WWHL for the Jackhole shout out for the NC ban
Gertrude and Germino? wtf that's some name for justin's feet...
he races tomorrow....anxious to talk to him afterwards. Crazy nut!
WOW. I really read that wrong when I first glanced at that....
On a related note, big thanks to for the advice! Feeling much more confident about this particular task...
The realities of nature surpass our most ambitious dreams. -Francois Rodin
Does your cereal talk to you?(: Lolol
Sometimes when I'm honest people assume I'm mean. But would you rather be lied to, or played???
muh head hurts:,(
thanks for the follow and support Denise Love the pic of the little one check out
Our first Test Kitchen Saturday is this Saturday! Don't Miss it! Free samples of our latest creations. Bring your Friends. From 10-2.
Good Morning lovers and friends
sounds good.
not sure. Have a phaser which is decent but not on all papers. Would be nice to have full bleed printer or a laser not just wax!
Matthew and I gotta take some more pictures for the Fuzz City record this weekend. Our last set wasn't "front cover worthy".
yeah, that immediately came to mind after pressing send. Oh well.
Going to bed sober sucks dick it's been a while since I've done this
hahahaha glad I can make you laugh :)
People show what they are really like by what they do, rather than by what
The announcement is public: The Sloan Foundation and the Arcadia Fund have each granted DPLA $2.5M
Archery classes??? um yes please
Thanks for sharing the project!
Life is definitely not easy:\ That's awesome:) I'm probably just going to study, plan my party, & probably go to the movies:)
Interesting fact. RT When you go more than 3 hours without food, your body begins to store fat and slow calorie burn.
Preaching Greatness...
Want your music on go to rochesterbuzz.com for more details
Cash only, please.
Is really making an issue of Ann Romney's clothing? Not even subtle about being echo chamber for Obama 'he's not one of us' theme
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! hopefully I'll be home soon to see you
sorry for ur loss!
Dear Phoenix Airport: I've been here 15 minutes and I'm already over you.
RT : Come on. This is a professional comedy writer. RT : Working on a new anti aging drink called I complete you
CHECKOUT THE NEW TRACKS!!!! COLLABORATION MIXTAPE ON MY REVERBNATION AND SOUNDCLOUD PAGE STAY TUNED!!!!
Why? Because I'd do anything to protect my friend. Especially from creeps like you.
i can't promise you'll see "i rival" again but you'll definitely see johnathan and i again. same difference i guess hahah
Got stuff for alexis' birthday :D ADVENTURE
Packers QB Aaron Rodgers wins AP NFL MVP award.
Thank sweet baby Jesus for .. My free therapist lol
haha not during playoffs ;) LeBron is not making them cheaper, either. Every one of these MVP plays is adding $50 to the price
caught someone peeing in the bathroom
The root of an unchanged life is the digestion of sin without indigestion of heart. - j owen
I'm not a fan of self-promotion. But you know, that's just ME. ME. ME. ME.
": Watching the masters on TV in class #frat" no andrews.. Being at the masters when you're supposed to be in class is frat.
Hahahaha. Too funny.
so wish I could!!!!
Matt, thanks for the RT and thanks for getting the tour together
I'd just tell U because I don't want to keep any secrets like that from U why do U say that U shouldn't of told me anything?
lolol best movie ever
The magic number is 10!!! You MN Twins fans know what I'm talkin' about.
Sex is the untangling of complexes. /via
Great rehearsal. Auditioned an EXCELLENT drummer, and turns out my pedalboard is amazing. LP + pedals + modded blues deluxe = happy
I am quitting all forms of quitting, including quitting all forms of quitting.
Early morning
Laying here.. Bored ass hell.. Gonna listen to Armin... I think yes <3 ;)
I'm 30 yrs old I need 2 eat healthy & xcercise, dnt want any health problem,lol
Patio & wine relaxed!
6M: another turnover. Japan put into the scrum
Just Know That No Matter Whats Happens I'll Always Lovee Youu <U+2665>
Amazing how comments get taken way out of context and/or the wrong way...
I think I want to get more serious about my workouts. Fartleks in the morning! Night night.
I can't come Friday.
Thanks for the follow sir! Let's do a happy hour some time!
Finally leaving the gym good workout!!
Chillin Just Got Home!
When faith ceases to pray, it ceases to live. - E.M. Bound from The 5 Principles of Powerful Prayer by Margaret R. Banks.
u already know........ We need to chop it up like last year
To make your success off tearing down someone else's character,makes you a sad sad individual.
im deleting
Designers: In Photoshop files, don't set text to white then change the opacity to make it grey. It's tricky and I don't like it.
Gearing up for a post-show discussion with the fabulous cast of "The 39 Steps"! Post your questions here if you can't join us!
That's my fave too!
Want to wish my friend good luck tonight as Anita for west side story :) you"ll do great <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
I learned something from that - Podsednik is with the Phillies?
it was fun! and what r u celebrating?
Hey lady, long time! It's actually my company logo AND like getting a new haircut.
Buddhist association connects visitors with Burmese culture
we served hundreds of espressos at 2011 Ferrari Challenge this past weekend...thank you!
No, but I should. Been have some strange ones lately. Do you?
Congrats on officially changing your name! What's happing at this weekend?
Several jabs at AT&T for their unreliable service.
The biggest lie I tell myself is "I don't need to write that down, I'll remember it."
With news of another Metro fare hike, DC Circulator remains a steal at $1/ride
I did 7500 words yesterday and my brain is fried. Drooling today. Finding a happy medium would be great.
Peyton will use Jets, Redskins and Dolphins to up his price. Will sign in Ariz. NFC West, Dome, Larry Fitzgerald.
I wish I could google "things to eat in my fridge" so I wouldnt have to go downstairs and be disappointed.
they say OC is a dry county.
John Cavellini & Tom Shaw Trio set a box office record at Martuni's last night. What an audience and what a show!
Do you know the special ingredient we add into our home-style beans? Pineapple! This makes for a great combo of sweet and smoky flavor!
Haha, totally not my hood -- Going on vacation? I have a bunch of friends who are from there but live here now
nelson mandelas grandaughters r getting a reality show...im interested
People like I annoy you, then, I´m sorry ;P
Looks like we're going to have access to the SYTYCD auditions in Las Vegas. Woot!
Go out on a limb... That's where the fruit is.
Oystein Johannessen asks: Is the Horizon Report the voice of the middle aged?
Mitt Romney is just another Bush. Obama is another Cliton.
Buy $100 worth of Gift Certificates & get a $20 gift for you! Now thru December 18th
where is your brain going? Lol
Nice little 3 mile run at lunch today in downtown #ROC - gorgeous day!
The Kelly Cup Finals have started. The puck has dropped here at the Orleans Arena. Las Vegas #Wranglers vs the Florida
lol idk Keeks i think u have failed on don't drink beer becuz u drank yesterday & B u failed the yardwork b4 football
If I'm the Bulls, I trade Boozer for a ball, net & Gatorade bottle ": If I'm the Bulls, I'm not adding any salary this offseason."
Africa the new track from Innovators next album is a bomb.Kip watching
:: Versailles Treaty moment in Biz Law: "That was less painful that I thought... Was it too easy?"
I am following. Keep up the good work. So the boss grew up in a log weather station? Bring pug pictures :)
garbin, my garmin nuvi, is absolutely killing it right now
no. new twitter app didn't follow my followers
I met you at the Rec Park to. With a bunch of people. :) & I met Alec that day too haha
I Love God, the cool thing is, he Loves me more. Eric - Naked Like Adam
Skip was one of his early mentors at ESPN. Took him under his wing. Then he blindsides him w/ sumthin he read on blog
I've never had a mosquito bite near my elbow. It's so annoying >.<
Helicopters all over lower Manhattan tonight. We live in a police state.
#ff inappropriate usage of tea bagging
Fellow Wisconsinites: Don't forget to get out and vote today! Let's go !
agreed! We'd really like them to step it up. Who knows - they might even pull a last min victory like w the Pats!
extremely lucky haha I do but no car :-( but hopefully I'll get a better job and save money, get a nice car!!!
Man...I dunno what to watch movie wise :/
Holy crap dude, did you leave any for anybody else?? lol
Cuddling up to my new jewelry supply catalog - just arrived in the mail today :-)
What??? RT abc store closed tomm???
I need a energy drink.
Well.. Guess it ain't real. *Kanye shrug
Walked 12miles today! My legs freggin kill.
How irritated I am right now
Great photo Jinxypie.
Thanks Girl(; <3 I requested you on Facebreezy! accept :P
lol well youu know how "I" do . But DM me right quick.
We're hanging out at tonight at in Muncie! If U R here, stop by our booth to enter to win a K-LOVE cd prize pack.
i really hate going to the orthodonist... because after, my teeth are killing me :(
. Awesome. I can't wait to visit Sicily in two weeks!
Going to redeem coupon for some free tix. It's probably going to be a long sad season, but I'm ready for some baseball.
Keeping up with Social Media is becoming a part time job.....lol!!!
Of course! It sounds like a great time!
I'll be going to the Nat'l Arts Marketing Conf this Nov - it's going to be in Charlotte!
I hope Selena knows how fucking lucky she is.
“: I'm going to create a new kind of shoe with no sole in it. I call it "Ginger"” Hahahahahahah
2007 seems like decades ago, and he hasntn't played ball in almost two years! Does Boldin have much time left in Balt?
#nw an american affair, this movies so deep
My 15-year-old is coming along today, though, so I'm a little limited. :-) But glad for her to have this opportunity!
Love isn't love, til you've given it away......commissioned
like, they made a fourth Quake? for who?
Foam roll while watching the #Brewers lock up the series???? Duh!
last one: can't moving in together be BOTH testing out the relationship and a step toward greater commitment?
DON'T PASS THE BALL, LEBRON!
Can't believ I'm going to miss Jesse Sykes tomorrow night at the west Seattle summerfest!
I miss the innocence I've known, playing KISS covers, beautiful and stoned.
Davis seems like both to me. Great upside on both ends of the floor with great athleticism and range.
that moment when know you need to finish your homework but you choose to ignore it until last minute.
“ Ppl don't want to believe in religion nowadays bc they say it's too flawed, using that as an excuse to do what they want.”
Lol , I Guess. You Know You Love
well played!
It's like the more I sleep, the more tired I wake up.
I would get the hiccups right now
don't worry bout it send off
<< Definitely joint juice!!
Hey! How have you been?
let me know when you need service on that truck
shave your head
A Lil and the down bottom fam at the park 2nite
why are you in the emergency room?!?!?
The Circus Tour is underrated and will forever be the greatest show on earth
is stoked to play tonight!
can't wait to see you at ! And Norman too! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Just had 3 of my daughter's friends over for a pool party - the house is oddly quiet now that she is napping and the friends have gone home!
I just saw the worst car crash on the 60 freeway. Holla, for being alive.
Public comment is now closed; Q&A time for Budget Committee members.
The song on NBC's parade, the marching band playing RESPECT...my high school played that version!
u are.
“: working on that / Bk Lounge #Mixtape” ..it's about to be ridiculous...
I have loved Lily Halpern for a while now, and her music has always been good. If they're more than friends, I support 100% <3
Under The Mistletoe ends in a few days. There's still time to take advantage of all the great deals!
Hamptons water temp = 55 degrees. Am I smelling a bet coming on? Morning y'all
Over/under 6 months before UK's title is vacated?
Im so ticked off about what mrs. Whaley did today
Beethoven. Picasso. Edison. #LunchWithAnyThreePeopleWhoEverLived (also? Sid Vicious = waiter... just to mix it up...)
well that's why I dont bring it out that often
There should be an app for that. RT Why don't Zillow or Trulia have a "proximity to Dunkin Donuts" option for new home searches?
The boys are thirsty and there's beer in Texarkana
Anger is one letter short of danger. Maybe I should rethink my twitter alias
no problem. I saw him running in on the MASN feed.
Celebrate 25 years of rock with tonight ! Taste & order autographed bottles of "Shimmy Shimmy Merlot" & Sauvignon Blanc!
Wow just made my day(: love wakin up to those super long text from him its amazing!(: <3
Father , you make beautiful things out of us .
Give the gift of good taste! For every $50 in FSG gift cards you buy, get $10 bonus coupon for yourself. Gift cards available in store now.
Anyways, working 6PM-2AM tomorrow night and not bitching because you will love this movie, to all you midnight premier goers!
Volume 14.11 done and done. Small issue with tons of great writings.
yes to Rossi's.
#nowreading "The Columbia History of American Television," Gary R. Edgerton
What it do twitter I been M.I.A on both networks jus over alot of shit and focused at the same time so I,fell back im back to tweetin my bad
Work doesn't feel like work when you're with friends. Fun day with Rick Ferguson and Aimee McGuire!
sure. Meet , Renee. Troy, meet Renee.
Over 100 session proposals received for #IA2012! Thanks to all who submitted; planning's just getting started for InterActivity in Portland!
WOW, I'm salivating a little over here...nice find!
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche ~
Yeah, don't remind me! // RT : A reminder: Nothing comes easily for the Florida Panthers. 3-2, 2:02 into the 3rd.
u good
when for two favorite people become friends >>>>>>>
please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <333333
WHY CANT THEY JUST KEEP REPLAYING #SaySomethin ITS AMAZING OMG.
Tryna gather my thoughts.....need to get ready for wk!!!
Even after a long day I had to DIG DEEPER!
“ I really need new contacts.”can't be that bad
I dedicate tweet #2000 to my fam both blood and thru faith,to my friends and every follower that rt or mentioned a dude. God bless
lord have mercy it's a beautiful thing, ain't nothin' 'bout it luck, there's somethin' bout a truck. <3
Apartment hunting BLOWS. Anybody in Nashville know of a cheap apartment to live in for the baseball season? I just need a place to sleep...
you still there?
Isn't it #justsilly to start a "99% enough" war? We org with parents in Lynwood, SLA, etc. and we live there too
aww haha I feel bad ill give it to my cousin to give to you..
swag.<U+2665> oh & congrats on your #18millionbeliebers !
Just got the read and react offense DVD. Time to learn.
In that case I would go with Freeman because then you don't have to waste an early round pick on a QB
Cub fans do that pretty much anytime there's contact.
and Clark does not know how to pass
obligatory #FireSpaz tag? Obligatory
Large rain wrapped Tornado in Rockwall county. Hard to see, very dangerous. Take cover.
Now...BACK TO MY HOMEWORK!
sub 9 pace! I just finished a 2.06 mi run with a pace of 8'55"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
I watch when it matters. And, there's nothing quite like playoff hockey. C'mon M, I'm a seasoned veteran of postseason athletics! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Ex-Raider Chester McGlockton dies suddenly at age 42
Very disappointed w/Casa Rustica in Smithtown, #LongIsland One choice by for wine by glass, loud with kids, no lasagna.
moms are adorable :)
For me 1) Hello Nasty 2) Check Your Head 3) Paul's Boutique. But the same list. Also brass monkeys after work.
The Universe is only laughing at you because it's insecure.
Can't wait to see the first two episodes of The F-List!!!
5 episodes of #lost in a row. Ah I'm addicted
Come back to registration so we can sort you out unless you love the alias title. Ha.
Is it utter madness to contemplate taking Mom out for dinner this Saturday?
Quote I remember the most from music school about a piece of music: "It was like vomit but without substance. Like watery vomit."
Right back at cha! You did great work all week. Loved Motor City Wine Bar. It's my new hang out.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE KING <3 I Will Love You Always!!!!
my tooth starting to hurt me. Hope it aint that time for that wisdom to come in or come out
If I don't constantly keep up with the music scene/industry I don't feel alive or in the loop..
What is a friend these days. ? ;)
I WARNED YOU!! RT : I honestly feel like my 6 week philosophy class is going to seriously take a toll on me :/
word:) suggestion:
I love when people tell you that they will text you whenever they get a study group together and yet they never end up texting you
How hot is Paul Pierce right now? 4-for-4 with 11 points in the first 6 minutes of play..Not a bad start for the Truth!
omg you are my favorite.
Jim Shella: What do you think of the state of journalism? Jim Lehrer: Deep sigh.
emergency WR void to fill off wire..preston parker or Titrus Young? have to start 3 WR in this league...andre DL/Dez BYE
RT : Siting in the introduction at CRMC. Talking about innovation. Comfort: It is bad for business. #le360, LMA360
Need Stocking Stuffers how about gift certificates from the Steer In.
15 minute sports marketing presentation to our client this morning. Welcome to the real world.
RT : Over 5K Appcelerator apps created with ACS since launch 7 days ago. I think we're on to something.
thx everyone! I luv it here!
nor days in the week!
And not in the way I'm used to blacking out.
the only screamo band I like is Black Veil Brides, rest of it is rubbish!
Big thanks to the agents at Palm Springs Airport this morning for being so kind and helpful as we rearranged our flight
How is Game of Thrones in that sentence? Compared to the books?
Just you can make do that !!!
Today is the celebration of life only made possible by the wonderful mothers of the world. Happy Mothers Day! :-)
It really was remarkable. Wish you could have been there too!!!!
Hopefully is learning as well as apologizing. One reason there aren't more female software developers: because of assholes like them.
I love to stay on top of news <U+30EF><U+30B5><U+30D3><U+30E9><U+30D3><U+30C3><U+30C8><U+304C><U+6771><U+4EAC><U+30AA><U+30D5><U+30A3><U+30B9><U+3092><U+958B><U+8A2D> <U+30CB><U+30E5><U+30FC><U+30E8><U+30FC><U+30AF>--(BUSINESS WIRE)--(<U+30D3><U+30B8><U+30CD><U+30B9><U+30EF>
Why does my phone always change babe to have?! -__-
I'm gonna be honest. I really have no idea where we are. I just know what the gps is telling us to do.
RT New STD out called "Ass Whoopin"..... Keep talking shit & you just might catch 1 quick
Between the warm winter, earthquakes and most alarming, no SB46 for Pack, we should believe this 2012 end of the world stuff.
then come out and celebrate :D
Do these make me look gay? You look like you've seen one up close..
Sonya Sanchez Arias Great quote Sonya! I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. Albert Einstein
Hopefully, not RaeLynn!
": Let's get to 50 followers by Friday night!!!" You are the best niece ever! Love you!
So amazed @ the work ASU is doing to mentor tomorrow's innovative leaders! Truly awesome - keep up the good work!
who do you think shes gonna pick?
Patrick Pistorio Named Camp Director for Elgin Chicago Bears Youth Football Camp - TribLocal
Yes Killah All I Need is a #TM Always been on #Teamspanishchicks Follow your boy for all that noticias deportes
no I kno it's not you, and I think It might be that guy.
sry havent been on twitter in forever! :(
and of course frank is wasting his food... -_-
this fucking coffee!!!!!
Share with us your tips on following through with the goals you set!
Sorry for the slow reply--Loving Louisville, both the school and city. More in a DM.
Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart: News, Pictures - Zimbio
Brain port RT : T3: wouldnt it be nice if the session was recorded, translated/transcribed, and dynamically added?
I got my food stamps:) yayay lls
The fact you truly don't give a shit hurts me the most.
yaaay! Have fun guys!!
Anyone notice the 1 of the guys on #Jeopardy tonight looks like an older ?? It's wild, awesome and a little creepy
Well hey there. How do you know my uncle?
I am on the hunt for Roman costumes for this Roman shoot! Help. Where should I go NYC?
Yeah....Artest makes no difference....
Neyo never gets old.
Said it before, I'll say it again. If your total tweets is a higher number than your bank balance, you need to adjust your priorities.
“: #commonphssayings she's a freshman, bro” hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
our coffee shops will distribute your sleeves all hours they are open for business.
Who shot cha? <U+E113>
Go PACK!! Take it to da bears!! Need to put it together tonite!
It's a beautiful rainy spring morning :P
Nope, it's from years ago (2003, acc ) and was just called Coupling - straight-up remake
lmao... Oh...idk...I wasnt gonna check into, anymore so ...
next weekend! Wood household is open
OMFG did anyone else know there is a Kung Fu & Circus Arts place on the corner of Park and El Cajon Blvd!?! Where do i sign up for that??
Yerp! What you up to after? RT : Headed to Boston..celtics game 4 tickets in hand
seriously Barrett, what have you done for Milwaukee?
New faces at our general body meeting! We love it!
Hazy Venice...so great.
Ladies be the lady all men want to have, not the one all men already had.
There be some weird ass people on Sierra way B
What's up fam! How have you been? Glad to hear LA went good.
rebecca's parents are visiting from NY, so we've got 2 giant sacks of real, amazing bagels over here
All misfortune is but a stepping stone to fortune. -Henry David Thoreau
Thanks to my son-in-law Shaun for getting up at 3:15 a.m. to get me to airport-either good son-in-law or he wanted to see me off asap:)!
Thanks for retweeting my post. Curious hear what DH folks think about my recent explorations in spatial (ethno)musicology.
Seattle Web Designers. Would you like to work with me? send email to . INC portfolio url, your background, fav tech
I kinda wish i never met you...
I'm thankful that I live in the progressive, hard-working city of Chicago. What an excellent place to launch a cool small biz like ours. :)
Single and not looking
let me know when you dump the flash!
Wolf - you just called Herman Cain ignorant. How do you feel?
oh my god!!!! you are funny!
Im ready to go to gym so i can charge my phone.
Types of nicotine my mom uses on a daily basis: cigs, the patch, gum. But not at the same time anymore so it's okay she says.
Now I remember why I haven't been back to North Carolina since graduation. Shameful. Embarrassing. Firmly on the wrong side of history.
Just travelled across central CA and realized that Jesus is still more popular than Ritual Roasters.
#nowplaying Everytime We Say Goodbye perf by George Mesterhazy and Lisa Lindsley...RIP my dear friend
Out of focus
dude needs to stay in his lane
Standard Friday loansharking.
DRob reminds me of John Wetteland...closer before MO...does not like 1-2-3 9th inn...PHEW...!
New Kickstarter campaign to raise money for suspended Saints coaches & staff. Name? "Share Your Bounty." #saints # nfl
love me forever
let me know if u need help scouting..
drinking a vanilla-orange frappacino, recouping from a pleasant exchange with an ex. diving in to me again.
RT : so y'all sayin making 50k a year is struggling..The Fuck??? --it's a struggle w/ kids but not when you're single
what happened in Clearwater?
coolness! Sounds like it is going to be a fun show!
| Happy Monday! Gentle reminder to please forward more images...please, & thank you.
Are you tweeting about the arts in Austin? Let us know! We'd love to follow you. Be sure to reply using the @ symbol so we can find you.
Eating pussy isn't a crime just don't do that shit to everyone
About too have a good time
Nice bomb Prince! Hopefully will lead to a few more hits with runners in scoring position - that has to improve for #Tigers to improve
i tried to come and taunt you ;P
Just spent the day with an 8 year old. Can't believe how much she shit talked other 8 year olds.
o, look at me, i'm soo cool because I use Yolo after everything I say. -__- Being a sarcastic bitch because
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085> really wish nail polish didn't last less than a week. Sick of painting my nails twice a week.
Let me know when Tebow ascends into Heaven.
Yeah, now. It's my mom. She isn't doing so well.
TY for sharing the rel=author post!
#paulmccartney was incredible on the
It was great to meet everyone, hope to see you all again soon!
You cant be serious!
I love it when I wake up and everything makes perfect sense :)
#ASKKIAN come to florida to do a meet and greet?
were completely unprecedented. But at the same time, one must be sensitive to the peculiarities of the object at hand, and not
Racial profiling is what got #TrayvonMartin killed, not a damn hoodie.
Unfortunate to see Pac-12 no. 2 and no. 3 get Alamo and Holiday still, couldn't parlay better bowl games with realignment?
Hello guys! Did my first GCSE today - didn't go as badly as I thought it would
I just want Tom and Lynette back together!
follow back please
I had organic muesli for breakfaset with skim milk. Does that excuse the cheeseburger with fried egg I'm planning on for lunch?
Any news on yet? That would be a huge blow to this defense if he missed time, regardless of how well the reserves played.
When I get to drink again, I wonder what my first drink is gonna be.......hm
Producers if I told you on Blazetrak to hit me up - hit me now I'll DM u my email
this is wonderful!
Fittingly, my last day at the worst job I've ever held required me to drive to Kenosha.
I didn't change, you just never knew me.
I love how I do everything and a half ON MY BREAK, ask for one simple favor and wind up having to do it anyway because someone "forgot".. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
"Do you think it's possible that communicating an attitude of gratitude in your business could actually make you more money?"...
thanks! I made me look skinny! What does yours look like?
also commonly referred to as "growing a tail".
Brunch is my favorite meal mash up.
has done an great job putting on this Historic Reception for the Proclamation of the Pacific NW Black Pioneers Exhibit
guess ill go clean
Aww, it's 3 hours difference! I think traffic is gonna SUCK on Sunday when we leave though. We're heading home around 10AM.
why don't u like 50??
Yeah, free coffee or something would be better.
4 gifts left!
game of thrones
Within a block of San Diego Civic Theatre & Lyceum, Dobson's draws many theater-bound patrons at dinnertime. Be sure to make a reservation.
FIRST DAY OF HIGH SCHOOL WAS FUN:D I MADE NEW FRIENDS:)
yessir! sorry so late my enternet game is real whack right now...goodnight! whats good with you?
I used that wrong. There *was* a dearth, now a surfeit...
Follow -Clayton & partnering w/Arise Africa 2provide safe & loving homes 4 less fortunate children of Zambia.
Shame On Lloyd Blankfein and Rupert Murdoch - Forbes
Daniel Bryan Gonna make Shaemus tap
Ugh so dumb!
First there was the replay of reply to and now the replay of H vs Undertaker . C'mon way too much filler !!!
hold out for brewers central champs shirt
When I met my boyfriend at US-Mex, I was shit faced. His name in my phone was 'US National Team Matt'. I had no idea who he was.
.... demi is gonna be an x factor judge...? wot.
surf solar
KU Jayhawk win ... Makes me happy
Not in the mood for little kid drama AGAIN! thoe <<<<<<
Start your week off strong. Stay focused and keep the momentum going all week long. You can do it. Have very productive week.
Use paper bags rather than plastic to store lettuce and celery in the crisper. They will stay fresh longer.
Cosby Boys won over JRHS in 3 while JRHS girls beat Cosby 3/4. Unfortunate for fans these games take place at the same time in diff venues.
Glad you're involved! I have helped with the ceremony in the past. Great event!
ebooks for all, check us out , please retweet, many thanks also looking for contributors for Cyber Sundae a internet newletter!
Familys leaving today
Hanging out with my lovely aunt and her #bluebloods crew! I <3 NYC!
ESPN refuses to use TMZ as a source
5 hour video chat again tonight? i think so!
need to increase productiveness this week. not off to a good start. reading about Yukio Mishima all day instead? why? interesting at least.
Due to indignation over recent controversies, I now have too many
Gonna be with my girls and my boy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Just set up my cobbler at the gourmet gents event...shld b smashing!!!
Probably in the morning. Like 10 or 11. I'll talk to her tomorrow. Night!
We dont talk anymore. And you know the saddest part is we used to talk everyday.
Don't know what to do, but can't give up.
#Coachella. just began their set this very second!
I like strawberry <U+2665>
Is Nick Perry on twitter?
u mean ?? :-) i better be seeing your crazy butt in madtown this weekend
I need a Coachella ticket!!! Can't believe the tickets sold out in less than a week.. Is anyone interested in selling one?
well that's cool. Haha. did you see everyone else practicing?
A little down in the dumps <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
that of cruz... lmk thanks
You've got to let us know about that kind of stuff when it's happening! Tell us at the "Ask Us" desk.
Disappointing to know that I am better than what I show..
OMG this hater keeps tweeting me -.- if she hates you so much why does she keep tweeting about you, #Annoying AF
all found and safe
come home now...I will have a queso burrito waiting lol
Maybe what I heard about pappy three years ago when he got hired was true.. wow. No one knew but me and some others..
Who wants my love? No one? Kay.
Reminder: We do a #giveaway every Wednesday at 12 noon ET.
Good....now don't that we got things understood. Wat u got yo bachelors in?
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
Bandage of Horses
2nite's Vagina Monologue rehearsal question proposed by our director & now I ask you: "What does it mean to be a woman living in America?"
Well, for 1b1c the answer is technically 2, but the tweeter always hopes to reach 50.
they have those to discourage people from taking part of the process. Good for you for working past the pain! We shall overcome!
Love waking up to breakfast being ready for me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Hey , any update on those NYG photos?
Finna get dressed and ride down on you....
Stay Tuned for a Sneak Peak at the Menu and Much More....
what does the gold card do?
Its mind blowing that most coaches/ players have the common sense 2 work R/L sides equally but DONT work front/back equally!
Money, Multiple Orgasms and shoes that doesn't hurt like hell...
Raining and it's freaking cold. Good thing I make it on time at work..
Hello! Is there a USAC study abroad alumni group on LinkedIn?
..you offend easily? Sorry, am I to be afraid now? Or is the core of the issue, people mistake your kindness for weakness?
Want 2 reach a group of followers who appreciate and value great design? Think about advertising on our blog. Want more or have Q's DM me.
Count how many "heart healthy" messages you hear today. Is your employer sending one? Happy Valentines Day!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 41
In pain, stiff, numb and weak, but, I'm alive, walking wobbly and grateful for life.
Thanks! RT: At OZ Korean BBQ with my wonderful sister. Bomb ass food and relatively inexpensive. Definitely well worth coming...
#Determined to make something of myself
hahaha GET. IT. :)
Why do I feel like I need a tetanus shot everytime I fly out of LaGuardia? And why don't I remember this year to year?
They are characters from "Laverne and Shirley." Its opening is where the famous work glove on the beer bottle shot is from.
Thank you my love Your the best woman in the world and wouldn't change you for anyone in the world!! Xoxox
Hated seeing that NC State loss, but the UNC-Kansas game will be a good one.
Hasn't slept yet, simply ridiculous. Did some writing but for sure not the right kind. I deem tomorrow a music writing day. If I wake up.
Cancer kills. <U+264B>
Remember I posted that I was moving to LA? I ran out of gas in Phoenix. I still have the dream though. How's things going?
Oh my god...I am actually aroused!There is a Sex Heathen God !lol
Follow BostonOnTheRun back! We love the show Kim!!
On 6:03 train into NYC for #BRITEconf. Can't wait to welcome our 400 participants (a new record!)
MSNBC is leberal media? Repub Halperin to Repub JoeScar: "Obama's a dick". Liberals have Rachel, Ed, Lawrence. Repubs have EVERYONE ELSE.
RT: ATTENTION! To whom it may concern: AT THE DRIVE-IN will be breaking their 11 year silence THIS STATION IS …NOW…OPERATIONAL
<3 when you see me at school you gotta remind me though(:
S/o to my new followers
it kinda is! lol howd u see that i made another one? i didnt change my bio or anything.
My tongue hurts-.-
the way they keep composure, whether winning, losing our being roughed up by the opposing team, they stay calm and collective.
big up meme war for brainstorm session n photos
its funny cus the main ppl sayn "sex aint better than love" are the hoes ruinin happy relationships. STOP tryna quote trey homewreckers !!
#IlikeObamacare because obama is cool and I don't really care about politics. I am young with my future ahead of me so It doesn't effect me.
Yes, we can be. Glad you're writing. Don't lose my email addy. Feel free to send pages.
bout to get in tha showa maybe it'll help me get to sleep
Why doesn't have a #CincodeMayo theme?
": #BrosOverHoes" The video is real bro
If we are meant to be together, then we will end up together.
As soon as I get this graduation money I'm getting my headshots and about to let this modeling begin!
Thanks for the follow, guys! Good luck with world domination!
listen to on iTunes get Brian to listen and download songs! :)
Whata ya know Ronaldo is in full form again g-notes for days
As another one is ending her journey, lets renew our determination to fight!
thank you very much!
All bundled up and ready for bed. WA nights, bring it.
#Seattle #Veterans Day - Show your military ID at any one of our locations and get yourself a slice of #pizza for #free !
IS IT EASIER TO GIVE OR RECEIVE?????
Nate told us the wrong time for load in. So im here, with greg and jake just sitting on the porch at the grange. Thanks buddy....
i think i'm in love with but just a little :p
I should have applied!
Bengals have the edge in this game. Think they should pull this one out.
hehe have fun!!! I will!! I look out for a dress for u...
lol I know right. "I just wanna go ahead & thank that man who's upstairs right now. Well you know who you are." lol
Waiting for you to change is like waiting for it to snow on a dessert, impossible!
I swear my school is filled with Directionators. Thinking they know shit, bitch, try me.
naaaa I just chilled at home and went out to dinner with Mia yesterday. What did you get into?
ChatNM thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I can't keep my eyes open.
The biggest innovation in mobile? I don't think it's NFC or AR.. It's consumer mindset: from something new to something expected/natural
What happens in Scotts. Stays in Scotts!
roommates at work til 7 am...some one entertain me.
you know that was for me dude. Our late night comedy sessions are the shit xD
I get an attitude when back channeling/Tweeting, taking notes, exploring topic presenter is talking about. Ugh.
congratulations to a great couple. Have fun!
whataburger sighting out of Birmingham....exit 267 on 65N if you are still around....could't resist.
following back son!!
You played a big role in its success! MT ... great panel on arts writing yesterday. We were small but mighty!
Thanks for the link. Looking forward to reading your piece.
Thanks for the follow! See you on the dance floor
Really wish & were at #sxsw for this CNN/NewMe panel.
this is stupid. get on with the game. nobody cares about these kids.
follow me cuz... i see you
good question!!!
Don't text me while I'm texting you, now I have to change my text.
Watched the #movie Strictly Ballroom. It was pretty good
The only REAL way to protect yourself against unauthorized key duplication is with PATENTED, not just restricted, keys....
Washington Redskins 16 Dallas Cowboys 18 Final #redskins #cowboys #nfl (Via )
Bro puked all over the bottom stairs last night.):
I'm such a freaking misanthrope at this point it's not even safe to read my tweets #beware ... Oops too late
please tell me no animals were harmed in the making of your tweet.
So nice out. Can't wait to get outside and play. Georgetown waterfront here I come!!!! ...in 3 hrs. Grrrr.
I do! I want a #Spectre laptop. :)
true dat. and makes it not unlike LinkedIn answers (which I still prefer for that sorta thing)
just... lol I'LL SHOW YOU ONCE WE GET BACK TO SCHOOL
We are always looking for artist's and bands to collaborate with... send us a message
J.S. Edwards is open every Sunday, 11 am to 4 pm starting this Sunday, November 22.
i remember when talked to me and brother and asked how we enjoyed his concert...he was lookin pretty fine.
Just brought the beer monster to the east coast
Pinching self. Midway thru 10 mile run, worked in 200m repeats down to 6:49 pace. Hell yes.
#RETWEET If You love Your West Coast Los Angeles ICONiacz.<3 We Will You So Much.<3 COME BACK ON A TOUR STOP ;D
How do you submit?
- && all I can say is, I'm so proud of you <3
Thankful for a home full of family & friends. Happy Thanksgiving All !!
I'm still saving for my upgrade! But at least PS & AI are backwards compatible.
Thank you and Lisa for visiting our city. We had a great time and look forward to future mashups!
you just did... but I'm holding out for "Mr. Right" LOL I kill myself
As am I! Mostly because I think SIBL is so valuable and I hate to see it gone.
Bears suck lol come on Denver next time go out of bounce bears fan!!!!!!!!!
that sounds so effin' good!
just saw starships... Little freaky but you worked it ;D <3
ABDC<U+2665> ICONic Boyz on tonight! Louis,Mikey,Madison,Nick,Jason,&Thomas<U+2665> Wish you were on Vin<U+2665>
I have that!
My kind of woman.
you're just like a penny. two-faced and worthless.”
i luv u no matter wat cc.....im gonna keep u and ur fam in my prayers..#keepyourheadup..just remember he gone be back someday
Just did week 7, day 2 of !
you as well.
oh hell yeah gotta agree with u on dat i had me one before n dam they r da bomb!!!
10% discount for all locals who show their ID at the Queen Vic......Drink up!
likewise :) where do u surf?
easy "killer"..maybe time to take UR Depakote...or maybe just "walk that shit off"!
HAVE A SAFE AND WONDERFUL THANKSGIVING DAY!
Today's Soups: Cream of Mushroom, Chicken Dumpling, & Chili
Down to the mall to watch the discovery shuttle :)
I can't believe that people are cheering for $2.50/ gal gas!!!
High-end Applebee's is how I'm going to redecorate my emotional interior.
especially on a jam packed flight
I'd <3 to go back & reexamine some of the things I've done. Not sure I'd change them.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. ~Aristotle~
come to think of it, I have not.... Hm
Don't know why I bought a season pass to Metal Evolution on iTunes instead of individual episodes. Who cares about grunge or numetal? Not me
omg shoot :(
We just passed 900 followers today. Thanks for the support everyone!
Many of these pols on both sides are only out for themselves. The moderates are largely marginalized or booted out.
Chad, accept my love!!<3
"Innovation will drive quality." -Peter Bernard
Pete Carroll gleefully will tell David Hawthorne to come back home.
so pumped about the #cbnutcracker tomorrow night (won tix at 's #MerryMingle!) now, what to wear??
Love people watching at the mall in Bellevue. Anyone ever been to Scottsdale, Az? Very similar.
lol ok I see you have a fan base!
New Faculty Orientation-Monday, July 11, 2001 in the Alumni Center. Contact Faculty affairs at to register.
Damn tired but a few more songs need to be heard and a few more lines need to be written. So glad tomorrow is Saturday :)
Love those shows your the best Capt. Of the Enterprise ever... No one comes close. God Bless...
wow! The best up & coming strength & conditioning coach in college call ME the truth!? Nice.
Cleveland Is My City and I Love Yea I Love It!!! RT if you agree
The feeling is mutual! You are too kind and I look forward to more collaboration with your team.
Woot! RT : Capitol Ave. parking is back just in time for this rainy #Indy weather
Boardroom boxing matchs = why I love
well damn haha who knew
Michelle Bachman is an idiot. She doesn't get it. She's got 5% of the vote but claims a victory in Iowa.
"What's truly ridiculous is us doing programs that we don't believe in or don't find engaging." -Lisa Yun Lee #aam2012 #dangerous/ridiculous
At the world premiere of "When the Bough Breaks". Very powerful documentary about the Center for Child Protection in Austin
They have to. RT Social media and recruiting. Can they co-exist?
Headed to ABF to praise the Lord with Shaun, Kristin, Terrance and Chris!!! Everyone have a great day :)
One out of every ten babies born in NM has, or is at risk for, developmental delay or disability.
Driving around today I've noticed hardly no one knows how to follow traffic laws anymore.
I'm only allowed to make vague statements until they wrap, but I'm very excited and impressed with what I've seen so far!
done wit the taxes! ...now, to give ALL my attention to my assets. :)
that the Obama administration failed miserably
I cant stand angelica mean ass.
oh .. is that why you arent in the radio station today !
Only a few chances left to see Let it Ho! TONIGHT! and Next Wed & Thurs! "Must See"- Centerstage Chicago "Best Bets"-Metromix
Supreme #irony: Al-Jazeera English is reporting that Norway's #Brevik claims to have been inspired by
are you sticking around for a bit or getting to-go?
I enjoy those days when I realize the people around me are quite smart.
My favorite thing about going to my parents' apartment is riding in the elevator with teenagers who smell like pot.
i mean i am telling you to stay with kam and i if u wanted to
COME IN FOR Spring Cleaning ~ All Body Waxing 50% off in March!!
lol. Yeah. I made all state band this year.
Great to hear Dave!!!
what bout dah army ?
Hahaha ok that's what I figured :'D
Even more snow now. It's a deceptive spring in Edmonton: sun before & jogging weather (w light jacket)—now snow and cold again
LOST A FOLLOWER Bye Bitch.
Crosswind here keeps knocking ball off tee :-/
Get Dressed.Music hits.Adrenaline starts to flow.Burst through the curtain.THE SWITCH IS ON.Evil in my eyes.Evil intentions.Victory is mine!
Thanks a lot for coming to speak , Chaim! Loved your energy and presence - really refreshing.
"Don't hate the player, change the game."
They can kiss my ass
Minnen: look at "Minority Report" -- it was designed to look good in a movie. Need to find the right tool for the job.
Sitting at the jetport watching area thinking about planes and moving to California.
for once I'm not, but I'll soon get over it :)
Lmfao! I like it!
#jfokus is right around the corner. We're looking forward to an exciting couple of days in Stockholm.
work till 9
kinda weird how demi is an x factor judge.... imagine if she gets the over's.... lol.
jeje... Have a great sat!
RT : Got asked today, 'How long have you actually worked here?' I replied 'Since they threatened to fire me...'
enjoying the new layout for gizmodo/lifehacker/etc.
#Pella 350 Series made the Top 100 list to be out in Nov issue! Call me 2 find out who's and Y #Doors #Windows #Albuquerque 505-225-5538
lol...its never to late for fun!!! :) LOVE IT!!
screams because frustration sucks. and with that, bye.
Amazing! :) RT I didnt sleep with them! I asked them over coffee (:
it took a while, but worth it!
We have 3 bikes, and I don't ride very often. I wonder how many tacos I could get for one of the bikes? What's the exchange rate?
No, you! RT You're my favorite.
The quotes came from an earlier query, looking for PhDs on food stamps to interview. The post was his substantive response to issue.
Ok, so the Drupal magic is slow in coming today ...
#DarkskinPeopleNickNames smoke, black or my favorite spook.
If I acquire a sugar daddy, win the lottery, or decide to work the pole #nkotbcruise2012 sounds great!
Ah, dang it. The show we're going to see starts at 8:00. I doubt we'll make it in time. Break a leg!
Good morning everyone!
Has anyone visiting seen the augments & Allison learned to make at our AR workshop last weekend?
Mr. Handyman International Rookie of the Year James Furrer awarded at National Convention Orlando, FL
I'm working on the 6th floor and someone asked me where the stairs were because they were afraid of elevators, HOW DID YOU GET UP HERE?
I know I wasn't even gonna do it, because I had too much to say. But I just tried to condence it haha.
you look fantastic. Very happy to have u in Chicago.
what's on the menu
The honor is ours, good sir.
Has somebody found the video yet?!?!?! RT : COLBY'S!!!!!
and hopefully others will flashmob Union Gospel Mission tomorrow with blankets, socks & coats! Do it!
I miss u boyfriend :-( make an effort to at least pretend u miss me too!
of those contradiction in terms-Gay Republican-
So ready to be done with finals!
Thanks to everyone that came out tonight! We had a blast and hope you did too! Stand by for some up coming news.
#mahonefact Austin didn't write 11:11 by himself, it's written by a band, hasn't famous yet hehehe :)
NY State Of Mind-
my data is larger than yours.
#GRAMMY'S
“: I feel old<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>!!”>>> your getting there lmfao O_o jk
ughh . twitter is acting up:/ have to tweet by txt , somone tweet me ,maybe?im bored
frank ocean?
This Bards for You!
Wishing did deliveries...
Thank you!
im not sure yet.
Your voice is simply amazing. Can't wait to buy your album and play it over and over!
naw. I'll be in NY workin. Have fun though!!
Just say when! RT Close can we please have a picnic just like this from
I'm right behind you brotha
Would be interesting to see which of those were originally 20% projects.
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way to remind customers about tire rotations. Ask us how-918-271-0062
Remember what your magic numbers are.
oh shit they look almost the same, you still stuntin on em with that pic b
Two hundred and four, at last count. 45% of our ACH members hail from outside the United States.
I know its pay day and it may come in stacks. But only knowing what to do with it makes your earnings priceless. #NspiredBy Proverbs 20:15
Repeat after me: "I am not a jerk." :)
Today was so much fun<3 can't wait for tomorrow(:
Not buying it Madonna
I been having that same problem. I'm hoping its allergies
Let's get that for the new apartment. Housewarming party.
Happy teacher Tuesday! Happy hour all night for teachers. Wine tasting all day. Enjoy.
You're the best Violet! :) " So glad you discovered the amazing "
our music has been known to have that effect, be careful
Lahore, Pakistan googles the word "boobs" more than any other city in the world. Thank you #googletrends for this important research
I tweet this with gritted teeth: Someone is going to have a heart attack climbing the godforsaken Bethesda Metro escalator. FIX IT, WMATA.
Fucking kyle all you do is..be yourself.
Great new Pic of Jake Weber on the Beyond Redemption Facebook page. #indie film
OovoO ' In w. Prod's Cousin Amber :*
Still hungry!! Meow!
you are most welcome, m'lady. Be safe with your phone until then!!
Look back and Thank God. Look forward and Trust God. Look around and Serve God. Look within and Find God.
re new woodworking, yeah *lots* ;) i'm afraid i'm not much of a photographer, but let me see what I can do to share. stand by ;)
Doctor who season fanalie!!!!!!
Excellent, thx for the info. reminds me a bit of our own
I am a misanthropist to the highest extent imaginable..
To go home or not to go home today is the question.
Lolollol funny joke. Can't wait till the summer .. So fucking ready
Hey I know we haven't been able to touch base! Sorry its been crazy busy, lets find time as soon as we can!
2012 film watching! #38. Collapse (Smith, 2009). Documentary about the decline of our economy and potential loss of all oil. Average doc.
HSE and North Central game is proof that the first round needs to be seeded
Do mailboxes still exist?! Why can't I find one?
yay finnally got on waiting for the #grand email : )
RT : all learning professionals need to stop thinking & talking learning. Focus on behav change/perf imprvmt
The fuck is wrong with you???? #confused 12 hours a day not good enough huh? Got some kids to feed? Or Are you high?
can yu change my name
So you are coming back to NY in 2012?? Please do!! I want to do it all over again.
Happiest of birthdays to you!!!!
I have a mac & I use DoubleTwist. Might be an easier way w/ a PC! You can also drag iTunes files when your phone is mounted
true shit dude, it was boring as fuck last year
It's is always good to "embrace what you don't know" and books in translation is a great way!
the name shall not be mentioned remember >_< lol
I plan on Tebowing for Jim the moment I see him next.
Thanks for spreading the word about our gala online auction!
That does not count as a deuce in the race deck. If the sit was reversed...it would have been a lynching. I am pointing out irony.
i'll be at torrey tom morn for farmers open w/ sd mayor, hear the north is as tough as south. visit, we'll play both and decide!
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
I'm not out there sweating for three hours every day just to find out what it feels like to sweat.
Considering the last time I cleaned my fridge may have been when I was pregnant, I call it nesting. :)
Thinking of hitting up some Luv It Custard this evening after a reportedly hottest day of the year thus far! Local and loving it.
did u look in the mirror?
Pianist Andrew Staupe receives incredible standing ovation at RSOC opening concert, Welcome to America.
tell me how it felt when you put it in Bill Self's mouth.
I found my friends, they're in my head
Wrote to my reps to say NO to #SOPA & #PIPA Hope you'll so the same. Jeff Bingaman
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures. ~Henry Ward Beecher
sounds fun lol! Btw I feel like I havent seen you in a while. We gotta fix that!
The only reason people hold onto memories so tight is because memories are the things that don't change; when everybody else does.
The count down begins 4 the ULTIMATE SD brewery&beer tasting tour THIS Saturday!Grab ur friends&hop on a party bus 4 only $25
never followed me)': I've had this account forever... Lol.
aww :( and what type of dog?
I have one tomorrow hah
I just want it all ~_~
check you email under its under calvin harris
So, we're hosting another event this Thursday in Atlanta. More cool new features!
Sign up now for Speak Up Webinar: Engaging Parents' Support for Emerging Technologies in the Classroom on Wed, Feb. 17 at 2:00 PM Eastern.
About to order some TRU wear from that nigga get ya summer shit up
OMG! I found my keys!! This is an omen. I don't have to let go of 2011 afterall.
i get confused between the Civil Wars and the Cold War Kids a lot.
bought a new eos lip balm. :) i got the green one this time.
Good Morning Family RISE & SHINE ITS #FITNESS TIME!!!. Its a New Month!!! If you didn't start your #nutrition (cont)
Got a new shipment of jewelry supplies - let the creating begin :-)
you still are
No more work until next year! WOO HOOOO!
Its just to much for me.
Nevermind some of the bad teams he's pitched for that have contributed to his record being one game under .500
Emotions run too high. Thanksgiving no-nos: Politics, religion, Diaz/Condit.
think we may sneak a quick beer in at the goat after this session
hehehe! Dahling I just had a "like my status" moment. (sings: like my status if you have a tumblr. A tumblr) lol
back at work today after a week off. tough re-entry.
#gomezpeer....Are all payouts complete for this month?
RT Wish I could be there | : Celebrating #NPGD at the #ABQ BioPark! Beautiful day!”
Ugh too bad I didn't really have a "vacation"
I'm sure there are too few to list.
Yeah, I'm halfway through- will see if I can find other resources to help us along. But totally functional.
Man...I Want Some Lemon Pepper Wings And A Big Ass Jug Of Beer Just Watch The PlayOff
Im one of the weirdest most awkward person you can talk to(:
is a lil snake
": ": Just standing in this bullshit line. #IJustWannaGraduate""
Listening to intvw w Chuck Brown from 5 years ago at site of old Maverick Room. Couldnt go two minutes without fans recognizing, saying hi.
busy has hell.
sometimes i just hate thoese girls who bitch and cry all the fucking time about there boyfriends on twitter! #imsorry but its the truth
Running today was horrible for me, I'm so out of shape its not even funny .-.
how did you do in your racquetbal games against your coworker? how often do you play?
yeah.. knee!
Apparently my dog has already pooped in my room. He's just excited that he gets to see me tomorrow!
Watching Wrestle Mania! Woo
So many great artists on
rocks my soxs of <#
oh thanks Ross, since you definitely know what they are haha
I don't care about WOWP or Devil Inside. All I care about is British boy bands.
HELL wit Fisher he's fake
he was just kidding
I'd be surprised if they privately told Brandon Marshall to tell everybody that Devin Hester is running great routes.
Great musical tonight
I'm learning to fall with no safety net.
aye thanks for the follow :)
sir my kik username is simeone135
2012 New Years Resolutions complete. Got retweeted by .
Maybe it's that I tried once & didn't have service so I thought it didn't work. I'll @ you if I see it again.
had lots of fun with new clients this morning doing some TRX/Kettlebell fusion!
Chris brown sexy af
Hey bitches, if you don't know my best friend, who are you to call her a slut? I've heard a ton rumors about you, too.
How bout dem O's hon. Nice win !
I know. That's why I replied sarcastically.
How many canoes does your papa own? On Craig's List, 2 = my van
Maybe if I get what I don't like, I will like what I didn't want to get!!!!
hey! Still in Brickfields? I added u in BBM
We're currently in a cold war w/ Iran. We shd certainly do all in our power to avoid a hot war. But will it be #WW3? I doubt it.
RT : RT Being a good writer is 3% talent, 97% not being distracted by the Internet. --CYRUS FARIVAR
Toss my salad
haha. Think thrice.
CONGRATS!!!! RT : Hello? Is my life real right now?
if u find it for 500 that's a great deal!!! Make sure it's the t3i and not the t3
to answer your question, no we don't wanna hear it.
Signs you might need iron? Pale skin, brittle or grooved nails, hair loss, irritability, weakness, anemia and those with digestive problems
Don't act sketchy to a real woman. We'll call that shit out on the spot and light your ass up
taper jean girl with a muhnannannn haze
Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Announces First Quarter Financial and Operating Results
...could use the matching shorts and socks!! If not, I'll go with black.
95% are either failing or falling short. What are the 5% doing that the 95% are not?
that was good, i'm really hoping for a tour with you both, you're amazing mr.west and miley.
So the Big 12 has 10 schools, and the Big 10 has 12 schools? hm...
I'll follow the rest of you guys tomorrow when I get back on the computer. :)
Lol has plans everyday(:
#LongIslandMedium why must I always cry when I watch you?!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles - Friends With Benefits .
Hi Sis, yeah unfortunately we lost another one today. May she rest peacefully and live on in her music forever. Peace
Night, Troy.
“: Who playing in the Nba tonight.. Shit boring..”<-------
Motivate - For hope is but the dream of those that wake.
Like. RT : I freeze my H2O w/ #nuun the night b4 so my drink will stay cold the entire run.
Just dropped me off >.<
hey. I'm tryin to eat dinner and you guys put the dummy w the dolls on
We had a really fun time at The Chance tonight. Hope you did too! Thanks to all those who came out and supported at our second show ever!
and a good morning to you.
Whats news brother ?
Yay! MT Congrats You got it! Clamobile is the answer!
congrats you two!! May God bless you two in your marriage
no way!
Go follow :D K?
It had to be you...
I should start carrying around pieces of paper that say "Follow Me! @ and give them to random people.
Wow! Amazing. What will you bring? We need a pic of your suitcase!
the SF buses border on wild animal transit. Literally.
#Browns net from #NFLdraft trade with #Falcons: Phil Taylor, Greg Little, Owen Marecic, Brandon Weeden, plus Trent Richardson tradeup.
you better hope the #brewcrew doesn't get Pavano. Might not bode too well for your scrubbies
and wait, will i see u at all??
Watching #georgetown v #ncstate at the Dubliner
Yes!! RT “: I'll defer to ... non-Bo critics. when Berggren can't check in, then play goes awry, don't you call TO? Get him in?
Oh my god Colton stop. Oh and everyone needs to watch Ave's new video.
Broke both arms about a month ago. difficult to type...hope to be back in a few weeks
Morning Twitter
Let's Sing It Together :D
My Soul Sings!
It is such a nice day out, and I am sitting at my computer :)
Reza, Karegar St. is the Western side of Tehran U. That's why the students have convened there.
There are no traffic jams when you go the extra mile. ~Attributed to both Zig Ziglar and Dr. Kenneth McFarland
Rushers Live For The Rush <U+2665>
That's pretty pathetic!
After breaking up with someone that loves their cat, the best way to hurt their feelings is by saying "P.S. Your cat is ugly."
porfis follow me back
changed again.... >_<
I am pretty sure I have retweeted that same quote that I just retweeted so many times, but it's so true
Glad I picked Norfolk St on my bracket. See I just fill it out as I go.
Mind you, I'm awake with only 3 hours of sleep!
um, idk haha. I don't remember him saying anything about it!
Cool, so you are in the UK.
Cool, thanks! Us too.
I hate country but listening to my friends sing it, makes me enjoy it a little more.
G-" I saw u on Friday and that's a nice surprise! I love your necklace b/c it looks like gobstoppers! I <3 candy necklaces." xo
alright , no doubt
I don't know why anyone would mess with Ashley Judd. She's smarter than most & she can have Wynonna kick your ass
I'm plunging into the twittersphere...finally
Thanks to god
His got in about to SIP on some desarano. And hypnoic wit my girl .....
They need to get Jason Bourne to take him out RT Chris Webb must be stopped now.
all night then mhmmm
I feel neglected too. Boo :(
Congrats to Harrisburg and Toledo for allowing special needs student to hit the shot of his life! We're running the story at 6!
Guys in taco bell tryin to h0lla
Senior Software Developer C++, Java, ActionScript FTE opportunity.
Im Insecure, i know what for, im not turnin heads when i walk through the door. I know i'm not beautiful.
Happy Mothers day! Love you and miss you ma!
how did i do this despicable action with the chevy volt?
What year's the 350Z?
Is there a way for me to join more than one walk now that it is less than a week away?
RT : RT : Q1: Have you found a job lead through in person OR online networking?
Sand castle is gonna be my spot for the summer >>>>
Happy Cinco de Mayo :)
I need some coffee....
I've been watching #Grizzlies #Clippers for at least two minutes and have not seen a Blake Griffin dunk.
I’m hearing the hate but I’m not seeing the hate. You…Oh my God! Did you Botox your face into an expressionless mask?
*sigh yeah!
Why am i stuck on the same nigga , wen I can have better by the next nigga .
Who doesn't love PANCAKES?!
I won't lie. I've snuggled with 's sweatshirts before to help me sleep. DAT AROMA.
Get off FaceTime! Who works on their day off? We have a plane to catch!
We're getting this question a lot, of course. So we r going to lay out the process clearer for folks to see online. stay tuned.
Salsa and tanning my inner spicyness is comin out i wish i could escape to someplace tropical
One of the most epic collapses in Buckeye history
I dunno. x.x;; You can invade my closet tomorrow and find out. If not, we have a guy that can run us to Wal-mart.
Deeeerp? O.o RT : I'm a unicorn.
i just got this... whets good
Haddonfield Beats Haddon Heights Haddonfield running back Chris Dengler and quarterback Dan Ciemniecki talk about the win.
Today, Coop's welcomes the ! They are dedicated to providing BBQ enthusiast with a visionary, beneficial, and responsive association.
One more hour until our Live Music show starts...better hurry and come in and enjoy some great music!
California, here I come!
phenomia..double ear infection...I jus can't catch a break..sorry I take so long to answer but I'm in and out meds make me sleep
we can change that weird sexual encounter part. ;)
how have you been?
Pervs in full force today...
I really enjoyed it especially since and the men won! I would have loved to attend their party :)
cracks me up
Guys you need to follow and they're guy directioners! RT if you respect guy directioners!!!
now will you do me a favor?
I just want to curl up in my bed and watch gossip girl
Nice start #orioles .. Ouch!
will you be my valentine
how'd you do that?!
Shirred Eggs with Black-Eyed Pea Salsa and Collard Greens Recipe from SELF
Thank you Beethoven, Prokofiev, Mendelssohn, and Brahms for making my life so hard lately...
Happy Monday! Hope everyone is having a great day!
hey man! make sure to check out our remastered EP "Break the Ice". its up for download for free :]
wake me up ina few hours for #Bottlebar -
stupid caution for Krul considering there's 10 more mins to go.
can i get a followback? :P show appreciation!
Just got to school
#tinboxboutique at the Atwater Farmers Market..Sunday bright and early 10am! See you there east side!!
Grandpa had a heart attack. God I love life -,,-
Why don't they ever say anything about the varsity baseball team on the announcements?
In war, events of importance are the result of trivial causes. - Julius Caesar
Your new album sounds risque! I'm guessing it wouldn't happen about drugs or escorts, now would it? :)
Music producer is planning to release an instrumental #mixtape & needs a #dj to #host it.
just got ur email. If you can get me the post by this afternoon, great! If not, no biggy! :)
Back in the CLE baby
"What feels better love or pussy?"
I see that. Just.. i don't know ... go take a bath. Maybe that will calm you.
Looks like i'll be at the Toga party!
E..I'm missing my hot, loving bf Kevin so much. I feel so empty w|out him. I'd do anything to be w|him right now. #iMissYouBabe. :'(
no its not.
Thanks for the follow beautiful!
Awoke by the thunder.
And welcome back ;)
When you think about it, any of us could go just like that.
& I'll say how long will you tell me to wait for you. & That's what I am gonna do.
-2...They've won 4 out of 6 and the last two.
damn it I knew I should have went with brown! Now my turn to quiz you!
Some lucky follower might have a chance to spend 2 nights comp in Las Vegas on the strip follow us on twitter and facebook for more updates
Eight doobies to the face, fuck that
Is unionization about people or ions?
I reckon he would be a worthy CEO. A great beard of history in the making.
Lots of big baskets by Bron in the 4th, but let's wait to hear the detractors say no.
My #p90x & #asylum 30 day hybrid starts today. Working w to prep for Summit!
Still looking for that perfect lunch? Find it at Oz Korean BBQ! Mongolian Beef for only $8.50 or Spicy Ginger Shrimp for $9.50!
my friends remind me EVERYDAY that i am stupid :p thanks guys
Why try to fit in when you were born to stand out?
Rainy day <U+2614>= movie daay <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
You are almost done!!! So proud of you!!! You can do it!! #WeBelieve!!!
Have the #Twins clinched the #1 pick in the draft yet????
Last tweet: Meant that's why digital communications are only one piece. (20% of adults not on Internet - even more not using social media.)
anybody looking forward to the Oscars?
Totally open today!!!
Dr. Murray has been formally charged in connection w/MJ's death in L.A. last June.
Agreed. It's a battle for our eyeballs, here's hoping it drives stronger research into posts in time.
Someone was just asking me for something like this the other day! Thanks for the great resource!
watching spongebod with my nephew :-)
we are running in the Baltimore running festival tomorrow too! Good luck, hopefully the weather is better than it was today!
You're an adult you don't need to caught up the high school initials after everything... Fuck.. C.u.n.t !
thanks for the mention- you're funny :)
keeps getting #autoaccident/#mva patients. Luckily, under #Chiropractic care, they get much better sooner than going to their MD!
There are some 28 different descriptions of the pulse. Examination of the pulse is an important method of diagnosis in TCM
I don't hate you ! For the record :)
love u all! had such a great time!RT: Home& sleepy from a wonderful weekend in Cinci
are you at ghc?
hah you're not the only one. A lot is going on though.
We've been experiencing technical difficulties. Sorry about that. There's a new review and a FPSF Day One preview up now.
Happy for Octavia Spencer! I hope Viola Davis wins her nomination too..
If it's not worth putting on twitter then it's not worth saying.
happy birthday girl !!
i love to laugh at people who Chokin' the Chicken , too funny
Sometimes you just have "one of those days" and you need to give into it. Unfortunately, I just don't have that option today.
6 am flights. Ugh ugh ugh.
Time for #GLEE!! So excited.
My night just got better!! Though still kind of bummed the storm isn't worse.
Follow your home city back
Going to record a video singing a song I wrote soon its called *Beautiful*
any chance you're sending someone to #sxsw? I've got a sticky domain issue I'd like to discuss
I don't come second to no bitch..
No school tomorrow and I go visit my cousins in San Antonio all weekend!!!!(:
The immaturity and ignorance on this social network >
Tonight - DJ Justin George & DJ G will be playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Dancelcub
Best of luck to tonight! Love you,
Romney got it right there! Santorum is not authentic (but Romney is also not a conservative.)
#Advertisers are you aware of Q1 deceptive advert law decisions, #NAD decisions and #FTC actions. Where are you getting your info from?
So guys, I'm sorry but, is my boyfriend now.. <3
Thanks for the follow! Look forward to reading your tweets!
Excited for this Most def can't sleep. There's too much to prepare for. This tour will go hard.
There was never a Bobcat Goldthwait Happy Meal toy. There was a toy for the Disney character "Pain".
Had a great meal there yesterday but I wish there was corn bread and comfortable chairs.
RT : "Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder." ~Rumi
Love Larry Brown as coach but looking at his college track record plus SMU history. Could be a perfect match for future Mustang probation.
i got a heavy grind ....my whole camp on my back ..plus my responsiblies...but wat can't break me ...only gon make me ...GARILLA FAMILY REC.
yeah that trade really worked out for us!
I love your bio.
Hopin from bandwagon to bandwagon! Its sad the hate I see on FB and twitter.
: oops sorry....accidental tweet :)
How is Jake's? I saw it from the bus yesterday, and it looks good now that I see the menu.
Just let me know I have some good underground stuff to play for you guys. & Yes FULL ON hahahah fuck the DL
Bulls taking Game 1 ;D
sooty, I may or may not have been stalking you as well(;
Can't control life
Love the Red Zone Channel on Sunday Ticket. It's super football for NFL orphans.
In need of a haircut
Well, it appears that ME3 started a bit of an Internet riot, so maybe it should rank high on your scale.
thnx for the update!
plus they could introduce Hank Pym and Ultron, right ?
here's a contradiction: how can i feel sorry for an aging superstar, Derek Jeter, who's making about 17 million dollars a year???
I think S*@$ Dean Says has potential to outsell and be funnier then - and much more language/topic friendly
Yeah that would definitely suck!
haha. I wouldn't go that far. but damn. missed a wide open 17 footer. then misses the free throw.
well I cheated about nomnomniall because LMAO
Night all time for a little shut eye!! Z's sleep well & dream big!
Flirting with my fingers
Hey You THERE ! My favorite 2008 song by Solija Boy ><
"The golden rule for every business man is this: Put yourself in your customer’s place." Orison Swett Marden
Is it Friday yet?
I'm 17, not quite that #legal age bro.
Really fun...instinctive player RT dude bryce is so fun to watch. Holy cow, that was sweet.
CUMMILLION HAS REACHED HER CLIMAX!
This whole thing Is driving me crazy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Gonna play basketball tomorrow get better even though im the best
Stupid sealed classes. YOU ARE NOT SMARTER THAN EVERYONE WHO COMES AFTER YOU
this movie is getting intense.
sounds like you finally found something to do
Why in the hell would people take Methadone willingly? This is the worst drug hangover ever.
That may prove to be easier than getting the phone replaced!
Good morning and happy Monday, tweeps! It's time for some #ux #design fun !
illustrated "Six Sheep Sip Thick Shakes: and Other Tricky Tongue Twisters" - a really FUN book from Millbrook Press
How the hell does someone think it's ok to abort a baby after its born? If that's ok I purpose the ability to abort stupid grown ups!
We can't wait to see you in this season of #Jerseylicious!
Thank #ICMA2011 for great conference. Looking forward to 2012 Phoenix.
7 MORE FOLLOWERS UNTIL I GET TO 100 PLEASE HELP
Short interview? Make it work for you with brief, clear, memorable quotes and stories.
How are things going?
Alot to do today and i just dont want to get out f bed...
I feel like I've been living the last two days in fast-forward. Feels GOOD to literally sit here doing nothing.
Only 2 days till opening day at Busch Stadium!
One word to describe that game: DEFINITIVE. Real Madrid are for all intents & purposes 2012 La Liga Champions after a brilliant performance
*Facebook* Ashely: Ew I'm so ugly! Eric: No your not your hot! Ricky:AUBREY IS HOTTER THAN YOU!! Bobby:Your hot well Aub. Hotter. Me:Yes.
for real?
Agree to disagree. I just don't think all of that should be discussed in the media.
you went skiing in grade school once maybe?!?
the only thing that is ever "too soon" was you being pussy enough to even care if people unfollow you.
More apt, maybe? Do I feel flab in it? Awful thing! But lovely question.
I always get sleepy on Sunday evenings
Fill in the blank space with Lorem ipsum
This is very exciting.
Contact for all your catering needs. Special events, celebrations, personal chef and more...
Thanks to for retweeting the news about the Maritime Ghost Conference with her followers. :)
Haha I knoww I'm sorry. I think they know how I feel. I can't believe you didn't stop by my office! No excuses next time :)
everything happens for a reason but they all blessings if u stressed then pick ur head up
This MARC train tonight is jerking around more on stops than DC Metro under manual control
2 NYC# high school# or college# internships#. Famous Real Estate Development and management group.Contact;
That is good to hear.... How was our Christmas and New Year?
i wonder who looks better in the morning. Me or jennifer aniston?
Ashleigh Mccormick, i like it.
Ozzie Guillen suspended five games by the Marlins - He is going to spend them in Cuba on vacation at Fidel's private villa in Varadero
o i think i have that
rain, rain. never ever go away!
excellent! Btw - passed through your stomping grounds yesterday.
The American citizens have every right to express their opinions in the voting booth in November
Anisimov earns straight A's for Rangers There are only two Ranger forwards with more points this postseason than Artem Anisimov, a 23-yea
#Prenatal yoga every Sunday at 12:15
These Taylor Gang members be living the life.
My day off & I gots nothing to do
Blessings headed my way!!! =D
I'm concerned about Lana Del Ray, I feel like she may actually have a hearing problem.
G.M.N.I.: Can you survive a metallic bitchslap?
I know I should ask a question about tonights show but your house looks really cool!
T-shirts, koozies, flash drives or whatever you dream up, we produce & print!!
I was thinking about a career change... Maybe a flight attendant but the uniform would need to be much tighter
I almost had a near death experience. Now I am completely life continuing.
what record is dat?
Want to start the summer off right? Contact me for a complimentary health and wellness assessment!
What's with this #netflix lawsuit? It seems I shouldn't have to opt out of this...
sorry. Thought she was at least 12
is this your new scent?
Spain Tomorrow
And I was glad to not have to ever say, "Well, sorry to cut you off, but we have to move on to . . . ."
Application to be Your Local Furniture Store ADD US ON FACEBOOK for the details.
Craving some Sushi from Ruby Foo's...
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success
Saw #hungergames yesterday. Interesting concept of a distopia future. Why do they still use coal though? I thought it was the 22nd century?
That awkward moment when someone says "you guys should go out" and in your mind you're thinking , "im working on it"
Spoke to the Murphy Chamber of Commerece today at thier monthy luncheon on the topic of "What Keeps You Up at Night" It went well.
That. Is. Awesome.
E-mail sent. Take a look when ever you can.
Just finished listening to Dr. Steve Perry talk about the importance of making a difference in students' lives.
The Reds have 3 hits in 11 innings. The cleanup hitter is batting just above .100. Not good.
"i am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together" -Lennon, you are needed.
We have to have a little fun. ;). Thanks for enjoying our sense of humor and for flying with us here at MKE. Happy travels!
on my list of things we have to do when you visit!
can someone help me become a professional singer o/s please bbgs c:
Jonah Hill looks better now that he's skinny. Not the case with Al Roker.
I just like you alot
Yeah, I hate Luke Scott lol
Finna let him go.
I've got so much shit to do it's not even funny.
omg i miss you <3
Thanks. I was thinking I should attend. I know I'll regret it if I don't. Your events are the best.
U saw my puppy right she passed tho o. Easter
I'm hungry.
no plans for Thanksgiving or don't want to spend TOO much time with your lovely family?? well..We'll be open at 5 pm on Burbank!
Watchin the game!
Those rings mean they're moving to Naperville. Chicago is still all yours.
A pat on the back is only a few vertebrae removed from a kick in the pants. But it is miles ahead in results. – Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Okay text me when you're done and I'll let you know where we're at! 954 801 4020
was the 7 hitter
Looking for a single ticket for game 4 tomorrow (Thursday). Let me know if you know of one available...
coarse haha she made the funniest sound ever xD
thank you so very much!!!
Rizz is the media industry's savior
NORTH AMERICAN TOUR COMMENCES DESPITE MY BEST ...
Whatever happened to the Presidential Debates? I still want to see Romney and Paul go at it.
Springtime means blossomed flowers and new opinions lol
What Website Did You Get Your Phone From Again?
hi hi you should reply to this
Got It :D I Sent The Picture!
Thank you so much!
hey Erica! I'm great. Love Boston. Looking forward to the 150th! How're you?
hope you had a perfect day! if you have time, can you check your DMs please!? <3
you can still be a big fan, but u way cheated. It's like showing up 4 Chuck vs the Other Guy & saying "they're finally together"
After 2 years of huffin' and puffin' I finally did the wheel tonite in yoga! Just for a few seconds, with my head off the ground! Whoohooo!
I told my friend Beth (via the FB) that I wish my entire life was like pop-up videos. I've thought about it, and yep, I stand by that.
...thanks so much for the Barca interview...
i am following you
Phew. Back in Phoenix, 16 hour travel day to get here - and the flight was on time! Six mile run to loosen up, then back to work.
MISS U A WHOLE BUNCH!!!!!
I'm slow ya'll what does rofl mean?
que fancy!
oh cool :) i always wanted to live there...
I'm looking forward to joining you at SNHU!
I wanna be a #TT so #RT this #UhhhLayNuh . :)
“: Emotional tweeters drive me nuts.”
Jerry Sand is called up from A.
and Where you we`ll fallow! we`ll fallow we`ll fallow!!!
it was called simps bbq, but its no longer there
Ugly first half. Bulls up 35-26 at HALFTiME.
Its raining hard as hell now & this thunder & lightning is crazy...
Im too young to be sleepn all the damn time
Excited that my new book, “I Get To!”®, The Power of Perspective is due to arrives next week just in time for my Int't Conference!!! YAY! :)
He couldn't get any money out because he had the passenger put the card in the machine and the dumb ass kept putting it in the wrong way.
This time via the HBP as opposed to BB.
It's too bad the Mavs couldn't raise the banner over the Bulls tonight.
One thing you should know abt me: I have absolutely no composure when sex-ed geeking out. So found out the training doc from the CDC.
DYNASTY IS NOW $30 BECAUSE OUR CONTESTANTS OVER 600 VOTES IN LESS THAN 24HOURS! OUTRAGEOUS!
ugh I'm so sorry that's no fun! I hope she feels better soon! Jj is getting something too
Happy Halloween, from all of us here at The SCoop! I guess you can get your candy fix AND your entertainment fix today... :)
Yea I heard you like the wild ones ;)
lmk when its ready n send me youtube link
More people need to take their Nanas to the
Happy National Dessert Day! Enjoy something that will most certainly get stuck in your beard!
But even the sun sets in paradise...
tattoos can be dangerous like that
yeah you should see my knees haha #soembarrassing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Two presentations today but they should be easy! :) Kinda excited for today!
WHy did you drop my ass Walters?!
Tell me what it takes, to be #1? Did you realize that you are a CHAMPION, in their eyes?
“: DM me your email address please so we can set this up :)”~ Done:) xo
A perfect #AlohaFriday...exciting play , alfresco lunch at gorgeous home on the course and Chard in our glass!
yeah, you appeared to be in the zone! Getting that lift on lol
OH I want some deets
thanks for the RT!
Up and on my grind that iPhone money calling my name#RacksWitNo1's
Ha Ha, where are you tonight? Studying?
watchin a movie
Never take things for granted. I'm the king of that
When someone tries to act like something their not. <<<<
THIS TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY ONLY! #PayWhatYouCan for HAHA! (8pm tomorrow) and So.( 8pm Wednesday) Two great stories with great casts
However, the spirit of our restaurant has not changed as it is now run by the original employees that have been there from the beginning.
Now I want Seafood. BUT Live in BFE Kentucky so I have to just Drool LOL
thank you for bring such class & style to the world.
I didnt sleep at all
Thanks for the RT! Happy writing.
Practically invisible
Our growing softness, our increasing lack of physical fitness, is a menace to our security
It feel like a friday .
The heart and tone are definitely there.
God must inflict failure before he can bring about success.
That dirt bike is a whore....a whore that cut my leg!
Guerilla Marketing Campaigns only appear to be unstructured and spontaneous. While creative, they are really built on clear goals,...
I love watching novelas with my dad. He gets so much into it, he ends up yelling at the tv. Haha
Why do i find myself fighting to get your attention
#Greysanatomy has me hooked! Definitely a show worth watching! Thank goodness for
I'm nearly 50% sold out and we're still in early bird pricing! I ::heart:: Seattle.
#EBUS118 There is a lag, hit refresh, it helps.
If you were going to shoot a mime, would you use a silencer?
good excuse . you can even dance .
You are awesome LA! Thanks...
couldn't happen to better city and fans, suck it Boston
#Brooklyn rest stop on the #5borobike. 3 Boros down. BQE and the Verrazano coming up.
On this date: In 1607, English colonists arrived by ship at the site of what became the Jamestown settlement in Virginia
what Ping? Are you into golf?
"If you put everything off until you're sure of it, you'll get nothing done." ~Norman Vincent Peale
Fun Fact- the comic 'The Avengers' is also now a feature film.
Thank you! :)
thanks for the follow!
Finally, back on Twitter, had a real busy 2 weeks, havent gotten on much!! Did I miss anything?!
From 1858, the Pepeekeo area around Hu Honua has been the industrial hub for Hawaii Island—producing farm animals, sugar, electricity etc
wat up bra
come and see for yourself! Absolutely fab!
Lighters will b smash of the summer in the D n beyond if I have anything to do with it. And I do
I have a surprise for all my readers in about five minutes!!:)
Is at home watchin the Trayvon Martin story on B.E.T
How does someone just walk into a saloon to get an updo with out an appointment an hour before their sweet 16?
You should check out "American Teacher". It's a great doc playing LA and NY this week, but hoping it gets support.
thank you
Hey , we're headed your way this evening to take in dinner and a show. Looking forward to it!
Sacha Baron Cohen is one annoying guy. And I am not saying I'm easily offended or he isn't funny...he's just annoying.
Happy 5 year wedding anniversary to my hubby!! Love him bunches & feel so blessed to have him in my life <3
yes. It's necessary!
Day/Time? I know papa spreed is out b/c hes coaching hockey all weekend.
- the Mister GoLightly next on the menu - - - just waiting to select the proper spirits (wink-wink)
Did she say buttah sock? Is that a sock? Full of buttah?! <U+E022>
yeah thats true! Im already glad that hes comming to europe!
Come in and join our #mugclub!
This dinner is going to be epic. Food by Govind Armstrong with wine paired by Can't wait!
So. 3 month intervals between Miami and Indy sounds like my future. Make sure to book a tattoo soon. my availability has been cut in 1/2...
Work out/Clean the house to M.I.A ,shower, bus to grandparents house, get ready for prom, 's HS POETRY FINAL, then junior prom!
We produce, print & manufacture CDs, DVDs & custom tees & have any promo product you need, but making you more margin is our mission.
PLEASE FOLLOW
Ah, I like the genius title, lol. Boots are killers, aren't they. Thanks for your service to our country, I really appreciate that!
Little known fact: Bo's Dad, Felix, played varsity baseball all 4 yrs at UH. lettered all 4; 1st baseman, 1948 - 1952. #GoCoogs!!
If I bring them today, there's gonna be some stuff missing on them, but they're gonna be free on Monday, All of em
So I guess today will be one of those days where I work on three proposals at once instead of actually getting anything done...
I would have been PISSED!
I wish people would realize their vote does matter.
thanking for following us!
Sometimes the best thing to say is nothing - some people are not even worth your words.
Fish Fry smells nice.
Breast Cancer Survivor or participant in #Komen? Thoughts on Komen funding cut to PP? Looking to interview you.
My pleasure. I hear your radio spots all the time. Great brand presence, Joe.
Saw a giant silverback gorilla today at the comozoo. Looked right into his eyes. We were having a moment ..then he shoved poop in his mouth.
Re: #CraftBeer: "This isn't just about beer. It's about jobs, it's about the economy. It's about innovation." ~
That's what I thought.
doing my hair right now. straight it. make a funky hairstyle. back on twitter. coffee. and tweet. follow me and let's tweet.
was sitting with her friends and thought of you. Everyone asked "Why are you smiling" I said, "No reason" and smiled even bigger.
What #topshot fans out there thought it unfair that Chris shot at lt blue targets while Will shot at bright orange targets?
#RIPMCA Gone way too soon.
Only one month until #SIPADC. Looking forward to seeing all my B2B colleagues for a great discussion.
Victory is always sweet, especially when you use your own efforts to earn it.
it used to be, sure. Our tame winter meant continuous construction. I drove through it.
Hey- I just saw dragon tattoo movie too! They changed the ending a bit right? It's been awhile since read the book. Cool opening.
Let me illegally nest comments please
Come on in for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm! Enjoy a good laugh and treat yourself to our great food & drink specials.
TEE-BOW!!!!!!!! Say what you want, the Kid gets it done!
...Life should be touched, not strangled. You’ve got to relax, let it happen at times... - Ray Bradbury
one of my coworkers said that book is so good that she has been stressing out because of it.
family time is the best haha I don't do that
"We succeed only as we identify in life, or in war, or in anything else, a single overriding objective"
I love getting calls from my nana, she is just the sweetest <3
Nothing lol, i hav not talked to you in a while!
Spanish class is always fun
Glee as walk-up music at game. That's different.
if on the path to achieving your goal you hit a road block, use your brain and figure out another way!!
We can't go on together, With suspicious minds, And we can't build our dreams, On suspicious minds...
I'm great! What time is the open mic? How r u?
Della ... I saw it and thought degraded and dishonored
What the fuck, Kobe? Man, do you want the 6th ring or not!
i miss watching Fresh Prince
yeah for sure
yes, the beat the Highlanders (Yankees) 7-6 in 11 innings!
Reality is a prison
Now do your part and help raise some awareness to this bastard and help make a difference!
lol #clocked gives you side eye. No me mires!
wait I can do better
Friday the 13th..Trey Grimm 6pm, Richard Shaten come request your favorites!
im impressed
Who works out in strappy sandals?!?!? They are very cute...but still!!!
*stroking my chin thoughtfully* I haven't asked. Perhaps this is a question for Miss
I'll give a full report if anything comes of it :)
ha yup I sure did:)
Hero of the day: Joe Biden re: gay marriage. It's about time, you know?
me too darling :)
local Caps fan about to win another Alms race for Getting warmed up for 24Lemansrace
*hangs her head in shame* Ive never seen it....I dnt watch much tv tho, I am always working/writing on laptop.
who's your biggest man crush? ... like who do you think is the sexiest man alive :)
dw i wont do anything with it :')
at citi bank we will meet accidentally, we'll start to talk when I borrow your pen
Must be off--editing play date with author in an hour and much to do in too little time. Be good to each other.
My C-Town wish is a big one. A snowless January! and Kyrie makes the all start team. not sure which is the bigger stretch.
This guy has AMAZING TALENT!!! FOLLOW HIM.
Intervention season finale. Let the games begin.
If it's true that Zimmerman PURSUED #Trayvon, I wouldn't consider that "standing his ground" vs. an attacker.
We are installing and artifacts at the Harley-Davidson Museum. Bike, jacket and shield. Love the stories
Thanks for supporting our #VUDH conference!
Thanks for the #FF !!
talk with Len Bergstein about the #MayorsRace in #PDX Who will be the top 2? or ?
I am heading downtown to take part the Grand Opening of newest location!
Cleveland auto show Honda booth!
They gave him over a hundred million to blow on mediocrity (Carroll, Henderson, Downing, Adam) and he finished 8th.
“: Yeah, Nene was a great guy, but he was passive when it mattered. Shit. You're lying if you think otherwise.” Amen!
you have to send me a song list!!
gona have to visit there! and sorry if I've been annoying or anything
Not going to that throat singer<<<<
My first tweet! This could be awesome!
Lockout must be hurting a few players. Mediatakeout main story is about Derrick Rose refusing to pay a prostitute. Now who's being greedy?
“: I’m holding back because I feel like I’m starting to like you more and more everyday.”
I am jealous
RT : Headed to airport to pickup Patson, Nkosi, Pierre, & Papa Deo. Hard to believe.
As a fan, I'm actively cheering against to win the EA Sports NHL '13 cover.
My nephew is very entertaining. Translation: not much will get done for the next few hours.
I need to unpack first! So many damn boxes, but I'm thinking on doing something late April.
Lol he says your #creepy and how do you see him?(x does your niece/nephew go to Burbank or what?
RT : Being with sissy is the best! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Xerox Corp's Regina Testa presents "The New Business of Communications… Opportunities for Printers" on Fri., Mar. 2 at 10:30 am
Dear Travis barker. I will rip your tonsils out for you and you WILL play fucking bamboozle.
girl in my class: sucks!!! ME: FUCK YOU, YOU FUCKING FUCK
!RT : A girl with a good attitude >>>>
I KNOW!!! CNN just showed the winner of the annual hotdog contest. Dude looked like he was about to die.
Decoherence-protected quantum gates for a hybrid solid-state spin register (Santa Barbara, Calif.) –– A protocol for controlling quan
There's a Miami Heat play offs game, so the locals have taken up residence! So many TVs in this bar!/.
Come on, I'm Dean. And my hands are so clean. At this moment I am STAP-A-LING!
I'm trying <3
“: To all my dust bunnies in #NC vote NO on #Amendment1 #AgainstAmendmentOne equal rights for all”
chiefs chiefs chiefs
sure followed ya h
Thank you for the kind words!
BAM! 22 of 25 of my latest updates on facebook were about the changes. Wow, people do not like change, myself included. But I'll adjust.
*MY life. Idiot :)
#Publican house made charcuterie is amazing. Cheers to #Cosmo. Love the morteau #sausage. Head cheese also wasn't afraid.
yes, final exam is due by 7:00 tomorrow night.
seriously. It's not just an idiot parade. It's a lazy idiot parade which I think is worse.
Thanks for watching!!!
Aw Yeah
Another very #warm and #breezy day for #NewMexico! I'll tell you if we can expect that to change in the next week tonight on KOB 4!
Control your video and audio input with Visimeet's personal controls
Great day today, got things done loving
I really want some!!! Hope the bloody marys are good!
I am inlove with new remix. I lalalalalove it ! <21
add Denver to the tour!!
Just made 200 in 2 min
Good morning Omniture, it's been a while. Let's party!
Still looking for packaging/plastics-related angles in tornado-ravaged Missouri and Oklahoma
she deserves to be shunned
I was a terror since the public school era
Just training for the weekend, officer.
I catch myself slippin sometimes. Cannot let that happen.
Prefer water-based lube? We've got 16oz for only $22.95! www.m2lubricants.com Should get you through the weekend. ;)
Watching the season of Hells Kitchen that my current sous chef was on - hilarious!
Hey man check out some of the men's stuff by Native Son in the gallery section of my website!
...i cant feel a damn thin
Subtweet about me one more time Zac I dare you.
fair enough. Complete set in the catalog section of horns and rhythm. I'll send link when back from lunch.
Is the snow going to melt away soon?
Someone come in right now so I can graduate on time. Anyone.. ill do anything
love to swing by and chat, grab a coffee maybe
The Fox Valley meeting is April 16, Milwaukee meeting is April 19. Both from 3:30-6pm. Join or test drive:...
great seeing you and meeting Kenny all the best bro
I'm rarely on g chat, alas. Not planning on going to Annual this year.
Damn it I wanted the Knicks to get swept. Oh well they'll be done next game
RT : Walt Disney World, the Contemporary! -> NICE! Hope you're enjoying it. :-)
Shout from the roof tops: We need to undo Citizens United--by Constitutional Amendment or Constitutional Convention.
#GoodGame Everyone, Maybe Next Time
You're most welcome Bob. Hope you have a great weekend!
possibilities to tonight: 1) pass out in a random location 2) punch someone/something 3) cry and whine endlessly 4) all of the above
Omg. Same here! They look so different!
My Aspie son asked her for her phone number, but she said it was broken. He asked me if he got rejected. I said, "Yes."
The Voice: "The contestants are singing for their lives! Losers are shot with potato bazookas."
Dear men of NYC: Please stop being creepers
Seeking connections with Large-Event Planners. Introductions would be appreciated!
Great shot!
RT : Wonder if at Deron's press conference, Avery will say he's finally got the quarterback he wanted...like he said at Kidd's.
So sore and tired and cramping up.
aw shucks :)
and the madness begins!!!! Don't forget we have Gift Certs available for all you last minute shoppers!
Listening to Peter Murphy's "Deep" cd. Still a fantastic cd 20 years out. (Can't believe it's been 20 years.) Now I'm feeling old.
Thanks to all who came out and bought jewelry from me!!! was an amazing event! Looking forward to many more!!!
Take it easy! lol
My MMOD feed of VCU-Wichita switched to MLB Network before that shot.
#AlexFollowMe (: it would make my day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Bitch I'm the shit
What a great conversation with Governor Patrick last night! There will be a repeat this Saturday on Martha's Vineyard. Come and join us!
I don't want to start any wars or anything I just don't understand why its weird. Yours is a page for you.. mine is for the belt.
What a day, What a day! I think I need to do some shopping to take my mind off things. Yes, that's what I'll do. I'll be at the Mall. Later!
Glad to connect on twitter!
UCONN will be a tough out if they get past Iowa State.
Yes I had my pic taken by the lovely Did you also attend the #noh8 shoot?
my fingers are broken and I be doing a whole bunch of stuff like my fingers aren't broken!
“It’s all about intimacy with Him…There is nothing better than His presence." -
Ha! Bruce?! Wish I had that #sxsw media badge you're swinging but i don't! Keep up the great work!
That sounds really interesting. I look forward to reading it.
Okc is good.
if it's a west coast thing.. idfk, that's the only thing that came to mind.
me too haha
And as soon as magically appears, she disappears
Awake..who's up? Wow.
Great stories tonight on #rockcenter include #hcr and
The Israeli music at #SXSW Festival continues today starting w/ at 7:15p at the Firehouse Lounge (6th & Brazos).
I loved it!
I love that dog lol.
np thank you for following back did you get a chance to check out my music ? =))
I'll take a business person that has to face employees with a payroll as I have. It grounds one, no pie in the sky.
I LOVE your avi!!!
I like you.
please follow me:)
Over The Limit bigger than The Rock vs. John Cena? Yeah, this guy is smoking something serious.
Thanks man.
Thanks dude, it was great finally meeting you.
Wow this bengals ravens is exciting
Am I the only one that hears "I've got to move that 'gina" instead of Moves Like Jagger ? TMI about your vagina, dude.
yes but they are flooded...trying to get back to everyone as best we can...
Lock all windows when you're away from home, even if it's just for a few minutes
Los Angeles!!!
My school put out boxes hoping kids would just give the books back for free. Bunch of cheap skates
Skanska AB to expand in industrial and power construction, lessen emphasis on government projects. ://bit.ly/v0bULO
- Here is a person/company that took the time to create a logo just for their twitter account. This is an innovative trend.
There will Never be enough!!!
Lisa Sun: Skillset for finance & consulting similar, but consulting requires strategic mindset, finance demands focus on action
Coming tonite, hope to try it! RT : Taqueria: New Beet Salad on the menu- Roasted Beets with Sorrel and Sikil Pak. Yummy for spring
Up early, on my way to CT to close a chapter of my life that never officially started.
hahaha yes it is!! Lol and here I was thinking u were gonna get me a present !! Lol
last chance to vote for our wonderful HerCampus homecoming nominees...Hannah Kay Hunt, Jackie Swoyer, and Roman Nelson!!
I am curious as to how is she going to wake up in half an hour
Headed back to BFE. Been in Lex today...shopping.
Bill Raftery and Gus Johnson make me want to cut my ears off.
Jon lester you fuckin blow! Redsox have done nothin but get you leads all year and you just give it right back...
I can't believe is leaving Texas<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>... It's for the best I guess<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>...
What company says this, but I'd hold off.. Holiday sale coming soon.. Needed to get some inventory issues worked out first! :)
RT : rumors have the #Rockies hot for Youk and Lars Anderson...throw the #Reds in the mix too
PEACE! THANKZ FOR THE SHOUT FAM!
OMG YOU FELL FOR PHIL MCKRACKEN. CLASSIC.
It is so beautiful!
You're in for a treat! just gave us all MFAs, so the show is just...it's at a whole new level :-)
"can't get enough"
I thought it was this Wednesday
Plus there are WAY more people who are never coming through the door, aren't there?
Presenting at #SNAP09 was a treat, great audience, good dialog. #WORM almost home
Simmons College Radio welcomes all new students ! On today's agenda: Buy books, and plan out this semester's radio events! :)
verify this account it is an official fan base twitter
Text "Haiti" to 90999 to donate. 100% of your $10 donation passes thru to for Haiti relief. Your cell carrier keeps nothing
please check DMs! =)
Hugs to my Twitter friends
For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation.
Family time :) <3
Happy Friday Ms. Johnson :-)
Yonkers kids are stupid. -_- Everyone is going to be talking about it tomorrow. Smh. Dat shit cray~_~
Does anyone have data on student participation in class discussions?
oh no I'm so sorry
stuffing ingredients prepped. pies ready to be baked. taters ready to be peeled. gonna be come good smells around this apartment tomorrow.
Thanks for coming out to the town hall and happy hour, had a great time discussing here's to another 50!
thanks for watching! Check out A Taste of History on facebook & follow on twitter
You're very welcome.
"Speak the promises of God over the storms of your life." Awesome word from Love the transparency brother.
too soon? Oh, sorry....
Just got my order from Torrid, in the mail yesterday! Yayy!! #TEAMFOLLOW BACK
Any plans record store day?
true but can you handle all the rules lol
Wrong! That's my wife! ;)
exactly! Love basketball players.....SEXY!!!! lol
come on kottaras!
please follow me:)
hells yeah! Awesomeness at it best luv!
#Colorado faith influencers in April's :
You make my dreams come true.
hopin everybody had a happy 4th! Back to the spacement for more work. See us: The end july 14, 12th & porter july 18
don't worry baby I well sell a body part
Now my muscles won't have time to repair and rebuild themselves! :|
Fuck u #CTA and your messed up routines making me late!
@ indianapolis children's museum with the kiddos
Back on the plane. Yea! Boys doing well. With the delay, we were able to eat
give up on M Ryan? Killin me have Tebow/Grossman but both on bye Campbell/Cassel/Grossman still avail
I almost forgot my lunch again today. Where's a mom when you need one :P
Besides the fact that I don't know what NOH8 is....awesome! We should get together in your fiercest outfit and makeup of course!
Anyone near #Tampa? Don't miss & the Underdawgs at 's #Heatwave TOMORROW at 10p Cuban Club Bandshell on the Patio
Woke up feeling awful. Took the morning off from work. @ my desk now. Department meeting this afternoon. OutMusic open mic tonight!
What the?
Great to see all the traffic on The Communications Blog today. Thanks to everyone who is reading and Tweeting. We're having a blast!
has a decision to make. And too much homework.
What are you wearing there pal! I do like your hat!
Don't forget to check out the first annual coffee roast today! 10-2
How good would #ty chandler look in a #bucks uni sigh
Seeing singing in the band show made me feel so proud. This is only the beginning.
Sad day, the Crystal Lite Slurpee machine was out of order...whom whomp
Thanks! I hope so too.
Nobody bumps better than Ziggler.
me too! ... They say I can't have b/c she doesn't like black guys..... I say "Who doesn't like black men" :) lol
We got an A.F.R
Woo we are going to Disney!!!
Indeed, that is what I meant. 11 years ago, I was 15...only 3 months away from getting my driver's license!
95% of people begin to laugh at his joke, before to tell it to someone ...
Good times about to begin here in the GSB.
please dont get mad :( Its just that its my only acc... Im sorry :[
RT : $2 billion is still $2 billion, Joe. It's not "phffft.it's only $2 billion"
My order from is getting shipped tomorrow! Hell all my spring polka dot must-haves.
Cool iPhone App for Rackspace Cloud. Can resize a cloud server from your iPhone. I tried it and it works.
Opened a monster and it somehow exploded on my keyboard. HOW THE FUCK IS THAT POSSIBLE.
"Your supporters are more influential than they realize!" - Brad Fitch
wifey and I had a great time Saturday afternoon at the Winton Road Location!
Woman on bus explaining in loud aggrieved voice that she is being sarcastic.
It's been an Iced Mocha kinda day! This humidity is brutal!!!
Guess our modes of travel all pale in comparison...
Dennis: The University is a huge employer, the contractors want to maintain their position.
you are my
I'm a beast it's whatever
Marveling how good my co-author can write a robot war fight.
Dig it. Our band-aids are skateboards.
Anything promoting good grammar is worth a RT!! Doing well up here in Point. Dog and job keeping me busy. Cheers!
wow im being followed by one handsome guy in particular! hm :)
HITTING JET LOUNGE TONIGHT..
Watching Hangover 2!! 20 minutes in & I am laughing my a$$ off, I don't care if it the same story!!
I'm going to have to start caring about football just so I can hate the St. Louis Rams.
Heading down to the Denver <U+E01A> vs. Indy game <U+E42B><U+E42B> Going to a tough on today. GO BRONCOS!! <U+E42B><U+E42B>
How about some more tweets from the tweeters at #SC2012! Guess not everyone there wants to take advantage of twitter....lol
Smoke screen“: Lakers expected to release statement in support of Mike Brown in light of ESPN NBA analyst Magic Johnson's stmt.
The Lost City Diner is NOW OPEN. Charles & Lafayette. 4pm-midnight.
Ambition is a way of life.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
“: Shout Outs To ” yea we shut it down last night bro.
omg parenthood KILLED IT!! Best show on tv!!
too bed it couldn't come between 9-10 to help those numbers. He he;)
Aww :/ theres so much to do for me from now on through the next couple weeks ://
I'LL MISBEHAVE IF IT TURNS YOU ON
#onlyghettopeople hear a gun shot and don't even fletch.
The one time I eat in front of my cousins they say I ate fast and why am I eating so much/: back to not eating! (:
My goal for this twitter account is to share my social media plans. Perhaps I'll keep account for personal purposes...
Good Sunday morning to everyone!! :)
fb buys instagram for $1b. i'm tired of everything being connected to everything else. i'm slightly different people on different things.
Go Cats! EAT MORE BEEF!
just finished my english paper
CSI > CSI: NY > CSI: MIAMI
Everyone is chanting Beat The Heat haha
where do I sign up at
looks totally hot in his new icon<U+2665>
I feel like my womb will fall out now. Goodnight.
"Our sauce's famously delicious, top-secret #recipe now comes in a jar! Purchase The Milano Inns tomato-based pasta sauce today. #homemade"
So sorry - this posting was incorrect: RT : SANTA arrives in #Littleton in 6 hours! Not tonight!
My yoga studio is offering $10/class special, so I'm taking it as a sign that I need to get back to yoga.
At #pla12 ... Keynote speaker Robert Kennedy, Jr. Up now!
over 600 volunteers will pack over 100k meals at celebration town hall on Sunday. Hope you can make it!
Looks great so far! Can't wait to dive in more tomorrow. Thanks!
not meshing. going elsewhere
#BostonSportsReport: Massachusetts backs off school bake sale ban – USA TODAY
Wanting to finish the big painting of Kyoto. I'm thinking 5-6hrs more.
; "just ignore her, she does this all the time. I still want to be friends with you." Thnks for the worst advice I've ever got in my life :)
YOU SOUND AMAZING ON THE RADIO (;
Bucks are officialy out of the playoffs. Sigh.
It was leaked out today, doesn't get an actually album drop until next week.
Did a 9.30 am too midnight tired
thanks so much guys!!
no not till June 8-9
#milwaukee RT : Man in suit and ninja turtle winter hat on the bus? You just made my day.
Life Events you can post on Facebook: "Changed Beliefs," "Broken Bone," and "New Roommate"
I want to thank everyone for the Birthday well wishes!!!
:) What kind of game are you making?
RT : "We're seeing dramatic growth in Facebook interest..." -Shane Vaughan, CMO. Read more Smart Stats:...
Hey! RT this msg to be entered for a chance to win a pair of tix to Lunatic Luau ft @ Farm Bureau Live @ VA Beach on 5/4!
What happened to Odom? Fisher? Hmm.....
Everyone's out to short PLPE!
Congratulations! That's quite an accomplishment.
oh, that sucks! I'll tweet some things that I've put on there.
Someone took over the stage !!
Living without a safety net is a great way to fall, dust yourself off, and climb back up.
such a nice relaxing day..took a nap wrapped up in my snuggie...
have to fart, but im at work. it hurts. afraid its gonna blow. what do i do?
thanks for the endorsement! Plus, Vespa delivery!
Why is it always that I get crazy around midnight...
William Buford is the basketball equivalent of a grease fire.
Another great morning of classes!
vag if only it had a picture
awesome. Thank you - just sent you an e-mail.
It is almost impossible to get a taxi in the street downtown, had to walk 10 blocks to find one. Yet most of the drivers are so nice.
found it!! :) its looooonnnng!
Where are you going to college? Thanks for sharing our new video :)
Jeff Mauro just won the seventh season of "Food Network Star" by making terrific sandwiches.
Why is that stadium so quiet???
Happy mothers day! Hope Everyone is enjoying this beautiful Sunday.
": Craig Sager is channeling a peacock with that suit. #tnt #NBA" THAT SUIT IS WACK!!! He looks like a white pimp in Fresno.
Letz get nasty
Those are Awesome!
Really enjoyed the Live Chat today and speaking with my UK fans.
Back from a weekend on the coast. Got home a found a new Venture Brothers episode waiting for me! Turning out to be a good week =)
Watching & on espn2 (all of us are Crosby HS alums)
DON'T JINX IT
The Avengers was fantastic. The writers did a wonderful job, the special f/x were good - I could happily see it again. Thumbs up!
in my computational linguistics class watching my part of speech tagger at work.
I say you go with the white.
Congrats Adam!! RT : RT : Just committed to Glenville St University
:O I've never been in a fight before.
Nice, I'll actually be in NYC this weekend :-)
So about graduation... still no dress....
Impressed too by your responsiveness! Good customer service = easy recommendation. Planning to implement Tout in my department.
I was in England for the first time ever at Xmas but couldn't get to a Spurs game. That was the beginning of the slide - my bad.
Wow sugar shane was going at canelo like a speed bag
I sent will smith after u. I know thats not too scary, but it was between him & bill clinton.
It's Jersey. They're texting to avoid seeing their surroundings. RT New Jersey town imposes fines for texting while walking.
If you get food, send me some please? Like my house is completely out. <3 xx
But for the love of all things holy, have a Five Guys cheeseburger and fries first!!
Welcome to the jungle, we've got fun and gamess
hey thanks, good to see you again.
wheres my phone
Somedays were enemies , somedays we love each other , others were bestfriends , than other days I can't even explain . Your different<U+E022>
#mystyleicon is a ballet dancer! I love soft colors and clothes that move with the body, showcasing both femininity and strength.
Hope you are feeling better!
Awesome #SuperBowl halftime show. Lucas Oil looked beautiful.
My late night #fridayreads is Tony Cohan's Mexican Days.
What a goal!!! That is goal of the week material for MTL there. That from off the edge of the world.
yeah he's opening. I'm really excited I love him. He's so talented.
"She got that camel toe.....Mcdonalds sign.....up.....side.....down"
Too funny! “: #questionsihateanswering "hey can I borrow a pad/tampon?" bitch, I don't want that shit back, puercaaaaa!”
I got the voodoo for you bitches !
When my pencil falls in class , I usually take it by dragging my foot , because I.m too lazy to take it with my hand ^-^ lmaoo .
yeah and that what i love about it!!!
new patagonia source codes out today. Go bug whoever is collecting your email.
thank you!! My fam gets to see it tomorrow :M
Off work. Grabbing a drink with a friend! I'm sure we'll talk a little business too;)
Shared Greatest Customer Service Story, Starring at workshop on social media 4 startups-great discussion followed!
Michael Powell #ces - bought first 10 MB hard drive for over $2000; today he has 32 GB on his hip for under $200
thanks for that RT
When my parents are bitching at me and They ask me what I'm thinking I'm like if id told u I'd have to run away.
remembering that browser generated reports exist. Thanks moleskin
Good night twitter world
So far so good
yes i get it. TROLOLOL IM HYPER
My condolences to your and your family
Why don't you ever learn Yajaira! ugh.
the #NBA keeps me up to late
Since when did I come 2nd? I don't like this.
me too... well idk about that though lol xD
It's creepy. She jumps up and screams every time Perk does something good, and she even knows where his kids sit during games.
you're welcome - interesting small business journey isn't it?
hey wats up
I can honestly say I can't wait to find THE ONE! As much as I love my single life I'd love to settle down with that one perfect man>3
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 25
Girl, look what you've done to me; me and my whole world. - RIP Davy Jones
it doesn't make sense...we should have got A's
Amtrak Surfliner, no danger of. texting while driving.
I have yet to watch it! I heard a two week hiatus coming up though.
You don't make radio, you break it
Last One Tree Hill !:/ im gonna Cry!
Gah. Not sure why that happens sometimes. Fixed it now, thanks for letting me know!
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
Do you like my new icon? ^o^
Santa Cruz!
Get Curried Away and book a vacation!!!
"Those who hear not the music think the dancers mad"
RT : "Goodness knows what a congressman would do with #compassion"-- Best. Line. Evar.
it's a surprise until its release! but my band's name is !
Thanks! I look fwd to it!
I can but my smart self dnt kno how 2 work it lmaoo
"Every boy needs a man IN HIS FACE(constantly) challenging him with wisdom regarding critical issues &decisions in his life."
but I do like cooler weather! I'm sick of it being like 80s and 90s erryday.
Jewelry party tonight at 's ! Love me some Stella & Dot!
Wash your face daily. It’s important to take off your makeup to minimize the clogging of pores.
I live in# NORTH CAROLINA,you ever come down here, by the way been voting for you babe
are you seriously jumping on the kony bandwagon, or are you mocking all the people who are posting that crap everywhere?
Who wanna get rated./-'?-_-
5000 to 6000 kids have been served by the Denver Preschool Program
TCD has rec'd 6.8 mill euros to est a program in digital arts & humanities
haha! It's time to start getting in basketball shape
Hello world
Super Troopers. Gotta love netflix
Work until 5:30 then about to scoop up Phil and codman after.
I wouldn't watch "War Horse" with a child under 12 or anyone who is allergic to melodrama or schmaltz.
yeah sweetheart;)) <3
So ready for my day of mommy rest tomorrow! Sleeping in, Breakfast in bed, matinee of hunger games... Can't wait!
“: lolol looking on Ebay someone posted a Flynn auto'd rookie card for $80 "Hottest Free Agent QB" here we go...” I've got 2
Lost $150 on 3 minutes. Screw you Vegas!
2011.08.10 #Brewers 5 # Cardinals 1 | Second in a row / No fluke; this Crew is for real / Wolf tosses a gem
uh oh. Where's mamma Watson? Lol
hes in jail 4 real bro ?
LMFAO! yeah and the burrito eating at the park, man GREAT DAY<U+2665>
Thank you! Got you back :)
K I love Elton John and I'm not gonna apologize. Though my faves are the pre-hair plug tunes.
Michael Trent would like to challenge all of the Wildfire Firefighters to Contribute!
Hahaha yes im workin for u its awesome
Excellent paper on #Thailand's #entrepreneurship in developing countries, what suggestions do you have?
I've replaced everything I learned in school with Game of Thrones knowledge.
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 10
where's is DMV...
probably will. I always like saying that the team that beat my team won it all.
You can, but I don't think it would be very pleasant.
Need more shots!!!!
Make your smaile change the world but dont let the world change your smile.
To everyone I'm not with at ATX -- take a shot for me and take care.
Definitely miss you being here - I'll let everyone know that you say haaaeeeeyyy!
I wanted words but all I heard was nothing !
hm what songs will I sing tonight @ the Karaoke Set...I feel like there should be an Apollo style contest with a prize...
When she think about me >>>>>>>
First thing I did when I got home from the gym was dig into gluten free brownies.
I'm seriously about to go buy that movie!
Beau Bennett has signed with the Pittsburgh Penguins. Bennett is the third underclassman to turn pro after 11-12 season.
is this your way of telling the #CeNation that you are ok? :) i hope so, congrats on your win tonight Champ!
It was our pleasure! RT : special S/O to for hosting an awesome event w/ 's launch party
Im ready to have my lil one!.
Tweet me? :) Entertain me.
"veterans are not a charity, they are an investment. We need to continue I invest."
Well ladies it's been nice being back but I have to sleep!
Growth means stretching ourselves beyond where we have been.
all i want to do is be noticed by you!
SALSA under the STARS begins {{{FRIDAY, JUNE 3rd!}}}! Are you ready to dance???
Sup Austin, still getting hated on?
GM! Did you start shooting Jism 2?
So sad...got robbed so no music in my car just my little ipod<3:/
Yep is twitter queen. : Thank you! Now for my Lindsay Taub tutorial how to maximize experience!”
I'm eating flaming hot Cheetos, lol.
Yeah, not really something I would discuss over lunch. ;)
“« virtual rocks are not accepted :)” - But smiles are:)
“: Omw to sign up for school #FuckIt”
Finally off to bed!
or call in some tortas for lunch...
I have no life .. Need something to do !
Rejoice in what you have, and know that fresh new experiences are always ahead
": k" lol jasmine hates black people
New Game of thrones tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Here's a dilemma: I like my shoe laces tightly tied, but then I can't slip my shoes on and off very easily.
Delivering 250,000 meals to Osceola County Schools' central warehouse today! Stay tuned for pictures :-)
Looking to heal.
All's well. Just long days working the halls of Congress trying to end #MTR Server, meanwhile, appears to have crashed.
RT : Will We See You Tomorrow at the Securing Our eCity Symposium & Awards? Register for this Free Event!...
Evil doesn't describe either side's position- the oil will be distributed in America and the new plan avoids the aquifer
I can't believe I'm going to say this, but I got goosies during that Joshua/Jessica duet. It was insanely terrific.
thats whats up are you going into combat or something else
the best part about headphones are the neat little cases that I can hide all my illegal drugs in
RIP Steve Jobs You Will Be Missed!!!
LET'S DO IT. RT : I wonder how many random people would text me if I left a note with my number on it somewhere.
i wish i was able to see you! Hope you had a good flight! :)
RT : The more you value something, the more you get out of it. That is particularly true when it comes to your own life.
Who should we include in a GOP VP poll? Rubio, Pawlenty, Santorum, Haley, Daniels? Who else?
I have to thank and for sharing. I love it. The students I work with love it. The teachers I teach love it.
you can if it's just a syrup after all. # mediatryers
And you're always just exactly what I need... beer, soccer, good reads. What more is there in life?
Bakersfield you guys brought it hard last night, thank you :] see you all at Rockin Roots this summer! <3
I miss my family, the ones bonded by blood and the ones bonded by life long friendship
Stands look empty
RT : Chuck lost a lot of weight tho
The second ticket winner for the show Friday will be announced at 4:00 pm! Everyone tell your friends!
just tell em you already won cuz basically you did
Glad you had a great stay! RT On our way home after a fabulous trip to San Diego. As always, loved the &...
amen! My parents did NOT win, so I think my chance of sharing millions is lost.
Thanks for the #FF!
Tour de France: Does Lance have a chance? If he ever did, it looks like the cobbles of stage 3 had something else in mind.
come again!
im w. him every waking moment of my life
I don't leave me alone
Dicks Pizza lounge, reminds me of Chicago
You guys are good(:
They're coming back to Milwaukee. Hell Yes.
How does Joakim Noah make somebody fall off the dribble lol
Our #STEM Policy Dir. to be honored by for outstanding commitment to collaboration today at
Also, sixth grade family night is on Thursday, September 1. 5:30-6:30 in the evening!
Awesome! If you have any questions, let me know. =)
heh. Fae = from in Glaswegian. However, you put me in mind of an awesome short story about Scottish fairies I read once...
wow not fun but necessery. Hope your MRI goes well.
let's hope so! #PartyOnTheHarbor is going to be great! Get your dancing shoes on!
Little known fact: pirates wore patches so 1 eye would be adjusted to darkness when boarding a ship & going below deck. ;)
We are watching NYPD.
hahaha, very funny. But seriously. They also have Theo chocolate, Cypress Grove cheese and sprouted corn tortillas. Wtf?
Check it out!!
Getting ready to head out the door? 7:45 - got a stall in the HOV, N-5 Carmel Valley Rd. and a wreck S-5 @ the 15. Have a great day!
that was the funniest thing i've said, BLACK AND CODYYYY
That moment in a quiet bathroom when you hear someone exhale and their shit hit the toilet water <<<<<<<
I was literally just talking about Dexter right before I saw your tweet. I love that show!
I love it when and sing me country roads . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
ha ha I'm gonna take you with me if you want the summer is the best time to go there we go there for a month when we go
It's way cooler to have a human interaction like that, rather than making it into some kind of transaction.
Heat needs to just finish this game so they can be done with the Knicks! :O
I deserve to see BTR b/c Im a long time cancer survivor still struggling. I need to get my mind off of it..I love BTR!
there's a spotlight in the night sky.
Getting prepared 4 the weekend. Walk with sally event sat night w/ gavin rossdale
You'll never have to worry
Bring these tornados!
I'm planning on going with the wife. She tried buying tickets today through Citi but they sold out. Hopefully we can get them Monday.
Exciting day for as we present and discuss in San Fransisco with the Corporate #eDiscovery Forum. ^BM
thanks for the retweet!
Reading Wittgenstein is like if instead of a completed statue, what the sculptor delivered was all the stone shards he had cut away.
Collaboration: LWI survey noted breaks down varieties who teaches legal research and writing.
Some sort of alt lit war going on again? NAP supports our troops.
Change is coming i gotta be ready and make the right decisions
oh my god tired af
Groups will hold vigil as Supreme Court hears discriminatory AZ law. Wed. April 25, 11:00 AM. Polk St. steps of SF City Hall
Dear NOLA beauty schools, how do you only offer services 2 hr a day 4 days a week? you suck.
well arguing more like because it's derby day x
Very true...but I like to think neither of us fit the princess line either haha
ya buddy are u just at home.
I was there nigga and my shit harder nigga DM when that plan land I'm ready mane
Discovered the show #ThePitch on AMC today. So awesome and insightful for those in advertising.
If your from texas mainly Dallas Ftworth area could you give us a mention?? We could use local followers so we can sell tix :) thanks!!
i no you prob wont read this, but a fan with a dream has to have hope. you need to make a "I AM PART II". god bless
Usability is more valuable then oil
“: "At the end of the day, personal excellence is what we strive for, because that's in yourself" - #NYULilB”
Don't think just because I like this my next read will be Danielle Steele ;)
All of these would be awesome choices, but #HotFuzz first and foremost!
Anyone done a show at International City Theater in Long Beach?
Reggie Miller is talking about quitting? We can't win? Thats why he never won a title.
No. I was highly upset.
From my own observations of my engineer brother's salaries compared with mine, I can say that study is probably accurate.
Why am i cryingg for someone who doesn't even know i exist? :'c <|3
I am a good person.
- thanks boss!
I didn't second guess myself, but I got stumped: plural of Camry... I ended up circling it, with a note: "refer to in-house guide"
I HAVE A ? R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?
pool parties?!
Agile methodology encourages client satisfaction as the most important feature (what) within the business process and consequently has direc
<U+FFFD> To grow in our ability to love ourselves we need to receive love as well. <U+FFFD>John Gray
Please rain!
"Swiss-born Greek psycho" ?
As long as there's whipped cream and a cherry on top.
A photograph is the pause button of life. - Ty Holland
you always up this early?
looking forward to a great all star weekend!!!
Be with someone who knows exactly what they have when they have you. Not someone who will realize it when they've lost you.
welcome back to Indy. Ready to see you guys play
The have designated quiet cars on the NJ Transit!!!! What! Lucky, first and last on the subway cars are singles only FYI
great-grandma is unresponsive, on oxygen, stopped breathing several times. hoping she passes quickly and painlessly, & that grandpa's okay.
It is on an issue you can prevail on -- Obama trying to make GOP look weak on natl security is futile, tho adorable
To bad has a secret love for and just hides it ! <U+E106><U+E022>
Sitting down to read the Journal of Humanistic Counseling, Education and Development
did you see Kevin hart lol
Another beautiful day in San Diego. Our full-service mortgage and realty team can have you in a home with a pool by summer! (858) 376-1299
One of my favs!!!!
Chris Hansen Band feat Glenn Asch and Rae Cassidy next Monday at 7:30. All ages, no cover. Check them out!
#CSP is heading down to the Lora Reynolds Gallery to speak with Out of Place curator Noah Simblist. Hooray for #art filled Fridays!
The former VP for Valpak is our new VP of marketing and advertising! Our team is getting amazing by the minute! #joinus!
Thanks for the love and support! You rOcKK!!
u r now a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!!!"-www.cdbaby.com/pakman1
A friend of the family is on American Idol. His name is Chris Medina. Help him become the next American Idol! GOOD LUCK CHRIS! :)
makes sense. if all else fails i'll just bug my rep, haha
of course!
Congrats to & #hugefirstusawin!
im watching Anastasia!!(: this is one of my favorite movies to watch! :D
Your welcome!
I got a funky twitter "direct message" from you. Looked nefarious and forwarded on to our security people. Crazy what people will do
that wasn't nice at all :c
looking for blog-techie genius to modify wordpress theme code for not much money, hopefully in Austin, know anyone?
EVERYBODY... Check out Boosie's mixtape #FreeLilBoosie on datpiff.com. ^*Forever Trill*^
that seems like a very dangerous, idea, like trading Bledsoe to the Bills, but if the Bills were good...
#RESPECT RT : Get 'em next game man, great effort tonight
FREE DRINK TODAY. be one of the first 3 people to come in and say the secret word "TAHITI" to the bartender and your 1st drink is free.
Yippeekayaye .. I asked for a miracle, you gave me thanks buddy!
Back 2 Back homers!! Go #Yankees!!!
Why are there loud typers in the world? Why, why, WHY!!!?
Disneyworld for 10 days go go go!
you know i will ;)
are you a hitman?? If so, I have a job for you. lol
you look great, 10 years younger and funny as ever! Luv 30Rock
Miller or Bud? -- AJ Bombers ().... Kettle One
we have the same last name
Yes! Look forward to seeing you1 RT : just made my reservations for Valentines day... Can't wait!
Thanks for the RT. Enjoy some #bokchoy! and feel free to share some delicious #recipes :)
that is so true. have you ever felt truly lonely? it sucks.
unacceptable. over the 100th round requires at least a week of critical thinking before passing.
"Nothing is too wonderful to be true..." -Farraday
Time to throwdown. Stop talking about doing it and DO IT!
Note to self: Turn off alarm on Friday nights. Should not have stayes up to wach royla wedding
Really bad idea to check out while hungry and wanting to eat a chocolate factory.
I don't think that can stop you lol
Thanks for the follow
Are the children related to her, or just some roommates she's picked up from craigslist? (Children never pay rent on time!)
Happy Monday! Make it a great week.
#Fundraising kiss of death: A #donor who tells u s/he is just not that interested in what your org is doing.
Boston Pops congrats Northeastern graduates today! Hope to see you at NU Night @ Pops on Sat 5/14
I cant even right now. there are like 67890354389 going through my head..
RT If you have already gotten your EDC tickets in!
overflowing with jealousy my friend ... have a butterbeer for me!
Twistii is going to Magic in Las Vegas... see you there! Magic Sourcing: August 21, Attending the 22nd & 23rd. VIP Pool Party at the Artisan
M&A rainmaker Brian McCarthy takes over as head of Skadden's LA office.
I believe this team can win, but this is how they lose to good teams. Let them hang around.
There was a bakery in Greenwich Village. Started with C. Famous. Best cannolis in the whole wide world. Closed now. Remember the name?
Live its day like its your last
do you have a car yet my man?
and no i did not bake said cake i am not i bought the thing and it will be delicious. i did however cook the soup!!
Have you tried our famous burger w/ cheese curds,bacon jam, arugula, garlic mayo& roasted tomatoes? If not, shame on you...
What the f just happened? Whatever I'll take it. Let's see if we can beat the Padres.
Friday. 10/21. Rockit Room. San Francisco. Claudine & Make A Wish! Come...
Thank for the RT of that sales tip, Adrian! I appreciate it :-)
is who u atn fucking with love it
How does a Louisville reporter/homer/UKhater get to host?
I'll invite you over for some dinner at a restaurant named 'Mom's house'. ;-)
Let's make a decision to live on the skinny branches of life. The view is better, the risk is greater, but the reward is unbelievable!
Hard Rock Poker Room today, 2pm $25 buy-in, 7PM win your buy-in to the WSOP $60 buy-in 1 re-buy
Just learned that an award that I earned was a trip to a Reds game.
Thank you Allison! Anything you'd want to see changed or improved? I'm a Celtics fan too :) I'm glad we're back to winning
Watch a Demo. Win a Kindle! Stop by Wadsworth booth 101 to watch a demo and enter to win!
Why do you never have enough staff in your flooring dept in elk grove? 30 minutes waits are bad.
Shame? dont know no Shame. is he in the union?
Did you ask at a animal place?? :)
Really think its time to <U+2702><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
You're welcome.
So, who benefits most from Perry dropping out of GOP race? Hope it's not Gingrich (as palatable as battery acid).
I know if only I had taken a plane instead of driving dang traffic on the 15 still excited though
Basketball tournament tomorrow, and the Heat sweep their series tomorrow!!
what about more of a landing page just for the tutorials and q&a with deets on hands-on.
#FF Favorite Vintage #Lovers xo
Diane Sawyer says we now export more oil than we import
Watching my best friend ball up the court with
now u really owe me beggars
favorited my tweet? I'm gonna have to call a doctor about this boner in about four hours
LMAO. Though, in all seriousness, why do people ever attribute sexual preferences to fictional characters? WTF? lol.
Woo i love r&b
Anybody catch 1st name of public speaker Gersten? thnkx in advance.
Our users are increasingly prototyping mobile websites with our tool. Maybe we should rebrand Webappinseconds :)
#ThingsThatILoveInLife When people treat each others as human beings and not trash!!!
it's stevie! just wanted to say 'hey' from NYC
I'll have to reset it for you. I'll send you an email from my computer later once that it done. Have fun tonight in #MKTG118!
Hmm, eggs on toast and fresh squeezed pomegranate juice.. I love breakfast :)
I don't joke around.
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real, too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.' - Stephen King
my favorite day of the year.... LOL jk. :)
O. M. F. G. apparently must watch all games with my family. This is beautiful.
The toilet seat covers doubled as toilet paper AND paper towels!
Talk stupid, off with ya head
“: wrong way to Europe :((((” haha Nashville is the Europe of the south
At what seems to be nice restaurant in JFK and plastic knives! REALLY?
That awkward moment I thought I was having a deep convo with a stranger , and he lives 10 minutes from me .___. #StupidTwitter.. <3
"...and I'll set fire, to the rain..."-Adele
"It's one of those mysteries like how my clothes pick themselves up from the floor and fold themselves into my drawers"-Bart
Mom texts us updates as she reads The Corrections for the first time: "Whoa. The guy writes some long sentences!"
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs VIP for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar|Rain. Show the message to get in free
wait the other guy from Friday Night Lights is starring with Riggins in Battleship? So it's Friday Night Lights on a boat?
Second Anthro session called "The Dead Do Tell Tales"--all regarding cemeteries, tombs, etc. wishes she was here!
If anyone out there picked up Felicia Hom's driver's license, please send it back to me!! Pretty please. Or call me. Sigh.
Surrounded by hipsters at sxsw. Oh the stovepipes!
stop being so cute!
All things work together for good to those who love God. Romans 8:28
& I TIRED TO BE YOUR PICTURE PERFECT GIRL...BUT DATS JUS NOT ME....
thks for the follow!
Much needed wine and 30 Rock night with
War doesn't determine who's right, it determines who's left.
Detroit bad boys are even RESPECTED now for their toughness. Sports players and fans alike = SOFT nowadays. Suspend him, move on.
I LOVE YOU MICHAEL JACKSON..Why did you leave us?:(((
That is always amazing. Dear student, I am not the grade fairy who magically gifts points, instead you *earn* them.
I hope I see the Family Matters Christmas special where Urkel drinks tons of egg nog before the end of Christmas
#IfWomenDidNotExist we would only have half a band
Thanks so much!
#fridayreads is Digital Mom Handbook!
Hair done, nails done... Everything done :)
Hey does anyone know how I can make papyrus my default font?
Incredible HULK or Incredible BULK? This IS Milwaukee, it could go either way...
Ms. Persistant with the Castleville requests :-). Ok, I give in.
Once again I got soaked by the rain on the way bck from lunch. Second time this year I've had to come bck and change clothes
My fitness goal for 2012 is:________?
I wonder who Charlie Rangel pissed off!!
oh, it comes on on Sundays?
Awesome! I knew there was a good reason I just bought a piece of pie :)
Thanks Dawn...Likewise. Im going to your IMDB now
Other than My Only One. That's so bad it's laughable.
TL not loading
stepped in gum three times this week with the same shoes. What does this mean?
Lucky you! Im jealous. Been trying to get them to come to #TwitterDC with no luck. Have a bite for me!
George Saunders has mentioned Tolstoy and Chekhov. Another writer at Key West Literary Seminar acknowledges the Russians
just on the show. They had to fit the performance in.
Typical night at #dingydisco pad: trees,pizza,chcknwyngz,juice,sewing machine,netflix,govrnmnt/health/alien conspiracies &
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> RT : Confidence walks you right into the beehive
The replay shows that #ortiz was just trying to get his helmet back and swung his arm by accident
Just fully automated process of importing a provider update form from email in to Foxtrot, extracting data, and then loading data in Cactus.
Nope.. I've really only heard of it!
“: Lookin for the right way to do the wrong things” ~ !!!!!
don't let me get in my zone
off to just lay down & just watch TV and get text updates on from kiddo
LOL fo sho but he did his time now he workn i shouldve put him on cs bk then would b gettn a check now
Lindsey Logan's wore her crackdealer/pimp's backhand.
Good luck to at the Pam Am Games in Brazil!
connect with me! Lol
Why am I just now hearing "Set fire to the rain" by Adele!?
Thanks to Raun of the Son-Rise Program for speaking at the '07 LI Autism Fair and inspiring so many!
Reading archived Twitter threads, will be hard, tho-- people don't always @ everyone or text gets lost in the RT.
I'm missing my effing photo shoot kmt
lol. I thought you were the oldest :)
I know!!! This game was insane!!! Great win
Sweating from a two mile jog...
Man, this twitter app is getting on my nerves...
Nature Center at Shaker Lakes has a Director of Education opening. Deadline is the 27th! Hop to it EMPers!
Firms are filled with unhappy people. It's not that they planned for mediocrity, they just didn't plan for success.
Waiting for Indian food!
Agree it was #mistake? Or that you never leave #j202? If former, why?
Why They Love Hurtin Me??
Another sunny day in Fort Worth. Hope everyone is livin life to it's fullest. Get outside and rodeo that world.
Hybrid is the way to go.
Take the deal, Tybo-son, take it. You'll make more in one year than you would on your own in ten.
You don't know what love is. You never did, and you never will.
what movie are you watching....????
SD Jones!
THANK U 2 everyone who cam 2 #GetAmbushed last night & TY 2 all who worked so hard 2 make it AWESOME!!
Yes! made their goal today! Congrats! Now, go see women making music & the great stuff they've planned for Denver!
Studio time again!
got more shots than an armory; more lean than a pharmacy.
yeah I don't think we can be friends anymore..
Hey — what was your winner’s name? I am not sure I ever sent anything. I can check postage log.
of course! XD
It was 200% the best comic movie i've ever seen RT : glad I blew your mind
ha. I can only imagine.
Thanks so much for helping us preserve #UnionTheatre last night at your show. Your performance was spell binding.
keep your chin uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuppppp
Go away good feelings -.-
We are poppin out to SXSW this year, who else is going?
sexy as usual!
haven't seen it yet, but another professor and I are planning a screening on campus.
fuck your pretty face
We Missed You! RT So sad I missed seeing you ladies last night! I hope you all had fun!
#AskKenzie how many boyfriends have you had?
you need sum lip tan lines on that!! I'll be more than happy to do it for you, shoot out your personal sun screen!!
You dont deserve to be treated this way! Don't listen to them! I think your a beautiful, strong women! Follow your dreams!
You and me, Gary. I'll fight you. I swear to God. You know I don't give a shit.
No one would remember the good Samaritan if he had only good intentions. He had money as well. (Margaret Thatcher)
Everybody! Stay the fuck off your phones and spend some time with those you care about. Damn knuckleheads.
you could have asked, I'd wash it for you, with my tongue
ik you do
it's ridiculous!
new lace, new diggs, now to sleep. been a long ass day mutha fuka! ha ha ha... moved and then worked and then unpacked and then arranged.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them. John Maxwell
I'm working on a brochure for my #Jterm course. What do students want to know about a potential course?
Looking for good note taking/research organization/writing software. Am considering scriviners, index card, zotero, or some combo. Thoughts?
I did it. I bought Minecraft... on Xbox 360.
Anatomy/physiology class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> let these 2 hours pass by fast
Is shootin a music video. Nice
Long night ... need more coffee!
charging my phone!
Both great features, especially being able to import from other platforms. Do you like #schoology over Bbd?
no words. no words to describe how perfect Spring Awakening is.
Leftovers from make for the best Sunday brunch.
no prob Kirsten!!
That is why I carry a Swiss Army Knife. Borrow at will.
(You still need to come see us.) ^-~
millers been huge for them but if he leaves, they'll need a backup pg
says Janet Jackson is rocking the pandora
a nigga aint got his head screwed on tight
I would never do that to Manu. But he knows better than to show up at a sold out game
Same here...not much happened, seeing it is a little too warm to do anything LOL So been staying by the open windows *S*
next person to buy a juice, mention this tweet gets a free pound of delicious coffee from Anodyne!
his butts do cute lol
So Your Brazilian ? o;
Sushi for lunch? I'm thinking Rainbow Roll, Fuse Roll, Big Eye Tuna Sashimi and Spicy Edamame!
Grad singing practice <<<<<
Baristas have to wear hats while making cappuccinos. Does the government regulate coffee shops more than Wall Street?
New recipes every day! #foodblog #hawaii #desserts #recipes #fun #love #family ideas #food #desserts #dinner ideas
Who's hustlin on the day before Christmas Eve? Whether you're grabbing gifts or wrapping things up at the office, we say: Happy Friday! :)
Who wants to join us in bowling?
get out while you can.
I DONT THINK IT WAS.
meanwhile you're on an iPhone with gps...
Snow globe soccer games with <U+26BD>>>>
Some bitches be acting stupid ahaha
It's looking a little gloomy out there so come to Tunes @ Noon 12-1:30 today & help Rob Blackwell bust through the clouds!
i just seriously hate it when people say "MAINSTREAM MUSIC SUCKS!!" if it sucks so much why is it mainstream
Well if they weren't a pain to make I would make you some.
GREAT day in the studio w/Dennis Gruenling, Doug Deming, Tom Papadatos & Scot Hornick...looking forward to some more good music tomorrow!
do we have to? that is the real question
RT : Scholarship Reception is FRIDAY 6-8p.m. @ National U. Our special guest is ESPN's ! Tix at sdabj .org
: Hi Eva thanks for the follow - following you back!
is excited to start shooting the role of Mitsy Lyon in Alex Madegar's Tongue, a thesis film for Columbia U, directed by Moebius Simmons.
when we stand together <3
I really want to talk to you, but I always end up becoming so shy to speak first.
About to lay down in a minute; but wide awoke that's crazy
I Follow Friday'd the shiz out of your College Hockey News
Thanks! We appreciate it.
i do recall ... i'm with you—if you write something, and that take is off, why not admit it? no weakness in being wrong.
Whew... another 3 tracks down... #Dark recording live @
Oh! Good idea. WE have a room at Mem Union that night but there aren't enough for guests. Excellent!
omg Laugh out loud
Funny: at the end of the "why google+ is taking over FB" article there is a "share on FB" button!
Hey, you think because we're just a bunch of chicken heads there doesn't have to be some kind of order around here?
oh k. Yeah I heard through the grape vine... Ima hit u up tomorrow to catch up and talk. And k thanks! :*
voted - pretty invasive registration process....but....you want a wedding eh?
You suck
"You are the average of the five people you spend the most time around. You are your network." Smart stuff
Aw I'm so sorry Angel was an amazing and beautiful dog us Mahomies are gonna miss her:( #RIPAngel </3
Yes! The amount of charge and the kW consumption are both important to watch. RT Shouldn't you watch the kW consumption...
Good! “: So I've gained about 25 pounds in the last few months...”
Great news for Arizona court reporters today!!! Congratulations!
I think I might watch Red Dawn tonight.
no, no, can we vote that whole family ONTO the island? preferrably one being used for nuclear testing...
I know!!
Thanks for stopping by last night! Hope you enjoyed your night with us!
You think, i'm in shape. Until you mess your neck up drying off your hair. Lol!! Only me.
It's my fault for not researching a company before ordering, but do yourself a favor and never order from Pictures On Gold!
Thx. Checking it out now
MusicalStop.com Lowest Prices on the Net!!!
where are you picking up at? Burlesque?
What a speech by Pres. Obama in honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. at the dedication of the MLK monument #Historic!
Final Four Viewing Guide: Four Things to Watch
thanks for the follow!!
hm ok, fine by me. Dont need to see any bits.
Cracking The Code: Jews Should Lead The Battle Against Technological Illiteracy - Huffington Post
ik I'm so excited! It's on county line
Wife born on Xmas & all 4 boys born in January
Got soy Milk! Just picture a grown man sucking the teet of a cow to get the milk. Such is the consumption of dairy.
I'm tired af.
“You cannot achieve what you cannot conceive?” Thanks for sharing that,
Who the fuck wants to get married? Divorce rate in america is 50% #dummies .
SO CA we all?
Admit it, you've Googled your name some point in your life.
princetonboo2princeton boo Ray Ray, Roc Royal, Prodigy
Miami Heat Are Gonna Win It All! Big 3 Tear It Up!
I know but fan sounds better in the sentence.
You can go die. Like really.
Live your life, take chances, be crazy. Don't wait cause right now is the oldest you've ever been & the youngest you'll ever be again.
Yesterdy someone remrkd."wow, u knw, "PRIVACY" really is a damn good movie"...i smiled n said, indeed it is. yes.
dayumm on a friday night. well maybe we can go into the city tomm night or something fun!
Was just on Belmont and saw all the streetlights go out from Racine to Sheffield. Seems like places on S side of street are out too. #WTF?
let's have an inappropriate pants-off dance off.
People are upset bout Treyvon Martin,,,people are more crunk about him than Jesus,,,If he was Jesus alot of people would be save
Before you consider buying a new puppy, you want to consider these 3 things:
hahaha..good one!
Fuckkk the spurs!!
hate when plans get ruined..
F. KIDNEY STONES
Alaric's a vamp... Bonnie drop dead, so what's next!!!
Went to Subway for dinner...Papa John's deliveryman was in line right in front of me.
You're a Hobbit fan? Have you also read Runelords? They're creating that a production too. Vote for actors
awh I miss you too! And yeah, definitely something to be proud of.
The first step in problem setting/decision making is to set a goal.
Ladies, if a guy bares his soul and makes himself really vulnerable, does that make him more attractive or less attractive?
MY SWING LIKE A 1 MONTH OLD WHILE IM SLEEPING!!! LMAFO
Want a Marc Jacobs watch so bad!!
I really hope no one says calories
This old Law & Order on transracial adoption is like being in a time machine. TV FTW!
I AM SO PISSED THAT I CAN NOT WATCH THE METS GAME B/C FOX SPORTS HAS HIJACKED MY LIFE ON SATURDAYS
You're welcome, God bless!
trainers were evidently working on the right shoulder, not the left that has been popping out recently.
I really wish I could grade in Blackboard Learn on my iPad. *grumble*
Down these mean streets a man must go who is himself not mean who is neither tarnished nor afraid-definition of a hero_Raymound Chanaler.
Build your character and stop faking yourself out
beach and Tijuana Flats tomorrow with my momma ... typical wednesday ... <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Well that was a pretty heated forum. Stay tuned...
So I'm answering questions !
it was really great meeting you last night. You had so many great points re: brand perspective at
It might be mine
And it's laughter that they're making after all.
almost new year chloe i hope the best for you hope you stay safe and well i would cry if you get hurt i hope good of you
Doherty: Rosella, a satirical Minerva novel, mocks novels by the same author.
Delay is the antidote for anger. - Play Alganon
..don't be embarrassed.. your just dedicated!! :)
#failedvpcandidateTodayhostgigs Joe Lieberman on new looks for Spring.
Ive lost over 50 followers since the last time I've been on here..): shout out please?!
Happy 4th of July Everyone! Be safe.
HA! That happened to me on the crosstown bus
aren't y'all too cute!
awkward is the new awesome.
An Angry Bird in your hand is better than 2 Angry Birds in your bush.
i hate when people type, skewl, skool, schol, NO ITS FUCKING school.
was being followed by u before but still think ur awesome! Muah to u!
But can the Knicks do it again That's the question
Happy 21st birthday to
Drank all night and drinking again tonight...
is just....WOW
GUYS! Liam is in Florida.. I live in Chicago.. That's only a 3 hour plane ride! Ah
Good thing my hubby roots for #patriots otherwise this game would be very sad. Still like
I want to go to this party but no ride & no one to go with -_-
Oh yeah...I admire your ability to stay up for this, I know I wouldn't be able to do it!!
Hey thanks for the awesome write up on Jenfek you did!!!
Please follow me back ..? :) I love u and your tweets ! *fangirls*
#actorsloungelive In-q in the building
Welcome back to campus. Glad you can visit #UMBC on such a lovely day!
APNewsAlert: Son says former longtime SD Gov. and US Rep Bill Janklow dead at 72.
I didn't notice many. Lots of great kale and brussel sprouts though!
Blueprint Raises $15.9 Million in Growth Capital - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
I just unfollowed right back.
I cant take a short dude seriously
How can you be a tough leader without being hard hearted?
So SO True and A good thing may not come in the package that you want either..
Hehe good to hear! :) & I'm all good now I guess, still need to go on some kinda check up though :) <U+2665>
Happy Tuesday, Butterscotch tweeps! Make today count 4 u & someone else - a kind word cold make the difference in someone's world. Namaste.
:) intellectual appraisal. And some physical - is there a seperate lit. For mia's is what I'm?
Happy birthday bob marley
Let me know if you're coming out here this week!
just about 1200 words to catch up to where my spreadsheet says I should be for today. #amwriting til it hurts.
What time? Will tweet. ": TY both for this opportunity. Excited to be part of #coffeetime tonight!"
Felling like Tony Stark today b/c Pepper Potts (aka Gwyneth Paltrow) eats Taylor Gourmet hoagies! cc
That moment when all you're trying to do is help.. and it blows up in your face.. I feel
We're 50 fans away from 500 fans on our #fb page. We're giving away a $50 gift card when we get there. facebook.com/moestavernandgrill
That is awesome.
damn I just saw this.
Judging entries for a creative writing contest. If one more person writes a poem about crying in the rain I'm going to scream!
really, let me get the hook up! :)
Global warming will cause an estimated 50 cities around the coast of America to go underwater by 2050, scientists are predicting.
Happy Monday everybody! See you in the Pier Bar tonight for some Jacobs Brock and Brews band starting at 8:30! SMILE BIG!
It will be great to hear everyone again! :) RT : Conversations returns in 2 hours. Will you be there? edtechtalk.com/live
so happy we met tonight!
YEAH, I BE EVERYWHERE BRUH
I hope stays! Go #TeamDrew !
7 pm tonight, we'll have as well as the excellent , This Week In Sporting on w/ myself +
had in my hand then decided not to buy: Just One of the Guys dvd and "Once In A Lifetime" Talking Heads box set.
I try-from the most obscure corners at times (watching Witches of Eastwick right now). Jack Nicholson's a scream.
YES! When I placed my ticket on hold, the fare was over $300. I go to pay for it now & the price was under $300!
I need to sign up for a gym membership. Any ideas?
Indeed! Poor Little Ruth Bader-Ginsberg! I have so much regard for her, wont give up until she knows. She is courage under fire!
Personal training at Equinox and been getting ready for a CFL tryout next Sat.
I know lol need to sign him! Lol
leaving SF for Humboldt today! Can't wait to be back where the rain falls everyday and the air has a distinct skunk scent haha oh hippies...
Will's is great. Thx for the tip!
2ND WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 5..BENGALS/RAVENS..#TAKETHEOVER (42)..THIS IS NOT YOUR FATHER'S RAVEN TEAM..THESE GUYS SCORE, SO WILL BENGALS!
"A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road." Henry Ward Beecher
Any chance we get to see sing and dance for #HodgmanOnCommunityNBC tonight? or was that just for Winger
One for All and All for One: I’m a #unionmember and
Kim and Kris are getting a divorce.. I don't know what's sadder, that they've been married for 72 days or that I'm so upset about it..
There were some big misses on the OL for sure
*insert hardcore breakdown here*
Category 10-b winner is WLS
aye at least she being honest. Lol
Mountain Goats features prominently in an episode or two of Moral Orel. No Children worked really well for the episode.
Do something about it
FINALLYY GOT ONE DIRECTIONS ALBUM LAST WEEKEND. Can't Stop listening to it!!!
I really need a car right now -.-
I don't understand how people can walk past the homeless as if they are invisible just because they are poor.
I really like him, he's got the best personality ever but I know she likes him. She had her chance its my turn.
People at the Salt Lake City airport call the president "The Obama" as in did you hear what "The Obama" said this morning?
As if burning the first bag of popcorn wasn't enough, chick just burnt another.
... No problem man. I'm sure you and your fellow Cowboy fans, will just get ready for game 2, and put game 1 behind you.
need to talk?
I'll check out the spo article
lol :) want to hang soon? Why didn't u come with nancy and rory the other weekend?
Hoodies? I wear that Arizona ? I drink that Skittles? I eat that Justice? I want that #R.I.P. T-Martin
i love U.S.A SIX ONLY
Got a new watch yesterday, yeyeaahhhh
that's nuts. Did you get there early enough for tickets?
Oh, Christian conservatives are endorsing "Jesus" as a write-in presidential candidate! I wonder who told Him to get into the race!
Hey! I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friends with him :D please reply :D
Cranberry and vodka
There's nothing better than an ice cold beer to get the night started! :)
You're welcome! I'll be looking out for more.
BigH Mantra: Accomplishment trumps fear. Every grain of accomplishment allows me to discard a grain of fear.
love it! Wish forkly was an Android app!
Just sent a letter to hoping they will do a story on us! RT and maybe they will! :)
Is that nerdy white boy wearing #33 for Kentucky just pulling an early April Fools Joke? Or is he actually on the team?
When we're in the office next, just run at me and we'll do the lift.
So, it is just a marketing scam I presume.
Yes yes. Let's shoot for next weekend.
I sign important documents with a pink pen
1 game fantasy football for everyone. Perfect to play for tonights game! Use "USA" for 10 credits! What will u play 4? www.playffnow.com
its a honor to have you "following" me. thanks. much appreciated and lookin forward to som #NFL chat w/ ya
SUCCESS, BIG MONEY, GREAT SUMMER. Stay tuned, possibly hiring soon, work from home, choose own hours, GREAT PAY and Benefits.
I can't wait to try the new #FoodTruck in town who will be at fEASTival! Blackbird Heritage has all organic cuisine. Don't miss this!
L, we created James Dockery's Twitter background. Would love to create one for you FREE. Follow & DM us if you are interested.
Agreed. Besides, u do it for the love, not to charge $10 a book. Profits come later. Right now's for drawing ppl into ur world
Remembering the true reason behind this.
Guys follow my friend she is really nice and so kind and beautiful she follows back
Get at the new band
great job again JT ;)
I'm the opposite. I'd love to see Mesoraco start more.
Good morning love! RT : You can say that again! #GoodMorning Amie! ??
S/o to , Such Amazing and Beautiful Talent! Nice to meet you last night. Let's Collab Soon.
Strawberry and white chocolate smoothies r amazing!
people whose tweeting about the snow, their tweets hit me in the heart and screams BURN BITCH ITS SNOWING :(
Because and would be so happy together! They just need to give each other a little time! You all will see!!!!
Not gonna complain about mordor weather in austin when it's 70 deg.,
find a mosquito in your life - any minor annoyance that saps your time or energy - and smack it out of existence TODAY
Avengers 3D was awesome!
*blonde moment* i dont get it lol
It's here.
Angel Romero's new video fabulous! best gtr video in history! so human! As I like 2 say Angel is not a star; He's a galaxy!
Thanks for stopping in for a burger!
two banner mail days in a row! Yesterday a gift card, today my member (!!) materials arrived.
ohh damn well i can always make more than one visit haha. but ya my orginal plan was like next week but idk. shits crazy right now
welcome to Twitter!
Let it rain, let it pour. ~
Country hick bar with my aunts wtf am I the only real city girl in my family? Wheredd these pple cme from
Ready to see him :)
Happy birthday!
Mom said "is it snowing?" I said "No it looks like fairy snow, not falling but lightly floating around."
if people saw how I dance around in my house when I'm alone, everyone would think I'm a freak
Kiss or hug you
thanks for the follow guys!
We are at the WTUL & Community Records Block Party all day. Come on out! Original rock bands of all sorts, crawfish, booze. 1638 Clio st.
Ladies before gentlemen
thanks for the tip!
Happy 4th July America!!!
This would get you more votes...
why is a student hitting on me via the internet. don't do that.
I seriously think the way you're dealing with hate is freaking LEGEND!! :D Follow me? ILY. xD
Laws are made to be broken
My baby is on stage right now N bcuz its an audience im estactic
super excited about Zelen joining your list! It's a terrific food wine, especially great with fish.
And good evening.
They say before you start a war, you better know what you’re fighting for.
lol...its been a hot minute homie. Merry Christmas
It really bugs me seeing a bunch of young kids wearing tye-dye and claiming they're hippies... Please tell me a Grateful Dead song...
Going to the waterpark for a refreshing day
how long does it take you to bike 24 miles?
lmfaoo should of recorded it
Hey Carlton! Thanks so much. How are you?
From what I heard, you shouldn't be bored, lots to talk about....
Just gonna get the out of my system now shut up Quint
Waiting for my name to be called at jury duty
yea... you guys aren't in the picture. lol
Free shots for those in Con-stumes tonight with
I'm so proud of the staff!
Blessings to you & yours enjoy your day!
Owiiiiieee my throat :(
I think I hear Ms. Polly calling me
haha So true!!! My last pair were super scary and antisocial lol
maybe he'll use the money to hire a lawyer and go back and sue for the rest,lol.
Flannel sheets are snuggly as shit
I'm never quite ready to go to bed; never quite ready to get out of bed. #nightowl?
natelasko is grateful to be able to spend the last day with my two beautiful and amazing daughters! love you princesses xoxo
¤ It has never been my object to record my dreams just to realize them. Man Ray
i don't see her swinging. No way would she share!
Homemade pasta + red wine + night at home = heaven
Just had a quick family reunion in my mentions lol
Thank you to our new Facebook likes and Twitter followers!
We hope you all have a safe and happy Labor Day weekend!
Just got back from my run to find out an earthquake hit ohio. I know I need to lose weight but I can only hope that I didn't shake the earth
ap exam tomorrow #didnot study one bit lol
Just finished Inglourious Basterds. Long overdue. What a great movie.
Hello, I am sending you an e-mail via your website. Thanks, Robert
i do that as well. Drives me crazy
started reading Liar, Liar by Gary Paulsen. What a riot! Hil-freaking-larious!
I'm sharing my progress using Lose It! on Twitter!
What I'm saying: "yeah that's fine." What I'm thinking: "fuck you."
is that a sucker or a jawbreaker? Looks like you might of lost a tooth with that bite.
Thanks to all of you for coming out for this important film!
"Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle." -- Alan Stein ()
you would! I'm not afraid of no ghost. and by ghost I mean policeman.
RT : Finally ;-) able to download iOS5. Curious about Newsstand but excited by universal / cordless sync. Goodbye PC
Aw.... "Querido Ali, You’re an inspiration to our Latino Networks Coalition (LNC). Thank you for your leadership & creative vision."
RT : you are most influential when you share from who you are not what you do
This is your friend Emily!!!!!! You have been hacked!!!!!!!
NEED TO FOLLOW ME SO I CAN ASK HIM A QUESTION HOW DOES HE GET HIS SINGING VOICE SO GOO
Reading Lush Times makes me want every single bath bomb. Is it too late to add to my Xmas wish list?
Great conversation. What would you call it, media paleontology perhaps?
To be candid, Bible says civil govt is from God as a rewarder of good and punisher of evil. Does that trump Constitution?
I need money for that. Haven't found a job yet
so far it rocks
ADL deadlock as protection providers juggle other priorities Industry-wide move to own occupation looking unlikely in short-term
And I think he's gotten consistently better over the years. You'd be hard pressed to find a better gunner in the league.
love it!
When you truly care for someone their mistakes never change your feelings because it's the mind thats angry but the heart that still cares.
what's good big homie, when u coming back to nathans I got mo jokes for u
Thanks for the follow! There's nothing we love more than incurable news junkies.
Lol you're wanting to do a shout out for shout out? I have 978 followers if you wanna :p
sorry about that! Will reshare with fans
it sucks how i miss you and you don't give a shit :))))
but who's problem is it to be concerned with it: the organization or the Sisters. It can start at chapter level w/fellowship
that looks awful.
from MSG when you tweeted that, but not anymore haha
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dentek Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
The Arena of the Impossible is were I dwell
My pride time sucks<<<< #dafuckiswithpeople!
Woman laughing alone with DVRd 30 ROCK.
Let the night commence
Was finally able to sneak in a couple hours of sleep/nap, now it's time to get back to work with 's new Club Life Vol. 2 Miami album
damn...those look good.
Truly great seeing you last night. Did I wreck everything in a moment of impulsive stupidity? Please accept my sincere apology
Does anyone ever say I want to be a trained monkey when I grow up?
Biggest changes in industry in the past year- impact of US-born Latinos
hey Jimmy! It's my birthday! :D
Am I able to bring my own unlocked phone, and qualify for $30 Monthly4G plan, specifically unlimited text & web + 100 min? Thanks.
gettin super RATTY tonight con
i need ur number. DM me it.
for the record they used to be partners. So don't get it twisted. People only tell u one side.
YAY!! RT : Just picked up a donation for from Thanks for your support!
First sound of my first name doesn't exist in English. Hard H, as in "L'chaim" (Hebrew).
We are luminous beings of energy and light, take a breath and feel the joy of that truth.
I wonder if you'll ever find your dreams
Is social media really your problem?Discuss the impact of social media on your role as gatekeeper for your org! Apr 26 at 9am Call 344-3933.
Diseases can still be contracted from dried blood and body fluids. Let us take over the cleanup and disinfection. Insurance accepted.
Sometimes we take chances, sometimes we take pills(Yay happy pills!)
what's your recommendation for software to throw a Timelapse into? I dislike Final Cuts handling of Timelapse material
Who are you going with to win the #NCAA Championship game?!
this one time at Nini camp...
Hey Nick! I am SO sorry to hear that you are out for season. Get well soon champ! MUCH love and respect.
i like him. he's cool!
& are in Denver @ #JCHEM conference enjoying inspiring convos w/colleagues from & across the world!
Second game of the season and I'm so tense. Lets go Boston, finish the comeback
rabbit shit ftw.....
Got your email! I'll get back to you soon - just been so busy. Thanks :-)
Nap on the couch
Is riding the bus the most time, money & environmentally efficient way to deal with social media there is?
dude? Were not even talking to each other? #GetWithIt and get outta my life? Seriously if kayden has a prob. Let HIM deal..
How about a sweet deal on Bedrooms! 7 pc Bedroom Groups @ Buddys for 24.99/wk. Now That's a Deal! :)
This is in response to which tweet?
it was so great to meet you too, and ditto! does not lie - you are fabulous!
Have you or a friend been arrested for DUI? Call us now for a free consultation regarding your rights ~ 619.338.9500
This past Sunday matinee - Peters, Stritch, the cast and production were all dazzling. Well worth it
was amazing of course! cc
"If my heart had an ass, I'd kick it for loving you." - Country song lyric of the day!
Swashbuckling and nimble, like Errol F-Lin!
This means it's time for bed!! RT BONG BONG BONG BONG BONG
Why do teachers assume the Mom always packs lunches, snacks, treats, etc.? Sub told me to thank my wife for the good snack.
Finish them!! Come on fellas... Bring the ship to the D!
The just dropped us off at Lake Wanaka and I have never see water so blue!
Thanks karma
Hello my favorite Irish, next to Michael Fassbender that is :)
Nice to meet you, too!
Adults bullying teens on fb? Really?? Proud of Lexi for knowing exactly who she is. She has the power to let it all go!
Although our downtown location is closed tomorrow, the UW window will be open and ready to grant yr waffle wishes!
#WhenIThinkAboutOOMF I can't help but smile<U+263A>
#2012NBAPlayoffs D-Rose is out for the Bulls the rest of the way, paving the way for Heat against the Spurs in the #NBAFinals .... Go Spurs!
All in!! Big blue baby.
Lance fucking Bass tweeted me.
inspired by YOU!
tomorrow i am #working 4.25 hours. that's actually a long #shift for a college student on this campus
Thanks for following me(:
I accidentally packed your extensions with my extensions in my extensions pouch. So SORRY.
yup! I'm in education for now until I can try something in engineering, which is what I studied in school.
Always a legion of blessing hanging with the passion this dude has for making Jesus famous.
Sat and watched the rain listening to icky mettle. Totally relaxed.
COME ON HOOSIERS!
haha! And you'll never guess where I am applying for a job. I'll give you a hint: you graduated from....
I was just going to ask about that! No sweat.
Apparently my follow limit is 2,001. If you follow me and I don't follow back right away, it's Twitter's fault. Sorry.
#ghettoadvice my friend keeps asking me if her and he crush are cute together should i tell the truth or not
#PlayersMoreClutchThanLebron ant Davis eyebrow
Got any idea for Brunch ? Join us today at Oro Pomodoro at Rockville Town Square. Music starts at noon.
Incidentally, I say this as admirer of yr work. And "Is there another convention for the gen. public?" is a real, not rhetorical Q
Sentences are no longer making sense. Time to take a break from writing.
The Wrath of Khan in my pants
thx 4 posting! FYI that tweet cant b seen by all yr followers,unless they follow us, u'd have 2 put "." or "-" in the beginning
We have our interns in the office today!
Man wat to do go to church or stay home
Going to #ASA this weekend? Come say hi!
I'm such a slow eater!
"It's not just the challenge, it's the risk" talking revolutionary #artist -
This weather's about to separate the wheat bicyclists from the chaff bicyclists.
yea that's the finals everyone would want to see.
RT : The 2012 DoDIIS Worldwide Conference is underway! Follow on Twitter and #DoDIIS12, and on Facebook at...
GoodMorning to all my Broz-N-Hoez out there let's all have a great day today...more pics to come
should text me and save me from boredom at the DMV
these kids out here cant wait to be grown. enjoy this time while you have it because once you truly are grown there is no turning back.
Stay Classy NOT Trashy
Accuscore has the #Spurs beating the Mavs tonight 98-96. Let's see if the boys ball tonight or not. Big Game
Just got back from a marketing seminar sponsored by #WHAM13 - it was quite informative.
I want a cute girl that likes me for me. And likes to do all the boring things I like to do.
Last, which is why they ran out of time. Traveler right before them (w/Popper wheeled out on stage post-accident), after Panic .
Who cares!
The school I originally attended is going to the NAIA world series. Figures
drowning sorrows or celebrating w/UK?
OH:" I got into a bar fight at Kellys Irish Times, I won't start one, but I won't back down if someone else does... OK, I instigated it."
I love she's beautiful
yes indeed :-)
yup... at the 3:35 mark you can see me in my yellow shirt... off to the left :)
yard trimmed and dog washed...where's my ice cream?!
Clearly. Didn't you know the entire web shuts down at 6 PM Pacific? /
Win a bottle of Riesling! Follow and stay tuned #TNI :)
i hope the suns end the season on a good note :-)
When you think about it, the NBA all-star game is really just a pick-up game. Amazing that people pay for overpriced tickets to watch.
you are welcome! rocked it today! Can't wait for tonight!
"Fuck you, bro. Pick up your own feet. Better yet, since this is the 21st century, how about you buy a car?" - the jingle horse
If he cheat it wasn't meant to be!
Stop living in regret baby, it ain't over yet.
RT : Attn taxpayers:In 16 mths, the O admin has increased the debt23%&unemployment2almost10%>stop feeding this beast!
Sports is so FICKLE.... Today on the radio: Miami needs to make a trade!
Secret Life of an American Teenager <3
he does :) and he goes on airplane mood. Too bad he doesn't fly..
We have the news here. 11:45 ET for the game. My estimation has the game ending sometime next November.
walk to the front pls
I like to fasten up things <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
like this page frndzzzz
THIS STORE IN VEGAS
so happy to have had the opportunity to go through the callback process with you! Thanks for having me in!
"please dont leave me..kill me..but instead you lef me with a broken heart i cant bear to have.." :'(
People who fight on facebook and post eachother's pics so others can diss them seriously need help..ohh and some heavy meds!
“: see u Friday at the concert man” yaa.. this show is gonna be off the hook
Mastering the final version of Sasha-cut me down remix. Stay tuned! Also, finished yesterday rough draft of kaskade raining remix.
I prefer "men of the [gb]ay area".
It's a grassroots campaign!
But things just get so crazy. Living life gets hard to do
Tried gaming with but mothers these days are impossible
Thx! Great case study!
I'm surprised they aren't trying to tax tobacco further for revenue. Gov't seems to dislike smokers as it is.
Incredible Talent you are Rachel.My biggest congratz! my neighbor friend was #Ruby, music director and i laughed tears at 2nd
I know right. If Elise Testone is eliminated before her, I'll probably stop watching. I watch it for Elise.
Man you aint never lied. I def miss those days.
I think the blond is going to be going tomorrow night
LAMs and fair use in digitizing orphans. Consider first the "nature" of the work. Factual/creative? published? available?
I might be with yo hoe call her sloppy no hands
Yeah, so, I'm up. I demand coffee
I've been happy with the episode so far.
I know people who have them... about three I think but they're not really my friends or anything haha (antisocial butterfly)
talking about #cyberspace, history of the internet, online identities, technolibertarianism, Barlow, Rheingold, Turkle today in
Happy that you are following me? Yes. Thanks.
Creating the box and then designing beyond it.
#SAYSOMETHIN NEEDS TO BE ON ITUNES ALREADY!
#whosgonnalose - NFL Playoffs - Green Bay at Arizona - Green Bay will lose (3-2 fsr vote)
You just summed up my work week.
I don`t know how i`m getting to bamboozle, or what i`m wearing, but i do know i`m going on sunday for &
No luck needed, I didn't have to work today so had nothing but time. :)
Which Grammy Nominees Have the Most Social Buzz [STATS]
Think 1000 Yrs. Envision the kind of future we want and work towards it. We don't have to sacrifice our children’s future to meet our needs.
HA!Love the apple fritter! ;)
No I figured you n yo bf was pose to be kickn it neway. I didn't wanna just cum mess y'all day up
I'm going to use this on my quest to stop smoking.
thanks for the follow, linda!
i want a hedgehog so bad :c they are so cute!!
Oh and by the way, YOU'RE WELCOME FOR ME BEING SO FUCKING NICE. Way to take advantage of.
We are 6 LIKES Away from 900! WHO HOOOOO!!!
Follow Please? I Want Her To Have An Early Birthday Gift(: she Loves You Alot
Caesar loved a good cab, too
Lingerie Football League on TV? My Sunday is MADE!
RT : Q for What do ppl want to know about FB and GM
These guys could learn a lot from Turkish filmmakers.
is exercising her brain.
My dad left me at walter c young, guess Im going to practice..
man what's good nigga u Mia now
#Elf at The #Strand Theatre in #Shelbyville Indiana starts at noon! Another showing at 6:30 pm!
this is awesome
Anybody using the footprint app on Droid? Ideas & thoughts?
today was supposed to be the day where my stepdad leaves to go to his brother house well i guess that plan is fucked up
Way to go guys, you would think you would have more. Any Great showing!!
If I should stay, I would only be in your way. So I'll go, but I know, I'll think of you every step of the way.
"World Peace Thrown Out of NBA Game for Decking Player." Ever think the world should end on Dec 21?
So much whiskey, so little time. But Palm Bay crabcakes make the day seem oh so much brighter. Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N. High St.
: "i have a bagillion step siblings...I'm essentially Cinderella." oh you are??
The Perfect Moment Goes Perfectly Viral - New Yorker (blog)
idk how to reply from my fone on crosswalk, but yes I'm at FNO
sweet! Thanks, Ken!
U ain't never gon find that type lol
Love the evening twittersphere. Thanks and for keeping it interesting!
RT : healthcare concerns continue to be the #1 barrier that i hear block entrepreneurs. more than $$$, more than ideas, more than ...
Omar Daniel's piece for our Composer Alive: Toronto project well be a series of shortish vignettes. A first for the composer alive project.
funny how they never let Lydia give her opinion? hm I guess if she wasn't on, none of us would even watch
u r AWESOMME! yesterday was AMAZING
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance? I kept my butt at home today
#NowWatching Perfect Husband: The Laci Peterson Story
Always crazy for Jonas Brotehrs ?
i put on pandora and falsetto by the dream came on lmao remember when you loved him
Happy National Volunteer Week! THANK YOU to all volunteers who help make The Messages Project possible.
kinda sorta not really :)
Monsoon storms here in AZ nice for a change.
I feel that way about hospitals!!
What's everyone up to tonight? Follow my personal twitter and let's talk!
Dennis Miller @ Celebrity Theater tonight was great! Off to Scottsdale, me thinks.
Super fun show with- The Great Fox, Shoreline Drive and The Mid-Summer Classic! Thanks to everyone who came out!!
Follow Me Please !! (= It Would Mean Alot !(:
you? I'm in room Number 1 barely packed. Heartbroken that Anjalique left and didnt say goodbye! :-(
How am I not acing this class? These kids are retarded.
Back at work. Missing the awesome conversations of #thatcamp #lac We'll always have twitter, I suppose.
Tryin to change my ways cause I know they aint right nd it make me look dumb but its soo hard...just gotta continue to pray about it !
THATS COOL. WHAT ONE?
No doubt man!
My cat just stepped on my ass crack! AWKWARD!! O.o
“: :) you can see our new offices! I'll be out during lunch but here the rest of the day.” sorry i didnt make it.. Mon?
Finally got through the first season of 24. Again. This show was amazing. Naturally I'm starting season 2 right mow
Just read a draft that finished with -30- Awesome? Yep.
Whats on your Christmas list this year Tweeps? We're thinking about giving out a few presents of our own to some followers!
#ifyouweremine i would tell everyone that you are the only one that i could ever want
that's cuz those stupid cookout ppl messed up our orders!! They cheated us out of food!! >:0
is just that much better than harry potter!!!!!!
Thank you . I just visited Brendon's site and he is amazing. We are both very blessed.
Thing is, the difference between T-Rich and other RBs is quite big. Top 5 WRs/3 CBs have few differences between them.
Yay boo follow me
I'm due to meet up with and the Kenya crew, so I'll be just heading to the hotel restaurant.
thanks for the follow. Loved your LA Affairs column.
It's a good thing I learned early on how to compartmentalize my feelings, because I should be on the verge of absolute panic right now.
they have hashtags that change on screen throughout the show. Hope u are doing well!
Good morning Boston twitter Fans! How is everyone doing today?
Hey British followers! Just wondering, what are your images of American girls? Be honest, just curious :)
LOL preparing for the worst.. aka falling asleep
please send good luck wishes to our #salyardsbengals on their STAAR tests next week!
I have a major case of the "I don't wanna go home"s
yeah!!! Lol u see that huh??? Making moves!!!
Looks good! What is it?!
Thank You. I hope your weekend goes great as well.
If you only knew... HA! RT sure looks like oodles of character & personality :) (not #sarcasm, #serious)
Which one is it? Cool locale?
Let's make that one of many to come. Displaced Brooklynites are hard to come by:-)
#alwaysajonasfan for suree! I hope so and yeaa hah I'll take a picture and caption it that (; lol
I wish I was a mind reader, so I could find out how you truly feel about me.
Ruadhan Ward at 11 and Mark Waldoch at noon today at the market!
Dementia may be linked to stress
Why is my neighbor mowing his lawn at 9 p.m.? Yes, it's light out, but it's not as if it was hot earlier today.
confession: I've been stalking the studio pics on + 's instagrams and it looks AMAZING
I LUV your version!!!!
Supposedly 6k newspaper jobs cut in 2009. What, 3,500 new Patch and Groupon jobs? Plus a couple indie news sites here and there. Good trade?
Call me #AlumniCoan !!!
Yes. Some just don't care. But some do! A lot do actually!
I'm scared to put the time in.
Thank you for RTs & mentions!
If Metta World Peace played on my team, I would die of stress. SO many ups and downs.
Dawn Saunders, owner of ABQ School of Massage in Albuquerque, New Mexico
Shout out ... BEmagazine is more than a magazine...its a tool used to exude confidence to oneanother...so wats your "BE" today
RT : Great design is key to clear thinking and communications
Apparently, water slides are quite a workout for a woman my age. My muscles are complaining today. :)
The horsedog is in the horsedog hospital so and I will be by tomorrow for a dog fix of a different kind!
Go'bama I don't care how late it is, you said equal rights, I like it.
Tomorrow is my birthday! No real estate work...just relaxing with great friends!
Late #lunchbreak? Our burritos are just the cure for that
Happy Birthday to the cutest button ever I love you :-*
Should have stayed in bed.
paddy's pub is a real place in Philadelphia and it's sunny!
to experience acting. It's not about being taught how to do it, it's to experience it to see if it's really for you.
Me an mom r goin out to eat! Cant wait cuz im HUNGRY!
On a date with my boyfriend,
ull be ok. Wanna chat about it? Txt?lol
email is kind of an ethical bribe
happy year darling! I'm so thankful of for introducing me to the best thing since sliced bread
I recall some indie friends saying they admired (among other strategies) when someone obeyed a Vatican silencing. That it cd speak volumes.
Don't forget to stop in tonight! We're open from 5-7pm for all home games!
Writing on #masculinity within social systems.
Bill! Don't you worry I went to the cages yesterday I'll be ready. I'm due for a bomb.
just bought my for my first 3-day cleanse!
of course im ready and so is vero! Get here! When do you arrive?
I Ask Myself The Same Question .
tell then we need diff paid mods. Im srs fed up!!!!
Where r u RT : I'm good & you
saw the largest collection of Rodin outside of Paris, along with Monet, Manet, Picasso, some F-ing insane furniture with exquisite inlays.
If I want to teach a small section (30 pgs) of Fred. Douglass' biography in a US history survey course, which part? Got any recs ?
yeah -- awkward tanlines -- I wear my BMF while playing softball or walking outside in the sun for Vitamin D
I exist and I love you.
ah ha sorry about that ... old tweet. I will have a demo here next week. Give me a week will followup then.
I need to stop thinking about Bali and start studying for my engineering classes. Finals are coming up. Oh the joy. Lol.
i take tha back i dnt noe who is in the house ;/
hahaha that's an Arab dummy
those followers who are strangers yeah lol
On Tv
I hate itchy bras.
lol ok u got it :)
i am shocked to say whoever this girl is she got Dennis the Menace sprung bahahaha /////
The line up, tonight Crown Club, tomorrow Daytime Drais Pool Party (FEMALES ONLY NO EXCEPTIONS), tomorrow night PLAYHOUSE VMA AFTERPARTY!!
I don't think that's weird at all =) I wish I could take my favorite professors that may times
Success is a team sport. Every team member has strengths that compensate for the lack in others. The effect is an exponential power increase
haha of course best part
Well that settles it; im gonna make these wrongs rights.
I wonder if you smile at my texts like i smile at yours.
#kony absouletly failed, so what's next???
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 51
if they still decide to give back are they considering an "alumnus" then?
is my dude! See you this summer homeboi
I fell last night... Bashed my head on a cement bench. Lmfao my head is hurting SO bad.
Cinco de mimosa
Social media is a way to make old, but still relevant, content new
lol not at all its the batters fault he couldn't hit the ball fair
thanks for joining us with your mom! Hope you had a great time!
RT : "Be ignited, or be gone." - poet Mary Oliver, as recited by Marquette students. #BeTheDifference #muprez via :
Funny... People who dont have a twitter and then just make one think this is the hardest thing in the world to use Haha
The information in a book is not just textual but infused with memory - Richard Minsky, paraphrased
Great!!! Glad to hear that.
Im shocked..Whitney houston gone..
(c) that gives you no fucken right to sit there and talk shit. why cant you stfu and just support Justin?! Damn I swear ppl are fucken dumb.
i don't know what that means, brother. but you know what i do know? the conservative government can't be trusted with money!
MY way or the highway BETCH!
I Just Wanna Be Successful....#AtWhatEverIDo!!
its funny seeing pretty chicks with bum ass boyfriends lmao
For you older people, Darryl Sutter reminds me of Chef Barth from You Cant Do That on Television.
Haven't done it but first thing I'd try would be coconut milk.
hahah wait are they really a thing now or
The night club 2 be @ this Wednesday only
Avery is better than Jordan, what is Tommy talking about.
Most music becomes the background noise of a generation. Rare is the artist who defines it. RIP Levon Helm.
you're welcome, capîtan.
Don't Lie To Someone Who Trusts You, Don't Trust Someone Who Lies To You.
your vote for best band to see at #ACL today?
Cops and crazy homeless lady at Copper state, I barely missed it all go down . . . . FML
favorite book? facebook. (;
RIP Dick Clark: Madonna, Janet Jackson,Quincy Jones, Katie Couric &amp; More ... - E! Online
Wishing u a Great Tuesday to u all Stay
heard it on the radio sitting in Lincoln Tunnel traffic I want to murder frank now
Headed to possibly the douchiest bar in Chicago for free drinks. Life's about trade-offs.
lol priceless! Nice meeting ya last night!
you ok?
that's awful funny because I heard the EXACT same thing about Ryan Adams!
zombie survival tip # 601 - during a zombie apocalypse, try to use hiking boots or combat boots instead of regular sneakers
Finding outright giddy enjoyment in the bizarre, eclectic mix of things that play with every track from a CD collection on random shuffle.
I'm planning on doing a weekly t-shirt give away, click the like button if you think that would be cool.
#newplay Yes, the notion of 'turg is old. Yale class as a marker for a notion of "professional" field with standardized practices.
Thanks, Megan! I'm excited about it...
Thanks so much for sharing the measurement series !
I dont like today! But Ill have to make it out of it alive.
The Humane Society of Bay County will be at First Friday Fest tonight. Come check out the pets looking for forever homes.
nice :) Jbr is cool man on earth sweet and down to earth
#NBAplayoffs east predictions Boston vs philly - #Celtics in 6
Has anyone told you lately how awesome you are!!?? ;-)
#fail RT Well placed GOP source tells me House R's will take payroll standoff down 2 wire¬ consider an endgame till next week
That strawberry kellog's bar was so damn good
Yung fly guy no parachute... # I'm narley dude
Great speech @ #PENFest12 tonite! "Art is stronger than censorship, but artists are vulnerable"
oh yea i think you meant ass BANGING, i do that a lot, girls like it rough what can i say. :D
I am teaching myself how to cook Ethiopian since I miss Cafe Colluci so much...tonight mitten shouro and Atakilt wat...yum!
well your right. but just a tip...change your name
Just so you knows, the Roaches Crawling On You While You Sleep Alarm Clock (RCOYWYSAC *patent pending*) is also available in other models.
Ohh, okay.. I see. ;D lol, I'll do that.
happy b-day to good peeps and
yoga does take time but the effects are longer lasting as opposed to crash diets etc
inquisitive - you have been warned. Thats great b'cuz "Inqiring Minds want to KNOW" Nice to meet'chu! I'm GordonBlu.
TY, Rima. I only know Russian (and very rusty) but have been told by Poles that Herbert's Eng trans are spot on
Do u think about me
Why are haven't you gone to bed????RT : Why am I in such a good mood? .......
Just read the "Ladies of the Leaf: Part I" feature in Can't wait for Part II.
So what would be the rating of the "Martina McBride" Ride?
Alex I <3333333333333333333 not much more to say
Watching 7News Now right now. I think they deserved that Emmy.
I'm wide awake.
Working on a collaborative cover with another artist. Oh Darling by Should be cool!
RT : Having eye contact for more than 7 seconds without looking away or blinking reveals a desire for either sex or murder.
shouldn't it be Clinton813/757 haha! Hope you are well. Be sure to also chk out !
Paris adds another and leads 6-3 going to the bottom of the 7th
not if wins...
n Dort are tossing bags, should be interesting!!
I'm still having trouble understanding why every single sandwich in this town ISN'T made with Vietnamese bread.
LUCKY!!! Lol haha but I love the wind here I love the cold not the sunny days :)
You would be hahaha
Senator Boxer presses NRC on issues at Calif nuke plant BusinessWeek Issue is whether operator Southern CA Edison sidestepped any federal
hey... i just saw papi jump and downloaded it cuz i had it on my old ipod touch. i'm not actually gonna BUY anything.
“: I'm Sammy and I think you and should get married.” I'm Loren... And I agree ((;
I don't give a fuck about anyone not liking me, just don't smile in my face when you see me <U+2755>
<U+E411><U+E412> RT : if you on twitter on your avi is edited with words and shit.. here take this rope.. do us a favor.
the pastor is in love???
It's Always basketball season! “: John Calipari is trending and its not basketball season #WeAreUk #BBN”
um barneyss always been naked?
HAPPY HOUR FROM TUE - FRI ALL BEERS AND COCKTAILS $ 1 OFF FROM 4 TO 7 PM!
can you go out Saturday?
Respect those friends who find time for you in their busy schedule, but really LOVE those who never see their schedule when you need them.
"But that's not an excuse to tell the vast majority of responsible, hard working Americans--you're on your own. " President Barack Obama
- Thank you, sweetheart. You're doing well too, I trust...
This burger and cheese curds taste so delicious right now
are you at the furrie bar?
oh yea? This dumb ass lady almost hit me switching lanes when I was right next to her!
Use the "next" button under the image to scroll through the piece. It was a blast to catch up with so many old friends.
Roommate and I were in fits.
Humid? It's a beautiful 65 degrees today!
Going to White House to meet Mr Next Week i can't wait :) *giggles*
Why is she even making us do work!!?
Crusty. "No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens." ~Abraham Lincoln
Ironic: I am currently deeply into my 2nd consecutive all nighter
Bone-saw is ready!
thanks for the awesome signature ! You guys where amazing!
i head to the barn, breathe in the horses, and lose myself on a long ride...
Very nice photos -- tight body, muscular, but not freaky.
you're the best :)
Lol I'm kidding with you. What are you up to sir?
Great Twitter handle for you!
« A bitch or nigga that smokes cigarettes cant be no friend of mines»
congrats to the Philedelphia Inquirer on the Pulitzer! Sweet!
I wish everyone in my class read The Maze Runner book and that would be so cool! Everyone would just be calling each other shanks..
Hello Monday & Good Morning! I LOVE YOU!
that's nice of you! <3
I imagine the announcer from NBA jam
Golf Tips Forum Is Active At Golfers Advice Ltd. Golf tips forum is active at Golfers advice Ltd. There is already activity appearing on
*Patting myself on the back for recommending him way back when*. LOL He is definitely fun to work with.
oh I did. It was epic. I'd give it a 9. Almost impossible to get much better than that, right? 9ski!!!
Thanks for the #sxsw Accelerator Props !!
A few residents petitioned 4 a WF on the Westbank in New Orleans to no avail back in '08. Told not profitable.
Glad to hear you're doing well. I know you're working hard and it will be worth it. Have fun up in NYC - that's where I'm from
I wanna make egg rolls
Yes, ma'am! I've got my hit list for the weekend. How about you?
Cheryl has the most expressive face. Wonderful!
...with lemonade!
Sleep school work repeat. Forever.
Great Halloween night out! RT : Avoid the line tomorrow night & get your NOTLD: the puppet show tx in advance at the Oriental!!
"Don't let the sun set without taking some strides down the road to your goal." - Thomas D. Willhite
haha thanks :) hope yours went well!
Good luck mate, hope it works out for you, peace
Thank you!
lol I have another reason.. so text me lmao
Camping this weekend! <U+26FA>
Okay, so twitter poll: How many grew up hearing, reading and learning "abstract lesson" instead of "object lesson?" (I did BTW)
I have silver hand grenades ready RT: Very excited for tonight's super moon. Not looking forward to the mega-werewolves.
This nikkah right here <<< birthday tomrw!!
Congrats to on the recent funding and new Reward product announcement. and team are great. Got my pom-poms on!
Thanks for including me in your 10,000 tweet!
Thanks! That's awesome. Proud to be a CSU Ram baby!
Thanks for the RT
It's not summer till you see lightning bugs. I just saw lightning bugs.
#HappyBithdayIsThisIt. Can't believe it's been 10 years.... I guess its true. Life DOES Go On.
Where have you been for the last 12 years then?
“: tell Sister Fitness I wish I lived closer! I loved them!”
Haters gotta hate, eh?
Glad to be back at Product Design Guild SF. Seeing familiar faces is always nice. New faces too.
. Here is one question of ten possible for FALLEN ANGELS: "Who is the author of the book?"
That's awesome! Care to share some advice/encouragement to others trying to make the jump?
SOME valid points, but I disagree with the "over break so students can go" idea
Should be a gohst writer for rappers in need lol yo tweets be better den most niggas songs lmao
Wow! Three freshmen boys got letters
Thanks for sharing =)
There's a place up ahead and I'm goin' just as fast as my feet can fly Come away, come away if you're goin', leave the sinkin' ship behind
Whenever I describe software, I find myself constantly reaching for the phrase "makes it possible to ..." That, really, sums up programming.
aghhh, silly me thinking you'd forget. Fine. I've definitely got plenty of dilemma to share.
I've heard that if u want time to pass you just wait. ;)
Hey, look at that, 1000 tweets. I wish there was a quick + easy way to look at my old ones.
Best practices for e-connectivity
We know it's #Fridaythe13th which is supposed to be bad luck but at least it's FRIDAY!
Day two of Houdini donkey escaping from the pasture to "greener" pastures aka the yard and my garden.
Who the hell is on the phone with?
Got a lot of writing/graphing to do this weekend. Testing #iPad armed with iWork Suite as a viable laptop replacement.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle diary of a mad titty
Time to relax another night of pressure washing, cleaning up Las Vegas complete.
what's a desperate housewife?
....so far its an epic fail lol
My a$$ is freaken freezing
RT : To fund student loans, GOP would cut women's health care. And women will get no coverage for the insult added to injury.
The Jimmer (BYU) tore up SDSU again despite good defense. Has to be one of top Player of Year candidates.
Hope so
Don't let money make you
awsome pix I saved it ty
He posted up a dick collage and tagged it under nature..lmfao..now hes banded i think.
I haven't brushed my teeth in like...9 hours and my mouth feels absolutely disgusting.
fuck u and where u came frum
Im upset with how people are treated. It disgusts me how cruel some people can be. If anybody needs to talk to or just a friend im here.
We could definitely build one in Vegas!
Post uplifting quotes on Facebook to encourage friends to stick to diet and exercise.
I feel so close to you right now#it's a force field^_^
Funny how 4 customer services reps hung up the phone whenever I asked their i.d. number. How do these pple get away w/ this?!
i wouldnt say wasted... we both got what we wanted ;)
Mirrors can't talk. And lucky for you, they can't laugh either.
Sasha is back! #eeeep!
which did you end up buying? Just got a new one myself and was curious since you never got a chance to say on the show.
Exhausted from an 8 and 6 year old... what fun!
I'm usually vocal but when I'm too quiet, that means watch out! Lbvs I'm on somethin'
boo america. i hate you. all wrong.
At the same time as studios are making the Hobbit they're letting fans to vote on actors for the Runelords production.
Thanks for following my tweets. Looking forward to following yours too! Blessings!
what up
I wish i can see it but...my mom wont let me and i know is a great movie cuzz i saw the trailer :)
Ooh! Even better!
It may be all right to be content with what you have; never with what you are. - B. C. Forbes
Why Do People Tell Me To Text Them, You Got A Phone Text Me, Smh . <<<<
Okay , how much is it going to cost us to get a tweeted tweet editor?
i wanna add you but I'm scared.... D:
It's hot here in Miami!!!
ha you must live in the hood. Lol
Is there a list anywhere of who's saying no? (And who's saying yes?)
was that a time zone joke, or an economics joke?
: Congrats to our client for being selected as an IMPACT Award Finalist!
I forgot to note that I am no longer on the roller coaster. I finished riding on it yesterday, several minutes after I got on.
"Music for Love" - Mario
Inspiring people left and right RT " Guess who wants to go to Thailand now? #thisgirl #loveyou"
I'm stretched out in a quiet house. Awesome/Uncomfortable
I know! Terrible timing :( We can buy all of KC's scooby snackes to make up for it!
Gotta go to the grocery store and then go to Lowes to get more mulch for the garden. I remember when my weekends actually used to be fun...
It's birthday today!! Can you send her some HUMP day and BDAY love?? Double whammy! Happy HUMP BIRTHDAY !!
Apple workers in different countries are dicks.
Thanks for including us!
Girl you dont need make up, you can take it all off. #ILoveYou for who you are.
Babyoncé! My favorite word of the month. Couple that with my fav phrase "my other other Benz"
I like keyboard nav too. Liked Jared's comment last night during #a11ychat, but it's a future world before it happens.
yeah, I know. :) I haven't seen them either and I even have the series on dvd.
I missed hip the shirt off!!!
I know. I was only joking. xD I don't sleep much remember?
I have Damien Williams just above Laurent Robinson
bacon is bacon, eggs is eggs, don't let them boys between Ur legs. they say Ur cute, they call u fine, 9 months later they say it ain't mine
Tryin chase my dream now I just ball out wit my team
nice! Are you on Facebook?
Got my first choice workshop for #saa2012 Teaching Intertextually sounds like its going to be great.
Only a few more days to explore Columbus restaurants with week. These menus look so tasty! Where do you plan on going?
where the hell did u get your profile pic at?!? Hahah!
Will we see you in Gainesville a week from Sunday? Should be a great one!
When God is asking for ur time, for u to serve & u say no...what is that? Disobedience...
I won Mini Supreme at AUE Nationals..which is huge!! That is one of my most favorate pageants.
Hell yeah there the best.
you a hoe
Need to go shopping and buy Ray Bans and summer clothes, literally have none..
NCCMLS Free Membership, Free Listings, Free to Search, Free Broker Banner AD, AND NOW FREE LEADS! www.NCCMLS.com
Yeah, MJ wasn't hiding nothing, speaking what was in his heart. What are you gonna do. Hey, I like the new avatar.
start that mutha fuckin record over
I saw you more as the Construction Worker myself.
ahh it is<3 proud moment
Does anyone else want to see UL beat MSU? UK vs UL in The Final Four would be crazy.
Zen thought of the day: There is no cure for hot and cold.
Nothing with the words achy and breaky are a mistakey Campbell. Long live Billy Ray and his ape drape.
#FF our awesome neighbors -
Jeydon Wale () is a crazy fothermucker who should follow me ;)"
Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.
Countdown...85 Days...Michigan Football :)
dang y u move way out there?
I'm so jealous I had no idea you were going!
if a previous tweet was correct, happy birthdays to you are in order! (wish I had a #tweer for you.)
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube, please follow me back and i love your videos. =)
Every Girl Say They Don't Want A Broke How Is That So If Them.#RegularAssNigga AKA #ClownAssBitches Get U And Ask U 4 Dollars.
Next time you go to a restaurant with your mate, ask for the most secluded table.
That Mercy beat is ridiculous..... Idc who don't like Kanye.... You gotta always respect his talent!
people need to hear more about value of privacy, agency for youth. Also, the #nymwars aren't over...
FALSE! RT RT By lettin a nigga take care of you is allowing him to have too much power over you
Thanks and everyone else for voting us into the #1 spot for best museum in ABQ!
Read the comments on your "Teacher FB Picture" article. An apology is needed for a bad/biased segment.
but seriously..whataya gonna do?
I love the mug, unless it clashes with your tie.
They get away with everything here... (if your white) -.-
cool. i've been using #goodreads too for about 3 years, but i'm kinda curious about #shelfari now
Is it just me, or is this one of the wackiest ACC Tournaments ever? Go ABD!!!
Kudos! on free video for the Experts Industry Association standards and practices. Thanks for sharing & caring once again!
Figure Skating in the City is looking for 20 middle school girls who want to learn how to skate! Parents call 410-905-2058 for more info!
Its hot as hell probably not i hear its quite steamy down there
sounds good, i'll DM you :)
I AM TROY DAVIS
You too! Yes, definitely.
Did you try the Ecademy? RT : Committed here last week to take time to learn to use Hootsuite
Re: Surveillance sphere: It's also being made by those lovable Swedes, so no worries.
Um, it is your job! :) <-- Good point. Reason 87 you should be running my life.
So I'm just going to take the risk of driving back to work
Sorry about the WiFi issue yesterday. Can you provide some details for us? Was there a signal but you weren't able to connect, etc.?
I think you need to intervene now. He's just spitting out lie after lie.
You know Dallas caint hang with them bro lol
im really bored
Sweet home Chi town
I've put together an extensive report on the #Broncos 2012 Draft. Love to get your thoughts.
Finally got this warping thang down in Ableton Live
Does the case I selected meet the requirements for the chapter 5 homework?
#lhc78 make a commitment to be great this week and make a plan to make it happen! Our kids depend on our commitment!
Instead of whack a mole I prefer slap a hoe. this reminded me of you . (;
“: Additionally her cousin has a little girl named savannah, she is going to become a sims, we have to fly to Phoenix to get her"
I think I might be the only person not familiar with the Beastie Boys. I know a couple popular songs, but that's about it. Eff cancer tho.
this is where lots of drugs and alcohol come in
I think it will be great!
Jamie's lookin to get fancy again...
: Now, we have the #InterWeb unveiling a new dimension (#LinkedData) to an old problem (#bigdata access & integration).
sounds fabulous. Where r u guys?
One very annoying things is a lot of these "DC_*" user groups are actually in Nova and not DC. #DevIgnition bo
Manicotti, garlic bread, salad, & small drink for $7+tax makes a great dinner special!
They are a great group to work with and already making progress toward their goals. I'm enjoying them just as much.
W/ #Mubarak out & w/ #Islamists in, no one is there in #Egypt to stop fr attacking #Israel fr the
thanks for the mention. New update with some more features coming today or tomorrow.
i join ! But were going on summer 12!
drunk was me lastnight ...!
"A cheerful look brings joy to the heart" Proverbs 15:30. Smile at someone while you are at lunch - people need joy!
of course I did!
I am following back you can check so follow and get more follower
LOL Yes, Bryan is the hot robot one, Michael is the hot Dennis the Menace-y one.
i love my lady curves.
I gotta go cop that #DreamChasers2 when I get outta school
And then Chris is gonna have to get a massive tan and look like go Diego go
I just used algebra!
lol it's a $110 a person in commissions, I get paid the next day... Not bad for a part-time gig.
Amen sister! : Runnin my dog at the dog park! So beautiful out here!
bout to hit up the studio w an make a summer hit!
That will help with accuracy without a doubt.
We can't wait to do it up again this Saturday night with and
Home inspection is a wrap! No deal breakers. Just some ticky tacky things that may involve me learning to become "handy".
Hello, 80 degree day! ADDY setup, run thrus & ready to give awards to area's best tonight. On fire.
06085. Where it's at.
"Old Pork Sandwich"
Big Sis's kick ass, esp. when they got Gaga ticks! Love You lol
SOB's this Wednesday...8pm sharp! U heard?? lets do it one mo time for 2011
An alley-oop from Rondo to my boy Stiemsma. Loves it!!
Earthquakes suck !
When it comes to girls usually I'm nit down with 2nd chances so take advantage of situations, you only live once no time to sit and wait.
<3 you and will always support you. follow me? - tiffany
Friday night... 10pm and you commit to staying up all night cuz its the weekend. 10:45pm you fall asleep.
Awl yea I remember....lol I was like wtf is she taalkin bout for a min. But yea let me get them up off yu tho
And of course the winner: The vision of a champion is bent over, drenched in sweat at the point of exhaustion when nobody else is watching.
EA in you
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed. ~Irene Peter
thanks for the birthday wishes!! :)
the next time you decide a WI mock tornado drill is a good idea, advertise it a bit better. Also put "test" on your tv broadcasts.
Reverb is very pretty :)
i got spammed -.- so i had to change my password
It's not just about X'ing on the web app. The story notice appears in all emails/contact my design students have through Lore.
David Russell~ The hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn.
seems like a good ass meal !
thank you #barmethod for starting wednesday right!
I don't think Pandora will bring Apple down at all... now, some OTHER Google products have potential. ;)
Vegas baby.
ROFL! Lazy Sunday, wake up in the late afternoon, call Gigi just to see how she doin'
that too! although i'm trying to be more prepared for interviews this time around by prepping answers to common questions.
haha I'm so sorry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
doin it right.
Shoutout to Welcome back Welcome back Welcome Back
I recently upgraded my laptop to a quadcore, 17" screen. Kudos to #Carbonite for making it so easy to move all of my files to the new pc!
I'm not quite sure how to handle this one boss...
when is the application due for 2013 ride? :)
"Have told you lately I love you like crazy." -Eli Young Girl
w/#GOP actively repealing employment & #labor protections, how exactly does that argument work?
Movement Happens sends us to Charles Dobson and article on social movement.
that could be dangerous!!!
i can't be. it's OK, i saw you got engaged!!! congrats. hope you & the future mrs. ricky bobby jr. have fun planning!
not sure. We just got home and power was out. BGE does not know either.
Maybe Carmageddon will force me to memorize my lines for this short film.
its too early to be awake...
this car smells like pizza and flesh. And regret.
Finally have a day off, spending my morning watching a Supernatural marathon on TNT. Reminds me of good times with :)
DC weather - amazing today
#frasier and bed..
": This is gonna be a badass series" bad ass short series this one going 5 Spurs 4-1
Our dream is to have freestyle on a track for our new album
#WhenLifeGivesYouLemons eat 'em. Cause hey. Free lemons.
the same..jus makin a lil music
OH, someone getting on the bus: "Ooh, what's that smell?" My thought: That's what I think every time I get on the bus.
Took dog to HHI on long wkd. Storms. Now giving dog prescribed valium to cope with said storms. #firstworld doggiedaddyproblems
RT : ...i would love for you to work with <----Let's make it happen
Narnia and then kicking back and playing a card game wiff family pretty good day:))
Morning! If you live with a fear to fail attitude, a lot of times you will either panic or question yourself to be unproductive!
thinking i need to stay off twitter until after i catch up on the #madmen season 5 premiere....
Better idea: laps at the Y at Bedford & Metro., for a $37 dollar / 6 mos membership! Bikini ogling only at McC
Hi fellas, is the song list on your site up to date?
No don't be sorry I'm mean why should you? I only asked you because I didn't know whether it was a YES or a NO & now that I know
MGIC Settles Historic Mortgage Insurance Case Involving Maternity Leave - Forbes
definetly....sealed shut.
Unemployment insurance is a pre-paid vacation for freeloaders. (Quote by - Ronald Reagan) Kind of an ass.
I'm nervous and very hyper so I'm doing weird things tonight lolol
Good morning everyone !
your welcome.
lmaooo i was jk anyways! :p
love that song
The year has just flown.
hope to see you in Concord at the B&T vendor fair Wed morn! Visit us at booth 71, Embassy Suites!
Well we're pretty happy to BE your daily doughnut store! Thanks!
What's up Everyone????? How's Everybody Doing?-kieran
I need to work where you work...all the #FreeTime LOL
Thanks for edit. Need to learn tweet language.
When boys wrap their arms around you and make you feel warm.
Roger that!
Agreed. And thank you for the service and sausage. Happy Memorial Day. RT : Thank you for your service and sacrifice.
I don't mind, he's cuddly :)
radio on pandora has been getting me through my entire day.
RT : In town for Thanksgiving? Come in for Wed. night tours for 3 nonperishable food items !
These fries are really hitting the spot right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>.
Today's acronym collision: #OGP. Open Graph Protocol from Facebook, and the Open Government Partnership.
Here we go .... lets go #LAKings #GoKingsgo Take the #Yotes out.... I bet is dead excited....
whats your favorite sports team of all time?
"Shes mean" "Nobody likes her" I didn't notice, We were friends, It's gone.
I think I'll lean on Psalm 40 in it's entirety today
My buddy, back in high school, dated a girl named Nikki. They used to play Darling Nikki and fuck all night. THAT'S SO AWESOME!
We've got a bad ass in here <U+E422>
Beautiful chilly morning for a walk and talk on the First Night footprint with local visionary J Edwards
hey there sexc cupcake
Great meeting with Nai'vasha Intl today! Love the looks for the show based on 2012-2013 trends.
Words can't describe what an amazing feelings it is to have wrapped the pilot for !! Very bittersweet but years in the making
Silly me...i totally forgot to mention that i'm performing with Test Market on Sunday. Artifice. 8pm
It's coming man! Thanks for being patient, we are trying to keep up.
asap rocky - get lit
I am so upset right now :/ lol
Poised Creation would like to honor the careers of Led Zepplin!
RT : I need out this house
S/O to for taking all our pictures yesterday!
“: Buffets are so scary to me!” It's an unsexy trough!
Have to agree with Bin Laden on one thing - Joe Biden is "utterly unprepared" to be POTUS.
basking in the afterglow of a very well attended City Birthday Party and reconnecting with Tim Cuprisin. Yea, Tim! This Tweet's for you!
I'm ready for school to ENNNNNDDDDDDDDDDD.
Tebow prayed to God for the Broncos to win the Superbowl. God then picked up Manning and traded Tebow
Back in The Ville for the weekend. Last time to relax before finals.
"The freedom of religion, and to believe as one sees fit, is our `first freedom' under the United States Constitution.
they traded back into the second to grab Casey Hayward. A DB from Vandy.
of coarse!-Kelly
bought a book today. hope it changes my life for the better!
this friday for our next special. Celebrate #SBW just a bit longer with our 3 craft for $12 special! .com
Sad Face ..
Frank Serpico is at John Jay College this afternoon >> giving a speech on the importance of government whistleblowers.
PS what makes you think I'm your sweetie or even a woman for that matter?
sent an email through the merchant contact page. Hope to connect
$5 off your next order through sat. tastysummer is the magic code
Christmas needs to get here NOW! I want my PLL friendship bracelet that Ali made! Then after that Jan. 3rd needs to come so i can watch PLL!
again, just because he was doesn't make it right! or mean he is good! ...
#palepeopleproblems ... wow this was made for me
Rolling Stone names Hendrix best guitarist ever Photos | Rolling Stone names Hendrix best guitarist ever Pictures - Yahoo! News
no more wasting time...
Hope everyone had a great 4th of July. I think I converted some tobacco smokers yesterday at the fireworks. Was a good day for change :)
Who went to the Essence Festival last weekend? I feel like I missed out!! Going next year for sure. Does anyone have suggestions on hotels?
Sucks feeling like you're drifting away from that one person.
really??I kno that process can be very nerve wrecking!! Y'all tryna stay in the same area to right??
Is that really the most efficient way to clean a track? With two days worth of suspense, this better have one heck of an ending.
Today we celebrate 42 years of LIFE! // Happy Birthday!
I'ma record it lmao
I know things get hard but boy you got it boy you got it there you go, cant you tell by how they lookin at you everywhere you go
To all those that don't know, session hijacking is when someone steals a login #cookie sent over #unencrypted connections, and login as you!
We simply do not know what the future holds. P. E. Bernstein
I know a trick that will make u forget about that headache
"People who drink light 'beer' don't like the taste of beer; they just like to pee alot." -Capital Brewery, Middleton, WI
Thank you :)
He who would teach men to die would at the same time teach them to live.
Nothing like a good creative brainstorm!
so I'm never late
Played hooky from work Tee time arrived 7:55 lost 8 balls on 9 holes lost my truck keys found my keys 2 hours later...worth every minute
what happened to all my twitter friends?
Considering the polarity of our two major parties, maybe it's time we brought this campaign back.
I call it muffin. Muffin sounds fluffy.
Is it legal to destroy eggs of an endangered species? Are they considered living?
but that's not all there is to golf! That's why I'm domed
lol I've got one that makes no sense either. I'm still baffled by it
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "The first to Apologize is the BRAVEST. The first to Forgive is the STRONGEST. The first to Forget is the HAPPIEST."
Tristan juss thinks I'm finna watch these lame cartoons all day. No sir!
it was a rough day. :/
Dear #soccer parents, If ur daughters didn't use 300 yards of the stuff this year, we wouldn't have had to substitute panty liners for gauze
Heading to to open for see you there!!
My course @ the Institute 4 Integrative Nutrition starts today! I'm officially on my journey 2 being a certified holistic health counselor!
It cracks me up that they bought 19 copies of the book, THEN read some reviews and decided to pull it.
Holy Cow it is georgous outside! And I will be working until after sundown... Oh well. This weekend I am riding my motorcycle nonstop!
.com/1826268/desks-where-creativity-goes-to-die Great #article about #creativity!
I knew rondo was going to miss that jumper
Much love back at you!! :) RT : I have the most amazing web design team! Efficient, patient & BADASS! Thank you !!
Gorgeous day for the range. Have to get my game back into shape, and need to escape the real world for awhile.
Your welcome! :)
Where is the 30&over crowd partying tonight.
Blake was the last Class 1A team to win the state title in 2009, aside from Warroad.
Neurotic to the bone no doubt about it.
you rock.
Summer is getting close and we are pumped to be leading some camps! Can't wait to see you all!
who fought ?
That's great! Glad we could help out.
stop by for a taste and to say hello at the #b2bexpo!
haha alright :p
If you can get a tattoo your eyeballs, you can most certainly get white tattoo ink. ;)
100%. Also TONYs, Architects, Records, Interior Designs, Crains, Arch News..!!!RT : anyone else get magazine overload anxiety?
#ChristianGrowth not letting the bully overtake me anymore! Satan get thee behind me!!!
Just changed my
Today we are getting serious for the first time and we are talking about suicide prevention in our community. We want to hear your thoughts.
about 2000 out of 6500 sounds about right. Enjoy your priceless day, Sunday!
You're very welcome!
Defended HOME program fr R attacks at hearing today. It gave NYC $2.1 billion to rehab 16k #affordablehousing units in last 20 yrs.
In Music Meeting- Arcade Fire “Ready To Start” it’s haunting and poppy- I like
I will think twice about touching anything on #muni. Just saw a man's bare ass crack rub all over a metal hand rail.
Take away my troubles, take away my grief Take away my heartaches in the night like a thief-Crazy Love, Aaron Neville
Answer on FB. I completely 100% support this resolution, I have this as a campaign issue on my website. baileyforchange.com
Hes the only person im constantly texting.
WOW!!! i just talk to our beloved president on the phone he gave me support to campaign for him
Kendra: It was very nice to meet you at the DFW Writers Conference, too. Look forward to reading your tweets.
Via , Douglas County lineman Blake Nowland has been offered by CU.
#GoSpursGo RT Brent Barry just verified my belief that the Spurs coaching staff really, really knows what it is doing.
Watching the old Star Trek programmes, they're quite charming ha.
It's perfect!!
loss to the ravens?
She Haten On Money
damn do any1 got ryan bingaman #
#kannaboom New Locking Class at Culture Shock Thursdays 630pm
No Worries & Feel better! & I had a good meeting...The Ideas are flowing! cc
true. and there were some other people around as well... and i think maybe giant orange balloons?
glad you're loving it! :)
Uva Ursi in right amts&dose can help the bladder. Staying on it too long can make the bladder oversensitive. check with an ND.
When in doubt, bring up a US open cup victory. Classic.
I had so much fun time in New York while i was rehearsing with the iNickelodeonShow cast! We are ready to film the new episodes!
Happy Opening Day folks!! This means summer is coming and a new year for the cubs haha
Why do some rollers rest the paint on a surface better then others? It's all about the nap!
saw wordtheatre tonight. Your stories feel like borrowed memories. Truly lovely
SP2 install only took about 20 minutes. It was painless.
No More Country on &#39;Idol,&#39; but a Soul Powerhouse Emerges
jesus better help me when i go to church today cos things aRE NOT OK SMH
Unfollowed someone 5 xs and it keeps following her back on its own. Wouldn't be an issue if she didn't think I was a devil worshipper.
Let us know when you're in ATL and we may do that.
I Xbox live meow. Add me and let's play! BabinkaCake420
Rockroll tonight! Rockroll tomorrow! Dayton, Loovull, respectively! We'll be working hard so you better be there!
Coughing in front of smokers to make them feel guilty. Don't lie, we all have done it
how are you feeling?
I'm doing santacon tomorrow during the day come
You got it all wrong.... is loving it. #2002 swag
and ask people if they knew when the Mongols ruled China.
In support of exclusivity “: Focus on the Family holding a rally on west steps of the Capitol in support of #marriage. #coleg”
Okay! lets tell Ella c:
I'm sorely disappointed that the time travel logistics in Hit Tub Time Machine don't seem to work out. For shame,
Lmao best line of "Modern Family" .. we just got a glare from Mr. Socks with sandals. It's funny because people who do that are douches
A pretty face, doesn't always have a pretty heart.
I already have a caffeine buzz just thinking about it! Thanks!
Come watch the baseball Playoffs at our place and feast on great pizza!
I'm on teamfuturedilf, now what? Should we scrap?
Downtown Chillin In Under This Hot Sun..
Looking out my window at the Chicago snow Happy I don't have to go anywhere today and get to run my business and be with my family at home
Lmfao someone wanna do me a favor? Then dm or tweet me!!
Resonant and tuneful
And I'm very hungry, like HUNGRY.
yea me too, a few weeks ago i did a project on the place and now seeing commercials and coupons and jesus talking about it...
800 Degrees Pizza, open til 2. RT : Where do you eat/drink in Westwood/by UCLA that isn't BJs or In-N-Out on a Wednesday at 10PM?”
going to bed now and getting up at 4 am! See ya!
Almost done with this damn class
I'll always find a way for you
Yes I did. Crazy.
Red bull #GivesYouWings but the #smashbrothers give u real music!
Quote of the Day: Enjoy the wonderful weather having lunch on our deck!
its a party on TNT lol
Leadership is a 3-legged stool: Spirituality, Chemistry, Strategy~Dave Olson
i would hope!! lmao
Foam party at Vogue tonite!!!!!!!!!
Took a shower got dressed and walked outside for the first time today and all I could think and feel is damn it feels good to be a gangster
When I Ask Questions I Already Know The Answers, I Just Like Finding Out How Full Of Shit People Are.
is competitive shopping the silent auction for charity market. funny how when things go bad, good karma throws u back on top soon after :)
Am I the only one who DOESN'T like chicken or..? I'm the only one? Oh okay...
God's regretting billions of abortions he never had right now...
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother. -Khalil Gibran
Good morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Fuccin hungrey. But dnt feel like gettin up so ill just wait till tomorrow
thus the reason there's always wine involved ;)
Happy birthday BFF
That's awesome! How's your training going? We want to know how it goes on Sunday, check in with us next Monday.
I'm not who you think I am.... And I'm def. not who you want me to be.
i dont knw y u hate jasmine she did nthing to yall:-(((
You don't want to throw down the gauntlet with me, Ms. Purchase. *Ordering* SLEEP.
Back home
Lol oh thats right RT : because u met me the love of your life
Nice to tweet you! Gotta love the #beagles!!
That ought to inspire the hitters now!
welp those 3 hours blew by rather quickly
When sleeps all day. What do I do? Lol.
I just want to say how sorry I am to all you ,"RHS Indians"....... Yeah I said it and I don't give a (....)
I'll do the Publix run!
Man... When I tell you!!! We are going in out here at Luella's
Been sick to my stomach all day :-(
I will. Thanks for the reminder.
:-( i hope you feel better
Nearly sober at
At the studio late [as always]
and no, ate at mcd's (outside vegas) for the first time in almost a decade
You're too cute for words!!
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool I want to go home.
It’s the thought that counts anyway, right? / The purple thought of you...
my eyes are closing as I attempt to text,tweet & bbm - mis ojos se me cierran a lo que trato de mandar un mensaje,tweet y bbm.
HA HA
Hi! I'm a dad of kids w/ #autism also in San Diego. A bit of shameless self promotion, Our testimonials are here:...
A SMALL FEE INVOLVED LOL
Forecast for Rest Of This Afternoon: Mostly sunny. Highs in the lower 80s. Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph.
Then I figure out how to get on a flight to Austin. In the meantime, I'm in purgatory, which looks a lot like a Boeing 767 in Minneapolis.
Few more hours till Laker time.
“Relationships are like glass. Sometimes it is better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.”
#wcphilly #day2 : "Ticket #13536: "the 3.0 milestone is getting sparse. I'm afraid the tickets that are left m…
That sounds awesome - what are they like? I'd love an organic mattress.
Be sure to follow to support the fight against breast cancer!
I don't know where your going just get your ass back home
I concur!
Crappy Days
The next 4 people that follow will get a shout out and I will DM them promise
But the world is is cold! And my bed is so warm...
Fingers crossed for my interviews tomorrow!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
who took that from my backyard!!
<U+200E>2/7 LAST Rush Event!!! Pizza and Game Night 7PM Flint Village Community Center!! COME OUT! FREE FOOD!! Now, who doesn't like that?!
LOC authorities site, it is not helpful to tell me that my search timed out when I click on the "new search" button. Not helpful at all.
Yes! We want to get some ladies in on the fun! Gotta fake beard to throw on? RT : Guys is following me.LOL
And I can't believe I haven't yet added your blog to my RSS feed. Fixing that right now.
Student Moving Kit Special!! $100 gets you 5 small, 10 medium, 5 large boxes, with FREE packing materials and as always, FREE drop...
I was actually looking into the cheapest tickets!
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
I think I've met everyone at Cody's concerts besides Cody..
The Carolina Hurricanes sue hip hop artist Tyrone Banks for prodcing a song about the franchise,hopefully Banks will call the Cochran firm!
#DancingWiththeStars is in full swing. We want to know: who is your favorite dancing duo this season?
glass in the face... whoa there.
I love the bobblehead! One of the best giveaways so far.
RT Everything you touch and do, everyone you befriend and love, becomes a part of the fabric of your life.
Eric, thanks for the RT, cant wait to check it out
y'all bitches still gotta come to the Triple nigga so its all good. I will be at the game. Both of them.
50 twitter followers! who-hoo! hey #50 you better not be trying to sell me porn. :)
These subtweeters.. Jesus Loves You.. Really.. He does <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
I had no idea James Arness and Peter Graves were brothers.
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
One time for all my new HHC Fam!
Tht was a charge
My ass got double teamed during practice. Fucking tricks!
I'm going to Emerald City ComicCon for the first time this weekend. Anyone ever been?
polish monsters love u!
Thanks for that
Thanks on the off-balance RT. Fall all over your weekend.
I had no idea I am so balanced. Following as many twitter accounts tweeting about #Oscars & #fashion as & monster
I have to admit that I am stupidly excited to show you all Ep 1 of Season 2 of -- the music, , gold.
bro!! I love your poster in the backround! Lol I have one too! ;)
Check out my art blog at www.adamchamy.com
thanks, I've already learned a lot haha.
I'm surprised you're not a Cardinals fan by default.
: Thanks for pointing out the fail. We're always trying to improve and we appreciate the feedback, positive or otherwise.
Vancouver Canucks have something to worry about-THE BOSTON BRUINS-
So much to do today at school BLAH! Augh... Hahaha
Interval training. Real talk.
I should get the world's best babysitter award. Just got the boys McDonald's
no food
my roommate is awesome, he is driving me to dulles at the buttcrack o dawn :D
With God all things ate possible. Have a productive Monday
lol na uh its never too late fore ice cream ...thankfully I have a high metabolism :p
do the <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> potty dance
In "The Spiral Staircase" (1945), McGuire beautifully captures a fractured innocent who's lost a loving mother and the power of speech.
man D lunch seems so far away.
My DREAM is For You to Follow ,iHelped you with your dreams Not Make mine Come Truue <3
Rockin time last night at Thanks for stopping by & ;) #SocialGood at it's finest!
I hope that's not about Sandra...
The news is so unexpected, I thought half these tweets were about some strange character attack on Whitney Cummings.
GIrly you dont even wanna know what happened !
worst feeling ever
Chillin' with and ! What a great way to end the 2nd week of the semester!
Fast Facts: Executive Dysfunction hypothesizes that autistic behavior results in part from deficits in working memory, planning,...
omg lol the men in Spain are so hot..I haveny seen that many in France..a few. Omg shes pissing me off lol I can't wait to tell
great pic legs n nails
Hey...everyone needs a little 'elbow' room once in awhile...
Get outta everyone's business!
A $399 iPad 2 means that Apple is trying to absolutely kill all the 10.1 Android tablets
My boyfriend >>>>>>> your boyfriend
:O lol nice cap he has xD
Nothing sweet or spicy until I get better? Are you kidding me? I'm gonna die.
Just attended a funeral. A well lived life is a real blessing to a family.
Happy birthday to my brother #richard gahhh! Your getting old haha love you <3
Thanks for the mention! Good to be back in the #CRE industry.
Thanks for the follow and your great working helping pets :)
Better register that domain before a squatter picks it up! ;) Congrats man!
omfg i dont even know. i saw louis get to doncaster and i just broke down asdfghjkl
Good morning and Happy Monday!
just followed both hopefully the follow back:) they are great talented girls!
La Jolla at East Chase tonight at 9:00 p.m. with Kurt McKinney and Josh Oswald! See you there!
I really don't even like a baby python gripping me like that it's too messed up. Cornsnakes are good for me. Good pet for retards and gimps.
you need to find things to occupy your time. That will help with your attitude.
RT : The millionaires in eternity are the givers in time.
thank you! :D
happy birthday!! hope youre having a iconic/grand day:)).
Am I the only person who liked Steven Soderbergh's "Full Frontal" and found it hilarious?
Have you heard of the earliest dentist ever known to mankind? His name is Hesi-Re and he lived in Egypt 5000 years ago.
Only got 3 hours of sleep, going to be tired
I broke 137 skateboards before I stopped counting 3 years ago.
#NowPlaying Your Love Is My Drug.... Ikr. Such an oldie. Lol.
When I see a Lacrosse team and become depressed because ive always wanted to play.....
NEVA EVA IN MY LIFE HAVE I ONCE HAD TO STRUGGLE..
dont want to follow me i geuss its life thanx
not yet I was gonna look up people's emails from that email that was sent and look on cherry an white directory
I absolutely HATE the
Awww Look At You. I'm Smiling So Big Right Now =D
Check the freezer.
Yeates killing 'pure chance', court told
To keep your site protected from falling into a compatibility mode use <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge"> in your markup.
RT : There are a lot of fun discussions happening at SDLF today!
And so it is, just like you said it should be.
I am not a big game fan..I tried to listen to it..but yeah...dont get me wrong i like some of his songs..but hes just not for me.
oh really? :) that's cool and yeah it really is xD
what's good what kind of music do u do? If so lets colb songwritermusicofdash get at me!
Any artist out there familiar with using a roller looking for work tomorrow morning
Soon as I turn 21 I'm getting a revolver!
So im just being lazy today! Thinking of just doing errands and stuff. Got work stuff to do today to.
We all get the same amount of time per day. The difference is what we do with our time.
Arabic records allow past climate to be reconstructed
isn't duplicity the answer?!
true. DM is architect, narrative engineer, guide, and so much more
dont matter if it comes out june 8th or sept 8th just know whenever it hits the stores me and my family will be supporting u
Made a living at Langham with that move RT : Mackey McKnight with a classic move "Paused him, parked him, then put him away."
Romo is just explaining how guys can get on his level, pregame.worst part was romo making me feel bad for training only once today
hey twitter havnt been here in a while
we trippy thou :)
- gotta love Oklahoma!
Tweet in pig latin RT : i seriously may have gotten stuck with the worst finance professor ever...i hope he doesnt have a twitter.
St Louis Bound Baby back bitch #mardigrassss <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
The people in the Yu-Gi-Oh Tournament downstairs are much geekier than the Comicon attendees
Just swung by 's office to see my mancandy. He wasn't there......Paul, I'm at Java. Come see me!
thanks for the big words. Glad to be rocking sick collabos wit ya. Sorry I didn't get at u on Sunday. This weekend for sure.
Q Crew VIP at the Cubby Bear/Janus CD release party...WHO WANTS TO GO? Message me!
Happy Birthday!
Haven't but am open to recommendations :) It would need to integrate with exchange.
God's blessing to man was a woman. Treat her right!
Well that's life for ya born to die
nnnnooooooo that sucks
I really wish I had known about this before just now; the thing as a whole looks really interesting.
I love my friends
Children are all foreigners.
I love you, lovely day.
With & we are just having fun:)
I really gotta make it down to your GW. Stat.
Even buttered bacon. A little leaven and all that.
Super wknd just got better! RT : We'll be selling fresh veggies at the Bakery Square Farmers Market on Sunday from noon-4pm.
Some people hate surveys. I love them. Just weird that way I guess.
RT We have a family night once a week (or we try to) & at the beg everyone does a talent--anything they want 2 share! Fun! -Cool!
The sun really shows off the girls cellulite
Worked on The Incredible #BurtWonderstone this week-and many laughs! AMAZING cast, should be a good film! Great fun! Wish I were there still
Follow because he needs more ladies! He's getting over his ex! Also makes good YouTube videos!
It's better than my birthday! RT : I think about a lot but especially on may 1
Brrrrrr...Is the water a little nippy? Not even a heated towel???
actually he wasn't too shabby ;)
maybe I'm just not pretty enough..that it?
happy birthday to the number one man in my eyes
When you're walking in the hall and you feel a wall walking next to you... you know you're short .
Ugh don't want to clean:(
I have great faith in fools; self-confidence my friends call it. ~ Edgar Allan Poe
Love the new Twitter for Android!
terrible challenge by Cinci
haha thanks but i said u didnt have to .... but relly thanks it means alot p.s. #TylersPartsOfTheBody hah we r trendin it :)
SPJ @ UW - Milwaukee is officially up and running. Follow us and connect with up and coming journalists at UWM.
Sold millions of albums. Very well known.
We're using the methods from Becky Moore Howard & Sandra Jamieson's Citation Project in the WC. I'm presenting on it at 4Cs.
Limits on legal freedom bite more deeply against low-status people; holding law constant, increasing status increases freedom.
I want to see the clipper game
Manage a night crew at a home improvement firm : What do you do?"
Thank you! :)
Those who really ride with me will show it next thursday...i have no room for anyone who don' t...it's a wrap for you
thanks for the link. I've got it saved for later.
Beautiful weather in the city of subdued excitement.
The iPhone is going to be a game changer. Love the apps. The sleek design. Me playing an analyst that has never held or touched the device
Library Patrons = Book Buyers. 27 books read each year, 17 purchased, 10 borrowed.
Giving medication isn't as simple as it looks.
No, didn't, thanks f/the heads up! Been reorganizing the stacks all week. Should now write the complementary snake blog post.
any recommendations for another, similar lens?
Bulls should just try there best to get D.Rose back
It's a couple ppl I look at and get mad or frustrated from at this school
you know it
Twitter Question Mark!
Do you know Joomla?
my heros has the heart to live the life i wouldn't live
miss you more. <3
Shout out to ! if you love me, you will follow them <3
Oh really? :D Thats pretty tight! :)
Summer could probably get here a little faster <U+2600>
Don’t be reckless with other people’s hearts and don’t put up with people who are reckless with yours.
Cant help but laugh your bullshit amazes me.. I'll just smile and pretend nothing is wrong like I have been doing..
Hahaha. Well, if the other Walgreens I have to go to messes up my other order I'll probably be all fire and brimstone.
I've completely switched my routine to sleep during the afternoons and work at night and in the morning. Well, just gotta roll with it
You know it ;)
Wonder how much my #LennyDykstra rookie cards are worth now that he is going to prison for three years. More or less?
Thanks to everyone who participated in and supported the 32-hour relay!
that's where all the action is now
GREAT game guys
Joe Jonas' YouTube Honors for the day are: #31 Most Viewed (Today) #2 Most Viewed (Today) - Musicians
It's $3 Thirsty Thursday at Kilroy's Sports tonight! Get any drink for just three bucks! Even cover is $3!
start and end there.
Wow. Never in my life have I been so hungry that it woke me up. Thank God I live in the city that never sleeps! Golden Arches, here I come!
brb working on some server upgrades to make our site better. :>)
like legs, underarms, back/shoulders, legs. May I suggest waxing; it takes longer foe the hair 2 grow back, & when it does, it's finer ..
“: thanks for the follow :-)” Well thank you right back! Have you seen our site? www.wearelux.com
It feels good when you have loyal friends & loved ones who support you with every step.
what an amazing grizz game!
Hahahaha "I lovvvvveee this song!!! ANY MAN OF MINE BETTER WALK THE LINE!!! " <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
Just saw the bright orange Conan blimp floating over Columbus, OH!
where u at
Christopher Plummer is more articulate than Billy Crystal. Well deserved Best Supporting Actor.
Is goin to the Dbacks Game
Join Texas Music Coalition 6:30 tonite @ Sam Ash Music in S.A. for "DJ Techniques and New Products." Part of Texas Music Month events.
My rolemodel puts a smile on my face every single day. I love you Liz.
yes ma'am.
#highered #web Why are higher ed athletics sites always so jam packed with the ugly?
Not really looking forward to the OJ Mayo era in Cleveland.
my aunt askd me 2 get her sum ice water so I went in the bathrum and put mouthwash in her water she'll nevr ask me 2 get her anything anymor
Driving in the wind
Lol...RT : If your a big girl with no ass or titties, god hated you.
Shit happens when you party naked.....that's the T.A. creed
M day drank!
Adam Sandler is da bomb!!!! And so are you! Love ur work and forever a fan! Peace!
I'm good thanks :D
had dreams of violence, death and apocalypse. not in that order.
it's really not in this case
Durant with a prayer.
you're welcome! glad it worked out!
Bro named his MLB player jerkin muhtits!?
The '58 Beautility Furniture catalogue shows a room appealing to vintage collectors, designers & those seeing their past.
do you not get it? It is all about LOVE.
hey sexy check ur voxer i sent you a msg xoxo
Come by and say hello to our guest tattoo artist Kai from California!
We'll be counting down alongside with you; we've marked our calendars!
. planning to explore geo-spatial #foodhubs data to see what can be learned about food hub locations.
Everyone in this place has nice shoes
Tonight's Special: Hoisin-Braised Pork Belly with Sweet Corn Chorizo Grits and a Red Wine Lamb Demi. $10! So savory, so delicious. Stop by!
hope ur day is god
Now get back out there and make that inspirational music RT : Lil Boosie -- Found NOT GUILTY in Murder Case
Pretty girls >>
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now I'm marrying my dreams.
Mitt Romney wins NH! In england they call him Glove Romney
70 degrees my concave Irish ass; it is frigid out here.
Good Luck.
Six week run of my one-woman show, My Brooklyn Hamlet, in Los Angeles starts March 22nd.
“: If they can't keep a conversation going, don't expect then to be able to keep a relationship going.”
someones a little too conceded
awe. You to sweet !
hahahaha i don't know it made me laugh
We don't do reservations, but we'll do our best to have you covered!
blaring MJ all day in the lobby here too. guy who came to check the mini bar said how sad he was. also he loves the US.
which is weird types of fiction! Can't classify
“: I thought that I was multitasking but it turned out that I was only wasting time.”
lol yeah. This sports illustrated was talking about it. A hologram Larry Bird against Kobe. Lol
Scola just schooling Blake Griffin in the low post early.
It just took me 10 minutes to beam 2 notes together without making a mistake. Time for a break!
I'm sleepy once again
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 5
ha where at?
the best was the "has fleury regained his composure" "no"
Grilled shrimp and mango salsa.
Zappos&#39; Billionaire Wants to Remake Downtown Las Vegas
#WhatGetsMeMad waiting in long lines and hearing people complain about it! It's not gonna make the line go faster! Get over it!
I am so ready for the niners game tomorow
Find local deals from local restaurants at hometownmeal.com
lol. Ok so now I'm gonna go hide cause I'm Blushing
RT : loved Chi Chi Rodriguez's interview.what an awesome and funny human being/ love him too!
Which QB do you hope gets sacked more today? Brady or Manning?
Mike, you are the busiest man in Hollywood, what are you talking about !!! :)
Taking a break to get another cup-of-joe and make some breakfast. I'm SO EXCITED for the WAN website soft launch!!! Woohoo!
I have THE worst hangover ever i dont even think i replyed to Josh he probably think im a bitch huh?
ooh, will do!
My Dad and his girlfriend got me one of the Mellon Arena ornaments for Christmas. Definitely still hockey nerding out about it.
So we go to extras. #Rockies Matt Belisle in to pitch 10th.
Kid N Play > LMFAO
Getting ready for our Gold Star Tour this morning! So excited to share our school and show off our students!
Lol I like the Bulls so ima take it easy.
would you believe someone walked off with our leftover half bag of the Chicago style?
Hot coffee plus snow showers equals a perfect Saturday morning.
Thanks-glad you got mellow with M.M.
HAPPY SUNDAY!=D
When we sin, God doesn't withhold the consequences, but He also doesn't withhold His grace.
We know our friends by their defects rather than their merits. - W. Somerset Maugham
They mostly come out at night ... mostly.
I can't it says it's forbidden...oh well...
I thought the week night crowds of #safeco were bad. Just over 9k in attendance to watch the 14-8 home team
Love one of the tags on your Josh Smith piece: "Shawty." Chuckles.
The 7 followers that unfollowed me can eat a dick, sit and spin on a flag pole and die. :)
much obliged! i'll be your, um, 1,278--but who's counting?
And this is why I never get on Facebook Chat....
Congrats for 7 Grammy noms!!! Chi City!!!
lol i ain't ever done that. But no I'm just stupid wild !! 8P
So excited to see and Robert this weekend and finally meet my sweet nephew, Harding!
Its packed at Cirok, its goin down. If you ain't here you better get here!!
hey cutie! How are you!
Why do you need another arm when you can use Putkonen every day (#LeylandLogic)?
this is straight mockery
i could listen to songs from the big chair every day for the rest of my life and still not have listened to it enough
I forgot to tell you, if you see up in NJ, you better get me an autograph!!! Haha
iPod served only synth-rock this morning: Holy Fuck, BTTLS, AddNtoX, The New Deal. Must be the weather?
LATE NIGHT: bored? Want sumtin 2 do? gimme feedback on the few photos I've uploaded 2 Photography Facebook search: O'Donnell Monique Katie
RT : In Waltham 4 Info Cloud Summit w/ best & brightest of & Hitachi. unlock value of content owned by enterprise
Fuck the referee still..and Fuck Barcelona too....
Frankie o: your friends smoke weed... Naughty children. <3 follow back(:?
It's always fun to be on a film shoot with awesome people!
Hi Pete! Video projects are going great. Thx for asking. How about your projects? Did u catch any of the USA Pro Challenge?
lmao, YEAH ANOTHER VIDEO(: You bettttterrr upload tomorrow to!
enjoy!:) Celebrating Cinco de Mayo too watching Cotto & Mayweather Fight at Flo Lounge cousin
great #nascar champion contender presser from Miami ... entertaining verbal battles if you picked up on nuances ...
did Taylor make a decision this weekend?
yup he's following me too thanks to Shannon :) I was having a bad day but he made it better<3
My plate is way too full, and I'm not hungry. Moving, reading, working, blogging, promoting, and slowly going insane.
I like the yahoo ranks, but I've moved some myself...
RT : Hosted 25 today from ESPN! Plus others! RT : How many #SuperBowl visitors are making it out of...
Hope Everyone catches #TheDevilsRide tonight on It will be interesting to see what happens next ----->
Welcome, Person who does what I cannot.
"Leader of the PEN15 Club." Haha, I'm dying laughing. Best thing ever.
Seniors! Check Edline throughout the day for those permission slips. Another phone call will be sent out once it's online
Anyway, moving on, how've you been stranger?
Well, it is an educated guess. But it's still a guess.
Show tomorrow!
Morning...guess i should finally start my day
Forgot my headphones again
Anyone else notice the #fenway100 celebration was a total ripoff of the #orioles closing ceremony for Memorial Stadium?
dang 35 only gave me half a tank...
Breathe Cyrus, breathe...
haha which part were you inn? I was at panama city x
Students, is today your 1 st day of class? Tell us what classes you are taking!
Musical valentines coming your way all day on 89.9 !!
Random: Seriously, does anybody really think that Digiorno tastes like delivered pizza?
Stand-By Alert !! Reconvergence with Undergrowth -- Saturday
tasting wine. writing. blogging. taking care of dogs.
For you friends who worked at Tower 4th & Bway, I took a tour of the MLB Fan Cave. Receiving is now a kitchen, countout is now a bathroom!
Listening to #TheWanted I think I just found my new favorite band
sounds awesome! Must try!
Tweet tweet tweet!
Who took Mitch McConnell's chin? Probably some left wing conspiracy.
ok, i'm done. lol i will never get a phone call from ...i give up and DON'T tell me to NEVER SAY NEVER cuz it's not working!
#20songsilove this old man
happy to arrange for you to pick up brownie buttons. DM me if interested in learning more.
Say what you want, is the star of RHOA others can come and go, but if she leave knows that its a
3D brain doesn't adapt to 2D world. Same for accepting different people. In old world we suspect differences. Today these are new markets
it's leisure-tastic! thanks bryan, have a fab weekend!
God, I hate walmart. Those bastards can die in a fire, for all I care.
Leadership Development: How do we move from ideas to action?
Today has been a great day. I'm really hungry though.. Hmm, i'm not sure what I should eat though!! NUTELLA... :)
Wonder what is doing??? I just hit her jack
Steelers headed to the Superbowl!!! Woo Hoooooooooooo .. Can't believe all my boys will be here in Texas !!!! Yay
I was hoping Gruden was going to take Norv's place. Maybe someday.
We're looking for a #travelagent to join our weekly group. Let me know if you want to visit!
Finalizing our logo and working on the new site. Good things are in the works!
Omg. I See Stars just melted my face off! Major love!
Can we produce power in space or on a planet like Mars? YES. We produce it already on the ISS
We Will Be Sitting in the Sand All Day Today, If Your in Panama City DM Us...
Exorcist ring tone in conference has me wanting pea soup 4 lunch
Did I make an impact on the world around me? Did I act in private as I would in public?
now Newt has time to audition mistress and soon to be wife #4!
A week damn RT : Aint txt him in a week. Gotta let his mind wonder
I love being in Florida. The weather the woman and the party's oh can't for get the beach
I'm there now! Such a great evening to be here.
they're not...unfortunately the picture on the bag doesn't match the taste...
...having major issues with my internet connection.
The only guy I ever loved, fucked some bitch that I really hate.
Crystal Bell: 'Revenge' Recap: Goodbye Sammy Sweetheart: They say that when it rains, it pours, especially in the Hamptons. Emily is ...
Wonder what other B-Corporations are in Detroit area. Hope that will support more B-corporations in
Juicy on her butt.
Most likely a fall release.
inappropriately, too comfortable, his outfits look like little boy outfits, teenage style shoes, campers, very unprofessional. His military
great win at home! Solid team! Still fear top big ten team!
I still wake up wishing you were here with me...........SMH :’(
Johns Landing area! You will all have to come visit soon!
Make The Decision... That Your Afraid To Chose Because You Fear The Consequences. When You Know; You Know.
What up Big Rog, thanks for the follow!
May ur cards be live and ur pots be mustard!
Any advice for a friend considering starting a Weblog - Steampunk themed?
I just finished a 1.73 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
thanx missy just being myself :) how u been
Vilma suspended for the hole year! Wow they ain't playing..
Unless you go to grad school.
I love this girl. and if u say my love U'll all love this wonderful girl also. She truly is amazing :')
It's very important to prevent HIV/AIDS in families
I just made my first grad student loan payment. I'm filing it under a $501.57 Christmas present to myself. Or something. (Kill me.)
im gonna make my own band whoohoo me and my bestiee :D
I swear is Nasty with them Beats!!!
Thanks for following Harmon Design. Soft Home Furnishings & Window Treatments Best wishes for networking success!
It's even better today right? Can't wait to get outside with you and Seth!
same here, just lil over a week to go!
Tea Party Focus Turns to Senate and Shake-Up Tea Party-backed Republican candidates for the Senate are looking to infuse the upper chambe
Join us for Chris Rayis' new musical 'Just South of Gihon,' a fictional retelling of Bonnie and Clyde 11:30am in the Black Box Saturday!
Quadrant in Reading, PA is hiring Extrusion Operators, Casting Operators and Machinists. Hit me up if you got skillz.
S/O to all the dads today! We hope you have a great Father's Day!
Be a homie and roll through soma tomorrow. we can touch eachother and dance to beautiful rock and roll songs.
got my Philly tickets <3 they are helping me getting through my final exams this week.... can't wait <3 <3
Ran to the high school in the rain with Nicole.... My hair is dripping.
what diet bro?
With My Cousins
Aww thanks! Likewise beautiful
this is important? How @ bailouts, Fast&Furious gun-running, drone murders, Solyndra, POTUS lawyers admitting birth cert fraud..
Well...one out of two ain't bad. Merry Merry!
or are they already paying me? Hm...
GREAT to see you back on my timeline!!! :)
In the end it'll all pay off. Determination is my dedication.
Did you know that 106 schools have been failing for 7 consecutive years in CT!?
my hrs don't match the required standard I should get it back next semester
RT : How are you going to spoil your mom tomorrow? Flowers, a card, visiting us?
#NP When we admited that it didnt make sense. You instied that we could be friends, but I'll admit I was happy it ended:) - Goyte
Merlin is buying WKDN/Philadelphia from Family Stations, according to the RAMP Breaking News in your inbox!
Thanks for the Hoover's API mention!
Thank you too ! cheers for follow :-)
FIVE is currently recruiting for over 100 Healthcare IT positions across the country.
i can be ur twitter bff ;)
As a former MU international student it helped to actually participate in winter activities such as ice skating
An interesting thing about Our Universe...What you ultimately get is what you deserve...
I don't believe Lombardi, but that's only because I have no idea what the hell he's talking about
Dear Mattingly, do that EVERY TIME! Make Gordon bunt & if he reaches, Ellis takes pitches until Gordon steals 2nd.
Hope everyone has a great day and will stop uploading pics of moths in their house. We all know what moths look like.
I'm interested in your house hunting, where are you looking to buy, south side of Glasgow?
Picked up the new Bechdel and Rise of the Videogame Zinesters today. In dyke lit heaven.
God damn this series is good
Happy palm Sunday! Easter is next Sunday... Remember why we celebrate... Not for the eggs and candy but Jesus
Don't get my intentions confused
Work and SlamFist have really taken the Twitter time out of me... Don't worry though, I will be back to flooding your timeline soon.
UH 316 I THINK
I'll bet you made them ring it up for you, too. Faux pas.
Prayers go out to those who have no money for Christmas..I know the feeling only too well. The Lord will Always Provide for the Believers:))
and then I throw mine on the floor to prove my point again lol
Lovely running into my old intern bosses and Dan Pearson on the streets of NYC! Its been way too long guys!
I hate school -.-
Live at Brown Deer High School shortly, talking about tomorrow's memorial for Shaun Wild and new 911 tapes.
This --> RT There better be a Jeopardy sketch before I have to see Usher.
i'm all the way by palace station. I would if I was over that way
tks. i just saw as well. My issue is general 'lagginess' after #gingebread update. Think it's actually #ADWLauncher EX
#NATO, this city is going all out.
I'll be there at the promo table, stop by and say hi on your way in!
Stubbornly persist, and you will find that the limits of your stubbornness go well beyond the stubbornness of your limits.
“: Service update: No weather-related reroutes at this time.” This is false.
best show ever...be prepared to get hooked!
Don't knock masturbation - it's sex with someone I love. ~Woody Allen
102.1 so hopefully it stays low...gook some ibuprofen and some day quill.
My mother is rightfully worried that I'll never visit her in NC now! Am v fume-y and mad.
markmoskal is on twitter.
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand Coke Shaped Bodies
Why did u have to unprotect ur tweets, just to follow me & accept my follow? Thank u for following Patrick too! :-))
Went to hot topic and left w/ chapstick. I never find anything to buy when I come here.
Hello tweeters...... Is a beautiful day here in the "D" Detroit that is..... Lovin LIfe...
China Information Technology to Announce First Quarter 2012 Financial Results ... - MarketWatch (press release)
New Vernal building will keep dinosaur fossils in Utah
Unexpected playing quizzes <<<<<<
I am officially a Scentsy consultant!!! I'm so very excited! (:
re: SAXOPHONE request, you have to be in brooklyn/nyc. and we need ASAP. SERIOUS!
Yay Lauren! :) RT : Happy #mothersday to a very special mom to be!
Broadway Bar is goin 2 b off da hook this Friday Night!!! GIRLS GONE WILD will b in da house $1 Margaritas&$2Select Drnks 18+Girls/21+Guys
Darn school bus broke down <U+E159>
i dont even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough.
Spray #WD-40 under the sole of a squeaky sneaker and let dry for 6-8 hours to get rid of the squeak! Don't throw that pair away!
How great thou art.
oh WOW! That's awesome! Have fun! Come see us in L.A. sometime. ; )
Monster Mania Monster Truck Show is coming to Lazy E Arena (lazye.com) on Jan. 7 & 8! Going to be a great show! Please RT!
please say that's not a challenge...
I'M FREE!!! #nomoreapexams #done!
congratulations once again to the #1 RockStar womens tennis champion!! Go Vika Go!!! Smile!!
hii can u foollw back please :) thank you <3
I wanna be a drag king ;)
"You should read 50 Shades of Grey. It's good. It might surprise you." I fucking doubt it.
It's a quarter to three, but i don't do sleep
and the goal comes like 20 seconds later after Ovie removed himself from the PP. Was he gassed?
It would appear, based on Tweets from (Evan Turner), that David Falk doesn't know how to cook eggs. I love Twitter
I thought it was ALL "who you know." How do I take my MS in Publishing and break into agenting--in Portland, OR?
Food documentary double feature at my house tonight - Fat Sick and Nearly Dead and Forks Over Knives.
OMG..THE CURIOSITY IS KILLING ME..I WNT TO KN WT are the #BigTimeNews now,,but have to wait till monday.
Spiderman birthday party. Spidey's in the grass doing magic tricks. My daughter: "Yeah, but aren't you going to climb up the building???"
After stopping in the Portland Whole Foods, think I'm ready to submit my application for cliche asshole certification.
So much of what we know of love we learn at home.
Love yourself today!!! And the other if you have it!
How was your weekend ATL? Did you have a big weekend or did you lay low and watch the Oscars like we did?
Re:Poverty So sad - more and more students impacted by poverty because of globalization; give a parent a job & give a child hope
Dermontti will be around the ballpark all week! However, his Legends Week night will be May 27. Are you thinking of coming out?
Erased all the tweets from yesterday.... It was a horrible day.
A5: It depends on the age of the kids and if the new person was responsible for breaking up the old one!
Because of my ex, idont open up as fast as some people would like me to :/
I feel like i have a tie to #newmexicowinds being from the #windycity :)
So I'm officially not going to school tomorrow..
what was your other one for?
Christmas is going to be rough this year. Funds are low PLEASE HELP ME #swagginwagon. I wanna give my son the life I didn't have growing up.
Giving away a discount code this afternoon for GOkickball Columbus summer season via facebook & twitter. Be on the lookout!
im scared your gonna find someone else...ugh why do i do this to myself.!!
Here for a conference/a little vacation. The perks of working for Weisburd!
Downloaded it for free already..
It was great! Thanks so much! Glad you liked it. I had fun performing it!
Doesn't look repulsive today.
Creamy white in color, white chocolates are used for all types of cooking and baking
it's ok babe, I know you're scared to express your true feelings. Shit, I am too!
time to paint a line on top of the wall
You're welcome - I'm not sure what a simple @ is? But still learning to drive this thing at the mo! Stuart
You have grown so much !! In a good way :)
fossa anatomy definition
Great day so far. Spend the afternoon. You can't take it with you.
‘#Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.’ – George Washington Carver
I think I'm getting arthritis in my mouse-clicking hand.
White pants are my new style!
LeBron really mad at Chalmers. Just yelled at him "You got to box him the fuck out" lol
Thanks! I never knew about the app!!! <:D This will really help me, on the go or otherwise!
My 14 year old daughter Leana performing now at the Tilles Center playing clarinet for the Nassau-Suffolk Jazz Orchestra. She the youngest!
let's make it happen, what's up with that tackling? Let's get it together guys.
As if I needed another reason to Hate Kid Rock.....Romney...? Really?
I just took an awesome nap!!
“: being tan = not having to wear make up.. #love” I can't wait to start tanning again , just for this ! #
Missing Austin friends & ths year....but hopefully not next year!
just enjoyed watching the Condor direct flight to Frankfurt take off from Seatac Airport! Beautiful 767.
Thank you for the great inspiration today in Albuquerque!!
Fireman fire suits look cool n futuristic
a homie getting famous...
they chaged the time again???!!!
YAAAAAAAYY!!! Our friend David just donated $10!!! With less than 2 hours left, has attained the status of Fun Friend!!
Worlds collide indeed! - Great to meet you, Nicole -
For the LOVE of Buddah ... I'm frigging wide awake at 2.23 AM PST and I can tell ... I'm not going to be going back to sleep! Damn arvo nap!
Let me consult with -- probably east-ish side though.
Live party closer, another new track: 'All trains south' Bar
hahaha. Who names their kid Elvis? Lmao.
It's a spreadsheet kind of day...
-"who are you trying to set Maddie up with?" -"No one I don't like boys."
Wrote a great one with Emma Grandillo and Don Huber. Now onto another good one with Cathy Majeski and Pamela Hayes!
All one has to do is see what Redev did for Gaslamp, Horton, etc & quickly realize we can more of same in E Village w no cap
Sunday Fundays = Miserable Mondays
Bangs are at the that intractable length... Down looks like a shih tzu, tossed back looks like Billy Idol, to the side looks like Bieber!
everyday should be Valentine's Day.
Im taking a nap..... Be back later
Thanks bunches for supporting the show!
Be museum experts first, technology experts second. -
I am tracking swirling winds right now from De Leon Springs, Deland, Lake Helen and soon Orange City...heads us
everybody I consider family is working & getting recognition for the time, effort & dedication.
Hahaha when can we do it ?
Jersey Shore ! #yeahbuddy .
It can’t get any worse, can it? Obviously, it can.
Yeah like you sould like them becuss they can dance
Someone tweeting apologies like a madman to everyone who tweeted about controversy. Wow -- proactive!
Also, free reports for up to 50 recent tweets. Happy to talk more via email/phone - jenn [at] unionmetrics [dot] com. Thanks!
Fed up with the endless verbal jousting, I shed my satellite service. Talking heads withdrawal? Piece of cake! Why did I wait so long?
TOMORROWS MY 15th BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!:D
Going through my Indian/Mediterranian phase. I found out 15 minutes too late that the Thai seasoning makes everyone sneeze for hours..*sigh*
The long run puts the tiger in the cat. I just finished a 4.03 mi run with a pace of 11'10"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Refinement of style
whenever im upset i think of how unfair the situation is, i try not to but its so hard
“: I wanna shout out, "Omg who the hell cares?!" Then leave class lol” lmfaoooo
you might get demoted to the sixth member of the show...
good! How are you? :)
Cant wait till my dude Makes it big in the NBA
F*ck 'em. Follow your dreams! No matter what.
CEIR’s Allen Shaw says the trade show industry had 6 consecutive qtrs of growth, giving strong reassurance that the industry is recovering
Very clever of to partner with Angry Birds. Really hope kids find it inspiring (at the least get a visceral sense of gravity)
when will Ryse open in the City Vista?
don't forget to count before hiding ;) take a picture of them first if ur counting skills impaired Hehehee
ah watch men in black 2 again...
Red state,,,, easily one of the best films I have seen in years, watch it!
Out of nowhere, for absolutely no reason, my mom just looked at me and said "everytime I see your face I just want to bark." I'll kill her.
you took it too far.
Thanks Ryan, I just sent you an email.
#YouAintHittinItRightIf I'm texting and want another round
It's here, the "building a stronger tomorrow, together" HEW banquet at the Hyatt! What a feeling!
EVERYONE FOLLOW the best guy on CNN
Follow my new twitter
what happened?
#OneThingILove being with you
OctoMom is doing porn now. And no, that's not Similac on her shirt.
SAT word of the day: pejorative (adj.) derogatory, uncomplimentary
I wouldn't have thought Renardo would have finished at all.
IM INTERESTED IN THE ROLE TELL ME MORE
Hooray! thank you Jenna!
If the observation (as it were) of Galileo's birthday today inspires appreciation, read "Galileo's Dream" by Kim Stanley Robinson
In HS I used a typewriter and learned two spaces. Went to com college, 1st used a word processor & learned diffrnce
Picked the girls up from school and they said "no sa leave i stay" that made me a sad sarah
TODAY. Lets all listen to holiday songs and drink really good beer!
Turn your life into a work of art over the course of 1 day. Call for participation: MariaScileppi.com
I must admit, His goodnight call made me blush.
So, I JUST discovered a recipe for little cakes you can make in the microwave using coffee mugs. Time to experiment
Dead tired.. wanna pass out and sleep for a week straight!
that's just creepy! Remember the slogan Pepsi for those who think young? Now it Pepsi for those who drink their young!
My ambition is to be happy. ~ Penelope Cruz
He always thinks things through and always has a "plan B". Smartest candidate we had.
Game of Thrones is awesome
LIFE Church :)
'Funeral Singer'; the Wedding Singer's fallback career.
Gov Patrick in Sao Paulo Brazil
Thinking of and tonight. Sorry Curtis - Go Cuse!
please don't ever take your fans for granted, please.
guys know more about it later on in the week.
when you totally go ham on someone and feel like a BOSS #accomplished. <3
cool ! i cant wait to hear it .
hey Tyler can I get a follow back beautiful ?
So stoked to see play tomorrow. It's going to be the best day ever. Love you guys !
Can I just have green eggs and ham, instead?
please don't leave me . <|3
Critics Consensus: Battleship Is All Wet This week at the movies brings us a trio of cinematic adaptations from disparate source material
u gon openly lust in church lol
Me too! For the both of us. I hope I can go.
make them eat their words! We had faith.
Join Midtown's Green Team and volunteers tomorrow for a Tree Planting Event. Volunterrs will meet at 10am at 1221 N Calvert Street
how I switch sides I ain't said nothing bad bout my baby
Every breath you waste on hate and ignorance is a lost sigh of contentment.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is to know she's appreciated.
i'm in for a case after tonight's meeting RT : Distilled more single malt whisky today - yum.
Starting to learn the rules to cricket. Go Pune Warriors!
Think I just realize how much much I love my puppy! She is a lil crazy, but she is the best! She always makes me smile...
Its always stressful gettin ready before a show >_< , got 1000 and 1 things to do..
RT : RT : Sitting in front of the computer for six hours a day increases your risk of death by 40%.
stupid fans
"What are your surroundings?" Lmao!
Headlights were first introduced in 1915! Long time ago...
so stop by
Rest in peace, Maurice Sendauk. And thank you for your art.
I've got one bestfriend, my mom. Best present from God.
You know you've played too much Tetris when you close your eyes and all you can see are dropping blocks.
Missing someone + No texts from them = Worst feeling.
In ancient Egypt, 40 years of age was the average life expectancy. That means men would have been having their mid-life crisis aged 20!
She likes Anna's Song
only if youre going from 24 bit to 16
u got a family now?
Wait... you mean it was still hockey season?
good to hear ok where I go listen?
I wonder how annoyed how these P.A announcers have to be constantly saying, "Metta World Peace"
"Wld have came back 4 u I just needed time 2 do what I had to do, caught in the life, I can't let it go"
Is your name MonkeyFuccinACoconut sir?
I was wondering where you'd been! Have fun!
#ManCity wins the Premiership. Incredible drama. This is the power of sport! Unbelievable.
#ThingsWeAllHate People butting into conversations that they don't belong in.
she said she wants to do the wild thing, let's do it
“A young soldier survives the heat and sand only to die in a frigid creek with a young mother's blood on his hands. Horrific.” ~Brune
This game right now tho
hi andrew! what data are you seeking? u can also try who is active on the project now & may have updated info
Burger Date!!! RT : In case you missed it we are now open in the south side 1505 east Carson street.
You're very welcome! And thank you so much! :]
Nixgee, did you find anything?
Dunno, I generally think of it as "'s blog" and pay no attention to its actual title.
Cool! Those images were pretty technical.
www.soundcloud.com/artofevilgeniuses #raw #underground #HipHop new album #apotheosis coming very soon
Boston seems to be imploding.
hope you have a good night sleep niall<3!!!
Gonna stream for us tonight?
My hilarious dog..."you want me to walk out in that?" #lucy #princess #can'tgetherhairwet
Which measurement tools do I need? Depends on needs & budget.
Thank you my dear Cassie!!! It means a lot. Happy New Year!!
it was delicious! I can never go back to sugar free..I wont do it haha
what did she say?
You are correct.
ahaha! Do we make y'all nervous??? Lolol(:
haha good idea. I was thinking about abstaining from the blow jobs for him for a bit. but the lemon thing sounds better. ...
I love watching the Spanish network
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job. Jim Rohn
Understand where your library is going. The writing is on the wall that academic libs are more and more about e-resources.
saw my mommy, golfed, ate a pizza, and hit the bong. what a sweet day
I've just finished my work out! I feel soo relaxed and fit :D
hahahaha I'm telling Jared!
not to mention the unconfirmed user plugin!
So I just ordered french toast, eggs, and mashed potatoes. My server looked at me like I was insane, hahah.
Just not going to sweat the small stuff.
Today Only! Ladies Haircut $45 Mens Haircut $25 with select stylists give us a call 402-0037 See you soon!
hey what's up ??? It's been like forever haha
so sick & tired of fake bitches who think they models but they not
Water is totally in right now.
Cushion109 is my sister.... Go follow her now!
Thanks Cindy. You are an angel!
Who can get us some shows out of Memphis in July?
Live to love
im making a documentary with me and my friends called l.i.f.e
My brain melted today. The only cure is more ice cream.
I hope she didn't cheat. That would just be grimy in my opinion.
#PennState hater! If you know so much, why no mention of 1/3/12 PSU HC announcement WIDELY reported by many reputable sources
No all-Williams matchup after Stosur win
thank ya J! Love ya!
Are you saying anything else would blindside you? Then watch out, because that's what Hines made a career doing.
best shopping pals ever!
just waking up,but I'm locked and listening What's good yall
": New Music releasing today Feat #hear my cry RT"
We've got the bulls game on live in the booth here at #citrixsynergy stop on by
The web just happens. Like how mushrooms show up overnight.
This is sad. MT : McCain on Lugar loss: "The moral of the story is: Don't play defense, play offense."
I still have her last 2 to read....maybe this summer I can catch up.
discusses the projects of NYPL labs, including geo-mapping of historical documents, public can interact
Follow these steps: 1. Get a calculator 2. Type "58318" on it. 3. Turn your calculator upside-down. RT if you smiled or understood it. =)
Saturday morning fun audio. Give it a listen. www.freekshowradio.com
Now diaw doing work spurs starting to get it together #GoSpursGo!!!
aw, you're just saying that cuz i gave you half of a yummy cookie that jennifer in #crafty made on the #teenwolf set that day
When they did the crowd shot, did you see how much Carolina blue there was? Whoa. That was a home game atmosphere for them.
2 for Hugo. On a roll.
ACK! How did I not see that had more choices than just the recommended fonts? I've been living in a prison of my own design!
Getting away is great and home is even better! If I can help u promote your new projects let me know! :)
hey !(: man come to mexico with Austin
is that a serious question? Ron Paul is has been ideologically consistent for 30 plus years
Let's hope so!
Anytime. Support that's #SOLIDASAROCK!!!! How have you been?
I don't know what else to do anymore....
Who is in the trade? It's great sitting on the throne!
Great. And thankful. How about you?
More legs in her shot. Easy fix.
Treat your computer to some preventative services tomorrow & get $5 off AND a green cookie!! Facebook "LIKE" us too!...
I must say that the has had a number of good planning/preservation/community development related articles today.
500th tweet goes to my best friends & I don't know where I'd be without you guys!
so weird !!
#BostonCeltics you can't turn the ball over 17 times and expect to win on the playoffs! You beat yourselves!
Forgetting all I'm lacking, completely incomplete. I'll take your invitation, you take all Of me!
just focus on getting through. It's a lot, but you're strong enough. Lean on Prof X.
A DJs job is 2 play music people want to hear. Playing YOUR music to make people want to hear is PROMO. There is a charge 4 that
shout out for hooking me up with the #Nike Revis Knows T Shirt
Celts had some terrible shots , bad poss., and let the Hawks back in. Go Celts
Students have been interviewed during investigation involving #ElkRiver hockey coach.
What's up with Jimmy Johnson's contacts?
clearly you're talking about me. haha
do you like Apple Pie or Vanilla Ice Cream better? :-)
hey follow me back this precious
Hopefully Mesa College will be next on the list!
So a point was made today That I talk Hella sh*T on my status lol. I'm gon behave now i promise. ;)
RT - "You change with every situation and event you go thru in life" -Miami Dolphins RB Larry Johnson
Have given 12 free copies of The Hunger Games away today for World Book Night... 8 to go!
#FF My Favorites reads of the week! Happy Friday to you all!
is just chillin hard on the couch ---------- unresponsive
Did and sneak off to coachella without and I???only worse friendship was in that movie #NOT$
heading up north to visit the Russian River! Fun times, and kayaks what more?
Good afternoon! Don't forget to buy your tickets to "strut for the horn"! Tabling from 2-5 in MGC!
It's not across their platforms, but Compellent, EqualLogic and their Proactive warranty support on PE
Hey wuz up hope your doing good! Nice that you will be performing at the Miami Marlins hope to be there! Follow me
I need a mulligan after that effort - no doubt!
5 days until Armed Forces Week begins! What was your favorite event from last year?
RT : When studying, read the rationales of the questions that you get right AND wrong. Refer to the text to clarify the...
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
haha! that's different, but we wont knock it till we try it! we're always open to new omelette toppings!!
Hosea Ballou~ Weary the path that does not challenge. Doubt is an incentive to truth and patient inquiry leadeth the way.
Best words in the English language: "Kitten shopping!"
Just seeing your tweet now - see I TOLD you I suck at tweeting. Trying to get back into it! ;)
We had 5 out of our 22
congrats to #ArtModell of the #Ravens who made the HOF cut to semifinalist, I don't think they'll put him in but you never know
What is the difference between being painfully shy or being aloof? Not sure I understand the subtleties.
will not be out this weekend; too busy between movin' & Easter with the fam, and yeah. lol
can't wait to have you co-host the telethon today!
That's what they always say... RT : I don't hate you visha there's no reason to.
it's about to be a #BTFparty in this bitch!
You, sir, are a lucky man. Although you may feel unlucky after shooting a 106 today.
Shut them down NY, Shut them Down!#RiseNYK! Let's do this NY.. You know we can.
#childhoodmemories falling off a slide after climbing up backwards onto the CONCRETE playground
RT “: Pokemon used to be tht shit back in the day. still Is!!
we used to live in Louisville Susie...wait 'til you see their "International" airport!
Wonderful day of rehearsal.. Movement and text work at canal site... Had some community participation from kids playing in the park.
adele interview on 60 minutes, preview of the #grammys unscientific opinion: she's going to win a TON.
Dang it - 2 run homer from the Cards. Come on Brew Crew!
He's still a lil sick but getting better. Thx!! RT : How's your baby doing?
$60! hello rich people? troy's joining you. yes i'll hold.
Why are these 3 young girls getting on the bus at 9 at night by themselves???
John Skelton bring those passes down.
The problem with the acceptance of fuzzy logic is that it feels natural for us to round things off.
Well, well, well. Our business cards always show up before we do.
Seven hours of studying done... and it was only 13 problems....
Bronson asked, "Why am I here? What did I do? What's going on?" ... "It was like a bad dream."
Playing with the Lab Band and Gretsch Guitar Ensemble tonight at Fitz's Spare Keys in Elmhurst. It's FREE!
Do you know somebody who makes tutus?
Same. “: I love job my”
wow! Thanks to y'all. :)
By this time tomorrow my IUE will be nothing but a distant memory.
Thanks Jay!!
Thanks for the RT!
I know.... Come on Henry Take Over My Updates Please!
Geminis r bad bitches ;)
Time for bed though, I'm exhausted ad have a busy weekend still ahead...
We are loving all the opportunities we are getting here at
I freaking love twizzlers!
ya think .
The Monday after a conference: the most I'll use LinkedIn for a year.
AW & Omg!! you having a 15?
to wake up early for breakfast? Probably a miracle.
My mom, mother of 4 children: "you can't bring children to a restaurant. They're animals. Animals"
get it together!
Phone on 20%
Looking forward to seeing old friends and making new ones at the #4C12 convention in St. Louis! Drop by our booth and say hi!
Money & success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there. -Will Smith
Big shout out to our #ppanf2 sponsors. Thanks much!
Growing out my facial hair to see how it looks...so far...very blonde and unnoticeable :/
I Am So IN Love With Falala feat Boyz ll Men!!!! I bought the album as soon as it came out... plz plz plz follow me... <3 ILY
I checked mtv website, I think there is only behind the scenes of the episodes I'm not sure lol thank you! :)
You named your kid heaven backwards? You must be super cool parents.
Back to the city. Would rather be here, though.
Time to drink coffee and write queries.
: as long as I am in the payroll in any capacity whatsoever I must request a hearing. Beware, technically u broke law too!
#ThanksNicoleFreedman you sent me a bike map, which I still use and installed a bike rack in a spot I suggested.
I'm great. I'm just finishing up a photo internship at Seventeen Magazine. Getting ready for a summer with a lot of shooting
The sun is so hot, The drinks are so cold, Your clothes just fall of, as the day goes ~
mia is the only1 who liks the sam guy as me tht dosnt irritate me if someone likes a celeb i lik i'm lik no stop it's not lik tht wit her :P
whys that?
Metro Station has never gotten old to me. As a matter of fact, they've made me quite happy these past few years.
Oh noes. What now?
"Beardsoup is the only reason I'm getting laid" --Ralph. Loving those happy customer testimonials!!
oh right, but um..shyeah! You're telliin me!
Trey Burke returning to Michigan per UM Athletics
my girl and i will be in vegas tomorrow. so excited for some good pool time stayin at luxor then monte carlo and then mgm
of course! Too easy .... welcome to the tweeps
Tell em its a homicide
We all start somewhere. But you get back up and try again.
Haven't touched the clubs in 2 years, should be interesting!
Thanks for sharing our most popular March promotional items blog. Glad you liked it :-)
We hope all of our fellow fashion lovers and followers are having a wonderful day today :)
You do! How about #SanAntonio? We'd love to help you relax.
All those fairytales are full of shit, one more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
Two nights in a row of compliments from people who appreciate my proper use of the English language. That's a good feeling.
follow so I can DM you. . .
oh hell no! thats my hunny! :))
Things are beautiful if you love them
Commute? :-) Let's compare.
implying he's being fake. Soo.
It's way too early
lol aight respect. I tap out
Glogster.com and Go Animate rock
yeah it is
well happy to have you on board now!
I'm both #teamtravis & #teamwas, but choosing just one it would be
Where are my fellow SPLers? I want to share the beery goodness!
Leather and Latex night!!! It's going to be a great party!
That was brilliant!
MY BODY IS BROKEN FROM THAT SLEEPER SUPLEX
hey babe <3
Think about a legendary manager in your company <U+FFFD> you may be one, O revered one, or you may know one.
Fiend without a face
Random text from my dad: Do you have Brazilian friends? I wonder what that's all about
now i guess it's the cutthroat trout. thought it was the rainbow trout when i was young.
$HHII is interesting at the moment because it seems, to some extent, they are engaging penny stock advertisers to promote their stock.
"You might think I'm crazy. This chance to rendezvous. You might think I'm crazy. All I want is you."
I have to work until 9. Jer is working but might get off
aha!! Great win. Hopefully #Caps can do it too 2 nite! Thanks for listening
What's up Arianators?
true but azjiah's doing act 2 and 3<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Long break in between quarters.
lol thank you mister :P
I'm prod of my page on the new story telling website. Even though I haven't written any stories yet
chorus from Norway swings w dukes tonight on riverboat Natchez. its a party!!
agreed :D sick regardless.
Rainy today but high 60s. I remember those arctic winters! BRRR!
My phone just autocorrected "wine" to "Enes". I guess I love sports more than alcohol. #sad?
i love twitter you choose to follower someone just because of the picture or something they say
arizona is scaring the shit out of me these days
You did get that I was joking right? How are you doing anyway?
I know, love. I've got a couple more followers though that I hope will follow your example. ;) Feeling better? Drama over?
Wow, Gruden is in love with Norv and AJ Smith. Is he interviewing for the job? The ass-kissing is impressive. (Would love him as coach)
Get down to for All-Night Happy Hour with ! Thurs Happy Hour 4p-2a. Send names to 916-295-0720 for free guest list.
Finally, I have company! I was hoping for an early out! Haha!
FREE TOP SHELF GRAM for All New Patients! 4 G 8ths for $50 ALL & EVERY DAY! FREE Additional Premium Pre-Roll TODAY ONLY! HAPPY FATHER'S DAY!
Hungover from wild show at Mohawk. Thanks to Gashcat, Globster and Persian Wars.
Betty White's Off Their Rockers 7.21 million viewers... who's watching this show???
Happy valentine's day everyone! Just a reminder that we are open today! Come have a drink at the bar or join us for dinner tonight!
I guess I'm just so scared of getting hurt again that I won't let things happen.
Lee Westwood
Go State - please continue crushing the hopes of the ND cult.
That call was awesome. B's fans are sour, saying Knuble interfered w/Thomas in the crease. Whaaaaaa....
makes complete sense! Again, thanks for the help, I appreciate it.
Vidal Sassoon: hair today, gone tomorrow.
:o how'd you know!!! lmao
great post on 's blog, thanks for sharing. I see you're an UT alum as well, glad to connect.
155 yard shot off pine straw, through the trees with a 50 yard hook and pitch it with draw spin. Yeah, I got that shot
Can you PLEASE wish good luck at her cheer competition on sunday?! IT WOULD MEAN THE WORRLDDDD <3 PLEASE Z
gettin' ready for Revival ; text me :)
I vote for for the Award in category #NatlIntlB2BServicesCo because of their unfailing commitment to SB success.
Chocolate is something that suits every occasion and can be gifted to anybody
That show is cool. Tell others to follow!!!!
The Fights, Disagreements, Struggle, Aside all that all I want is you <3
oh i dont know it
So glad you enjoyed it! Until lately I've only shared with staff I was training. I wasn't sure how it would go over.
How exactly do they attract more users?
I really did think Earl Scruggs would be the last of that generation standing...
Ahh I love Mayday Parade.
walk it off!
tell me about it. I googled it.
how come... Yu did me in last-night
Good luck! I'll be doing that in the next year or two.
Twitter is to tweets as Lithium Networks is to expert network solutions
Can't wait to see the Bollywood version of The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.
going to play basketball with friends and then going to see the lucky one
I meant tweeps
actually no one will be in the office next week. oops.
I will miss Lala.com so much... back to using pandora and buying albums from amazon I guess...
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>FOLLOW HER PlEASE<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
umpiring baseball games.
i'm fresher than a mofocker.
Health product of the day: Multiple vitamin & mineral T/R (time released throughout the day!) $29 *A MUST have* mynsp.com/CleanStart
no worries. I'll bounce back. I just need some people to hang out with. Dolphin face and I are possibly hanging out sometime.
Is currently walking up Charles. Smokey says only you can prevent forest fires :-X
no not at all it just isnt cheer at all!
Do it. Save some stamina ford drums tonight, though.
Breakfast is General Tso's tofu. Visited my uncle this morning who said he "intervened" when my mom wanted to marry in college. Not my dad.
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou? These 18 letters & these 3 words which are 'Austin Carter Mahone' <U+2665> this boy has such a great impact in my life :)
Lovin tonight, Bucks are winning, just shook Donald Drivers hand & Kato Kaelin's here haha!
eeep omg ok i just died but yeah i'll get a perf score for you mad dgakldhxiowpdhsklshf
This ref is having a hard time explaining overtime. I'll bet he's nervous talking to Andrew Luck. He's gonna be the No. 1 pick you know.
haha I might:) x
I'm gonna regret drinkin all tht soda 4 the rest of the nite...
Energy? Nope, I have none.
Cooking us up a new song, or five...
I still haven't finished my homework,
thx!! Did you call about that doggie?
Such an awesome idea, the plenary. Really sorry that I am missing it!
I Hope I brightened their day. all mothers should be appreciated <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
ugh, not in a good mood..
Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has said that the violence in the country that followed his re-election "was not a spontaneous reaction
It's especially hard in emails. I wish it was appropriate to use smiley faces with everyone too :P
Dear parents, i dont want to get a job, leave me alone.
About to #Swag up with
Today's attendance at Keeneland on a cold, rainy Saturday: 23,823.
Thank you. You're making us blush. Wait until you try the Bromigo, which launches 9/8
but of course. email is
BEST PROFILE PIC EVER!!!
RT thanks for the follows. Here to help!
are you in 8th grade?? And my birthday is sept 3rd im 2 days over then you. ;)
Cannot sleep. Wth a
Massage Therapy is a discipline in Alternative and Complementary Medicine and can be prescribed by a dr. & covered by health insurance.
Feel like I could use a drink but I'm sticking to my plan
dm'd you on the wake up call.
I'll listen to Common before I need to go to bed. A lot like I do to any song you put out ever.
An intimate friend knows the secrets of your heart. ~ Maria Carter
There may be pain in the night, but joy comes in the morning.
"is it just as important to address the poverty, stress and hopelessness that some children bring into the classroom" =Blow
Please stop by The Clarion story meeting today at 3:30 in room 131 right next to The Clarion office
Of course! Best of luck to you guys with the #eatwelldowell program!
I like twitter profile: "Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to inspire them."
this whole time! Fuck!
Sweet shoutout to
Happy Mother's Day! :D
Waking up before dawn is a lot better knowing there are new features.
true that
Why does have to have a sore loser speech after the fight? Carlos stuck and moved. Constantly.
Yeah, probably. It's BS.
---> your voice gets me through the night #i'mcarolinablue
oh i don't know (;
Guurrll shake that Booty meat!
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one. -Dolly Parton
you shut up
RT : WHOLE BOWLING GREEN METRO KY TAKE COVER!
Amare punching glass and messing up his hand post game? What is this... in Acapulco?
Seeking businesses who would like to become more visible to potential customers on the internet...
I need a jelly belly intervention (If they could make them all taste like the yellow window-cleaner flavor, that might help).
It's the same thing every weekend night.....*sigh*
i can relate
Ah. I knew that assessment class was a tough one for you. What kind of employment are you looking for?
yea my email is
I wanted to talk to you after church tonight
An apology from Management and a "You were right, Gabe." would be nice.
- I hope you will do the right thing and move bill to the floor
Which are slowest? RT : One of these days I'll figure out why certain precincts take so long to come in.
You can't be scared honey! Lol
WRITING A BANGER!! (ECHO) tweety birds....HaHa..Be on the look out for my New Single "GO" you will not be disappointed. Something different.
absolutley amazing at worlds! hopefully i will see you and your team next year? (:
Eddie Johnson is crazy... in the right situation, Monta is top 15, easy... even in the wrong one (GSW 09-10) he's like no. 22
Me too! That part & then the part when the grandfather said the little girl didn't make it.
inspiring women and moms to dream we can do anything. And I for one know we can. Thank you Leslie!
all my diamonds imported and a 8 ball is what tha bitch jus snorted
Enjoy and congrats to your brother
You have a right to your opinions. I just don't want to hear them. -Anonymous
Congrats, "Mr. Mayor"! Can't wait to see what's in store for everyone this next season.
Landlord has not yet put up screens; random outdoor thumps highly likely to be squirrels running into a propped-open storm window. :)
A woman's mink coat represents the sacrifice of a lot of little animals, including her husband
“: Aaron touched both my hands. And hugged me in my seat. Life completed! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>” Thank you!
Stupid: adj. unreasoned thinking or act. ex: Setting a laptop & backpack down next to a Crime Alert sign, then not returning for five hours.
Thank you.
-Next time you feel like sushi, come see us at Mizu Sushi in San Jose!
I don’t trust people very easily. So when I tell you that I trust you, please don’t make me regret it.
Twitter is way better on my new kindlefire than on my stupid phone! Many sorrys for all the typos to come
Made it from SxSW to Seattle for the Museum Ed NAEA preconference. Happy 30th anniversary NAEA Museum Ed Div
sounds like a great idea!!
Oh I still wear Fitteds All Day but nothing surprises me in fashion. Went from to ......I was like WTF
Great discussion abt. the key states and strategies for the 2012 Presidential Election at #politico1yc. What do you think will move voters?
thank u!!
Good Gang Music Factory presents... ANIMAL FRIENDS - our first album! BUY IT NOW at www.goodgangmusicfactory.com (CDs, iTunes, AmazonMP3)
Bob Dylan - Beyond Here Lies Nothin' - 10:46 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Indonesia is on TLC tv now! Hahahahha
What do you thinks is most likely? He had more than anyone else or that the test was bad? Chance this is overturned?
Majestic Mondays at One Up Elevated Lounge: Join us for lunch where chef inspired menu items await. Soup Du Jour; Manhattan clam chowder.
All candidates won.
Past and Present We live by the Golden Rule
I can do that
just got the galleys for Bryan Charles' latest, forthcoming from Open City in Nov. Can't wait to dive in.
The difference between a woman on her period and a terrorist is that you can negotiate with a terrorist.
I <3 your music selena !!! also can't wait until the premiere of your movie !!!! luv alots !!
"I'm not sure that out gays anal"
Badgers played hard, but couldn't pull off the upset at Carolina. Time to take care of business at home against Marquette and UNLV.
Enjoy him! He will grow fast. :)
Your back-to-back TV shows had me a my son rollin! Can't wait for the movie. Thanks for the laughs.
Well, that depends on more specifics and my receiving more info and details.
REALLY? So can you explain to me how they give the tomatoes chlamydia? It always seemed so cruel to me...
My cat didn't skip a beat. As soon as I came home she hopped up next to me and she has been my constant companion since then.
#LiesWeTell I did not have #SexualRelations with your #Sister.I did have #SexualRelations with your #Mother though..
Knock it off lmao! RT : Damn can u say str8 up sexy??? ;)
AHH. I'm Excited. :D Will you tell us when we can rsvp?
just cause yu think yu pretty dnt mean act like a bitch
lol! I am sure Sosa still has bats floating around Wrigley. Lol
NHL season starts tonight. Good thing there's no Brewers game!
thanks so much for tweeting about our Merk deal! followed!
Dial-in info for #PdPlus call w/ & Davis Segal: 712-432-0075, code 336319. See you there!
I think that Sterling will end up dead.
Am back home to cali for the next week.. glad to get out of Austin right now, it was 96 and humid when I left, thought I was gonna melt
excited for your presentation on creating powerful personal branding using social mediums #UCLeads , will you see this now?
cool! demo time!! awesome!
"As soon as I raise my hand, I warn you, it'll be too late to run."
My reading has narrowed down to one update at a time. I miss my books.
Thanks. I just did.!
“: Thanks for the great cup of coffee and great talk #” pleasure was all mine Fang will do again soon
I hope one of your kids is gay. If you don't like gay people, blame straight people. They are the ones having gay kids.
I always have long lasting freindships.
college basketballs over, now it's time for college football !
SHUT THE FUCK UP.
Will we allow multiple? U St/African Am Civil War Memorial/Cardozo/Bens Chili Bowl/CVS/Rite Aid/Busboys&Poets
please follow this belieber now>>>
Tinsley, you absolutely suck.
Judith Lederman: the importance of bringing together as many art teachers together to talk about proceses of inquiry.
I know, right? The waiting until keys in hand is going to be horrible.
Morbidly obese couples have a tv show, and this is ok??? Hm
I want it to snow! #can'twaittosled
Last night was NOT the night to have insomnia… need energy for a important client call today
Thanks so much Joel. Congrats on everything and looking forward to April 5th! Let's Go Bucs!!
it' s never the right time to say goodbye.
HER OUTFIT IS SO CUTE.
Maybe can get to book him on July 2nd. He plays in OH on the 3rd. :)
Democrat Jose Javier Rodriguez with a second straight impressive fundraising quarter, $20,970 for Q1, total of $47,365!
so emotional I've seen it so many times and my heart still can't take it
Plan for tomorrow will be to run 16 on the Ozaukee interurban trail. Should be nice in the am
But it's whatever! lol We are going shopping in Manhattan then heading to Queens to see friends! I love NY! :) xoxo
RT I hope you're wearing your bike helmet while using the Internet... because... meow.
I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player
#shoutout my new followers thank you!!!! #yngsquad #teamfollowback get down wit us!!!
you need to tell your brother to stop trying lol
9 out of 10 employees agree. RT The quickest way to demotivate me: make it all about metrics.
Hey washington you're going down. Bear down arizona
So much this. RT : I expect you all to share your stories of self today when convincing voters
“: Happy Birthday and Congratulations!” thanks Yvette.
Wish I was at Coachella to see the Tupac hologram.
Wish we could've seen this sooner! We hope to see you soon Joanna! Have a BLAST @ the White Party!!!
Live dangerously.
Just got done finishing up a couple instrumentals for #PopHour at !.. Absolutly insane!! Big S/O to
I could not be any happier about this weather report.
Can I be off work now
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow????
Shout out to all our new followers. Much love to all of you and Good bless.
Baseball Tonight <3
Frickin yeah! All that stuff is dope!
What an incredible and inspiring Foundation!
we are almost a wrap. It will be a great one.
no collizion crew had to stay :( ugh really dont like fanny pak..
Welp, Monday's almost over. Now to just figure out what to do for dinner.....any suggestions?
So I read Scarlett Johansson's article for the Huffington Post. I didn't think I could love her more than I do. But I can. She's stunning
No charges in Grant HS alleged hazing case. Victims don't want to testify
THNX 4 FOLLOWING CUB. FOLLOWING IN RETURN
JUST VOTED FOR YOU GUYS :) Hope I get a shout out... *AHEM* Mimi Cunningham *Cough*
Enjoyed "Can't Find My Way Home (Live From Madison Square Garden)" by Eric Clapton & Steve Winwood on Pandora
Omg , chatt called me a dick , haha ! :p
Just signed up to volunteer for , looking forward to helping out for this awesome cause!
way to go ! let's keep going boys.
The final score was 63-69 Kentucky. We played a great game.
Thanks for the follow, , , Have a good one!
.: Why don't we write about peace innovation?
Its freezing at the park:(
OH please that is just becasue youtube hates the cock
you looked overwhelmed tonight, in a good way. A lot of us were, too. I think my little heart exploded at one point. :)
Bye bye boobies
The library will be closing in 30 minutes. Everyone have a great Derby weekend!
Feels like a 70s lite rock day.
Enhance Your Skills in Social Media, Presentations & Media Outreach. PD workshop Sunday at
Your beautiful <3
I say it all about money
Got the nicest card in the mail! Made me smile :) Love you! And yes we need to get together SOON! #reunion xoxo
Making my mommy breakfast <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
you're the best dude podcasting about movies out there. You should know that.
That was my Impression haha
Finding a ton of job listings on Washington Post website...why didn't I think to look there before?
LOLOL that was a wig!
We can't wait! It's going to be such a fun event! : )
90 degrees + in Indian wells this weekend?..... Can't wait, it's gonna be hard not to
word up lmao
thanks for having me at GE.
Trying 2 get real loose 2nite after work...T.G.I.F....
Flora Edwards~ In helping others we shall help ourselves for whatever good we give out completes the circle and comes back to us.
I agree sir! They looked good last night!
Happy #stpatricksday! Come celebrate Italian-style with $3 Peronis all day long!
Cooking channel : great tips for quick and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Bobby Flay
+You+gona+be+at+fresno+C.A.+Bat+im+from:+Bulgaria--+City:Pazardjik+if+you+came+on+Bulgaria++you+gona+be+may+guest+on+my+house
i just want to fuck you! lmao
Bout to run to WalMart right quick
Can you please follow For me She follows back!(:
Can't wait to see yinz tonight : We're in Pittsburgh, PA tonight (4/18) at the Thunderbird Cafe with ! 8pm.
Good Morning (: Have a great Monday.
The discovery that today is National Pretzel Day is making me thirsty.
Come enjoy Nutty Noodles on the patio tonight. It's a beautiful evening.
: the Internet community is becoming one that can stop almost anything but start almost nothing
Hey Fayven, have you ever been so in love that you just CAN'T stop thinking about them and it gets in your way?
In memoriam: "travelling is insane, need to take it easy" "going out was super, drinking water" "univercity was amazing, need to see a doc".
Foot Injections Are on the Rise; Real Men Use Moisturizer
Just... like... in the street with James Garfield (the boar’s head, not the prez)? Because I bet she’d do that.
Based on how tired I am and how much is left to do, my arrival at DLF will be late... but sang a great Water Night this evening
A Romantic Story... Part 1 [EXPERT]
Just waking up, and I have a 8am class in 2 weeks
Put in a good driving lesson and worked out today was a good day.
I love
Crystal made her instagram name cool7787
If I vote for Donald Driver tonight on #dwts can I also vote tomorrow in the Wisconsin primary?
Hey Hipsters! There is a level of cowardice lower than that of the conformist: the fashionable non-conformist. -
I feel another day of shopping coming on...
I enjoyed reading, thank you for sharing.
Let's do this! All Red #Sixers <3
Joyce, you have a great commercial look. It looks like I will offer my Atlanta workshop either the 3 or 4th of December
no one will ever burp and get a burst of energy like this chick
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 307
What an inspirational night it has been.
Austin has a heart. Unlike most guys in the world who don't care about girls feelings, Austin does. He really truly does. And I know it.
Clouds and light rain this holiday morning. Nice time for some quilting. :-)
See you Friday!
“: Will stop by at Golf Show. See you in a few weeks. Bet you can't wait to escape the cold!” Amen!...Cheers, Flash!
patent pending patent pending patent pending RT : Keep your friends close & your IT guy closer cc: &
long time since the home w the Studio deal I learned u new Run DMC when ur ready to return to NYC luv
Guestlists are filling up fast! DM us now to avoid disappointment.
Will check out your list (thanks!). And agreed it is a great idea - we're onto it!
Please note: Categories are listed alphabetically, and within each category individual quotes are in no particular order
The significant problems we have cannot be solved at the same level of thinking with which we created them. Albert Einstein 1879 - 1955
3Bet took the under and thinks Turkey Day is off to a great start!
Up and at 'em on #NHprimary day!
Arrived in Milwaukee, lunch at Soup Brothers, headed to meeting at Marquette
LA native Dorell Wright's out at Dodger Stadium tonight
Trying to find tickets for the #Thunder #Heat game Sunday night
Two Reasons Why It's So Hard To Solve A Redneck Murder: The DNA all matches & There are no dental records
I can't stay mad at Jonas for ever!
You're so hot Zach
Fortunately Billy Joe would be the first one to admit that - Though I am sure that does nothing to help fill those band's wallets
I don't flirt, I'm just... nice to everybody.
Making Money on digital downloads? ... ha ha, better start touring!
Justin Bieber & Jaden Smith Release New Track for New Year (LISTEN) Justin Bieber is still going hard in 2012, already releasing a new so
you and me both
“: Check out op-ed on #CISPA Think of this bill as TSA for the internet. Now how you gonna vote?
Yes! Let's help raise $10K to beat ALS! Takes just 2 seconds.
That's cause you're not seeing Beirut. ):
You think so??
TMZ time :) (the real one)...I do my best.
oh sleep, as the end of the school year draws near, you become increasingly more difficult to obtain.
#DesignBizChat overtaken by spammers - ending it here today - too bad - such great info shared.
alittle better how u feeling was how I felt yesterday
thanks!!! YOU are amazing!!!
Who wants to follow me
Sometimes happiness comes from where you least expect it :)
It is important to focus on your own feelings, honor those feelings, and know that you do not have to justify what you feel.
Change of direction and focus with my duties and responsibilities at BME. This could be fun.
Libya,hah, who's next? the PEOPLE didn't win this war, the PROPAGANDA did. there's nothing to celebrate
no problem :) its only a follow ;) lol
u need to think about ur loss and killurself 3 times lls
The Loudoun Landscapes photography blog has been overhauled. Photos can now be searched by topic. Pastoral.LoudounLandscapes.com
happy birthday!!! [:
A drink a day keeps the shrink away.
Antibiotics means no Friday afternoon bar cart.
Looking for Skilled musicians in the Valley (AZ)
Happy 146th birthday
lmao o.o
#CandleSwag. i still remember :) <U+2665>
why don't you tell me, where your heart was broken
#echelon3000 tonight everyone free all night ladies drink free
also, check out queenofthering.tv to stay up to day with all the events and battles!
The Turin Horse (2011)
Back at work after 2-day 24-hour/day nursing duty for my hubby's shoulder surgery. OUCH. For both of us!
great pictures thanks for sharing.
Hey, by any chance do you know a girl called Sarah Rooney? She's a girl on youtube who talks bs, she says she knows you...jw...
#YouTooDamnOldToBe workin' in the mail room! How come you haven't been promoted up out of here yet?
spam cures allergies.
RT “: Kevin Harlan, Cheryl Miller and myself have the call tonight, Portland vs Lakers...”
WORK FLOW
I assume Garcon signing with the Redskins left them no choice. Definitely huge to have his experience to help Luck.
Atlas gets a shout out! Why no mention of soon-to-be-defunct H Street Playhouse? Just sayin'...
make me proud !
"Manic Monday Follows "
hey chris reply there buddy ha cool man
I hope you save one for me :)
My little sister kills me with her annoyence.
Ben Breedlove. Wow.
You were in my dreams last night. And even there I was head over heels for you. Still breathless every time our eyes met.
"hold on eva longoria is texting me" lmaoo wow :)
neighbors are playing shitty music, time to put mine on full blast.
anyone else feel a crazy shift of change lately?! im kind of into it...change is good...
- thanks Sara! Keep me posted on your endeavors - love to support!
< aint nobody worse than fat when he in his zone lol
#sla2011 the wise panelists in 104 A careers discussion (Rink,Arnold,Jones,Salonen,Edwards) are why I love this profession
We got two pieces that were NOT created to GO together...
m I wanna watch that!!
This whole not being able to workout thing likely will be the death of me.
When we love someone we'd do anything for them, but sometimes we go to the ends of the world just to realize that they aren't there.
Can't Wait For DOAWK Your Such A Great Actress And Sweet And I Don't Think U Could Forget So! Beautiful!
tough luck :) I mean -___-
Stepping back in time - Honolulu Intl Airport looks much as it did when we left Oahu in 1975! Still has laid back, retro vibe, so not 2012!
I want to start my own Super PAC
Thank you!! We're so excited!
Tweeting should be looking over my notes for my exam n a min #dontcare tweeting continue
thanks for the follow! :]
@ For what?
that good, huh?
Signing NY contract is Holy Grail to many writers. Believe it gives validation as a professional writer.
I'm making waffles
Met some great students at Marquette University's career fair yesterday!
Have y'all moved to 5.09/6.0 yet? How have the Mail Manager improvements gone for you?
Then you should listen to "Changed The Way You Kiss Me ;) RT : Dead mau5 and dubb step.
It's supparrr cold!! Never again am I going outside...
I think so too!
Pgh area musicians: have a friend seeking pro kybd and gtr player for working band. Email me for contact info/details.
Three days without a phone was enjoyable. Bars tonight anyone?
C/O '12 gonna b miss so dearly =,( ima miss yall
Finally finally have my car back.
Thanks dudes! UDABES RT Check out our buddies in Destruction Of A Rose right now!
WHAT WHAT WHAT HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER WHAT
what about texas!!
I... SOMEONE JUST KILL ME NOW..... NOT A GIRL!!! WHY MUST IT BE A GIRL!!!!
Lawd have mercy, why is there a customer at my store rockin a mullet??? Sekurity!!!!
It's Cinco De Mayo! Go out and support your local mexican restaurant!
I'm not Marvin... You're not just gonna hit on me like I'm some little bitch... You can... and will... get hit the fuck back.
nicki minaj i am your leader.mov: via FREESTYLE
RT:Everyone go follow
Gluten free means I am not chasing down the suv that advertises "girl scout cookies on board" in this parking lot right now
Brad Richards gets the goal.
or what if they just came to you so you don't have to get up
We're meeting with a restaurant owener later this week for some guidance! So exciting!
Is the hubby at work? If so- will he be able to make it home?
STOKED 2 work w/ Team Jane McGonigal (, ) for #SxSW. I srsly love saying her name: McGonigalMcGonigalMcGonigal
Hi Jennifer, how are you? Happy with the Luck pick I imagine. I will email you about a car show on the Speed Channel.
Just an hour away from LIVE tweets.
smokes up! Cheers.
Thanks for coming out to see us after working the phone banks hard!
Just had our 1st official planning mtg re: ICTC orientation in June! :)
Where is ?
Happy birthday and !
": Some girls are like a phone call from a private caller... you can pick it up, but chances are they just want money."
Hand ball by Serbia in the box costs Serbia a point. Ghana wins by a great penalty kick.
Feeling especially creative today...must be this amazing weather.
Keep your eyes pn - he's sharp and going far.
iJever needs a time out, you guys. In a corner. The irrelevant corner.
The Hero and the Crown by Robin McKinley
my bag while I was at a coffee shop, discussing how to fix the education system.
got a you a rommm
i swear hmwrk
OMFG i hate twitter
Reporting for Spec, sitting a few feet from Arianna Huffington.
Okay it's really late over here and I've gpt school early tomorrow so I'm gonna call it =) Goodnight =)
We just received three beautiful scarves with notes from Julie Petersen in Colorado. Thank you Julie!
Tryna stay positive !
horrible year in movies
said it best in #welldone! Just wanna make it to heaven. Just wanna make it in! That's being and icon in the kingdom!
FINALLY my apartments have #GAC!!
"How do you dance to this?" RT “: Ba Ba Ba Benny and the jets...song playing at the #flockinshindig”
Like our Facebook page.... Keep up witt our updates and when the site will be ready for testing....
BMW Joins VW, Daimler Beating Estimates as Porsche Gains - BusinessWeek
Go ! Great win vs Ohio state!
thanks Big Kev. I appreciate that. I've had an awesome day thus far. Just finished a Great Back workout!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I just looked at the clock, and I honestly thought it was like nine am.
Oh, word, Drexel library? Y'all don't enjoy my impassioned grooving to this neo-soul? That's what those stares mean? Okay.
RT RT : Hurricane Irene strengthens, heads for U.S. mainland
#BOYFRIENDvideo in 3 days. I'm beyond excited.
Unfortunatly, there's truth in ur last tweet.
I'm followin u already, follow me
Happy Valentines Day Everyone! Be sure to spend time with that special someone.
New pro pic to show support 2 the flawless inspiring graceful showed me 2 hold strong to my beliefs no matter what they say
Hoping to propose SEA Anglophone Lit panel for #MLA13 w/ C. Naruse. In the process of getting others on board!
both. What is proper attire for a phone interview? #sleeveless ? #tuxedoteeshirt ? .
is awake, more or less
USA still leads medal count with 8 total medals!
Heaven is where the cops are British,the cooks are Italian,the mechanics are German,the Lovers r French,and it's all organized by the Swiss.
where is it?
after party after the show, I wanna stay but I gotta go... RedEye
Ha I blend in with the elementary school kids lol
Also gonna see the comedy/horror movie Detention (w/Josh Hucherson & Will Wallace) at AMC 8 Burbank.
I like it. There's a ramp up to the door and everything.
Thank the Lord I am still graduating May 5!! God is a good God that never fails!!! Ready to walk across that stage! GOODBYE SCF!!!
Called that crash. Danica totally dropped an F bomb while she wrecked. She is not happy
Can portfolio theory save lives? - Reuters
oh :) well.... HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY! :D
But never forget that his Kingdom is a tangible kingdom built not with hands but with His gracious love
June 4th its supposed to happen... keep your fingers crossed!
I'm on my way to work. Let's make today better than yesterday.
ED ROBINSON'S SONG "OUR HEROES" NO. 10 ON NEW YORK CHARTS
Happy Valentine's Day!
I still need all your numbers! My phone got wet and lost 500 of my 750 numbers!!!
it's funny how you're really going behind her back and going to other girls.
Starting #50shadesofgrey tonight. I'm nervous!
Check out the event we are hosting to cure those curious minds! All details are posted on our Outward Bound Denver FB Page! Check it out!
RT : B&N & Microsoft team up.... Barnes & Noble, which analysts believe needs deeper financial pockets and a global......
So hungry can't wait for this summer have a feeling it's gonna be pretty awesome oh and thanks for the follows all of you amazing ppl
There sure is A LOT of spam here in Twitter huh? Oh well time to go clean out my spam followers.
I hate rushing and being late more than anything. It stresses me out.
Now that looked like a $78 million toss.
Trying to convince friends to hit up Nature Research Center grand opening in Raleigh 2night. Because I am 9. And an undercover scientist.
My body is like breakfast, lunch, and dinner
tell to stop picking fights .. She is an instigator.
Doing all my hw today. Fun......... I lov distractions :) #
Anyone in need of a background vocalist for a tour. Im ready now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#stm2012 In biological sciences, it is harder to get at truth in part because peer-review cannot eliminate the errors
why thank you so much! Congrats, you're the first to wish me one!!!!! :)) <3
and don't u see it being incredibly cumbersome for poker sites and players alike, not to mention some segregation of player pools
Children who's bio-mom abandoned you, remember, you can't change who your parent is, but, you can break the cycle when you have children
I will help support your English-first plan!
no you do not need to interview before.
Absolutely perfect day for a picnic! Swing by for your rations!
I have to put cocoa butter on my bite wounds & I can't put it on without thinking of ' impression of Aaron Neville
is it possible that the Milwaukee Bucks can trade for Amare Stoudamire?
go to sleep; good night ;)
"Say hello to my little friend!"
No matter how you try to protect your children. They will eventually get hurt and you will hurt in the process!
amazing at worlds!
Downey & Cumberbatch are the ying and yang (or is that yang & ying?) of Sherlock. I, being an integrated personality, love them both. :P
But if that's your only chance to kick a lil' white girl with a pink helmet, who am I to stand in the way?
With family seeing kyle before he leaves tomorrow :(
I like Shark Tank and Dragon's Den. Yesterday, I watched a little bit of 'The Pitch' on AMC, seems pretty interesting! And u?
So far the best season finale this past week goes to Vampire Diaries and Supernatural... Let's see what Glee has to offer tomorrow!! :D
i try to imagine your laying right next to me buts its not the same cuz i cant feel you there holding me.
Driving around LA running errands listening to French Lessons on CD. :) Parlais vou Francaise?
#NowWatching What Happens In Vegas
ISO: Nice librarian lady for the sharing of the living space for Annual.
Thanks you! Enjoy your trip and hopefully you can catch the video of online later.
“: Just saw a woman with her boob out breastfeeding in a smiths parking lot. #smh at least use a blanket...”
Pinterest is the new "Lawyers' Delight" - you're absolutely right!
Ace Parking is a company but ultimately we are a family. Without the support of each other we can't be great.
CAN-SPAM Tip 3: maintain 1 master database throughout your company. If someone unsubscribes from one list, they must not get another email.
I wanna go to the cornyval ! ^.<
HOME SWEET HOME!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
dont get why the jump and all but ill wait to see where it goes.
Yes!! This is when I think I need an agent.
It's going to be a long night.
Quick show of hands: How many people are a little sad there was no snow this morning?
Well said! RT : Shout out to my #hawkeyes for a good season. Next year we dance too.
Who do you have to fuck to be the coach on MTV Made "I want to be a ladies man"
Oy, it's been a rollercoaster, but it looks like DS is GWU-bound. He wants DC no matter what, and Georgetown said no (sob).
I think I have perfected the art of cooking Pizza Rolls in the microwave.
Rt if you'd help me tomorrow to convince my mom to get tickets for 's concert in NYC by tweeting #MomLetEmilyGoSeeAustin?!!(:
RT I need to find a photographer in ATL
That would be correct RT : Are guys that retweet Trey Songz gay? =\
I'm not totally sure, I'll be able to answer that by the end of summer. I'm good with numbers and computers.
A FUCK nigga that's that shit I don't like.
As mentioned in my presentation at #PaymentsSummit, expect behavioral changes. Things will be much different 18-24 months from now!
Playin in 2k he one the first game by 19 but im win dis game
Good day, bad day: April 30, 2012
come on, we all knew you'd run for it eventually anyway!
Watching #FantasyFactory and the songs creates are brilliant!
OMGG we should go to Milkshake city & get like our own milkshakes named after uss. ok. my life's plan xD
that's our motto. we've been at Mimosa Sunday Brunch since Friday
Ol' mine.
How did lightning not strike him dead? RT : Giuliani: "I think using 9/11 as a source of negative campaigning was a mistake."
“: This boy just RTd something I tweeted 3 days ago” thirsty
Third Way Latest: Third Way Salutes President Obama's announcement of support for marriage for gay & lesbian cou... /fyis/2077
I am a Bat at the Flea. Why? What's up?
Burning both ends of the candle (and everything in between LOL). No, I wouldn't have it any other way! EN FUEGO.
Respect is the ultimate currency
Good shit bro<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> RT : NU next year ! Let's go
It's really expensive :p But I was talking to my parents this morning and they said that I might be going :) SCORE. hehe
thats what I like to hear! Burgatory is reason enough to visit pgh.
indeed! I kinda had a feeling it would come to this, so I registered for a poly-sci course next quarter! lets see how that goes
“: Mustn't post to before coffee kicks in...” -- This made my morning. +1
Truffle Parmesan Popcorn on the HH menu
Questioning tip: If they say, "I'll be back in touch", ask when a good time will be to call them if you have not heard from them yet.
The young lady seems like a perfectly nice person. She's getting her award. What's he doing up there? He's a jackass. RT
Without Facebook, how would I know that my aunt likes Target? *facepalm*
I'z forgot my tumblr... :'c
Its the REGULAR SEASON. Playoff intensity picks up. Indy deep too
Lots of show coming up!!! Take a gander at the schedule!!!! I have pre-sale tickets for Peace Though Music Fest, Miami Valley Music...
Getting some cocktail shrimp in the 1933 lounge; love this place :)
Hope you have had the chance to check us out man!
lol yeahh! :D all like walk up to them and go "marry me! I love you!" XD
so girl come on you've got it wrong
THANK YOU! You are a kind person and the world needs more like you!
Who did that to you????? xoxoxoxo
Care to submit a project to us for cutom making your own porn using #crowdfunding? We are the hottest thing in the porn industry.
An AMAZING performance by and !
Made a Costco trip today. Is this what being a grown-up feels like? If, so, I don't like it one bit.
6 pounds dropped!!!! 10 more to go :-)
RT “: I think that it's symbolic that it's a problematic hashtag. #alt #altac #mla12 #s595” Agreed!
Now I must find out what went down in Onslow County as I slept last night. Let's see who was behaving badly...
Are you kidding? Does he have any more info? Neighbors were telling me they thought city inspectors were around today. I doubt that.
I had big plans to get things done today on my day off and right now Its a slow start.
Lovely bday dinner last night!!
I love Roy Hibbert's body language and court demeanor.
I was planning to come to your place. Can I bring beer? RT : MNF twits,where's everyone watching it?
RT T4: Is there a point where new technology implementation will level off, allowing us to reap the rewards of the modern system?
Scientists have yet to explain how 300 people can be working at a Wal-Mart but only 4 registers will be open.
I:go on then A: well, a few months ago, i met this wounderful girl, she's a fan, and wow we've got to know each other so well (c)
tis true. Oh how I do love mlb.tv
Poised Creation is now building our network of non-profit charity organizations to work alongside.
YAY (yea isn't good enough)
between a rock & a hard place...
do not ignore me. I would like you to tell me you love me as much as I love you
's redneck word of the day is snot. Used in a sentence- Snot that bad, it could be worse!
If happy ever after did exist, I wish to be holding you like this.
RT I predict that in ten years, all companies will have or want an ontologist on staff.
The Korean Rice Bowl special is scheduled next for Nov. 17-23
Endtroducing DJ Shadow blowing my mind again like it did 15 years ago. It's easy to forget.
Who is your favorite President ?
I kiddingly asked my little brother if he wanted to be my Valentine....he looked at me and said "thats sad" so seriously haha little bastard
I swear i thought dis girl on da train was jabriah but she dnt look like a nigga
Learn who your prospects are and cater your content to them.
-Doc Rivers: "With our ball pressure, we know we're going to get beat off the dribble at times. The only guy that can't get beat is the help
so, sportsworld has 2 of the most heralded icons garnering headlines past few days
I guess, but this just bothers me for some reason lol RT : i'll give em a pass. Thats that queensbridge love.
lmao I'm Bored
Did you just send me a text? Because I didn't get it.
John Laurinaitis: "I am going to give you what I want!"
You're welcome! It's been okay here, just a little busy. I hope the launch party is a big success! :)
See gents, all it takes is a nice little run and the Garden will awaken
“: It's been so long since someone picked me up and spun ME around without worrying that's how I go the job... #MadMen” / Oh, Ida
Looking for "Greenminded" followers. We will have updates on new, products and other "Green" info
Love that Kimi is trending!
The hardest part about starting our business was finding venues who liked good music!
He's no Kevin Correia.
sorry, Diamond Club, I'm really slumming it today.
Okay okay ... Cool story dude.
Bolton you wankers! Play well and stay up! They're one of the teams that have been in the premiership since i started following football!
Stop exposing me... -____-
Go to Albuquerque and play at Sandia casino.
#Earthquake hit peru buildings shake 350 miles (600 km) away in capital
There were so many black people!!
Its time for and The Girl is first on my schedule...
<U+2661> Happy Mother's Day to you too :-) hope it's a good day for you. Tell your mom I said it too! <U+2661>
Finally it happened
definitely. I assume this is just a temporary productivity hack. must get many customers from Twitter.
how soon is soon?
I'm rootimg for whichever U.S. Open women's player isn't faking an orgasm on every shot.
We are headed to the Chicago Half Marathon Expo this weekend. Will you be there?! Please stop by our booth and say hello!
Finally getting around to watching "Outbreak." Baby steps, people. Baby steps.
Social Network wins Best Editing. They did a great job keeping all those hoodies in the shot.
This doesn't give you the right to act a fool at times. You know better so do better. Simple as that.
That was an amazing 1st OT!!
Alotta peoples eyes are wide shut
Wheels when you want them? That's our game plan. DM us for a membership deal- we can help!
"Are the Europeans so deluded they truly think there is a way out of this? Do they really think that printing Euros will bring growth"
S/O to my new follower
Boy stop!!!
Newman recommends the Youngstown Center for Working Class Studies
dam c chek me out got much love for you
Or illiquidity, as it were.
I really don't feel like being here. 2 ready to make a quick 180 to the door
#theraid look like it's going to be decent..
Sorry. Wasnt referring to name of prop, but value passed. Not a big deal. No worries.
RIP Whitney Houston.
I can't fall asleep either
thanks for following! You have such an interesting platform. Looking forward to connecting!
Im Rollin Im Rollin Im Rollin .. I love your Mix tape and I Freakin love You <3 ; )
Ahh! I wanted to go to that!!
- Someone was trying to break into a home in Detroit, resident had a gun & was fed up...popped the intruder 3 times.
The end of this blues sharks game is insane.
At hospital with Tina for gluecose test for 3 hours!
I WAS PLAYIN WITH U.......LOL
You a real bitch come fuck with a real nigga.
i have never missed my dad this much in my life
he is a cutie. And max seems to fit. Looks like im goin to NC to see if I can work on Iron Man 3. Wish me luck I miss set work
... Haha :) Totally loved it... ha! You can throw me those set ups anytime ;-)
I cant tell if the guy next to me is trying to fart, or holding one in.
On sportscenter highlights of LSU @ Alabama hoops, huge cheer from Bama crowd when LSU walks ball across half court. Hahaha I love sports
Why is it that on beautiful days, I’m always working and on days I don’t work, it’s cold and rainy?
beautiful day in the city! Is it Queen's Day?
The helicopter has landed
I'm going to be lucky to stay vertical today. Better schedule a nap for this afternoon, or I'll be in trouble later tonight.
Happy Cyber Monday! Groupons make great gifts (wink wink)
Try again vallia
This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 9172746774 or 2126965233
I'd like to run over the word with my bike.
you damn right
Great win Ohio Bobcats!!!
...who actually cares about what phone you have on instagram? Hint: not me
Brain/lunch break: The View is on - watching hot topics - back to work @ 11:30
Shout me out. Mention me. Ill doo the same if you do it for me. (;
Learning much more about why a Carmel Valley woman was arrested for her 4-year-old son's death. The troubling court appearance on News8
You too! =D
"corporate accounts payable, this is Mina speaking... just a moment...."
What kind/amazing/wonderful soul wants 2 hook me up w/ tix to Nick Offerman aka at tonight? ??
way too many dirty tricks played by GOP ovr the years to tweet, dating back to McGovern campaign
with all due respect, how could Juan St. not be higher priority than Sept. 2013? Horrible street.
Yesterday I was holding my sister at dinner and this boy walked by and said happy mothers day O_o. People always assuming.
now that's a tuxedo!!! Bravo!
hahahahahah I love it! That song reminds me of Rebecca Black
Why didn't someone sell me on the iPhone sooner???
Laughable RT : Its A female in my.mentions Talkin bout she can think like A man
So... happy b-day 2 former Wizard Calvin Booth, along w Breckin Meyer, who is "Franklin" of "Franklin & Bash" (& 2 yrs older than Booth)
Wish I could come up with something funny to say about an unwed single teenage mother being against gay marriage cos kids need mom AND dad.
Thanks for the follow! Following you back! HA!
Everyone else will be going to Hedo Saturday. I will be at SlutWalk DC Sat. Hedo on Sunday... when r u going?
Next year will be better cause #MileyIsComingBackBitches ;)
sure did! When is,black sesame coming back?
I wish I could skype with one day <U+2665>
I got a habit of calling everyone 'Honey' because I usually can't remember their names.
Without a doubt, you're all I dream about.
Well concluding my early school leave, the officer basically just wanted our ID# and name, and didn't want us to get hurt or in trouble..LOL
The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
Let go Lakers, championship bound w/the fearless leader Kobe Bryant.
Just opened a bulk mail from that begins "As a veteran, you have unique needs." Mailing list mix up, I guess.
uh oh
thanks to everyone that helped make this show possible! #watts #coinops #yucky we had the best time!
Guys Who Know What They Want.
Thank you!
Developing a healthy relationship with God requires a healthy meal plan...meditation, consecration, application...watch the results!
specifically is was the light & panel over the door of the car. Not sure exactly the problem was.
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is on!
lust left lame open mic...at the pub now...music sounds well enough but they just finished set...anyone @ s. sun? if u r dm me.
Elizabeth Taylor was a stone cold fox. That is all.
YES! I love that story!
My phone just autocorrected KU to kU.....even my iPhone knows Kansas sucks
Pulling out gum at school is like pulling out crack at a rehab center.
At #attdevelopersummit hackathon? Remember to sign up for an account and email to get your I <3 APIs t-shirt. :)
So sleepy ^_^
Thank you!
Gum be gone, so it was said, so I made it happen, and the customers smiled as they happily entered a safe, clean, inviting store.
Just visited in NYC. Very very cool space. Love what those guys are doing !
58° and sunny for ! Perfect weather for a Currach row - especially when it's on a float!
#ThirstyThursday May 17th $1 Beers & Dogs - Great Music with DaveMay & SouthernFried right after the game!
": 1975.......that is all" How do u explain Crosby spooning Malkin? With Bylsma filming it?
in excited now :)) yayyyy
Definitely taking advantage of my companion flight benefits this summer. get ready for
Lol probably ;) Too busy thinking of me downloading his new song ;) haha :')
so excited to get the sneak peak and help out with the collection!!!! #wine or #champagne lol!.xo
Listening to The White Stripes & cleaning my apartment.
I accidentally got original life cereal instead of cinnamon life. Ill never forgive myself.
#edu11 emerging tech up at night - how should IT org change in response to emerging technologies?
Thibs looks like he wants to get on the court
You guys are twins!?!
It's Global Domination Baby! www.coldwarclambake.com
I only made it about 20 pages, so I'm impressed. Life's too short for books you aren't enjoying.
yah,I can do that. :)
kk y'all pic time over but i just love those four boys so much :D not even playing bout it
Good morning!!! Have a marvelous Monday. Every morning brings new mercies!!! Be grateful and don't let any stupids get to you :-)
dummmbbbbb! ;) have fun though!!!
Is Jesse Ventura on twitter? I'd love to follow him! Pitching tents in a park being more important than first amendment. LOL
Stay out of trouble !!!
Best wishes on this holiday!
anything for you Ryan!
"I wasn't there to built a government. I was there to kill the Taliban"
i hate jada
Did you know Louie also won a DGA? ..Had a chance to (finally) meet Louie Psihoyos yesterday & thank him for making the film.
lukelibrarian: can u xplain? one's "disrespectfl/unprof behavior" may b another's "prof responsibility/free spe ...
My mother is not on twitter. Not is my step mother. They might not even understand what twitter is. I'm not sure I do. Happy Mother's day.
Hi hi tm here follow me mwa
Quote of the day from a Gay Republican: "Clusterf*ck could also be defined as a relationship between one man and one woman" LOL
you should have on transplants one week soon. He keeps bringing it.
hm... in some ways this article paints a pic only partially accurate, not taking into account the cuts happening.
I can't win. Steam from my lunch burned the index finger of my left hand - the one that clicks the mouse!
Guess what. I'M JUNIOR PROM PRINCE!
Yay! Tyler and Teen Wolf just wrapped. Congratulations to my beautiful son and the entire cast and crew! So proud of !
Yes ... yes ... excellent ... *sits back in chair; pets fluffy white cat*
Peeking at my followers I see our dear friend is now checking us out. I best watch how I say what I say... ;-)
RT : we're looking for blind iPhone users for a short, remote, paid study ($10 for ~30 mins)--reply (or DM) if interested
touché, my friend.
On set with the cast and crew of My feet are sore.
How did you not know that? Haha. They announced it months ago!
I'm talking about the article about Paleo diets. He is clueless. I don't have enough characters to craft a full response here.
enhance your life and your business by befriending fear and having it work for you
I am a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down. -Abraham Lincoln
yea i understood it! i was like whoa xD i guess my spanish classes are working! haha (but my gramatics are iffy lol)
Sweet merciful awesome. Just don't get cocky boys.
I'll say it again. The Sox need to trade Youk for bullpen help and a prospect and give Middlebrooks a call. Can't hurt.
75% of Americans research symptoms online before going to doctor
Can I just say how honored I am, that people find me worthy of following, and I'll try not to disappoint you
My school is under lockdown(: rock on \m/
prepare for cardinal nation domination
CNG at it again on Wed 11/16/11 at Buffalo Cantina in Fort Worth just south of the airport! Hope to see you out! 7-10P
Coming to the ATL soon? Hope so. Have a Wonderful Holiday Season ~ <3frGA !
Now in Louisiana! Yay! Home of Zatarans, Jazz music, Cafe du Monde, Marks birthplace and extended family we love so much!
Mad Men is super pervy, just like Matt Weiner looks.
Celebrating our First Easter Service come out and join is @ 10:00 am! See you soon! He Has Risen!
agreed to free agency contract with the Vikings
Tell Hilly that Edward plays the amplifiers as much as the guitar; harmonics @ those volumes are like wrestling w/ tigers.
#40days i'm very exited :D are you exitted?
"Puts phone down byside" THIS NIGGA GOT A FLIP PHONE Y'ALL!!
I get to listen to it all. Feel it. It's beautiful. Rest assured your deeds don't go unnoticed. I notice.
I must be a bad tweeter: I just lost 2 followers. I wonder if they were the people with the nude profile pics I didn't follow...
Also, ranked lists. MT I hate star ratings, grades & aggregate scores. Turns art into sci w/o room for nuanced responses.
I dare Les Miles to punt it here.
Is it kickin' in?
I'm sure they will be b/c instapix isn't cheap, but so worth it :)
stupidity is a choice no one has to be without knowledge.
Jut announced Heavy Sole playing stpp fest in Washington dc oct 8!!
she should watch the movie 127 hours. Just saw it last nt. Reminds me of her.
I am reading The Serpents Shadow by I am loving it so far! So suspenseful!
record is great also the new is awesome
Thanks! Good seeing you too! :)
We appreciate our volunteers every day, but today: we're feeding them lunch! Join us in saying "thanks!"
#ChristmasIsAboutJESUSnotSANTA but I'm sure Jesus and Santa chill with with each other and play rugby
Right now It's happy hour at the bowling alley & the bartender said I couldn't pre-pay for my drinks for the night #ThingsThatMakeMeSad :(
It's so hot today !
Thanks for the heads up :-)
Can't wait till the VMA's
Is it just me or did this weekend fly by?
i wonder if would RT this?
#traffic. This is one of the reasons I hate the frigging mornings. Seriously a drive that takes 15 min at night now take 45...WTF?
Christina Aguilera, we know you can sing, but are all the runs really necessary? Just sing the damn song!
“: Alright Cihasky. Game face on. You got this. Now kick some Cancer ass tonight!”---thx hon!!!
Special thanks to NYU for letting us host a panel discussion during welcome week!
Best part of mcas: no homework <U+E00E>
RT : Great list! RT : 7 reasons why the new Articulate Storyline is a Game-Changer for #eLearning and
Happy pub day, ! I'm so excited to pick up my copy of INSURGENT after work!
Due to recent budget cuts, the light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off.
Miss Guyana World in NY awaiting visa as pageant begins in London!
fabulous. Tell him to look me up!
Did you all see on Idol last night? SO cute... I loved them! Such talented little men. -Britney
Alright, that's enough of me clogging up your timelines <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Baking bread and chocolate chip cookies. Rocking out as well :) Damn Im cool ;D
"Okay, calm down. Breathe." *quick exhale* "No, don't just EXHALE, BREATHE. IN, OUT." Lol anxiety.
LoL! That's funnier than the joke!!!! HAHAHAHAHA
Mumford and sons banjoing with bob Dylan- dolly parton "tribute"- gwyneth and muppets c-lodressed like elton john- kind of insane Grammys!
I just recently backed up as well, it was scary losing all the data, pictures, memories, notes you've collected over the years.
Much needed bike ride to the beach. Next time I will take a swim, how I miss the cool breeze in the a.m.
IF I could upload gifs, I'd have one available for this...
what's up?
More good advice from Don't get too attached to people who aren't working out. Don't let them poison the atmosphere
The ugly mug was a great time. Great stage, sound and lights. Looking forward to tons of great shows up there. (via )
Congrats Justin <3 we love you so much.
we all know just ask!
Last title in the alcohol, civilization and yeast, "The Unsolved Mysteries of the People of the Yeast"
No I'm gonna queer activist all over your mentions
YUM!!!RT : RT : We are now scooping Luna and Larry's vegan ice-cream in our store! With vegan cones too!!! Please RT
chris can u please follow me! im thank u love u
I have no clue Mr. Hockley, but just know, Rose is 17... I am her age... -_-
I swear my life is bipolar
Ah, indeed. Thnx for clarifying! Sorry for misattribution, !
Saw Rocky II last night... that movie is epic.
hate when parents try to get over... and you can't say shit cause of all the other shit they did for you, which they will always bring up
Great to have you there! Did you have a good time?
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear D-Lew on the prowl
": Paid homage to my mom and dad today Great commencement at a great institution."
you already know. Night
that's a really movie classic
No apologies. Tank was on E. Great fun season, especially for any Cooke fan. Let's pray he gets re-signed.
I'm at TNA LOCKDOWN PAY PER VIEW and I'm BORED to death. Rather be at a @ WWE event then this crap
Hate the "Butthole" kick my 2 year old is on!!! She says it after everything!
Glad you enjoyed! “: First time and had a great time with an old friend. Awesome spot....”
okay let's meet up somewhere on Wednesday :)
free tickets to some museum. should i go?
drinking i dont know further more i will let you know when i know
" Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard." ~~H. L. Mencken
When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares.
I am so in love with you!!!!
Hey photographer for all of your print needs check out our sponsors AdoramaPix
Just polished my shoes and they're already scuffed
What Month?!!!
great! So glad we get to see & again on tv. Plus Trinity? Cool!
My Mom beat Cancer and has to take harsh drugs to cope with not be intrested in eating the Doc says no Med pot in FL. WTF
RIP Dick Clark!! Thanks for so many years!
STEELERS! :D
I see your weekend was about as productive as mine...
Its crazy but true. <3
Planning the business trip to Portland OR...Anyone have suggestions of places to eat/see on my first time to the Beaver State?
#shoutout to my newest follower !!!
I'm officially done with people! I'm tired of being the nice guy when all anyone does is put me down.. #done!
I'm getting jerk chicken tomorrow man.!!
thank u :)
STARTING NEW CINEMA MOVEMENT FEATURING PEOPLE WHO DON'T WALK GOOD WILL BE CALLED *STUMBLECORE*
Thanks for the #FF to and !!
Oh, that sounds like fun! Did you all have a good time?
thanx bby nd call me when u have time
Thanks for the RT :-)
RT WTF is up with #trump 's receptionist on #celebrityapprentice. .... All she does is #doodle lol.
did you watch the last Mad Men? What did you think of Dawn? And Peggy's interaction with her?
1 in the morning & I woke up everyone in my house due to violent shouting/screaming/sobbing. Just another TVD finale guys, don't mind me.
Damn, I logged in to late this morning!
Thanks for the #FF love!
At the poetry comp. #PYPM ! :D
What the hell do I spend so much money on -________- so mad right now.
I wish didn't have a vagina so hed come drink
I can make calls right and left handed.
Most definitely!
yes. working on all specifics so there is NO confusion. stand by.
Yes, I almost flushed my cell phone down the toilet at the Phoenix airport
I am loving #JPH but typical me forgot my phone... tweet me when your on your way back to campus por favor!
off for a full on wills shower now brb babes x
“ Y'all acting like the Heat ain't gone win the championship nigga we gone beat all y'all bull shitty teams”
Ephesians 5:19 Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord; (KJV)
It's only human to express how you really feel. But that same humanity is my Achilles heel.
you were so mad about that cake lol
Thanks so much for the follow :)
This little piggy went to the market, this little piggy stayed home & I just murdered the piggy that goes "wee" on the Geico ads
The road to truth is long, and lined the entire way with annoying bastards
definitely! i'll write you.
?? RT : You should be good to go within the hour. ;-) ^SM
Ha! I know the feeling! ; )
If I die today remember me like Perfect Cell...
Looking forward to pouring over the All Access Duke Basketball Practice with Mike Krzyzewski. Five hours of wisdom.
We just had a litter of Marrema pups, sired by the greatest LGD that ever lived. We have 2 that aren't spoken for.
This attitude is cause of you , thas why idgaf . You wit someone else
yawn* bored
that's probably not good for your hair.
Thanks for the follow as well! Check it out on facebook or tumblr when you get the chance! somewhereanywhereelse.tumblr.com
Can this week get any worse for the
My first response: crocodile man! (not really the answer you were looking for ;)
I'm going to have a bad hair day tomorrow...
Happy may ! Darl`n try the navy pier, think you would like it !
I am reading "The Mysterious Benedict Society" on this #fridayreads. Happy Friday everyone!
I WILL UNTIL.....I WILL UNTIL...... I WILL ________________UNTIL I acheive________________
tx and looking forward! RT You are invited to "Moms Who Rock" happy hour in NYC...
Pushing it with
Thank you very much! It's gorgeous this morning! :-)
“: Dear grades, get well soon”
WE ARE GOING TO MISS THEM BRACES!!! :) <333
would love to meet you guys, fellow denverite. Let me know if you'd like to grab a cold one.
The good thing about Santorum continuing to win delegates is that now I have a fancy map of all of the places I'm never going to visit.
I think we should :D
or sorry you form your own opinion on music? ahah so dumb
i want us to play another show together just so that we can get pickles. and whiskey. though maybe not together.
Don't you just LOVE ?! What did you order?
Was it crispy? Franks's chocolate covered bacon is often floppy, Big Top's (on South congress) is crispy goodness.
In "class", we gripe that we didn't have time to check site #webcred. But his design arg. is that ppl decide in first 3 secs.
Good Morning My Ninja!
Lord, Thank you for a sound mind. Help us to think good thoughts, speak positive words, and do what's right.
what grade is he in?
Than you for your website & recipes! RT : thanks for the lovely post!
I trusted you.... Stupid me.
its you...
there is a painting of Priaire Chickens on her wall... this has to be a good sign.
RT : How do you prepare before a game to help set the pace during the first quarter?
same shit on this side ..!
: I'm so excited to be seeing the #BeachBoys on Friday, but I'm dying to know if you'll be joining them!
Last Wed. it was 84, today high of MAYBE 44. #BRRRR! Wind chill even colder says
Hollywood could do with a touch of class.
We just passed a store called "Butt Boosting Jeans." I think they use that instead of a "Welcome to the Bronx" sign.
1 in every 3 US families owns 1 or more
Had a great time hearing about yesterday and their vision for a greener and more sustainable Charlottesville. Fun project.
Good morning sexy...how yo day going?
Coffe shop knows me by name
Sometimes you gotta just let life inspire your art... doing some living today, and it feels darn good!
"CANDY ONIONS, GRAPES FROM OUR OWN VINE, PEARS FROM OUR OWN TREE, RADISHES, AND CARROTS, HANDSEWN APRONS FOR CHILDREN, JAMS AND JELLIES."
Its goin down
Stay tuned for new items from Twist Out Cancer coming out in May!
Switch up!
Words will be just words till you bring them to life
Bloodbath - The Wacken Carnage DVD
At the Giants game with my brothers!
RT Anyone looking for a GA ticket to tonight's show In San Francisco? I have one available. Please RT!!
Oh, Jon. I think that you'll live a very long time. At least for 11 more years.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! Have a safe and wonderful day !
Who wants to grab a drink? I need about 20....
Hey HB! Have a great weekend!
Hope you have a happy holidays Tay
What's on the menu this weekend for the #superbowl? Let us know and we'll tell you how to make it #healthier (but still just as delicious)!
NP. Not happy with this season. Not just PHX series.
Real women don't need perfume anyway.
Wanna hear us with out commercials give you the 411 in 4 minutes
thanks :D
i wanna go lay out again, but its too hot!
same with you :)
XBOX SUCKS!!!! Fix the server!
Legendary Jazz Violinist Michael White has a new mobile site with his band Michael White Quintet.
I'm not perfect (:
you probably are either a mentalist or a Canadian and don't realize it.
Good question: regionalism now in vogue in television
awww...... well i need to get a new job..... and i miss tweeting you also /;0
Braun has been batting without anyone on in front of him for most of the year. This is a problem.
I'm talking in general, it was something I never did. Just bought some this week...feeling the difference already
“Productivity tip: Do everything faster" ;)
lol, that's too funny....but hey marketing worked, got u there
i just tried to hang up on somebody all dignified and such, and my end button took forever to respond. lmao womp.
why so angry. It's so easy to block?
We're Not Worthy....We're Not Worthy
": Thanks so much for coming out to the show last night!!! So thankful for such supportive friends" I hope it went well!
#Nashville rescued Jonathan Jackson from Elizabeth Webber and Connie Britton from Ryan Murphy.
.capture the flag? Yeeah.
We did it for the art of #hiphop cuz we love making #music!
that's how i do it ;)
the poster was on "perpetual beta" processing: feedback + iteration
Tiger Woods needs better pr handlers...and from the looks of it, a good divorce attorney
cm Acinic cell carcinoma? 1005# you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP address. Please wait 24 hours.
Tune in today 6:30pm. I will be a featured guest on The Cafe Kafe with Kenny Pugh, The Conversationalist & Comedian C. Davis on LOVE 860 AM!
a lot of fur coats in the ballet house tonight.
thanks for that ;)
Same here. Eff wind!
Except my allergies are killing me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Whoa I need to get on my voting for the MLB All-Star Game... I gotta make sure CarGo gets there haha
The suburbs always seemed to be about chasing an ideal that doesn't exist.
So much notes !!!
that'll be the 20th time you eat food today!
Promotion is on Monday ^.^
At the Globe Trotters for the first time. I cant stop laughin.lol
Court wish me luck
Russians love me on Google+
Good morning! Looking forward to #wedding of
thats what i'm saying
#LakersFans are ghetto.
Rickie Fowler stands out like a guy in an orange prison jumpsuit while 1,000s celebrate Mom's Day & breast cancer awareness in pink.
Helping Indiana personal injury law firm redesign existing law firm site.
I'd like to think that creating conversation and discussion was the point. Might be giving them too much credit...
Why does have to be so damn hot? Might be num 0 but def a 10 ooowweeeee! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> Still love my Tigers!
Another sweet spot: eportfolios for students. Start with one teacher. Joyce Valenza
you have the same last name as my friend... ARE YOU RELATED?o.O :O Omfg!:D
it's never to late:)
GAB: There will be a day shift working on Saturday. No work Sunday. Two shifts again Monday, and until scanning is complete.
Stay safe, Friends! We'll catch up with you in 2012!!!
Go ahead baby girl. Happy BD!
Glad to hear that the FCC wants nationwide broadband. Too bad the US isn't the pioneer of this great idea.
best night eveeeehr
hi...u forgot about me again
Pros have it made. Courses are overdoing that to get them to play out of there. Norman's Medalist, Seminole, Bear's Club here
why you tweeting about & i? -.- lol
MCA is deeply missed!!!!
Working for #House trying to find a cure for 's shrunken child . No more mixing wine with #idiotabroad!
Haha--Thanks buddy...It's supposed to say Sunday...
Going through wedding photos is making me a little weepy. My family is so awesome and I wish they all lived here!
I got a nice tan during our chat! Lots of compliments at the show for my glow. Well maybe one.
Sorry! It is automated. I am not sure how to make exceptions ;(
since you homeschooled....do you still take TAKS?(:
Obsessed with Mencia! Just tasted the 2010 Vina do Burato from D. Ventura in Ribeira Sacra. Truly stellar.
Move pass somebody not being your friend
I'm not sure if I like the Ruby Jane song a lot or not at all. More listenings required. Then I think it'll win me over.
I hate the "idea" of the remake more than the actual remake.
I love Anita Blake. :)
. The Expendables is to guys what What to Expect is to women comparison in that review is depressingly narrow.
I lost your number
Quick turnaround – The tee hive will produce your order so fast you will be amazed. It will be shipped within 2-3 business days.
- Deep dynasty league, who has more value Ryan Mallet or John Skelton?
It sure is a cold Monday morning here in #Clev RT I really should've worn gloves this mornin
RT ": BBMS HUMPDAY HOTLINE: What do your friends do around your significant other that pisses you off?"
Lmao r u watching ABDC too!! So am i!
#glee in 1 hour and 15 min!!!!!
"I'd rather slap your face with a piece of Kung Pao Chicken" - The Rock lol
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car.
Death on two legs - Queen
congrats!! let the celebration begin!
yes i love it so much!!! who do you want to win?
Damn tomorrow Friday <U+E40D>
short white ones
screw u hahaha. But thanks! When's ur next show??????
Gonna be a good day tomorrow. #ANightinHollywoodLive firework show shopping tomorrow! So much to do!!!
re: Heslip..good breakdown..really work the physics w/ my players regarding transferring force from floor up thru body to ball.
I knew it!
Time for Insanity with the sisters
My tan looks good but I don't sound good. Left my voice in South Beach!
I am bored. Give me a band to do social media for. Must have a lot of content (music, vids, pics, bio, etc...)
Ugh, that was stressful, but all is well in the end...sic 'em Bears!
hey got a new guitar for my birthday!!!:)) jut thought I would tell u
Our High Knoll Therapeutic Program fb is slowly gaining momentum. Be on the lookout for continual education, workshops and summer camps comi
We will be opening our first retail location in Pittsburgh at the Pittsburgh Mills Mall in Feb 2012.
Additional Touring and Training sessions will take place in 1-10 July and December 2011
Thanks for following. We appreciate it.
Woops...I saw the nat gas leak on their CAD earlier in the day...And just had a gut feeling on it...But never got back to it.
Beliebers are so weird sometimes..
Something I've never said b4..I don't think I ate enough food yesterday. Tank felt a little empty this morning. 11.5 miles.
No iPod you cannot autocorrect eggrolls for rhythmic
Haha yeah they are without Davis, Shumpert and Linsanity. And LeBron had good D on him but Melo was still going off
Climax is getting played out.
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :) xx
tryin' to stay positive
Thank you it's always a pleasure seeing you in action! You are San Franciscan's life line. Look forward to you being Mayor!
Ah, those were the days.
Thank you, Saif. Far too kind! Let's do it again soon! Forward-thinking #leadership is what we need; consider ME the one #inspired!
that's word bu! Love u chicka! Can't wait for u to come down. A few more weeks!!!
nothing! Ha ha I just gotta do this paper that's why :p
What's a #hodag?
I think in 2013 I'm going to plan a trip to Europe for a month. First I have to plan to win the lottery though.
are there any poker tournaments ?
I sure hope the weather is like this next Saturday when I shoot this wedding
Thanks a lot!! You see me trying to match your shutterbug prowess, too? The more I do, the more I know I can't come close. :)
So I figured I'd tweet about that. Because that's what ya do on Twitter, isn't it.
I need new people to text
appreciate bruh. Yo freestyle game sick!
The Band Perry<3
She doesn't get it, it's all before she was born.
Dieing. THE ICONic BOYZ ARE GOING TO BE ON THE VMA'S. LIKE OMFG. :D
It's a bitter sweet thing to be a sweet person
I got concerned when you screamed & popped a wheelie like Chuck Norris in Delta Force.
Check out the new post - . Oprah scares me.
icu pulling jokes.. keep it up, i'll literally be pulling your leg.
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete. - Via the Funny Facts Free app -
This isn't the rule at your graduation is it? If so I'll have to re-pack.
Nothing Can Ease Emotional Pain Except Time.
Great times with the other night.. awesome dudes!
Thnx!! :) : Thank you for my big curly hair at last nights game! Y'all are the best!!!!
but keep the iPads local. they don't go home. the % of hackers is going to explode in the next couple of decades.
So proud of you niall <3
is there any way we could land rondo! I would rather have kept miller than pick up spencer... Never felt good about the move
Nobody miss you he flexin lolRT : aye you need to link with either or niggas miss you
followed :) srry for the late reply
If your going to make someone fall for you , the least you can do is catch them
SEAN MARSHALL IS THE WORST CLOSER I'VE EVER SEEN IN MY WHOLE LIFE I HATE HIM SO MUCH SEND HIM TO A.
Follow our manager ! He takes badass photos!
all this is for what game?lol
Dr. Generic Emergency Department.
to early here to be up. right on schedule in london wahh
Then I'll take a sports car. How about a dance? That's what I really wanted.
Super true. RT Frisbees can make fun happen. anywhere.
A leader is a dealer in hope. Napoleon Bonaparte
Presner: The seduction of Google Earth is the Apollonian view, not a natural way of seeing, but it has become normalized
u kno what I mean
I just earned "major brownie points" by finding a 2008 audio recording of Persepolis, published by Recording for the Blind & Dyslexic 2/2
What kind of small camera do you have? Or what do you think is the best? I need a new one with a long zoom for Hangout Fest..
Seriously why do some people act like they drank the special kool-aid when they get in a relationship? U does not equal WE!
People talk about helping tje middle class, what about use the low class...
Dreamy voice, dreamy man. ;) #TheVoiceAU goo Chris!
would love to chat when you get a chance -
I have gotten no fewer than 7,834 telemarketer calls so far today. What gives?
Happy Monday! Welcome to a new week! Follow for all the top stories today!
Haha!! God damn right!! Sturm beat him easy!! Even Hopkins was watching thinking DLH lost
keep doin it my #nigga got dat #drive #success his middle name
good night (;
Sleep would be lovely
2012 film watching! #9 The Adventures of Tin Tin (2011). Visually stunning, but lacked a bit on script and the matter of fact story.
So confused by officiating 2nite RT : On offense Withey gets no respect from the refs. Why you have to go to TRob in there.
Thanks for the shout out Chris
Men r so selfish it makes me sick
have you checked out Newsie it's fast, slick & in the top ten news category.
RT : Fabric Scrap Bracelets: Here is a quick and easy kid fabric project that was fun for my 6 year old. I started by......
Missed the #Oscars while on a plane. Now catching up through the twitterverse. Thanks all!
Glad I got to enjoy most of Opening Day, it's certainly lasted long enough.
Finally chillin for a bit, it's been a long week. Got another one coming.
like the faith is a verb bio there; I often think of love in the same way.
Keep hearing about it. Gotta get it. Daniel Woodrell's
#FF (thanks for the re-tweet) (fabulous opening tonight) (staff show 2-night at Newspace Center)
Curses! Foiled in me quest. Mayhap next year -
hi just checking in hope your doing well and taking it easy getting plenty of rest.
"I am so disappointed, that I can not see me preform,except for on playback. My greatest pain in life, is that I will never see me, preform"
I have told you haha I told you i liked rondo as your background on your phone
Listen to online radio www.texas101jams.com to hear D*CK talk about materialism in americans; trying to keep up with the Jones'...at 1pm
lol u kind of look dazed n confused xD
It's official. After 3 years in the making, I finally have Fox Soccer Channel in HD. Just in time for MLS contract to expire.
Thank goodness for Jeff Lorber Fusion's new album Galaxy to get me through a Friday afternoon.
Possibly! I'll think about it :P. Album soon!!
MT : I think I like designing how things work better than designing how they look. <---- You'd be decorating at that point.
need idea re: how to make a cornucopia for my program on Monday....
Come hear tunes from the Music Library, 2PM Odegaard Dance Party!
awww thanks, bud. check on me again mid-June. May need a kick in the butt
What happens when the folks tell me how many cards the "record" is? I go for more! Thanks for a GREAT time :)
Is Studio Talent accepting submissions at this time?
This pre-game show with DickeyV and Bob Knight is awesome!
this day off is a joke
Hi Gail dumb ques for ya, Seared means it's cooked on the outside?
I was OJ's biggest critic the entire season, but I really feel bad for him. Never wanted him to fail like this.
why you gotta be so negative dang:P
haha oh lord Abby we are too funny :D
"Matilda," the only feminist one on your list so far... and obviously the best.
how is seattle like
Lmfao yea that's what I thought! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
“: People are competitive. Scarcity drives demand - online and off via #idea10”
Congratulations to Mary Snee on winning last week's Friday raffle! Come in to the store to pick up your bottle of Goose Bay Pinot Noir!
And I can't leave out for obvious reasons. See you tonight!
Happy #coopweek to our co-op customers: , , , IMARK Group, Embassy Group, Sphere 1!
thats my song right there!!
Oomf followers flirts on twitter a lot
Mirka, by a mile.
That'd be great! You could see how Cali compares ;)
Learning about i/o in C
I just requested my next batch of stickers.
This thanksgiving why not help feed the less fortunate.... Generosity goes a long way!!
Heaven only knows..
E.X.P.R.E.S.S Love, sex, ladies no regrets.
Well, I know where your coming from but I understand the league's stance. With all the lawsuits they had to tighten things up
CSS Jacksonville in now staffing for a Corporate Travel Agent www.contemporarystaffing.com
I was buckled last night .
She's WamBACK!
4 weeks and still fat
I hate #RomanticComedies I keep waiting for the part where she rips his heart out & takes a dump in the hole but it never comes.
So I played mega millions yesterday for the 1st time and completely forgot to check my ticket...
What's with the new layout? Actually kinda alright :P
Now that the holidays are over it's time to start planning for attending SwingFest 2010 next year, don't you think?
“: Hockey's too stressful to watch” Omg radio is 20x worse, I now have a heart issue<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
No early morning practice for this girl(: Walking into school(:
amazing! Where was that?
So...is she as beautiful in person as on TV?
Evan is diesel as shit.
Yes, and it's a tragedy.
My 3rd graders just said that Opening Night means: When a play opens...at night. (Eyebrow lifts)
Buff Bagwell Suffers Broken Neck in Car Accident; A Fan&#39;s Take
My journal is 84 pages.
Five total 3rd downs so far by both teams!
Back.. Kindda tired =(((
Check out and me tonight!!!!
Just noticed today's date is a Palindrome. haha that's sick! 11022011!
nutrition fact #2: Ppl always describe things as natural. Gasoline is natural, but you would drink 64oz daily. Compliments of
I wounder if or have ever seen #BlueCrush ? Its the best #SurfinMovieEVER now thats...
but i mean if i have an 85 in there now maybe i wont fail ya never know omg who am i kidding im gonna fAIL
They have already met before.RT Hey, did make the trip & have a chance to visit w/ ??
I am never alone. All over the world, I am constantly with people whose brains are fucked beyond even their own comprehension.
i can't find my Boyfriend shirt. I am going to scream.
I like Star Trek, I do. I just don't understand how 90% of the aliens speak English and understand what an hour is. It's distracting.
My poor sister flew to las vegas this weekend to see the big fight! She's not feeling well and her flight is delayed!! :(
So I've been onset, but tells me will explore the male hotness on TV as well. Equal opportunity hotness! Love it! :)
No, it should upset you exactly that much.
Happy Birthday!
And the white girl gets the lead.
Just got back from #BuschGardens. OMFG I was so annoyed with my aunt so every ride I gave the camers the finger so she couldn't buy the pic
Neiman Marcus is testing a new iPhone app that lets customers interact directly with sales associates. Loving this idea!
C'mon all you cheapskates! Do what he says!!!
#shoutout to the new follower :)
Come one come all for the American Heroes: A Comic Book Workshop today from 2-4pm at Leedy-Voulkos.
Happy Birthday!
Hey Why ya bringing the hate to twitter? HOUSTON LOVES ITS TRUCKS. You will lose this battle.
Our first burp joke premieres next week!
welcome back! can't wait to see you tearing it up out there! WHO DAT!
"Leaders are made, they are not born. They are made by hard effort"
We're so glad you love it!!! RT : Thank you for the most amazing experience of my life. Can't wait to live there!
I'm not aware.
Not quite sure any prize is worth enduring the talk at this table
Corporations profit from the elimination of competition through the force of the state.
Happy Friday! Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
Will someone please save rock
UF History Prof. Sarah Kovner has received a Chauncey Postdoctoral Fellowship from International Security Studies at Yale University!
Hope everyone had a fun Saturday night...We are serving brunch today from 10am-2pm, come relax in the sun!!
yes! Bike: bicycle space on 7th st. Book: Kramerbooks on Dupont circle. Vintage: Secondi on Dupont or it's vintage darling!
700 FREAKIN followers???!! HELL YES! Thank GOODNESS they are the hottest and most amazing followers ever..whew! yay thank youuuus :)
Try out Westside Rentals or Craigslist
so I need to get back into my morning routine of tweeting, Well, of course, I need to start w/u. Good Morning, Love.
My girlfriend has been in bed sick for 2 days. I feel like I've forgotten how to make my own dinner, do dishes, etc...
I have to say, Aubrey could have a future in advertising if singing doesn't work out. I love her ad concept!
So far so good.
Smack harder
Says voice got all extra high when he was rapping tho. Lol
I ship Jolly.
So excited to officially be moving back to LA middle of January! Wish it was now :) Excited to be back with my LA family!!!
Shout out to "I will never kneel!" awesome fucking band.
No prob! I will b dere again!!!
No, I have nothing against the new 360S, actually might get one myself. I don't know, XBOX's just seem a bit unrealiable.
I was like UHHHM?
Miguel Cabrera & Prince Fielder are putting on a clinic today! This is gonna be a fun season!
& should tell that I need to be part of the haus ;) after all everyone needs a summer job
Congrats!!! We're so excited to have you as our newest Golden Flyer!
Former First Lady Laura Bush wearing a nicely tailored black dress. She speaks after Wayne Clough of the Smithsonian
I saw some empties on that crowd shot. Lower bowl should always be packed.
We released more Cats tickets... get yours before they're all gone!
This is going to be a rough 4 weeks. Class Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday for 4 hours...
I do my kids a big disservice if I shield them from adversity. Sorry kiddo's lol
Well...in Texas you can. Idk if other states do.
Full on cookies and ideas for the new website. First up - a new square logo! #nonprofit #social media
and yet. None are recorded!!! Smdh.
Watching the Oscars!!! Love James Franco and Anne Hathaway!!!
wonder who Ottis Anderson is gonna start in week one...log in and see
Bengals trading out of 21. Niners to make move ?
I saw Sinterklaas and Zwarte Piet at the Old Dutch Store! It must be time for Sinterklaas-avond, aka my Dutch and Belgian candy buffet day!
finals week - 3 down 2 more to go - then im done till jan 18 - gonna get a tat tonight before class hells yea lol :) -
#HIGHKEY <U+E00E> “: i have no problem being lowkey.”
dad took her Wednesday and it took 4 days 4 me to get the pic....grrrr..but glad I could share :)
k. Keep me posted
Countdown until the brand page Timeline (official) switch: ONE WEEK! Is your business prepared?
how about a recycle bin?
I just discovered I stop breathing while driving under a bridge when a train is going by on top.
Scotland Yard Pub: Geek Team Trivia tonight at 8. Who can beat the 5 time champions? please!
#AGirlJustWants to hear you cry in divorce court
my mommy only rescues senior pugs...even though I don't consider myself a senior since I am so darn good lookin...snort...
Monday tip: Know a virus when you see it! A changed Internet homepage can indicate infection. If you didn’t install it, don’t trust it!
me & queen Elizabeth & Eazy E Have the Same Birthday ..Swerve!
i'm on a drug... called charlie sheen okay
After an 0-2 Wed now 3-4 for the week. CBB Early games for Thursday: Colorado State +5 & Montana +9. I'll be back later today w/later games.
Celebrating Wednesday (4/4) @ Cato's in Oakland... gig marks seven years of Cato's gigs 4 us. Jazz standards & originals, 6-9, no cover!
Just finished the Frontline web chat. A lot of great questions -- and not all were from my old boss :) Still making it better!
Goofin' at the shop for most of the day. Keep getting distracted by my glow-in-the-dark Big Trouble In Little China Poster.
The best thing I heard today: " Happy Mother's Day, and just so you know you're doing an excellent job." I actually shed a tear on that one.
a little bit of music theory goes a long way to expanding the ways you can enjoy music, highly recommend learning some to non-musicians
Caramel Pretzel Ice Cream
performing this Sunday Dec 18 at Clayton County International Park & Stadium for the Festival of Trees and Lights!
Wait you know how to use an IPhone?! Way to go!!! I'm so proud!
Hunting ducks (with Bush's camera) for Proxy with my son, Max. Fun stuff. Perfect day.
Happy 28th birthday Mark Zuckerberg! What better present than having Facebook go public this week - having a networth of over 100 billion?
Everyone on fb has an instagram! Just followed them all! Haha
“There is no perfect cookie, just pick one and take a bite!”
Best holiday card of the season! So good.
thats what I'm thinking...
So "Marx" peaked with the Sandinistas and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, while "Marxist" peaked with perestroika?
you go there aloot!
Good morning everyone! We hope you all have a safe & relaxing Labor Day weekend. Where did your travels take you?
Don't blame them for disappointing you, blame yourself for expecting too much from them.
thanks but its not me! its follow him and help spread the word.
i'm too fast!
Really not feeling school today. Wish it would close... Ugh..
I totally would but I realized this morning I have plans tomorrow to see a friend play roller derby!
what up nicca!
Tony Memmel performs at the market Saturday at noon www.tonymemmel.com
Sorry-- Thought you'd check our website
Brand new #Jessie tonight!.. It's called "Badfellas", & trust me... You will enjoy it. Don't miss it at 8/7c on Disney Channel. X <U+2665>
oh wow.okay! i dun knw what to wear tmrw....
Thanks Neicy RT : u can do it!!!<U+263A>(cheering u on)
I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life. - John 8:12
Night time me: I'm gonna run tomorrow! Day time me: I'm gonna run tonight instead! Next night time me: Might as well just run tomorrow...
Thanks for the RT! Pretty great, huh?
I'm ok. Got wrapped up in family stuff.
Getting all warm and snuggly inside! Back to sleep.
I don't really care about what you did wrong. What I care about is that you lied to me.
Break a leg! xoxo So proud of you!!
Google "let it snow" and see what happens to your search results! I love google. And
I think we need to get the band back together bro
#modevux mobile usability panel discusses how usability/ux affect business value
My mom is vacuuming at 6:30 AM.
My Strange Addiction marathon til I pass tfo
Now I do remember him talking about Homeland.
The 2 walk-off grand slams by Votto and Stanton on Sunday was the first time that has happened in 14 years.
Happy Tuesday! "First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do." ~ Epictetus
Today was Larissa's last day. We wish her well as she leaves to study in Israel.
It's amazing PC's look and act the way they do when the MAC is right in front of them!
Please follow !!!
Yes, drink #alltheroses in their honor! RT : I bet 's #RoseontheRoof is going to be an emo sadfest for
my newborn's sleeping like a baby
I think if he's 100%. That team will tear them up but I'm true blue. :)
i really fuckin hate school.
I'm from Miami. #RT Romania sounds far
tell my MAMA AND DAD THAT !!!!!
Got on the radio, rolling into Lawrence.
Gave it everything I had but now I just want to give my dreams everything I have left!
Yes! A number of our members live outside Metro
are you in Krakow right now?
I could care less...I keep in touch with the people I care about
CSU gag order “This policy is an obscenity & is not tolerable,” said Cary Nelson, pres.of the American Association of University Professors.
thank you! Glad you like our music :)
I vaguely remember a dream last night about having an angry conversation with a Raiders fan. We must be close to football season!
It's hard being the "designated daughter" Glenda. Glad you are taking care of yourself and allowing yourself to grieve. Blessings
Keep this one on your radar, folks. RT : It's "Oddly Normal," memoir about raising a gay son. Out in November.
If you need sweet design work done at an unbelievable price, check out AXIS apparel right now. These guys deserve so much recognition.
All she does is play music
Packed except for what i need to use in the morning then off to catch my flight. Now my only problem is i'm not sleepy.
i love listening' to y'all. much love.<<<< Likewise Sir! Really Appreciate the love.
yea, woe is unto me, if I preach not the gospel! 1Co.9.16.KJV. Is it glory, & things, or a burden & calling?
when did you start school?!
New products are in the shop. Product list coming soon!
I want the rain to stop. The thunder sounds like bombs.
I love when people I haven't seen in years appear in my dreams. It's a little reminder that they exist <U+2764>
no problem i understand how hard it is to get followers im having the same issue myself but it takes time
The 2012 ESBC Rosters may be better than the 2011 Class :)......Many ESBC alums will play in this years NCAA tournament.
“: #ThatAwkwardMoment when you go to grab somebody sexy and tell them "hey" but you hit the mirror instead." Lolololol
Nunez will start the next 2 games in the OF. This should be interesting!
I was listening saturday to the sadayatana show. It posts its playlist a,week later. I hope I got the artist name right! :)
december is the aim , art work completed ?
I know! Fact check Newt saying if we repealed Dodd-Frank tomorrow, economy would get better.
Are we short it's mid february? Cuz it's raining like crazy down in Kenosha.
Happy Birthday i love you <3 Mahomie For Life <333333
#wellingtonBOPandTB so proud of everything you've done these past 3 months <3
I'm just inside Gate A from 5:00 - 5:30 signing autographs, catch me while you can.
Spit my dinner out. Ha
milk upsets my stomach, lights are already off, I'm listening to relaxing music too. <U+3160>.<U+3160>
cannot believe I've been away from Twitter for 5 days...darn life
Getcha popcorn ready C
It's very awkward when you are walking around Montreal, see someone who looks exactly like Kris Letang, walk up to them and say hey...
“: 2x champ Fred Couples withdraws from THE PLAYERS citing flu like symptoms as the reason.” Damnit. This is not funny!
Took the words outta my mouth:)
it turns out apples can talk mad shit
When I do good no one remembers, when I do bad no one forgets. But God remembers it all. You are a great person in Christ!
Happy (belated) Easter!
Halloween never ends.
I've been dubbed Head Huntress on our make believe island. We're insane.
. Good way to see victory over cancer is to get everyone access to good health care, not just those who can afford it.
Thank you for coming out to see us!
LMFAO! That's gross!
Cus of u
Fell on my face today in my final demo
Saw your recent blog post. Are you moving to Madison?
So after playing my first real country show I find myself at some podunk bar in Celina, OH. Not bad! Great musicians here at the 211 Bar!
Officially in NC and am extremely grateful right now for all the wonderful friends I have been blessed with.
Yeah... I didn't write that. Article written by a red sox fan himself.
watching tv. Yoou? (:
Show this Saturday at Andy's in Denton TX. Spread the word to your UNT buddies, we're ready to rock.
I welcome him in my life RT : lmao Rian need Jesus
oh, putting people down makes you feel good about yourself? Go try to get Coltons attention. Loser. Hahahaha
Just watched Topgun with the man
Who's gonna replace the Law Firm?
But Brandon never got the pizza! Lol I was hungry when I got to 6h hour too
follow back? (:
1.5GB used so far this month, perfect 3G signal, performed all troubleshooting, 0.13Mb down, on hold with AT&T
NEW LOCATION: Lady Dolla Birthday/MTSU Homecoming TAILGATE PARTY on Middle Tennessee & Bell St behind the JUB! NOW! **
thanks hun, send me you email address and I will email you info...Thanks!!
i live in a community where its safe. this week the community was on high alert on a serial killer. what has this world come to?
I should come visit and mess wit u, u in drive thru? thats the best time to mess wit ppl lol
Special Bottle Pricing for Friday!!! Celebrating something??? Perfect night for tomorrow!!! Message us now :)
Fergie's new fragrance Outspoken is racey! Find it here: www.youravon.com/egiordano
How many time must this same record play?
it is BBQ Monday! No better way to kick off the week then at the Cow! Giddy UP!
Who dere! ;D Peyton you are SO AMAZING! Im glad I got to be on this AWESOME journey with you so far! Love you!! <21
BEST show ever!
girl just dum ass people like can I have my life too myself
Inspired to make more films and attend lots of festivals after such a great weekend at fest!
IF YA AINT OUT HEA GRIND'N.... YA WRONG MAAN!
Thank you sir!
The Health 2.0 Developer Challenge is proud to announce that as of this weekend's codeathon, we've given away $1M in prizes!
read more about Coples, sounds like he was unmotivated sr. yr, shouldn't be problem w/ Rex as coach. Ingram has small arms :)
Wishing you an *amazing* day ! Go get'm ladies!
Oh, North Carolina. Really?
sounds great...good sh** n thanks
better come on
Thanks to the people and officials of Malta. Handling massive volume of evacuees, and doing an outstanding job.
That is one wacky ass top 13.
I actually might run off w/ Tom Brokaw tomorrow so it's been nice knowing you both. Play without fear tomorrow, etc.
Knock 'em dead this weekend. Wish I could witness it first hand. Please tell me someone is going to video or make a pan.
please follow she is you biggest fan!82
Operation baby 11/11/11 on hold for now...no room at the inn. Hospital beds full. I'm 2nd on a wait list. Nurse says wait for noon update
Damn what a long day
Y everytime me &my bruh see eachother in the hall we got the urge to hit Tf out of eachother ??? #Sore <U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D>
- Curiously, it's not available on Hm.
Nice! I am just old school ;) have you selected all your books yet?
Wow, they pass out fines; would luv 2 see those stats, on who gets fined the most n who doesn't.
Hollywood done celebrating itself for another year after tonight?
See you there :)
Just talked To my brother, Ryan and Kory on the phone For Like 5 hours. I love my boys! (: Goodnight Twitter! <3
I'm so sorry for your loss.<3 Heaven got much sweeter.<3
#Paleo #paleodiet I just made the best meatballs and spaghetti squash!
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start
Just go and get it over with. Lol. RT : Damn i dont wanna go to this 2 o'clock class
It's happened before, but no setup guy has ever won.
Wow - Thank you to the 100+ people who toured the incubator and joined us at Fado last night. Your energy continues to inspire.
#blackhawks tonight. Who is going?
Math final is finally done!!
Lol first day back & I'm still in bed
"Bitch, you know you're a robot!"
need to book u 4 a tv show
More tix to May 13 today. A show not to be missed. Listen for your cue.
Oh boy, woman next to me has been pummeling vodka and is now sobbing. I tell you, never a dull moment around me.
you deserve our love you work so hard.WE LOVE YOU J!!
my pleasure bud! Thx for saying :)
I'm just bout ready 2 move away..
Wish I could retweet every tweet right now
Will resume Labor Day slacking after I finish writing project due Wed. What's holiday pay for self-employed? More beer later?
I can still see you standing there
the game wasn't over and he never quits.
I feel like i barely get on anymore D: but how is everyone?
I would luv to meet common
Atlanta tap that ass and Minnesota tap that ass, just waiting on Cleveland. Did I say we da best??
...lessons, drive, rehearsal, drive, lessons, drive, gig, drive... no TV and no beer make Homer something something.
knock knock? (who's there?) It's madame! (madame who?) madame footstuckinthedoor
Meet BIG KRIT @ the Black house Now!!!
"Oh when the Saints come marching in...."
Hey you! How's it going?? There is a #BCFT on the 26th to and afterwards. Hope you can make it!
if u need a friend (text me) need a laugh (call me) need a hug (stop by) need money (this number is no longer in service) :D
Can't say my B-day started off that great, Last night banged up someone's car backing out of a driveway. My truck ok, his door smashed in.
i think my alarm clock hates me.. started 2 fall asleep n it rings 2 whole hours early?? wth
Event: Pastorek - The federal role needs to be very strong on research & development
Hi Lesanne, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
I don't wanna get up!
Another great shoot! Now it's time to fall asleep to forest gump.
I haven't heard from my baby!!!
I like sleeping because it's like being dead without the commitment.
Im sorry Im bad, Im sorry Im build, Im sorry for all the things I said to you. And I know, I just cant live without. Im sorry.
OASPA considers re-use to be essential to OA and want their members to use CC licenses.
Getting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
If only he knew...
If you have a tie clip you should clip it into your shirt Kobe!!!!
pray for a nigga
"Home Boy bursts with intelligence and energy and pathos. I haven't read anything like it." Gary Shteyngart, Author of Absurdistan
Those boys are killin it up in Canadia!
Please tweet me? Iloveyou!!
Tired of working like a dog and getting shit in return f%#k this...
Riding the Dragon teen guys group is am co-facilitating starts today. Wish me luck, fun or other good juju!
I wish I was a Jedi.
Kinda weird ending to New Girl.
Butler holds on to ugly win, but win nonetheless. Final score: Butler 53 Green Bay 49.
Oh how we've missed you! RT : Macaron man is back in action! Living the dream!
We're coming for ya Friday night & we're bringing an army of fans with us so get ready to rumble!
I'm a different kind of boy so gimme all ur love.Let's forget about time and dance our lives away....
Links go back to flyer page only.Can't. DM me alternate way or DM phone # to call. Can I go to the Doral and register?
If this crazy #LAwind blows me to Kansas, how long do I have to wait till I can vote against that dopey Sam Brownback?
Laughing at the boys that used to hit on me that have babies now
People in my school walk so damn slow
It has picked up here in the vendor hall of the BYU Genealogy Conference. Must be lunch time.
Reminded mom to feed my bird while I'm away & she says "every day?!" Mom has a bit of a bird phobia. My tiny 'keet has no idea of his power.
Love that!
idk if you heard me say bye...but I left :) i'll probably be back in an hour and a half or sometime before noon thirty. I sure love you! ...
it's an ass girl
sigueme x fa t.k.m.
Swamp people on demand >
yea that joint hard bra
Tonight is the draft!
When you would do anything just to see rt you! Oh I would die!
Watching SVU, but I already missed half of it.
i'm going to need the clippers to beat memphis, that's it. then go ahead and lose to the spurs.
I&#39;m at a library conference, dork. Sharing the info!
Gates open in an hour and a half (6pm) at Chemical Abstracts for #Columbus Symphony Picnic with the Pops w OSU Marching Band! Tomorrow also!
Ha! Only one in mine. But I'm bad about using it.
Pool Party until 1am and then the hottub was HOT!!! Ms Lovevoodoo Fest contest today on the nude side...
Hey Sis! Y'all bout to get beat!
Cause no one has tried pitching that idea yet. Do it!
I pretty sure Obama can beat Romney, but if Romney's VEEP has presidential hair as well then there could be trouble.
Recommends "Suzie Q" by Creedence Clearwater Revival on Pandora
no joke about future of America!
Hi Stella! Did you receive our email our email about our new Chicago-based app, ? We'd love to hear your thoughts!
love the stash and the jersey!
Strawberry Jam Custard with Reverse Chocolate Wafer Crust
K B Y E . I really gotta go now ~ hahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
What a great comeback win for Boyle softball over Mercer 4-3 !
stay tuned for #dsoc programs at #sla2010: canon law, N.O. herstory, poster session, census update, walking tour sold out!
i will vote until my hands feel like theyre gonna fall off
Oh, perfection party! She misspells again! (Sorry, coming through for one more pass.)
Ladies if a man decides to beat on you get 4or5 of you and beat hell out of him,I better shut up,but I ain't going to be beating one of you.
I know.
Headed to warehouse in KY for barrel pickin' & whiskey drinkin'...hard day
Terrible news about Junior Seau.Death is tragic,death by ur own hand even more so. You never know what is going on in someone's mind& heart.
BASEBAL SENIOR NIGHT tuesday at #TheHutch against Anderson County... would love the support
whats your story for tonight??
Phone off I don't want to talk to anyone!
Shit. I mean, awesome!
why do social networks change their UI so fast? geek down people, its hard to keep up... i must be getting old
#Tru get better homes I'll check back then.
I don't know if you even spell it that way but whatever lol
Love you and your show very much..but saying maybe the calling your boss "Babe" thing was southern??? # killing me..
Check ur Email
www.warrenwolfmusic.com Get me for your next event
#WorldWaterDay Choose to skip the meat today and save thousands of gallons of water today!
She Aint Youu - Chris Brown ; Ugh Story Of My Life !
OUT THE STUDIO ...NOW imma z goodnight world...for now
great running into you. Sorry we couldn't stop and chat. Hope all is well!!
Don’t watch too many at once. #Torchwood is too depressing to stay up late watching.
Maybe that's because although it's called "customer service", it's a job the representatives HATE.
I'm not sure if it is the right decision or not, but I voted for
I think I'm the "throw tennis balls at the cars" type
Being this stressed out <<<<<
Got one once when an excited two year old jumped up and smashed his head into my face - baby, dun knocked me out cold.
oh where oh where have you been???
RADIO RIOT TONIGHT!
Trying to dial the # on Barney Stinson's poster, but it's busy! Anyone get through?
Why does Rodger Sterling carry so much cash when he knows he's gonna lose it all?
I'm sure you can relate on how easily I get mad, doe. Lolololol.
Time To Get Real In This Studio ...with the fam bout to have it up
Gosh brooklynn don't act like this?
Where you at 5 o'clock?
Think imma stop fuckin wit ms molly fa a min...
Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss!!
Nana Always turns a question into a speech >_<
Our business is infested with idiots who try to impress by using pretentious jargon
Its been a feel-good weekend. A little bit of service, networking, and of course cocktails. Love
I am ur biggest fan and btw congragultions on the 10 mil follows
If LeBron spoke the King's English, he would have said, "I'm taking thine talents to South Beach."
Some relationships are like "Tom and Jerry" , they irritate each other.. They tease each other, but can NOT live without each other.
don't know about a request but this inspired me to pull out The Front / Burlington, VT / 03.11.90 / Set II
ALCL... Book value alone is $.08+. and were trading at .017
I'm not sure what the group is... But feel free to look me up on fb!
#dearTEACHER I'm not stupid... I just dont know the right answers.
At the #hrotodayforum learning about job creation, which is fueled by startups.
Means that with just the flip of a switch, things go from groovy to sh*t show. Cc'g for h/t on patois
does the person that sends them to you use Western Union? I want to send one to someone.
Watching #plconf online - the anointing and power of God is coming through the screen!!!
It's cruel that I have to go to the Nordstrom website to pay my CC bill. Such a tease to have to click past all the pretties to pay my bill.
He said if I am ever drunk, he will be my designated driver and won't tell my parents :D
so you only use it for performance analysis, not for general debugging?
I'm bring the joint.....savings bank money in case we run out of supplies
Up late working on our website, just had a Skinny Water. #WOW: It's #Healthy and it Tastes Great! Thanks
HAPPY HALLOWEEN from myself and everyone at :)
Great night for basketball this evening great win for the gonna knock back a few Guinness to celebrate
Orioles FanFest tomorrow, peasants! Particularly excited about the Put Your Finger in Jim Traber's Bellybutton Booth.
Thanks so much for the support!
Le Pooch is hiring. For more information please visit www.Lepooch.net or email !
sorry thanks :@
I need to make sure my bro is good to girls but not whipped to where he spends all his money on them and ends up broke
i think the dude you're looking for is @ kevinhart4real or something like that
i love you mother nature. sorry for everything ive said the last few months.
Having a great time at #sla2011. Stop by our booth 306 for a special conference discount!
how do you get siri on the ipod touch
I can't stand when ppl act obsessed
I was a YA librarian and now write for them. Where do you work?
The microzooids in Slonczewski's "The Children Star" are similar to the Nannites on Star Trek: The Next Generation.
Gearing up for New York International Gift Fair next week! So excited! Come see all our cool new products in Booth 7849!
I want some too
Just landed in Geneva.
It's amazing how many proprietors of 3D photography sites think blue and cyan are the same color. THERE'S A BIG DIFFERENCE PEOPLE
How do I view the new Twitter layout?
almost forgot how good Snow Patrol was...
What are we using for beer tonight? PBR or Natty?
SO excited about 's next blockbuster, #shakespeare's "Much Ado…" - Wait…were your expecting me to say #TheAvengers?
Hi Stuart ! Thanks for the RT , I appreciate your support, following U now, Follow me back please ?
Jack Daly - What are you doing to win the hearts of your people?
haha. Probably dome of the longest 5 days of your life.
- can u believe that kid???? Amazing.
Hi! I'm doing well. Am buying a new house. I hope your finals/internship go great. What happened to your Facebook?
The Truth Men are like roses. watch out for all the pricks...
i wanna go see dark shadows so badly, it looks so hilarious
and a question for the rockers out there...dont ya think Axl coulda shown up for Rock&RollHallOfFame GnR performance?
ah! i'm missing glee right now. poop.
I wanna go back to bed!!
Wow, you're cool. Will you leave me alone now? please? Didn't think so.=/
RT “: Keep your words Beautiful and your thoughts Divine....”
u guys video "Hello" it is amazing and also amazing dance moves luv yall peace and luv
I am covering for Christina..I guess someone was here this morning but for a task shift. We have been busy all day and night. Ugh
When u get "K" for a response in a message it means this conversation is over
where are you doing it?
Lean towards the light and slip through the softnes with open arms extended.
There's no way in hell that will start over Jeremy Lin once he "finally" comes back from his injury. Request a trade buddy!!!
Robert Zimmerman is doing everything he can to help get my head screwed on straight this morning.
Interview at 4! wish me luck every1 <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
there you go lying again lol
must be some serious humidity going on. i look like a lighter haired version of roseanne rosannadanna tonight... eek!
A delayed but still grateful thank you!
I'm hungry...... Bring me food stat!
Thx ! Your presentation was excellent as well! Fascinated by crowdsourcing conservation info now. Look forward to more.
Mexico is god awful. Drop the nuke and get it over with.
I don't think so. I saw a video about post game reaction but it was from the Philadelphia Union website so might be just them.
RE last tweet to -- #grammarfail. *are
Ha! That will not be happening. :)
im n da city were niggas at
Pretty much given up on the WHAP essay for tomorrow. Thank you Ms. McCallum for assigning an essay for the day we get back from spring break
thanks emilie! Much appreciated :)
I did enjoy and wanted to share.
The life you have led doesn't need to be the only life you'll have.
#MyFriendsRockCuz they always have my back <3
Ho Ho Ho. I don't know, bet I have you beat. But I'm still in shock; it will wear off.
I'd say no. If he hasn't been taken yet, draft Adam Dunn. He's been mashing this Spring.
I love how so many people have tattoos to show how unique they are instead of getting a personality.
When I'm finally in the mood to actually blog.... really?
When I tell #oomf I love her > when I say it to anyone else.
bra what up
I enjoyed the DePaul MBA Alumni networking event last night. It was so great to see everyone again!
All hail the heart breaker - the spill canvas
Just got kicked out of chatroulette trying to do interviews with a stuffed ET, now have to flag 50 wangs to get back on.
I'll meet you half way!
RT : Oh look at that... #firefox crashed again... and again... and again... Firefox Groundhog day version
stop dancing to slap you're elbows in a thong on you're table its realy strange can I join u
"Velvet Pavilions" south asian fiction, sizzling characters, lived globally, spans continents, brilliant, eccentric totally unpredictable
whenever you get upset about grey hairs, just look at me, I'm covered in them!! And I'm only 20 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
- who wan some Jamaica Jerk chicken it is the best :)
Have your own podcast? Let DMiner Apps create a custom, mobile app for your audience! Check out #ExperienceJoeRogan droid app for our work!
Blink 182. That or writing music.
*ways, sorry.
please tell me you are a delena fan
U.S. #Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson confirms (PENDING CONGRESSIONAL SCHEDULE) for the #Transportation & #Infrastructure #Summit!
mud and dirt always finds its way onto my car
Chris Rock has jumped the shark. It's all over for him. He has #DaddyDayCare syndrome also known as
We ARE open for lunch today at 11:30. A beautiful day for the Garden Walk!
Ready to get on track with new resolutions this year!
For some reason I can't imagine countries in Asia and such all too hyped about watching Western movies and TV shows. But...the numbers.
Late Spring semester in the bag. Time for a short one week break before the start of summer classes.
She won't get one, she don't even have a facebook.
Sex sounds good right now
Makes me happy to see so many people in this #amm2011 session about new #musetech!
I hope they are impertinent questions.
So far today I've accomplished absolutely nothing - maybe I should be a politician.
That link has the streaming version. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Titans Gym is offering Free Two Week Passes for all Non members.
I'm good! Super busy
. was attacked by ninjas and is limping, but still doing the show. What a badass.
haha nah its cool I was just saying
have to be a GM for a pro team to know that? Should I submit my resume? Lol
Maybe we can hold it in The South? RT : next year, maybe or can sponsor this conf & pass out mittens
Thank you for all of the wonderful Happy Birthday messages!
for sure bruh! i think ima be chillin at bikestyles on Sat b4 the show so ill post when ima be there, so come up wit ur friends
RIP Donna Summer, we'll miss you :(
Buckwheat rice cakes, tahini and a medjool date Best snack ever
she gotta small azz brain but a big azz head
I like UConns high post offense!
you guys some bitches!
I'd love to just stay up all night and find cool people and places like I used to! D:
is on it's way back from it's world premier. Damn pleased.
#PDXSHIFT Baking lemon cupcakes with local ingredients for SHIFT. Celebrate sustainable design and eat cupcakes Tues night, 7pm at EcoTrust.
#NYRANGER viewing party presented by #BUDLIGHT tonight at 7pm!!! $7 bud light special get a free Ranger keepsake glass!
lol, stop what?
haha @ tear face
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 9
How was your food yesterday?
Friday morning blog post will be up later this morning. Stay tuned!
Guys I don't feel good
RT : #recommitment to #ethical #fashion on with , , !...
otherwise the terrorists would have won. Which of course is my excuse for doing everything.
nice. I ate at Steamworks. Delicious brewery/restaurant to go to.
Merry Christmas Austin <3
the line is so blurred to me RT One of the hardest things in life is figuring out the difference between friendship and love.
Thx! RT Happy Mothers day & the rest of the moms out there! Had to say it before I destroy every1s TL w Game 7.
or bleach blond, blue eyeshadow and a cig in each hand
Is anyone else having problems with their #1and1 server? Or have I been shut down by the government?
honey, don't tweet our "safe" word.
i only wish Selena could be more open and follow me! I luv u 2 so much! I just want 2 cry! I tried so much,& nothing!
Club status on swole!!!!!
Felix Jones, Mendenhall, A. Foster. PPR league. Need 2. THANKS FREAKS!!!
Cool pal, we'll let you know when we're coming.
Downtown Denver is pretty sweet
If Ryan Leaf isn't better at eluding the police than he was at eluding DEs, this should be a quick search.
Make each sensation a little bit stronger. Freeze this motion a little bit longer. Happy Monday!
why not they look nice. Iwould buy them and re sell them but they not going to be worth much
Jack daniel's is going to kick my ass tonight.
Voice of Chris Traeger (Rob Lowe): "There is LITERALLY a siege of toddlers (>5) wailing at Weatherstone coffee shop. Where are their adults?
good choice!
Hey Tweeps! Got a Fact or Myth question for you! Can chocolate and oily foods cause acne?
Twitter wasn't made for chatting, but who cares.. I'm enjoying it.
That would be an interesting project if i can make the time.
thanks, the cake WAS delish!
Ok so I need help from #BBN I need to know where I can find a #UK watching party for the game tonight in Las Vegas...
Christopher getting on my nerves
Looks like its #ParanormalActivity3 tonight on Blu-Ray! What's up with every BD coming with a Blu-Ray, DVD & Digital Copy now?!?!?!
Your beautiful
2 of my seniors are going into PhD programs--Classics & English. I bit my tongue and wished them well. Hey--maybe they come from money.
The Pirates once again are falling apart in May...the Pittsburgh Power are coming together as a team, come out to the next home game!
uploading a video today
EVERBODY GO WISH MY NIGGA GOOD LUCK ON HIS SHOW IN DENVER TONITE!!! WISH I COULD BE THERE BRO!! TURN UP FOR G.O.L.
Great Thursday ahead.. starting with a media screening of Emmerich's new film #Anonymous and the #LatinaStyle Business Series event later on
Today is the day!! Meet at 3pm in North Beach at Boardroom in your holiday attire! Make sure you have bartab DL on your phone for $1 drinks
#BeatHunger tonight: Tours on TG Eve! Swap that $7 admission for 3 food items to support ! Tours at 4, 5 & 6
I have a feeling that no matter who you marry, you will still be a Kardashian....:-)
for all of you who have been following me on Chris_Crutcher, I dumped that account and everything will be here.
Alarm woke me up to "Eye of the Tiger". Message? Sleep more...
just really excited and proud of my best friend- love you my darling and of course de la would b there
End of year party w Party Boyz live in concert! Vbar 4500 west ave! San Antonio!
Like u got it going on girl<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Missn Those Good Old Days....Shyt fuc Lets Make sum New 1's
call me when you wake child!
Yea ikr. Idk how much to sell it for tho
working working working and in the meantime writing new stuff for the mixtape. you?
preparing #vegan lunch like a ninja...
His last day tomorrow ima cry
I was unemployed for 4 months. First time since I was 12, because I wanted something out of retail
I'm hungry, and Noe is taking forever to pick me up
hockey tape on your mouth while healtey fucks you from behind ;)
I feel so bad for Devin :(
I want to say it's about 19 million, but I'll get back to you on that...
I feel the same way. I'm going!!!
If the object was digitized BY the institution doing the preserving, I think the intent is obvious.
when u comin out to denver? Again? Hope u follow back <3
No worries...are you able to listen to our web stream or via smartphone at work?
So proud of our chef for the Beard win for A New Turn In the South. Way to go!
Digium Switchvox integration with Cabmate Dispatch proof of concept is up and running :D
is their a way to turn them off?
are you asking me to retweet your tweets? Is that what you really want?
Scott Walker made this mess. Wisconsin is ready to clean it up by unifying behind the strong alternative-Tom Barrett. Ask Kathleen.
Does your 2-5 year old love to dance? Enter our Dance Designs giveaway today and you could win 1 free month of lessons!...
- it could be a few things. Do you need to download 64bit driver? Is you dongle for version 8.9? We'll get 2 the bottom of this.
Mongolian Grill... Decent looking veggies. $7.00 for a big bowl is a good price though. (@ Beba's Deli & Chutneys Express)
. a lot of words radiate out of an individual
For a upscale place like , you'd think my customer service issues could be solved in less than 5 phone calls.
I'm going to need a scrapbook pretty soon for all the fanmail I've been getting. Need to preserve the memories! :D
Chef Bobby Flay #IronChef signing copies of his book in Washington DC September 21 @ Sixth & I Historic Synagogue #DC #Bobby Flay
oh my god
The thoughtful soul to solitude retires.
You Should already know what he's looking at #IfYouKnowWhatIMean ;-)
Comedy Open stage is going to begin and pizza is ready! YIPPIEH!
Perfect date night - 25 cent wings, kids #jeopardy, and a man that ate 53 wings in 10 minutes #dc #capitolhill (I'm serious)
Some erotic novel for women. Lmao..
R.I.P Whitney Houston
I always vet the insurance. Cheaper to replace if you crack the screen or drop in water or the kids get to them.
yea i know and i wonder why instead of saying pizza we all say peetsa :D
- That fucking moment in the morning when you realise there is no more cereal in the box. :@
Why can't the Giants just stop all the chat ? Really hope the Patriots ram it down their throats !
why are u going to regurgitate?
Paradise Fears.
This right here is my pretty bieber swag:)
Thanks for the #FF love, you guys are great!
RIP Don Cornelius( eva lastiong Soul)
Please call 01925 411 385 to speak with a member of the CheapTents
thanks for the conversation. Good luck to you!
You got to believe that's exactly how it happened. They were the #moonshiners of the 13th century!
Happy New Year! Starting out the year even par!
HELL YEAH!!!
got it. Will check them out. Thanks!
I admittedly know nothing about them. After being this close, I want to know more. Wow.
Same to you, NT!
RT : #StitcherWelcomes // Thanks for having us!
reading your diss chapter one. Jeez. 1, I should have read this four months ago. 2, obviously we should co-edit a book. Serious
Holiday shoppers Round up your purchases to the next dollar & the difference goes to the Club. 11/30 - 12/12 Small change adds up!
I love to dance. I'm a dancer!(: Lol RT- “: #dancedancedance”
I am so glad. I hope we can work together again....still want to work on a book signing event when I get everything together
What a beautiful day here in Cleveland, Ohio
": Some people just don't compare. #sorry" you have never been more right!!!
if he died you wouldnt be on fuckin twitter omg lol
TMZ reporting that #dickclark died of a massive heart attack.
yes they wanted their pic taken this morning. Oldest wanted to dress like daddy today
Thanks! - likewise! (While you were in storytime, odds are high I was reading about it for class.)
YOU KNOW THIS TO BE TRUE.
#AAM2011 Online fever: Thanks to all presenters for a very informative session! Good info even tho it's so early in the AM. :)
How are you doing today? :-)
So true! RT : Awesome Michelle. A regular practice brings so many benefits to our lives :)
I HAVE THE MOST WONDERFUL HUSBAND . Mi stimabo dushi.
being a princess isn't about being a spoiled brat, it's about being pretty inside & out <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8>
You're absolutely right! I'm definitely with you on all that.
yaaaay your kinda cute too
Leadership does not need to be a dramatic, fist in the air and trumpets blaring, activity
why do i have the grammar on twitter of a 7 year old, but i score advanced in language arts for state testing? idk cuz im dat bitch heh
Ouch ouch ouch in some serious pain!!! :(
Baking up a storm.
I just finished a 1.99 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
If the definition of world war is involving three or more nations. I've got one going on in me.
Happy Thanksgiving Twitterville - I miss tweating with you - but you are always on my mind!
will ever tweet me someday!!!!!!!!??????huhuhuhu
never know what you're going to get in the am!:) gotta keep you on your toes
incredible! Thank you so much for all your support!!!!
cool. Thanks for the update!
He be speakin' the truth. RT immortal technique is to raw it's unreal
LMAOOOO, lol... No rain/thunder/lightening can stop a man from getting Grandmamas food, lolol
Boy u know I'm excited lmao
did you all watch american idol? so happy with the results! but really...how bad was this season overall? simon is smart for peacing out ;)
Feeling tired? Drink water! Lack of water is the #1 trigger of daytime fatigue.
using twitter to store my memory in the cloud: saw the Red Hot Chili Peppers in April 1986; the place was empty, maybe 50 people.
If you live by the pen you'll die by the sword.
It's my birthday week dammit. Someone bring me a blunt
Nothing much. You still do party promotions.
RT : hey honey. Just checkin on u... U looked skinny last time I saw u. U eating. Lol// lol im good hon!
I just bought a leather sport coat off eBay. I've had bad luck with leather in the past. I hope this one works out.
RT "To know even one life has breathed easier because u have lived...THAT is to have succeeded." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Personal Finance Tool: EzCheckPersonal Check Writer Minimizes the Learning Curve
don't think they'd be insulted by that.
sign man! Comeon it'll do nothing but earn you a much much much bigger fanbase!
Great random Valentine's Day culminating in good food, good drink, and good music. Actually great on all of those.
check your DM
What it lookin like
you r exactly right. Wow what a few hours do and ur correct meds. My brain's working again.Lol. Hey I did my 1st just do it.
loll where was this at?!! I love him!
everybody fucks up but damn man. Steve Blake a cool lil nigga, he was just a little off.
u saw I wrote #baileybinnixisbeautiful?
So good. I think I'll need to make some this weekend
you should play Where Have You Been by Rihanna
thnx for the input re: camtasia!
#nw top gun
Just turned on the heat in my apt in FL because it is too cold.
Education leads to literacy, which leads to economic development. This is the best way to bring Peace to the world.
ok! Just let me know when!
what a coincedenc! Im not sleeping now <-Kelsey xoxo>
tic toc let me see your panties Drop (:
It means your application is under review, takes roughly 6-8 weeks for a decision to be made by the department.
Why is a "wise guy" the opposite of a "wise man"?? # deepthought
Where are you working?
yeah ready for it all to be over with! Lol
TCGD!!! RUNNING CRAZY!!! slap the ask
Its so annoying that "a lot" isnt spelled as one word
Crazy Girl!!! YEAH for TEXAS Country going big!!!!! LOVE Eli Young Band!
What's with this waking up with a headache thing?! Is it too much sleep?
i get lonely to
Clinging to sanity. Kids over the top crazy.
Nothing brightens my day more than a rude customer
My appetite for hockey is just about gone.
Don't even joke about that!!!
is it volume?
Tough times never last but tough people do.(:
Vergne: 2012 not a Red Bull audition
Hey ya ya
Is there practice on Tuesday at MMS?
“: Everybody talks & everybody listens, but somehow the truth just always comes up missin'" <3
we did ... along with one of their English Muffins. One of the best breakfast splurges in a while! Thanks!
Worst day of a final ever.
2nd round Champions League quarter finals!!!
enjoy the IPv6 block! Let us know if you have any questions or issues.
Techno music, makes me feel like I'm stuck in the douchiest of nightmares.
Freedom! New graduates going crizazy this weekend!
He really hates to be alone.
Good morning tweetplugs!! 2012 is around the corner!
Have actually had a great day skateboarding
Well, they didn't say which age, and I imagine teens handle more intense things on a weekly basis. Just saying.
you having fun favoriting a bunch of videos..?(;
Are you or your friends looking for an interesting and thought provoking class to take next semester? Check out Intro to Feminisms!
In 2 months, I've dropped one clothing size, btw. I was very ill from Dec-Mar, but that's over & I'm back to this routine.
In organizations, real power and energy is generated through relationships
ya shoe game be on point <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
YOU ARE THE FRESHEST COOKIE IN THE COOKIE JAR!! <3
Just woke up!!:/ #tired #Whattodotonight?
we just went up peak 10 a few times, didn't expect it to be half as good as it was
I'd do anything to just get one step closerto you. <3
u have in amozing voies love ya
So happy its not raining today! The doggies were not happy about their walks yesterday! Looking forward to the scheduled dog walks today!!!
House Ed Comm now hearing SB15. We strongly support this bill-its good education policy & good workforce development policy
Looking for a good webcam under $50 to connect kids with the out-of-town grandparents. Any recommendations?
So believe in yourself. Prepare, yes, but also go for it with conviction! Everyone have a great week! And "Never give in"!
#Cheers to life...
I think Ima go home and get on that PS3
+1 RT Apparently I need to make the "man-bait" apple crisp... How have I never made this before?!
Paying the price for ignoring my Inbox for a period of days. So worth it!!!
earn less than $5,000 a year from
getting in in Shreveport!!! Go Girly!!!
glassblowing for 1000.... this item was made popular by a man named snodgrass.
I got 12 Strangers/Seattle Weeklys so I can make a edition of 12 if I can cut that long.
That moment of realization was horrible. ._
use natural honey from bees as close to your home as you can get it. Country Markets usually keep it. the Amish way works 4 me
“: Natty Daddy coming 2012, we own the Rose bowl, But BCS Champs Sounds better ;)” You know it!
": watching friendss.. i love this show" one in the same! Jersey Shore followed by friends, always great
Kettering Health was on top for #DaytonJobs posting in Jan-Feb with 480 postings!
#IDidntTextYouBack because you can't spell at a fourth grade level.
on some real shit im tryna hit that mega millions
MS State Senator Merle Flowers feels working appliances are an option. When a pregnant mother of three complained, he evicted her? TBR
That's good news, Slim You've got your priorities aligned!
Morning dear! Would love to get together for coffee to conspire … :)
Vip Luxury Service Launches the New Frontier of Luxury Shopping: Vip Video Shopping Service for members of Privilege ...
See you later on today (technically) <333 so pumped.
I miss #Oprah on ABC
Deltas gon start a Riot at they own centennial
I'm in vegas
I have a great deal of respect for you. You have position of influence counsel POTUS he needs your prayers and support
Good morning New York!
I think they should get a fine for littering for every. single. one.
house of blues
is a #fashionmujtahid. Shirwani as a jubba over a thobe? I've contemplated it but never attempted it yet.
that's always how it starts, just a little piece of chocolate leads to an empty bag an hour later. Damn sweets!
mondays...theyre just never good. ):
The stupid stuff that this girl do!
Now my mama mad b/c she doesn't wanna wake up and get me food.. Its not my fault you decided to stay out till 4 last night..
good old times
RT : Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as he pleases.
Goodnight twitter people!
Dark Shadows in IMAX >
I'm just gonna start screaming "COBAIN'S BACK!" whenever I enter a room from now on. Bio Lab, consider yourself on notice.
Thanks cubTales!! I actually pinged a couple of new parents about you. :)
why did u turn down federal train money and force our state to borrow 30 million
Miley Cyrus got inducted to the Bowling Hall of Fame, Y’all
25th anniversary of the Rumble tonight! Any WWE fans out there?
omg. That sounds soo good. I've never had one before. Ahah
drunken donuts... YUM!
you really bout that action lil nigga YOU JUST CAPPIN....Fella
come chat over on our facebook, we'll be giving away some free music! Http://facebook.com/thesocialband
Betty Draper on Mad Men
Love this! #Poetry:"the minutely staggered and then breathtaking merging of word, image and fact." Alan Hollinghurst THE STRANGER"S CHILD
depends on how much u want to spend.
rum raisin!
In memory of MCA, I'm spending all day blasting new, unsigned rap artists.
": ........and he literally tweeted "im telling ciara on yall" the delusion is real people" ci don't give a f*ck...smh lol
Yeah I saw some of his games when he was in Ohio State was a beast
Social media is going to be the biggest transformational change in the marketing world
UUhh why does it say there is only 301 views..??? we're trying to set a record here!!!
Being close to death is when you feel the most alive
recipe exchange!!!
Next time I need to make time for tacos. Sorry to realize I missed meeting you last night at Wits!
Lol on the low.
Just heard about Junior Seau! How awful and terribly sad. :(
guess I better memorize your number then!
just me!
Evaluate all standing committees and eliminate any that do not directly and productively contribute to ALA's charge
“Action expresses priorities.” ~Mohandas K. Gandhi
Downtown looks promising tonight. What are you up to on this magical evening?
Why do you say that?! Lol!
Do you know what proportions are?
ah LIFE in nola, what more could you ask for :)
From #Entourage! Please just go watch it and thank me later.
I fucking love you <3 I am so glad we are friends. I'm here for you. Anytime .(:
thanks 4 the followback! i carry awesome scissors and cool product! hope you have a awesome weekend and Go Flames! lol!
Let's get 2011 off on the right foot, San Diego!
oh wow lol. It's a small world foreal lol.
Help us reach 300 fans today! Remember we are giving away a $25 gift card to your favorite STN restaurant/bar once we hit 500 fans!
; We Have a bond that's unbreakable & its not time to let it go [we're in love] & now that we know its real. . .
single and flippant.
on my way home from work now, see you on g+!!!
Rudy Ramirez raised this early last year; Castaneda was the one who brought forward the idea of the ballot measure @ last mtg
That quote about the unwilling working for the ungrateful doing the impossible for the unworthy? Yeah that.
Ok, Coach Jack, enlighten me with your football prowess? Rice dropped my hot pocket during prep.
I meant while
Funny that I spent three years of my life intensively studying cognitive aids for email, and still floundering in my own inbox.
thats how we do at LMU ;)
- Food makes meSo happy ;.
OMG! This is terrible :(
Oh I remember those! Put 1/2 c chopped candied ginger in mine. We're a ginger household. Maybe an all corner brownie pan?
Don't forget about the Farmer's Market today in La Mesa from 3pm to 6pm! Located off of Allison Street!
We are too busy mopping the floor to turn off the faucet. - Author Unknown
Just cuz I can't eat a sami doesn't mean I won't join you!
Ann Wolfe, James Kirkland ... RESPECT!
What's your name?
finally made it into my classroom today... not happy with table/desk layout... any ideas to share?
Sometimes I read some tweets on here and literally laugh out loud. If I had a roommate, they'd think I was insane
Winning swag sheen !
Hit me with it I'm trapped in a sexual harasment seminar....
Oopsie. I'm wearing capri's & haven't shaved my legs in 4 days.
It's obvious Romney has no compassion for people or animals.
Idea Village is hosting a happy hour on Monday 10/24.
Packing and getting ready to move to Nor Cal til August.
#Top10bestvideos - Justin Bieber ,, Justin Bieber omg
cats and my girlfriend make everything better :)
salutes all veterans and active military for their sacrifice and service. I'm gratefully in your debt.
Happy birthday to GJ Browns Baseball "A Division of Denver Browns Baseball" player Easton Metcalf
Like a little work-cation...
this is niggas in Paris live in Paris.. Graduations come and go, this is some #YOLO <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><U+2755>lol
Every monster, no matter gay, straight. bi, lesbian. transgendered, fat, tall, short or skinny, makes up this huge family
Is better to visit you at night or during the day??
- your not even fat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
the austin mahone videos.
I know. It's unprecedented.
This bitch talking in the hallway sounds like Kermit the frog
lol..u rape?
The days go by, we arguin all the time. I wanna make it right, cause that was last night. Its like we in a love game.
Just saw a bunch of new hotties following the page ... dang girls, you look GOOD! <3
Thx for the follow!
Heat Win!!! #HEATNATION .
Oh, just a tad
MAKE IT HAPPEN
Must be nice to be 1st class! They move fast as idk what
Might actually hit 100 followers today! Hooray! Can you help a Canadian out with a re-tweet and a follow...
Big thannngggsssss in the works
Don't forget your furry friend this valentine's- peanut butter dog gelato available
ughh, you're a horrible child -.-
Merci Mademoiselle belle... And we had a blast!! Yes we did!!
god luck girlfriend :) hehe love you!
Thank you Jesus for the peace you have given me :)
So many athletes this week tore their ACLs.. hope they all can have a speedy recovery
Way to burst my bubble, Olivia. :'(
Suck it #Yuni haters!
shared and at a work shop. i think peoples heads exploded from the amazing amount of resources.
ah third wheeling ð<U+009F><U+0091>
(cont) Wish I could be like and claim that I was focusing more on writing than Twitter, but that sadly is not the case.
Just wanted to say, I love your blog! I always forget to take pics of my fave dishes for mine! P.S. Center Stage is awesome.
Young man, let me explain something to you: Every shot in a picture is the most important shot in a picture - Ernst Lubitsch
#insomnia. *sigh*
ALL MY MILWAUKEE FOLLOWERS TUNE IN TO TODAY TO HEAR MAKE THEIR DEBUT ON THE RADIO #414 -- Villi's Yandy ()
Thanks again for having us last night. Roger Creager was awesome-- such a pleasure to share the stage :)
I appealed the "real market value" on my real estate taxes today. I will get the results in 10 days.
Reunited with and and it feels so good!'
well actually she does because were her elephants
you would be mistaken the one time I tune into the food network
#thevow was the GREATEST movie ever!!!
Can we please stop calling Gallardo the Brewer "ace" now? Head-case.
Tonight! Living room lounge! 446 w Virginia rd crystal lake il. 21+ enter and drink !! Two rooms! Tropical and karaoke! 9pm-2am
No, YOU'RE tha bomb dot com!
I missed Killer THATCamp Brownies on Sunday? D'oh!!!
fantasia nor beyonce never coming on ur show
what a chump! MT “: Magic coach Van Gundy told reporters that he knows star center asked team mngmnt 2 fire him.”
World re-known aerial photographer jay miller to speak at the museum on sat. March 3. Come see his amazing work!
Party looked great and cheers to future successes. Next year you can send me an invite via twitter.
El Cajon council hearing from 18 speakers, many of whom are jockeying for the position of recently resigned councilwoman Jillian Hanson-Cox
sy hersh on cyber war and Randy on the exercise bike this am... world's greatest day unfolding
lol! Why I gotta be a loser??
Softball later, then getting to see oomf:)
Dear media, pinning a classmate down and forcibly cutting his hair is not a "prank." It's bullying and assault. Start describing it as such.
that's a good question! Haha Ohh! I got it at Sophia's in greenwood. Is that where you got yours ??
my plans for tonight >>> i should fall asleep with ease
I thought he already was a divorce lawyer. RT What would happen if Cupid became a divorce lawyer
I need to go take my suburban. Lol
I know Dude
Hope everyone is ok
planet forest
I think put something in my drink
2 shots of bourbon do not = one hat
"Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt."
lmao wat happened y u downtown??? Thought u was on Cleveland ave today
#aam2012 I hope I can find the NEMA reception
good job....love the originals
For some reason, my humpback whale Wednesday afternoon is going very, very slowly.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 361
i have successfully snuck out of my house without my parents even catching me lol
Come celebrate Cinco De Mayo at the Hustler Club tonight! Enjoy discount Tequila Shots! Half Price Patron Bottles, $5 Corona Bottles,...
A clever look into what conversations must be had between conservative news moguls and their show hosts.
i will love you till the ends of the earth..until time stops, and until i die. I LOVE YOU CODY!
do you remeber that guy that was dancing at warped tour?!?!
If Teague gets stripped one more time I'm gonna lose it
lol you a slut
Your dress is too short stop
A new trend is popping up... drunk online shopping! What have you purchased online under the influence? Pithy comments shared live at 8!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "what do your tattoos mean?" "are you okay?" "what's wrong?"
and that's the damn truth! Sad but true...
Home maint, lawn care-When my future husband helps me with these things he will never be taken for granted after doing it on my own so long!
it just came out how about walgreens?walmart?
People just get ALL KINDS of ignorant when the weather gets nice ..
Will bust out Rick Pitino's Colonel Sanders suit for white out?
Can anyone do me a favor and click the Twitter Link on my Youtube channel?
Today was my last day at work. Going to miss my Bellevue peoples!
whats your favorite place to shop online?
Saw Sylvie Guillem dance yesterday night. Still in awe.
yea husband said pd in front of market by 7/11 and culver at deerfield apt's and walking trail they are all over that place
Can't wait Till my birthday
serious question cause I don't remember: did Cal put any restrictions on Stacey Poole?
Somebody on the Spurs getting dunk on tonight I can feel it LOL
#YOLO People are just now realizing this? Smh...
u look like ur picking ur nose in this picture, no offense man
The mind is full of unconscious static, tracking back to the very depths of infant memory.
Suffering from app overload. I just want one app to do ALL the things...
I had forgotten about this fight. Great illustration of not giving up. (I wish boxing was interesting again!)
he said male attention.
why not???
thanks home slice
that's a kool tag but are u still part of 4e
Oh yeah, i totally forgot.. #HappyCincoDeMayo my fellow people with Mexican blood in them! Haha <3
ONE OF MY IDOLS WILL BE AT MY SCHOOL DOING A WEEK LONG RESIDENCY NEXT WEEK. KAFKLDHGKDHGJHAKJGHDJHFDJHFDSFHD**(*%^$##$%). AH!!!!!!
Edelweiss and I didnt see you? I work for that company
Join us for networking and cocktails on tue, nov 1 from 6-9p at Carlyle at the palace. No fee to attend, cash bar. C U there! Please RT
Excited to watch my sunday night shows! Having some quality "rachael" time! lol
Once again adopting the Nat Papovich school of system administration: A red background on remote desktop means don't f*ck up.
The key to success in selling is for you to start a little earlier,work a little harder, & stay a little later.
We want to support you being a parent to your child, not to their autism.
It's going to be an amazing weekend!
"You have to remind yourself that sometimes great things fall apart so that better things can fall together."
Bout to walk to deh store for some honey roasted cashews. I really gon take this 15 minute walk. Ok here we go.
Why everyone should watch at GT! RT : Only today all day 1/2 off oyster at GT, and you can watch the super bowl.
average size of a corporate social media team is 11 says
aw wish I was an angel but that's gotta be and ;) ..you are more sweeter than me, end off girl!<U+2665>
I could play poker all day long lol
Koolin bout to roll up!!
what's going on man... Let's connect before or after the new year. Whatever you schedule permits... Happy holiday
Miller says he's biased, but Tannehill is better than RG3.
. Is there a write up for this somewhere, David? By the way--Hey. . .how are you?
oh u mean like when we all pose for each month
Hi kirsten!
Aww cheer up homie.. ": I been n a shity mood all morning"
still sore bro, i messed it up pretty good. Hoping i only miss this week
youll never believe what happened last saturday.
If you could sleep with any Baldwin which one would you choose?
Shout out to Moms who drink and swear if you haven't read these two ladies stuff you are missing out. Always will put a smile on your face!
Awesome photo, sir!
Local businesses! If ur interested in participating in Half-Off MKE (like )->DM me!
Wonder if September will be the month that interest rates will finally take off? Hmm.......
In that dancing mod (:
6th grade advisory club sign up was a success today! Now on to 7th grade tomorrow! I love it when people just pitch in to help out!
w00t w00t :) Looking forward to interesting conversations online and offline
oh and I showed up at a client appreciation day at a local lumber yard a day late. umm. Spring?
Check out the last story link, It will take you to a gallery of nothin' but Impregnation smut (who knew, right?)
#SinceImBeingHonest. I farted
": #Brewers to sign SS Alex Gonzalez. #MLB"
I always miss your tweets </3 I'm on vacation in florida(:
Pizza and twerkin? Sure let's get butt fucked with our clothes on while eating pizza..
Volleyball at fat daddy's tonight
Can I just work as a blogger for the rest of my life, instead of going to grad school? *Pouts*
RT : working on a holiday is like attacking in the feed zone, but whatever, I'm not too proud.
RT : Never knew you would get thrown out of a game for throwing a home run ball back on the field
oh me me me!
Wish I could've spent today with my milf of a mother! <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9>
I'm back!!! and someone unfollowed me. lol
got a membership with today! It was my first day back to the gym in a while...it was a tough workout but rewarding!
I left my glasses in my glasses case in my tennis bag at school
Home. Task list. Home. Task list. I need sleeps. :(
Q. How do you make Wolverine cookies? A. Put them in a big bowl and beat them for three hours. [RT if you agree!]
Sometimes the one you want is actually the one you’re best without......---
love that my theatrical and web-design lives combine to make one talented, musical web-orgy. HI GEORGIA!! xoxo
Thanks to Janeane Garofalo & for making our show such an insanely fun time!
We are giving away #chiropractic #evaluations this weekend in #PDX! Come see us at the Shamrock Run #Sunday next to the OHSU booth!
gonna see how u sling tomorrow bring ur A game!
Damn dog mad respect , I saw your tag at the Chuck E Cheeses restroom!
thanks for retweeting the survey! I'd be happy to share the results with you if you are interested.
Good. Now leave Stick ..I mean Tyga alone, lol
THAT IS AMAZING
Excited about the long weekend. #wicked #kathygriffin and more!
You know that moment when you look at someone an you think try are trailer trash and then they are. Yep that's what's going on
Appreciate the follow and glad to be following you back. Happy Easter!
nice work! Everyone okay?
Remind me again where you're fave place in DC is to get them?
Right there with you guys!
Thanks so much for the incredibly helpful talk this morning ! You're my SEO guru!
best kind of gum: mint or fruit-flavored?
u r amazing please follow :)
Faithfully hitting niggas with the 90 day rule. Not giving a fuck B..
. "These a**holes always get away" doesn't mean "ppl who wear hoodies." Means "f'ing coons." Killer used THOSE words
#teacherappreciationweek. #socal couldn't be more honored to work with you as we empower our students and make LA better
The poorest of the #poor on the earth... are children. ~Mama maggie #Mvt121 VP Tony Chen
my dick hard ass fuck
Also, it's "knives". Glad I could be a part of this!
CONTEST!: Submit your short script or ideas to CrazySOBs-let the community “vote the best ones up”-WE then pick the best and produce them!
It's no secret that BVLGARI makes the most exquisite perfumes...pour Femme is no exception, I'm in a trance from the samples
Hating that I'm like the only single person out of all my friends.
Do you know when it comes back on?
: Ah-hah! Well, that certainly works in the "other" category. Just make sure it's fully edited and looks professional.
My phone just fell off the car and landed on the driveway <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> scratched the sides of my phone!
Who's going to Austin's concert June 22nd?! :)
; Sometimes two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.
2013 #MarchMadness, lookout for the red & black!
Brilliant idea. Have fun!
Lovin' life: I am work in the office and Jeannine is out with an awesome buyer, looking a homes @ $400K. We love what we do!
RT : Okay seriously, what does everyone want from Santa this year?
Thanks for coming to Portland!
come pick me up :D
check your email woman!
Oh!! Happy Birthday love! Now you can buy your own shit! Lol
I just checked in at Olin Hall (601 E Main St, Collegeville) on
Wow, Freddy Adu booked for diving. Second yellow.
and then there's the obsessive qualifying of the antecedents of "which" in relative clauses, which obsession is like candy to me
too bad. i already called loving him more than u. sucker
whu u wit
lol! That beat wnt wit Shaq rap cause they both were horrible. Lol
lmao same! those movies always get to me!
thank you! It was great event and so fun to attend Opening Night with
Thanks Gwyn! How are you these days?
a man n d nail shop had wedges on & my 5 yr old girl said to him i didnt know a man could wear those shoes someone said baby u live in
Thanks! I'm completely obsessed with Capoeira! So beautiful. I use to take it as an elective in middle school :)
m...triple chocolate cake and some milk bonus: the cake tastes better today than it did yesterday
M, give me juicy pork over “shoe leather” pork any day of the week!
#goal 20lbs more!! RT 80% of All Crossfitters (Both Men and Women) can Clean & Jerk over 135 lbs.
Hi Guys!
ireally do have the best gf on the planet.
Shout out to all wrestlers follow
The survey says.... IT'S A GIRL!
Do not allow method or process to halt solution.. If its not immoral or illegaly we can use your process to
Going with my brother to get lunch, because he's hungry & I'm bored.
Presenter: Don't ask for $. better way to engage people is ask "do you see yourself getting involved in any way."
Only 1 spot left for ride to TART judging.
Professional boxers will fight in Rio, says AIBA chief | Mex Report
did lazy Dave start his twitter account??
In Mississippi Heading to Louisiana...
Happy Birthday (: Hope you have a great day!!!(:
thx! I tried to make each one different this time!
no I'm saying I have been in the mood, haven't been I so long.
welcome too twit world ;)
haha...all good Bond man. You'll pick it up quick and be rolling in no time.
MAKING A FEW BEATS
Michael Bourne obv
QT : Time for a change( I agree!
NATO needs to GTF out of Chicago <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
If you don't appreciate her, you'll soon lose her to someone who will..
thanks for your talk at LA Ruby conf on sustainable productivity with rails. One of the best talks I've seen!
Hahaha I heard about this story, she did have some sort of chicken wrap!
whats the point...winner could get a team of Bama's punters and kickers and still get blown out
Enough already .... Time to get off the stage. Nobody wants a candidate that likes to hear himself talk.
shout out to the homeowners, girl who got diplomas and enough money to loan us - should we ever need it
I am feeling ridiculously organized today...almost like I'm Wonder Woman or something..
I have no clue lol
And that tour yesterday was enough to make me loathe him all over again.
We just started using Twitter! Let's hope that we can help each other this year!
Alright Chase, I'll help you with your French!
U should call me.
True, I mainly just tweet about sports, or my (Nobody cares what I'm thinking, thoughts)!!
#InstantTurnOff: Guys whose heads are bigger than their dicks.
This saturday im bout to be at bikestyles jus chillin b4 the show, come on up from like 2-5
I'm sure my tuba will cure all
you're my 3,800th tweet! Happy birthday!
I want to go to the UK!! someone take me there ;)
Oh, that was you going 85 in a 55...I see how you are ;) RT : passed you on 65. Giving bayette a hard time.
Definitely- marianna is helping to coordinate a lunch for next tues!
its so nice out! hm, this makes choosing a happy hour spot tough thoughts?
haha it's cool. And nice
Confessions of a Political Junkie: It's never too early to start a campaign.
are you awake, girl? Ck your FB messages. ;)
Cortland, NY just became a summer destination.
I want to shinedown yea it was good
Hey zesky, you know html?
#RangersFC absolutely shredding the #CelticFC D. It what should happen, however, when the other team's down to 9 men.
It's fine by me, if you never leave <3
I'll tell him! He's much better at sticking to the list than I am. He's been known to call me from the aisle so he gets the rt stuff
Nobody's perfect. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Just shot a 30 sec spot for Member One Credit Union.
Me too, its a huge ecological disaster in the making. As a Brit, I apologize for BP. No new offshore drilling!!
Already there. Can't wait.
Loved that song but what has really been accomplished with autotune after that? How many thoughts can an autobrain think?
I am my own street team Dx10 out here getting it in ya ming
Oh, you're wearing a Knicks jersey at a game? Tell me all about the borough you grew up in.
Aftershock -- anyone else?
You've got a big game on Saturday! Wabash did the Scots a favor tonight. History repeats itself over and over in the NCAC!
Word! RT : Big thanks to for doing so much to advance the web series space.
my pleasure!
The triumphant return of the Friday afternoon trio improv session - fantastic way to end the week.
"The poor" decide to be poor because living in a dangerous project with a flat screen bought by welfare loot is a really enticing lifestyle.
Killer Queen playing on repeater in my car. Can't seem to get past that song ~ it makes me so happy.
Having fun hangin w/ and
Reality is an illusion caused by the lack of alcohol.
Thanks for the support everybody! We had a great time in Santa Fe last night. TGIF!
Thanks for the tweet Les...looking forward to seeing you at NSA-AZ on April 21st!
I was "stoned" to death.
We've had such beautiful weather this week! What's your favorite way to greet (early)Spring warmth?
RT : - what's your art museum? #artmuseumday ... tell us you're coming! | We love them all!
happy mother's Day to YOU!
Yeah, just a couple of years after my boy Micah Bowie.
It's sort of like a puzzle box. And more authentic looking than anything I've seen. Headed back toward the temple after that.
no 3. I did OT tho. He is doing great. Money well spent
Obama's "Volt economy" only barely subsists with massive federal subsidies and power. A very dangerous illusion.
Making sure computer/projector set-up works for #t2social today.
A rainy day in LA, the Smiths, & coffee.
we're making duck confit poutine here using your legs. Good stuff!
Ur my bestfriend why wouldnt I tell u if I was mad at u
so you write records...who do u work with
"Uh oh," -- the Staples Center employee who does a great Bieber impersonation
Don't let your emotions overpower your intelligence. -T.I. Slide Show
The only real things in my life are my son and two dogs.
the trash of western culture has never been so tastefully arranged.
merry christmas, happy holidays - *NSYNC
From my window: A police helicopter illuminates every letter of the Hollywood sign. For fact or fiction?
Update: ER and chemotherapy services reopen at GRMC
TODAY is a good day to join for "7 Minutes of Authentic Prayer" at 12 noon ET. Call 712-775-7000/966637.
Outstanding! However, $ ends but impressions last forever; therefore, we need human capital in abundance @ elementary
High winds but at least the sun is out!
so why'd you call me a slut?
Man Ma Dude Would B Spoiled Juss Like Ma Daughter Lol. . But Hiss Ass Betta Be Spoilin Me 2 : )
Waiting for txt
Time to show Fishers what we're made of.
you deserve it! #ileadu inspiration
Enjoying a lovely afternoon in my quiet backyard before the mosquitoes are back in full force and humidity saps the life out of everyone.
Women are more moral than men, survey says Women are more moral than men, with those over 30 years old having the strongest values, a sur
let's get some tweets going in here!! :)
Thank you Joe. For being a respectful #RedSox fan.
My lunch
why do we drive on parkways and park on driveways?
was up for a challange tonight
Now that I have seen a wild alligator, I feel that the Florida experience is complete.
fish and chips looked delicious!
thanks lady! I traded my martini for a good ol' fashioned beer :)
Too close for missiles, I'm switching to guns.
nope. QT : Is Marc's still hiring ?
YES! FINALLY SOME LIFE FROM SAN FRAN!!! GO NINERS!!!
im good just very ho Ny is hot today
A shout out to Jimmy @ SickBoys..VERY COOL PLACE! And another shout out to Bill @ TzMR..thanks for having us be a part of the benefit tour!
hey what are you doing tn ?
I woke up crying today, and cried off and on all day.. For NO REASON!
SYMX is almost trending on twitter
The honor is all mine!
#20ThingsAboutMe 15. I usually become friends with outcasts or people that are bullied.
No more smoking at Chalco.
I can't seem to understand the rationale for ASD as a diagnosis instead of differentiating among the disorders. Autism and AS are different
RT SUPER BO!x B!TCHES R U$....X
come up here and we can run together in this cold snowy weather :)
I am so excited omg! I should also start packing, lolz
so far so good -- i will be part-time for a few months, so that makes the transition much easier :)
wicked cool!
I sat on the floor and played with my dog-he loved it, had dinner with my family, watched with my wife
Good morning! Don't forget to download "Roller Coaster" by on iTunes. Have a great day everyone!
My lil cousin wants me to visit her in Dallas sounds like a cool lil trip
Great opening for Imprint last night! Thanks to all who made it out!
You can't turn back the clock. But you can wind it up again. - Bonnie Prudden
yes sir, its an great thing Jesus did for us, and God for sacrificing his only son
- No matter how involved you are in the policy/political conversations, you need to get more involved.
okay he good
#guilty alsoRT : Anyone else scroll through their timeline every morning like its the newspaper?
Great sponsor luncheon for #RFTCLA today. $425000 in sponsorship! Yay! Let's find a cure!
I know its not gonna happen with us, but i love the way we flirt with each other <3
My daily entertainment is watching kids stretching in P.E.
Just found a bug on Fedora 14 PackageKit-Command-not-found. Attempting to reproduce it.
Very tempted to flee NYC and report on gay Nightlife in Albany. Whatcha think, & ?
Are there any brides that would like a table to our #weddingmixer? Email
got it! Thanks a million
I think I got darker..
- you're welcome! We appreciate your support. Enjoy.
Rouses Point: Last Stop in the US.
"Go on this site to study for the AP test. I don't think it's totally legal, but.." omg, bio teacher is a boss.
Had a good time with and at the round table event last night. Lots of bright students and great ideas!
we are just addicted to twitter like a fat kid is to a fat cake
Woo hoo!!! “: Have you purchased your ticket for the "The Drive" performance on March 24th? We have!”
omgh I love that show
Why does everyone think that Directv is dropping VS. DTV is trying to protect customer rates by not paying ridiculous cost VS is charging.
Life look dull thru your window? Time to make it vibrant again! Clean outside windows & screens as low as $70. vegaspressurewashing.com
ok so no other team offered him anything shouldn't that be a sign to him?
and so that "constitutes " borrowing from China for war? You don't think Republicans use planned parenthood?
seriously how does one small animal snore so loudly
This Saturday buy Local Bazaar 10am-4pm 1025 N Broadway MSOE Student Life and Campus Center
Hahaha, im sorry! (:
imma make all the pain go away:)
First tweet
Hey You should follow ! We love you.
does that mean frog and firkin? Then yes :)
Haha, aww! Junior year is almost over though! You've held out this long. This is the home stretch! Haha, I really love DA.
That you for the site Mesothelioma
That's a good rule of thumb!
Question: How come there aren't any good female pick-up lines?... Answer: Cuz they're ALREADY fu@%in' with ya~ !!
just trying to make it through this week
Now I'll have to go Jazz Fest. Don't want to miss the chance to see you live! Can't wait!
Will or be the first to send a picture of themselves holding twine?
": RT #WaysToGetWomenMad just live your everyday life..they'll find sumthin to get mad at..it never fails lol"
This is going to get intense!
THIS Thursday is our monthly meet and greet at Vinoteca, 5-7pm. New and old members are welcome. Come have a glass with us!
is working from home today on finding sponsors for a moment in history that will be like NO other....
TD Gugger says his ads are the prime source for his recruits. Plug his email in to see all the (free) places he posts jobs.
Next show is June 30th, but what if we say we make it the craziest show we have ever played
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY! To all the wonderful, hard working, devoted, & loving mothers! God bless ea of u, ur family & ur family's relationships
Leave it to to bring pure swag and killer food to an evening.
for sure thats a great idea you cant go wrong with ball powder
This history class is going by SO slow!
I could totally go for some calamari right now and my bed
Just arrived in California... getting excited for Renaissance Weekend and SoCap!
Soaking up history and wisdom from Vint Cerf (he's still wearing a 3 piece suit, the rebel)
competitions with myself to see how fast i can down a salad from chop't. 5 minutes. record. fucking salad.
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
MISERY MONDAY <SINGLE>
Power outage on West End; Duke St. corridor w/out power/traffic lights. Motorists should avoid area.
Alright. So down. Not even kidding
yeah I go there, that school Is probably a ghosttown now lol...you back at whole foods?
go head and take off without me im n da burg bruh..had to wait for ups n shit
Same to you! Enjoy the day!! RT : Happy #Thanksgiving twitter family!!
Can't believe I'm having 2 wear a down vest & scarf over my sweater to walk Mortimer tonight! Gr8 sky tho! #love autumn!
Hi ! Could you email me at ? I am in need of some political insight for a story I'm working on.
FYI: You do not need a table to sell or trade zines at the Portland Zine Symposium. Swapping zines out of backpacks is strongly encouraged!
Feeling good about having created another min-money site. Now, if only the bucks start rolling in ()grin!).
if we was gonna go out, it would be with a K
Whenever a bird shits on my bike, I eat a plate of scrambled eggs on my front porch just to let them know what I'm capable of.
"Going physco! Head first in pussy"!
*blank stare*
WOW! Google now has search-by-image! Drop an image, Google scans it and decides the topic or location is & gives results. Incredible
sadly yes. A couple classes for my major were offered online at UK so I figured Id just get it out of the way. We gota chill man
Does LIL' KIM put on a good show? I kind of wrote her off a decade ago. I should revisit, I suppose.
yo dawg. when you gonna tweet? ; P hope the semesters going well.
we're just at the what-xtra-software-do-we-need phase for FB opac, haven't seen it live yet.
I've been watching cartoons all day cause dammit, thats what you do on Saturdays!!
Boom! If you guys want to get robbed by a smoking hot hooker can make it happen.
I know! I would clutch my head and scream in existential horror for half that!
Dafnis Prieto is a "Macarthur 'Genius' Grant" award winner. Tell us, what do you think qualifies as 'genius' in jazz?
Anyone get a chance to learn about today?
So why is he moving for a little bit , is it just for the summer ?
Too bad you don't run TMobile. They could use you!
Sometimes I wonder if I'll ever know the truth
If you find yourself following a church leader closer than you follow Jesus, it's idolatry. Check yourself!
My smartphone isn't really that smart, it just takes directions relatively well. And it's obstinate.
Till he returns, or calls me home...here in the power of Christ I stand
Cheat on me by accident I will leave u on purpose..
1 week of J Lo's salary on Idol would pay for all the homecoming
Thanks long lost big sister :)
RT : Duncan said "hold ma dick"... haha
I can understand that .
Do you know why New Yorkers are always so depressed? Because the light at the end of the tunnel is in New Jersey.
man.....u lucky I did it
love is not something you have to win, but something you have to feel like crazy!! <3
Enjoy the game!
Good Morning People, On my mind: Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness.
#Blackfriday is a great opportunity to get that family entrepreneur a custom website :^)
Omg Taylor swift I love you!!! :D yayyyyy
Back from another great Combine. Productive meetings, & so proud of clients Chris Polk & Chris Owusu. Both helped themselves a lot.
Perhaps we should open a bar called "The Cursing Cat."
so who is your team? mine is the hawks
I'm an unapologetic Drupal advocate, but I'm unsure how mature the Alfresco+Drupal integration is at this point.
My thighs are seriously getting on my fucking nerves right now.
": #omw Back to the Dot!! Had an amazing time with #Haroun #Slim, And the girls LOOOL" You know, You know
Happy Birthday ! (:
jealous! have fun!
My boys pullin through late in the 4th! 2nd championship, here we go.
When you look at me you see a happy 12 year old girl, but when you get to know me you realize im not that girl, My Life Sux.
That was awesome
where the water bottles n towels for you to hand out to the real players
Today wasn't what I thought it was,, but shid ders still tomorrow
Following back just tweet me. :)
You are too kind!
No, Sadly :( We are still trying to get it though! We'll keep you guys posted and we will post the video as soon as we do it!
ahmen to that brother man
Had a lovely time at Miller Park with tonight. Too bad the crew couldn't pull off a win.
straight chilling
Good night!
I'm gonna be nice to my mom today
so good to hear! Chef Ben really knows what he's doing.
ugh. suckky night.
When you accidentally flash someone, never say you're sorry, say "you're welcome" ;)
really sucker,make me put a hit out on u
i would like it. I still don't know what I am doing but I am trying. Lol
Has been a challenging day. Def ready for bed tonight.
- you're welcome!
Aw, awesome! Thank you!! Be sure to sign up and get a free download! My gift to you. :)
OK TWEETS, back to my NETFLIX horror/thriller fest...lol
haha no i mean Austin,tx
Also, smtimes I reply to craptastic HuffPo headlines w snark. I'm sure this will get me in trouble when I'm famous, so I'll just stop now.
RT : Yeah, quitters never win but they also don't feel like assholes for trying SO HARD and still not winning.
Pretty awesome. The sunset will definitely miss you.
the mark of the beast?
Hopefully they use their app for the celebration pics.
Totally. What things are you getting ?
LeBron not taking the last shot is like Josh Hamilton calling for a pinch hitter in the bottom of the 9th in a tie game
DAMN. SOMEONE STOLE YOUR PHONE..?? #Wtf Not Cool
Off to church
I hate sand.
#DBHH Finest Follow Network Today!
i gotta do whats best or me (:
Marvel&#39;s The Avengers Assembles in IMAX® Theatres in North America Starting Friday
This dude on xbox has me rolling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
RT Is this America ? A teabagging nudist who cheered shoving a curling iron into opponent's butt just won big.
Retweet if you think relationships these days are a JOKE. It's like April 1st all year long.
it was an email interview, and I didn't ask that. sorry, my bust
I get confused when people I don't know at all follow me on Twitter. Go for it, but I'm still confused.
It's not bad. I just don't want to smell like a dude
same here, but too lazy to go through my list lol
You can't measure love, it has no start, it has no end
If your firm or organization has a job opening in Print #Production, a SUPER talented friend of MacMedics is available for new challenges.
lol you shouldve seen mine sunday
Feb 15: the day those god-awful Pandora bracelets vanish from my tv (until Xmas)
Im pretty sure everyone here knows that the only reason you have anything against Trespassing is because you're jealous. Adam is amazing
thanks! Hope you had a good trip home and a great weekend. Please keep in touch.
WillMB uses fancy footwork to stay out of a double-play to keep the inning alive. The man is amazing.
pleasure meeting u today.
what happens in las vegas is such a cute movie (:
I hope you gave the kids a head start on the egg hunt. Ha ha!
If your phone isn't ringing, your resume IS costing you money. Our clients have found new jobs in as little as 2 weeks!
RIP Dick Clark, didn't know he was having health issues, New Years will never be the same again
thank you!(:
Long day! Off to bed! I sure hope tomorrow is more active! Good Nite online community! Until another time....
hell yeah!
Come to EDC and find out RT probably best show ever “: I wonder if Skrillex live is any good?”
Gotta love em . but Grr they get on my nevers
IT'S BEACH TIME!!! Who wants to join me to play some volleyball?!?! I can bring the Corona's, someone has to bring the ball! :)
do that all the time! Lol!
I don't trust myself.
Can this month fly?
RT "go #Orioles!"
In my efforts to promote #theatre attendance & quest to come from nowhere & be mayor of #Wrigleyville , I'm finally on
your ladyballers have been so depressed and going thru all star weekend withdrawals we haven't been able to tweet! :(
“: IDK about u tweedos, but I CAN'T wait for XFactor to begin with and Obvi my love Simon. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>” and Demi Lovato!!! <3
Attended a great webinar on Twitter
is so funny.
: I have to go to work. Ill ttyl(:?
Do you know if there's still a person who puts the rose and a bottle of liquor on his grave?
I'm looking and I'm liking! I shall respond:-)
Men of Mayhem November 3rd, 2011 by RT and win a shirt! and stickers!
If you are a Mahomie, Go & follow her right now. (:
good thanks :)
Ever muscle in my body hurts, I'm still feeling the repercussions from Saturday. Oh college, I miss you.
Haha, ok. Nothing a beer on a sunny afternoon can't fix. Cheers!
how is everyone tonight ?
#ghettotranslations I'm omw 5 mins= I'm just going in the shower and then get dress therefore I will be there in 2 hours...
Thank you for all the applications. Now, our hard work begins..selecting the teams.
Girl you are crazy! Those strong ass jello shots.
More the “time to head home so quickly” instinct
good n u
no dont! we smoke cuz of the feeling and the meaning
#CLFFC updates coming up later today! Been caught up in, as Jon Langford would say, "The tequila puddle that is #SXSW."
Hope you are right? The bottom has been called before
I'm mystified that I still don't regret buying that Skipknot album all those years ago.
Great 1st half for the #Sixers!!!! Keep it up!!!!
miss you more!
Thanks Naomi! I loved every single minute of it!
4" heels after working out ... NOT THE BUSINESS!
Becketts 32nd birthday today. Ironic that he's on the mound in what could be a memorable day for various reasons?
School book signings- best to hv school sell advance copies of your book. I usually do show in morn, sign afternoon
In 1915 George Romney, Mitt's dad, had 165 first cousins ...
Thanks for the info, I'll check them out! cc
you ought to update your credit line for the"she reads" column. And yes, I am a nag.
I hate that I worry all the time about a lot of things <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
hell ya i miss my boy matty
#waystomakemehappy make me laugh
Teach me your ways.. you are so pretty and so many people follow you. How do you do it?
due to weddings, birthday parties, and some race where 33 cars drive a bunch of miles in a circle...the next game for me is 6/9.
Disney-Inspired Wedding. IT'S HAPPENING.
Wud luv2c a national tny for all teams that won/competed for their state titles. Hard2do I understand, but teams like Milton
i been noticed that i didnt so its nothing new
Production meeting! All hands on deck...
Do you know what your name means?v
Keyword should be in yout title, description and tags to get the best results on
I think I've bought 13 boxes of girl scout cookies in the last few weeks. I'm an easy mark; please keep those monsters away from my door.
Listen to your heart.
FREUD was a genius, but not a MYSTIC. There comes a point where your will is exhausted, you have tried everything to make it work, & IT wont
Grading #c300 footage for the first time.
Whenever I hear ZO speak, it gives me hope. Thank you for speaking the truth! A guy named Rusty said this. But it is my feelings also!
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
I hpoe she stabs him with a fork. (2/2)
hahaha right? it was...interesting. he seems much cooler now that he's not my teacher though!! LOL
To me the young crowd can hear more about what's going on & seniors can share pics of their grandkids during story time.
better not be James!
"why wouldn't you want to hire someone who has a big social media reach?" Baked in audience. #sls12 via
I'm a underground king.
Had a Chick-Fil-A for the first time today. Thanks Texas.
Etsy store would be awesome! Someone hand makes electric stylus covers on there!
2 chicken for a cent.
AND if Saruh lets you flirt with her tell me and I'll tell Aundrea and get Saruh in trouble. (x AHAHAHAHA.
LMAO that's what you get for posting that song!! RT Okay well I'm in an interesting mood now lol
no I would say that. told us to hold on to our virtues
Godby presentation: better to use RDA as the translation hub than MARC for mapping from ONIX.
for sure! And will have to check the date see if I'm off
Speech to text thru Siri comes out pretty funny when you've lost your voice.
Brendons science experiment blew up in his face luckily most of the green food coloring washed off
on my way to Tampa to visit family :)
not yet lol
It was a matter of notoriety
Any publishers out there willing to answer some questions regarding my book proposal?
Btw Congrats to my colleagues who worked on and Good job!
is looking forward to a great year working with awesome people on some amazing titles....
Thanks for RTs today. How are you!
follows me back
What is your favorite go-to breakfast on long workout days?
: Great Job 'n thanks to all at , , and all other sponsors for a successful event!
#redsox win! Happy Birthday Bobby V!
Hahahahahahaha Jk I' don't ever know what that means
The best picker-upper in the world is <U+2764><U+263A>
Missing the Hirshhorn event due to feeling like poo :-(
#SWAGG <3 tyler you made my night :] haha , follow back ? and btw dont listen to haters. we love you <3
who is this about..
He had a bag of laundry and garments from the dry cleaners. Drooling on him would not have gone over well.
im about to get on my terpsy ab workout shit it be having my abs right deadass
AWESOME! I loved Tell Me back in the day. Glad to see u all are making music again!
More and more of my friends in the US are working for Google now. They seem to be expanding big time.
Even though Austin doesn't live in Texas anymore, I'm still going to see you!(:
Yes, it is.
Dancing with the Stars is ruining Quiet Riot's "Come on Feel the Noise. Why am I watching this?
I wanted six on that drive..
Texas has a fast lane for the death penalty, which fits into classical theory.
#OneDay everyone will hear our songs on the radio.
I wanted to be joe!
Kiss my ass :(
90 Lynch Bages (2of2). Flavors open slowly. Patience is rewarded by layers of intense cedar, spice, loam, currant, pencil lead 95 pts
I most definitely will! She'll be here Friday morn -Tuesday night.
Have you noticed the new fitness center upgrades? It will be complete by the end of the month and will look fantastic for you!
You're not even gonna rest on the Sabbath? Ha!
were gonna be at 6th street and Nueces during SXSW!
haha what u drink?
There will be 4 men at church today. Why? - it's the accepted answer to the question: what do you want to do today dad? Happy father's day!
Cleveland was the 22nd AND the 24th President. He's everybody's favorite two-non-consecutive-term President!!
Nice to know I'm not alone! I always imagine that scene when I find one and subsequently rush it to freezer storage.
And I was not your fault, but mine. And it was your heart on the line. I already fucked it up this time, didn't I, my dear?
But you miss my cookies and love! tee hee miss you! xo
Scappoose woman being held under 14 million in bail for allegations of horrendous sex abuse with children. kgw at six.
RT Made dinner, now I'm kickin it with and ! // good meal too.. Chef Davis!!!
sweet love.all time favorite.
I'll probably put a trimmed-down free version out at some point after the next release (more features coming eventually).
It's intense! Goin great. Thx, RG! : have a great day at auditions Jim!
#Meekings, Under Fishbone Clouds. Wonderful 1st novel follows Chinese couple thru the 20th century, from the perspective of the Kitchen God.
Going to bed now. Goodnight, keep your head up strong and smile. :-)
RT : bouncing down the masters for this EP. Looks like it's finally done
I wish I were going to the Trop later for the opening game </3 :( that's #myteam !
Org of the Week | Equality Illinois: Secure, protect and defend EQUAL RIGHTS for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people in Illinois
in jamica queens and ready to take my mind off this stress!
So bummed to have missed last night at #NAM11 due to flight cancellations. Here now though!
Excited & nervous! Game day is finally here!
when i tweet a celebrity, mays well talk to myself. it's not like they would notice by how many mentions they get. pahah xD
You can talk all you like. Facts kill your weak argument. What's the number? Where's that lawyer of yours?
Great post, Tom. Very timely for a project I am working on.
omg #BLOCKIVERSARY so much fun, so much love, so many good friends, and so many good times.
Creative, passionate, interesting, dedicated educators at NJEA!! Thank a teacher today.Thumballs all over NJ next wk makin learning fun
valentine's day is coming, wish everyone has a nice day....
If you're in a management position please learn spelling and grammar.
#Fact real nerds prefer graph paper to any other paper out there.
Did i just make the jv cheerleading
hahah yes ma'am!
Accent Mod? Take our FREE, no-obligation test, where one of our expert staff members will review your accent and let you know how accent...
Thanks Monica! Congratulations to you as well :)
Ok at the barbershop so my byz can get a fresh cut then its off to the movies.....tomorrow I'm not g28Ls2
Apparently ready to be hit by flying urine and feces. Hope they have face shields.
Great news everyone! We are nationally releasing our E.P. To iTunes next week! Thank you Jesus!
He is the sweetest guy ever
lml me 2 I'm tired.!! Summer move ur ass and hurry the f**k up -.-
Sutter reminds me of Jeebs from Men In Black.
First EMS call of the year for me and i delivered a baby. Im screwed
sorry I'm not familiar with that name.
Good morning :)
Brothers don't shake hands, brothers gotta hug.
Latin night legooo!!!
I ordered something I thought would be "small". It's bigger than my head.
Well - 'officially' in about 5 Hours ;) But YOU've got it already!
I just found out that he's been spotted around Belleview and Broadway. Headed there to search. It's supposed to freeze tonight.
lamenting the end of my cataloging internship in two weeks. I will miss playing library!
none missed me :(
why didn't u tell me the big game season 2 is online!!!!?!?!?!?!?!
keep doing it ;)
I really hope my daughter is picked for the Disney tv casting.....praying
*new boyfriend* Friends: "awhh! your so cute together!" My bestfriend: "NAME YOUR BABY AFTER ME!"
Only in Memphis, lol
Dont forget the costume contest on the 30. In costume gets ya 10% off. Did we mention the free 1 hr massage? See you Sunday! Happy Halloween
its ok things happen
See, now that makes sense to me. The "don't use it!" school seems like it's trying to hold off entropy. Which is a doomed mission.
posting at the crib with my bff shifted who tryna kick it this weekend .
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEVIN J!
Who else got a fucking ticket on hook today!?
is tom kenny dead or alive,
Love this Sunday - a celebration of the miracle of Christ, that the soul springs eternal and the birth of higher consciousness for mankind!
I need a 24 hour fitness card
Is this a customer experience that you'd actually use?
After Hours Blog : What to Do Tonight: October 18
Thank you! I'm loving that mixtape. Her full album is supposed to drop next month.
It's resurrection wknd! Get ready for a new you - Forgive, Forget & Move Forward! Your best days begin at the cross.
Exhale Dakota filling in? “: Sorry to report that Breathe Carolina not doing a full set tonight due to illness #pbodyroof”
Haters are just jealous because they can't be more flawless and more talented than Demi is, they're jealous 'cause she's amazing.
What a comeback!! Again, thank you Marmol!!
what do you think boys should say to a girl if they think she is pretty? Use sexy, or beautiful?
safe flight to
Lots of Girl Scouts visiting the Capitol office today. Happy 100th anniversary, ! I'm proud to be one!
Think I had these b4
Looking forward to Furman U. joining #InCommon in January. Federated identity now part of our Single Signon strategy. Lots to do next year.
Do you have any signings coming soon?
Why is twitter saving tweets in drafts on my phone?
A good cigar is like a beautiful chick with a great body who also knows the American League box scores.
Put beans on for a chili soup snow stew!
I haven't really felt like tweeting lately. >.<
People who are in a fortunate position always attribute virtue to what makes them so happy. - John Kenneth Galbraith
Hope you all have a great new year in 2011!
OK Just making sure
A sense of humor is a major defense against minor troubles. Mignon McLaughlin
It's spring break for most of the high schools in our area, so the game slate is relatively thin. Picks up in earnest the following week.
They said Aries and Cancer are a good match!! :-) I need a Cancer.
We're living the dream, dudes!
Good point.Thanks.
Hooking up wit cold summers alittle later working on some new shittttt for the mixtape. Shouts too rob legend, king kryst & lil e. #leaning!
You a Champ!!
I know, so exciting! :) RT yes.. winter time finally
Its all happening!!!!
RT : Reminder: Daylight Saving in the US is on Nov 6 @ 2am. Make sure to fallback with another
There's no such thing as over-cooking! It looks lovely, by the way.
as the camera pans to Tomlin. Tomlin looks into cam & says is that enough man ... that's enough , watch the game. Jerk !
I just put on my #Carolina Blue T-shirt & shorts to support my #TARHEELS ... And to workout
if I retweeted you quoting me that would be a little too meta right?
wrote the book on .NET/DB w/ several poker refs:
Randomly met the NZ ambassador today when we returned his deputy's missing dog
Do it up, brother!
60 degrees in Denver? What...
your not banished is lol
Can't wait for the new seasons of Dexter, Suits and Wilfred.
Ok. What the F is up with everyone in the theater for Hunger Games taking SO MANY PICTURES WITH THEIR FLASH ON!?!?!?!! Stop it! Stop it now!
Wow. I forgot about that. So tall it would require FAA lights. RT or the 500 ft. cross?
Lately no one gets me. Is that my fault or theirs?
Having #toppers and watching the #Badgers, feel like I just rewound my life 10 years. The wife, child and mortgage bring me back to reality.
The wheels of my mind grind slow, but exeedingly slow.
privacy settings are cleaner then with fb, and the interface is not as cluttered. it might be worth checking out.
Cool! But what grownup can look at those and not want one of his or her own?
I'm 80% sure that 'Christus factus est' translated to choral english means "wall of sound". This according to Anton Bruckner.
Hello, Twitter. I'm back!
RIP Maurice Sendak. You showed the world that there's a wild thing in all of us.
Many thx to Dolores at for going above & beyond to help! Grt cust svc! This is why we're loyal
I couldn't decide whether to reply here or on fb so I will on both! THANK YOU!!!!!!!! I LOOOOOOOOOVVVVVVEEEEE IT!
it is so you doug...did you wear your mood ring?
Another great day to do some photography
she has personal beef with tony lucca, she just won't admit it.
RT : Excited to watch the #Mizzou football game today, then listen to the game<-- Isn't our kicker awesome?!
Has he ever asked you a random question? Like about something you would have zero knowledge on?
When my #stepmom looks for ways to make me feel imperfect
Generally for Westerners, China = lack of compassion, lack of sensitivity to human life, raging economic threat. Media feeds this.
I can come over around 5:30 I have to go to church at 4 so thats the earliest I can get there
I had the time of my life fighting dragons with you...oh #taylorswift!!
yeah I guess you got a point lol
theres more than miles in my rear view :/
Happy 32nd anniversary to my parents!
So tempted to buy a ticket to see Florence this Wednesday in Houston on craigslist…but I'll hold off in hopes for an ACL appearance.
after countless attempts, I FINALLY got my KCCO t-shirt order in from FTW!
Great team win tonight. Pirates had to overcome Marlins and their own manager.
Not understanding your email newsletter about UUID's (and the problem). Can you send more detailed information?
Relationships are just those who we choose to "process" with...
amazing show last night produced by the even more amazing ! Aspiring artist needs to follow these two!
Headed to the airport.
meetup tonight at OPEN MiKE. Find out what Dabble is, hear about 3 new startups and eat free pizza! Join us!...
But I grew up near Highland Park zoo, and eating at Dels in Bloomfield.
who do you want to win???
what else would you expect?
call me asap
he is though!!!
and Zimmerman is free?
Me? Jealous of you? Lmfao. Ooh Honey, bless your heart.
thanks brother....that's why you find me on the FA UrT CTF server on occasion; I'm usually trying to distract from the pain :-)
amen tommy.
Just finished a commercial audition this morning and off to the set at 130 for more stand in work, what a beautiful day !!
#nbaAllStar Wow & the rest of the performers tonite. Killed it!!!!
Review: The Avengers - Crave Online
Buyers market - opportunity knocks. Tax credits, abundance of well priced inventory, and good interest rates = perfect buyer opportunity
thanks very much man!
I used to think it was weird how many people were religious, then I noticed how many people believe and trust in the internet.
When someone asks you, how's it going, you can say, "A corpse has begun to sprout."
McGarry: Madden has been a prophet about evaluating effectiveness of programs, thankfully he's no longer in the wilderness.
the only road he's ever known.
not this month! Sworry :((
just finished my last final EVER, off the store for some quality beer, best part = its not even 11am yet
ppl just runnin their mouths.. you know how it goes... You can relate with my experiences lmao
teacher: "it follows evrytime" daisha: "every damn time!" lmao u silly.
Baldridge: mobile blended learning - all the time, everywhere learning.
Mothers Day shopping, my Amex just burst into flames!
yep! The Ron Swanson print should be in the mail soon. The Steve Nash will be sent at the end of our campaign. Congrats!
I want to see more Ed!
no. But I know for a fact you shook up that bottle of ginger ale before I opened it
Anyone wanna talk before i go to bed?
Santa baby, just slip a snowflake under the tree, for me.
Georgia, USA
Obama's trampelling on religious rights exposes his political extremism. He consistently acts like a dictator, ignoring the Constituion.
If I reply to an email with Tout that didn't originate as a Tout email, will it become a Touted email with Live Feed info?
Thanks so much!!! :)
Im done with my twitter, nobody is social on here.
not much bord out
Thank u baby RT : love ya avi!
Good eyeball Granderson
S/O to my new followers! #nfb 8)
well we would go to the movies, play in the water and whatever else you wanted :D
RT : Amazingly beautiful day in the #WillametteValley #Oregon!
Two weeks ago Macy's this week Bloomingdales. It seems Customers no longer count.. Had a problem with these retailers. Let me know How SAD.
Great game
please re tweet this it would mean so much to me your my idol it would mean so much more if you followed me or even replied
Our president is less compassionate & progressive than he is calculated.
Ikr they can fight in public not online
So proud of you - great year and cant wait for next year to be even better! Perseverance, Passion, and Patience! =)
We are escalating our investment activities. We are in the flow, the zone!
THIS. NEVER. GETS. OLD.
What's dumb about it?
A belated HAPPY BIRTHDAY , so happy to celebrate with you!
Back in Houston
thought it was a werewolf? lol
I love the deal. Bogut cannot be depended on due to health. Ellis is great scorer. Bucks also add athletic shotblockers.
RT "Culture eats strategy for lunch" CEO about creating culture for diverse boards
SPURS BIG BABY!
That's actually quite funny.... and disturbing....
Don't make me get all death metal ona b*tch
I am a stress free bride to be! We're heading down to Puerto Rico at the end of the month to finalize plans. How are you doing?
Congrats to Meek Mills for havin 2.7 million downloads on his mixtape in two days!!! Cant hate on dat , thats wtf im talkin bout
Follow your heart with no doubt. If it's right, you'll succeed. If it's wrong, you'll learn.
We all are! RT : Still a great season #Aztecs! I'm proud to be an #AztecforLife!
Poised Creation has met many great folks in Charlotte! We would like to thank you for your support!
I use this Ester-C and Iloe it!
Truth! RT : Now to go to sleep until the cat wakes me at some random point in the night to go outside.
An early #ff for Gillie and Blue Moon Lighting. Follow if you like awesomeness.
YES!!!!! RT : "If you look at me you won't see the girl I used to be cause she's so gone." ~ Lemonade Mouth
- Thank you for following me - I look forward to your tweets!
hey just got my cast off, so im pretty ICONic today. How are you? please follow me?(: 3
WHAT UP MR BOOBONIC...2012 ITS SEAUX-OVER..S/O MAJOR FLAVOR RECORDS, LUCY, FRESHY,AMIGO, J.THOMAS, N.D.O ENT...
Special session scheduled for Monday. Anyone have questions about the session?
What is sleep?
i;m not talking about chicago but KY is just horses, horse poop, and lube! :P
your account just sent me spam from tinyurl. I would change my password if I were u. I think ur twitter is hacked there bud.
Clare Booth Luce~ Lying increases the creative faculties expands the ego and lessens the frictions of social contacts.
haha! Yep! Thanks Jason! Hope to see you and soon!
agreed! Even the colors are faded and boring.
iPhone 4 FAIL. ugh. to the apple store i go.
We're open until MIDNIGHT tonight!!!!
I kinda see you as the teen who sat in her bedroom and read Jane Austen and Sylvia Plath and fiddled with electro-things
RT I've got an off hours #ROR project -can work remote -for the next 3 mo's. 10-20/hrs a week.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA BENKER! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
i love you
Sammy who?!
#mpb2b Great point about the time involved to nurture an active B2B web community:Anyone have example of how to justify the time/cost?
sour as day anywho ; time to do this work 11 more days :D
What of those who are willing to learn?
so YOU talkin back, victoria better get her baby!!
awe, thank you so much!! I think so too. Austin & Alex are such cuties.
I think I gained 10 pounds from eating too much Swiss chocolate. Yikes (but so worth it)!
The studio is now ready for pre registering classes come stop by 650 montgomery street
Thanks College Station for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
I missed the radio call, how can I listen to it?
Yeah, I'd love to see more. Keep me updated!
thanks for following! Looking forward to hearing more from you.
That awkward moment when he said he could do better...then you see him with that Crypt Keeper lookin hoe and realize, he couldn't.
Got the CD in the Mail today - playing Michelangelo's at 1 Broadway - 8pm.
Athletes lift weights, Cheerleaders lift athletes.
O's WIN! #oriolesmagic feel it happen! O R I O L E S! Magic Magic Magic Magic.... something magic happens.
has the best tweets:-)
wait...WHAT jack ass thing did i do? miss??
Finally getting a much needed break from school to train for Wimbledon with
Milk is so fucking disgusting
RT if you only TWEETED because you were on the toilet and Tweeting & realized you were doing it? :D
The Difference Between Success & Failure is The Planning...
Secret to weight loss? Cottage cheese.
LOVE that place. Always a cast of characters every time I go in there. Employees included.
“: Cheating is a choice, not a mistake.” except if the 1 u cheated with a LAME!
A post #vday dinner would be nice too! RT Men of SD it's too late to book for Valentine's Day, they are booked!
At the crib...movie time then KO time!
RT : Get your ?s in now for today. Joining us will be &
This is almost as bad as my ill-fated "Who said it: Nietzsche or Charlie Sheen?" at last year.
Have a great weekend! Let your light shine.
Downloaded handout from this morning's #wiley2012 lecture straight to my iPad; didn't kill a tree
To another state. Where no one has ever heard of me. Oh.
I finally understand from an emotional point of view how people feel when a loved one gets shot!
Awesome! Well we can definitely vouch for all the Chicago companies up so far. More to come soon, too! :)
Why'd I know I was gonna fuk this up as usual wat I say never comes out right
you saw me on my wedding day ? Lmfao
Quite the time saver actually. They were going to cancel it anyway, right at the point when the story got good.
going pretty good trying to establish a network
Happy birthday kenny . (:
*Le moving on*
u seemed up set during you performance tonight, are u ok? I hope u are <3
Fact: It's harder to win a Super Bowl when not stealing other team's defensive signals. Pats 0-2 since SpyGate.
nothing from Milwaukee or Madison yet
Just ordered the Magic Trackpad and battery charger it's tough being an Apple Fanboy!
What's with all the nukes? Haven't we established as a globe that they're bad for everyone?! Come on, world leaders, put your dicks away.
Follow Ohio State grad
so they're not gonna sign or trade for anybody? That is just ignorant! Depth at RB is important.
Thanks for being a loyal customer. Email and we can send you a coupon! Have a Peachy Day!
Glad to see you guys on Twitter and thanks for the follow. You make the best donuts ever!
I make the best cake ever.
A HUGE congratulations to and for leading the local arts community to victory -- getting funding for local DC artists!!
It's official. When I finally get my own place, two of the most crucial ingredients will be: a puppy and a piano.
13 coneys for $13 special at #skyline in honor of Friday 13th. I ate 2. I love Skyline but not THAT much.
great advice, in 90 degree heat! Men can go commando, so can we ;)
i did the same back
Press X to Jason.
r we going to shoot for michigan?
I'll pass.
Will ratings be higher for Daytona 500 tonight than they would have been yesterday? New audience will be available.
Hello I am better than your ex,fresher than your next ;)
I will be there :)
You are awesome sir!!!!! (sometimes a little cheering goes a long long way!!!) Company is VirtualOvationTV ( )
Everything is false, until noted.
When the song like a virgin comes on when your at a club & your like the only one dancing (;
I will always be me.. will you accept that
my niece showed me her Oldify app. is there a Handsomize or Beautify app to make our photos look better?
I changed my mind lol
as a visitor, I've been disappointed before w q's that don't mean anything. Ask so what to comment books.
are you awake
I know! & its 81 degrees. Doesn't feel like Tennessee. These winds are even crazier than Oklahoma winds and that says a lot.:/
Headed to the airport. So long Miami! Till next time! Djing at Hudson and Richs Afterhours tonight!
off to find my arch nemesis… the F train…
yes, plus monsters and pick-axes.
Seriously greys anatomy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Boot Camp tomorrow morning!!!!!!! Wahooooooo!!!!!
That! Will set you apart! RT : A1: Use social media in addition to face-to-face networking to boost your brand
Alright, time to get a few beers in me before the Coldplay concert at the Rose Garden tonight :-D!
we will add you next time sorry
South Philly in the house!! Specifically, my house! RT : And I'm off to #spsphilly. Anyone else staying in South Philly? ;-)
do they get the news in San Diego
Oh My goodness I Hear Prodigy ! (: I Must be Hallucinating B/c I see him and Hear His Sexy ass Voice (; ! Ahh.ustream was a good invention
The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed.
it felt like it.
1000 Tweets, sucka. Hope the blog this twitter account killed is happy with itself.
#efchat Which skills did you have to master that don't come naturally? We've discussed networking, time management etc
Brandon Davies suspended for having consensual sex? I am speechless - speechless.
Nice cool morning for a 6 mile run with some good company!
Happy #listeningto Wednesday! What #music are you checking out right now?
I wish I had someone to chill with but I dont feel like chilling with anybody if that makes since
Why did Ybarra incorrectly say in field sobriety test that she had been drinking at Boneheadz? "It was just a state of shock."
The only 3 things a guy should wanna change about his girl is her last name, her address and her viewpoint on men.
just gave me a neck rub
Great morning my tweeties #amazing day to you all
what's up bro ?
Check out the slideshow in the International Connections Lounge featuring photos UofA students have taken while abroad!
Not to sure how to use "< or > " someone help
Baltimore real estate agents you may want to call Billy Cubdiff's house. He may be looking to move.
happy birthday hun! love and miss you so much! will always be your #1 supporter! enjoy today<3 see you soon!
however, if the viability of a tissue is completely dependent on its internal physical attachment to a viable being, it isn't life
I have more dreams than you have posters of your favorite teams.
now call me to all your promo pics :-) !!!!
having a good time?
that girl is sooososososoooooooooooo mad
Looking forward to Wildcat basketball this year! I have a feeling it's going to be an exciting year with our new coach on board!
I asked for your book and got it. Can't wait to read it further than the sample!.. Merry Christmas!!!
thank u
TY4Tweet - we are so close ...
Never fold under pressha, hold it together
(4 the nxt tme U're ready 2 gve up on the world)Conor Grennan's Volunteer Trip To Nepal Turns Into A Life Of Service www.huffingtonpost.com
okay, andd may i have your skypee?
It's lunch time folks! Just in time bc I'm parched and starving! Stop by a #Bartab venue and grab a bite to eat with your $1 drink!
-- I *am* Greek and I don't understand it. Well, I understand food and cursing.
Yes sir - was a long project, but I've got to give props to for producing it! They're awesome!
Makes sense, will check out your work. Last bit on proprioception was esp interesting; I think a lot about capturing physicality.
i just want to know and her to know me i want to be friends with her but shr gets so many tweets she never sees mine (Sad)
Is anyone else not feeling the +1 button love?
#365 Days of #Liberty-4/5/1989: The 8-year ban on Poland's Solidarity is lifted. Free elections planned. via
"Cloverfield" was a pretty rad monster flick. I know, it's like a year old. Whatever! I Netflix'd it, and it was clever. Points 4 that!
i love yall we had some good times that bond will be with us forever and ever more
70% of the success of Youtube, Twitter, Facebook, etc. is from being exposed to content you wouldn't normally choose to run across.
RIGHT RIGHT. SO HOW ARE YOU?.
Using #iknoitsreal and #YOLO for no reason your over doing it
Forget the bad things, remember the good things.
The second one in the series is pure recipes..the 1st one is to make you hungry
pop . Well now I'm gonna be bored !
I have an idea to pass your way… coffee next week?
you need to cheer up haha
Don't forget to follow to get all the latest updates about our Annual Conference in June!
Hey Melanic. would you still be interested in doing your poetry piece at my event on Dec.3rd @ IUPUI?
because again, we didn't want to make him sit at home and do nothing.
thank you honey - it was a great day with SebJac
Cooking breakfast at Seacliff State Beach. Annual pass paying off already!
In the worst pain ever <U+E403><U+E421>
Finally I'm done cooking for
Hey now don't be like that u know u love him LOL
Can't get caught slippin'.
i hope everything is ok with your dad! <3
If you believe you can, you probably can. If you believe you won't, you most assuredly won't.
Just finished colonial lanes...good crowd...good bowling...good times ;) thanx to the bands and fans!
bootlegs by some of the guys in the band.
done and done
My mom bothers me so badly when my sister is not here.
these flashing lights!!!!!
As if you need another reason to hate Mickelson, he wears a watch while he plays. Got someplace to be Phil??
Finish strong! “: 1 more final and then it's over.”
But now it's gonna be a long day, and even a longer night.
If your going to cheat do it on your paper not your partner.
I've been in the dentist waiting room for going on 55 min. I don't think ice cream will fix this one.
My #Instagram followers are going to hate me today. Bored.
lol idk what work is lol I need a J.O.B. Jock off buddy lol I'm gonna hit the gym then lake
I Don't Dick Ride Or Ride The Wagon , I'm Just Saying Lakers Ass & The Heat The Best Team !
Demaryius Thomas led the NFL in receiving yards in last six games! WITH TIM TEBOW throwing.
Long long long. lol RT he was taking the long route.
Adele, Civil Wars & Foo Fighters @ Grammys! Now on vh1 while getting ready is a Gary Clark Jr video. Maybe music biz isn't all plastic.
you rock!
'Cause I know I'm losing my time, and I don't mind
Join me and my friends Mark Jackson and at Lincoln Center for a screening of our film Today 3/6 at 8pm.
At #SXSW networking and making pals with and - man knows his burgers and beer.
hopefully elwood staffing can find me a job. got an interview on tuesday!
OMG bout ready to go the f*ck off on ppl these ni**as think the the sh*t
Earthquakes are so cool
Brian Scalabrine is ESPN's #449 ranked player out of 500. All players after him should give up basketball.
Last minute tickets to game today.
Ah!!! We're kindred spirits<33
Best year yet.... not enough forward motion???
king missile then oasis. Thank you for rocking my trip from merriam to downtown.
James just told me that he doesn't think that the Water Jet Pack is a tax write off... does anyone want to go in on it with me?
Yep! I will be starting after Memorial Day at the Archdiocese of Atlanta.
Additional "Rondo should stop passing out of layups" comment here.
definitely smart & hot!
I know you mad but so what, wish you best of luck.....
Gallery Night pick: 's senior show at MIAD
this has been a great series so far. Every game could've gone either way, and 2nite is no exception.
i will work the the billing issue. will give you update
Heading to #California to attend the #CLTA Conference this weekend. #Teachers, come find out how Aspire can customize ur programs abroad!
Over 20 k people have hopped on the luvella train, come take a look at my newest vid, it's meant to be and join the club :) kellieluvella.tv
#drakequote all my girls 504 need to drop it right now need to drop it right now can you back it up then stop
because it isn't getting any airflow being trapped between your head and pillow lol
If you got feet problems, I feel bad for you son, I got 99 problems but toe fungus ain't one.
I believe in God as I believe that the Sun has risen, not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.
Thanks for the RT! Have a great week.
Damn i can smell my step daddy smoking all the way in my room -_-
Was Rickie Weeks' injury a blessing in disguise?
oh okay. Well I can come. I love running :)
Nah man, don't sweat it!
What the hell are you talking about? By your standard NGA, which supported the Union, is "the North."
RT : I got 2 more spots for performances at Scratched Up...hit me up ... Show is Feb 12
And now I'm getting rained on for the walk of shame back to the house. What a fuckin' day.
\m/ for Red Promo!
Thanks for tweeting during our webcast. Much appreciated!
Silicon Valley Code Camp + a some others... Do you have any suggestions?
Bacon Lollis: ridiculously addictive. RT : :-D They really are that good. Thx for helping me impress my friend.
Yay! I'm gonna start using twitter again! Haha :3
I'm guessing u wanna be my new txtn buddy
#TallWomanAppreciationDay no doubt
Head hurting hella bad so im bout to get n tha showa eat then go bak to sleep
Lighter moment in #Seattle council chambers says giving women the vote a rare example of perfect legislation.
Sexxiest Swagg Model Search DON'T MISS OUT for a chance to win a Trip 2 Vegas !!!! Hosted by (Contact Lena for more details)
I MADE JESUS WALK SO I'M NOT GOING TO HELL. KANYE WEST
Hey Trisha! Love your site, be sure to check out :)
Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over. -F. Scott Fitzgerald
& that's why your kids are called the "light of your life." No matter what, your baby's smile can brighten even the darkest day
Happy #MarylandDay to all my Terps. Weird to not be working. But in a good way.
Picking a fight with the parking authority wasn't a good idea.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -Winston Churchill
m...coffee
She says she doesn't care but her heart is screaming out a different story.
plenty of eye candy..lol
you're supposed to bring out the best of each other... not the worst.
My Way
Creating not Destroying
A big thanks to Troy and the crew at for providing drinks at our first #MongoDB Meetup last month. Hey #Developers, Round 2?
hope everything works out for , tough dude and #NYJ aren't complete without him
Or I'll stay in A-Sociological-A, A-Studies-A, and MLA! Just need grant 4 fees!
When yhu kiss up to yhur parents bc yhu wanna do something that weekend
I just took a quiz called "Which Celeb Do These Feet Belong To" and I got 100% and now I'm going to jump to my death.
Marlboro Pike at Brooks Dr - VEHICLE FIRE reported
#dtc354 university of death @ pullman campus was great w/ the grad students. played the detective side and made it to the end. woo hoo!
Thanks for RT'ing the message!
ive never heard of it. What is it about. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
at Steve's east side this Thur night! Come getcha groove on!
Here let me just upload a picture of me tanning half naked
how do they get the letters on/off?
Random thought : how come the week seems boring after a holiday
o yea! I'm nosey too! Smh!
-smiles back-
I don't remember that movie well enough -- was that guy always asleep? If so, then yes.
yea man I'm actually in Orlando right now.came down to find an apartment..we need to meet up if you have time nxt week
#WordsThatDescribeMe - Freaking Awesome, Best Friend, Good Guy, The Best Ever!
Well, last night I searched on using tweetdeck. I left her name in the search que.
WHO IS THAT WOMAN?
thank you guys i enjoyed my birthday despite my terrible sickness.haha.rap loves you
A-freaking MEN RT u have to accept not everyone is going to love u back.....that's why it's most important to love yourself
oh no! What did you do?
aww youre so sweet! Thank you, and same to you!! :) x
Thinking of buying a house that has a (what looks to be) a small or or just getting started colony of #termites. Should I walk?
thanks girl! Im just trying to get on your level of fierce!!
Cool, I always wanted one. Don't feed after midnight, right?
Florence's cap hit, according to , would have been $4.9 million in 2012.
you were pulling for the GIANTS?! I lost total respect for you but it's okay cause your cute. Hahaha just kidding(;
We would play chess and life.
Steve! Saw you on Shark Tank and can't stop talking about u to friends! You are HILARIOUS and a BRILLIANT salesman!
Moms just pissed me TF off!!!! Dnt wanna stay here tonight!! Is leaving
We're super excited too. Will try to send you some pics, great idea!
You are simple as hell man. LOL
#conahec was great today great speakers like et al Eyeopening!
Congrats to for getting drafted 7th overall to Tri-City Storm!!!
Night twitter! Goin 2 bed. Gotta work in the morn. Hope everyone has a wonderful night! :-)
You can't play someone that's retired from the game
Oh, Mr. Romney, you saved the Olympics? That's cool...our President is trying to save the moral integrity of our nation...
I function better going to sleep later ..
Sister got me for my fork <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
What was the item?
Ovation Award for HR Excellence - Large Employer - Caterpillar Building Construction Products Division
In my experience, a Puppy Bowl is impractical. Too much friction to slide and the wrong shape to roll.
Coming home again To retaste the sunrise walk: Bowl of green sencha.
Thanks for the RT :)
i love you twistan
Making mockups all day......maybe its time to hire an intern
sorry but this is the first time I see a tweet from :)
Okay I definitely will. So watcha up to?
Wow. Funniest night of my entire life!
Greatness has never been delivered on a silver platter. It only comes through "blood, sweat, and tears".
TAKE HER AND RUN. it's a her right?
The camera can photograph thought. ~Dirk Bogarde
*makes some tea in my travel mug, and grabs a couple of granola bars, grapes and a candy bar.Goes out back door, heading past barn to woods*
Can I just get naked and walk the streets without getting in trouble by the law?
Ora take a picture!!!
Guys I am using Jimmy Carter to get me followers.
first paycheck
UCSDs Prisk warning abt risks of inhaled lunar dust. Devil you can see not as dangerous as devil you cant. Subo flights can study
I think the real problem w/TV is that it creates overweight kids. Part of prob is parents don't let them play outside.
Happy Birthday my dear Luke Benward<3
there ya go!!!
it's what we do. Keep on teaching
Trying on your wedding dress would probably be a good way to measure your successes with #HCG. It would also be FUN! :)
man, egotrip's cinco de mayo covers is classic article of writing lol!!
Why doesn't any team want Howard then?
I've never dislikes someone as much as I do my mom. #harshbuttrue. Can't wait for college.
lol I just seen this you are silly
Gay Jesus is upset (furiously emailing) about the new desk phones that we wont be getting for another 2 wks. Simmah down naw sistah!
Thank you to everyone who entered!! We will be announcing the winner soon! Stay tuned!!
Black Sheep's back, ALL RIGHT. RT : Flock your body right. RT : Everybodayyyy.
makin it hard for us to talk then smh lol
check your direct messages. I think your account has been hacked
I wont forget thanks!! Xoxoxo ...
Cap killed Nixon, Jacko tried to buy Spidey
Absolutely. Glad you're digging it so far! Let's get together in the new year.
There's music in different adjectives. Use them!
Organizing a scavenger hunt for adults is a lot of work! #dirtythirty #party planning
Steve Blake prolly feelin like Billy Cundiff, who missed that field goal kick during nfl playoffs.
Dear #allergies, GO AWAY.
Happy Friday !!!
Aww...thanks girlie!! YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL YOURSELF
You're not alone. I was actually just telling my girlfriend earlier how much I strangely love that song ha
Lol, no one cares. Freshmen don't need heat if we didn't.
why would you be mad at justin?x
makes me smile
BACK TO THE EDITING ROOM
Happy #EarthDay everyone!
I definitely will have fun. I'm so excited!
Learning about the intrinsic impact of art and #newbeans right now. More to come....
*virtual hug* sent your way :)
Good luck to all Presidents Cup this weekend. We'll be watching!
A lot of my students thought it was strange at first. Some still do, but they also find it also holds their attention.
Wow, this GOP crowd is absolutely rabid tonight about blacks, poor people and foodstamps. On MLK day too.
What a wonderful day! Vonavi Photography! Captured lots of perfect moments <U+E022>
So sweet, so deep, so real, ooowee, that's some powerful stuff, ohh!....
We're actually on Wango Tango! Do u know what Wango Tango is? :)
which one's your fave?
Hey, guess what. My friends go to the same high school that you went too!
On the Second day of Christmas my favorite piercing shop gave to me... free emu oil with every piercing! (offer valid today only)
#mlbfc Physically cheering on the at The Yard:)
If he does, we can go all hipster and say we liked before he got big.
Gibbs had visited the #Badgers this spring Illinois lands Cass Tech DT Kenton Gibbs
I'm back!
I Like The Video
my tweets are fun stuff, to make people laugh. I am not JMoneyMakk, dont for get about the "J" Robby. And i love the ladys!
That's a damn shame! These broads are too damn old 4 that nonsense.
omg donated tubs of yummy frosting for our #MKEfoodies cookie decorating table tomorrow. SO nice. Thanks!
Do not use any silicone-based anti-soil treatments on carpet produced.
see you guys there!
your stupid
sorry /: I can't tweet much tonight /:
Stuck in traffic
I am sad that there is no more 30 Rock ever now.
Is this the 2nd verse of soft kitty?
at one point, people got more exercise as a matter of course because they walked/biked/took transit.
Totally agree! Lots of people writing and not teaching. RT MFAs should push students to look past teaching.
im a horny bitxh right now
Am I the only one who feels bad changing 94.9? -___-
Looking forward to voting tomorrow morning and then welcoming my very best friend to Baltimore in the evening!
Don't Stop... Don't Give Up !!
I drove past Meijer to see two ppl getting arrested and sitting on the curb! Then I saw a guy take a pic like look at these dumbasses lol
no! He will be missed.
RT "God, bless America" used to be a prayer of humble dependence on God, now it's treated as a presumptuous declaration
my ass. you are so easily distracted <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>
Much love to for tonight's #glee ep! Beautiful performance!
Please dont let sing during this recap! lol
*golf clap*
You cannot live a perfect day without doing something for someone who wil never be able to repay you.
Hell naw, she said im in here like swim wear.
Tweet Tweet, haha :)
Was really cool to meet on plane and learn about her cross platform running project. Have a safe flight to Brisbane.
WOW! Thanks for the shout out! We always make time for our fans/friends! LV to all.
follow back!!
do you accept debit cards? I'm like a block away feenin
doesn't make for good tv to say kids cheat to move to other schools instead of where they are supposed to go.
Thank you for all the memories, u were awesome to watch. Thx for everything off the field too. Good luck w your future endeavors.
He would have made a perfect Jace *Pouts*
asked Siri what the weather looked like, she said "get off your lazy ass and go to a window" :(
Ima Start A Riot !
Every time I see Dan Marino, I can't help but think of Ace Ventura Pet Detective!
waiting on more news on Iran while talking to Mercury...
Timmmbberrrrrr... big tree down-right lane southbound 163. Go that way to get to the airport be careful - should be clear by 5:00 AM.
you went out in it???
nw puff puff pass
It's a Blow Pop kind of day.
I'm so angry, you don't trash talk CYNDI LAUPER, OK???? Don't Cry No more isn't lame, but if you get sing it better, lemme hear it.
Mikey you seem pretty hyper and excited.....!
yeah buddy!
lol are u going to the fight? I should have given you money to bet for me
he's always said its fiction but based on his life.... Whatever that means haha
We wondered why you were sending us junk! Good luck fixing the problem. Ugh.
YES how cool would that be?
Perhaps, someone mentioned that when rocket & different explosive tests are happening, it can unfortunately can cause shakes 2
PICK ME PICK ME!?!
Manduka mat prize will be announced at 1:40 this Saturday at Centennial Park! Join us! www.getactiveyogatour.com
I GOT THAT LAST WEEK :O
Anything and everything is a better love story than Twilight.
help spread the word. Trojan son of missing Fox Exec.
I know, I know, had to run. Who pitches us? Was it funny? I really wanted to do BombFell.
What if the pirates could put up numbers like the pens
who's Darren Anthony that fly sh-t and b-tches joint is hot he got anymore tracks?
wanna follow me?
that it is. I am on the episode after the head on the turtle explodes
and Thanks for the follow and happy 2012! :)
I love that my #christian husband downloads #atheist audiobooks for me when I can't figure out how. He's the best!
Wilt the stilt original headband hooper
It is expected. Tell her to make you some egg rolls or something.
The Dilemma was a pretty funny bromantic comedy.
Follow back please?
You bet.
You're amazing <3
No rush- you should probably be studying :)
The subliminal messages contain me typing PLAY BETFAIR POKER AND You will be Attractive each other tweet. I don’t do it.
follows us! Say What?!
#DEFCON Strategic cyber security talk, IP v6 improves security by reducing anonymity. Interesting concept.
The lightening and thunder tonight over Austin are amazing! Loving all this rain.
what kind of horse were u riding
Let your past make you better, not bitter
Great class today. The kiddies loved doing commericals! What big hams; my babies!
how beautiful
Happy B-Day
Entertainment Art Gallery Listings: April 29, 2012 - Enterprise-Record
#petpeeve when the people behind you in church won't stop talking...like seriously why did you even come?
what are the odds on Mayweather vs Lederman?
thanks man.....love the new Avi!
On "The Reality Check", said he's ready to take on all challengers in debate over O's PA job. Names were named.
like me
would love to see peyton in az
Listen to your body- when you're tired, take a break. Mental, physical, and spiritual breaks are all necessary for a healthy life.
Lunch/Dinner with #Mother. Everyday, every week, every month an every year is Mother Day for here! ;-)
Any night that starts with blue label is a good one !
Text me... Pretty please. With sugar and chocolate and whipped cream and a cherry on top. :)
Got me thinkin bout better days :)
Clare Coleman, CEO Nat'l Family Planning Health Care Assoc.: Title X grants are competitive, awarded through fair process.
did you have a nice birthday? :)
Presentation at #LTNY day 3 about "Creating an Information Advantage" - with & team from Motorola - 10:30 Rendezvous BR
well lucky for us we have Axiom.. oh, wait. Phppppt! ;)
#9 Red Carpet Club "right now" on the Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
cute. RT : RT : The conference so nice, they hashtagged it twice.
Post journal examples along with a rubric to guide students at the beginning of the course
Honey Honey us up first at woo Hoo banjo playing red dress wearing chick and 3 dudes
Bet is hating sitting out but its what is best. Her teammate got it handled!
Thank a nurse today; it's National Nurse Week. Thank you to all the nurses
hell yeah member when she did the splits and popped it
lady antebellum, jason aldean, and some other ones. I know u going to drake! Lol
lucky!! it's still cold in Chicago! brr! And the rain D: lol how's everything?
I think there is a time in everyone's life where they just STOP typing like a dumbass & start using grammar.
So true. RT : Few things can get your users to hate you faster than a poorly-executed redesign.
lol I bet no one notice I was in my own backround
never underestimate the power of chocolate milk.
Baltimore? cool for them
Off to pleasant hill!
i know my people be tripped out when answer my phone saying hey boo
Times up! #scriptsprint ;)
love kids but hate taking care of them
Check out our "Monsoon Mania" sale! 25% off all white and glassware!
Welcome to Dmitry Nechaev official Facebook Music page!
Rev Theory concert tonight!!!! Can't wait!!!!!
Nice dominating win! Rooting for the #PackerNation tonight?
Don't tell anyone, but I just snuck in late to the first session at
I caved and put on my winter coat this morning. Hello spring?
Everyone should try Dining in the Dark .. It was so awesome!! Great experience... Love living in Hawaii .. Sunshine & waves for all 8-)
Its our world, its just is two.
Blue eyeliner on you is amazing! I'm gonna call it GuyLiner.
Thanks for the very nice review of my new book on Amazon
Ewww, do share! : Thinking out of the box tonight in planning the holiday season. I just had a brilliant idea...
I can't wait till #TheWalkingDead comes back!
Sandi!! Thank you for your pledge!
is that a snapback you have on in your avi!!!!!!
lol! Nice try... Mums the word till Sunday night... :)
Count the garden by the flowers, never by the leaves that fall. Count your life with smiles and not the tears that roll --love
Bc it reminds you of Emperor Palpatine from #StarWars, right? I'm w ya. #80sKid RT : I don't like the word "palpate."
I think the #NFL needs to rethink the #NFLDraft & how info gets out. At times, knew the pick via Twitter 2-8 minutes b4 Goodell announced.
Not emotionally or mentally prepared for this....
just keeping an eye out
Timeout on the floor. The #Aztecs are trailing the Rams 10-13 with 11:20 left in the half.
please tell L.A. didn't win in the .4 year (2004) they lost to Detroit ...I said this two weeks ago :/
Musicians speak out against Village Voice Media&#39;s classifieds site linked to child prostitution
No doubt. We'll get at you offline.
Hair be jacked up nails be chewed off eye brows be non existant and make up be drag queenish! Smh women these days
just started to discover your story, becoming a big fan!
retweet it pastor
Yeah I get a 50% discount at foster now so its nice
yay! thank goodness you're working with me now I missed you too much before
I think it was. I had a bad paper cut, but it's healed!
Learned the Starbucks card-stealing wanker from last week is someone in the building, other cards found & returned today. Including stamps!
help with wedding, check twitter, help with wedding, check twitter...check twitter...check twitter...
All this funk this morning gonna make me go home and pull out the Bootsy Albums...lol Bass is talking with that funky Twah pedal boy!
So excited so see , , and tonight at !
Its a good thing I know how to play a little DE. The swim move is coming in handy on the Strip...
Touched by seeing King family walking with Obamas along the wall, through the Mountain of Dispair and to the Stone of Hope.
O.K., I can deal with the Bruins. But please, Flyers, can we do things a little easier this year?
and followed you all through the years. As an avid animal lover, it's a great thing to see. Donations to causes such as yours is
Huge fire in Salem at the "Old Fairview Training Center". Luckily the building was vacant. But flames are incredible!
So pretty sure I going to make some #chocolatechipcookies right now...
I'd never pay for ISACA CACS Btw. I'm volunteering and free is hard to beat. Not a bad event but talks are FUD-heavy and low-tech
If I was paid minimum wage for all the time I spend on my theatre work, I could live comfortably for the rest of my life Anyone else
Who is ready for Sunday!?!
Exciting news!! We got our press kit ready and should be playing regional shows in the near future.
lol i wonder how much those cats get paid for being in the rotation
Her credentials check out?
Amen, this is currently my life's "motto." RT " I just seriously don't get it"
Hell yeah
Ha ha!! That is fuckin dumb!!
yes academic freedom includes naps why else would I be in this profession?
hey Vicki, have you checked out my app ? It does EXACTLY this - Common Core in the cloud :)
Congrats to the Foo Fighters on their Grammy win! It was an honor to serve them this weekend!
hammer time
is my lil bother but he is a big asshole
i know i love it!!! i wonder if it tastes good?
When people start to ask too many questions about the wedding I panic. So with less than 2 months left I am panicking.
I received a new line of black hair products in the mail today to review. The line focuses on scalp health for good hair.
Haven't decided yet. Probably going to pick something up. But it won't be as good as that lasagna was. M.
Thanks to everyone who joined in on the excellent convo tonight!
We all have different palates and preferred styles of beers...and it's ok.
Follow these folks, they rock!
get off you phone. you are in school!! :)
I cant wait for summer drive in movies!!
I already miss you like crazy, best friend! I love you! Your gunna have the best dress at prom btw! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
Almost time for polo, lacoste and LRG. Heard it might hit the 90 this weekend.
Your SOO cute.
Jazz Fest, but With Food on the Big Stage - New York Times (blog)
But she doesn't care--she thinks Wakefield a victim of Big Pharma conspiracy and can't be convinced otherwise.
thanks for the follow back my fb buddy. :)
enjoying the strobe lights in the newsroom
First pumpkin spiced latte of the season. It really is the little things.... well, the big things are really nice too.
We could have all gone different ways but god just works in mysterious ways
Paradox M has a new option for advertisers who want to include text messages in their marketing plans. We offer tailored cost per message,…
So u aren't a the field?
You know you got a awsome girlfriend when she makes you a sandwhich after sex. :-)
Pre-Patriot Sunday 4/15 - early show with , Eric Salt & The Electric CIty and !
Of course, the ECB should have expanded monetarily, but this is different than "Germany paying".
ironically the only thing I can say in my Amy Winehouse voice is "you need to get your shit together"
Good first period but get ready for the Flyers to come out swinging in the second.
See Graffiti? Capture it!
Suggestion – Fifth, Business contacts and audience looks in your eyes, the clearer your eyes the more attractive you will be perceived.
its absolutely ridiculous!!! that thang is THICK
Happy Thanksgiving!
Ugh..emotionally tired AF...
I get to go to Sandy Lake tomorrow!! Yay!!
apparently the Wave Pool isn't invited?
10 hours to go. Are you getting excited yet?
plus call me sometime. I'm here
Limited Edition "SNO" Shirt Coming Soon!!! Stay tuned, w.Snoclothing.com
Any suggestions for Elmhurst's animation/graphic novel collection? Almost done with my collection development recommendations.
I need a never ending bag of weed.
Flight is delayed in Philly because catering failed to show up
Making the case for Change: The world is changing. Kids are using social technologies. No one is teaching them.
If a kiss were a second, Id send u hours. If smiles were water, Id send u the sea. If love was a person Id send u me. iloveyou
Do you like Chicago? I've got some people to recommend ...
Thankful for seesters who come to my house to p/u stuff to take to storage while I'm at work.
yeah we play Carolina first preseason game
Brittain Resort Management Announces New 2012 Packages and Partners - MarketWatch (press release)
wont u stop complaining and come sit on my face..
Happy bday! You're exactly 12 days older than me.
Definitely. They'll make things exciting this season for sure.
man feel good this morning
Don't give to get, give to inspire others to give.
If you ask someone how they do then please wait listen to their reply who knows you might learn something valuable or could save their life
FaceBook I messaged u .
And the crazy thing is, you weren't even man enough to face me.
they're Blackhawks helmets :-)
Close friends hating on me really tryna play me out
Finished Tobias Wolff's "Our Story Begins" today. Diving into the collected works of Flannery O'Connor next.
having fun learning about Pepper - does it / do you provide digital archiving (sites, data, etc) or is that in the clients' house?
I am now a V.I.P. (very important pretzel-lover) at #AuntieAnnes and I'm gonna be just flooded with pretzel perks. #whatdidyoudotoday?
..Hey..Just found this page. Didn't know I had messages.. Not a very good tweeter I guess. Hope you enjoying your day
It's also an obligation.
Aww, that makes me miss living in Mt. Pleasant and drinking hastily chilled wine on the stoop.
I call it fate... ha! Actually, I was stalking the WormholeRiders following list to see more Gate peeps and saw your name! Holla!
I cannot believe he missed the field goal!
THIS IS A TRUE STATEMENT LOL ": Everybody I know from Lansing is weird."
did it say like someone is spreading hateful rumors about you? thats what all mine said....
Coughing can STOP anytime now.
Im tired but nnot sleepy.
thanks for that link to that job I got a interview toma. :-)
I got so much swag i could prolly lend you some ;)
Good golly miss molly.
There's nothing more fun and refreshing than a dip in Lake Hefner and a few snapshots in our digital photobooth!
Whataburger .... the place where they know your problems!
The next 2 Fridays are gunna be amazing!!:))
Try my best to please you but you act as if you don't need me
haha it's okay, the tweet actually did come through but maybe got lost in twitterland!;)
Elie Wiesel: "When law is corrupt, it is a disaster" -- praises "you who use the law for moral reasons"
Would you compromise your health to save a buck?
Hahaha what's wrong with being a news junkie? (Although I know the answer to that)
Very nice! I love Vince Platero...I have a few pieces of his that I purchased at #palmstrading!! I love them!!
Wheels down at DCA - in town to celebrate the induction of the 2011 National Heritage Fellows #NEAHeritage ceremony tonight. Will be great.
First seat mate= retiree.... Oh well. No interesting stories this go round I guess.
A great season and a deep run in the #NIT . Nothing to sneeze at, . We were honored to host you at the !
Omgawd. I cried seeing Rob & Big when mom dyrdek says goodbye to him & they both cried. Omgawd. :') <333 :D I love rob.& drama ;)
Yes. My gmail has not been smooth sailing today. Hopefully it is because they are adding some cool new features--optimism!
how about blue polenta??
Looking forward to seeing #PinkRibbonsInc tonight at I'll be sure to do some live-tweeting. Thank you, !
all white bricks
Visiting my myspace page, checking the old thing out, maybe I will do a quick blog, man I need to do another video soon.
May the Lord protect me as the world gets hectic
You shouldn't have to be someone else to get people to like you. Me personally? I'd rather be hated for who I am, then loved for who I'm not
"I'm thinking Arby's!" - Modern Jesus choosing last supper.
Currently working for Cuban sensation , William Levy . On Dancing with the Stars . Tune in , ABC every Monday at 8 pm
Don't forget we are still closed today. We will open tomorrow at 8am! See you then!
Everytime something happens in Houston my sister gets all worried and ish
“If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough.” - Albert Einstein
A Perfect Saturday Night
more on the non-existent Icelandic military; we found oil 2 weeks ago - we better arm up :)
Justin Bieber's networth is 120 million. Most of his haters work at wal-mart.
Drinking Lady Grey tea and eating hummus while making IKEA Swedish meatballs. #hungryhipster?
#wcphilly #day2 Most important part of a #wordcamp dev session: snacks and sodas.
Ha! Thanks!
I had like 7 calf cramps in a row last night... It was horrible. I'm afraid to go o sleep o.o
Great, how are you? :)
haha lucky we have seen ATL to but we cant on the 9th cause its really far and no one wants to drive us
Cheers to Wednesday! Busy day so far with calls! Baltimore event photography this evening and excited to be on the move.
., : To stay in my good graces, give us #Yankees Saturday—not #Twins. Triple-A link meaningless—#ROC is #NYY country!
I'm intrigued - what book?
": It's common to be attracted to someone physically, but its rare to have a mental connection with someone nowadays..."
In study gall with Tanesha
Those awkward positions you find comfortable during long car rides...
Stitches out today!! :D
Just had a blessed nap...
New Victorious Tomorrow!! Who's Tuning In? (: xx
How come Matt Lewis and John Clark aren't a comedy team? Chris Putro could be Pocahontas
If a Memphian sees one snowflake hit the ground, they think a snowmageddon has happened!
I still LOVE it.
Toxic Exposure to Ionizing Radiation or Agent Orange | ONS Connect
Mango Languages means NO STINKIN' vendor proprietary plugins to support for clients only Flash.
I hate not being able to fall back asleep
Sorry to have missed you while you were in town - hope to see you and Mike soon
": The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said - Peter Drucker"
I bet... Me too! And your in my 100th tweet right now haha
#wewontworkout if you choose partying over me
happy anniversary! #Baltimore's a better place because of it.
God my step-sister is stupid <U+E414>
oh Matt lol u know we love u
: SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT! TUNE IN to TOMORROW 5/3 +see my son +the WORLD PREMIERE video STAY AWHILE! RT RT!
Hi Sarah. Bought your furniture theme. Dying to crack it but Im new. Can you recommend anyone? Thx.
tire just blew on the way to work...
Records Governance Analyst opportunity available in Oklahoma City Energy Company! Email me at
Hey, can I have this account? You aren't using it much - it's my friend's nickname. May I buy it from you as a christmas present?
great! You coming out tonight?
my first fave book
Tip #2: Kindle Books for Libraries: Read on your Kindle App using "Deliver to:" and selecting App from your Amazon Account.
You still gon come to the game tonight thou? I am too bro.
AMEN! :D
Can we just keep the bench in?
Wanna produce my music? :D
The email address directory you have pinned to your wall
Not registering...
"Broke is normal. Why be normal?" Ramsey
shit like this ain't planned out, lol so bitch what are you doing?
really considering deleting my twitter bc it's a big distraction
Which is worse for the environment, eating from "dead tree" paper plates, or ceramic/glass/china plates, which are cleaned using detergents?
Ready to See My Arkansas Razorbacks take down #12 Florida!! BUD WALTON will be Rockin Go HOGS Go!!
Thank you :)
Happy B day to my main man Philly Phil
RT July 28 is National Milk Chocolate Day.<----- Just FYI
¡Feliz Cinco de Mayo y'all!
NO WORKING sounds really nice.......
WOO were chillen in the summer no doubt :)
'Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.' Lao Tzu ~mariageminded~
WE HAVE LIL WAYNE'S CLOTHING LINE TRUNK FIT IN STOCK COME GET IT WHILE SUPPLIES LAST!!!!
I just have so much damn anger inside me
well I'll still be on the lookout while driving by drivethrus
First day of writing #WestTexasInterlude - 5 months of research have come to an end, no excuses, must put words to paper. Wish me luck...
CANT WAIT TO HIT UP #4DUB&GP FOR THIS BLOCK PARTY 2MORROW WE GONNA BE
Correct! Pls DM your address so we can send the tix to you. RT : James Darrell Edwards I
Funny you should mention #gallatin, I'm working on a Gallatin wig and bald pate today for an interpreter in Virginia!
Awww.... Thank you!! Very sweet. :)
I mainly hated band because of
great site. Looking for kids fitness 4 all seasons. www.kidexerciser.com can help.
better than some Black Flag bars
Get your dance on tonight ! $1 bombs till midnight & $2 bear drafts all night
It's a lilll to much
Congrats about all the stride. Keep doin your thing ;o)
B4 growth can take place, faith+,B4 we can step up to the next level in our faith and prayer life,we’ve got 2B honest w/ourselves & with God
Can't even sleep -_- I'm being forced to go to school in the morn too, I can't even function.
A1: candidates see resume different than recruiters and hiring, can convince themselves they are a fit
Weird. We just made a NF video on the West Memphis Three and Peter Jackson announces a new doc called "West Of Memphis"...
Thank you ! RT
Excited to now be working for Five Star Publications! www.fivestarpublications.com
Wow. Bleach ruined itself by continuing even after it should have ended for this tiny little battle?!?
#SOMLRT That disappointing moment when even the weirdest kid in school has a gf/bf, and you are still forever alone.
Runs runs runs runs! You want it? You got it! Serving up runs for yinz!
Hey there, good to meet you!
RT Great job Lady Generals, you fought literally until the last second.
Why is it that Jon Stewart is hosting nat'l interview w/ nobel peace prize winner - Leymah Gbowee?
me too me too!!
-- yes but I am dangerous with these new tools...
Cool! It'll be good to see you again. :3
Last time I looked at personal insurance was in early 2000s. Offerings have prob gotten much better by now.
sometimes the more you know about people..... the less you want to know them.
Listening to with the hubby
Wolverines scored a touchdown 17-6 vs V Tech
. PLEASE ALERT RIDERS on disabled MAX train situation. Some of us are stuck in the Wash Park tunnel wondering. I came up for service.
Funny boy
HA! Sadly, it's accurate, but it doesn't address the biggest reasons: crippling student loans and abysmal job prospects.
Put your seatbelt on.
Oops, you forgot Ponder.
excited to chk it out! Ty for the mention
haha okay :D
it's bizarroworld where men are the experts on women's bodies & needs?
are you working with the JCB Droid yet?
Not good. I'm sorry to hear that :( I guess they figured out you couldn't drive, eh? You need the #NFB car!
Girl... It was slapn and I got cut..im pissed about that..i swear it was some bs when I walked in...
Praying that people become more conscious of how precious our water is and how we need to work together so that everyone has what they need.
Omg unblocked Internet!
Babee! Yeah ill come this week or sum:)
the thing about that though...I already knew that....
I'm from Germany but I live in Newport News
Always sunny in Philly
Apparently, I'm now doing Pinterest.
havent had it. May have to pick that up
Told my students to not depend on their teachers ... to depend on themselves, long term.
I'm so happy that I was able to see my Jeannie and my Sharhonda today!
Great I have a coupon :)
i make the best french toast :3 <3
Japanese rock bands?????<3
just looked way past gay
Did something to make ME happy, just once, and now I'm getting punished for it. This is why people pleasers never change.
Kicking off #PCUS day 2 at Looking forward to a wide range of #4profit discussions inc. mobile, retention, & student success!
Our staff is going to the live show in Richmond tonight. Join us there, or in the other gazillion places it's showing
RT : A government open source software foundation is proposed! Woot!
get at me dude, got somethin cookin...
Eh, in my opinion the the NHL needs to take a page from the NBA / NFL & do more to protect stars.
never mind - he put the fork in the drop box o_O
Grab $16 worth of Armistice merch for $10! Grab a tshirt and get a bunch of stuff free! www.armisticemerch.bigcartel.com Thank you guys!
hehe... I recently had to replace my commuter bag due to about ten years of that.
me either! :)
San Antonio: Today and tomorrow AM patchy drizzle, otherwise m/cloudy and breezy. Today: AM drizzle, M/cloudy and breezy, high 84.
Good call, Drew.
Happy birthday !!! (You look absolutely fabulous for 244)
lmao im *cough cough* big daddie
Frozen gyoza win.
Merrrp, i guess i should go to sleep. Stupid FCAT.
is fake. is the real thing.
Holla at Me Boys!
Eating at da Malt House!!
I think I really need to tweet moree...
Regular patron said reason they came to our lib & not one 5 miles down road was our friendly, smart staff.
I can give you the # of my homeopathic doctor in Redmond:) No stomach aches are allowed this summer, except from rollercoasters!
Planning on attending ? We have some exciting new projects to show off! Will we be seeing you on May 7th? Let us know today!
Live and let live
I wish I could just have one day where I don't have to worry about anything and just have fun.
I want to thank everyone for coming out to the #1000StrongforTrayvonMartin rally at Goulds Park.We had over 2000 supporters in attendance!
Yes the Rams won! Elite 8! :)
I heard u on Youtube & loved it. Do u have contact info I can have to reach out? Would like to further discuss your career!
Oh good call!
for an hour
The LAPD collected 1,673 firearms this weekend during the city's gun buy-back program, according to Mayor 's office.
I think Davis and Jones r gone 4 sure MKG lamb and Teague I'm not so sure of
ohi'm so sorry
I <3 that we have 2 warehouses ... From Cali to Kansas :)
Got yelled at by guys while I was pumping gas... Yeah cuz yelling skeet skeet gets all the girls
get in shape. Need a pass rusher
That's what you get when you let your heart win.
Happy Birthday to my main man JESUS ! I don't know what'd I do without my strong beliefs in you <U+E32A><U+E335><U+E41D><U+E04E>
Is very content with going to see a live play tonight instead of watching the Oscars!
Big thanks to the entire cast of NYC. You were all just magnificent today! I couldn't have been prouder!
Thank you :) I hope to get out on the patio more this summer :)
3 Mo Dayz Till Boy In Detention Drop!. Cant Wait!. Lbs
LOL! Glad you rested up for round 2! RT : had me sleep in til noon..felt great tho! Bak @ it tonight
I've got a song in my head. Of course, it's a Chris Rock song. PROBABLY shouldn't sing it at work.
Im that one chic who got it bad eit adding smiley an sad faces after all of my phrases....lol
Met the nicest lady on flight one out of SGF. Doris was so kind. Wishing her best of luck with new SGF church groundbreaking in August.
37.5 hours and counting....oh, yeah, and 8 more pages to write....can't wait for this semester to end.
lol shut up
Who has updated their background to work with the #NewTwitter?
Like a good neighbor, Statefarm is there with the world's smallest violin and a binky for Heat fans.
definitely going to the flash mob! I am so freakin excited :D
Hey Atl Go see Hooded Fang tommorow Awesome Band!
so anyways, when I was and walking home from school and made a wrong turn...
raised $900. I'm stoked. We were at the press pit for foster the people. they were insane. barely got out alive!
Cool! Thanks for letting me know.
i thought jon was exaggerating about it blocking people as an excuse to block people. it really does.
& im hungry... oh yeah attitude fashoo
I think it's time for a haircut, just saying. I mean a true fan would be open to you about everything its time for a haircut
Hey David, Twitter just informed me that you/your tweet account was saying real bad things about me. Hacker or you? Thanks.
Great authors I follow..., , get a lot from their Tweets and insights into
Third spam I've received in the past 24 hours from friends who work for zynga wanting me to try this game or that
Interesting, why Malcolm? #JustCurious...RT : Malcolm X
or they're putting on a show for the viewers.
#5borobash heading to 5borobash you guys still at murphys?
Hola Mi Amigo!!
Oh Okay :)
asian food from saturday night is just now entering my body. so. ima go vomit in a few minutes bye.
I wanna be like Edna when I grow up.
Suffice it to say: when I'm sitting on stage in my tux, I am not the least bit offended by an audience member wearing jeans.
Brotherhood of the traveling breifs.....
Interesting live tweeting of debate with Gail Dines and from from earlier today
Haters come with painted faces trying to clown on me knowing they are under me trying to talk down on me,
and what i got is the feelin im always in a dream.. i was born, then i blinked and i was seventeen
Took a breastfeeding class Mon. Teacher told us we should cheer baby's poopy diapers to build self esteem. She's the 1% we should protest.
Bitch please. My straightner is hotter than you.
List is finished for this year but I can add those to next year's considerations. Class Connect is cool.
naw I'm not, I'm just going w. the winning team lol.
It gets more far fetched as the series progresses, almost to the point of ridiculous. I liked Jack :)
that's not a problem!
Who ACTUALLY drops deucage in a port-o-potty??
The universe was on my side today. Thanks dude.
DeJesus can do it all... grand slam and amazing catch in the 7th!
so true. then there's sales guy in the head who can't pass up the opportunity to take just one more call.
yes but i don't know a lot about it I'm still learning
Yes, I do. I don't buy that #highered isn't compulsory these days--prereq for social mobility.
I appreciate that.
send videos :p
was poppin bra
I know it's the anti-cool, but I still love, love, love "Rollin' With Kid n' Play." Gets me going in the morning ...
I knew my pastor tweeps would have some experience with this. I should have asked 24 hours earlier. Thanks
Whats up man? I really like that track!
One more Monday left of school.
getting a block 1/2 TV width x 3" of stuck frozen "noise" pixels in upper left of TV. HD/SD/DVR - but not TV xbox is fine.
I just lost
Bitches gonna bitch.
Fiinalllyy home from LA ;D
I want a nose job so bad!! :(
I was ready before being ready was cool.
Almost done with my Johnson / Rasselas presentation: going through the slides with portraits and getting the eyes all on one line.
Waiting for my burger...
This bed feels too good right now
We are here at #remaxR4 ready for the morning classes to get underway and for another wonderful day with the family.
fine with mee.
Oh geez, strange brew is on the netflix. My night is planned.
Twitter is back!!!! Where did you go??
I wish was like, downstairs in my building.
When I say a lot of people tweetin about the game tonight #whatimreallysaying is stop tweetin about the game, we got eyes!
39,002 crowd at the XBox Pitch at CenturyLink Field. Not bad on a Wednesday night.
Check out the fan page to win tickets for an Honeymoon!
Wow. Didn't expect that, honestly.
Scientists found new fault line running under Washington DC. Named it Bush's Fault!
Whoa, she's feeding me cod liver oil. Guess I'm getting the complete grandma experience.
oh yeah! haha ;D
Happy Pesach! All can observe a time of spring cleaning internal and external. What do you Need, what do you Like and What is Excess?
Did I retweet when I meant to reply? Yes, I did! But what I really wanted to do is say THANKS! See you next week.
Ending the night with a smile on my face. :]
Rumor has it....
GEN George S. Patton Jr
Dick Clark is gone??? I really can't imagine the 1800's without him!
I can bring you the "Houston: It's Worth It" book if you let me know where to drop it off.
Fast & furious
You too Dot! It is absolutely gorgeous out today, sunny and warm weather! How about there?
Walked into 's party and a gent stuck his hand out: "!" he yelled. "Yes!" I should've said
Hahaha damn right! I just love food.... I'm recovering fat kid :( lol
Brew City Bombshells return tonight for another night of dancing, music and glitter! Show starts at 10pm, tickets $10 or $7 in costume
His body has not caught up
Thanks for the follow guys!!!
fantastic!!! Keep on flyin'!!!
It’s great to see that so many of you are coming in to improve your wellness. Why is massage therapy important to you?
A chance of rain in #palmsprings. Where am I, back in
Ah I dnt want to wake up at 4am tomorrow
Cleaning up
OH HELL YEAH. We always do. ^_~
That last one is one of the coolest pictures I've ever seen.
a happy woman is magnetic :) so blessed
Given the "advise & consult" mission of this meeting, wondering how to expose twitter stream that I suspect is hidden to many
i wont stop until i prove myself and #Redeem myself !!!!!! #IAmTheCHAMPION !! LOL
RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON <3
i cany do nothing *george lopez voice*
Hey #Seattle! We are offering a FREE 15 minute Acupuncture consultation for anyone who checks in on Foursquare, stop by today to schedule :)
great photo! love the clouds!
Tonight we're hangin' with live from Studio 10. Yea boy!
Can finally see the thumbnail photos on TweetDeck. What caused this glorious change? Using the same computer....?
So excited to announce the launch of Renee Rhyner & Co SHOP.Amazing photos,posters,books and more bit.ly/w2cPd1
"Our culture peculiarly honors the act of blaming, which it takes as the sign of virtue and intellect." ~Lionel Trilling
Apparently an Ice Cream ad I did a few yrs ago is up in Canada. If anybody happens to see it, please tweet a pic of it! :) thank you
Oh Amy Winehouse <3 I love you.
Different types of wine are paired with different chocolates such as dark, semi-sweet, bitter, milk and white chocolate
Effective key words, subject lines, on-page and long tail content -- what the search engine is looking for.
Watching the Marquette v Murray St game. The venue in Louisville is the "KFC Yum! Center". Seriously?
beach day in puerto rico?
Oh my, those eyes.
Probably. I need to read up on it, but seriously the bees dying is one of the animal issues that makes me worry.
Phillip Phillips is the sign of the downfall of American society.
I'm feeling lucky.
noo i havent got it switched yet :((
Antiques, Art & Collectibles since 1957. In Whittier, CA Awesome stuff and a Rhino head for the Kitchen!!!
Happy Birthday love!!!! Hope it's wonderful!
u won't have to save me one when I'll be there eating them!!!
thanks for the #follow guys!
Anybody wanna play a game? Q&A for a follow back? Q&A for a shoutout?
Is there a way to BLOCK someone on #Instagram ???? I must know. It's blocking time.
well I'm available if u need me let me know
$ 495-DENIM SOFA,SECTIONALS,DINING TABLES,BEDROOM SETS, UNCREDIBEL PRICES.. HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
10 News will be at our Hillcrest branch tomorrow at 11am
Do you think you can order Olive Garden to-go? I want overpriced, mediocre Italian food. But I hate feeling like family with strangers.
#NewYear - #1 The Right to Act in Ways that Promote Your Dignity & Self Respect as Long as Others Rights are not violated in the Process!
So many posers at this school
One thing I did notice was that I have no interest in seeing any of the films previewed before #TheAvengers, not even Bats or Spidey.
Sunday cleaning and writing before Marley and Thrones. Please stay forever and don't end, Sunday.
Thanks! I have a multi-week campaign running. Trying some engagement techniques...
Like a cut down tree grows new sprouts from the buried roots, our American roots are deeper than the little sprouts showing
WOW! Hafner Smoked that ball!!! All tied up!
Absolutely weeing trying to have a conversation with my deaf grandad!
Guys, if you see any articles or posts supporting Shumpert, Faried, etc for ROY, send them my way.
In moderation:/
I thought the Muppets was very funny. Not what I expected.
it's time... for the percolator
The gym didnt work so good for me today. But I made myself get in an hour cuz fat & happy isn't working' for me either.
After a long Faculty Board meeting this afternoon, The Shins' new album is the perfect chaser.
This is how we're getting to our goal! : take over the top/45 more followers means $75K City O PDX fund 2 put...
I love money but unlike most, I gues, I love when it comes from my own wallet.
R.I.P. Dick Clark
19 days till the start of the most Amazing Year!!!
Interview: ‘Silent House’ Directors on Elizabeth Olsen & the ‘One-Shot’ Controversy via
Then foolish I am.. coming from the guy who thought Roethlisberger was a bust, but thats a diff story for another time
I got irritated when this girl asked me what 240+120 +120 was . ....
what about AJ^2? A-J-squared
So proud of you baby girl!!
Meals are more enjoyable when you make it yourself. Homemade fried rice ftw!
Graduation gift to myself = pre-ordering Valtari on vinyl with beautiful artwork.
Woke up late , and I look a mess . This monday is already not working out .
Anyone out there using #google+ ? I can't wait to check it out--Love social networking!
s beard kills 99.1% of germs. The other,1% is submitted to cleaning and grooming his beard.
RT : #dearfuturehusband I love good sex- it comes wen u look in the right places #hinthint lol
Smoke so much good I don't even have a bad side
I'm an eagle scout I'm always prepared ;)
machine gun Most popular Airsoft Machine Gun auctions !
the one by my house
Cenar un hot dog one Malteada watch TV and going to sleep Tomorrow school in the afternoon my father of new in the house yeaha what day
LOVE it! RT : You will be in my gift guide for RT : Welcome ! We love working w/ you!
stop treating these hoes like ladies , & stop treating these ladies like hoes !
One day I'm gonna make the worlds biggest cake. And I'll be real greedy ain't NO ONE Can get a piece but me and I'm special
Have your dad call our front office in the morning! 585-423-2900.
Thank you so much for all you great hard work! Thanks for being a great Bronco you will truly be missed. God Bless.
Those increases altogether is how many hours would that give to a library, hours at pool, # of sidewalk repairs & so forth?
I do NOT like pulp. Under ANY circumstances.
Cops: Woman faked pregnancy, beat mom with tire iron to steal baby - WBTV
Hey look! Its :-) EVERYONES best friend :D
great advice! it's amazing what you learn about the profession and YOURSELF in those!
They might have more $ for their shaming campaigns but there are more of us! We just need to get involved in the discussion!
Thanks Bubba! Ask and ye shall receive. :) See you at Mullens!
LOL I told jess I head that place is good but she won't trust sushi off of 4th ave ;)
Thank you.
Am I the only one not watching the Golden Globes? I've probably watched 10+ eps of HIMYM today... Man, I need to leave the house.
HAPPY BD!! Have a wonderful day!
Re: Cybertut - wish we could get that sort of cool stuff here, but St. Louis is decidedly paleo-Indian & 1904 World's Fair.
TruTV RT : what sd channel is the game on!?
Tank top/flip flop weather! #finally!
Sprint became 30min for me. My 3 yr old needed lunch. Back @ it ASAP!
love your work!
It took a special request but are actually playing #DMB. My lucky day!
I live outside of Baltimore as in Maryland. But that's okay I am still a big fan. <3<3<3
just think what we could do if we were working together again. Oh the possibilities.
I'm sorry but ew. I love when my friends send me a pic of someone looking ugly haha. Makes me feel good. :)
Serious withdrawals right now!! haha Hang out soon PLEASE!!!!! xx
Art without or javi
hey studs.
Nba playoffs tonight
Pattison! no N! you are thinking of vampire boyfriends
cool. And no party in atl. Just one, may 12th here :(
Lucky you <huge> sigh of relief!
This is a test tweet. Please ignore.
#livegive i have never used curlers cause i dont know how to use them! For one im not that smart i need somethin simple! lol
Nice to meet you yesterday Sara! Still can't get over 12,000 words in a day!
Can't wait to check it out!!
miss you too
Big thanks to all the Red Space goers who attended last night! It was a great opening.
And still ain't finished .
Gettin' my hair did.... Then finding as I'm thinking #FreeConeDay is an excellent lunching idea.
I wish I could watch every sponge bob square pants episode right now.
Girl you got that bomb
#FF love to Team BS Come back to Massachusetts soon!
"One flat foot on the devils wing" - Rob Zombie
If it meant that I could take a nap, I would totally get into a fist fight with Hillary Swank circa Million Dollar Baby
its goin to be impossible to get "Free marco " trending
I Beet Right Now Texting Her Saying The Same Shit You Told Me , But Idc Cause I Heard It First
who thinks we should just drop the song already?
Follow back?Please?It would make my day if you did! Huge fan..PLEASE!!!
Hope you had a lovely Birthday!
Damn Rangers go up 1-0 on Washington
Sitting on the Beach Never Gets Old...#BeachLife ....
Please Please Please ask THOUSAND TIMES Follow me Answer me or I love you too #Believe Love you my lovee!!!!!!
is zayn on your account? lololol
Postin back on da block again.
If you've received a strange barrage of e-mail from us this p.m., MANY apologies. Server/tech issues beyond our control. Working on it!
Feeling the effects of 28 hrs of work over a two day span! Welcome to mgmt during inventory week!
Three arrests last night, but still not as bad as I thought it was going to be. Sleep, wake up, long cycle and TRX, then diner out w/ Lynda
wondering if it's possible to sustain the frequency of blogging that I've done for the past week.
between the 2, yes. I told ya at lunch you should PR your stuff there too.
here comes a 3 run dinger.
Royalty Im ready fro your interview on my show CHOP SHOP RADIO...WWW.CHOPSHOPSA.COM
: is there a system problem today? Unable to add any sections to a new proposal.
your tweet made me do an Irish car bomb. Thanks.
I don't want to leave you with the wrong impression; I'm *glad* our national pastime is baseball instead of the caber toss.
sweet! See you then!
Tonight is #preschool #graduation. 26 students from our preschool program will be moving on to #elementaryschool. Congratulations!
All is ready for next Satudays openings. Reynolds John Deere just delivered the diesel gator that is used for set up and tear down
Van Jones, liberal activist and former White House Green Jobs special advisor, to host GOTV festival in Milwaukee's Washington Park on Sat.
Pretty sure the movie #JohnCarter is based on a true story
":Definition of stupid: Knowing the truth, seeing the truth, but still believing the lies." I have to deal with a person like this
Oh yeah, im sure after a week that boy loves you for your personality. Now pull up your shirt sweetheat, your "personalities" are showing.
I'm visiting Sewanee in Tennessee tomorrow, and hopefully Wesleyan in CT in a couple of weeks. But my #1 is Georgetown
You're a genius! Thank you, Cooper!
Is every going to possibly be on #GossipGirl?!?! Thatd be so cool! Have gossip girl finally be revealed & take back her spot
your website isn't working?
sounds like a plan to me - DM me with info and I will contact you.
Sad!! Memphis could have stepped up better??
Can you follow me? :)
Just fell a little bit in love with 's maps of historical photos
No, he's not dead. Can't be. He hit him with a stick.
good story but wish you went deeper into MM's preliminary hearing testimony where he said he did NOT get into details with Joe
haha what an original excuse o_O it's on my Facebook page silly! Well let's get you there! Lol
Omni Royal New Orleans will start extensive renovations as of May 15th, 2012
2 schools of thought: Bring me a #GinAnd7. Do it
Follow this dude !
As I waited my turn to be rescued. I laid my head down in my hands. I wondered the fate of the women. That we knew who did not have a man.
I shared my instagram pic and her instagram name and twitter handle are different lol
hey you! happy friday!
Merry Christmas!!
A big thanks to those that have contributed to our cause! Please continue to show your support & help bring music ed to at-risk youth!
Have you tried whole wheat pasta? Hard to tell the diff. RT : Q3 Would love for my family to eat more whole grains.
my son graduated from the Carlson School of Management at the University of Minnesota yesterday. Congrats TJ ! - I'm a proud papa...
awesome! We hope you'll like it!
Ain't Nothing To Do...I Wish 9:55 Would Hurry Up !!!!
I'll still to my trusty ball-point!
u don't olive in la
no NYC trip in there?
finna get ready n take some pictures for my mixtape cover
my culture is the way I dance!
Best show on TV RT Just turned on
ahahaha I couldn't remember who used it!
Why can't everything ever just balance?
The Knack My Sharona 45 played at 33rpm sounds like Nirvana's Bleach
thanks for live Tweeting from
Blasting wayne.. On my way to school
Where's the onion article about the Catholic Church 's pre-recognition of Obama's Sainthood? Where, I ask?
Have a great time! :)
bout to 08 Louie dis INSTRUMENTAL
Wish I could see it! There's fog in #Norfolk, VA RT : Supermoon is super awesome.
Ferris Bueller as an adult? He actually changed his name a few years back to Kim Dotcom.
Hello chloe moretz reply to me please you are so cool and i think you are the best actress ever you will pasd up them all (:
Lastly… Investing pickup line from : “Baby, you make my interest rates rise.” Thanks, —entertaining stuff! :-)
You were awesome in last night's episode, Mr. West. As usual.
Why isn't it raining yet
We are based in NJ. I just DM'd you. Let me know if your interested. I am partnering with others to produce an event for Autism.
Right on Thank you!! RT I love your song Silly me !!
COME VISIT YOUR OHIO FANS! & HAVE A CONCERT! PLEASEOHPLEASEOHPLEASE?! I'll be your girlfriend, al day? (;
#FF for great info and advice on presentations
I don't feel like going through my favorites looking for it.
is that commercial racist?
Salespeople can talk you into buying something you don't want, be firm.
I LOVE institutions with rational IRB policies!
Hey followers, our good friends are back on their twitter game! Give 'em a follow and a listen, their sick. <3
Bus ride to Denver to practice. Well I'm just gonna be riding the bike and doing abs unfortunately
Whoa hockey fights at my bros game, pretty entertaining
Proof that it's the Olympic Year... solid meetings from 930a-500p today.
wats up beautiful
That is my favorite song<U+2665>
Trying to listen to ALL of the songs by :)
Right now we're only in NYC, but we'll be expanding to new cities in early 2012. Where do you want us to launch next?
wasn't bad, but static. I took little naps. Nonviolent resistance, right?
According to , 43 percent of women work out with their hair down. Wow...I always do a high bun. How do you style yours?
This Jared ad with the guy proposing in coach is just too much.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. Mother Teresa
I appreciate what you do, but cant help but think you're ruining sports..
hits 270 likes on #Facebook.Check out our blogs on the education system on our site.would love to hear you thoughts
No heroes.
Last game of the regular season...
Did you know Cupcake Jones has a party space? It's perfect for cupcake decorating parties, tea parties, and bridal showers!
What would we include in an exhibit about our schools?
It was all fun and games at the Mexican restaurant until the baby started vomiting. Repeatedly.
When life gives you lemonade drink it
Lots of happy #nerd shout outs in Paul! I loved the cantina band reference
He who is not very strong in memory should not meddle with lying. - Michel de Montaigne
Mojito bar for lunch and drinks with Beautiful day, come out!
Work Harder !
Can't wait to watch our man in the All-Star game. Good luck from the Siam Square crew!
thank u for voting! Glad u liked it : )
Hey sorry I've been slacking... allergies out of control lol
So happy that Austin now has 250k mahomies <3
Masaki Shibata from the National Diet Library in Japan is talking about the Fukushima disaster web archive.
My body's sleep schedule is way off! I think I've turned into some kind of zombie!
I only report; you decide.
that's a very good point. Why didn't someone take one for team, interfere, and get kicked out?
Did you enjoy the Christmas holiday, or are you feeling like you barely 'survived' it?
I saw a poster the other day and made a mental note. I'm determined to go out after three weeks of being buried under papers.
Just let them hate cuz they don't matter!
Whew. Long day of working on email newsletter. Finished draft and scheduled to go out.
Shit just got real
or have fun with you?
"I dream of a love that even time will lie down and be still for"
Limitations of My Existance: I am physically incapable of not arguing about a lot of stuff sorry I'm not sorry
SRL racing series in Stockton today. So many cars they can't fit us all in the pits.
Well said. Agree 100% Athletes and SM Social Good is great and does a lot for marketability
Happy Birthday!!! :D
I hate the term "feeling it". That's just a sorry excuse for taking a bad shot. I don't care if you're a superstar or not.
I hope it's populated with talking kittens RT: NASA: The first true 'alien Earth' will likely be discovered in next 2 yrs
Does anyone knw what good bands will be at warped this year so far i hear NFG & TBS
More Sex Please Niall Horan ;)
Morning run, yoga and a skinny iced cappuccino from
seriously we need to food out who's telling her all this stuff!
Oh man! Back to the drawing board ;) “: Why do men use pictures with babies, puppies and orphans as a lame attempt to get laid..
It's 2:56am and i can't sleep :(
Thank you! ;) RT : Happy Mother's Day
I think Wacko and Dot are missing Yako, they have been noisey all morning. Poor Yako died yesterday, down to 2 toads in the house :-(
going 1 MPH on 495 and can't decide what's better DC 101.1 or 105.9
Anyone need a website?....Anyone need Headshots? Hit me up.
very odd. Unsettling. But despite the violence, I loved slow mo elevator scene.
Watching "Torch Song Trilogy" and my heart is breaking.
I can't believe my sister is 20 today dang. #timeflys!
I'm all better now!!
Pittsburgh's DeVaughn Robinson placed 3rd in 2011 National August Wilson Monologue Competition @ Broadway's August Wilson Theater in NYC
catching up on dvr'd shows Mad Men Shameless Game of Thrones and 30 Rock. No more amazon shopping.
Awesome! Glad you enjoyed 'em.
omg ur eyes r beautiful
hey ill buy it from you for $20
State of the Union, or reelection campaign?
Peanut butter and chocolate=best combo ever
“Genius is divine perseverance. Genius I cannot claim nor even extra brightness but perseverance all can have.” Woodrow Wilson
podcast "tokyo calling" calls and I listen to Tokyo sounds. I like the way his editor does a slow fadeout of Scott's rambling talk.
#IDidntTextYouBack because you hit on me while I have a boyfriend.
Can u follow plz<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
bruh I'm so sorry! Lol I forgot too. I'm off tmrw I'll get you. You live in Garfield hts right? I'm going to beechwood its otw
the most effective leaders are those for which leadership is a way of being. - Ambassador Joseph.
brutal. Travel Safe! Whole fam? Have u done Disney yet with the kids?
What screws us up most in life is our picture in our head of how it's supposed to be.
“: Parenthood has been picked up for another season!!! Thank you NBC!!” this totally just made my day!! :D
Yeah, Facebook's down again...
You will see what this #TheEmpire sh*t about on the 27th.... I'm goin Ham on dey as
Saturday mornings suck. Waffle house is PACKED.
sounds a little less patriotic and a bit more "comrade" to me, but thanks?
I lost the bet... I bet Dillion a cookie that he couldnt get my phone tonight... Lmao
I still love you...
Jesus + those lazers = no more problems EVER.
This bus driver is mean -_-
Coach Scott really does talk about good stuff of we would just listen
good observation. It's a Corruthers.
When in Chicago, you need to do as Chicagoans do!
my period hurrrrrtsssss :[
What specials should I look for tonight ?
very very nice!!
Had a great birthday yesterday despite the cold and stress! Thanks to for making it xtra awesome.
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare. It just depends on how you treat her.
Tonight lights will be dimmed across North Korea to honor Great Leader...and because the power is unreliable and they do that every night.
- All These Birthday Text & Calls Starting To Annoy Me . . i Dont Think I'll Be Going To Sleep Any Time Soon .
When people say they''re handsome and you're like "WTF?!"
love you so much we're going to play in Dayton on our tour in December :)
and what do those voices tell you to do?
my pleasure
“: Translation? RT : me quiero ir de natación.”lol......I wanna go swimming
How to lose weight is a journey and there are many approaches
Can't wait 4 Open Tech Forum Jun2nd-speakrs inc &Mark Landon-cofounder StudyAbroad.com-Come pick their brains
Come to the official after party tonight after the #Grizzlies game! Grizz girls will be there, no cover!
Stress relief, lowers blood pressure and improves posture and circulation!
Come out today and take a go kart for a race!
Spend a few hours watching SKINS (UK) and you end up with a british accept. Cheers.
i'll pass on tai chi but will gladly take a chai tea.
do you?!! Lol Im so ready for summer! The lake sounds soo good right now
Treat me like a joke, ill leave you like it's funny
RT : April is National Child Abuse Prevention Month: Please Join me in Raising Awareness.Donate a tweet...
Seriously such in a bad mood. Everyone can piss off
My name is Steven and I am a procrastinator.
I know honesty is a tough cookie. But when you get it, you should be thankful. But I understand what you are saying. Tks 4 rply.
me too!
almost home. can't wait. Happy Birthday Justin
Another year and still isn't nominated for the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame.
Took a pill to make sure I sleep through the night. Let's hope it works. Nighty night
Well my music will gve you eargasms go listen and you might get a turtle!
#2011musictaughtme that shit can make you a millionaire
thanks -- high praise coming from a comedian!
hell yeah!! Cancers a b*tch anyway
is the BOM! What a smart, driven, awesome lady!!
much appreciated broseph
Me and my ni99a got some of the Turnt Up music out right now! And yeah i said that.
Another fantastic PD event at the #ohiogoesgoogle conference. Great sessions, networking and tech talk.
"In the end, a person is only known by the impact he or she has on others" --The Book 'The Ultimate Gift', Jim Stovall
Is it tomorrow yet?
At a conversation series w/ metal group #slipknot at
I like what the historic pres dept did
Smiling at the computer screen like a complete idiot because someone said something really sweet.
Found coffee--lots. All is right with the world!
I'm writing to YA novels. About four Teens on #Everest and one about a teen and her family living at a #Renaissance Fair.
I totally would have said you but it's been MOBBED lately! A good problem to have. I blame the French toast!
Thanks so much!!! So much good on the horizon coming!
Xbox time
what time period would you go to if you had a time machine?(;
Starting the preparations for classes back. I bought my materials and tomorrow I have to get up very early. Arrrg.
Worst is when they show hella good food and all you can eat is a sandwich lol RT torturing yourself by watching food network when
hi, this is an awesome app that lets you know when your friends are nearby.
“ About to play the kinect”
..hadn't yet made an album that captured their live set's boot-scooting, blues-belting string-band revivalist verve-until now. ^
Having a fantastic time at #MLA2011. Stop by our booth for a special conference discount on books
love you too mama <3
Fit Fact: Forget "fried". Limit your fried goods and switch it up for blackened, roasted or baked.
you have some weird ass dreams
That same thing happened to me, this kid had leopard print shoes on with golden studs all over them and red shoe laces lmao
Great to hear. Been following your seminar locations. Going well, working on a Congressional Campaign in Chicago!
u poor thing...living with me is torture! ;) #healthy, but brutal! <3
Now Playing <U+266A> How to Love by Lil Wayne
does any1 no who the hell sevage garden is?
So Bieber would be in times square too. Geez, there will be so many girls over there. God, why it's Bieber?! Not Selena gomez?! Lol
Merry Christmas to you and yours also!
Enjoying the Australian Open down here in Melbourne!!
In thy case, we will just work on his timing! He always does it at the worst time! On another note, Harvey is so cute<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>!
You a jokester huh?
Perhaps a good day to watch "Let it Ride"
Everyone go see For All Those Sleeping, Adestria, Even Cameras Lie, In Fear And Faith, and Casino Madrid tonight at the door in Dallas :)
finally steppin up and makin a twitter
Pedagogy session at #THATCampVA promotes
If you're a business in the Dallas Metro area we want to hear about you! Tweet us what you do and a link to your site / blog if you have one
I will give you a pet porcupine just out of generosity :3
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Micah Landwermeyer on the 14U team for joining us in our 2012 sand program.
My body hurts. :(
Love Forver., Love Is Free., Lets Turn Forever., You And Me. Windmill Windmill For The Land. Is Everybody In.? <3
Achieving the Exit with Michael Gilman &amp; Stromedix - Private Equity Hub (press release)
Loving Chef Adam !!
when? :o
Is... or was? Age 35 is cut-off for 99.9% of QBs in SB era. Throw in injury, year off, new team, no dome, Tebow factor.
She loves u now but as u push ha away that love falls keep pushing and one day sh gone be gone
yeah I will, hold on..gotta do these numbers haha:p
Two great gigs this weekend with a client meeting to end it on today. What a great April!
83 people at tonight's WMM workshop. Eat your heart out Coldplay
Aw, sorry B. I will ask around.
Obama launches re-election bid - New York Daily News
IM a True BELIEBER Love ya :D
I understand you boo RT : NOBODY UNDERSTANDS ME
I love the south. It's 73 and sunny in the middle of February. :D
The highways jammed with broken heroes on a last chance power drive. Everybody's out on the run tonight but there's no place left to hide.
I think "At least it wasn't incest" is my new comforting line for most everything. Thanks!
cake cake cake cake cake cake
and there is a ray of heaven shining down on it!
glad you're back on the beer scene Jesse!
time to break out my mad bracketology
RT : So great! ’s brilliant monologue on the most astounding fact about the universe, adapted into a comic...
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me30
Played with Swift Tongues Saturday night at Hard Rock in Seattle. I love meeting new industry heads.
some of my stats are gone. Example: I've killed many baddies but starting with my 1st kill. How do I clear cache?
I'll call u.
And thanks to for putting on a great show and for talking with us afterwards. It was great meeting you! Hope to see you again!
It's here, BUNCO night at 9920 Fun, Food and Laughter!!! The 2nd Friday of the month @ 7:00 pm.
Ha! RT : There is way too much haiku & not enough cow bell on Twitter lately
Went bed late n up early
yea, i want somebody else to play sam.. but oh well
Other half went to sleep for the night and im still up...ugh!!
<U+270C>You know you eat alot if yo win a eating contest against haha i soo would i eat wayy to much not god!!!:p
I don't even know what the administration's current slate of proposals to improve economic performance in the short run is right now.
what the hell was i thinking
thank you so much! great to be here -
A lot of holiday magic happening downtown....I could have sworn I saw some elves.
Well, I got alot done tonight, very productive. I even made a few customers happy :D Going home for now
Big Projects in motion from N.O.D. Ent. stay tuned! www.nevaoutdoneent.com
RT This tues night we are having a Q&A, this is always a lot of fun!! We would love to see you at // can't wait!!!
dude how is TTT2 coming along? Release anytime soon? Big fan of Tekken btw been follomwing since "Tekken 1" :) you rock!
I study <U+2192> I take the test <U+2192> I pass it <U+2192> I forget what I learned..
The intelligent actor will work through the preparation of a character differently every time, depending on circumstances....
RT : "I love the rain! Don't you? I think I'll drive more slowly so all of us can stay out in the rain longer!" -everyone in DC
The Gigs will be playing with Mss. at next Tuesday...tell yr friends...opening for Magik Markers. Gonna be dope.
So many sirens in East Hollywood tonight. A little smoke and it'd be just like 20 years ago at Adams/Vermont.
I was mere feet away from my dress and couldn't take it home!!!
#ChuckNorris built Rome in a day.
We'll look into it right away. How long has it been going on?
Im all up under him like its cold
"Praise with elation, praise every morning, God's recreation of the new day!" -Eleanor Farjeon
awesome, thanks!
cool I alwayz wanted 2 go there
Paranormal Activity, u know hes special
Our CEO, , is going to call the lucky winner re: the $500 prize. More details soon!
Some people. Need to get this book love for dummys
RT : Who is watching #USF vs. #Cinn? #Roc Jeff Anderson is officiating the game!! Hoping he does better than previous game :)
Yes sir!! And Dallas is down 30! Good night tonight!
Anyone has ever compile the cheesiest profile bios on Twitter? e.g. "I aim for the stars but family keeps me grounded" kind of thing.
yo did cliff tell you we suppose to be goin to columbia dis weakeand to get tatted
he's coming to kberrggg wedd?!?!
Watching 4 episodes of L&O:SVU on a school night?!
#Browns won! Enter promo-code, BROWNS25 at check out and RECEIVE 25% OFF YOUR ENTIRE ORDER! Go Brownies!! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
today I try to figure out how to create & change location codes for our ILS.
dont be a cry baby
lol oh okay
Pretty scared right now
It's a beautiful thing to pick who's allowed into your life.
Doh! This is what happens when I'm behind. Should've known would be on it!
Much thanks to all #themusiccity supporters! We are working to have new content up soon.
Good morning!! Up early for morning show, watch from 6-7 for Luvabulls
Whose worse Charlotte Bobcats or Minnesota Twins?
What is this bullshit about this morning? You not swaying anyone. Mitt is dead, Bush or Rubio, or Portman, etc.
Today is sleepy Saturday.
So If I don't get my account back soon, I am reporting you to the hacker place, also to the police
GONNA GO KICK IT WITH and at BROADWAY BAR for MARGARITA MONDAY !! $1 MARGS ALL NIGHT !! YEAHH BUDDY !!
Maybe this is just my inner diva speaking but Mr. Schuester was so not fair to Rachel in the beginning... or even the 2nd season.
We need some good Brewer Songs. The Packers get some great songs now we some for the
Brackets in...I have North Carolina v Kentucky in the final..w//Florida State a team to watch..
Thanks to for selecting us in your poster session for our cloud based #machinelearning system!
We are happy to share that Kristen Mahoney, ED for MD GOCCP and President of NCJA BOD, has been named Deputy Director for Policy at BJA.
I'm looking for great online exhibits but I'll settle for good
Follow us on Tweeter
best tweet to wake up to EVER!! :-D RT : Curve's the word, spin's the verb.
Wish Stonehill wasn't so much money because then I would definitely be going there & not have such a hard decision to make..
"No, I'm going home to watch #Community" - Me, if anyone asks if I'm going to the big #TFF party tonight. Also I wasn't invited.
Your Twitter account both disgusts and delights me. Unlike my beloved green line, which just scares me.
writer? Musician?
thank you I'm appreciative
That little girl & her daddy are so cute !! Aw
There's a lot more general silliness displayed when the Tigers are winning!
Playing tonight at Beer Geeks in Highland, IN w/ Pistol Pete. Looks like the after-show beer is a necessity here.
#Alaska new law: benefits claim for week of partial #unemployment can't be filed later than 7 days after claimant receives the week's wages
Everyone can c it,but him.He doesnt understand how bad it hurts when people say we'd b cute 2gether or ask if were dating& I have 2 say no..
If you want to hold it at the convention center, let us know when you have details so that we can submit a room request.
send her this way and I can make her dreams come true....lol
Woohoo! We can't wait to celebrate #volunteer heroes! Thanks for the shout out.
Why oh why is it raining cats and dogs?!
Thanks for the mention! Have a great weekend!
Wine on Sun is so appropriate!
#Vikings one yes vote away from new stadium
Loud and clear
And yes, I did add a few showers for Saturday. :(
low key eve my ass!!!
the only time I've had Yuengling was when I was in PA. Pretty interesting they have more share than beers with wider distribution.
The Vectors Workshop may cancel today without someone getting on the coffee "situation."
Do you have a website?
google 'mike d remix'
wow a lot of trees are down in my backyard thanks to Hurricane Irene :/
fitting... Sort of :)
good morning twitter!
#RejectedPromThemes Win a Date With Mark Sanchez
I couldn't agree more! What happened to this week that it's already #followfriday?! Hope you at least have a good weekend!
One more month and I'm moving (: YAY!
What's the new gig?
the spurs played a sorry ass jazz team! Who is even on the jazz?
Today is a huge day for me!! Beyond stoked! Stay tuned for news!! :D
Money does not make the world go 'round. Physics' got that covered. But it prolly will be the reason it stops. We've got that covered.
If you board the wrong train, it is no use running along the corridor in the other direction. -D. Bonhoeffer
Thanks for tweeting! Can’t wait to see your official video for #KONY2012 #StopAtNothing Please help make a difference!:)
Bye! Bye! China.
Reading and driving to San Marcos
the gloom did burn off! woo-hoo!
I thought he broke the record for position players.
Feeling good w\family!!
Help ensure no one faces breast cancer alone - Join us at our Corporate Breakfast - 11/5/09 @ 8 a.m. @ the Daniels Fund. Call 3033005158
me either
New quote from a client: "RealPractice/ReplyWise does a superb job designing a website and doing web marketing at a very reasonable cost.”
My class runs 4-5:15, so that's perfect. I think we'll use #FresnoDLD. We'll be talking about Louise Rosenblatt and literature
Mom just saw this...
Compassion may be the radicalism of our time, but my ultimate goal in life is to never allow it to be the radicalism of mine.
you getting fucked up aint you.!
Finally started "Mad Men." Two eps in and it hasn't really grabbed me. I get it, the 60s sure were sexist.
Melbourne Writer-Actor-Producer and creator of multi-award winning US comedy series, Vegan 101. Would love 2 work w/ u.
Lls wake his ass up!!! J/p zay over here doin da same thing! I'm good u kno I be actin if shit dnt go my way!!!!
no, I hacked it ;)
im supa thirsty....
He don't want you and NEVER will so bitch get over it..
Working a Greek wedding.... I really hate traditional Greek music. Ugh such a headach.
made an avatar on the slap THAT SITE SUCKS I THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO BE AN AMAZING BETTER VERSION OF TWITTER!!! but no :( IM MAKING A SITE
hi I'm a big fan can u please pleas follow me or tweet me back please it will de amazing and wonderful please :)
huh babe!?
Dear Mondays, I fuckin' hate you. Sincerely: Everybody
If you’ve got a case of the Mondays,½ price beef burgers & Happy Hour from 4-7 would be just the thing to lift your spirits, see ya there!
#FF One of our top guys! Dallas Cowboy RT
That awkward moment when finds out the guy she likes likes one her bandmates in Call Me Maybe.
#Mac.Lingo: BE ROYAL IN YUR OWN FASHION; ACT LIKE UH KING TUH BE TREATED LIKE ONE.!#RealMaccinInEffect!!!#SQUAD!!!
PARM FOLLOW HEARD!!!! RT “: you are cray.....can I get a PArM follow??”
It's fun making an idiot of yourself :P
Last game of the regular season - join your fellow alumni
#TruthIs Things aint the same no more...
I want a house in the city
Nobody's Perfect..</3
Tres embarrassing yet concierge at the Devi Ghar seemed obliging! Best told over MANY drinks x
Where could we be collecting signatures this Sunday morning?
I guess I'll see you up there tomorrow dude!!
The weather has got work going by hell slow!
how's my song coming?
In need of xanax after watching mob wives last episode....like really so much yelling screaming and crying....love them but yikes!
#WhatMakesMeSmile is when I see that my mom is in a happy mood<U+2764>
Wow I'm in love with
Hey, thanks for the mention!
Huge win for the Reds!! Come up to tonight!! I'll be up in the penthouse with my homie on the main level!!
Unleash niagra falls
I'm going to try to not get a passed.
Microsoft, LGE may hold talks on smartphones
I take you up, when you're feeling down I make you laugh 'cause I love the sound
Oh, parents forgot to dress you properly for practice, I totally understand (; I'm sorry!
#IWouldDoAnythingFor concert tickets! <U+2764>
Yeah, that's just an unfortunate event. Can't blame a guy for keeping in shape. #yankees v
On set of Monongahela shooting the diner scene - fantastic !
I LOVE Machine Head...they are too good. And to think I didn't know of them a few years ago o.O
“: stop by at #sxsw and get some info for me if you have time!” trade show part starts tomorrow. Will do.
This is the loudest thunder I've ever heard.
Hold on to nothing as fast as you can...
Thats why I supported #Prop14, much 2 the chagrin of R & D partisans. It gives everyone a choice :-)
your just hatinn cuz I can beat you upp!!
I admire your independence. A little solo can go a long way. Hope you find management that'll send you to Maine someday.
I love Adam!
Bangin' headache. The sun is shining in my eyes. Drapes closed. Hungover, must die.
"If the brain were so simple that we could understand it, we would be so simple that we couldn't"
Add heroin to any conversation to make it fun.
My brother drunk my last half and half so I just declared war.
No snow here tonight :( just strong winds and rain. Bah. Didn't get my snow day, so bummed. Could've used it to catch up on outlines!!
Today was a bad full house episode. There was a problem, someone whined, and then it was solved and everybody moves along.
The day of the move is upon us.
Best part about pulling an all nighter is catching all the Family Matters re-runs on Nick at Night
Preds go up 2 on the Wings! As my Uncle always says, I hate the Red Wings!
Hey did you hear about the Titanic Memorial Cruise for descendants of the passengers?
omh lunch was so funny
KU is still pretty fucking gay
Emergency Locksmith Services: 24hr Emergency Lockouts / Openings> Automobile / Car Entry Digital Locks reprogramming Digital Locks repair /
what did you have in mind?
Pulp Fiction has to be my favorite movie besides Bad Boys 2,Harold and Kumar, Scarface, Casino, and Goodfellas.
As Pinterest grows, more and more brands attempt to find a use for it. Do you think Pinterest will be an effective marketing tool?...
Patrick's yoga class at the Hollywood gym is the best! Good find, you guys.
720 followers to go! Let's get to 80K! :)
Can't watch Game of Thrones tomorrow nite. Go Hornets!!
No way - I'm kris all the way. He's got a funky Mraz kinda beat!
And don't even say "world peace" or something crazy like that.
Did she just ask for more debates and opps to answer more questions???
I was just being observant lol
I don't need no relationshit!
awww why you got to be so darn sweet. MAD love and respect.
Are we there yet??
My sewing machine arrived today! What should I name it?
MEXICO LOVE YOU When you come back!!!
Think I should be able to get to the Berkshires (MA side) tomorrow. Dreading NY traffic
"You're like a gay Yoda!"
Sounds like a new week! “: Enough shovels of earth -- a mountain. Enough pails of water -- a river. -Chinese Proverbs”
Geez. Hope they were all saved.
RT The more teenagers try to look serious, the more they appear to be pooping. My sense is that many are unaware of this.
MT : E-mail from Gtown Events says first Truckeroo on May 11 at by #Nats Park.
Thank ya sir! Roger that. RT : i like your music style keep it up
I feel like my brain is fried, and we haven't done anything at school in like a week.
#microstories I got mad because the monkey stole my banana, so it hit me. Another dream. Why do monkeys hate me in my sleep?
it is a yes or no pick
We love the way music brings people together.
Fucking texting and not paying attention on the streetcar and I missed my stop
hey long time fan here. I love ur podcast. When r u gonna get to Japan and USA involvement and pearl harbor. Thanks
Off to shoot our new webseries tomorrow. Good thing I'm sick. I hate when I have trouble working up a hacking cough to ruin shots.
HELLO #PDX!!! Happy Sunday! Just thought we should let y'all know that we are serving up $3 MIMOSAS today along with brunch - Cheers!
Crap just sent a text ment for to twitter
how come it just all of a sudden doesn't fit? RT : My work shoe won't fit on :
Mark-Shane Scale: new word - collaboratory
Is everyone checking out the massive waves is SD? That seems to be all anyone is talking about. Like they haven't seen an 8' wave before.
You can make yourself happy or miserable - it's the same amount of effort.
So I turned on the TV at a good time - Phillies-Giants 0-0. Bottom of 11th inning. Still could go long though. And I'm already sleepy. Oh no
Welcome to NTH Tyler Dawson (soon to be Dr. Dawson)! We look forward to having you full-time after the completion of your progam!
i'm the laziest person ever.. whenever i drop a pencil, i never pick it up... i just look at it and keep on going.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Keke Palmer Got Her Gap Fixed
RT : Tomorrow night Patti Smith will be in London talking about her life with Robert Mapplethorpe! More info here:...
Blessed to see another day! Plus it's Friday!""
I be so ready to cut my hair off & run around like the rest of y'all ass with mf hair to the middle of my neck!!
I FOLLOWED IT! :) RT : I am DMING 3 random girls who go follow my number!
Thousands attend Easter service with Tebow
Every Thursday Night at Fatso's Pizza is open mic night from 6-10pm. The longest running open mic night in the valley.
Apple's 'Revolutionary' Project: 7 Possibilities - InformationWeek
Conception to implementation - don't let it take longer than necessary. Nothing profitable about arrested development!
He would have a Statue here if that happens
There's great rum punch at Nipper's on Great Guana key
If I had to choose between breathing and loving Austin, I would use my last breath to tell Austin that I love him.
Today I have mastered the art of eating while driving. but it's not safe For your t-shirt :b
It is perfect for outdoor activities! But do not forget to protect your skin! Lather on some Aloe Mint Hydrating Cream Gel
already researching my next trip to CA. Birthday reunion?
shoot me an email address
Looking forward to coaching session with
I'm getting hungry....
Reading the #SteveJobs biography by Walter Isaacson, absolutely fascinating, I can't put it down
you are an incredibly ignorant/foolish moron. the ONLY reason to oppose gay marriage is because of your silly book of myths.
I swear I hate ignorance.........
do technical skills still matter in IT? Listening to two CIOs perspectives.
Ahh gotcha. Here I was hoping echophon would have bacon ready for me in the morning or something ;)
Great meeting with civic, legislative and #highered leaders in NH on aligning college completion w/ workforce needs.
My life is in tact. I have love, I have success, and I have too many amazing friends to count. Thank you for all your support...
A moment for life.
Extended hours today for the Arnold! We're open all day until 8pm, stop in for dinner
self-proclaimed "bio geek" - I wonder what I might be if self-proclaimed...hmm
yes we need to make plans!!
IMMA TELL YOU ONE TIME :D
Happy Birthday to America's Oldest Teenager -
There is a house , I think in Fla., that is built upside down.
Socialism. RT : The AL Central leader will be two over .500 at the end of today. No other division leader is less than 7 over.
Thunderstorms. Love it
Hey, don't use double negatives....
What if you actually had to buy all the things you put in your Amazon cart?
is ashamed of me :p
Hello hello! Thanks! Check us out.
heading back to NY for a week...see everyone in 2012!
I know ^.^ he's so talented o.O
thank you!!!!
The Open Government Partnership: stepping in the right direction in policy, governance and global relations
Hundred percent reason to remember the name
Looking to work with Hello! Mommy / Parenting bloggers in the New Jersey, Eastern Pennsylvania, NYC area. Send referrals our way!
what you saying straight up for
Thanks and right back atcha! Have a great day!
I consider myself an elite writer, but I still have those close to me take a look... Just to see how minds compare
Thanks for the interviews!
RT Calling all indie publishers! Join us in 15 minutes for #indieview, to chat about issues that matter to indie publishers
Film shoot tomorrow for "Three Tears on Bloodstained Flesh" in Evansville
1 more hour until I potentially, literally shit my pants.
“: $125, and that's my FINAL offer!!” high. Guess you lose
Packers overall depth on the line will not be an issue next year. #NFLDraft everything else is going to be competitive gravy
went to see you 2 hours before you got there...when are you coming back?? don't ever go to that place again
what?? what kinds of jobs/companies are doing that?
Help me,help me mommy put me in the big out room..
Where the weed at
tht dude said they look like sum #GhettoOscars ctfu
Is the weekend here yet!?
yeah i'm on my drum..
An amazing world we live in: where an actor is paid more than a teacher and talentless people can be famous for nothing.
What Makes Justin Beautiful the love for his beliebers
Watching Pacers vs Heat. Rooting for the Pacers.
“: If there was an opposite of the gold glove, Matt Garza would win it” He's also the worst bunter in the league.
We love you too!
View from my 1st apartment! on E. 6th St. Had an ale there once--just because (1 yr after they were forced to admit women).
People on nashville can not drive in rain
Thanks for the S/O! #googleplus is def opening doors for how musicians can reach national & int'l audiences! It's exciting! :)
Pfizer says on lookout for mid-size drug deals | Best Articles And News
Wait... So really really really really really? Haha ;)
RT : Rangers sign Ron Washington to 2-year contract extension through 2014.
Wow. You just made our day! RT : you guys are my favorite place in DC. Every trip.
damn! I fail again! WTF ;(
soo youu tryna crack jokes now!? Bedtime?? Who has those anymore ??
Today is the last day at #nws2012, we've enjoyed meeting everyone and discussing technology in education. See everyone next year!
great times at chipotle
I have to be a nicer person today in real life, now that I've been a jerk on Twitter.
Where u going nigga
"The key to being free from the stranglehold of past failures and mistakes: learn the lesson and forget the details." www.budurl.com/QuoteA
last 4 days of living with roommates...I will be surprised if I don't kill one of them before that time...
Coffee. Coffee. Coffee.
I've been counting down the days on my bedroom door.
celeb makeup artist what is your favorite tip for this season #nerdprom ???
Cinny Cin is doing MUCH much better. She is definitely on the mend. The vet visit scared her straight I think.
its been really good. Just in college and ready for summer!
While I'm complaining, I have to run in the evenings this week and I don't wanna. Wahhh. Ok shutting up now.
Listen to you dudes daily! And I agree with trading young talent. To me it seems obvious. Our system hadn't worked....
I'm pretty sure when they come on TV i'm going to fall out of my chair lol
same here ugh needs sometin to do :P
and need to go to panama!
Last homeroom party of the year = eating our weight in food like usual St. Agnes students.
Here they come
: I'm in the middle of reading it right now. It's very, very good.
Hey mami would be nice to hear from you
power cords for laptops
Grinds it out to make sure we all good praying for us all RT : Im the type of manager that......
so far. I live in tennessee
No! As an AF wife it will soon be MY TIME!
Understanding basic HTML can give you a head start when using Dreamweaver. Try our HTML Basics class @ 3:30pm in the Homer Rice Center.
Just got to sample a gift idea from 's Mom's Day story. To die for.Check it out 6:30 w/awesome producer
messy bun? huh ? lol
Zanbeel Art Unity Resource Festival theme is “Mind, Body Spirit” Gourmet Quickie. March 6,2011 1-5.30pm 2200 Virginia Ave Santa Monica, CA
hey, that's what school is supposed to be my man!
I am 120 pounds! D: you're fine. -_- and I didn't even mention my thighs! :O you think I have thunder thighs!!!!!
RT : Check out our homie at Kilroy's On Kirkwood tonight. One of Indiana's dopest dj's steady on merk patrol!
It is definitely a topic that many people ask about.
thanks for da support
Visit my website at: www.sloofies.etsy.com
Thunder and Spurs. Can we fast forward to the next round.
Mission impossible made possible!
Hw the hell u running late but u takin pics
I think I saw you there. My daughter was demanding lunch. So said hi to Randy Merkin, waved at the guys, then went across street to eat.
Another Superb Day in the 5280, Mile HI City.......
#Imagine You're about to kiss Harry when he pulls away. You:"Harry!" Harry:*Giggles* "Aw you're so cute when you're angry." *Kisses you*
My two favorite days of the year #OpeningDay and when #Dook loses in the NCAA Tournament
apt. Thank you.
Either way, you aren't straning yourself by doing work lol
Playing-basketball with devin
LOVE YOU ALL!
clips got this one
125k /500 z. Next table to break. Also, I'm hungry.
Yo, can't sleep without my blankey.
Ring of Crying | Alcabano
I forgive, but I don't forget.
Learning from about social media. I'm taking good notes!
Always fun to be bear wrapped. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
In winter!
seriously. he was asking around about apartments to rent. doesn't even know yet that he's my husband (running joke).
I want to see that ruby sparks movie and the movie people like us ( :
When's his gathering? do you know the date?
Any job in #socialmedia is a dream
Yup....and he was my backup QB anyways, so I think it's a good trade.
I didn't stay stop partying. Just wanna know when you'd feel awkward at a club
Not even joking, so many bands are following.
Tee Hee RT : #ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30s Waiting for your Hogwarts Letter. That ship has sailed.
Feeling good<U+E106><U+E106><U+E106><U+E106><U+E106>
At Pullman square gonna watch Breaking dawn ! Gonna be waiting for 4 hours! And I'm only gonna have 3 hours to sleep, poor me ! ;)
Florida court to make a ruling on Jose and whether he can practice law as an Undocumented Immigrant
snow bound in philadelphia with only one week until i move to pittsburgh and become a student again.
More rain in Chicago. Make it stop.......
Congrats Alexa!!!
the word on the street you a hoe,just a groupie on a world tour your a hoe,now i found out for myself your a hoe girl ya need 2 check yaself
I love you like a fat kid loves cake, you know my style ill say anything to make you smile.
Hoola hoop contest in the living room.
Your next follows will be Bill Ayers, Jeremiah Wright, and Keith Olbermann.
how was it? You are a lot braver than me!
Final show of #PhantomsGoDown. I love these peeps. Thanks all!
One of the worst things that can happen is being ignored by someone you still love <\3
look forward to hearing about it. thanks for taking a leadership role
Swag. Purple. Canada. Leggo. Never say Never. RT if you thought of Justin Bieber <U+2665>
KISS is on Scooby Doo.....it must be the end of the world
If self-fulfilling prophecies tend to be "self-fulfilling", they might as well be positive ones, not negative.
Did you see
it's true. and i'm guilty of it also.
Yay! Thanks so much- really appreciate you checking out the tunes. How are things with you?
Welcome Obedience and Rally Enthusiasts! The doors are open @ Alpha K9 U! We are looking forward to seeing you all today!
roger wilco. I'll be there at about 11. Will tweet then.
thanks EME! I want to meet with you guys soon so we can make sure you are all happy and doing the work you want to do!
I got a call a while back about that duet show A WHILE back but i never knew what it was so i turned it down.
Why does make me plug in my SSN, BD, and ask if I want to speak to a representative -- only to tell me that they are closed??????????
I didn't lack confidence in my skills, I just hated having to always announce that & defend my presence. I knew I belonged.
Good Morning heading to work in a few minutes. Mid Morning call time
TY! RT : .'s Industry Night last evening was outstanding. Thank you to everyone who helped make it so.
Anybody that know me kno I care even tho I say idgaf
can we go
Go be a bitch somewhere else....
Yay! See you tomorrow! RT : The will be at tomorrow. See you there, #Seattle folks.
Ahh! #Jane Eyre is trending! Hurrah! For free access to selected articles on JE go to www.maney.co.uk/journals/bst & click on 'top articles'
Don't let the winter weather give you the blues. A little bit of exercise helps to rebuild endorphines that make you feel happy!!!
#in I will be at #PAWCon in San Francisco today. It is my first time to this conference
It's my belief that we're only one hit novelty song away from the nadir of Angry Birds Fever.
Mark Fantasia, Live, this Saturday Night at 9pm till 1am!! Come spend the night with friends at Scotland Yard Pub.
So God apparently has told all the Republican candidates to run. Don't you think he'd clear out a primary for you if that was the case?
My heart hurts .
There is a certain sadness flying around NYC today. It almost feels like an old song
Thanks for the continued support for ! Top country downloads today, #USA, #UK, #Italy, #SaudiaArabia, &
why does it keep unfollowing you wtf but i re-followed
are you at home?:o
Just bought a new computer
outdoor shower scene. zac efron. the lucky one.
Time for the truth. I'm listening to Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter from on my
Of course since 2day is my day 2 write, they're doing a loud construction project next door & turned the water off in my building :(
Move on over our we'll Move on Over You. - The Black Panthers..
Why oh why can't I write this stupid last paper of the semester? Staring at screen & stuffing my face with chocolate & nothing's happening.
Still trying to get workflow to sync B cam to a cut sequence edited with only A cam
Leadership Development training for a client in #OKC this morning. Talking "future & the power of unleashing their team's thinking."
Earlier enjoyed the with session on advanced by & the co-presenter
"you were coming of age sexually when your mom had her car accident and lost her leg" just that sentence alone illustrates the insanity.
you'd think I'd get that a lot in the O.C. Mostly people are trying to sell me mansions.
probably gonna start crying soon.
North Carolina you bastards.
Is PW's charge for announcing all that much different from Kirkus charging to review self-pub/POD books?
Don't be silly wrap your willy.
2day Iz A Great Day 4 A Bloody Maxi Pad Slappin. Any1 N Mind??/": Smile today even if u don't feel like it!"
if dancing like a fool to yelle is wrong theb I don't want to be right.
I wanna do boxing .
Ariana Grande!!!!!! I love you so much I dedicate my heart 2 u =D
Amen, Wilbon. Amen
The End of an Era, Dr. Arvind Phatak retiring from Fox School after 45 yrs. Pioneer of the IB Program & Temple CIBER, you will be missed!
thats a ? God even asks but yea sluts will be sluts
Those that can, do. Those that can't, teach. Those that can't teach, critique.
:o dang .. well hanging out is gonna be awk!
the cost is very dumb!
And death in their company is less bitter, less inglorious, perhaps less probable --Proust
no problem. Good luck with everything!
Bobby Womack on stage with
#lgovsm Which is why two way twitter is so good - instant response is possible:-)
yeah, I first visited for the Macworld Expo in the late 90s and fell in love with SF. Esp. during Maine winters I get Cali Fever!
it's emoji's.. for iphones/ipad/ipod... Basically smiley faces/hearts/little pictures you can't see on computer/android
Happy Mother's Day!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><U+2764>
History refresher: #SanDiego voters rejected a 2.5% increase to TOT 58-42 in 2004. proposing to just do it anyways.
My new expression: "Innovative programs that are right in the hairy edge of #accreditation."
Phipp's latest hack? An app running on his iPod Touch that lets Phipps manipulate every subsystem of his car from across the parking lot
yeah, of course! definitely wanting to make it out...you've got a really good lineup on your hands!
"Be aggressive. Be more aggressive. Never be satisfied." - Pete Rose's advice for hitters, football players, businessmen.
where ya' been, dude?
If the first piece of advice from any life coach isn't avoid bears you're being scammed
not surprised
can't wait to see you both tomorrow!! I'm having withdraws!
they got a movie together lol
Was in a children's bookstore that was playing Tindersticks. Wow/Shit.
Look either i can send you a 1,000 tweets telling u my story or u can read my bio.. Pick 1 (no presure)
#rise&grind On my way 2 work. Up thanking God & #TGIF :)
it was great to be apart of it. :-)
A123 Systems Reports More Bad News
I think you most definitely draft on the defense 1st rnd. We desperately need anotherOLB. Only if we get a FA
I am so blessed to have great people in my life. Thanks and for a great night!
good, yeah yeah i kno but i've made my choice now and everytime we talk we fight And I can't handle that anymore soo bye forever!
Still not even close to finishing these shout outs :P
ZACH RANDOLPH: Primary pivot face-up (left-handed player = right-foot reverse pivot) every single time..He's very effective from 18 ft on in
Scratch that, my day isn't ruined, my whole summer is
shorty you a dime why you looking lonely
happy Wednesdy! Robin
#iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo to 2 of my favorite artists on twitter! & Check'em out! Great #artists & great live shows!
Two more finals then sweet freedom!!
Give 'em an F in Stats.
Still happy with a Mariner's W however...
Someone go to the mall with me.
thank u. I like the new AVI better btw :)
St patricks day is nuts. So this is what it would be like if slavery never happened.
u can get it for 200
Yes, boss.:-) I might be trying it tonight...will let you know if I survive to tell the tale:-))
Just gunna ignore all the forkin hate.. & like says ...Gunna elevate above the hate !
Tell to stop their #VeriGreedy practices and respect workers and customers. Call 800-229-9460 now
upload them doe
Faith comes in the shadow of hope.
RT : Ha, you know it :) RT : Waiting for the industry battle cries for a boycott of all NC events.
You can't have it both ways
Soo sick! Thanks for the support! :)
Thanks. We're good. She wouldn't dare do much worse, bc of her "music career."
Everywhere. Everywhere I go. Everywhere that I've been. The only thing I see is beautiful people.
Also, Kane is more of the assist guy....but when no one can score, well....he loses out there.
Happy 4th everyone! Today is: Louis Armstrongs "birthday" 1900 in New Orleans & Drummer Butch Miles born 1944, Ironton, OH: Smithsonian Jazz
Thanks for the Monday shout out!
Let me guess... The Inconceivables?
Been there, done that.
Gotta keep it moving. Dudes stuck on the same shit
sure did. went straight to that ol long voicemail of yours!!!!
check dm's
congratulations to Matt Balint of COJK for sponsoring Poker 2.0 then proceeding to win the tournament! It pays to sponsor.
damn, it's almost quitting time.. today went pretty fast
Now I know why the Jazz didn't pick Jimmer last year with the #3 pick. BC Gordon Hayward can play.
masters in Chicago hood rat psychology
Oh gosh... I seriously need to leave this pet store... I'm in love with this puppy :(
I'm sorry :| You wanna talk about it? If not, I hope things just get better! c:
and Moss Lake
he came to her house.. haha.
Merry Christmas everyone!!!:)))
Squidling Bros. Circus Sideshow is playing at Cafe Van Cleef on Sunday. I wish I could find more details about it.
HER last day should've been years ago. It was somewhat sad considering we had 1 of the first pay w/ your phone apps
She a hood girl but she a good girl :)
Yesterday, I got behind on my water. Neither Ryan nor the kittens were pleased. Starting early today.
A4 Physical galleys likely to be replaced by digital editions. Print promo material in general. Ads shifting to online...
Ew. Why do people share there twitter on facebook? Twitter is to follow people you DONT know and people you admire.
Blitz Comet on the scene You step to me and you're gonna get creamed Corn all up in your teeth, you reek
I am looking for some good online games/tutorials for MLA citation review...does anyone have any suggestions?
Highly addictive!
You've done a great public service with that.
Just dropped off my first ballot ever #AmericanDream haha Make sure you vote! Don't take it for granted.
please let me know your thoughts.
Tango: very nice device but expensive. If you won't use most of its functions, find something cheaper.
we had stickers made. it's not a big deal.
how many times have I told you?!
I can't wait tomorrow #zumba :)
Keepin up with hockey while playing a show too?! You're quite the multitasker! #AttaKid! :P
#sonic absolutely rocks
Whoo Hoo - the semester starts tomorrow! Welcome spring interns. For the procrastinators you still have a little over a week to register.
NFL = No Fun League
Like lion tamer! Bt more like flea circus. MT what term should we use?
loved the article by former GS quant. Just confirms my decisions & prob yours too.
addict by K's choice
RT : Users take more responsibility for technology when it's mobile - bob tinker
don't forget to tell your members about New Pro Night!
RT : : when you learn you teach and when you teach you learn.
I'm craving a chesters hamburger. I think I'm having more craving then my baby's momma
All About Uma Kisses!
Hey, are you peeps located in philly?! Thanks for following the most lip smakin' bbq in Philly (Hint: that's us!).
hi justin my name is devon could you come to parkside middle school and sing
this bitch done glued a crow to her scalp haha
Then you'd miss ALL my shows!
yeah really, it's like a red flag to NOT listen to them
what's on your rainy day playlists?! :)
so far 5 runoffs have been requested (GOP #NC08, GOP #NC11, GOP Lt Gov, GOP Supt of PI, Dem NC Senate 21) & 1 recount NC House 55
it really can't be said enough, Ron Paul is naive, ignorant and dangerous on foreign policy.
#coffee gods, can a skinny caramel macchiato magically appear on my desk? I lack the energy to drive to get one myself....please?
Gladys is so adorable!!!
"We have a big, safe & wireless fusion reactor a few million miles away. It delivers mega in just about 8 minutes."
#WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan is most likely a lesbian.
oh he sure did. cheeseball
its only 8:40 here we have time!!
i heard you got a ballplayer , but he dont excite you
Exercise your right and participate in the election. If you have not already, don't forget to vote tomorrow!
"So Far, So Kush", a film by Alex Duong is an Official Backlot Film Festival Selection! www.backlotfilmfestival.com for details --> PLZ RT!
I'm not hungry but Waffle House sounds amazing right now! Im on #Fatass mode.
Hope you all have a fall back plan tonight.
Thank YOU! RT : "Broaden your findability, narrow your target" => great content marketing advice from
you are welcome
Oh what id do to wake up with u..
is at Sweet Tomatos with Bebop!
We search for some of the greatest artists in the country and place their art in our store!!!
lol okay what you gonna do today?
RT : Ravens Insider: Ravens QB Joe Flacco's "boast"- he's damned if he speaks out, he's damned if he doesn't. The media sucks
Kiss me in D-A-R-K dark tonight.
becauseIcanhelp.com: Donate $10 in support of The Epilepsy Foundation as we run the LA Marathon and help us reach our goal!
Hurry up and quit.
Yeah! That's where I did it! :-D
Im the new chair of a local scholarship program;would u like 2 donate some items 2the contestants in return 4ad in program?
agree about short-term collabs, but seems like we need a flexible #pubmedia funding model to make it happen...
Nothing to tweet about because there's nothing to do in Solon, OH when you're a college student.
Can't wait for my run/pasta/fro-yo date with tonight!
He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak. -Isaiah 40:29
So basically Battleship The Movie is The Transformers in water? What happened to the actual Hasbro game's premise?
to the #2012MAC crew, thx for the love today. I had no idea you were at the Amway in my home town!
Wats good twitter get at boy um doing me
Because the light at the end of the tunnel is Jersey. Rangers vs. Devils tonight at 7. Check it!
Looks like the Lakers are gonna lose
Won all our matches tonight.
You should feel excited when writing - like you are reading a book you cannot put down.
Oops! How could we 4get U ? A big THANKS 2 Sherry Swick & Kelly Tinsley (+ & Hull House) 4 DC!
FRIDAY NIGHTC DANCE PARTY TONIGHT AT WET ULTRA LOUNGE & NIGHTCLUB with POWER 102, WET HOTLINE 915-449-2066
Well, not too bad. Imagine being in Indiana or Utah? I can't believe those kids drive 6 to 8 hrs to go to a show!
ok im looking right now...
"penal reform was born at the point of junction between the struggle against the super-power of the sovereign....."
i do not fill good today i fill so sick and bad i cant even get up so i mite not be geting on chat today maybe and maybe not okay sorry :(:(
dance class is gonna be da bomb these few weeks
ATTENTION #TeamMuldoon please help reach 11K followers! He ONLY needs 313, so let's get to work tweeps!!!!
Appear to have ODed on this morning's philosophizing. Looking for signal in everything.
Colts to win big is not trending like early week. Line moving down towards kick.
what happened to the visit?
Today our goal is to increase our Joy. What can you do today that elevates your mood and brings you pleasure? Give that gift to yourself.
That was a great chat, thanks!
House of Tokyo
Need a Medical Massage and have a drs. prescription? I accept most health insurance plans. Call for verification.
I did that with MTV. We are getting old.
MR. BATMAN!
I'd support interspecies marriage if we found a species as or more intelligent than humanity, but we haven't, so I don't.
looking @ alternatives to Ning for some of our faculty who don't want to dish out the $. Anyone have suggestions/good experiences to share?
sorry your not feeling well.. lots of rest and fluids and Christmas treats..lol MERRY CHRISTMAS GH AND GHI.. HAVE A HAPPY NEW YEAR
Frick...wrong person. Hahahaha you all get to see what I told my sister!
Happy 30th Birthday to She seems like such a nice person. Totally someone that I could hang with if she was in
Erykah Badu got a six month probation got fined $500 for running down the street naked during her shoot for the video Window Seat last year.
People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Boom! Crushed it! :) Next up... the gym
I didn't ignore you, I was washing my face..lol
you gonna decide to be social this week?
hi :D
I first read 'finances' as 'fiances'. I imagine that would be a disaster.
Kids may be our future, but for now you be the present, for they shall remember you in the future.
love you too Sweet thing! Let reschedule lunch PRONTO!!
Good workout but damn I know I'm going to feel it tomorrow!
TY so sweet of you to say. If you ever make it to Indy cupcakes are on the house :-)
What do you guys think of our cover of Cute Without The E? :3
#AGirlDeserves WHAT SHE DESERVES...
oh shit. What happened?
Dont commit suicide, if you need someone to chat with i'll be a friend at hand. kids taking their own lives and shit smh
#FF because if you don't I'll pour spaghetti on your head.
Do you still have your Reinhold Messner ID?
I'm going to get a mouse and name him Mickey...because I'm just that cool and original.
Everytime I see Evan Turner I think about how stupid the 76ers are that they didn't draft Demarcus Cousins. They would be so much better.
Thank you for the ReTweet!
Thanks for the follow:)
My favorite personality always loved you and still
I'd find the data really useful if it integrated with my nav apps. They mentioned this as a potential revenue source.
With vinyl and cassette on a huge upswing, we're curious... would you by music on 8-track or microcassette? What about mini-CD?
Wow!!!! Union Station you make us run. Thanks for showing your Ficelle love today!!
Tumblr guys are the best. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
Look what you've done... Prob wouldn't have worked this hard has it not been for you.
How to unfollow a Facebook post after leaving a comment via
No matter how many trips I take it still never feels real until I'm on the plane, actually going there.
just love your new song #swagitout makes me wanna get up and dance!:)
maybe for you. For me, hot is a sick understatement.
um lunch is on you,,,
ahh.. in other words "she's following me bro. i'll tell you bout it later." ....i got u.
Interested in attending the next #TNI tweetup 6/8-11? Hit me up for more details! $100 Special Twitter Rate at !
Catching up on with the sis. I've missed the last two weeks! Love this show.
let us know what you think! You'll definitely have to make it back for that pork belly.
Can't tell if it's my pride,dignity, or self esteem, but I'm feeling as if I'm not good enough. Going to sleep at 2, can't think while sleep
So thankful to be alive right now. I'll live for God everyday. Promise ya that.
Yeah plus were not the only ones that is annoyed that trash like 90210 and GG got renewed and worthy shows get cancelled
sounds like lots of fun! I was without my iPhone for 3 weeks, first 2 weeks I was ok, but the 3rd week I was <U+E416> lol
Haha but it's so damn catchy!
#Sharon Needles
Special #FF to and for keeping my calendar packed and belly full while in
I've never felt so sick in my entire life and my ass is in school right now.
Need help w critical office issue: Please send recs for decent, affordable coffee. Thanks!
omg I'm glad I didnt give up! I meant some cool people! :)
and if you're going 2 dream, dream big. The of one is amazing thing to see “: DREAM...Then DO.”
Rev. Long, Rev Long...
but guess what
#startuphealth very elucidating. "yes, people ARE allowed to have their entire medical records under HIPPA."
Yeah, that would be fantastic.
Two college games on tonight: UH (11) v. Tulane and Virginia Tech (10) v. Georgia Tech (21)...which one will you be watching?
AH your observant....
#ThosePeople who always correct other peoples grammar but yet the cant even spell a word right btw it's "or" not "er"
Damn! I wasn't prepared for that one!
No, those days are long gone. (Gone with my 20s.)
He was kicked out... You know what for? He was night putting, just putting at night with the fifteen-year-old daughter of the Dean...
i also tweet inspectiv from a completely different app..too easy to tweet something off-color if on same app
The new Air album is really sweet.
OSU! I've wanted to go there since I was born hahaha
Miss World Chairman Julia Morley signed the contract that makes Indonesia official host of the Miss World 2013 and 2015 competitions.
Royal Flush - you know it happens to you. Sometimes you need access to a clean #bathroom when you are out in the
they should run smartOS!!
The has some stuff from time to time.
lol it's like he's singing to me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I dont understand why im getting the attitude (x
So ready for Game of Throne to start back! I heard it's this coming Sunday. Hopefully that's not a lie!
"I'm not a Homophobe... I have a Gay Friend" is the new "I'm not a Racist... I have a Black Friend"...
OK. Godaddy is back. Must have been your magic touch. Thanks!
Tip of the day: If you dont want to wait then alls you got to do is show up not on time.
thank you and congrats
OH SHIT! That's so exciting I am so happy 4 u mamas! YAY PARIS! Damn Lina you never cease to amaze me!
i know! Me too
Learn about how UCAN helped people during the holidays on Perspective this Sunday at Noon.
thank you for the heads up on the hacking issue earlier...: )
talking points for later: specialist presence on stage. 2) Ability to be mobile on stage. 3) new positions opening up. Maybe more
Oh wow! Thank you! There is... it's available on Amazon
“: Ahh I bet it was a riot! I can't wait to see the highlights! :) ” it was cray!
Brian likes One Direction, awh. I love him even more.~
Hey Wat's up
Not enough hours in the day.
Every where I go they show me love
great talk today at #uxsconf!
Congrats #Dodge! All that hype you've created and the new #SRTViper looks exactly like the old
And now onto the 15th. Or is this purgatory?
Movies with Thomas later :)
Pilgrims came to America because in England, the king made a law that if you live in England you had to believe his beliefs.
They're selling boba at school tomorrow right?
thanks so much for the RT!!!
Practiced disinterest.
Christ is born, give glory; Christ is on earth, be lifted up!
I still wanna go to outlook over ezoo
was it honey boo boo child!?!?!
my parking spot in San Francisco costs more than my monthly rent for my college apt.
I might actually be productive tonight. Cooked dinner, washing clothes, taking a bath, and writing
#EBUS118 Put #EBUS118 in the search field on the top bar.
“Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it’s not going to get the business." -Warren Buffett
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DR. SEUSS!
Time for smackdown!
Don't know how Harden doesn't have a concussion after that hit from World Peace.
Dragonite rolls and Spearow kabobs for the high rollers and only fried Magikarp for poor people
Hey. I miss you.
So where's the 5 o'clock happy hr near convention center? Won't make it to newseum, but can probably afford a quick drink b4 LOY event
Massage is great for your health!
thanks for a amazing time I'm still smiling today
oh yes It's amazing I do both but I prefer snowboard. Powder Mt. is killer. Did you try Solitude? I like it 'cause it's rustic :0)
Barrera's motion passes. Most schools will not be closed!
Man o man... Iam gettin my moneys worth at work today.....
We're having our #MTG Avacyn Restored Pre-release on April 29th! Two flights of 54 players. Come down and open the helvault!
Duke basketball: Looking ahead to next year - Fayetteville Observer
*Alive to opportunity* is an apt description
"How to Succeed" opens tonight!! Make sure to get your tickets!! :D
thanks for the pic choices. They always make the nights end a good one :)
i am lookin extra in all of the new clothes tht i got today luvin them <3
thanks for the 4x$5 gift cards!
I'll be in LA the 17 and 18th.
“: Who the hell is the unit?!?! #JerseyShore”
S&P to downgrade Twitter to 120 characters
We wouldn't have it any other way. ;-}
I will be performing tonight at The Barn in Sanford Florida with The Hope to see ya there!
Omg I swear its to much arguing.
Hey Marysville! Come to TKAM house! Rock and roll is totally really happening right now!!! 851 W 5th St in Marysville!!! $3
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. - Mother Teresa
Wonderful chat with Kindred spirits, dog mysteries, Laura Levine books, Starbucks...
All men are created equal some work harder in preseason
Off to work. Txt me
Never read the Rev Curtis Black series, but it sounds super juicy!
yea...but not a lot...prolly hit MJQ tomorrow...wat bout u?
FCC Disses AT&T, But Lets It Drop Its T-Mobile Merger Application ...
Great Monday! Made some Smoked cheese in Boise today, everyone loved it!
": Sex on the kitchen counter <3" sex on anything <3<3<3
Ah. Im tired.
great opening, ~40 characters, can't remember any name, awesome ost, nothing happened, yet can't wait to see what's next.
Hi vinny have a grand night :)
if you haven't seen the movie "drive", make that a priority.
what's good zamara rivera this is precise manager redell drakeford,i just forwarded you with the dj pack
I recently put the kitty treats in the fridge to prevent thievery. Now every time I open the fridge I have to remind myself not to eat it.
HIGH FIVED right in the face. Jk I love your idiot disease. It makes things interesting.
HOOT by Carl Hiaasen
sorry to hear that i just had a doc give me a ole 2 finger salute and he didnt even offer to buy lunch lol
I rock and I roll sweet Susie!
Limit 5 domains to transfer?? I have 189 on That Registrar That Shall Not Be Named.
no, , offline life and self-presentation is ongoing and relentless, too.
Just had a Guiness with
If you're in Allston tonight, hit me up.
If you don't like someone, don't waste time hating on them, because then you're wasting your own time.
Hubby & I took an airboat ride in the everglades. VERY cool to see gators in their natural habitat.
Oh hell yeah new music thursdays
What matters is the job you do not where you do it gr8t thought when uou think abt hiring
Get creative with your burger. Pick your toppings and dipping sauces only at ABX!
enough of this mood already.
that 5 dolla should get you here!
Thanks for RT!
A mom giving comment: 'this road has not been easy to ban bags. Businesses are complying and there have been no complaints!"
Y can't I tweet jonghyun :c is it because I'm black :C? I need to keep in contact that's my only way to Taemin UGH.
Since 1974 the #Yankees have visited the #Royals at Kauffman stadium 5x on games played on today's date 5/3. #Yankees won 2 of those games.
p.s. I can't wait to be that girl who comes in a bathing suit smelling like sunscreen.
good morning fellow earthling :)
I will be there STRANGER!!!!
It's so fucking hot outside
The name for the sign '&' which represents the word 'and' is ampersand.
Shoot, I didn't choose to rhyme - rhymin' chose me.
Bought new sports bra/booty shorts for dance :)
Happy Valentines Day!!!!!
i got this fart machine!!!! omg!! beware peoples!!! >:D
At Fenway. If a lefty is up you might see me.
Get a Netti Pot! I have allergies used it and clear breathing!
Why are all these youngins rushing to graduate high school. The real world BLOWS enjoy it
Here we go! WPT Jax bullet #2! Just sat down and my friendly neighbor asked if I just won the sitNgo. Obv I replied "sure did!"
I am hungry and tired and i really dont feel like waiting in this waiting room i just wanna get my physical and leave!
Wish I coulda went with today but my funds are pretty low.
Happy Children's Book Week! Celebrate by reading a book with your kids!
you and will do
I miss being on tweeter , and reading 's Tweets , mann do i lovee you ! <3
u ok cuzzo?
No question about that, darling!! ;)
Love your portfolio. You have a new fan!
I know I need to take my but to sleep
next week
thanks for reading! Great conference, my first time here.
- I sprinkle salt after I put them on the baking sheets & don't use parchment paper. It cleans easily enough without.
Tweet dreams.
Happy Hour on our Patio 4-7pm! $2 domestic taps, $3 rails..Tonight is SIN Night! 2 for 1 Rails, 1/2 off Taps, & $3 Root Beer Bombs!
Get that seat warmed up for Sunday!!!
Did you try it on or buy blind? Either, way, very luck!
Would Like to thank all my followers. I have reached 500 today <3 Keep it up and Stay tuned for company news and announcements. Hit me up!!!
Truth. I am personally glad he's gone. Canucks are already hated for much more, don't need another reason to be hated.
i guess you could say its the day everyone who smokes pot skips school and gets blazed
I'd appreciate that. I'd send 2 copies in that case.. I want you to have one
Is this national pick your nose day? Everyone I keep driving past is really diggin. Lol!
i will seriously bring you one right now
Omg crying now he is so sweet and amazing
I have the opportunity to miss the bus and read sparknotes for 15 mins or getting on the bus without reading at all....hm
The downside of the internet is that people read a few things and think they know something.
Where is Avant? I miss him.
Ha! Well I guess that makes sense ;) At least it's prefixed...
New DirectTV commercial?? Wanna-be Mr.Chow.
Open Mic Night tonight @ 7pm! Come support your fellow AU friends as they show off their mad skills.
I don't own an my place of employment, I only work here. If entire airports are closed for 2 days. What do you think I can do for you?
I can't wait till the heats in the 90's so we get out of school early. But we have air conditioning, so it's even awesomer
I know, I know.
just finished a 15 page paper. It was either today or tomorrow...
Hope everyone is having a great summer and getting excited about next year!
dude, we inspire each other bro..
Its on my calendar!
"I haven't seen you in ages, I find myself wondering where you are..." LOVE that song!
get the waffle tower if you're feeling brave.
I hate when people say they miss me when they clearly don't ! I'm not dumb
got it thanks!
We got news for ya Arlington! With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
#ILoveMyMomBecause of her cooking<U+E420>
First He Say Some BullShit then he say " My money to long nigga My weed to strong Nigga, FUck everybody, Im in my own zone nigga
and the WINNER is...congrats. You won a deucebrand watch courtesy of High School Hopefuls...DM me your address
ditto. #forrealsies indeed.
9:30 and 76 degrees! Why don't you and hop in your car and come down to the big D! We can look for !
Children in female-headed families are also disadvantaged because they are less likely to have highly involved fathers
You know what the NFL should do about all these injuries? Expand the schedule to 18 games..
Playing the Red Horse Cafe Park Slope, Brooklyn one week from today. Drummer Chris Benelli will be joining me for an evening of good times!
Subway sub with lays potatoe chips >>>
RIDE (ride) SWERVE (swerve)
just covering all my bases here but congratulations Kevin! Really happy for you man
#NewNicknameForMettaWorldPeace - The artist formerly known as 'Ron Artest'
But hopefully just as captivating. :) maybe one of the cows on the ranch will attack our camp site or block the trail. :)
I just hiccup-sobbed through the last ten minutes of Rashida Jones' ep.
On a sunny day a leaf on the ground is a warm leaf... put that sunlight through a magnifying glass and... its a leaf on fire.... thats focus
Open hearts & eyes see the party. Take a step home! #prodigal. Celebration Worship this morning Tell it!
yeah I know... psh you never said goodbye to me:( I will miss you cause I won't be seeing you in a while:)have a good ride home
Thanks. Yeah. Seems to have lots of useful information.
Up and at it —
not next year but the year after...they might actually be fun to watch now!
Only 21 more performances to see Tony Award nominated Judith Light and the cast of LOMBARDI!
dam thats where i was gona take you to eat for prom! xD
Nice to meet you Mark, have a great weekend!
Very cute outfit - well done with the polka dots!
Seriously! little brothers are pests
Sometimes, even though you try, you just can't be nice to everyone... Sad
My Son Got A Mean Attitude Problem Haha
Dump trucks are crushing personal property; media is barred from area; protestors hit with batons, digital media confiscated..
Another day down! Another opportunity to do better all over again tomorrow! Tomorrow we succeed! Tomorrow we win!!!!
So happy 3 Doctor Who eps are up for a Hugo! Way to go Community as well.
There are a ton of short codes that will help with posting by email.
Both #China AND #India visas are now complete. This only took 5 business days. Since when did bureaucrats become efficient?
We look forward to seeing you!
Miss T rite here bruh (ImmaQT)
Gardening accident.
The only way a Chinese man could get a whole peanut out of a monkey's bunghole was to use his mouth... for an hour. Ya never go
Lets go warriors!!!
wow youre early lol time to have fun with that Beemer rear wheel drive . . .
Not true. Dragged way too much. Matches lacked heart and practice. AND its fake. Give me UFC.
you know it! :D.
You are not even human fucking beings! *Marine Corps DI*
Ur welcome boo just want u to get well... cuz being sick is no joke
can't smoke shit .... where the pussy at lol
Tune in to today's DeWitt Law Review as we discuss small business entities. Give us a call with your questions 1-800-329-5858
whew! I was about to get quite jealous.
did you just get hit by a bus???
ok been giving next steps some thought - you guys going to be at teavolve 2nite? If yes what time?
Take the jump. Whatever your scared to do do it, who knows when you'll have another chance?
Nothing better than cruising around Baltimore in a shiny clean car. 30min until we pick 3 lucky winners. RT to enter.
Contact the instructor directly for the grade. Email: and we can direct you to help with the grant
I wish but my pair just broke and I don't have money for new ones
Red Mortgage Capital Leads Nation as Top FHA Multifamily Lender Per HUD Fiscal ... - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
#RESPECT RT : thanks for you effort tonight...
The Stay Home and Read a Book Ball (#stayhome&readball) launches this week, and we got our first donation! Thank you, Rebecca!
Nothing better than an amazing hug from someone genuine. It can bring me to tears.
or "too much education debunks my ideology/faith"
hahaha me too! :)
I don't care for flowers but from a guy, I'm a sucker for flowers!
I hate the itchiness of this shirt
yay!! Wanna come party with me on Saturday?
RT : RT : USDA Invites Applications for Grants to Provide #Broadband Service to Remote Rural Communities MORE:...
Have you ever been to Florida? you should come here soon!;) follow me?
oh we are in and filling up our bags!
no apologies needed!!
Walking to 's annual dinner & the city is living up to its nickname.
*cough* no life *cough*
Discipline yourself so others don't have to - lovin that quote from bill Walton
. If you have to freeze a cookie to make it taste better, you're already losing.
Cardinal's are playing home this Sunday. Accent is here to transport you to and from the University of Phoenix stadium in style.
Feel ur pain. Same here. RT : not eating out or spending $ for a few weeks. Christmas kills me! #ramennoodles it is for lunch.
RT Watch the plan take effect. Helping the family discover substance abuse in the home. FB coalition for a drug free home.(Like it)
Hey there, #JoeBlow. Why don't you come in off the street?
OLLU Softball - Won 8-1 over University of the Southwest
My #FaveAvenger is Iron Man...as Tony Stark. Or Thor...yum. // RT : Who is your #FaveAvenger? Use the hashtag to tell us!
I want something else to get me through this semi-charmed kind of life.
I rly <3 that when I restart my phone bc it froze, it automatically sends msgs it perceives as undelivered to various contacts.
CongratsWang Her on your 2nd Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sac franchise owner. We value our partnership with you!
loving you is easy because your wondeerful
Daughters tend to have labors similar to their mother.
What makes miley beautiful? euum let me see.. BITCH SHE'S BEAUTIFUL BECAUSE SHE'S BEAUTIFUL.
5-7 page argument paper, MLA format on a topic of our chosing
GO FOLLLLLOWWW FOR A HUGE SOLO SHOUTOUT:)))))))))))
Go to Mungerart.com and see Roseann's art work. You are going to love it!
the site looks nice!
“Today, you have 100% of your life left.”....... Tom Landry. Yes, that means there's still time to achieve your dreams. Now get to it :)!
Heights of serene contemplation
you sure?
tell paten that he wishes that he was this cool
Before my nigga die he wanted a old skool wit 24" and make dis money wit me and his bro fuck all of.dat now.u in a better place
“: NOW: spox: We still have every expectatn #civilunions will recv vote fr full House. It's right thing to do" #COleg”
Haha when he's sees me he's gonna wanna get it in right then & there!!! O i can feel it!!! ahahaha XD
"Perhaps its human nature not to admit there are things you can't do."
Guess I'll keep ALEX IS AMAZING an CHRIS BROWN IS A LEGEND a TT while Watching Elf #thingspeopleshouldnt do watch Pineapple Express
Flight for ALA reserved.
Wait...when did About Two Ferns get a TV show?
your a lucky mother fucker thats why !
sorry to hear that.. GoIceCaps!
Why not provider-to-patient direct transfer of #DigitalHealth info rather than via single Internet portal? #PDA12 #AHA2012 RT
Hey all. Molly here from Chicago...city of hapless sports fans..I can't wait to learn from & others.
just in case you missed the memo-- tonight we are premiering "Patterns & Perspectives"-- a new architectural exhibit from our permanent...
My friend cheated on his gf not nice /:
Just got my digital recorder working at the END of this cool Civil Rights panel. So much for my tech diva credibility. *sigh*
done follow back
is singing the Captain Planet planeteer themesong (he remembers all the words too!) Is Whoopi Goldberg doing voiceovers?
I bet that will go really well.
We'll have the link to the new song on YouTube within the hour!
I'm not done. It just feels like it. LOL
cubs sox are all good!! As long as its Chicago!!!! That's where I grew up!!! ;)
you bringing some of those Armenian ass kicking skills down to Tampa for ?
Great pics! better step up his game in the photography department.
Relaxing in the sun! Got my sunscreen on :) #protectyourskin <U+2600>
Another #blessed day is here
It's my go-to topping when I make pizza at home (though I use medium...)
Did you take pics?
oh, i miss chapel hill, especially this time of year!
Thanks for the ice cream, YUM!
Your not a necessity.
Presentation Preparation
Thank-you so much, that is very kind. I really enjoyed doing the Q&A.
So is your face
Had so much fun this weekend that I am wishing I had another day off!
Xbox "Update in Progress" ME "wtf is taking so long, i just wanna shoot some shit"
No Problem!
Begin to see yourself as a soul with a body rather than a body with a soul.
Thanks! I sent it along to my math teachers as well. The graphing calculator is awesome!
This thing is exploding....Watch this and take the FREE tour here if you see why I am so excited. Next stop is the world!!...
Bout to watch underworld awakening.......randomn convo wit
Can I touch your legs? Do I make you sweat?
this is the only way to do it when someone else is playing the property taxes :)
To fit in place with Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8.
I just assume that's how the British spell it.
#AISM why r blogs a special category of SM?
Yes!!! I almost never make it to games so it was still fun but disappointing
I'm the fire warden for my floor. We do annual drills. Building told me we should bring street-clothes disguises for Friday.
Can't leave Columbus without getting something new at the shop.
Penalties & turnovers killing drives - and extending drives for Denver. Can't win playing stupid football.
Another brand built to perfection by Joseph & Vanderpool...we are proud to work with the team at Greenbriar . Clair . Motlow
When the hour is upon us/And our beauty surely gone/No you will not be forgotten/No you will not be alone--ROB THOMAS
So let me get this straight, you take off work the day that's before your birthday but come in today, your actual birthday....riight
Hey nice pic
New Client: United Calvary Church - Website design, CMS, & Photo gallery. Stay tuned for updates and domain info
Harry potter on Friday! Hooray!!.
more like #isit6yet :-(
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.
I learned something very important this weekend, I can't dance.
Genghis Cohen was a blast as usual! Thanks to all who were there! More to come + thanks for following!
RT "Man is not made to till the soil. His birthright is dominion, not subjection." Mary Baker Eddy in Science and Health,...
It's Time by Imagine Dragons is my new favorite song!
cool cupcakes!
HEY :) Thank you for the follow!! :) - Ava & Loretta
what do you mean? Like a phone number?
So ready for the lady vols game later!
The Descendants left me itching to visit Hawaii. Startling to see Clooney puffy and worn, w/ out his sparkle. Really liked the film.
psh what are you talking about....mine never left!
Thanks for coming out and joining us for Damsels! We've still got room at Rocky Horror tonight. Or join us June 2nd for next one
Got to work on a car with my dad =D
this is the prob with idealist theory. It never recognizes the tech conditions for its own practices and discourse.
I'm tired,I'm part of the staff in our school play and I'm egsosted!
TYSM! You have been a great cheerleader!! So happy!
If you love me! Here's what I'll do, I'll take care of yooooooouuuuu!!! ---->
Is your heart so hard that you know longer feel a prick (conviction) ?
"Melvin Mora, numb nuts." - a ten year old child
Bored to death in school
I wish I was at Pluckers right now :(
haha I live that song!!
Thanks much for the following us.
Yes I do! :D #iloversyew<3
we saw Da Bear's Greg Olsen at zoomanity tonight.
Beauty , Whats Your Youtube name , I LOVE YOU !!!! FOLLOW ME PLEASE !
With your help! Thanks for the support.
We are attending a show and a #JAPANDROIDS show on consecutive nights. Gonna be rough. Easier when they billed together:)
10) Look at the solutions, not at the problem. - From Donald Trump’s 10 rules of success.
I hope I see you this saturday or Im gonna be SAD :(
RT : Two teens holding another boy down & hacking his hair off his head because they think he is gay is not a prank. It's assault
": " that kid is so cute, he's like a ginger harry potter!" "
Don't worry, I won't!
#DoubleRainbow RT : Thanks to the The New Mexico Fan Page for sharing Red River's photo and the great sentiment that goes...
You are dirty. Go shower you hoe. You're on my badside, goodluck to you.
HEADLINE: Name of Kentucky Derby Winning Horse Confirms Last Drink Was Not Enough
guys that dont know how to hit on girls... " i saw you lookin at me ;) " " ...but i wasnt... "
#YouAintHittinItRightIf I fall asleep during it
Hm, it kind of alarms me that ethics aren't inherently incorporated into ALL MBA courses to address repercussions of decisionmaking
If BN was trying to give Nook buyers some confidence, they're failing. Regretting my choice right about now.
trynna hop on da men's league team? Gotta submit da registration by da end of the month
Northbound 94 closed at Ryan Road. Detour: exit at Ryan Rd, East to Howell, North on Howell to Rawson and West on Rawson back to I-94
congrats! I still have to get a 50-miler in sometime
I love getting free food at the Cafeteria.
People are really making it hard for me to be happy
Makin the bed rumble n the morning... It's like electric shock therapy for my partner!
yeah he is just looked it up I like his skills
Dear well-meaning people, Please don't add me to your Facebook group. If I want to join, I'll do so myself. Thnx. Stephen
I need more help with the simple situations!
In Sifu Restaurant now. Waiting to serve so hungry :( mood: hungry :(
I know. RIP Aaliyah <U+2764> <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
:B thanks. i basically died when he did x)
debating adding a cello part to one of our studio tracks. anyone play the cello, live in ROC and want to record a short section?
Worry is a cycle of inefficient thoughts whirling around a center of fear. ~ Corrie Ten Boom
Analysis: Sharks circle McClendon's Chesapeake confident it criminalizes homelessness in Turkey
how bout your favorite game
Dude my followers rock. Thank you guys for always being there :D
I miss you too! College Alegbra is kicking my butt...think I failed my last test! AH! Let's! :D
mike stuffing his face again! Gonna be an early bedtime. Happy paddy's!
I will be attending #BiteOfLV tomorrow. Great music, great food. Super excited! -Ap
My bedroom. Time for a renovation and new linens!
Bose + Pioneers = Relaxed with my cast foot kicked up
Trying on pairs of $300 shoes because I can...'t afford to buy them.
We're just a couple of straight dudes that enjoy small dogs, Pinterest, and "My Super Sweet 16." Any questions?
our own twitter mini-sphere...just like playing shows in Athens
I actually love that they still do that :). It's the English major in me.
My dad almost ran over the cutest little puppy :(
I feel like walking around school with my nuts just hangin' out
Did I make it in time?
Can't wait! That campus is a blast!
that may take a long time. I know A LOT of people ;P
I kinda thought so. Thanks for the info. Are you still in Israel?
Just read up on that Kony thing. That's disgusting. Sometimes it's great to be informed about the world.
Kelly rocks
Haha I'm gonna stop
I wonder if I've met the person I'm going to end up marrying.
Energy and stamina is key for those 50 years old and older and their ability to produce economically.
Words w/ Friends. Where have you been hiding all this time?
#ff Oh this is gonna be good. Follow peeps
Put me in a place with a dance floor or room to dance and it's over. I can go for hour. I just need a water bottle and space.
Welcome to twitter!!
I CANT GET OFF MY LAZY BUM! I'm absolutely knackered.
Entouch Keep Pretending by Latash Gardner a Hughes T&CSD exexutive Secretary lead 2 KCLA FM when Double Major ended
Ashamed to say I don't know diff bet a nano & a micro, but am a big fan
Super Bowl this weekend!!!!!
Man status just sky-rocketed with the purchase of a lawn mower today. I think I just felt a chest hair poke through!
RT College Hockey Fans - we'll have some exciting news for you around 11:00am, stay tuned...
I had a few words with D. Remsen at the BISON meeting, I think this is a swell idea.
What do you call a cracker that won't grow up? A sal"teen"!
That awkward moment when youre dying listening to Austin pretending he's a dying fan..
#VanHalen #MoheganSun DLR must be doing yoga watching him move on stage and Eddie played some runs that could only have been him Satisfying
Shop scores over 90: Tia, Stephen, Maria Michael, Jonathan, Dee, Joe and Nykol
Everybody on something tonight. Tonight could materialize into something great.
I don't think I could have worked out any more today... holy shit...
My latest album "FREE FALLING" is now available on your favorite music apps!! Now live on itunes, spotify, etc ... Support Local Music!!!
People are so hypocritical it's funny how someone says another person does this and that yet they do the very same thing
Want to talk to you about a TV appearance...please email - Thanks!
lmao, sorry I have to jump in...that doesn't even sound right.
and people writing back to it, that's embarrassing.. lol.
Question: I'm a member of , but memberships are "paid memberships" as indicated on your checkout page. Does it still count?
Super pumped for tonight's #cougartown. 's two great shows coming together. #scrubs #ABC7:30CST
:). The broccoli was delicious. !
Lmaooo!!! No he almost died its a long story lol I'll have to tell you about it later but it was scary & funny at the same time
still upset, that u left me stranded in MEXICO... Boy I bet u thought I was dead and GONE!
haha yep that's why I covered everyone ^^
Well, thanks.
Couldn't agree more. We should hold our legislators to a higher standard. Lost respect for those in hoodies. Wait for the facts.
Thank you!
It's in the isaacson biography. I have the eBook so I can't give you a page ref. but it's almost at the end.
Proof deleted, you can breathe again :D
Well, Happy Birthday!
This is the day I made a twitter, since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY! #leggo 4
let goo
LOL, pretty funny, kinda like i'm spying on you :)
That is one reason I am not allowed to have post-its :D
how is the adventure hunting coming?
I wish there was a compelling reason that I'm not at a gun club right now.
Under an hour left to shop laurelhurst, the pearl and Fremont! Many of our stores open late tmw. Check websites for hours. Happy New Years!
In response to "WHAT'S A BOOK?" RT : ITS LIKE A PAPER IPAD.
It's the whole copyright thing. I'm trying to stay out of jail till I'm at least 45.
Hey, #Pottermore is finally open to the public. Remember Pottermore? I barely did.
Haha well did you write about me? ;)
North Texas is getting a bad reputation. 12 inches of snow before NBA All-Star 2010 ... now THIS before the Super Bowl?!?!
sorry I was a no show I have to pack for DC tomorrow. And my crew bailed
aww I wish I would have said something lol
hm good point. still should get a high score, haha.
Breakfast with my aunt at bob evans #yum <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
haha oops my bad awkward twitter moments....
When a hot guy offers you help and he gets so close you can feel his breath tickle your ear.
Good call on the #gaymarriage issue. #libertarians have had that view from the get-go. #justsaying. :)
Have to bring a white elephant gift to a party tonight. Any suggestions? (under $10)
Everyone in a car seems to be psycho today. Please take a big, long, deep breath...
please follow me you both are so talented and so beautiful :)
I wonder what it would be like if I had told you...
If you're at the Frontier League tryout tweet us a photo! It has been a great turnout so far today.
we don't even be doin shit... You went to chipotle nigga so who left who out?
23 Days to Christmas!
Remembering Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s vision. He was God's gift to us. Thank you, Dr. King.
cool. purchased.
Though there are emerging reports saying that Pacquiao didn't make that quote, the reporter did. I guess we'll see.
lol don't know how those girls wear those dresses...they're so tiny and those things can weigh a lot!! I think I heard like...50lb
I LOVE YOU!! <3
At the #green carpet awards - most awesome event!
I'm not gonna ruin this one...
happy mothers day nadine
shit there ain't no parties out here u might as well go to the club
"Buy less, Choose wisely, Make it last."
Bojangles and I have been going steady for the past few months... but I'm really hoping he breaks up with me after I give birth.
What is the weather like where you are at? Here - it is cold and snowing! I think I brought the snow with me to Hungary!
I almost forgot about that Laker/CP3 trade. CP3, Kobe, and Bynum would have been the best team in the league.
RT : Pulling up at the henry b convention center...gonna be live in the MIX! #latinorepresent!
GET OUT THE RYE BREAD AND THE MUSTARD GRANDMA! SAUNDERS, #GRANDSALAMI, WHAT A GAME!
Getting paid to watch basketball all day.
#mikefontenotfacts RT FACT: Mike Fontenot once had to plan his own wedding around the World Series.
TRUE DAT: , mad props! My point= analysis weak. YC has 5 yr jump on portfolio value.
*rolls eyes* hey slut! Lol
Need a good techno/electronic station for Pandora.... any suggestions??
Apples and Oranges do have one thing in common: fruity.
Of course I knew I'd hear that. I have an empty 32x40 that I could fit a beautiful nakie woman on. :P
appears on KPFK re: Obama administrations practices
This Packet Mr. Tullis Left Us <<<
Thank YOU Rob!
Yes, worth the time. Although, won't require much time at all for you.
Early valentines day plans!!
Your awesome thanks! everyone plz follow! <<
Always a good night when is playin records. Good seeing you!
They filmed at Busboys on 14th & V yesterday too.
congrats!! That's so exciting!! Sounds like you felt good about it too!
I just spoke via twitter to She is so kind and sweet. Just another reason I know u have her on your show.
UNITY changing lives 1 wish at a time! Come HELP us do that!
In 1 week a simple email & phone call from viewers resolved 2 community concerns. Email if you want something addressed.
I don't read messages cause no messages :)
I remember that comp. SO good! Mira Costa hasn't put out any music comps in yrs to my knowledge.
I got this thing in my heart called fear none
anti-twitter, but on twitter? Something seems backwards. :-)
Alyssas yellin at Phil for something he didnt say.... Im so mad.
Can't sleep #fml!
um they gave Larry Bird NBA exec of the year. They aren't going to talk about the pacers on E! Amanda.
Its unfortunate that he would chose to tell u that. You are a great guy. Be proud of who u are regardless of others. :)
Twitter got grammar?
thanks. Been a long time coming that Ma and I get along. She's been bragging on me to all the techs n nurses. Too cute!
well we all know i'll be there.. i leave next wednesday morning
LETS GO BEFORE GRADUATION
Uhg I hate traffic -_- its such a hassel... We really need fly cars so I could just press a button and fly over the traffic.
Some of these girls today need to just slow it down they to fast.
Coconut milk. Coconut milk. Oh how i love coconut milk.
Thoughts?? RT Google Offers To Pay For People To Have Their Web Use Tracked Minutely
I did too..you should notice the fans that do that
Thanks! I need a good idea for web hosting and such...any suggestion, PM me.
thanks for the follow back bro! You can check out our latest jam "Carnival" on our Facebook! Find us! Like us!
I moved and 's CDs to the front of the row at Newbury Comics. I love doing this.
Yeah Boy! RT : RT : Well Philly we still alive lol still n it
"Obviously, a man's judgment cannot be better than the information on which he has based it." - Arthur Hays Sulzberger
Got nathan to follow me? anychance of you following me anytime soon?:D<3
trigger, action, reward, commitment.
RT: : How can moms send #Congress a clear signal to #InvestInKids when it comes to the federal #budget?
Glad I got my own place, then.
Hahahaha I find it hilarious cause its not even funny. ;P
great. Thx. How are u
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them
Worry does not empty tomorrow of it<U+FFFD>s sorrow; it empties today of it<U+FFFD>s strength
what are you doing?
You have no idea how bad I wanted to kiss you today...
Few things more baller than a baby's tiny fingernails
The 13th on a Friday.
Come on FCB!
aw thanks Eileen! :)
I'm sorry... CLASSIC ROCK does it for me... The cheesy synth... the reverb on the snare. It exhilarates me haha!
missd u @ BC @ 35K marker - you r 2 fast!! keep running that #BostonMarathon & come back next year - I'll plant myself in Wellesley
Finally got the 1st set of Decolonized Area Rapid Transit posters printed!
Apperently this little girl thinks im old enought to have a 10, 7, and 5 year old....
By the time they're old enough, twitter will be shut down :p
Thanks so much for everything last night! Saw your get involved submission ... will follow up soon :)
so what did I do.
Hopefully l can get to working on music tonight
never been to philly, sounds like a good excuse to me
Looking through old messages >
hey there. New to Chicago? Or just visiting?
Hoping to catch 6am shuttle from City Hall to support GGBridge picket line. Also, noon rally at Mkt/Montgomery.
RT : RT : Commitment is more validation than any words can provide.
Finally got my phone back,thank god!
hope you get well soon bud:)
Weather: Storm chances increasing tonight. Winds, hail, bad stuff. If you're outdoors, please take shelter or have a back up plan. Be safe!
spoiler alert I killed Rosie Larsen for a chocolate glazed
I don't know if it's true for the guy, who tried to stab Nick Jonas, but if it is then he surely has to watch out from the Nick Jonas FANS!!
Thanks to all of our followers for being so patient w/ us on this website. www.iammemphisonline.com is definitely shaping up nicely
oh what'd you get?!
Junk mail that got tossed even more quickly than most: Since you are near or in retirement. . . Who do they think I am? ?
Suppose so :P
Goodbye dallas maveriks
cargo is just like an item traveling a long way lol
Besides being thankful for our fantastic off broadway family, we are thankful for leftovers! Enjoy your turkey/tofurkey sandwiches!
I said please understand I've been drinking again and all I do is hope
less tweets about stuff and more tweets about pub.
just stocked up on ben & jerry's ice cream -- currently, my favorite flavor is the cookie dough .. seriously, so good.
The VIP food menu for Brew at the Zoo is exactly the same as last year. Not mad at all. Those pulled pork sliders are fucking legit.
haha I got the same message in my inbox too!
it's awesome!!
how are you doing beautiful? ;)
I want all my tweeps to follow - She'll instantly follow back, she's online!
Thank you, that's very helpful.
having to go to work<<<<<<playing with loui
I wish I tanned. I just get freckles! :(.
Are we heading to US fascism or US blossoming? "Could be both! Fascism from the top and blossoming from the bottom."
Elizabeth Olsen Offered Role in Spike Lee’s ‘Old Boy’
Just got 2nd Reminder for an audition today. Apparently actors are already blowing off calls. You know what i mean.
Need some fine ink?! Check
It's 5am and I'm still slamming bevs at a bar with no end in sight... Good morning!
#vamp trailer 2 #gracejones was on screen for maybe 10 minutes, had few lines but is still the best thing about this film.
yea its one of those nights for me lol... hopefully itll make for a better day
Are you the Twitter Of The Day? Find out right now!
Working in my back yard (which previous residents seem to have used as a dump) reinforces my dislike for people who disrespect dirt.
Knowledge is power so I keep up to date on current events.
“ Ryan having me rolling talking bout what he gone do prom night. Lmaoo” lol what he say ?
followed your lover from cali?
Noo im fucking single.. Then i go on my exs page & see that shit i dont wanna see..
LOL re haunted house -- anybody else have radiators that banged? RT : LOL - grew up in a haunted house.
my heritage is all German but I wasn't born there. and I'm 23!
two talks today at #WLU in Waterloo, Ontario - on #medialife and on its pedagogy (#t101medialife for example). another perfect day (for me)!
I finally looked up what this Coachella thing is. I had thought it was a brand of designer handbag and luggage for some reason.
Hi just wanted to say hi, and I hope you have a nice day!!!!
Bye all.
..but u did NOT get a shot of the chains on the doors OR us gettin caught by massa's wife! smh lolol..hit me when u get bk
Ginko: Good ingredients, creativity on a roll at this tiny Tremont restaurant
in a few hours our European friends will be celebrating New Years so better early - Happy New Years to all!!
Voices telling me Im Invincible #BeastMode doesn't sleep. Go #Coyotes I just finished a 10.1 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Happy mothers day !
“ Your life would be very empty if you had #nothing to regret.”
Yum! I'm a big bell pepper fan so I'll definitely check out this recipe. Thanks for sharing!
Dear God, I'm on the smallest plane ever. Delta, don't fail me now!
I'm all for pitching a Wang Dang Doodle, but this "kick out all the windows and doors" stuff is where I draw the line.
: Found out it was #DinersDriveInsAndDives, FYI
RT Cafe del Mondo's wedding soup is an exercise in restoration.
haha love the analogy. I know I find myself on there all the time!
and how was it?
Yeah you know I wanna supah freak
get well soon
Just completed a 2 ounces of scotch with Check it out!
me or Luke?
hey my twitters being garbage (not letting me tweet to my followers) please fix!!!
it's just a tweet!
#online hey ppl
extremely useful, niche and much easier than most social media hubs.
Can hear the protestors from my Soho office. They seem to be cheering. Apparently theyre now super-into capitalism upon discovering Old Navy
Engagement is different now. Are we ignoring the ideas or sharing them passionately? Takes confidence & faith.
I haven't seen Cameron Diaz or Angelina Jolie yet.... switched off E! Red Carpet because they wouldn't stop talking....
Looks like everyone is having a fucked up night. I never thought i'd be the one to say it but I wish I was in LA lol
#CHILDREN is on another 2 show day. Meaning you can find us on the break between shows napping in odd corners at Theatre Row!
that still sounds yummy :)
Sorry everyone. I was hacked.
3 stories due in the next few. Need any writing/reporting done? Let me know and bring it on!!
I've never seen lights in the cemetery yet I always look up and see the stars shining brighter up above...
gimme all your lovin'!!
VT is not that bad. Take a little work up front. Students had more issues creating their own VTs than I anticipated, though.
Fuck that bro
HAHA yes and a new right leg too!! :( poor guy!
& BTW, way to stay classy
RT : Beats are only half the battle....but finding dope writers...puts everything full circle
oh sweet haha :P
Laid up with an impromptu back injury. Looking into anti-inflammatory foods before hitting up the Advil.
This knot in my back is killing me.
RT : One of the best pieces of advice ever - nurture every connection, even with your bus driver
We have a new server ready - vpn-in56 OpenVPN SSL server in New York. It's available in your customer area now.
Hmm, my graduate advisor just pointed out that if I transfer to the PhD program, I won't have to write a master's thesis. Very tempting!
YEAH THATS TRUE, IIIGHT IIIGHT RT no its not thirst. The whole world knows I love u chill out
Thank you, bunny! Call me maybe!
A big shout out to & for having me on their #Chiefs Chop Talk show on last night!
Okay who's on!? ~Ashley
The Queen Vic will give a prize
Oh no! That is what happens when personal interest trumps neighborhood advancement, what happened to city planning?
Missing out on all of these interviews cause I'm too lazy to go get my laptop....
RT": Just making a joke on his recent tv appearance and commencent address."|OK. I gotta breathe... :-)
Just had the 2nd screening for the short I co-produced. It's crushing. Getting pumped.
I've got to get in on that.. more people need to use this in portland too!
Going to see Lord of the Dance at PPAC tonight!
Come on, we know you couldn't possibly think that.
I'm open to anything where people on foot who are texting are getting in the way, being a hazard. U know a pissed cyclist?
Thanks. Please share reactions / input when you can.
Tracking heavy Heavy rain, golf ball sized hail in Stearns Co.
Ironic “: RT : Chris Paul has a jammed middle right finger. No wonder he is 1/5 from field
Whn u hve a problem u tell them in a nice way they ignore u
is watching the celtics from my hotel in brazil and really hoping they can complete this comeback...
Working On A Hit*** Now!!!! Know Free My Brother GuttaDezzy
Another winning night for us and our clients! 2-2 +7.5 units. Email me to get on board for the cheapest price of all the cappers out there
YOU ARE NOT! dont say that stupid stuff!
yo just bring my tshirt down the studio
Smooth sailing on the Twitter API for the launch page...
really wants pancakes. not very #goodfriday like, but it's what i want. of course, i'd also like a preachable Easter sermon.
Ion even be in this shit Bruh
don't allow people to make you re-think your gift! if they don't like, agree with or accept you, its their problem!
A4 Leisure suits. No explanation necessary
Just learned about freegeekchicago.org Have an old computer at home? Check them out.
sounds great, let us know when you get everything together and where you are playing.
If you ain't dippin' you must be trippin'...
The Magic Place is the album of my seasonal transition... it makes things feel warmer than they actually are yet. Thanks.
With this network outage...it has me thinking about going to Xbox...this is ridiculous!!
how much will the "technology that can automatically grade essays" and "crowd-sourced grading" cost? that's a curious piece
Name your favorite Progressive, Electro track right now.
Been thinking about this the last few months since we started using Mapnik where I work. I've got deployment less sketchy now.
#King is to cute !
You Already know
I'll be up ;D
TONIGHT! Power Up Your Career Workshop, TN's April General Body Meeting at GWUL - 2901 14th Street NW DC. at 6:45pm. Don't miss out!
because you're being lied to. everyone is a little bit miserable!
siphon more cash to BCTV *cough*cough*
hm ok
Sunday Fun Day! Love the cooler weather in #miami!
RT : Proud to say that I began my career as a #Boilermaker the same day did. Will be graduating with him this...
The U.S. House was in session 173 days in 2011 - one week less than my son's 3rd grade class.
We carry a wide selection of surplus items. Automotive, motorcycle, sign making supplies, collectables, Craft items, plumbing, electrical...
me too
where's rashhaaad carruth when you need him dawg?
glad to hear from you!! How is January treating you so far?
lol what am I gonna do?!
I have nothing at all to do right now. ._.
"The worst form of inequality is to try to make unequal things equal." ~ Aristotle
lol, you know I do. If this trip wasn't already planned out for me, I'd be saying the exact same thing lol.
So there's an ad in the D&C promoting the D&C, but using a photo from a Rochester Business Journal event. Interesting branding strategy.
tell Timmie send a tour bus to scoop me, then let's hot the road for while.
you never said that! Ughh you said so many dates I'm not lieing!! But I'm sorry for what happen to your mom and you said to me
...hahahaha, you are awesome!
*raises a lighter with you* :)
#wcphilly How to write your posts: Capitalize on the latest trends. Make your topics relevant.
CJ2K regaining his form and nickname for that matter.
fuck yeah! You think you'll get it?
dreamy too!
So bummed owl citys not coming to FL for his promo tour :(
This pink star from jamba is on point
gonna lay in bed all day
yikes who are you getting your info from
Thank you!
Follow back? :)
Just close your eyes, take my hand, promise to keep us alive
Ha ha I can't wait. It's the least I can do for all the retweets you do for my blog :)
Great day at the WTR offices - our team is putting on another Rock 'n Roll tasting tonight in Florida, we're helping out charities, our new
RT You're not going to get very far on the Road of Life if you turn around and go home as soon as you run into a Roadblock.
Now accepting applications for the Farmland University of College Kegs. Only 20% of applicants will be accepted.
Clippers vs Grizzlies used to be a matchup for the worst record in the league/lottery pick...now it's a primetime game in the
He Texted Me At Almost 5 This Morning Say He Miss Me... Glad I Was On His Mind :)
I think differently. And a town full of people rocking the red beg to differ. It's a regional thing.
did #Facebook get hacked? what's going on?
Hi! I used to work at BMP :)Can you please RT my new MTV Casting info? MTV NOW CASTING!!
trying to get the locals' feel for things. SD is a very transplantsy city - not many are "from" here. I met a gal here from Pitt!
Ariana Is Bowtiful She is Bowtiful in every way and her cute bows make her even more adorable :) <3
We welcomed to today as our new storyteller intern! Excited to have you on board Carolyn!
To love someone you need not find the perfect person, but to see an imperfect person, perfectly.
With the holidays fast approaching now would be a great time to call and make sure you have all your appointments scheduled. 315-251-9182
I hate how I smell after a run. Don't understand women who run wearing perfume tho
oh good! I bet it went very well. T minus 2 wks til Vegas 30.0!
you can make a blue sky blush
Np Holy Ghost
#askObama Ans. 1 Admitted mistake: Didn't explain and didn't realize how long it would take to get recovery
Fuckin' weird, right?!
Congrats to today's winner ! Please DM us your address so that we can send you your tickets!
I want to work but can't going crazy could have bad back problem need MRI to confirm the worst possible might need to go under the knife
These refs are handing the game to the grizzlies already with the amount of falls being called.
German for peppermint, yes. They were invented in Austria.
thinking, thinking...thinking.
Work is a freakin ghost town.
please drop that mixtape. We needs it
The Superhero Spectacular begins in an hour in the Shults Center. Balloon artist, photo booth, bouncy house, caricaturist, and more!
I've made that before! SO GOOD. Have you ever made chocolcat Mousse with coconut milk? Also SO GOOD.
you are a fool. See you tomorrow!
Pickup Line: The only time I'd kick you outta bed would be to fuck you on the floor!
lol. He's never played a role like that. It was good tho.
Anyone know a website I can stream the game from? Please help me!
S/o to all of are new followers
Hit the jackpot and wanted to move up to cocaine fulfilling the scarface fantasy stuck in his brain
it took me 20 minutes to find everything this morning!
This just in....I remember what anger feels like.
Psalm 147:14 He grants peace to your borders and satisfies you with the finest of wheat.
Would like everyone set your alarms at 12noon, and say a prayer for our brothers and sisters across seas who are fighting for our freedo ...
We about to start giving these tickets away.....maybe a shirt or 2 with it.... who ready???
Shout unto God with a voice of triumph!!! Shout unto God with a voice of praise!!!
who felt the earthquake ?
Satan wants you to look in the rear view mirror (your past) while God wants you to look in his binoculars into your future!
wassup bro we performing tonight at capa and clairiton
True. But... RT : This all makes the inevitable even worse. I knew I should have took tranquillisers and missed everything.
thank you Mr. Carnegie!
Can it just be Saturday night?
RT : Drives me crazy when Dusty Baker lets the pitcher hit then immediately replaces him on the mound.
victory at sea - awesome. I will be stopping down.
Tickets are ON Sale March 25th is the DATE! There are 150 seats and now there are only 119 available :) go to www.MRCJE.com get your tix now
Welcome, Mari! How was your weekend?
But isn't providing a forum for examination, insight, and education to the broadest of audiences part of the mission?
To the person who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail. Happy Holidays, eat, drink & b merry.
welcome to twitter! Sasha here :)
Trailer for rent. No down payment. Comes with some holes and dents where I got tired of his SH*T
PART 2: RT : he's been hanging around eisner ct, selling birds
Boom baby. What a great night :)
how far you stay from there?
Great to hear!!!
It's great hearing the "pitter-patter" of the rain in NorCal
I just had huge discussions on a Diaspora application idea. RIP to Ilya Zhitomirskiy: 22 yr old co-founder of social network Diaspora dies.
right!? It was SO feeling gross! Made me almost puke. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I hate you for that
Twitter still says ur not following me, so I can't respond. Hm
RT : Wisdom that should B in your stream so #FF ollow
just fell asleep on my bed.
The only joy I can pull from the end of the Bundesliga season is that I am that much closer to seeing my beloved #S04 in person - May 9!!!
Hackers just published 1.2 GIG trove of docs from ultra right wing "US Chamber of Commerce."
Taking a break from writing...shit is hard y'all
be awesome! But that's just me
thank you:)
Thanks for the follow! Great seeing you today and I'm looking forward to connecting again soon.
1/2 hour until showtime at #BroadwayBares and are proud to support the show!
careful guys. The Easter Bunny's looking to take over both your gigs!
My little sister wants her tongue pierced. Hahaha cool. I'd bring her to get it pierced if my parents would let me. But they won't :/
The logic in "I heard love is blind" is brilliant. I wish we could hear the songs that would have flooded out of Winehouse 10 yrs from now.
#AAFMiami wants your voice to be heard... What speakers/topics are you interested in hearing this year? Message us www.facebook.com/aafmiami
It's a hard fought for title, along with "most charismatic accountant" and "most suave engineer."
I Really Hate My Mom Sometimes (-__-)
On my way to #dolorespark!
Don't forget to check out the Juilliard Jazz All Stars, After Hours @ Dizzy's through April 16th! www.jalc.org/dc/c_afterhours09.asp
MORNING MY LOVE!
Holy smokes, that was good! s1/ep11. Amazing writing, extraordinary acting. I want to see what they can do w season 2.
Amere(?) punched a fire extinguisher and cut his hand
Does your family visit the pumpkin farm every year?
tweet tweet
Oh woah, just saw my first real city rat in San Fran!! He ran right next to me!!! Ah!!!!!!!!! :O
Realizing I won't get my daily field of greens lunch come summertime.. waaaah
K-state needs to knock out Syracuse if only to spare us all from having to watch them play again.
How sweet it is. Just scored a free bag of Garrett popcorn at "Do you need a social media policy?" session
#WeLoveHarryStyles & Everything about him
David Maurasse now speaking regarding universities as economic engines for community stability, resiliency.
Indeed, from - but... attributed to what research? Listing a co's name isn't attribution (with all due respect to...
Chris is wearing a shirt from the Jesse James line (no longer available). Got it at Team LA.
Owwwww Eclipse Rehearsals on a WEEK OMG!
Yay RT First Saturday I've been off in over two years. It's a BEAUTIFUL day!!! :D
yes, we are and you should definitely attend. Workshops and private sessions if interested :)
Yea I have been working on it I am not the only one . Sorry for any inconvience
Can't wait for casting calls to begin for
you should do better than that the east is filled with shitty teams
thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets and learning more about your biz. Cheers from SF.
Nope :( QT : know anyone in Maryland? Lottery loser
I hate mf that don't keep they word.
Congratulations! You won the latest draw for Lunch with Max, any plans to come to LA in the near future?
Trying to get a keek but I can't ;(
"It's time to advance and time to grow. There's a bigger picture for you! Be bigger today then you were yesterday. "
1 week after the concert !!
I use to be on it when that show came on when i was little lol
Lumpy's Burgers...OK, this is interesting just to order. I hope the food is good.
Thanks for tweeting a picture. I sure enjoyed getting to know MPIGulfStates
Will this rain ever cease?! I hope another Noah's Ark thing doesn't have to be built...I can't deal with animals for long periods of time.
jk might not be spanish at all... woo strange foreign language!
Hey there, (amandavolz), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Look like crap, feel like crap, I am crap.
lol tricky tricky
In about an hour! =)
Next class which means closer to lunch
Lot of 100 Old School House Techno Dance 12" Vinyl Records will be posted at 6:30 PST Tonight Check out title list when you get a chance
Wow- awesome- just worked with legendary dir. for his first twitter interview w/ abt.
Don't think it matters -- just be consistent.
Word, thanks! We'll try to be there for sure.
Merry Christmas to all!
"Cybergoth fashion combines rave, rivethead& goth fashion as well as drawing inspiration from cyberpunk and other forms of science fiction"
The restaurant or the work crew? :)
If he can't get his babip going against this team it may time to cut him.
So what Class are you rolling in Diablo I?
How can we measure good?
give me $10 and I'll give you 30 minutes of rocking your vaginal world. ;)
Annoyed that it's taking so many days to set up Internet in office! Any tips on ISPs who have faster turnaroud in Palo Alto?
Scripting for Android (S4A). Nothing equivalent for iOS since that would circumvent their approval process
che k ya phone
saw a random picture of with tyler the creator lol
thanks for being a trouper - your stomach will thank you :)
My cousin Diego is gonna go watch the Chelsea & Bayern Munich game live :'(
watching obsessed boi. both these bitches are CRAY CRAY.
Missing you is not the problem; wondering if you miss me is.
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657. please follow me back. also i really like your videos. =)
glad to assist! :-)
You will meet billy someday !
So glad to see these two working together. is such an incredible talent. n I good old friend. #God'sSpeed
I have some good random ones (different baseball stadiums) but unless you display them, pretty useless.
Man, what a start by Greinke. Sure would be nice to get him a win in this half inning.
Thx to for a well-attended #webinar yesterday! BA Competency & Improved Performance in #Insurance &
Your face looks fucking ugly, but your boobs look nice, so I forgive you.
CRUSH! Thanks again for coming.
yeahh lets go I got the flu and been sick all break but good now I need to
I was watching Superman 3 and I felt bad for Richard Pryor.
Unless they use a strap on then they not Dikes
Rings are indicative of how great your team is not you individually
Come down to Dumbo and check out Project 261. Incredible art benefit show. All proceeds go to PS261.
What a great day for Haskell grads and Indian Country!
Why are there instructions on my toothpaste? That's like putting instructions on toilet paper.
Share your online dating horror stories with us! We want to hear the worst of the worst.
Meanings Behind Famous Car Logos by knell63
In bed, reading a wonderful book.
#SoProud! Just downloaded your app I'm very impressed! :) Congrats on your continued growth & success <3
Manimal and just need to run the pick and roll every trip
ah yeah!
welcome...party hard!!!
Who is excited for the new photo contest? Who is going to make something and enter it?
Ugh! We don't wanna win this game!
Thanks for spreading the word Reanna! Hope you enjoyed it. John Ziegler
Hopefully I'll have it ready early next year. Def agree with using whatever motivation is available to get words written!
OHH, that article was about a LIBERIAN prison, not a LIBRARIAN prison
Republicans supposedly want to cut entitlement programs, but only one candidate is going to stop all foreign aid.
RT : most surprised that sales and publishers are at completely different places (and only available by appointment)
Wow ref.
My favorite TED Talk
One more conference call.
Morning do not work for me..don't bother me till like 11am lol
I feel like a celebrity now that you're following me.
If anyone gets tweets from inside the Q, please RT them!!!!
#ypweek coffee social at gravity. Join the conversation....join the movement!
David West on podium. Good dude. I met him when I worked Xavier's camp
He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
Yes, I'll go to Germany for a month to develop your concept. You pay expenses. Or we could hold our meetings over Skype for free.
Time to go for a run :)
Thank you for my meatball sub! It's delicious!
A hidden collection includes materials that scholars would not be reasonably expected to find with thorough research.
under arrest is when a person is restricted frm leaving & bein in custody is when a person attempts 2 leave the arrest
Sharing and spreading the love, like a flying elbow from "Metta World Peace"
FOLLOW YOUR FOREHEAD MISTER!! :D
and yeah he is alot need to shut his old cracked put ass up
this house explosion is crazy...saw the pic of the shades melted. How do u rig a house 4 an explosion like that.
#SEM works, though I'm not as pithy as I'd like. Do enjoy the random discussions on list, too. Not all, but some.
yes we do.
Diego Scotti : creating good content is not cheap. Create great content that is authentic, it's worth it.
You only have one life, so just live it.
going to the movies :)
Thanks man! That really means a lot!!! RT : The new album kicks ass!
I AM FINALLY WORKING ON MY 2ND ALBUM, IT'S GOING TO BE GREAT!
These niggah droppin dimes, they sum real snitches. the only dime that i ever dropped, was some Bitches.
THE O'S SWEEP!!!!!! What a game. What a game.
can you let floyd mayweather know im coming after him ? i mean this in the most serious way ever too
Today I'm nostalgic for the giant yellow derby hat I got to wear in 's play "The Honeymoon Period" last spring.
Great educators teach as if school is part of world, not separate, isolated entity. There's no "outside".
Liam!(; Aww I wanna see it!(:
new economics of Publicy: social status/rankings yield benefits - hotels handing out freebies based on CloudScore ratings
I'm a have to ask you to actually TWEET something instead of following ppl like a STALKER lol
Back from Ramsey Park, and Full of Zen-ness. I was a bird. I was a blade of grass. I was all the blades of grass.
So any advice for avoiding alligators while running through the Everglades in the middle of the night?
That's actually why she was there. She got new teeth and didn't pay for them.
Your eyes are composed of more than 2 million working parts.
lets tan tomorrow :)
#DaBears game right now... Cathouse later for my bday celebration.
From : No matter how much you try, you can’t stop people from sticking beans up their nose.
it was really good. They make the mozzarella
Potential awesome career with Coker Tire in Chattanooga. I cannot tell you how enthused I am! I <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> classic cars and motorcycles. Rollin'!
is this a date for possibly an album of some sort?! :)
That feeling when you don't shower after you work out. My CK undies are drenched with sweat and failure.
nevermind!!! off the stage now
How about the Diamondbacks and Nationals? Both of those bullpens have been unreliable at best.
#Pens are classless and gutless... LeTang goes after kimmo? They don't let Giroux and Crosby go? C'mon...
You don't want to miss the worship service at MYC tonight! Jesus will be there... will you?
My #49ers are ready for them #Giants. Can't wait
so you got tired of loosing to me with them. Lucked up and beat me. Now saying "its my team eye always play wit them" lol
I support school vouchers and home schooling. Let's bring NC back to greatness!
Perhaps everything that frightens us is, in its deepest essence, something helpless that wants our love. ~ Rainer Maria Rilke
Last final tomorrow! Trying to cram! (not a good look) *future college students* DO NOT PROCRASTINATE!
We're looking forward to serving a lot of Jimmy Luv Bloody Marys
Yeah yeah
Youngest daughter talked me into wearing matching fedora hats to the K Derby party. Then five minutes in she chickened out, took hers off.
u need to come out here and get a lil taste of Vegas "tho" lol
Show your #CLE pride! WEAR it! Check out www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com new updated photos give you a better look at our tees!
Plays posted today from 113 cappers on football with the side even in the cotton bowl but over is strong at 23-7....Back Sat. NFL
This kitchen is about to pop. They can't hold their cool much longer.
It's hard to give a fuck about school now
k cool
where is my handsome nephew???? I miss him!!!!
Man I miss Ed, Edd, n Eddy' that was my show.
A big BOO to ABC for canceling 10 episodes isn't a fair run! And to keep the souless, drab Apt 23???
haha yeah bastards! Don is stocked up though so I'll be good
Sign the WBT petition! "We must stand against anti-immigrant attacks in our collective commitment to end racism."
Back to school & business tomorrow.
Hey how was your Easter??? Follow? It'll make me smile FOREVER!
" very cool! Hurry up March!
Well, it should be a new experience, then! Hope you enjoy it. You're always welcome to stay for BK! ; ) Music is good for the soul.
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho who are ignorant
I'm good.(: thanks for asking(: <3
Hammering out my presentation outline for
what is that for?
you're a beauty
We are working hard on Ateamo 2.0. Please let us know what you want to see -
The only person who sounds more like God than Morgan Freeman is Sidney Poitier.
Pumped for a DC weekend with the Campbell Crew Mamie
i aint even mad
plz follow me im trying to gain up to 800 followers but i need your help
Why don't you come on over Valerie?
The new puppy is going to have to stop waking up at 630am, to early!
Thanks for the RT! Isn't that great news? :)
Working out: it's the most fun I can have without being forced to cuddle afterwards.
They're doing a preparedness thing today that was planned even before the chance of snow developed for tomorrow.
Congrats ! You have won one of our leather cuffs!! Please DM us your e-mail and mailing address to coordinate shipping!
Beauty halts and freezes the melting flux of nature
You've already been to Ma'ano for brunch?
": is anyone EVER on the same page in a work environment? If so, tell me what page # so i can turn to it." Wow so perfect.
at least it's not a snowblower like they do here....
RT : VA Gov and chairman to endorse for North Carolina Governor tomorrow.
i got some from <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AE>
The DVR is full of PBS shows that I recorded so I wouldn't feel too guilty for watching Housewives on Bravo.
I JUST turned the game back on and now THIS?
ihatequotes: People change for one of two reasons: They have learned a lot, or they have been hurt too many times.
From my mom today, "They have to pay $180,000. That's a lot of tacos!"
Tssss. Pattie is your queen? The fuck?! It must be your mom. Duh, stupidity.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. -Chinese Proverb
Aksana Seduces Our Cameras
's thoughts when he gets caught, isolated by the wing: "Crap, I'm too far from the rim to dunk..."
Nice article. Haha. Whenever she's in town, I get excited to see her. But everytime, something comes up and I miss her.
It's hard for me to be serious for an entire day.
thanks for the RT!
Leo, age 6, when told the babysitter's coming: "Why do you have to go on a date when you're already married?" cc
Im getting old :/ lol
Why would you not want to graduate?
If your parents weren't married when they had you, then your a basterd.
We can't wait to see you!
they won't save him
only real Oreo crew member can dip without letting it soggy sir
Point taken. We care but only until the next scandal comes along.
So excited for my best friends to get the hell back into the states!!! #'murrica <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
awesome to sing for you today ! thanks for bein sweet :) xo, aubyn beth
Welcome back to the !
"Creamfilled" sounds gross as fuck for a domain name - More so when it's next to an Avi that has her over sized vagina in the mirror
just make sure stack bundles in there... Sound byte of "SHEA" or Ss Ss Ss.... You know :)
Just bust my ass tryna jump this wall, now my foot n leg hurt smh that was an epic fail!
New vids from our WVCW performance up soon!
my little brudda is working at zoombezi bay too!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
What a day #tired!
Starting on #Eureka Season 2, yeah I'm behind on some shows. What is Eureka's population, because a lot of people seem to die?
WLandscaping thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
See you Saturday in Zville!
Being a gentleman doesn't make you a pussy but it might help you get some pussy.
Hope Mrs.Russel let me go too sleep.
Replace 'book' with 'baby' and you'd be me. RT Everyone: "So when will we see a book from you" Me: "----"
The downside to the Norovirus is the mother of all purges; the upside is the opportunity to start anew.
It's snowing in Seattle and there are some crazy drivers out there. Almost died getting home from my evening workout.
Terrific! Just emailed you.
i'm thinking they left because he went back to Chiodos.
yeah to bad I'm not at the concert D':
Had the strangest dream last night...wonder if I can make it true...
I always use "poop" I've now developed a weird taste in porn, oh well, atleast noone knows..... Oops.
The Chicago Jazz Guitar Summit with Mike Allemana, Jeff Parker and Bobby Broom swung and rocked the packed Blue Note in Poznan, Poland!
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
The noise twitter makes when you refresh it on your iphone , chicccchchicch pop!
Yeah, it's the playoffs. I expect "playoff" officiating.
Saving tips. Fabric Softner... Get a bottle fill half with water then fabric softner. spray on dry wash cloth, throw in dryer.
Yes, I laugh as well. I don't even want that to change. :))))
I thought that's definitely us, especially you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
yeah, i caught it at 2:58 to 3ish and then it was over.
Lmao Cameron seems high.
What a nice day, I love Bayview!
Congrats to Javier
Thanks so much for featuring me!
Fact: Woman Gynecologist Likes to Play With Themselves
half way through my run I see lady liberty and I figure if she is still holding her torch up high, so can I. thank you, thank you, thank you
Unfair criticism? More like this is America, we don't have to support marketing tactics that influence invading Africa.
RIP Whitney Houston :-(
Make a Request for Mojo's TV Clip, or submit a crazy/funny picture of the day in the REQUEST tab in Mojo's World! HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET
Too soon to end the Rogers as a SP pipe dream?
fml forgot a title page for my essay....adgdnfnd whhhhhhyyyy
Boy boys boys I just can't say no.
yes! you bum you didnt! you left me lol
I miss Raylen Givens.
I've heard Kennedy Turner used to run the gridiron on PS2 at OU! Any truth to these rumors?
Five engineers writing anything works well too RT "5 engineers writing a business plan is like watching cats try to play fetch"
TITLES to new songs recorded Sunday that you can't listen to yet: "Gwon (to tha) Fap Spot" / "The Belarusian Clap" / "Best Pet in the World"
amazing day for NY/NJ basketball, it's really like the baseball season hasn't even started yet!
What's the worst part about going to the #dentist? How can we make your visit more comfortable? Music & soothing noises?
Sure would be cool to see Manning in blue!
Tailgating for the UT Game? Nothing goes better with Texas football than Texas BBQ.
RT Congrats to the U.S. #WPC11 Vertical and Industry Award Winners
hello to you. Anytme
#DownInTheValley was on repeat for me the other day. Unfortunately, there is #noendinsight for me.
...I was going to say, that's the *least* likely thing for you to have hallucinated ;) Are you watching the films, or...?
umm talk to Ronaldo! I'm down to go...like yesterday!!
ya baby!
Its all good, we found a spot for next Wednesday we can't get booted from. We will not be denied!!! ;)> We are back to Zappos tomorrow.
13 and u
Onward to play with catz. Woo!
Goddamn it, Seth McFarlane. Just stop.
Mark your calendar for February 8th. We'll be joining the rest of the Ignite universe (50+ cities) for the "2011 Global Ignite Week"
Most know as a committed practice management advisor, but few know he enjoys piña coladas and getting caught in the rain.
Dare to be YOU!!! Write out your biggest dream and start to live it.
I'm currently tied for 5th in my office's NCAA bracket (pure luck). How are all of your brackets doing?
hahahahahahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> omg that is funny!
Hot & humid as heck. Missing spring cuz this #dc #weather does not jibe with riding
my last RT had me dead. hahaha
same here....I need a cut bad
thank u boo!
whats good boy....how is everything going
The boys on my soccer team need to learn to wear deodorant..
agree, Colt threw a great ball
youtube.com/watch?v=fQtFld…jordan antonio
If you would like to be part of our next text raffle and to receive great discounts on our trips, text "celtic" to 96362
Congrats on the move!!! I'm doing great. I'm still in the valley... they've dubbed me a valley-girl now.
I still have address, no need to resend that
He recorded it off the TV, I thought that was funny.
for some reason I cant post on the website feedback topic, I am getting an error msg. I think I have a helpful post for you.
So happy to be back home in NYC. Ah the smell of garbage and piss always makes me so happy
haha true! Found my pepper spray btw!!
WHO'S GOING TO BE OUR 1,000th FOLLOWER??
Should it pick random buzzwords?
Damn what happened on bbw?! Lol
I'm for real. In 2013-- like March. That will give everyone time to get ready.
Glad you didn't leave empty handed! We love what we do, but if it weren't for you we couldnt do it. So thank you!
That is awesome, and suggests a cartographic improvement: True North, Magnetic North, Mullen North
I'm about to strike out from last and today with my jokes it's a wrap I'm never getting none again lol
FML.... thats bull. if i have to get older so does HE! #winning (we cant all be cutie patootie lil youngins like u!)
Sounds better than this fruit salad I'm eating RT Curry vegetable omelette for breakfast this week is already looking better
Taught a wonderful class last nite at Bridge Studios with eager, bright young acting students!!! Looking forward to the next week's!!!
Just looking at my little cousins nieces nephews just thinking hope it be better for them
After the interview, write a thank-you note! Escalante
Her tampons are like walking around with a medium size hard penis in you all day. She needs help
ENCORE #AU ENCORE
thanks for makin' music and just for being you. This is one #Belieber that will always stand beside you. I love you!(:
WOAHHHH!! Ya!!! Touchdown..we won baby
At Camden yards for the orioles Yankees game, but my mind is with the
Just saw your episode of Criminal Minds...and you weren't the bad guy! : )
Can't wait for friday
can I put this picture on facebook??
Man, that's lame. I wonder if it also has to do with stadium size. I don't remember Assembly Hall being terribly big.
That looks yummy!
On the road to play another game. May not be with me but always looking over me miss you Kirk Hensley!!
oh my god. i just looked at the clock & its 12:56 am. :')
The grass may be greener on the other side of the fence, but it still has to be mowed
Spinning class is going well so far. Thanks for your support everyone!
lol, and why's that?
the #pens can not be stopped!!
Who knew being sick could cause pain? :((((
(2) figure out which points may be useful in finding a good line, (3) maximizing the distance between the line and those points
Yooooo Ctfu why my son tryna fit in his suitcase so he gets up like *oh gosh oh gosh* smh lol
Miss judging corners and killing your hip on the wall<<<
okayy! And justin and chaz! Don't forget that <3.
Baby is sleeping well (thank god!). #lifeisgood Once the g-man feels better we need to grab a drink & catch up
Why thank you! That is very sweet of you!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give
A moment, a love, a dream, a laugh, a kiss, a cry, our rights, our wrongs...A Moment AAAHHHHHH!! -- Harry Styles ()
Just got a pull up their pants Seth.....
Watching 80's videos always refreshing. Thanks
How could I possibly study if #ForrestGump is on?
haha aw well thanks. Still reppin a philly team though. :)
the booth being as cold as antartica
We have a hashtag for an exhibit with crit thinking questions on the wall. Doesn't seem 2inspire visitor-visitor discussion.
thanks for all of your support! The Resume Station was a success. We can't wait for the Job & Internship Fair tomorrow.
love you 2
Is the last free resource on the sheet? I missed the name.
Many thanks to all of you that have helped to spread the word of our launch!
Neighbor suggested we get a goat to keep weeds down. I would totally go for that, cheap lawncare - now would ?
I just don't see how selling "gay Latino Couples" is funny. I mean, I don't get it. There are gays all over of all races.
don't believe that girl, you will meet them. :)
any one else a Pisces?
tweeting during class.. #swag (; what a rebel ..!(:
Hi who's this i'm on my cell lol
Grim Reaper #LIVE ON CLOUD 9
Goodnight! :D
Say, were you in the Higher Ed BoF? I showed up late and couldn't get in. Worthwhile/valuable?
Rock out with your Caucus Out!
I watched ants reflecting sun off their busy backs. A charming break if ever there was one. Hope you enjoyed the fresh air too.
Just got done watching #thegame I can't believe James died... Oh my bad this is
How soft my legs are >>
what a totally awful day is........
That is truely sad and make me sick. :(
more like a massacre-on the side of my house trying to make a hive-bringing in mud-it took 2days to get them all killed and out
when is your next meeting ?
I love this dam song
sounds like a nice break :)
He DID adapt and create a high-offense team. Who says he can't adapt now? Team can't get much younger anyway
haha! lmaoo. yeah your probably right! I seem to do that , huh? lol (accent) ohh my gosshh DD, you so crrrassszzzy!
why are you sad???
DJ OG Ron C: Inside the DJ Booth
That surely raises u 2 the stature of Aitzaz in your twisted mind, right ? Re:Saw footage of lawyers sloganeering against ...
Anyone getting tired of being attacked by the christian right? Would anyone agree that these people have lost their minds?
i know i'm going to get more "no's" than "yes" but i do it for the respect of the grind!
worried about growing isolationist tendencies, dire consequences if America were to withdraw from the world
Q4: A major challenge is a lack of political will to do what's really needed to equalize education opportunity
Movie trending now in Chicago, IL : The Eagle (live updates)
I'm glad you feel better its nice when someone lets you rest and cares for you maybe one day I will find somone like that
TODAY WAS SO BORING.
RT The neighbor's baby keeps staring at me. "Are you a cop, baby? YOU HAVE TO TELL ME IF YOU ARE!"
believe the AIR Pippens are better than any Jordan but the 11's concords, space jams and cool grays (grey)
#LMSunSIG umassboston. Experimenting with giving badges to faculty for training
Establishing odds...Spinning at 5:30am? Tweet me a #yes or
10 hrs of PMP class today down...10 more tomorrow! 20 more next wknd! Will all be worth it once I pass the exam and get that certification!
this RT : coffee coffee COFFEE Coffee COFFEE COFFEE cOFFEE coffee COFFEE!
Appointments booked for Tuesday and after that I will be unavailable for the rest of the week.
I might invite my teenager to follow along next time! Great support system here! #smallbizchat - thanks, everyone!
Are those from E&O Brewing? Or something older?
Get me the number of the Scarf girl :) JK
I really liked Cabin in the Woods but I kinda wish they'd gone with the merman!
I'm rockin a short sleeved button down, it's warm today! And I apologize for using "rockin" in this tweet.
Excited For New Jonas Album 9
nothing like a good wake and bake
Glad to know that we're a topic of conversation!
What's your skype name
reverse jinx
Very curious about 's last tweet....!
Hey, if you stay really quiet and listen very, very closely, You can hear the beautiful sound of you shutting the f$ck up.
We were young & times were easy, But I could see it's not the same. I'm standing here, but you don't see me,
Someone actually made me dislike carbs RT : Ryan DePauw on the rat snake: "It's shaped like a loaf of bread."
and thus my twitter catchup binge is completed
did you install Google apps and the Android Market? For me, Gmail, Reader and Dolphin HD make for a lot better Fire experience.
I know it's anti-"cool" in this city but THERE WILL BE BASKETBALL!!!
I just wrote the visual direction for a script backwards - scene 5 back thru scene 1. It managed to get me over a creative roadblock!
#Gibson4Twitter Modelling twitter in self-organizing space, Hard when everyone seems to follow , or
you go girl! Congrats!
he doesn't stick his nose in the play and tackle anyway....not really a loss in my book...
Settling. Quiet in here. Cell phones off.
sounds like a mess on 270...now shut down northbound all way up from 670 to 161
That awkward moment when your walking down the stairs and you think theres another step so you hulk stomp to the ground
RT diet and extreme exercise.
#NextChicagoGroup is trending... so uh... Team British D
:) thanks gettin the new mic so doing the next recording next week. Shoot me out a shout out :)
Does angry hyperbole/straight up lies persuade you? I understand his bad mood. Yesterday was a BAD day for his campaign.
at least I got up. U wont
Wellcome to all! Topic this week is #revideo on real estate focused websites, specifically MLS.
I just need to move on...
Cheesy or not.. Everyone likes a thoughtful handwritten note :) . Besides, you feel cool getting snail mail rather than junk mail!
Super excited for HH tomorrow night, and Trivia night Thurs night with my girls!
Refreshing to hear talk about trusting visitors. Usually conversations revolve around how to get visitors to trust *us*
No, I got it at Hot Topic when I was going to the midnight premire for Part 2
I don't really care.
This whole bill is rubbish! No compromise. This is a hostile takeover of the state of Wisconsin.
What are your store hours for "FREE Comic Book Day"?
Had a great morning training! The high school kids up at PV High work hard!
I miss you, the old you, the new one sucks.
Peace, love, and compassion.
The most effective post position is directly under the rim - no post move needed then and you can go to either side
Kesh: Encyclopedia of the Brethren of Purity should be a canonical text in World Lit, in Sustainability Lit
Did you see the drummers chin pubs? Now that's LOVE.
what you get?
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don't have enough on my plate.
DO IT. Trucks, or maybe baby bunnies?
excited to meet Pam Sandlian Smith, Director of #anythink, this evening at DU!
you sure thats not the crabs LOL!!!
EVERY ONE STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND RETWEET THIS OR SOMETHING GET IT TRENDING #teenwlfseason2 <3
"If u do more n say less, bitch u will stay out of pay-less". 50 a fool, lol
Thanks for the RT!
Jeff Fischer obviously didn't learn his lesson with PacMan. Hilarious.
Anyone know when #Screenplay Festival announces winners? Also hoping to get my BlueCat analysis soon! :)
I have a friend doing this. I'm interested but I'm just one person! Would it be too much for one?
The last best (weirdest) ringtone I heard was the harmonica from Blues Traveler. Very odd.
Is that my suitemate??????
Blessed Sunday and a VERY Happy Mother's Day to all Moms. Hardest working women on the planet. God bless!
": Your brain makes you see yourself 5 times more beautiful than you actually are...lol
I am up for that
Does the outage take off the air?
Minnesota Vikings spokesman says "There is no agreement. We're not there yet."
Tonight #ChampagneLifeFridays w/
nice lemons
Jabari I just read your story in SI. I can't thank you enough for the inspiration you have given me. I too am a Mormon
If you're hungry, give me a call!
... the structures which create inequality much less organizing opposition to them.
Obama forgot to buy you a dictionary.
Ravens LB Terrell Suggs wins AP NFL Defensive Player of the Year award.
Well Gigi is off to Egypt to fight her fight ! Go Team USA! Go Gigi! God Bless you and our team and may he watch over you and keep you...
Oh, I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
for a while i waa convinced that i didn't like lemon desserts, but i actually do. like, a lot.
I wonder who show is going to have more ratings #dontBtardy4Thewedding r
All done!
Jenna 'shake your dreads Cotton Eyed Joe' where did you come from? Where did ya go?
you finished the final story?
who's looking for training? I'd be interested to hear more.
I'm awesome, thanks for asking :) How are you?
Got to school feel like I shouldn't come the rest of the week
Wanted to pass along an update, we wound up postponing #TSETC11 until this spring. Perhaps you'll be able to present now!
Zip code as important as genetic code in childhood obesity - Medical Xpress
love the vision behind ! Lets catch up the next time you're in the Bay Area
are you implying people still use it today?
now i have no Valentine
At least starting a beer and racking a lemonade. Possibly starting a cider
before i told my mom if ur not weird,ur not grand and she said u know wat shut up
btw I just saw the replay again...and hell no bro - I agree that was uncalled for, but no where near a red card! that's a yellow!
Damn dude is claiming to have found dragon fossils in Cambrian rock slabs in Utah. Fucking hilarious.
that's awesome!!
Also heard it's bad for piano playing. Maybe some truth to that one, or maybe it's that I don't practice enough.
Love that Rev. Randolph is changing young lives for the better through teaching them their individual value.
just arrived in Salzburg!! Having a great time meeting some cool people!!
I was proud of Chicago Police Department and surrounding law enforcements for standing strong during a tough time. I salute you!!!
For once, I am with my #nemesis on this one. That is a skinny hipster kid if I ever saw one...
I am really LOL over here...
Now im fuckin upset.
oh yea......have fun!! Take lots of pics of Fin on the beach!
gosh i love 's tweets :)
holy shit wuddup doggie?? Its time to shred it up!!! Were going up this weekend!
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
well your Aunty Lynne needs to join the end of the queue and that queue is VERY LONG #CelebApprentice :P
Orel Hershiser looks weird as a sportscaster. The hair looks really really strange...
Speechless over here. We say "phoque" often. Thanks for the follow. Hope u have a listen and dig what u hear. Best.
won't say where 7 casinos would be located. 7 would be established If voters approve amendment legalizing gaming.
Rock and Roll music tonight with at 8:30pm. Check it out!
Hey there, (SteveSalik), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
#shoutout to the best dj go follow him
One more medicated peaceful moment. (apc)
I'm super happy with it!
to bad we're so weird ! #ohwell (:
Remember someone's judgements are always other's perceptions.
<U+266C> I said, "I'm so happy, I could die." She said, "Drop dead," then left with another guy. <U+266C>
It didn't work! Katy, you're killing me D:
Congrats on your book! Do you have a link or an excerpt?
LOl You RT Me But Im O So Serious, i Really Need Need New freinds... My Olds Are No where To Be Found :'(
I think all the races should be under the lights but that's just my opinion
im a really good kisser...
Great #workout today! , one week down of level 3 on the 30 day shred!
still loving your music from so cal Lisa. Hope all is well.
Make sure to log into UDSIS before registration begins to resolve any potential registration holds.
“: To get something you've never had you have to do something you've never done.” 100% correct
Finishing up b-roll for Alphabet Rockers video. Rude Boy Price Is Right.
Remember the last guy that ran on his "business experience"? Obviously "business experience" NOT the best indicator of Presidential acumen.
Thanks for the love, Anita. Glad you like the New Rules. Really appreciate the nice commentary.
Maui grown foods just taste better!
Google Places works effectively with Google Maps to get you exactly where you need to go.
Twitter sucks , the piont of this is ??
When someone you respect really shows thier true colors, and you realise you were so very wrong.
Thanks so much for the mention!
In the Chicago area? My library is hosting Elizabeth Berg on 4/26 @ Golf Club of IL. Tickets still available! 847/458-6060 x112
I was just woken up in the cutest and sweetest way. :)
over a 1,000 friends on fb yet when I really need something I got about 4 or 5
Even if one witness says the ball came down (others tell a different story) that is NOT the standard! Not even close!
Smacksowns comin to Greenville, South Carolina in November but I don't thinkno can go :(
Make a beat my dude. Make one for me...LOL
U CAN ALWAYS GET SEX BUT U CANT ALWAYS GET LOVE
love and prayers coming her way. Lots of them
Just finished the 1st draft of my short, just under 5 pages! Can't wait to storyboard, cast, and film!
- LOL I shared this one on our Facebook page! haha One of the better ones we had yesterday for sure! Enjoy tonight's game E!
Louis I love you
Surely no staffer is more pathetic than the one(s) tasked w/ monitoring & bullying high schoolers who tweet mean things about Sam Brownback
Phone on 26% :/
RIP Steve Jobs. I have greatly enjoyed the products of your visions.
I agree that worked out really well. I'll have to do that again!
This mint coffee is something I should be drinkin on my birthday.
Talk if you need to, but I can't stay to hear you... That's the wrong thing to do.
He keeps mine too.. sometimes we read old, old emails from when we were dating :)
No... Its Neil Patrick Harris its a cheesy romantic comedy musical.
If I was magically turned into a frog of sorts, I'd be toadally into it.
CHEAA RT : March 16th live Columbia, TN Its going down!! My Guy hittng it too!
Lovely people at ask if I'm live tweeting the Q&A w/ Dante Spinotti tonight. Indeed, I am. Here's the hash:
R.I.P. #Troy Davis at 11:08pm
Taking naps before going studio to stay up later in the night.
Ex's get more mad as time goes cause they see you are doing good. That's right bitch
almond butter! why didn't I think of that! ok, that's on the list grocery list!
oh wow lol
the pact(: i almost never read but I read that recently and it was really good!
I haven't
Seeking a SM Dir for 2012 Oregon Wine Awards March 24 in PDX. Any OR SM Pros like copiuos amounts of OR wine? Please DM and we can connect
thank you! Spread the love.
hmm... have to look into that more. thx.
Has anyone pointed out that "Interactive Web Developer" in 23 years would be like "VHS repairman" now?
#fridayreads (audio) The Thief Lord by Cornelia Funke. Simon Jones is a good reader, but kept thinking the main character was Arthur Dent
Red Velvet Cupcakes What better way to celebrate Valentine's Day than with red velvet cupcakes ? These cupcakes are every bit as moist an
I saw that too. I can't wait to read it! :)
Performing tonight Joseph Anolin Chris Riggins and Tix at
People are stupid. Including me.
Twitter is a hater. One word I just went to follow u & it said I cant because I am already following you. Weird. Text me.
In my case, that would be pretty frightening.
Does anyone feel an epically awesome 2012 comin up?
best of luck!
TY RT : GIRLS GONE DEAD produced by plays at #Cannes Film Festival TODAY!:).
Hope everyone enjoys this beautiful weekend!
When did the hunger strike start?
Use a toothpaste specially formulate for domestic pets.
Stress is at a maximum. Maybe this is why teachers say don't save it for the last minute. #too late
At least they made the tournament
While you're at it, break out the mellotron too
that's beautifull :D
He said "i got a whole job" lol
tell us ypur best Blasted joke
Lol I do that all the time! I hate talkin on the phone. RT : Hate when I call people they don't answer but then text me right after.
Are the #Blazers imploding? This is a serious question.
university of Texas :O
Looked at two possible places for our south african restaurant
It is.
I expected more from the last night of Battle Rounds. High hopes that this last number saves the night.
hahahahahah oh do I have a story for u!
(Can you tell? I'm still at school for another couple days...)
Treat your fellow Badgers kindly, during the block party don’t trespass on their property if you are not invited
Diarrhea knows no skin color.
Oh my!! Tough loss... Tough
Everybody play the tough guy till shit pop off.
from Bill A: "there is a limit, otherwise how do we discover new things?"
Happy Mothers day to an amazing mom. I love you .
Just ran out of gas,on the side of the road!Yay!! :/
Love your background!
My message box gets SO MUCH SPAM.
Sure Bell gets paid in 2012. The rest of his total package is likely money to never be earned from the Eagles.
Avril Lavigne Performs Duet on Star-Studded ‘X Factor ’ Finale (VIDEO) Leave it to The X Factor to go out with a bang. The hit realit
One day soon. Sooner than most can even imagine.
Thanks Rich. Did you love the Simon article?
: Yeah I don't see this generation of kids getting into a Will Smith saving the world from Aliens.
This is Why I Try to Not Get Too Emotionally Invested With #Dallas #Sports ... I'm What U Call a
Twitter is Indiana's 6th man right now..... Wait til Bron look at his @ mentions doe
yeah I do both!
great play
when people try to hard to make you happy just shut them out
It's raining, it's pouring...
Remember: enter [SHIPFREEUS] or *[CADSHIPFREE] for free shipping in US or *outside of the states on all orders of $50 or more!!Goodforever.
Caught that final coaster with
nah, just got some dinner and went home. Was wiped!
NAPALM BEACH @ SATYRICON TOMORROW
Thanks to Blue Moon Pizza and Chick-fil-A of North Druid Hills for donating meals yesterday as part of our Open Arms program.
are you still at #ccbeergarden? I'm right by the stage.
Lake show!!!!! O lordyyy pls help us!!!!
Filming Scene Wensday for "SIDNEY" Hope the weather is fair.
LOL U KIDDING RIGHT LETS GO TO KFC TOGETHER MUCH BETTER THAN VEGATABLES OK?
People trending #amicoolyet I'm like bitch please you were never cool!
I can not stand watching tv with my mom. Holy cow!!! Shut up woman! It's not mothers day, I don't have to be nice to her anymore.
I know what my plans will be for the rest of my day after school.
I love how asks me in Spanish to help her with APES homework
#10ThingsThatILike mac miller
"when people joke about the things you're insecure about"
Happy wednesday! I'm loving this fall sunshine! :)
Happy Mothers Day to my wonderful mom if it wasn't for her I wouldnt be the man that I am today
Nothing can drag you down if you're not holding onto it. LET GO.
Off to pick up some Thai food for dinner. New place! These spring rolls better rock my world.
Love you more
Chris Paul is playing with MJ-like intensity right now. Completely different level.
hold up kid they given niggas checks!....word!
Happy Monday to you!
congrats to the Cardinals...now for real...bai tweets...movie time...
not seeing my updates. how long does it take?
!!!!! RT I hate to hear black men talk about how unjustly they were treated when they actually did some dumb illegal shit .
"The things we fear most in organizations - fluctuations, disturbances, imbalances - are the primary sources of creativity." - M J. Wheatley
Jessica is still on. She doesn't have the same problems with it that I do because she's a rational person.
you beat me to it :) Likewise!
LOVE YOU JESSICA <3
- or Vin Diesel.
thanks so much!
Loving mf by #AWOLNation...it's like the Beastie Boys meets Justin Timberlake meets....?
leftism inherently devolves into totalitarianism, and totalitarianism requires violence. A Quaker cannot be a leftist.
Bahiahaha I will!
Guess who makes an appearance on Page 36 of Jet Magazine this week.
whoa, you were CLOSE.
Hope all my lawschool colleagues in the path of Irene have your disaster plans dusted off: 6 years ago Monday we got hit by Katrina.
Linkedin takes you people shopping. So odd. It presents all these people to connect with--like a connection buffet! I window shop & click
Sold out show tonight! We're having so much fun with the Indy 500 fans!
Put it down by brandi and chris brown is my new favorite song:)!!
You're the best thanks again. You can vote every 24 hours hint hint :)
I pity Ja Rule!
I can't believe that certain people, whose names will go untweeted, turn down such things. CANNOT BELIEVE.
Thanks for the follow. A very intriquing story you have. Glad to meet you.
Then stop following so many people.
"After my return from #Africa I couldn't shake hunger to develop a #business model to help the hurting" #mvt121 //bit.ly/ySNXyp
Or a REALLY GOOD album name!! LOL!
thank you :) xx
don't you hate it when you have to walk home and it's really humid? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
wrapped up like a cacoon
Oh yes! The good ol' memories!
but this is a national issue and it's a national convention, not just a state matter
Thats for sure. I can always repaint, but carpet is a one shot deal for us. No pressure or anything.
Content strategy optimized for search interception (blend data sources). Things getting serious Best session yet
Ha! I know it sounds delish, still might need a splash of something, I'll have try and let you know.
Ah Colton shirtless
FDA didn't approve #pdx Hipster Diet. Plan consists of carb-loading on PBR, cigs to fight hunger and a beanie to sweat off extra calories.
it was good, same to you! Keep July 10th on your schedule if your interested in presenting to OVEC districts at our Summer Inst
Poverty mindset will always bring you lack. You attract that which you are comfortable with. Get uncomfortable attract success
Ok Friends if you need some last minute Christmas gifts we have them, we sell great accessories for your cell phones.
May 12th, 12-1pm. Please join us for a free, informative seminar about women and investing. Speaker: Eva Marina Ovejero, Financial Advisor
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
finally bryce harper has matched albert pujols in homeruns this year with...one.
thank you :) that's only one of them!
if homelessness offends your aesthetic sensibilities, perhaps we can come together and address this serious issue head-on.
Time to end March STRONG! Can you believe that next week we will be in April? It seems like this year is going by way too fast!
I wish it were you
We'll be pouring Red Hare this year! RT my beer is about to be in front of me.
I know what u mean. My guitar teaches isn't gonna like me telling I'm done w/ guitar lessons. He will be like "David, don't
Ratchetness RT : Why she gotta cus her babies out on the bus tho??
hi =] FINALLY!
you didn't have to come back to work, did you?
Cleaning the house, wondering how long it will take Don Draper to cheat on his new wife.
RT : Mike Tice: "We want to be explosive. We want to be able to get the ball down the field."
RT if you followed austin before he was verified :)
that doesn't explain everything. lol
holy f boy look at you DAYUMMMMM
And teachers! Current database is just not very accessible.
hi chaddy! BTW thanks the was sweet of you!
what are you doing in LA? We should hang out if ur not busy.
Home tomorrow! Looking forward to all things dc this week. Resolutely not looking forward to jetlag.
That is an interesting theory. I wonder myself why so many more people seem to be having mental health issues than before.
do it! "spicy sauerkraut." My kimchee got a thumbs up from Korean friend, so feelin good.
When my hair cooperates>>>
I like your music. You seem like a funny dude. How does it feel that tons of people come to shows to hear you play? You.
mikes cousin is there find him! Then touch him.
Me too! Enjoying the clear examples & practical applications. You?
RT If 99% of America showed up to vote, it wouldn't matter what the 1% wanted. This is so TRUE!
MAKIN BANK DANI DAWG!
Hi Kray. Please message me when you get a chance. I will make this right for you. I am one of the owners.
35 million gone. 33 million infected. 30 years of AIDS. Not an anniversary to be happy out. Some day, we will find the cure...
Call a girl a bitch & they get to going "Yeah, beautiful intelligent.." NO. None of that shit... bitch as in, FEMALE DOG... bitch.
im sorry to say but dinsey kinda #SUCKS! all your good shows are gone hannah montana , sonny with a chance, WWP, that's so raven & MORE...
Technology & Solutions session with happening NOW in the Alvin/Edison: Interactive Print--An Integrated Approach
twins are good!!!
Ever have a nightmare you go back into when you wake up and fall back asleep? I dont want to go to bed tonight...
Practice is the correct usage :)
#beliebers we waited for #boyfriend and now we are waiting for #boyfriendvideo and for #believe how long r we going to wait !!
Found out that director Sam Taylor-Wood (Nowhere Boy) was originally a photographer
And no one is ever gonna love you more than I do.
#Hitchens is great.
RT Life gives to the giver and takes from the taker
Fully loaded belt with bullets? Check. The dude walking with a limp to the bus stop.
If China had more good Christians like we would not be in this pickle thx
Love your #music! Uplifting & inspiring. Thanks! :-)
Home Sweet Home
So far there is a report of an individuals roof being blown off on Leestown Rd. Also a car wreck or two. Should probably avoid the area.
It's an undercover op! Or you are at the same bible-reading coffe shop that goes to. :-)
Up early dealing with airport lines:( I am ready to get to my destination!
Sorry I can not hear you....I'm kinda busy...
May Day! May Day!
no your just unique
Business in front, party in the back. RT Best EVER visual of a mullet record for finding aids.
I'm 18 and you?
thanks for the link. Just bought the Mummies of the World for my parents :)
+1 MT Congrats on the teaching prize!
Talking to self?
Greyhound racing is fun. I get tired after a couple of laps though, the old legs arent what they was previously...
Sounds good--I have a student coming in at some point, but not sure what time yet...Perhaps just whenever she shows up...
Agreed. RT If Jonathan Quick does not get the Vezina? Robbed.
haha thanks! his voice is dropping, he's almost taller than me.. Its freaking me out
Good times with the local music tonight on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
At American University's Jumpstart celebration of Dr. Seuss day at MLK library. Join us!
When you dye your hair your hair dies a bit more
Technology hates me today
Did he just say "Behold, Katie Perry"?...
RT : Almost to 2500 followers. When we hit that, we'll give away a FIGHT THE STUPIDS T-shirt to one of you zany tweeps!
Thank YOU. Hard 2 have a discourse on twitter. Always good 2 have posts challenged, critiqued or validated -- peace
think it was a system thing...received hundreds and hundreds of duplicates on fri night...no worries
bellevue is completely flooded
This game can't go to OT. Tomorrow is a rare 6 am day for me.
I'd be interested to hear your take on services like typekit vs. font-face for web typography.
Well, if it isn't career suicide, no, I want a dog!
What is wrong with spiking the ball at the end zone if you scored a touchdown! What is wrong with celebrating success? Why can't Obama...?
Do they really soak anything up? I see a lot of taunting/harassing of the panhandlers and all that. Senior year egos run amok.
The venom of the king
We're all in. Find Graphic Elephants at the NMB show in Dallas and you can score the entire 60ss collection at an awesome show discount!
Just like our usual summer days :)
RT : RT : A great deal on #parkbenches: Park benches are ideal for many outdoor projects....
I'm talking with a local 10-year old piano prodigy coming up on the around 7:30!
aw...see, sometimes it is little things which make us happy. Happy Friday!
Happy Easter Everyone. Come on out to EasterAtVerizon.org and wave at the camera Guy on stage. I will put you on the big screen
I used to think $200 jeans were ludicrous. After trying on some jeans by 7 and AG, side by side with my cheapo jeans...now I get it. Comfy!
Bout ta hop in da shower
yep… unfortunately hahaha… you're gonna be seeing me at most of them :)
I emailed you!
Mothers day and I'm getting a credit card ohh yeah I'm liking this
Must stop listening to album on repeat, else I'll really be mopey on Wed. when they play the Entry... show's sold out. :(
My dads girlfriend<<<
Ugh I need a jump
3 favorite drinks: Lemonade, water, and coke. Now I never drink soda but if I do it's coke. Why is it so good!?
Slacker radio is amazing :O
thanks for the follow! Would love to grab coffee sometime of you're up for it.
lol heck yeah . i was like AH MAN . notice thats our first time seeing each other in person . ever .
No! Where ya headed missy?
I hate Comcast Internet!
I love you<U+E022>
Would anyone be down to do a lemonade stand with me?
ehhh it could b better
I know that's mad funny
The Villas are on twitter!
RT : Lots of crocus in Tompkins Sq Park, 70° tmw. Spring finally here,. #dailyunicorn who's w/ me for no socks til fall?
Picking Gingrich is to pick a Tiger to protect the goat. T will take a fight to the enemy but in the end the goat gets eaten either way.
#ABA update: #benefits practitioners discussing plan drafting & administrative issues post
Do you want to be awesome? If you donate money now it will be doubled! www.pinkbananatheatre.com, act now and we will love you forever!
#SaySomethin baby don't be so shy <3
absolutely hate new #unitedairlines website - completely unusable - can't even get my boarding pass #fail - I used to love United - oh well
Mixtape panel is rap nostalgia at its finest
Lowkey hate that my bf gotta girlfriend now. I gets no attention now..
Having fun at #mcdonalds with my best friend! he so nice.
you know why?
BEER GIVE ME BEER and a sofa.
Wanna hear a funny joke? Women wearing bullet proof vests. LIKE THEY NEED THAT SHIT IN THE KITCHEN
..appreciate the follow!
#BOYFRIENDwentGold #CauseImProudToBeABelieberWhereAtLeastIKnowICanDream Congratulations you deserve this.:)
See also: "poor man's Pro Bowl" and "Super Aggro Crag of adult sports." RT "It's the super bowl of" football games!
The boy is going to kill me with kindness.
Working hard or hardly working? | Rigid-Soft Development
Peeing is believing.
I swim, but I wish I had never learned, the water is too polluted with germs.
it's so upsetting to think that everyone always tweets celebrities but only like 2% of people who tweet them get a reply back sigh
um. "too young" what kind of crazy cryogenic world do you live in?
All I have left to finish is replies in two classes. Looking forward to next week. Getting our moving list in order and lots of quilting.
check DM again
Aloha! RT : Aloha #FollowFriday for their Aloha Spirit
it's a pain. It adds another 'If __ then __' scenario for people to remember with library eBooks.
Dawson's windmill seemed so easy.
I find that sleeping is such a waste of time
#PghPC Don't forget to register to attend our next event here on October 27 www.tinyurl.com/PPCGhostHunt Don't miss this!
I wish someone could tell me what to do:/
"Sex is not a game!" Buulllshit, they ain't seen my twister mats! :3
I CANT
RT Yum. Yum. Yum. Yum. Yum. Delicioso!
Love you too! <3
Shame on you, Amazon.
#hungergames was great, saw it Friday w
This just in.. I already hate whoever the Ravens pick first!
Jon B - They Don't Know <U+2661>
#MTMDC "Media Activism" as a verb = my new favorite term
I got you. #PurpleEarringsToday RT It's a purple n yellow kind of day
What game boss? I am bored sh*tless this evening. #WishNFLwasFriSat&Sun
hey an ur welcome
Great start to my day seen my boyfrann ! With my twin and bestie ! We seen the boys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
its daunting at first but just follow orgs/companies/teams and retweet something! i.e.
. You omitted the (yet) from their headline....
where do you get it? I have a hard time finding some w/o excessive sunflower seeds
thank you so much! We had a blast. <U+2764>Richmond<U+2764>
Still feeling some type of way so now it's time for Beauty and the Beast.
buck stops there for me, I won't do neon. I still have pictures from years ago to prove why!
Smh why are females stupid? ...(fyi: if you're a female & you feel affended then you're adding yourself to that list.)
Where he go?RT Hey Peter! Do you think Mario Williams will get franchised by Texans this offseason or not? ... No. Too pricey.
who's your favorite MC?
Happy Monday! Take any tasks you've been dreading head on. There's no better way to prove that your anxieties were needless.
thank you !!
How many more wins does NW need to get in? 3?
TCU coming up at the Pit.
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320d Touring Exclusive for a new car!
that's a true story! : ). Thanks! I think I will!
I got it(: signed. plus a t shirt for it being late. DMs?
The movie pissed me off! they need to make a newer and better hunger games movie with more important things in it!
Win this year, and all is forgiven.
Almost gave a responsible retort to 's Trayvon article. But it's just not worth it. FUCK YOU BILL. I HATE U TOO!
Shocked /sarcasm RT : LaDainian Tomlinson on Showtime tonight: Jets locker room "is as bad as I’ve ever been around, honestly."
The lightning blazedand the thunder continued to roll for some hours
's YouTube playlist. Oh wait, no, that's post-feminism.
Poll workers in #Zionsville were treated to Election Day lunches today, courtesy of our dedicated Guild members! Thank you, ladies!
I suppose.
Won't you plz come get your baby...maybe.
I don't think there's a place I hate driving to more than the Brookhaven campus.
A cab crashed into Schubas. No, it wasn't me.
Last dress rehearsal before we open tomorrow nite. Full of nervous excitement for the wonderful actors who've allowed me to direct them.
I read the article about your visit at UNL. I admire you for crediting your roots. No wonder I like you like the Oracle of Omaha!
More storms off to the west. Bring it.
the dream catchers became information hackers to the next level - Alien Nation "Beneath the Surface"
haha. Caught me... I didn't read the whole thing .. am now :-)
I'm sure I will find plenty! ;)
I can't wait until summer! #BBJN RT : Sat around til the break of dawn, howlin' and singin' to our favorite songs.~
SORRY TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS IF I SENT YOU SOMETHING SAYING BAD STUFF ABOUT YOU ON A BLOG I WAS SPAMED AND THEN I GUESS IT ALSO WAS SENT TO u
:) I liked it, but will need to catch the episode on my parent's DVR so I'm all caught up next weekend :)
Seriously, how awesome is Piedmont Park?
How to Use Social Media for Lead Generation
Great ideas about creating journalist/scholar collaborations. Would be great for place-based work. How do we make this happen?
We spending too much time focusing on getting to the money when we should be focusing on getting back to the old landmark.... God!
I'm on my 7,333 tweet I think imma play that number...
too soon dmac!!
Jeremy Lin has proven that having a small penis doesn't mean that you can't follow your dreams. Thanks JL.
I'll help, and the only you thing you have to pay is attention lol
Sleep walking RT : Smh Lakers. This is the Denver Nuggets...let me say that again, the Denver Nuggets. Let's get it goin
While I'm jealous of that, I'm not jealous of all these private school/yuppie/fake rich girls I used to go to school w
So stoked I got my floor tix to Their 1st SF show since 1996 and their only other non-Coachella US show besides NYC!
thank you for your help!
Attended a moving ceremony hosted by the Israeli Consulate in New York honoring five Righteous Gentiles.
Yes! I've got some rehearsals/auditions coming up though so I don't quite know my schedule haha we'll be in touch for sure! :)
": Thought for the off-season: "Nobody who ever gave their best regretted it."
250 last year with 100+ on waitlist. 450 this year and we're on track to sell out again. /cc
really liked your night show on fox..really miss it..
alright, #celtics. #leggooo!!! lets close this thing out tonight.
Last tweet inspired by brisket jiggle.
Thanks! I try.
Great game & Lakers 99-96 win over the Thunder. still down 2-1 in series. Jack is happy again.
I feel Like im the only person hasn't noticed. Im staying strong, always gotta #BELIEVE ... #Someday #NSN <33
endlessly fascinating!
...Do act Sustainably!!
Calvin Coolidge One's action ought to come out of an achieved stillness: not to be a mere rushing on.
Can you follow up with re: Argyle at UNC? :)
Do keep them in a tub for days to replicate an ocean crossing #darwinday RT : Learn what not to do with your vegetables
"the Lord your God is He that fights for you... as He PROMISED..." - Joshua 23:10
skype me so I can go to sleep!
Over 5000 homes sold and managed THE SILVA GROUP
This will be our 3rd year hosting the local version of No Pants. Check out improvaz.com for more info. (Thanks, !)
u b on point with me... I like<U+E418>
callin it a night, good nite all
There's confidence, an There's cockiness (which one R you)
smokin hot u two
The Ohioana Book Festival is 2 days away and we're gearing up for a GREAT time! We look forward to seeing all of our internet friends IRL!!
Tonight is our last show. 10pm at the Headhouse on front and Lombard.
They better sound the trumpets in Utah because their won't be any jazz music being played, more like mariachi music down in San Antonio. LOL
is a dope dude. Check his dancing . Ifyou need him to dance in a vid , check dude out! Catch him in Prestige Clothing soon.
Just ate an entire sleeve of peanut butter girl scout cookies. My day isn't going to get much better than this.
Any extra DIPLO tickets?!?!
Going through some of my favorite #Postcrossing cards I've received, I need to start swapping cards again.
After taking the final today, I don't feel like there's any way I could have gotten lower than a B... It was so easy!
#thirstythursday and I need some #craftbeerandfun how about you?
Glad you enjoyed the exhibition!
if the new showrunner messes up season 2 for us, I'll cry!
I'll have to check it out, thanks!
Never under-estimate the power of collaboration! Working with someone is always better than working alone - share your knowledge!
Proposed Durbin legislation will break the Mastercard/Visa duopoly, capping debit card charges & enforcing competition on the merchant side.
“: Before we had actual money, we had Neopoints. #The2000sLife” our lives hahah
Took a nap in class during our break <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>. That's the only plus side to a teacher that never stops talking.
The Santa Monica Digglers will do great biz.
My heartfelt prayers go out to the victims' families and the injured persons of the attacks on the fine people of Oslo,Norway. May God bless
6/11 8:50 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Brian Scott McFadden
At the bills /dolphins game Go bills
Creepy doctors<<<<
yup, someones gotta calm him down “: Paging Luc or Roenicke to the mound...”
oh, sweetheart, do you know my son Seanie? (aka B.C.)
Sitting in my office wondering what the best Mother's Day cupcake flavor would be.
Dickenian use of "character types" recognizes the embeddedness of subjectivities in the social world
totally agree.
Happy Saturday!
HA girl you are too too funny.
Only at #sxsw do you accidentally arrive at a Snoop concert.
just got off work bro
Do people really still watch American Idol? Why?
um. Yeah.
please reply to me.. I feel so bad I'm not a hoe or anything I don't flirt with guys that have gf's but I didn't know..
My dishwasher is making a sound like the chord they use for the Reapers in ME3... afeared now...
I love you too!!
I always want the wrong things
::looks around:: where??
Im in love with a white girl
what is your e-mail address? I have innovative examples from a successful CEO!
how long is it going to take the #newbie to finish cooking?? Lol!
Are you okay?
Nice articles today :) :)
I cant belive I had a night mare and thought I had ticks on me im about to clean my whole room yhat shit was awfull...
Get ready for some summer fun at Hotel VQ! Exciting news coming soon!
RT : Nice! Just found ! I'm sure many of our campers will want to attend this feast...#take8bites #thatcamp :)
" I think people are trigger happy to call posting images "curating" (pinterest) when really they're just aggregating them.
Does a Big Mac have good fat?
2nite Swing into the Holidaze w/Neon Swing Xperience & Boilermaker Jazz Band. Swinging starts at 9:30p.
She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the hell she is
I'm Jessica P.! >_< lol : hey east coast! new girl is on in 10 minutes!"
Happy B-Day
thanks for following! Realize that #FortMYER is in VIRGINIA & an active duty #USArmy Post www.Historic-FortMyer.com
Huge talent and skill gap between Pedraza and Garcia. Garcia has a helluva lot of heart.
Thanks so much for the RT! Hope to see you Friday :-)
First night of spring soccer tonight!
Only one of my numbers changed but ok tuushaay!! Ima DM yu!
of course she would! The logo needs to be of pig tails too!
Haters be hatin', that's all it is. I disagree w/ you but Panthers HAVE to address OL, CB, D-line at some point.
This day is goin by so slow!
Ever since Tebow got traded to the jets as a 2nd string qb, all his fans stopped shit talkin on here !
What are you talking about willis?
Left My Old Bitch At Home Gotta new One
Can I order online?
Getting sunburnt from being outside for less than an hour<<
Exactly 2 weeks until my parents arrive! Can't think of our reunion without tearing up. Must stop such daydreaming at work!
thanks for the follow. Have an awesome day!
Johnny Depp is a good actor but that dude has done some of the strangest movie roles.
The Sound of Mucous
Them girls in the past stupid all of them .
he is.
We're playing a private party tonight but be sure to come out and see us at Woody's in Clifton on Friday, February 17th!
has got to call into 84 WHAS. They are going for the next 2 hours.
Still looking for hobby farm in Upper Valley, New Hampshire. To lease option. send e-mail to:
"No tax increases and no layoffs" in Mayor's proposed budget.
#Follow these great #film tweeps!
Last night made me remember why I need to stay focused on the mission at hand...Play time is over! Overall great christmas tho!
James Perse hoodie with a suit jacket? Adventurous style.
That is a serious movie right there. Vera Farmiga is excellent in this. I loved this movie. And the ending is a tough one
God has been good.
not sit around all day talking shit
Somebody go buy me a salad tho
So who's watching the Caps/Bruins game tonight?
- And he had Justin Beiber behind him during the walk! I'm, I don't even know how to feel about that.
"You're walking like a Disney witch." Why is #NewGirl so amazing?!
This weekend is looking pretty good (: #relaxinweekend?(:
"5 inches" and its comfortable for me.
did any cuny j-schoolers come up with a better term than one-man band? really ready to be done with this idea after finals.
Maria: "I feel sexually attractive, and witty, and gay."
How come EVERYTHING that happens once you tend too screw up.. D:' whhattevverrr.
I may or may not have just wet my bed laughing at your "Goofy" drawing..
Haven't watched SportsCenter in a few days. Just saw Artest's elbow. #FuckYou World Peace! He should be expelled from the NBA, no doubt.
Stop by and see Mama at 3657 N. Southport. Parked in front of Dog-a-holics until 3:00 today!!
Ask him how he'd feel if you just made out with anyone you ran into and tell him it's the internet version of that.
New Life, Lotto for the beaver
Wasup wit a shout out ta :)
cool bowl!
If you find a tape recorder in the basement, don't play it...ever!
it's spotify playlist, so i think it's a bunch of volumes combined. i'm skipping the crappy songs.
So it's #FridayThe13th and all we have to say is avoid people with or in hockey mask and don't go in the woods ...we dont want u to die <3ER
Good point.
Slab to the M.
“: Looking for six children's books (age 7-12) #Caribbean #ChildrensLit #Fiction Suggestions please"} FYI ” Thanks
These girls finna make me sad.
Also have a newfound love for country.
Yes, until everyone realized that other people's kids were none of their business. Maybe it's better that way.
We just had a chiropractor from Tulsa buy a rod rack for his pool table room!
Happy Earth Day! How will you be celebrating?
Sometimes it isn`t where you`re going. It`s who you`re with.
Niggas asked me to buy them liquior like bro can you buy us lq lmfaoo I'm like I'm 17 my nigga
"To arrive at the simple is difficult." Rashid Elisha
Its windy as Fuck but its still hot!
Tree down on Park Ave. near Race in SJ 5:52 pm
Believe me...Here kicking wit homiez...All #Spurs fans...I'm maintaining though lol...7 game series though
#ThisSummerImTryna not be home at all unless I'm swimming in my pool
So yeah I got a hundred In science
if we on the phone & i hear a lot of noise in the background, damn right i'm hanging up. i called for YOU, not to hear that shit muhfucka.
countdown to graduation <<<<<<<<<<
Thanks! I'm pretty fond of it.
Only 11 years? I'm on the 17-year plan. Graduation set for mid 2020s. After that we can all be millionaires.
It's depressing to be up this early.
Putting together the budget for "COLLEGE FUND" Tour!
sad cole hamels is suspended but that was such a good hit!
Love (and sorely need) some mindfulness at SXSWi "attention to intention is how the mind changes the brain" thank you,
HP v Westlake hahaha RT : I hope this Lions v. Saints game is as good as I think it's going to be.
Lets see if I can write this essay with a messed up finger...!
If someone asks you what i'm like just say "she's like a Greg kinnear type."
Who wants to go get ice cream?! <U+E33A>
2012 Resolution #8: Remind non-techies you know that they shouldn't click on those strange links in mail!
i absolutely hate mac miller
Want a pass for two to the screening?
“If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.” Albert Einstein
#GatoMadre means Cat Mother. Why is this trending?
#soundsgood what time ?
thats ok stauroylla i follow you
Good, but two late draws in two days is a killer! Tired...so tired. #curlingrocks!
thanks buddy!
how much is too much? my everything inside hurts.
Come in and grab a burger and fries and Indians ticket for $15!!
I'm the kinda person that doesn't listen to leaks or preview samples of an album. So I'm mega excited for
yeah, their design is kinda blah. I lovelovelove the drag & drop calendar (as might be obvious lol) but that's the main thing
Thanks for helping promote!
swear, it feels like u were just 8 yrs old! Can't believe how fast time is flying!
Brandon Jacobs?
Tweeting about us today? Use or #craftybastards in your tweets!
"Belfast Marathon runners urged to become organ donors" I'd steer clear of the suspicious Belfast Mem Hospital TRUCK driving by on race day.
The graph continues: Sir Ian, Sir Ian, Sir Ian...WIZARD! Can't wait to see your work in the new film Ian!
Thanks for following. Hope life in b-town in good!
Thanks for the visit. Nice to see ya pal--RT : “: Drinks tonight at - who's in?"
Tried 'Instant Immersion' to learn French- c'est un bon programme!
And of all glad words of prose or rhyme, the gladdest are, “Act while there yet is time.“ – Franklin P. Adams
so great to see you today at #HachettePrev! Did you have a favorite book(s) from today?
All right, I've heard there are other bcbs ppl here. Where are you?
Game of Thrones is available as a 4-eBook set from my library for a 21-day period. How am I supposed to read 4 books in 3 weeks?
nobody taught us to cook, still niggas will grill.
Congrats to & on their wedding this weekend!
Dreamt about going through the drive-thru at McDonald's. Uh.
yes! I just got in tonight but i'll be around until Friday afternoon. Maybe we can arrange to say hi sometime tomorrow?
Lars and the real boy
Fireworks time baby!
and when i mean nap i mean my head hit the pillow and i died ;D
I Used To Run That Album In High School. And My Girl Lives On Q-Tip's Old Block Lol
's favorite childhood cartoon was Bugs Bunny.
Going my friends house in a bit :]
Welcome to Broncos Country!!! Time to prove everyone wrong. Rod Smith was undrafted!
happy birthday man! We all miss you!
Cali? im not her :(
SHOP WITH US IN 2011 and get rewarded to do so! LUCKeSHOPPER
Wow, there's nothing like getting a genuine and flattering compliment first thing in the morning!
You better clean this up or Mom's gonna lose it. 3yo: What things is mom going to lose?
Yep. I'm going to 1st Thursday at 7. But first I'm seeing : Showing Up - A Conversation about the Audition at 5PM. Check SAG site 4 info.
Thanks for another great session everybody. See you next week.
what happened?
Up real early and for no reason....FML!!!
Hello :) Care to help a new novice mra racer? I'll put ohlins all over the bike,leather. Would mean te world o me. Thanks
KENTUCKY BOUND ///"yes sir"
she is freaky (; lol
Arden audio is where I go for my business, he has awesome sound systems. Poor guy
New bike seat, and I'm back in business! Now to take care of the car and to get caught up on my students' projects.
Went to the bath house last nite. It was pretty lame until a younger guy came in. He fucked me good and he fucked me raw.
Everyone is a leader, believe it or not you are leading someone somewhere, right now.
Ha ha...I know. I'm still trying to figure it out as well!
I’ve never thought of myself as a good #writer. …read one of my first drafts. But I'm one of the world's great rewriters.
lmao shut up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Pat Seed talks about ArcGIS, Geonames, Panoramio, tools for mapping how YOUR way (minus the vacation pics and hotel ads)
: You should know 's doing this in heels. RT I am pulling for !
you playing ball in mass or overseas?
It is the basis of the website success which leads to sales of products
agreed. But this is the 73rd rite of passage in the past 4 years...
what exactly goes into a Oxacan coffee??
Yeah! It has for me :)
It's called Beirut fuck faces, not beer pong.
Thanks for visiting and for checking in on . What Pie did you have?
Sunday Brunch at KISS---I think I will make a Green Chile Frittata
Happy Birthday hope you have the best bday ever =:)
you go girl
Don't miss the season finale of tonight with Can I get a RT Jess~Nick~Winston??
Hubby is going to make cheeseburger chowder for #dinnertonight. Its a great night for soup. Yummy!
Better late than never! Happy Anniversary from Barefeatz and Dani!
This is one spot I kind of agree with Bomani. We need to collectively quit crying and just DO.
#bubbles forever blowing. that is all.
Umm just saw a clip of the girl chipmunk's singing 's hot and cold #SoCute!!
I like the #rain when I am home not when I'm about to drive.
Exec. office space available downtown Pittsbugh from $250/mo - contact for more details
Planning a party in my extra strict teachers (especially with food) class. The last full day before final exams.
You're welcome! :)
!!! Builda the Re-Bicycler got a mention in ! Totally, totally awesome!
really? they seem to be working from my account. hmm. i wonder where I'm going wrong. thanks for the heads up.
I last area beef meeting on the calendar! Area 7 on the 26th!
Ok fb friends and fam. Its 107 in the shade with a breeze. Gotta love it
"what happened to your knee?" = "you talk for a sec then ima let you know my entire personal injury history, k?"
RT : Let Shui clothing be your self expression ... www.shuiclothing.com <=== How can someone else self express for you??
Ouch...strikeout. Still, Hart is DUE for a biggie.
Looking forward to seeing you @ too !!! Thank you!!!!
Join us Wed. May 18 at 7pm for Paramount Slick Music Studio Open Jam. Doors open at 6:30pm. Show up, sign in and show off!
Need a good #yoga class for me and the mister this weekend in #NYC. Suggestions? Fave studios?
The only person who is still at work in the middle of DTLA and everyone outside is protesting..
right answer!! Me too!! :) are you going to Fenway?
Who's Hungry We are feeding the Hungry Ones of Cleveland till 9 tonight!
I'm so glad we can all get along. But I only have to fix up a relationship n my life will be great again :)
says he is not trying to convince us to wear tinfoil hats.
I'm in Disney right now :) gettin ready to go on the tower of terror!!!!
how are you feeling now?
At the Twolves game, some kid is waving a cut out of 's head... Hmm
Wheels...down! Road trippin w to San Diego (with a stop in LA)! Ivy on Thursday. We're comin for ya SD.
Waking up at 6:30 on a Saturday<<<
wear coke white cuz my vans hella clean
at least it wasn't a wild animal.
Just took to the train station. Already I miss her haha
Yall drunk last night? RT : Y'all just don't knw how bad my head looked last night after tht shot, and beer and daiquiri lol!
love it! Call us out. Hahaha
just follow our Convo..
We made it back to the bus without anyone falling in the Tidal Basin or getting lost. That is my definition of success.
Good morning loves! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I just wanna love the ppl that love me. Idc about nobody else and their drama.
7-5 in the weak big east is success?!?
If you can't leave the house without make up then you might as well leave a mask on you're face to hide from the world. #insecure?
Could Rachmaninoff be the old school Joy Division?!
then I would recommend What's Your Number? with Anna Faris. He's shirtless quite a bit in it
I have an extra ticket for widespread panic tonight. Who's down????
Thinking about you tonight Toon. Good luck bud!!
Yayy! #yeeeehaaa indeed! ;) I'm leaving Boston friday and I'll be in Austin hopefully the 17th! I'd love to come see yall!
Happy Birthday to my old neighbor ! Hope it was a good one!
Dirge blindsides Quackenbush after the match and blasts him with some big forearms. Steen then hits him with the Package Piledriver.
Diligently searching for work while widening my network
no snow in Seattle but wind is going to be gusting up to 40mph with rain showers! we finally warmed a little
RT : Weds 4/25 Get smart takes on housing's latest ups and downs at the NAHB Construction Forecast Webinar ttp://t.co/dSsbckSf
i mean I pay 15$ less a month. And I am not getting paid to promote this just really happy with service and price!!
just saw a badass landing in tight boat traffic! Witnessing a lot of go-arounds right now.
thanks Erin! As a writer, I feel like I should know what everyone's freaking out over but I don't have the free time to read drivel
Tiger's divorce is going to cost how much? USSportspages.com
What I love is that everyone was sweating! good thing.
follow my new page please bro this one can't follow yet thanx i followback asap on that one
Shooting the commercial for the June 11 show with
Can't Wait For My Jewelry Party<U+30C4>
must be DC...
Put the Om in Mom: Green Monkey Members can bring their moms (or Monkey Moms bring your kids) for a free class on Mother's Day!
its sick man
rt i've given up. definitely time for bed instead
Youth throughout #Chicago facing no jobs, violence, school dropout rates are high.
Great day visiting schools - delivered iPods to students in urban schools - I challenged them to do math (lots of it) and they did!
I had a wonderful time at #badasscelebration It was great seeing everyone and meeting new people. :0)
Very true. I hope to move a manuscript by the end of the summer. A little anxious because it will be my first.
go ahead do it! do it!
I have lots of colorful lipsticks from NARS in my makeup bag this spring!
can't we walk lol tbh I like jogging by myself less distracting
How much stock do ou put in www.factcheck.org
Can they make a caramel macchiato frappuccino during this happy hour craze ? Help me out
btw, I'm very disappointed with today's cupcakes. I'm making up for it with copious frosting and sprinkles.
#InCollege you need to be your own motivation
Beautiful! Thank you!
I vote for Cammi Cakes! (Had 2 for dinner last night so I'm a lil bias....)
had to step it up another notch for that joint
My sleep schedule is so messed up. Not tired one bit right now. I don't know how I'm gonna get up for school on Thursday...
Me and Nick have been together 355 days. #ThatsExciting <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Looking for community stores to donate items to Doc It Foundation. Clothing, bedding, or any items that you can donate.
I rested yesterday! Today I did stappers & cardio! :)
Sleepless in Seattle is a great movie. I don't care what anyone says.
The Spring Fling Main Event is almost here! Tonight @ 6p, we will be hosting a $125 DS Qualifier, where 5 Main Event seats are GUARANTEED!
Anyone who wants to know my Top 50 Countdown for the week, tweet me using #TonyDsTop50 and I'll figure something out :]
“: Really looking forward to being a sponsor on Sat. What an exciting event!” look forward 2 having U!
It doesnt cost anything to offer advice.
EVPH .006's up nice move coming
HAHAHAHA so true. I HOPE PAUL'S CHILDREN EAT HIM
Congrats of , named Boise State's Outstanding Student Volunteer of the Year!
When your sound check is longer than your set.
I agree....should have never made club/just my opinion!
I'm think I'm Def gonna have to go to the Mr Olympia This Year!
Damn ii just hate it when my sister comes && bothers me..... thought its kinda funny kicking her out :>)
Here's to hoping has a great vacation in Switzerland ... say hi to all the Swedes for us !!!!
Thank you.
keep at it!
Who knew. It all started with a pair of shoes.
GAMEDAY! Stop by and register to win a UK Care Package loaded with awesome gear
I can't wait to set up my brother with -welcome to the family Lena
And seriously, I hope that was drawn on an iPad because wow...much better than what I come up with on my iPhone. :)
Fuck u insomnia
Walking downtown in the rain. this is fun...N0T OneAndOnly<3
PLEASE. Text me maggs!
Hey! You should follow ... Awesome people!!!
Id listen to it that many times but I can't listen to it over and over again/:
no joke. Literally every night my timeline is covered with a your tweets. Not to mention your daily trends that get to #1 :)
ikr! I want to see 21 jump street but its rated R >_<
I'll be back on it tomorrow had vball tonight. Passed the torch to Eric and his 23 followers
Big announcements coming in the legal research world!
What bugs me the most is, to be grammatically correct, it should be YLOO.
My thesis got approved. I think I now officially have my MFA in Acting!
#ucla blame #Neuheisel? the qb cupboard is baron like davis - but isnt that his responsibility? I want to believe in the program, but. . .
So.... i'm dumb. I can push to readability in Opera mobile via the share button.
RT Going to their house or having them over to "watch a movie" ain't a first date, it's a royal mistake.
is looking forward to the DePaul Education Career Fair tomorrow...right.
Leave corner shops out of it!!! And yes I did very much, it made me smile ;) x
Though I do like Crasnick's explanation that Lawrie's suspension is for a "wig-out"
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you go on a date with a girl that is really fine
Anyone else's #gmail experiencing problems right now? It won't let me log on to either of my two accounts.
"Guilt-free Goodies." People Magazine Style Watch
I think you look like a whore.
Proud italian. Bitches!!! Xoxo's
Did you see the new trailer for the Dark KNight Rises? Words cannot deserve it.
U can publish it yourself at Amazon KDP.
What establishment do Ward 5 DC City council candidates (all 19 of them) favor for dinner in their ward? Wards 1-8 want to know.
OMG THERE DOIN GIVE ME EVERYTHING. hehehheeh
#BeMilwaukee #GoBucksGo....what's up at the Palace...sad crowd...wow
RT : Does anyone know how to get chocolate milk out of an iPad?
share the scores with us xD
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AND ALSO LIL JAE HAS A PERFORMANCE!! HOPEFULLY YALL WERE INVITED TO EITHER ONE!! BUSY BUT FUN NIGHT!!
I like the way she take it to the top...drop.... and stop it right before it hits the flowww.
Editing Drums and tracking vocals tonight.
Why is love so darn complicated
Drop-off for the annual members show is today 5-8p. if you aren't a member, sign up at the gallery, starting at $35 per year!. it's a STEAL.
New York friends: we’re coming to see you! Join me & 50 top Oregon winemakers and taste our wines at City Winery on April 16th.
o here we go... sucks im so old huh? lol i will be the big 28 in march!
Need to talk to someone
i need to book you ladies dm me asap
Congrats! RT : Holy crap! Major props to Jeremy & Cynthia Mills of for being named Wilbur Snypp Award recipients ...
Frappy Hour with ! Shots of chocolate oreo, but next time we are doing double shots of the Green Tea
Wheres The Money. That's All I'm Gonna Say.... I Got A Shot Waiting For U If U Ever Show Up
Read Yahoo's YQL docs, trying to figure out what (if anything) it means for
mm yes! Bring me some. (:
Here's another one, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Hope you're doing well and having fun wedding planning!
Olive Garden claims they're just as passionate about cheese as I am.
Are you interested in intermittent fasting. www.theleansaloon.com
anything fa my ol lady
it's possible that doesn't know that we know each other.
Garbage in, garbage out.
turn on your heat before your pipes burst!
still have room for one more?
I hope the Pain Management team has less bureaucracy to deal with than we encounter in Tennessee.
You do a really good job on the TV broadcasts and as old as I am, I still learn something every time I listen to you do a game.
Always RT : Too much hostility in my tl. Yall need to chill
haha, damn. That's Chad's area of expertise!
Thanks so much for coming in, glad you enjoyed it! What was your favorite small plate and cocktail? The Kentucky Breakfast?
I was soo cute whenever I was little, What heppend?
I'm fascinated as well atm. Muse for a new play? ;-). That'd be interesting...
That's fine...wbu? ;) RT : All the nasty johns “ Who loves me?”
The best graduation speech at UH Manoa came from the woman poet graduate of 2012. #standingovation aloha
I am so glad its a 3 day weekend. doing some chores now then going to the Beacon Hill picnic to hang out with friends. :D
You would be pleased to know, I am having to eat through some of your suggestion today. Eating crap to get to where I want to be
have you ever head of//watched Torchwood??
have a good show babe
“: ack. Let us both find safe passage to green trees and good tasting beer. #Vegas #PDX” ---- FYP :-)
haha! I know. It must get really stressful.
Wow it is so nice today! Not to hot with a very nice breeze. Can't wait for the cold to get here. Sunny Florida.
This week I'm writing a literary analysis of Arthur Miller's "The Crucible" for my American Literature class. I loved the play...
wait...why can't you get in??
you are the biggest ledgend ever !!
We teach awareness and how to avoid conflict as well as non-lethal options. The gun is your absolute last resort. Education is key!
Welcome back!
I've been following you on twitter for a while but everytime i come to your page it says im not following you . ):
I had a great time calling
Just realized tomorrow I'm leaving New Orleans! I will miss this so much, men. The smell of nature, the felling of ocean. N.O. on my heart <U+2665>
cold day in SD today! let's go #BOLTUP SD!
Research...and it don't stop...
lol.. that gun old as hell
RT #Affirm - Yesterday was the last day of my old Life, today I'm gunna do whatever I like. I'm free, free, free!!!
scraps wishes the best for all the penguins struggling 2 survive b/c of global warming...unless they taste delicious.
#FF to the prettiest person you'll ever watch eating dinner --
Wow...was a few weeks ago. I guess time flies. cc
had a flight. Not bad?
In my mailbox: "Deadfall Hotel" by Steve Rasnic Tem, "Moby-Dick" by Herman Melville & the July/Aug issue of Alfred Hitchcock Mystery Mag.
hi to Read your eBook on SEO. Wondering if you'd be interested in working with some of my HubSpot customers as a special guest?
Is it worth it to work for yourself? YES but definitely not for the faint of heart! Be brave, people. Help others succeed and U R successful
I have chronic asthma from second hand smoke indoors..smoking is Bad
There are people out there who only talk to me when they need something.
i do that a lot. Great way to be left alone.
Paybacks a bitch!!!!!
thank you :)
Q6 read the books. good exposure for erotic lit. found issue with the story and characters but don't ban!
Hadn't considered it, but just heard it sung in a commercial. Woman holding an infant. Last line was hummed.
Thank you all for a great night, see you again at Trago on March 31st
Made a friend at the gym :)
what im not even playing dont you watch the news lol
you're funny!
Who's running the Richard S. Caliguiri City of Pittsburgh Great Race tomorrow?
If we both Make $, why can't we Spend it Together?
Its the little things that matter the most to a female
dude in sure we will' were douou live!
My next project's going to have a matte finish. The "glossy Web 2.0 with reflections look" has officialy begun to bore me.
I hope 2 b there as long as we cam find a car. I have 2 broken leg and it caused ur 2 lose r car and furniture. Hope 2 c u there!
i have a facebook. and im online c;
if you're really that bored #doyoureallyknowwhatyou'reinfor
What features would your ideal truck have?
Thanks for the reminder!
Another 5k down...is a 10k next? On another note
I know!
The rich do not create jobs, tax cuts do not create jobs... DEMAND creates jobs...
American traditions hamburger, hotdogs, hot apple pie eats. Baltimore traditions hot steamed crabs and ice cold beer. Don’t u just love it?
Fish burn is literally the dumbest teacher. Pretty sure he's only here because his mom used to be kingsway's principal.
Hello everyone This is Justin Bieber I made a new twiter VAIT I just released a new album is part fan but I love you
cute i love u ur so pretty and i hope u reply
what r chances he's just staying off it for tomorrow?
Happy New Years people! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
very true
Poop on the A's for sweeping the Giants. POOP!
Hit you with da south east gift of gab !!!
IN man accused of #sextortion in federal court today. I'm in Terre Haute to bring u updates on Richard Finkbiner's detention hearing
We are all about luxury and experiences! Thanks for the
Have you ever had to call yourself on the phone just to find it?
And he fails me <U+E416>
Work your ass off or blow it off, same grade. One of life's little ironies.
#security is needed everywhere in
stop the lies!!
can't get the car started. Maybe my alternator?
RT : Get your #SBXLVI Tees from Indy's finest! Been rockin' mine this week. All eyes on Naptown!!!
Even with all the demoralizing vocabulary of rap music, the two grossest phrases to me are still "heavy petting" and "College Republicans".
One word *Amazing*
#Congress: “My daughter loves her program, and it keeps her active. Save #afterschool programs!” –Ginger
+250 guests!! Looking forward to catering at the Natural History Museum in Balboa Park this weekend.
So disappointing! Was hoping for a good new bar in my 'hood, but yeah, totally not worth reeking of fried food after
Half of these hoes ain't worth shxt ... You can tell by the way they carry themselves “: Woman's worth!”
Anybody else ever had these "cupcake bites" from the movies? This nasty crap.
No more Jimmy Johns for me
Almost time to add a 3rd. You can never have too many.
lovin' floppy hats, just bought 2 at seaside vacation!
No Im older than you (:<
Our Pirate and Princess Party is tomorrow night. Come at 5pm for pictures, games and more!
Anton Pavlovich Chekhov~ We shall find peace. We shall hear angels we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
I am faster than 80% of all snakes. “: Channeling Dwight Schrute, nice.”
1 more time with the color turquoise n the hair. I think a deep cobolt blue is next in line.
where was ur #woman #mechanic when I needed a new engine?? LOL! I could hv used the lesson. My engine wasn't frugalicious!
we doin great.We are about to b in full affect next week.And when we meet but nxt week.We are gonna work on that sng wit yall.
Thanks for the RT
get well...or else!
Denise: "What do you all think about the parallel scenes activity?" Workshop participant: "Wow." It's great to see educators learn :)
FINALLY HM & HAVE T-MOBILE @ 12pm, OVERALL, SLOW START BUT WE GOT EM GOING, GREAT NIGHT & THNX 4 HAVING US ROCK UR PARTY, GLAD YA ENJOYED!!!
umm.. my mother rememeber the dude dairs I told you about?!
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not. (via )
Everyone kills Adam Everett but look closer at his numbers...decent offensive guy for some years and GG shortstop.
yup that's me ;) Thank you, your to kind. How did you like the show?
First 100 followers down! Keep spreading the word! Your support means the world to us!
i text that number EVERYDAY:) please follow me!
working bach cello suite I lots of counterpoint will be a challenge! but the allemande is the most sublime thing on earth!
Busy day in the studio today.
Loud music will definitely give u a headache.... lol yesterday was a moving church...
lol I luv how we are tweeting at each other and txting at the same time #Truefriendship (:
Need to have an honest to goodness ladies day/night soon. Want to go out on the town, and shop till I drop.
Parade traffic gridlock is making my work life difficult today, but at least I get to experience it with the top down. :)
Celebrating tonight with Milwaukee's best steaks! Is it 7pm yet?!?
Unless your wife's' name is Grace and your not with Grace
Well, that was a nail-biter of a game. Next time, #mavs ...
I don't like them or snakes
thank you!! Check out my rock n roll outfit Me Vs Myself, www.mevsmyself.net
Wish we were waving from across the pool...but soon!!!! RT : *waves hi* from across the room :-)
most modern medicine actually 'works' pretty poorly, keeping people alive without curing them isnt too profound imo
Fantastic!!! RT : Swagger Martin City is open! Come down and check out the new place. 13401 holmes rd, KCMO 64145.
I did, once upon a time and then it came true!
Pink nail polish is gone :( kept chipping off between my teeth :$
If two people are meant to be together, eventually they'll find their way back.
aww man ..did y'all go?
and Are coming up next on
1st day with students....seems like a good bunch of kids
Hate being sick
haha i was the drug dealer.
American Reunion is a must see! Still laughing!
I'm a big boy now
My friendship bracelet already fell off...
i am!
well, whatevr happens w paper this semester wont b from a lack of trying. Ten + hrs w/ tutor & on 23rd rewrite of 1st 20 pgs. alone.
Fuck you barca and fuck AC Milan. -- Real Madrid
Those moments where its just, awkward
puzzles the hell out of me too....
I totally forgot about the tootsies rolls. I miss those days
you know it! you too:)
na, got a wedding next week so taking a long holiday weekend. If I were off I wouldn't listen, I'd be studying.
I did live talk shows before without TelePrompter and the switch was rough.I enjoy tv unscripted much better.
No. Norfolk State will beat them. Florida will crush them. Yep, I hate Marquette
yes! I would love to get some outdoor screenings going on. We should talk. I want to know more about your river doc.
With all the pot you'll be smoking there, will you even care?
B.o.a.n: bout to head to church and give God some praise. Then head to Olive Branch for some dinner and much needed relaxation. Peace out!
follow back
rachelle would listen but she is bussing tables at a Jewish deli in Encino tonight
Ugh fuck my alarm
i agree. Hope we can come back.
I can't believe I worked more hours than my dude. He's LOVING being a Butcher's apprentice but it's very hard work. I'm proud of him!
Keep drinking lots of water! You need 2 liters per day and another liter for every hour you work out!
First Looks: Advanced Style’s Ari Seth Cohen on His First-Ever Photo Book, Marc Jacobs’s Fall Show, and Tommy Ton
I hate when i gagg on motzarella sticks .
I say "Live each day as if it were your FIRST"..On your first day you came into the world you were all about exploring and conquering.
what!?!? That's animal cruelty hahaha x)
Feelin down...missing someone on top of that too. Sigh
Congratulations Gary Nelson for reaching the Summit of Mt Everest!
that's my specialty
Guess who's posted more photos? !
News In midst of a controversy, Scott stays in the hunt Adam Scott says his caddie's racial slur against former boss Tiger W
So sleepy. Watching the clock until a reasonable bedtime a few hours from now!
Congrats to Deluhery, WINNER of the Bloody Mary Challenge . She guessed 45 bloodys on #Facebook & we sold 47...
You and you alone make me feel that I am alive
Thx man, we are staying next to Best Bet Jacksonville
#thoughtsofjimnazos no shit we're gonna win this game because we're gonna do things exactly right
I Rep my city..D Hat..stay-fresh... Detroit..where..I'm-from..
Well thanks for the follow, ! Love the app, love the idea...be looking for a little somethin' special soon :)
Hahaha sluts these days, can't tell their panties from their shorts. SMH.
I try to send out 2-3 Tweets per day, and get RT'd a few times per post. On FB, I usually post pics of workshops I've done.
NBA Meetings over with no new deal. Commissioner David Stern cancels first 2 weeks of NBA regular season
iloveit wen people being kind to me and not being BARBIE
lol ahaha good times! I gotta admit that was quite good! Haha
Holding back your feelings stops you from getting hurt, but it also holds you back from finding true happiness.
I want to live in UK or Canada, one day I will.
Team Thick With A Pretty Smilee ! #BOW !
RT : Idalou coach Don Long just let me know Idalou and Cisco meet 7:30 next Friday in Colorado City.
If you don<U+FFFD>t like your emotional reaction, you need to clean up the lies that you believe
and yet isn't that y we luv him.... LOL #AlSharpton is an amazing American story.
Watched a mini bio on Bill Cosby in 1st period ^_^ I love that guy
Hey u!
Thank You!! :D
Your not suppose to be in my head your suppose to be my love in my heart
This is why I laughed when the Clippers hired Vinny
All I gotta do is wait for that new album... Okay, deep breaths. I can do this, I can do this..
Salsa dancing starts at Famous Dave's after #YPOTC business #networking. : ) Get your Tuesday groove on!
for the win. you can feel it, right?
Yo what up u miss Saturday with we was partying
I was wondering maybe Could I make you my baby? If we do the unthinkable would it make us look crazy? If you ask me I'm ready
The anxiety of waiting for June 10th. Ugh I can't take it .
As a liberal Northeasterner who now lives in ATX and has never voted for a conservative ever, I am completely disgusted by these Perry jokes
ATTENTION MAHOMIES!!! Especially ones that live in chicago HELP TREND #MahoneOnB96 PLEASE!!! <3
Louise Mensch calls for subsidies for local newspapers - The Guardian
Thanks for the #FF! :)
it's a theatre/bar.
- Snag a photo of the interior for us if you can! Psyched to find someone on scene who hasn't signed an NDA! :)
Followed & shouted out RT S/O to I follow um and I want you to do the same
Steak actually makes me sick. :/
get on Hulu and watch season 8 of the office
Admit it. At one point in your life you pretended that the floor was hot lava and if you stepped on it you'd die.
But while I'm no expert on the literary marketplace, I'm pretty sure there's ALWAYS a market for a book about a dead mall.
Our market manipulating buddies are struggling to get a handle on the markets today. They keep making progress, then the markets slide more.
To Pawn America RE your tv ad: you say your goods are "recycled" but technically they are "reused".
Miss you too!! COME TO VEGAS!!
Pickup Line: Wow! Are those real?
which state bores me more? Minnesota or Maine? Heard your new bf lives in Naperville...
The heart wants what it wants. Thats one thing you cant control
The 95 Indians were pretty special too.
DentalCareABC thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly tell them that Wal-Mart is having a sell on paper bags.
Great post Marie. But I still think it was Breaking Dawn that made you bedridden ;-)
that's cause I really don't be trying.......(in my Torree voice)
that should not be an problem if you are porting the number over
Good idea! Where do you want to go?
Bringing my dog to work today. Those who know him, know what kind of day I'm about to have!
Congrats Man!
Going out with my bestfriend And You ?
indeed lol i feel ya
So it's monday I have loads of homework and to top it all off we have pictures this week...WONDERFUL (sarcasm intended) >:P
Fresh off catch me at pour house!
OK, so is Obama now campaigning to fast track Keystone pipeline leg? What can be done to stop this?
yeah that's just dumb then. seriously in this day and age he should know better
Dance-fest!
where are you getting it from ??
VCU! Third year in a row I correctly picked the 12 vs 5 upset!
"You must do the things you think you cannot do." - Eleanor Roosevelt
In accounting we're always on the computers and eating.
LABOR DAY PICNIC UPDATE: Due to the torrential rains predicted to drench the area all weekend, the picnic is CANCELLED. Will be rescheduled.
If u ever get the chance talk with someone 70 plus. Guarantee these old timers can teach u about good old fashioned hustle
lol I'm trying to book a big one for November I'll keep u posted
RT Giants closer Brian Wilson likely out for rest of season due to structural issues in pitching elbow.
You know you're up too early when you have to wait outside for the greasy spoon to open.
Morning max, thanx for the follow. I'm looking forward to reading your post. Take care...
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
my bro decided to treat them with soda today, so now their on a roll.lol
well discombobulated yourself to sleep.
Alec hear you are going to guest star on Anger Management with Charlie Sheen is in the works, now that will be awesome brother!
Hi tracey, just curious as an LMS, what technology resources have you found to be successful with your students?
May the Fourth be with you! Happy #StarWarsDay to all of you full of nerdy goodness and cheer :)
Hey gf, what are you doing Saturday? If nothing, there's a big local music fest that I'm going to in Deep Ellum. DRINKS/MUSIC!
Glasser: Loss of the newsroom = loss of camaraderie, loss of socialization into journalism through the newsroom for young journalists
R.I.P #AdamYauch of #TheBeastieBoys :-(
Welcome aboard
Hi JFM Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
I triple dog dare to RT this!
took advantage of your great 24/HR sale,awesome sites and great tees! Nice custom storenvy shop, might switch from bigcartel
Only you can be you so make every second worth it .
I was
I'm still at school #help my mom really likes to talk
Back to work for me today. Everyone enjoy the last day of #TxLA12! It was great to see so many fierce librarians in one place!
Now writers say comparative effectiveness is cookbook medicine...yum.
Will make a (hopefully long) appearance at #wpbt during my day trip to Vegas....
Had a biz breakfast at #lecaprice at The Pierre in NYC, delish, great friendly service.
Sometimes #eldercare giving sneaks up on us and you may not realize the actual amount of care someone may require
Remember - the storify post for tweets will remove RT so offer your original thoughts and quips is much appreciated.
This tupac hologram is going to hunt me in my sleep ...
I gave the kids w/Steelers jerseys on their pick of the candy!
Come on Nuggs....Wolves right on your ass for that 8th and final playoff spot...GET IT DONE!!!
back to the scary cave for song writing.
so is that a picture of you in your old office?
. gives credit 2 panelists for a great conversation, all of us sitting down in the same room to discuss this.
Oh god.
RT Some people see more in a walk around the block than others see in a trip around the world.
Cui bono! Bro. Gavin is turning in his grave.
We have to show them the numbers, clicks w/ and w/o the proper label [video]. 'show me the $' can move the chain.
Are You Ready To FLY!!!!
Yes! 600 followers strong. May not be a lot in comparison to some others but, you guys are plenty for me to love.
hey there. Thanks for the #ff. Have a great weekend!
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
You're going to make mistakes in life. It's what you do after the mistakes that count. ~ Brandi Chastain
How can I start my new job at 10 and catch the "Ask Boswell" chat at 11? Prince Fielder. Really? Bye bye Zim.
Want FREE Elvis Glasses? Send your best picture in Aris Allens to along with your address & we'll do the rest!
Thanks fam! Tell E Dog I said its the truth haha
Hi Jayson, I love your work! I would love to have you on as a guest on my radio show from Jerusalem, Israel!
I NEED JUSTIN'S NEW PHOTOSHOOT. OMFG.
Lol someone said if you watch SIU and you're over 12 you're werid.. Umm
Working on a scene today with Stephen Jobes,THE WANT is key but WHY you want the WANT is what drives you through! WHAT I WANT & WHY!
What a beautiful morning...Just breathing in the cool air.
“: Did #Clemson have a curfew this week? Holy smokes” // Yeah... It was 8:30p...
How's our #NYC Music Video editing coming along EB?
Has there been any proposals for high speed train service previously for the NW?
GRIND BOLD flavor is Mocha Java.
no problemm, if you get a chance go check out our videos on our youtube page! and of course tell you friends about uss haha
If you were to recommend one place for a visiting friend to eat pizza in Chicago, where would it be?
Hey guys, at 3:45 at Stateside, the Do-Deca-Pentathlon is playing... if I were you, and I wanted to laugh my ass off, I would go...
just want to take a moment to thank all my twitter friends...You guys are seriously the best!
Didn't Tyler Myers grow last year, he should be as tall as Chara or taller now.... Right?
I am so behind on #Manga. I have to catch up in so many series. Both excited and dreading how much time this will take
Can my followerz please help my frend get more followerz?? Please i will give u each a solo shoutout if u do!! =D
been tryn all day trynna get windows to work this the last time I'm tryn :/
I'm gonna try to watch TVD again .
muxtape is the BOMB! thank you matt!
Allen makes a perfect three for Phillis
Same for archives? Yes! And libraries!
3.16-3.17 Buy 1 pair of Women's, Salon or BP Shoes, plus 2 pieces of Cosmetics or Fragrances and you will receive a Nordstrom tote bag!
Tuesdays are worthless days
sounds like a metal orgy
Getting set up for the gaming competition on the #Dell booth at #IFA. Come by for a chance to win an #Alienware M18x. Hall 13, 4pm.
Daydreaming while driving and wondering how the hell you made it home alive
JK, I don't have a Mr.Teddy ):
The Wanted - Glad You Came (Cover): via
if you then, being evil, know how to give good gifts, how much more will your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to those who ask!
Hey, #Instagram, quit being a little bitch and let me post my #pictures. Thankfully, #Pinterest is far more compliant than you are.
My pleasure!
bye bye twitter :)
Great to be with you guys. Let's keep talking.
Tinychat it is, guess ill make one today
where them fine ass hoes at haha
Mark did a good job distilling a complicated story into 2 minutes.
Looking for a cheap yet fulfilling lunch? Try our $5 made-from-scratch pasta lunch specials from 11 a.m. - 3 p.m. daily.
I swear if this girl takes up the whole hour of this office hour I am going to be heated
We're almost at 700 followers! RT to get us 7 more people!
Ever thought about breaking your book up into booklet filled with tips, tricks and techs and handing them out at events?
Better than a thousand days of diligent study is one day with a great teacher. -Japanese Proverb
ONE sex worker murdered is one too many.
When there's that small piece of eggshell in your food <<<<
Chrysler is having a hard time coming to terms with the fact that my car is paid off. Constant offers/deals/etc for a new car here lately.
Success isn't the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you'll be successful Albert Schweitzer
“: Harvey Specter > Matlock” suits is sick
Is that like Farscape? I didn't realize you were a fan of 1990s Australian scifi. Puppets in space!
yes that is right -open for the lunch hours!
There's a 99.9% that you'll might not c this,BUT that 1% keeps me going <3(: #NeverSayNever And I hope ur feeling better (':
I'll be the new public affairs director at Ames. I'm lucky. They have a great team there.
Friday's Fact: The space between your eyebrows is called the Glabella.
If my boy shows up next weekend, we're taking lots of pictures.
#NP where have you been -Rihanna <3
my question never got an answer...8( How did Spider-Man feel when Harry bitch slapped him in pt.2 of the movies?..
AT&T service is beyond terrible on the train I take into NYC. It's unusable.
. felt like Melvin Gordon ran harder as the game went on; said best news with #Badgers RS Frosh RB: "We have four years of him."
Thank you! :)
Happy New Years! Praying for you. Good health, peace of mind, joy, strength to endure!Pprosperity in your finance. God bless you!
I love your character Liam & I can't wait to see him in more episodes!!!!:)
Oh sleep. Dear sleep. Whither have you gone?
I can remember people I was a dick to and I'm not proud of it but nothing on this scale. I was more likely on the receiving end
Scare tactics always makes me giggle(:
try a be a playa playa, we see right through you bro :p lol no but for real!
Someone's Life Story can be put into a 1-2 Hour Movie.
girl u need to stop sissy
Alright that's cool. Either way we'll be in touch especially when the final game hits. Can't wait. Thanks.
We <3 ! How about you?
what do you mean MAY Haha they are #oldman just kidding homie.
Is that the same that was Highland's Valedictorian Class of 2010?
Thank you ma'am. Yes I did, lollygagging with my family. I hope you enjoyed your special day too!
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 28
Wow, not the way you want to start the game
I have so much homework
you already know
I got you covered!!!
21 year old lefty from Cuba throws 30 pitches in a bullpen session & locks down a 25 million dollar contract. What a world we live in.
Sounds good. I actually have a pair of free tix to an April game. I will get back to you on the date. :)
Wow, it seems like most #midyear posts are about banks! What banks say, predict, promise and describe. Slightly grossed out.
females stop lukn for the same caliber of man if u tired of them dawgs! you receive what you put out
Congratulations to and who are graduating today Univ of Mt Union 2012 Welcome to the real world
lol. Thats a very proactive plan. :p
consistency is key, even w/ sharing and participating on other blogs & on your other netwrks authentically
haha hell yes I love you:)
uh oh!! Looks like the Thigpen Kids are reuniting today!! Time to annoy mother!! lol
Laying down for a nap.
its not a landmark
Difficulties increase the nearer we approach the goal.
I do have a test today, that wasn't bullsh**. It's on European Socialism. I mean, really, what's the point?
Welcome to my world!
Throwing this out there... how many individual posts do you like to show on your blog (per page) and why?
hmm well i dont really know much about him, i just know who he is ahahahaha. but thanks for asking(:
good idea, what about the BDC est criteria for when to eliminate enterprise zones. (Harbor East should have lost it before now)
Its game time #whodat baby!!!
Thanks -- we're on it!
How did I miss that seating assignment?!?
En route to park city, UT for a gig tonight!
Drunk posting.... so happy at 4 n 20... ah! Wish I had someone to talk to!! Such a girl right now. Ah! Future so bright!! Ah!
Always ready! But get the vibe I'm the only one who watches. Sigh. MT Get ready! A new episode of #TheFirm airs tomorrow night!
This comes up every year in my family, so I'm curious what you think! Egg Nog: delicious holiday treat or no??? *Danielle*
Season 5 is the best ever!
it's okay babe<3
Blew one resolution last night (going to bed before 2 a.m.) but fulfilled another (dance more!). Really curious abt how my year will develop
Hi. Just a (hopefully) polite inquiry. If you're not planning on using this account, would you consider passing it along?
Unfortunately they are real.
Fox News: Mitt under attack by radical left haters as we speak!! ,)
Hanging out at #TSC tonight.
I expected Ned Land to greet this news with unfeigned satisfaction
: I hope you have a great day :))
I don't think oomf and I would get along... Even if we tried.
thanks for the follow Megan!
yeah that's true
I knew you were the man for the job.
I just bought food!
That mini party you have when the teacher leaves the classroom. JOEL! Get off the roof!!!
So nice to be able to just put my laundry in the washer and walk away. No fear of all my underwear getting stolen... again.
Switching to guns... (decaf)
Working on the next #hotlife release designs and honestly. This is going to be the most insane run yet. Get stoked.
Happiness does not consist in pastimes and amusements but in virtuous activities. Aristotle
yeah I know where that is and haha thanks
It's easy! The more length you have on the part that folds over will make the actual tying easier.
I like the person that you are, but I'm in love with the person that you have potential to be
Teachers with Nick Nolte and Ralph Macchio was the #1 movie this day in 1984. I'm a teacher but have never seen this movie.
Just read on MMA Junkie you're going to fight in the Nola!! Good luck champ!!
Just saw I got a follow from a couple days ago. Well, I have finally officially made it!
happy motherfuckin' birthday!
I sell anything I'm a hustler I know how to grind
Me nd are gonna grow up nd work at Disney. Shes marrying Austin and Im marrying Alex. Our texting conversations(;
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, March 27th, 10:30am "Zebras Get Around" Also Kamishibai- Japanese-style of story-telling
2009 brunch with
Toe fucking newborn reptile gash!!
Okay - I love Roger. But that deserved a red.
scratch that, different guy.
The more i read the more psychology i learn
The eye candy in Spartacus is so ridiculous, I always watch the lastest ep. 2x in order to get the dialogue! Great writing!
can you handle this ass?
Thank you very much for sharing. We appreciate that! RT : tidiest and most organized adult store i've visited!
not if deng is out. Still don't think they have enough with roster to beat heat, but no chance w/out deng
If someone says 'I love you' & you don't feel the same way, say 'I love YouTube' really fast.
sometimes the decisions which seem hardest to make, are the ones that will eventually make us happiest
I know! Just saw that too. So stoked!!
Boom—found it! (thanks for verifying)
oh BLESS!!!!! BLESS BLESS BLESS. i'm so excited I am SCREAMING!
so our dogs run to my dad when he calls their names, but ignores me like im speaking a different language.
does not understand that American Culture is based on Multiculturalism, guess that's cause he forsook his for another.
you are very talented and beautiful i don't know how you do it all :) such an artist !
Given the lack of one good recipe collection app, I am resorting to taking pics of any recipe I like. Just easier. Or share yours!
I hope coach Thib get to the press conference clear his throat finally lose that frog & in a normal voice say "this is bullshit"
Then played some 20/40 LH and 1/2 NLH. Lost a few flips, missed a few draws. Made a good bluff-didn't work. Made a bad fold. Down $608.
let's go steelers!
so.... Did that kids baseball thing fall through? Or are we still waiting for teams?
Just got the new cookbook (no. 7, "The Dolce Vita"). It is so beautiful - and I haven't even cracked the cover yet!
" im liking freddie jacobson's chances this week..." of course, i was wrong
U should swing by sometime in the summer and play a little bit. Holla at me if u do...
I love you so much. K?
The Hoole Library is excited to be part of the Week of Welcome events in Gorgas! Come see us and have a snack Tuesday at 11 am!
Taylor swift was more than amazing gnarly night
It's a gorgeous day outside- Come on in for a juicy B burger or some of Santas Salmon. Warm up w/ some hot cider or have a cpl of cookies!
Einhorn's a man? Einhorn's a MAN!!!
i saw You the other day! I tapped on yo shoulder!
u like that?
next time I am in Cville we should find those slides.
How the fuck does a cord from the printer unplug its self and disapper??? But they have been the only two people but don't know where it it.
"I got toothepaste and stew meat"
RT : Me Jane, You Tarzan: Examining Gender Differences: Most men are clueless about women. No matter how hard they...
I'll be happy if we both get the W all i know is at least one of them will make it to the playoffs fo sure lol
The Band is probably the most underrated and unknown band there ever was. Keep that shit playing. Imma play it all my life.
Man I'm so hungry right now!!
Yes I am. (I know that haha, it was clever)
we say we hate high school, that its boring and the people are bitches, but admit it - you're going to miss it when it ends
“the fortress mentality will not work in cyberwar”
Fat loss tip: Don't avoid fat to lose fat. If you eat good fats you'll actually lose more body fat!
Lacee, guess what? ALL the Buccos are classy dudes. Haven't met a jerk yet
Thank you for the giggle. :D
There comes a point in your life when you realize: Who matters, Who never did, Who won't anymore... And who always will.
cool. Thanks!
wait which one?!
love the circuit city in the background.
Favorite quote of the MIT Sports Analytics Conference: Jeff Van Gundy: I don't even know what analytics means. I love this guy.
Drove home from the studio today squealing as I listened to NEARLY finished mix of my song Smolder...the squealing is how I know its close;)
thanks for coming to the 2nd Street workshop tonight, lots of good ideas came out of it.
Gloomy day? It's beautiful, warm and green here--like Summer. We love Summer. So visit the Conservatory today!
Meek Mill >
You got the link fam?
What is everyone doing for Cinco de Mayo??
Extra firm tofu might be my first ~good~ experience with cooking tofu regularly.
THANKS MAMAB YOU ROCK! THIS IS GOING TO BE AWESOME!
I might have an extra ticket for sale for tonight's #Laker vs #Nuggets anyone interested HMU
Thank you!
OMG ITS #DarnellWilliams ON
Odd issue where interaction data is associated with the wrong objects after uploading to MapBox. Will file a report & check locally.
Now speaking, Dr. Mark Kline from Texas Children's Hospital
The only way my boyfriend can watch soccer is if my other boyfriend is playing
Tools to help people log off: 1) Freedom 2) Anti-Social.
what is up Justine. how was the mac concert
>eating Swedish Fish & curling my hair<
How about the original 'Gone In 60 Seconds' or 'Vanishing Point'
That's definitely high on my list before grad school!! I graduate in a year and change...thanks! hang out fri evening?
Hi All - #80's tune - Talking Heads "Take Me to the River."
tweet me since irene ruined my
Feeling better? So far shuttle bus =
Wow this defientley kicked in at the right time
that's what I was getting at.
Great game!
Someone stole the hubcaps of my squad car. Who the fuck cuts zip ties on hub caps?
Only if one has chocolate-dipped bacon.
its 11:11 make a wish!(: i wish you could notice me and RT me!(: <--- i hope you come true! <3
And riding a "horse"? Kudos on an excellent episode! Too bad watching again can't double ratings
I can't believe how many people want Skylar to go home.
Another argument for bundling data with articles and opening the whole thing up to the world for review. Yes!
it was our old singers name and we wanted to be good people and let him have it...
gimme my 600 followers
good choice!:D you needa doctor baby?. <FixMyHeart;*>
I can totally see you saying, "Sticks and stones baby!!" LMFAO!! I <3 it
Who would be the odd man out Bosh? No way Lebron leaves and Wade is the face of The Franchise
Carousel Lounge Austin...CHER UK in the K Car glory, we go on about midnoonnight.
It's not my fault. It's Syracuse's for playing early today. My dad went to high school w/ Boeheim. I'm orange for life.
ahh i see! I thought you were getting those in indiana too!?
#supernatural the rest of the day? I think so.(:
well are you busy right now? You should come over. I'm just getting home
grow super old together :P
Don't forget, this Friday (10/28) the Museum will be hosting our Monster Mash from 10-3. We'll have games, reptile guests, and more.
I love when wears wayfarers. zomg such a dreamboat
RT : #FF Because it's a GREAT gift idea for your mom. Mother's day is in 3 weeks. Get ahead of the game!
In the words of u think a bitch rude if I said I wanna fuck...right now!
Mom just told not to spend all my money in beer. I guess I'm not as sneaky as I thought…
I sometimes forget about Twitter, to be honest. :) That's why I go days without a tweet.
Where is "shit Panamanians say"?
Was prepping Naipaul on the beach this weekend. :)
Hey everybody on Twitter please grow up. People aren't serious enough on Twitter. Fuck you all. I'm unfollowing you all
People storming out in the middle of the show! People laughing, crying and making donations! What's going on here? BROWNIE POINTS thru 5/27
shane battier reminds me of frank the entertainer
PEOPLE ONLY LOOK OUT FOR THEMSELVES.....DAMN SHAME.... GOD GOT A PLAN THOUGH
Have the REPUBLICANS taken a UNITED STAND for the improvement of QUALITY of LIFE for the POOR and the MIDDLE CLASS? NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Having to take shits that burn your asshole <<<
I'm seriously tempted to just write off the Bengals this year. The frustration is officially too much. UGH.
IKR! LOL! They try to act like it's all peaches and creme.
that makes 1 of us! Lol
Grading "Special" teams | If they had lost that fumble | They'd have had an "F" |
I deserve the best
about as hungover as a brick right now.
enjoying the tantalizingly strong historical similarities between web programming and alchemy/chymistry.
Tonight I got to tell one of the Gummer girls how much I loved The Speech. Look, fate MADE me a stalker.
My dad goin be like why do you have a F in band and im goin be like idk ask the damn teacher
"Dreams are your potential future. Dream BIG!" shared by Art Jonak
learning python
You know that feeling when you have been troubleshooting for hours, and then you finally figure it out. Yeah, that.
Bleed It Out.
Thanks Kev! I have to get away from the snow that followed me here. Hey, your 1/2 marathon is coming up right??
When are they going to be new episodes of rediculousness?
AAAAHHHHHHHHH WHEN WAS THIS
I see red
Kid's Day at the Kohl Center 12-2pm! We love seeing all the little Badger fan's eyes light up when they see Bucky Badger!
": ugh . stomach hurts"
Sitting here late trying to write. NP: "Kind of Blue" (Album) by Miles Davis. Think I'll call it a night.
"I want to eat chicken ... not be a chicken." I luv the latest #McDonalds commercial!!
It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us.
Ok who is slacking? No hour 3 of today's DP Show on iTunes??
because Orton is just as likely to throw it to A. Samuel
aw okay cool
Good Morning Fellow Tweeters<U+263A>
Patience is everything in life.
You're welcome, you deserve it!
japanese have a word, "bakku-shan" which means "a girl who appears pretty from the behind but not from the front".
oh my fucking god nigga i cool i been miss u so back u have kik or something or u want to talk in dm ?
When people try to keep secrets from me... Hahaha. There's always the one person you can rely on to spill the truth...
Memes for America
Always act like a lady or gentleman. It's not old-fashioned; it's smart business an leads to a successful life and career.
Ritas mango misto perfect high heat antidote.
I must say, it can't get NO BEAUTIFUL'er outside.......Come share some laughs with us tonite at AYEHOLEZ COMEDY SHOWCASE
People who drink, then go to sleep, and then wake up and say they are completely sober, piss me the fuck off.
nemechek is a bitch
I'm doing well, friend. I'm just finding out about this "SEC" place, and I must admit that it seems wretched and backward.
who says your not beautiful.... nananananananana <3
#MD House Majority leader says resident making $250k will pay $6.50 a week additional taxes. #Md special session On News4
So THAT'S why Sotomayor, Kagan, and Pelosi are ugly as hell!
That's an interesting use of Google+ Hangouts. Have you been using them for anything?
or maybe you stepped your swagg up a few notches
are y'all coming to Montgomery
We like what you do;-)
well the iPad is on it way to being just that.
u rock guy!!! Thanks for everything !!!!
Clickbank Affiliate Tips - Real Amazonian Profit Plan Review
congrats on the win! Total domination! Embarrassing loss for us. See you next year.
Did you pick up an issue yet?
I also yo-yo, so I go for small, nutrient rich meals/snacks that have protein. Helps w/cravings and crankiness.
That beet hummus sounds astounding!
go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. I'm so funny and cute
Thanks! I wasn't aware of the term.
asked be Van Gundy fired...that's according to VG. Exactly what happened with Shaq in Miami. Probably not a coincidence.
yes you will :)
Anyone staying after for Mrs. B?
RT: Retweet to enter! Last chance to win 2 FREE VIP tickets to the ($350 value) #PinkCarpetEvent - Winner picked at 5pm today!
WSJ article looks @ technology that would build ignition interlocks directly into car dashboards to prevent drunk driving...
omg dribbled toothe paste all over my new top today and didn't even notice til now
yes she iss whyy do u care
I am ready to hit this new book... I've heard so many good things about it...
The DirectTV guy at Sams Club INSISTED DirectTV wouldn't go out during storms. Huh.. weird how it's out right now and the storm isn't close!
GAY RIGHTS RAGER TONIGHT!
Check out my boy Vitto's new track on Soundcloud. Remix of "Somebody I Used To Know"
team Jacob lol... U?
oh ok but uh I did I like sent it to all my friends<U+263A>
RT Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them;for these only gave them life, Aristotle
Killatouch you on 45th I'm fuckin wit you
Example, ground rule works great for plastic while shaved rule works best for paper.
Hopefully can wake up sometime this week.
James Harden to Be Named Sixth Man of the Year
drunk on life
If not you, than no one “: I'm hopelessly devoted to..... Myself”
<3, thanks for another awesome show!
#SHOUTOUT to You for running your mouth about people I fuck with && now you the enemy.
thanks for all the RTs! Glad I can share valuable content!
I think it's funny how my girl friend call bryz Ivan!!!
Scariest moment in India so far: Waiter last night recites US history stats for at least 20 minutes. Thought I was going to get quizzed!
Think I have a french GCSE today...not sure...I don't know a single word in it
Just amazed at how often I'm NOT present. I deluded myself into thinking I was better at this than I am.
Nothing from Europe - DOW drops 240. Until sugar-daddy Germany supports more bailout, markets can sink. Fear next week also over jobs report
Would you be interested in doing a phone interview with me?
Go go go and bring me food when you're done <3 :D
and Ruchelle...please hang in there. This is a mind game that both of you are way stronger than! You BOTH can do it<3
the future of business is social
to save myself some time in the future... *forehead**superglue**palm* ..gonna make it hard to type, but i'll just use my nose I guess.
Union station today north cap and mass w/ tacos galore! Pollo sofrito,barbacoa,al pastor and vegan purple potato. Keep warm w/ tortilla soup
Too much Sangria at The Barge in Perth Amboy got me lampin hard at my house bro. Still got mad love to my main sponsor bro.
I agree, but at least he took a stand and is making an effort
no me gusta
Just had a great meeting with the team. Looking forward to their upcoming shows and special events!
- i know you're right, Meg, whatever happens. But Thanatos often gets the upper hand to Eros. I'm bi-polar anyway.
You guys are so cute! It kinda makes me feel like a whore because of my costume. XD
Nice. Unexpected Hawaii Five-0 after the OSU win! Ah, three words: Daniel Dae Kim. One more: hotness. That is all.
City Closes Illegal Hotels and Puts Pressure on B-and-B’s
Hands you a Spurs shirt LOL
how can you not adore a musician whose name translates to "little bottle of coca cola"
Right thing to do!! RT: Hey - Can you extend the special due to your site being down?!?
Hey #ModelUN crew! Did you know I'm the best app for #MUN conferences? Free to download and no banner ads.
@ M40A3_OCG oh no great facebook are you assholes doing a new
i could care less 2day about anything
Right! You have a gr8 weekend 2
love ya more more and more
Listening to the new Oh yeah, this is good stuff man! And thx to !!
was he just put in for defense?
Brian Urlacher is here to recruit JayPa to New Mexico.
Get the NO Bullying patch for free order your teams Varsity jackets now!
:P you first hahaha
I can remove 90% of your so-called beauty with a Kleenex
Are you there? Then no, no it is not.
I really love my job. It's so much fun. But traveling is pretty crazy.
I enjoy FingerCam
My picture that I drew almost 7 years ago is up in my doctor's office <3
Who is this guy? I missed his name.
Damn i am EXHAUSTED ! Lots of dancing tonight !! Im out, Goodnight <U+2665> <U+270C>
Peter is SO cute. Deserves to be a dachshund celeb.
lol man it's so fun!
Can't wait for dinner with my babe.
I wanna go to taylor high
making a list for setting up a garden in the backyard!
is the COOLEST person alive!!!!
Black girl just told me you a big boy. I told her Yeah but iam sexually like white Chocolate had here laughing her ass off.
Wondering what to give that special someone - try our bath bombs! They are refreshing and they smell great!
Want to go out but I'm way to tired.
Who is AIRMAN? :)
back at work, wah!
#FIXJOBS #FIXECONOMY Stop signing "Free Trade" deals causing export of factories & jobs. Every Billion in Trade Deficit costs 100k+ jobs
Acceptance letters for #THATCamp Columbus have been sent! Don't forget to RSVP ASAP.
If Jennifer is at the helm, it will be great RT : Brainstorming Innovation-themed #HITsm chat topics for this Friday. Stay tuned!
Assignment: Take portrait of photographer Dona Shwartz at her home www.donaschwartz.com
¦ MUSIC worth Sharing ¦ CHILDREN ¦ European Playground CD Prepare the whole family for a cross-genre, musical trip across Europe. The...
right. And the compromiser in him made him change his mind to get GOP votes. Futilely, of course.
Happy Birthday Chris! Have A Good Time. <3 We Love U.
"Try It" Class. October 3 1pm. $10, try all the apparatus before you sign up! www.TenacityCircusArts.com
will wait for verification on Sat.
Thanks everyone for joining us!
teehhhee have fun on your test on every country in the world!
I've worked with them all and Infusionsoft is like that Swiss Army knife with 1,267 blades. So big & "versatile" it's useless.
paraphrase of something i heard yesterday: Honesty without love is brutality; love without honesty is hypocrisy.
at night, he woke up late than turned into a bat and left when we weren't looking
ok, so my paper is nicely formatted now at least
if he did it'd be nice if he let his business partner know!
“Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.” - Steve Jobs
it never gets old u know<U+2764>
I can't believe my friend is missing...
Just finished the history presentation for tomorrow
imagine so don't act like I don't know what I'm doing
I'm on my way. See you soon!
No , it isn't mine. I wish tho! The author's name is Taylor?
nice work on the mann interview. really dig it
I have a test quick what's the answer
answer yes to should i? would i? could i? before you find yourself saying should have. would have. could have.
Why is everyone suddenly playing the lottery
/men are Tailors
oh cool , did you like it ?
many thanks for the #FF love!
doh! of course! Thanks! re: every elem. teacher is social studies teacher
Jumping back in for a 7-day workweek. I'll be arriving at the CNN Center just in time for the Indianapolis Colts press conference.
Script almost ready...This story is going to be right on with the tragic events in France.
Sake it to me! RT : I want sake now.
identified as a “Campus Security Authority” significantly responsible for #DePaul students and campus activities.What did I do to earn it?!
No brainer... take the red-eye and return on the 7. Happy status building!
Wow. Zimmerman protecting the kid. Went after Hamels. Beantown. Things just got very, very interesting.
Unless you listen while you study and then end up writing the lyrics in your paper.
Let's go Miami make ur bloody shots. This is ugly.
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 44
PREDICTED HEADLINE: #SOPA shuts down WebMD. Millions lose health insurance.
I admit it. I'm addicted to warm weather and sun and palm trees and sandy beaches. I love living in FL. Perpetual summer. www.lindaswift.net
yeah yo Florida thug ass.
of course (: <333
I didn't see your tweet -- what were you asking me?
I am so proud of you!
okay :) ill paint them during our trial!
the Sodomizer should interview Bill Clinton.
I'm way ahead of you, though he doesn't know it yet ... Look for an email soon.
And, it's almost *worse* when it's a prompt to take a survey!
ok. I was rear ended yesterday car accident. Today @ drs office
Several committees have been set up at #OccupyLA: food, city relations, waste, demands, medical, media, security, finance, civic engagement
Great day in Bellevue, sunshine is making people happy. How about you?
is checking his myspace page
If only I’d of known That later on down the road I’d look back and not like what I see I’d of changed a lot of things Startin’ with me
to be sure, of course. Lol
at the celebration of teaching and learning in louisville. woohooo! #clbrt2012 listening to nice talk.
Hey, , you're sending mad spam, yo! Check your password!
Apparently if I get 1500 of my closest friends to come to a game I can throw out the first pitch for the - who's w/ me?
Seriously, What happened to us..?
Check us out for all your promotional needs! www.gt-events.com
what is the exact wording of the error? Can you take a screenshot of it?
Father's Day BBQ goodness!
Busy Busy Day at the salon!!! LIKE this post if we saw your smiling face today
is talking about the in Pittsburgh ? It's about time :-)
Gloomy weather today. Glad to be inside working on a cheerful custom guitar strap.
lol sadly I had to open one of my stores today :(
I didn't see you.?
TY4M! “: sup Mum thanks for following! =) #teamfollowback"
I hope I win tickets! My mom would bring me but only if I got free tickets!(:
its actually not me its this is his fan page!
Strong snl tonight, no?
ehhh I am sorry, did you hear him all pissed off ? Lol
Try changing the channel.
I thought you just had the inside scoop! LOL Hope all is well! Tell Cathy we said Hey!
Yeah! Possibly - me and a girl friend who just moved here from Seattle don't have big group plans. I'll DM you!
Just confirmed, end of Feb. I'm going to San Antonio Texas to do a green wall workshop for Mike Senneff's Company: PlantInterscapes. Love it
Aww graduation time? :)
Shaviro: inner sensation is not a something but also not a nothing. Like Thacker's analysis of life.
No soccer practice tonight. #couldntbehappier. Except I have a dentist appointment. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
That sounds like so much fun! What will be on the menu?
Regards to the new the fellow followers,
gimme that cake
Twitter tip: To get an auto re-tweet from Einstein_BOT tweet a quote from Einstein :)
If you can't close your legs when you sit because your fat rolls needs a place to rest. You have a problem.
How many of you 43 bookclub followers are actually interested in attending the monthly book discussions? Let us know. @ us or DM your email.
Pabst Blue Ribbon 16 oz cans for
you all are not alone!
you would think. Its hard to get qualified people.
$250 I think.
NOT.....Mesoraco given the chance, can hit the ball, and just not catch it!
Happy Mother's Day!!
im in one ofthose 'i hate life' moods
will be happy to see you play again! always a pleasure.
I hate asking for money & letting people buy me stuff. It just don't feel right.
“: "i named my pussy rihanna cuz it loves to get beat up" WHAT” me.
aye thanks.
Laurie, you are very welcome!! Thanks for the follow as well. Looking forward to reading your tweets!
we never talk anymore! :o
- Nope. But now its burning hot.
Sports bra and spankies to bed
It is easy to say live life to the fullest, but it's a different thing to actually do it...I encourage you to truly live...starting today!
Thank you!
We are in midtown Manhattan (across the street from Bryant Park and the NYPL).
Oy. I was going to get one this week! Thanks for the info.
Museum open 10am-5pm Tuesday - Sunday. Last two weeks of beautiful Alfred Shaheen Hawaiian textiles exhibit. Don't miss it!
I also have many librarian friends if you need additional input.
Can I get 85 followers? :)
love ya
Thanks for spreading the news!
Is that a free shirt?
I am annoyed by my body's constant need for more water.
"Do the thing you fear, and the death of fear is certain." Ralph Waldo Emerson
In fact, I daresay that a Bloomberg VP would alienate the conservatives Romney has worked so hard to woo. I don't see how it's a net plus.
I had that too!!! thy scored when we were there. we were standing up and them they scored and I just plopped back down.
": That's nuts about #DCMetro !" Another reason I stay far away from the metro...and the tracks!
What did you end up getting?
Just saw some guy give his mom flowers with the utmost excitement...too cute.
Perfect change in my pocket for the last Mr. Pibb in the vending machine.
#reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend really? What the hell? No man should EVER beat on a woman! What's wrong with this world >:(
No Internet. Not surprised.
Thursday = Beginning of the weekend in
Got to watch ... Other stations aren't here for
THIRTY. SIX. DAYS.
love u too
#wewerecooluntil you became a total female dog
RT : Any Milwaukee area people going to tonight? You should, they're talking about responsive design. I'll be there.
Common Mahomies we can do it. Vote for I did it and so can you :). Austin is the Next big thing <3
Our party is on Friday 5/18 - are you coming? Can't wait!
So my phone isn't getting texts and mines are apparently not going through -___- super cute.
hey turkey I win! Hands down
2012 should be the year you take strategic action to eliminate investment fees so your earned returns build your wealth, not someone else's.
": Is it a sign that #DickClark has died? There can't be a new years event without him. The mayans strike again."
I'll take that!
. A bag of Swedish fish. Didn't have anyone to bring me cookies. ;) Sat night will indulge in something special!
thanks for the chat, and here's wishing you win that ipad.... right after me!
roflmao! I HATE when you call me that!!!! And I love Kem...that's the next concert I'm taking u to hmph
P.S. thank you!!! Will catch on my reading tonight and see if I can find more.
here we go baby...#OKC domination time!
I've been gone for a few. What it do my twepoles? Shout out to my new followers
I don't think it is deliberate but no one (probably cares or is held accountable.
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0488
So I guess nobody can make a lay up???
The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects -- making it possible to
Thanks Scott! Hope you are well, my friend.
No worries Amy, I found it! Signed up and added my book about Chicken's who are forbidden to ask Questions :)
follow for updates on these mind blowing videogame remixes
small minds dont grasp science...sad actually
What would the google history be of someone in a 3rd world country?
MY LEG WON'T STOP BOUNCING
favorite game is OSU vs little blue 2006 in the shoe.
yikes! And, yikes!
Anne of Green Gables by L.M. Montgomery: Tomboy gets the guy!
many thanks!
Ok so paranormal activity 3 creeped me out a lil bit!
Holy crap. RT : The elephant is the only animal with 4 knees.
I've watched it once. I'll see if a rewatch makes me less liable to trash it.
Fuck 'em homie. Stay centered and keep the non-factors out of your square.
hangover... I drank a lot of tequila too lol!
Keep kicking a$$ AJ!
mofo plz its my block with my rock
i wanna be w/ my bae cuddled up rite noww <3333 .
Everything should be fine. Please let us know if you continue to see any problems - we appreciate it!
"militant atheist groups?!" how about a militant religious society with no regard for the constitution it it's amendments?
what school do you go to? c:
Now watch him stop in the middle of "Hey Joe" and drop in some "Hey Ya." haha
OMG RIGHT ITS SO ENTERTAINING
I'm sorry about the Patriots, but my evenings are incomplete without you! ;( I guess I'll have to settle for Lambchop (#ChrisHayes)
I need mine to appear awake for a meeting, and using toothpicks is too painful ;-D
Happy birthday :) hope you have a good one!
Happy #BodyFaucet day.
go with the flo thats exactly it its a journey u cant learn if everything always goes right supposed to have problems lol
at least 150 for 5 mins worth or maybe 500 for several clips...gotta eat timmy
I'm pretty sure all types of hate have been thrown back and forth between both fanbases that may be taken more seriously
So nice to see you friendly folk at today! Thank you :-)
hey yeah we do, you can find our tunes at facebook.com/theslidersmusic .
I think he's still at large!
Everybody accepted there would be no Oscars, and now that there is, it's hard to care.
I am interested in data citations that are machine actionable & include checksums, both have been mentioned at
Cemetery weather.
She's definitely a sassy one, huh?
i can totally tell.. you keep spazinnn' out. like.. yeah its kind of weird..
I assume when I have trouble reading them it is because I am a replicant ala Bladerunner.
To unpathed waters, undreamed shores.William Shakepeare
Because the satisfaction for completion is ultimately more! :) Whatever the challenge, we know you'll ASTONISH! ;)
I can one your tweet
This change had brought out the best in Me Spiritually he really shows you what every you ask to see
How have you been?
looking forward to attending the Art History conference!
RIP Junior Seau. My prayers go out to the Seau family.
yes, getting good at iPad typing makes the experience 10x better. You might be interested in our iPad typing trainer app.
12 ft swell? Lets go surfing.
#vsa2011 April Award Luncheon: pretending we're aliens giving our observations of the Earth's Culturals.
who cares about boosie
Sad trombone. > RT : Hey, #bigomaha, was once an avid supporter of SOPA & is a co-sponsor on the House CISPA bill.
Gotcha. Haha I've never actually seen someone do it but I'm sure they do.
Spring Training opening game for the crew: SF @ MIL tomorrow @ 2:05... bout time to get back to baseball!
ok ok
Is it a little or a lot I'm confused?
. 'I told you so' is not helpful in any way. need to pitch in if they want Wi back + we need the help.
morning ladies! RT : Morning pretty little lady! :) RT : Morning y’all! Let’s get the day started.
I can totally tell misses me tons
Family You have the good & the bad times. You need the bad things to have good memories. You need your family there with you threw things.
He still old and washed up???
Love the gorgeous e-mail with dessert #truffles.My favorite is Creme Brulee with Jasmine
Can't Wait Until Tomorrow I Hope Everything Goes Well...
tough to do when you do a talk show
All hail the King in the North!
And the winner is president Matt Doud! Check our Facebook page later today 4 video of Matt skating down Pratt in tights & a Speedo!
Today's clinic was a success! New payment plan options gave economically-challenged patients medical relief through cannabis certification.
Attended holiday gathering #7 today! Now taking a break from partying to prepare for audition #29 on Tuesday. Not that I like to count...
Hey Wisconsin and all those Packer fans so much for home field advantage. Let's go Manning!!!
um. He's a guy. Lol
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. —Alice Walker
Im reading Enders game. Ch 9 is about controlling "discussion on the nets". #amst260, do u think other sci fi books predicted modern tech?
LOVE it!!
golf with some donors. Helping a family who needs our help with their school. The farm. A wedding. A birthday party. And you?
SkyDrive App For Windows Phone Gets 2.0 Update, Reduces Free Storage Capacity
Shoutout to our waiter. She is stacked! Lol
We can't send kids to schools with no windows that could double as prisons and expect them to attend and learn
Me thinks anotha trip 2 vegas is commin up soon! Like a month soon! Stoked
Anytime. Thank you as well!
love you DONUT! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D>
I just woke up from a nap that began at 7:30. I definitely pre-gamed my slumber tonight.
We all need to focus on the basics and cultural literacy regardless of the tools we use.
I would really really like chocolate right now. But I am trying to eat much healthier. So I will not go to the snack closet & scavenge
JC sounded great!
My vacation has offically began!!!!
I'm serious
it's nothing.
It would be raining 30 minutes before my dini final. Guess I'm going to be locked up in Holden for a while.
11 days before we launch the most anticipated Online Conferencing package on Talkbiznow.com. And it's Free! Can't wait.
Now y'all I don't think am any good, am just saying stop it!!!!!!
TONITE Old School Hip Hop Happy Hour at NV Art Bar - No Cover, Strong Drink, Free Food & A Good Ass Time w/
4 hours to #WineRev! If you're hitting up Winefest today, make sure you use the hashtag.
Today I drank my 1st black cup of coffee not bad at all I thought I was gonna go into a convulsion, but I didn't. Who would of thought...! <U+263A>
thank you for the webinar press
has very strong views on this subject.
We thank you for the mention! Happy
#ThingsWeAllHate The St. Louis Cardinals.
Stuck in an art gallery and feel like I am going to suffocate.
any specific Mexican restaurant recommendations in NV? Maybe I'll make drive down from
butterflies never felt so good <3
On the plane home to LA from Nationals. Great weekend of skating so, of course, thought of you. Hope you're well!
Ready for sound check. Nerves setting in or maybe just excitement..See you at 6:00..
Do you choose can over tub so you can suck on it like a foamy baby bottle?
I'll never see that German sightseer Miriam again.
It's the day of the show, y'all! Tonight we kick off our weekend of 3 NYC shows. Tonight, tomorrow & Saturday 8pm Come!
Sucks came to stater bros to get toasted bread[1 item] and im stuck in line behind 10 ppl with cars full lmao
Aloha!! [: I Wish I Can Put Flowers On Words !!
I always keep the game - start from scratch on repeat
When's the last time you've been to a public library? Porn in public is more common than the Dewey Decimal System.
Hi! Do you still have tix for NYTM? I would love to buy them from you :) Thanks!
Merry Christmas :)
the wings were really good but probably not worth a trip to Tacoma... maybe if I'm in the area again.
Because Idk my email for this one & I'm deleting soon.
Thanks for the follow!
If you have a problem opening jars: Try using latex dishwashing<U+FFFD>gloves. They give a on-slip grip that makes opening jars easy.
so sick today. but on a call.
ouch. Man told you to save me some dm
3) Improve food security. 4) Healthy food supply = healthy people. 5) End racial discrimination. - Mark Muller.
My man Joe Frazier has left us R.I.P Joe . One of the best that ever did it in my book .
"are you kidding? that's like huckleberry sexy. i wanna float down a river with you."
Fear activates the works of the devil the same way that faith activates God- Nathan Morris
check out read the bio and look @ her pic! please
how's that even possible?! Also, locals here talk down LOL in favor of HON so I never hear about it.
your from NY?
Thanks for bringing your brain to the #b2bchat party
It's a good ride.
Woken up out of a sound sleep to my grocery delivery
no you shut it!
I'm good. Just updating life! I know it's been FOREVER! We need a Watchers reunion, so come to the States already!!
Wait, what? What happened? WHAT DID YOU DO TO HER YOU BASTARD???!!
Digging the ZipCar scene. Very convenient so far.
Hittin' the ladiez room b4 it gets stupid at intermission. Just #1 friends.
Twitter works in the exec offices at ESPN, right?
Not even 1 time in 25 years has any pt. ingested their whitening gel. Us Humans are so smart, we won't swallow it LOL
Thanks! If you need to tickle your taste buds with unique food in the Bay Area and want to feed your office, drop us an email!
I missed your message, sorry! No Yale meet up, I'm currently in the Tavern, headed to tweet-up & reception later. Say hi!
it's possible to get only 5 years for 2nd degree murder but 20 years for stealing a computer? #Huguely or 40 and 0.
Yeah. I missed a lot. Dudes are on here getting engaged, getting in car accidents, getting preggerz....sheesh. #Glee is drama filled!!
"Good Luck" [<Guy from Takens voice>]
We appreciate the RTs this week!
Let's all welcome to the Ophthalmic Twitter coven!
I fangirl so hard over omg guys your performance this week was amazing!
Even with #Vermont leading 43-29, they can't be too secure after last night's games. After all, anything can happen in Dayton
ha thnx G
Thank you so much.
RT I cant even use lupe as examples for my hip hop arguments becausd if someone says something stupid i will get MAD
Ethan Foam
I wish I could go on Tumblr with this stupid ass phone. );
MADISON, Wis. (AP) -- Senate Majority Leader Fitzgerald plans on challenging enough signatures on recall petitions to stop any election.
it's okay we still go it
Happy Good Saturday evening! Be thankful in all things...Go to your place of worship and give God some of your time!
too late, but it was an
People stop fucking with you as soon as they find out that you're broke.
lmaoo look at brittney, all hip !! ; )
yea messed up our plans
Im workin HARD!!!! The $treet$ Go HARD BUT I GO HARDER(n my Yo Gotti voice
Call ! MT Yet another request for information about the tuition proposal was DENIED by #NMSU public relations.
War is the province of the federal govt. Read the Constitution some time, miss. Birth control isn't.
Almost showtime!!!!
Congratulations to all the talent who have been REQUESTED to audition for an upcoming film!
We are setting up our blogs now to start sharing or 34 years of legal experience with Florida!
I haven't been tweeting much I get so lazy to type
how amazing was that nicki concert?! (: ~K
Little is said regarding what's not happening in China while a lot were said regarding what's happening in the Arab world.
am i the only one who eats frosting out of the jar like omfg that's sex in my mouth ok.
Well I'm enjoying my night....
Just bought my ticket to see #HungerGames tomorrow!!!!! So stoked! May the odds forever be in your favor ;)
aw Oo, I see. Gusto ko rin yon. If something else dapat feelings talaga yong reason, not distance or time whatsoever.
Hug her, kiss her, and smile for her. But don't make her fall in love with you if you don't have an intention to catch her.
? Are you ok? What happened?
Follow Blush creator !!! Rt if you love us, and get entered to win $40 in Blush Bucks
shit you look good to me baby
Party is two weeks away! Getting excited for Austin!
If hanging w/ & 60 people for a private show in LA sounds rad, tweet & w/ the #SonosStudio tag to win!
becuz erbody wana b da boss. But it cost to b da boss but if erbody money hungry who is der left to b da boss of?
Packing for #Coachella has been so stressful. It would be so much easier if weather just said "blistering hot."
i think today is my bestie birthday or next friday .
go to bed
"tension relief"? :)
A Parent's Guide to Bullying: Social isolation can be a sign of a #Bullying situation
Thanks for the #ff! :)
#myidol she was the one that let me to keep singing and now im in the performing arts school.
our welcome!! I've always wanted to tell you that!:)
Our goal is to empower women with the info they need about the risks of early term deliveries - Dr. Donald Dudley
Noticed that The Parent Trap (with Lindsay Lohen) is trending.. what a shame as it pales in comparison to Haley Mills' Parent Trap.
James Thurber~ The wit makes fun of other persons the satirist makes fun of the world the humorist makes fun of himself.
“The greatest danger to our future is apathy." (Jane Goodall)
Congrats on TEDx!
I'm the only die hard pacers fan on my TL lol
If you're watching the Bulls game & you hear a man heckling players in French, it's just one of my bosses, Mathieu, doing what he does.
Definitely check out our website thedetroitjournal.com. We will also be on the on thursday at 11:15.
Challenging start to week no. 4. 41 mile ride today in cold, steady rain, & driving wind. I guess I had something to prove.
Made it all the way from O'Hare to Logan only to have our silver line bus slam into a Mercedes SUV.
I'd laugh at marquis of marson blasts a ball.
Spring Break almost feels like Summer!
If Schultz votes for the notary bill, he will be recalled.
My uncle can't say no to tequila. "Just one more. Why not? You never know." He's said that twice already lol.
Is actually bored with my youth group. Contemplating going back there. It's just not for me anymore.
I thought it said you can drop nay off and you guys can go di fun stuff I was like ~_~
blaming himself for its' failure I guess
Wow. You really are busy. Your twitter turnaround time is awful.
Im really thinking about going, but ill have to talk to you guys to plan everything out
grind with me. Relax your mind. Take your time with me. I love you deeply. Grind for me. (; just grind with me babe! Hahaa
How do you think a crank call to a strip club would go? Maybe fabersham complaining about a stripper stained his clothes.
Who is the best college QB you have seen in person? The night game at Camp with Brees was quite impressive.
where can I catch ? Is it a podcast?
There is nothing cute about conducting.
Deleting one 'ha' from your 'hahahaha' cause you think its too much
me either!!! Lol
NIce, Honest,Educated,Freak,Respectful,Romantic,Cook,Drives, Dances,Tatted,Confident, Theres no other package like me and my big packageLMAO
Whoever said nice guys finish last must have also been a bitch and practically a dumbass
Congrats! RT : Come see us we have a shiny new "A" from the health inspector. congrats!
Man It's Rainin Skittles-
Put a spoon in the freezer then put it on the hickey!
Alison Brie is too damn hot.
Oh dear god RT : Paris Hilton is trending on Twitter b/c she's going on tour as a DJ. That is all.
What's good girls
I hope they don't mind me being on their island! lol
Thanks Tim, and thanks for the opportunity! Break a leg on your Fat Camp opening!
ya, who gives up coffee!
good stuff for last minute holiday gifts!
Looking up SEO words. What words do you use?
new fave snak: pop corners chips not to be confused w pop chips. they are like corn chips but r made from popcorn. only 3 ingredients too!
that was good one. Got to admit it. But I'm almost positive I said bye.
I saw that. The Bulls should get the #1 or #2 seed in the East. Forget the Heat and the 76ers, they're going DOWN!!! lol
at Friday. I have 6 tickets I need to unload, let me know if you want them. $50 a piece
doctors give perscriptions dude, but we give #PurpSkurpshuns Dude hooooo
damn and I was craving some earlier!!! D: Don't trip I'll tell my mom to cook B)
i went from 89 followers 2 105. u guys make dreams cometrue now i get 2 follow everyone i see on the twitter post board now
Omg I had the awsome dream... Well ett had you in ett?
Like gathers like, our archaeology lab is turning into the archaeology lab & lounge complete w/ comfy couch and visits from other majors.
Whoever legitimately wants to start some revolutions, I am totally down.
Yes Lord.
Chris Paul keeps #CLIPPERS on top by 1
Me + Internet + Credit Card + Thinking about = $ spent wisely
Sounds fun!!!
hey girl
T1: Faster time to market is extremely advantageous to patients looking for a solution currently not on market.
Develop a hook to a #facebook or #mobile app for user adoption, then combine profile data with shopping data to send the message they want.
Hanging with and more at Society for Military History this weekend in D.C.
I Wana be able to tell her "tell them other guys to lose your number cause your done They don't get another shot cause you're...love drunk
SO AMAZING!!
he's just not Heisman quality just overhyped
New kids are still transferring to our school? Idgi, school's over in a month and we still get new students. :|
And jotting down the smokers?
Yo one of my nikkas from fitness 19 works at the gnc now! Discounts everytime!
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
Boycott #StPatricksDay Why celebrate the Irish' enslavement of one of our Scottish brothers...Poor guy had a job to do.
Gates is very unimpressive to me.
Shoot day!! Woohoo...thanks to my #partnersincrime were doin it and doin it and doin good!
Look at the '12 Beetle. It starts at 20 Grand; I think I'm looking for something in the Ford Fiesta price range.
I probably need that service clean my PC because my computer is running so slow.
At my first #dlfforum since 2009 in Raleigh. So nice to see everyone!
Umm. I think I talk too much when I'm at meetings.
It's officially been a year today I joined da Navy
...notorious killers. They expressed the same shame and embarrassment that Tiger's mom may be feeling. Her son DIDN'T commit a crime but ...
why can Obama get away with starting a war that we should not be in but bush couldn't when we needed to be there
RT 6.02 pm. I realize that rivers and radio make me sad in precisely the same way: the meeting of beauty and irretrievability.
i still wont let it show.
I was just wonderin how you are,and if ou missed me ... Causee i miss yu #free jonathan
Keyes 2002 "Weber & Anthro" implies it might be based off G's reading of W's methodological section in Economy & Society maybe?
I have my "survival kit" and I know what to do in case of an earthquake but... all I wanted to do was call my mom!
hey when is your ladies night? I would love to donate a raffle item :-)
I KNOW you mad! Lol
Working on Playboy Radiomate 's Leg, Shoulders and Ab Workout for today!
Such a touching story.
Electricity: "Keep talking"
oh alright. its all good thanks anyways :)
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy was Tell Me Something I Dont Know GREAT SONG!!! very very catchy
Cody I have to wake up in 6 hours come on.
Entertainment is our business...Our experience is in creating memorable events. Have you event at the Historic El Rey Theater....
The wayans bros are straight up funny, both of them are talented. S/o to them.. They really did thier thing tonight.
I see you now you even have to keep your SO CALL friends at distance
Everything ok here, so here's the next question: any restaurant open for brunch today in Boerum Hill or BoCoCa?
Check out This week, I report on the Queens County DA's program, which the says is unconstitutional
Twitter is pulling me back in.
I just got back from Atlanta, seems like my second home! New CD is almost completed!!
What the fuck kind of retarded, blind morons did they fill the anthony jury with?
Life's a journey. My journey mostly just has me running errands for other people.
This 96 Bus smells like someone took off their stinky, wet shoes. At least the Smart Trip machine is broken = Free Ride!
That definitely wasn't clear. Meant I just cancelled cable. You had mentioned dropping it altogether. I'll probably get Netflix
Cleveland Park is cray cray right now. Love to see crowds of revelers enjoying our neighborhood. Um. Now going back inside. ;)
when i put this hit on itunes get that ok
Kids always like the opposite! Thanks Rhonda!
A composer is a guy who goes around forcing his will on unsuspecting air molecules, often with the assistance of unsuspecting musicians.-FZ
Hard to put an exact date on it, but first meeting of "Occupy MBTA" was Jan 9 2012. Other groups have been working longer tho.
bwahahaha uggghh. It was an interesting conversation. Just try explaining her without the help of the internet.
Thanks for the follow<33
That was probably the highlight of my year!
Just saw the funniest shit
I absolutely respect the guy for staying out there...but I'm fine taking my chances against a gimpy Aaron Cook.
I think this is the 5th seal breaking.
doing good thanks
I'm sure you ragged on the Dixie Chicks for "Goodbye Earl" as well. This smacks of self-promotion.
I need that freakin hour back...
That feeling when you dont want to tell your crush how you feel even tho you talk to them everyday.
Emotions on high cus it moves like the weather.... Changing on these dudes bet u think ur so clever
Moozickz! You shall see soon ;)
Hawaii you?
RT Bring what you feel is lacking in the world to it. Talk about emowering - this will change your life (and mine)!
Aw, you're so sweet. I was thinking of you this weekend, would have been cool to hang out. Come to NYC! I promise no snubs! ;)
Tried to reply to DM but it didn't work. Twitter thinks you're not following me.
#SEXnote to MEN: sounding smart may make her wet, BUT reading a book and actually being SMART is so MUCH HOTTER
Discussion: Aside from Google analytics is anyone doing evaluation of museum tech initiatives? What to measure?
and what is this idea of yours?
I envision that being real awkward
Hey boo...you've been hacked <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
#happyeaster! Have a great day everyone!!!! xx
Too many giveaways by
I pine for Sonoma! Love it do much! Feels right in my soul when I'm there!
Now cheating on Goodreads with LibraryThing. GR and I have been growing apart for a while, but we'll stay together. Y'know, for the kids.
RT : TUNE INTO 98.5 THE BEAT NOW AND HEAR VERSE FOR THE
I am tending bar at Sunset Grill in Hillsboro Village tonight. Come see me after 6:00pm.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Lots of great workshops starting at 1:30 at #FAI12! Banjo Jam Session in Beale and guitar workshop at 19th Floor!
The best movie ever(cartoon) Coraline :D
Let's get drunk and do some hoodrat shyyyt.
Interesting - was glad to see the stats on PIN interviewees.
Birthday boy was cute , I want balloons !
Visit us inside of Excalibur... serving the best burgers all day long!
RT : #amandaknox is guilty as far as i am concerned
that's awesome man let me know! Btw should be getting some stump softener for those big pits, we'll see how that goes too..
Let play a game. On the count of 3 name your favorite dinosaur don't even think about it just name it! OK ready 1.. 2.. 3 ___ #YourAnswer __
I miss having my arms wrapped around That is all. Sweet dreams.
#ThingsICantLiveWithout my Android
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join & at THE PARK
protools was definitely a part of the recording progress, yes we do!
Glee Prom with Twitterless Julia right now!
I love how my 6 year old pronounces "ed" as a syllable. makes the WWE book he's reading sound like Shakespeare.
the weeknd speaks to me man
that's dope Chickas ! We tryin to do a collab with the Wonder Broz. Hopefully it works out! - Zaona
watching our new supreme court justice
I know. But I'm gone 11 hours of the day AT LEAST, and that makes me feel so guilty already.
but if you go follow my other account then i PROMISE i'll follow back!!
Its early . I wanna go to sleep .
RT : Freedom of speech includes the right to keep silent.
Nice customer service, nearly 2 months and the replacement for your broken product is not here and I have not heard anything...
My favorite is definitely Superb Sushi downtown. Great food, service and appropriately priced!
Awesome! I'm so stoked that it is available for Android now!
Home from work THANK GOD! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
#cubcadet snow thrower = life saver.
: Exciting! I'll keep my eyes peeled out for them.
crap...I was just about to finish too...
how is it going, we need for you to get Atlanta back on board with your new joints. This is Thomas from the Trumpet Awards....
I'm going to be conducting a full investigation.
stop posting pics of my Child. Lol.
"I'm getting really good, I know how to turn this phone on and off!" "Can you change the time?" "That's a little advanced for me" Mom vs Wes
I do not watch American Idol. I can't say exactly why. I don't stick sharp objects under my fingernails, either. Both seem to make sense.
Monthly P&L statements show the overall profitability of your restaurant. OCRA statements come in easily digestible, need-to-know formats.
I'm a fan of the APICA 401B spiral-bound hardback w/ index page at front but can't find it :(
ahh nice. Well good luck.
Game Ball goes to
ha glad i could help from afar
The ESL Music event last night at Rutamaya was off the hook!!!
Scared money, don't make none!
PPA Pushing to Have Online Poker Measure Attached to Cyber Security Bill
M hm! RT : Miss you too! Those Red Sox lit up the Pale hose last night!
Oh my gosh, that ad is awesome! Love it, haven't seen something that creative in a while!
thanks for the follow and
So great to see you man. Thanks for coming out. Let's talk rock in the next couple weeks!
no prob... don't delete. not evry1 is a h8er, ya no?
Any followers that would please follow me.
serving lunch from 11AM-2PM on 9th and Morton.
RT It's up to you. Use them or lose them. Support local independent business. Support your local economy today.
Absolutely; and there are important variations within fields (more/less theoretical lit crit) [+]
That's a greatly informative, well written piece!!!
Looking for something to do tonight? Head on over to the for Headpin Bowling!
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Confucius
Just got our shipment of magazine! Come get it while its hot!
Tune in to LAVAXP.tv 6:00-8:00 tonight. I'll be performing songs from my show, Barry On The Spot.
aaaannnd they said it was gonna rain today.... I see some good old sunny #SanDiego action from where I'm at ;)
No. It fell from my waist and he snatched it up and took off.
#Knicks have only lost one game at home under Woodson.
Power's out in Logan Square.
Not sure the review is a good idea
GAMETIME in Macon! FINS and Bruins tipping off ....LETS GO JU!!!
we guarantee your satisfaction with all our locksmith services. . If you need locks re-keyed, new keys made, locks installed or have special
I wish we had a bed in the break room. I need a nap. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I'm At Olive Garden :) yumm.
The cleverness of original tweet is that it was made at 8:04 AM #ifyouhavetoexplainajoke... RT : RT :
Out to dinner <3
So upset..
Omg there's a transformers ride coming to Universal!
Don't have plans for this Sunday? Bring the family to see WEST SIDE STORY! We are extending RUSH tix to both performances on April 24th
Great meetings with yesterday, looking forward to the same with today
RT : Eyes peeled people! RT : Arcade Fire fans might want stick around in Austin after SXSW this year......
Crazy, it is snowing in Kansas City. Speaking of crazy we are running a "snow sale" in our outlet store. Save 15% on all food items!
There needs to be a live feed of #ProjectC so we can follow along from Jamaica
Game time!!! WHO PIG SOOIE!!!!
I miss my baby boy so much
Second anniversary?
All the things I can NOT be doing on my day off... What to ignore first...
Albert Gray~The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work
Going on a school field trip to Central Washington univisersity
I'm referred to as "the hot girl with tights" hahahh i'll take it.
actually make that a yes. this will hopefully be fun hahaha
RT : I love sending "apology emails" on behalf of !! They go places & simply SHOW OUT! Knocking the devil OUT!
lol i dont think its gonna be quiet at all throughout the concert x)
Got to be one of the great moments in sport. Bring on wonderwall!!!!
Way to go Slim!
thanks so much for including my book!
thc. I took a breathing seminar once and breathing correctly really improves hour wellness. Keep me updated
Ridiculous is the word
The Fray... Worst Anthem EVER!
Congrats to 1-0 win to advance to the next round. Next game Friday. Well won game.
Happy Birthday! Thanks for the great website.
I haven't really had any sleep
Planes trains and automobiles are all plotting against me this week.
can I get a birthday shout out? :) it would mean the world to me if u did :D
GWC to settle this race
Look at licking her burrito like it's a lollipop!
I'm sorry...its just that I have an issue with see thru shoes!????!?? I hate them ... even cinderella's
Week 4: Teaching the Philosophy Day School Faculty in Manhattan 'Basic Movement Principles for Injury-Free Exercise'. MindFirstFitness
I have a great tape program on a former Disney executive on entrepreneurship Mike Vance. Great self help piece. docprov
Sweet Ride! looks like a tater-tot.
a martini has more alcohol than a beer...I think I learned that when I was 12
"Consultant" does not work for us any more. However we are still using Twitter. Apparently a Rolex is no substitute for a brain
#Luck is such deliberately and painfully constructed narrative project, it seems like it would reward super-close attention
's Blues Halloween Party Sunday 's Lounge #that grown up shit# Johnny Taylor mfs!
Listening to Interpol, good way to start of my day :-)
“: when y'all get famous can y'all get Jessica alba to marry me?” period she's yours
a VERY DELICIOUS bowl! That stuff rocked
Mazel Tov!!! I am SO proud of you. Well done! :)
Me too :D
5th of March? no way?! what a coincided haha (:!
LA sweeps it at at home. Crazy
thank you for following! I've gotta get hip to some good equipment!
Have I missed your latest HuffPost piece?
Totally. I'm starting to get it. It seems like something easy to get into if ALL your friends already do it lol.
Wonders why the MET Museum does not have a smartphone app.
ME TOO! I can't wait! Are your farmers markets open yet?
Awesome weather finally :)
I have both really enjoyed and been impressed by the past two episodes of #MadMen. What did you think?
He wouldn't come to Houston after the trade for Jordan Hill and Houston said he could go anywhere but LA. OKC it was!
Just passed butteville, oregon...
You may not end up where you thought you'd be, but you'll end up right where you're meant to be
hello Have a nice day! :)
Hungarian Sausages today are off the woodwork! Coconut Rum Soaked Brownies!!!
not anymore it got broken lmbo
Hi Steve. I just wanted to thank you for talking with my son Jordan in Indy at the event at the Hyatt in Feb. It meant a lot.
enjoyed listening to #kcrw #morningbecomeselectic broadcast from #sxsw this morning
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate my ex's all say I have issues.....blah, what do they know!
Come see the show - Lori is FANTASTIC in it! :)
K I'll text you when I'm settled. :)
yes, I'd be happy to! Friday is much better. I don't want to miss the main conference. :)
Workout kicked my a$$ but it was GREAT!
Great job by the folks tonight. Great gala, fun crowd, and of course I loved the venue. Super event
Roll Your Own Smoke Shops Argue They&#39;re Basically Build-A-Bear For Grownups
Journey to the center of the Earth <U+2764>
I always wondered about the "half-life" of tech workers. I moved into library science after my 1/2 & consider myself semi-tech now.
Yay, finally my birthday!!! I'm so excited!!! #pumped :) Continuing the festivities!!!
If you can't love me when I am worst then truly you do not deserve me at my best
Hm...trying to decide which stadium to paint next- any thoughts? Twins stadium? which would be better Target Field or Hubert Humphery?
Garrard to back up Moore makes sense. If garrard is healthy enough to do just that.
Srsly? I bet they have _all_ done that via email...
Will LeBron show up in today's final 2 minutes?
Fact: We have a private list called "Hilarious" and the only folks on it are & #FF all ya'll.
We #Packers play those not-so-good Texans (cc: ) #trashtalk season ...lol
CPAC 2012.. YAS will be in the action! check the new blog out soon!
the baby daddy that has two kids with her is saying; "fool me once, shame on you. fool me twice, shame on me."
Everybody in the whole world needs to follow this amazing hockey fan. ----->
that it does. lol was on deans list when i left. only got 2.0 in hs. lol
fun yess the dark!
“: I will reiterate that while 2Pac is the greatest of all time, the Outlawz have some pretty weak rhymes.” public enemy?
Lot's of debate to go on in #Carlsbad at Wednesday's Planning Commission meeting. Issues about growth and how to do it. Attend if interested
this guy haha
I hate when someone ask you whats wrong just because your not a peppy little girl that smiles 24/7
That would be a bit tricky. Have you thought about modding some penny sleeves?
I finally finished watching all of the wire. If I had to rank the seasons I'd do 4 > 3 > 1 > 2 > 5. Agree or disagree?
Thank you for your assistance this morning. We are closing tomorrow! Thank u! Thank u! Thank u! Thank u! Thank u! THANK U ALL!!!!
Looking for guest blog post writers. Let me know if you are interested. :)
It's Tues. & you should stop in Jade Monkey after work. We have darts, pool, shuffleboard, board games & a kick ass juke box.
If I die young like in the next few days I blame it on the Girl Scouts and their evil cookies.
I Love angie
“: Sometimes u just have to make an #ExecutiveDecision.” <~~~ Real Talk!
...nice to meet you...we are advertising not spam ... thanx for advice
Hey hey hey Jenn :) can i use the same video i won the acting contest with to enter into the Laugh Contest? thanks Jenn
impressive self control.
The Captain!
Open social media at school makes me assume two things. Mac environment (not afraid of malware) and private or charter school.
Winter weather advisories in effect on the morning CTC is moving offices... $20K gowns and NYC sleet don't exactly mix. Ugh.
I saw juan at the mall he broke his leg
Better. Faster. Stronger.
T-Plush, if you have time sign a ball & give to Eddie for fantasy camp. RT Speaking of , he's signing autographs now!
You are most welcome!!
I wanna get to know a few of my followers. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
Go to whole foods and buy the Honeycrisp Apples NOW! Omg... I've never tasted anything this amazing! So not kidding
agreed. Hence the focus on DLine rotation depth thru free agency & draft.
those are indeed good. How is life?
R.I.P Junior Seau
1,700th tweet goes to my best friend , even though we say we hate each other we don't <3
I genuinely hate wearing undergarments.
Yes indeed...
Is it not the perfect night to say FU to Fri the 13th, snow storm, the work week? Come and join us for the perfect Friday FU!
Sale Sonax CS-2180 Component Wall Shelf - Newbridge Home - shelves wall mounted
Just sat on a bay area rapid transit train with brand new seats!
taco johns = bomb, especially right before a game!
Headed to St Paul's school to sell Haitian metal art before & during the intermission of Twelfth Night. #incongruity?
could use help in Queens with our drug free home program, launching in Newark NJ in April. Drug detection with tech
will do man! Will you be here for WMC??
you must be EXTREMELY social to have that many "gotta tweet that" moments! I mean you gotta get your ideas from someone lol
Thank you. We pray with you.
Join us from 1-3p at Walmart on 7200 Arroyo Crossing this Saturday for the LivFast 2012 Tour! Win Monster Energy Cup tickets and more!
Sad day for the #mets and all of baseball....will miss you Gary Carter
exactly this team needs to address their holes at or before the trade deadline or this season will get ugly
RT : "If you've been overtraining your "sitting" muscles, you should probably give them the day off and go workout.”
Where is the freaking trust?.
Indeed! Our poor guys. Looks like they are playing on a Slip n Slide.
Aw yeah, first sunburn of the year! It's all downhill from here....
Robert McLean ROCKS! Talk about stepping up and taking care of State Farm Insureds. Alot of work and proud to be of service to H/O's. Yay!
Him and Oden are the NBa's version of Grumpy Old Men. RT : Andrew Bynum is 22 and looks like hes 45 lol
Last night was the real deal
In the words of Marvin Gaye - "What's going on?"
Acorns were used as a coffee substitute during the American Civil War. #odd facts
Why would Peyton go to the Broncos?!?! They already have Tebow..
kobe must have been blind not to see that coming!
Yea I'm gonna have to bc yesterday was a practice run but today Is the real practice run, Takes me a week to get warmed up.
Can we rig social media influence? Follow and interact with him about #Moms to find out. 'Your Mom" jokes are fair game, of course.
Yeah, that's the one! Damn I could really go for one right about now.
I do have stories, there not on twitter but i could send you a link if you'd like.(: & then I know of several people too.
tweet me
Happy birthday c;
#howrace how matters more than money but not more than winning in a how way
hell yeah! how was the sac show?
RT : Morning Winos! I hope everyone is excited for 's Italian #wine tasting tonight! See you there!
's voice is so amazing & incredible!!!<3 hehe(;
you have twitter? Lol
Anyone in Chicago for the cinco de mayo weekend?
Thanks for the RT re mixer at Joey Buona's on Thursday!
Damn and that was on a white girl LMAO
Great to hear! We heard great things about your booth. Us too! RT : Had a great time in the Big Easy.
where at in oregon will you bee?
The dog is a gentleman; I hope to go to his heaven, not man's. ~Mark Twain, letter to W.D. Howells, 2 April 1899
Check out 8th On Campus apartments, they have HUGE bedrooms and livingrooms!
Omg about to leave to my Sis house
sombody at my house dats fat ugly short n black hahah her name on twitter is kkisforever follower her to make fun of her plz ppls lol realy
Turn out tonight is great but the questions could be tougher...
The moment when your ipod dies in the middle of your favorite song :/
We have much to be thankful for! Have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
If you tweet "Bored AF" on a daily basis, you need what the rest of us call a "Job"
that's what I like to hear, i'll bring the tequila!
It's parent-teacher conference day at Positive Tomorrows!
Had a great time at #schmidtatstern. Thank you
I prefer drinking my dessert as well.
notice though I said paisley was the greatest "country" guitarist.
Sailfish can leap out of the water and into the air at a speed of 50 miles (81 km) per hour.
It's been a pretty mild one today. Now is the time to do your unit maintenance.
I wonder whats gonna happen when they bring the black on black jordan's out!!!
": ": Before bed, #Gemini checks Facebook and Twitter 12x." Hahahaha" true life
always! n since I moved away from all the negativity my health has improved greatly. i am back to playing with my boys.
Jim Tressel will be the next head coach for the Indianapolis Colts.
I'll sacrifice for what I want...
STAY LOCKED TO FIND OUT WERE #TEAMUET WILL BE NEXT SATURDAY!!! THE WEEK AFTER #TEAMUET GOES TO THE ATL!! LEGOO
That is fantastic!
I think is so pretty!!!
Legs on Fire!!! 8.5 miles in the books, 7.5 to go in the morning.
#Patriots fans! #SPECIALTWEETISCOMINGINSECONDS please retweet it... very neat!
#Yosted RT: what's worse for KC fans: Royals losing 9th in a row or Yuni getting 2 hits, guaranteeing he'll lead off tomorrow."
we will be raptorous while drinking!
its ok. The price of being "the boss". Thanks for the FF
Did you feel the heat? RT That's the best explosion in the history of television.
hahaha i'm not finished til friday evening
Whn people put up statuses about going to bed & you're just siting with your ice cream & books thinking.. I'm just getting started!
When you miss having class with someone
- it was predictable because no one was willing to make any big moves. I do say that Kim was superb!
I know, I suck. Let's do lunch next week!
Everything and everyone pisses me off!
FUCK DAN GILBERT ....THEN MY NIGGA ODOM IS CRYING AND TO TOP IT OF BRANDON ROY IS GONE? WTF NBA IS GOING TO HELL
Looking forward to today's luncheon with Catherine Roe tuned for tweets from the event.
Fascinated by the Game Change on HBO!
Right now
"I'm tryin to get fired tomorrow" -
going to pick up my monneyy(:
that'd be so fun
Have you tried PicMonkey or FotoFlexer? Those are really more Picnik-like, I think.
New users are registered. They are welcome to GIS Extensions Market.
Off to work once again. Gonna earn that money!! xD
The #word #grind #makes #me #smile CieraMariexoxo
i can give u a guest pass if you want, btw, i cant send a msg back if you are not following me
Does Shep Smith still have a job at Fox News after his comments this evening - I would think the audience is not happy about "21st Century"
Wonderful turnout for last night's opening of Liminal Suspension at Gallery 114. Thank you for coming out!
Test in 5 mintues, game time. See yall later.
One place I wanna go before I die is the straight ghetto of Atlanta ..
Great-you can give me a little first hand info! What else drove your conversations?
While at the corner store this morning, the guy behind me was buying an Olde English 800 and some Starbursts. Nice way to start the day!
Tell Rob to shut up and coach.
having oil change trouble? come in to brake specialists plus! we'll take care of you.
yes, later though, like 3pm...
Another day out protesting instead of teaching
Working on the web layout for new Pocket Shot Energy! This is going to be an amazing ride.
oh I would of paid to see that scene.
Some pretty cool stuff in the not oft talked about movie Hanna from last year. And the soundtrack by The Chemical Brothers makes it work.
I'll be a part of Pigtown's Health and Wellness Festival next Sat. May 5 near the stadiums. Come drum with me from 11-2!
Phil argues lack of government protection of recipes or fashion hasn't slowed #innovation in those fields.
3 Goals for the #OA movement: Prestige, quality & access
My friend is deleting his account.
RT : A Porsche is just the male equivalent of a boob job.
She re-did the house. ~ discovered she was part ~ of an unmatched pair.
“: Ugh! RT : Just went public: multiple sources saying the May 7 launch for is likely to slip. ”
Merlot with Chicken noodle soup for Christmas Eve
thank you! Our conversations about it were really helpful. I definitely want to collaborate on a paper/writing/critical text.
I just told a beautiful girl "There is nothing good for you in that vending machine" lol #ballsy !
Dude, is that gonna be on ESPN?? If it shows up on video, that would suck.
I really hate shopping
Wrapped recording new meditation CDs Meditations to Ease Anxiety, and Meditations for Self Compassion. Stay tuned for release dates!
- Hi Vanessa, currently we do covers of pop-punk songs from Green Day and Sum 41 and have some original rock songs.
for u bday
I miss tweeting all day with
My nigga Jokim just shook bra and made him fall
Don't care about anything right now! I can't even stop smiling! So happy but with so many problems..? Wonder how that's possible. Love life!
Tiring Day.
thanks dude. I got a bunch of work games this year so that is cool. Also got tix to target field. Not a Brewer game though.
del.icio.us founder starts new career as bio-terrorist.
Just got done running for 30mins.. Felt great but the legs are killing!!!
I love this little hippie town!!<3;)
Love the new #postsecretapp it is addictive. It should probably have a spell check element added but, it is a winner.
how are you?
SC Johnston sex scandal, Billionaire Heir accused of abusing teenage girl.
Now this is were i have too be stronger than before...
Mann I Feel Like Trashh Right Noww .. '
are you referring to another player who did this?
Make-Your-Own-Sundae! Make-Your-Own-Sundae! RT As a token of our friendship, I got you this riding crop.
I could of got a Bentley but instead I got a Chevrolet
I'm eating chick fil a?!!!
I was one of those 2 million :-D
wow you're so funny I can't contain myself
they all look ratchet
and - is #uxhappyhour still happening with #snowpacolypse going on?
Have a San Diego Client looking for a mid-level sales pro looking to join their team. Nano-Technology Coatings, pretty cool stuff. Email …
It's not often that my job requires me to do math, but when it does—those are the best days.
Doing nothing tonight. Hm.
thanks honey!! I'm claiming it!! ;-)
I don't want to be a #sundaylibrarian, I want to stay in bed and sleep in.
The good news is, Rufus realizes my office is a place 2 do business. The bad news is, he doesn't realize it's not a place 2 do HIS business!
boxing day bay the bay -- sunny, crisp, fresh.
you are amazing not becoz of your look your style or your songs but becoz of your dream and your triumph that made u amazing!
Will look for that, thanks.
Will and grace >>>>>>>>>> best show ever
All of the content has been moved to the new website. We'll let you know when it's made public later!
They say it's the best bar-B-que in the south end!!!!
thanks :3 but I'm afraid my bffs boyfriend likes me :/
Facebook for me is for people I already now
$4.75 for a latte at the Bourgeois Pig... Frig...
I'll have to remember to check that out. Is it in summer?
How can I be so damn stupid? I'll have to fix this song tomorrow. It's gettin late.
FOLLOW ME and ill donate $50 per 500 new #followers to the by easter!
Happy Valentine's Day from CCWA!
My side hurting..
That tonight's gonna be a good night (: RT : I got a feeling.....
2012 Goal: Maximize productivity
Blondies and beer
Watching #RAW :-)
Ashamed. RT Clipper fans weren't "Risen" enough to help the team's best player, but "Risen" enough to grab their camera phones.
Great! Let me know who you are on your order, and I'll do something special for you.
[susan sontag] menaces, nuances
Henry Ward Beecher: Faith is spiritualized imagination.
These kids are being angels...okay what alien kidnapped and replaced them with clones in the middle of the night?
Lyrical Trilogy new tracks on the way
Hey, Dan, thanks for following me (read your bio) 'less you're in the US won't be finding you in a pub! But - what is a chav?
#PeopleWhoMatter Michael Jackson, and many others
STRONG ADVICE, NEVER TAKE ANYTHING FOR GRANTED, ESP LOVE, BEC WHEN UR REALLY READY, U MITE HAVE MISSED THE BOAT,DONT PLAY
Wait, does that mean I should continue the streak? Because I really don't want to, but...
When I see all the past seniors college photos, it just gets me so excited for next year.
From warehouse to offices, hospitals to libraries and museums to retail outlets
is off to bed knuckle-heads!!! lol
"we added alt tags" I hate this on a number of levels
they stopped a woman yesterday and were out there again today looking for trouble...
Kid suspended from a Va school for having a bag of oregano. His last name? Grass. 2 funny.
time to get some work done and get ready for american horror story tonight!
Thanks again new followers #FF , , ,
RT If you want to tweet shirtless pics of !
Ugh my allergies are crazy.. Eyes itching can't stop sneezing damn country bumpkin ass town!!!
RT : RIP Whitney Houston, a Legend and great American artist. And always, one of Newark's and New Jersey's treasured daughters.
RT Holy crap! you're smokin hot!!! :-) <<<---And you're blind. But thank you.
Gotta pocket full of cash we can blow.<3
wow! is the cat really a calico? sweetness is rare from those fuzzies. hope she finds a good home.
got an issue? :p
#Coach should have given his idol to either Sophie or Rick. Show your loyalties, dude!
<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6> it's going to be okay <U+2764>
My vote is for Mike Brown
im from cali, but i live in chicago now
I've worn glasses since the second grade, so I'm used to that.
Thats legit right there.
help us get 300 followers! :D whos from washington!? we want to follow you(:
are you working with the scouts?
I switched, I will make it out!
It is what it is. Rangers won. RT : #RANGERS #YOUMAD why are you retweeting this?
how IS your birthday going?
Thanks for the RT, Lori! My mom () said you were a good one to #follow. ;)
LOL! Almost! We forgot our stick for LAX game.
Ain't it crazy? RT : “ This the most active I've seen Amare the entire series....and he has one hand.”
#Mulesummit Ross Mason CTO Speaking about trendsand the importance Of Integration as we move into the cloud
indeed so
you forgot to say please, love. xx I will follow.
Honestly? I could not have a better life.
my twitter says your not following me
Wanting to live in the suburbs inside a big city. Houston homeowners are an odd thing.
I think you should!
stop kendall lol (: let me get a pic of you and see what happens!
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. David Brinkley
Oh, the horror!!
Glad u luv ChocChip Cookies! All Divvies cookies, cupcakes, popcorns & chocolates r vegan, nut-, egg-, & dairy-free.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto
Goto currently only affects flow of sequences; doesn't explicitly set playback position. It's super confusing. Will change.
Tired and hungry
Moved by our President's speech. I am proud to be an American!
Check @ QuickBooks Ultimate Lesson Guide DVD. 6 disc set w/Book, Special Library Price $199! www.QBLesson.com 888-976-8567
Just love when 21 year olds ask me out and my mom ask does he have a job? Cuz if he's got money hit him up lol love my Mom smh - _ -
What's happening tonight?
#Dead : Oh no you didn't...Kelly could barely make top 3 finest in her own group!"
Anyone get a chance to see the one hundred year old man run the marathon? Get to the gym no excuses today!
"To acquire knowledge one must study, sometimes to acquire wisdom one must observe"
Giving away 1GB USB drives at GE'10 to any prospective customers who stop by the Brausse Group booth and register with us! www.BRAUSSE.com
I am pretty sure Nick Johnson has been theist effective base stealer for the Orioles this season.
u and Jake got them boys ready to go. They r playing good up here
Are you wearing space pants, because your ass is outta this world
These dudes are on their grind, a must follow!!
"The price of greatness is responsibility."
9 hits thru 5 innings for the #Twins, so they are putting the ball in play. Just need to improve the situational hitting.
Ik im not thing to slp anytime soon, just woke up
Loving the Flogging Molly? Now that's my kind of Meteorologist!
*swoops in*
Ive been living that sukafreemovement for years.
Fuck off Jackie Robinson Waka and Soulja Boy are both sick as fuck
WOW! They didnt block Twitter @ school!
damn sorry to hear..
We call upon all of you to use #omla at #mla12 and whenever you wish to stand up for adjuncts, NTT, grad. students, the voiceless
And the award for the best friend of the year goes to.....GOD :)
This morning I had the great pleasure of driving behind a crazy swerving, brake pumping 25 mph-er. In a shower cap. Flailing with the radio.
I'm gonna eat then see if anyone wants to hangout.
although I can't think of a use case. Maybe if I'm one day stuck in an island with only Windows.
Goodnight guise. c: <U+2665>
Today has been better than I expected it to be!
Think really hard about visiting us tonight...then actually DO IT! :)
Hey stupid win BACKSTAGE PASS to #ExtremeReunion 4/28 in Philly. change ur profile pic to ours now. drawings on monday. dont be stupid WIN!
Boys that like Justin Bieber. Cool. You shouldn't plaster it everywhere to get girls attention. Usernames like: b0yB3l3beR4Evvaa ok no.
why arnt I tired .
I like the idea of commenting on existing posts. And using that to sort/filter if wanted.
H A P P Y F R I D A Y! Hope everyone has a good weekend. Anything fun planned?
Take them shoes off your teeth and quit runnin' your fucking mouth.
O snap! Who's that? Don't touch me, I'm 2 hot! Yes! Que paso? Here I go! So dope! Y tu lo sabes! No pare. Sigue sigue!
That is the happiest photo on earth.
#ImHopingThat when he serves his time and gets out that we will be able to work out our problems
In 1999 we though the search game was over, Yahoo had won -
Sitting in on (from Due Props) talk on "Redis Application Patterns" at
oh crap!
*drumroll* .....worst Twitter we've come across.. for you sado-masochists out there: get ready to overdose on chicken soup
What are your picks for the NFL playoffs today?
Apparently agrees, but is confused by your tweet.
hell yea man when I'm in town we gotta do that
And now the countdown begins to both the new year and #CES #UNVEILED for ZOMM!
Who is coming out to see Big Foot this weekend???? We are so excited to have them back with us again this year! It just never gets old!
It's beautiful!
Happy Birthday, Carl Sagan. I'm still inspired.
NO! Let's bring back the old Caps/Devils rivalry from late 80s/early 90s. I died a little inside when Scott Stevens got traded.
Why is it that it took 5 minute stand stills on the 15 for everyone to just merge into one lane!!
Did you know Shakespeare invented the words "assassination" and "bump"?
How does Tebow not go to Jacksonville? He would be a huge fan draw & make the franchise instantly relevant!
She teaches us the importance of how to grasp the concepts of this thing called life on all scales. How we interpret it.....totally on us
Presidents Day Sale going on now... 20%, 30%, and 40% off select items! Stop in and check out our new spring product!
if you ever run into Sam Hurd, are you going to ask him if he is "still running dope", like you asked Nate Newton at Ticketstock?
hahaha be back in two days. :P
I have a feeling this draft will make much more sense as time progresses. This isnt for now. It's for later. Lots of upside here.
What a sober crowd at Fenway -- in the 13th.
enjoying my last week at home. i will miss it, as always.
haha I will I am doing some more history studying first though. Why are you not asleep yet?!!?
Thanks for your support!
indeed they do
Proofing the yeast while Simon & Garfunkel do their mellow Sunday morning thing. Off to a good start.
Sumtimes I wish I could go on da Price Is Right!!!!
right there with ya! SUCKS
They raped him to death???
Relaxing with fam. Glad Doo is home. Toasty fire, good football, diet pomegranate 7-UP yum. Helping Doo write a letter to Santa. *cherish*
one official per player?
Music Video shoot for Falling Up Ft. Nina Luv begins tomorrow
Excited to get up on stage and present some well deserved awards at the Film Festival tonight...
& Kentucky made it do what it do & a good run Kansas! #NCAA Let me go get that$$$.
we have to get together again soon! maybe a little backyard fire and beer + s'mores at mi casa?
Excited to have just read a review in print for 40000 fav. & ex-Chicago artist Josh Mannis. Will be soon.
OMG I'm excited today because today with my boy - York :)
You breathe in and out anywhere from 15 to 25 times a minute.
I challenge u! 5432...
As you go about your day ask yourself, "What can I do that's in full alignment with what I say I want?"
in total how many research points do we need by the end of the semester?
U spoke. We listened. Don't like the high stakes tests being given? We're making new ones. -- Arne to teachers
Flattered. I'm selected as speaker 2 national convention 4 Passenger Vessel Association. Talking about new media marketing.
God I love dating straight men.
The voice just keeps gettin better
omg 4 more day i am getting old lol
#OkUPrettyBut your a bitch
Hey guys, the first 5 callers with the password, "Rubber Duck" win a pair of tix to tonight's 10pm show. 415-857-4785
Chatting with a c0mcast rep. I'm sure it's just a coincidence that her name is Eliza.
Met on #SkidRow w/ #OneChurch - hope you're well. #FollowBack and see you on
awww ! That was cute *smiles from ear to ear*
I grow a #playoffbodybeard year round in anticipation of the postseason
who seem to think they are victims & don't realize #CysticFibrosis doesn't define them-they do. I want my DD 2 know that!
Tell us your favorite wine varietal and why you love it.
I'm only half Italian so I can never be a made man.
That awkward moment when you just now realize your shirts been inside out this whole day...
I don't think it's possible to be more hung over. Today is goin to be so shitty
If you like Five Nights in Maine...spread the word!! Tell your friends about our facebook/kickstarter pages!
Tell you Amazing Beautiful Mother that I say Happy Mothers Day !! She deserves all the love !
I would make a fucking awesome wife.
Hey. Thanks foe following. Did you eat a lot if cranberries during your thanksgiving feast?
It is, like we have this song in the making called "Our bassist left the band" which is about our bassist leaving the band
Just watched Drive...ew.
keep a smile on your face
prayers go out to brian urlacher and his family great player im sure his mom was proud
Aw man, why cant you come?
Time to go sign some paper work and get some flyer photoshop rollin
The second installment of #BeerAndChocolate begins shortly at
uh at school and then i gotta work later and tomoro prepare for club silk!!!
KATIE'S MOM
"You can pay for school, but you can't buy class."
At a Media Training representing as a Lead Advocate! Stop budget cuts affecting #LGBTQ homeless youth!
Yeah bro, til Tuesday RT : you in the dmv?
Thank you. :)
Just put $5 in a change machine expecting quarters and it gave it to me in nickles -_-
New Mindset , Focused ~~~>
RT : Generally what is more important than getting watertight answers is learning to ask the right questions.~Madeleine L'Engle
hook it up.
not if I kick you off first
Then , I want my friends to grab the lit poles on the side of my casket and dance off Keedy black-hammer
I think there will be more supermarkets than people to feed in the 518 soon. Welcome whole foods
At the cafè and reading #hellboy love days like this.
Is Brittany Johnson Still a member of the Team?? She is awesome.. :):)
we know BK seems like kingdoms away but we promise Wine Riot NYC will rock ur glass!
At my first #blogathonATX... not sure what to expect, but the house is full!
Sarcasm? : Thought Garza was better than that , maybe he does suck. 500 pitcher
He who tip-toes cannot stand he who strides cannot walk.
Whoever The Video Girl Gotta Smoke Tho...
Nothing says 13 days til Christmas like frantic shopping on the Ave! Give yourself a break and pop into the B for a hot & juicy burger!
Thank you for the RT! Really appreciate it
Chicago Tribune columnist Schmich, Northwester professor win Pulitzers
This is so helpful. Its definitely going to happen. This shall be the best summer yet
We got those jumping jigowatts.
... Adele is a wonderful performer whose persona and singing talent are on stage front and center. Very special!
Its cold this morn!
If you don't see the qualities you desire in the people you lead, it's because they don't see them in you.
Ed Rapuano should shower up and call it a night.
last 100 to follow-> gets a followback from me<U+2665>
Oh I will and I always do!
we wouldn't have Bevo anywhere in our house, even below. :-) Same with anything crimson and cream!
Congrats to Ellen Hart from Houston, TX for winning a LightPad by Artograph during our Reader Appreciation Week!
Come see Mirage play Saturday from 7-11pm. Enjoy this Milwaukee favorite here at Jimmy's!
You probably typed Weeknd once and it learned it. Now you're forever screwed and so am I.
a Romney win in PA would prove what PA Dems have been saying all along-- PA hates Santorum. Even our GOP.
oh, ok. just as long as they weren't pics of you because you're a sweet heart
Love wins! Same sex marriage passes in New York!
nope. hasnt been for ages...
You are very welcome! Have a great weekend!!
Your face. I like that shit.
GOOD MORNING FACEBOOK!!HAVE A BEAUTIFUL DAY !
It appears that I have become the official party planner for people who get new jobs at natgeo....
If you already have a commercial agent, it's not much of a stretch to sign on with a commercial print agent. Sound boring? $6,000/day! Now?
I'm doing the work of 6 ppl today; my ENTIRE dept is out. AND of course everything yesterday & today is an emergency. ::frown::
Metal Ballerina & singer/songwriter Polina Kourakina at Desmond's Tavern Sat at 11pm! Come have a drink and check this rare artistic fusion!
“: OK, here we go. #civilunions is now up in Appropriations after a 2-hour delay. . #coleg #LGBT #LetThemVote”
Hi Tweet Fam! Back from vacation & on my grind - as u can c I'm workin' thru tons of e-mails & v-mails @ 2:16am!
Dear Odwalla truck driver: You should really turn that baseball cap around. Hard to have swagger with a truck covered in rainbows.
guys i think i have a mild case of beiber fever and help me
ahem, it's obviously a driver's license. her bed is a car, there's a stop sign we drew together somewhere for driving tests.
Have a family of 15 or more? Contact Kristi at 202- 296- 6500 for extended happy hour prices! ANY DAY OF THE WEEK!
Have you ever been popcorned? Lolol
Officially engaged! Oh happy day! Love you !
Wait. Is that the guardian angel dude from when I was a kid?? Um...
Follow for bodybuilding articles, motivation and the best prices on the web for supplements and muscle building products
ironically I was supposed to go to swim lessons the other day ... but the "time" wasn't right lol
what up?
thx again for Bento help, we are now using it to track diet and exercise!
Gonna take a little photowalk down to Quenchers. Almost forgot to put my camera battery back in.
thanks for playing last night! You guys were awesome!
missed talking with you at yesterday's #smLunch at the Stop by the shop for lunch some time.
Russell was a major influence in my teens (Why I am Not a Christian) -- then I was less impressed with him as time went on
Why is this? Don't we support our community bookstores anymore?
Party with athena and I tonight at toc bar....
I don't give a F. Kobe knows he's good and he plays like it. That's the way to be.
hope you have a bit of relief today. You are one strong lady :)
Please make Prezi stop.
You don't "manufacture" communities, you nurture so its a combination of organic and influenced
since 8th grade went by really fast, watch our freshman year take a century to be over.
incredible turnout for the #ipb2012 symposium - room nearly full. Looks like we're about to get started with introductions & keynote....
not sure too!
Welcome to the world of social media! RT : Big day for Pleasant View...we are now on Facebook, Google+ and Twitter!
Just. Got off the phone with
Yeah, the website is www.stardesignsa.com
oh shucks yay so excite now :))))
Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today, 11/3/11 from 10am-2pm at USC’s Trousdale Parkway
miss you!! Text me backk!
Geeking out on the awesome 90 degree turns in the Tournament of Roses Parade.
I love watching - It reminds me why I love being a writer
Here we go beyond the call of duty to make ur wedding transportation as smooth as possible.
No show makes me want to shoot myself quite like The View.
“: The best sex toy for a #Leo is a camera haha.” - hahaha
Shout out to ! Thanks for the support!
We are great thanks and what about u
Does this mean Tom Brady is the devil?
i touched way too many pregnant crabs today
Iced dirty vanilla chai <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I'm serious....I can't find nobody to fuck or eat it right so I give up lol
Before I die, I want to understand how the triangle offense works.
Well, your house, your music I suppose..
Hahahaha somebody hacked that man twitter..this can't be life!
Classes starting August 1st and 2nd! Check out our schedule at www.TuckerSchool.com!
i was getting so confused lol
Who wants video updates?!
20k carryover tonight at Los Al. I know will probably be playing that
I got mine in!
Yummy! We're giving away a gift certificate to Cappellino's Crazy Cakes at the next Art Drinks. It's at Maya on Wed, May 9 from 5:30-7:30pm.
I had a few too many last night as well
TY for retweet on this- that's 2x today. I must be on my game! :)
Thanks to both of you for the replies. I love Twitter!
RT someone get me in a football fantasy draft tho
i am a mess.
#BestSound goes to #Hugo. No surprise there.
If you like John Legend then try Josiah Bell.
I'm getting sleepy
Really, Really hate America voters now.
I KNOW! Don't worry, we still gave all summer!
the elusive irony molecule.
Hey guys how was your Saint Patty's Day?? Mine was great :)
TRUTH be told RT I'd rather rebuild with Rondo & others than be one and done in the playoffs.
Not havin the best day!!! Ugh crazy peep!!! WTF? Y can't any1 b normal? I know it's false thinking, but, cmon, r u that stupid? Guess so!!!
It's Friday, Friday, gotta get down on Friday!
No...just monitoring series to determine schedule. In DC for last Capitals game and this series impacts travel plans....
Crowdsourcing: More imp. than metadata from public is fact that you're engaging them to help do your work
I miss bill and yes :-) <3 RT We miss seeing you on #RedEye ...hoping you can be a guest again soon :-)
'Perseverance is not a long race. It is many short races one after another.' - W. Elliot
Cooking a chicken using convection heat instead of regular baking for the first time. Is one really better than the other?
Engage staff in solutions to help create a vibrant organizational culture.
guess I'll set outside by myself all day.
Awesome! We'll be rooting for you!
“: TODAY WE SKATE AND PARTY!!!!” so ready to see you babeh love!! Indy bound!!
Now when i see you, i feel like ripping your head off and feeding it to my cat.
I use mostly #facebook and #linkedin, but I also monitor media from similar #nonprofits here on
Hii It Seems You Forgot About Your Sis=(
: Thanks Joel. It was great chatting with you too. More to come!
"Superhero" Phoenix Jones arrested after pepper spray incident.
The current economic conditions have hit most Americans hard. Good people who are experiencing their own financial difficulties.
noo i didn't. i haven't been able to use the internet in a long time. so i didn't see her 2nd one, or her first
good luck
#ifIruledtheworld, everything would have its own theme music. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
what did ypu come to
Floyd slicker than oil
considering playing 13 Pag. Capricci for 2nd half of recitals for late spring when right place offers, will do all 24 live
All Americans really want is to be rich, smug and superior. Why can't our system deliver that anymore?
your concert last night was life changing i <3'd it and you even made one more beliber my friend offically likes u now haha :)
I wouldn't take that bet 'cause I'd lose.
The best part of making the movies... learning from the pros themselves - Michelle Rodriguez
that's god(: and ive been better :/
OMG, I'm learning PowerShell...and THAT is scary.
This is the 7th straight NFL Draft to have at least 2 players from the same conference selected within the first 4 picks.
great to meet you this morning. Thanks for all that you do to #supportuw athletics! Excited about 2012-On, Wisconsin!
Best of Bacon #3: Bacon meat balls
how long does it take to get compensation for a parcel that's gone missing in the post pls? I have receipts for goods & stamps
Come on, Ryan Adams. I need your sweet voice to put me back to sleep.
oh yeah! Ash is in too!
This girl gon say which one is a pedicure that's for your nails right ? -___-
CHRIS BROWN ALL DA WAY
Good Night All! Be Blessed!
Yarp. I've got June 30 on the calendar for this ride. I <3 Concussions. :D Thanks!
#homophonesforobama - Flexing his mussel.
Hey! Can't reply to the DM - you're not following me. =)
your jealous and I find it funny..
If you take nothing else from your middle school education, at least remember that pineapples don’t have sleeves.
In Flyers playoff games in 2012, team to score first is 1-8.
I did
enjoying my day !
why is there so much writing involved in a poli sci degree?
HAHAHAHA Barry Manilow was my favorite sing-a-long years ago, had all his records! NOW he makes me smile at my silly self :+D
Country Grammar playing on #iheartradio. Must resist urge to dance on the cta. #STLproblems meets
*excellent* idea :)
im fine lol
haha I feel ya Nate! Ya it's called Imagiengineering or something.. Ha I delivery food there. Its a cool place
how is #murraystate just a 6 seed?!?! Should have been a lower seed.
Things I'm not happy to hear coming out of my dentist's mouth: "DANGIT!... That just broke." Yeah, it was a long (and painful) morning...
I can't sorry :/ I've got a follow limit :(
nice! And great use of the hash tag!
Mavericks and heat in the NBA finals
Anybody else notice EVERY SINGLE ad at kenmore station is for coors light?
Starting strong!
If you take pictures of your kids having fun at a McDonald's playland, you are the noncustodial parent.
Great more epic-sized storms impacting in t minus 30min. Im gonna wig if we lose pwr again...how will i pwr my recording gear, weather, how?
Looking forward to Ani Avetyan's workshop today at !
Alex's last name in his username looks different? Does it look that way to anyone else? -Maria
I really cannot chill with without being around or cause I don't understand her b.
Welcome Momma Dragon!(:
You need a logo!?
Crazy long day made better by a May '77 Help/Slip/Franklin's Tower!
Thanks for the Retweeter, Mike!
Back rubs are the bessstt!
True, I just can't wait for Overdrive to be cut out of the picture to allow easier access and capability for Pub Libs.
RT : Canine Cancer: We are driven because there is a hole in our soul where once was the love of our dog So True!
Working on final sound mix for the film. www.petrginz.com
are u located in New York?
Sitting here cooling on my new ipad2...the shit beats carrying a heavy ass laptop
i love #ttylxox so much i wish i had money to buy it and buy the shakeitup cd : )
Sorry I haven't responded sooner. I been sick with some kind of flu bug going around. If you like sports games .http ...
I just listened to #GiveItToEm by and I love it already! <3
RT Going to Hyundai shareholder mtg in south korea,this friday,to ask help repeal HB 56.Hope they live up to own policy/rt thing to do.
4,500 museum people at #AAM2012 in Minneapolis, MN are headed back to cultural institutions around the world. Safe travel all
I'm not worth SHIT!!
Houston was one of our first networks to build! Follow our Houston network!
RT : RT : up at #Telco2. "Business should learn free customers are more valuable than captive ones"
What were they expecting? Tea & cookies?
Pleasure. Glad you found it helpful...
thank you for the shout! RT ending #InternationalWomensDay w/ amazing women in our lives
Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light. ~Norman B. Rice
TY for sharing!
good thing I was worried about you!
listening to tell us all of the secrets of online advertising attribution. how scandalous.
Finally" all men are created equally" and "liberty and justice for all" is a little closer to being reality.
I like sex talk early...lol
asked if you've written any good articles lately! Write to him and say hello!
New MacBook Pro's glass only screen? No thanks! I'm so glad I purchased my MBP before these updates.
dont judge me i was tired ugly
Bro-town is not worthy
Hello Farragut square 17th and k. Last chance to get these classic tacos, before we roll out our new menu for cinqo de mayo!
That's what I heard today! So depressed... it seems like we are bringing the rainy weather back with us :(
Thank you for following eFacialMasks.
great piece by tom verducci on the career of Jorge Posada - thx for the memories Jorge: Posada retires w/ underrated career...
As Mark Zuckerberg turns 28, his company prepares for its long-awaited initial public offering
Great meeting yesterday with one of our GRN Agents in Tucson, Barbara Bardach, and Stone Canyon Membership Team
Advertising your show door to door is tough. Not so much because it's impractical, but girl scouts don't like sharing their turf.
Dopamine is norepinephrine's best friend.
#FF Creative sparks across Colorado - and - All people that are creating change
. Just so I know my hearing works, you 'dislike' Instagram...
Now that I've over loaded my brain yet again, I'm going to bed early!
model it! - ask them to stump you at the beginning of class, then look for an answer together.
I love you for the part of me that you bring out
Keshia was acting up on that one visit man
Where's the panic button?
Speaking the #truth MIGHT feel risky and uncomfortable... but it ALWAYS feels good to do the right thing.
So glad the weekend is here!
Watching American Idol :)
He really ruined my day today :(
me too lol. i am extremely addicted and twitter occupies my mind all the time. i dont see how some people tweet so much
Thanks for the love! My husband jazz trumpeter plays there sometimes so I hope to be out for a visit soon!
RT Hooray! just submitted Baltimore's Google Fiber response to Google. Yea Baltimore!
Starting get use to the east side! G'morning kahaluu ;)
or let it go and know the kind of friend you really are.
one direction arent a band stupids
hahaha yea better have that belt ready to calm him Down haha and yea I got free ice cream ALL THE TIME
And Jennifer Shilling won too! :)
NO you didn't !
I'm thinking about your question more: don't you think that the digital itself can be a stimulus for innovation sometimes
Fox News was the ONLY network to refuse to air the Haiti Telethon...just how evil ARE these people?! *Christian*-Right my a$$.
Lol where should we go for our honeymoon?
no, *puts bowl behind me* you're not taking this away. Im hungry. *winks*
Any HIGH level Sharepoint Developers out there???
Please check your DM.
Hey Thom! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Besides my fun little painting, I'm on my way to miracle mile for a nice bday dinner at a Brazilian steakhouse!! Yeah!
do you have a proper instagram we can follow? (Lotta fakes out there)
Does your GPS get Canada maps???
How many stoners does it take to screw in a lightbulb?...wait let me think of a punch line...
right? I used to listen to it when I was like 12 or 13.
Yikes! Good thing I didn't put my sweaters away yet! RT : Near-freezing temperatures expected in Central Ind.Tuesday morning
Feel ill. This sucks.
My twitter is hacked!!!!
We'll discuss this! “: #4AsWebinar It's most likely not interactive.”
And class begins....
awesome website, smart cookie! I agree - lets meet! I am free Monday :) what's your sched look like?
msg me your number or anything so that I can send it to you<U+263A>
My dad mailed me a T shirt: "I've played golf most of my life. The rest I've just wasted." Awesome
Heading back to the studio. We have great holiday specials. Call 404-919-6705 for more info. Serious artists only!!
I had such a great time @ The Couch! RT : Karaoke w/ ! Where's and ?
hahah i will but i dont know his twitter name hha or does he have a twitter? haha how do you want me to tell him?? ahhaa
Nice! I will be taking advantage of that! :-)
RIP 2PAC YOUR ONE OD THE GRATEST TO EVER BLESS THE MIC FOR YOU YUNGINGS LISTEN TO SOME 2PAC TO SEE WHAT A REAL RAPPER IS
Good luck with your sessions!
I miss you my friend! I hope to see you soon. Cuando vaya nos tomamos un cafecito con tequila, jajaja. Besos!
Give so much time to improving yourself that you have no time to criticize others.
correction, second best. His shower is the best. I apologize for misleading all of you
Can the owners of Big Blue Country open up for one night only? How great would that be?
it wasn't even anything cool just some color profile and dpi conversions bleah
Just made my first carrot cake - let's hope it tastes as good as it looks.
It's so amazing how Twitter feed just keeps on rolling along, regardless of u have anything to tweet. Life is great, tweet on everyone! NOH8
of course. Thx mate!
I'm officially a Sophomore , lol why !
The Amile Jefferson announcement stream feels like a news report from the 1980s
I already pay for drivers' parking when I ride my bike to shop, I shd not have to pay extra tax to expand their highways 2!
Enquirer Media is hiring for more people on my team! Digital New Business reps - send me message if you're interested.
In Boston yesterday. May be headed to New York City today. "New York City? That really chaps my hide!"
i dont know la im tryin mto see when my lil sista gone get her apt cause i aint movin back wit my daddy
Ha Ha! What sort of projects are you thinking of taking on? A community curator project came my way.
Btw is killing it on the wlrn channel right now!
a lazy river with liveaboards!?!?!?
Every once and awhile you just want to laugh hard
2-days and 6-gallons of paint later the studio is looking awesome! Still have the ceiling to go. Pix coming soon…
well you go to ur local gas station buy a blunt and go to ur drugdealer and cop a .5. Eeeasssy. Hahahaha
I would love to see a Joel Mchale and Daniel Tosh duo. Anyone else?
I am excited. After an extended setup, Slammer got right to business with tracks last night. You are going to like what he is doing!!!
I think you gone look good with short hair
I see your future! A man with grey hair and glasses will approach you with a special message: "Get this done."
Baby Tylenol for everyone! (hang in there)
Merry Christmas, y'all!
Got beer??
you're going to be 3weeks preggers and you'll be already setting up college funds aww
Me and Mic Tee made some stupid heat last night...... THERES A REASON artists bring me to engineer their music ... believe that..
WEiRD FACTT #I Catt pee glows under a black liqht:O
You just made my day! Thanks to for reaching out!
Things were simpler before you came into my life.
Got it. Thanks for thinking of us! Hope you are well.
Hi from Detroit! How many PAs does LaHair need to be in the qualified group for BA and OPS? plz say hi to my dad Lewie.
Burnt my tilapia in the oven. Kayne came running
Come face to face with your fears today, and win!
New Episode in 1 hour!!! woohoo!!!
I wish my opinionated doctor/lawyer/businessman friends got that I do analysis and critical thinking about systemic inequality FOR A LIVING.
I'm driving a Buick Lacrosse from Avis, this car had done everything than eat me.
#InMyHood trees hella thirsty. Fences bob wired!
dlmurphyinc David L. Murphy, CEO New tax laws update avail on request thank you so much
but was the camera man
Xcel Energy to rebate Energy Star Rated LED Lamps Soon! Stay tuned for more information!
He may very well use the same amendment to strike ObamaCare down!
2 am here. Night Night everyone.
Aww, thank you:) love you too! <3
Maybe going to Waffle House after the March Against Drugs&Alcohol. Amazing Race later. Great Day(:
sounds like you need to see the doc
k not my fault u wouldn't drive over
Riley Fest...who knew?!
I really want heart shaped plugs.
Please tell me you're taking them to Brad's?
Haha okay good. (; and I glued it:D sorry it took so longg... I'm trying to figure this thing out:)
even if poker was a game of luck, why can't ADULTS gamble! (even though I believe in the skill factor) FREE CHOICE to do with my money!!!!
If u my nigga u ma nigga then
thanks!!! Hope the birthday was awesome :)
Leaving the for the !
I love when makes music on me. :)
Bruh this car shit so stressful. Damn
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow we'd probably be fighting. Then hooking up, then fighting again. Never ending circle...
Coach Cal finally has his National Championship.
loved all night HH last night. But when is the patio going to be open?
Can't believe got fired :'(
Not good like permanent, good like not negatively.
what happened? I can't get in front the TV right now?
...that's why what you say, isn't art, it's expected.
Ha! Cuddle weather... ;-)
Book Release Mixer Success on God's Terms ....Fashion Forty... between 7th and 8th ave Mid-Town Manhattan NY come join us now
Love for #whiskerwars runs deep. The best/hardest part is seeing Always makes me miss Austin something fierce. Texas forever!
yeah t didn't show up for like half the season same with 3
prior was cool but mr Wilson sucks I have a video on Facebook that took on the last day in that class haha
i love you<3
Watch Commission's public input hearing online at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
Did u know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round? In 1770, long shapes began to appear & then the "Baguette" was born!
FERNANDO QUIJANO I gets "Pissed On"...
I Love Paramore :)
I liked lupe fiasco but now im just ashamed
just so everyone's clear, I have no intention to sleep anywhere but my house tonight
Will you run a #marathon or other distance race this spring? Share with us! How are you #training?
Nasty ain't the word
Eating kettle corn (: i hope you're jealous.
Thinking about going with the Bryce Harper Mohawk/mullet for the World Series next week
RT And resurrection comes afterwards RT : Nobody wants to hear "Good Friday" by Rebecca Black, huh?
New addiction .
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 1O
Glen Beck writing a book on the constitution is like Elton John writing a book on vaginas
Today we started shooting the web series "The Couch"
Reminds me of Bill Clinton's frequent references to the "Contract On America."
Is it even possible? Because there is not one thing, to date, that convinces me that it is. Until then, I'm sticking with a "no"
More than 1 billion people do not have clean water
Hey , Want To Be My TwitterWife ? <3 !
thanks for everything this conference!
At #IHOP you can substitute Fresh Fruit for potatoes and save about 200 calories.
Imma b grumpy as shit tomorrow no car no sleep super long day
Ha, very true.
John Elway--Bad Lies...or Good Smoke Screens: "We'll only draft impact players" | "We don't have a plan B" - Where do these leave Osweiler
right back at u Jeremy!! Must follow!
come celebrate on the Pedal Mill! Woot! Congrats!
You were precious on Jimmy Kimmel last night and carrying you was so sweet! Most adorable couple, ever!!!
you should have gone tomorrow, first 10,000 fans get a man left on base
I love you so much (: you're amazing(: <3
You would be one of the biggest "haves" in social media that I know!
Dear Aspiring Author: When sending a query please don't embed hi-res images that take forever to open. Thank you.
So close! It's our Thin Mint!
just tweet 's real!
heyy boo boo!
I heard the Rick James song last last....She's a superfreak, superfreaky, YOW.......lol....LOVE IT! RIP RICK. We miss you! <U+266A>r<U+266A><U+266B>
Tyson: If China said intended to put military bases on Mars the US would get there in 10 months (re threat motivation for space exploration)
RT : Grateful to be working alongside in the #drought region - We are too!! Thank you for your partnership
you annoyingg!! I was quoting it! Not 2 u!
Frankly, I don't want to hear that out of ANY player's mouth. This game doesn't need any more lunacy.
are you going to make a cameo
Back at it again!
Yeah, awesomeness
Damn Knicks great pickup in ! Always loved his game. Guys like him going to make Lin that much better.
We will have a slightly different (and abbreviated) menu the week of the #SuperBowl. Updates will be posted here and on FB. Check back soon
Rain delay
Why am I up at 9'oclock
As long as they arent "foreign objects" im good w/it “: It's only a matter of time before they let MMA fighters use weapons”
I enjoy reading your blog!
Thanks friend!! :o)
I snooze my alarm more and more the further into the week it gets
Niggas bought skateboards, scooters, bikes, rollerblades................all because of Rocket Power..
Art class, I love it
Pull them panties to the side, let me slide my tongue through! Haha.
Who is ready for Andy????
“: Bryce Harper isn't messin' around. You forget he's 19 out there.” it's incredible
Did they say they weren't going to do it? Also yes.
such a hungover lazy Sunday! Been working on 1 page of translation since 9 this morning! Missing #LATFOB also!
Parents expectations can be increased by child development accounts
What restaurants are giving out Halloween candy? I know that The Black Bear Inn is.
one more good reason to be a bicyclist in DC. Laughing at people try to pay for parking on 600 blk of Penn SE when neither meter works.
In your experiences what is the most profitable business on the net?
's Don't Stop played as CBS goes into a commercial break.
theme song of the day.
#ff thinking a puppy mill is just a farm, on a river where puppies go to harvest grains
Romney not able to get his immigration plan put until November. - JDG
RT EVERYBODY WHO LOVES #HARRYPOTTER BOOKS/MOVIES!
U did it... you died it:):)!!! Oh now that's gonna be dope lady!!!
*sigh* still working on homework XP
Painting a photograph.
Who is excited for me to stop tweeting about the animals in my roof?
how is that "cognitive dissonance"?
can you guys send me questions on formspringgg? (:
Biggie skys the limit just went off pandora jammin good now d.m.x.slippin playing now.
When everyone is going to Grad-Night and your home alone wanting to be with them . <|3
Every time I hear the song bruk it down i swear it puts me in the best mood and makes me wanna dance lol
You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization. -Denis Waitley
“: I had such a good day today <U+E056>”
CI Launches Technology Workforce Development Program
Frozen grapes and a movie!! Nuthin is better than that!
Plenty of fish out there so they say but yet its always that one out there u want.
Next few weeks are booked! I'm sifting through, literally looking for isolated, un-claimed hours to get stuff done.
Who should I be mad at after the helicopters for the #OccupyDC raid woke me at 5:50am. They did not wake my son, then there would be blood.
#Saratoga loves Hawaiian Poke Bowl! Downtown Saratoga evening market right now till 6:30pm Wed nights!
Pick a time and ill inform them :)
Finally sent design files off to our printers (Volume 17, 18)! A few rounds of internal color proofing and we'll be on our way! Stay tuned.
Maybe we'll meet here at #Hpmkt... rain rain STAY away! Forgot my cheetah print umbrella! Darn.
I was cooking 5 things at a time, and my chicken stir fry caught on fire, and the fire alarm went off, i started crying and i called my (c)
I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care.
I've gotten really good at this whole procrastination thing.
(cont) can use whatever they want, and drop a crew whenever that's why they had double elimination cuz viewers dropped from last
If you appreciate irony, I help people find jobs through social media and would happily lend a hand.
Going undefeated all dah wayy baby!!!!
I have spent the last 4years developing such an incredible hatred for higher edu., I may start a business for vocational school advocacy
If you gotta tell me sumn just tell me! Quit hiding stuff
Excited for a few projects coming up
So, I just met with my SECRET ADVISERS, and they say go to the PAC. Except for , who want to go to the "Mars League."
"Culture eats strategy for breakfast" Peter Drucker
Lord. Hope to see a submission from you.
Heavy rotation in my iTunes is &
How do make the apple tho
1 more day
Looking for a good example of a lease agreement for a horse barn in North Carolina. Thanks in advance for anything you can share.
pisces are the best!!!...
I AM SO SORRY :(
Finally watched last nights "2 & a half men" Really funny show!!! "Did you just see a big cat, holding a churo stick?" LMAO
Thank god this week is almost over <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Seeing the strongest person you know break down, is one of the most heartbreaking experiences.
Ahahah damn havent been on dis twitter game in a minute lmao :p
what's tmj
No matter what time I go to watch a movie at the theatre, I always expect it to be dark outside.
The trail of dust can make future stars or blackholes.
How do you feel about the decision to do it in 3D?
What am I going Thru ... Ya'll Baby child Now got a Child <---but We dealin with Childish Ish from Senior Children plus er body below Dem!
Why is it that I wait for bumper to bumper traffic to decide I need to take a piss?
Distressed by the sudden realization that the color of my tee-shirt is less "bronzed twig" than it is "baby poop."
@ oklahomabelle hi - i love fajitas too! love how all the ingredients are separate so if there are leftovers, you can use in other recipes.
tks it looks really fun
oh where did you get that quote? I disagree, of course. Haven't seen his movie yet. Have you?
You and Nicki Manaj are the greatest things to happen to me.
In exactly the same boat! An extra day between Sunday and Monday this week would really be useful.
the more pics u take of your self the more distant your taken yourself from a good guy, he can be right down the street and you wont no
i'm partial to the people :)
"If we learn to get over being afraid, that is the biggest part of the battle and the war has been WON!" #Victory ~Ben Evans
Storms on the water are so beautiful... especially when it is all sunny on the beach. This was in Siesta Key, Florida.
Have faith lil darlin, your dreams will come true. Trust. Love. Truth.
Celebrating 13 years of marriage with my man today
#Today is Friday - thinking about getting life in perspective--first thanking our mothers. #Happy Mother's Day, everyone!
Stop Smoking Reality TV Show Hop-on will be finalizing the TV Show “Sizzle Reel” before the end of year and seeking TV/cable distribution.
I don't think I'd ever want to see Galaxy Quest ever again. It was just terrible.
I fucken hate red lights!!
Great hearing all the positive feedback from the San Diego legal community!
loll. Dude.. This dude from Mexico was talking to me. Lol
