I think I need one.. but Im stuck baby sitting 3 kids.. so, not a good idea lol
just gonna go ahead and remove florida from the bucket list.....
A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession. Albert Camus
"Ethics, Biogenetics and Society" with Karen Rader changed my course from literature to politics and social sciences!
I miss laying out on east green with friends.
Thanks for the Favorite
Wow ima slap this guy right now. Not my fault you're having a bad day & you're stressed out. DONT take it out on me now.
people who tweet about their whole life on twitter
It's always the people you never think will walk out of your life that end up leaving
Great Lakes Market Wheat - a slice of Bavaria in a glass! Nice clovey spice notes; very refreshing and more-ish.
I agree we haven't had a premiere RB since Ahman Green first couple years before knee injury.
Nah Hellen hits me as a stickler for rules.
I lay outside for 20 minutes and I'm sunburnt. Lolol
Thanks for the S/O.
What a chop by Smith.
I have recently discovered the picture you took on my phone haha!
btw you and J must get on Words w/ Friends- you can download it free from the app store! It's like digital, improved Scrabble.
Pee farts are the best.
Dang Boy Your Fine...!
im back at school!!!
you're doing it wrong...I've played with bouncy balls.
It's something you guys should consider! I can use 2GB easily... 3GB for $30 is just right. PS: loving the service so far!
RT : Sen Conway, envt cmte chair, just said she likes the bag bill cosponsors so much that she sees the bill getting out of cmte!
what's up! How was Drake?
this dude right here needs the bottle wheres it at?
Follow Me Babe
hahaha! It's not my fault it's such a catchy song!
my mom is watching what she calls 'the norwegian sopranos'
I know its confusing whats going on.
Do not like
smelt like mush! lol
since when do they need a ref for a hell in a cell match?
< Yes indeed gota give thanks to the bigg man upstairs! BTW that's really awesome.. where are you from?
Child Abuse - Eye Doctors Asked To Look Out For Signs - Medical News Today
About laydown my head hurt my stomach hurt I feel like I'm gone pass out ugh.
That was one weird tasting starburst..
How can the Dow be down? I thought THE BILL saved the world!
My pleasure. I appreciate your responding.
Money from Strangers is my new favorite show!!! :p
I had a funny feeling about that... #cry #outrage #JerrySpringer:TheTwitterMusical
Is it nap time yet?
A man and his cat is a beautiful thing
I can't sleep :/
Lol well its true RT : you know your doing good when my ninja the dericious one agrees!
Love u more!!! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764> RT : Out for lunch with one of the loves of my life <U+2764> this young lady. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
lobster roll for dinner, undecided on dessert
My mom says Maksim is going to be be the next Bachelor (the Russian version) Where do I sign up??
Don't you just love complete thoughts... ;)
Thinking about a drink after work? Come by tonight to enjoy some live music by , good company, & a nice cold beer
Recording new demos this week. Can't wait :)
amazing dinner tonight - Nancy Silverton & Mario Batali, you are geniuses
lend me some sugar, i am your neighbor
Come check out our renovations and new menu. Not your average bar food.
we have name tags for that :)
And hello to you! I trust that the poetry is still slamming?
DURAN DURAN YES PRAISE THE LORD. HUNGRY LIKE THE WOLF
still coming to the Boro this weekend though right?
Tonight is spinning your favs & some stuff that should be your fav! 10pm! $2PBR, $5 food, 1/2 off Tequila shots. Be here!
Yes, when you (police) don't use tear gas or pepper spray, the decrease in litigation costs can be quite impressive!
Saw Miggy at Heat/ Cavs game tonight. Drinking bottled water all night, laying off the hot dogs too. Good sign.
At least I can look down and see my ankles, lol.
Check out the blog! New posts and more tomorrow. W.sunrisetosunsetblog.com
Do these #s matter?? new forms of the matrix... twitter facebook created to keep us plugged in and unconscious, just a conspiracy thought!
must be very.. Sweet ;)
- Next Year .
#IWouldTextYouMoreIf you didn't take a gajillion years to text back -.-
it's a myth that many blindly buy into and defend against "dangerous encroachments" like gay marriage
And oh yeah...Pancit....Can u say, yyyuuummmyyy!
We could get you a cot next to the #SuperTreadmill. RT : Athletic Republic poster boy
Up to almost 70k after some run good! The late reg strategy seems to be working so far.
Oh wooaaaahhh, trust issues.
That is all very awesome news! Can't wait to read.
Road Runners - is almost full! Register ASAP
For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled. ~ Richard Feynman
just because a baptism turned into a little drowning
From #bigblue to #blueshirts. Let's get them swamp rats!!!!!
agreed. Was just there yesterday. Victory at Sea still on tap
Q: Why don't blind people like to sky dive? A: Because it scares the hell out of the dog.
So wait! You're back on at Jett Lounge!?!
People will learn. Eventually.
Of that there is no surprise.
all of the NFL's players wives got together and locked them out of their houses while they were playing football
I'm at end now. Most people online hated it. 2 hours of play left in my first run through it.
I love u !!! Had the best time at OC Fair concert! <3 best night of my life! :D
ref had been truly awful. You here or watching on TV? Announcers also skeptical of the ref?
Muscles recover and rebuild gradually. Drink lots of water.
they not ready for my cooking tho. have niggas falling in love way to fast lol
Hello Mr Worilds.
I don't know why, but somehow I manage to forget I have a charger in my car.
Potato soup without the chives from Colton's >>>>
no I can't find one.sorry
RT I check campaign finance reports on to learn about candidates and elections. That's how I
“: Sonos rocks!!!” he sure does have winning qualities!!! The whole package!
Sleeping until 6:25 on purpose >
Gosh...... People need to stop asking of I'd pee on them or "watersports" <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Fuck my legs
I don't care anymore.
nigga deffinalty! But I cant for get about the young sco's! Lol
How do the two relate??
Isn't that LAX?
If you like what you hear, pass the website address on to a friend - www.freekshowradio.com
HAHAHAHA. Hacked by your girlfriend :D
Woohooooo for guilty pleasures!!
no, thank goodness! No pie cookies let me down at the craft show.
I missed you this weekend!
Food. Music. In abundance and excellence. New Orleans. No place like it.
I know he's not the cutest guy in the world, but still, there's something about him that makes my heart drop to my feet.
Tweet me please? I love you <3
Ten more minutes in #mkeday. Let's make the most of it.
Yes, i agree. Thanks for reading "Reflections' and have a great weekend.
Getting on the metro with Leslie & Diana (:
haha that depends where your located
It is delicious. How's OK?
I spend half my time on pinterest unsubscribing from boards about deserts, womens fashion, and weddings.
"How can we represent this movie in the least exciting way possible" -the makers of the lackluster Hunger Games poster
Had the wizard for long jump today, oh kelly, what a great guy
do you need to be given mouth to mouth.
wish i could say i had good memories with atleast more then 5 people at dhs, you all make me misrible
Jenfek is playing ground zero april 2nd come out come out where ever you are
... Dude that was plan and simply awful .... I have no clue what I just watched .... (shakes head) I'm going to bed !!!!
doing yoga with my bro>>
This group shit is soo wack. I'd rather take a nap then be in this group
yeah Israel tends to "violate" the ceasefire whenever Hamas shoots rockets at them. Go figure...
2-0 baby! Way to go Walker!
New icon!
Oddly, I didn't have any bad wedding dreams during our 12 1/2 month engagement. Weird for me as I always have bad dreams.
Staats spoke Mahican and Haudenosaunee languages as well as English. He negotiated with indians and English
that was a dark time.
hes a bum. i dont want him to play anymore i swear omg
You think doing this Monday woulda changed anything? I think the both of us have enough NC experience to know otherwise.
Listening to Back Porch Music on makes doing house work on a full moon Friday night not so bad!
we in that thang
Call me stuppid .. But just learn that has its own account!!! o.o
whatever. you guizesssss still love me. I don't give a fuqqqqqqq ~
Of coarse you did <U+E40E> lolvRT“: I knew that <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B5>”
When life is good...... Life is good!
not because *
Hi Andrew, Please DM your email address & the order #. I can try to cancel the order for you. Thanks, LM
Ah!!! Romo!! #DallasCowboys Loving this turn around!
Can't forget to buy girl scout cookies this month.
I'm popping off in your hood NO COMPANY ...
To cleanse the palate! Nice to have a fresh start before you move onto a new set of flavors.
I'm sure you're a softie when the day is done... Don't have to be the hard assed rocker all the time (do you?)
Hm...maybe Horror Fest?
I'll save you!
Thanks to for the wonderful interview he arranged with Zig Ziglar for the mastermind conference!
Feelings mutual.
AZ Gov race tightens with Dean Martin out. Can there be sufficient concensus now in Brewer vs Goddard? Is Mills a factor at all?
I kid you not, I stood up at a table of strangers and stuck my finger at him and said, "Brian Juneau would NEVER do this to me."
don't do TOO much...you know I don't need much fanciness to be happy! So excited for #snca12 !
Thank god its raining
Beautiful faces, grotesque faces, lawyers, the whole spectrum of human glory and depravity.
All I want for Christmas is to celebrate a Detroit Lions playoff birth!
lol sorry hermano. I had to run and get to work. I will probably be seeing u more depending on Carlos trial schedule
You are assuming I know who you are. I don't...and I become less interested by the second
celtics at home - no doubt!!!
gonna get the game in? My daily fantasy league relies on it
Always in the non-television games. Whoa. Bogut with a dunk that you may typically see out of someone crazy athletic.
Instead of the FL sun I woke up to gloomy Cleveland skies today. Couldn't I have at least had some #CLE sun to transition me back?!?
How are you spending the last Saturday of Sac Beer Week?
Haven't been on for awhile. Im bored...so...hi? lol O.o
I sense a trap and/or lawsuit.
the only criterion is excellence
Of course I know what answer I'd be happiest to hear—that the cloud is a green win.
I've never heard of Blake Shelton. I wish I'd never heard of Adam Levine.
We miss you Vin! Get well soon.
I keep processing the slush but the queue never gets smaller. When will it end? *weeps quietly*
It's official I have a gym membership! Shit just got serious!
#BICSI cocktail hour!!! Hope I can find my tickets.
love austin
I know..Hay otras más que se ven bien rip-off de A Song of Ice and Fire.
“: Elway said he wanted to move down, and by golly he has done just that... #Broncos” no shit!
Today, we're excited to sit down with to discuss music and our mission to end child sex trafficking.
Yeah you better. What you need is someone to help you not think about being sick :)
I may have a lot of problems, I may not be the prettiest girl, i may not be the kindest, but I'm sure as hell as good as I can be. Accept it
RIP paw paw ....I have nothing else to say!
he is pretty amazing.
its just that i already bought all the other houses on the block so i am a bit short at the miment.
Ima Cut The Sleeves Off My Blazer Just To See How It Looks..
Minecraft is an art
I wasnt invited
I think it's funny how the people who were popular in middle school are now hoes
Young til I die!... I like it!
Used to be a shocker... Now it's just expected with a runner at 3rd
laying in bed.
Groan - - morning. Up too early. Hm, who could I drag into this event-filled whacky whirlpool of fun I'm about to call 'my day?'
did you know- there are FREE Culinary demos at #tasteofdc all weekend!
Patchwork LB has finally arrived! Come on down to Marine Stadium Park @ Appian/Nieto for the best indie arts/crafts fest around. 11AM-5PM!
Can you follow me because I can't DM you=) Thanks and Yes!!!
yeah I was thinking we just dump all our trash on their yard. Also, dead animals.
#np <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>How did you know cuz I never told, you found out, I've got a crush on you<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><U+2764>
RT : For every check-in at DAG , or during the month of May, we're donating $5 to the
yo man? Does barbosa still play up there?
Happy Birthday!!!! Cheers!!!!
definitely agreed. Thanks for sharing with us! We definitely love to know what the fans think about the gentlemen :)
thanks for your vote!! spread the word!
#add #shourdy99 #on #youtube #tell #a #freind #!!!
the Agave plant takes between 8 to 12 years to mature before it can be sent to the distillery to make Tequila
Despite the fact that there is so much darkness and hate and difficulty in this world,the weapon we have is love,still love.That's enough4me
S/O to all the people who wont be high tomorrow!
Why is Twitter so awesome?
some #FF love for our favorites:
I'm not going to lie, I was a little uncomfortable during Nicki Minages' performance. By a little bit, I mean alot.
great job pal!
RT I can't wait to watch this Butler/VCU game. Might be one of the best of all time. I'm calling it now
The one I'd recommend you can't get on DVD: THE UNINVITED (1944). Also recommend the Dorothy Macardle novel.
#Indianapolis Jan. 20 we return to the with The Lemonheads. You can get pre-sale tickets from us. Can't wait to see you.
I wish itunes had an app that prevented me from buying the same song twice.
#WhyDoIAlways get so jealous and protective over you, when you're not even mine.
me either! I've been watching it all weekend! Haha #I'mlame
: heres a huge big wet kiss
thx for the follow ;)
be there in about 20 to 25 min.
I love my husband so much <3 lol
Thank you to Wellington Elementary School for the donation drive for supplies to send out to the troops!! You all are the best & good job!
will you please follow me please please please :) PLEASE
I fucking hate homework & school. Why do we need school anyway? We're already stupid.
Mayor Nutter announces new Commissioner of Licenses & Inspections Carlton Williams!
Thanks to Mayor Mike Procuk for endorsing me for CC Prosecuting Attorney.
I'm already awaiting my V-burger at Veggie Grill! Maybe next time you could give a heads up? I doubt he will...
And once it became clear Dillard couldn't do his, RR should have taken him out.
don't do it again.
i love DC hip hop
Papa was a rolling stone
3 hours into 2012 and gets his hand covered in vomit and carries a stranger-drunk/dead man-into his home.
happy birthday !
FONESTY (Fox + Honesty) for the day: Jay Cutler's nickname in middle school was Bitchmaster. If it wasn't it sure have been.
RT : Sales of Al Green's "Let's Stay Together" spiked 490% the week after Obama sang a few bars
from what we see christmas is really big for you.. Whats your christmas wish? :)
Trying to finish up Crimson Shadow by
No hitter gone. 3-2 game. Tigers vs. Angels.
And, thanks to a few more for your interest:
Dude, your range really shows in #Climax! Love that song! You need to do more of that!
Such an amazing day today.
haha… THANK YOU :) you gonna be in Topeka?
I wish I lived near my parents. Miss my mommy and daddy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A8>
bravo pizza off of union sq. this thing is literally perfect
I'm sure it's lovely where you are :) for some reason I thought you lived in NC... or England..
Someone decided Bristol Palin needed a TV show. I give up!
Yesterday was such a reflection of where will our souls will spend eternity every moment day person is so special lets make it happenDNicole
RT "well, we don't have wells to water camels anymore"- Julie in a "finding husbands" context;)
who made the edit?
getting super excited for #ispany12 conference next week!
"Because God forbid I exude confidence and enjoy sex."
I'm cleaning up my act little by little.
Just read that our local post office is under evaluation. I really hope it doesn't get shut down.
ya it is
lord please help me
lets fast forward to saturday
#thewayiseeit you are wrong and you will always be wrong! Just admit to your mistakes because what you did truly wasn't right!
Thanks to my man
Anna, and I have too much fun with cameras and pomegranate seeds
North Side is where I live Ahaha
Give me your tumblr url's:) I wanna follow all of you x -R
Want the recliner too?? RT : Loving that is moving because I'm getting all of his old stuff #fofree score
I almost got arrested
Smh busted my ass for nothing. I don't even think I can blame god this time. Its all me.
nevermind .. im not going to school tomorrow but I need you to do something for me. do you have your phone on you?
Would love suggestions on the best blogs in #socialbiz What do you read?
Take me, for instance.
Stop holding onto what hurts and make room for what feels good.
"Let's make some Lemonade..." "Sell it." "Make a profit." "Cheers" And then live happily ever after."
Go #cardinals I'm repping my team hard in #wrigleyville tonight!
Mini specials tonight and tomorrow!!! Come carb load with a chicken penne pasta and salad for $9.99!
True fans don't have "other" teams.
MINDLESS BEHAVIOR < EVERY BAND IN THE WORLD !
I would rather be ignored than deliberately seek attention.
If you're looking for a sweet-sorta-sour snack, try chocolate almond butter with a granny smith apple....
I agree rebakes
Bobcats would blow them out by at least 30... You obviously know nothing about sports.
Got up just to walk Alicia and Sarah to the bus stop. I'm a good friend.
You know it's not a good morning when you have to call a family member out for speaking in an egregiously wrongful way to an underage girl.
#CERAWEEK Kissinger says his outstanding characteristic is not humility
Cute boys that compliment you are nice.
love the new avi!!!!!! Made me smile!
because his play today is exception not rule : Why isn't Joe Flacco considered a upper echelon QB?
dope! Yeah for sure man. My home's in chicago these days but next time i'm back in boston let's def get up.
If your dude remembers your eye color after the first date, then you probably have small titties.
RonPaul campaign put the lie to supposed small gov crowd. He gave them what they claimed to want, not what they really wanted.
RT : sometimes winning ugly is enough. // we didn't win ugly today though - that was a thing of beauty! 26-9!
when people take pictures of them smoking and then they get a 10000 comments saying how bad that is and then they stop
Location and flow of information in neighborhood specific sites, mapped by notices on poles, is another e-network worth mapping.
It's late, but thanks for the "tweeps of the week" mention on Friday. All the best!
Partnership means that we work together, not that you try to sell me something.
I NEVER want to install 'HP Printer Software Update'. Threw the printer away years ago. How do I get rid of it?
I got to sleep in :) life is good
is there a baseball player on the planet with more pure talent than Josh Hamilton?
I just might break the space/time continuum meeting myself coming and going. O_O If a singularity appears, run!
To me, the writing game is the most existential and weird when you're home on Saturday night googling "Cheez-Its" to fact check your essay.
Thank you!
Watching Romneybot talking to a group of students in Ohio. They look like they are struggling to stay awake.
RT “All wealth is the product of labor." -- John
#chicultural2012 How can you get involved more?? Attend one of the following...
RT : On par only with Anon.? YES! I think they collaborate quite a bit.
Half of my face is numb from my root canal today! But still managed 2 attend my producer's session callback & BOOKED THE ROLE! YAY DENTISTS
hanging with at work she is a travel agent its an awesome job(: <3
packer playoff throw down ?!
MADNESS BABY!
you are and awesome guitarrist lml
Asked an assembly of 4-6th graders why King was famous.The 1st answer I go was that "He freed the slaves".I've got that answer 2 many times
Thanks for following - Was thrilled to be included in the post on how new grads can stand out while interviewing!
oooohh, I like that!
RT : Heading to to do some awesome massages!!!
We agree. Thank you for the compliment on the idea. The website is only the tip...
I told moms happy mothers day last night at 12am
Checking out the new Neal Casal (from The Cardinals..R.I.P.) record on Spotify.
Attempted murder gets 5 years with a reduced sentence; out in 18 months. Steal money running a hedge fund and get 20 years with no parole.
Black, white, mexican, asian, who gives a rat. God made us all the same, who are you to judge God creation. Nobody, exactly what I thought
assembly plastic The Airsoft Skirmish Game
Great call w/ this morning. Excited to work with you guys, and thanks for the marathon training advice!
ADD is, in fact, EAT - excessive attention talent. It's not that I'm not paying attention to 1 thing, I'm paying attention to 20!
So is mrs. at all interested in the #KentuckyDerby?
I'm pretty sure rhinos are just obese unicorns.
When are we gunna have our Movie Montage??
Just saw a little boy with cowboy boots on and a shirt that said moustache man.. Ah so cutr
I wanna travel to Puerto Rico.
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
#Palmbeach #Womens Int'l #Filmfestival getting great entries from around the world. Don't be left out, enter today at www.pbwiff.com
DYK: U can puree (mix in a blender) most anything u eat & feed it to ur baby. Instant baby food, not processed. Save the jars for trips. EZ!
I told u ur my twitter bf . Still in love not for you looks but you and your passion for everyone
Get ready for the Jimmy Buffet concert. Book your limo for Pittsburgh's favorite summer concert.
Friedens Communtiy Ministries and Board of Directors would like to thank all that supported Strike Out Hunger Bowl-A-Thon 2012.
New visual effects just added look freakn sweet.
Need emergency or preventive Hydro Jetting Services??? HTTP://WWW.HYDROJETTINGSERVICE.COM Call the Xtreme Team Today 858-583-1798
And yet I can't hide them well. Ugh.
hey! you! I'd tweet at u but I'm talking about ALL of you! Become our fans on facebook NOW! www.facebook.com/SilverProductionsMV
#Tebow to the Jets! Look out #Sanchez it's
Perfect weather to spend the afternoon working from Napa Valley.
It was amazzinnngg
Agreed! They couldn't have read their own catalogs and contracts before suing?
For many people, one of the most frustrating aspects of life is not being able to understand other people's behavior.
The NYU Housing web portal is currently unavailable as part of our server upgrade. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Keller Williams is back this evening for another show! Show starts at 9pm & we'll have tickets at the door - come on down...
We are finalising new tabbar functionality ... you'll be able to fix it to the bottom of any screen you want. We'll keep you posted.
Give him KO of the night, Anybody who Mentions Pizza and Ice Cream in the Post Fight Interview is a Hero in my Book
More retro #madmen ads: Google+
Spent the morning at the Dunbar Fall Festival and attended an event in Charleston's West Side to discuss juvenile issues in the afternoon.
I love ur tweets (: they are adorable!! Plus, you're really cute!! <3
Thanks for keeping us updated. Sitting on pins and needles here. I hope it's nothing too serious. Congrats again on last night.
New Haven!
Probably up there with "oh when are you due?" on the "List of Things You Wait to Ask Until You Have Confirmation"
damn dood. we had our AHL team out there today!
Can I get a high five.
A2: At , we actually measure job satisfaction, then share it with users. It always makes for interesting data.
RT- good little sister and make the coffee/// nice.... spreadin the love
I so think is way prettier than !
Any Vicodin left?
Thx for the mention! RT 's maps are totally cool. And not just because of the tie in.
Catching up on the DVR, waiting for the #Brewers game to start.
Driving through the Everglades listening to on with ...
The fuck?! Everyone I know says that it's tomorrow.
I really enjoyed Wench. Looking forward to reading the new novel!
late start today! that means i get to watch spiderman 3 this morning :D
": I am a Celtics fan and it is only in my nature to hate on the Lakers when they are doing horrible (:"
Rock Bottom Brewery: Lunch- patio, river, riverwalk, great beer, great food. Try the summer special Turkey Burger!!
1724 South Manhattan Avenue Tampa, FL. 33629 Remember we are going to be at the Coleman track tomorrow due to the Gasparilla run.
#FF the fabulous because if she were here, she'd have gladly murdered anyone I'd asked her to. She's a great friend.
How's this for #awkward: Hi, umm I'm a research tool, uhh will you try me out? Think I just won the marathon.
bahh.. we are all plugged in up here...
you should have talked to Richard Spangled more! He was great. (Im his granddaughter and am so proud.) thanks for having him
good luck! why the 7-month hiatus?
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled
Good morning Uniondale Warped Tour! Good to be back in NYC area! Come visit the our tent! Big signing today, announcing shortly!
It's so weird after doing a bunch of 5K/10Ks to be doing a 1 mile race tonight. Shooting for low 6 minutes, I guess.
Why is Harvey Keital yelling at the refs? Go #Cavs!
Change in beers tomorrow night. Buy a Coopers Draft at REVO tomorrow and $1 goes to Street Angels!!!
got it! #WHOOP!!! She touch her toes and hit the flooooo BOWWW!
Follow me on instagram
José Peppers after the AP Test. Awesome.
Hey - you're not following me so I can't DM you back.
I know ain't still up
coming up at 11...police officer known as "Batman" lives up to his nickname when he jumps in to save a woman and her son
Hey Chicago tomorrow is Walk to Work Day! www.activetrans.org/walktowork2010 Check it out, the weather is supposed to be PERFECT for it!
Final exams graded, thanks to the 8yo attending a birthday party and a couple of new My Little Ponies as distraction for the 4yo.
Thank you. I'll keep an eye out there.
Just talked rep (#networksolutions). Ignore email sent today saying must pay (again) for private registration - sent in error.
solidarity wi is very cool. Raw, honest, and very needed.
Nope. Give them one week do deal. SO I believe release on mon. Weekend rest and press release statement. This is guess.
Model #3: Risk-based Population Carve-Out: All care for one individual is in one place - traditional MCO or special population MCO/ASO.
fast five never gets old
THE AVENGERS WAS AN AMAZING MOVIE <3 soo happy I saw it (:
I'm an East Side Dark girl, myself, but if the lottery cooperates, I'm buying whatever the good people of Brew City desire!
see you soon!! xoxo
Don't let anyone or anything steal your joy because they didn't give it to you
RT-) Perhaps the full moon had something to do with it?
Aloha! The conference is going well. I hope I have time soon to explore and tour the island.
Change the way you think about a situation
saved buddy.
Congratulations to for selling to all 3 stores!
Congrats to and #themagic for making the Final 4 at the #RealDeal in Ark.
you and are too cute on YouNow, but im getting salty because of your mic!!
Sticking with #ZXDonut 2.5.1 as my everyday ROM. It has been a better experience than #SuperD or
Try milk...
just now saw it? You're going to be kicked out of the geek club.
Caller: I'm a family practitioner and I appreciate Planned Parenthood taking care of our female patients in Ohio.
turning into a
What "shit" did I say about her?
Same! I saw they confirmed ATL & I remembered they were part of the challenge, so I was CERTAIN they were coming :(
i know, and knowing our luck theres probably going to be like two questions on the regents...
Lol RT : --> RT : What boobs are people talking about #lost :D
is making crash-hot potatoes ~ recipe courtesy of ktbird!
"Global donkey inequities mimic the human world's inequities." -- Andy Merrifield, 'The Wisdom of Donkeys', p. 191.
My goal for my 21st......go on a cruise during that year.
Thanks to everyone who participated in the contest! Happy Friday, y'all!
140 MILLION TWEETS (X 25 WORDS). Now what do we do? Make children read long paragraphs (in textbooks). Should we care? Change your thinking.
P.S. If you have any advice for blogging on Tumblr, let me know! Also, I've set up a FeedBurner RSS if you'd like to follow me :)
I need to unfriend some weirdos on facebook
Just slept 14 hours. I feel like a brand new person!
Really with the weather warning drill crap during playoff hockey ...
": "Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go."- Hermen Hesse"
Researching content for a LibGuide
Red wine and orange leaf to finish this crazy day of traveling!
Brian Scalabrine walks back to his seat, gets cheers from
Jackass @ Best Buy-"Get your manager & a tape measure, there's NO WAY that TV is 55 inches!"
Now accepting Film/Script subs 4 GSIFF in Oct.
Was up?x
"Never doubt that a small group of commited people can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has."~M Mead
This is what it looks like when my cat types on my keyboard!: I POSSESS A BLOOD-FILLED ORB THAT THROBS WITH THE SORROWS OF THE EARTH MEOW
woot woot! “: "Gen Y: flexible, confident, social & team-oriented, personalized" #PRSADetroitDiversity”
It was quite the circus around here! Looking forward to having you in.
- you are a trip. Now that was funny
Google "social media policy generator" to find tools to help you establish your org's policy.
Sarah Hotchkiss talks about Young Astronaut club tonight at 5pm PDT, followed by great writers reading at 851, and maybe something more...
Had an amazing dinner with old and new friends at #Scarpetta last night. Lots of fun L'Impero stories flying about!
Great deal on #Groupon? Credit Suisse initiates $GRPN with Neutral Rating and $25 price target. Shares down over 7% to $21.55.
feeding her
Cool. , just opened, is a vintage bike museum as well as a shop. Oldey timey photobooth. Events. Grand weirdness.
He asked my sign I said a Sag! <U+E056>
I love you too! And it's okay I promise!
We made it back home safe!
I Land in san diego thursday night. Anyone up for breakfast or lunch friday?
Shocker..What song?
When I was a kid the temple inlegends of the hidden temple scared the shit out of me.
I can't wait til the women's college game catches up, the passive no shooting guards few dominant post players, Smh
In examinations the foolish ask questions that the wise cannot answer.
Hahahahahaha!! I screw em all day! RT Yeah baby you shove those pins into that part
Good effort and hard work can overcome even the toughest obstacles!
If the Lakers don't neglegt D, they can sweep any team in the league PERIOD
dont take this the wrong way cause im just wondering but do you belive in the devil?
Any of my fashion-friendly journalist friends want to come to a men's fashion event in Chelsea Tuesday or Wednesday - just drop a note: cmu…
20% off grooming in May, includes facials, pawdicures, creative grooms, stencil designs & much more!
Don't be sneaking up in here fuck face -_-
hey baby ill be your bestie any day.
One of my managers quit, two part time night gals called in sick, our heavy display of screws & nails fell over... Bring it on day...
greatly appreciates customers that pay a .45 fee to use their debit card to buy our gas. We love you!
gotta keep your best friend healthy!
Thanks, that's two votes for the LU-21. How horrible-sounding are the painted ukes?
I would never betray my best friend. Seriously, they knows too much!
yes you do. When you only have 6 hours to shoot with the actors sometimes you have to scramble. :)
needs to get home!
Two more periods
how has it been recording the new album? Hope u r having a fantistic time with the boys(:
If you log in you'll see answers and have the ability to post an answer
I agree tami always saying she's the way she is b/c of her life u know what there is always someone who's had it worse then u
thanks yours turned out great- and of course was "featured"! #BNHP will get there someday :)
I love you, too!!
#iNeedThat an extreme relationship makeover.
Thanks to all for your kind thoughts. The cyst is gone and all went well. Sent me home with 4 stitches.
The renaming of iCal to Calendar and Address Book to Contacts in OS X 10.8 gives me hope that a simplified, iOS-style Music app may be next.
Obama is visiting the Rubin Museum, one of the coolest in NYC. Ya!
401k doesn't save $$. Pay freeze already past 5+yrs. Hurts recruit/retain. Narr takes us away fr real fixes. 2 much rhetoric?
I would love new followers... You know I'm almost too 700 =)
I am intimate with that moment of inner chaos leading ultimately to a cathartic calm after the last blistering swat is applied.
#Library Technical Services Specialist needed in #Baltimore! Specializing in Serials and Cataloging.
Check out Harrison Houde... Has great comedic talent.
I'm Craving Buffalo Wings 14 min Crispy and Hot
May is National High Blood Pressure Education Month and Stroke Awareness Month. 1 in 3 U.S. adults have high blood pressure.
Mood: Hurt Feelinq: Heartbroken.. Gosh Life Is Hard For Meh Right Now...
Franz Wright will be coming to on March 15th!
Saw "It's Always Sunny..." today with Danny DeVito in Skinny Jeans! Too Damn Funny! Think Gru in Despicable Me...LOL!
hey. Happy Birthday hun
Granite City man has collection of nearly 1,000 ethnic outfits
idl yet..bc of that nato summit event going on downtown i have a 5 day weekend, we should link up
more excited for which fall release: #borderlands2 #darksiders2 or #bioshockinfinite ?
If you would live your life with ease; do what you ought, not what you please. ~ Author Unknown
Grab a girlfriend and rock that joint!
~ Interested in an internship with Champ'SõL Sports Marketing? Email
Ha Ha Ha that pic is hilarious!
yes, regular constructive and caring feedback
is just 4 people away from 100 followers!! the 100th will get a FREE SHIPPING code! did you refer the lucky duck? then you'll get one too!!
IT'S LIKE THAT & that's the way it is.
stop being a better person than I am! Also did not really mean to retweet!
so it's been a month since I've dated this boy....yet he hasn't texted me in two days. I'm not clingy or anything, but really?....
haha (: I had just eaten fries !
But I'm not soo ;)
So. Tired.
#wildwesley wobble what what
What are you halloween plans this weekend? Staying at home, going out?
I love having clients that are committed to reaching their goals! You can just see it in their eyes...good stuff!!
Going to sleep
I could live with both of those no problem. I really just want the best option for low light stills.
Okay, who is your favorite political activist?
thanks a ton! Happy funday to you too!
Ditto that ...but bantering will pick up again w/ our ALA presentation work eh? yea!
Not that one, it's a different guy who yells, "Kettle corn, who wants some" every few minutes.
So, heard you go off on this morning. Showed how thin-skinned, hypocritical and insulated you are. He was right
Now, I'm a Tiramisu delivery boy...
Good run today. Finally got my knee back in good shape. Buckets!
*clinches asshole way beyond tight*
Women to Watch: Music Foundation job a daily source of inspiration for Catrina Guttery
*I'm sexy and I know it!*
Wow - the rare free throw opportunity for hornung. up 39-36 over the cadets just after half time.
okay just checking :D
DAAAAAAAMMMM GIRL WAT THE HELL IS THAT ON YO LIP
I am lovin all this Tebow stuff, I believe
Got to love it when is gettin makeup on the breaks and TK is just keepin it real
LOL!! Thought I recognized you from behind Rick ;)
why is still upset about people making fun of lizton this weekend? lmao
I like boy who wear braces , plays guitar , can sing amazingly , from Texas & he's gonna be 16 tomorrow .
great running into you again. Keep my card and hit me up for some promos!
For Your Consideration:
amazing video, you never cease to amaze us, bieber. <3
Fuck what you heard; Regonize what you see.
Foreigners too!
Please say this is a lie.RT : Why hello there angry birds update with new levels. Let's curl up and play so you can frustrate me.
Rolling Stones Monopoly at B&N. Someone, please buy this for me.
AFX - Chosen Lords in my ears again. XMD 5a = nice. :)
how impressive was TWood at the plate, though? Love the 1.000 batting average!
#mythoughtsduringschool ...is it time to go yet?
You do realize that you+me+guitar+drumset= eargasm, don't you? Basically it's a crime to others that we aren't making music.
Austin Mahone. My Inspiration<U+2665> You bring so much to my life without even knowing it :') Thank You
Excited for my auditions this week! Always stay positive and keep believing:)
me too :) my day would be better Lolol.
When you try on your super adorable outfit for your mom so she can see if it is dress code.:p
The chances are very good for both. BCS bowl or title? Have you been to any open practices?
“: Seussical is amazing!! Jason marks is outstanding ” Thank you, Cyndi!! I appreciate that!
Explosions in the sky are on stage and it's beautiful music
Checking in at FRED Wildlife Refuge for a conference. I'm summoning you from the woodworks, my party mountain cohorts...
how the hell can you get back stage passes for for 2013 in boston? -.-
follow back mate
Im pissed. Im tired as fuck
Ah! Thanks so much!
Ugh, so over niggas...
I just wanted u to know so u don't think u fall too fast haha
can we try one more, one more time?
Half effort gets half results!
Great Corney Joke - Love it!
Your personal researcher! (in 140 characters or less). Tweet your questions to and we'll do the research for you.
#irallstars Where do you link to IR from? UMass creates Selected Works page f/ faculty profiled by PR office. Metadata helps Google find it.
uh oh! Let me know if you're coming, cutie. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><U+274C><U+2B55><U+274C><U+2B55>
I taped out my last session
I'm trying to get it out so no1 else'll get hacked. The other 1 lost like 5k cuz of it! :( follow her
welcome to Twitter sir
DeSean Jackson finally arrives to Eagles training camp today.
Big Sean is really is annoying on this Til I Die song. This is his song not Chris. Im mad chris says pretty much nothin on this song :(
In first round of bracket play, Houston Hoops over Charlotte Select 55-50
Well said :) MT : Parking is always a +, also love shops near CTA... walking distance, for the win!
Ok now that we smoked a bleezie I think got his head on straight and and will get us to the playoffs.
Everyone go follow !!!
thats sick crack is wack this is calvin beno's boy this is my artist page take a listen an let me know what u think
have they been promoting it
I swear I have had to read12,000 emails this weekend... Still have another grand before I can finish my report. Got dammit.
did you demand the ball every possession?
11 miles on the mount Vernon trail. Super windy! 2 wks until national #halfmarathon!
Just saw Chris Martin & Noel Gallagher to team up at the Brits. Cant wait!
how lemon-y is it?
Dudes hate wen girls say; "All men are da same", but say "All women are da same".NO! #NewsFlash U just lyk bitxhes dat do U dirty.Dat's all.
Really enjoyed her way of putting things.It gave my heart a bump. 6yo explains the hearts interaction w/the brain,telling the brain what 2do
When your breath stinks so bad you stink up the entire car. Shut your fucking mouth.
As Winston Churchill once said 'A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity, an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty'
Last night Silk Road Ensemble performed to a full house at the impressive Zaha Hadid-designed Guangzhou Opera House.
say hi to adrianne for me!
Can't wait to hear it.
Had an awesome day :)
You handle situations so calm and respectfully ... If my future wife is half as classy as you are .. I'd be truly blessed :-)
Waking up at 6:30 AM on a Saturday morning for a math competition... Fuck Im sleepy.
I LOVE YOU
true story
wut time should we leave from six flags?
Her go to position is doggy style, how can you not fuck that.
I would love some pizza from dominos and a nice icy beverage...
feed some homeless people.. help people in need. Start there.
#emorydisc Leanne West of : in last 18 months, glasses-based realtime captioning has become more prectical.
First day in my new office space - Very Refreshing. Still trying to get organized.
Love don't live here, and it don't even visit
You gotta admit Keith Moon probably has a Twitter Feed In Heaven that rivals ?uestlove's on earth.
I love hanging out with friends :)
Oh shit.... I am now the proud owner of #DirtyWork lmao I was officially like at 7 but like yea idk why I didn't tweet it lol <3
Countdown to the #worldcup final. Spain vs Netherlands, gotta love this football matchup!
#NBC5SS either teach Rose how to control his body better and make smarter decisions, or let him be someone else's problem.
I will rise im no longer addicted to my store!
Just got back from an amazing night at Santos party house. Funky house and disco all night. I got a months worth of dancing in.
Right on jack totally agree
waving! nice little poll you are doing re: florists...my alter-ego says thanks!
Just sent you a SXSW party invite via Linkedin. Hope you can make it.
Meet NINE of DC's newest emerging artists as they discuss their #MFA #thesis exhibit.
Last year.
o no johnny!!! get up!
Well, if you want to be Emmy Rossum's character, that's not too bad. Anyone else... =/
What a beautiful day in the #ABQ #NM Wishing everyone a great Thursday afternoon;)
New song titled "This One's For You" will be up on our Myspace/ Facebook, Friday!
Ikr!!!! I love making people laugh!!!
That awkward moment when you're alone with someone you just met.
Tryin to get the energy to go out again tonight
Hi Katherine!
Since wimmin' buy way more books than men, shouldn't ALL nonfiction be #chicknonfiction?
Do mermaids have eight fingers or ten?
Im absolutely inlove with s song
I LOVE YOU! <3 ROGER THAT!
Something big is coming for Playstation 3 users.
Hey Jim! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
hates having to settle for someone you love but aren't in love with, because the one your in love with is in love with someone else :\
Its raining.... Why am I wearing flip flops?
Missen my boy!!!want to see him so bad hopefully I get to see him tomorrow!!!!:)<3kassidy&evan<U+E32D><U+E328><U+E32B><U+E022><U+E327><U+E32C><U+E329><U+E32A>
Wonder wen I'll hav a GREAT day again. . .
Lmfao calm down
Friday Fun Fact: The first “Mother’s Days” were meetings of local mothers whose sons had fought or died in the Civil War.
I hope your doing better tonight beautiful!
LadiesPlease dress how you would like to be approached and talked to. Don't dress like a hoe and expect to be treated like a Queen.
I can sense the Wizards PA guy just itching to press the button "Celebrate" by Kool & The Gang.
Youth Radio Investigates:Trafficked, on NPR's All Things Considered- stories of two teenagers who were trafficked on the streets of Oakland
I want him in this game so bad
Don't know what you've got till it's
#smbmad If it goes on that long nest time we will have to order in Pizza and burgers to sustain us. I am famished!
Thank you, you are really good at what you do. Great to know you.
"Even when I walk across campus, I am communicating things to people." - Dr. Omi Jones
Man I've been fuckin with samples in ways youd never think of.
Improving peer and instructor feedback. In this example, students have to turn in assignment to peers for critical feedback prior to...
DONUTS AND TWIZZLERS DONUTS AND TWIZZLERS!!!!!!!!!!!
im in L.A., fuckin wit this dleague shit
Supplemental budget fails.
Thanks for the follow
Love, good friends, good books, to laugh often and much: this is the ideal life
Thank you for watching the Shelby County mayoral debate on children's issues last Thursday! If you missed it, watch it on www.wreg.com
what is the best way to buy used books ( different vendors ) Amazon on line but need to?
I need to step my Tweeting game up.
How can we be of assistance? ^SZ
Awesome backlog for #FR365, sent in a post last week and the pipeline is full until mid-Oct! What a success it has been!
I thought Badgers punter got drafted too
This is why I have very low expectations of most people.
I need a Long walk bf I try this wedding dress on for the last time! Panera was really good but regretting it now..
Not too bad, but not too good either. I still believe.
even without the previous movies. :)
is the service dragging for a reason... Keep getting the reloading bar every minute or so...
11,000 classrooms made of straw and Millett, the elements destroy the buildings and furniture.
I'm a supporter of college athletics, but I don't see how some coaches earn millions, new bldgs pop up regularly,& student debt=$1 trillion
um hi..can I say new fav blog!!!
Home just in time for the heat game.
im talkin bout this pic its UGLY
Indeed! RT : Sometimes life is awesome and you still feel like shit. Fuck that, I say.
Reminder: both aMuse locations are located indoors. This rain means nothing to us. #comegetyourtoyon We open in 30 minutes
What was this??
Working on Sunday, it doesn't get any better then that! Does it?
I wish would stop singing...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
It's Black History month watching The Thing. Please stop putting one black guy in horror movies that never stays alive.
An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience
Best of luck Ceara!
i like your picture :)
No one's forcing you to stay in a relationship you don't want to be in.
Miguel Cabrera comes up BIG again!
A MIDGET HANGING FROM MY NECKLACE.... Old school shit
i just sent you three tracks from the latest mixtape called F.U.N. (Fuk U Niggas) let me know what u think fam
CyberSecurity mounting threat. Now a nation-state military tactic. Hacking is an industry w/annual conference (DefCon) & media (2600).
lol damn yu mean I was being nice x said I love yo stanking ass lmao
Should it have been, looked like interference
Lately its like I've been disappointing EVERYONE!
omg so happy cant wait to see my new baby born nephew<3
I cannot even tell you how many times I have stepped into the shower with my socks on..
Follow back?
LeeLee Shannon wrote: ~5 words that scare the hell out of me in horror movies, "Based on a true story."~ #4realz#
New England Clam Chowder from the cafeteria. I hope it doesn't send me the Turner Hall stalls later tonight. :|
I don't understand why people try to make other people feel guilty for them.
Fact of the Day: In English pubs drinks are served in pints and quarts. In old England, bartenders would advise unruly customers to mind ...
Got damn y is so many ppl so damn #NOSEY whats da point of wanting to knw my bitness
Excited to attend tonight's Meet the ADDY Judges event. Who else is in?
Am I the only one who could care less what #AlbertPujols does playing for a team that doesn't actually play in #LA?
if I could I would. I'm starvin. Need to get something to eat
#FF to who ever came up with #itsamonsterthing!!!:)
Whenever I look at someones dp I always look in the background for clues about their lives. Don't even tell me it's creepy I bet all u do it
#salute my.nigga
ThanxRT : Nice picture mama..
We need to establish within ourselves a foundation of balance upon which our lives and our business can thrive.
big day!
Just do what you gotta do to cover your ass, Bill.
#broNight was awesome! Good luck finding some1 to #Avenge you at the air hockey table
"That guy wanted to buy you a drink." "I already have a drink. Think he'll get me some mozzarella sticks?"
sounds great! Just Cali Chard for me but it had acid and balance which was nice. 2009 Paraiso Santa Lucia Highlands.
Come Lay Down Wit Me And Youll feel better ;D
hahaha, I thought the same thing. Ashley is an idiot!
RT : <3 Fridays. Who's coming in for a brew? Me Me!! I will be there at 6:30!
Congratulations to Congressman Lewis for the Congressional Medal of Freedom.
Insomnia is your body's way of asking for an orgasm.
I had a dream today was Saturday
A grilled cheese and a Mule at Starlight at midnight: long story but I'm sleeping in tomorrow!!
Host events in DC/MD/VA metro area? Awesome! You need Nakeva Photography because you deserve LIVE #SocialMediaPhotography marketing + smiles
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
I'm truly humbled by the amazing reaction I got #CCDP2012 free #Bbq my HQ nxt wknd stay tuned for details.
Wutang after party in the Bronze Peacock room w/ &
Yes were auntys yay love lilly and melissa
#TebowGotTradedFor Peyton Manning going to the Broncos
People kept telling me art can't change the world; so I stopped calling what I did art
Im gaining some weight today haha
I think we also have a project for spanish class -_-
At the airport, on my way to #NY...I don't like to fly. Breath in, breath out. Breath in, breath out. Don't hyperventilate!
So apparently you can be allergic to the sun #oddallergy how do I know this? Random lady today
and i was saying srry to him and begen him to come back to me and he did so were back together :)
You smooth talker, you!
Just had a llizard put on my desk, right in front of me! Yes, it was real! Cutest thing that ever scared me...lol
Not a big fan of the non-color dress.
Put a #cpchat column in your Tweetdeck for great resources featuring George Couros and his sole mates.
Just sat with a client onver an hour and a half. telling me the most horrendous things. i need a long, long weekend!
Madison teacher David Wasserman testifies he was among 20 members of public removed from Gov. budget address after 1 of them booed.
#CultureShock has been moved to The Bishop due to rain. We'll be there all day serving slices!
Im Happy with the circle of people that love me!!!
RT : Joel Makower: "80% of product environment impact determined in the design process." (I'd suspect way higher.)
Would you call the desire to lie in bed and watch endless hours of Downton Abbey fanatacism or depression?
Long as Dez is off the board, I'm good with that RT Demaryius Thomas RT who the heck is Tampa taking at 5?
#ThingsIReallyCantStand When you're looking forward to seeing someone and then plans change.
Yeah and mike. Don't let her liee
Want to follow the court case on entering the Capitol follow and
I'm going to freeze! It was 9 degrees Fahrenheit when I left this morning! It's a balmy 27 now. So glad there's no snow though!
I had an idea for a movie last night. It was the greatest movie ever. Damned if I can remember what it was.
Good looking out! Thanks for the love and hope you're well!
Alice’s Healing Story – Inspired by Eczema
July 4 weekend w/ Traveling Circle starts 2nite at Union Pool and continues tomorrow night at Legion. Detes www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Honestly thought Bladerunner was a movie about a roller derby
It's funny how I did NOTHING wrong n you hate me now. This is why I don't get fucking close to people.
I listen to your show on the way home from work every day! Funny as hell! Keep it up man!
I live in a world of so much more than hip hop! My dubstep/pop/rock could surprise you! In time I'll make that happen
Except for Corey Hart, the #Brewers outfield is full of jerks.
Austin! 11:11 in UK :D..well kinda. I wish you'd follow me, dear wish I hope you come true (: #11:11
THAT GIRL IS POISON
- thx for the shoutout! Hope to see many students participate & learn from !
There is some irony in seeing people tweet advice they should listen to themselves!! I swear I was just about to tell you the same thing!
: fear in a handful of dust YAY!
oh that stinks sorry :(
Sorry. beat you to the bacon.
“: I Would Never Put Westbrook As A PG On my team!” Saying Anything , Ill Put Him On My Shit As A 1 But Not Starting
This sounds like the makings of a pie chart. 10% write to get laid, 1% for the fabulous riches with which writers rewarded?
como no lo creo!!!! Palomo no
RT : Leadership without character is unthinkable - or should be. - Warren Bennis
Listening to Hands Tied I love this song
Just used one of the new Coke freestyle machines. a fine example of soda fountain
the awk moment when you know by the end of the night your bestfriend and sister will have a bf
Oh haha! Love it!
This washington state weather really needs to pick up.
The time for Fall is now. The leaves are changing making it a time of change and the time for change.
I need to finish this essay bleeehhh asdfghl
Of course, now the Coyotes will probably go on to win the Cup just to make me look like an idiot.
RT : What do you like about K State?
SeeMail shows your responsiveness to email across contacts and time (personal informatics workshop)
Hope everyone had a great 4th!
A1: Question for me was where and how I could make difference in next 5-10 years.
I also heard the gunshots. I'm on 36th and Paine, where are you?
I'm on upper west side and have no dial tone and blank channels. What up TWC??!
This is such a great song Mandy! It's amazing how many different genre's you write and sing! You are the master! LOL!
RT : Rode CR tonight. Some new twists to the single track. Course is in great shape!
Yep. Found the 07 story. Still haven't found anything about it changing tho.
I don't care what anyone says, I still love my 'Guins & know that if they believe in themselves, they will make it.
Don't forget! Special Call Out to Fundraisers at YNPN & 's May 16th Social That's tomorrow! 5:30-7:30.
take only 40% Manny is better than that.
REALLY? NO WAY?! Ah wait you guys are assholes so I don't get any DLC til april even though I paid the same exact mount as them
just met and now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> we already have an inside joke!
yeah i get money and I let my nuts hang
FYI I'll be giving away boats in my session today :-)
I'm so much more willing to go to school when im going with swag.
Sleepover with some faggot
what is that??
Just got finish counting my sons change And he haves $664 that's all going on his presents for his one year birthday
We are going to have to move the feeder. It made me sad to see it.
Hollywood is remaking The Crow? I loved that movie... Well, at least it can't be much worse than the sequels...
I just wouldn't undertsand philosophically bringing in such a small center as Hudson after all this talk of getting bigger.
But Who Speaks For Earth ?
A4: For my photo shoots, I respond quickly & do everything possible 2 make it a special time for the client. It's all abt them!
It seems like Rick Ross uses all the same beats now...why?
is now following you.
Thankjs Jay! Some damn fine actors in Wrath of the Crows! and more!
no homo
Thanks for the follow!
I loathe waiting in line at a Redbox...
Time and Gems Extends Their Annual T&G Wholesale Event
Longest opener in MLB history! What a game. Bullpen locked it down. Zumba doesn't count as working out
We're ready to shoot this week! Love when we are producing and not pitching. Great product that needs awareness help - right up our alley!
um ok.
When are you moving to LA?
Everything I do... WELL DONE HOE !
RT : President told ABC News today: "I think same sex couples should be able to get married."
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. - Buddha
those days were legit.. lol. That would make an hour && a half zoom past. Lol
Open position for Senior Instructional Designer. Please email me if interested.
When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, reconstruct those plans, and set sail once more.
Let it go
#RANDOM #COD #MW2 advice ......nobody likes a nubetoober or a camper
"Who wants a body massage?"
thanks for the shoutout!
She now wants ramen....and she just threw away a kiwi
Miss Klum and Seal getting a divorce.. Makes me so sad!
Boring day, he, true
We'll let you know when we do!
oh okay ;)
No problem guys!
And how often do you pick a talented actor who doesn't exactly match the character's description?
Preparedness tip: always keep your gas tank at least half full so you can safety & quickly evacuate. If power is out, pumps won't work.
Have you tried Tinto on Santa Monica Blvd at Gardner in WeHo? Good food and great sangria pitchers!
totally disgusting!
Its not Snoop Dog lmao
Suicides have Greeks on edge before election
none yet. I'm hoping for at least two.
good, but busy!!!
New to Twitter-and just got my first follower! Congrats to Josh in Kansas City! You are the only one reading this! LOL. More to follow soon?
I hope you have an awesome weekend Rockin Ralph!!
Seriously what's with all the pics of hurt kids and diseased people on Facebook? They really make me depressed.
Goin to eat Ice cream *_*
What does the front office hope to do? Put Derek Fisher in a cryogenic chamber and try to add years to his career?
Excuse me, but the correct answer is "uhm, idk."
done c:
Mandatory texts 1. AP Stylebook 2009 or newer 2. Strategic Writing and 3. the bare bones of ad print design. Find @ Panther Books on Downer
Elementary math problems are weird. 'I had 10 chocolate bars and ate 9. What do I have now?" Oh, I don't know, DIABETES MAYBE.".
What's the best Columbo to watch with someone who has never seen it before? A really good one that encompasses the series.
oh I am just 5 feet, and I aint never let it stop me frm nan nathin! Intelligence wins wars. &I'd love to be a commentator.
Good afternoon twitter :)
RT : Q9: WHAT NON-SCALE GOALS DID U SET THIS YEAR? HOW FAR HAVE YOU GOTTEN TO ACCOMPLISHING THEM? RT PLS
I don't like when people wear headbands but they put it over ears with there hair.
OK NOW FOLLOW ME BACK THANKS JOHN
Just interviewed Sean Rumgay, 16, who rode out the storm. This afternoon, he was surveying damage.
Yeah, it's one of those "It's funny" wait...Its true...So your welcome.
Another good win. I'm in festive spirits now.
Yellow cab $75 to home dafucck
An alright Christmas :P
Quit ruining my Saturday evening. I don't need realism right now! ;)
New original in the works!
matt, come on now, get the blow up mattress from costco. c:
Flat top Gang
you can retrieve in history; click on last open tabs. Hope it helps!
If you haven't seen the movie #GameChange, you need to make it your business to.
Living with hatred is like building a prison around yourself and not being able to see where you placed the key. ~ SJ
Lemme know if u want chips, fellow Floridian! :-) ... ! Lucky guy! Enjoy those chips and that $$
Smart move by the Timmy The Fag Lincecum on not facing Kershaw on Tuesday. After goin 0-5 against him and the Dodgers last year.
I wanna be a millionaire so freakin bad. Pay all the bills my future will even have. So tired of responsibility I hate being broke.
We're just about the midpoint! Haha. Take care.
I REFUSE to watch this shit happen again. If I were at the game, I'd run ON THE COURT.
Do we have to look at Bylsma now? Hasn't done much to change in past 3 playoff series. Not placing blame. Just asking a question.
Without Youtube, there would be a random sexy dude walking around in Canada.
Just found out E-40's full legal name is Edward Forty.
I Hate Kids On Elevators…”Are We There Yet?...Are We There Yet?”
Longer conversation for those managing social recruitment efforts, methinks.
My movie , Blue Streak is on (:
Isn't it great when you start to forget you actually work for a living? :)
go to bed! lol
Its FAT TUESDAY!! #HAPPY MARDI GRAS
they are just jealous. You got the super hot guy and you look amazing!
Lmfao okay she's angry
Thanks so much for coming!
this one right her is for my niggahs on they block
Bratty, selfish, kit kat eating, mullet wearing Jaromir Jagr has finally convinced me he's a class act and a great quote
thank you so much for your contribution! We appreciate it so much!
Attending Future Proof Your SEO #mozinar by
Join TONIGHT AT KREMLIN ... $3 You call it! $2beer! NO COVER!FREE PARKING
End of the week is here!
James Wood gives a shout-out to L'eclisse in How Fiction Works (pp. 99-100)
I'm tired of making bullshit songs.
i wanna sleep over !!
Living like I bullet proof and feelin famous !
Overall would you say social media has had a positive or negative effect on the industry's ability to properly promote?
Tony Montana is prollys the most bad ass name
Sharpening an Improperly Sharpened Left Hand Shear -
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
RT Parking across the street from Daytona is $50 for a Thursday. Neighborhood Yard parking prices events are huge value!
Also, did you know you are at 100?!
And he just admitted that he's been throwing meat into the neighbor's yard. Holy hell. I married this man.
#teamfollowback if you're real
Shooting our video this weekend. We can't wait!!
why haven't bria texted me back, she playing ugh
Good tip for showing off shelter cats: ferret & rabbit harnesses can be easier & less stressful to use on cats than cat harnesses.
that's unfortunate. Like I wrote in the article, I hadn't seen him play a whole lot, so.. wasn't sure.
Are most professional musicians self-taught, or do they have someone who was instrumental in their development?
Stock Exchange Tips: Is It Time To Sell? Recently the markets stayed flat
The quieter you become, the more you can hear
Thank god for selection Sunday and everything it stands for #wideopenfield!
So my card reader decided to just stop working last night...Need my MAC asap!
For the record is even more intense in real life!
You the bomb! Thanks for coming!
Minority Report, with statistics instead of psychics.
RT : Just left that meeting with #1 is to bring swagger back to this city and I'm positive he can pull it off
Fire..Listen To 'Welcome To H-Town' Off New Mixtape RT:anyone listens to Lecrae ? he any good ?
My thoughts & prayers are with my moms side of the family right now.. My great Uncle Norman passed away.. He was such a wonderful man .. <3
It's nothing like waking up and exercising first thing! It makes ur heart get goin for the rest of the day!!
It's getting pretty thick right now for sure.
Hey I just met you, and I'm a taco, here's my meat, so add your sour cream
#GOA2011 RT : Martin Wragge at Nike 'Just Does it' at #FESPAAmericas Global Business Forum about sustainability
Golden Explosion THIS SATURDAY! Buy your pre-sale tickets TODAY :)
Snow Report! List your city and how much snow you got below!
on to my sons basketball game love watching 7 yr olds play ball. Good luck Gage!
I know! It's uncanny, isn't it?
WHO ELSE NEEDS A FOLLOW? just tweet
thanks for the tweet!
It's a cappuccino from Dunkin. Heard they might be some competition for us. I think the sink liked it more than I did...
All about money hope you got some
Growing up, my grandpa always called me "you little shit" curious now. maybe I had a problem
Follow me (;
lmfaoo, it's okay. i'm happy for you! (:
Singing Bohemian Rhapsody in the car with Griffin
What a wonderful #iheartNYC day!
Birthdayy around the corner, what am I gone do?
G o o d n i g h t <3 Don't forget to say your prayers !
I ain't kissing randoms, boy! I think I accidentally bit it or something >:(
Don't get me wrong...fight the good fight mama! I just saw that and thought it would give you a little laugh.
thanks very much for the info!
sounds like it worked. Thanks for making those calls!
I want to write a book called GAYBOT. It will disappoint everyone because it will be a book about a gay botanist, not a gay robot.
Dear Santa Claus, The application process for recording Christmas songs needs an added category: -Naughty -Nice -Douchey
is celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month from September 15-October 15. Celebrate with JAM as we present Latin Jazz facts....
Might take the 34 trolley tomorrow morning for once.
. Take your balls out of your purse and #FireNickHolt immediately
hope you benchin to them tracks LOL
My birthdays in 20 days :)
nothing says "Delivering Great Mobile Experiences" like embedding a PDF in a Flash movie
K I going to start reading...(50 minutes later) K just a few more minutes.
Somebody needs to come up with a better plan, I'm going to start watch NCAA Championship Subdivision (D1-AA), single elimination playoff.
#offline love love love!
Leaving in 5 minutes :'(.
Laying in bed watching a walk to remember with <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
wow! thx, stout-hearted Max!
Busy night, Pitching practice with daughter. Advisory council meeting at School and continue to work on tech page
Priceless the looks on ppls faces when you're flying first class..... POOF!!!!!
Census demographer compared 25-34 yr olds in 2000 and ten years later in 2010. 22.7% moved out of cities to suburbs & exurban locations.
I hope you enjoy it! Let me know what you think.
Didn't even know there was a foreign version. If it's not american, I DON'T BOTHER. I bleed red, white and blue, brother.
I kept thinking "there's a bad joke in here somewhere"... but finally decided to let it be. :)
I need a hero...do you know when I can register for bfast and learning how to score b2b ink w/ you?
oh no no give in girl, give in to the nutella!!! lololol
School then practice:/.
A million watt smile with a million watt business presentation can sometimes equal a million watt result. - You close the deal!
I want to see #TheLuckyOne tonight even if I go with my sweats and tee shirt on!!! I can't wait!! My tummy is excited.
The possibility to change ur fortune by trying is inspiring
we'll be at both!! And Arizona in September!! BIG trips will be NOLA, TB, Zona and PIT
congrats buddy!
Just read The Jesus and Mary Chain will be playing SXSW w/ their Psychocandy-era drummer and ex-Lush bassist.
"There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning."
Now at bat for the #Brewers: Stephen Baldwin
I am an expert on such important topics.
I miss you. When can I see you next?
Could've added "spoiler alert" to that. Sheesh. RT Just so you know: They go back to get the cat.
I am such a big fan of yours I'm listening to Deja vu, you are the dopest
Why than Oh brawling love; Oh loving hate; Oh anything of nothing, first create.
RT : RT : In war, there are no unwounded soldiers
Count me in!! lol
Whose protecting our babies??? As a parent I say street justice, eye for an eye, life for a life, you called this child a "COON"
You should be on radio podcast one day!
Love feedback to online tutors: student: I GOT A PRIZE FOR DONATING tutor: awesome! thanks for donating student: no thank u u inspired me
We have a concealed carry law but businesses can ban on their premises. You'll see that sign a lot here...
it's a class that has subjects in French(: we learn and speak it and we have FLA everyday instead of English class everyday
how does someone LOVE social media, tweet 26 times and have 3,672 followers? hm
I saw Zayn's reaction to the boobies, once gay always gay <3 hahah
#FF FINALE --> topped the week off with a great mention. Have a great weekend, everyone!
and now my shoulder hurts. I AM FALLING APART.
Adrienne Palicki is Wonder Woman. Thoughts?
Compelling digital stories doesn't mean expensive equipment. The tools & technology is on your mobile
Lol. Que horrible!
It's Friday night and I'm playing hide and seek with my brother. That's how awesome I am :D
AHH OKAY I'LL BRING YOU LOTS OF FUN.
RT : Fact that Zubrus played third period is going to save Giroux
The Assassin's Creed series does a lot with moving within and blending into crowds. Not great, but it's a focus.
awake and tired, wishing Morpheus would come to me! What about you ?
idk. The Internet seems 2 attract those types :S
That was so foolish!
Getting ready to head down to the poker room. Playing down to the final table today, hopefully it's going to be a really long day.
Thanks much!!
but seriously how big is your guys dicks?? LMAO
This year I'm not going to go all Apple-Fan-Boy crazy on Twitter about getting the new iPad. I'm going to keep it to myself.
bad move getting rid of How to Make it in America! Making th switch back to Shotime
haha well you havta listen to the whole song next time, very good lyrics other than that part lol
I miss
:D :D :D THINGS ARE ALMOST READY HOORAY
I'm celebrating my four year UNniversary with a giant bottle of rosé and that Marilyn Monroe movie with Michelle Williams in it.
There are few things better than a Whataburger on Texas toast.
Praying and biliving God for this one thing.its all coming to us in the name of Jesus.
Need motivation? Get dressed and start working out for at least 5 minutes. You'll feel more energized and will want to keep going!
I think that was all the same stunt driver. And
When Is Ever Gonna Reply Back.?:'(
its may 18
thanks luv ... its a free download so feel free to download it .. do u have a facebook ?? if so search looselyric and save me
I drive north from NU to Highland Park all the time on Sheridan. Lots of really nice houses on the way.
My condolences. Wonderful piece.
Don't butter me up, I'm not a baked potato lol
So obscene. So accurate. So perfect.
hey mama @ turner field 4 breast cancer ceremony
: He isn't consistent at all, and who did they play?
I'm so psyched. A burial ground is following me!
delivery is different from dancing(performance) on stage. thats the type of shit you like. thats like saying soulja boy hot
Come in For some College Football... $3 Sam Adams Drafts and $5 Jack Drinks..
#ABQ #Events: Apr 13 Fundraiser Shaken, Not Stirred Martini glass auction & party benefiting Lead w/ the Arts,...
Do not remove a fly from your friend's forehead with a hatchet. - Proverb
yeah, and their numbers for all of those weird fringe fetishes? I just... don't even know.
^PH Yeah, thanks -- she's pretty great -- we think we'll keep her!
Well you know what would make my day? You. Following... me. <U+2665>
Congrats to winning the intermediate comp #shredathon and all the riders that competed!
Omgg last night was SO needed.
Justin biebers grandparents were in a car accident last night and guess where jb is? A bball game.
Yep. It's a 3 cups of Kurig Coffee kind of day.
thank u for sharing!<3
I miss you :/
following the 43rd district dems endorsement meeting via twitter is killing me!
I'm giving the Oscars some credit for having more actual musicians in the room than the Grammy awards.
41 Big Ten players taken in 2012 NFL draft. 2nd most of any conference. SEC had 42 drafted.
Entrepreneurs and talk about their big fat failures this Sunday on our NEW SHOW 9pm EST on
I like those odds for the Hawks
Watching the awards on Ustream. Pretty cool! And, yes, pretty nerdy too.
Senior years gonna blow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Who wants to do something???
hello there, we need to catch up!
Bread is the debil
I mostly like how you drew her shoes lol.
Busto. Button opens to 3.5K I jam 16K from BB with AQ, she snap calls A10 and spikes a 10 on the turn.
Sweet Gum!
You can only be attractive for so long you'll need intelligence to hold you over sweet heart
that is never going to happen. i know this for a fact. trust me.
RT if you don't live in Illinois so you can't go to austin's concert in person.
#thankateacher - Happy National Teacher Appreciation Week (May 7-11)! Thanks in advance for all that you do for students!
Topeka still getting it handed to em KC Bulldogs 76 Topeka 38 Fourth quarter
I know I'm not an amazing singer...but I know that I'm not a horrible one either. Why do people on YouTube have to be so ignorant?!
97% of HHs have a TV. is the person I know who doesn't. Like a boss.
I mean wouldn't you get fat from all that drinking?
It would be awesome to have some WiFi at work that, you know, actually worked?
What's with this weather, so cold! Need hot food!
Ha! I love those "Was I on crack when I wrote this?" moments.
RT : Wireline Edge shows how you can distribute storage and compute throughout a network – Intel booth
I miss my lovely friend Stephy!!!
My allergies are so bad ):
": A real Superman is not afraid to stand next to a Superwoman!"
#GoYankees #BeatTheRays and give Nova his 4th win of the season
Develop your own info. products in an evergreen niche to massively boost sales.
Wow, I can't believe Peyton is off to Denver!
You know you work in a bad neigborhood when jimmy johns wont deliver their. Smh
because he doesnt love you...
K night tweeps! Off to watch my usual 48hrs.
just updated new work....www.michaelcalixtro.com
Good Morning! Hope everyone is having a great morning.
I hope everyone's mom or mom-like figure asked about their day. As a former teacher, my mom expected a detailed response.
Dont believe what most people say
Did you hear what happened to the Webster Schroeder senior prank? Students were arrested. Looking for the best senior prank 222-9800
So, tonight is gonna be okra gumbo. I'm thrilled each time my box has okra bc I know this meal is inevitable.
“Write without pay until somebody offers to pay” Mark Twain
My job is to tell the truth 24/7 about everything. I will never kiss ass for money.
OHIO is the 1st state to have 4 #Sweet16 teams in a single tournament?
he's moved onto the 6th S. "Sucka" as in, my parents are Suckas.
Its The Thuggish Ruggish Bone
Meeting with the wonderful folks at today, lining up some wonderful events for the winter...stay tuned!
should have Hollywood speak about the sanctity of marriage.
One important thing I’ve leaned in life is that I don’t need to have an opinion about everything and probably shouldn’t.
Thanks ! I'm not a very active blogger, but glad you enjoyed it! :)
impossability - noun - some shit you'll never be able to do.
I ran into Alan Rickman's umbrella.
People yearn to breathe free in Tunis. FTW Carthage 2011
To lengthen thy Life, lessen thy meals
Have a great Easter weekend everyone!
How do you feel abt the delete feature on comments ? Elsewhere, w/ heated discussion, it's been a real detriment.
- Work gets in the way of so many things.
"Blessings of the Animals" THIS Saturday, 10/8, 11AM. St. George's Episcopal Church at 2nd & U NW in Bloomingdale. Bring your critters!
and again...wow.
Thank you kindly for the RT!
Happy Friday...
Im done here <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
#bored someone text me
Coming soon . . . .local crowdfunding platform is hosting a campaign for
surprisingly delicious. They claim South Carolina raised.
A person with a loving heart does not seek revenge.
first of all she is not a teen and secondly she has a thriving career, more than you will accomplish
This song will now be stuck in my head all day. Haha thank you!
Penn State game just announced for 3:30pm start time!
Where are all the gentlemen? 3 guys arrive after me in the elevator bank and get on before me.
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please?
best pit stop ever!
Yay, glad you liked it!
Fuck that new girl
Inaugural Catalpa Festival in NYC, July 28-29th. Black Keys, Snoop Dog, tv on the radio, Big Pink, City and Colour!!
Think of two reasons you should be proud of yourself. Write them down. Say them aloud. Marinate in them. Repeat.
Thanks for the RT!
Woohoo! Our actor got the director/producer callback for the pilot, Americana in NY. 3rd time in!! Yes!
I always thought it was about the ramapo h.s. (NJ) kids that hid a pregnancy and dumped baby in a motel dumpster.
Did you swerve while walking? I'm fine. Busy day. Watching Frasier and getting a good laugh.
Report: 300 million users now access Facebook via a mobile app
Get out and enjoy this beautiful weather! Don't forget we have kid’s meals for just 99-cents today at all Colorado Applebee’s.
Nobody likes me and I could give 2Fucks AND 1Damn
#GamerPickupLines ill have you seeing clouds in your final fantasy
I hear they tip well, true story?
don't make a comment about the cop van hanging out on 3rd within earshot of a crackhead. I practically ran to the office.
Which parent's?
Just finished 2nd week of Chest and Back
I hope they do!
Definitely. RT : Barbie Graveyard. A million doll hairs. You feel me?
I love the people who can make me smile, even when i'm in one of my worst moods,and completely heartbroken. (:
I will be there!
Rams vs. Bengals at 1pm here in C-town. What a matchup!
Tweets from the future.
Chilling in Ms.Conrad's class... i'm her first real follower! follow her at
I want Henry and Don to have a Handsome-Off.
The classics: Mangia for dinner, Frank's Diner for b'fast/ lunch. HobNob for a supper club. Pazzo, upscale bar. Big Star Drive-In!
i suppose i can watch this show while i wait hours for my online dynasty to advance.
Rain washes it clean and brings out the PNW green
Has anyone tried this "Hint" brand of flavored water? Men's Health said its the healthiest line out. Im going to try it this weekend.
“: Fuck it calling in sick to spend the day with her:-)” Awww! That's wassup!
same here
We’d Just Stare In Each Others Eyes Until A Smile Cracked The Silence Of Our Lips.
Hey fans I'm making a video for Justin biebers bday if u want to be in it send ur pics to
You must answer trivia question posted @ 4pm EST in the official twitter handle of athlete (answer) & follow that athlete &
Hi Travis, I was wondering if you know anyone in Phila that would be interested in position like Java/MongoDB/AWS?
Are you coming to the DC area?
Go Follow
Every bad boy needs a good girl!
Happy birthdayayaay to from me abbey Merhige and !!!! <3
Your changing offuts shows how dizzy you are, have him contact me NOW.
Brunch chill practice.
Near Bloomingdale's, Barney's or Bergdorf? Grab Lunch at Brio, 61st street between Lexington and Park Avenue...
ugh... this day is just dragging! i know you like the rain and all but its making me sleepy
#ivoted at my local polling place (a middle school) this afternoon and waited ca 15 minutes. Not enough voting machines, it seems.
When's the last time Lucroy pulled a ball?
Making the executive decision to stay in for the rest of the night, cuddled up with greys anatomy reruns <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
:P oh shush I wasnt thinking properly:X
I thought I wasn't drunk, so I ordered an LIT. Come to find out...I am already drunk =/
There is something so eternally appealing about a girl with a pouty expression.
Trust me, I know what I'm talking about :) Good luck!
#Black eyed peas concert was amazing! So fun, but hoping I dont get pneumonia :(
I was never afraid of failure, for I would sooner fail than not be among the best. - John Keats
The haunting hour with the girls
Sick to my stomach watching the police interrogation of 13-year-old boy on 20/20.
RT : Awareness of our mortality makes every moment precious so the purpose of life can become the expansion of happiness.
PMS: stands for either "Pass My Shotgun" or "Potential Murder Suspect". Take your pick.
"Mashup or Crashup" about to start! 204 A/B
Got some pretty damn exotic Yoplait goin on here at the Gelson's
welcome to the #Bears!! Gonna be an awesome year! Can't wait to see you work!
RT : There should be an extra day built into the week just for sleeping.
#StopOahuRail Dear #HART some history. Aloha Stadium (rust makes it stronger) that's what they said need I say more. Steel on Steel Rail...
How many kids do you think Shawn Camp has?
If your dark skin and say you dnt think your pretty cuz your dark skin.. I cant even pass you these handouts the teacher gave me..
Make sure you get out to vote tommorrow. DC Primary for Ward 4,7,8 and At-Large. Exciting times in DC
Greetings from Seattle! Would love to connect re speaking at our geek meetup (remotely)!
Found the ultimate space for this year's tailgate concert. Check back soon to see who's performing!!!
I'm working the night shift, taking care of a guy with stage 4 cancer, that's why. Wish I could always stay up haha
Where is ?
He that has acquired learning and nor practised what he has learnt, is like a man who ploughs but sows no seed.
RT : Still need 58 followers before we're giving away 10 hoodies. Please ask your friends to follow us. Do it for the children.
yes always have them with you, you don't know what will ever happen!
"If the shit fits, wear it!"
Fun fact: Chick-fil-A was the first restaurant chain to sell chicken nuggets.
Apple gives away bumper stickers with their computers, phones and tablets. It's a nice sticker. You both overthink.
Forgot my cell at home. FYI. The GMAT guy isn't here...if he doesn't show, I'm home after 11. *fingers crossed*
Want Infuze to feature your winery at our monthly wine tastings? Email and let us know!
This is the worst bulls game I've seen..
Just saw Paranormal Activity 3....I liked the other ones better...but oh well it was still fun :D
Mother's Day 2012: The Elanders take Intelligentsia Broadway and I get new glasses! SO EXCITED!
just sprained my ankle rock climbing .. embarrassing .
Thanks for sharing the B2B marketing email stats. Benchmark data are so difficult to come by.
The little Titties
I'm so happy to see such a big response for new song Hiq Vich Jor - Bhagat Singh. Hard work pays off. Thank you for the love!
RT : One essential outcome should be for students to formulate their own questions
Well we need to hang ASAP then! lol
it's gonna be good to see you again sir! I work for Nashville now so ya gotta put up with me at camp brother.
Brothers from another mother!
gurrrrl! the potty humor is a bonus. :D
Has any economist yet calculated the loss of productivity today in the global economy due to Scarlett Johansson?
oh you will when I hold a knife to your head!
Morning. And to all my follows who are posting pictures of blunts on social media sites.....be smart! agencies and companies are watching.
Exactly what kind of tests are you performing on the cara cara orange? RT : testing
NOW: Obama targets females, while Santorum & Gingrich duke it out in an effort to win over southern conservatives
Naw not 2day I'm chillin & relaxing but this weekend hell yeah
Congrats tiger
Very glad the refs are letting them play early
I wish you liked me the way I liked you......
HAPPY THONG THURSDAY to all da LADIES ... Make it a GREAT DAy Fam
what? Somebody gave up their glittercorn?!?!? Insanity.
Loved Midnight in Paris, the new Woody Allen movie @ Kendall Sq Cinema!
can't wait to see them!
Matty please tell me that means pretty girl problems hahahah
dude. You know the minute I meet a chick I size her up to see if she is NRZ material.
I WAS FOOLED BY SATIRE! But really though, it's something that seemed totally possible in Arizona.
Got home in time to see hubby leaving 4 karate w/ 7-yr-old. My son had a cookie in 1 hand and marshmallow in the other.I am so sorry Sempei.
immanentizing the carbohydrates
You close your eyes and you're on a chicken farm, the only problem's that the chickens have human arms..
Burlesque will never be the same since we have got a hold of it!!!
You stayed home?
we figured you were taking amazing picture angles of pool tables ..
Go get "inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle" on itunes!!
congrats on the double wins today!
Haters STOP hatin on just cause he beaten up in 2009, 4yrs ago init
I guess the lord heard my prayer its drizziling now
(c) who u like, what you're listening to or what your wearing shrug it off an tell them they should try being themselves instead of a copy.
What are your three biggest milestones over the past year?
Jets bitching against each other - not sure how that helps !
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased it can only be accepted <3
RT : Come over to the Indy Tasting Room for $10 pitchers and soem Irish music! :) Happy Sunday!
Whew! So glad.
Me Elks are being Brats! Elk Bratwurst today! Try my Double D's! Dense & Delicious BROWNIES
Just a reminder that SCAN will be closed on Monday, Sept. 6th, Labor Day.
Off to work....then Finally can relax!
as long as you bring booze.
"182, sold it for 10. Yeah. "
RT : It was great meeting this weekend.
#FresnoDLD Thanks everyone for participating in our first twitter chat. And thanks for jumping into the fray!
I am LMAOF at you TL I don't even know where to start
Be peace...
My luggage in the overhead compartment was really whamed in there!!! @$)&"@/$!!!
Life without love is like a tree without fruit....how sad!
Everyone is raving and relaxing with our Hot Stone Facial!
Definitely getting to that time of year!
GET THE Squirrel!
I don't drink soda anymore.
#thevoice is gonna be incredible this season!
": If shorty ain't a dime piece than she ain't on my radar"the 1 on ya radar the 1
This gets a YES: MT A connection between health + outdoors is solid. Calling it a disorder is spurious.
GAs can benefit from having a needs/solution based focus to use with their students.
I feel like I am living in the Matrix. Did I accidently take the blue pill?
Awesome - How are you doing?
you are welcome! We love hearing about our former students doing great things.
like a real G
Knicks took home the win!
Looking forward to your call! Tell my producer you are "Real Brother" from Twitter.
“: this is milwaukee cant trust many ppl”you ain't lying bro.
I like how when am yelling at my dogs they just wag their tails and run around in circles.
I missed you twitter. Been locked out by !
Wedding venue shopping with my newly engaged sister! Now at Franciscan Gardens in San Juan Capistrano :)
Too Busy For Exercise? - Better Fitness Daily I shared a message one time called "Living at the speed of Blur". The message talked...
Sorry. I'm busy. What did you want to say?
Now that the Pres. has made his statement, let the fun begin.
on your dim sum LivingSocial deal, can you accommodate dietary restrictions?
The DC Carnival Kickoff @ Ultrabar 2night|Tables start @ $300| Make sure to RSVP by txting names of u & ur guests 4 hook-up: 7034073810
#natslive: the wallflowers?
Earthquake in downtown DC
Jack: i never sleep on planes, i dont want to ever get incepted
#quotes If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. J D Rockefeller
Wishing I could jump on a plane to visit my dad!!
Very results oriented.
I possibly just drew on my face studying for midterms.
because only people in your youth group matter
Happy Birthday to one of the most SEXIEST men alive! :)
Headed to #RockyTop to see my boys play! #Orange&White
WTF!!!! Why did Twitter have to make it so hard to delete a tweet while using Twitter through its website?
Holy mother of God. Juliette Simms just killed that!!!!!! #TheVoice and umm Xtina, WE KNOW YOU'RE SICK.
Trying to sleep with a 1000 things on your mind<<<
What book changed your life?
Watching the season finale of The Bad Girls Club. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!
yes PARADISE will be another level ...lets shoot for early June!
I remember that one time, before Facebook, when I went outside and did stuff.
Thank you, too! Had a blast!
Stunning! Visiting Maui soon. Any must-see's/do's?
I must see in Evita ASAP
There should be a warning label on Captain Crunch which reads: "WARNING: Will probably f*** the roof of your mouth up."
Line of T-storms set to push through the metro within the next hour... nothing severe at the moment, but expect heavy rain.
Free ASNAU shirts are worth getting up at 8 AM for. Also, IS the president of Aspen! Wahoo!
can you RT #IfSoccerTrendsDuringSuperBowl - we are trying to #GrowTheGame in the US off the back of the great game this morning!
What are you, a freshmen?
I've decided I need fairy lights in my life...indoors or in my garden, this is the question.
girl it's your bday, you better be looking for compliments <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
what is going on
Just discovered Gotye!
woohoo! Glad the shoot was a success!
Does anyone want to tell me why and what I need to use an inscribed angle during my career?
Lots of shopping today. Exhausting.
this is extremely ironic
sounds interesting...
loved your upbeat & positive presentation at the
Gross I'm in austin right now and still #wreckem RT : Got $20 on Texas. So for the first time ever
Nice night chatting with a good friend over a beer.
cause america is so fat.
Hi Wilbert! I don't take Melanie or Monie but I take just about everyone else. You're a brave soul for taking Melanie!
Trying not to feel overwhelmed by all the stuff I have to do to get ahead...ADD is so much fun! OK, I am starting with Vo auditions.
Absolutely, the potential is astounding - thanks for coming to talk to us about it!
shut up u bout to make my screen go black wit ur talking ass
laughable - is this your old gig? 30 hours paid - 30 for free? no director only works certain hours
“: hahaha my ex looks like Justin Bieber” LMFAO!!!!!!!!!
lol“: Michelle Duggar...jesus....it's not a clown car, for pete's sake.”
Hui Lanakila will perform on Saturday at 1 pm at the Maui Mall center stage.
Confluence isn't so bad as all that.
Out in WV for work. I feel so uncomfortable.
Does not make someone skinny but of course u would care u have no standards to u everyone is pretty
I got the lovely mesh circle leather pellet top. I love it but don't love the trail of leather circles that fall off wearing it
Do we syndicate? Other than RSS, no, but we are open to new ideas. What methods do you have in mind? Something cool we don't know about?
No matter what you do tonight, take a few deep breaths and reflect on the past year. The visualize all that you'll accomplish in 2012.
Looking out the window, nothing but shades of gray
its because your weak as hell bitch ;D jk babe
Hello everybody I am killing this twitter account for the most part. Follow me
I just compared the Statue of Liberty to a vagina... give me your poor, give me your needy, give me your homeless.
2012 Resolution...... Become fluent in gibberish ......nobody's called that one!
Love someone who doesn't deserve it. ~ Author Unknown
Every form of technology has transformed us without us even knowing it. #whatsnextdc Whaaaaaa???
- Digital humanities can break down the divide by requiring all source code comments to be in the form of limericks or haiku.
Caldera's Ashland Amber: Pooping rays of hoppy sunshine into yr cup. Magical brown liquids devoid of fecal matter + awash in happiness.
Goodnight Facebook hope everyone will have safe travels going back home...we need ti have a family reunion this summer....
Somebody stole Tom Petty's guitars!!! Huge fans at Scholars! Please RT to help get them back! Damn the Torpedoes!!!
that's goin the opposite way. Don't need to waste gas. Lol.
Would you rather date Zelda from Legend of Zelda or Hayley From Paramore?
Also, what types of classes would you like to see? We love the feedback, so thank you, Mike!
I'm so sad you can't be here to go out this weekend wahhh :(( But thank you love and miss you so much!
Thanks!! I love them :)
Closing early ...nine o clock ...
Love the work that is doing to protect and beautify our world! good job!!!
Saw a dolphin! Best. Vaca. Ever!
Here's to a fabulous day! Cheers
>>> Thank You... you as well
I hope that's a joke... “: the coyotes' maroon jerseys are among the best in the league”
merry christmas to you too!!
I don't want to spend my entire weekend at my school. ):
spell-check has never been his strong suit. :)
:D I kissed my best friend... and I liked it. The taste of his coca-cola ;D haha. :3 HE LIKES ME TOO! <3 Did I say like? He LOVES ME TOO! :D
Old time radio podcasts on iTunes! Let's all crowd around the victrola
I'm a nerd. We know this. But can we go ahead and end "may the 4th be with you" already?
feeling like shit, hope this goes away before monday.
I thought he was never going to have one! And now that he is! I'm like going no matter if I'm sick or it's pouring rain!!!!!!!
4 hours of work are standing between me and a whole night of #thecrunkchronicles aka
It's Republican Caucus night! Are you attending? Let us know about your experience.
Somehow, hearing Silversun Pickups for the 1st time made me less "meh" about Wild Flag. Perception is an odd thing.
Take what you do and love serious and serious things will happen for you- Scottie Spits
16 more students to finish....
hello here in Italy is 2:42 pm but I would like them to be in los angeles <3
I cant argue but not agree either I dont trust any of these " big brother " fucks
#Cocks stick it to the #Gators. Win game 1.
Aww roomie took me to Starbucks for birthday coffee to "give the day a great start" she's so sweet! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Salute the ones who died the ones who give their lives so we don't have to sacrifice all the things we love
Adoption of electronic health records must include full engagement with the family for success
Building friendships are easy,rebuilding them are the hardest.
see you guys July 9th ;) first time in almost 2 years <3 finally
I'd REALLY hate to be Thom Thibodeau right now.
Great meeting you today ! Thanks for having at , it was fun!
I need to get out of the place I'm in. Take me to a place where I don't know anybody.
my wife is actually finished the half marathon portion of it just a bit ago!
We hear Portland summers are the best, so what makes for a great Portland summer?
can u plzzzzzz follow me
Harry introduces Dr. Cheryl Metoyer, Associate Dean for Research. Cheryl talking passionately about the research at the iSchool.
Just read it again: fair, proud, and handsome
Tweet from 35,000 feet. Wifi on planes is cool!
#BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl tell her you love her. Works on me.
Who?? RT : Amazing: a company with 10000 employees and 6 followers on twitter.... what's wrong here....
Looking forward to FCSN's Visions of Community conference tomorrow in Boston.
Happy Birthday to my friend Aruther and to my beautiful niece Marla love you :-)
haha I also put tomorrow in my next tweet
Wow, December rain in WI. Fight global warming with a cold #beer! It's what our forefathers would've done. #Goat'sgotyourback.
Do you like store-bought things or handmade things? Why?
Thanks for stopping by ! Hope you enjoyed the whiskey and beer you tried!
Three under in the last three holes i've played.
im a true believer! forever the optimist etc etc...but I definately know when another chapter is to close in our history
I'm tired.. I wonder how this week is gonna go
Norquist boasts of his "Taxpayer Protection Pledge" on AfTR's website...
Happy one day anniversary! <3
Now: Joni Mitchell by the pool. I like a day where my biggest chores are choosing music, throwing sinking toys for swimmers, & feeding them.
If you followed me for UMass lax coverage Wed. night, you should follow birthday boy tonight. He's got coverage of tonight's game.
I swear if Maryland beats Duke, I might stop watching college basketball.
Just threw up.. Again. Wtf
The man’s proposal is usually associated with a ring
#motivation "The loss of only a few pounds can give unbelievable energy"
In the car on a boring, long, car ride.
moment when a project is due tomorrow , and you gotta do...it al tonight . -_____- *
Congratulations to Jean DuJardin for winning #THE ACTOR , #SAG AWARDS! So proud to be a tiny part of your film.
what you in a on a friday night missy? lol
Lunacon in Rye, NY! OK slight conflict of interest, I'm head of program. :)
For other mild Aspergers people.Please tell your partner to let you know bluntly when you are being emotionally unavailable so we are aware.
The Art Institute is FREE this month! Check out the new Modern Wing & hundreds of classics...go this Sun & admire art with your sweetie!!
Not in the mood to study math today.
Change of plans (post workout)! Mr 's in town and I'm excited to get a drink with him in Santa Monica :)
But that sounds like fun, so you are forgiven!
I'm getting Joker ones!!!
Ty for following Paige and I Paige us doing great at kicking leukemia's butt help families by donating
Solid, huge understatement. Netflix delivered big time! Boom! RT sounds like a solid day/night!
oh I never knew that lol
NDAA is not hope; in yout hands maybe you thought it would be used responsibly but it is wrong & abusive & the next will be
Defy your 'Real Age'...Meditating is Creating Thicker Brain Cells
He Manchester City is champion of Ingland I what fuera he Man United why my heart forever is Red
Before there was "Going Rogue" there was "Going Boing!" Hands down.
Goodnight Justin, I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.
it was still good and me too but shell probably be in school tomorrow.
one of each!
Welcome to my new followers. We're having some late nite soup. M
Woodson Absolute identity with one's cause is the first and great condition of successful leadership
Might be playing some basketball tomorrow ...
RT: Follow on Twitter
staying up all night & currently listening to black sabbath. I really don't feel like doing laundry at all
Duquette sounds more robotic & monotone than Flacco his rookie year. It's unbelievable. I'm almost asleep.
SPECIAL CONGRATS to our #GoodGuy & #Inspiration \e. Hurt hand and all.. you ROCK!!!
I`d like to give away my iPhone App "Self Acupressure Facelift" in exchange for weekly reports and Testimonials. I have 50 promo codes, DM
If you wanna fly, come and take a ride, Take a space ride with the cowboy, baby
Now open your eyes and get #Blunted with us. We're live at 11 am tomorrow. You tweet, we discuss.
good luck today!! See u soon
Bacon by Sapphire
I am looking for a Automation Tester (1 - 3 yrs exp) for exclusive perm spot in Massachusetts (10 minutes south of Lowell).
I'll be going to the MTV Movie Awards this Sunday. Can't wait!
#Appreciation to @ Cathie_amdg for recent Twitter Love!
I'm pretty sure if I didn't have to go on a field trip today, I wouldn't be here.
Your beautiful when you smile , laugh , and is fun to be around.
All ya really need this time of year is a pair of shades & an ice cold beer & a place to sit somewhere near the water
Todays gonna fly
Google under criticism for its approach to privacy and Google+, but they do some great things beyond search: Analytics, Voice two examples
Want to earn money from clickbank profit, follow
. LOL. When I was teaching at FAU, I saw a student at Club Boca. I forgot he was a student & I hugged him. That was awkward!!
Thanks for the re-tweet, McKinsey!
I'm enjoying this show Weeds. It is definitely not as good as Breaking Bad but i like it.
Good morning world! Running on 3 hours sleep, let's hope this soda helps.
Shut up! Downton Abbey is on TV!
Ok. It appears that 92% of city streets are closed today.
Been getting a lot of comments asking me for a face behind this account...here I am, folks:
WORD. RT : Honestly, Twitter is really turning into an extension of TV. I have no idea what you guys are on about.
You can't tell by the replay. So do we think Davis hit Jones I in the hip with his knee?
Cam is coming undone! Better for us.
Yes they are! Hopefully we will see you at the next #52cardpickup for
what??? You don't have those as a human? You are missing out.
looking forward to meeting everyone!
Merry Christmas to all. And a happy new year :) LOVE LOVE LOVE
My lovely 9feet baby just got tuned&it's sounds amazing! Great 2 hear from my tuner it's the most beautiful Bossendorfer-Imperial he knows.
There's nothing to spar about. And I only tweet about poop every 5 days. Which means I'm due for one Saturday! Stay tuned.
you and me both
Excellent management position available! The Rio Rancho Observer is searching for a Sales Director. Terrific opportunity!
Thanks for the comment and links. I'll check them out. :D
No doubt!!! RT : it was, indeed. He is really doing BIG things.
omg yes!!!!I miss u! I was at the lake with N when u called and then it got late.When can we plan something? xxoo love you!
N its NOT EVEN My Birthday..
Nah but you still owe me $8 bucks haha
I cant think of much I would rather be doing besides what you just described
Great interview on 60 mins right now with Arch Bishop T. Dolan.
I feel better now!
I have an audition tonight with the in Lawrenceville to do ghost tours. It's acting, it pays. Crossing fingers.
Be Careful out there RT : TRAFFIC ALERT - now says pedestrian struck is at 4th and Pa., SE - expect delays there...
birthday in one day
and I got the same
yah, we all need some recharge, this last push has been insane
OMGeee, I need to be in WA for this event!!!
Damn :o Im an a & b student : ) Never the less : P School is hard thou..i try my hardest :) I bet ur grades aren't that bad
whats going on steve
theres no coming back from this one homie
I want to design a solar-powered lawnmower!
please follow me and make me the happiest person ever
If one person falls, the other can reach out and help. But someone who falls alone is in real trouble. Ecc. 4:10
shorty in da bac yea she a star , i tell her bring it bac like a DVR
My condolences for being ill & tired. I may end up sacking out early myself, even though little guy just woke up. Need Plot.
Decided to officially "stop" after this weekend
a photo shoot?? Who the hell do you think you are?!? Juan Gabriel or somebody???
THATCamp, you mean? The journal is co-edited by me and a colleague from Atlanta, so we're a bicoastal operation. :)
You think
" I say chuurch.....preach"
Eating a donut
Like the Q&A session. Taking break from crazy multi-tasking. #GoMobile Great answers by
Don't forget, Mick Jagger is on SNL this weekend, man. Can't miss the Mick.
no the govt is giving a boot to the head of anyone trying to make it without govt handouts by making BS FAIR SHARE speeches & taxes
Alan Ball makes a play! Sort of.
Wow, Starbucks? You guys must have a fat coffee budget up there.
Wait so man city won the league championship in a reg season game? Lol.
I'm home from my performance I got another solo today :)))) so happy can't wait for tour on Friday :))) I have 4 solos !!!! No school for me
welcome to twitter! love her!
TRUTH! RT : First person to call it "Singles Awareness Day" gets punched. You are surrounded by chocolate. Man up and dig in.
Bout To Eat Diz Pizza
been good too :)
good lil fight, now roll up.
Nana does all her black Friday shopping online...it's better for my health and the crazy ass people that's avoiding a nana beat down
At home. studyin for a history test.
Q: Favorite energy drink? (Or do you dislike them all?)
See you on Wednesday in Milwaukee!!
change him sis
Taking my Concealed weapons course on Tuesday...
it's reallybad likeif someone mentions his name I'll belike NO. He'smy rolemodel in life. It's weird becausehe's my moms age
There is no happiness with the new gmail; that theme just slightly mitigated my sadness
Crowd moving to State Street to commence the mock trial and bring to justice!
A nice bday present would Be fir a heated bus to come right now
thanks for being so gracious in Boston on Saturday! always so much fun seeing you! & NJ with last month too!
Ted Hart uses content from his 5 books in "Social Networking & Online Fundraising Success" starting @ 1:15 in room 202-204.
be careful out there
Think our segment on is after the great Kevin Nealon's.
I wish I could sell some of my feelings to other people. Or at least trade for better ones.
Steve Martin there's probably an app for that!
Who else is up and at 'em at 5 am? #couldn'tsleep
THANKS LOVE HAVING HIM BACK HOME WITH MOM&DAD KEEP HIM IN YOUR PRAYERS PLEASE
My Twitter account has been hacked. Please disregard comments about starting your own biz. Not coming from me. Sorry.
What do you love most about winter?
If walking around department store cosmetics aisles count, then yeah I exercised today for an hour.
Thank you for what you bring to my life~! I look forward to enjoying your professional progress. Best wishes!
It's about time to embarrass myself with my mouth again.
Sugar Lip Butter keeps our lips #soft&supple. In this desert heat, we need all the help we can get!
My daughter makes me happy and hopeful at the same time. :-)
the hat was slightly military esk... ha
i love this team.. but we had the bases loaded with no outs and we just left them all on base.. im frustrated..
thanks for the Siri tips. Can't wait to give her a try. I asked her to read my email and she said she couldn't. Weird?
your party is rockin'!!!
I've been outed! RT : One of my heroes doesn't rock with Macs.... Shout out to Lol
Wtf I meant 5625656521 thats the.real numbrr for kyle I swear
Thanks! Figured I'd let everyone know. Should be a lot of fun! It will be on archive if need be
that show got canceled too!
I'm about to Unfollow you, do technically still at 4
Again, soo sweet! I'm just being me.. :)
Oh shit. That crazy bitch back y'all. She tried to walk on the court again.
Alright. Let's get to 110K! He deserves it. Be ready for what he has to come in the future. Follow him.
: Off to la now! From the sun...to more sun!! Hahaha I know, I'm sorry im rubbing it in ;) but I'm British, we chase the sun!! C ...
Attended meeting - preparing parents for their child's b/mitzvah. Question - who prepares parents for their child leaving for college?
I consider myself a professional engineer and still don't get how OS X's "maximize" button is intuitive.
Chef's Special: BBQ Pork Tenderloin Sandwich with purple cabbage slaw, fries, and a drink for just $9!
contacting casting directors for who's casting and submitting talent
Whenever you knock me down, i will not stay on the ground.
He supports this expansion plan. Which is unilateral imposition of TOT increase that voters twice rejected, without public vote
and heather's dog
. I don't say it can't at any level, but it *has* to have a base of support. Much more likely if it begins locally.
sending a thank you letter to the makers.
"Sometimes breaking even is a good goal." Tom Woolway of Torrey Pines Bank @ financial workshop panel.
love ya!! Skype date soon please!
well hurry gurl
Pack it in, Brewers... Is it preseason yet?
Self expression through the unique illustrations used in the voter registration campaign.
I am looking forward to reading your reviews on these goodies!
Back in the big easy, Roy Hargrove and Irvin Mayfield this weekend!
Thanks for stopping by! Quote coming soon.
Physics lab final slaughtered.
write about wat inspires u most of victoria justice
your mom is the best! i'm so excited about this new job!
TSOI-NY is catching GUIDED BY VOICES 2nite Who will get the spinning mic to the teeth from Bob this year? Happy New Year!
i love love love love love me some
call me out on Twitter over some bullshit. You did nothing but start shit yourself so next time you wanna subtweet me saying
When you want added attention given to your vehicle, there's no better place than H2O! We carefully handwash each car!
Just presented to wonderful audience at #secure360 conference. I love technologists with great senses of humor (i.e., laughed at my jokes).
RT :if the troops are wearing full body protective gear, it's likely mustard gas. Face masks would mean tear gas.
oh... And i literally have every song he's ever made. I win!
It's still being developed, but please consider following our Startup Weekend Rochester project,
I wanna do my final editorial in journalism on you!!(:
You're good. Everyone seems to agree with that.
. is another great Mariners blog you should check out if you want to read up on them.
I needa be sleep ...
No Appointment Necessary!! Come in and see us! Home of the "Mix and Match" All strains available all day!! :D
Power outage earlier = shopping for battery backup systems tonight
I'm pretty sure I shouldn't be thinking about the way I am,gulp! Feeling like a cougar for the very 1st time!
I really wanna go see in Philly but nobody will take me :(
Job - BET Networks - EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT, CONSUMER MARKETING & BRAND STRATEGY ¦ NEW YORK, NY. Job Summary: This position directly supports a
watching# world series
Packer fans, take note. MT : Just got the confirmation. LeRoy Butler on Twitter -- follow him
One year since Fukushima.
We have not forgotten those who died and those who were left to carry on on September 11, 2001.
And that is the truth!
3ARWALK3R YOUTUBE VIDEO'S ARE COMING SOON!!!
What you can expect from me today : absolutely nothing.... i will be asleep in every single class except the one that matters - art
New Music Video drops tonight!
Good morning everyone
Can't catch a break...
to interrupt, the cheddar cheese powder is quite delicious. get it from the spice house!
Hi favorite :) What are you up to tonight? Thinking of having a cookout @ my place
We are SO excited to see perform on Wednesday!! Who all is going?? Can't wait to see you there!
Need to get a friend with a boat stat. My family is not into boating. Asked why we didn't own a boat when younger..3 hour speech. "First off
You're almost there!!!
I’m missing spring in the mid-Atlantic, an unfortunate thing. Seattle doesn’t really have a spring. Seattle has winter and August.
At least they're making it an interesting season!
MYLA Peeps are always well represented so lets keep track of them by posting news & photos w hashtag
summer bunnies drive me crazy! you look real good with them 'dukes on baby!
Good thing my rooms clean from Arla being ocd over it yesterday :3
Aye everybody hit up my nigga party tonight at Green Run Clubhouse
Communism is like prohibition, it's a good idea but it won't work. Will Rogers
you and me both. the light in the bathroom at jsl is always pointing out a gray hair or two. god i'm getting old already
Louisiana! Go to the White Owl in Baton Rouge tomorrow! Anyone who brings us delicious Po'boy sandwiches gets free CD's
its all about the taking 30 seconds everyday to click to make sure u get the $ from ur referrals but the truths is u can make $
It's Friday night @ surrendervegas the hottest nightclub around! Make sure to stop by only!
Couldn't wait to get going But wasn't quite ready to leave
Meet representatives from 85 of the hottest startups at the "Startup DC Student Career Expo" Monday from 1-4pm at GWU's Marvin Center
Excited to be heading to on Sunday w/ for tapas goodness!
Does anyone know Sandra Bullock or Matthew Mcconaughey or another Texas celeb? We have an idea for an epic Flashmob.
heck yeah! i'm excited for tomorrow!
#IWannaBe asleep already!
Can you please follow me!!??:)
Big idea 4: 'Getting to, through, and around downtown' (making sure visitors feel comfortable/confident getting around)
Trying to keep myself awake or trying to get myself to sleep. It is usually one or the other.
Football sunday-what u wearing? I'm in a tebow custom tshirt, my oldest son is rocking a new #80 ny giants victor cruz jersey.
Sheryl Is your tour taking you to Pensecola Florida by any chance?
Isn't the real story how the top-shelvers don't even want to run for GOP nomination?
Dear bed, I know you don't like me, but can you please stop throwing me on the floor? My covers hate getting dirty,Sincerely Person.
that doesn't surprise me :p
SO excited for the season finale of tonight, especially now that I know it will be back in the fall!
Everyone make sure to go check-out they were on the WYA Tour with & :)
this is the reason son took a stun gun to school. Its been on CNN all day.
When someone tells u who they r believe them the first time...
hate being sick :/
Any way to link your twitter to google+ ?
“: There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time we fail to protest.~Elie Wiesel”
A word from the wise is sufficient... (Once a lier always a lier) Its hard to deny a talent that's already mastered.
The Kennedy Center at Cape Canaveral is excellent too. The VAB should be on everyone's bucket list.
Jay, the Grizzlies only lost one game. For some reason, it feels like 3.
your boys can't miss tonight man
You know its gonna be a good week when your best friend is back in town :)
"She tells me, "You an asshole, superficial douche bag." Wishing that you knew that, you could have these shoes back."
all these "heat" fans comin @ you ask them who the heat's starting center was b4 lebron got there fake ass fans
i will
I hate boys.
Nick clean's up and MO MONEY turn's out the lights !!! YANKS SWEEP !!!!!!!!
Of course, coming from a DMVer
IK let's send him fanmail
Good things come to those who work
. "Since when is there any difference between Heifetz and the fiddler in the tavern? They're both musicians." James Petrillo
can i get a follow back thickcocku7 from MFC
Sony readers have a direct link to Overdrive just sayin' :) no Adobe Digital Ed needed
is the best...and it seems like this party meets my requirements
Yoga. Let's go.
Enjoyed the set last night! Your 2nd tune reminded me oa bit of Daughter.
you, me & #lakebenson (:
Join the club. RT : Don't have to take MKT final!! Fuck ya. A for days
If I could leave em today...I would
lay your body down x3 .. next to mine <3
Why is it still a surprise when a president makes a surprise visit to Iraq or Afghanistan?
i wanted to rip her hair off ! Argh !
Props to Andrew Bynum, having BEAST night for the
Lol sorry I just had to retweet that cause it was true.
Thanks for the follow! Let me know if anyone you know wants a legal-themed chess set!
We rely on the twisosphere 4 marketing our products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
Apologies for the spamming problems on Friday. Figures the account would get hacked while I was in transit.
Major props-excellent job on the Miles of Memories story.
Yep: Talking heads decrease learning by 42.27% :-P
Our players are now working on Facebook !
please do(: they're will make your day (:
RT Um, GM did't have to pay any federal taxes on its next $45 billion in income as of Jan 1, 11. Where's the #compromise?
RT : “: So apparently #Snooki's due date is December 21, 2012. Well played, Mayans...well played.”...
& ahem, what is this about big boats and women??!!?
Can't wait for Rony Seikaly at #liv on the 27th
Sold out show at 308 W. 133rd. WOW!
no he's not and isn't able to until next week
tacos today?
so... what are you doing on Friday?
all weekend?
'Anus' backwards is 'Suna'. 'Suna' rhymes with 'Tuna', that's why I do NOT fuck with tuna
agreed. But that was a new low for even Barton.
Sad but true my friend!
thanks! Then I remembered we have our show to watch and felt little better
probably a mile. Maybe little more. Taxis are prevalent in the Dells now, it'd be an easy cheap ride if need be.
it's beat, where the hell are you from?!
6B: DUSABLE; BIKING; MAKE NO LITTLE PLANS
happy new year!
Dont wanna go to practice tomorrow! #FML at least we get to go to the #HungerGames for a field trip. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
When is season 4 of jersey shore gonna start.
Ditto RT : #IfItWasntForBaseball I would have never joined Twitter and met so many wonderful Tribe fans! #GoTribe!
It indeed was hard to get out of the bed this morning...
you have to go try these -- has _wild boar_ burgers today.
yes i cant wait to see all these new improvements, i already pre-ordered!
I just wasn't sure if you or someone you knew had quick tips for alleviating the pain. Happy to hear you're doing great!
Bad final play by #Wisconsin. Should have shot from the paint and not heaved a desperation 3. MSU also losing. Bad night for
I'm excited about #Longmire! I had an audition for the show just last week. Can't wait to see it!
I had such a great time serving up breakfast this morning for The Gathering of Southeast Wisconsin. What a wonderful way to start the day!
Your picture says your last name is Ryan and it looks nothing like you.
“: Talk about cool...the legendary Marv Albert will call the UK-Florida game on Sunday” -> Legendary for 45 min face sits?
We're lining up some really neat video and production classes soon! Stay tuned!
*Detective Alonzo Harris voice* You wanna go to jail or you wanna go home?
I love you. And I wish I could meet you :)
Thanks for the follow!
they animated BlackSpider, just like any SpiderMan cartoon & even hired a recent SM voice actor to deliver a little SM style banter
My sister read the book and wanted to go. It was very good. I've read a few Nicholas Sparks books...
Or cheap chicken either works.
Watching on Charlie Rose Currently #amreading his book "Imagine - How Creativity Works"
Made a new Yahoo s/n add me to chat leothelion361
September 9, 1999 - Jim "Catfish" Hunter dies at the age of 53.
follow me?(:
everyone RT my last tweet for a shotout to get more followers!!:)
MT too fast. Malone called recently to say he's feeling better. Look for update on Dome
Mitt Romney wants to bet $10K on the Lions
Laptop bag strap broke, Layla's laptop screen broke, assigned a project with an impossible deadline and cellphone stolen. Must be Monday :-(
Ah, that makes perfect sense..the technical explanation of why folk Euro's always seem off-beat, lol
Xfinity Live tonight w/Third Eye Blind? visit me at PBR Bar & then go to The Legendary Dobbs for Travia w/ Lemongelli, Starskream & more!!
No man is good enough to govern any woman without her consent. - Susan B. Anthony
Haha! I have Michigan losing today against Ohio :)
Glad it's Saturday... I wonder who's gonna win the fight tonight??? Hm
Motivate - Constant dripping hollows out a stone.
the Cubs have the largest following in MLB. Their fans are everywhere.
Is your health important to you? I urge you to think about it!
Corrosion of conformity...
i hate it when im tired but cant fall asleep!!! <U+E059><U+E421>
trend alert : cbis has followed a morning sell off trend then a buy back right around this time check daily charts
Hey, Twitterers - does anybody know where we might find a working Polaroid camera?! The old fashioned shake-to-develop kind, with film.
Oh cali weather... How I've missed you!
LOVE consulting with classroom teachers on strategies to help comprehension for reading and classroom dynamics.
Can't wait! RT : We'll be chatting about FITNESS in Chicago in today's #CHIchat - join us at 11am!
safe travels to you on your way to
Ha! But I just saw the anchor spot.
Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
you know I will do a sketch card for you. :)
Blargh :( I'm so sorry!
Rain some more, please?
went shopping for a new desk chair, but didn't find any I liked. Came back, sat in my old chair, and it broke...what are the chances?
Diamonds are just chunks of coal that stuck to their jobs.
threw up at dance today...nbd.
Seriously, Truvia needs to hire a new ad agency...their commercials are horrid....stupid songs and bad singer....
Time to go wash my slab x)
Reading a textbook.... the fun friday night of a #libraryschool student.
I miss you too girl! Chicago may 18th til the 21st tho we have to hang out
about to go to work...y'all tell me who wins the LAL/DEN game
My sources say my dear friend delivered a great commencement speech Thus we welcome her as an honorary Seahawk.
-crosses fingers for you-
no! that was such a beautiful tree :(
Prayin for daylight, Waitin for that mornin sun; So, I can act like my whole life aint goin wrong.
i just don't ship thema t all tho so
A3: Continuing to support small biz every day, not just during events or when Main Street is in the news
Don't forget to come and see us today at the Digital Marketing Forum!
Happy birthday !! :)
They laid her next to him beneath the wilow, while the angels sang a whiskey lullaby....
whats ur locker combo and locker #
Attending Social Media for Disaster Response & Recovery #Richmond with &
just saw Harry potter deathly hallowsprt.2 for the 2nd time and still cried my eyes out....one of the best movies ever...AMAZED!
#NowPlaying Q-tip "Believe" . . . That weekend vibe is closing in on me.
Fack I'm tired.
Phat Ass or Flat Ass what do u like? I like Phat Asses lmao I'm a fool fasho
#edcocp Misconception: SNA/Network reveals *the* influencer. There are many kinds of influence. I prefer "strategic locations".
Sometimes people who are a thousand miles away can make you feel better than the ones right beside you.
yep, like almost at midnight
not responding well. But still full of balls.
RIP Maurice Sendak
Does anyone have Oreo cookies they can share??
So you took a poll of PRISON OFFICERS and they all said drug money? Wow! Well I never! LOL. Yeah.
Choose you boss. Choose your company.
they really should just throw it in some barrels and see what happens. That is how Domique was made w/ sour Matilda.
Personal trees do all this and more. Best of all our personal tree will be there to listen as often as we need to talk.
not bad man, with RG3 this team might go 8-8 or maybe even 9-7 depending on how he can connect with those guys
Either eugene levy gained 300 ibs or I just saw the best doppleganger ever
Kenny G brand of Vibrators that play smooth jazz sax and named The 'G' Spot!...Genius!
RT : The fundamental question for our nation: what is our sustainable path?
where is ?!
Thanksgiving Eve is a holiday that gays celebrate by going out to bars to avoid spending time with their families.
"Is nature poetry worth talking about as a subgenre?..."
v Access, Round 4
Fuck the emergency
really?!? Its only a little guy?!?
RT : Wait--the kids are calling it an "EYE" now? RT : The chair at my eye doctor has stirrups this is normal right?
Only if you want!
Days flying by.....
HAVING A DANCE PARTY. AS ONE DOES
100 pgs into #metawars! Amazing world-building!!! Totally into it!
RT : When I finish filming, I always sit there and am like 'oh'..I wanna film more! Haha
Did you and your buddies make it to any rooftop bars this weekend? :)
I miss you!
I can hear Herzog's talent. It's real. But I lost interest in her characters as soon as it felt that she had, too.
#dh2010 Is emulation a means to an end (getting file), or an end in itself?
Support independent artists!
Yes. I need a drink. Or seven.
Awesome news, congrats!
see recent study on consumption of red meat and increased mortality. It's not a matter of pink vs red its life vs death
what's up listenbee! be sure and tweet your events/openings iwith #chicagoartscene and I'll help get the word out :)
no problem let's cash even more...
are you goig to Vegas with out me!
Congratulations to all the winners last night. Lets work together to make #Richmondbc the wonderful place it is.
A very short list of things can make me lose my appetite. 'Ironic beards' just made it longer.
Loved seeing everyone last night at the meetup! Thanks for coming!
Sorry to hear. You met him, just not traditionally. Maybe you knew a side of him that his real-life friends didn't.
Prep for the fake punt.
My favorite! ~Green Goddess Dressing: Blend 2 anchovy/1 garlic clove/1c mayo/½c sour crm/½c parsley/¼c tarragon/2T chives/2T lemon juice/s&p
Aw I prob wont be there :(
I think the Nike+ app tracks distance, but I am not sure if it does calories. Maybe also something by BodyBugg?
I think the #GrammyAwards should be postponed!!! This is just a situation in which the show just cant go on!!
I am so thankful for the urban dictionary.
Txs! My online course teaches you how to make good web pages and sites. Can't beat the personal attention I give to each student.
On #WorldAIDSDay ,a profile of a wonderful program bring handmade toy bears to #AIDS #orphans in
I dislike fivefinger shoes just so much, especially in urban terrain. blehhh.
For sum reason wen ppl spell sum wrong i look at the keybored to see how close the letters is to see if they messed up or just can't spell
What are your NY plans?
Anyone know what's going on with blogger? It says it's unavailable. Bit note from blogger says they are done with maintenance...???
Union South wins Best New Building in Wisconsin? Sounds about right to me. Just another W for !
Zachary Scott~ As you grow older youll find the only things you regret are the things you didnt do.
Watching #FaceOff on Awesome talent on this show.
Well, sometimes I think, 'I could make that better now . . '
lol is literally the only thing that can be said in that situation
Not a fuck was given today! :)
The house #budget sets the wrong priorities and puts the burden of debt reduction on
chill your blacker then me lol.
If you like to laugh, follow He's cracking me up today!
haha Boggs you know I need to visit. With Ang. Any rugby in KC this year?
#hacked! damn it!
RT : Congrats to my boy to representing dudes that are faithful to their wives,God & who love their kids!
SWEEPSTAKES: Enter the Breathe Right - Good Night Sweepstakes. Win a allergy-free, microfiber fleece blanket. Click on this link to...
You had me at hello :)
Yammer has been used at Smithsonian to increase info flow and transparency, crowdsourcing, cultivating innovation. Erixon-Stanford
Come join us at "The Legends" Best Ball Shootout June 30th - Grant Park Golf Course - VMPCARES.COM
is getting her naval pierced <3 proud of my killian hoe.
Super fun last show with A Line Between last night.
your boy will be home on Friday night...we should plan something for Fri. or Sat. I would love to take your $$
OMG, me too! We're obviously psychotic.
thanks man that means alot. Do you think you could let me know when you uploaded it
The Power game tonight starts at 8, but usually games are a bit earlier, 7:30.
yea totally rooting for him to make it back to the NBA. Also had fun watching him at Summer League vs. Blake
Where the sun don't shine is where a flashlight might shine during a cavity search...
so what's going on, ma???
Dear Boston Globe... charging money for your online content just means... I won't read your online content. *sigh* *heads to another site*
Need to get my body used to doing this again if I wanna be able to work the 80+ hours a week this summer I'm planning on
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
I hope it rains! :D
I HOPE - bad step
New poll on urbanmilwaukee.com - where should the next bicycle corral go?
so much for my happy ending <3
thats to be expected ,.its why women in their 30's are better than ghose in their 20's
Throw in the towels BULLS
Lovin' the album and looking forward to interview on Friday at ; fans lemme know questions
yes its the American society of journalists & authors :)
the Samsung ad kind of confused me - all that excitement about a pen? That I'm gonna lose?
What in the blazes is up with Chris Rock's afro? and what about that earring? damn
Tonight you can also purchase tickets to the benefit if you have not yet done so.
we are extremely grateful for you and what you have brought K Studio!
Ay, the anticipation is killing me
me too :D
Thanks. Yeah, I should have mentioned that!
Catching up on #IL2011 in the comfort of my office.
"Seek the peace and prosperity of the city. . .Pray to the Lord for it, because if it prospers, you too will prosper" -Jer 29:7
smh, shoot I know right!
Truth is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Don't wake me UP
what size did you get.
Josh goes, "Why do you want to know?" And the man says, "Because I'm bi-curious, man!"
actually im going to sleep ill call tomorrow. it wasnt important
i be cheatin like a mofo in logos quiz lol
#iLostMyVirgintyTo my bed im with it every night
Can you imagine what it must feel like for these guys right now? SO cool!
For all y'all going on about Star Wars Day, just remember, tomorrow is Revenge of the Fifth.
Great to see you too, Keri! Missed the kickoff yesterday w/ (was in Italy!), but will catch up later!
Alec Baldwin just referred to a particularly ornery elephant seal as "the Beachmaster." God, I love Disocvery Channel.
hot indeed
Before the last month of the season I would have agreed but I think #TheLakeShow came into their own those games w/o Kobe.
Lets Go #Chelsea !!
homemade guacamole is the only guacamole for these reasons
“ Satin is having twins. Isn't that special. #ahsfx”
To spread the word about Bader Rutter and find the right fit for people in our company.
We all do lol
Spanish girls love me like I'm Aventura...
I help you find your new apartment home call today 858.279.7410
Just had my dress lifted to the crowd by a curious dog!! Lol!
#HillerHelps - In #ReconciliationLaw the crisis is a wake up call for constructive personal change.
OKAY. Its been raining rhunderstorming crap for the past 2 hours I GET THE POINT!
We offer Pick Up & Mobile Service. File At Home
Can't wait! ETA?
hmm. Very interesting. Has he bulked up at all?
Cheers to that!! RT : Here is to a great 2012!
Possible strep throat
I'm glad you are too!
Thank you ! RT : Following you. Powerful :"Unemployment Devotions to go".
“There is nothing more genuine than breaking away from the chorus to learn the sound of your own voice.” - Po Bronson
here's a question: do Romar & co. not teach it, not teach it well, or do these players just not listen?
I've got Scott Stapp and a Kardashian scheduled for next week. Cool?
me too!!!!!!! So soothing
Love Original & Light Mini Babybels! Have Queso Fresco & Chipotle on shopping list! #cheese RT : Yes! What's your favorite?
For sure. FOLLOWED (:
is waiting for my cousin to come over and hang out!
Thought a lot about ethics and archives today. I hope to talk about this more in class.
Planning a trip home to visit family!! I miss them!
yours is inspiring!! :)
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 11
My junior high crush! RT : So pumped to hear Wayne Gretsky speak to close out #AFPmeet!!!
I need to get a juicer.
A bloody mary this morning. It was a long and glorious weekend. RT : It's Monday! What's in your glass?
I mean the one that i have the number for dummy
Sherri Hill Trunk Show is here! Call us today we have very limited appointments left. (713) 467-4646 or
sorry, I lost ur number when I reset my phone.
wow it feels like spring
Each time you fall you learn something new which will help u to get up and fight better and stronger....<U+2665>
LeBron shreds Knicks, says pressure is lower
Failure is the path of least persistence.
i was a child prodigy. I'm only 32. IT Management makes me look like this. ;)
oh man....hahaha....enjoy that train ride!
I say the same ;)
also very little dialogue. One note: the nom'd films are accompanied by 4 others. I've only seen one of those.
lol im suppost to be revising for my geog test tomorrow. lol never mind.
uh oh, is she on twitter now, too?
Tim Thomas leads the #Bruins onto the ice for the 3rd period.
that's ridiculous
RT Iphone or BlackBerry which one is better need your answer!!!
One bad tasting beer last night has given me a headache aIll day, at least I took 2nd place in my home game tourney.
yeah why didn't I put Just Blaze? Brain fart. Also trying to sound like I still pay attention to rap producers.
Cocaine Cowboys while I edit.
There's a first for everything!
congrats on the grammy nom!!
It’s best to exercise outdoors on days that have cooler temps, higher humidity, and only a little wind.
I.S.D. Locksmith Pacific Beach offer affordable prices, whenever it`s possible. We will give a fixed price for the work. With us you will ha
and they should.
I`ve always wanted to go into an elevator full of strangers and say "I bet you`re wondering why I`ve gathered you all here today.
RT : Next wk: will the Supreme Court officially condone the use of racial profiling against Hispanics in the US?...
tremendous and very ambitious of you!
Let's trend this
This was the best day except for my car being wrecked I will let the attorney handle all of that. I'm so pround of my Pamela she gave
Very unhappy with American Idol. They can pay Seacrest and Cowell outrageous sums of money but screw Paula? WTF.
lol yeah I was just alittle bit frozen!
Have a great weekend too!
I just finished a 3.87 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
(Auburn) war
Thats a "vulgar" comment! Uh!
Missing #Glee :'( gotta finish my history project yay... -_-
...strong enough to withstand the sweet temptations of the Breakfast Deal?
GOAL! Lindenwood converts on the 2 on 1 to pull back to within one. 17:09 left. 3-2 Delaware lead
I just realized how much I talk about salad.
I am way ahead of you getting her fired!
Jellyfishing making me feel alright
Not looking foward to today :c
The way in witch the system is structured its built to supress u
says we need to spotlight our non-profit senior programs and reach out to our generous San Diego Natives
that's the day after my b-day lol:p
look I have like three girls over here fingering themselves to u
Just had world's hottest salsa. Wooee.
I'm not saying I agree with Abraham when he took Hagar...but I do understand
So wal mart just called me.........awesome!lol:P HE>i
Had a great time last night at City Tavern! Thanks to everyone that came out! A lot of new shows added so be sure to check out our schedule
Egoist is like a long time sitting in the well.
let us know how it is!
Leave it out bruv, you'll love it! <3
Get 20% off the new Bitter Sober album....find out how: www.wearebittersober.com
No, I'm a huge fan. Love Banksy-
hotel dining is so-so, but there isn't much within walking distance. Since you probably have more free time today though...
me and have the same birthday.
Forget what you want, and remember what you deserve.
It's crazy! Why not hire someone for a fraction of the cost for better results? People usually look like aliens post-plastic
gave in to twitter I see :) welcome
Wow Phil Humber got a LUCKY call on that check swing. They won't show replays but it looked like he may have held up.
Christmas party at LBJ Ranch
LIFT-Philadelphia offices are closed Mon- Wed, call to locate #Philly resources!
Telling the truth about someone doesn't makes you a hater.
some dudes are outta control...need to keep their sex noises at home O_0
yes I'm safe thanks!
~Extremely busy day today.....phewf!
Almost squashed this guy on a motorcycle because he just had to pass me illegally. Patience is a virtue, idiot.
Hey The Deli, just wanted to say what's up from Thoae Guys. Keep up the great work.
Or even, you know, ungodly leaders. Or any bloody leaders at all.
Thanks so much! I appreciate it!
Just got confirmation that I'm cast in a feature in Pittsburgh.....
Why do neighbors love to raise my blood pressure and heart rate?
HRT Participações em Petróleo S.A. - Notice of partial lack of quorum of the Special Shareholders&#39; Meeting called for ...
Come see us this weekend at the fillmore jazz festival in san Francisco
"Username or Password incorrect." TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH
Our "Inventing the Future" for this Tuesday at the RI is now sold out. Contact if you're still looking for a ticket.
I found a train diagram to pick our seats, but is running a different train with one less car, so our reservations are invalid.
what days will you be here??
Over 3000 praises of thanks to our Navy Seals for their heroic accomplishment...
Thought my old shop teacher was saying he liked our show. Forgot he only has the thumb left. Wish I hadn't given a thumbs up back.
Hoes will be hoes. They like to play around, so tell me how to love one that's running like a hound.
think I peed twice during this. Hilarious clear winner here though.. I love you Jay!
I can't use your Help forms because I can't post *anything* in #Facebook. wth!
S/O THE BIG HOMIE FOLLOW THE LEADER.
Text me. Text me. Text me.
yes. if you come up w/ a way to help the world remember too.
likewise! Hope you and little man enjoy the rest of the weekend!
Can't believe im gonna miss Charles Bradley ugh!
I love finding money in my clothes. It's like a gift to me…from me.
Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria , Uh HI :)
I hate sitting through a long animation of a firms portfolio waiting for the navigation menu to load.
Yes! New t-shirts are a must!
Keep in check please- was drunk texting me about glow sticks & wanting me to move to FL til 2AM. I turned my phone off.
I am the master at #logosquiz!
Soko Photo is shooting & working on photos, of course.
Getting pizza at Bronx Pizza in Hillcrest after walking a few miles. I feel this pizza is justified
Never seen Milwaukee's Best View for yourself? Come join us in our little corner of the river. We believe we've got the food to match it. :)
Best Disney movie. Agreed!
we like to think we're doing our part to help address developer API integration pain.
well you are in for a treat! He puts on a hell of a show!
good luck x
Its beautiful when a girl starts crying while presenting their report&its emotional....(: then i'm there to comfort them...
Good Luck!!! May I ask what is the battle you're up against right now?
RT : We're always up for volunteer help so if you are ever interested in joining us, just tweet to me! Thanks again~
#pointlesscelebrities Paris Hilton and Kim Kardasian
Automatic Update for July 2011.
Thank you for your promote our products on Amazon. Your blog looks great. Could we have a guest post on your blog?
Psycho T lol
Excellent news re TESSA & SLJ. Lots of librarian eyes will hit that one!
Coming from the guy that struck out against Margo Meverdan?
Lambeau tour today with my bro and sister!
": the algorithm doesn't care about you"
"No shoes No shirt No service" doesn't apply at drive-thru
also, focus on creating economies where people are more valuable outside than locked up-end the school to prison pipeline!
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day so have some now. Keep smiling.
i just got 2 school. I had soccer practicee.
Get your spook on at Buddha Bar tonight! Think you got the best costume? Prove it ! You could win a free bottle of Dom Perignon!
OMG! You are going on Austin's concert? Woo, lucky. :) x
ah im so happyy!!! ha aww i sound so cute on the radio!!
God is able to do the impossible and is always near.
i dont think we have ever even once had a long convo but none the less happy B-day
We know your home is your most important investment, get a risk free estimate today to put your mind at ease.
I'm not sure she even knows that's a thing it's possible to do.
At the surgicenter waiting for moms surgery to start so I can go eat
Librarians help you improve the value of your question - not retrieving content -
oh good point, everybody likes vegans and if I talk more about being vegan more people will like ME
Our wide choice of loan programs and mortgage services allow us to recommend the loan product that best meets your specific needs.
and it did! well that and the mountain dew. :P
Do you go ever day?
I would be with you every second of every day.
you tweeted the wrong person :p
Valley Passage in Men Valley
Thinking the same thing. Although this team is young, won't lose a ton of players and needs some playmakers on defense.
Time to get some junk and watch a ton of movies
great work coach!
Kitty needs a Twitter account.
I think he replaced "will" with "may," going into that last break. I'm with you, RE: the dishonesty thing.
I like Chrome, but find the lack of "print preview" to be intolerable. Maybe I'd care less and like it more on my mobile.
That is a great idea...we'll keep you posted if we come up with something. :)
Congrats on the engagement! Your going to be a beautiful bride, I'm happy for u both!!
we got meatloaf ... Mount Union alum....
ImMadBecause it's raining and chilly, and it was 90 degrees just a week ago. :/
I'm trying to remember what life was like with out weekly voice lessons. Just this year alone my voice has changed like crazy.
i swear i cant say sheet without having a looonnggass speech
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You..[=
someone just told me this: time+ observation=wisdom
Classes have been canceled today at UW Rock County in Janesville, due to power outages that are expected to last through the day.
Ok looks like I've reached my following limit:( y'all gotta get me some more followers or I gotta "unfollow" some people. Stupid Twitter!
Dont move on to the next before settling your past relationships, the past has a way of hunting your future.
has some serious domestic abilities!! Thx for my first home cooked meal in months..Ladies he is single!!
Last nights digging ended up with mass deletion of unused serato crates. Funny, getting rid of songs made me feel better!
Eat my words and then swallow your pride down down down!!
Congrats on the clean bill of health. :)
Lebron is too good.
Feels good to be back in Dorch, and of course I have a busy day ahead of me
slamming - the new single love it
that's great! what a cool organization.
It'll be interesting to see reactions when SOUL FOOD JUNKIES comes out.
90 mins into the show & we get DLR solo plucking a guitar while telling stories about his sheep & cattle dogs as an intro to Ice Cream Man
For the next 6 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: $6.99 Buffalo Wing Special
Ohh you know I will be in that shit forsure lol be ready!!!!!! ;)
Finally watching your birthday show. Absoluutely loved the Broadway song to you!
Ryan Tannehill is a 3x academic all big 12. Mad respect.
should rename their song from "Wait So Long" to "Song So Good."
So fuckin tired....
Yes, so true. Airfare there is ridiculous. Esp from the East Coast. It was crazy when I went about 16 years ago too.
My wife just warned me not to get too skinny and that I should "bulk up" a bit. Hm....Guess I'll be hitting the gym!
looking for a #qa lead here in austin with #gaming experience
Reading/Lang Arts at 3/25 Family Sun. stories, snacks, Friends of the Library booksale, crafts.
Well......isn't that what ur doing right now? :)
Hey look everbody she think she cute!! NOT! lol
My idiot dog has a hook in his mouth !
and people are still going to vote for him
That little San Francisco kid is pissing me off. That last charge call was awful. He was blocking the path.
Laying with my baby all night just makes things feel so perfect. I like the way things are <3
Yay! Yeah...I definitely serenaded rush hour traffic the other day ; )
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
hope you're okay beautiful! <3
Out for summer that is. One more year until I graduate.
follow me austin please
You could be the next winner in the CBS 58 Great Gas Card Giveaway! Tune in this half hour to find out how.
There comes a life where you should just grow up and quit throwing your pussy like a football.
I'm not drunk... Floors need hugs too.
Hey there. Will do. I haven't been on here in a while. Busy writing. Talk to you later!
Mohawk no. What is the real question ?
Ok, Twitterverse: best place to rent a margarita machine in Houston? I'm looking for cheap and convenient. ?
Shocked kid, to my 14yo son: "Dude, you don't know who Peter Griffin is?" My son: "Do YOU know who Professor Moriarty is?"
People become attached to their burdens sometimes more than the burdens are attached to them. - George Bernard Shaw
"Is Wayne Brady gonna have to Djokovic?" - Best line on Sportscenter today
I think Matt Flynn's day may cost Rogers the MVP. I think Brees wins it.
Those awkward moments when knows who it is while calling restricteded. HateLies<3Trust
While they're at it, they can expect a PS4 and Xbox 720 reveal next month at the retail price of 199.99
Right... if you're using WP as a CMS, you should use Pages and not Posts for normal non-timed content.
Hello, people of twitter! Please follow my organization :)
Why were the #Raptors wout 1 of their stars last night? WWW.ussportspages.com
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>oh I'm moving definitely in the summer.
Hello How are you Doing today?
true, too tough to pick lol
LMAO @ Michigan. way to get BEAT by OHIO. Hey Trey Burke, that clutch shooting down the stretch is justifies OSU not recruiting you.
I'm tryin not to unfollow ppl but it ain't lookin too good
All-nighters. Coffee. Chai. Music. Essays. Homework. Tests. Work. Pizza rolls. No sleep. = my college experience.
Oh it's such a perfect day / I'm glad I spent it with you / It's such a perfect day / You keep me hanging on
People in a massage waiting room are the most annoying people ever. This is a quiet place. Stop talking to yourself and chewing mints.
may I recommend a designated social media person 4every conference? I'm so disappointed that the #MarriageAmerica was a tweet bust
Getting ready for the operations meeting. We in the home stretch....
Wants a juicer.
actually, our skin starts to boil
i know we should. Lets do it!(:
Shut and get your shit together. RT You came here w/ full knowledge I was your QB. Play #Tebow if you want me to go away!
That's not really fair on my side..
Hometown buffet with my mom!
RT : Somebody put my girl on radio!!!
A show called malik jihad is on tv..... :) ~16days<3x~
Did u miss us? Because we certainly missed u! Well, we r back baby so one way or another get on over here and come see us!
Any improvements to Lowell Park?
Very true! I like it!
:) you're too kind
RT : We did, they didn't :( "…We're SO close to 80K followers that if U tell UR followers to follow US we'll follow U back?"
I'm a busy man.
Congrats Michael Best! Best Law Firm at Corporate Report WI Best of Business Awards
code used already?
<<<-Over the top! Your imitation was on point!
Have a great Class out there!! Have fun and happy birthday Millie :)
I literally just cried listening to #Sanctuary. So proud <3
pinche auto correct.....I ments to say tell her la yorna is coming
The yankees ball for sure.
Sorry delayed reaction while on vacay. That photo thing you were talking about ...
Pattycake, pattycake, a bacon man, mixitall up grille it in a pan=bacon cakes.....uummmm good!
I think you mean Shamrock partially gelatinated non-dairy gum-based beverage
On my way to get STI & HIV tested :^) Knowledge is Power!
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.”
I don't even know what that means.
Thanks. We'll check it out!
Considering splurging on a newer, lighter more trail-appropriate bike. But this one will do for now. :)
I'll be in the mix @ The Hangar Tonight. $2.75 almost anything all night long! (8203 Broadway)10p.m.
Follow your heart :)
- will update the part about #Indonesia in her "Allah, Liberty & Love"
#FF , , and to see why we're so excited about teaching history through games (video and other)
but you're so good at it!
Aisha Tyler has huge giant hands in real life I see...
I'm smart, I'm athletic, I'm a total sweetheart, I can cook a mean dinner, and I have nice rack? What more do you want from me.
#Wierdest thing i tried for the first time today...rice with guacamole&lemon.:P...sounds gross but its pretty good
Having a "Why did I say that?" moment. In a phone interview I referred to #Perl as a hipster #programming language. WTF does that even mean?
did you not like the vow?
Yo! Djm3 is near done doing a remix of your song into a house track.... I have to say ...its fire bro
. It's even more fun when elementary students visit an academic library!
The marble not yet carved can hold the form of every thought the greatest artist has. -Michelangelo
“: I just chastised for misspelling the name of my imaginary childhood friend.” mine = Mr. & Mrs. Devil :-0
Gonna be singing live on the radio tonight
RT : Old joke. Woman to baseball player: "I just loove athletes." Player: "Maam, I'm no athlete, I'm a ballplayer,"
We'll have two reviews going live first thing in the morning! Get ready to read our thoughts on Minecraft (XBLA) and Awesomenauts!
-- good to meet you! :-) Melinda
Already SO excited about #springbreak #pcb2012 !!!
Totally! I'll put you down for 2 tix and will send you a pm as soon as I post the event on meetup. Cheers!
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Needless to say since Christs expiation not one single Christian has been known to sin or die.
Frank ocean can suck my dick I hate his music lol
good man! How's school?
it's ok! i'm not disappointed, so you shouldn't be either
On my way to class
haha, same thing here. Great seeing you again. Are u going to HOF? I was gonna see if ppl want to meet up b4
#RandomThought I'm glad I never got burned
Man I hate lame niggers
Hey Everybody if your're a Berkeley College Student start hash tagging #BCLife. Lets make #BCLife a movement.
Who's cool &' never notices me. (: HEHE. <3 yepp he's cool.
Good how about you?
Mc and Streetz,Grimetime, and More will be tearing down Mandees July 16th Release Party its gonna be classic!!!!
keep telling yourself that
k txt me if you got questions :)
Is a cure for aging near? Heard a morning show will talk about that on Tuesday morning (12-13-2011). Not sure which TV show, post if U no.
David Beckham's underwear ad made me think impure thoughts.
sounds good! U kicked ass tonight! We loved ur solo's!!!
": Ain't no fun . . ." If the homies cant have none!
girl you better start tomorrow, cramming the night before aint gonna work. Lol.
Ever thought of how much money you spend a year on gas while circling to find a parking spot? Send us your guesses and we'll tell you!
The numbers are in! Thanks to all that helped raise over 10,000 pounds of food for the Hunger Task Force!
Life is not about "finding your self"~It is about Creating yourself!
Flights are resuming, but plenty of travelers still need help call volume up as much as 66% from
Thanks man love ya too! Wish you were here.
1st thoughts of Impostito's: everyone here (employees & diners) looks like they "know a guy." Also, crab & crawfish cannelloni do NOT suck.
Cool, I will have to look into it. Thanks!
No talking
I'm on a follow limit:(
Once again, we're bringing our POSITIVE message to WKY! Doing media interviews from E-town all the way to Princeton.
tweet me numbers, and i'll rate your profile?
Metament: When too much metadata gets in the way.
Ah..Thursday night..that's all..
need a co-owner any one up for the position ? xD
Uh don't get an attitude with me kid.
I believe watching Disney movies as a child gazillion times, is normal, I did that too as well. :)
I'm ok with a little rain in March, but it should also be 50 degrees out first!
happy in our circle, until the sky turns purple.
Our line is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week to solve any HVAC issues! Timely & reliable service, that is what we offer!!!!!
"The essence of any true transformation lies in the letting go." ~Katherine Woodward Thomas
The biggest people seem to always drive the smallest cars.
what did he do?
A dusting of snow on the ground. Is it going to stop you from hitting the boat show today? Come on
Just came back from watching Cabin in the woods. Everyone go see it, its an awesome movie! Very entertaining!
that's awesome! Which show?
vs Lock-Up (me and ). Watch the heads roll.
The kid is watching Handy Manny, a bilingual show about a Hispanic fix-it guy. Does anyone else see the stereotype here, or is it just me?
Hang out B40, Cathy
I gotta smile for my girl , when its time to walk .
Had a blast at the Do Something Awards w !! And I got to brierfly see !! Watch Thurs. 8/18 @ 9pm!
Jimmy check out the ninja. I love mine and use it everyday
not me. Nowhere near the variety of the original k cups.
Jelly. RT : Granny Asia in her fur coats and church hats. <3
thanks Vanessa! Happy Friday!
Look it up under B, for Bugs Meany.
I think I wanna go CHRISTMAS CAROLING! UH caroling, UH caroling uhh caroling we go........
#scms12 reads the sexist code comments in JFK Reloaded: revealing the game as like a snuff film
Hi Joan!! Have a great day!!
[Did you know] Stock wristband orders placed before 2pm EST M-F are out our doors and headed your way the same day? We're quick like that!
Oh no! Are you okay?
i will always follow you :)
#PrayForAngel I Hate Too See Austin Sad</3
Is it lunch time yet? :D RT : Only One Thing Comes To Mind, YUUUUUMMM!!!
profs and students - do u use refworks, endnote, other app to database ur references? what app is ur fav?
ha ha i think that's why people like her. you never know what to expect. :)
sorry meant tuesday night is the only night for Megan and I to chill...So Wednesday might be better.
Not even close babe
RT : Tonight. 6:30pm speed workout! Bag drop downstairs at the store then off to the track!!! WOOHOOO!
...They motivate others to exceed their limits and look for innovative ways to improve the organization." - Kouzes & Posner
Haha what are trying to say?!
I just want to go & sleep forever. Get my mind off of things, and forget about the world.
Can't wait to go for drinks on an outdoor patio tonight! What restaurants have outdoor spaces open already?
ohio state and I see
man chillin in Columbus bro. when you and B taking a road trip?! man I think last time I seen you was in BG
They Live in my pants
Difference between school & life: In school, youre taught a lesson then given a test. In life, youre given a test that teaches you a lesson.
it's a question/issue that comes up every year and she's always on top of it!
Hello, Juarez, my old friend! :D
LOL! I have the same 'issue'. We're total book hoarders.
Here's to hoping that Reed Hastings thought it was April Fool's Day. #netfilxfailsagain (aka, prepping for bankruptcy)
Kappa Delta song of dreams
will you follow me!? :)
I wish getting sex ... perfect gift Lmao
So little bears has that name because hes little?? whats his name when hes all grown up?
blastin DMx in the hood..... I mean Ok
retinols are going to eat up your skin. newer technology using amino acids (peptide based) are genlter succesful.
ElizabethABQ thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Don't be afraid of success!!!
Only 4k loss? Be grateful you're running above expectation fishcake. : )
The title is The Book of Poems of That Traveler a Poetry Novel of 120 poems. please again check it out. Thank You.
": I gotta stay focused....... MONEY IS THE SUBJECT!!!"
#Writers: #StephenKing On Writing: "...if you can do it for joy, you can do it forever." p. 249
Nice talking ! RT glad you could make it!
I can't send you my e-mail via direct msg b/ca you aren't following me.
Gold Beach / gets a hat
From NOW until Saturday February 25th ALL Handbags are 25% off!!!
Debt crisis!Start contacting da Senator representing da state u reside in before da beginning of da end surfaces&ur money is soon worthless.
Ximedica's David Fink: Per FDA, medical device designers need 2 understand - & test - "human factor" & anticipate user errors.
oh my goodness.... Lol goodnight Liz :)
"Hispanic" - includes the Spanish conquerors and by definition, favors European cultural invasion, not indigenous roots.
Your requests and Belmont BBQ on the Powerdrive at 5 w/Helen Powers. Studio: 978 1023 or
by jove it worked!
Screaming kids in the pool could be annoying, but I'm just happy to hear someone using our pool
she's on the phone, but thanks for being concerned.
Ugh, my computer keeps running so fucking slow!!!!!
Producing hat fitting more comfy!
........ Can rent 2 like spend the night over there. That would be fun.
Shout out to wearing earphones at work even though your not playing anything so no one bothers you and you can hear everything
In honor of #summeriscoming I am giving up candy for lent. 46 days to go...
Will do!
Lets go bro. send me the info to : or call me at 770 572 0861
Chubb: Promise of digital learning is that it allows for individualization.
Having a weird day
Mines been up for a week!
Congrats to the 11. Good afternoon and evening.
Not feeling well. Stomach flu, but he's been taking such great care of me.
Henry and RVP together could be a good combo. Coming to getcha MCFC!
what was the brockton-mp final?
I can be your #Motivation -A <U+266C>
bitch you can bring her!
Thanks! I'll definitely leave lots of time. I can always sit and read in the car if I get there too early!
Oh! Sure, shoot.
Thanks for sharing the article on heroic leaders!
Could use a nice sketch book.
Just left the funeral home. I hope GOD gives my children strength to make it thru this. #janie<U+2665>
you have a nice car ;)
What a cool job!
If I grab a quick post-work drink with colleagues at Ale Mary's will I be required to go to confession this weekend?
oh, to have been a fly on the wall for that... hope it was fun though!
No one can go back and make a brand new start, but anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending!
why? BECUASE I WONT THAT ARGUEMENT LIKE A BOSS.
Im SUPER hungry o.o
Studying for my quiz ._.
haha you probably do! I'll behave :)
woo I'm famous haha
Suggestion for #IU12 , 's and online-to-offline's missing marketing ingredient: Facebook Credits
Damn it...the American coverage of the #Formula1 China gran prix fucking sucks!!!
The blister is 90% healed. Ready to go 14 innings on Sunday!
no BBQ. Went out for Italian. How about you.
Got wrapped up working on a necklace. Where has the day gone? I do love how the necklace turned out though.
Sweet Empire Records reference...
more pathetic is when the refs go to the monitor to look at an out of bounds call, etc.& they get a worse look due to the feed
good thing I wasn't there
laying here, you?
Oh I wish I could love I wish I could ! Miss you
AL POSTE AMOREBIETA!
Ok i will be fine (:
all BMW drivers are assholes. Every single one.
Please #FOLLOW TMCRecords® CEO & President
oh haha, i feel loved :D
Haha, you are crazy! Shoulda been @ the club. Lol.
So you can tweet but you can't text me and back? I see. #goodfriend #whoyouwith?
lol he is such an idiot.
Absolutely! You know I'll be thurr.
great P90X? Or Burn?
hahaha na what have u been up to brotha
Got the job. Fingers uncrossed.
PRWV breaking out....
Sorry about the status. -Kendra and Ryan
Thank you.. Merry Christmas to you too :)
Jesus, I know we only talk during BEARS games but if the BEARS can win this game you'll have my sincere thanks! Love ya buddy!
Congrats, Anna! RT : BLUE MOTH - my first album is out today on Tzadik!
I will do that but I am sure I no what it has to do with
Settlement Summit - Fabulous a.m. @ the UN w/colleagues; instructive & enjoyable p.m. movies & sessions, now 4 the closing dinner
Thanks again. Hope you can make it, too. Are you planning to be in LA then?
HI EVERYONE HOPE ALL IS WELL
I experienced road rage for the first time today...
I'm missing out.. Fackkkk
Thank you guys also. 3D sounds cool....
nah basically my mom n dad are divorced so i keep switching between england london&san diego US
#sxsw saw WhoMadeWho and briefly Chaingang of 1974 (clubusic) b4 High Dials (power-pop). Now at Flamingo Cantina for world/reggae.
I hate being tired in school and thinking "I'm going to take a nap as soon as I get home" and then when I get home I'm not tired anymore."
st want to die<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Why do you send him their Rob?
niggas think its a game… got me messed up
African American Read-In today at noon at Reynolda House. Free! What's your favorite passage?
RT : Thanks for Following
When you are my friend = friend. When you are my enemy=enemy nothing in between.
To be clear, I would _love_ to write the opposite opinion for you. :)
sorry she's into me.
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Unless your disingenuine self is far superior to you genuine self.
SEO NEWS: Gathering More Data: Time to Take and Share the 2012 Industry Survey
almost to destin!!!
as of last Sun I do!
Congratulations! We really do have more fun!!
Don't ever wanna deal with u ..Tina u crazy ass bitch haha
Halloween fun tonight at the Oldham County YMCA! 5:30-7:30 for trick or treating, games and more. Wear your costumes!
with two young kids I don't know how you do it but thank you :)
Good morning beautiful, how was your night?
Good Sunday to all! Me we all be blessed today.
Isn't it a wild world? There is love and there is sadness, and there are miracles and madness. We may never understand.
Nah he always announces them such short notice, I don't have time to get off work
The concept that originally brought me to Lacan - that of Winnicott's "play". Has come full circle.
I no longer look to the industry to validate me. I no longer measure myself by anyone else's standards. I love myself exactly where I am.
Mayor Sam Adams banning bags is best thing since sliced bread. OMG! Wait Sammy, the bread bags!
I would really like to spend my whole day today at the pool.
wish we could make it down! Enjoy that stout.
I'm going to keep my eyes peeled awake for this last tune.. killer tenor sax player...
well it was good nite 5 hours sgo but now morning time to start another day. Hope your day will be a successful one.
s/o to god man he still keeping me
Thanks for the article!
I'm going on a pleasure reading bender once I finish this tutorial for #libraryschool. GET READY, FICTION SHELVES.
wtf is really good!
"Tell me now where was my fault"
Happy Veterans Day! To all the soldiers that are sacrificing their lives & time w/ their families to keep us safe. You have my gratitude. <3
Lucky I have
At the moment I feel like my writing skills are a lot like my web design skills: I know a lot, but I still have a long way to go. *sigh*
Feeling lucky today?2 passesto Aspen Film Shortsfest,2night stay at the Viceroy,AspenRegal bottle service.www.livethedreamaspensnowmass.com
where u at???
I never lied about my feelings, I said I love you and I will always mean it.
I'm so sorry we didn't answer this weekend. I hope you were still able to enjoy Popcorn Pops. We perform rain or shine!
“: #Taurus is always the observant one even if drunk or high.” We're always watching you,
THat sounds like the perfect day.
Somebody just poked me on facebook, she's totally DTF.
You can't act like a boy in grown ass relationship.
Thanks for the references. Out of laziness/time crunch since the move I've gone to Lowe's for plants but am ready for more
o wow that's great thanks.
I just wanna feel special... That's why I'm Special K... <3
Adios to my brace face tomorrow.
Just completed my first app of the day for a pharmacy tech since all u need is a h.s diploma
So, I shall remain in day job data entry purgatory?!
OMG just got back from hawaii SO jet lagged
yeah me too! It was scary there for a bit! LOL
Anything, you know? -smiles-
rumors are so over-rated
“: hell yeah...a retweet and follow from my life is complete” literally I can die happy
Congrats to and on getting their 1st USMNT caps. You 2 and made all #SportingKC fans proud tonight.
Teachers want more voices in edu, but so do students! Where is the student town hall? Students need a strong voice as well!
Bon Iver drops Eau Claire, WI name in thank you speech! Well deserved best new artist.
We Hope You All Have A Fun Filled New Year!!
Actually having a birthday party this year. Rock on.
can u give me a shoutout? i neew more followers lol <3
All you need is love, love, Love is all you need
Seriously, I feel sorry for the kid. It's going to haunt him.
- We are looking forward to having you #3/28 to discuss America's Youngest #Outcasts, 2010.
What was cascades senior prank?
My excitement has yet to wear off from the Rock Hall induction ceremony. CLE needs this every year - after all the Rock Hall is here!
Truth Be Told: UVs can penetrate clothes. Especially if white! So put on sunblock BEFORE u dress. Ur skin will heart u!
r.i.p to my uncle Clint tho. You aint stressin anymore... Prayin mega hard for my family from now on.
boys; jean shorts is not attractive just saying.
Thanks Brian! The Friday Fish Fry Guide is what was always needed but didn't exist until now.
really is this better than Orlando down 27 in second half or more meaningful because of elite status of Clippers? Big win by C's
Love to see it
What did the 49ers trade away to move up in the 4th?
“: I thought you guys were going to Mothers...” and CP did me, and did Something else ;)
Daily GTKY question: What are you doing for St. Patty’s Day?
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, been supporting since 1 time! now to get noticed follow?X43
haha, send me some recommendations then
want you to love me like it's our last day baby!
#IfWomenDidNotExist there would be no drama. And I am OK WITH THAT lol.
get off the playground Bob, go back to work.
Super 8 was great
oh. What was it for?
when i edit pictures im so concentrated and time goes by so fast lol
Now I know there is a rift between and No doubts whatsoever. New to , what can I say.
thanks for following me! Modeling is my passion! Facebook spruce the model click like to support my page! Thanks
your lyric tweets make me sing in my head :p
Here's to the bright New Year, and a fond farewell to the old; here's to the things that are yet to come, and to the memories that we hold.
Less is more.
hell yea man! Can't wait
If your awake raise your hand (:
Ok, but this guy better #BallSoHard like he says he does!
They finished 2nd in the league in 2008-09
- there's a difference? ;-)
roasted them in the oven with olive oil & salt. Simpler than I usually do them, but perfect for today!
I know! There's no option at the end of a chapter you HAVE to keep reading!
Ideas can be life-changing. Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea. – Jim Rohn
like she said i really need to get my lifee together.
Really ugly day here in DC. Wish this mess would clear up.
we're very high-tech, scott, as you know
idk its all over ur backround not 2 b a creeper but I dnt think ur obssesed its nit like u have a cheeta shirt
Merry Christmas Twitter Fam
Q: How many Taureans does it take to change a lightbulb? A: None: Taureans don't like to change anything.
i would like to say Happy Mothers Day to my wonderful mommy
aight I got you. Text me your new e-mail
Voted at Precinct 16. Judge said about 200 of 3,000 voters had been there. First time there were no campaign people at the polling place.
Happy Tnanksgiving, and the insanity has started, #blackfriday shoppers already trampling each other, sheesh!
For as long as i been playing basketball I feel more comfortable on the wing as the 2 guard
Posting commercials to Comcast, WSB, WXIA, and WGCL. Each station wants a different format... doh!
we are lucky they don't have chain nets!!!!!
RT : I do good things simply because I'm a good person.
The word of the day is
Thank you “: wow huge bummer to find that nyt has discontinued weekend business.boo! inexplicable and will be sorely missed.”
I pretty much love you for the raw popcorn recipe! Thanks! :-)
I am updating my port and looking to offer free portrait session and images. R U or friend interested? FB/camseaphotography
Take a deep breath and shake it off.
Work Hard, Play Hard! Culture of a company is key to success and a creative staff. Margo has it going on, fly high! (CC )
dang your so lucky!
No need to imagine. We have ICP to give us that.
But , im already following !! so you should at least give a shout out ;) <3
is the streaming working for you? tried chrome, firefox and even dreaded IE...
If God never does anything else for me, He has already done enough!
“: SO many straight hot bodies here and I can't!!! #CollegePoolParty” #143 you make me lol all day long
that's a funny one
#DC407 newbCTF went well considering I pulled it out of my ass in less than an hour. Glad to see first-timers popping boxes
Some people put walls up, not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to knock them down
I feel like my mom was buggin out about something , but I don't remember if it was exactly that. You know how my mom is lol
Last two tweets should refer to 75 not 275
Thanks Dave! I hope all is well!
at least the wave around worked out this time
I'm good, what about you? :)
meeting with trill chick tomorrow
radio all day
Did 10 miles on the bike today, but didn't go anywhere as it was at the gym. Ah well, I will accomplish.
Sometimes my security needs security
shall i get you some Thunder gear too
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 68
she was dealt a bad hand in life; ugly AND stupid.
So what movie to watch now.....*proceeds to website*
"Damn, girl, you crafty! Martha Stewart ain't got nothin' on you!" ~girl who just left my shop :)
you have no idea! no shame in that, everyone starts somewhere!
Do you need more followers, likes, etc? try the site on my profile. It's free promotion . Hey lets follow 4 follow
Lawrence police officer tells me folks were lined up outside a bar at 6. Lets all make sure we are safe and well behaved.
I was just on eBay and Amazon lol
If you like music you will love talking to me .
This #rainy day is making me so
hey luv..Today is my birthday, by Faver congratulate me? luv u 3
Women have to bring their A game as far as dressing and performing the tasks at hand.
you should go look at my backround ;) ahhah i think youd love it :)
Super cool! I wish I could be there. Unfortunately, I'll be on another story. -K
Matusz is at 73 pitches with one out in the fourth. Not the comeback effort he was hoping for, obviously.
The weather and area is good for an outdoorsman like myself. I just sold my business in CA &am looking to start over again here
the gods of inspiration are doing their jobs extra well this week.
hey i hope u having a great day
: Ever had a "mofongo"?
I think the number two child was put on earth to drive parents over the edge.
Is Lenny Kravitz anyone's favorite guitar player?
I'm out of the Haute for good. I'm going to miss you guys!
Good mornin folk
what are you wearing?! LET'S MOSH THE NIGHT AWAY! OH. how do you spell squirrel?
RT : NEW YORK (AP) - Dow Jones industrial average closes above 13,000 for first time since 2008 financial crisis
Watching a bit of the #CSU game CMON RAMMIES!! Way to go Cougars yesterday vs Iona
A snowy run is totally worth the torture of getting out of a warm bed
what u doing tomorrow bruh
#sxspeed track looks sweet.. Let's go villopoto
it is but Kentucky is a team I've rooted for a while since me brother goes there
“: Landry Fields from the LBC. That's all.”
R u getting much snow? We are having light year here.
RT : Description begins in the writer’s imagination, but should finish in the reader's. STEPHEN KING
GOT IN SAFETLY FROM #CrenshawMS SHOWED UP & SHOWED OUT AS USUAL #TeamDimeADozen WAS IN DA BUILDING 2
He Is Risen!
Holtby jersey ordered!
Attitude is a little thing but ATTITUDE is a BIG THING to people who don't let stuff go. like a TUFF GUY who will get mad at somthing STUPID
LMAO stop making me geek
genizah.org is a beautiful archive of manuscript fragments. Wishing gramoty.ru were done that way.
We appreciate your help regardless of the outcome. Thanks! We'd love to come to MD. Keep you posted.
Jeff is here... capping off a busy week of seemingly 5 consecutive mondays!
Thanks so much for the follow, Alina! Are you going to be looking for a new apartment in Chicago soon? :)
My fave #GossipGirl scene is when we find out who gossipgirl is! share yours with for a chance to win!
The iPad trumps Big Oil! Now that's really something to Like!
LETS GO MAVS!!!
Cannot wait to see how amazing Madonna looks today!!
In grocery store, wanted sign around my neck saying "Low-residue diet! Doctor's orders! Would NEVER buy white bread otherwise!"
what's the craziest thing you've ever done?
good questions. Don't know any of the answers, sorry
Haha, I like free bagels, too. I would probably be excited if my office had them, but alas, government is no fun
What model?
Today i wanna skate !
can you use it with You Tube or is that it's on entity?
tent, rental car, fixing car. Not on brazilian blowouts :)
R.I.P. Harriet "Harry," our dearly beloved tarantula, of happy old age.
We are getting there! We'd have to share the world with the #HiddlePanthers of course!
Truth. L.O.V.E. RT : Be the kind of friend you want others to be to you. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><U+2600>
The entire collection of Lives of the Saints is on sale for $146.50. Normally 220 with shipping.
Happy Birthday Bob Marley
me too ;D
I would say Sundays usually but I have this weds off...
that & what's yet to come is a product of your work & positive demeanor. I'm thankful to u for the same opportunity to HB.
What is your time of completion MotherFucker?
I hate public transit / how expensive cabs are. Need to hop on that bike soon.
Graduations are boring anyways. Just take the diploma and let's go, hahaha. I'm just kidding ;p
Lee Woodruff says you don't see military in uniform in NYC most folks don't know family or friends in military must raisr awareness
#COUNTDOWN ! In 10 more dayss she's gonna be swagged out ! Can't wait ! Omg, new hair , & a new me, on Mar. 23 ! Are y'all ready?? Cuz I am
Oh! Sarah asked me to, but I already had plans. I originally thought it was Sunday, not today. :-(
I'm hating everything right now, stop the blood flow, PLEASE!!!!
I dont like Hollie Im not hating on her! I just dont think she sings that good thats all!
I do man. What date at the Rex? I've only seen a handful of local rappers. Want to set up a show w/ a punk band?
i'd really appreciate a shoutout
who'd wanna pay for it though is all im saying.. lol jk go get inspired ;]
Late night
Hope you are taking full advantage!
What's the hot skinny?
ten mintuns tills #misletoe comes out !!!!!!
*yalls not talk
There are only 2 chicks I'd nut in real talk...one is on my timeline and the other is Oprah ...ijs Oprah got a fat ole ass plus those lips?
looks so good enjoy!
Web-Site has been updated, however still in construction so keep checking back for new offers!
Follow and ill follow you
College football kickoff tonight!! FINALLY!!!!!! Happy Hour until 7.....
L&L recommends for integrated #SocialMedia capabilities: good service, great pricing! (Shameless Commerce?)
Why does it seem like all the old Tobacco cards I'm painting are only of Ty Cobb?! Was it like, 1st base: bugs bunny, 2nd base: bugs bunny?
: DUDE, you are AWESOME!
Wake up! So Collison & Ibaka is enough? I'm a Kobe hater but even I know LAL Bigs are too much w/o Perkins
so happy you found us! we are in san fran too if you make it out west often!
so sad wanting to just.....die
#OhMyGoodness jesse james!!! U R crazier than a muthafucka!!! But totally good idea :]
"i wish i had water" "its cause were stupid"
A personal message to Sarah "Crosshairs" Palin and others of her ilk - stop the hate mongering rhetoric now.
Yay! RT Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives at #4c12 on my list today to talk about Twitter literacy!”
thanks for your work with animals!!!
I'm in a Model T taxi to the Peabody now. Giddy up!
Oh yeah, lip-biters. Total turn on. ;)
it sounds dumb, but it's actually hilarious
Can't watch the Nuggs they start blowing it when I do....guess I'll watch the Rox
Wanna make a difference? Join us this sat to volunteer w/ #dhFIT - www.skinnerpark.org
The "everybody jones" video is so funny cool....omg, becky
We wanna send big birthday wishes to for kicking off online 2 years ago today. Y'all is awesome and we luvs ya!
My whole body is ZAPPED!
As a 22-year-old broke college graduate, things could be worse. Keep the chin up,
Marco can help your practice go from GOOD to GREAT! Join us at #vsnam12 booth 131 to find out how! (But we won't teach you how to dance!!)
no offense, but that's what he's going to say whether it's true or not.
It's Spring! Time to redecorate? We got whatchoo need: www.midcenturymobler.com
My parents have finally started to get why I ride a bike. Their friends think I'm on a daily suicide mission. Hard!
that looks cool. thanks for the share.
I'll be there first row!
I miss everyone from my senior class, well...not everyone!
thats really cool!:)
Huge headache hit me about half an hour ago. Hopefully the medicine I took will kick in soon. Ugh.
To bed Fred!!!
so proud of u at the VMAs tonight congratulations! u definatley deserved that award! #belieber.<3 love and support u always!
You NEED To Follow (:
#StopBraggingAbout how your gonna marry Justin Bieber. Flat Chested girls like this need to shut up.
umm I'm not sure. Lol I'll ask my mom an let you know!!
Q2: Do they have any kind of melatonin tea for sleep?
why are not on america got talent anymore you where the best judge
Do you like seeing your favorite brands on ? If so, why?
they say karma comes around, used to want you, but i don't now .
Noted. I seem to recall Black Francis recorded a new score for that at some point in the recent past.
Rock Chalk!! RT Another Bill Self team that shouldn't be this good is really, really good.
I think Twitter's short form doesn't always allow for those finer points to be explained. I hear ya!
No, I've seen maybe 5 eps ever. RT “: have you seen when Sheldon has Penny sing 'soft kitty' to him?
GO READ PART TWO OF FAR AWAY!:D
Only way you can fail is if you give up-Cynthia Delaney.
Not everyone can make to the #Occupy protests, but if you have other useful skills or can donate supplies... that will work too! Hook up!!
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 63
So tired. Good night!
People everywhere are the same. the same type of people you can't stand in ATL you will find in MIA, LA, NY, CHI, DC, etc.
Thanks! I'm sad to be so far away from Lehigh, but very happy about the job!
mom doesn't want to hear it. she told you to put on sunscreen
s/o to THANKS for following!
is ruining Christmases left and right.
Read: sometimes on the washing machine.
ok I will do that, thanks!
definitely a night to remember cc:
Peter please don't grow up and move to Iowa. Illinois. One of them. HAPPY GRADUATION WEEKEND
r u talking about this Saturday? Cuz I'm gonna be there too!
STANDUP360 COMEDY FESTIVAL-New Guns of Comedy audition show TONIGHT! See the funniest NYC COMICS & ME COMEDY CLUB 7:30PM(53rd&8th)
enjoying this beautiful sunday morning~ <3 <U+266C><U+266A><U+266C>
You too. I wouldn't wish this cold on my worst enemy- sore throat, runny nose, and a fever. A nasty bit of business.
So fun.
The moment you get a little too excited and piss ur self a bit.
Just in! Attn #wine lovers! Via - bid on a magnum of #DavidArthur at the Dinner 12/30!
Really...huh. QT : Alan Liu #dha2012 'History is on a different evolutionary branch of digital humanities to literary studies'
Where is the love?
Nice!I wi;ll get my matching tattoos when I get my card. And who knows..maybe the hoverround is a birthday gift
I'm having an issue logging in to your chat application. I'm getting the "twitter blew up" error. Any advice?
Can we start a music revolution!?!
big daddy all on m as TL noin I need ha right na
RT : Don't fall before you're pushed. - Proverb
Generous people are rarely mentally ill people
I swear I was SOO fake in elementary school. HAHA! that's because I let popularity get to my head. But that was so LONG ago.
Thanks for reading and RTing that article. Really crucial. Heard we might be seeing you guys soon. PLZ MAKE IT SO!
greetings from USA back to you Danny!
It's always sunny when is in town. Gawd, what a day.
who loves ganja?
Any bikers in the area? We want to 'meet' you all - let us know!
RT : Shout out to everybody on that #LAHustle cuz I know I'm on it ya dig
Spotted: Four (presumably not stolen) Mustangs and two Beamers on the ride from Racine to Milwaukee. The recession really must be over...
The Peru com Bacon is calling your name...
Where are you gathering for #4sqDay Miami? Tell us where you are show us what you're doing! ;-}
Drew Peterson is such a slimeball!! I hope he ets indicted and he gets a nice boyfriend in jail that appreciates his sense of humor!
My conclusion is women are dillusional and retarded
#niners get on the board! time for a #drink! Go #49ers!
Don't wake up. Stay stay stay. It's so pretty down there. And it's inevitable we will meet. Of course! :)
I just saw Larry Abraham, Mayor of the Village of Los Ranchos, stand and applaud in support of the Paseo Del Norte project. Thank you sir!
Wishing everyone a very creative day!
Jp,the robot guy off of grandmas boy >
Number of Votes recently made... 0
The declawed cats that I feel most sorry for are the ones that want to play scratch off lottery tickets.
I can see him now...with his skinny jeans and flat-billed silver and black hat! Bring back the wallet chain!
I'm going to nwcta junior year! Hopefully...
They in here really talking about Going To the zoo. Lol
Could be for both purposes. Basically, I'd like to draw attention to preservation issues by taking pleasant-looking photographs.
back in San Diego in July. >.<
Break garbage, break quality, break ANYTHING! JUST FILL THE EMPTY 2 SECONDS OF SPACE
Are you like part Asian? #Curious lol
Check Twitter for show updates (Mondays 10pm-midnight) 89.9 FM-NY. Find us at www.wkcr.org.
If I'm at 700 followers I'm throwing a party for all
I decided to get into my day to see if I can unearth what's summoned me from my rest.
Thanks to for the RT to 6,413 followers. That's a power RT!
You google it you're the one sitting at home lol
Via : Can 35,000 People Learn Anything from an Online Class? |...
I think we're counting down to some big peaks and valleys on the STREET today.
Have a wonderful day, lovely lady!!!!!!
It's doc style film in the same vein as Cloverfield and The Blair Witch project about the existence of Trolls in Norway.
aaaarghghghhhh! I finally decide I want the HTC Incredible and now Verizon introduces the Droid X!!!!!!!!!!!! what to do!?!!!
I have finally finished the rewites for my kids performance on the 21st. I am having auditions for the kidies on Wed. I love teaching!
Have lived in four cities in my lifetime. Portland, Nashville, DC, and NYC.
SexyRomance, thanks for following us on Twitter!
billy madison
Ballet class tonight, Thursday 6 to 7:30 pm at Dance Alloy Theatre.
oh #GoogleEarth so functional in so many ways, yet so unable to easily label polygons based on data
Are you?!?! One of my fav places. Have a great time! I'll be looking for pics!
If you can lay your head on your pillow each night knowing you gave hundred per cent to your day, success will find you. -Russell L. Mason
Facebook is changing AND we're changing with it! Watch for our new look in the next couple days!
I made my donation to tonight... I give my time and my cash... What about you?
What are peoples thoughts on Will Ferrell as Steve's replacement on The Office?
You know this, lol
Finally got myself an instagram
Since when did "staying in touch" mean liking Facebook statuses?
Touch screen TVs... Really? I do not think people will get off the couch or recliner to touch their big screen TV.
The New York times has an op-ed piece about how Al-Qaeda is not Web 2.0 enough. That's disturbing in more ways than I can sanely enumerate.
I won't. My gas station is down riht now anyways. System crashed :(
thanks Mollie!! How are you? I love seeing all the fun things you're doing!
I be workin I forget /:
Call us! 877-244-9913 - We sell printed tshirts and embroidered polos - scrubs, safety wear, caps, bags, and more.
Going too HAM right now at the gym lol
Teaching both Rousseau and Melville today - an embarrassment of riches - hope my students feel that way too.
Holiday Financing available if you call today! 877-330-5225
following :) Thanks for the love and support!!
Need a Mother's Day gift idea? How about tickets to Live at the Hollywood on May 12th?
All I know is that "tacky Christmas sweaters" are one of the hottest sellers on eBay @ this time, so if you can post some...
This just in: Embarking on an international music festival tour. Next up, Vegas EDC in May + Barcelona Sensation in October.
Oh no! Yikes.
Nnamdi is taking his talents to South Philly.
all day.
dad and bill made laugh and feel better :)
Hey great updates, much appreciated! :)
On the plus side, my right hand is itching.
I'm always watching ;)
It's really cute! We were envisioning more Princess Leia-ish.
Label Contest for Wine Diego. Accepting Labels email - to enter
Oh yes, it's Monday.
So it seems lol...
I don't get it, I figured a 30+ year old married male would be a shoe in for athletes with free Super Bowl tix
Children illustrations will be released soon
Lol I forgot your name wasn't Rigby :D
when life gets tough, it helps you re-evaluate your priorities. Looking forward to what God has in store for the future!
Oh the things you tell me..
That's really gross I've seen people pooping on the street but thank god I've never stepped in it.
#highlife forever baby
Finally I can get my daily baby intake in pill form.
Gorgeous day out - perfect for leading ambassadors followed by a nice snack outside :)
Watching Man vs Food right now, too, huh?
does anyone else instantly turn into a 3 year old and can't find there mouth as soon as they put on a white shirt
God shows up and shows out!
Sounds like you've been on a songwriting roll lately! Can't wait to hear 'em :) I'm also excited for #KaysleeEP!!
Vocals begin tomorrow!
Hey - companies that make cheap razors... STOP!
Omg wow! Girls these days! Bwahaha that kinda made me a little less mad! Woow
Happy Mothers Day to all of my followers! This day is for you!
I want to be the next big comedian need financing now!
smh mentions #loose-ing outchea. You a brave man, bro!! A brave man! F*ck what Twitter says!
The final product! Amazing! Love. it.
I bet Lee Press-On Nails paid handsomely for that product placement.
is back from hiatus! House party show, sat night 409 Bushnell get some
rip betty. you were a boring fish anyways.
yeah it wasnt to bad of a day! ...you making it out this season?
that was funny. I saw all your tries and erases
come in and dunk on someone's face
That's awesome!
Paul George and George Hill weigh in on fatigue/final playoff push tonight at 6:20 on WISH...Pacers host Raptors at 7.
I'm craving some coffee with that toast & jam O_O m.
Thank you!
Love this idea MT "sloppiness" is key to successful #publicspaces--unfinished allows for improvisation
I change my avi a lot!!!
this day is going by so slow -__-
Beautiful sunset right now, but can't get a good pic from my vantage point.
Never apologize for Wilson Phillips.
I was wrong. Ghost chili sauce is NOT an everyday condiment.
Thanks for the follow. I'm compiling a list of fav #travelmemoirs. Which book gave you wanderlust?
I am seeing mortgage interest rates inching upwards. Still in the 4's. Now would be the perfect time to buy. Don't lose your chance.
Haha ya big dork! Miss ya <U+2665>
TLC TODAY IS OUR Day of Learning!!!. Free Webinars All Day Long! bit.ly/mz8l66 #edtech (please RT)
"I represent the nati"
It covers G/K chaps 10, 11, 12 + readings from TAP, Moodle, etc and the 3 videos shown in the last 3 classes (will post links)
U might be my new excuse to plan a Hawaii vacation. It must be amazing. #boldmove but probably worth it!
Somebody tell Reggie miller he's has too much money to have such poor suit selection
Well that blows
Cheesecake Factory :)
I would worship you if you bought me Real Madrid vs Juventua tickets for august! ;D
If you want to be important in someone’s life you have to BE their when it is important.
Go, fight, win! RT : Headed to rally to support #paidsickdays here in #seattle. We'll be live tweeting form the rally.
: Funny. My motto is if Frodo could carry the Ring all the way to Mordor, I can conquer a measly paper.
Still sandwiches, soda, cake, and lots of mustard done in the lobby!
Aww, that's too bad. It's one of my fav places in the neighborhood.
Why are you guys closing picnik? :( .
I would like to exchange follows/support. There is a free promotion site for more followers on my site. FREE!
move to Vegas, we got a few! ;)
Hell yeah Giant's ball baby!
Thanks for the shout-out!
Looking forward to the Women of Vision Awards Banquet in Santa Clara next month
: The game changed very quickly. Thought ND was getting back in it. Looked up and they were down big.
so what shoes?
Harry styles might go solo :o are you leaving one direction??
Try this desk stretch: While seated, put both hands on your knees lock your elbows, roll your shoulders back while keeping your chest up
Lectures today on the St. Clair Family (of Uncle Tom's Cabin); post Great War Europe; and the Koran in Islamic History.
Congrats! RT : Hurray for PiPress books ed Mary Ann Grossmann who will get Midwest Independent Publishing Assn award in May!
“: Will you be at #SMWHealth today? Join the FDA Crowdsourcing session at 4:30 and say hi to me ”
someone has hacked your Tw, Jessica, I'm getting spam and malware attempts from your account
Trying to make 1 trip :) I'm totally the girl who will leave her shopping cart behind and walk to my car with 4 heavy bags
This damn thing won't dial up to any of the numbers I've tried :( WHERE IS AOL??
draw cocks on your walls
Fans come & go but mahomies will be there for until they die.
Mailman? or Mailwoman? or Mailperson? Isn't it 'letter carrier', e.g. Natl Assoc of Letter Carriers? Jerry B was a mailman?
Happy Easter! Today we celebrate - Jesus beat death! He is alive and when we are in Him, we are too! Alleluia!
Idk why but your just worth it.
...lmao u cnt be a cheap sugar mama
His physical limbs expand, and his outline recedes, vanishes
I thought I saw Meador last week in her car, I was more nervous than when I see cops she still has that hold on me. DEVIL WOMAN
LOL! Amd maybe #wifi-gate! RT : This year will be known as
I love my life and the direction its going in. :)
Looking to interview current Artistic Homes residents to add to our testimonial page.
you don't need to lose weight
Hey ! Killer event today!!!
thanks for suggesting madeline fruman she's awesome! thanks for helping ppl who deserve to be know get there!
is getting ready to jump on the Harley and go ride all day!
hopefully CEO has vision and Direction like a CEO is supposed to have... Appreciate you getting back to me...
sure. when/where? im flexible
Sometimes Ion even be hungry, I just feel like eating
thank you! Have a great one!
New Tweet Peeps! Thanks for following , @ PreacherLyons
will do! definitely leaning toward the plain shoe option.
When life hands you vandalism make vandalade!
Bitches ain't shit dats why I diss em heard she suck dick so u bet not kiss her
Seventy-five teens ballroom dancing at the Brooklyn Museum. Now, that absolutely made my Friday night!
#laisready Go Galaxy!
Believe doctors and nothing’s wholesome; believe theologians and nothing’s innocent; believe the military and nothing’s safe.~Lord Salisbury
Let's get it ooonnn
Final chance to get that free PBR after #NOgoodDEED tonight.
Ready to head to for 'ending homelessness in 59 min' lunch w/ & other colleagues
You should be, it's a hard thing to do.
somebody get this girl out of my history class
hahha I miss you to!!
Thanks my friend! You too.
#AskAriana Shout out to Catherine Gonzalez from Florida ? Follow me please :) <33
trying to recover all my contacts into my phone by personally asking everyone
How does this man not know that he smells like an onions bastard child
Trying to find a move Friday...
His Twitter Name Is Check My Bio Out...
222 years ago today (in 1790) George Washington delivers the first State of the Union address ever.
To much traffic in Destin.
Great minds think alike, I suppose ; ) Haha what a beautiful place for a day off!
Emily Blunt and Jimmy Kimmel Share Funny Stories and Snaps From Their Hawaiian Couple&#39;s Vacation
pinched my tit....douche
Just another night on the town for "iron and winey" and "tron man"
nice dude! I've done some stuff with after effects. Still learning it too.
and my puppy :)
WHAT IS THIS!!!?? RT : My aunt is always having debates on the phone.... No matter who u are and what about Lol
wow RT A recent WSJ article declared that sales at Amazon increase 1% 4 every 100 milliseconds it shaves off download times
- cool standard vacation pic, but perhaps there is another picture that should be unveiled via social media.
Usher, Trey Songz and Chris Brown have been making some good fucking songs recently. Literally ahaha.
Thanks for showing up for therapy! RT : Great #NUTS! Thanks for the laughs.
No, for real, we might have to forfeit the flight and take a train to Budapest. Adventure, anyone?
Sunday's= Relaxing.
Read to a Dog from 3:30-4:30. Cutter especially likes books about cats. Can't figure out why.
how long you ben working there ?
when I got on here... There were 69 new items (;
:( well single we are so gym is what we do right? I went yesterday.
beer goggle vision... Ps lets grab a beer soon!
Oh i forgot! No today. #lame Oh well. At least the Cousins sub of the day is
i kno! cant wait. when in june?
One of the first things I did when running was to pledge not to raise taxes—Bill Stanley. Vote this Nov 8 to stop more spending
Do you think it might be cool to let your ecomoms know about our free school-based climate change program? We think so.
Happy St. Patricks Day!!!! Keep the "Green" of St. Patricks Day all year with a beautiful lawn and yard courtesy of Baca's Trees
debating on whether or not to watch the wiggles again or sell my daughter
he obviously doesn't know wat he's talking about smh analysis say dumb ish alot lol !!! U can work on any skill set !!
I will do my #FF later don't feel good
Cool. Let me at 'em.
Johnny Damon has an absolute cannon! - said nobody ever
Thanks mate!
Dr.J stole on Bird ass lmao
Didn't know you were coming for WPT Jax. And GL w LASIK, had mine about a year ago.
Its so fucking weird shes like eating her house apart I saw that a few weeks ago lol. I was like tf?
Best. Concert. Ever. Catie Curtis, Melissa Ferrick, Dar Williams, Indigo Girls, Ani DiFranco. I am such a cliche.
I've learned that Men can starve from a lack of self-realization as much as they can from a lack of bread
For a one time resident of Japan, I was deeply sad to here the news coming from there this morning... You are in my thoughts... Sigma out
Thank you NY Yankees for a great game in Boston this evening!
Thinking I should get another tattoo this week.
Guest survey "I noticed your front desk was young, maybe if they were older theyd be more life experienced & have more generation"
RT : #FF Great New Tech folks to follow!
I swear if I see the lyrics to call me maybe one more time I will punch someone.
>>Finnaly Back Home <<
well, mine is number 36 in Politics -->Women's Studies...? Wait a minute...
Proud of myself..cause I'm feeling myself..
saw it last night as well! she is just so painfully good...
followed you too
CBS's mix of The Who Halftime show was atrocious. I think Pete Townshend mixed the audio (his guitar, and then everything else)
Awesome! RT Buy any 3 drinks anytime this week and get 1 free drink! Make sure you register your LoyalTea card.
maybe, maybe not somedays. #GlassHalfEmpty Sorry, I should not twitter vent. Thx tho. :)
crack head ass nigga
Because its the #bachelor franchise! The one who dressed up was hilar RT Why are the guys so corny this season?!
When the Brewers win the NL Pennet, how many other teams have won both the NL and AL Pennets.
same as the ratio of leprechauns to unicorns.
New Tim Burton/Disney movie. In 3d. I am so excited.
thanks so much for your support and attendance!
I saw that movie last night, It was so freaky, I still get freaked out just thinking about it. D:
Something you don't know me: I can be stubborn at times and I hate to lose....
WE MAKING MOVES JUST LIKE THEY WAS MAKING MOVES IN ATL BACK IN THE EARLY 90'S
Here-here. If I see a line, I keep moving. #Belly is allergic to velvet ropes. RT Yeah if there is a LINE I pass
Anybody that says it was a good season is full of shit. We sucked tonight. That doesn't make the season good, it just means we suck.
lit circles are close,need element of asynchronous instruction to complete the cycle
Hot On The Festival Trail?... Submit to our film to our great new festival
The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in.
Thanks for following us. Looking forward to getting to know your work through Twitter!
Classroom is starting to come together. Walls still need to come to life
My headphones r in & I'm in the zone
How do you spell your name? T...as in iced tea. Oh my god. Life fail.
Where's your new job located?
Ah, change :) good stuff!! Good stuff!
Because Beckett drinks Whiskey
you going to do something or just stand there and bleed?
Yupp someone's about to get the BITCH PLEASE look!!
very difficult to understand.
Jordan brok up with his gf
Likely 10,000 dead in Japan.
dangit.. We missed it Congrats on a good presentation.
tweeting from inside the tech dress rehersal at school so much done so much to so
Outside of the box ideas with CMSD. Shifting school year calendar. Making it work for urban students and fit into real world.
thanks for the follow =]
#ithurtswhen you wake up for an early flight.
First stop of #calibconf is paperless lessons with Jessica Gillis.
I'm waiting for to tell Mr. President his endorsement of marriage equality is a big f*cking deal.
I'm so there next year, this one crept up on me or I'm just living under a rock, either way I wish I was there! Have fun!!!
Chocolates as we all know are very delicious and sweet creations that everyone loves
Wat yell gettin into this weekend
i wanna see your face
now following - she's witty, she's pretty, and she makes me wanna rap...oh u thought I was gonna rhyme huh?
On the show today we are Coming up with new songs for orioles players... Let me know your favorites
-It's Cheese Steak Tuesday today!!!
Aw you too tweet! ;) I love you babe!
that's not true!
Good Night Folks!
Business has only two functions – marketing and innovation. - Milan Kundera – Czech Novelist, Playwright and Poet, b.1929
Should reach you by Thursday :D
let's start early tomorrow night like old times please??
again. You are so helpful. I feel a bit like a kid in kindergarten.
Follow and
Some day, I'd love to just have a day on the couch, watching movies or reading, without having to get sick to do it.
And just like that, is done for the week! Thanks to everyone who participated this week. Troy will be back on Monday at 10am.
away from business email but informed him you may call. Will email with his # from my reg email
Also from Michigan: Red Hot Chili Peppers, Kid Rock, Verve Pipe....
and again fucd up system..some people.really need it and people that abuse it ruin it for the ones that need it
I don't follow that many, but I couldn't live without Tweetdeck columns.
it will probably be hard (TWSS)
Much appreciated sir! Great workshop and will definitely be using lettering.js after seeing it.
Only shirt they said they had today is the red coffin. It's been that way for the last few matches at least. More styles maybe?
Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe #NickJChat 2
Car Free Day! Bike to work today, stop by the store after for some fall essentials!
Great...snow storm directly headed in my driving path as i leave for my trip tomorrow night.
is to sexy in her El Meson gettup.
Funny how a secular nation can base functionality on religious grounds...
hi K-C! Thanks, am well. We have tstorms tonight in Chgo.
Biggest misconception of that article: the idea that there is a single "library system." Though it would be nice if we had more unity
October 1st save that date in your Blackberry's and iPhone's because it's the Grand Opening of #RevolutionSaturdays .
I shall :D
Good night everybody. Sweet backstreet dreams :) KTBSPA!
Any advice on how to get a crew together to shoot a short? I got a script and actors and but no crew. :(
Three months til wedding. I think engagement is the reverse of being pregnant, you're nauseus during the last trimester.
Heading back to the studio in January to finish the 2nd album!
My birthday is tomorrow! Going out to eat with my lovely family
Omg these funny cat videos A++ <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I'm listening
weirdness I hav school today and I'm sick standGRAND and I hope we feel better lol
Final pre-competition workouts completed. GA State meet, here we come!
Toby should be with Spencer!! Jenna is just in the way -_-
tiring day number 4! Teaching and coaching and contracting oh my!
Will keep you in mind if anyone mentions they are looking :)
Matt Skiba sighting! omg omg omg
so weird watching super bowl without the commercials... bbc has people doing analysis during the breaks instead wtf
Some Black people dont know how to act when they get authority
lmao y'all had all the fun Friday I bet
That's pretty cool. Are they taking any kind of rake on that at all, or are the keys "all yours" so to speak?
About to go on air at 107.5 with about the Detroit video!!
I've been camping for a week now back on twitter, what's new?
it's allowing discipleship to happen in real time to produce fruit and deep, real transformation.
Pleased to announce my support for for #LPC president
I just saw the tweet about the broken feet & surgery. Sending wishes for a speedy & complete recovery your way. XO
Performing “Hit The Lights” on Dancing with the Stars tonight!
Looking forward to breakthrough in thinking.
I like led zeppeIing but I love the beatles <3 !!!!
Found on stack overflow: "Looks like what Jackson Pollock would do if he wrote regular expressions. +1 for awesomeness "
Tiger is a tough one. He should be more open not to personal issues but he is just so defensive. It brings challenge
Haven't, actually. Know what you're talking about, but not sure I'd know who to ask about them. Good luck!
why?is some1 being negative about her winning again..omg people needs to back off and shut up if they wont say anything gud
Dear Slut, Maybe it's time for your Left leg to meet your Right leg.
I love being surrounded by these people.
Wade need some Lebrons on.
Belated #FF - Director of #SAP #Federal #Innovation & spokesperson for Public Services industries - get to know
exactly. Say what?
Yay! If you ever want to do, you know, a practice run or something at the current Her Table, His Bar aka our house, let me know! ;)
Just because It's legal doesn't make it right.
We love some big ol gals, don't we?!
A kid just came up and asked for STUPID FAST! This makes me so happy!
Well done...your 303pt projection was the closest we saw on the web to the actual total.
Oh best to the punch! RT : Happy anniversary!
Just had a Jamba Juice smoothie. Hit the spot.
life is good... love the people in my life and cant complain one bit!
Every week on the #sharktank they should have a dunking tank with a huge rubber shark. The rudest host gets dunked !
Don't let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was.
So yesterday mmsd says no poop water got into the lake. Now they say poop got into the KK River. Yum
omg i love you so much youre amazing and this is definetily not emily woooohooooo<333
I love my fabulous life!!
my mvtherfvckin milk is spoiled!
#WBCMediaWhores are to blame for atheism. And most of the other Undesirable isms too.
Frank Crane~ Habits are safer than rules; you don't have to watch them, and you don't have to keep them either; they keep you.
Okay off to Lisa's for more Spring cleaning
i would never cheat on someone. that's just horrible.
when they said dreams come true they forgot to mention nightmares are dreams too
Did he kill the wife while pregnant?
T.Baker Smith (LA-based A/E/C firm) doubled it revenue multiplier LY - resulted in 20% growth - w/ Engagement at the core
Haha, we were at Dave's house, one of Nee's other friends. And no, he didn't have towels. What are you up 2 tonight?
Just too tall for sofa sleepin'.
Sin City Hotel Guy is now....... Gaslamp Hotel Guy! "Sweet Home San Diego!"
IM TRYING TO HANG IN THERE.
thanks for following! :)
I haven't seen Family Guy in ages and I am not aopposed to watching and indulging! :D
Transitioning from a subject to a citizen takes time; a direct result of knowledge and a gained education
I miss you <333
This day is a gift to do with as we please. We can waste it or use it for good. Think of it as exchanging a day of life for it.
It's a little like-- I gained time, assessment wasn't on vid knowledge anymore, it was on gained in-class knowledge
so I have this theory that maybe, just maybe they decided they wanted to scrap the old video and use the "deeper" stuff for a song later on?
I'm afraid to tell him how i feel because it might just mean nothing to him.
My 800th tweet goes to the Avon World Drumline! Good luck this weekend! Love you guys! <3
Oh yeah, that's Hot. Loving the Bling Bling TT.
We are ramping up! Please add us.
New parents should be able to grow a temporary third arm. They could use it.
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, April 10th, 10:30am "Do Dinosaurs make Good Pets?" Would you like to have a pet dinosaur?
yes it is... Smh @ people dese days...
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Have the courage to make a mistake.
he is inspiring a new generation every day! It is great to watch!
downloaded it a second time for myself ,and for you. Fingers crossed for the charts. But Hopefully I will be able to come and
Thank you for an incredible #sdsms! Learned a lot today and had a blast!
Whoa, that was not a strike!!!!!! Bullshit!
Imagine Stephen A. Smith's outside voice.
Stay away cuz I'm dangerous :-)
Yo' self sounds fun !! What should we bring?
he wanted to hahaha! Right ?
Justin was my Baby... now his my Boyfriend<U+2665>
Napping is the best feelingg
I'll admit the film had a decent plot twist. But getting there was excruciating.
you're missin out on some fun:)
How do I know you are not an observer ? Hm? #Fringe You live outside time and space I think
Have a safe trip. Enjoy your weekend.
Remember when we used to watch movies in 4x3?
Feeling the pain of the cortisone shot in my foot...
World Peace issues an apology to OKC fans and org. but NOT to James Harden?
Want to win $400? Enter to win at flypittsburgh.mobi contest ends next week!
What about awarding the Congressional Medal of Honor to the Seal Team?
Ask her how was her Day.
Just bought some sweet fonts from , thanks!
what? I'm so confused.
The response is overwhelming for Build Day and we thank every last one of you for your support. Appreciate the loves folks!!!!!
- interesting thought. How much air is needed? ;)
Judge rules in Former Hillsborough County Pat Bean's favor, granting her severance plus attorney's fees. Nearly $400,000.
Yeah, Baylor might be up by even more. :) : Think this game would be different if it were being played in Indy like last year?
The Alex Wilson Band returns this Wednesday Night! Starting at 6 pm. Bring your drinking shoes.
Cool Firefox Latest Features! Check them out!
oh okay /:
I am so thankful for my friends, family & all the many blessings in my life! I feel truly blessed everyday! Happy Thanksgiving to Everyone!
Great official first day at and I am grateful for all the well wishes and support.
Gaga I love you! You inspired me to write and record some of these tracks. No need to reply, jus a holiday gift from me to you!
Softball tryouts tomorrow
there should be a koobide day soltani month. And doogh week
It's gonna be 81 and sunny for prom <U+2600> woo hoo!
Get a faster tax refund! FREE e-file service files the returns directly with the IRS www.1040EasyOnline.com
Hahaha I mean Justin Bieber.... how tf did that happen
NO WHY????? At least you waited until AFTER I saw you in Milwaukee... D: bummer, dude.
lol good thing I havent been in a preschool parking lot since....I was in preschool
Big b-day s/o to my bro have a blessed one bro!
aye aye aye I guess I like surprises too and ill wait for it :)
I can't wait to get out of here.
Sweet! See you soon. :-)
Thx to of , Tony Seaman, Frank DeFord, & for joining , this AM!
it's off & the tunes are UP!!
y'all better or it's goin to be ugly for the rest of the series
,keep glowing,stay Blessed
Quit your Bitchin Druggie its olny a game!
Flip-flops + bright pink toes = ready for St. Croix! Just a few more hours 'til Chenay Bay :)
Let me know when D. Wade decides he wants to hoop
It will, promise. Just don't go party and get drunk and get in major trouble. That however would be bad. :3
God damnit, just when I thought I was done with CoD. The #BlackOps2 trailer appears. November, get here. Now.
Fun callback @ #hungrymanproductions today. They're kinda delightful folks...cross your fingers people!
You made me laugh out loud!! Thank you, sir :P!!
Hey! Replying to all my messages!
just learned my receiveing love language was words of affirmation then saw and ! Love yall too much
Wonder how this will change the Grammys tomorrow night?
does anyone else feel depressed at night?
The tablespoon melted in the dishwasher. There goes my matching tupperware set.
Intense 6 inning going on down at the cell.
they really were! And Larico Queen City gets me weak every time!
Looked like he was denied a goal-scoring opportunity to me.
Apply this mantra to break down #GreekStereotypes // RT : Be willing to let go of who you are, to become who you are meant to be
I had hoped to go, but was wait listed :(
did you see the weather for this weekend/monday ? ...hurricane -.-
Re-vectorized the logo and tagline today. Branded golf shirts / hats on deck!
The results you get are directly related to the choices you make.
What time should we meet each other at Penn Station on Sunday?
ugly is too pretty of a word
Ozzie Guillen on OTR: "I only visit neighborhoods endorsed by Tidy Cats"
Fuck it Guard life
10min into the Syfy original movie *Seattle Superstorm* and already it's ticked 90% of the standard tropes. Great movie? Or GREATEST movie?
DEFINITELTY. saw the same one at Buttercups right??? right next to some of the best furniture ever (I'm a Brit. Can you tell)
I had to study for finals! Currently occupying 3 separate floors at Wells Library. RT : Why did leave the Union!?
your beautiful babe :*
Now the reserved signs are gone. Music about to start. Who knows. Hopes not high.
I find this marijuana thing so interesting! I truly believe the drug companies keep mj down not morality (and I don't smoke it)
Ugh she call to much,
yea it's all better now thank u so much : )
Happy Holidasy to all of you from the #Confab team! We've you've made this festive year fantastic for all of us. 2012 will be a HUGE year!
The Jersey shore is headed to Italy? Now we can go to finally show the world what being a American is really about! America F YEAH!!
wat up joe
This is the #suns team I love! Congrats SteveNash! 30pts, 10 assists, Suns alltime assist leader and a true basketball genius
in the same breath,I take back what I just said,even then it was for show off. Ha!
I found a yoga/writing retreat! Now that would probably work for me.
That's back when he had Terry Porter. Fun times.
Onions and cilatro: the ruiners of all nice food.
Umpires are now back on the field. We will be resuming play here in just a few minutes
Hello Twitter friends... Come "Tweet" with us at 3 Little Birds Salon :)
Kinda just remembered that I drunkenly brought a neighborhood cat in my room last night and forgot about it this morning...
I hope you have the greatest time. Thank you for your music.
Legal/criminal experts are doubtful, based on known evidence, that millionaire's girlfriend killed herself in Coronado mansion
RT if the mentally disabled are some of the kindest, purest people you've ever met!
oh damn it :( thanks :D
Luna: bill isn't a rollback of accountability because of renaissance with CCSS and leadership by states.
Hello Boys & Girls, I Want 2 Welcome U To Dizzle's World...
i'd like to tell u how great ur austream was but i cant since i missed it :( dont worry i'll make sure to watch it nxt time :)
Thanks for the shout out! Follow us back for fun coffee tid bits and news. Look forward to connecting with you.
If only the #whitesox could hit. Look for Ventura to get the non hitters out of the lineup this week.
beautiful title and project!
": I'm mad all the time, I just crack jokes, laugh a lot, and smile because that's the normal thing to do. #RNS"
who knows how to G-Slide????????? lmaoo
ALL I CAN SAY IS:
Hi there actordanwilson
It's cold, dark, cloudy & raining.
If I die tomorrow, I really want to kiss Austin on the lips.
This weather makes me so happy yet soo sad i want a beach day and no #alumcreek will not suffice
San Antonio Texas. Where are you from?
I'm making a nakashi instrumental track using the shamisen MIDI sound in #Ableton Live + vinyl distortion + lots of other delicious effects.
i will submit asap bro, #normanmusicfestival i am coming your way
I love Anna :)
Did U Know? U.Va. Professor Julian Bond hosted an episode of SNL in 1977. Tom Waits was the musical guest.
#Stronger is the best song on the radio and the message is so powerful, especially for our youth! I'm so proud of you.
Seems that if you stop logging into #FB hackers know & will try to hack your account. And you'll get friend requests from women in bikinis.
I don't want followers to prove I'm the coolest. I just want to see how many people understand how I feel.
New York #Knicks center Tyson Chandler has won the NBA's Defensive Player of the Year award.
On my way to
He said if he could get me to be his girl, he so would... #imbeingmean #hessocute ahahahaha
He's fine too, but I want youu.
Starving like Marvin..... Who is Marvin by the way?? Lbvs
Looking forward to UAPB shutting down #1 Duke
that ink is crazy Antrel. God Bless
Its the worst feelin when your stomach hurts bad af and you go to the bathroom and nothing happens....
Nap <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> Preparing for a long restless night
proposes #solar power program 2 lease commercial biz & public facilities rooftops & grounds to install panels...
Klout believes I am influential in cookies. Cool so I'm a fat ass?
happy early b-day mines is Monday 27th! Shout out 2 she shares ur b-day! March 1st! Follow her plz on her day
what's this doing to rbob?
when I speak "libraries," my phone transcribes "my berries." -- maybe libraries are really called my berries and I've been saying it wrong
Times like this makes me wish we were still together. I just want to be at home with you.
Agreed! RT Tomorrow is the most important day at the Supreme Court since Bush v. Gore. Pay attention, folks.
And, I always wondered: where to forest rangers go to get away from it all?
I should. But I like to come over there better on the 4th of July.
Would this be a bad time to admit that I have Prince Fielder on my #fantasybaseball team?
Thx for leads
#autismspeaks raise awareness for autism musically make a difference
You're the second person to say that...I've just always really liked him. My Twitter gays just don't like him.
#wordoftheday I took a bite of the scrumptious kickshaw Jeeves had whipped up, read a passage from my mémoire & turned in. - Thanks Frank!
ok i hate it when i say 'lmao' when the stuffs not even funny!
Just because we different doesn't mean we distant - Breezy
Shall I go to sleep or read a book?
#FF follow she is your next American idol!!!<3 I love her!
Dolphins to launch Spanish language website to connect with local hispanic community. Nice move but how could it have taken them this long?
Wanna collab with us ? Just email us
RT : nice to see you back on twitter. Thought we lost you lol.//Away temporary only. Thank you.Good to hear from you.
No. What's that?
Finished teaching my last class of the term. After lunch, the assessment begging.
What's it like being a Renaissance Man?
all im ganna do for my birthday today........ PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY ;)
you're welcome. Hope to see you in Charlotte for the DNC.
I can't wait! You never cease to amaze me.
17 year old Kennedy asks about poverty in #Algeria & #Peru, how governments are addressing
an adventure!
Yea She Thirsty... Lbvs
Im getting sick of seeing one direction on the cover of every mag. Like thats justins spot! Now they have justin in a conner WTF
A pear per arm!
TODAY! MT : COLA Major, Minor and Concentration Fair, 11:30 am-1:30pm in Clark Gym. BONUS: Free pizza and door prizes!
Why did my grandpa just text me ....I didn't even know he owned a cell phone .....
finaly got my background layed out. follow me on facebook. www.facebook.com/calisadroitprospect I am an upcoming R&B Producer
Rice and scrambled eggs for dinner? Should I cry now or later?
I don't think running a mile and doing a step class after drinking adult punch and wine is a good idea after all
i wish! i started my morning with pretty much the opposite: elliot smith
great talk - looking forward to future #citizenengagement #gov20 discussions
I'm going to be so hyper today. I'm on my second monster and there's a big catering order at work
All is well with the world.
Make plans now to join us for #bartrivia on Weds night with #allyoucaneatwings @
And thanks for the follow!
I already have a duck
Aaron Spohn takes the stage to talk about Skatenola - he's been skateboarding for nearly 40 years
Eating a Subway sandwich while driving its definitely not good combination!
on the bus lolz
I can relate to my Commander Shepard in 3 because I will probably also die after a ghost tricks me into doing something stupid.
Want to hangout with & tomorrow? They'll be at from 12-2pm :) Come say hi!
book sorting action is the best! Thanks for sharing the photo!
Heading home from The strip, then hitting up Nero ! Tonights gonna kill
. then again, your address book doesn't spam your newsfeed with political rants or overtired memes.
You're welcome
Going to get New Super Mario Bros. Wii!
Big fan of your work! Your movies are awesome, and you're a seriously amazing actor. Keep up the great work! :)
PLEASE FOLLOW ME I GO TO SLEEP EVERY NIGHT KNOWING YOU WILL NEVER SEE THIS PLEASE MAKE MY DREAM COME TRUE!!
The team is at Gypsy picnic AUSTIN today with 512rewards! Are you?
I mean... i would have done the exact same thing! Maybe would have even asked him for his autograph..ya know.
Don't make me work at your wedding. Get me drunk, and let me dance - L.A.W.
You don’t really expect to ignore those hunger pangs for much longer, do you?
If you don't make time for me, then why should i make time for you?
. is a great resource for healthy living. You should follow him.
yes ma'am, how crazy is that? What I'll be doing in a few months for a living is still TBD hahah
Sheeeeeeow!!..perfect im off that day!!..super excited!!.. Happy bday my sweets!!
no one ever goes to taco bell kinda nice to be alone eating inside
Woohoo! Today is FRIDAY!
If you don't know about the situation don't act like you know and offer your opinion.
If you bake me anything. I don't even know what I would do. Dance or something idk.
“: Polls close: 47% turnout reported; PM #Netanyahu to deliver victory speech to #Likud supporters at 12:30am." // too bad..
And i hope someday i can love you as much as you love me..
My guess: If Volcker Rule separates banks from market making, a new asset class (MMITs?) will fund the new market makers. Disaster avoided.
I was supposed to go back to finish a Vector interview and took my ass home...fuck I look like selling knives that cut rope?
#kids Kindergarten Registration Workshop at Rostraver Library, Mon, May 7 6:30p: Will your child be entering kindergarten in the Fall of...
They do have Garanimals for adults. They're called Dockers.
I didn't make up the song
Just discovered a life-changing formula: frozen mangos + frozen pineapple + strawberry kefir = delicious homemade frozen yogurt.
I scroll up my timline and see brian's tweet haha (x
look hoe!!! Look hoe!!! Don't have me come to your house and kill yo ass!!
Talking Turkey today.. tell us, how big is your bird?
Let’s go Panthers! Milwaukee Cup Game 2: Panthers vs. Auburn 11:00 a.m. Sunday @ Valley Field
100 hearts down the drain
Don't break the cardinal rule.
thanks x
I hate a jealous BITCH!
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Can't believe my week is almost (finally) over!
something tells me twitter is going to be a big deal with on board
STOP SPAMMING. WE'RE GOING TO UNFOLLOW YOU IF YOU KEEP SPAMMING. -___-
Amazing work.... RT prepared and served over 1.86 million meals last year, empowering agencies across DC to fight hunger.
you are the cutest boy ever for what you did today at lunch!!!! Adorable!
“I can't understand why people are frightened by new ideas. I'm frightened by old ones.” ~John Cage #quotes (via )
When my mom gives me a smoke cause mine are not anywhere near me >>>>>> she is great
Why are you still in class?!
"Softly kick a dog in the teeth, he can't beat me down. Bloods streaming from my palms n' feet, I'll bring the heavens down screaming w/me."
Thanks for tips. Def will touch base w AMills. Would be great to put some resources on our website and link to brewnosers
Got chills watching #OneShiningMoment. Thankful to have one more year of this amazing experience.
sticker next week
I'm getting up now
#Seattle would love to have you #PeytonManning!
Happy Ferris Wheel day!
good point. Regrettably, we have the college years--five year plan.
I DONT KNOW Y PPL EXPECT SO MUCH KILL
Ight good! And thank ya: )
Foodies & Historians will enjoy Thomas Jefferson's Creme Brûlée #aapindie How Jefferson & his slave brought French cuisine home
Hating is for the weak, loving is for the strong. It takes more to love someone who did you wrong
cocoa is the sexies beach in da world i just hate the sun
Non-rich people have a very hard time in trying to find/buy good cheap grocery items. It is too bad that everyone is not rich.
That New Mixtape Astronaut Status BY Future!!!!!
This is my 2nd group that is graduating this year but the 1st that I am coaching during their senior year.
#Ezriagoespublic I just can't get over that!!!
I'd trade my soul for a wish, Pennies and dimes for a kiss I wasn't looking for this, But now you're in my way
#MakesMeUncomfortable whenn people stare at me as i walk by
do it! Lol
Believe it or not, that wasn't the first time I dealt with the Hip Hop Cops. And CERTAINLY wasn't the worst I've ever got.
Limited Edition prints of signed Nelson Mandela artwork available:Netherlands(2),Cameroon(1),Portugal(3),Spain(6), Paraguay(1), Italy(3).
my favorite was passing the gym promoters on the way.
Nice, I had no idea. Thanks!
Praying that somebody call
What can you eat? Things grown naturally i.e. fresh fruits and vegetables. Avoid all processed foods, anything from a factory,
follow me people!!! please
Does anyone know what trick is to get 4sq to recognize current location? Mine thinks I'm still in Amsterdam
I'll count that as three votes then. Or just as three bagels.
But how are you supposed to know what to obey if you sleep all the time?
everything we sell is officially licensed by the given band. we would have been sued into the netherworld by now if not. :>)
good job. How did he react?
I did I did I did! awesome. miss it so much. haha
oic oic my bad. I didn't realize it sent out an autotweet before i fix the time. Thx!
Big Data may be hot, but little data is what matters
There is nothing to do at work-.-
Polycom® RealPresence® Mobile Wins 2012 Edison Award, Named Among ‘Best New Products’ in the Industry for Media/Visual ...
which, i believe, is also known as slander.
Yeeeeaaah Mann *Usher's Voice*
It's easy to run away from the problem, it's harder to stay and fight the good Fight of Faith!
go on thunder mountain for me and find a prince!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
yeah tell me about it
oyyyy I lived there for 2 years. Glad I'm back here in #SweetHomeChicago. went to 2 Hawks/Kings games tho. Had to. ;)
In Baghdad clinic. www.nweyorktimes.com how the hell not! We send our military over there with animals and we dont expect them to snap?
“: Always & anytime Babe!!! ” Thanks! Keep rockin!
so tell me: you got your lib membership for the ebooks. Has it been good, bad, or ugly? Be honest!
I had the bestest day with my doofus brother olive Juice.!<3
RT Q. If your a QB playing the #bills which direction of the do u look. My son's Answer "hopefully at the down at the ground".
Wilson's --> Brewers --> Lazy Oaf. At least the fish was good...
Reading The Only Kayak by Kim Heacox - a journey into the heart of Alaska.
Hi there! Thank your for the follow!
Thanks everyone, glad you enjoyed the column! Have any questions? Tweet me here or
which reminds me... We should talk further!!
First day on break!
I concur...RT Store-bought sushi is edible, I suppose, but it just doesn't compare to the real thing.
Anyone wanna sleep naked tonight
Shut up, please. Thnxxx.
ok, now that is just BADASS!!!
Never in my life
TOP OF THE LEAGUE AND HAVIN A LAUGH! #GGMU #MUFC. Players should beg to put on our jersey.
Trying to identify the pedophiles among your followers? RT : Alright, ladies. Pedey clean shaven or scraggly beard?
Yes! Teresa is gone!!
Wonder whos awake at this time?:)
That sounds amazing
I recently looked into whether it is true that an academic once thanked "four very special squirrels" in her book's acknowledgements. It is.
sir, no candidate, in an election year, is going to do that, left or right, in the state that is hosting their convention....
I know I've asked this before, but what exactly does P90X recovery week actually recover?
Took the test, it was okay.
Klaggle launches ratings and reviews on Penn Camera's digital cameras at www.penncamera.com. Check it out.
Friday flashback jam: Chapterhouse - "Pearl"
But I've waited 20 years to finally get some flow so idk if a haircut is gonna happen
night of #gradschool work got tossed out the window in favor of cooking dinner & catching up with an awesome&dear friend.
Don't forget to wipe baby's gums with a soft cloth after a bottle or nursing. It helps keep them healthy and clean for those precious teeth!
Hey everyone we just uploaded another song called "Fly Away". Listen to it on our bandpage and tell your friends!
The brain is actually a Quantum computer
Coming for you, Dallas.
The images on your landing page should support your value, demonstrate your offer, or illustrate your headline.
Me & my boyfriend both don't have cellphones . . and i like it that way(: actual conversations & less drama .
What a fab intro!
Blow me, bitch.
love me twitter.
Please check out our new promotion to win 10,000 Gloves! GOOD LUCK!
just saw Luke Putkonen on the side of 75 trying to hitchhike back to Toledo
thank u. I was looking for this book!
hey, glad your here. Procedural question...can I call them Barners now that we're SEC, or us that only for folk in the South?
Tracy Jordan is one of the greatest tv show characters of all time
I wish I could start everyday off with an 80's montage
David Beckham drives a Navigator L...wow! I like this guy
and I are out to 40 bars tonight with jonny R
that's the best part
Empire State Building congratulated One World Trade for becoming the tallest NYC building -under her breath she said, "Size doesn't matter."
did you run out of seats for this webinar? I registered early but was sent an email saying I was denied access
aw christ man
Urghh. So pathetic. I get jittery after full caffeine coffee. Have to improve on my messed up artist stereotype.
Thanks ! The new issue is great! We're glad to have it
Hey you I'm a work on a song for us.
Yes we saw Inception opening night! I had to go right away. I luv Nolan but I think the plot was weighed down by his brilliance
You guys want to see something funny? Go to YouTube type in "Grandson gets brain freeze" it's so funny.
So I just did the dumbest thing and accidentally unfollowed :(
spam sauce
Banks aren't the only wolves. #JHFCU raising my closed HELOC interest rate by 3.75% b/c I need to subordinate for refi of 1st.
let's keep chatting!! So good to connect, finally.
#FF Thanks for the Support!
Autumn has instantly appeared. How did that happen?
ya but it hurts!
I love you too! Have a great day.
I saw a fat lady with a "M.O.B." tattoo on her arm. I asked "money over b*tches?" She said "No, McDonalds over Burger King.
I was already on ustream logged in )':
Met at Think Big Baltimore 2day #tbb; thanks 4 letting me pitch my TV show 2 all! Hope to work w/you! www.TheVictoryCircle.tk
No prob guys! Have a good one :)
I had to write a 5 minute stand-up comedy set. I wrote 7... 7 5 minute comedy sets... in 2 weeks. 4 of them in 3 days. GO #ADD!
I wasted so many tears on you, you didn't care. Now you say you do? Sorry but the well has run dry....
oh i'm def interested! how should i reach you?
Ask for Pete up there. Knows his stuff and will take care of you. AboutGolf early April?
Woodfish performing with Zoso ->The Ultimate Led Zeppelin Experience An all-ages to enter. Get discount tix at www.woodfishmusic.com/shows
ALL MY ICONIACS , IF YOU LOVE THE BOYSS FOLLOW ! she follows back btw (;
lOl! Gone make it a mission.
Santa Fe, just found out this afternoon!
How did your clean-up go on Saturday?
I'm so mad as fuck
"Like" this status if you think Global Grind should come out with Yoga Pants!
WIND ADVISORY today with gusts up to 50mph possible. Stay safe!
#Scamalert: Call from DEA notifying you of a warrant for you for ordering drugs online. Caller wants you to send $ to erase the charges
Lmao that is a first. I think he is renting an apartment with Lyle Spencer in Toronto. Maybe we can get him back
IKR! Just a tad FLAWLESS
Money's tryin to be all thug life & gangster by staring him down after shots. Meanwhile. Floyd's bleeding like a mofo thru the nose.
With all this smoke in the air today, Metro Eye has eyedrops to protect your eyes from the haze. Stop in!
Tonight is the night
that's when you know the dish is going to be good. Or severely burnt. :)
thankyou so much :D
Its hot as hades in my room.
Having one of those "Wow I've met a lot of super nice people through the internet" kind of mornings. Thanks, internets :)
ha I don't know. We scream yeah.... so....yes? We!
Oh no, Steve Jobs resigned! What does that mean for Apple?
sending a happy 30th birthday to my sailor across the sea on the #ussenterprise ! can't wait to celebrate when you get home <3 xoxoxx
hahaha. Got that plastic back last year chump.
Any time you think some other language is strange, remember that yours is just as strange. You're just used to it. ~ Linguistic Mystic
Can't wait to go pick up by girl at the airport tonight!.. Miss her so much. Have a great afternoon <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B> Love you all <3
im tired and heart broken! i wanna cry and yell! im tired of saying im ok when im not! i cant keep this fake smile on my face anymore!!
Save the date TLG2013 April 10-12th Atlanta, GA
no did u
True. RT If you don't like people, don't open a cheese store. People like cheese, and they will come into your store.
yeah hahahawell im sorry i gotta go my twin sis just got here from the doctor ill tweet you later bye love you mrs.bieber:D
RT : Love the new material. Everything definitely happens for a reason.
just did our first print and it came out awesome!
RT Great weekend! Hung out poolside and had a great Mother's Day with the family. Got my wife the Kindle Fire. She loves it!!!!
Thank you very much for the RT
cool. Who ya seeing?
What is the first thing that vampires learn at school? The alphabat.
you can view on line, there's a new shop near my building Joe fresh, I swear by their fabric,it's quite affordable,email or dm me!
"Vagina balls"...I cannot stop laughing!!!! I am 12 years old!
At the airport headed to Vegas!!! With happens in Vegas will definitely stay in Vegas!!!
The willingness to share does not make one charitable; it makes one free. ~Robert Brault
Just scanned the NPR article; will check out the Newbie's guide too. Tks!
You're already special!
Happy Halloween everyone!!!!
I think you'd like Thunder off of Rusko's new album
Join my tinychat
Most engineering programs do teach students how to self-teach. Often accidentally.
There were 118 votes classified as "Other" in Iowa, and I'd just like to thank all those people for writing me in.
Follow back?
It was big, but just OK. Still haven't eaten at Burger Lounge
what? did u even get my dm?
I don't really know what I'm doing on this whole instagram thing... Haha
Seeing #AStreetCarNamedDesire on #Broadway TODAY!
I just called my friend a wanker but she's not gonna get it...
i gotta get a fucking job soon man!!
hey boo boo!!! xoxo
your new single 'Know How To Dance' ?
Yum! Fruit Pastilles :D
So excited for Saturday! Can't wait!!!!!
It&#39;s his nature...Vlastos wins poetry award
welcome to virginia!
Good & You
I'll wear Orange on Friday may also Saturday unless Bushmills is drank.
Where is #birdman at He is prob getting tatted up on the bench!
"Never apologise, never explain". The Queen Mother.
Didn't know you were an intern- that's awesome! Do you have anything lined up post graduation?
is a love like in a walk to remember so much to ask for?
no matter how good a friend is they're going to hurt you every once in awhile and you must forgive them for that
lol I hate the world
Tax Free Retirement? Think about your future... www.brianbreck.com
Chuck e Blair <3
Who are some of your favorite country stars? I like Martina Mcbride and Dolly Parton. :D
I'm an open-minded guy, but a marriage between two people who both wear flip-flops just seems wrong.
Say something kind to someone today!
You can’t go wrong when you love others. When you add up everything in the law code, the sum total is love. -Romans 13:10, The Message
The waiting game is dumb
Deliberately ridiculous scenes in spoofs don't count.
#iBall & "my eyes is like arms.. I'm grabbin everything I see" -
lemme get a cup cake!!!!!
I don't get it... rude ppls.
Press Conference and tesifying today on sb 140 for penalty for the failure to report abuse
"I've recently adopted a LOLCAT."
Why aren't girls ever named "Jr" like boys are? Is there not a Jessica Smith out there who wants her daughter to be named Jessica Smith Jr!?
Thank you
Do yourself a favor and stop worryin' about other people's business,all that stress aint good 4 ya!
Who's not hungover? This girl!
We do both!
The Brothers of the Sun tour is shaping up to being the hottest ticket this summer. We've already got your promo on
yeah man I love you guys. This show is huge so we can blow it up
Show, show, show
Im with haha
Intermission and halftime? There's nothing good on.
I can't wait to be 16 this year! Gonna get out and fucking drive and get away from this hell called my house! Don't get me wrong I love home
I call bullshit.
"The sound of my name on her lips did something weird to my body. If my heart would beat fast ..."
did it hurt? Lol
#supermoon this eve! Powerful and passionate for all of us... Go For It!
Now we're gone, do you still feel the same? Well now, cant't you see? I need help to stop me from my self well can't you help me now?
Talk about pressure! I got to keep up with the legacy! I am destined to greatness
RT : - There has to be a compelling reason to trigger content (be phone number, QR Code, short code, etc)
Panera? Yes please and thank you
living my life t Like that shit is golden
wants you to try their famous pastrami sandwich! We love ours with spicy mustard….Yum
All bands named after body parts should have to sing that body part song everyone sings in Kindergarten.
arnt you Christian?
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.<U+FFFD> Zig Ziglar
Someone text me...I need something to do...
": Lol that nigga name Meisha." Lmao I noticed that!! Like damm nigga I thought u was a girl!
Code Completion: perpetuating misspelled variable names since '96
Once new additions of MW3 become available to pre- order at the retailer you ordered at, you just ask them I believe.
i know right? Fml
Thanks for the great post about Frank Turner. I'm still reeling.
Seriously? Why can't girls just be nice? I dont wanna be rude but he's your ex for a reason. You don't need to trash on his gf.
go for it, I just made them into steel!
woo finally haha :')
We're looking forward to tomorrow's performance.
Okay so I lost 2 followers .... and it seems like I'm not gaining any....
Would UWWhitewater beat UWMadison? Guess I'll have to watch them tonight.
lead evaporated?
Ah, so jealous you're in Coronado!
Our whole class is walking to the football field for no reason. That's love <3
behind every bitch is a boy that broke her heart. but remember behind every player is a girl that broke his ,the cycle continues
oh gosh. I hope that I am not one. I hope that I have not offended you. Have been a fan since #LLAG. Hope to continue reading.
Happy Thanksgiving to all! We love you.......and turkey. But you guys more.
RT« #Pisces are known to have random bad attitude moods.»
but the nausea is still free.
Does anyone actually call Boston Beantown anymore?
Everyone must correct his own self; this is something more difficult to cope with, but it is not impossible. - Bhumibol Adulyadej
Chillin with at the
Just said goodbye to my family. Am suddenly homesick. Crying jag at bus stop.
Carne Asada at My House tomorrow , home made everything , Yeah , That ought to be Interesting :)
It is official...Britney Spears and Demi Lovato are the new judges on The X Factor
#prom was good... Ready for #sleep Z
Survey on Organizational Values: Can every employee within your organization state its values from memory? yes or no? more...
Booking for mixtape
Time to go jogging!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> I hate it but hey lol
dont feel bad i do to!! (: lol
Nice bucket list. Though as a KY resident the Derby is overrated.
OMG what the fuck? Man City. Unbelievable
"I wanna daance... in love. And dancce... again." , , you kids have me hooked.
What a play Ravens!!
girls all over the map these days, so it's either get burned or be a sucker trying to hang on to one
ok, thanks for letting me know :) btw you and looked smashing :)
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
F school
see ya there :)
Advice for B2B marketers - "Observe the sales team to find what's selling, then amplify it." Phil Clement, CMO - via
RIP Adam Yauch. End of an era. Fond memories of sitting next to him in a Tibetan food joint in Frisco (circa 1996)
I think and born to be rappers..
Just Give it a Look :) www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
RT : Albuquerque Journal Press Pass subscribers can purchase advance tickets to Disney's The Lion King! This landmark......
Tri cities radio stations are killer. Puts portland to shame.
my mom almost made my head bleed smashing me against a wall when I was young and now she wants to kill me again..
i love rainy days on the couch watching down with love with
I should start collecting these for variety. Either that or use "artisanal stress craftsperson" as a catchall.
Samsung Canada Offers Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich Upgrade
You know what? I am happy<U+2665>
Just got the nails did.
I'm gonna need the city of Los Angeles to collectively get it together.
will you all have the Duke-UNC game Wed night? Planning a buddy's birthday.
for library users who want step by step instructions: First, are you breathing? To complete this it's absolutely essential you remain alive.
just got done playing music with the boys. love it !! Time for more writing now...bye my tweets
Getting plans together for spring break yet?
good for her! very true. except the part where she says "I love you guys". kinda hard to "love" a misogynist
2 of our great local partners! Thanks for following the Safeway Classic!
I KNOW!!!! I BREATHED THE SAME AIR AS THEM!!!
doing it big in lafayette with my boys man its good to be back chilling with them. round 2 has started!
When I use ‘lol’, I use it as ‘heh’ in spoken conversation. Ergo, people using ‘lol’ all the time are analogous to Beavis and Butthead.
We keep praying for a financial blessing and God is saying "I already gave you a gift. Use it."
is looking for a legal secretary in palm harbor @ $13 to $14/hour; send her your resume
looks good!
25 years in and I really enjoy going to school everyday
We the students at SEL students engaged in leadership about to be interviewing Principal Camper finding out more about the budget
F showed me your FB post about being first to vote. Congratulations! When do you get back to NYC?
Anyone see a bellybutton vomiting lint? Wanna?
Putting together #Ikea furniture makes me feel handy, even tho I'm far from it
Guess 3 quarters gets u an MVP ": Why is Wade not in the MVP race, btw? :O"
road trip to allegheny!
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
if its meant to be, it will be.
The new CD, Livin' Out Loud, is now available at www.claymcclinton.com!! Within the next couple of weeks you can also find it on iTunes, CD
Can some explain why no Lovejoy?
Just locked myself out of my condo... Great start to my weekend....
Right?! You think after that I should be able to do anything.
This shit dumb
is on fire --> God-#confidence is intended to translate into self-#confidence!
Even if the call stands (in which case, it's BS) I'm happy that McCarthy listens to the fans/owners of Green Bay #ReverseTheCall!!
So funny to think that though we may never meet, we'll have this connection our whole lives.
thanks for a great time as usual!
i always want to swing by a Buffet after fasting
this hat is amazing. Period.
Just hanging out at the DMV. No place else I'd rather be.
Thanks for dinner, babe. I love you!
omg I forgot about it! I'll give you the 600th! (:
lol w.e ma yo gorgeous ;D
Thanks for tweeting about the Buddy Bike!
Love has an evolving definition for me, but i dont think im incapable of it.
Awww, Don & Megan are so... cute?
Of course I do! " Kaitlyn loves when I call her princey poo."
group chat! Should prolly include and jimmy.
So I saved $600 in hopes of buying a car sooner or later but I can't drive until 2012 so should I keep saving or blow it on a new PS3?
The only Mexican I know is Mexican food. *hair flip* \(u-u)z RT : I don't speak taco *poker face*
If he doesn't get better ASAP, suggest he see a chiropractor. An adjustment will stop the pinched nerve from serious damage.
Yow! After stinger's out, poultice of water and baking soda helps draw out venom.
Feeling content!
In my sis Arleen house wit my babe :*
I want to be in your wine club.
But it's over now, go on and take a bow..
Anyone want food poisoning? Toni wants to cook
RT : My guess is there is nobody more frustrated right now than Larry Bird. RT (Fran Vogel)
#JaneByDesign is about to end... Why don't I like this?
RT : Tony Wroten is nowhere near ready for the NBA. Anybody who thinks he is is either blind or looking for a handout.
Daniel Hard
body combat at the gym and a 90 min walk.
Awesome friend is awesome.
is that a good or bad thing? o_O
Doesn't a 120oz table tap beer tower sound wonderful while sitting outside on our patio?!?!!!!!!
WHAT. THE. HELL? I missed your chat yesterday; friend forwarded to me this AM.
are U on Facebook?
u can meet hundreds of people to pass out business cards,promote ur business www.tri-statespeeddating.com
something has got to be done to my head ASAP.!
Of Course!!! season can't get here "FAZZT" enough! RT : Already planning on the setups, Nice!
as if this political theory class isnt already the single worst class on earth, time is moving 10x as slow knowing #game7 awaits
Dear Broadcast team. Stop doing what you're doing.
check out
wow, how many stories was the fall?
Tha Limit vol 2 is complete. Will post up download links in a lil bit
Today Was Lovely:)
RT : & will be at #Swingfestevents Miami in October. Looking forward to helping people know their #HIV status
oofff! so pretty when she stopped to chalk up!
Shallon shut up
can't follow anyone else I seem to have hit some twitter limit
that is more uses than I thought of.
I need the cold now :'(
Can I send you a DM with a question about your Twitter account? Thanks!
St. George's Day recipe: slow-braised shoulder of mutton - The Guardian
#Nuggets -- history stacked against them -- put up a fight. But bad shooting late in the fourth did them in.
Ma dude i gotchu
Oh yeah bc we know abstinence training works oh so well. Not so much.
urine secure
A2) Hickory-Smoked BBQ Sauce, Onion, Chicken
Guilty pleasure in life...pizza and wine night with one of my best friends. Thanks for a great Monday night Jules!
In 2 weeks, do a GOOGLE search - PokerStars club Nottingham, UK Thanks
Its called "Madea's Witness Protection". What she gonna do in the movie, turn into Tyler Perry?! How can you not spot a tranny lookin granny
If you could be a member of any band in the world, what would it be?
Cocaine in DC elementary
So, wait - Jered Weaver pitches a no-hitter & Howie Kendrick bats 1.000 on the night? I hope all the fans there appreciate the show!
Thanks for the shout out and for stopping by to see us! Enjoy the beautiful day!
Cough, cough, I want to! I need a Detroit - Chicago - Milwaukee - Minneapolis - Bozeman thrift shopping tour! LA for you??
I don't wanna miss a thing
awesome! Fun too I bet!
I work at a boarding school for kids with learning disabilities, so I get to opportunity to see a lot of these things 1st hand
oh! I've heard those guys. I think they were talking about a pink snowball cake or something. It was weird.
Nothin better than downtown madison.
I was joking with Marc last night about that - we don't have furniture to fill it all. It'll be empty for a while!
Darn anyhow. Work is interfering with my #gc2012 worship watching. Hate it when that happens.
So what is this now? #NewNewNewTwitter?
I can see that young padwon.
Happy Birthday to have a blast! And keep doing what you do so perfectly ;D Enjoy :):)
#WhyIlovemuseums (from my kids) Because it's like school, but more fun!
thanks so much-I'm totally surprised! Are you going to the next event in June?
Sum folks would hav voted 4Barrett last time around but they really wanted 2conceal carry.Let them have their guns so we can
First Watch: Finding Stillness In The Heart Of The City
Listening for Sample Rate Robert Speed
suck it up
hey miss monet :)
to be honest I haven't. But I really would like too.
so we rollin eyes now. let me not bark up this tree
I didn't think of it that way, but it's so true. Def sad.
im fine girlfriend gearing up for softball! and golf yep wuld love to c u. i hope twitter straightens out cant ask CB to follow me
Never really watched #DWTS but have a feeling Donald Driver's gonna kill it on that show.
Interned at AMC Network. All pilots circulate around town
count me in
3 a days, huh? what are you training for?
Thanks so much for the follow, Alejandra! Check out my music if you have time. Hope you like it <3
I wish could have come to town with and !
I think so. I counted up everyone I know who is doing it and I need more fingers.
definitely! Let me know when you want to meet and if you need more committee members
no doubt sexy
yes it was a saying and I dont have a twitter but this is Cindie
Why and this melenaselena (melena) why up have my number?!?
I knew they were out there; I was raised by one. Well, maybe that's a little unfair--aggressive but awesome at the same time.
Co sign. RT : This the best tweet ever! RT : We'd rather have the Cheeky Black Card than the black AMEX
Constitution said no black people could be President
"Whoever said, 'It's not whether you win or lose that counts,' probably lost."
There's just something sbout that 808 bump that makes me put my hands up
did u get my last tweet about DMing me?
RT somebody out there knows this man and justice is coming! bit.ly/onYcwb
The would-be #firstgen kids I see are told they must go to college - but given next-to-no info on how to make it happen. So. Frustrating.
As much as I am a die hard fan, I'm saddened to see how far has fallen off. C'mon dude, you're better than that!
Thank you everyone for all the love on my new haircut! When I woke up with basically no hair, it felt weird...but AWESOME. :)
Got any good sources for innovative library programming? Please share, thx!
can't name 81 communists in the Democratic party because they're aren't any!
80 degrees in MN, Adel blaring, & driving my late 90 yr old grandma's convertible top down-priceless!
try this
#swtc3 sweet UI by and team for sharepulse.co
"I thought you were the Asian me. Turns out, I was the caucasian you." #newgirl cracks my shit up!
The #SOPA Blackout is looking to be the most productive day I've had in years!
Our recitation of the Shema involves grateful acknowledgement of Yeshua's covenantal fidelity
keem changed his name back? lol`
Bear in Heaven is excellent writing music. #amwriting Since it's been playing I've killed off two characters in the name of allegory.
you ran away and left me to die
- We are checking into it. You should be able to Vote every 24 Hours.
Just landed my first stage (kitchen internship)!! :D
Great quest! You don't always get what you want/expected... RT : What is the "cost of creating trust" in a collaboration
I can tell this is gonna be one of the worst days ever.
I'm feelin' it, work it dani, work. it.
I'll meet that someone , someday...
I have to wrk that Sat & Sun I'm only off Thurs & Friday
Could be worse. He could be wearing Doug Pederson's number.
S/O to the Howard J-School students who won scholarships at the WHCD
there is no such thing as a good curry in the US - I am sure Although I have found decent fish and reasonable chips in Sausalito.
Need a dog trainer? Call Mike at Mountaineer K9 Services at 304.756.2561. He is amazing with dogs!
hi alex, today is my birthday my name is yanet reynoso, love you! Thanks
installing latest #telerik releases
yes! There's a circus club at my school I'm joining next year. It's gunna be awesome!
Sitting down to chicken and dumplings at on my way down to RVA for the JJ Weekend.
I hate everything about those commercials and that annoying ass women
Couldn't sleep last night so I know I made Fred Randolph and Brandon Etzler proud by surfing YouTube endlessly...:-)
You know my style shawty you don't have to think twice
Goodmorning... Now its time for breakfast # HeadInBed
found out it's #TallWomenAppreciationDay. Okay boys, I'm waiting. (& by boys, I mean no males under 6'3" cuz I wanna wear f me heels dammit)
so the annual problem for our generation is finding a good way to spend it. Phineas and Ferb theme song
oh my! 2x error is insane. How many grams should I use for a cup of almond flour?
Doppness magazine is out people to get your copy hit me up
lol go get yourself one
Adding twitter icon to email signature - look out!!
RT Really, the best way to look at the #NDAA situation is that Washington DC has declared war on the rest of the world.
I need an industry-impacting algorithm/system to heavily optimize for my graduate course. Current idea: cancer detection. Give me ideas!
Mr. President? Tell them to hire me!
I don't think I have your number anymore! But I can tweet you haha
get him on twitter!
that's how I remember the rule when I played, but that has been 10 years now.
yea I said it.
Woot! A mini sub special! Any hot or cold 6" sub w/ macaroni, potato salad, or chips & sm drink for $6.25+tax!
oh ok well gnite
So much thirst on my
I enjoyed the group as well and the intro. Maybe I will see you this Thurs night at the NSA event, I signed up already.
Welcome to my new updated Twitter page!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net I think that Kevin Durant has a strong chance of winning the MVP this year
At SANDAG watching Joe Gilpin's presentation on the NACTO guide
best nail polish color ever? ORANGE. hands down.
I just want this weekend to be over with, like nooowwww
Loving the seagulls here. Quite an inspirational spot for a writer. Very Robert Frost.
same old shit son, hit my phone
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 34
I am so itching to release some more info on, the Artist Trilogy (and on my current writing project)... but I can't yet; and that sucks! :P
Hhahaah sure sweetie!
Be sure to check out www.freesweat.com for the daily challenge.
happy bday Te'ON i love u son :)
Not going to lie, that made me tear up a little... good read.
Bout to go in on the secretary. DO NOT SET ME UP WITH INTERVIEWS WITH PEOPLE WITH TATTOOS ON FACE OR NECK!!!
Happy Mothers day to all the beautiful moms out there.
I think visualizations + geo-visualizations are the most impressive-looking things we have.
The lizard gods hate you...
Oz will not be out today due to High Winds...See Eveeryone at Talin Market on Wednesday...
i love ur icon! taylor is so pretty there :") <3
Do YOU have your ticket for the 14th Annual Auction yet?!?! Its May 19th!!...Call 256-7863 for info and to get tix!
Uggs and short shorts
Voss Down in about 8 turns. Tachyon ended the game with 9 HP.
obsessed with Tim Riggins from Friday Night Lights
Ate to much, may have to stay here tonight......
This message is going to be on repeat for a while...I am no longer in real estate in any way, shape or form. Thanks for the support :)
Check out our Harry Baals St. Patricks Day Merchandise
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up
Did you know that drinking tap water contributes to the destruction of intestinal flora, leading to food allergies and intolerances?
CollectionSpace open source project demo starting in Commonwealth C/D
Okay sorry for all the stuff, I just needed to vent about this overly frustrating process. Off to class now!
I vow to love you, and no matter what challenges might carry us apart, we will always find a way back to each other
Remember December.
#nw - Pimp, Preacher, Profiteer
What's going on? What's going on????
Asha is so dumb for sending me that -_-
I. Hate. Spiders!
RT : Q1. Social media has also made peer-to-peer communication more open, less formal
yea that and crab cakes. But mostly crab cakes.
hi do you deliver.
air sandwich - two pieces of bread and nothing else - because I'm that lazy
I told my mama stop the drama ! I don't want to study,I just want to party !!!
MAD im 2 old to have a crush
My knee feels a lot better :-)
sadly yes. And then some (I didn't mention). :) checking them all out. Hey - it's free #storage!
me too #Skank !
QT : J Lo is never gonna learn. Smh(lol ! ! It makes NO sense....
That may make them think twice & change a decision that could cost them their life. PEACE.
me to good cause i will be a writter and director 1 day im going to school for it soon boy if you seen what this movie is man aw
Aww, did u really? We missed being there! Hope to be touring up there again soon!!! it will be
hey you heard it here first new position Back Fat fucking Ctfu lol
The summer issue of #Loudoun Magazine will feature a full page print of one my latest photos. It is expected to hit news stands in weeks.
how's your evening, Meg? Crazy day, sure hadn't planned to sit in class, but glad I did.
Thanks for the tip! CC
whats with the picture of kemba walker, he has neither flow nor bronze
you're too kind!!!!
hahaha no! Not at all! I really do love it.
"Hired the whole family like mobsters. Getting paid off our operation we ain't even doctors."
That's just wishful thinking. :P
#ThingsIWantTheMost to be completely happy, even though it's impossible for me it'd be nice..
Time for some much needed margaritas with my bestie!
says budget "has not been easy." describes process as exhausting, but says "different dynamic" in albany these days
What makes a good friend? loyalty, laughter and the sense to slap you when you are being stupid. thank god for those friends.....
I cannot believe that tomorrow is February already!
o. what's the answer?
trying to convince my parents to let me see an , , , or concert this summer...
I'm up in this bitch...What's good?
What would you like to get?
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better <3 10
we'll know within the month. Once we figure out where offices will be and where the drumset will go.
who is eric patterson? The mets may want to sign him after the tigers cut him.
Looking fwd to the next few weeks =)
Hey thanks for following us!
Oh, yay! It's Boxing Day!
I can tell it's final paper time by the search terms that lead people to my blog...Hope y'all aren't plagiarizing!
Can we go back to using Facebook for what it was originally for? .... looking up exes to see how fat they got .
#christmaseveshopping and candle lit silent night at church. miss my sis.
you can borrow my 85mm if you'd like.
I would like to apologize to anyone I haven’t offended. Please be patient, I will get to you shortly.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen You Ask What Someone Elses Doing & They Say "Your Mom" #SoStupid .-.
what's up girl
Very good to know, RT You have 8 seconds to make a first impression on a webpage and 15sec for an email
Whenever I need someone most, hardly anyones there.
Almost #NYE to see and !!
Hahaha gurllfriend chu the prettiest person alive and sure Andy go ahead. x]
no, in people years.
I don't know I just heard about it. Doesn't look good.
Great feature on Affordable art for your place! Thanks //newyork.timeout.com/shopping-style/2083773/affordable-wall-art
“: I'm a mixture of firgee and Jesus” Fergie
NICE RT A4 "Problem fixing patches holes. Solution fixing builds roads"
just sold out. on reorder. should have them in 7-10 days. :>)
Hey austin! <U+E32D>
OMG I hope I get some sleep today!!! The compression fan for the air conditioning is broken...freakin $600!!
"It is our choices...that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." ~J. K. Rowling, Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets
And you just said that. Wow.
Elaine has been there every time at the EXACT moment I needed a pick me up. Love her bunches. #FollowFriday (via )
RT Had so much fun today with at the mall!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0095><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084>
haha you do not! Im STILL sickened at the actions of one male the night before this one.
Music is well said to be the speech of angels.
Hello, sorry to leave you hanging, we didn't see your message there!
Will You ever come to san diego california
#startupday was fantastic! Just what I wanted -- the stuff you don't get in school. I liked Ben's ad metrics = hotels analogy.
Happy to say that the David Fincher version of Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is very, very good.
Somebody needs to be decisive & figure out where we're going for breakfast right now.
Good Sunday at the Delancey. Also, NYC Parking: 0, Yellow Light Maybe: 3.
check your direct message call me on that number
Congratulations to Laura Dern for winning best actress for Enlightened, my favorite show of 2011.
RT : *For Adults Only* got your tickets to the "Exxotica Expo" at Miami Beach Convention Center May 18-20th
Happy Birthday Mies! If you search for Mies in VIRGO, you'll find 117 books in the Fine Arts Library? Maybe *More* is more!
Big time players make big time plays in big time games. That's everything Omer Asik is NOT.
I had the honor & pleasure of meeting Susan Taylor in DC many years ago at one of her book signings. She read my Spirit.
All of Blazer Nation eagerly anticipates your return, LA. Just don't rush back too soon and make the injury more serious.
I wish I had a recipe! I'll see if I can hunt one down or make one up.
EXCLUSIVE: The New England Revolution are not very good at soccer. #SportingKC SKC 3-0 NER
did you watch the shawt bus shawty video yet?
I am hot
ima wild out, is u
So Tyga has a little dick and big balls right? Ha.
Come over and say hi to Traveler® at Gate 11, check out new merchandize as well. Fight On !!!!
Thanks so much!
& Thx for the mentions!!!
Nice family ! I thought you would hold up a sign with for a good time call.
Nah. not if you can take the heat. I went to DC in the end of July once, hot, but still good times.
The Bellmen are a #sxswmustsee band!
What doesn't kill me will only make me stronger!. . . . Right?
Good day today fixed my water lines the roots of the plants had grown around the drip lines squeezing them shut
Well my bronze twin!
My research data concludes that the facebook ipo is merely a cash out for the current companies holding shares...buy at your own risk
seems like there's a holiday based on the parking structure
Glad to hear about your son's success too.
thank you :)
#3WordsOfAdvice Life. Goes. On.
I speak to God directly, I know my God respects me, cause he let me breathe his air and he really blessed me.
I've been a steady viewer since before I can remember, but today I'm leaving you for GMA Why? Sarah Palin
"We up three-zip and it's game foe!" -
Both! The magic of DVR.
Started with same goals as national occupy mvmt and to recall Walker. Now they're focused almost exclusively on homeless issues
RT : B2B brainstorming in the #unSDCChi session. Good info from &
That's not fair! You're already pre-tanned. You shouldn't burn.
Slept 3 hours...yea!!!
Get everyone u know to send emails to council asking them to re-open library budget today! W.facebook.com/savethelibrary.
It has gotten to a point that man is too intelligent for his own good. To the point where experts can rationalize anything they want to.
So, why did Big Mac become supersized? We have a new blog on Jay throwing brother Mark under the bus, www.ussportspages.com
first evil laugh that actually made me shudder.
Ah. Starting the day off good. We got accepted to NABI. Yeuuuuh buddy!!!
Just heard the news - congratulations!!
What if Today is Your Day!.......
"The Mac is Back!!!! Thanks to and the gang at You all rock!!! Thanks for getting me back in the game!!!"
I did hear it on Potus!
Ma nah ma nah
Deloitte's IMPACT day. Third year teaming with Capital Area Food Bank, Washington DC metro area for IMPACT Day. Addressing hunger issues...
It's one of my fondest childhood memories, so I hope you enjoy your May Day bouqet too!
This just in: looks like we'll be hosting the Manitou Database Administrator Certification Course (#MDACC) later this year. Stay tuned!
hey claudia your my FAVORITE!! guru on youtube! :) i <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>x1,000,000 your videos! keep making awesome vids! xoxo -katherine :)
I'm voting yes for the merge.
You too! “: Good luck tomorrow !”
ITS NOT MY FAULT:)
He'll have a blast. As will you, watching him do it. You will not, however, see any of the game before mid-2nd period.
I hear is great with balls, too. cc
10 days till I close. Not soon enough.
PRISCILLA AHN JUST POSTED ON OF OUR VIDEOS!
"Save the drama for Obama."
Thought I lost my Creating the Future for Libraries pin but IT'S ALL OKAY NOW. Also, still creating the future for libraries.
That School Is Expensive As Fuck . I Wish We Had The Money -.-
Warning: that announcement vid isn't nearly as funny as most of our DFA vids. Sorry. :)
genetics mixed with super science and a little bit of love.
I CAN'T GIVE UP.
LOL! Really? Always great when a douche cannot even spell a quote he has stolen correctly ;-)
what is the radio station number
Amazing brunch on now at Lotties! Deconstructed Thanksgiving stuffing in the form of breakfast strata!
Every member of the Australian band Men at Work is currently unemployed.
Some old people are driving vehicles right now and don't even know it
Thanks for following Eye Tech Training! (I love Nashville!)
I just coined the term, "4St world problems..." so there is no confusion as to where that originated. :)
MO REPLIED TO ME. OMG OMG OMG OMG. THANK YOU. YOU ARE MY SAVIOR. AAAAAAAAHHHH, i'm telling my mom brb.
All right, Twitterverse: We're answering your worst financial questions. Worried about retirement? Managing credit card debt? Tell us now!
Researching digitized stills of 1957 Broadway production of The Music Man for my final project in metadata. What fun!
Pride in your company is important because that's where employee engagement comes in.
This summer is gonna be the first glimpse of burning hell.
be right there
WE COULD BE HEROOOEEESSS
? Come on in for lunch today! Delicious soups, salads and sandwiches are available!
Good maybe Bradford can use him at WR too than RT Brockers reminds me of a bigger Leon Lett, really good hands
“: forget it, Jake's Big A** Birthday Party” haha I like that better
is waiting for the call for step up 3D
didn't stress write all of those nice waltzes? Wasn't that stress?
You're a huge influence & inspiration to me as a songwriter. Thank you for being uncompromising. It means everything!
Maybe this grabs you? RT : Hard Boiled Egg Stuffed Beef Meatballs simmered in chipotle salsa w pintos, lettuce, tomato, sourcream.
According to about 99% of my direct messages, someone on here is spreading some nasty rumors about me. Which one of you guys is it?!?!
Thanks to all those who supported #prssa today at the
just observing
Everybody calm down and listen to Otis redding for a minute, alright?
Im following unow ! :D “: #NF Follow back?”
When its quiet enough to hear urself think ur inner voice might surprise you
Waiting to play a Step 3 tournament on UB. My goal is to go the WSOP Main Event this year. 1 Step 5, 2 Step 4's, and 3 Step 3's.
I'm looking for a great piano teacher in Orlando. Any recommendations?
making so much coffee!!!
Should I stay with a guy who cheats
side kick
But wait. This guy sleeps right next to your room???
Please Followers HELP ME! I need to get my followers up to 1000 before i can follow anyone else!!! PLEASE RETWEET!
Thanks for the retweet, Samantha. I like you new avatar.
“: #gobrowns” Welcome to the family! WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF!!!!
live..love and suffer..but never learn to surrender
Thanks tj! I am just trying to figure out Twitter!
This is what happens when you find [fuck] a stranger in the Alps [ass]!
Carenet says farewell today to our Director of Marketing. We miss you already Tanya. We can still call right?
#bunt from cleanup hitter, Seager, who is alo RBI leader of M's in the past 7 days
Went to bar with friends & designated driver who does'nt drink. Driver was a decoy, staggered to his car, police followed him home & not us.
Word Nerd Factoid: The study of the lives of the saints is called hagiology.
Good advice --->RT : Your marketing content should be created in way that connects. Write like you’d speak with a friend.
WHY READ? To experience many more lives as if they were yours. To travel the world and time from the comfort of your reading chair. TO LIVE.
was the tweet talking about let you finish and you'll call me in a bit for me ?
LA traffic. -___-
Here for the final #GUCampusplan meeting. Commissioners working through the "easy" stuff and get to enrollment and housing later...
haha. Yeah its so good!
BNoticed has power and is back up and running. Thank you for your patience!
¦ Books worth Sharing ¦ CHILDREN ¦ Tales from Old Ireland Celebrate the wonder of Ireland with the seven enchanting stories in this...
Look and feel of bezel is called 'digital rain'
#bbcqt that banker kid in the audience, save yourself and stfu !
i hope my mother doesnt have insomnia cuz then she'll always be ina bad mood<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Women who don't shave their pits, need to not fucking wear sleeveless shirts. Gross.
lol. More caffeine!!!
so agree. Webinars are such a waste of time because of that BS.
MT is hiring a Case Manager II and Outreach/Partner Services Specialist. For more info call 619-702-4186.
i'm sorry about yesterday
How was parent demonstration tonight?
Fucking FUCK my phone screen cracked.
The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck. -Tony Robbins
I love Qualtrics!
Don't find fault. Find a remedy. ~Henry Ford
.need beats? any genre. email me w/details @
I have more tweets then u how that's possible?
“Chicago DJ Network” added all my tracks to their network list. www.chicagodjnetwork.com
just blinked....
planning with to get a Thor hammer and Hulk hands to take with us to the Avengers premiere in 2 weeks
Lot of players I like still available some examples: E. Page, T. Lewis, J.Chapman, G. Iloka, Ta'amu, J. Adams, C. Judie, J. Norman, J. Adams
THANX FOR THE FOLLOW #NF STAY DREAM CHASEN PRETTY GIRL :)
I'm interested to know, what are some of your fav fiction titles? I mean like the kind that really impacted you.
I am about to break up my day by heading to the fitness center at our office. Always does wonders for me!
Regular heartbeat: /\_/\_/\_/\_ My heartbeat with you: /\/\/\/\/\/\ My heartbeat w/o you: /\_________
Fact: There are some people who can wear uncomfortable pants. I am not one of those people
Santé! RT enjoying a homemade Hummingbird cocktail while making dinner
": #Aries will kiss you like its their last. There is passion, fire, and a little bite."
I love/hate that site RT : Classic subject line in DC Urban Mom RE forum: "Stink bug seen at a house for sale--what does this mean?"
I'm lost O.o
I've come to realize I suck at play station bowling.
Hey Alex! Glad you were able to see it. Thanks for coming out to our #SDAFFSPRING showcase. Hope to cu again soon!
In the past 24hrs I've been to far too many home improvement stores!
I might move Wright to 1st base and Inge to 3rd Base an that's my corner infielder for the 10 years
My work is done.
your laptop alive?
Evidence that the Civil Wars did great on the #grammys - their website is down due to capacity issues.
RT : Those looking for healthy skin will enjoy the high levels of selenium & calcium found in cottage cheese
funniest day ever that nigga was throwin up and eddy was actin like a little bitch lol
If Zimmerman were black and a little white boy got shot, what would happen. Arrest his a$$ and fire Bill Lee and the whole Sanford gang.
Little by little today we're going to a post each item on Twitter for our 6-21-2011 auction. Let's do some business!
I want to see Snow White & the Huntman SO bad!
ohh...sending you love too.<3 i'll try to tweet you.but you never answer me.
No It'd be 733650000 dollars.
yeah yeah yeah
Oh heck yes - that is some classy business. Can't wait to CELEBRATE!!
What a completely condescending article. Glad the comments point that out.
obviously you video is very liked:)
finally reported #occupywallstreet but claimed we have "no Ideas" favored bloomberg's position. Maybe break up banks? Regulation?
thank you!
taking my son to game 7 tonight
I need clarification to who this is directed at. "big bucks" implies, not me. By the way, Royals would beat verlander, why not?
i haven't cracked open a book in 2 days. sometimes i'm such a slacker
Thanks for the reach. Very cool.
At #sia12 day 3: Looking forward to the noon presentation in room 302 w/ IMRE's Crystalyn Stuart... Social Media & the High-Loyalty fan
How do you like me now? #whitesox are on a roll. Beating teams on the road. Dunn and Peavy doing what they do.
Red House Painters' Katy Song...so damn good. I don't know how I was so late. I love this album so much. But Katy Song, especially.
Guy at the door at office asked if my dad was home and if he could speak to him, please (at female-owned, all-female-staffed business).
Windows 8 RT to bring eclectic mix of PCs: Windows running on power-efficient chips from ARM will inject a new dynamic into the PC market.
you about to lol
ive been drinking a lot....
If all Facebook users formed a new country, it would rank third among the largest in the world.
NaLee the beginning of a trilogy, Fire and Ice is the next in the Series.... coming soon!!!
I ease stress by listening to "Fairy Tale Lover" by soothing :-D
Mom and daughter nite ;-)
Make time for your family.
RT : We're giving away backstage passes to see TONIGHT. Stay tuned RU students to win.
hey Vin! How's life? :)
watching some movie on tv.
Although the snake does not fly it has caught the bird whose home is in the sky ~Nigeria~ #nigeria s
whats good ronnie? :-)
know a good collaborative/interdisciplinary/creative twitter for us to follow? Tweet and let us know!
Just saw an article about how midtown plots were mostly filled; hmm maybe not anymore.
thank you so much!
I still cant believe this
what up bf I miss you
Thank you. I need to utilize all my talents to support my cause :)
“: "You don't have time to discover your way. You must know it." - ScriptLab, you guys are great!
I'm so proud of you boyz & I'm happy to say that I have been here since you first hit the stage, watching reruns!
LOL ...... is singing the 'Wonder Pets' theme song in the shower ...
This bitch is pissing me off -___-
I can't wait till my daughter is born<3 All hail princess Leah<3:)<3
Good to see a player -#Schilling- back #tito, but man are people taking way too literally. Hope others step up - shldve already
Anyone is Psanderette here? RT this(;
MLK concert tonight at 6pm at St. Luke's Episcopal Church (3725 30th Street). Join us for an evening of gospel and praise!
Happy birthday to the one and only Jessica!!!!
The #Romney hair cutting incident reminds me of old videos of guys tackling people/w mullets, while chanting "Cut the mullet"- ah good times
Thanx for the re tweet
Seeing #7D and #c300 footage side by side is shocking
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature's way.....Aristotle
Good morning tweeps
was at his best in that KUSI interview. His line about "getting to yes" is poignant
sfjazz spring this wknd goes global: fri, french/us mad peyroux; sat, german max raabe @ paramount/oak; sun, brazilian/lebabese assad bros
Thank uRT : Thanks for the follow
Matty literally just went into surgery. He should be out around 5pm. I'll keep you all posted when he is out.
send your information to thanks
You bet they did! - The B Side RT : Wow... crowd sure did love 's "Memphis Lives in Me" tonight!
#Workplace #safety tip 4 lifting: Assess the situation, plan the lift & make sure you have nonskid shoes and firm footing
Love is like the wind... You can't see it, but you can feel it
Questions asked when you see twins; 10% who's older? 5% do you share the same room? 5% do you ever get bored? 80% are you twins?
If I were an alcoholic this would be the point where I open a bottle all for myself. Oh well maybe next year.
The star of "16-Love" was in Pretty Little Liar btw, Lindsey Shaw, she was great to work with! :)
He raced a yellow 21 at Lernerville and Mercer last year too. Didn't know where he came from...
Had a crappy night..
thanks for the follow! We look forward to your programming!
was it a fite at skool
Just had forensic anthropologist look at repro cranium. Learned he was 25-30 yrs. and had deviated septum!
Goodman Quality and Durability Performance Certified in Accordance with the Air Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigeration Institute (AHRI)
So come on in drab a wheat beer & enjoy the atmosphere
If anyone wants a copy of my Xmas list i can fax, email, tweet, txt it too you. :)
Hi thank you for the note! Post the WWW address when you have a chance.
Your avi = Much love! #ASSEMBLE!
it was good...original.
RIP Helen Mcelroy I love you Mom
Everything iss..soo....perfectly...sliced....:D *orgasm*
Yes Justin, you do have the most dedicated fans ever. We love you!! Can you follow me??
We'd love to open for the mighty Pants some night though. When I get some rough cuts of our work, I'll send them your way.
If you want to hang out with me that bad just text me. You got my digits, boo.
I thought you was suppose to move 4ward in life, these hoes backwards nd back trackin or doin the same ol thang.
I was born a kid but grew up to be a strong black man
Thanks for the mention and great seeing you in SF last week!
I do lurve that feature from
Will do!
Suicide vests found in Afghan ministry
follow back.:)
A six year old girl asked me if I knew how to tell a boy horse from a girl horse. I just got up and left the room.
cheerleaders are practicing in the fort quad lol
im tired of all theese low down niggas they need to bump up they game yall might ain't got no money but still bump it up yall game
RT : I have the same problem telling the difference when Luke Babbitt goes in. (When does Babbitt go in?)
thanks ma'am
#Meryl Streep just hooted at her make -up artists. So that's when you know it's going to be a good night. --- ale
RT : What a coincidence, I just printed a bunch of Marukan coupons from :)
ewwww! He is a clown. And I can beat him up basically
Kissing is fucking awesome, lol I love it.
Start scheming' niggas tryna get at me
Oh, damn! That Rusty Ps show! Crazy you still got that.
No matter how badly i wish they were still here, i'm happy for them that they're back home
<U+266B> It's an eminence front. (It's a put on.) Come and join the party, dressed to kill. <U+266B>
Shoutout to a up and coming singer < follow her!
no lol... But that shouldn't stop u from get a reverse birthday present :D
Sweet! Congrats.
I say Jessica is gone tonight.
Calling it now. will prevail as the winner of #TheVoice Season 2. Got get em girl!
Judge Hearndon says god is not magician. Idea that must be miracle is wrong headed
Worked on the 17 yo daughter's car. Had some issues. Told her to keep an eye on oil level. She 'wags her head' & says that's not my problem.
I love John Lucas
fake. i wish it wasn't, but it is. poor justin.
ANSWER MY CALL. how was your first day?
LMAO ! Let's just start brainstorming invention/get rich ideas already
Free promotion for your social networks on my profile. Try the URL. trust me its great. BTW , follow 4 follow?
How much of a tax write down will get because they lost $2 billion?
There is not that much for me to say on the political front. Except, we are screwed like a porn actress.
#Nuggets look for real. This is going to be a fun team.
Really fun show last night with and at ! Hopefully we can do it again SOON:)
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0098>
thanks, we're psyched to do some great stuff with them.
That moment when you see a new episode of pokemon and think why is ash still the same age?o.O
My favorite kind of hair.
you need to meet if you haven't already.
says the best things <3 she definitely puts things into perspective for me (:
Checking out some music festivals for this summer...
The moon tonight. So full and so lovely.
I always get out late and I don't get to see him at work :(
our first alpine races of the season are this weekend, and our pipe kids are flying in the 22' Olympic half pipe
Keep forgetting about the #Braves. By Aug this rivalry could be for last and next to last of NL East.
I wish milwaukee allowed beach bonfires.
-smiles back at you-
Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him. The evil that men do lives after them T
looking forward to that recipe!
Looking forward to the week ahead... I could really use some GOOD news. About anything. On any topic.
About to participate in my first webinar: How One Advocacy Action Per Month Can Change the World! from ALA Washington Office
Soccer is my game.
Aw! We're blushing! Glad to hear summer reader is helping you out! Thanks for the kindness!
The Land of #Israel— is the only land to which #Jews are historically bound from our origin as a people!!
Lmfao all bad, theres still a chance
I just feel so grateful right now... we have the chance to live & help still.
The Daytona 500 is on tap for Sunday, and the 53rd running of the iconic American race figures to be a good one!!!!
RG-6 or RG-59. Home run or looped/daisy-chained. These are the questions that determine what type of Hotel Television system you need.
Moving back to Berlin soon. I almost forgot about German bureaucracy.
I'm so glad I took my plugs out. Earrings are so much prettier.
how can blues music make me so happy? Its crazy
Ah D.Rose should've been sitting. Damn.
If Presecco is your bag baby the Lamarca is outstanding for $13. Happy Lively bubbles that last a long time, great acidity & clarity.
Sunny and 62 degrees today? Thinking of the water for sure... Can't wait to launch this spring.
you are number 99 out of 100 my friend
FUCK A FAKE PROMOTER WE GOT THE REAL THING is live in the building RIGHT NOW!!!
tweet yall tomorrow at work lol
I am going to #LaRosas tomorrow to celebrate my last day of my junior year, it should be empty because everyone else will still be studying.
Chris Paul is looking like he will be a Laker on a part time basis! Something tells me, this guy deserves a full-time job!
Our hearts go out to you. Be strong.
Will never notice me :...(
It's flavor is the real reason why paper mache is so disappointing. Something that sticky should be delicious. Deceptive.
RT What are your New Year's resolutions going to be? Health goals? Exercise? Diet? Rest?
Some our hair create more oil than others so some if us need very light oil in our hair! Less is more
Just fixed my first slide in a new webinar I'm giving to include a pic of who I am, and a note to "be lively!"
Yes! Yes!!! Please do :) I'd buy then by the pound!
it's always best to trust ur gut with ur experiences :) I hope2get on c2c again!
going to grow a mustache till the Astros are above .500 I will have a very big mustache
I'm in Madison tonight but I should be back later tomorrow night for st party's! What are your plans?
yep! its great although its hard when I am the only librarian in the building!
im good, just exhausted from work... and obviously bored ha ^.^ how are you??
Traffic is crazy this morning be careful people, seeing a lot of wrecks.
If you didn't tweet me I probably would have forgotten
oh wow
“: I just can't sleep.” maybe my company could help you sleep?
It seems right now that all I've ever done in my life is making my way here to you.
Need to ask him if he the David Huff -- ARod play today between the #indians and
Hustling made easy......but my money it go hard.....these boyz like cookie dough so you know they all soft....
tell me the most #randomsongs you can think of 2003 & back.
I'm such a hypocrite when it comes to those things.
First lengthy drive in the Mini has gone smoothly, minus the last 30 minutes of dancing between first and second gear.
but it be like that sometimes . .
"That's my lucky assassin hat!"
the old boy killed it!
As Long As Phillip Wins, I Dont Care Who Else Is In The Top 2...
Our stories are all part of a bigger story.
As I like justin bieber, I also like cody simpson, BTR, & One direction <3
Happy Birthday to everyone celebrating a b-day in May! Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time. ~Jean Paul Richter
Shem y u acting up??? Smh *pulls knife out* now u beta chill lol
you're
"No woman No cry" not the most flattering song for women. Right? Or am interpreting the lyrics wrong?
Great meeting some incredible next generation leaders today at ! Looking forward having you in the mix this fall!
There's only one logical thing to do since I'm up at 2am, and that's eat breakfast.
Facebook should have a relationship status saying ; " Friends with benefits " since that's all anyone is anymore .
#BeautyOfIslam is trending!! :D :D :D :D
but what defines "rich"? What's rich for one, may not be for others?
Congrats KJ! RT : Kris Jenkins joins CBS Sports this season as a contributor for The NFL TODAY and INSIDE THE NFL on Showtime
(Nasdaq:ORCL) Monday, July 11, 2011. Owners of shares as of market close today will be eligible for a dividend of 6 cents per share. Nice!
Owen Wilson, totally bloated on the red carpet yo.
I hate constantly negative ppl! It's like smile, live life & enjoy the time u have here......damn!
is there another place that's open for lunch on Tuesday that you'd like to go to? Or maybe Wednesday?
u deserve better tv time broski.
Metta World Peace clearly LOVED being booed vociferously. He loves attention. Being eerily silent would have worked better.
So beautiful...that's the Whitney I choose to remember...
I followed her
I WANT TO BE WATCHING THIS RT : THAT counts. We're headed to
Dance floor, I have defeated you.
I think im the only one on the road
i got make up remover in my eye and it still burns
We put The Who's Tommy Pinball Wizard into the Gypsy Monday night.
Watching The Bruins...let's go!!!
wishing was in Paris as well
Add the top andbottom of the Die, I predict you will watch episode 7 ! LOL, Cant wait to finally meet you at MATB in SC
I'm so tired :(
I hate sneezing.
17 year, $102 million... what the heck kind of contract is that??
Do you know ! How I can post the in twitter !!!! Because I don't want to post the on YOU TUBE !!!!
I Need To Do My Hair.
Is it just me, or is TweetDeck acting up? Not that you'll be able to respond to me if you're having the same problems I am
come on by tonight! 5-7pm
I was more into the time traveling murderer aspect, but yeah, fuck hayzeus
aren't I always?
I will drop "digital" and "21st Century" with great hoopla when we start creating learning environments that reflect those terms.
yes we did!
my twitter is ! I like to go on here a lot though, too :)
Two students have now told me they intended to skip my class, but forgot because it was so much fun. This may beat 'LEGIT' as feedback.
Had a great time making 8 young ladies' dreams come true tonight with &
Philies fans being incredibly obnoxious
Gotta love book design. This week we finished Russian, Serbian, and English calendars for the Russian Orthodox Church Outside of Russia.
Warren G!
Do you need any promotion or advertisement for any of your models?
ok that's awesome
You're welcome! Aloha!
Why can't I ever fall asleep! I wish there was a OFF switch on me.
#Brewers dressed for Lambeau Field weather tonight at Wrigley Field.
We're ready for this snow already! enough with the dreary overcast!
Oh, front porch! How I've missed our evenings together. Good to be back.
You guys are dumb
hahaha I don't know either but it was funny!
Your hate is getting unhealthy.
Let the process begin! Typing up notes from the thus-far-untitled ensemble theater project. Then on to rough drafting and outlining.
Yes! He will follow!
Watch, he will send you a DM and block you. Did the same to me for basically pointing out same thoughts.
RT : BTW the Korean Basketball League retroactively fined me $3200 for taking my shirt off like Petey Pablo.
It's a great day for a beer! Quick get in here before the sun goes away!
- keynote at #SemTechBiz - fighting fire and saving lives with
andrew bird?
hm..really i dont know. C:
That we<U+0092>re not human beings that have occasional spiritual experiences, that we<U+0092>re spiritual beings that have occasional human experiences.
what up boss!
Vatican says Pope Benedict's meeting with Fidel has ended. Details to follow.
Shoulder and shoulder blade: pain at the lower third of the inner edge of the shoulder blade
I am making up for you missing this year! That sucks I knew it, lucky number 3! I had so many grass stains on me tho.. #pledges!
I hope you know your the reason I'm moving. But it's better I guess because you don't even care I'm alive.
The work has just begun. Today will be a 4-4 tie. Over haul Democracy from School Boards on up.
Last day of Interactive : ( What events are people attending today? Love to meet up!
Sorry not to be in NYC with my peeps at
I live a block from the rr tracks. Long freight trains every night.
lmaoooo that's what jhanielle said!
Find someone who makes you smile and never let them go. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
u have 7k followers! congrats! now lets raise the roof 2 8k! i now u can do it baby! do it 4 us! help him get higher! luv ya!
New computer, new Pro Tools, new OS, it's gonna be a good day!
Hope you had a great weekend! What's new with YJP in San Diego this week?
That's good! Goodnight and sweet dreams! TTYL! xoxo :)
Topics I am interest in include: SOA, Agile, Continuous Integration, System Engr/Arch
Nice guys finish last and bring you breakfast in bed!
im on a roll! ha
I used to have the hotest dance for "Kiss Kiss".I performed it infront of my dad & he made me apologize to God.
Watching top 9 home runs on Can't help but think with its history and culture that Baseball is the greatest sport in America!!
I don't think so but,... Kmart is now selling some... How convent... lol <U+E253>
Ask yourself: Have you been kind today? Make kindness your daily modus operandi and change your world.Annie Lennox
Gdmorning to u too K-Marie!! :)
Offered to take RB out for dinner AND even in Murray Hill. He asked if he was talking to his GF or not.
Ten Years! An Amazing Ride! Goodbye Harry Potter...
you don't love me & I don't treat you that way I hope not. :-( you r one of the coolest dudes!
her fukkin voice is getting on my nerves!!!!
Reasons I hate today. 1: It's Monday. 2: It's fucking pouring. 3: I work outside all day. 4: It's Monday and it's fucking pouring.
yeah, I have to get those after I get my braces off. I'm probably going to loose them though...
That euphoric moment when you realize the stressful experience is really, literally a nightmare, and waking up has just solved your problem.
Conscience is the biggest cock blocker.
when are we hanging out? I miss you
When did the $100 #Target trip turn into the $200 Target trip?
I’m really digging your "How to Go Viral on YouTube: Profiles in Video Marketing” Thanks!
Going in early....#Night :)
Has been approved to be a puppy foster parent! Yipee! Soon I'll be attending to the needs of a scruffy, homeless dog urchin! Yaaaay!!
Jorts Day Wednesday is making narrowing down future husband prospects that much easier.
What features do you look for when choosing your security system?
My dog, Frida, ate my Easter candy -__-
I think I'll write a post about her.
i need to stop watching cheesy chick flilcks, or my brother will keep hitting me :l
Idiot. :O Idk.. i kinda liked her then..You stupid. I'm sure it does -.-
Starting our listening of WAR OF THE WORLDS. Tickled by the set up: Raymond Rockello and his Orchestra.
Pumped for these games already.
Nice first pitch tonight for #SFGiants. I think you missed your calling. It's not too late to go back...
New resident evil game?!
Vinny Please Please Please Follow Me
I just got off the phone with Knicks Legend Dick Barnett. I love my job. Let's Go Knicks!!!
and have me working my hindparts off this week getting this music stuff done. Love it!!!
leading The Move from Media Sales to Marketing Services in Ziegfield in five minutes!
Why do I have more followers than my band? Cmon guys! Follow
I gotta pea D:
I won't be at the conference, but may be around Tuesday night. How long are you in town?
has 10X the followers as He converses, responds, tells jokes.
merry christmas guise.
dickheadd, you got them little ass spaghetti strings on your head.
You saying it isn't? I guess we were misinformed. RT : I think skateboarding should be a crime.
Absolutely. Would love to. What time?
Seasonal Allergies: Or, Tree-Sperm Makes Me a Snot-Goblin
The art of writing is to explain the complications of the human soul with the simplicity that can be universally understood-Allan...
“: - I wonder, from a celebs point of view, How does some PRO GHERMIN' feel?? ”.keep it goin!!
That awkward moment while reading a student's essay when you realize they have taken your ideas and run past you with them. :~))
Some prices are just too high, no matter how much you may want the prize. - Lois McMaster Bujold
It's all about you 2010 plan to win....
Got our pork pizza eat on 11 & Park, Columbia Hghts- 1 pancetta & 1 pepperoni - mm good, spicy, with just the right amt of grease
“: Yes. Yes, I am seriously considering seeing The Muppets on the day it opens.” naturally!
Hey UofL, the only other places in 2011 other than you that charge convenience fees for using credit cards are gentlemen's clubs. #c'mon man
the big show is in town.
That one family member that you can't stand!
Everything is purple.
oh my gosh... two accepted writings in one week! hooray!
#WorldBank speaker: #SouthAsia has lowest ppl-to-ppl interaction, most trade restrictions, no regional energy agreements.
why are ugly guys dicks to hot girls? idu
RT A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions
you have still more to go.
If you live in NYC or know any drawing bands from NYC, we NEED YOUR HELP!! Need cool bands to help draw in mid Dec, post links in comments
trying to make it work but man these times are hard but we're gonna start by drinking old cheap bottles of wine sit talking up all night
Yes it is “: this monday's going to suck, js”
This rain only makes me sleepier!! Lol
If you see the President, tell him I said hi!
Wow-3 years of cuts to substance abuse budgets, Illinois IDHS now putting out to bid part of our regular contract for the first time. Nice.
THE RESULTS ARE IN!!!#YOUARENOTTHEFATHER!!!!
Ladies, Lowering your standards will get you a date. Raising your standards will get you a husband.
Check out www.appointmentlink.com and tell us what you think!
GeraldineCS: rising to star status in the UK whilst the rest of us were at #sla2010. Awsome. Well done you :o)
yes! Music and one tree hill...watching out now actually
Aww, I'm so glad. He'll never have some hall of fame bat but Chicago adored him because he always busted his ass.....
worst prank of my life today! never tumbling again!
Once again….Melo is not losing this one.
Don't miss this session! Come now if you are not here!
You almost made me cry too!
Smut cave has to be the funniest YouTube show ever. Fact.
you welcome love :)
what can i say ?
Well that just sucks. Now I watch NHL Playoffs rooting for biz interests - CAPS, SENS & KINGS
is obviously a Time Lord. How else do you explain the two hearts?
Teena Marie :) R.I.P
Are you ready for some line dancing? Don't forget this Saturday we are teaching all the dances you want to learn at 6pm!
Heading to day 3 of VIP Exclusive Run in Vegas.
John, having Jill as your bitch isn't doing it "right"
Thanks you too!!!
If you aren't watching you're truly missing out
also HIGHLY recommend taking the ferry to Isle of Lewis to see the Calanais standing stones!
Today marks the 96 year anniversary of the Easter Rising. Yeats: "Not night, but death./Was it needless death after all?" (Easter, 1916)
a gay alligator off the simpsons
Wow ESPN just broke the news: RIP AJ Burnett. Oh wait, that was something about RHP AJ Burnett. Nevermind.
I DO TOO!!!!! I miss you. Legit can't wait til summer. What are you doing?! Text me!
I can't thank Farm Sanctuary enough, for all you do. The work is amazing and the sea change is coming! My best, Barbara
H4 is mysterious to me. I don't understand how it works as compared to other clocks. Such a small size; truly amazing.
wow If I ever dated you lmao you'd be driving all the time
And the purpose of leadership is to accomplish a task
Welcome as a Bar Tweet Bar Reviewer for !
. 30 US states now, deny individual rights to Americans lives, liberty, & their happiness Is that ok w U?
It should be illegal to be this tired. Hitting the sack, and I'm not talking about masterbation.
So now the football&basketball jobs are open Used2b 1 of the best jobs in the state&SE, not anymore from what I have heard
Looking At Locations For A Summer Getaway For Me & The Girls... #Maui? #Cabo? #Paris?
Don't sleep on M. Branch now!!! Lol
Ok one more day in the fight for my life with this cancer after affect, I got this
Thank you, Authentication Error, for allowing 43 emails to pile up in my gmail account.
just wanna go outside
You said it, I didn't...even though I may agree that such a thing is open to debate.
#Indians Casey Kotchman with a sweet piece of hitting to extend rally w 1st & 3rd, one out. Aceves in relief for #RedSox in Top 9.
thanks for the welcome, we're looking forward to it!
And it begins! #Tiger tees off on #1 and it's "PERFECT" The world's greatest golfer ever has to close this one!
Fluorescent Adolescent - Arctic Monkeys :)
how long will it take for me to get my order?
stuck in Cali.
yes! We do! Tons of new shows! You?
Livetweeting tonight's Ladyfriend show. This is the part in the set where I don't play anything.
haha taught me how>>
Are you hearing something?
That's what you get Suh you piece of shit. THAT is why the Detroit Lions are not at all on the same level as the Green Bay Packers.
The pass protection was league average before Cutler's injury. Look at the numbers. Watch the tape.
Jessica Simpson has already taught her baby everything she know....
Drogb on for #Chelsea!
does Socrates have another name or something is he in this book?
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>roots baby
I like the thought of Quinton Coples joining or D #Peppers.....same school equals Mentorship
No, but I am considering adopting a 20 year old Asian baby
All Eight teams in the East will have a winning record...Great to see for a change #GoKnicks...Better seed than last lockout
oriental people are so yellow-bellied
that was me!!!! Lol
Prefinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 5" in-stock ready to upgrade your home or office.
Oh, I know what you mean about The Crucible. I love Lewis and Allen and that film.
Hi Deanna! Thank you for following and for sharing your experiences and expertise. Best wishes.
I actually couldn't make this one either. I'll add you to the list - DM me your email address. Next event won't be until April.
Wow! A mysterious stranger with a fake email donated £1 to my crowd-funding campaign. And I know who it is. Well played! XO
Of course! Let me know!! Xoxox
No chance Lewis is like the 2nd or 3rd highest paid player in Basketball. Johnson is way better then Lewis.
Clowns are scary.
Is this a joke? Im choking.
Loves when Mr. Anthony won't round my %89.62.
Hoot Suite working again?
Have you and Brian Eno always had the same birthday?
who knows if you feel the same .?
#dontgetmestarted On how the google search set up is just not visually appealing, you should check out www.tomorrowbook.com
come be a part of the family of The Big Blue Nation<U+E42A><U+E42A>
Facebook isn't what it used to be
New sticker design and another new design being worked on and finished by our design team!
I can salsa dance better than Victor Cruz
Finally home after long week filming 'For All That We Are'. Great crew and cast. Lots of laughs on set.
How about some pics of your set up tonight?
Wonder why Georgia Tech not on Big10 radar. Good school & athletics; growing Charlanta region attractive w/ TX out of play.
thanks! i'm making a weird face, as usual. :) fun times, now to start planning what I will be next year. Ideas?
Favorite quote from #seis752 debriefing: "It is going to take me 6 months to recover from this class"
They are live streaming. Look for the link on the website.
We're documenting the process to help make future events super productive.
Yeah...the grape LOBBY! (Actually I LOVE grapes, I don't know why I'm complaining).
Probably a good bet. I usually hit them up at a farmers market.
Waa-Hoo -- Mike Brown Solo Improv Extravaganza will perform in Unscripted New York! So psyched! Follow - if U B cool!
Hey, I've been meaning to ask, did I tell you about my novel?
oh pish...you're so un-american
Thank you Aoki. Braun is going deep now
Thank you Tim for following us!
Glad you could make it!
Sip SIP
I dreamed I was in LA. When I woke up I thought, "Oh sweet, time change -- I get to sleep more." I almost reset my alarms.
Life is a succession of moments and to live each, would be to succeed.
What a great jog in #Coronado w/my BFF. We're so blessed here in #SanDiego! The #weather is always so amazing!!
sickest guy he's going to u of I
Add me on PS3 KweezyD94
Our biggest event of the yr is this weekend! Raymond James Stutz Artists Open House. Pls help spread the word with #stutzartists hashtag
I'm exhausted
Im really into taylor swift songs right now . >
Nope, all-day meeting of state sports editor. will be there today and on Thursday.
The car next to me playing Mike Jones
I know! Finally! I hope we get to see each other again soon!
That's awesome! The Parking Gods are on your side ;)
Is it inappropriate to lay out while there are old guys here working on our house? What about naked?
Looking for an affordable and organized accountant for the company. Anyone have a suggestion? Thank you!
M all that sounds good!
All Around The World x Mac Miller #BestDayEver #MostDope !!!
If anyone would like to review our EP "Looking For More Sense In This", please let us know! =)
why do some buses have AC and others don't?
Remember that it is far better to follow well than to lead indifferently
hey! How are you?
I see dead Bon Jovi's.
F-r-e-e Daily shots showcasing of #HOT ToriBlack
when i did the freestyle battle in tacoma
kaii.. Anything exciting happened at school..?
After 10 mins with BN's nook customer support, I now have A Dance with Dragons. The hardcover should get here later today.
its telling me to get a new computer battery. DAMN IT KARO.
picked perfect produce: Peppers, pickles, potatoes, pies, pumpkins presently at the Pavilion! :)
When I was little I would dance to this song. Lmfao. *I know you want me -pitbull
Tonight we rock John Cowley and Sons in Farmington at 9:30. Bring your best 'your mama' joke.
yeah I agree that Yossi is being given more abuse than he deserves, although I'm still rather disappointed he made that tweet
Awesome brother
beauty has its price! :)
same here
A beer with to talk about #historyontap!
hahaha don't worry I haven't forgotten!
ugh -.0 im so bored i need more ice cream
want 2 be your Valentine
Ms. Sarah is working the bar so good with cucumber mojitos!!
thks, i follow ur tweets on my Mavs list. i know, wish we could hang out again, i'm glad you're still tweetin, you're my mentor.
So sad to hear about! Used to love going across. RT : 40 bodies were dumped on the street in Mexico..theyre ruthless there
thanks July!
As new elections for mayor are approaching, Brazilian congressmen will tweet later this year then will tweet again in 2014 (pres. elections)
can't cover to save his life.
Not if you shank first. (But seriously use your best judgment. I usually feel safe on trains, I take buses less.)
y were u mean to me yesterday
Good morning :)
yeah man!! It came out dope, good looks
trust me I won't(:
yo lakers came out to play tonight!!
You're not about that life
Meeting with to help with social media this afternoon! Stay tuned for some cool stuff with the !! RT
TMobile I'm leaving you! IPhone.... My BB crashed.. Everybody txt me I lost all my contacts..
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack of strength, or lack of knowledge, but lack of will. <U+0096>Vincent T. Lombardi
awe really? I though I was well sorry if I was creeping you out haha
RT : FILL IN THE BLANKS! Right now my finger smells like Newport lol
Awesome! I am trying to find research on student outcomes who do this type of thing, but not seeing much.
I hate asking ppl for shit! Absolutely hate it!
How about a lower rate.... but much larger base to tax from? Along with closing loopholes for people to wiggle out of taxes!
#FF YOUR MOM
Oh that makes sense! Didn't realize that since it's blacked out in chi. RT : cuz it's on ESPN.
ZZ Ward is off the chain!!
God not only sees where you are but also where you can be. Get ready!
RT Get FREE BEAT! The KING'S Glory!!!! (Certified Street Banger) in exchange for 1 tweet bit.ly/6sCRrE
hell yea lol. I aint think he mattered this much
She'll never know how hard it is to not get to talk to her.
Thank you for coming! RT : a huge thank you from the Howell family for a great day at Lauren's Run!
thanks dude!! :)
like a man dick?
#smsk on 6/9... I expect epic stories of beach banging w/ pictures tooken.
I've seen your tweets. where I live, that's called hating.
Stickin my finger in yo pussy hole, then I take my finger out yo pussy hole. Smell da pussy, taste da pussy
So far, today has been the most productive day of the year!
this taps into my biggest fear! My only complaint is that there isn't enough room for my stuff too
If you could manage Facebook/Twitter for one person from history who would you pick?
they were his backup goons on standby lol
Step up and lead the world to stop Kony's crimes this year
Today's gift card winner is Chelsey O'Neil. Congratulations!
RT : Ibaka is being so disrespectful early
all day and love to live laugh and love
Your pics are genius but please stop, I'm dying of laughter!
Still tired smh
look forward to applying, great program.
: Mainstream media not covering all interesting angles, stories. Have to turn to twitter.
Friday. Much work accomplished. Much loss; a friend died. Much to think about. Much to let go.
People act like they get <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D> when the team wins...y'all not full time staff, employee, player, coach etc...calm down.
For Mother's Day this year I'm gonna give my mom what she's always wanted. For me to leave her the fuck alone.
Just went to a Macy's casting now on my way to a go-see at seventeen magazine :D
I think 6:30 would give us time to eat & get to the theater
Running socks? When are you going to come out and run with me?
Getting restless? need to see some dance? are you free Thursday night? Come see SPADE in Betts theater in Marvin Center :30pm!!!
my 2 year old nephew just rang bell 33 times. He must of sensed Hamilton crushing ball for number 18.
Thanks for the mention- have a great week!
Yum! What a delicious looking "Margarita". I like the umbrella, but even with just the lime garnish, they look great.
Thanks so much. We just listened to the podcast. We are so glad you guys loved the show! We'd love to have Amy at the show.
Don't Tell Me You Love Me </3
please settle a dispute: Did your black widow die or did you let it free in the back alley? (Cc )
Rondo you so fast!!!
show us the taxes
I'm currently watching it subbed on Hulu. Had it on-hold for a few years at 1/26 episodes though. :|
JUSTIN DREW BIEBER MALETTE follow me please 1...
Anybody else in ZIJA? This stuff is amazing!
Get to in Wichita Falls! UABB is on next then Confide, OM&M, IFAF, and WCAR! Starting to get packed in here!
Being in love with someone is hard, trying to move on when you find out they don't love you back is even harder.
ok thanks :) I've been wanting some moe's for a while :)!!
Live, laugh, love… drink Tampico! :)
Thanks very much!
i'm your biggest fan in LA....i hope you notice me on twitter one day -__-
#2012c19 Stancliff's paper is knocking me out. Flat affect and indifference are the emotional tone of the new racism.
I like listening to Luther Vandross every now and again and LOL when I watch Everybody Loves Raymond.
txt me my iPod is spazzing out
Happy Birthday!!! Have a wonderful day!
longest and best full name ever.
No, just my observation. I always put Rod quotes in " "
I don't like breakdowns seeking middle-aged women (35-45); elderly women being considered over 45. I have only just begun to age.
i will watch #TVD tonight and i WILL like it! lol;) yeh its true.
Who is motivated to use ORCID IDs? Universities, funders, publishers. Researchers themselves -- maybe not so much.
I really hate baby talk written its like trying to Read Jim's Character from Huck Finn. So, please write it out.
I think we've been snarky with each other, but you're right, no name calling. At least, not intentionally?
it may take a bunch of tries, like they say when introducing new baby foods, (12 tries) but goal is to get her used to idea
Not today due to work, but all day tmrw & Weds presentation. See u in the AM!
Obvs the guy has no respect for teabags. ;)
Conflicting information is NOT contradictory.
watching the highlights online, that Sergio Ramos penalty was RIDICULOUS
no Ole North stealing gold from 9/11 for Bush and having it stolen.....check it....
I am starving now. Dammit.
RT : “ No one makes a lock without a key. That's why God won't give you problems without solutions...”
Taking my oldest to see hunger games.
Pshhh if it's Golds downtown, I'll see ya there then
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: Seriously, guys I was just about to tweet the YDSWI when a butterfly land on my hoodie!!!! FOR REALS
must be on if your tweeting
Andy boy I love him
When Rick Ross Says "Bitch you wasn't shooting with me in the gym!" Nigga, you wasn't with yourself shooting in the gym
lol Thanks bro! How are your gains? Looking a little small heh? Jk :p I'll try not to smoke so muc
Linseed oil, the most popular of all oils for painting, comes from the flax seed a common fiber crop.
just decided to take the day off of being green and demolished the tree in the front yard
Trying to sleep in.. But the stupid time change from Indiana has made me so hungry an hour early
Cool! Glad to help!
Appointment tomorrow morning
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
working on it! we love your archive!
*IMPORTANT* Our concert tomorrow has been CANCELED by enterteenment. we are very sorry on behalf of GNO, but it's out of our control.
Thank you Luis, for sharing your art with us. We are grateful and inspired! Travel safe!
Must work hard everyday. Success must be earned.
I always get really emotional during the draft. I mean how cool is it that these guys are about to make their dreams come true?! So cool
Why does it seem like every security guard in the world is fat as shit and mad at the world for it?
It's not quite polar bear weather. :/
but yes pretty bad otherwise
My brother can be annoying but I still love him!RT this if your sibling can be annoying but you still love them!!!!!!!!!!!!!
: If you were a cookie, what would be in it? Ying&yang chocolate. White inside. M
seriously, anyone have a dark lord ticket for me? Just ONE
Come out and play Unlimited Golf + 40 Tokens for the arcade for only $12.00! Every Tuesday & Thursday!
Wow only one child in the house tonight -- seems so odd and WAY too quiet!
muh fuggas fucked up my music day, im al outta sorts now. damn wow. one call thats all huh david gruber? one call to fuck shit up
it is a great book! What would you use to include non-whites in the story of America?
Someone asks you "how are you," in passing, I bet if you said I need someone to talk to, they would listen. "Nobody really wants to listen."
"I've found the greatest love of all inside of me." ~WHITNEY HOUSTON May you celebrate today & everyday w/ love for yourself 1st & foremost!
engaged!? Where have I been at!? Wedding colors!? Six of them!?!?
Diablo Edge Forged Irons
Is Tony Siragusa being paid by the word today?
HAVE A GREAT DAY your the best i love you and the Philippians love you YOUR SO AWESOME XD
Wanna like MEN, but that article in which Samson whined about not having money and wearing $300 pair of jeans soured me.
here you go!! they look so cute!
I don't understand how dudes can be dead beat daddy's smh. I love my lil girl so much!
I do like the poster :-)
no mistakes bt fuk it tell ur bitch to let me blast first cz i jst want the bitch in a-vid like diva backwards
thanks for the mention! Paducah is a wonderful city!
I can't remember the last time I closed a bar...
I smell gross fried food...must be back in the States.
First and foremost, blows my mind. She looks phenomenal! And not just for her age but for any age!
"snuck a puck"
¤ Ridicule is the first and last argument of fools. Charles Simmons
I know! Only the blah "retweet"...
(this is almost certain to end in tears)
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever. -Chinese Proverb -- Positive Input ()
Sometimes I Blog away! ROCK it out in Dubai my talented friend :-)
“: It feels good to know you don't have to take any of your semester test! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>”
Valentine’s Day is just a couple weeks away! Surprise your special someone with a couple’s massage!
FIGJAM? Why do you hate Phil Mickelson? I don't get it.
I'm in! RT : Let's party like it's Cinco de Mayo!
What a catch
Buckhead has a significant problem if traffic is so bad it takes 30 minutes to get to work. I live 1 mile from work.
"I was flirting with this girl and didn't want to stop, so I just pissed my pants." - a thing some guy just said outside
We want to know... What do you love about NY?
sure followed
Thankful for all the wonderful comments & likes this morning. I'll be releasing more soon, thanks for keeping in touch. xo
thanks for the RT Jodi! cheers
When I update iptables rules I should save them so I don't have to spend 15 minutes trying to troubleshoot connectivity after reboot.
Cloudy day in SoFlo...hoping the sun comes out soon!
Come out to Abbey Underground tonight for #ETO showcase at feat.
There's a new event page for the OKC Battle of the Bands FINALS!! so check it out and buy some tickets from us.
hell yeah man! These gas prices are killin' em!
At 24 Messi has broken Gerd Müller's all time European scoring record with a hattrick. 3 clear of Ronaldo in the race for Pichichi.
Yes, I’ve noticed the ever-shrinking coffee cup. And I refuse to use the Orwellian term “tall” for a Starbucks small coffee.
no worries it's good I wish you were closer then we could do some work together I never been but my Nana was from Spain too
10 yrs of Movers & Shakers, and I am ever more inspired by them all
Game 7, Thursday. Props to Clemmensen on stopping an absurd amount of shots.
A Hip Hop Legend is in the ATL! He's illmatic
Thanks Liz!
Matt, he'd be a great writer on the website. His uses of then for than are classic in bitter tweets.
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
Beijing, Hong Kong, Singapore, Jakarta - only half way done. Can't wait for Friday in Coronado!
Origins of Ozomatli: What do you do w/ a set of turntables, a tabla, and a guy who knows a bunch of Mexican folk songs?
@ Dunkin Donuts on N Druid Hills Road. Stop by and see us if you are in the area. Here til 9, then off to a secret mtg location.
today's action may be tommorrow's habit
Im so tired!
Good luck 2 my sagu girls today!
Dine #alfresco & enjoy the gorgeous weather on our outdoor patio! Get classics like Roasted Chicken Vesuvio w/ parmesan crusted red potatoes
No.. apparently I've been hacked. Damn Twitter.
Looking forward to you joining us! RT : Excited for tomorrow!
thanks for the follow hope to catch you in Cleveland in a couple weeks at nighttown
Kudos to for using star power to talk about how messed up this society is when it comes to being superficial & obsessed w looks!
#kids dropped off at school now time for
such a blast today watching all the dancers today! First time at starsystems was awesome! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Always new content on Reddit: the goal. Also wanted to be as dense as possible to provide a wide array of links.
used to love FF7 Resident Evil 2. Those were the days. The game Medieval was always a guilty pleasure
I would respond to this, but I'm too busy following your plan.
Come on, tell us your fav (and least fav) albums of 2010! Today, we'll randomly select a few followers to win ITunes cards for their replies
great week....met awesone individuals at #RWU during the #RI public service #conference where I was an #international panelist
It's about to go down
Show for Benefit Of Equines
Text PLAZA to 85944 and give a $10 donation on your phone bill! Data rates may apply. Endorsed by MGF.
Only reason I'm coming to spanish this week is for the free food
Jimmy Iovine is with UMG, they own Interscope Records RT : does this means that jessica will be part of umg?
SOUNDS GOOD!
this is big. Thanks for the follow.
Have the urge to play U2's "Beautiful Day" and drive with the windows rolled down. Can't believe it's January!
Thank you NEW & CONTINUOUS FOLLOWERS!! Do appreciate the support. ;)
thanks for following us!
You better buy them when everyone hates them. Run on Greece, JP Morgan Casino Trade,Volker Rule,FDIC, Barney Frank hates em
i'm giving away free #karma for the next 30 minutes!
Interesting. Pete Drake was a legend. Again, quality vid for a 1/2 day!
I believe my response would be "Where do I sign?"
@ thx! I'd love to talk to Just used to find dinner in Berlin! Unfortunately, I leave early tomorrow. Will have to email
At the critical point of my Friday where I need a coffee or an adult beverage. I'm at the office, so probably the latter.
: My glow in the dark stars keep falling off my ceiling. #90sgirlproblems". Fell off the ceiling of my car too.
nice to see you in this universe!
your commentary is penetrating.
yeah new faces are cool, but that's if they ever come in! It's like a ghost town over here.
*Used to* watch too much VH1. Actually, I experienced all those first hand on the radio!
damn them young card fans!
1 more tweet to 2000 tweets! #OMG I'm so proud of myself! I really am!!!
shot I made my dog lick my palm
Reat babyshower Nadine and Jonathan! Love my friends and they expending :)
woke up with #noshit stuck in my head.
Just walked by the mens fragrance counter and spotted a Cologne called "sexual fresh" ?! So weirded out!!
Just a young hood nigga, streets raaaisseedd me!
Have a problem or concern about something happening on campus? Let me know and I'll bring it up! New host for PLATFORUM 'USC Issues'.
Hillarious RT "To those saying Tebow will make Sanchez better. Yeah tell your insecure girlfriend you just hired a hot secretary
fair weather or not they put forth GREAT energy at games. Can't argue that, can you? haha
Termites will eat wood two times faster when listening to heavy metal.
I'm hungry again ...so much for my New Years resolution..it's time to eat!!
Ooohh, Mr. Opinion. Who can that be? Just reading through your old tweets while grading.
For crying out loud, you're in New Orleans...they act like music is banned there or something.
Some of it yes, why? lol
Haha dude what I wouldn't give to go back there and toke on some skooma.
Jo-Im a huge fan. Your book was awesome! I will be writing a blog entry on you in the near future! <3 Rachel
I'm not all about that...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> jk, do it to end your senior year. Ill do it with you!
Sometimes it’s the little distractions that can provide the solutions to problems we overly focus on.
#expowest about one months and counting! Who else will be there?
Thanks for the RT, Miss Rosoff!
Some small hail possible in Jackson soon!
I retweeted this comment and then retracted it. I am utterly embarrassed, but I decided not to use your...colorful language!
It's back to the grind in NYC. NFL Draft will be here in no time!
safe travels! :0)
Can you share it?
i dont at all.
I'll be waiting with everything I own!
drink tea and take a hot bath, that what i do when i am
Just submitted a talk proposal for I feel like I'm cheating on
Ladies nite Thursday's Mia Ultra Lounge , w/ music by DJ Vertigo and Thaddeus DeejayKnowledge going out wih the girl tomorrow night
please do not screw this up... Black Ops 2 needs to be more geared towards rewarding good players as to punishing them.
good work young man!!!
I am looking forward to it. The honor is all mine. I think this will be a huge help to many of our young followers.
i know. dinner tonight, lunch tomorrow, another (as yet undetermined) meal, AND i'm making stock from it.
It's supposed to be a French accent.
Happy Saturday everyone...I hope all are well
Adam Dunn is the biggest loser in baseball history. Another 9th inning strike out!!!! GET RID OF HIM!!!
everyone should go to the #emerson tonight at 6:30 and watch #jadedchain and #michaelshelton (:
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT for IOWA!!!
What, no beer?
7 baby moms RT : 0 superbowl rings RT : Can someone post my stats from rookie year till present please....
Nothing's more serious.
makes it seem more like UMKC is like a satellite campus.
Tonight's game marks the first sweep of that team since Jess Settles, Andre Woolridge and the Marlboro Man.
oh yea boy!
I miss me mam and dad and ol green dog....bunch of legends
Maybe editors keep rejecting this story because of the last line: "I sure hope they don't die from having too many fu*king white babies."
Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
Hey, Andrew would be happy to speak to you and work something out - or (212) 593-3278
#loverboi Mistakes make me human. Failure makes me stronger. Love keeps me alive. But its YOU who keeps me smiling.
GIRLS:Be honest with him something wrong? let him know
Congrats! And good luck on the Ph.D. program!
we can still meet for coffee sometime.
we love you Fia.
Quality win for the #Thunder and we have a commanding 3-0 lead. We looked impressive and we are playing with a purpose.
We love it when the cocktails are held to same standards as the food!
We are currently showing everything on your server up and running. Are you still experiencing a connection error? ^CS
no :( I leave tomorrow morning
In #Akron tonight for a 50th anniversary party!
- The SAINT! It's on 800 Lexington - near downtown SA! Hit me up with names and I'll get ya in!
Hay whats up
I completely agree.
jus got off tha phone wit my dad ..he told me i better not have big boxes ..ol lawd lol
i need to get into twitter more often
Yup, it's that last bit of Taurus nonsense before we get to Gemini fun. My Bday is the 24th so get it out of the way NOW.
RT : Best of luck to everyone for the spring venture showcase tonight!
SO OVERDUE to visit you. Just joined meetup to remind me of your Monday night events. I will get there eventually!!!
No consideration for Ladanian Tomlinson for the Chargers?
renters insurance-they were called at 2am - Done...yup
Thanks. We are really excited to be a part of the #vawine community. Cheers!
they should give up water boarding as a torture and just make people call your customer service line.
Also "she's in the crowd tonight, Kobe"
we are from Conifer. Colorado...what part is GE from? Mtns or plains?
Green apple infused vodka new on the drink menu for September!
everything going well with you man?
Thanks. A simple web tablet will satisfy until I can afford an iPad ...
And there's nothing on <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA> gotta go out tonight<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
for a bit then came back. We don't want a tv that was put together in our living room though. Very frustrating
lol yeah it's not as good as Starbucks but its cheaper and lot easier to make than your Tupperware coffee haha
what's your favorite movie?
is it good? re: chocolate covered bacon.
Haters, Stalkers etc.... I wldnt want my man on my Twitter nor wld I want to see his. If you & I dated wld you read my Tweets?
Get,paid
“: Yes!! We'll be the obnoxious kids on the dance floor.” just how I like it!
RT Getting excited for next weekend! Looking forward to kicking it off with !:-)
Kelly Miller MS is seeking judges for their 2nd Annual Science Fair on March 2. For more info, email .
send me the pics from the concert Foo!
Mother's milk and touch best for infant's health: Doctors say two simple interventions - exclusive breastfeeding and maximum skin-to-...
Reading the script of Pulp Fiction. HILARIOUS!!!
that was great TV. If I remember correctly, the car escaped just as we went to the TODAY Show
is my new favorite rambler!
I can understand that! Most of my friends who were using it have done the same.
Don’t worry about the future; or worry, but know that worrying is as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing bubblegum
Hate letting the weight room guys down again. Wedding rehearsal thenpreaching in Ripley!
what does it say about me when i am ousted as the mayor on foursquare of my own house by the kid who feeds my animals when i travel? wah.
DSO this Fri/Sat. I am going Sat. Showbox
Lmao in north olmsted right across the street from great northern mall. Come on! We open at 9pm. Come see the pandemonium ctfu!!
RT Professional courtesy: do you extend it and to what point? (answer then RT, plz) | Is the RT request here a test? :)
Ladies night tonight.
Ohkay pues, but just chill with the cursing. & Look for it on the side of the bed and stuff.
Thank GOD that was a dream. Every woken up like that? I just did.
Thank you! :)
what's the point of pulling download tickets 2 hours before the event? Maybe so you can charge more for people picking them up?
I'm begining to feel sorry for this Karma chick. Everyone keeps calling her a bitch
Headed home to Minn. 2morow afternoon. It's been 2yrs. If it snows it will b a Big 10 travel lockout.
Hell yea i like this!!!RT : fuck nigga please ! you couldn't get a blessing from me if you fuck niggas sneeze !
I have no idea. I didn't ask because I didnt want to cry in public.
HOW IS ROXETTE SO GOOD?
new too and I will aways credit Kimberly for us meeting!
Thanks for helping us break 14K Likes!
Got my pits did this aft. I'm officially a Cali boy.
I rarely sell off any of my stuff... never know when I'll need it. I keep it all mainly for recording.
He has historically written "these types" of things, however is there a line to be crossed?
I have approximately 1.5 hours to get all my morning errands done (nap time for my baby)
Bad Girls Club<3
Had a dream I had a real G convo with Nancy Botwin and I woke up feelin great
"Proud To Be A Jonas Fan"
Homeland is the best thing to happen to cable TV since The Soprano's.
I still don't get it. Sweet Chin Music + Pedigree and a three count but the match continues on?
That's Okay , Because Them Bitches Is Gone Be Stressing Out Over Me && Im Gone Be Laughing .
is Andrew WK coming back to perform secretly? =)
Families of Bulger's alleged victims, as well as his former associates, share their feelings on his arrest. At 5:30 on
Your catalog! (Late reply to earlier tweet.)
U STALKED MY TWITTER
I tried callin you three times straight to vm
They still require immense amounts of energy, which I do not have.
well now youre just fibbing -__-
"Money isn't the most important thing in life, but it's reasonably close to oxygen on the "gotta have it" scale."- Zig Ziglar
Abandoning my EC2 micro instance for RackSpace. Load consistently over 5 with 97% stalled? I've outgrown it.
is talking shit bout you! You are a dirty slut, Your a fuckin Loser, You aint shit, Drop dead!
Thought you'd be flattered. But now I understand that little "tm" next to your name!
Honestly this 'I do I do I do..." song is cranky. Makes me feel confused mentally.
Its cold in my room tonight, which is why I'm so glad I still have my flannel sheets on my bed.
Dave is in six days!
I fucking hate saying sorry. I don't know why. But I fucking hate it.
patron: it is so organized in here me: its our job!
Who's going to a show for 's tour this summer? Hollar at me if you're going to the Chicago show in August, cause I'll be there!
Forever MPD is a multi-purpose product for the laundry, dishes, floor, and even the bathroom! Use it on windows and clothes stains too!
nope, I would say it's very unlikely
Beautiful evening in Minneapolis!! What an incredible city this is!
I'm not feeling the Kelly Osbourne sandwich. Please remove.
": Seriously, how good is Lucroy with runners on?! #Brewers #AllStar" about 50/50!
Good luck tomorrow!
awww! Join the club
I want to retweet that.
Ross Park Mall!
Time movin to fuckin slow for me!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Meryl is wearing a cowboy shirt and a banana clip. What?!
This weather makes me sleepy as fuck
great meeting you in person last night! I'll be sure to hit up the event next week
rolyinc. creative group breaks into the cruising industry, more to follow...stay tuned!
praying for you too!
so when is the madden Superbowl preview coming
And almost certainly better than my usual "punch in the face."
Don't you start again, Lakers.
Having someone you don't know stalk your account ... Kinda creepy
oh god, Shelby found us. Can you see #JakeFricksBigHead all the way from Austin?
Thanks for the RT :)
Some people should not be allowed to speak ever. Nancy Grace is one name that comes to mind.
Need to get Weeks going. Nice to see. Still a ways to go here.
I need more fuel, can't keep the motor running this morning
You got it ~ hilarious!
How are you liking ALIAS GRACE?
Yeah I was totally the girl sashaying down the street in my heels, skirt, sunglasses on and all and tripped on my shoe lololol only me!!!!
you gotta bring some! Lol
At #CirqueDreams being amazed by crazy stunt acrobats. One even flips hundreds of times from a guy's feet! Don't miss it! 412.456.6666
"It is our choices...that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.---J.K. Rowling
I'm sitting next to you!!!!
shout out to for keeping 92.3 popping in the chi
aw...thanks! Yeah I need to come visit some time
#DidYouKnow you can still burn even when it's cloudy outside?
I read an article about him and his wife. They both said they would never use it. Ha!
The State Fair is coming up! Mark your calendars for Sept 16!
Ayo I say that cause I see the other things your into. The lunch lady bit is hilarious. You comedy. You real down to earth!
If you say you ain't ready for a relationship, why do you flirt with other girls like it's nobody's business?
Going to an expo, though it may be in vain, but I've spent my $. At least I'll eat lots of food and meet a lot of happy and excited women!
Trust and Infidelity-Can you ever trust again?
carroll gardens/red hook brooklyn's geography has a striking resemblance to an elephant head...wierd
Man behind me: Miss what size shoe do you wear? Me: 9.5 Man: Nnniiicce. Me: Thanks. *runs away*
.... “: Am I the only one?? who wants to die, be dead for like a day, see how everyone reacts, then come back to life.”
“: New SNL tonight? Anyone know?”. Yes. Charles Barkley hosting.
SO2 my pusslips <3 fuckin gorgeous! She's the nicest girl ever! You gotta get to know the real her <3 follow her!
TikiSweets, do you have ideas? Email us! We'll help bring your FASHION FAIRYTALE to life! Remember, originality is worth more than gold!
If you had blogged this, I'd be the schmuck that commented "first post!"
I am Titanium.....
nice commentary on QJ sir. Almost feels like a lesson!
yay made it to 400 followers lets see if i can make it to 500
No longer walking by myself in Maywood smh. A rapist really??
Varsity jackets
On my way to Vegas!!! :) gonna go watch some soccer and see IMMORTAL tonight !!
One More TIme for
lol he bout you come to school
Just had a great catch up chat with the amazing !
I'm baaaaacckkkk!
I have a Sports Center app specifically for hockey and golf scores. Mainly golf...
Okay!! I give up someone is going to have to do it for me.
agree. An outline for the entire course...!
it's not about you! Haha
whatever Bitch , clearly u ain't about Shit
Excited about my upcoming ibook about my travels in Iceland in 2009 :) 2-4 more weeks and it will be publish!
Clippers missed the chance to come back. Coming back to Los Angeles to close it out on Friday. :)
Everything is possible through God, if we just open ourselves to the possibilities.
Call your Rep to oppose harmful H.R. 4970 & support #VAWA for all woman, regardless of race or status! 202-224-3121
Lost my swipe... Not going out last night but somehow after I was at the library this morning.
I just passed my proposal defense...I am now a doctoral candidate and will conduct my research in Singapore!
Did a retreat at church and for once i feel ashamed to be part of youth team..
classes begin!
The Senate hearing on the #newTLDs program was particularly depressing in tone and content. It was mainly IP lawyers to whining in public.
The truth is they are trying to use the tea party against us, they now want it for themselves, to preserve the neocon agenda. We must evolve
Moss Wanted Crew
be goin in on the beats
Ok Day 1 of P90X2 was tough. Can't wait to see how I progress by Day 90.
i am following too much spam -- fml
I am only on twitterbecause going to make me more $ then any ball player ever did mark my words .
Putting it out there just gives it life.
Ball so hard? More like FALL so hard..That's what happens when Ravens don't fly! Enjoy your offseason Suggs!
WOW 2pac is alive at coachelle. I don't know how I feel about that.
We <3 you too! Hopefully we'll have "Jean" recorded for ya soon!
POTUS was funnier!
follow me PLEASE?:)))
STARTING TODAY the X Class at 4:30pm in conjunction with the 5pm class....and the name is....EVEREST WITH OXYGEN. We dare you.
someone take me to ihop
Thank you!
Never saw Chicago, but love their music.
#RichardWeeks RT : Which #Brewers player will send me down my slide first today!?
Spending quality time w/ horses, sunbathing, watching butterflies & picking 4 leaf clovers. Ah . . . Relaxation.
Look at my background :3
Look like its bout to rain... Wat a shame
What if Malcolm was silent? What if Martin was violent?
You can be as difficult as you want. I'm very persistent.
"The Cove" had the right message but wrong focus and weak call to action. We're going to influence the IWC classify dolphins as protected.
R.I.P. Don Cornelius - Thank you for all the Years of SoooooouuuuuL Train.
well your a mother fucker ;) <3
why doesn't anyone ever say" let's go to that little canadian restaurant!"
what?! That's epic! :D
Booth 818 Is Jumping! Next Theater Presentation Begins at 11: Collection Highlights—New Publishers, Titles & Tips.
she looked just like batman (the dog) only she was a cat lol
:-) you should wear that beanie more now follow me bitch mike lay down
SFPD says they're involved in a chase right now with the man in the night shirt who shot at the speed van.
heyy, thank you for following us. check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband
Watch me hang gliding this morning on Wakeup! It was so much fun!
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
So much happier with a more streamlined twitter list.
One year ago today, I didn't believe Bin Laden was dead until tweeted it. Scoop of the decade so far.
no judgement-- I do stuff like that all the time. I just worry that i'll forget to delete my own snarky commentary!
#OTRC TIna babe your mic is hot and you are live as you chat e producer. Cut feed. Lol.
HEY SPEND $100 ON LIL WAYNE'S TRUKFIT YOU COULD WIN AN AUTOGRAPHED HAT BY LILWAYNE!!!!!!!!
Soaked by the rain. Great day for report cards to come out halfway across the world in a portable.
Hav u tried Psych databases? don't limit urself to edu databases.... cont.
oohh I love it when you serenade me.. *bats eyes*
My best friend got jumped the other day by 3 girls and she was laughing the whole time...
I'm going to catch up in my book finally.
#You know your in da hood when?....
Kevin Nottingham, Big Up! Shout Out ! Shout Out
thanks for the recommendations dudes, checked out Kassab's... it was killer!
What a game and what a series. #NYR lead now 3-2. Joel Ward has to feel awful right now. #Caps facing elimination
thanks Lyn!!! Hope all is well!!
Jam went amazing today! I think i broke my neck though..... -Carson :D
Never underestimate the powers that be, both good and bad. Stay grounded with truth.
SHE DID!! FUCK YOU JASMIN YOU BROKE THE PROMISE <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
all I ever wanted was a million & a badd chick.
promise you that you aint gon never get it good as this girl i know that you want it yo actions just be fronting
Gatorade FTW in New Orleans!
Just because i liked u back then it doesnt mean i like you now just bc i liked u back then it doesnt mean i like u
“Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong.”
dead sea
yea I want to kick her in the throat and throw up on her shoes. Lol you should do an epilogue
LOL! That's awesome.
This thing is breaking down. We almost never speak, I don't feel welcome anymore... <U+2665>¹³
i just had to point that out
That akward moment when your nose itches and you sniff, and your friends' parent makes you blow your nose..
Waiting waiting azzzz.
omg what happened to ur dog?!
how long are you in Seattle for?
as NLP(Stella,Siri) and medical semantics(medLEE) evolve, it hope it is applied to Mobile Medical/Patient Education
Did you know ASPCA senior vice president for National Shelter Outreach designated March as Adopt-a-Rescued-Guinea Pig celebration month?
#AskAlex what's ur hat size?!?
Miss my roomie so much :(
#FF for inspiring me....yeah, social justice etc., but I also just really like you.
he is i love his deep voice lols Weird
We're coming to Portlnd in June & I have already recused myself from dirtbag plans for Piranha 3D.
P.S. Really wished the post office opened at 7AM - would make my morning much easier.
I want a sexy new guy friend.
I'm totally serious! I just text them to mk sure I'm not talking outta my ass & missed something LOL
Disappointing result for Timbers as they fall to Real Salt Lake on stoppage time goal
I should of down right slapped the white off him. Disrespectful fuck.
Follow Mistakes Were Made from Nashville, TN. We are working on our 1st album and will be posting updates frequently with twitter!
Cuz I belong to the city. I belong to the night. Living in a river of darkness beneath the neon light
Cousin goes to UL, grew up a UK fan and now pulls for both. I told her earlier this week to get off the fence and pick a side!
lol. I have nearly all his albums. Have a cd of hank sr's first time on the grand ole oprey.
thanks dude. :)
Grt meeting you last night! Come back more often and feed Miami w that NewOlean soul! RT Miami is def 1 of my favorite cities!
Thanks! We can't take credit though. That is all Interface Journal's work. We're just highlighting it.
Who is the Voice 2 question anyone?! They should be charged has coconspirators to every case that they can be linked 2
your so lucky justin tweeted you!:)
congrats man!
yeah, yeah yeah!!! “: Cute Sheldon has been adopted!! Baroooooo!”
gov could be easy in a way
Thanks also for the follow, have a wonderful day!
I will tomorrowww.. it's past my bedtime.
Here's a shoutout to fellow bands that rep our hometown of Tucson!
hahaha not me sir. I'll prob ride today though
RT : just received an e-mail from inviting me to an event in 2009. Do all history leaders have a time-machine?!?!?!?!
who's cole?
Will definitely be a great day for all joining #IntDesignerChat this evening! Be there...6 pm ET
CONGRATULATIONS !!!!! we love you <3
#IThankGod for the salvation given to us through
Don't forget about our other forms of responsible transportation if FREE and takes you all over downtown Baltimore!
learn from our mistakes bro...keep your head up!
the windshield said "hiya" to a LOT of moths in Colorado. Better get the rebreeding program started again.
Credit where due. Nice goal.
Lisa, I was w Jay Esser and Mel Davis last night & Mel was singing your praises (everyone does)
glad I'm not the only one who did a double-take at that figure...
This video won many international awards. It demonstrates why Mexico is in MY senses/ Este video que gano numerous premios explica porque...
totally agree! they need 2 give the other crews a chance!!
Thnx for following. WE hope you have a productive future.
is sleepless in Chicago!!! Second night in a row.
Can we just lay in bed, under the covers and watch a movie?
So far we're undecided about the Might possibly have a joint representative with at the conference.
you playing football this year
That teacher is ms Amy trenkle, and a very satisfied parent told me about her supper club program. so awesome. Experiencing teacher jealousy
Brought our Kitty to West Hollywood Park-met a DP who told us about a cat actor place-maybe Sinclair will become a star :) He is a cutie
1000's of vacant homes across America equal millions of jobs with $0.00 cost to taxpayers. Investors and homebuyers can create this
Flores pokes fun at Trek bicycles and sending jobs overseas. He says he learns best by doing.
Guys that are WAY into themselves is annoying af. Nigga that shit aint cute.
hey ? im bored did u see the vicmas ?
Lookin' forward to a night of sassy remarks and judgmental calls during #TheBachelorette with
My version of that dream is set on the 3rd day of the month when the AWS bill arrives.
you didn't go to school?
Downside is you gotta pay for it. :)
I'll slow it down dramatically next time. :)
Preach. My google skills amaze me sometimes.
You know what my brain just did ? It opened up a dictionary for me
RT : Only girls who'd rather stay home and watch a movie with their man rather than going out to the club can retweet this one...
Danica Patrick is guaranteed a starting spot in the Daytona 500 and will keep her No. 10 GoDaddy car on for most of the Sprint Cup schedule.
me too. Polivia at its finest.
You watching #adventuresinbabysitting?
"Three things never return: the arrow launched, the word pronounced, and the lost of opportunity"
just found the guy who matched 5 numbers in last night's Mega Millions.. he's next on News8
Thank you to everyone on the live call tonight!
We are booking up fast! Need a pet sitter for the Holidays? Book your free in home consultation today! Don't wait till the last minute!
Ah the things I do to fool my friends!!
No, I meant during the day. I have a breakfast & lunch in Phoenix.
Happy Halloween, get your treats today till 6PM 20 % off all items. Open on Sunday till 5PM at 203 B Wellesley Dr SE Heart of Nob Hill
I got my foot on dey neck bout to apply the pressure. Ha ha!!
no sleep for u 2night
no offense, but you're really starting to annoy me..
I'm teaching a course in higher education policy - give me your essential texts/papers, etc.
muro is the jam I been drawing up a storm on deviantart
ah I hope. Albuquerque is so fucking boring I miss Vegas ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
When you can't stop sampling the ice cream..
MT : on tonight! DC this Friday at Is #mmabduction too much to hope for?
Looking forward to playing with Mambo Blue (latin jazz), Friday, Bar from 5-7 for free!
Wakin niggas up in the mornin like coffee, saucy
Did you know you're supposed to taste the rainbow not wear it!
I want to hear something!!!!!!
Prince just hit 5 home runs in 5 swings to advance to the second round of the Home Run Derby.
ooh my bad
#middleclassfilms Battle of Accounts: LOC vs Checking
Waiting to pick up Becky from her church......then friendship time at ma fischers!
Happy Earth Day
that's not cool. Hope you pass it in your sleep...so you don't know May all your stones be tiny.
I don't know what's harder...Four Children, a house and traveling hubby or starting a business from the ground up?
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like bananas.
Can't wait for Wednesday!! #lastfinal can't wait to start my summer!!!!
I was added as an admin to a Facebook page, but it's not showing up in my account. Is there a limit to the # of pages you can admin??
Google Ahmad Rashad's wife Sale Johnson
smirk = horny
Also, the hand lotion in the bathroom at work smells like Krispy Kremes.
Sell on your merits. Not on their faults.
FIRST 20 TO FOLLOW GETS A SHOUTOUT!!
Take a big deep breath. Breath in as big as you can and sigh it all out... AH.
I know! I'm so glad you came to stay with my Mom and I :) have a good rest of your Spring Break :)
A Nebbiolo valentine :-) That was perfect,
never done it. I'm alive, so you're probably going to die.
uh oh what happened la chica?
I know that is right
Chcek out this blog post by on the events of the REAL NZ festival. Includes our Oranges at Halftime exhibition, + much more!
Wat I found out today O.O
I think Facebook should update its relationship status options to include "unrequited love". I'd never have to change my status. Ever.
Totally humbled by the people of an amazing program that is uncovering real talent locked up in the US.
I have never had a phone as long as this that I have not dropped it on it's face and cracked it...Go me..
Today's production meeting went well. Topics discussed: TV, Juggalos and Non-denominational church. Still need contacts from the local media
No excuse is good enough for you not to take care of your health. Start taking a “no-ifs,-ands,-or-buts-about-it” attitude toward fitness.
Destroying in some hoops!
We are about to announce a new promotion! We will be giving out a $50 and $25 gift certificate to the winner, check back soon!
I have just about enough of quote, "Diamonds in the rough."
FRIDAY Filthy Fifty for Balad Crossfit crowd today!
Never eat empty tacos!
Smiling is all I ever do when I think of you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
I face that dilemma often myself.
its Kryle's turn, and everyone knows it.
mi fa male il dente :(
And every cowboy sings a sad sad song
Why ask a stupid question, & get mad when you get a smart answer?
sorry Kirk we forgot to mention you in the mention with
girls field
Getting a spoon and eating #Nutella by the jar!(:
Agree!! RT : A7 Anything stagnant is exceptionally vulnerable.
I'm especially piqued at the "if it's low-paying, don't apply!" guy.
#ImThatPersonWho Is Usually NEVER listening . I tune out like 96% of the time . >.<
Woke up in a panic, man.
do you think u can take Me to the train on Friday
Let's go #Cowboys!!
Nashville Crew Heads Out Dyersburg, TN For Tru TV
Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized
I'm following you :)
Make sure you tweet peeps check out my imdb page you can see my demo reel thank you all.
NOW HOLD UP THERE ! What is this perk you speak of??? I tweet my nails all the time!!! I must qualify!
Now following
Long car ride home, but it's worth it! Amazing weekend with the family wish it didn't end so quickly, till we meet again.. Vegas :)
Girl please, your two faced, so hard to decide what face to slap first (y)
best writing music -
good luck at Keeneland this Saturday. That's the Fenway Park of horse tracks. Still pissed they switched to Polytrack, though
What are some #SEO fibs > facts?
thanks for the follow! Stoked for your tweets - diggin' your other handles!
LOVE YOU MORE
Californian and Latino people in the United States must have their own global literary phenomenon.
Nice try Jason Hammel, wish it would have happened for you.
This better be a good day...starting w/ my Motown/Golden Oldies playlist. Happy hump day y'all
That annoying moment when Blaine tries to stick his finger in my ear!
What's your favorite Drake song? (:
Just recovering from sat hangover #smh sucks ciroc and henn don't mix!
I'm also a natural writer & was always frustrated in school when I had to work w/ someone who just COULDN'T do it.
hahaha I'd also be scared!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> the priest is gonna be like this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> lmao! Jk
It's cold today in #Iowa. Make sure kids are bundled up and warm if going outside!
thanks for stopping by the store yesterday Dave and Troy!! Black Friday
im pretyy good just a lil down my best frend gage isnt gonna b gay an i wanted him 2 b my bf but iz ok tho ill b ok
I going to throw up
Whatcha doing on Fat Tuesday? Wanna see Of Dolls & Murder before you get all crazy? Go to Mesa, AZ to the LoFi Coffee on Main Street.
Who DOESN'T love Toad the Wet Sprocket?
Mum&#39;s diet can stop child allergies
trying to figure some shit out!! money here I come
Let's follow the COPS back home and rob their houses.
call him that
now someone is playing the good stuff!
me too. Thanks LaVita
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your followers are tweeting about you while sitting in the same room as you
Camping was amazing with <U+2764><U+2764>
He's just chopping away
You know I'd fall apart without you I don't know how you do what you do 'Cause everything that don't make sense about me ..
Truth is like an eraser It gets smaller after every mistake.
": relax and stop tryin so hard let it come natural ..."
did u call ur mum??
I am wondering what adventures 2008 will bring.
prep the caffeine and fast digesting carbs!
Thanks to all who participated in the Friday Special! Stay tuned for next week's specials!! Requests?
where/when do you want to meet up on Friday?
How was #MrSunshine? Was it #Studio60 Perry,#FoolsRushIn Perry, #Friends Perry, or #AlmostHeroes Perry?
dang girl you lookin' too cute in your new icon ;)
I made it to Amarillo, TX! Next, off towards Lubbock!
did you start having gases from all that beano? it will cause you to fart and blurb!
Game three is over with a final score of 4 for the Rush and 1 for the Mavericks. That's three losses in a best of 7 series :-(
Tip: Don’t leave tools and lawn equipment in your yard, store them in a locked shed instead so your home isn't easy prey for burglars.
When visiting or talking to your loved one in custody, DO NOT discuss the case It IS being recorded!!!
Watching Family Guy!
OMG OMG
had to holler at non stop to catch the Joumana Kayrouz Dexter bus
I'm gonna knock you oouuuttt. Mama said knock you oouuuttt.
Huh, did I miss an announcement on this? RT I think the MCLA is taking over tourney streaming.
Maybe 15. But it's a bunch.
At the chiropractor hahaha stupid weight lifting...... But im excited for later. All day preformances and i get to babysitt a baby <3
nada dude, you?
Virtusa is hiring BPM experts. Opportunities across the nation from Hawaii to NJ for LSAs and SSAs. Please RT .
Chillen at the airport, already missing the beach and Miami :(
"Nice : Listening to #GetThatCashUp"
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
and finished the party too!! What fun!
His And Her Privately-inked Tattooing. His And Her Privately-inked Tattooing. Exciting New Ebook Plus Free Bonus. All You Ne
My Bang Finally Touches The Tip Of My Nose Lol Not Cuttin Dat Shxt Nomo
Ah, yes. That would explain it. Might also explain that weird finding... fewer balls leave the bat at those extreme angles?
Yup, officially gone off the deep end, & I don't swim well. Or tread water well for that matter. Metaphor & fact. Clever. Retarded. Nuts.
Not gonna lie. The batman teaser made me chub up a little.
I don't mind telling people "No"
I take that back somewhat, I have seen a few rants, but nothing really well-thought-out.
Can i come there?again that other person asked
The NCAA is more responsible my alcoholic intake than anything else.
What's good C-Town! S/O to the home team from the MIA!
When in Baltimore do as Baltimoran's do, Eat Crabs at one of Baltimore's world best crabs houses. Hot Steamed Crabs and MD crab cakes.
Dow crossed 13,000 for the first time since 2008 today
Hope it was helpful - thx for coming! RT : ": #YPWeek thanks for a great discussion!
where is my boyfriend ugh !
Typing up an estimate for a baseboard install and paint. Let us make your home improment dream be a reality, we'll brush right to it.
amazing work in A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE! Good luck with the rest of the run :)
why aren't the podcast available on itunes???????
' Anyways waitn on my babe to come!
last day of the business week! make sure you swing by for some lunch and dinner!
It shows someone returning my app. :(
Every time I say good bye, it feels like I got kicked in the stomach. Leaving home to head to Louisville.
gluten attack. happy birthday cupcakes and i'm about to pass out from lethargy.
OMG BECKY LOOK AT HER BUTT.........FAKE BOOTY!!! Lol aye u wrong for that lol
the first day we met drops of jupiter played&we mumbled the words, i wonder if you remember. I doubt you even know this is about you.. :/
Good morning all, have a great day and remember to eat your fruits and veggies!
Just got some water to a client in University District
Rise and grind. You got to get up, git out, and get something.
2 workshops this week- CD Jandiz Estrada & Talent agent Judy Boals. Two wonderful ladies as passionate about their job as I am about acting!
RT : Hipster neighbors are playing foursquare in our back patio area. Not checking in, the actual old school game.
All good, except I think missed you at Tuesday's Explosions in the Sky show...
Amazing #archer premiere. How do you top that?
ohh cool! Hows hospital duty? Can you take care of me now!? I still need a cute nurse to take care of me!
Did you know that you can order hardware online here: www.doitbest.com Over 60K items to choose from. Shipping to any of our stores is free!
My hips don't lie, and apparently my hips just welcomed a gay guy in a skirt to sit on my lap.
show me
Imagine if there was a way to see how many times you've visited a persons blog wow brie you'd be scared
please help me spread the word of missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht. last seen saturday on water street.
just added Internet Heading on Resume :)
n yalls secret is finally out, dammit...i knew it! The A is wut that is! So watcha puttin on the grill this weekend OG ;)?
On this road to riches its plenty tolls and bridges.
Death ends a Life, but it does not end a relationship!
Our EP Coming Alive to Fall Asleep is coming out tomorrow night at midnight!! Join the group to learn more Crashing Cars Online EP Release!
so lovin DC right now relaxin with my hunny bun
Running the lake kinda cloudy wish it was summer
Can't wait until #ArizonaTakeOverPt2 more importantly I can't wait until Arizona has been #TakenOverForGood!
Hahaha ... Biden just saw that Ted Nugent agreed to meet with SS. He said, "Damn, I hope he brings some underage hookers to the meeting!!!"
Thank you for hosting!
yo Deezy! give my boy Tim a shout tonight. We've made some major moves on the Buffalo Shout track
Family Guy with the Nazi soldier >>>
RT : As spring training heats up we r glad the Cubs stayed in Mesa AZ Right move for all involved Baseball jobs available h ...
AGHHHHHHH SHANE HARPER IS FOLLOWING ME!!!!!!
RT : He who covers over an offense promotes love, but whoever repeats the matter separates close friends. -Prov 17:9
Forget love - I'd rather fall in chocolate!
Lol. I'd rather sit back and enjoy watching it. RT : How about being a coach? I would love to be a coordinator
Normal class schedule today.
We Think You Might Need To Sit Down For This!
These lil answer hand movements lmao
Editing of EPISODE 3: JOHN AND BRITTANY has commenced with ! Pics to come!
could not have said it better!
Wow! I would never want to leave that room! Thanks for sharing.
OMG who remember the song "Macarena" that was our song as kids and dances was so funny to watch in the music video...lol
Called kalie to say goodnight, she's beautiful & I love her :*
8.9 EARTHQUAKE IN JAPAN.... TSUNAMI HEADING TOWARD HAWAII & the WEST COAST...
So nasty. At least you are on your way home!
sounds like fun...no rabies shots this time I hope mr manu
So theres this guy...
Observing til 4, then I'll be in Naperville.
Just had my last dress down day ever
Nashville is so beautiful today:)
Cards are Back on track
#Smash Showbiz Wisdom of the Week, " I just didn't want anyone to get hurt; well then let's get out of show business!"
Reading: "The Refugee," by Thomas McGuane.
RT : Dream because you can!
what's your favorite video game?:O
Mexican Blake Griffin
Birthday s/o to my bestie! I love you so much, miss you like crazy, and hope you have an amazing day and all your bday wishes come true <3
Yes indeed. Absolutely intolerable.
lol, there will b a new winner this year since the last 5yrs. Gone & take that crown clige & company!
They're weird for that twitter name tho..
I get to go to the Seahawks football game next Sunday I hope they win!
Justice for Trayvon Martin
Daisy is out having a ball
I'll keep it in mind.. :)
I'm a nobody, here to tell everybody, about somebody who can save ANYBODY!
: Looks great, but I have to ask, did you have flashbacks to July 9, 2009?
make us righteous." No one could carry out the works required by the law: they were burdensome and difficult to fulfill, not because of
good look bro seaport the music tell me what you think about them other joints when you can SAE
Damn. fuckin' killed it last night. Great live band.
Moving our code repository to git. Use the right tool for the job. On our way yo a better release process.
yep, just about every brand available to demo on the range. Hit irons, drivers & hybrids. There til 3 today. No cost
lol nothing like that!!!!i just wanna go to the "crunkest" graduation there is.
Damn that's even worse lol at least I got to work the afternoon shift so I guess I shouldn't complain
Booked a good part in a feature and a thing on travel channel.
we should throw that kid a party!
Not quite like the Black Hole Sun video but similar.
just gotta love all of my friends.
Dude, get with the program. Come out to LA. Haha
Reminder: Do one thing at a time. Just one.
Heading to for a class on DC's fair housing laws. Looking to buy or sell in DC? Call us at The !
that jacuzzi better watch out. Somebody might be on the prowl....
You are Welcome!
Id salute u anytime Leeann! :-P
Way I read the tiebreakers... if uofm beats NE and all 3 otherwise win out - uofm goes to Indy. 1st out is MSU-overall rec.
[insert something witty here]
I promise still, I got your back....
omg. i wish i was at this indians game :( or playing softball. it's gorgeous outside!
all the girls and Willie my brother cousin sister all of their fiancées and my mom! Its like 20 of us in the bus
wow, definitely want that, espeically the 1980 Almanac. Good catch.
Sorry to worry you...But thank you for checking on me. I really appreciate... I thought I was losing my mind..
Checking connection to all media outlets...do not reply...
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in time of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality. - Dante
Happy Thanksgiving everyone, may we have a reason to be thankful everyday of our lives. :)
Thanks! Wishing you a wonderful New Year!
it makes perfect sense, I lower my defenses as well when being snuggled.
Get to sipping big man...you've got some writing to do this weekend!
What's up bro? U heard that chris Dave mixtape?
Wait last one for tonight #100thingsilove #21 being a kid.
I can see and there are no metal bits digging into my face. Hurrah!
I had a dream that I was in a porn last night. At least the back drop was pretty awesome.
He ain't gotta have money or a brand new truck, but he better shake my daddy's hand when he comes to pick me up...
#Sagittarius where MB will take you on your birthday: a private movie screening
Get ready Augusta Ga! For Mayfest 2012 I'm going to bring the praise! Along with some great talented friends. See you there!
I blame microwave ovens RT: I dont get this modern day nonsense of thinking it all has 2 be wrapped up months before convention
I am following u
What a nice drive with !
Reggie Evans just got a #technical for high-fiving his teammate Blake Griffin
#FF Smart and Sassy
you can but It won't be as great IMO.
#HappyEaster to everyone. Hope this Sunday gives you joy and peace.
makes me wonder: are those people who are always able to speak off the cuff just more passionate than you & me?
Surviving is important. Thriving is elegant. -Maya Angelou
beautiful out already!
I bet there is nothing like Christmas in Connecticut. I want to retire there someday. Having a white Christmas I take it?
did my solution answer your problem?
Just left my moms
Lots of HF-Twestival love today. Thanks everyone. Spread it to your other networks too (email, Facebook)
Are you serious bro my mom's tripping out cuz im gonna be gone for two days?
Retweeting a joke about Hellen Keller and then instantly retweeting a bible verse?? Haha wow
hey beautiful :-)
How bad I want to go to London!<U+2665>
RT : Nearly 73,000 home-based businesses want to upgrade their broadband, but the service available to them is too slow.
I'm gonna get a tattoo of a butt and put in on my butt!
I like you, yes your cute, but my health comes before sex <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
-you go girl! It's easy to encourage someone with fire in their belly - you had a ton. I just noticed it was burnin' up the room.
I find it a pretty compelling idea. I'm totally going to stockpile some awesome tweets for if I get picked. ...
a sky full of lighters <3
Only 6 ppl attended Thomas Paine's funeral because of his criticisms of Christianity in the Age of Reason. Poor fella.
new single "La La" is on power 96.5! So excited!!!
yeaaaahhhhhhh I listened to it like all day yesterday!!!!! Its REAAALLLYYYYY good!!!! Ah NO
Honestly, is it a good idea to throw a ball at a ref?
We're staying at the Courtyard Marriott West End. Either one should be fine. Good luck to you guys as well!
How in the world is that a flagrant? Kobe went for the ball.
i tweet way too much!
Girls think I get more pussy than I actually get. Chicks always call me a whore but it's really not quite the case lol
Tonight you can find me co-hosting just like karaoke but w/ a live band where U sing and We Play:-)
hahahah I was shocked. (:
Ya I'm bout it bitch
Whoever hacked is now hacking David. RT : Come on a cone. Nuff' said.
How many grandmothers does Mitt Dinner have? Hint, 5.
RT : hehehe :) no thx necessary - best s/w purchase I've ever made <--I second that. Use it daily.
No refunds of eventual subscription fees will be given under any circumstances
Nope, Barcelona.
Cool! I thought it was just me. Lol
Badgers have a shot to shock March Madness tonight!
sorry that was in response to your tweet about driving to Dallas lol
Rush in and have one with our homemade shoe string friest!
Become A Vegan On A Real World Budget - CBS Local
Da scale told me I weigh 145 but my body feelin like 300#drained#
Man, and I thought Monday sucked.
Have seen those Campbell's commercials where they show the wife opening a can of soup and pouring it over rice or noodles for dinner?
CASTING CALL: Auditions for "Sweeney Todd" May 12 & 13.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Wayfinding - valuable info at optimal decision points -- touchscreens are great at this+offer great visuals! Have you seen in DC?
AFPW is a go! Co rolled out some fantastic updates this week~next week should start a serious party! Last run .0015--->.0097
According to Carlos Cortes, the new Diversity issue to confront higher ed will be age. An important digital divide audience.
What is your favorite band and why. 140char limit suckas!!!
So no woman is told choice to be childless is an act against society
RT : Thank god for half off sandwiches at today!!<--- the prices are half off but the favor is fully delicious
The price is right might be my new/old favorite show
Satisfaction is the best Rolling Stones Tribute show on the planet. Go see them May 4th @ the Pasquerilla Performing Arts Center.
If you folks aren't busy on Sat. we are having a one year Anniversary party! Come on in and see what we have done to the store!
YES. Sitcoms of the 70s/80s for a $1000, Alex!
Great crowd at DCGOP Lincoln-Douglas Dinner!
getting ready to launch our #Kickstarter campaign in less than 2 wks! are you ready?
RT for S/O
if I were to see perfection in suffering it would be unfair to those suffering.
Right on : : fear could potentially hold you back from your dreams. Let it go. Embrace life. Love this!!! Thanks
ONE MORE DAY until I'm partying it up for my 21st!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
I suspect the current success/craze of Kickstarter biz model will be decided by which games see the light of day and their quality.
thanks! I like your name too! :)
Going to continue my paper. =)
Going to the Crawfish festival today!
congrats on hitting two home runs tonight #yayo=napoli
Knock KnockWho's there !Benjamin !Benjamin who ?Benjamin the blues !
The man's job is to make the woman look great while dancing. It is the only job. The woman's job is to follow and only to follow.
Come hang out with Rucker from 98.9 Radio Now at Impellizzeris downtown. Grab some free CDs and great pizza
Education is the most important part of the human being. Motivation will help you to reach your goal and become valuable to the society.
good to meet you guys! Root for us during our alpha pitch
thats not going to feel good in the morning ...
Better be quick... I'm only press for 85 more hours, and a couple of them will be spent at the dentist.
“: listening now. great song...ur vocals are amazing” <<Thank You B, Miss ya..;)
Rumors are just as fake as the people who started them.
Let's play the blame game, I love you more. Let's play the blame game for sure.
Does flood insurance only cover water damage, or does it also protect you in baby drool related disasters?
Wow, Kristie - that's so beautiful. Also a reverie garden, I'll bet.
intertitle graphic uses a leading zero for the day but not the month = why???
One Week Away From Ft. , , & Feb 16th Get Your Tickets Fast!
looking forward to Colorado in the morning!
Sick... 16 hours of sleep and I wake up to my wife with the same pukey understanding of what I dealt with yesterday and now I feel bad 4 her
#Nf thanks for the Follow! I'm honored.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
lol. I'm always amazed at how static your position is though. I don't think I've ever seen you leave home! :-D Creepy
"Think big and don't listen to people who tell you it can't be done. Life's
Tripled road trip to be in chapel hill for tonites game... totally worth it already.
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
You're one of those "this looks cool, so I'm gonna buy it cuz only champs buy cool things, and I'm a champ" shoppers.
Tweet me if you are MAHOMIES
thanks friend! Nice to be back.
ohh haha I hate when my parents get exactly what I didn't want!! Always happens!
The #timelapse installation is 2 hrs of gorgeous Seattle-centric visuals...1hr to loop in day, and 1hr to loop at night.
Half way done with my homework.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Mr. Lin A.K.A. Linsanity, we want to welcome you to the SOBE, home of the hottest team in the NBA: The Miami Heat.
Ty Lawson's sister gave me a bj in high scjoll
Cute picture :)
thanks. Took a few weeks off. This might hurt.
Success comes to those who strive for it!!!
"_____ is dumb. People like talking about you because you're cool." Even if it's a lie, friends know how to make me feel better.
:) So hows it going?? OMG it's been a long ass day, think I may do the opposite of you and unwind Bel Ami goodness ;)
Well if you like that check out our single. Party Life by Sardar #8 most digitally played worldwide #1 by an independent.
no problem!(:
Only 1 week until !
thank u sir!
i hope not...LOL..i was watching some youtube videos..i think i'll be fine..LOL
I wouldn't be surprised if the Bears traded down from their 3rd rounder. Get more picks. Right now only 6 after Alshon trade.
Watching SyFy. This show Fact or Faked is pretty interesting O_o
was trying to shop some awesome online black friday deals--but the modem just died! grrrrrrrrrr
Sometimes the truth hurts.
RT: Yoon Jong Shin to Leave Super Star K
Dear Magazines, please stop insulting me w "offer" to renew for $20 for being a good customer & then offer new subscribers a $12 rate
And....can you make it happen there?
Congrats, guys, on the collaboration. Sounds like it was a terrific experience. Fun too!
r u serious? See what I originally replied to? Not about any documentary. Relax.
2012 be there tomorrow morning.
With 3 shows coming up, we're hoping you're not giving up for Lent!
WHEN are you going to come visit ? I need a reason to meet you guys at
RT Miniscule amounts of radionucleides detected in California. Approximately one billion times beneath dangerous levels.
Xfinity - Because Comcast Is Evil... And We're Not.
Totally unimpressed by the Avengers trailer ;( OMG Am I gonna see crap spewing ducks soon?! Am I turning into Stan Marsh!?
RT : Try the Wee Mac! RT : Finally had the Cream Ale. You all were right. Nectar of gods.
Thanks for following. We personally use your products everyday.
I'll be back for mint juleps soon! ;)
hahaha I just hope I didn't jinx us! I love you :)
Laken got me in a WCAR mood.
#RockConcert everybody let's rock
family >>>> greatest love of all.
yeah. Ha my mom doesnt like Chessa :\ she did whitney soo good!
Show of hands: who's ever walked down 8th Ave on a Sat afternoon and asked someone if they were going to Junior tonight? You know who u are.
You call your wife 'Puppy'? :) Funny--I call my husband that! (or Pup, Puppers...)
“I create culture not content. If I create a successful culture everything else falls into place.” William Beshears #fundforteachers Fellow
Move Along.
#Omg so #fridaynight got #wasted #jagermister. And i broke this chair. Then smoked a #blunt GodsGirl777
Is delicious RT : Five Guys!
I dont think its a banner year for the Lakers
what is all this talk about Bahja I need to be updated loll
:D HEY! How are YOU?! It's always so good to hear from you.
Will minecraft come to the iPhone/ iPod touch in the future?
Glad you saw it. Kimi was only 3 seconds out of P1.
"Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement." Foster C. Mcclellan
Incredible things come from incredible dreams- InSpotter mobile app
there's still time....
I have a dream... that one day, paki boys () and pali girls (me) will join hands and unite -MartinLutherKingJunior
Boy, do I envy talented graphic designers...
What's Up with people and the need to be.. #Cool ? Do you, you're better off. You look at it through eyes of the mind, view with the Soul
About to to go lift at the high school. This should be interesting!
Will you follow back please? :)
the awkward moment when...screw you haha :)
Michigan plays Illinois tonight in a battle of 2 NCAA Tourny "bubble" teams. Too bad game not on Nt'nl TV: UM's Darius Morris=fun to watch.
thanks for clarifying that for me. :)
fantastic! how'd the screening go? on the way to refuel party at the hangar if ur up for some beerz.
Amazing day!(: lots of fun lookin forward to my game tomarrow!(:
DON'T CALL ME THATTT5gayabsbsisjb
I liked your facebook page!
"A potent, immediate novel." No thanks.
I'm jealous. Of you being at roadhouse that is, not clowns. You hate clowns because we watched "It" when we were little <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That moment when you're at your meet four hours before your event! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
We're Always Open!
Please follow me(:
thanks! I have not heard of Looking Glass. Looks interesting--might be something I can add to my arsenal. :)
Getting Complete Makeup Kits Ready For #MissUsa ...(thats ALOT of makeup lol )
Join at Yoga Island tomorrow! will be there, support spreading yoga & mediatation to the youth of NYC!!
read this and text me im an ass. but I wont go as low as u are. posting a picture of u and ur bf with my daughter. I have more class than u
I act like shit don't phase me, inside it drives me crazy. My insecurities could eat me alive.
Nicki Do You Have An Instagram!!!! ?????
Why are you so sexy?!
From Masa to Neta - New York Magazine
no "View to a kill" it's got Walken!
I love
Weebles are wobbling, please don't fall down
No matter how hot it is we have to have a damn cover! #black shit
Just unloaded the cars and saw the inside of my new home for the first time. It's soo cute! Can't wait to unpack and decorate.
STILL SEARCHING for a SR ACCOUNTANT w/ a FINANCIAL ANALYST background. Stable; large company. INTERVIEWING NOW!!! call me @ 813-207-2871
Thanks for following, Cassie!
What is a Topic that you would like to hear on and Ill let you know when i cover it in one of my webinars/seminars/calls
Good morning followers. It's been a couple days. Busy busy.... But its still..... A beautiful day to entertain....
Best line ever!!! ": I'm right on top of that, Rose!"
Last night was amazing. Not that I don't love my kitty, but James is more cuddley
Rugrats really I'll fuck with you right now insomnia
informed me that your new go-to word is trendy. That's my favorite word. Pick a new one or become my apprentice.
My fashion magazine comes out next month!! Its called VIBRANT! Check it out at vibrantmags.com and become a follower
RT : Less than a month to vote! Vote YES on SAGAFTRA Merger! Every vote counts!!
early morning java shift
Slowly working my way out of this rabbit hole
Welcome us to the Twitter Community!
looks great! SAWH (Hm, just autocorrected to sawhorse) is lucky to have you doing their page - nice work!
u make it alive?
Stop into Beckett's and escape the dreary weather outside. Enjoy Happy Hour and half price beef burgers until 7pm!
bright's passage is a great read, highly recommended!
Tonight's ChopHouse, cast your official vote:Long or Short hair for this Flapper.While deciding, drink copious martinis &applaud! 6:30
you should have just had another Guinness!
awesome! I was hoping to see you but maybe spring football game
Thank you! facebook.com/fitforthepart
Yes! In the edit thing along the right, scroll down .. if you have any of those #s, just click the magnifying glass next to it.
#PeopleNeedToStop look and listen
Hey, I know how to sew on a button! I was just reading the manual for my machine.
Our show at Stacked Pickle (Carmel) is Sat April 27....and starts at 9:30!! Wait that's tomorrow...COOL! See you there!
RT RT V.Quote "I'm always fascinated by the way memory diffuses fact." - Diane Sawyer (1945 - )
Drinking coffee and cleaning.....maybe not a good idea at 11:35pm. Oops.
depends on who you talk to about Chicago, some people are constantly angry-particularly the guy you quote.
- most are purely for hygienic purposes. If I counted vanity products I'd be up around 30 ;)
Did you know? Mark Twain filed for #bankruptcy in 1894!
Nothing better than eating some at some fast food restaurants!
So call me maybe :).... Thank u for getting that song stuck in my head again >_<
You can mark My words "comeback player of the year" potential a cy young
In the end, people who stick around with you through the good & bad times are the ones who worth it all.
bad ass RT : I was walking with my shirt halfway off at p.e and B lunch today
You don't realize what you had until she's not there.
I need to stop hoping for the best on people. It's always just a let down.
oh very nice
Amazing! Client down 43 pounds in just 9 weeks! Way to make the choices to support your goals!!!!
that's what's up .
What software or db program do you recommend for archiving a personal scrapbook collection? Would like to be add tags & comments
A reasonable sized SSD and iTunes are incompatible - even with the actual music on a different drive.
On Shabbat, May 8, following Kiddush, join Rabbi Kassorla in the OVS Main Sanctuary for a special 45-minute healing service.
ohh that's cool:)
tony we got beef!!
follow me please ¡¡
-- Sponsored by The Aetrex GPS Shoe -- Click Here to Follow Code Amber on Twitter
I like bacon! Nothing burps better than bacon! Bacon! Bacon! Bacon! Now... what do you want to eat? Bacon?
So who is going to tonight's TNT at Buzz Ballston? Ready to watch me kick some ass?
Thank you! It's quite busy out there.
This weather is crazy; all I want time did is sleep!
Thanks Chuck! The video of the hat for Washington State Parks was great too.
Today's BTU inspiration: "My friends have made the story of my life." ~Helen Keller
been up for a few hours now... but good morning bi-polar new york weather
Tonight. 8pm. Open Fist Theatre. stars in the newly-extended DEAR JOHN MAYER. Last 4 shows!!
The goal of any Christian relationship is to honor God. Are you honoring him w your thoughts, actions, dates? Be intentional.
I had a lovely lunch with my lady...
thank you for Dirty Barbie! Totally familiar and totally new at the same time. Makes me proud to be a woman.
.....that you have a cute profile pic. lol
miss you and kevin...xo nancy -- Rochester misses you guys
Good job dude, that would be a cool place to cut a jazz record
okay thanks V much
I Absolutely would!
Watching dailies of -- man, and scenes are awesome. You guys were phenomenal!
Cleaned the entire house. Unpacked everything. Laundry you name it I did it. Off to the U.P. For some much needed R&R Back to reality Wed.
WE appreciate the follow. Nice to meet you Kevin.
Fashion on the Fly: Minka Kelly Keeps it Cute & Casual at LAX (PHOTOS) Even dressed down, Minka Kelly looks gorgeous! The Friday Night Li
Obviously written by someone w/no brains! RT : jason kidd = stupidest player in the nba. he does the funniest things.
Awww yea let's go Racers!!
I love matzo! “: Bad time for me to give up wheat as it is actually making that matzo look like a delicacy.”
I get you guys at 8:30
I'm all about my virgin socks. Non of these sluts that have been around.. Yes I meant socks
Fan of the TV show Deadliest Catch? The Breakfast Show has exclusive audition tapes up next
Having a great MHC DC board meeting tonight. Stay tuned for some great spring events!
These are terrific! Thanks for sending.
I am watching Designing Women.
The blog posts from were long & endless & they became the must-go-to place for info. Soon he was on PBS, NPR... It was amazing.
I admit to that when it come to video games I'm a sore loser
Wisdom is knowledge which has become a part of one's being.
Great new school with serious connections to NYC theatre scene: www.bridgestudioforperformingarts.com. Definitely check them out.
So in love with and doing
I'm sitting here cracking up! And I'll find you ... In your office!
So... How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if you kissed my cheek to give it luck?
I love pretending random days are holidays, happy hump day!! Can't wait to celebrate
who can contact regarding a nonprofit directed at promoting invention to k12 (not your father's science fair).
There is going to be a season 4 of Community! :D
If you were serenaded by Call Me Maybe tonight, that was me and
one bottom....
-- Lily Marie always steals the show -- and the books!
well I may need to get him some if he will behave in future!
way to go girl!!!!! So proud! That's awesome
i could DM you a pic of me (:
is there such a thing as a hate-sheep? If so, I'm staring at him in the mirror :-(
I think you can play from the cloud except that means streaming data usage with the phone.
except now you can't use it to manage your disc queue
Awh D; Well I hope you feel better<3
what kind of dogs do u have?
Anybody in any ward who still supports #Fenty should join www.facebook.com/runfentyrun
Mad Mean season 4 tonight
watching the podcast on the #ExperienceJoeRogan app now. Check it out in the Android Market!
could be a bluff move... I'd guess DEN blinks first.
Classic & Original or Spicy with a Kick? Which Chicken Sandwich do you prefer?!
Yeah...Beautiful country!!!
I did too... It's such a nice song... <33
raz boy.. Ur boy floyd doesn't want 50/50.. He still thinks he's the cash cow
1st weekday off/consecutive days off in 3.5 months. Taking a long weekend. Looking forward to camping, baseball, etc. Enjoy ur wkend too!
if you ever get to see this what was your fav. Part making the movie(:
Fiona apple never gets old
social media makes it easier to draw in the lurkers?
At least have some self respect bros lol
nope. Was not informed of this every tues/fri schedule so I made plans with a girlfriend who is in major need of a night out
Easy wit the insults don't be fuggin mad cuz the CAVS will never win a championship!!
Just saw a rainbow...yay!
perhaps we should. we'll hit you up in may. we are booked until then.
If you're reading this with slumped shoulders... stand tall! Posture is the window to the spine.
Chances are Europe won't come apart until the crisis circles back to France & Spain, exposing Germany, when they'll print money or go to war
A guy ho listens, a guy who is sweet, a guy who is s great singer,a guy who will always remember you thats follow him
How did things go in Dayton?
H.o.e.s = Happily offering everybody sex.
I would like to opt out of all election coverage and political news/ads from now through February 1, 2013. How can I make this happen?
New Track "The Skyline" up on our Myspace. Check it out and try not to wet yourself. www.myspace.com/theunionsound
i like to read lit crit in the food court at the mall, good times
Dog eats her master's tickets to Masters A Seattle man has a happy ending to his near-disaster for the Masters.
Happy #HireFriday! Looking forward to the #HFChat at noon EDT.
“: Would love to hear your work!” Eliana Evang on YouTube
lmmfao yes we can crystal clear homie lol *starts stepin like stomp the yard*
I could get any webmaster and they will testify that it doesnt take 2 weeks to secure a hacked website. I doubt Two Plus Twos reasons.
I know who he is! I just couldn't remember the last name! Jean/Williams. I'm just sayin' lol! fun fun fun
Museums can go global AND decrease their carbon footprint at InterActivity 2012! Checkout this week's session teasers on ACM's FB page.
: Lisa its been a while. we last talked live when i was writing / producing for mc hammer. please call when u can
": who talking about trade!? Thats ridiculous" dumb a ppl on twitter and tv....
sounds like a shitty day.
you better be !
tim/hootenanny reign supreme, but "rock n roll ghost" is still my favorite song of theirs.
Had the best night doing stupid around the playgrounds of Boston with my besties
your a directionator!!
22 days, 15 hours until graduation!!
Thanks to D at for getting youth involved!
No, no scorpions but we've had our share of pissed off skunks this spring. LOL
It is SO tasty.
Thanks so much for the
morning babe!!!! Wanna go to the Reds/Cubs game w us tonight??
In te car on my wake to Chicago.....no one tell the fb ppl
They're a big-game team. They'll show up when it matters. Remember opening week against Pittsburgh?
Meeting last night > :)
Revit: where one mistake gets multiplied to every view, sheet and schedule-simultaneously.
You know what fuck it... I am just going to go with my gut I hope it works
I wanna know what turns you on girl (;
RT Dam #ritz sound like the move for tonight
Very tasty. The words: oak aged, double, and ipa caught my eye. 10% abv, so it'll bite back.
Yup, just pulled a muscle in my back sneezing.
Women are 65% of public employees. #KathleenFalk insists women have a seat at the negotiating table. It's about fairness.
Auburn sweatshirt on the Santiago metro today! Pretty sure he randomly bought it at a market, but still
Roy Halladay on pace for 33 wins, 0 era and .25 WHIP for the season.
My new standard response to "I have a _____ friend" is "they must be very patient."
Thanks so much! Come join us at Tavern Downtown, Colorados largest rooftop patio!
San Diego Chargers linebackers coach John Pagano joins The Score in a few minutes! Mile High Sports, 1510
Labron's & DRose got on the freshest sneaks!
RT #Capricorn's think too much. They plan too much.
You are heavenly/You are Father/Creator/Sustainer/Life changer/Pride breaker/You are yesterday today and forever/You are pleasure/
yup the book was a lot better though.
y'all are gonna rock it! see ya there :D
hey I'm the one u tweeted back to the other day.I wanted u to know my birthday is tomarrow please call 812-679-1479<3
Aww!!! I'll miss you too!!! You'll have fun with Andrea! :))
of course. :) what's up?
Story change. On my way to Douglas County to ask more about the Nuggets' Birdman investigation
-We bound next me & Dj_Rage!!
"I want to get to the point where people say of my work: that man feels deeply, that man feels keenly.” (Vincent van Gogh)
done and done
still can't figure out my email thing....
call me, beep me, if you wanna reach me #pittsburghsuperhero I'll even save YOU during a #pittsburgh sports game
I second this b/c I'm next to her. RT : come sit next to me?
thank you! :)
Not till #DWTS is over, IMHO RT Clifton. Collins. Is Driver next?
when's the last time the #Orioles had a .667 winning percentage this late in a season?
“: id say its a spending prob for more than ppl think.” Maybe, but relative wages have dropped a lot since 1980.
Haha, well...no, not exactly. But it's just like everything else, it's not the same if you're not attracted.
Bringing in from Vegas this week for Jet Set Friday!
They're made of licorice, donchyaknow?
Digital Graffiti Walls are a big hit at trade shows as attendees can digitally draw on a screen that can be branded with your company logo.
take a right at fork behind museum. Take another rt at funky flags!
Next week around this time everyone should be at the Reds game
I'm on my level...
"This is a time for caution, but not for fear." Chinese Proverb that resonated with me tonight. Believe recession is over....
JUST GONNA WRITE THE NIGHT AWAY
Uses of Twitter.... talking to friends, marketing, research, clubs, organizatins, announcement.... what else?
lather rinse repeat! On that tweet.
don't be writing checks your ass can't cash.
Home!!!! Hailey Anne's resting comfortably...well all but this damn fly. Argggggg. :^)
ur a brat
I have no homework tonight wow... I must be lucky then...?!
Cause he's gone and never coming back...
We have a lucky 7 weeks to get in shape for the Race.
if you by me a burrito I will tell you anything you want to know. Anything.
Robert Pattinson buys Kristen gold locket
haha!! Lloyd is always on the road he puts me to shame! :)
It's one thing to be dumped by a great guy, but to be dumped by someone that never really loved you. That's tough. I had to compete with a
Exactly! : This 'perfect' night of sleep is obviously for people w/out small children.
i want some chips and salsa from a mexican restaurant
Don't just stand there boy, I gotta know. Say something.
"It would make the burger boozey"
#TheNYRangers defeat #Wash_Caps in 3OT. NY leads series 2-1. Memories of Easter Sat/ Sun w NYI v Caps.
I was checking out recently, and I do love how it is total eye candy over there! We'll see...still have to look more
must be in the water. MT : experiencing a serious lack of focus this a.m. Feels like a ping pong ball bouncing around in my head.
Tailgating for one of the worst teams in the nation.... Fun after parties fun... Lunch with best friends parents bad idea
omg Zoila and Jeff with the life therapist omg I just love them so much!!!!
didn't I warn you about this over a year ago? You're technically running a red light when you do that
u scared me...i thought a new season started!
FUN! RT : Tweeting with us from the beach TOMORROW: Join the #flkeys chat at 2PM
Do we need general ed requirements at institutions of higher ed? Does thinking about learning outside the class necessitate a new paradigm?
In the studiO at 3am putting in work...10TH Album.
what color is the burn, lmao!
"The body is the piece of the universe we've been given"-Geneen Roth
why do you only respond to the meant tweets what about us folks that think you are adroable?
On any episode of Real Housewives i never see them acting as housewives, mostly just as spoiled grown up children.
h_osterlund they are both pretty depressing, for different reasons :\
Start it! Interesting characters & twists. I finished in > a week. I also think it would do well in a movie adaption.
YOLO Is The New Live Fast Die Young
It's choice - not chance - that determines your destiny. -- Jean Nidetch
Indeed. I went from being a President to a Mayor. Hm? I have to work on that.
Bye Miami!!<U+2708> Off to the Dominican Republic<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><U+2600> Cant wait to lay out with a Piña Colada!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
yea but why so depressed somethin bad happened?
Reading Jitterbug Perfume...all packed and ready to go HOME tomorrow!!!!!
Hooray for us both! <3
Gosh I feel horrible ):
i really dont even care anymore
Thanks for following us Marek, we will be checking out your products!
This Week: ED ROBINSON'S album - The South Florida Top 15 Reggae Album/CD's Chart 'WRITTEN IN STONE" is
Ph dang then I can't I have church tomorrow /:
In Theatres 2-12-10: in VALENTINE'S DAY! Who's going?!?
Call or stop in today…………
According to a random website, my twitter account is worth $168.33...Jackpot
Best comment: "Democracy is really the enemy of freedom and individual rights."
I could be having the worst day of my life, but a good football practice always makes up for it
Hip Thrusting needs to be qualified as a sport and I think Louis would win the Olympic medal for it. I'd like to be a spectator...
“Each time we face our fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.” -I'm confident in my team!!! #GIFTED MIINDS
Yaw remember that show r u smarter than a 5th grader? No one learned that stuff in 5th grade. I still dont know some of that stuff now.
It's a Bird, It's a Plane, It's the Millennium Falcon
I miss you!!
3 days till school , 8 days till bar mitzvah (:
Empire State Building about to lose status as tallest in NYC; One World Trade Center likely to surpass height by Monday
On northbound #22 just south of Irving Park. Insanely crowded, lots of people still trying to board
Feeling lucky? Call in a pledge of support at $50 and ask about our mystery grab bags, worth over $100! All sorts of goodies: 888-621-6900
I need a beer. And a nuke.
Thanks Chris! So wrapped up on the show... I missed the news about Jinnrise:)
Might just go ahead and do it...
oh hey there
lol alright you and Fred need to go to sleep haha
I wish juniors were able to be exempt from classes! I've got a 97 in ecology and only missed 2 days and I have to take the exam
Ok, I’ll let you put my sand in your toes if promise to properly dispose of your cans when you’re done :)
me neither!!! My husband is ALL about the lyrics…and I NEVER hear them.
Good point! Just had a Heath Blizzard yesterday, but fresh ice cream sounds yum now. Obviously you can see what I'm craving. Lol
Also for sign making and crafters...All 1-1/2" and smaller width vinyl cut-offs are on sale for only $1.00 a pound in our walk in store.
that's an annoying one i promise!
>>>you were great as usual... and I were way n the back #crowded!
which one
followed you here...why'd you make a new one? :)
Yesterday!! yesterdayrock.com!
Roses are red Violets are blue NCircle loves Each one of you! <3 Happy Valentines day to our NCircle of friends!
: “Omg, if straight women lower their standards any more, it will be a sad, sad day!"
talk about an ego boost! glad i made the cut...i owe you food sometime.
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating ;)
Full service gas station. Thought these were extinct. Is that what we've made church?
Jerry, good to see you Tweeting again!
I feel awesome :)
Chase is inundated with calls from angry cust. Are they trying to drive good people into insolvency?
im done with Bryzgalov, worse than Boosh
Hanging out with old friends >>
Haha! Any news on the math finals? They graded?
I had the funniest dream last night lmfao (:
Everything aches right now. Great workout and a night of dancing!
My Twitter notifications never pop up
holla. link me up with the really nice sweaters page.
Conan gave Rick perry a shout out! Nice!
Any news on if his teammate Adolphus Washington will make the trip as well?
Warriors send Monta Ellis to Milwaukee in five-player trade
WHAT IS IT?!
"when black people get loud they only speak in vowels"
no worries I'm good a negative attitude is below the horizon...a place for lonesome hearts and I am above the ignorance<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I am a forgiving person, but I'm growing tired of the Paterno apologist.
I want you to want me as much as I want you
We can also relabel Hooded fleece Contact
Shankapottimus!!!!! Damn that comercial is funny!!! :)
u all better keep in touch k! ;)
For those who always complain about haters consider this... Maybe you're just a douchebag/bitch.
Between Facebook Timeline, Google Search, Plus Your World and Twitter's soon discovery layer this is a major shift for semantic web& privacy
LOVE MY ICON
RT : And we are proud to be there!
<U+266C> Thank you all so much for following Archie-Rose Music, we are gearing up to be more active on the social scene, also more interesting <U+266C>
RT : Great time of yr for players to watch film/learn, etc... [yet most play AAU and learn nothing]
Simply making consistent investments in our self-education and knowledge banks pays major dividends throughout our lives. Jim Rohn
1;11 here. You won't want to get up in the morning. lol I'm heading goodnight.
Friends don't let friends let print designers "design" websites. Because all they're doing is fucking things up.
hey thank you we agree! Launchig a big kickstarter campaign in may to raise funds for distribution!
finally! my gold, gaudy, glittery watch has arrived!!!
Say a design studio wants to pitch a potential exhibit to the museum. How would it go about that who would be the contact?
in the end I was so blind I had to have surgery
lol i know (:
Wha?? First? My mouth just watered. For reals.
Aw, this makes me miss you and Austin!
PRESIDENT OBAMA CAME, HE SAW, and HE CONQUERED. MITT ROMNEY, HE LIED, HE TOOK, and HE MADE A FORTURE. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Aqueduct Racetrack train stop looking bleak against Friday night at Heritage Casino
#InMiddleSchool Mr. White was the best person ever, I met someone who I waited 3 years for and nothing happened and I met some amazing ppl.
IU, them Cats are coming for revenge.
On the web. Xm is now a luxury few of my friends can afford. I know XM is saying "damn u BLOG TALK!"
haven't heard yet. Let us know how it goes. Live tweet it! :) If you do a write-up we'll repost! RT : I'm going. Who else?
would make for a decent #ds106 assignment- some are pretty heartbreaking
its def not sellin out im just gettin mine at the door
taking full advantage of the last few hours of my day off from fashion- the industy that never sleeps ;)
Just cooked dinner. “: Me Valerie, Charlie, & Akiya just danced & cooked with hahahaha #bestprincipal”
I was so,faded i did a front flip into my window
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page. :) If you don't need tell a friend that could.
nice to hear from you! i go hot and cold on my blogs. glad you liked this one. take care!
Thank you for that. Noted. Hopefully my ride home will be smooth and no a/c leaks.
All "fine" $ goes under Free Parking RT : But errtime Monopoly is played, there's an argument on what the rules are
Is it time to report to spring training yet? I'm bored
Sotomayor /2 other judges summarily dismissed case without tackling complex issues outlined in briefs.Instead court issued an unsigned,
MT : Only person to get downtown NY music/theater and how they connect in the 70's right:
Gud 2 hear dear ;-) same here I'm Blessed thank you
great picture of us 3!
Come in for a bite and stay to listen to the Flamenco guitar stylings of Daniel Azcarate. He's on from 6:30 - 9:00pm tonight!
love you too!!
A palete load of soft drinks and bottled water just arrived at #Minnebar Now I know the conference is underway.
Safe travels to everyone heading up to Sydney for PMA! A lot of flights are canceled here in Melbourne. #roadtrip!!
where'd your baby come from then? Did you also make all your organ systems and the earth that you're walking on?
there is definitely something in my walls, its either big, or rollin with a posse six deep
As someone who works with tweens, I can say that One Direction are much, much huger than The Wanted.
People were afraid Boehner would cry if they didn't vote for him. Pelosi would throw shoes regardless of result. #waronmyself?
informal poll: what color should i paint my nails for the post-bday karaoke extravaganza tomorrow night?!?!?
yeah it's pretty ace especially coming from Auckland. Still miss home though
This public pool is a lot warmer than usual. I hate kids..
i miss you already :'(
yes! And thanks!
yo i may come to the city. No oops tho
It takes a true man to deny he is wrong.
I'm leavin for beantown tomorrow for 12 days so whoever wants to kick it tonight in da burbs hit me up.
I want to meet him
heading home to Seattle today :)
I know I'm to old for this but: 2 Chainz !!!!!!!
You always see things in the mirror that no one else does.
54 secs left in the first. Still scoreless
I got it done in the joint by my nigga named Mark and thanks
U r a WC Warrior, right? What year did U graduate?
Ahh. I have to go to bed early tonight. Sol test tomorrow. -.-
Sagharbor favorite store www.bondn9.com - the essences of New York City on a parfum bottle!
“: #Scorpio are people with foggy clouds over them so you cant see their true self.” so true. But I can still spot a
: Inspired by the rain, we are going to buckle down and do some more recruiting!
Thank you! It's just some of what I want to tell Josh eventually.
Leftover spaghetti for lunch, yum?
I guess its bittersweet the Only Cleve Football team which can beat a Pgh team is Arena Football,they are celebrating in Cleve
San Diego Unified School Board, District A Mini-Forum tonight, 7:30pm at Clairemont H.S.
we are thankful you chose to share your time and talents with us! Happy 4 year anniversary ;-)
Follow to get your latest news on the industries you love and aspire to be in. From Music, Movies and Fashion...#NowUpdateThat!
Let it go lol RT : Think I'm gonna go back to school. University of Hawaii sounds good to my ears.
#ala11 wrapup: Number of bruises from unknown sources: 2. Number of broken fingernails: 3. Yup... Seems about right.
Follow the team if u are or know an up and coming independent artist !!!!!
so would you put Lewandowski on your football dream staff, or just go with U of M's by default?
i miss u baby long time no talk
special last minute fares for today... call for details. 414.744.0400
If Jesus saw how working people were treated in this country by those filthy poors, he'd be so embarrassed. He'd occupy THEM.
chilln. Bn bck on my grizzly since we talked. When u ready tho
Bubba Watson needs a ratchet set today.
"Give me a second Eva Longoria is texting me" - HAHAHAHA BRB DYING OF LAUGHTER!! :)
TMZspoke with an investigator at Coroner's Office who said they're on way to scene.and a law enforcement source says Jr is dead
From chilled toes and bursting heat to running the air conditioner on the way from a meeting, it's a beautiful Houston day.
Twinkle twinkle little hoe, name a guy you didn't blow.
The water bear is an amazing animal.
Agreed! RT : Hiring a paralegal to file a bankruptcy is a bad idea. Not reading the papers you signed is an even worse idea.
We have to maintain a penitentiary. I do not know why. We have to maintain a reformatory. I do not know why. [1944]
Announcing HP's Converged Infrastructure Roadshow. Mark Your Calendar. Please visit www.hp.com/go/ciroadshow to view the agenda.
no problem! glad to help :) and I think a web series is a great idea of you want to make that a fun summer project together
Probably old news at this point, we suppose. Hey, do you have low-price subscriptions for tiny nonprofits? :)
Just got done with tball practice...subway for dinner...time 4 some mw3!
no way! That's insane. I've only worked at HCO for a couple of months now, but my store loves diverse people ! haha. (:
BTW, the thought of lighting up a packed arena night after night with "Heaven on Their Minds" is a beautiful thought. :D
Um I'm not quite sure. I can ask him tomorrow but I know for sure 10 pre-AP :)
“ Yo The New Avengers movie got a 9.5 rating...damn lol...we fuckin with it! :)”
Good morning! Happy belated Father's Day!
I think you better stick with the kids in the pool. This one doesn't have legs.
#Spotify is awesome!!! Keepin me jamming on my way home
I hope you had a great day off!
she mad bro!!!!
Ready for some of my friends to get married! These folks jammin!
Library GRIND bold is Delta Mud.
#hackedbymamamahone because I want to see Austin's reaction.
Great results often require more work than expected. Go the extra mile to make something more than just okay.
Went to last night in BK, and it was a dance partay. Reminded me of in Austin.
The great forest of Swagtopia RT lmfaoo where may I get this swag dust from ?
thanks man. Do my best
i want him to be on some shit tomorrow,then its gon be smash on site and i put that on my brother !
RT : Our disrespect for thinking: someone sitting in a chair, gazing out of the window, always described as 'doing nothing'.
Tiger Balm
"Today, we're living in a moral emergency..." ~
IT'S MY BDAY BITCH!
almost kept a DMV appt to change the title on my car. Turns out I had already taken care of it...at the DMV. Seriously?!?
Awww naw. Jealazzz. 1love kids. “: Got surprised by !! Uncle Sam's in Oakland with the big man <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094>”
I can make your bedrock :*
Now you're just somebody that I used to know..
The perfect place to share a few small plates, sip on crafted cocktails & listen to live music... DISTIL tonight!
Great pick by the Bengals!
Congrats ! Great game!
I'm ready for Spring Break. Only 10 more days.
RT : Need exceptional talent to design your next innovation solutions? Look to Indiana Hoosiers to lead the way.
RT - The Super Bowl for my first franchise in Madden NFL 12: ... drumroll please ... San Francisco 49ers vs. Jacksonville ...
Lol you're so fucking dumb! I'm not a Selenator, I never said I was! Talking to you is like talking to an infant.
sorry to hear about this. That's a serious drag. I'll think of you when I eat occhi di bue.
Still up twifey???
I am too!
good to know.
we love that you've fully wrapped your head around this new role we've assigned you. it's really blowin' out there too.
I honestly just met the greatest guy ever! He is so amazing and hot!!!
Thanks for the follow. Great good wishes with your writing.
I hope somebody doesn't renew their season tix in for 2012 so I can get it!!! Find out Feb. 4th
I hate waking up from my sleep...I was just about to hug then i smelled bacon D:
No problem! Have a great weekend! :)
: Likewise Suzanne.
. Don't mean to be disloyal to but the way he's been strutting around makes it hard to feel sorry for him.
Yardwork-done,read the paper-done. Now time for breakfast and start another busy day!
Great day... looking forward to tomorrow... www.youthcanlead.com
Going camping & hiking near Leavenworth. Wish us luck!
It takes 8 weeks of ridiculous training to get in fight shape, and then 2 weeks of half-assing it to lose it. Poop.
thank goodness i found on twitter so i can tell the source how amazing the show was...& i can't wait for andrea goss to go on!
#TheAvengers was really good! I'm buying it when it comes out.
#JustRememberThat when I said I'd always be there for you I meant it.
Headed to Alaska ..
I'm having paisley withdrawals tho, I haven't been to his show for too long
I am so relieved they made an arrest in that Mississippi case.
WACK-A-DO!!!!!!!! We have another donation! Thanks Bodhi! With your $50 donation, you earned the status of Power Pal! We're now at $1880!
Right back at ya!
where?! Keep it!
Half-time, FIFA Women's World cup, no goals (though US has plenty of shots, Japan, a few too.) 0-0.
Shut up! :P I'll push your ass off.
Madonna gave a very good half time show at Super Bowl tonight. She is in top shape she really works hard at taking care of herself it shows
SUPRA. HOLEY COWWWAAAA
writing them or reading them?
Crap. My iPhone's battery is almost fi
...ikr!! i that...it makes me wanna cry:(
Ambition is the key to success.
I want more more more of that Karla Chisholm flavor I've been looking for. Give me more!
please do!!!(: Hahaha
I assure you that I feeling is mutual!
What are you gonna do with yourself next Monday night?!
Why has the San Diego Voice and Viewpoint become so hostile against teachers?
Up at 4am for second cross country flight in 2 days...SLC bound.
Take a pleasant picture of you. Not too smiley just pleasant. Can you find that look? Use your camera phone. Tomorrow: Background Change.
Hello! We are looking now for models for a new website launching in 24 hours! Would you like to join us Dear?
I thought that was beautiful!!
“: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z really kind of tired of putting these letters in order.” I know!
Why n??ever have unfollower
Today I'm marking 40th anniversary of Congress passing #EqualRightsAmendment; shouldn't women's equality be enshrined in the Constitution?
It sounds like a scene from The Minority Report, but technology to combat gun crime known as ShotSpotter has been quietly rolled out acro
Health Tips: too much vitamin c may become pro-oxidative in the body - keep to no more than 1 gram a day.
Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their jobs done - Peter Drucker
Brands are learning to embrace Facebook’s new timeline without losing fan interaction. Take a look at how Fanta’s doing it:...
Vitucci's with
next time BOTH of you will come to Caliente! :) I'm craving another Fajita Combo!
I wonder where is? I need to check on her & have best friend talk <3
congrats bro! That's a great accomplishment . Tomorrow is 6 weeks for me, too!!
Looking forward to the Kentucky Derby. I'm pulling for "Eden's Moon" mainly because I think that would make a fine title for a tune.
Drove far today. <U+2665>
awweeee my poor numbeer zeero! hope you feel better <U+2665> C:
Free online Estimate
This Flaming Lips tune was requested by LelandRDaniel when he won #Wits tickets!
And I love me some Derek Rose. But the kid missed almost HALF of an already short season. And he got votes.
Some things are just so awkward to say, yet so easy to text.
Woot my 8 guages went in without any problem!!
I know families who plan one summer trip a year from points northward just to see the Brewers.
Done with high school!!:D
Wow, huge shot
Elton John, Seattle Center Coliseum, 1974
Appalachian Granny has Puppy Chow and Peppermint Bark at Acme Hotdogs! It's grab-n-go so stop by and grab yours! Cleveland Av,. So of 161
don't get too close, I'm bound to have picked up his stankin' ass must.
can't stop watching Wayfaring Stranger...
Lol!! Lil mama has your lucky number on today!!!
Cavity needs to be filled. You' re right. Not looking forward to it. But, then picking up my books for
Time to retire the phrase "ruin porn."
#np Convinced I'm Wrong - Polar Bear Club
Thanks for the RT! BTW, can't wait till it goes live. Been using internally on a daily basis and it Rocks :-D
This store has a licensee named "Standard Shaft Club." The jokes write themselves.
Watching dolphins frolic off the Kona Inn!
qoute nicki minaj" i cant eat i-i-i--i i cant sleep i-i-i--i" SYKE! u bets belive imma eat AND sleep hella lot, .............#GUTTAH!
#RVA, did you enjoy the #BlackLove Fest just as much as we enjoyed you?
P.S. , you made fun of how I said "tour" while in Austin.. But you say tour the same way in the mail vlog... #notcoolbro >:(
Watching "Nurse Jackie" #Showtime Series
Friedrich doesn't even need to throw his fastball today, but he gets Crawford looking: 93 mph. 5 K's already.
Brought to you by , what a great product RT : Baylor better wake up or my bracket is screwed!
BUTTERCUPS ARE EVERYWHERE!!!
Baked and waked then baked again.
RT : .: "I don't think most people believe that this is the worst ad they've ever seen." that's a glowing...
Undetermined hosting environments present a fun opportunity to shift all templating to JavaScript and only rely on the server for JSON.
I'm sorry but was live tweeting Face/Off which means I had to retweet it all. I'm not actually sorry. Fuck you.
ok bro
wondering if the last year took five years off my life.
I've been waiting a month for some news. This week is the week!
Something is really wrong with artest
Tomorrow! #GYHAB Music Video! Who's ready? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
New owners of legendary punk venue CBGB will hold festival this summer and possibly re-open the club in the near future:...
heat vs. Knicks
That awkward moment when 's microwave is waaaayyy smarter than you.
Some new friends to check out #FF and
Dear social media gurus, ninjas, mavens and all others in marketing: Please retire the words "robust" and "leverage". That is all.
ADAM BUCHANAN at Chosen Models Chicago - Metrovelvet
just found out iam going to D.C October cnt wait
When you getting that pussy make sure to throw that leg up....like you drilling for oil lol you know you hit gold when she skee
Riding in #supershuttle from BWI to DC for #nafsaAD. Can't wait to hit the hill tomorrow in support of immigration reform
can't they just get him to sing an intro song or have him serve mimosas to Jessica Lange in her trailer?
You need a show, too, Gregg!!
RT : Did you know someone needs blood every seven seconds? That every pint of blood can save three lives?
All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom
that's such a pretty dress!
No never have
Sorry about the spammer that hit the forum :(
much better
Formal is friday, I should probably go find a dress?
Gotta say an have the coldest x pics ive seen on twitter so far...need more phat kiester trays tho
But I'm just tryn to help out u kno service the community
I have never heard of such a thing
#GOBRUMOS come on
you are still a handsome man, Mr. Warner. Mrs. Warner is a lucky woman!
it awesome bro first game this thursday bruh !! im so ready
Have a great weekend, ladies! #ChicagonistaLive was great this week!
Welcome to the team Joe Brostowicz and Brad Williams!!
Why do slow people think it's ok to drive in the fast lane?
RT : Great article that definitely speaks to the #B2BContentEvent - 4 Ways To Create Content People Care About...
Great beers and even better service, always at the Wild Duck!
No it isn't. You can't see crap there. Horrible sightlines.
yea they're both classics tho. This one just hurts your feelings more lmao
#w2s berkely guy is a great presenter. reminds me of larry lessig - cellscope on your cell phone - crazy!
Teachers don't have to be traditional or certified in order to be good. Adora Svitak at
#ImThatPersonWho is always down to party!
the fact that we live closer than expected...
RT : If you really knew me, you'd know that I do everything in my power to make people happy, even if I'm not.
15 actual days until graduation!!!!
Happy as a clam? Ya. I provide for you some prozac.
* A perfect freebie to end finals !!!
we've turned technology into a fetish. great educational outcomes come despite rather than because of it.
. sweet! Can't wait to see it. Glad the reviews are mostly positive.
What shall we problem solve now? World hunger?
Have a huge headache...im so not driving tonight..
False Expectations Appearing Real = FEAR
lol yeah for 30 days then summer session.
sometimes parents don't know what they deserve because they never had what they deserved either.
Just found I have the same bday as
Hi Aaron. Got your DM. TY RT : hello and sorry I am late!!
A smile can hide the truth, the mouth can whisper lies, but the eyes always reveal what's hidden below the surface!
Huzzah!! RT : Can I get a WOO HOO!?! We are officially at 101 rock stars on the membership wait list!
Thanks for your recommendation to use print2flash. It is perfect!
no clash. just beautifully melded flavors!
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way to announce events and provide mobile optimized web site links.
miserable cold. #cubs make me feel better.
My girlfriend and I want to father our children. He is so cute. 100% Lesbian Approved!
I'm going to finally enjoy spending a night goofing off with my neglected bf.
I may be a failure, thats all you'll ever see. But when the dust has settled you'll be so much less than me.
yay mayor bee... Oops I done stung myself.. Bye world!
My computer erased my entire itunes library. Here I come Spotify Premium 30 day trial.
Imma suspend these rules all day everyday!
PR Tip of the Day: Before calling a television reporter with a story, ask yourself, “Will anyone want to watch this?” www.RealNewsPR.com
the text I just got from domdom..-.- seriouslyy kidd!
I will be tweeting Honda LA Marathon times for Crispin Lazarit in real time on 3/20. Tracking provided by Time Warner Cable, Technology Part
Heat forward Chris Bosh will not play in 2nd half after suffering an abdominal strain.
Would love to talk to you about getting some film work done
Thanks to everyone who came out last night! Didn't even feel like work. <3
MT : Appreciate the honesty of saying JaMarcus Russell was highest rated player on Ravens draft board in 9 yrs
waiting forever for this lady to call me!
We know they are familiar with you, the internationally known WTO protester!
There are 4 coaches who’ve made a signif. difference in my life: Joel Maturi, , Susan K. Wehrley (),
“: getting april fooled<<<” love youu(:
I just finished mocking jay... Catching fire movie doesnt come out for another 1 1/2 years... What am I going to do with myself?
I'm just saying
I'm well thank you
#know12 : more mature financial approaches: understanding tech debt, cloud value mgmt, balanced scorecard, BI for IT, others
check out my website for more information about the undead, and how to survive - www.sandovalnation.webs.com
wanna join me? :D
yes u will <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Ha cool
Culture also play a part, in Haiti u deal with voodoo wells. In Africa men sleep under nets-even though kids are more at risk
Had to take a night off from retouching to work on my other business. Back to Photoshop tonight
Pizza rolls and chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream! The mother's day lunch of champions
Oh c'mon. You know it's true.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle "Robin Hood, Prince of Titties."
Thanks for the #ff Lou. Have a great weekend.
I love Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Mississippi, Ohio, Michigan, Atlanta, ....etc stay tuned for the roll call!...LOL
i want that job.... Except the fact that youd smell like fish shit every single day :P
There comes a point in your life when u realizes who REALLY matters, who NEVER did, and who ALWAYS will.
RT Startup #Meetup in Milwaukee this Wednesday! Learn about , , , & !
We got this! RT If it's raining in #SD.. rest assured the newsroom will be crazy!!Good thing and I make a killer team
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO THE LADY'S AND THE HOES LOL
How long are delays on the Red Line?
The newly renovated Mays High School.
Jealous! That looks SO good!
Thank god! Congrats! She's gotta some pretty bomb Aunt's lined up to teach her the ways of irritating Jake!
Breakfast Pizza, Almond filled Crepes Suzette! Brunch on the Patio. Brewers at 12:35, PRICELESS!!!! EAT LOCAL AND EAT WELL.
I know!! How could they miss that?!
America's judgement in talent is just sad. Sure these people have talent but they aren't the best
We thought it was pretty awesome ourselves.
of course, behind are some good folks at One Economy, but the contest also gives full rights to AT&T, for better and worse...
I do not know of this "government" you speak of... Tell me more.
one of the best songs ever!
The freemium model makes sense only when the marginal cost of serving free "customers" is close to $0.
OMG MY DAD GOT ME A SLINKY FOR CHRISTMAS!!!!!!! SO LAME!
Like why would ask me that???.
At this dance performance <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
": I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime. OMG best line evurrr!!!!" ...I posted those lyrics the other day... -.-
You know what would be really awesome? More food. #onedayI'llbereallyfat
My 10 year old is convinced that Adele set fire to her boyfriend.
imma try being here a lot ok lol so how was today ?
Working on some very exciting projects coming up in the near future!! Love it!!
Stress kills, sex heals.
You are stronger than you know
Elena can't find anyone to agree w/ how they should react to the Original family’s internal power struggle. #TVD is ALL NEW tonight @ 8!
:) how are you? Weird game, eh?!
Seen on stickK: someone committed to being nicer to others. Sounds like a great personal goal to us!
Things are getting CRAZY On DealShow.com
Nigga I got 22" on a mr softee truck
Yes. Definitely.
#EasterPart1---When Jesus stretched his hands out to be nailed, he was saying to us "I LOVE YOU THIS MUCH!"
#theShutterFoundry will have an open forum. What would you like to discuss?
Happy birthday mom, love u lots Enjoy your day.
Phew. Monday is almost over, you made it! Time to celebrate with
Bigger than Christmas for me. You good? RT was up how was y'all resurrection day? Hope it was nice
I like it that you're indirect. And send nuances they can't detect.
#JerseyShore oh yeah!
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places. He told me to quit going to those places.
: Is that the infamous hot dog truck?
I can finally see rated R movies by myself.
Today's Bucket is up with Day 2 of the Lindsay Saga. Hear it for yourself at theentertainmentbucket.com.you can listen to it on a smartphone
Great shot!!
thanks! I'll check them out!
Aesop Rock - Pigs
:) well send me your address and we will get one out to ya next week
Will do!!!
Where do you think I got my default picture from? xD
Thanks, Nioshi. I am deeply troubled when it comes to Trayvon and the aftermath.
I just told that there was cum in the kitchen
R.I.P. William, thanks for being an awesome betta fish these last 2 years.
Mrs. Robinson, you're trying to seduce me.
Left me for some dxck. But I can't blame her. lOl! GET THAT DXCK GIRL! ^_^
Sunday just got more amazing, returns to to discuss #Arsenal #ManUtd game w/
i love making girls happy :) *giggles*
we're dying to know -- where does the cat go while you're judging #TheVoice?
I'm still not sold on Bruce Harper... The kid will be in the club with Gilbert Arenas next week and be arrested by 21... Just wait
Use the promo code: LVDRocks to get 2 months free on LoveVoodoo...
lol! It's bad for u anyway!
so many
if her name was Mary.. You gotta!!!..lol..=D
Yes, of course I enjoy it. It is very beautiful there. It's good to see family and I have friends there as well. :)
Has follow you yet
click on where it says get code then go to your tumblr and click customize theme then go to 'edit HTML'
just did the weight routine -- hard! but i can't say enough, truly, about how much better i feel since starting this weight business.
Four reasons why a girl might stop texting you 1.you got boring 2.she fell asleep 3.she found someone else 4.you started responding with "K"
RT if you're hungry for some #FridayFishFry!
#JamesBaldwin: “Not everything that is faced can be changed. But nothing can be changed until it is faced.”
Needa bring me my stuff ,
Just had the best year rapping wise ever His mixtapes God's Father, #1 Bitch and The Basedprint 2
R.I.P. Dick Clark. There will never be another 'Rockin' Eve' quite the same as Dick Clark passed on at the age of 82.
Piece of garbage single story office building by the freeway
I don't want to go the grocery store, damn. Todays my only day off.
the ras clot secret weapon!
its annoying
We also have twitter pages for our products: , , and
Tomorrow at 1030 bring your fantastic 4 and 5 year olds to Fabulous 4's & 5's Storytime! It's so much fun!
I need some me time for a while....
We have to stop being the book lady - cas sandra barnett
Lucy in the sky with Skulls
- we know the feeling ;/
girl I miss you I graduate Sunday at MSU you need to be there
CMS Health Care #Innovation Challenge seeks to implement their innovation model within 6 months--expedited ramp up.
Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it. -Benjamin Franklin
You have no idea how happy that would make me.
That is the CUTEST profile picture EVER!!! What a beautiful child!!
awesome! just needs a little dusting :)
A woman is like a tea bag. She only knows her strength when put in hot water.
Steve Jobs helped change the world in more ways than one - as an Apple user & digital media pro, I'm sad to hear of his untimely passing.
Always laugh when you can. It is cheaper than medicine.
I'm getting all my family and friends to vote for you to do your next concert in London, <AB
dude, awesome. That is going to be a fantastic time!
seems to be doing the trick... So far
Everyone make a Zach Brown/Zac Brown Band joke. No one else thought of it yet. It'll be a riot.
haha I know you only met met me for a little but I like to play around. will I run into you around "the no" this weekend?
yep not Cutler has a target that he is familiar with again.
Time is getting limited for #NAMM if you want to me up, give us a buzz. Looking for more great partnerships in 2012!
Thanks for this, it's something I've always wondered.
Apparently been out of college too long: thought making that frozen pizza was a good idea. Results? I'll let you know after I find Tums
The Brewers front office at Maryvale looks pretty awesome though.
aight you got any beats ova there, my computer messed up
Good Morning everyone! Thanks to all the new followers of nobleproductline!!! Looking for acoustic foam for your studio????????
That's the best kind of book. I've kept both editions (1991 and 2008) on my shelf. Katz's work on those eds. is just great.
Five likes away from 200.
Wait....eventually I am going to go downtown and there will be like......20 people on Georgia.......weird.
Ugh . okay thats how it is Nigaaaaaaaa ! i see how it is now . ohkay i was gonna ask my mama to atleast try to fix fb but no
Still trying to find my way thru Law School!
The MT! family is slowly waking up this morning. First day of the #endoftheworldrap-tour. Looking at you Lawton, OK!
Curious: who is your favorite writer, skill-wise?
In ever field day picture my mom took I look dead..
Tigers> Yankees
damn girl! you're amazing!!
Don't underestimate a humble beginning ....
Academics are often ignorant of the discipline right next door.
And though my heart is torn I'll praise you in this storm
Wow radically different battle plans between Kyle and Augie. Both have sound reasoning. Guess it's up to execution. Exciting.
I want to go on a picnik
I'll add: don't be limited by fear. The fear in people's heads holds many back. Playing it safe doesn't make dreams come true.
Most people text when they get drunk... I'm pretty sure instagrams when he's drunk. Hahah
Lmao I have no problem with that.
Don't forget to bookmark this page - or add our Quote of the Day on your site or blog
hahahahha I was honestly wondering what the fuck you were talking about for a second haha
That movie is why my girlie friends and i cant go to vegas for my birthday..hubby says "NO". :( sad...lol
Since the Packers are playing the Seachickens this year, who is coming out here?!?!
Feel sorry for because of all the callers they're about to get who don't know about the statewide tornado drill
is a loser and can't stay up past 10 pm.
OK, it's definitely Evans. Crap.
Few more days until our Quad musical stylings! Come out to on Nov 1st!
Creepin from one group of friends to the next is something I do not trust.
dude, come back to LA!
RT : The December issue is posted online! Peruse December articles on the magazine page, or in our digital issue!......
Nothing will make me great. Only I can do that.
I just hope hope you don't use "methinks" in your inaugural review. [Reply is 19 hours late and he's not following me anyway.]
hahah did i tell you i went to the hospital today??
like the price is right.
Coming home to a home cooked meal>>>
being stuck in work w/o live stream, these bullet points are really helfpul! Cheers!
I just feel like a huge joke...
#OVOportland was phenomenal!
Hoes dont need no attention or love. Give em a place to stay fa the night, some green atleast a dub, and they'll be ready to fuk
hey baby......please follow me :) please
in Albany doing a great job of rerouting & keeping passengers informed after a cancelled flight to BWI.
Enjoying the company of others. Wknd was crazy! Malibu, cheviot hills, santa monica, long beach, and finally hermosa beach
Whoever came up with bubble gum coated in hard candy is a genius.m blow pops
Has anyone done an elimination diet to determine food intolerances and allergies? Any tips or insights? #elimination diet
Surprise sex ;)
i watched a grown man pick his nose and eat his booger today. and he didn't even seem to care that i saw.
Imma say this right now, Heat fans were mute all night...bet cats come out soon.
Last Monday before the break... CAN'T WAIT!!!
Need a few moments of peace in your day? Join us at noon each Wed for a 20 min meditative prayer service.. directions:...
whats Y.O.L.O. to a buddhist
I haven't woken up at 5:30 in a long time.
next show, the scene aesthetic =] sept. 12th with alot more tba
Ah! Beauty and Simplicity - What were we all doing in the era before responsive design?
yeah, unless it's some completely new character...but i think its her :)
I can already tell hoe this day is going to go. It just better not be like last Friday..
clearly, you don't understand how obsessed people are with LOLCats. "I am in your Android, cuting all the iconz"
RT : PLEASE call the Supreme Court NOW and tell them to give Troy Davis a stay of execution: 202-479-3000
Focus on where you want to go, not on what you fear. -Anthony Robbins
Thanks man! Glad you liked it! The best is still to come! - The Storm
Hey #SLPeeps, check out now $10 OFF on the App Store for this weekend only! #AppyHolidays folks
Get in your last minute requests for tomorrows request only episode of the #patCAST!
I'm sorry but do people dance like this at weddings? This choreography doesn't like me at all.
No way to eliminate creepers.
Ashley doesn't have her license?
Did I see UW-Fox Valley was named Coach of the Year for the 3rd straight year? 70-10 record last 3 years...
Awesomeness runs through my bloodstream
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.
" I may sparkle Honey, but you shine. "
Dang Joe Paterno just passed. :(
ahah lol yeah;) Its some challenge thing;) You're gonna come up pretty soon!<3 x
“Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it.” - Unknown
Ushered in the new year singing Holiday in Cambodia on RockBand 3. All is right in the world.
Thx for the follow (:
How's everyone doing?!!
the only thing we all learned from mitt romneys taxes that we didn't already know...his real name is willard. who knew...
LYSM too princess' <U+2665> <U+2665>
People who dress nice during this weather are just hurting themselves. I'm the most comfortable person here.
today's been great! (:
Gonna watch some Degrassi reruns with my little bro...this might be kinda awk :L
happy friday to :] love you baby girl. #ff xx
BrianEZimmermanCom's webcam video January 17, 2011, 08:19 AM - BrianEZimmermanCom's webcam video J.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
yes I did chauni... Like 2 weeks ago .... Sad story
Asdfghjkl. Horrible day.
I find it very hard to resist freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. If near they have a tendency to being eaten. Okay. Just this one.
Yo! If you're at South By Southwest in Austin come down to Opals Divine Freehouse 700 W 6th Drive! Sick bands all day we play at 1pm.
uh, I'll hope for you very hard! hey did you read the first wave? 10+k?
I get ADD in meetings over 20 minutes....
What's your name? Who's your daddy? Is he rich like me? Has he taken any time to show you what you need to live? #Idol #Phillip^2
Thanks for the RT! So appreciate it!
" There are some men in this world who were born to do our unpleasant jobs for us." To Kill a Mocking Bird, P 215
#MyCelebCrushIs aaliyah R.I.p beautiful i could never forget yourr face =/.
Noisy red-crowned Amazons cleaning out cavities in palm last night - until crow menaced. One pooped on my head. Aww.
I predict 2 very good fights! We win no matter who get's their arm raised in victory.
This is why I endorse the Leonard Shelby solution: Never read your email
Anyone at the St. Pat's parade downtown? Show us your pics!
July 28,2010 the day me and Justin Bieber breathed the same air
What fits your busy schedule better, exercising one hour a day or being dead 24 hours a day? ~ Randy Glasbergen
New Years Eve!! Preparing to party today!
Heading into this Rep audition.
": ": Give me sum Dim Sum w/ "///shhhh. My wife might find out" She'll be alright. ;)
Everything is hitting me all at once... Israel, college, Ana moving back to Brazil... what a weird combination of emotions all at once. Ah
You're no longer just a memory
above all them wars.
Daniel Day Lewis isn't in enough films.
Eeeesh that's the worst. Shitty.
ha I'll bring you a trophy next time I see you #probablywonthappenthough ...GOOD LUCK THIS WEEKEND!!
I could go for a snow cone right about now.
Hello Guys
Great hike! Absolutely looking forward to my trip, too! We're leaving 5/30, camping 2 nights at BA and one at Cottonwood.
Six-year-old Abbigail Heisler, who lives in Artesia, cut off 11 inches of her hair for Locks of Love—to make wigs for children with no hair.
Things I don't expect - a SA Warhammer 40k thread erupts into baby photos. Fine, internet. You win.
Of course it's going to rain when we have school.. I want to wear cute outfits
Dear Drake, are you drunk right now? Sincerely, curious.
hot*pop @ 213 Broadway in the Third Ward! Huge group show hanging for one more week. Tons of great stuff.
I just found out about Cheap Damage at a con this weekend. Great work man! I also love to buy defunct card games.
could you please follow me
I've been waiting for this for 2 years and now that you're here I can't do it.
yes we are!
Wen you're tracher tells the class he use to be a pothead and start talking about all them Drugs o.o LOL
Composer Mark-Anthony Turnage swaps the concert hall for a category B jail with the premiere of a work written and performed with prisoners.
oh I'm sure they will
Hammond's Candies' new PB&J Chocolate Bar just won Most Innovative Chocolate product at
I can't really explain it im so into you now wanna be more then a friend to you now
On plane bound for Honolulu. I get to spend 8 hrs. seated next to an old man that smells of mothballs.
Al Green is pretty much the soundtrack for today.
Awesome! I've been in Redding, Ca for the last few months going to school... no clue yet where next.
how do I sign up to volunteer or work events in Orlando?
Eustress: stress that is healthful and the stimulus for growth.....
My brain is on vacay.
Spring Training is in the air in Arizona. Which baseball team is your favorite?
I like these guys who have drawn Finnish flags on their jumpsuits.
Dear Rae Lynn, close your mouth and legs, I'm offended. Also, I know you're from the country but here in the big city we change clothes.
Yeah looked my algebra and just decided it would be in my best interest to just close the book
RT : Tim Tebow and the Broncos' OT win over the Steelers means 's new favorite dish is crow!
By the way, Go Badgers & Golden Eagles!
yes but we'll have another during next week's game. please try again!
At work by myself yaaaay
Your Weird But Not Grand
i'm not allowed to tell -- it would mark me as the nerdiest person you knew. also, B&N would GET YOU.
We use #prediction markets to #crowdsource presidential election winners...what if we use them to identify #talent deep in org?
I stand with Walker....like reading u Tom!
too long to write. I'm trying to find you a link.
Seeking a Records Manager in #NJ with DARM experience. Contact me for details!
meaning? You're gonna be like a spider and stalk me?
I was just curious. Seems to hit a nerve with a lot of people. My child bearing years are behind me so no creepy u/s pics from me.
"Ur dreams are ur paints, the world is ur canvas. Believing, is the brush that converts ur dreams into a masterpiece of reality.”— Unknown
the day looks so nice ! to bad im gonna be stuck at work till nine thirty -.- atleast today is PAYDAY! :D
How fucking sweet of you
Shut The Fuck UP!
Toga-filled home video #pimplefacedshame from - "I have a perfect bed for you. It fits everyone perfect."
...Phil & Joba been unsuccessful with the whole try to be a starter thing so...<Let MR PHELPS be...chg cud mess him up too...
my vanilla milkshake at American City Diner.
"PRINCE! GET SOME MINTS, PRINCE!" (the hashtag Don Lily Approves needs to be a thing, because it's awesome.)
have a great visit!
Thank you for the wise words! Be well.
You are right… it is Super Dave! Funniest thing about that dude, his real last name is Einstein. heh.
Free WIFI and I don't see any monochrome monitors. Austin Municipal court is getting all modern.
May you live every day of your life. Jonathan Swift
first flight: 26 min
Thankfully 's JV girls basketball team won tonight. Made up for the tanking it in Dallas.
marsh creek
I think (hope) he was on a bender with Lawrence Tierney.
Have a blessed ash Wednesday ! I'm in nyc by the way.
Hey, somebody's gotta set the standard, right?
How is someone more talkative and interesting through texts but when it comes to talking, theyre #blah ...
been hot here too high 92 sent you a Dm.
Spring hopes eternal. Happy Opening Day.
Never mistake my silence for weakness. . . No one smart tells their plans out loud.
Now I know, and knowing is half the battle ...
it's called fossil farms by walmart kinda
We have a new OpenVPN(SSL) server ready - vpn-sw2 server in Amsterdam. It's available in your customer area now.
so whenever I don't work a billion hours I'm visiting Nathan.
party tonight was on point..wish I could've stayed until the end but the ride home seems longer at 4am!! congrats fellas...
Quitting is like that band that no one used to follow and now everyone does.
My mom left me in the car eating McDonald's listening to Mb cd
I'm good what are you doing for st.valentines day. Me I'm spending alone just as I have for 4 years in a row.
Congratulations! Must see #ACrossToBear on ~ Solomon
nigga cryin bout it. Even though he landed that shit!
Have you TRIED our cake pops yet??? Yep, gonna keep talkin about em until you do....... :)
I'll drink to that. Having some Pinot Grigio. Early Sunday supper in my Midwest home.
Happy Mothers Day
Hello, Indiana Iron Skillet!
I'm at the park & the BBQ smells are driving me crazy!
in Florida at the Seminole Hard Rock Casino tonight. Can't wait for the VIP meet and greet
...actually, now that I think about it, I have 2 published poems. The other has to do with me eating an orange.
and u know this, man
Its dark outside, my eyes were closed, and twitter was in my face
got a problem? take a bath
Band rehearsal was AMAZZIIING last night. I'm getting so excited about our show September 1st @ Viper Room. BE THERE!!!!
Wisconsin black girls traumatized my perspective
I think it would be cool to be a "mechanic"
Of course, I miss u guys:-)
Maybe it's just me.. but I can't look at my teacher in the eyes.. so damn creepy.
If I have Mrs.Foster next year, I will honestly kill myself.
im chilling i just want to know
Why are my students obsessed with the Dougie beat, such that they must drum it on any available surface? Why is it the only beat they know?
choiroffuries I've just been looking at beer from tesco's, Corona is on offer till tomorrow which is the same for most of the deals!
good to have u there RT : #vol2012 - learning about health care from Chicago Obama HQ -
it is the best at their show for that!!
Harrison in for Youngs
I took out my extensions guys. C:
Last night I went to bed hungry..I dreamed I was eating m&m's.. but when I woke up my teddy bear was missin his eyes!
did u see it??
ok, if nothing else, come over to the house sometime and watch shitty tv at 1am. But let us know if you do something tomorrow!
I've met more science majors in the past 3 days than I have in the past 3 years.
In Soviet Russia Santa Claus sits on you.
I want to be the girl that you give your to jacket to when it's cold, the one that you tell your friends "That's my girl." <3
thanks. Looks under control
What do you mean?
I really feel bad for the folks who didn't stay past the credits for the Avengers. I mean it's a Marvel film, don't you know the drill?
Thanks for the response, enjoyed the panel tonight at V Lounge.
Congratulations, France!
Going to lock myself inside to edit on this beautiful sunny LA day.
spent 3 hours at home this weekend, total need sleep
Bettah Have My Money
You know it buddy! Keep your eyes peeled.
FYI thousands of Chinese youth train in large Kung Fu schools because they want to be the next Jackie Chan and bring great honor to China
$12.00 Tuesday is here!! Get Unlimited Golf + 40 Tokens for the Arcade. Upgrade to Unlimited Rides for only $5.00 More!!!!!
thanks for the taxi ride to the airport! definitely recommended!
Lol naw idk how randall got that info foreal like I remember the psn name but I don't know if I said it or not y
I pray that everyone had a wonderful Christmas.
besides these allergies kicking my ass, pretty well!
Just got game of thrones for kindle!
Happy Friday! New all red wine tasting kicks off today with 3 CA & 1 Oregon wine. New wines open today with happy hour until 7pm. Enjoy.
Would you ever follow me even if I'm a guy??
Who's going to today!?
just got a HORRIBLE nose bleed! </3 when I see see blood I want to pass out!
If I remember, I don't think we had bad weather game last year. Most of the games had nice weather, lots of sunny days. Who needs a dome
Sorry I couldn't make it to #SSL2012 say hi to
thanks 4 follow stud
All bus-related sarcasm aside, whaddawe gotta do to get miss jing down here? ONE OF US. ONE OF US.
tired as fudge! good-night yalll :) xx
that's nice <3
Agreed! Let the brand managers control the platform elements
75 percent of Japanese women own vibrators. The global average is 47 percent.
So much fun. Also, thanks for the MeFi account. I need to hurry up and graduate so I can spend more time there.
Need some last minute gifts? Give me a call & we'll make you something special! 303-454-8844
sign me up!
yes, i love it here :)
Stop what your doing, follow this moment and tweet #GetEbenTo15k atleast once! Gotta support my main man :P haha
The honour is all mine! You're amazing. I feel very fortunate.
flipping through the channels last night...found the ACM Awards...throw a rock through my TV set...my god...modern country sucks!
2 Days Until #MLB Opens up the #2012Season!! We have big things coming up with our app.
RT : Actually if I reach 2000 Followers by midnight I'll keep BONGing | PLEASE UNC friends! The bell tower gives me such joy!
We all made it to Normal Illinois safe and give thanks, Heartland Community College here we come!
Does everyone believe in love?
Thanks for the RT of my RT! Dr. is Texas' New Physician delegate. New to Twitter, but a seasoned leader!
Did anybody see that news story about the rhino poaching problem last night?
Needs to get busy on Twitter!
I'm ready when you're ready . Let's go (:
Are you ever coming back to MIA?
first girl I've ever known to admit that
advice from my cousin dawn, one of the wisest people i know: "just be there".
feeling great and you?!! Come visit sandiego
making amber a twitter. <U+2764> #iloveher!
also getting 5-8 pairs of cavs on saturday
This TCU/baylor game is sick
Get your copy of Employee Development on a Shoestring signed this afternoon 5:45-6:15 at the #astd2012 bookstore. Looking fwd 2 connecting!
okay so let me just tell you that Looking for Alaska made me literally sob for days.
where is when you need him the most :'(
DON'T TELL ME THESE THINGS, SIGNE.
love you
Hi sorry we're so late to answer. We're no longer on the hunt for python programmers, but thank you for your interest.
I kind of love oatmeal. Is that what "gruel" is? Because, if it is, I would be happy to eat gruel every morning.
Absolutely, will look for your DM! We love Atlanta too! :) Where are you from?
ok well call me so we can talk
Just finished w/group of MS students in OH. One girl is writing songs and formed a band to get the word out about Belonging. She's a Hero.
ooc; Dm'd you. Dragging too much attention.
Looking for some informational resources for an upstart church. Any one got a lead?
This weekend I'm just trying to chill go to the movies n make this money
So close on the first single being finished! Anyone want to hear it early? Check yes if you think it's so damn good - check no if yes.
The day we see the truth and cease to speak is the day we begin to die. Martin Luther King #occupywallstreet RT
when it starts getting hot outside & people start acting a fool
My little nephew he's like 1 my sister said he was planking :D
It helps to hear it every time. Keeps me reminded that I can overcome obstacles!
can you teach me how to dougie?? :)
Bout to chief one, then set up diz laptop my girl got me for my birthday!!!
Need my daily tooasst..
Book lovers never go to bed alone. - Anonymous
Good morning Philly, #Kayuhbicycles will be at Temple University's Spring Fling flea market event from 11am to 4pm today. YEAH!!
We've got a great giveaway for our 100th follower... and for our first! But no mention of the prizes 'till we hit 100...
yeah well, im crossing my fingers
Ohh and pictures don't lie. & several eyewitness accts who don't know each other don't just make up the same story either..
When I began my morning prayers about 3 years ago with I had no idea they would grow into what they've become.
The Academy Award goes to...
HOW I"M SUPPOSE TO FILL WHEN THE PRESIDENT SPOKE, HE AIN"T NEVER HAVE 2 STRUGGLE, HE AIN"T NEVER BEEN BROKE, AINT NEVER RODE THRU THE GHETT
Whaddup big bro!!
In hair and makeup w/ James and Emily! My hair almost burned!
Having to say my final goodbyes really sucks balls!!!
Glad to meet you!!! Happy holidays! :-)
Good to see Martin having a good game.
I love my girlfriend . She deserves a big ring!!!!
Congrats Dan!
i miss the grind :(
I love so so so much!!!!!! My hero <3 Its my dream to meet him and has been for the past 4 years!!
#imjustinrose...espn. I feel something special, today will be a great day for
just did </3
My old iPhone be on that shit. Trying to listen to it on the bose but it's being a real douchebag.. to the highest degree of douchebaggery.
taco bell is Gods gift to mankind
Baseball at its purest.
How do you convince yourself to do something you were told not to do.
38 degrees in Beaverton right now...
We know you're ready, sir! See you on 4/14?
It's #Friday! What are your plans for the weekend?
WORK: heading to a local basement to get familiarized with a 1" IVC video deck that might just unlock charlottesville cable access history
thank you :) that's nice to say
who calls people anymore!?
because you are awesome
I can't believe that -- and did you notice it's made by a stationery company?
pepe needs a hug
consider me a Stoli on this one as I don't do either of those things.
- Very cool! As in, you guys put it on? Or, 1st you went to?
the image he displays for most to see and how he is as a person... He is the worst man. I enjoy his music, but fuck him.
Time to get my drink on. Hopefully I can stick around the bar to watch most of the tribe game.
breathing fire like a dragon.
lol I figured as much. U heading back to NoNiggaVille tonight? Lol
do you ever wish you could still talk to the evil people's grandchild?
it'll be in July but I'll have some firm dates nailed down soon & let you know!
I live 5 minutes from now....mayb il get get to see him more, ive missed him dearly
hope you slept well, ad enjoy the rest of your day sweetheart. Blessings
Just over an hour left to get your application in for 2012 accelerator. Deadline is today at noon EST.
Enough of John Bale and Phillip Stubbes... It's time for Escape from New York--which, inexplicably, I've never seen.
Nice! No, sadly I'm missing that last week (I'm helping Mike Widener with a workshop at the Amer. Asso. of Law Librarians)
Snow in the northeast, great for watching the games...
Based on "bios," Tom is less of a $$ drain: $1K+ a mo.!!! (*sizzle sound*) vs. gluttonous speedeater.
Prayers for everyone at Western Psych. I graduated with a few nurses who work there.
you right
Hey , how are you supposed to change your email on a new account when you make a mistake? There is no way to confirm your account.
Well, that's reassuring.
I usually go to the middle school
the minibosses just came up on a king crimson pandora station. how unexpected
Cluttered desk? You could be spending an average of 1 1/2 hrs being distracted by things. That's approximately 7 1/2 hrs per work week.
I miss glitter glue.
Never been to Sweden either. Much to see! We have islands on our agenda this year. Gotta love the beach!
I was thinking of just that one!
One more hour :D
Dear offense, pay attention to defense for tips on how to catch the ball
Yum! Where? RT : Oh no. Yatz has opened a new location in Carmel.
lol you listen to that to much.
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas
Watching The 10 Commandments from start to finish.
GOOD TO BAISED, THANK YOU
Thanks for the honest critique. It is a big issue, I'm thinking hard on how to solve it and looking for the right data.
New segment today on called Poker Roulette. Think ChatRoulette with a poker pro but without the penises.
you can shit on 58% of them at least, regardless of where you've lived.
fine forget you then -.-
TODAY 11-2 RAIN OR SHINE Lunchtime Food Truck Gathering. #HHDSD - Trucks:
AMBER WE BOTH REPLY TO THE SAME PEOPLE LOL
nah I'm good
Who else thinks that, well, Austin looks older without braces
Squeeze in the second inning? Really?
Too busy to care about #prayforjapan. I'm trying to figure out which employee to make cry today.
I'm actually sick
I saw that too!
looks cute in his twitcon. (':
#team83 is the center of the Oregon Duck fan universe on my TL. Is there a parallel Duck fan universe I don't know about?
I completely agree. "Discovery" I think diminishes the overall value.
Moving again...that means new friends,new people,new place...O-well -.-
I'm Fenna Smash This Fish And Chicken + Tropical Punch Kool Aid Doe !
Hill Harper is a modern day renaissance man & speaks out against mass incarceration in his new book.
Any song requests for tonight's show folks?
One more game comin up in a lil less than an hour, trying to be #3-0 on the day!
Host your next private luncheon overlooking milwaukees skyline. .
In Wycombe shopping with my cousin :).
remember that one time that you tweeted? Ya... That was fun.
i been good jus got back home from school last friday.
"A risk with an assured outcome is not a risk. That is simply you playing small in your life." ~ Katherine Woodward Thomas
my pleasure!!:D
impressed by at #CT #Comm_College econ summit. "economic reality means tough questions about #college mission" risky for access
#confession i think im falling :) in a gud way :P
That shouldn't have even remotely been considered an alternative to our final haha
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw the process provides opportunity to negotiate marital and post-nuptial agreements.
Fi/T (G) = M Focused intensity over time multiplied by God equals unstoppable momentum - Dave Ramsey
True. But Brees knows Payton's system. Payton was the brains, but as long as Brees is healthy its the same system.
But anyways lunch time in 10 mins go get me sum McDeath LOL and relax todays a melo day for me in my Rick Ross mode
I've finally gone through the change. I had no idea of how to do a directory listing in Windows, but I do it in Linux all the time.
I will agree that it was unjust that you missed it while certain eastern conf teams got in. But that's all I'm giving you.
It's too bad #TeamCeelo is so stocked! I want them both to make it.
Most adorable girl talking about science and Girl Scouts at Council.
When I turn 16, Justin will be 17 for a solid 4 months. Fuck. Yes. Bitches.
Great night with and a whole table of smart cool people. Thanks for a great evening folks!
oh man! (Melissa blushing)
Met two interns from Germany and first thing they said to me in their very thick accents.. "You guys know how to drink" What a compliment.
RT Diet: a real struggle to keep on track, hard to understand why scoff stuff, think I need more exercise to keep this going.
Aleem Walji of the is the star of this show at #techatstate. Saying important stuff
BEFORE I SELF DESTRUCT,THE MOVIE BY 50 CENT. IT'S A GOOD MOVIE TO CHECK OUT.
can't wait to see you at #ALA12 in June!
We will be Re-Launching the last Sunday of this month. 6pm-10pm 5$ donation to get in! Come experience a great event in Chicago.
Wait until the kids discover they can use an aerosole to get drunk quicker.
how u doing tosh!?
Home from the gym ! Gonna eat and than relax before bed !
Backwash is straight up nasty! Save yourself the yuck and stock up on #Tampico20oz!
I'm kidding you're fake tan rubbed off on me ahahahahaahah!
Her hat is a creation that will never go out of style. It will look ridiculous year after year. ~ Fred Allen
5 Bizarre Souvenirs I Brought Back From Vietnam: It should make me think of the place I went to or of something that happened on the ...
MY BITCH SUCK DICK LIKE SHE SUCKS DICK MY BITCH SUCK DICK LIKE SHE SUCKS DICK MY BITCH SUCK DICK LIKE SHE SUCKS DICK MY BITCH SUCK DICK.
lol naht even rahn. plus I have me a man already :*
Smothers Day?
#2011ICONicMemories "what do you do before you go to bed?" *LAUGHS*
Hey Brad, whats new at Fathom?
I agree with thiss
#winning RT : IT'S MIDNIGHT! this means it's now one digit until !
Milk is a fool hahaha
RT “: There's nothing I want more than to have my Daddy back.”
Hard to believe we only have 40 mins left w/ this team. Hope we finish up a great yr by bringing home number 8. Win or lose its been amazing
Finally convinced Jen to watch the movie "Sleepers" with me after nearly 3 years of building it up. It's extremely underrated and a classic.
Here I am! Now what are your other two wishes?
If they made a fathead of me doing the heisman stiff arm theyd probably sell three of 'em.. mom gramma & that psychogirl who wont go away..
yes, yes I would.
Also a bunch of us are going to go see the Philly LTYM - on Friday evening May11th, if you're avail for that one.
Unfortunately some do ": Do "Dear John" letters come in the form of a text??"
which decade?
Senior HR Generalist needed ASAP! $65K salary, 5+ yrs exp, Bachelor's degree req. For more info, give us a call today!
I think he's content that the team won and that he makes $24 million to be awesome.
the press avoids mentioning his lying. RT“: mitt romney is avoiding the press”
I thought it was terrible, but really liked it. There were a few twists.
'twas a pleasure seeing today. Tried and loved it!
My cell phone is red, Facebook is blue, no mutual friends, who the hell are you?
very nice!!
you're making me blush! How is Hawaii?
I was not a sports fan, but really enjoyed his take. Politics...not so much.
@@ Skypes with their boyfriend that's dumb@@@
harry im crying please dont leave one direction!
We are on comedy central right now!
Apparently getting drunk & making out with several people in one night when you're thirteen is cool. LOL People are dumb.
Serious sporadic wind here, + mild thunder ~38th/red river. Loving your weather updates, btw :)
< wouldn't a way to balance budget be to eliminate perks for past house and senate members that common citizens don't have?
happy birthday to <33 miss you! xo
The panel is now reviewing application #120002 for South Hancock County Community School Corporation.
thinking about you! Feel better soon and get back to #lex !
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.~The Dalai Lama
I heard there is are scholarship opportunities for Greenbuild 2013. Where can I find more info?
peanut butter jelly time. It gets weird. Quick.
It's getting cold so I'm trying hot water in my nalgene bottle in the bed.
Someone just asked me "Whats going on?".. I said "HAIL if i know"
Baseball fan who recently moved to Denver. Is the same as ?
hit me on the left coast bro
Getting ready for the ZOO campout. Leaving this afternoon with 85 7th grade students. The animals at the zoo should enjoy watching us!
2 Grills. That is all.
I wish lived near me! I have a feeling we'd get along really well! :D
I'm really from Ohio
Working on the show for tomorrow night at 8 ET. All shows in December will be a year in review of new tunes played on the show!
Pearly whites showing right now lol big time. :D
: You should submit an Over the Rainbow video for us. Maybe can accomp. on chainsaw.
I'm capable of, and have done, so much better. But still, I love Twitter and getting recognition is nice. Thanks again!
So I'm Guessin Ur A Detective Now Mom.
Pool party at my house. Text me.
Tomorrow FIRST DAY AT UNIVERSITY SO SO EXCITED! :D
Happy Birthday ! Hope you're having fun in the sun and enjoying the vacay :)
Was it the SERIES finale?
you should post more songs/covers on youtube!
I'm so fucking annoyed today , so that's just warning .
Thanks! Its a really fun race. Training isn't much different than doing only a Full, just include a few back-2-back long runs.
Straight awesome sauce. RT : You know what's awesome??? The fact that we are hosting 500+ people on campus today!!!
If you want or like to party in Vegas, get at me!
Fine w.me if hedge funds & banks have to pay for a pricey annual survey.They've proven they can't self-regulate or define ethics
Beautiful day 60's n january wooohoooo!!!
Yes I am Curtis
I could swear somebody just signed off that scrum call by saying, 'later nerds'.
damn. Ill be staying in Colorado over xmas. Come out and visit man! Well go skiing or drink and watch people ski or freestyle
If I one upped you seven times, would it bring you a crisp, refreshing, citrus taste?
Thanks for the RT.
I got a car!! When are you done with school? I have Wednesday the 2nd off...
Burgers and shakes from on Saturday! What about you guys? RT : What are you most excited to eat this weekend?
Now Following follow back :D nd dnt be a stranger hmu anytime
I dont think so cause she was looking for the book and someone walked in in the hallway. I will double check for you
Morning all! Fresh start! Remember to put yourself first, whilst still being considerate to others!
Ryan, the logistics would be insane but let's do it.
i just told her to stfu already & to stop judging me & she stayed quite lol c:
Up late working on music for a Mother's Day Gig in Chicago!
Tech & Soc- Robotics: Shadow Robot manufactures a device that includes fingernails. This robot is used to defuse bombs.
I love gigs that make you feel like you're on vacation. Heading back to Minnesota tonight.
I went to CC, but I actually grew up in Arvada Co why do you ask?
Do you ever go through phases when you can't type for shit on your smartphone?
NMPhilharmonic thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
On your couch that thankfully fit through the door? ;-)RT You know what? Hanging out in my own apartment is totally awesome.
Greetings Mike; Have you been to our #MLK TOD or spent anytime w/ our #community partners there?
In Pontificalibus => In the proper vestments of a pope or cardinal
FINALLY FRIDAY, PARTY PEOPLE!! If you're lucky enough not to be working today...we'll be serving up 2 for 1 beverages all day!
You didnt even know who Josh Hutcherson was before I told you, now you're in live with him. And Audrey Hepburn? You can't even say her name
Hi Rymo! Good to see you on here! :)
Blow out Sale ------> 20% to 50% Off on Designer Fragrances. In Southridge Mall Upper Level By Sears.
good luck with our contest!
#ThoughtsAtWalMart This is a multi-million dollar industry, why do they have shitty-ass carts?!
The emerging economies have been exploding since the 1990s.
Text me love!
The Secret History of Mongol Queens: Please join us by Tweeting a recently finished book! Or something you're reading now.
RT : What does #AdvanceNow mean for business? Find out 2/29 at Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce's Eggs & Issues. Register...
will we see you tonight?
what up Herve?
what fan fiction
So my Bentley had to get serviced today & they only offered me 3 choices of champagne w. the loaner car. Sniff.
#thingsmymothersays "It's just a game...are they paying you to watch it?" haha she never understands
Hoping Clippers end it tonight so #Spurs get back to action. I need to make a date for the Championship River Parade soon.
Ugh so many memories made on the welcome to paradise tour. BABY COME BACK
Anybody else have emails bounce back on Friday and the weekend? Thirty of mine did and IT says it was external. Harrumph.
whoooohoooo CANT wait for "KeNDRa" this weekend!!!
def want to adopt but not sure how the breed bans are in LA. Old roommates had pitt mix who I LOVED & miss everyday!
“: Stop to help some lady that had a car accident on 64 no Im blocked in”
during happy hour you get 15 wings for $8....
Thanks :) I love that u follow random fans and im ecstatic that I'm on of them Please notice me :3
que onda nancy como has estado
For serious. So ugly.
That's awesome!! I've read a lot about dogs in prison but this is the first time I've seen something specific about cats.
Just returned from the Celebration of Dick Elwell's life. What an amazing person. Makes me realize how lucky we live Hawaii!
lol are my tweets still sent to ur phone?
Thank You!!!!
advil rest ice then heat good luck!
you're currazy girll! I miss ya let's go out
M83 - "Reunion" Trust me :)
Just found out Bmth new album title It's pretty good
hi Britney how are u
I don't think you can do better for utterly beautiful design than a Packard.
On to #ohdc part 2, "Open Source Hardware for Fun and Profit." feat. and Leah Buechley (MIT, LilyPad)
Any potential release dates for the game you're working on?
OKC playing like its a aau game. Relaxed running and gunning.
Hmm. Maybe "Violet" works!
All eyes on me!! I feel like I'm the new kid
TY for the Shout Out !
Not all powerful women can be as well-rounded as you!
MON Lunch Soup Special: Creamy Tomato Soup with Crumbled Sonoma Goat Cheese & Infused Chive Oil
BELOW THE BRIM needs to know a Drupal Developer... I want a new theme...
A piece of me broke when I realized you talk to everyone like that.”
“: Things I do when I have to study: 1% = Study. 99% = Tell people I have to study.” I immediatly think if zig
Wait.. CU has a sports team that actually wins?
words to live by... you have got to enjoy your life..
thats john legend song "ordinary People"
senior ones are not going in until Thursday... the 60 I refer to are the juniors...
are you a #femaleSinger in #chicago #music ? Contact me..I got an idea!!!
lol, at least we keep someone entertained
Happy Birthday to my #1 fan !
currently developing innovative office pranks
Thanks again to all for the Birthday wishes!
Not a lot of sustained offensive zone time for Washington yet. That might need to change. Just a thought.
THIS IS THE OFFICAL PAGE! PLEASE STAY ON THIS PAGE AND NOT THE OTHER ONES!(:
I do believe #marketdays will be done again if not
#drunksgoacoustic Show just added March 13 in Tempe, AZ. at Fort Wonderlust.
Good for him. He does a fantastic job.
Picked up some Stinkin' Good Green Chile today. Can't wait to try it tomorrow!
This thunder is loud
the picture of that wild pair shoe. Was that online
For Design & International recruitment in the games industry contact .uk or .uk
I hope I didn't come of like that. Your insights are appreciated! Keep it up! I never say things on here I wouldn't in person.
I hate how rude people are in NYC. I am so glad to be getting out of here soon
Can't wait to see you!
really enjoying your work sir!
Dramatic home video captures the moments after an El Cajon Police sergeant shoots a suspicious man.
I just shrieked. AHH! Tyler tweeted me! <33 Fangirling in class!
Text 7 to 97979 to save
its because we had a drought last year but winter gets to about 20° sometimes down in the single digits, and summers are..
Should I squish this spider, It problaby has parents...
Haha oh damn were going to southlands
The best relationships are faithful relationships
In front of you, wait, let line drive go through, halfway on a fly, go behind you on the ground.
... Does my voice sound more angry? or does it sound more mad? How does the tone sound?
aw. good morning niall is trending <3
#fridayreads (print) Jacob Have I Loved by Katherine Patterson (part of my quest to read all Newbery winners)
Gonna have a four day weekend starting Thursday! Thank you NATO!
Take shelter in Forney right now. Tornado reported on the ground. Large hail in Heath, Rockwall.
I hate waking up at someone's house when no one else is up... I just lay here.
Theres mad amish people on this greyhound
You #ShouldntBuyJordansIf You can speak and write properly.
ahh! i got Breaking Dawn! i love this movie! <33
Look at my wrist that shit two hunid thous cut the lights down look at me now
hahahaha that's funny
cute boy at pret asked me out and then threw a candy bar at Lauren. Don't think I've ever laughed this hard.
I hate back stabbing bitches.
It was really annoying to me since I reboot frequently for windows gaming. I love bouncy scrolling! :)
Thanks. The report a problem link in itunes links to generic support documentation which doesn't seem helpful
Next show for Baltimore Boom Bap Society is 2/8 at , feat. Saleem, Max Beats, Brian Brunsmann, &
RT : 4th and forever is my show
u Neva answer ur phone for me!!!
I love the view from the Loge level behind the plate. Not too close and not too far.
#RelationshipsEndBecause the man just says he's #bored ... Have u heard this before?
Uhh your like 17 I'm good ?
RT : It wards off the morning bitchiness and brings the sunshine.
definitely leaving room for some of the other nets
RT I appreciate the support & prayers. Joe is continuing to fight.
All Ravens draft picks have reached deals with team. All rookies set to begin rookie minicamp tomorrow.
Check out the new CARS website! www.carsla.net
Buffy bingeing. Impatiently awaiting to return in all her season 7 badass glory.
I think someone is getting into my account and messaging other people...It is not I who is doing it.
Xbox Radio getting this bitch cracking with this
Fuck U Hater Out Thurr Free My Lil Brother Donaven A.K.A Dizzle Bitch
I'm Pintristed as well!
RT : I've been flirting with 666 followers all week. | you devil, you
ok cool :)
RT : What good online ed looks like? I'm doing a dissertation on that topic
Someone should totally come watch Serendipity with me :)
I hate these computers. Our policy says 1/2 hour and what sort of leeway am I allowed? And is it wrong to want a cattle prod?
is in town! Pittsburgh doesn't have enough beer for us, even if it is craft beer week. See you in a bit
you should follow me! It would defiantly make my day. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Great message from >>>RT : The longer families stay in treatment the better they do.
3- I MISS YOOUUUUU<U+2665> youre so pretty and good at singing!!!!! :)
Only my boyfriend can drum using a sink and his hands and make it still sound good! XD He's silly <3
57% of SMS reference users say the person at the ref desk looks too busy or doesn’t look like they want to help. Eek!
Thx for the referral, Wendy! , we do everything in house - you can even watch! Would love to help. (719) 265-6400
Don't be known for your "things" as "things" can break. But be known for your soul as it will follow you forever.
awww u will find u d perfect boy one day dont worry ;)
“: can't wait man, looking forward to it” We should do something crazy, like re open the hard rock theme park
:( at least I know samuel loves me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
almost put me to sleep though :b
I am still painting flowers for you
espn would love to get their hands on your feedback. Those shows are the $$$ in their arsenal
no doubt. Sorry for the biased statement, ment it out of love.
tell me something I don't know.........
Ur still here bc u can't stand to be away from me that long! It's ok u can admit it! LOL
Watching American dad
Need an SEO boost locally? Sign up for Google Places, setup a profile and verify your location.
bahahaha naw you got it out in models
heck yeah!! Lol
RT MuniMakin_Mitch We turned a negative into a positive and we gettin a lot money off it! We yung nd got buttons to press!
Randomly sat down next to a cousin of mine I have not talked to in five years in downtown Fort Myers.
i'm really feeling a two day working vacation in vegas right about now. and that was before the comped room email showed up.
Great work, Jim and IL Zeta
Haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> as long as he's not singing "Refill"
Im never eating a white chocolate macadamia cookie in my life ever again. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Great game defeating #unm tonight! #Rams Played with a ton of heart tonight!
alrighty night night !!.
Re-reading ANNABEL by Kathleen Winter, out from One of my faves.
Obama: North Korea will achieve nothing with provocation - CNN
yes, we will rebound from the losses and what better way...victories on the road!
Circulation grants allow for the purchase of e-readers
You know, we were thinking the same thing! Thanks for the tweet and stay tuned!
I work out, if ya know what I mean
never had it but I know people who're gaga over it. i've sensed strong pretentiousness/overrated waves emanating from it tho.
Why is the web going black today? To get your attention. SOPA may be shelved right now but like a bad penny.....
When natives get al drunk and all dramatic?? Is fucked up. All u have do is fight your way out of the BS:o)
#NHL playoffs! #NBA games!! And #mariners today!! Should be a great day!!!
My friends say I have a 'potty mouth', but I can't help it if I just really like the taste of their piss and shit. SUE ME!
see you soon!
maybe i forgot that cause i love u so much more as my greatest friend (:
ok ms lea pls pls tell me u are going to prrform as elfaba in wicked???omg!!!pls pls do tell where is the show pretty please!!
Buying myself something cool & expensive for my birthday. Blah blah blah fuck off!and yeah, it works.
Did Wade Phillips just draft his DeMarcus Ware 2.0? Think about the possibility of that.
Stone Creek Coffee has 4 steps to creating a cup of coffee: GROW Responsibly, ROAST to Perfection, BREW Experts, and SIP Slowly.
You know what……… YOU KNOW WHAT. You should totally rape my follow button(: lol I'm
Me: I just called to say I love you both very much. Dad: Back atcha, kid.
i think a fat boy just tried to pass off leggings as skinny's
Hm not feeling well today and don't know how I'm going to finish what needs to be done. Time to lay down & pray hard to the man up stairs.
Well guess I'm in for the night
Tell me, Doug, Why do most companies focus on earnings instead of the value they're providing? Why are so few value visionary?
University of Chicago signed MOU w/ that expedites public investments & approvals. .covers $1.7b cap campaign next five yrs.
omg josh I love you thanks for following
Whenever I restart my computer my HM2 doesn't work! :(
No matter how much the devil smokes. He will never be the most high
great to meet you too. Let me know how things go!
Bro....SWAG for days.
heyy! we havent talked on here in like forever! lol
I hate NBA haters!
What salt water does to your hair>>>
Just saw the bathroom battle on the news. Hope it gets built. But am curious why it costs half a million bucks.
lol yea how do you not know this?
I hear Omission is good & I've had a good one from Harvestor.
Last chance to enter to win the Samsung Galaxy tab from , we'll draw a winner at 4:45pm in Grand Ballroom A
yea sure do.. You know him?
RT : If you work in sports, follow and support SPORTS TACKLES CANCER as our industry comes together to help:
Freelance editors, we'd love to know, where is the best place to find writers that need editing services?
Best tweet I have seen in months lol.
Let me know, on the shows so i can get some pics. And the interview if you like.
Check out the video I posted of the gallery and some glass melting.
Thinking about asking my boss if I can be Instructional Design Princess so I can wear a tiara at work haha
off to poland! then israel
real madrid la liga champs!!
Cops stop me earlier. They come to me and say "papers" I say "scissors, I win!" Then they made me get out and do some tests. Sore losers
How fun though!! Having trips to look forward to is the best. Makes you appreciate "home" more too. :)
Bosh is Out Indefinitely? Should be interesting series with Indiana and potentially Boston with KG playin like its 99'.
Ahh my sisters coming home!!!!
Join our mobile adoption team today at Walgreens on Universe and Paradise! 10:00 am-4:00 pm.
Lola is fcknn amazing (;
The clouds r rolin n like the cocaine I found on my Neighbs fridge. Polar Popsicles and lunch once again with snap dat turtle
Happy Veterans Day! You guys are slicker than an owl with its ears shaved!
I just heard the track where is Imitating Houston Rappers. LMAO Dude you are Fkn Comedian
RT : We can do no great things, only small things with great love. ~Mother Teresa
Oak Creek paramedic unit involved in a crash at Howell and Rawson. Need new med unit for patient in rig.
I think moving Ramirez to 1st (mid-season) is the silliest
#boyfriend is pretty cool
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others
RT Todays topic is FITNESS in Chicago! Whether you're a fitness buff or trying to get in shape, youre all welcome!
Early Menopause Linked to Bone Fracture Risk
not entirely directed at you believe it or not
just made my first commit, and sent my first code review request. #yay!
I'd like to didn't read the reply yet will in an hour
happy nonbutthurt birthday!!
on my iPad and Big Ten Championships on TV. Good day for #WTA #tennis and #MSU basketball!
it explains a lot, really
The negative energy that you put out into the universe will multiply when it returns to you
I've never been to rock bottom, but I'm pretty sure it does involve a lunch at the strip club.
belin...are you drunk?
That fox pic is great! Never seen a black fox before!
Meet The Startup That&#39;s Going To Make Programming A Thing Of The Past
RT to kill battery RT : Damn I can't even tweet my battery life. freakin trolls. imma just go switch out my battery quietly.
if i knew what i know now I might be futher along with my goals but knowing now has me cherishing time and focused as ever.
“: If they get Boykin wouldn't that also address KR >> most important, can he excel in slot? KOs soon obsolete
ohhmyygodd why is the internet stream of slower than the radio?!??! ONE DIRECTION TIXS AH
Need any design work hit me up!
thanks for ideas can you follow me back ?
A hit song always starts with head nods...if nobody in the lab is noddin...you don't have a banger
I will Chrissy! I miss u!!!
Now I'm torn between pretending to like him so he doesn't burn my apartment down and telling him he's a grade A Jerkypants. Crazy racists.
Today was a beauiful day in the neighborhood! www.timothylucero.com
The piano version of My Heart Will Go On makes me cry more than the version with words.
uhmm :/ he is a douche!
Ever think about doing a shoot on young entrepreneurs? Check out this kid!! Is this the next CEO, Tony Hsieh
you've probably answered this query before but do you plan on making the source code to #synynyms available? cheers!
RT will be serving peached tortilla bfast tacos next week! Like their fbook fanpage 2 win free tacos & coffee!
because life is hard and chaotic but people try not to be and sometimes people win
People who cross the street in new york are basically playing real life frogger
A writer should write with his eyes and a painter paint with his ears. -Gertrude Stein
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they don't have an antagonistic divorce.
No NBA Season. :(
random addiction to strawberry jelly..is this normal?
Hope everyone had an inspiring time Studios open house today! If you couldn't go,DM me&I'll put you in contact w/ them!!
Ghost hunting .
when a boy wants to crash & pass it's cool , but if a girl wants to hit it & quit it it's a problem & she's a hoe. shit cray !
it would mean the world to me of you followed me back
Thatt Niqqah Bout WEAK Ass Hell :(
Ask your mom to look at the slipper chair I just pinned...Avington, $119.99.
regardless if Bayhill is his backyard course he won in style and class and he's back.
WOW........What is the world coming to?
Awesome! Thanks for sharing!!
didn't see the original tweet.. but i know i already agree. I'm not a fan of any IE broswer
So excited to see the #SWSEAedu pitch for DeathMATcH!!
Make learning part of the culture and that is done from the top down
Math is a waste of life.
Thanks, it's not quite over yet. She's stomping around and I'm thinking of getting my bat out of the closet. Lol
Would someone please tell Sheriff Clarke to quit while he's behind? He's becoming an even greater embarrassment.
When in doubt, tweet about it. How do you go into full screen (or presentation) mode on Google Chrome when using a PC?
that's a fat ass J bro lol
Not yet. Give me some time and I will share the bitches with you
Absolutely - I am looking forward to an exceptional NRA show!
I am excited to speak today Nat'l Birth to 5 Leadership Institute, honoring past leaders and celebrating the future!
yes please
HI Jessica, hows it going?
#TRADE we're currently offering trade opps to any limo or luxury car service co for 4-weeks in March. Reply or DM us for more info.
burned 172 calories doing 60 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog"
i love supporting indie designers so if u know any shoe/clothes/bag makers I shld check.. send me links
Everyone should listen 2 this song "Lighting" it's by its the sh**
of course! ;)
LAKERS WIN!!!!! [88 - 87] OT.....HELL YEAH!!! MY BOYS MADE ME PROUD!! LAKERS LAKERS LAKERS :D I can finally relax my vocal chords. WOOHO ...
If you're not in the game to win, what's the point?
I had JUST been talking about you when I saw that tweet!!!! Sending 200 #ff for the fascinating wonderful
It's a big win for many reasons. Can't go down 0-2. Gained home court advantage. Gave the young players confidence.
Hey AJ Tiffy here ;) Gettin a tweet or follow from you would be the coolest thing EVER! Fave BSB 4EVER & ALWAYS <3
RT : #PrioritySpokane: Though tracks different levels of risk, all students at risk treated the same.
Showers will persist through the evening hours becoming less and less overnight. A few rumbles of thunder can will be heard. Low of 56.
those are amazing! my fav!
Holy howling wind... ick
If you are trying to find those photos, hold off on the refresh button...we'll get em to ya as soon as we can :)
Viva la fiesta , viva la noche , vivan los dj's Pero sobretodo Que viva Dios
Me too! RT : I'm not ashamed either. Love Roy. He gave me and so many great memories. Can't wait to read the story.
bone thugs n harmony tonight .. some tickets are still available get em while they're hot
First Lady, Google launch White House virtual tour
#el12ala - Does anyone know when our activities start on Friday 6/22?
EXCELLENT day of writing. skyrocketed up to 148,869 words, and the light is *blasting* from the end of the tunnel.
Life is designed to make your brain explode. Enjoy the ride.
so it needs to be asap.
ditto, it's looking good!
you never told me to stay off you twitter
Exactly, vote against it. RT : I think voting for the marriage amendment is dumb, let people live their life how they want
Nope, I was discreet! RT : get any fun[ny] looks while washing your rope in public?
hunger games > real life
Editing w/ Nikki
“: great fight on Telefutura right now. non stop punching” Thanks. It is good!
Head up, stay strong. Fake a smile, move on.
Thanks again for leading on the ballpark back in 2006.
Car inspection.
haha that was funny!
I AM TRYING TO HARD! #niallwhipshispenis please follow us anyway!? new york loves u!
Well....that was unexpected.
just signed up for NaNoWriMo in November. I am scared shitless! Yeah, adventure! www.nanowrimo.org
Who will be the 4th team to join the Pats, Ravens, and 49ers next weekend - Pack or G-Men?
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
lol . Alright corn nut head.
The boozy lunch: ever so slightly more sobering with an infant.
Room 212 for forever and eternity
daigo was until he had a wedding to attend same weekend lol. Seems this year nobody wants to travel
anyone else find these kony memes hilarious?
are your parents accountants??
I prefer Madame Serena
Republicans: Keeping millions out of work to put one man out of a job.
Thanks Jeff, would love to know what you think of it after you finish it. Cheers!
Hence, internships. :) RT "No one has ever learned skills from a lecture session." #aam2011 most learn by doing.
I'm excited to be there. What parties going on?
trust is like an eraser it gets smaller after every mistake.
awww how cute!! :)
Kyle Clifford
RT "I wish I could force-quit you."
Morning ::crawls back under covers::
Manchester City>>
have an extra ticket for the Drake concert ... who's coming with me? :p
“The camera makes everyone a tourist in other people's reality, and eventually in one's own.” ~ Susan Sontag
Congrats on the new job!!
The Mystery of the Missing Keys. Solved by solidly brilliant detective work - they were in my back pocket. ;)
Sentence lost in a MPAA screening, answers to: “They ducked and covered as the f-bombs rained down, and they missed the fucking point.”
Back from Dallas hoping my Dad will get better, 's new book kept my spirits up and gave me needed laughs. Thank you Mindy!
I think Rocket's finally get it...can't fake desperation. More good news, read article in Miami Herald that Heat will look to rest
okay! Sorry :)
you tryin' to say all Filipinos look alike?
we're having breakfast at Sun rise in about a half hour. Late notice, so I'll keep you updated on other activities :)
I've decided the driver screaming "Get in the bike lane bitch!"at me on Oak is just a vocal supporter of the separated Fell bikeway.
which dealer owns a Lear jet?
Q5) Not enough venues for sharing successes.
Wat up beautiful?
Whose idea was it to put Charles Barkley and shaq on the same pre game show.
Working on an AWESOME new project that you will definitely be hearing more of!
thanks for the FF love.
Next one's Beerfest. WI Punx, if you know, you know. If not, email/message us for the details.
Golic is absolutely right. Madonna is a poor, out of date choice for SuperBowl. Lady Gaga or Katy Perry would be much better!
So excited! RT : I just bought my ruffian swap ticket!
thanx and sry for the late hit
Haha, first time for everything I guess!
saw u on twitter!! did I win now? :-)
PDI 2011: No. 1 reason junior lawyers do not heed career advice- conflicts w/ other advice
lmao! I only have a twin):
Good point, but if people use #edchat at the end of everything will the helpful info become hidden?
what are you guys doing tonight? RT Word. RT Just me and in the newsroom
I just walked the 3-mile loop around our subdivision. That makes 9 miles so far this week.
My tennessee lady vols room is almost done! Painting the huge T on my wall today!
yw :) I sure 1d will win
I couldn't stop laughing myself....
LOl, It Sad That Im Horny Right Now .... Smh
Is there wifi available at the NPM for the meeting?
All these pictures of food on facebook...I know you're excited to eat it, but we're not excited to look at it
Everyone just the fuck up! The pacers won that's it. #SHUTUP!
Mandy Moore - Candy (Lyrics)
He says he can beat me in basketball pshh, he probably can, :3
try it. it's good for what ails you.
The stories brittany tells me about her house just makes me want to call a priest for her. I don't understand how she can live like that lol
has a #Kony mask on!
If ACC gives FSU any special deal ($$), look no farther than OU/UT in Big12 to see how that will play out. Let 'em leave.
Be HAPPY....you really can't afford not to
I wish! I miss you already! Come see me!!!
cause im special;) Austin loves me thats why;) You know! didnt even know you could get suspended:LL but twitter can be gay -.-
I know!!!!! I didn't even know Android had the app available! The effects are so amazing!!!
Where this team is going.
I love how 7-11 is the only building within blocks to still have power.
it was super cool :) can you come over Saturday :) me you five other girls sleeper means we can't go to Church though
I'm probably racking up loads of bad juju for being that dbag at the gym glued her iPhone. day 5 of 30!
lol idk but we bought lol get a very simply thing cuz it's possible the wedding is here lol
lame. I don't want to sign another two year contract. Haha such a waste of money sometimes.
anyone besides me tired of hearing about octumom or Chri and RiRi
well maybe. I can be annoying! Not every woman can take what I offer. Hence ..I'm divorced. But I'd love to find out!
brad mills is angry. :o
You earned a BADGE in BBQ? Dude, that says a lot....I guess you love your BBQ....
I need some help from you :S
Does anyone know of a US release date for the Galaxy S I? *Drool*
Going to the CD release for The Great Went tonight. Shannon did the mix for some of the songs on their new CD.
I've been using 4 since Beta 1 and recently had to use 3.x for testing. Amazing how things have changed.
wednesday? some time this week?
Egg&Cheese sandwhich, Arizona ice tea, #LivenLifeGRAND ! (:
this is beautiful! I'm so proud of what's happening in Newburgh.
Smh my brother always making things difficult
why thank you :)
Band teacher Mr. Randolph~in 8th grade he told me that my fingers were too short to play the bassoon~saving me years of ridicule
Shame on NASCAR for penalizing Trevor Bayne and Steven Wallace in the Nationwide Kroger 200 race. It was NASCAR's fault!
Why would those judges say that? That was one of the best performances ever. DeAndre? Really? No, is the best one on the show.
a-port.Wish I had time 2 check out Swarovski store on concourse C to effect purchase of crystals for energy & protection on my journey.
And what's so urgent about changing a lightbulb during the day?
shit u da one lucky I wish I could get more hours
Pussy dnt rule the world.. these niggas now a days just weak. Ima fuckin man. I was born to rule and run shit. Period. Written in stone.
You. Are. So. Stupid. e_e
Dear Girls, it's not worth crying over a boy. UNLESS, they are Niall, Louis, Liam, Zayn and Harry.
Swedish fish are so good...
Next time I open one of pics...ima make sure my car is parked!! Lol
I'm not sure though if that's just for the race or for the FC history. cc:
So I've lost some weight and my stomach looks like a deflated basketball.
Perfect day for reading on a couch with a dog.
Thanks for the #ff You are the source of such good content yourself! Have a great weekend!
Wow, Aggregate's publication makes Grey Room look like USA Today. We need a history group that excites non-historians. cc:
Off to morning worship and then to work for the rest of the day. I am s o thankful that I have work to do when others don't.
Working out then photo shoot!
I wanna go see a movie when I go home I'm gonna get a date so we can have a movie date!
Lol so easy to cheat in spanish
right back @ Cha my brother!
I am watching NFL Red Zone, while waiting for America's Team to take the stage this evening. Any REAL Cowboy Fans out there?
Great job tonight, buddy! Love you to pieces!
There is one like 4 miles from my house..
Be Happy :) Show tomorrow night !!! Friday the 21st in Hollywood at ...This is a great Show with many amazing bands
Victoria is so sweet and she cares a lot about her fans <U+2665> :{). Best role model a girl could ask for
thanks for the tweet!
Right! I guess they felt left out with all the recent fb instagram hoopla.
huh ! I'll have to see if they have them tonite, which is the best tasting ?? thanks
Motorbike rider stoppie between guy's legs legs
I thought that was South Carolina...
Lat lit class- describe the climax of the novel: they have sex, he dies, she eats a candle, she dies
Oh, no! I leave for five minutes' work and Artwiculates gone?????? (Hello to every creature; lovely to see you.)
Yooo A fan threw (and hit) an Umpire with a beer.
I see it as a way to change the world at the very basic grassroots level.
thanks so much!
Cops even have "spotters" inside the bar who watch what people are drinking, and alert the officers waiting outside.
Michael Carroll: Gold OA journal authors ought to ask what CC rights reserved (beyond CC-BY) are worth / ask for discount on fees
Jose Perez
They say It's lonely at the top, that's why I'm climbing with all my homies
drunk slut
I want to date
HAPPY EASTER! :)
2012 Indiana Mechanical & Fuel Gas Code Adoption Committee met last week. I have been selected to serve as a voting member. Quite an honor!
I hope everybody from #12HOURS are for #healthylifestyle. Follow me for good health & skin care tips and treatment methods
#Romney apologizes for lifetime of misogony, homophobia, rapacity, unctiousness and general D-Baggotry. Can't recall any specific incidents.
At home watching criminal minds with my family I love my life...<3
well now u did babe lol
Is it really February?
i'm standing at your front door delivering jimmy johns to your neighbor :P
Leap of Faith #broadway it's closing Mat 13th!
Thank you for the #FF mention!
hey how are u
thank you! You too!
Dreams are motivation...but don't stay in the fantasy...live in reality....
Hi drake strong!! :)
we can travel! Or at least our super talented wrap designer can provide the design services!
slides are so very evil.
We're ready! I'm excited to touch base!
Also tonight, Jan 11th, Personal Manger, JL Diamonika is looking for new clients and is one of the best managers in NYC. 2 spaces remain!
Anybody else out there have their whole musical point of view (and world) changed by 's Clarity?
I'm feelin god ;)
Happy national nightshift workers day ... Particularly to one bad ass mother(bear) ...
This niggga justin, funny
oh sorry!! I will give it to you when he's finished :)
I'm bringing 3. You can have one of mine. Or all. Especially after they have had 2 much sugar.
Yes show up RT ! : A3: The world is run by those who show up. So show up.
hope everything's well with you & Angela! :) & no problemo
what the hell?
I fucking hate this shit, why can't school just be over so I can sleep in everyday
A Cross to Bear, check it out, the website is on my page.
Injured Clijsters Out Of Clay Court Season - 10sBalls
I have to get back to making more music... Been playing too much league o legends
Thankyou lady, you do too. Rt : Showing love to all my followers today. So thank you :) Stay sweet!
Pick up a #WSJ with your lunch today & check out pg. B-5! Our #BoBNow Ad. looks great!
Morsels & Tidbits? Pigs in a Blanket? the folks from The creators of , Eamonn's, PX & Majestic
These stupid radio stations are horrible they play the same stupid songs all the time, im just gonna stick to V101
Looking for media sponsors for tour. Arizona dates included in tour dates.
I wanna dance with Whitney! R.I.P.
Doc Rivers said that Ray Allen (ankle) has a 60 percent chance of playing on Sunday vs Hawks.
also the after party on Saturday is at ave
way too addicted to Dateline and Keith Morrison
Okay, why do people follow you if they're really not gonna read anything you write, and when they do, they don't care.
well I dunno about you but the Caps beat Philthy Philly last night. So C-A-P-S! Caps! Caps! Caps!!!!!
I hate it when I knew I could have been somewhere else tonight instead of sitting at home :(
Whoo hoo! Another morning show in Times Square today with Improv 4 Kids! Never to early to improvise!
cant get a hand to save my pro golfing career!
Glowing from the inside out!
Happy Friday to some hardworking birds!
Me too! <3 That's why we're BFFs! RT I love how you love all the same ppl i do! :)
I know it. I am trying not to panic, but you HAVE to have a shut-down closer. Ross is too unknown for me (now)
lucky you!
considered go way up. I'm working on finding one now, actually!
How exactly does one suck a fuck?
Nice. RT : I have no words. RT : Foo Fighters will play the Marcus Amphitheater on June 28 at 7:30 pm
Well, they don't actually call it Consulting 101 (my words), but that's pretty much what it is. Corporate terms abound!
God is good :)
Seeing that fuck head Joe Brian on my TL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> <
Drake Show<Lake Show
MLB said that the grounds for overturning Alfonzo's case was "nearly identical" to those resolved in the arbitration involving Ryan Braun.
Imma be studying for the S.A.T the whole day today >.<
A-thank you.
Yup I'm classy RT : I've gotta party with you two soon!
2 things. #1 I'm tired as hell off the wack ass 2hours of sleep I got last nite #2 Why is 2chainz still trending??
you knew I would remind everyone that it's THIRSTY THURSDAY. #cheers everybody
LOL, I'm sorry it didn't work. If you sign back on, look me up. :)
It was so wonderful to have you swoop down and feed us worms.
Greg Baldwin: We didn't know why NOT to build a #nonprofit that wouldn't be dependent on philanthropy forever
Completely agree. No one can hide anymore, everyone has to create wide open direct online feedback channels.
awesome! Let me know where!
No problem Check out some of our muzik if u have time
Can facebook not be a little bitch right now?
While we're on the subject of freezer-friendly dishes, what are your favorite dishes to prep ahead of time and freeze?
Have a great trip! Bask in the glow!
We offer in-home tutoring throughout the Atlanta area. We have found that individual, in-home tutoring maximizes both the convenience...
i need to
going to Hawaii this year and I am trying to think about what I need to bring....Anyone have any advice?
no, I don't sorry!
Should I be concerned that you can only draft 1 of the 18 guys you are worried about...
not trying to be. Im being serious.
Only two hours until Said The Whale, We Are The City & Kristin Gaerlan. Starts at 8, don't be late!
About to panel and teach a "mini-class" MBA for a Day.
My eyes are burning
stop hacking my twitter to boost your self esteem !
when your mom thinks "grounding you" means not letting you out till after a month
what kind of sick joke is that?!?
no prob! everything is great, how about you? Happy Monday!!
Love that post! And loved sharing it a few weeks ago in our #twitter chat!
Sipping at home. I just ran out of Mezcal and switched to Tequila. I'm not sipping anymore.
chris brown, khalifa, big sean - til i die
Half Price tickets to see Keiko Matsui! Thur, April 19th and Sun, April 22nd, the 10 PM shows only. Get tickets online, use code “BATW”.
face time me babes x
hey did you get this
and their merch girl is dancing in a two piece bathing suit with a glow stick style hula hoop.
Hey it's BK, What is the best co-headlining tour you have ever seen? Or the best double bill? So, not including festivals.
Hewitt held up better than Roddick. Got that one wrong. Ah well. Aging is easier on good wine than good tennis. Aussie Open
im ready for summer. asdfghjkl
where's #davegaume?!! XO
im a fucking idiot & believe in myths from thousands of years ago? RT : I am Pro-Life because _____________ and _____________?? ~
bless your soul.
Helping film a two day workshop called Real Edge Training. Liking videography!
Protests are the new normal. This is the winter of people's discontent. It promises to be interesting going forward...
on the phone with Yum Yum.<3
haha and the rest came from i see stars?!
congrats on the baptism...and the Dodgers are 3-0, great day!
congrats on Troy launch..what do u recommend 4 lunch?
yeah he gave me a shoutout lol. also you have a skype?
learning how to get rid of any flour clumps by smashing them into the bowl. My family didn't sift ;)
going tonight?
wait are these similar to pot brownies? If not we be fine. I'll take a batch please
Happiness I think I need some.
Hope you know I love you!
Ugh dont want to studdy chemistry.. I know this stuff there are alkanole and ethanole and ethan-1-ol *blabla* ..
I hate finding out extras about your crush.
Joe's on stage!
100 dollars spent on just getting my car checked out. This is exactly why I freaked out.
then sun drop commercials b a foo lol
I think it's once again the speculators responsible for gas hikes n I think they obviously don't like the President either.
i love meeting new people .. srsly . Ive met some amazing people
sebastian:Why? Because I can.
#SignsYouLostAFight You going around telling everybody you won.
What she taste like though?.RT : Ugh... Girl y do u smell like syrup?
I agree with that. Certainly the world Zuck is trying to create.
: ALLOW - Always Let Love Offer Wisdom #TDL"
How much does a downtown bus cost these days?
what you mean talking about you???
Well said!! Thanks
My heart could probably use some cardio today considering I ate a 3/4 lb bacon cheeseburger last night.
it's good when you have a moment to kill and that's the only device you have to hand
I got my first Instacanvas and it generally looks good, but there's a chunk of ink missing on one side. What's happens now?
Sealogix Fish Oil can be found at www.5StarFishOil.com
Getting excited about Mumbai/Chennai match today. Anyone else watching via the IPL site?
Good time at the book festival, though way too hot and I missed the author I went to see. Laura Bush, where were you?
thanks for the RT
If you think I was your such a fool!
Your family = my life
Cold weather and baseball is a worse combo than Kim karadshian and marriage
"With Chocolate"??? Don't know about that one. It's got to be one of the most morbid fortune cookies I've ever read!!
When it’s hot and a box of truffles sounds too heavy, get your choco-fix with Lee’s new ½ lb. candy bars with nuts and fruit. $10 each.
Seeing #TheLuckyOne with can anyone else say, m to and his looks.
¤ You might as well fall flat on your face as lean over too far backward. James Thurber
look forward to enjoying your tweets as well sir!
George was the least suspicious out of the whole family. Unbelievable that they found him of all people (over Casey!) suspici
I have school on Monday.....shoot me please..... X^(
no why ?
Just had 3 back to back orders of her name
Good morning sunshines!
different set of attributes when considering music in music licensing than radio
oxon hill's own!
Join our mobile adoption team today at Hyatt Regency Tamaya Resort & Spa! 11:00 am-4:00 pm.
What would we do without
Ah, yes. Deadly sin number eight in the South. Being my dad was from GA, yeah, microwave was the enemy in my house.
Its a mix of camo and cashmere! There is a sportsmans show next door :)
“An exclamation point is like laughing at your own joke.”
Saturday night. Family dinner. Awww yeeeaaaahhhh
Why does Twitter unfollow my followers lol?
Thanks for a great event!
Check out the BBJ's newest edition of BBJCast! Stayed tuned for BBJVideo of BRAC event last Friday.
Defense attys in Rodney King case described his leg as "cocked" even as he was lying on his stomach-blackmen have always been weaponized
._. I'm so sleepy
Sometimes they say u should listen to ur mother when she tells you something bout ur love one but I realize there not always right #sis<U+2764>u
thinking about 90 degree weather in California...
a demo in August, and an EP in september!
I want to experiment with a Cash Five program that uses Ken Silver's idea, with at least 40 profiles and 37 lines per profile.
Post-racial political society? Dan Rather begs to differ--not by a longshot. Crowd applauds agreement.
where u going lady
Hope those are CC's Good Luck spikes he has on!
Road trip!
Doing a "man's job" with 4" heels & lipgloss on
#librarianscode What is the cost of NOT doing anything? Good question.
With one voice, the town dripped fear/into my morning coffee and the whisper/drove persistent echoes/of our macabre dream
oh yea!! That's what I meant. Wow. That was a dumb moment. Excuse me while I go hide xP
Preparing the #Behancereviews press release for Baltimore.
cabin in the woods can be summed up in one word
Science, meet life: Why I write on addiction in the Bronx
I love my real bitches , fuck the fake hoesssss <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Erick's Cuban Salsa class explodes the roots of it's heavy African influences, all the way to it's present day incarnation of Timba.
The weekend is almost over, Monday morning we're hitting the ground running! Let's make next week a great one!
Lmfaaoo niggas in this world is funny as shit !
#weddingday!! Im so happy for my mommy and gary! I love them both so much!
You can lead a toddler to the crib, but you can't make him sleep.
YAYA TOURE!!!!!!!!!!!!! WITH THE WINNER!!!!! AN ABSOLUTE BEAUTIFUL GOAL!!!
was looking sexy as always that's what!!!
#ImagineAustin : let me love you<3 you: I've been letting you love me for a long time! <3(:
Thank you! Great to meet you-- hope you enjoyed my active, excited group of kids today! :)
Just took our Expulsion staff pictures!!! Stay tuned...
no prob. thanks for all the great info!
hey :) you better not be going to sleep.
#saa11 got me re-thinking social media efforts... if anyone out there is willing to share ideas, success stories, etc. dm me!
Its gotta be you! <3
OK this twitter addict has to put down the laptop and hit this gym!! Deuces peeps... be back soon!! #Blessings and celebrate life!! #Enjoy!
Just turned on Bulls game for a minute. WTF are the Raptors wearing? Those uniforms are horrible.
Having the house to myself isn't always that great
RT : rather live in a cell, than live a lie!
Bout to gett ready fa Work
very true..! Whats your I.U level..?
Hey are trying to peek at my new web? "Eww, not yet. Pretty soon, but i will share one of my new foot scrubby names flip flop junkie monkey
Chris Brown Hits Miami Beach with Karrueche and Friends [PHOTOS]
Cant sleep
your cute :)
We'll be live tweeting from Vatzlav at 21st and Boston in Tulsa, Oklahoma! Follow the messages at
yay! happy to be of service.
you're welcome
"In order to be an effective singer, you must sing not only with your voice, but also with your spirit. " ~ Elisha Hale
Tough #Flyers loss but we'll take the point.
I bet they taste fantastic.
just woke up
just spent 15 minutes looking over the schedule. I'm way too excited.
I miss Ricardo Montalban. :(
epic first opening day today with 2 of my 3 boys are playing this year. class org, great volunteers.
What a beautiful day to work on
Their justification was "bro! it's the first weekend back!"
My phone died and deleted what I was writing :( ll finish tomorrow goodnight:)
my looks opens the doors but my personality takes the doors off its hindges lol
Yeah, but not as nice as understanding both the problem and the solution.
Cancer is Romance at its best
Big shout to my brother SGT Grear! Follow
I'm missing BGT so much,heard that you'll be there in 2013. Woo Hoo Can't wait! I also sent a letter to you
Hey I'm bringin the party to + the fam w/ SHOTS! Leggo!
Getting ready to hear from Frank Piotrowski from
i would add to that...into outer space :)
Well Peter, this underscores the tactical nature of internal TA...when developing talent is key to landing "A" players...
can you follow me plz
This reminds me, I need to read *Mr. Darcy, Vampyre,* which a friend bought for me.
q2: just curious, do we know if this is public,academic, or special?
on the menu today: pita pocket sandwiches; beef, cucumber, onion, tomato, tahini, yogurt w/ falafel for the vegetarians on staff...gone!
It's raining...a lot. I'm worn out from this past week. Guess what? You can find me in my bed all day :D Hit me up on your car beds cb radio
how bout gas money?and a chicken dinner..?
Going to sleep so early was a really bad idea lmfao
Replay of Forest - Bristol City tonight at 7pm on Plus. This is gonna hurt watching. But I will not waver,
Absolutely! Glad to have connected with y'all!
hey!!! I love and miss you!!
I feel bad for Weiner. He couldn't even resign without people yelling about his dick.
you too love!!! I'm callin you in a bit =)
Win Men in Black 3 donuts and iced coffee goodies & a $10 DD card from #AgentDLV TODAY! Just tweet us for your chance to win!
Wow...just wow. Who has the time to come up with this stuff. I just raised their time on site significantly.
Had a little coo day
YES. We will sign Walter. /cc:
Your choices shape your community. Support Local Small & Independent Businesses. Support Community.
this Thursday! Come out and have a $1 drink and a great date night! #Bartab!
Birds in full voice this spring
Everyone follow
grateful for the peace, love, harmony, good health and prosperity in my life. Happy New Year to one and all!
guess it's lunchables for now and then potluck at sunday school <U+270C>
Did you know that Pac-Man ranks as the world's most popular arcade game of all time? How big of a fan are you?
Not with a bang, but a whimper?
I'd watch the Sully & Mojo Show.
Hank Lundy vs Patrick Lopez Odds With In-Depth Preview!
Meiselas--began collecting rather than taking photographs and gathered stories around them to create her archive
lmaooo yup I do don't worry I'll give you some........one day but not today lol jk<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Technology is great right now but where is the flying cars n talking robots
I just finished a 1.25 mi run with a pace of 13'52"/mi and a time of 17:23 with Nike+ GPS.
It's me follow back, Josh
hahahahahahahaha @ "run her bubble bath using the good dish soap."
Well uhh yeah
I like the product that arrived in my mailbox yesterday
"Whose year? Our year!!" happy 2012
Arevalos's atty tells jury that all the alleged female victims had been drinking and might not be credible witnesses.
Acting vs directing: As a director, I want you to be the one! As an actor, I want to be the one. We are all connected in the mission!
Yup, yup! Tampico FTW! :)
“: Yea look at dat fro!” savage
Thanks for the RTs on my blog post, !
show me some tricks (:
You shoot me down, but I won't fall.
Last weekend to catch our "Out of Fashion" exhibit before it closes. As Heidi Klum says: one day you're in, and the next, you're out! FREE
Listening to Randy Gill song "Radio" Did he say "Come to Randy Baby?" OMG you stop it Randy mymy! www.moikorecords.net:Moiko Showcase I CD
U will be missed :/
you like mix tapes? we like mix tapes? should we mix you a tape?
Dude i know right?? a more functional vaggazzal, i want to be responsible for all the ladies on our emerald isle smiling!
SCAN will close at 4pm today, Tuesday 7/27, for the Rally for SCAN's Future.
Going snowboarding with Jan 7! So excited!
Im great Happy New Year.... Do you have any resolutions?
Rachet ass weed.
I KNOW. Busting out the waffle iron for dinner tonight.
So is going or is in peru, and I've heard that so much people went to buy their tickets
My day after a text message this morning <<<<
I'll be expecting a text any minute.
ugh, it's actually really bad. The pho was super salty and the spring rolls were bitter. :( no peanut sauce either. Won't be back.
oh I will PROMISE Miss Hollywood :-) I'm so happy for you.
You see a mouse trap, i see free cheese and a challenge! Scroobius Pip great things ahead for 2012! Merry new year!
I love Skrillex.
I need to get out!
I love the Clayroom! Great place to make special holiday gifts. Say hi to Prudence & the Clayroom team.
brah yo avi/mix-tape cover hard as fuck..... Whoever did that went the fuck off
The average woman's handbag weighs between 3 and 5 pounds
go where you are celebrated not tolerated. bgr8 now
Last day of #e2conf. We've had a blast. Don't forget to visit the booth. We'll talk #socbiz & more.
Marie Curie, the Nobel prize winning scientist who discovered radium, died on July 4, 1934 of radiation poisoning.
Thank God for spell check lol
Thanks for following my twitter Ray. I like the sound of Mindset Tweaks.
Martha Driver is teaching the middle ages using second life.
Lotsa grumpy people about today for such beautiful Friday weather...
Super hungry + tired + lazy never ends well.
You Better Be Glad ill Proly Never Meet You In Person Cuz I Would Fuck Your Shit Up Lmfao Jk
Second stop on the gourmet coffee circuit this week , great product but one request: bring back the old school caribou logo!
B*TCH YOU ERKIN H*E
STFU cus your weak. But I don't hate THA game , you just a fucked up ass player
got my tics 2 go in Aug. cannot wait! RT : David Gray and Ray Lamontagne are touring together? Wow, that will be a show to see.
I miss ur random days of coming to visit me lol
Im here to Listen
U shouldn't care about what people thinks about u Wen they stop thinking is wen u get worried..Cause Now you've successfully became a Nobody
Whats life when you spend all day watching Gossip Girl?
The bullying presenter dropped, "Oprah flew me in.."
Getting married? Call or email to book Alchemy for your special day!
lol that ain't cold, that's Colorado! Welcome!
I'll miss you!!!
Children are the hands by which we take hold of heaven.
Uh-huh.
We are running a special for the month of February. Check it out at our website www.slyderfootball.com #special offer
It does seem too early and I think the sequel was alright- nothing too special. I'm more of an Iron Man fan though!
follow back Daj
Thank U
Watching tv and catching up on my email. I shouldn't let it get behind like that, because then it takes forever to catch up on it.
Aristocrat - Degenerate... Aristocrat - Degenerate... Bugger! Which one!!
<<< FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW !!!
awesome! Thanks for posting!
My favorite thing too do lately is drink some JD then hop I'n the whip put on -the ride & cruise too the club. I be faded....
Let us know if we can help you with getting your passport quick.. www.passportsandvisas.com
The perfect training session
- Just sold my 5DMKII to get into a live streaming rig, Panasonic GH2s perhaps
ok! I'm so sad!
Warchurch rocking tonite in the LBC at The Pike on 4th...turntables and that funk! (via ) (via )
I think I should staple my phone to my hand.
you are clearly well-heeled Miss, therefore you can pay for dinner.
.....am I the only one who hates Christina Aguilera...?
Headed to #AG20 hoping to meet folks interested in regional food systems and #grassfed beef! Should be a great conference!
THE RISKS WE DON’T TAKE NOW ARE THE REGRETS WE HAVE LATER. IF WE SEE CHANGE AS BEING A LOSS, WE RESIST IT. EMBRACE CHANGE
This being the cowboys you never now when to cheer. I've been a fan for years and when they have the groove they all have it
The Circle of Sorcerers: ebook available #kindle #Nook #smashwords. Print editions soon.
to me obviously.
And THAT is why there is nothing like the #NHL #StanleyCup Playoffs in ALL of Sports.
Thanks - We try! RT ... looks very fantastique
I need a good lawyer can anyone help?
no don't do it you been doin good
Ball is on your court now buddy. Quit passing it back or I'm gonna freaking throw it away -.-
-___- you know exactly when your coming yet?
Why am I so in love with British Bands?!!?!?!
Wondering if Curly Neil is here somewhere #globetrotters #jaxarena #
ACL? Why is Baron Davis shagging flies?
thank you!!
I haven't seen it yet, on the list though
RT Its official I'm a college graduate :-) <--- WOOHOO!!!! CONGRATS!!!
after reading the NYTimes article on it, I think it's not substantive, but it's clear, honest and brave. Useful? I dunno.
": No bitch is worth breaking a nail. BUT if she get out of line whip that ass"
Whose the other amazing band besides Stay?!
nice guy?
I'm sad to not go to class but mucho feliz to get extra time to study for Español test
Oh no :( Really sorry about this—can you shoot me an email w/ the details? It could be a Google Maps issue.
Um the Pistons are leading the Cavs 100-50 at the end of the third? Really???
party begins !!
Yes he does. :)
hope that Florida State beats Georgia Tech this weekend! GO NOLES!
I'm officially in Puerto Rico. Yeah!
Are zebras black with white stripes or white with black stripes?
New York I gotta go shopping for summer!!
yeah there's one on Sand Lake & Universal. Between FLAcon hotel & Wet N Wild. Uno had better beer too.
Bel plant design: Full speed ahead
Loyola Blakefield LAX MIAA opener: April 10th vs. St. Paul's at Hargaden Field Via
If You're Talking To Yourself, Your Lame !
i feel like you just abandoned me :( jerkface
Congrats to Sean Miller (Pitt Panther) & his team on their win over Duke!
RIP Troy Davis
Bring Bobby's World back!
no :D
dun ask me
Melo can bring these boyz back tho if they decide to stop turning the ball over and play defense
Apple to hold press conference tomorrow at 10:00 AM PST. Will they recall the iPhone 4? Issue everyone cases/bumpers? What will they do?
One more follower until 900!
And now I'm bored. Good :)
Kylie Morgan will be in the house tonight throwin' down some major jams. Come out and enjoy a slider to some rocking music!
RT : We won Best of Expo for Z-CoiL Pain Relief Footwear at newlivingexpo.com! Hurray! They really understand the benefits!
Watching a movie with Phyllis... Nice to unwind and relax!
Never mind, a squirrel just ousted me as mayor of this woods.
Habitat 4 Haiti campaign never stopped. We are just getting started!!!! Look out Haiti is here to help.
#PCA I bet its little house on the
Thanks for the shout out ! All are welcome to run, walk or volunteer!
Hold on, we are about to release a site where faculty / staff can get Office for $9.75. How much do you love me now?
no, you weren't. I enjoyed chatting with you.
you should open a women's karmaloop boutique in boston.. it would do really well! no one carries any of karmaloops brands on newbury
hey, I'm an art major!!
you should give a shout out to #speedwaydemolay who is going to Heartland as we speak!!
Could John Edwards be a bigger dbag? That swoopy-haired jerk makes Clinton, JFK and Newt look like saints.
did hulk hogan or the rock make it;)
Yes, they live in a bubble.
Understanding Google Adwords & Analytics up next at
That's a great video! And you're even in the song.
this rumor might become a fact very soon! thank you
Continued from last tweet... I said "It's called burning discs, SMART ASS! The End.
FINALLY watching #ThePitch! Thankful for my DVR
Huge fan of the Dead exhibit. Had a blast and enjoyed everything! I find new stuff every time I visit!
"Having seat time for the sake of seat time is really yesterday's classroom" - powerful words from COO
Ikr? But it speaks volumes. If they can't put your love on top, keep it moving! LOL! I love it!
We did the same in Cincinnati! “: I'm looking at Pre-Schools already for my baby. L.A. Is weird.”
Thanks. Started return a few days ago, now get nothing when I log in. Possibly logging into old acct? Or just gone?
Why is Game of Thrones so good?!
Looking at my calendar for the next 7 days...something awesome every night! Yay!
Can't wait for #thewalkingdead to be on again! it's gonna be so long til I look forward to Sunday's again
Is that the sun I see poking through the clouds?! You would definitely stay out mr sun!
Princess Sarah! How are you??
I see a nap in my future!
Back to Netflix. Goodnight.
I just noticed i was on the wrong bus,,, pissssseeeedddd!!!!!!
Helluh bored. Boring ass weekend.
Did you know that the FDA does not regulate shampoos used on pets. It's true so make sure you have a complete ingredient list on the bottle
You ain't got no job, you ain't got shit to do.
You're awesome! Good for you.
Forgot how much I love this Chocolate Factory cd. Arruh has hisissues but this was my riding music for a long time.
I'm going to miss having class with and
Now that I get you , I know fear is what it really was .
Check out our new website!!! Learn about the great cause we're supporting! www.InspirationalMedicine.org
*fucks u up wipes hands&walks away* (:RT : -____- *acually boxes you*
is writing but will he play out live soon? We hope and wait. In the meantime we listen to his music on the sound box.
let's go to the cornyval (:
appreciating the state of calm and order at the office
“: let's not bag on North Carolina. Groovy, liberal, open-minded CA did #Prop8. Enemy is fear, ignorance & special interests”
Some people are so fond of ill-luck that they run half-way to meet it.
Also a big fan of the blogs of the Digital Campus crew, but the posts are too few and far between!
Nina Simone is smiling!
your boy is coming to FL for spring break!
: Wish we could have been more precise, but that's all PECO could tell us--it was their power lines that stopped working.
Okay, so I gotta ask: what happens when a duck flies upside-down?
Every time I listen to Nari & Milani - Atom . I always feel like hanging out with molly
my best friend and I are seeing you May 1st in Seattle, we're so excited!!
World Piece. Everyone's doing it. www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
You guys do a great job! Did Ash have a TD pass? Any idea how Shipley scored his other TD?
best matches on the PPV last night were Morrison vs Sheamus and the 4way for the world heavyweight title !! Great job WWE
i know! he's always doing stuff, he barely has time to ustream and talk to us like he used too ):
oh.we can be friend
upset why?? Of course not!
My non geek pal says "it's because they spend too much time indoors. Give them some sun and vitamin D" # geekdepression
$5 per person
Sometimes You Have To Forget How You Feel And Remember What You Deserve
thanks! LL jamming now!
I hate Tx weather!
so bored...
thanks so much!! leave a comment :)
you & music were the only things that I commit too .
Thank you my friend & a big #FF to you!!!
Mr. Do you have any advice on hiring web programmers/designers that won't steal my idea?!?!
Excited for my first visit to Wolf Trap on the 28th for A Prairie Home Companion
I say you eyeballing the boudin noir, we'll see what else looks good
Back to the Future is a modern classic! Great work. I'm also particularly fond of the Cuban-jazz score to "Soapdish"
Awww, thank you sweetie. I love you so, so, so, so much RT Happy birthday to the best mom in the world
u got hacked bitch
getting ready to work on our acoustic EP :)
happy, happy, happy birthday! xo
Lol I trust I my gut... and it says ima get kicked out which I'm prepared for because ima move in with my Ex-GF she's bi
Where ya going? ... I'm at Baltimore / Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI) (Baltimore, MD) w/ 74 others
glad you found your pup
hey thank you for following me:-) if you need a writer, or photographer let me kmow. lets stay In touch
If the #Brewers dont start to show some fire soon Zack Greinke should be dealt. This isn't a situation where draft compensation is enough.
sorry folks I had a constituent call missed the back and forth
Oh, my lanta. Get on facebook.<3
Wow this is crazy
What we're really talking about is a wonderful day set aside on the fourth Thursday of November when no one diets. I mean, why else would...
been together since the minors <3
Getting a pedi (:
How did you celebrate your Easter weekend?
Oddest praise I've seen about Lana Del Rey so far: "the most distinctive and assured debut since Glasvegas’ eponymous disc in 2008"
also, Version 1.5 (1043.1) does not have a spinner while searching
WANTED - Competent non partisan 'elections' attorney. Unafraid of the Democratic Machine: Daley, Madigans, Durbin, Obama
If you do not know where you are going, every road will get you nowhere. -Henry Kissinger
DIXIE - LOVE!
Awesome! Just sent it sir! Thank you
I wonder if that new announcer at #CamdenYards is the reason why the #Orioles are #1st place team. Its gotta be great announcing
So gone already with and <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
If people with one arm go to get their nails done, do they pay half price?
yea and for some reason my tweets don't come to my phone
Joe Girardi doesn't seem so desperate to save his job with pitching AJ in Game 4. Thoughts?
People like new years because they feel as if they can start fresh. But my winter break homework keeps following me around.
what up my nig, my ass down here in Columbus workn and shit. wassup wit you ain't seen you in a grip
Only in Lubbock will you find the girl in my last photo ...smh po lil lbk
strictly for dating though? sounds pretty interesting to me.
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf you occasionally have sex
RT : - you might not want to own shares of the #GreenBayPackers, but I will gladly! Pays other dividends.
do it!
Hey,Genus someone gave you a chance.If U are self- made, You look like your are self- made.Tacky UNRAVEL
thats great news!
Come on, Hoos. Need another inning.
Exactly. But while they're playing, no guarantee you can get it. Paying guarantees the signatures!
Ready to dip
Looking at my schedule for the enrollment center in Burbank makes me miss having what little life I had.
I am moving to North Carolina over Easter weekend, I will miss all my tweeps in the D!
m imagine that, at the park on a hot day, grown ups running to a beer truck..
yes. I don't want to go to school tomorrow. Haha.
'I never knew cats liked ramen noodles"
I was born and raised in SD....Is it odd that I've never been to Hodad's? How is it???
Big ups all night.
"The truth is pain,an sweat and payin bills.Truth is dreams that don't come true and nobody prints your name in the paper till ya die."
stay focus and kick ass!
IM Black As Hell But Im Rich As Well..
i will ! what do you need help on :)
best christmas gift ever<3
nnnooooo don't do that ! Lol!
thank you. Same 2 you! :) enjoy
Awesome, plz use it brilliantly. =) RT We're hanging a brand new light rig in the venue RIGHT NOW.
Agnelli & Nelson feat. - Holding Onto Nothing (AvB Universal Religion rmx)
: The Bills have been quietly assembling a nice little roster there.
Yes, that is my earnest wish
Woot. RT : Will do! Only a little over an hour until TACO PIZZA!
I love hearing Morgan State marching band from my house. They're practicing "Last Friday Night" right now.
happy friday my.baby.girl!!
The clap is easier to get rid of
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones ~Theodore Roosevelt
Its such a lovely day today! Chilling in the garden! #SunShine <3
Tomorrow is going to be so boring
I fucking hate you.
RT : SXSW kicks off for us today with speaking at #precommerce summit. Let the festivities begin!
Back in Tim Horton country!
Thanks for the shout out DHA! <3
thank you :D
Hope your Saturday was spectacular! Had another day-cation with the hubs at the Riverwalk ~ Downtown San Antonio!
Today i had a talk w/ the sex doctor ( fliccRozay ) lbvs . He sware he know everything .
cocaine? !!!!!:-) i hope its cocaine jk
ill never understand this teams struggles against Charlotte! Every game!
So excited about all the new fans! Welcome everyone!
had a gud time 2day but da weekend needs 2 come faster
Ariana Grande is our angel that wears red lipstick and a flawless face<U+2764>
Happy hunting!
April is always da worst month
The best thing about the future is that it comes only one day at a time. -- Abraham Lincoln
Snow storm 2012 hit me hard tonight, Fred meyer's was totally out of ground beef for tacos. I love tacos and I can't have any. So sad...
Hate when my son is sick he's so not himself
#GirlsShould learn to keep there legs closed and #guysShould learn when that bitch is a bad idea #teamfollowback :) haha real shit
what's wrong w whatsapp?
what app is that?
Thanks for the #Follow last week!
oh I def will :D
#bookexpo RT Inviting you to my cocktail hour in one of those construction across from Javtiz. Bring your own lighter fluid.
Both, I think! And well put, sir.
Have a lovely birthday!
so many heroes, right here among us. proud to be a New Yorker, today and every day.
talk to the silver fox that's how we got longboarding allowed
Doing math on online discussion forums leads to impressive data visualizations by Sean York
There's a breeze in my house but there's no window open. What and why is that? Little creepy.
Are you gluten-free? We carry a gluten-free and low-sodium soy product!
We are excited to have Spanish student interning with us this summer. Welcome Leyre!
Is one of the things Baltimore excels at in the arts is serving as an incubator? Is that setting our sights too low, or should we own it?
Gallardo pitching his way out of the rotation for the playoffs. Would much rather see Wolf in tense games than the
Perfect way to start off the year - NFL Game Day
So excited for what is in store for Natalie's Pageant Closet 2012!!!
no problem :)
Well just had an aud for "chevron" today. Fingers crossed and lets hope I book it.
Time to practice!!!
agreed, let's get the third out before they score.
Tryin to a stat up
I have been a stay at home mom, raising 4 children. I would love to see the President do that!
Is Ringo really gunna eat that!? Double-decker deluxe cheeseburger with O-rings on it looks more like a Jenga puzzle ready 2 topple.
its a little after 4 am and im still up
A new program for the preschool crowd that builds successful learners and lessens aggressive behavior. Better than bandages.
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
#SABPremiere Watching switched at birth! :D let's all get #SABPremiere trending.
Will our children mostly eat from food trucks?
Star wars day lolpawl < avengers
call an ambulance for me quick <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0091>
payday will be worth all these broke nights I stayed up...
Your life is infinitely creative and the Universe is bountiful Put forth a clear request and everything your heart desires will come to you
Why the fuck isn't my (neighbors) wifi working???
Some 10 year old told me to fuck off...
#Jamba Juice has a great buy 1 get 1 for a $1 in Valpak this month! Be healthy and happy while saving $$ all at once!
haha! There is always more to learn. :)
At the 48th Fund Assembly for attorneys! #VideosAreRockin!!!!
State Attorney Lawson Lamar says #hazing cases "will not be prosecuted in the media." Adds "this is not theater."
The bathroom at this place is fucking horrible.
It was better than Superman, X-Men3, Spider-Man 3, and of course better than the low budget flicks like Dare Devil etc.
#CTY changed my life. For the first time I was just average. Every day challenged me in the best possible way.
Haha! Love it :)
Steve Nobel gave great presentation 2nite to ASID at Kravet Dallas re:exceeding client expectations!
So i look at the bottom of my screen.. and there is an ad for psychologists in orlando. . What am i doin wrong lol
Screening of Academy Award winning documentary about to begin !
Always supported them & will continue to! RT truman thanks for your support for the little league you always do a awesome job!
Anyone here partnered with YouTube?
I know this is RANDOM...but I am still mourning the loss of Ms. Whitney Houston -- the Voice of my generation for sure. RIP sister.
Princelilshun summited a song Look At Dis Dude check me out
Lots-o-Activities today here on Kauai! #CharityWalkKauai Pre-Walk Event #MayDay @ Kauai Museum + #CincodeMayo & #BoysDays Fun!
IM pumped up like Arnold!!
Have you voted for SAC Chair? Voting closes 9 pm tomorrow!
i agree! might be the best class i've had so far!
we have joined twitter!
hahahahah omg no.
Just told my new boss, "Welcome to your highest level of incompetence." In all seriousness, I'm thrilled he's my new boss.
shoutout to , you should follow him! :)
very cool
I guess this is why i love twitter so much. I can rant and rant.
Congrats to our hometown favorite on being
I have never LMFAO because that's anatomically impossible.
we r open tonight for some kereoke fun.....we've got the dj from nino's down here doin her thang!
1 game, big deal!
I turn my phone off for half the day..I don't txt anybody.
morning sunshine
is delighted and happy that he booked the principal role on the BBC Television Series The Fugitive Chronicles. I start shooting tomorrow.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese
Can I just live my life with out all of that and you.
Join us for the "Halloween Cutefest: Puppies on Parade" on 10/29, 3:30 by the dog park. Cookies, cider, dog treats! Pooches in costume!
That was the longest fucking movie ever!! But was really good.
Live racquetball internet show tonight. Sunday-July 31 at 8pm CDT. Go to www.racquetballjunkie.com
And we will play for #8!!!!
im mean. if it wasn't for women, men would probably still be playing with a wheel in his cave. we do everything for the ultimate women>
What a contradicting statement.
RT : So is Stone Sublimely Self-Righteous but I'm guessing you knew that ME:Haven't had it in 4 years so I'll have to revisit
Oh, if a MAN had said it, it would be an immediate punch to the groin.
Will do Spence.
: okay fine whatevs
-- they'd just find somewhere else to go. Where there's a will, there's always a way.
Idk why Wade even thinks about shootin jumpers
Plohetski: We are in San Leon. Much destruction in this small fishing community south of Houston.
now i'm looking at the horses! Daddy Long Legs and Daddy Nose Best are related. I assume Daddy Nose Best is the cokehead horse.
Looking good!
No it doesn't. I have no idea what happened, but it does seem there was racial profiling involved.
I'm
finally got the tape.had to send twice,so you should have it this weekend..I have been so busy..and my tools were at the exs
I don't believe we were put together not to be together. I don't believe there's anyone out there that'll love me better.
I still battle the chaos daily. Like right this second. :-)
: You got me hooked too! This looks amazing. Well played, Scholastic, well played.
Are YOU coming to class tonight??? "like" this post if you are!
you ought to teach a class to some of these females out here! Keep preachin!
think of the children
Thanks for the support Toby!! Much love..
Strong Mexican ~ is amazing fan in Mexico. Arturo deserve best tweets from are amazing.
Hell yeah! Crank it but don't be shy on the bass!
I just realized, I never ate lunch. Thank you headache for reminding me!
I learned a lot from hearing read her competitive erotic Dora The Explorer fan fiction entry at tonight's show
RT : i swear i just saw miss celie in the chambers... #JobsNow [u know u goin. w/gasoline draws & a glass of Shug Avery pee]
Gorgeous! I'm going to have to follow you on shopping trips to steal your purse-karma.
ugh today was a rough day.
It was a Redman album from the early 90's. His best work by far.
you my nigga envy do you think #PIL2 album didn't sell well because i didn't have diss records? because its a great album!
I swear, everybody has. I know I have!
I look up to Jeremy Lin. hahah
Yes! At the Real World Conference. Are you in ATL?
We are so proud of all of you guys! Keep going!
I wouldn't trade you for the world, you are my dream that has come true
cruise got postponed
#DontFollowMeOnTwitterIf you are not a positive person. We are all about positivity, creativity, love, and fashion!
You're more open to creating change then staying stagnent when you are not in a comfortable position in life. Think about it.
“: The perineum is called a 'taint' because iT AIN'T one thing or the other.” This qualifies as a "Fact?" Hm....I smell a rat.
yeah! A fried of mine is visiting Van right now and checked in this morning off Granville.
not a chance. In fact, I should really swing by the office when I get back tomorrow...
I've been pretty good. Just been working :) when are we hanging out, neighbor?
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. - James Crook
Tonight, We take cabs.
At least I stand behind my words and not an anonymous Twitter handle.
Thanks for the great pizza today. Excited about keeping touch as we both take over
#lilwayne said.. If its 1 thing u learned from me its "Do U" cuz we all know its not what U Do its how U Do it
in a word: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack. Loving it but I miss being able to breathe. How're you, madam?
Jamie Dimon (JPM) Feb. 15 on regulators: "They make trading sound like someone's sitting there, guessing." Today: So much for that!
Learning responsive design!
Mike Conley just sealed the game with a sprint
hey! Doing 365netflix too! (via facebook) watch "Convoy" it is made.same year.your '78 stash was born
I have shed many a tear as well but I think I am done...Although ask again after a really bad day that may be a different story
I don't feel like studying. Sigh :'(.
yea kinda..
I cant seem to fall back asleep.... wonder why *looks over at <__<*
yes, it stands well enough on its own. Having seen the other movies adds flavor but isn't necessary
It always seems impossible ... until it's done. ~Nelson Mandela
opps, forgot the #genealogy #ff the new
Fish are are friends not food....except dolphins. They think they're so cute.
“Their devotion, their valor and their sacrifice will live forever in the hearts of their grateful countrymen.” - General John J. Pershing
Goodbye beautiful, sunny, warm Florida... Hello bittercold, windy, almost snowing North Dakota! Break was amazing, I love my Florida fam!
Is EVERYONE on Twitter drunk? WTF is going on??? ... lmao
James Harden is on fire tonight!
looking good man!
Haha well then that sucks.
I'm sure you miss the NY pizza
'American Idol' Performance Finale: We're Live-Blogging Now!
you gotta follow me back for dm haha
What defines YOU?
I think you need to petition the Steelers front office for a starting #FB position.
I'm exited for shiny shoes! Thank you! Off to Lego Land soon!
I want you back....lol jk I got better
I am stronger because I know my weaknesses. I am wise because I know I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness.
"I need to get in shape." "Round is a shape..." Lmfao.
Ozzie: coaches happy to be able to work with a guy like Streeter
When you think about me do you think about seventeen?
Walking my dog at six am #highlightof myday
RT I wanted to text you but, then I remembered we don't talk anymore. -This makes me think of and someone....
Danny great question! Basically, as long as they announce it beforehand it has been held constitutional
get better! You must meet Will. I miss you and Mary miss her gay uncle?
be sure to make me skinny in the poster.
just call me the mad Hungarian!
Have the day off? What better to do then come to the Anchor Bar!
Who do you think you are, I am!!!
#GoTribe Jason Kipnis is hurt on my game so I brought up Cord Phelps
Why are my toes cold :-/
you know...
WHAT'S GUCCI YOU HEARD THOSE BEATZ WE SENT YOU!
that doesn't happen in the girls bathroom?
perhaps email or phone communication would work better for in depth talk.
1 May 2012 - Robert L. Peters
You guys should play 's song 'Can't Stop' or 'California' c:
It is ICA's final concert of the season: join us on May 23 at 4PM at St. Gregory the Great Church at 5535 N Paulina St, Chicago, IL 60640
Meeting with my production team on Monday to start attaching my main actors to my film "Characters".
I've found the urban/cultural centers of the south charm me. I want to bring silicon valley with me here.
No no no MT | Peyton Manning will become the next quarterback of the Denver Broncos, barring unexpected snag in contract talks
Ian is so cute<U+E414>
It's #tweetmob time w and 6 to 6:30pm - tag/follow #gigs4good to join in! (And get your tickets!)
Scottsdale has average temperatures of 70-80 degrees, it's amazing!
sorry somehow missed this pm :(. Keep up the great work we'll have it on our radar! Feel free to post links w us
I want some hot stuff baby this evening. I need some hot stuff baby tonight!
Another event-filled weekend in Boston. Great people doing great things. Who will I run into this week?
Volstad should be pitching a shutout
Great to meet with the City of Seattle project team today. Thanks for your support.
Just followed a lot of friends I thought I was already following (How's that for a sentence that wouldn't exist 10 yrs ago?)
cough cough what do you mean?
im like wtf is this thts y i fuck with twitter
Everybody eat bread
On use of metrics: MT : Dominance of single measures, what do decision makers do with these numbers? Are they actually used?
Leaving the practice arena, heading to bed. Been a long but awesome day. Love you all
Thanks for following! You're amazing!
Watching #CNN #Syrian Special now. Important. Tune in.
Keynes and John Terry in the same sentence. Wow.
I need to make a check list of things I need to do before Prom Saturday.
Just tried with my class. Next time: fewer options. Being able to *see* their choices is a good thing.
Aw! That's wonderful!
Its about time!!
Watch your dirty whorish mouth!
The Cosby Show was like my family in a sense. My daddy was a cook cause he cooked CRACK and my mama was a chaffer cause she transported it
Why hasn't put Jackass clips on Beavis&Butthead yet!? It's a no brainer! Get on it!
where were you when I was playing MW3 an hour or so ago :)
Go to ShowYourLoveSD.org if you care about San Diego and what it will be like to work, enjoy, live and learn here in the future.
Les Cayes Trial continues ... RT Audience at trial is very emotional.. They're being asked to leave the premises/courthouse
I had a great day on the set of VICTORIOUS working with such talented young actors..It's gonna be a fun week!
shout out for shoutout?
I WILL NEXT TIME JUST LET ME KNOW BUT STOP AT QUICK IT ON DA.WAY LOL
DEAL!! Back at you!!
Hey Caroline, great seeing you last night! Thx for the iPhoto mac guide, looks great. Do you have an online version?
RT : The gift and the curse of Russell Marbury we are seeing it all on display....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Congratulations to the Food Allergy Foundation Mother's Day Food Allergy Mom of the Year for Canada Jennifer Roberge, founder
Why's it always gotta be left v. right?
Nothing like playing shit in your neighbor in a work meeting to see who can leave early.
can you make me a sandwhich?
up and down... up and down.
am in DC. will talk with Suzie when I have some downtime... that is not today.
More than Octavius and Mark Antony By this vile conquest shall attain unto. So, fare you well at once; for Brutus' tongue
#SeaWorldSanAntonio re-opens today! I always enjoy this day. Come out and say hello.
Thank you for making the Jewrican so much fun!!! I hope you dont get your Spanish and Hebrew all mixed up now ;)
Greg Hunter has Mike Quackenbush for a sitdown interview. Mike mentions that he's been one of the longest reigning champions.
Oh, that's wonderful! I'm way South here. Everything bloomed, then it got hot: ninety degrees! Cool now, tho. Frost 2nite!
Your years of education, research, deductive reasoning help you figure that one out Dr. Feeney?
Its #Jersday Season 4 jersey shore tonight on
RT : Nope sorry. It's not considered a "figure hugging" dress if a skinny twig is wearing it.
Girls are always saying how they are getting treated badly. Well, stop falling for the boys and start looking for a man.
What's everyone doing tonight for new years?!
Goodmorning twitter in a good mood :)
Take the hint! I keep rejecting your friend requests for a reason!.
Overeem's lawyer: Overeem intentionally withdrew from UFC 146 out of respect for his body. And respect for the fans.
Just pawned them off on lafey! Sucka
Dude your follower count will hit over 10k by the end of the week, bank on it lol. Anyway I can get a follow before you blow up lol
I love Terry O'Quinn, but premise reminds me of show that ABC tried a few seasons ago about the rich family.
Addicted to Jackass movies =))))
wanna hangout?
I do mind because you said you liked me and all this shit and now ya like other people -_____-
I'll be home in an hour.
It's amazing how a night can go from great to horrible in no time.
happy birthday! 10
my point being: she was walking around the whole time like she had just gotten "married".
It was another fun night of talking about the issues in
Thanks for the fast FB!
nightmare on ill street...
Home! Have a rest finally <U+2663>
Why yes, that is some metal on the airwaves of , courtesy of 's Aaron Turner.
My tweet didn't sound right. Who cares what it is about I meant
#CFC taken to the cleaners
If #oomf was taller, I would have taken him up on his offer. ;)
hm...youthful? i doubt any of them will "outgrow" their racism.
Here we go...pick is in!
"music's the only thing that makes sense anymore man. Play it loud enough, it keeps the demons at bay"
I wish my professor taught class outside on beautiful days.
I just want to be happy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I just want to cuddle <3
what Are you talking about I'm black?
Egypt Proved Change Is Possible, Sexy and Cool!
sounds like ya got a new man friend
Thank you father for opening the dishwasher just in case i wanted to do the dishes. How thoughtful of you.
SO depressed about The Mikey Show :( now what??
Ryan Ludwick strikes out like it's still 2011.
About to crush it at the gym
Let it snow let it snow let it snow! :-D
Photographer Michael Peterson shooting here at R2K Studio Today...Followed by Omar Gomez one of our awesome co op renters!
Ended class today with before and after pics of Sammy Sosa
I appreciate the s/o big homie
RT : Breaking Al Arabiya: Official in Nicaragua Presidency: We shall offer asylum to Gaddafi #Libya #Feb 17
#Inception should have won best orginal screenplay
The wind is really freaking out me and the cats! What is going on?!
The Statue of Liberty will close Oct. 29 for a year-long makeover to add stairways and upgrade the interior facilities.
RT Here's some fun news for #bendsalmonrun racers—Brew Dr. will be providing free Kombucha to all racers at the finish line!
Good game! Demos you guys did your best! Demo splash gang!
Not a real good idea to watch DVR while the storm is thunderstorm warning is happening.
I miss twitter. ima tweet all day!
Plain White Tees like RIGHT outside my hotel? #whhaaatttt?
Thanks. I never listen but I hear its not remotely entertaining/informative anymore. I wish them luck however.
still not on the lakers level.... They good but it's all about LA
I don't look like my age
“: Love: Lady Garden v. Vagina (via ) #Mom2Summit” and So funny she said it on CNN . Lol
no moved here got a job and just living
Just sound checked and getting ready to go on!! Get on down to one under in Livonia for a great party!!!
Oh man some people are just so desperate.
A couple that runs together stays together. But more like if hubs keeps making good food, I'm never leaving him.
I need food, where are the doritos?
So much going on in FL this time of year. Send us info on your upcoming events
he's been trying to find ways to annoy me but he hasnt done so yet. :)
I hate when that one person at work asks "what are you eating?" as if yogurt is some foreign food. Next time I'm going to answer "baby vomit
GO TO GOOGLE
Study Shows Link Between Soda and Heart Disease - 93.1 WIBC Indianapolis
Remember the Hashtag for tonite is #wherecamptb2012 it's going to be a great night!
Thank you Jake! RT : really digging Suno Suno, great job!
Begin the countdown to the start of an amazing weekend. Where will you be boozing for Cinco de Mayo & the Derby? We'll send you a $1 drink!
aww i guess #himym will never be honored the way it should be at
I might be there so hit me up if you go.
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start...*
It would appear someone built Camp Magic MacGuffin in the middle of a tundra biome. What an idiot.
Thanks. Bungees - all the rage now. :)
I was just squinting at the tv wondering if you were there. Bummer.
Please follow . she follows back and she's a Directioner. thanks! :)
CHEWY WE LOVE U ctfu!!
If Grill walks in a run, we are going to lose.
Google Docs, your API is incredibly frustrating right now.
mmmmmhhhmmm.......63 more days for your twinkie
Ok cool, I'll give that a whirl (literally). I love kale.
hey on your Y Scottsdale times, add Sunday mornings from 8-12 it's free to get in and play hoops, 2 courts of 4's
Thank you! <U+2665> All love to you <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
I dont like saying no i think it hurts peoples feelings.
looking awesome!! how were the celebrations?
thank you!
Who got 2k 12 for the ps3 nd stay in neely hall
You're welcome! Happy Friday!
Are you in LA or the Midwest?
I beat the beat the beat uh uh uh uh uh lol
Kids in the ACM school all complaining today about snow on the first day of their spring break. But that's why we love Chicago! Right??
Did he look angry?
But why they're playing the Bonanza theme over and over again, I'll never understand.
Prez of King City #Teachers Assoc testifying on AB 1858, concerned about high interest district pays on state loan. How does this help kids?
My 2 favorite things together, and Nascar. It's going to be a great weekend. :)
All the pervs are all over the 7 days of sex trends. Haha ;)
Now tweeting from my Kindle Fire.
Question is . . . who cares and at what multiple?
I love nights when you can wear shorts.
Anybody got footage of that Lawrie meltdown?
Sorry you won't get the #Coyotes, #Canada. Instead, enjoy your parting gift. Darren Pang.
twitters kinda cool lol.how do I make friends?
talk to she said the exact same thing. Work hard. Study hard!
The "absolute" is the realization of Autonomous Identity. Ratio. The circumference to the diameter of the soul.
She be actin' like a grump today.
in answer to your question. Israel gets their oil by paying for it.
stop tanning
What do you think about the phrase: "Moving and shaking." What does that imply?
thanks darlin!!! Xo.
High waters an busted sandals <<<<<<<<<<<
Looks like Kloppenburg just picked up votes in the latest count - appears to be up by 350.
Thanks for lunch ! A pleasure as always. Some great ideas and conversation.
": smashed da fuck out of them salads" YEA, I DID IT!!!
Twins fans wait out the rain! Our very own Daphne Adato is at the ballpark. Listen for her report at 1pm on WCCO Radio!
i don't think its ur piss that smells like that.... lol
Thank you! You too, great app!
Thank you, my brotha! I'm bummed, but looking forward to getting home! Let's keep in touch!!
hopefully the Jags as a franchise choose to follow his lead and announce their retiring from the NFL
Already got the worries part down pat--bring on the success!
via Manuel A. Mendez To all my dreamers. Own it this year! Its your dream no one else.
Having a blessed day, hope you're having the same facebookers.........
. Health risks from recycling...sometimes you just can't win. Back to the drawing board.
He who asks a question is a fool for a minute; he who does not remains a fool forever. -Chinese Proverb
I need to stop getting so worked up about all this stress.. It could be ten times worse. Still
I'm voting for Tony Luca on The Voice who you voting for?
Everything changed ... People en masse were getting involved and the great and inspiring MLK had emerged from his pulpit. - James Farmer
Do you have a favorite band? Let us know who it is!
sometimes we can be consumed with the need of being responsible for what's not our responsibility
Seeking a Career in Broadcast Technology/Engineering? Sign Up Today for the NABEF Technology Apprenticeship Program. Reg. Deadline is 2/15.
ideas without execution aren't very good ideas. <3 me
Love the M&M commercial
Sad the collection of the architect who designed UTSA's campus is at UT Austin, but so happy that they emailed sketches of his design to us.
“: Ahh please keep the #F1 facts coming - in severe F1 withdrawal, and can't wait to see the new car!! :)”
This morning our intern hit the road with LAHSA's Emergency Response Team!
Thanks, #2011cmc, for the tour Enjoyed meeting , seeing where the Tiny Desk Concert magic happens. Now, back to work.
check out his tweets. he has a contest going on 2 put 3 fans on his site & feature their work or what they do for a living.
Question about #peackeeping mission in South Sudan. How does the mission function in a situation where all out war might break out?
These girls are hard work.
Any tweeters still livin in the fb world request the Art Stormm Show! Neva disappoints...but isn't that the point?
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
Britney Spears -- New York Bound for 'X Factor'
our philosophy as well, don't get it twisted
Anyone else having #frontier internet issues?
"So how much does it cost to make a QR Code? Couple hundred bucks?" Yes, and I will sell you the QR Codes.
It's Friday - set your spurs and ride 'er into the weekend!
Soo mad for no reason
I can already see Austinites coming out from hiding from the heat of summer and getting outside! This weather is why we live in #Austin !
Tomorrow I will drink the he-brew. Today is all about the Manischewitz. Purple power.
Hey there, (MrPoliquin), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
He just spit back inside my ice cream ugh I'm good
This is a push business! Push and drive! It's push push push, all the way, all the time, right on down the line!
yes i do
Just found out that has a Twitter. The fanboy gods rejoice.
just booked a segment on Better TV (FOX) for client, Eat Your Heart Out Catering
That's awesome! Is the screenplay a horror or another genre. Do you direct as well?
Returned from Lexington: beautiful yearlings, wonderful people, and not too much rain! Good times!
Who wants a free photo session? At 200 likes I am giving away a free session!
I am ok thank you everyone for the concern, Quest will continue in a new location TBA
anyone want me to make them an icon?!?!? just tweet me the pic you want me to edit and i will(: #bored and avoiding homework-__-
you are very welcome!
Home Depot. Advance Auto Parts. Build a closet. Fix a car.
: Like your idea. We're doing something similar in #MKE. A photo show of #homeless folks. Hopefully to break stereotypes.
I definitely think the Fire Marshall will take issue because she is smoking hot as usual.
And now the great panda sleeps...
getting fit doing sit-ups.
The 6th comment to reply to this status update will win a pit pass to the KICKER EL PASO ARENACROSS......HAPPY COMMENTING.....
in the studio with
Happy Hour now with 2-for-1’s on everything ‘til 7, and $10 tap beer special tonight. Put your party pants on people!
sweet hope to see you later
Just saw Avengers for the second time with my mom & my 2 bros.. That movie was too epic!!
It would be honor if you foll0wed me? Please :)
Thank you!
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz TONIGHT from 8-11pm!
Today is National Stalker Awareness Day. Its time for all of those Stalkers out there to make sure you know they care..alot
gr8 game 2nite Brandon! You really had that runner floater goin! one day maybe ull be as good a shooter as me
I don't understand how some umpires can pull off their uniform so well.. #doIhavetowearthisinpublic?
she has bad fake eyelashes on. Someone should tell her to lighten up on the glue.
Just received my completion report for my 25th birthday campaign in 2010. So exciting!
Offered tater tots as a side for my burger instead of fries. New one on me! Thanks Lunchbox Laboratory!
you can delete this tweet now if you want, lmfao.
On board Virgin America--feel like I'm on Soul Plane...
I know I should stop reading The Chronicle, but I can't look away.
Wisdom is know what to do next virtue is doing it.
How could I not like having your soft lips sliding up & down on my hard cock Michelle! xoxo
word!!! T.G.I.M. Thank God I'm Mexican
Only work Thursday Friday and Sunday this week. Who wants to party?(:
WATCH: Kurt Cobain and the French Go Offline Amid Cyberattack Big City: What Do Career Women Want?
Right On
Why are Australians so damn hot. These Hemsworth brothers are just. I can't. I can't. Thor & Gale 4 evur.
6:45..a we bit early, but in two hours I'll be done with these crazy exams :D
crazy! what are you doing in houston?
it sounds really good right now. haha
Hoppus On Music better come out on DVD/Blu-Ray.
it may help if i said
is recruiting an e-learning leader for a NY State College:
#ghettotranslations dude reciting poetry on an nyc subway = "can I get a dollar to by some more alcohol my brotha?"
Wouldn"t it be awesome if Red Light Cameras played Edgefest? Voting for local bands starts next week.
FYI I hope OKC wins!
But then--coworkers see me wearing my top hat--they'll know I'm on the way to the can. Must think of better solution.
#thatawesomemoment when you unknowingly save the biggest taco for last. yum
: #sefolosha "the neutralizer from Switzerland" nice!
I don't think I heard the Browns mentioned one time in any off season talk, not once.
totally going to use "literatim" to talk about copy-paste in software development. Thanks for the cool word!
Finally gas prices higher than Chicago.
so gosh dang pumped
stop tweeting and answer your text messages.
Thanks everyone for coming to VIVIDA. Seattle knows how to welcome visiting composers. Also thanks to partners:
COUNTING DOWN THE SECONDS TO JESSIE!!!!!!!!! AAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!! I'm so excited!!! :D <333333333333333333
Actually we're out of space on the tour! But thanks for the promo.
: tell you what.? Lolz
fake my signature?
fix the coverage in dfw...i have no service!
Leadership is knowing that if you wait until you are perfect before you help others get better… you never will.
Sorry I didn't; had to get out asap out of fear for my life
#cnndialogues welcomes from cyberdissidents .org and , who ran for a seat in parliament in Egypt earlier this year.
Yal my birthday is this Sunday!!! ((((:
Screw you miss daisy
Off to Palm Springs to start a 3 week #camera op / sp gig.
We can't believe how great our fans are for sharing our FB iPad Giveaway! Keep them coming! We're well on our way to finding a winner!
I wish you would reply to me, just prove me wrong & make my day.
#Fletcher: "America's Finest City" worked but time for change to "World's Most Innovative City" & back it up...
I Gotta Get Out More Real Tlk
First day back to school at Positive Tomorrows from the 2 week Fall Break!
Awesome panthers/devils game 7 OT. Not rooting for either but I'm nervous.
Looks cool Quinn, think it's time for me to fill out a profile :)
Ugh. I hate Zack Ryder.
yea! We're so glad you liked it. ;)
When you see my face, hope it gives you hell.
It was a good game yesterday, to bad they started down 3-0, lets get them tonight!!!
Stop worrying about people who aren't in your life anymore. There's a reason they didnt make it to your future.
Today is the day. Doors at 6, we go on at 7. See you there!
follow 's cat
don't think he would do well in the bronx. too much pressure there
DJ Chuckie tonight
How did you celebrate your mom yesterday? Share your stories with us!
aw thanks dude;D
my CODY'S ANGELS Braclet Is Showing Aha!!!
I have all this homework to do, then I still gotta exersize when I'm done.
Welcome - looking forward to following you!
oh! Thank you so much. I was consumed by wedding yesterday & forgot to get back to you. :)
ur welcome, have a good day and hope u get to 500 today
also i would be the happiest girl if u re followed me fory birthday on may 1st PLEASE!!!
Don't miss out the chance to see and Jeff Van Gundy at #CoachingULIVE 2012!
#shitDCsays RT : "By now, you've no doubt heard of the hip new craze of wonk rock." - actual email I just received.
- happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday
For an outdoor fundraising walk event
How great and joyful, is Resurrection Day
shorter #SOTU: Obama is #reading BATTLE HYMN OF THE TIGER MOTHER. now go do your math homework, America.
Just having some sushi at dragonfish downtown!!
. You're not talking personal business with 's wife are you? Cause that is O U T out. You can't do that.
Congrats and Michelle!
The JJO run at Dizzy's starts tonight at 730 featuring the legendary Mr. Frank Wess! Hope to see some of you there!
thank you! :)
i don't know how i ended up married to , now working at usc neurology & soon the west la va w/vets from iraq.
What do you call male ballerinas?
That's another good example.
sure, swing by, I'm home. In basement so may not hear door. Text or tweet. Thanks
You're not so good at surprises if you talk about them all the time and post them all over the interwebs.
Real classy Pittsburg...
I will find a way to get my ass to Kent State somehow. Not letting this opportunity go away.
LOVE it!!!
Observe, my slightly younger cohort: these men have shown themselves cowards being due to the nonexistance of scofflaws in the half measure!
Eric Weissman, hole in one 5 north.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
k fuck u pussy
Whoops. I forgot to add an #angst hashtag.
Waiting patiently on that new Queen Bee album,these bum ass bitchz r gonna regret fucking with royalty! Queen Bee 4eva!!
We've got two certified birth certificates to deliver to homeless people! It is very rewarding to help people become self-sufficient.
Can't wait for My Morning Jacket at Red Rocks tomorrow!
Great #Jazz trio gig last night at the Shanghai Bistro Hudson in #Wisconsin. Good times and good players.
I've played v little 08 hu but 27td has gotta be much higher variance
i help u u help me
When do they hand out the award for best sound engineering? I know who isn't going to win.
too early for these jokes. wow!!!!!!( u are funny)
#latimesfob - what is official festival airline and hotel? do speaking authors get discount?
#OneOfThoseAwesomeDays when I am recovering from surgery and my kid is sick and throwing up.
Gotta like what former Badger Jon Leuer is doing to earn minutes for the Milwaukee Bucks.
thanks for the kudos about our branding. Make sure to check out - they drove the brand concept.
Underground is on tonight!! 8:07 at the Wesley Foundation. Tell a friend!
Good morning Shasticians!
Thank you for the tweet!
I hope I get the job at publix!(:
Listening to RINGWORLD by Niven, e-reading AT HOME by Bryson, enjoying both
as long as i get to sell the pony, or donate the pony to a girl who reeeeeeaallly wants a pony.
figures finally become a reality is a dream come true. Four Horsemen have done an incredible job. They were the perfect match for the OSM
just dialogued Acts 18.1-11 n Sean Robinson's sermon wit my kids n wife. Highlight of the day.
what? I think it is funny that I did it twice n 1 night :) hahaha
Sorry. I haven't had a chance to listen to today's show yet.
#FF for the latest & greatest food on your Vegan menu!
Hate is a decease, talent the cure
At Passover my 5 year old cuz opens the book and goes this is Japanese. Then proceeds to sing I'm Jewish and I know it
#Barcelona vs #Real Madrid
BREAKOUT SEASON.
Dear Allergies, I wanna live to be 20 and beyond so please, don't kill me!
haha thunder storms are awesome tho!!!
never took the time to notice demographics, just have enough bandwidth to navigate the masses. Noticed Lego is better 4 little ones
Archival photo comes alive knowing the story about officer Tim & the fated Fugazi performance.
From colleague at LOC via FB: "500 shelves of books need to be transferred... have to come up with the list in 2 hours... is that possible?
remember: education is a social tool
Thanks! We thought it was fitting :).
Today's verbal coupon: Tell your server the words "Twitter Korean BBQ" and we will give you a FREE Edamame Appetizer. Thanks for the follow!
“A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions.” – Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. RT
tomorrow is a big-big deadline day for all 2012 Fringe aritsts!
going to chirch
I have to entertain myself somehow. I'm already bored of looking at pictures of 1 inch of snow.
congrats on the new business. Keep saving the earth one fork at a time!
Thank you Ann! I am happy to be following you as well. I am just trying to figure this out so not posting much.
What's going on at this week? more magic and inspiration? yup!
Thunderstorm and lightening finally hittin fredonia
I swear Isaac had less followers than Jordan like a couple months ago..
Aww that is a cute picture:D
someone come take me on an adventure. Im bored.
Mobiquity Partners With FlightView to Deliver Five-Star Mobile Travel Experience - MarketWatch (press release)
no squares bro...
love how you talk about me on twitter thinking i wont look.
I just made that US History test MY BITCH
Medium rare? Hmm...an aristocrat.
Hi Stephenie, I was wondering if I could film you tonight for a short clip in a video I am making for PRSSASDSU?
I want the Old Facebook Insights back!!!!!
Immensely missing all my friends at my old school, but is starting too grow very fond of my new ones. :D hope I can go on that field trip
Lmao : Telumundo RT : What channel is the game on?
&..IM NOT TO PROUD TO SAY I CRY SOMETIME WITHOUT IT...
Hope everyone had a great weekend!!
I'm sorry & know how you feel. My boys woke up crabby & have been arguing all day. Time for a long walk for mom!
not worrying about hating it. Just worried about the lack of freedom and that I will feel stifled. The Job is at Amtrak!
its going to be amazingly epic! #bourbonfacedonshitstreet! :)
And the results were again pretty impressive
I'm gonna miss my senior friends/:
Great news! Well-deserved.
I wasn't trying to, I just assumed you didn't have a PS2 so you wanted P3P. xD I'm assuming you've already tried Amazon?
Now that the entire metro area has carbon monoxide poisoning, let's pour buckets of water on that fire, shall we? Water on a fire? So smart!
I think retweets people who have no functional knowledge of punctuation or grammar just to annoy me.
FUN FACT: #Pippin was the 1st #broadway show to advertise on TV. "If you liked this min, just wait until you see the other 119 of them!"
A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed. - Henrik Ibsen
hope to see you both there! ;-) there is also the Apple Scrapple festival in DE in the fall!
...and why should it be so difficult to rotate a photo in Facebook?
I know! You always hang out with Jubee and she doesnt like me. Haha.
best boss in the world!
happy to contribute some culture to the twittersphere!
who need beats
RT : More great magicians to follow on
does that mean you like it?
Bout to set up some fire wit
thanks for the #ff...hope you have an awesome weekend too!
long time no chat hope all is going well have a great day
Whoppers taste like chocolate covered armpit
the bulls are falling apart!
can't believe mark got me hooked on jon and kate
Amount of destruction in the third act is comparable, I'd say.
Twitter: the only place where you get excited when a stranger follows you...
Wonder where Justin is, he didn't do his 3am tweets.
Hancock: "Julie was at home. She didn't intend to go out. She never intended to cause the hell these people have gone through."
T-minus 57 minutes....
We'll have to work on that for you!
Nice show Kardashians
CRAZY BUT TRUE.. I LOVE YOU <3
I already follow you! :)
Feeney would be the one to do that too.
ya it has been fun
Just think, if the #Astros had read the writing obviously on the wall in 2006-07 or so and rebuilt, they're probably competitive now.
#1 hit today Asap rocky- wassup
I work for the library, we try and follow what people say about us on Twitter.
Lakers run this!!! Enough said! :D
I can't even try to go to sleep without getting you mad..
Defense rests.
#TweetersOfTheDay: Follow & Mention --> , , & In Your Tweets! THANK YOU! :-)
Two shows down and only 2,136 flyers left to give away! David Lee Nelson...Status Update The Beehive Inn 3:45
Thanks for the follow back lovely woman.
"I will see you on your knees, before the King of Kings," -Devastator, by For Today
Man to daughter (at New Seasons 7 Corners): "those are not organic. Those are the kind he brought and they are no good"
Then again, you might get her son, who is studying art history at the TUM. :-)
I have the biggest smile on my face [:
Choral final -.-
valid point
Happy International Woman's Day! We hold the keys ladies!!!
Aye who cant get on niketalk right now?
just killed it...straight!
Hopefully some changes occur in the next couple of months pretty exited :)
lol.. run now:P~
As a 21st-century librarian, it probably doesn't help that the pencil is likely a smartphone.
Well I got no more truck! Fuck you mom and dad
Name this team/city! Whose logo had a smiley basketball face looking up at a crown which feature the skyline of the city?
GOOD MORNING, GOOD MORNING, IT'S GREAT TO STAY UP LATE! ;]
Up next is Biz Dev Today presentation by Dave Delaney of DaveDelaney.me and Courtenay Rogers of Bone McAllester Norton
Working on a 60,000 member class action today.
Oxy Mo: Fiberglass Boat
yeah! It was so full! I wish you couldve come!
go on ur messages of myn
thanks for being so considerate
Actually wanted to see JCarter but figured I'd watch on DVD.
Who wants a shoutout for shoutout ?
Good luck w/ the shopping. Merry, merry!
yeah Call of duty - Black Ops
Left & Right, You Won't, and Red Rattles getting underway at the -- come on down!
Im going to go for a run after school everyday
Only God knows what I'm going through.
I ate a half a turkey pot pie before I left my house tonight = ITIS!
In pain hit my arm on some dumb shit -_-
Having a really good day! How's my twitter Fam doing so far?
Great first segment for Pierce Hornung setting the tone early with a couple rebounds and a couple hoops. Rams lead 7-3.
With Tyler , listening to Boyfriend , he likes it <3
Omg Matt yesterday I kept on telling random people I saw on the street to listen to Matt Hunter sing on youtube! :D
We have to start an add campaign - Read Shaedes of Gray. The extra "e" does not stand for erotica.
my wrists are fully slit listening to this fairy talk about his #BLADES I'm sickened
how do I reply to lol??
I'll have another
All time fav
Dang, she told me she really wanted to see you, maybe y'all can catch each other tomorrow.
Just beginning #zaslow "The Magic Room," with a new sense of urgency to read it and an enhanced poignancy to each of his words. RIP.
Struggling. Doing my best.
Dear jasmin you and nick would make a cutee couple! Love your icon pic too tweet me more!
Our September newsletter is out! Read it at www.facebook.com/amli535
I made it on my ipod with this 3D t-shirt maker. Yeah. Bye.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Life will eventually startle us back into the truth of Who we are." ~Rumi
Tragedy Links Those Who Weren't There, Too - Arizona Public Media USA TODAY Tragedy Links Those Who Weren 't There, Too Arizona Public Me
I am chris james..
Finally, twelve years after everyone else started getting accepted to colleges, i am on the acceptance bandwagon
"Engaged Writers/Dynamic Disciplines": faculty preference 4 "alternative" writing in their own disciplines affects how they teach writing.
Just got your postcard back in the MAIL! What could I possibly have done wrong. I need to try again.
LaDo Fitness Program will be offering a Physical Fitness Clinic, in the Houston, Texas and Kansas City, Missouri Area.. Time & Dates TBO...
thanks for the RT Jason! Hope you enjoyed it!
blew your mind!
Glad to hear you liked it! & Tomer do a fine job! RT : Great dinner Bellevue. Lamb gnocchi was awesome
thanks for the retweet renato!!! will return
that's awesome. I'm waiting for pro registration to open up
we might as well fucking get married....we fight like fucking cats and dogs
What Makes A Woman Unstable? Any Comments
My honey is going fishing in the morning with his buddy. I hope he catches lots of fish. Tomorrow night, I will be eating crappie. maybe
Until you believe, you will not understand. Saint Augustine
I don't know but can I get a retweet anyway?
how are you enjoying the new
We finally have a nice day, thankfully - we have had rain, sleet, and snow the last few days. Hope you get sun soon!
Gorgeous day! And the patio is open!
My eye has been twitching all day. Not a good sign.
Completely agree. It's a shame because there are SO SO many awesome stories (plays/people) in baseball
Hey all! We are anxiously waiting for our event dates! More info to come!
been meaning to make a trip there for awhile & finally have the excuse of a job-related conference. thx for ideas!
finally since like 10 years in catholic school i am finally the oldest in the school... but people in wendys are FUCKING WEIRD ..
I can only hope to be that lucky one day.
crazy, but no. it was one of those strange moments. we all freaked out!
anytime white chocolate that's just what I do
Neighborhood 3 unloads TOMORROW at 11PM! If you are able to help please contact Jessica DeRegnier ASAP!
Nice to meet you at B-W game. .. see you soon!
Stay tuned. There's a "little" surprise coming.
bout to get dominated by this workout
instagram is for your phone, you have to have an iPhone or Android :]
bored as fuck right now!!!
hey it me roc how are you doing??? Much more than i thought
Your popover ads make reading on my phone very difficult. Please fix.
Round 2 is looking good! lets see who shoots them them self in the foot!
This nigga is in DENIAL
Thanks for the webinar! Leaving with some great take-away actions.
double... crossed...
God the radio is full of terrible "music"
TY RT Are you a chocolate lover? Read this RT Here is what I've been up to and why haven't tweeted in a while:
Tough luck Kershaw, no W once again
just wanted to remind you that are the cat's meow,and i love yew.
hey! plans will revealed as soon as there is more info
Did you ever think you would want to shower w/a Pop Tart? Wait till you see "My loofah Cookies" You'll be tempted, just remember it's soap
true but still not the worst ;) <3
I think I may be losing it - I actually like them now!
Me too Im questioning which sucks tho so I have never had a boy or girl friend ): Because I just dont know
“: Happy birthday to my lil bro !!! A great year ahead of u!”- thanks dude!
not really, look around you as if you were someone else.
Schedule your workouts just as you would any other meeting/event. After all, isn't exercising just as important as all your other to-dos?
ineed to move
We still can not send out our campaign-payment gateway still down?
Windows 7 RC running pretty solid!!!
way to
#FF offseason NFL inside info & analysis
church &then probably sweet frog :)
No smoke and mirrors, at Mountain Trust we find the best loan for YOUR needs. Call me at (858) 376-1299 for a complimentary loan evaluation.
I love when my friends text me back...NOT!!!
It certainly is - can lead to SM conversations, which can lead to something more! Have a great weekend Deb!
Wind is still gusting to 65 mph...speed limit in stadium is 55 so go figure
Does anyone else have trouble viewing posts with YouTube videos? Ive an iPad and the thumbnail covers the comment like and share buttons
Yeah, San Francisco still exists, ya'll...and it needed medics and journos today.
Good morning!
Nope just a radar gun...
*talks at phone like.in da commercial* "remind me to get a phone you can tell to do stuff like set reminders and shit"
do not judge the twitter skills lol
thnx so much for the rt
Respect people's feelings. Even if it doesn't mean anything to you, it could mean everything to them.
"Believe you can and you're halfway there"
I perceive a highly developed sense of entitlement
where you been.
FREAK MARY PRANTIL CRIMINAL STALKS MARRIED MAN WHO WROTE "CONTROL ROOM"
that's cool. I always keep a coffee filter duct taped to my back Die Hard style, just in case.
eating dinner and watching the draft in the hotel room
True, evidence should come forward. Big truth, this wasn't even going to be investigated in the first place until outcry!
Boston Red Sox, Cannons, Celtics all win. New England Revolution also win including an amazing goal. Perfect professional sports day.
send a message on Facebook and we'll get you hooked up
like from star wars..may the force be with you..today is may the forth be with you hah:D
Yeah it was a joke. LOL I guess they could have Corey Haim take his place. That would be hilarious.
A mother's love....
OMG creeper !
But only could because she held onto the Son of God the One to whom she belongs
how's my hubby
I know it's been a week, but I'm a big fan of your flowcharts. They make copyright kind of fun.
i would like alot more if they didnt have 2 old guys that only talked about chicago teams. cause thats all they talk and fight about
Oh, lord, no more "curators," pls! I see that GiltCity's "senior curator" is offering me a bikini wax and pedicure
thanks for the follow ! :D
wanted to take a 19 year old girl to prom who happened to have a career that was deemed inappropriate and was denied.
Looking for fun & interesting day trips in Iowa during spring break. Suggestions?
Service Technicians Jay Lebica, and Tom Felix are a call away if a issue or questions arise.
It was awesome to hear call the HIAC match for the "End of an Era" match. It was a slobber knocker!!
going to see that animated fetish movie "Boots in Puss"
THAT'S IT!!! Tired of this shit time to restart, revamp, and rebuild.
"I'd rather be hated for who I am than loved for who I'm not"
im tired of hearing excuses based on age
The new side dish menu looks tempting....what's on it that would still keep me on my healthy eating plan?
because I've had bad enough night before I even got started with this, and now it seems like it just got worse
let's try this again, shall we? RT : I think I may have married a carnie *#AwesomeAnnaQuotes*
stories were put to music by The Alan Parson's Project in the Mid 70's songs like The raven, TTHeart google it!
Yeah been on it for 2-3 days so far.
Skin is the tightest organ we have straight up# skin being the shit
only one trick-or-treater last night who looked suspiciously close to my own age.
- yes, it would seem that way... But people (and animal friends) are not always what they seem...
Thank God the weekend is almost here.
yes. your phone on?
streams are the new tv.
It's all over in Orlando! Magic tops Philly 113-100. Bucks two games back from 76ers. Tomorrow Philly plays Indiana.
lmao i fucn know, I always wish they would sell in jars like that marshmallow shit but they dont <U+E40F><U+E113><U+E410> i only fux wit doublestuf
I'm starving! D:<
Great idea!
Wish I saw your evite earlier! Would have been nice to see my fellow Canadians. Hope y'all had a great time
Informal economy is untaxed and unregulated. Unfamiliar here because it's smaller here than most places
Champagne Sundays $50 off your first private room between 4-8 PM (Any room of your choice) $5 domestics, $5 Burgers, $5 wings until 9pm.
is that cross stitch?
AFTERHOURS PARTY EVERY FRIDAY AND SAT ST. MAY 15
which is really a Holden Commodore.....
Did you see the beer can chairs??
Finally the #nba2k12 update is in .. Ron artest is now
Knock knock. Who's there? Maker. Maker who? #MakerFaire !!!!
Nice! We still have some gust of wind in Tempe, but it's definitely a beautiful day out. We better enjoy it while we have it :)
Hilarious listening to Dirk Nowitzki getting excited on the sidelines as a guest on the Mavs' broadcast.
When a coach goes out of their way to mention 2 former players, and no reporter asked about them. There is something brewing.
waiting for my dim sum girl
Yes, Sand vball in the rain does sound fun. Guess I can't play in my work clothes tho. BUT offers dry cleaning!?
Congrats to for nailing #NFL trivia: In 1992, James Lofton was the FIRST to break Steve Largent's all-time yardage record.
Takes Maturity!!RT : When ever you have dispute with someone..talk it out, don't walk it out. Good friends are for keepin!
The reasons why we should go to Mars are pretty obvious, but they are not the reason we are not there yet
Hustle hard now, rest later with FRESh cut from
can u please follow me please
Tweeting that thing you told me not to tweet just minutes after you told me not to tweet it.
and made a reather healthy dinner. Currentl resisting the urge to eat a pound of gingersnaps.
you're welcome...!!
Gorgeous day!
Porn companies get at me I wanna do work! :D
Michael Vick can lead the Eagles to a Super Bowl if the chips fall the right way-he's that good by himself
Like forreal...this spider though.
so either way i get to meet Brit! :-)
Can you tweet a photo or two to me so we can see what it's really like there this morning at auditions?
How u women watch those real housewives shows ill never know
Poly vs Digital Harbor tomorrow 2pm at Camden Yards in the championship! Free admission and parking!
ME TOO......ouffffff :D
He looks sad ._.
On my way to the college should be able to get to class
Physicists like to think that all you have to do is say, these are the conditions, now what happens next?
Is there anyone arguing against open access who's not connected to/profiting from a traditional publisher or publication model? Just curious
Thank you!
I hate ghetto ppl
your bus driver drove right past my stop. I ran up and banged on the door. And he yelled at me "stand up" I'm done with MTA.
we will have a limited amount with us at #SOWO this weekend in Helen, GA
Sometimes progress isn't a good thing. :(
Watching "School House Rock!". Yeah, I said it! Genius masterwork of Bob Dorough (music) & Tom Yohe (animation).
*brings out boxing gloves*
Something tells me Delmon Young will still play on Yom Kippur.
Arizona loop hikes: Sedona, Williams, Kingman, Payson - Arizona Republic
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> just go head and do the right thing <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I have complete control over the way I feel. Today, I choose to take nothing personally.
Death Rattle For Cutie
But if course. I'm the one that got the Bruery Reserve Society membership. :-)
In the middle of blow drying my hair and the comb broke. If this is any indication of this day, I need to go back to bed...
just in general to spend due to the US money conversion rates, how expensive is it? cant be worse than Manhattan ol
CU Defense cant tackle Carey...he picks up 27 yards before Orms takes him down...broke off many attempts
When an academic has the exact same name as a bodybuilder, googling to find their email address throws up a hilarious set of images.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend That they can tell there secrets to, that won't judge them, 100% REAL!
Ok I guess it's cute to see kids get their free comic books.
Man this bih lady just called me a "wigger" cause I was wearing socks with sandals... that's uncalled for! SMH...
All I want right now is a massage
Nothing like a brief mid-afternoon nap. We dancers must rest our bodies.
from wishing everyone a great 2012. we had a lot of fun in 2011. looking forward to what 2012 will bring.
Big Content Monetisation Ideas for the Little Guy-Justsmellsogood.com By Darren Rowse www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Just painted sheets with the kids at the library to create a set. So fun. It made my Monday!
Tuning into the prayer room at IHOP this morning
Chef Ilan Hall looks like Danny Gokey - AND he can cook!!!
Only a few days left to ensure 2011 goes out with a BANG!!! So Much Pressure.....
fight the power bro!!!!
Thanks! I just posted it!
who does your massages? Does she work by herself or for a company?
was wondering when the west portal may tour is. It is listed on the may page but without a date/time.
They don't play til September, yet I'm pretty sure that the Bears lost today, too.
Worst day ever
Same, but with librarian jobs :(
Markets are over reacting a bit to EU, I think its great news long term. Let Greece and the other non producers fail as they should
haha love it*
Your welcome baby; )
i sound, look, & feel like shit. just fucking dandy. im going to bed, goodnight.
Biggest fears spiders losing someone i love and tree branches<-insider
send me a copy
If you call or text me and most of the time I don't answer.... I probably don't rock with you.
I don't know why that doesn't make sense to everyone else.
PLEASE PLEASE GET ANOTHER GOAL PLEASE
I pass this sign that tells me I'm 69 miles from my exit. I giggle every time I pass it. 69. Hehe. I'm basically 12. I just passed it.
Raves About Menu From La Tropical Drink To The Carnitas. Bartender Was Vry Cool!212.2748225
Sue Dynarski speaking on evaluating Michgan's No Worker Left Behind (NWLB) program in terms of both employment & educational outcomes.
You are always in Nashville and I never see you! Saw you are playing CMA Fest, super awesome!
At PRSA GA Awards to celebrate my boss being given the Radiant Star for her leadership and contributions to PR - congrats Judy!
Love that after stepping out to the store for 10 mins my dogs greet me like I have been gone for years. Makes a girl feel special!
girls dont want to hear that they are hot or sexy, they want to hear that they are beautiful.
Well that just goes without saying. It's not even an option!
We need another fro yo date.
To the Gym! Have a great morning! :)
let's just call you an acquired taste. Much love.
been there since forever licensed by state authorites. Unfortch #ROC news engines try to make something out of nothing.
or when someone on the business side says something brilliant like "can't we just change that in production"...
ya look hot Judy booby-_-
Lionel Richie without a doubt is one of the greatest song writers and recording artist. I believe his country roots are evident!!
I take no vacation from your presence..
Enjoying the amazing Bella Luna in the sky tonight.
OMG, this is the best news I've heard today. Love love love me some Michelle!!!!! Now following!
Thanks for attending. Hope you got something out of it....aside from coffee, a muffin and extra credit
Bryce Harper just stole home, what a beast!
This is amazing.
": Ever have that one person whose presence automaticly pisses you off?" know a couple....
My flipmode squad is dangerous
Bring it!
Yea, I'm up with the owls a lot too. Laying in bed with a good video can help, or a good book. I get musical late at night, tho.
Basketball with Later
forever and always
Need u to rock with me on this party... Check your dm
UPDATE 3-Aon sees investments paying off only by 2013
gotta say he does speak the truth and doesn't back down when confronted
surprisingly no. Just go to you account settings, and its the first option. You will retain all your settings and followers.
Yeah, can do, if it's ready.
#pancreatic cancer #advocacy day #call in - Tuesday WWW.pancan.org
oh man, don't do it
It's Barry bright.
So my birthday party started 30 mins ago and I'm the only one here so far.
Captioning Niall Ferguson is a lot more fun than it has any right to be.
Last report from was Edgerton up 3-2 after four at Brodhead in softball.
Wonder if the Colts will modify terminology in the playbook to accomodate he Stanford duo....."Spider 2 Y Banana." :)
Great point by : understanding customer behavior and knowing how to provide value #1 asset
we find out tommorow!:)
#Altiverb, your Great Pyramid at Giza IR is fantastic! If only it'd been available when I was doing mummy sounds last year...
I want to grow old by you <3
I can't help it, he's inspiring me again..am I a sucker? If only congress would take some of this consensus building language to heart
Hey Destery<U+2665> I tweet you!! :D
We need accountability & community RT : Amazing racial justice work dismantling school-2-prison-pipeline shut down abruptly!
That REALLY annoying moment when you want to get in bed but realize you forgot to put your sheets in the dryer....YEA, real cool.
Baby turns 1 today and I wasn't on STFU Parents a single time! What a year!
to my friends at the tap. cheers ! the best way to drink a cup of coffee is with a french press. check it out at the tap and mallet any time
seafood. Crabs & crab cakes & jumbo steam'd shrimp & snow crab legs..
it's not tied anymore 4-3 kings lead
Last day in my office...start working from MI<U+2665> Tues! ah!
hell yeah snoopaloop!
yeah, im guessing it was paul blart? no that cant be it, is it channing tatum, no. oh! i know. YOU! what do they look like
Make your mom think you love her and bring her to a show tonight. She gets in free with your admission.
I got a 15 and Klouchebag called me a nice person. Will you still be my friends?
You can also follow for updates on the Klein Oak girls' game, courtesy of and
free bird
Enjoying an amazing brunch in Tribeca in perfect weather with my cousin.
And then the rain came......
I fuxed up today
haven't heard that album in a while but its a good one!
It is about social cooperative behavior. Accounts for pack behavior as well. Nasty implies not getting along even while hunting
I don't normally top, but he sure did have a pretty mouth. I hope I didn't cause too much throat trauma.
I want to thank Naomi for her patience in assisting me today. I am now better educated in how to use Twitter. Thanks!!
Scott Ty for every fan you entertained,Autograph you and Rick Signed,times you got in the ring when you were hurt,You cared.
Admissions expert needed for paid session with client applying to MSc programs at Oxford and LSE. Email if interested!
I want a fitness ball !
I'm back from the Maldives and ready to tweet more genius upon you. Oh, and Peyton Manning will be a Seahawk. Heard it here first.
Austin. Made the connection in DFW with minutes to spare after a good sprint. Glad I'm traveling light. I need a mojito and nap.
you guys are so totes g'd up from the feet up
#HappyMothersDay to all our authors, followers, and friends!!
Sugar Coma!
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. ~ Aristotle
Only till tomorrow afternoon. Wish I had more time. Would love to meet you!
Damn, Don Harmon I hope your next life is better than this one...may God take care of your family. To think I mowed your neighbors lawn...
Getting ready for master classes and cc/
I think you should just come here and do it!
where do you get all these inspirational sayings from?
If hard drive failures are fun, yup, we're having fun now!
Come to The Early November!
I figured it out,thanks for reply. Am in SanDiego & would love to chat after tax season. Have used ProSeries & QB for years.
I don't know why "my hovercraft is full of eels" is considered a useful Dutch phrase on this website...
sorry anna. im immature as tbf
hey lady
Welcoming warm san diego weather. Ah
#JESUS LOVES YOU!! SOO BLESSED! :)
A big welcome to all our new followers! Your support is so appreciated.
You are very welcome! Have a wonderful day :)
we love you! Tell us ALL about you! I know I'll be listening/reading :)
We're giving away another $250 gift certificate at Eva's Bridal on Oak Creek today!! March madness sale! Come see us!!
Talk nerdy to me
RT : 24 hours more, you can pick up the new Lady Gaga iOKi Karaoke App for the after Thanksgiving sale price of just $2.99!
Our website is currently experiencing technical difficulties... we hope to have the problem fixed quickly & thank you for your patience!
FINALLY finished reading "The Marriage Plot" (Eugenides) lovely writing but a bit of a slog getting through it all... feel free to disagree!
Speed and ecstasy associated with depression in teenagers
This is my last day home
Had to run this morning -_-
I used to strive to make you happy everyday I could. And when things slipped up once, you threw your hands up. Now he's hurting you everyday
it's a great time to try something new to revitalize your lifestyle. Playing good rock drums for instance.
We will be there in 10 min.
In music looking at the collage of all the places the high school band has traveled to :) I'm so lucky to be in it :D
after 2 bad trips last year, gave delta another shot. But sat on runway for hour+ at LGA waiting for gate
Plus My Cadillac Take Premium Gas !!
#ProTip The 80s Sherlock Holmes series is on Netflix and it's good.
I believe I just had an a-ha twitter moment. I will now tweet "$&?! My kids say" daily. Stay tuned. And yes I know this idea is not original
pats all the way! Giants vs pats the sequel
ha! Sorry I'm missing the sweaty flannel and jeans d'manic panic.
That's okay. As long as you know all the words to Did It On'em you're a good enough fan. :)
lol I can't shake it. Nickname dubbed by some friends when I studied in Africa.
Practice practice practice
hahaha, my parents did the same thing on some sunday like two months ago. Nice.
just sent my Evernote notes from 's #SXSW presentation: "The Art of the No-Decision Decision"
My 2:30pm feeling? I'm so glad I am not wasting my life, working in some shit-hole.
Thought I'd catch up on world news on the BBC but much talk about President Obama's statement to ABC.
My ankle feels better maybe I can start running in the next few days
Well, in your case I have to confer with my colleague about scheduling. You are not forgotten.
Waiting for former exchange student coffee with the President in Seoul.
Who needs a shirt!!!
I didn't realize it until now.. But i was the worst person in the world for even thinking that wasn't all my fault.
+1 RT : Seems to me most hospitals need to learn marketing 101 & get basic CRM systems to understand customer prefs.
Great, now the Tar Heels will be angry when the Badgers come to town on Wednesday. I wanted Bucky to hand UNC their first loss!
when is 2012 sched being released???
I <3 when I get put #oncall before my alarm goes off! Back to sleep
lol were they someone who was use to having gas waiting for them like that ?
where are we gonna so the video
S/O to my followers
Like politafact lately. They put Sandy Pasch to the test. Dumbish people dont read the articles. Just the headlines.
omg Taylor Swift won tonight so happy right now !!!!
does the old lady thing bug you? either/both parts?
finally ordered my #SoListen skin. Can't wait to get it.
#LadiesNight too, dagger! RT : Sure wish I coulda went to Vituccis tonight
No I found out when she was 4wks along but we got the first ultrasound today and reality is setting in I guess
Was a pleasure watching our friend Jake Clemons tear the roof off the house last night. Well rocked, brother.
damn -_- I didn't see it
following you now lol #mitchies all the way
We had fun too! Sorry we left early, we're kinda lame & like dan said more babes but not the crazy kind
Same reason I can't get my indie/punk loving cousin to even try to listen to Phish. She responds to genre and not the music.
It's been a minute since I've been in Granville
Seriously considering being a writer more and more. Sometimes I forget how much I love it and I forget my natural talent until I'm reminded.
Power's back on at the house, and the kids are still asleep. Will miracles never cease.
Make it nasty
“: Oddly satisfying to say: 'Send it to Legal.'” I'm going to say it even though I don't know anyone in legal.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality
#10FactsAboutMe I have dark brown eyes
I miss you to! And mn, you??
Doing #bikedc this morning!
Yay! 12h and the tire'snot flat!
Matthew Perry was originally offered the role of Captain Jimmy "Raven" Wilder in Independence Day.
whens ur next concert in new york?
Congrats Jamie Bugio on your new Forever team member! Love this business!
I've sneezed 16 times in the last 40 minutes. Damn you photosensitivity.
I'm young and on a mission
It was heaven.<U+2665><U+2605>
GREAT entertainers to
Monthly Canton Dog Park meeting tonight, 7pm @ Canton Cove (2901 Boston St) conference rm. 7pm. Open to all. www.cantondogpark.org
I love you <U+2665>16
Thanking the Lord for blessing me and my loved ones to see another day...
and Brian Williams...GREAT SHOW tonight! Absolute Emmy material
well I guess they hacked into mine too because I just got a mean nasty message from ya
I really need pictures I have N O N E . -.-
when you haven't gone shopping in a while, you start trying to convince yourself that out-of-date stuff is still in style... lol...
I saw Crimmins live and he was awesome, but I agree, a tad struggling and desperate. :)
If you're not jealous, then you don't love the person. If you don't love the person, then you're not suppose to be jealous.
Victories come in all sizes. What victory are you celebrating today?
Best Jets Team Ever Tournament: Championship Game - The Jet Press
Hey! When will your video be uploaded?
thats the way to do it lmao and put all the stuff in your shopping cart even though you know you cant buy it...
So did the Black Sabbath reunion end up being true or a rumor?
Get those stories out there, don't beat an idea to death. Yes!
Good Night!
Go MKE! RT : Winner winner chicken dinner!!! Puerto Rico bound!!!!
LETS GO MIAMI!!!
#StayAwayFromMeIf you're going to talk bad about or in front of me.
#sick ...take care of me? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> please haha
The #EuroCup is always the same year as the Summer Olympics and the #WorldCup is with the Winter Olympics
So excited that is moving to the LES! Brunch at Schiller's sometime, you, me, and ?
No Noel Coward programs today. The next one is scheduled for June 4!
Bad week. Broke my iPhone. Lost all my contacts (both of them. I'm back to wearing glasses).
From OZ: Magic Bars are Back on the Menu
* Cut two similar-sized hearts from a grocery bag and paste the edges together
RT : Congrats students for your achievements
checking out new sushi spot Tabu in la jolla this afternoon with our SD team and 944's fearless founder/CEO Marc!
Mentorship opportunity! RT : Freshers and students of #PR feel free to reach me anytime for guidance. 8 yrs exp. behind me
Watching the final episode of friends. Best comedy ever
Congratulations to Alain Visinoni from Las Vegas. He won today's noon tournament.
My Bro Betta Be Lucky I Love Him.
Of all the scene edits of the boys I think I favor the louis and liam ones the best.
Oh, sucks for everyone we stood up that are going to nippers right now.
Time to do some work
May be on TV now(kpbs). Unreal. Hope I got all my talking points in order and didn't free associate too much
1- who is the dickhead wearing a hat to work, 2- you look like someone shit in your cereal this morning
Love the passion and heat I'm hearing from the #Mavs F Shawn Marion via Game 2 tonight!!
Riding camels in the Negev with #JFGW240 Taglit-Birthright DC Community trip. Great times!
Congrats! and
These hoes on #BGC all weak as hell... Except Camilla of course
Thank you! (:
as soon as the semester is over, I'll be checking out your site!
omg. You ever gonna let it go!? Oh and you have a wonderful voice!
If you have other questions about meeting spaces, feel free to email us at
Dam Fresh Out The Shower
omgg ' life is going great (;
Okay people, really? Are you THAT shocked about Oasis? I think it'll be a matter of MINUTES when Noel's back in. #Oasis #Noel Gallagher
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Bobtail Soda Fountain - Dessert (live updates)
love your DIYs!! great use of thrifty items!
arthritis is kickin in, im a gametime decision sunday
Just finished some Friday afternoon plotting with
Craving Denny's. That can't be healthy.
is the best
You're koch-sucking love of BIG OIL is the most irresponsible thing in the entire world. RETIRE & LEAVE NOW, please.
they look beautiful!!!!
I wanna take a class taught by Kolanie Marks..
We really appreciate all of our customers and being a part of one of Lexington's friendliest neighborhoods!
yard work can take longer than anticipated but there R limits 2wht's tolerable, I get tht
I know but being around someone for years, don't u sometimes get close to coaches or players from just seeing them all thetime
any new product announcements?
i love those!!! Could you pleasee follow me back??
I prolly coulda tweeter about this earlier but was told to keep it secret: Reignwolf is recording with Ben Shepard & Matt Cameron.
This coffee shop is flooding
Now is good time to ask: What is the value of #derivatives on books of #JPMorgan? Total market value is $668 Trillion, 11x world economy.
USA Wheat and Blonde, James Blonde are brewing... What will you brew? Call to schedule your very own brewing session today!
The shit people say now days
Getting my Tiger Woods on...
This is proof that I shouldn't have attempted to do anything even semi worthwhile. Sorry to those six people. Lol.
laser arm scanner capturing geometry not color.
Who have you been most impressed with recently on the USMNT?
thanks friend!!
Hahahaha, you dont have time to hangout with me ? Yet , you can go fucking hang around fucking 7th graders .. LOL .
is their anythin more boring then law school, cuz if their is it needs to cease to exist!
You will forever be loved and missed.
[4] Pals escalate shelling of Israelis in Gaza & Negev, IDF destroys rocket factories & launchers –> Israel is charged with war crimes.
#mycrazyobsession boys with brown hair
Where was you goin' to tho?
Cool example of good ol' ingenuity at the #sxsw #diymut session w/ today. DIY camera setup = great way to test mobile apps!
I think I was born to be easily inspired by pretty much anything...& some say I'm random, but there's always a meaning.
At with Irv Katz and Nat'l Human Services Assembly. Livestrong foundation is a gracious host on #Veterans Day
Headed back to Chicago from MOSES Organic Farming Conference. Pondering options for no-till vegetable farming.
One leads naturally to the next...
oh justin, I´m so poopy coz u don´t follow me....please make me happy idol <3
Not in this forum perhaps. One fine night, a luscious lady WILL be panties-down across your lap. Believe it and manifest, my friend!
way to take one for the team. :)
I accept my role as the villain. Because this ain't no storybook ending.
that tweet should get you deleted from twitter lol
that miss by mo might have sealed the deal
But I get we gotta b on that shit soon...
The day you have waited for an entire year has finally arrived! Get excited! See you tonight at BYX Barn Dance 2011!!
test again
Foster care leads to loving family - KXLH Helena News
can I atleast try to start the rumor?
Wow... Florida is humid! Desert heat is way better! You actually dry off after a shower. Lol.
Tush! (Sorry, just like saying that. Loudly.)
What a great finishes! Boston, it wasn't meant to be. Next year, #Mariners all the way!
are you in Florida?!
bay house later tomorrow seeing my girls off too ring dance <3
Windy Cold Day, Homemade Chilli!! Thanks to my wife Rita. I can smell it cooking in the kitchen.
one question... do you want me to trash your lights?
Any Caribbean coming of age stories? I usually teach Jamaica Kincaid's Annie John or Michelle Cliff's Abeng.
Extreme Cheapskates takes 'cheap' to a whole new level. This man said he picked up the rice thrown at his wedding & cooked it for dinner.
BTW, so glad you're blogging again!
RT : Exec: #Cubs might prefer to hold off on Prince knowing Votto will be free in 2 years, when both clubs will be stronger.
bro > hipster
lol just noticed something bout their website. Tell u tomorrow
I wish I had some chicken to tandoori.
What roll do you see youself playing for the club in the next two years? Do you see a leadership roll as a goal for you?
I need my thumbs popped.
We want to wish a very Happy Birthday to Phat Jesus!!! High Guyz bad ass
Go get 'em tiger. ;) Have you been running?
Tweet tweet tweet
ok everyone today's goal on July 4th is to get the #300Followers. Let's get at it
March madness isn't just about basketball! The fishing madness begins now! Fish are spawning and about to go crazy!!!
Looks like I may have an extra room to Moon Palace in Cancun for 6 days, 5 nights in August for $599 a person. If interested, DM me.
No Saturday cartoons for me. Work it is.
I met her in a club down in old SOHO where you drink champagne and it tastes just like ?
Watching MTP for Biden. Good on Joe. , as usual, you need to surrender the Seat of Tim.
"From the moment of birth we are immersed in action and can only fitfully guide it by taking thought." A. N. Whitehead
Favorite novels 2011: State of Wonder by Ann Patchett, Rules of Civility by Amor Towles, The Art of FIelding by Chad ____.
Today is Toshiro's Mifune's b'day. If he were alive, he'd be 92 years old. And still able to kick your ass. And ours. Simultaneously.
remember Fister now?
Dana is so annoying though
Showing up to Seder with a hickey and a piñata. Oy.
What about for games? Is it okay to spoil main character deaths from FF7? I still feel awkward talking about it :O
Mik looks like great hire for Irish but it's not your father's Big East to para-phrase Joe Biden!
Going to a local dance performance or class this weekend? Spread the word & use the hashtag #dmvdance. Let's get it trending! cc
Whateva! You started it! LOL! Yeah, tonight is not a good night...you wouldn't win anyway! ;-)
up to this pain
Oh that's wonderful.
On my way to eat sushi! Yum! :-)
I have no hours of operation in place. Find myself pulling some 16 hour work days; comes with the territory. Giving God much praise!
you take that tweet back sir
I literally had the most amazing chicken kabob for dinner tonight in Tajrish square in Tehran. OMFG. WTF was that?!?
I'm impressed with the ingenuity of individuals who can maintain a shaved mohawk without a barber shop.
follow back
When girls are obsessed withsomething or someone<<<
kobe may be the player I have most hated in any sport.
Fux wit me on
Good Morning :)
I love my mom so much. She is always there. She does everything. Thank you mom.
Thank you for all the positive responses! It's AWESOME to have such great followers! Pls keep letting us know how we can serve you better!
Behind every flaming gay is a very ghetto middle aged black woman.
Blaise and I are chilling..long,hot day
A nice story about Baldwin- Fairchild!...
I don't know how but it happens everyday :(
we'll send you pics later
Haha you pull it off. I'm referring to all the idiots at the outlets.
no Rusty I have Never tried not to think :) wow
Looking for some yummy pilsners, lagers and kolsches in San Diego (cuz I miss Milwaukee aka Germany West) is ridiculously difficult. Help?
Pretty sure I didn't sleep all night. :3
Tickets to Mavs game... Check.
did you hear that is coming over tonight to watch the lakers and piss on your rotated mattress??
My lil sister says public art is retarded. Guess she don't understand abstract lol
#nowplaying Picturesque. Love this so much.
Promoted tweets...from the President... this is interesting...
Welcome to KY! Are you speaking in the area? I love listening to your message, reignites a fire!
Last night was the first time I slept in my bed in five days.... The first time I slept at all in three. This week with Twinn has been great
So who wants to be friends :)
So sad I missed it! Would have been a great way to end what has been an all around great conference.
Yes, absolutely! Have a wonderful weekend!
you'd think i was epileptic with all these hungover twitches i'm experiencing.
New from Ketil Bjørnstad: Vinding's Music - Songs From The Alder Thicket. On ECM Records.
I love your icon. its so cute <3 Congrats on the RT from Justin. Follow me back? :)
Hop off.
Napoleon Bonaparte is the historical figure most portrayed in movies. He's been in 194 movies, Jesus Christ: 152, and Abe Lincoln: 137
Writing writing writing! Though I'm confident I've hit the 10,000 hour mark. If we count grammar school...
You're HI-larious
I was just awarded a trophy for laziness. All I need now is for someone to accept it on my behalf.
Yea I know my phone Fucked done For Just DM Me
if your penis isn't Mr. Jones, what IS its name?
"Art takes many forms. It's not always just photography or print; it can be in a martini as well." #ARTINI at The Corcoran March 31
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Be sure to check out Jordan Ventures Inc's eBay listings & follow Austin D. Jordan
OH GOD. I JUST DIED. KORRA, WATER U DOIN. WHY DID YOU JUST CONFESS TO MAKO.
Can't you just change it to "Face |2| Face" or "Face to Face with Ralston"? (Not that you shouldn't be in first. Just sayin?)
“: Someone asked me why my ringtone is the "Like a G6." Up until now I thought it was "Like a cheese stick."”
I need sum of your #FOLLOWERS lol
Heading to watch Tampa Bay PGA Champions Tour event with
yeah, yeah, you win. But, in a lot of respects I'm happy you win :-)
Hey twitter who is ready for
RT : "There are two things I know in life: That I am a great sinner, & that #Christ is a great Savior." - John Newton
oops, that's
Also, I don't really like oreos. I only like oreos if it's in my ice cream or yogurt.
Gucci mane
Nothing like summertime Chicago... Heading down to Navy Pier and the Taste
Buildings with Libraries: A Soft-Spoken Amenity Developers of residential buildings are finding that providing an in-house library is a l
so watch me strike a match on all my wasted time.
yea dude its similar to the game which was awesome
Since they r not in the business of creating jobs, why R they assumed to make the right socially beneficial decisions.
Nevermind...found it.
ha ha euro step then dunk! he's back!..lol
The #Vikings are worse than I thought. And I love it!!
going to see the proposal later with the BFF
I don't think I know that one. is that the reading rainbow song?
i discovered the world of leggings and tunics!
youd be stupid to touch diamond dave. just sayin. my boy not yours
just finish eating so full mood:o_o
#Starbucks Opens 1st Juice Bar Today - 'Evolution Fresh' near Seattle.
The customer in front of me @ the coffeshop had a big order and slipped ONE THIN DIME in tip jar. A Rockefeller?
Big girls checking me out, hitting on me, gotta love gresham
you should really take a look at what Brand Affinity Technologies is doing in the space
If you're not reading translitmag issue #1 alum 's daily flash fiction on twitter, you are missing out.
rocks Madonna-inspired number. Performance not over-shadowed by creative
Kohl puts feet on headrest in front of him* Me:"What if you kicked your mom in the head?" Kohl's mom:"What's he doing, changing his pants?"
lmao right, he won't web remember saying it
Movin out of the northwest soon kinda torn I feel empty fuck I hate my life
Same issue, but I have a purring boyfriend.
#schoolmemories & I doin the lazy run during gym & calling it "messican shuffle"
i got mine at Journey's (:
"Even when it started to rain, the help gave out free ponchos (what is ever free at Disney?)"
30 minutes of sleep at a time... Is that all you've got tonight?
Thanks for the follow. Cute photo.
get cho corny ass wish my Shit was fake
yes! this should be a podcast.
Happy Mother's Day from all of us at Allergy Partners of Richmond!
Very cool. The Militant is just a #nativeplants newbie, but he feels like he wants to just plant them everywhere!
love the hats and wallets on the new spring line. Congrats
Spots are filling up fast for our Spring semester! Call 212-439-9996 today to reserve SWIM or SNACKtivities for your child!
RT : Midtown Jazz getting ready to go on Sacramento & Co. Tune in!
Little sister:" ahh dont go into the bathroom I blew it up! Let it air out" .......
Watch for heartburn symptoms after all those barbecues and picnics. Read my baby boomer wellness blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
still coming next weekend???
hanging with my friend Anna shes the best :)
Likin that eh..He is out the entire year with an injury,I guess he wont be complaining we hit him too hard this year...
HAPPY SPRING! (Oh, I love this time of year - fresh beginnings and warmer weather!)
I just picked him up. I've got enough offense, not too worried.
oh my gammit dont worry I bet u'll do fine in the future!!!!! :D
momma why i think i found this boy but on myspace! lmao. i couldnt even remember my myspace password!
#NowPlaying –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – David Guetta ft. Usher - Without You (Nicky Romero Remix)
If the middle finger is bad to show then why are you always kissin people's asses
Anytime, we're glad that you all loved it!
But it's easy being cheesy.
Got my #Brewers 20-pack in the mail yesterday! Tix and this warm weather gettin me excited for #OpeningDay! what's the count?
If I want a chance to win, I'd better buy a ticket! :)
my pleasure!!
It's too early >.<
lol but it's not real cuz u dnt hv a cock
in n out baby!!
Seeing War Horse at Lincoln Center with my dad and his wife. Very well done. Intense. The puppeteering is incredible.
well.... come see me.
GET RICH FIRST! Save the rain-forests, emotionally disturbed and poor later. - trust me you'll do a better job! :)
Congrats to our boys Atomic Tom! Spreading like a Virus now!!
hopefully you bring a win along with you!!!
You are so right Domestic terrorism looks like it's here to stay what a sad situation for us all. What is the world coming to?
Our exchange students are preparing to head back to their home countries, Thailand and France. Best of luck to them!!
": following u because u play Fantasy Baseball - Follow Back Please" I'll follow if you think Chase Utley is a dick!!
Anyone know any good DJ's that are in the #Greek community at ?
Wow a huge win for the grizzlies!!!!!
Ohmygoodness. O.O
allrdy am happy just from lookin at his pics
RT : My weekend starts now. Yay! << BEOTCH! I've got at least another 4 hrs before I can consider mine possibly starting :(
I would love to do this Seattle2Vegas rally. want 2 do it with me 4 carcast/car show? www.theamericaadventure.com
Hello John, thanks for the follow.
a forgotten great one! They were just in concert this past weekend....I got #wasted she got
was still at work at walked there.
If you didn't see young bleep shining last night I feel for you.
thanks bro! can't believe you're using Twitter again!
HPU why haven't you called me back yet? Can't you see I want you!
Looking to shape up and fit in that great bikini for the summer, come check us out at Flo Fusion Fitness
that's right CB
SO MUCH! B-Day = Free Burger. We also have $1 Burgers from 9:00 - Midnight and $2 G&T and Svedka Mixers 9:00 - Bar Time!!
Who's interested in a contest?!?!? Details to come soon!
omg I want more lol ! Dude wats varsity fanclub ?
I miss 5 days of baseball & I just heard this on radio pregame: Gamel out for year, Gomez to DL & Gonzalez possibly out for year?! Panicking
And then what am I left with? Wet dreams. Don't say anything, as it came out of my mouth, I heard it.
He's got such an amazing voice. I just want to close my eyes and let his voice wash over me:-)
Thanks for the #FF mention, Hope you had a great Halloween weekend!!!
of course I do c:
Congratulations & Happy Mother's Day!
tomorrow is your big day<333 I can't be there but I'll be watching online!:)
Absolutely do NOT use tortoise SVN on mapped network drives!
The food channel has exciting tips for delicious and easy dishes. TWEET YOUR RECIPES Rachel Ray
i would if i wasn't living on student loans!!
"it's your house!". Scare of you Texas lady. But you are right on not for but what Mitt does and not say.
Victory is sweet but change is better .
Yea its official Tami needs help....(-_-)
no one will stay in business if the majority isn't making a living wage.
- just remember what they say about "payback" .... :-)
thanks Ashley!! Glad you dig it ;)
Wish there was a practice life before the real one...or maybe there was and I just can't remember.
Do you know a tall and big man that is looking to add to his wardrobe? We are having a HUGE sale starting April 6th! Send them our way
me too!! Go play the hunger games adventure game :D so much fun
People honestly have nothing better to do with their lives.
sold my cube thingy. my room is so empty!
These nachos are not that good.
I LOVE
doesn't look too happy about it either!
Steak 'N Shake cook just yelled out "Tina you fat lard come and get your dinner!" I officially live in crazy town. Someone save me.
We have open times for oil changes today. Give me a call at 405-641-1581 to book your time
Bahrain plans to issue sovereign bond by June
SAY SOMETHIN' IF U FEELIN THE VIBE SAY SOMETHIN' COME ON GIRL DONT BE SO SHY
awww lol red is mine too
Best wishes in your recovery
apple, cinnamon and fresh banana oatmeal for me!
I'm so tired..
Amongst all the ignorant fuckers in NC..atleast my NJ Devils won. #devils The only good news of the day. CONGRATULATIONS!
He is growing up so fast and is just darling
#Japan are level!
will be 115 & without shoes it'll be like 90. idc if you guys have matching shoes or not, so you can buy a cheap pair or borrow
Back from LA, what a great trip. We made a lot of great friends and recorded some great new music. We can't wait for you all to hear it.
3yr old boy safe after being left alone at a Wauwatosa McDonald's. RT Perhaps this shows the need for safe xchnge centers in WI?
The Party Will Be Held At @ 3400 14th Street, NW Washington Dc 20010, RSVP Early, : )
Happy Thanks, and have a great weekend.
Have your people send a few links on your critiques of Murray's book, please. I'm trying 2 understand.
#Celtics showing their veteran experience vs. the young
that's awesome guy! We go in sunfay
can't wait either!!! Cya gals soon!!
no worries. he'll be by tomorrow! ;)
Vegan beef cant be beat yum yum yum
Christian, meet Charles. Welcome to the NFL
thanks brotha! When do I see you as a genie again?
"...we could not verify your ownership of using the info you provided. Your account recovery request .. has been closed."
That good? I'll have to give it try.
i wonder if hard wood is pretti wen its on fire
Your school had DI, and you were smart enough to take advantage of it. What you did with it is all you. :)
conflated with prostitution in both directions. I'll let you know when I dig up the studies I'm thinking of though
Happiness is heading back to Chicago in less then 3 hours! Wow the new Dallas Cowboy's stadium was off the hook, 8 more home games to go!!!
...except about how I have nothing to Tweet about... :D
Attending the FSU reception at
thank you.
": yea some help u are MzDentalAssistant my azz!! Lol I'm good nah...I'm high :D".....I'm just a student...LOL
All I can say is people thought he was the THE MAN once Billy Packer hung it up.
the bookstore has #33 in the main window.
In Just Our Underwear, So Our Skin Can Touch?
Headed to Madison to see Herbie Hancock!
Not being prepared for school today #teamdontcare <<<<<
Lmfao...dude shut yo ass up man damn haha
And still the fleet of Titanics sail on through the gulf between what we intend and what we accomplish.
Samsung R&D USA hiring AI Software Engineer in Irvine, CA
: We on for another round of March Madness discussions today?
cottage cheese RULZ!
College Lacrosse: Westminster Griffins take flight - Salt Lake Tribune
Should I be mad?
DCPS Beautification Day is on & poppin! Got my rugged brojan shoes, painting gear and headed out the door. It's gonna be all the way LIVE!
So Im thinking strawberry and passion fruit smelling massage oil, leather strappy thingy all in one, hooker boots and champagne me&boo leggo
trust me i would if i could
In one of those moods were I just wanna say fuck everything <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Im Off This... Goodnight ;-)
#Copyright does not cover ideas.
.. they did it to Michael too
Read YOURSELF! ^_^
Great time working as a Gala Guest on ABC's Pilot Gilded Lilys last week!!
What the fuck
Yes it's mostly comedy, kinda horror. By Broken Lizard... so awesome!
Thank you much!
apples and pears!!!
"It's better to love someone who's far and craves to be with you than to love someone who's near yet doesn't even care to see you."
wat!!! kayla told me u might come after you graduate?!
i'm going to look for one this weekend
congrats to all the seniors welcome to the real world niggas unless you still live wit yo folks
#reading Just Kids, by Patti Smith. I want to be her when I grow up.
A sign that I'm getting better :)
don't be selfish. Share.
Another day of #golf weather, take advantage of it while you can
omg i knoww.
Goodmorning :) I hope you have a great day :D
no way! I thought the day would never come lol :p
Hi Ralph, I would love to have you on as a guest on my show from Jerusalem, Israel
If you love someone, put their name in a circle, instead of a heart, because hearts can break, but circles go on forever.
of course. Figured that was a given!
action item
What is your favorite TYPE of food and why? I'm thinking about learning some new recipes.
Been loosing sleep working on the site for the past few days. So far so good.
So #Williams wins at Spain? Amazing season of F1 (other than everything going wrong 4 Schumacher)
i was like &#39;eh she must not care anymore&#39; hoping shed quit
And he continues to bless, I LOVE YOU JESUS!
Tpot thinks I make the same faces in pictures:((( what???
thanks brah I appreciate that real talk
thanks for the follow! Been looking at some of your stuff for the boyfriend's birthday, and I'm pretty much obsessed :-)
good to know I'm not alone.
. I've been a Packers fan ever since.
M RT : Food & liquor..literally
TV programming has sunken so low that there's TWO shows now about catching catfish with your hands PLEASE PRODUCE MORE SHOWS
has quite the calling.
Just baked #cheesecake with macha and #sake lees. let's see how it turns out.
Soo excited, can't wait till Tuesday. I get my copy of Adam Lamberts new album :P
Nice job Datsyuk!
funny, I just started wearing one again too. I still find myself peeking at my phone for the time though
We're having a great time at the in Rochester, NY! Stop by for some tasty goodness and pick up a last minute gift for Mom!
We're sorry we called Leonard Cohen "LeCo"!
I could be the Walrus. It still wouldn't change the fact that I'll eventually have to drive a Honda CRV.
If every season was like season 2, Heroes would still be on tv!
#NotHatinBut when is NYC going to get their first SnOw of the season?! I'm waiting...
Wearing out fresh with one of my favorite lines
I hate when I write something on twitter and when I have few more words to write 140 letters finishes.
Still waiting for google's gTax to make my Aprils a little less humbling.
New Co- Owner. Im Im excited. :]
It's all good, Chicago loves you anyway!
hey go Like us on facebook damnit!!!
what do you think of a web series as a business model?
So freakin tired
Work so long for scraps
bought the tickets we are all going tonight
thanks, Ali! I appreciate the "warm-fuzzies"! Hope I'll see you at Yoshi's and/or at Cov Hse Gala on the yacht!
Back to the drawing board.
you coming to MLA?
:D Gid loves you too :P
Ugly ass;
I can always count on S&H to have the right view.
fill the frame w/ subject, head in clean space, leading lines, photo in thirds, don't be afraid of off camera flash
Woah that was awesome big Thank you to all who joined us this afternoon! Stoked
38th street and Indian school anybody want to go after!!' the Best Nosh board in town
Heads up Girl, if my $ is right, I may try to scoot over to NYC next mo 4Najla's Graduation :-)
Doing well, haven't had much to tweet about I guess. Drew is def growing fast. Anything new?
WHERE YOU AT?
I program in HTML/JS/CSS. So either works perfectly for me!
Fool's Weekend and Mother's Day... Does that make mothers fools?
Trying to get my dad and brother to help with mother's day plans is like nailing jello to a tree...
What kind of training do you prefer? weights/cardio...etc?
ATTENTiON EVERYONE DON'T TRUST when he says go follow this person and I will dm u or when he said he will follow u he lied
Word. Although we still have homeless and mentally ill people using our library. They just don't pee on things (usually).
Last day at ! Come to my going-across-town party at 4pm at Trudy's (30th St). Tomorrow, I start my new job at !
My tennis racket broke. :(
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me before I embarrass you.
Our rewards will always be in exact proportion to our service. -E. Nightingale
: A bad week doesn't happen at 4:55 on Friday. Make every moment count!(so true)
you know you've known each other too long when you call and think your talking to your sibling.
.: a philanthropist: Anyone who gives anything - time, $, experience, skills, networks - in any amount to create a better world.
any with single payer systems?
#40dollars can educate a child in
Like atleast 10ppl said something about mii walk today...lol I can't help it if I'm Bow-Legged && Pigeon Toed n mii walk is a eye catcher :)
I am going to see Millie at #NRHS. Break a leg
RT - Hoping that the Jacksonville Jaguars can pull off the big win this week!
im doing good jst aint been on here alot but gonna change that
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Hey, it looks like he signed something other than a crappy printed headshot, too! Nice score!
. thanks for the info!
Just had an amazing design session planning "Learning in the Open: OER for Community and Technical Colleges" Stay tuned!
if not then thats fine
proudly charging the highest ATM fees in the business since 1882
what class?!
Nice camera!
don't miss Michael Johnsen ( #VIA2010 alumn / electronics guru) perform 6p tonight! HEAR / NOW Festival
I would be lying to you if I said yes, I had a really bad experience, I told her my life, and turns around tells everyone!
In 6 days I'll be eye fucking the boys ! IS THIS REAL LIFE?!
No problem!(:
We will be providing updates in the coming weeks. Be sure to keep following us for news on this
Ok no more cancer books. After A Monster Calls and The Fault in Our Stars, I've reached my limit.
Performance of flute and piano pieces on 5th Ave, in Park Slope Brooklyn, NY today June 21 7pm! Outside around President St. rain or shine!
thank you jenine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Haha thanks! Happy Friday to you, too!
A boy makes YOU jealous of other women, but gentleman makes other women jealous of YOU.
what u do on them cam shows and follow back
i just noticed when said my name in the shoutouts he smiled and giggled . lololololz . love ya tae .
" Life Goes On & Get Some Heavy "
haha oh geez
Today is such a lazy day for me
thanks for the #FF that's a great groups u included me with!
busy as ever. Trying to put the pieces together for my first music video.
If you have a #dog who barks a lot first of all you need to find out the cause of the barking in order to stop it
anyone thinks of you ! : P : P :P
May 15, 1896: The #StPaul Saints, play their 1st home game at Aurora Park, beating the Grand Rapids Yellow Jackets 17-0.
Worse service and experience ever at Crum Lynne, PA location. I will never recommend or use again!
My human form has grown weak. I need nourishment.
you're so pretty... :o can I have your face or?
well that is ridiculous!!! He has a way of moving people to the point of not listening ! He should stick to safe cracking
I know the way a nigga livin was whack But you don't get a nigga back like that! Shit I'm a man with pride, you don't do shit like that
hey what's up
Note: when importing you public rsa key to EC2 remove the '--BEGIN/END PUBLIC KEY--' part of the file.
french montana came off bro!! Nigga killed it lmao
hah! That office always was too cold...
#3WordsForYou god love's me!!
Popping open the wine and getting Dani prepped to record part 2 of our Desire memories tonight!
#InMiddleSchool I remember I had some good friends
Yes...i'm like 15minutes late to this convo w yourself so....didja ask? Who are we asking?
Apparently glen hansard was today! Nice pix
Is your Twitter profile a real quote by Maya Angelou? If so, I'm so happy to be alive.
she said it in front of me. It's ok though because she always stares at me too long. I think she's gorgeous anyhow, I don't mind.
God does speak - sometimes one way and sometimes another - even though people may not understand it. -Job 33:14
dear we <3 you
We will be closed Monday, September 5 for Labor Day. Come see us again Tuesday at 1PM.
Don't forget to tag us in any pics you post on Twitter/Facebook! We want to see how you're spending
#AlexandriaVA 2012 first-half real estate tax bills were mailed Monday, May 14.
The same people that tried to blackball me forgot about two things: my black balls
Sounds good! & et al -- participants are still registering their session ideas on the blog, so we'll see what emerges!
Apparently these people didn't get the whiteout message
Media fan gallery tix for JW Marriott available for free at NFL Shop in Indiana Convention Center! Tix for today, tomorrow, Wed
what kind of personality would you like to have on glee? -christine
your last day to pick em up was yesterday. Office is closed.
So we came up with another Genius idea! Tonight.... We're playing a world premiere! The "Not Like This Alphabeset"!! (c)
when that third person shows up to a co-write, and that person's invisible... goosebumps start sproutin'
#Manning is a stud.
Small rainbow over Hollywood right now!
I need to learn to differentiate wedges and levers
lets do it. hit me up 818 661 8712
yo college basketball fans: Northwestern or Minnesota 2nite?
just to get a chewing out about not answering my phone which I shut off at work and while driving Had a coworker invite herself to my car...
- thanks for following!
Running with OMG I think my weave is going to fall out lmao
L & G,We are being held momentarily by the train's dispatcher, wearer of fingerless gloves. Let's just hope he doesnt try to get fresh again
Did you guys know I qualify to be a plus sized model according to a group of Anglo-Saxons?
"I don't want government messing with my personal life...just make sure THEY can't get married." America. Fuck. Yeah. ("Ow my balls")
Please Follow a huge fan since the age of 8 you followed and spoke to me awhile back of real .
years later a doctor will tell me I have a IQ of 48 which some people consider mentally retarded
that wallpaper just needs to be retweeted by you and then go download the wallpaper from your retweet... It works
haha nice! Same, just starting classes. You doing a graduate right after? How's your final thing coming along?
that's ok I actually have over 20 things signed by Cody. I was going to give this to another angel that has never met Cody.
I'm so glad to hear it! You deserve it. My travel schedule just changed up so I may be able to come!
Sooner your out my head for good, the better
you're welcome, I can't wait for you to come home next weekend. Is devin really coming?
let's go!!! U got this shit down bro
I'm only gonna break your heart
Um, are people half-way around the world supposed to be getting badges? Wondering if something's wrong.
That's no good. Sorry to hear :(
I'm glad that my mom feels the need to wake me up every single morning
iced honey buns are so good!!!!
I could do without all these performances...
Don't let 'life' get in the way of exercise. MindFirstFitness.
Nothing like little to make the workday go faster!!!
thanks a bunch!! Come out to a show soon!
yay! my hard work paid off!
LOL...I haven't gotten that far yet. Still trying to get out of FLORIDA :D But I really DO have friends, in Anchorage.
Another in a series on positive aspects of civility from JFK: "Civility is not a sign of weakness."
Ugh. I just want all these things I can't have.
Any of your customers ever used Rypple to get feedback on gated assets such as white papers that were downloaded from their site?
good cuz ill show you my group called Peaches Swear ..........all day baby Peace
And I thought my night was great <U+E403>
I think the foreign policy thing would be a hurdle.
"If you want to know your past - look into your present conditions. If you want to know your future - look into your present actions."
Also, you can't just call anything a craftsman. Your town home is probably not a craftsman.
I have made the horrible mistake of stopping at a place that sells items. It's been good knowing you all.
I saw you guys talking in Soc. Studies. I believe that he said "move out of the desk"
i LOVE YOUR VOICE OUTSTANDING YOU DESRVE TO WIN LADY
Be sure to LIKE our Facebook page so you can keep informed as we fight nueromuscular disease - www.facebook.com/phoenixmda
Whose coming to our January meeting discussing 'Smart Things' by Kuniavsky?
how u doing Ronsha's Wifey
First off we met student Craig who gives a big shout out to his homie Quinn from Valdez!
Where do one legged girls work?.. Ihop hahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
You're off to Great Places! Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, So... get on your way!
I LOVE her songs :) #GiveYourHeartABreak is the best! :)
butterfly's are beautiful and that starts with 'b'
Let not your hearts be troubled by what must come to pass. Trust in God & the love he promises after he separates the wheat from the chaffe.
that's for damn sure...
Can I just do hella bad shit for one night and get away with it?
holy shit that cheerleader pic is awesome
that sounds way better! How much is it and where ya get it from?
Watch a stronger american live from detroit #makingthegrade now on msnbc
Great post! Thanks :)
you never heard of a pothead killing someone while driving... ijs
:oziemoo15 been pretty good i guess....thanks
I can't wait - have never been. All of the west is new to me.
Sometimes you’ve just got to wake up in the morning, take a deep breath and say, “I can’t wait to get walked all over today.”
Sometimes i just wish i was in 1st or 2nd grade again not caring about anything , doing whatever having fun
Yoo what was the website you showed today of the car
LOL.. Closest I've come 2 that is using a unisex bathroom at a gas station, and well.. someone was waiting for the key.
me too. I'm right behind you.
its okay x3
Life would be better if I could find the ¦¦ button.
don't forget to thank your elected state rep for this.
if you think Yahoo is one of those chocolate things in a bottle you love to drink. You might be a digital redneck!
Lmao remember when that guy "B" w/ the big ass forehead who always came to the bball games in the summer, had a thing for you?
Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind. ~Dale Carnegie
Stay Positive!!
agree the principle is at the crux of issue. I encourage those detractors to live in Toledo, OH a few years.
The new STITCH-EQ for 2012 is almost complete! New MP concept in Black and Off-White, super FAB!
YUMMY! :) Yes, we have Villa Pizza, it is located in our food court.
specific hallucinations = self-portraits generated by the brain. f.ex. autoscopic hallucination
Why is sugar Shane old ass still out here fighting? This is going to be brutal.
just seeing this but I really can't wait lol
I can always count on you for a pick me up, Thanks. Kidding aside is there a historical precedent for this kind of drop off?
MindFirstFitness is 'pragmatic'...
Partying with the Locs tonight lmao
actually 54th and Broadway. And BTW are you still up for the Sunday night Harvey ticket?
great time tonight. I should have asked more football questions when I interviewed you!
heyy, could you follow me back? :)
I'm really good doing this. Every person is getting in love with my beautiful apartment! I think I'm ready to be a real estate agent... Nah!
Glad to be attending this conference; but sad I'll miss 's visit back at UConn. Too much to hope she'll tweet her own talk?
man your nerd ness just continues to amaze me! Miss you guys!
I see that! You're making some really good progress!
no I didn't get it
Oh ello you
A friend is a second self. - Aristotle
PJ, you are making common mistake: looking at China as if it exists outside the cruel/exploitative rest of world.
love this!
Free promotion site on my profile. get way more followers fast. Hey lets' follow for follow? whatdyasay?
Goldie Hawn on BBC woman's hour - positive thinking incarnate, lovely interview.
Couldn't agree with you more on that one. Two of my favorite musicians as well.
Good experience at with Emily Kempf today. I love having a stylist with thick hair cut my hair.
In Vegas now for a few days. Nice weather here. Who's gonna come have some fun?
The leadership librarians provide determines the future our students achieve! Don Leu
New site is live! Visit for #psychology news & info! www.psychologynj.org
If you'll be my honey suckle, I'll be your honey bee ;)
Great talk last night. Thanks for sharing your experience (and vacation!) with us.
Quote to live by: "Funny how the harder I work, the luckier I get" - Dave Thomas, Founder of Wendy's.
Dallas BBQ with Jeffy and Bethie
Love it! A winning combination!
Great run last night! Run good in!
I don't know that Pennington makes that throw to Douglas, though.
Good morning
Nothing makes rainy Mondays better than when your co-worker brings in homemade cookies!
Boy these breasts are huge... (Can only fry two at a time)
a pretty do to match that pretty voice !!
I'm more attracted to a female who is less revealin & more productive about herself. That just shows me, she have respect for her well being
Bike riding with my hooker
Hollywood at the Oscars, a perfect time for a fashion moment! Cannot wait!!
Went to drop off #Nats tickets. Heading back on #metro and it gets held up because someone got hit at
Hey thanks for following!!!!!
Go Jamaica
Coffee>school.
thank you! Hope yours did too
u and me both ( u kno damn well u ain't lame as beautiful as u r )
Lot of new releases coming to you from Defunk Music stay tuned!
Coffee, mowing, baseball, baseball, lunch, track, dinner, music?
Praying that the new marlins stadium becomes the permanent venue for
Good, I've been waiting to kick you fucks in the nuts for years, my ship has come in Biggs
He was right ?! Shiiiiet , Atleast i made contact (y)
Watching Giulianna and Bill on Today. If you have cancer, and you're pregnant, can your baby catch cancer?
yo no, not a big fan of Red Robin... Fuddruckers? It's on!
I can't guarantee it, but you should be alright! Always good to have a backup plan just in case, though. :)
From where?
#mla12 #s422 would have liked some discussion of the results if Clayton's class, but some exciting possibilities.
lots of people, not some!!!
I want some skittles
Late night wendys for dinner with katilyn
i did b 4 i asked =]
#Boston-area #UConn alums: Hope you're Saving the Date for our game on 2/7. 2 other dates to save: 2/16, 2/28. Announcements soon!
shout out to
Love watching #eurotrip with my grandparents :)
sorry I don't remember you ever asking me....? Haha
At the center of non-violence stands the principle of love. ~ Martin Luther King, Jr
I can't believe I'm damn near half way done with high school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
good hours
Wow. As crazy as it seems I'm not ready for school to be out yet. I've been there for 9 years and there's only 8 days left </3
Damn I ain't even gotta go.anywhere for spring break. Im already in California
Lol no I'm not it's just these hoes weak! & I wish they would subtweet! Lol that rhymes
I want tea ...and brownies. Both need to wait, assuming I still want to MAKE brownies at 11pm.
RIP JRIB. Always will support any and all Romey projects. Been a fan of any and all formats since '92. Rack 'em, OUT!
What are your goals for 2012 - They better be at least 5x bigger than last year. Think big - life is a canvas.
#ALC12 had better be worth the 66k frequent flier miles I just shelled out for the NOLA ticket. :-) (Just kidding, guys. Can't wait.)
Don't waste your whole life on a half-try, it's all or nothing! A little Mute Math for ya this morning.
According to the hello kitty website, it's friendship appreciation week, love you
Fuck homework. Not doing it. Again.
peanut bombs?
Thank you so much Kerim :)
holla at me.. I've got something for you to take a look at....
so i see
Sorry folks. I can't help that my TEWS (Turd Early Warning System) barometer has been going nuts about the #brewers since January.
Playing angry birds on my dude ps3 it feel like its 1 am
Good Morning! Do you have a favorite quote about Moms? We're talking about it at www.knowledgesafari.com - click blog!
lol still have the same number??
. Sounds like a great start to the weekend. Have fun! :)
I got nachos but i cant eat them in 15 mins -__- These breaks suck.
this is so cool and strange and strange and cool.
Had a strange dream but I can't really remember it
HELLO new followers!!
If your mother is more a chocolate lover, we will also have our Chocolate Gift Boxes available this weekend.
I love you! <3
I used to write for Siempre Mujer mag, also under Meredith umbrella. All well?
if your mixing in the box, I'd get a Fairchild plugin from waves or universal audio. Or check out the CLA stuff from waves
It's hard to fight when the fight ain't fair.
Y'all can talk shit about me, you miles and fuckin miles away anyway.
How's it bruh?
#menage Mondays #two girls are better than one
Right? I can't wait for school to be over once and for all. Ugh. I finally got twitter on my phone btw
We have new hours to sell bak your books! 9-8 u until may 16!
Thanks, I unsubscribed. You guys definitely had the best design of all the folks who have filled her in box. FWIW
I never get my redbox back on time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
About to be on the Wendy Williams Show. How u doin?
The Six W's: Work will win when wishing won't.-- Todd Blackledge
Thanks for not leaving any for us...
Is there some sort of underground group of "mall walkers" that you have to join or do you just show up at the mall?
Predictions for the near future: doughnuts, Italian sandwiches, Motown, posters and maybe even some wood type
yo waiting for my bros and to come finish the tape and success we make it
paper on age + citizenship + modernity with Benedict & Mead & Stoler & Chatterjee is fun, but also 7 hours late & half-finished ... :-(
Juicing rocks. Grape + Lime = Heaven.
so why haven't i actually put a picture of myself on here? maybe i should get around to doing that..
Which writer?
Arapahoe had 2 straight overtime thrillers versus Regis and Highlands Ranch before defeating Overland in a classic Centennial League battle
It's just $4.95 for the growler and then $10 to fill it with our original cold brew. $14 if you want double strength.
oh, and kings of leon will be there too, but who cares?
A professor being late to his own class final? Only at Clatsop...
It's a shame when you have to block a dude from texting and calling you...smh
Hope work went well :)
Let me then tow to pieces, while still chasing thee, though tied to thee, thou damned whale! THUS, I give up the spear!
We look forward to seeing you at 805 Peachtree at 10am for the free ANHC Pro tax advice seminar.
Ughh I hate when ppl drive slow for no reason! Or suddenly stop, grr just don't drive at all.
Home is where you're surrounded by other creatures that care about you. - Sandy
One of those times when I think I could answer a research qstn if I had enough time. Hard to justify for little more than curiosity.
wait up
Had a ball meeting yesterday at #SSE12. She and her husband are the kindest, warmest people you'll ever meet.
I know i should call but i won't
Last chance to order locally made tea and relaxation products in time for Christmas! Orders received today will arrive before 12/24...
the thought of having a teenage daughter paralyzes me with fear.
Up workin on this "SEL Anthem" video from Beats By Tha Key Ft. Unk D & Murda Mil. Its getting more complex by the min but its gonna be hot.
RT : Happy Hour today Open until 7 pm.....$2 Rail Mixers and $1 off all taps!
ok bet
Fuck me o.o hell fuck you
Laying down , watching a movie
Last week, had a little bit of a rough week, pero esta semana vamos con to los hierros a celebrar y a comer mucho ;) Blessings!
.......aah training wheels!
Did you know the retina in your eye contains two types of cells? They are called Rods and Cones.
u look so different!! <3333
good morning have an awesome weekend :)
“: Decisions are the hardest move to make, especially when it's a choice between where you should be and where you want to be.”
I'm so excited... holy crapolio! I get to make my hands dirty, right?
Haha, isn't that the truth...
just got the grand tour!! Very impressive!!
the fuckkkk , I hate her.
not sure, I think they R the MVPs...
Don't say that, you will someday. And you deserve to meet him cuz you show him so much support.
The past has no power over the present moment
Lot of studio tours today! Its crazy with the holiday season. Give us a call if you want to check out the studio! 412-367-4888
:o thats mean.
ICDS alums! Do you have great photos from your time in CR? Submit them to .cr or upload them to www.facebook.com/ICDS.CR
Y'all just faced the LeBron of AFC Championship games (Flacco) which is why y'all got the chance to repeat 07's failure! LoL
thanks the heads up!
Don't give your employees power they aren't prepared to handle...nor authority they have not earned.
aww thats so good! record a video of you singing and put it up (:
Justin tweeted Goodnight a few minutes ago and Goodnight Justin is already trending, ladies and gentlemen, the power of Justin Bieber.
Not true, it rewrites an existing EO, replacing FEMA refs with DHS. Not an Obama fan, but we need to speak the truth.
its always on ": “: Watching the movie Selena I love and
Tonight! Bill Morrison () retrospective continues with "The Great Flood." Recorded score by 7:30PM, FREE
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 80
Pouring over tomorrow's NFL plays - whose got winners?
I love flexing my butt its so sore, it feel so good ! LOL
for Sunday poker tournament
we both had terrible teams all year and now we each score 100+ in our TB matchup
Omg will.I.am is here
oh really? idk brah, i dont think i can take your word for it...i wanna see if it's true (;
Spend life with who makes you happy not who you have to impress.
Rittenhouse park for a run then shower and flyers at 3
doing myh health project on Cocaine #fuckeah :D
woke up freezing!! damn I hate the cold. gotta find another blanket
let me steal you I have to go cash my check and buy some clothes then lets go swim!
God breakfast :D
Law of Success #5: Imagination. 1st step to achieve definite chief aim. – Napoleon Hill. Next law in 8 hours.
Looking forward for the Oscar. Wish I had watched all the nominated films.....
Joseph P. Kennedy I has announced he will run for Congress this year, at last raising the prospect of a Kennedy on Capitol Hill
Counting down the days 'til Chicago. Is it bad that all I can think about right now is guac from ? Guac at 9 AM? Yes please!
I be like ehmmmm this tastey af , and im not sharing lol !
Hey Tony! You already follow me but I voted for him anyways
benn a Min SInce i was on Here.. hm!!!!
do it we would match
She's going to let somebody hit, just don't be mad if its not you
The Bruno Mars musical at La Mama???
#WordsOfWisdom RT : Because you don't bring sand to ye beach
apparently the new sensors at Inchon will be able to detect high quality tourists. You didn't get the memo?
please follow back?? :)
Randy Jones could go out there tonight and get 10 Ks vs the Pads
And of course the new song Dave debuted on Kimmel, "Murky."
Is it just me or is this day going slower than slow?
I'll take your word for it
Training tonight to be a mentor with www.imentor.org
nope. Not at all.
So wonderful! Yoga + A power workout + a power bar...and both good for you!
#ICantStandPeople who try to act out of their position
Omg that is awesome!
How you can shop for a living? I'll have to think about that. What are you doing now?
I know u wont see this but HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!! !!Never*SAY*Never*3D!!
To be or not to be. That is the question.
1000 followers!!! Whoop!!
how innocent i am makes me laugh.
When u work hard u receive good results
When people are vulnerable and not trying to be put oh-so to together....it makes my heart ever so glad.
i just love one direction. like.. i spend 1/2 my day thinking about them...
Heey can you get yoru followers to trend this ? it woudl mean everything #LiamPayneFollowmaaaaaaaary1D x
#liber2011 90% of records in COPAC (UK-wide catalog) are from RLUK libraries.
#schoolmemories I once gave a boy a hand job in the library of my high school! HA!!! those were the days!!
I'm glad that you like it mate. You need to follow it's still in it's infancy.
follow back? :)
dang u beautiful
Thanks, Robin! This show is a fun group of people.
Tonight is the last night to PICK YOUR OWN PRICE: $10 or $15 to TIME STANDS STILL. Buy at the door. Show at 7:30pm. Don’t miss this deal!
RT: You may have situations that look impossible. Don't give up. Keep believing for unprecedented favor.
On Wikipedia, definition of 'notable' as metric for curation. Not 'significance'
Now I am back to hating Clint Barmes.
but are there still people doing the "bloggers vs. journalists" crap?
already saw it
After 7 or 8 shows since 1999 first time I really got down and danced to the Sploosh encore
#youknowyoufromatl if u say east pernt instead of east point
outside of Frankfurt...but because he's stationed there and his fiance is German.
Health Tips: suddenly decrease daily calories by about 400+ and your body will read famine and slow down your metabolism!
Stress during pregnancy affect's baby's iron - CBS42
Thanks for the notice. It's all fixed now
Thanks! Now on to cupcakes- you know some chocolate ones to appease those that prefer chocolate to vanilla :)
Danny Rand is the last.
I have deep faith that the principle of the universe will be beautiful and simple.
Thanks for setting this up. We would like to use this for official status updates on our network. Are you free to chat?
who needs sleep? I will sleep friday night on the flight back :-)
Danish company develops innovative hearing aids that streams ...
Sunday - football.
Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction
RT : Dang do i need to call Just Beiber to find out how to become a treding topic!?!!? #TeamFitzgerald !!!
Just been to visit my old house, it's so tiny, seemed huge when I was a kid...
Tweet #300 - way to go PJ!!!
i wanna be extra nice with you!! ;)
I had a dream that they made an emoji after me
RIP Macho Man. I hope there are Slim Jims in heaven.
Watching The Notebook, wishing my love life could be that cute.
Potential new motto: "Working harder, not smarder"
that's cool. They're pretty chill. Don't they bike and stuff
Borrowing EW's view discussing Roman Empire's fall, "Your guess is as good as mine."
Not a fan of tweets that say, "DM us..." Don't they realize they have to be following back to receive DMs?
Yes.....sorta moldy like poor Jeff's season...
South Boston beaches look great. Thousands walking, biking & taking T to beach to cool off each week. Great work by City of Boston & DCR.
RT :Most dangerous are not the blatant & obvious liars, but those who use facts & #truth to harm & deceive.
International relations
Got new headshots sent them to you through facebook when you get a chance tell me what you think. :)
Ok goodbye twitter for right now anyway
YES WE ARE AND EDGAR IS COMING ALONG :3
We master our health and wellbeing from the inside out and not from the outside in. It is a matter of dedication to self, not discipline.
I know.. that's why I turned my autocorrect off.
duh nigga lol my blonde hair was all fake
Thanks for the follow!
Congrats to my son dj, he passed all of his graduation exams.......can u say Class of 2013.....POW
Buy C and JPM. The greatest banks on earth. Buy GE
stop carrying magnums knowing damn well when u put it on u gotta roll it up like a sleeve
If I was famous I don't think that I would retweet anyone that asks for one
I'm like, a painting that's watercolor - I sit pale on a canvas.
Open & ready to serve you! Dbl Punch Drink is our delicious Peppermint Mocha. Shop, Sip, and SAVE - 25% OFF Almost Everything in Bookstore!
Get me on the court and I'm trouble. Last week f**ked around and got a triple-double.
Calling it a night. Thanks for all the tweets and have a good night.
let me know if you need any help ;)
is the ish...congratulations #London!!!!
till what?
Photoshop is so much fun. I'm having a blast making our HELL IS HERE swag montage. hehehe. So far I've got a hat and a clock.
Best New Artist - Khalila Rose
iF u GoT sUmThIn tO sAy To Me SaY iT StRaiGhT *CaUsE bEiN aLL sHaDy iS OnE tHiNg i HaTe*
Absolutely! Come hang at my campsite :) I'm so excited it hurts a little..
the #heat got espn on overblast tonight against the
yr welcome. glad 2 break ground in the character dept. & thanks 4 not assuming i was making an okie joke
#Borders has officially filed for for bankruptcy. Use your gift cards and buy a great book while you can!
Old school wisdom! RT : double can holes is mom science 101
Laziness and procrastination may appear attractive, but getting things done gives satisfaction.
me too Miss u!
Hey #SmallFryArmy! How was everyone's day! Tweet me! xoxo
No way lol. Lakers ain't got the juice RT : other way around. #Lakers in 6. putting in work though
“: When I See Sara Today Ima Be Like...Ohh So You Unfollowed Me Bitch? Lmao” <~ :O
we need to shop! I know we have no money, but i have gift cards everywhere! :D
+100 RT : A6. Keeping an open mind, my positive attitude, and having great references from profs and internships
When I Was A Kid I Use To Smile When I Was Happy , But Now I Smile When I'm Pretending To Be Happy.
It's 4:40 a.m. and I am wide awake... This is ridiculous!
The Reno fire is a reminder for all of us to check our insurance coverage.
I want my presents for graduation :)
#FF Welcome new followers
Hey ! Can't wait to be a part of #mke festival that recognizes #energy efficiency! I'll be there and you can be me! Find out how!
...... I been working 15 hours every day
Up Bored
I seriously can't wait for June 5th. Paradise will be perfect! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
for the new house? what do you need?
I was just calling to report gunshots but they don't know that!! What if someone had been breaking into my house?! Grr...
double double animal style is a win-win no matter what. M, love the onions!
That awkward moment when people text you first and then don't keep the convo going.
The metal has finally stopped floating up from downstairs. I think he's given up for the day.
Jessica Brayton named outstanding student at Healthpoint CHC at
Team is attending #SWSEA to try and win the #STARTUPBATTLE ! Who's in? cc/
So glad I'm off today.I may actually do something productive.then again, maybe I'll just veg on the couch with my dog, Barley.
Hey people who live in central phoenix where do you fill up your water jugs?
-- see you there!
did u for real quit hockey?
#StayAwayFromMeIf you complain...cause I do it all the time..I get sick of myself most of the time!
Me too. Love blog.
hey hw r u?
Naked bike was so obviously real. Are you sad you're leaving town now?
GAB confirms enough signatures to recall governor and lt. governor. Walker to face recall.
Clifford Joseph Harris, Jr where the FUCK does he get or TI from?!?!
Sipping an East India cocktail (in a new Riedel, thanks, girls!) to celebrate kitchen nook reorg, still chock full of glassware & cookbooks!
life is not about being careful
wut happened today wit ya boys
Family is standing by to watch with on
OH!!! I see! I will retweet it for you! <3
That biodiesel-sippin VW Jetta inside the Education Bldg for ? Yep, I drove that puppy today. Vroom.
All of our Route 66 lovers out there! If you have events or news about Route 66 simply @ mention us and we'll retweet! We want to share!
The Balt Sun INCORRECTLY lists My Big Idea Stoop Stories for this Mon, 3/26. Not so! Still on for April 9 @ Center Stage. C U on the 9th!
im offically done with theis helfa im gone treat her ahh 2maw...#irritated...bout to unfollow and unblock
Rowling, and is said by the character of Albus Dumbledore-”It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more
lmao go to sleep
she got mad about the note and won't talk to me or answer my calls/texts
ayy bitch make me a sandwich!:)
ha as long as we dont get fucked this time thn sounds good And thes kids like heavy?
wow, that sounds really brilliant.
Mama said there'll be days like this there'll be days like this my mama said
Just watched you on you were flawless and filled with #Fabulosity ! Work it, Divalina!
You need to work on your following skills...just sayin'. :)
Tell everyone to move on if im not there tomorrow. Im sure I will be but...
You're one cool tweeting dog !
Oh snap, I'm up before 11am? Look out world!
unblock me fool
I hope DannyB did not lose his job.
glory, glory man united!!!
Alright, goin' to bed right now .. 3:48am here in Germany .. c-ya later guys :DD
Really guys? EVERY game that the Cardinals & Brewers play this year is a rematch of the NLCS? REALLY???
I'm not, just hurt feelings
$1 promotion... but you have to spend $20 to get it!
I think im done packing
In all fairness I battled depression for many years.
Get picked as fan of the week, and I will give you free shipping if you order directly through me! Post, like, and comment to get picked!!!
think alike.
and this won't be there last either!!! After they get one, I think they'll run 3-4 straight
Algebra is pointless:/
#FF #sales #training experts helping others master new skills
Can u pls 4low me o gimme ur Em so I can give mo info on our Compton based Hood Movie 2STAR
Too much for me this week..
Definitely. And if available for download instantly onto my smartphone, even better.
saw 5 year engagement really loved it and you! You're cookie monster, elmo fight scene with Emily blunt was genius.
Why is that what you focused on KB?!?! RT : Suzie grew up in a Trailer Park?
I'm watching Asleep at the Wheel at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012 miles and miles of texas.
I preordered #p90x2 ult bluray on 9/1, and CR just told me due to overwhelming demand I might not get it until the new year :(
#PetPeeve A messy house.
it was Saturday in long beach!
Ugh. So sad we lost. @ least we got a point. GO SHARKS! & again, welcome back/congrats Tommy!
ORDER THE ALL NATURAL COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR GROW PRODUCT LINE ,FAST ACTING AND MOST EFFECTIVE ON THINNING, DAMAGED HAIR
A bit of a change from their SNL appearance no back up singers tonight. Opened with two older tunes
Photo sayings --- "I shoot people" Photo sayings --- "I see dead pixels" Photo sayings --- "Photographers do it with the lens cap off"
Kevin Kolb has no excuse to suck now. Cardinals draft Michael Floyd
I also follow you on instagram too... I'm an internet junkie!
Lol its going 2B the most expensive best dining experience ever. Next time it posts I will let u know. U only have seconds
Nice ovation for Buck in honor of his 1000th win last week
Google is shutting down Picnik. Bummer! Any suggestions on other good photo editing tools?
Don't MN Republicans want to live free or die...too?
No breaks, no luck... Outmatched
WE THE KINGS
RT : Which comes first: the short frosted hairdo or the no sexuality?
I'm fashionably late. Like a boss.
Ppl wonder why I look at them krazy
I'm here. When's the next game?
Broadcasting Live Tonight
what happens at AppleBee's stay
Great to get the win #Brewers, just hope Weeks is ok once they fully check him out.
happens to me alot too
Ron Paul is the man but disagrees with Obama a variety of issues like healthcare, indefinite detention, economic intervention
And...THANK YOU to Mary Ann Robinson for putting together such a successful event!
no, I am in Ballard...which saddens me.
im tired im bored im sad! :( i havent seen my bf in 1 day i am very sad i miss him!
Dang, she hasn't arrived yet? You have no way of phoning her?
I like the "be confident or fake it" part. : ) very nice blog!
t-shirts are everywhere on campus today. Are you representing Marquette?
We have officially moved to our new home at The Glasbox (1500 Texas Avenue, Up, Entrance on Langtry St.).
Happy happy joy joy
sounds like a problem
Beta Iota Brothers, head over to our Thanksgiving potluck dinner! All of your committee's food better be delicious!
Here in Phoenix, we have real old-fashioned ice cream trucks that cruise the neighborhoods. It's pretty amazing. One came by today, even!
or not be protected like they're quarterbacks in the NFL...
your video is coming out soon right?(; #YEE <U+2764><U+2764>
Didn't nobody ask yo ass to work at a fast food restaurant but YOU!
thank you sir
At Work: Crazy Day- Obama presser at 12:45 or so...the "Or so" makes us wonder if he'll wrap in time to start TOTN at 2. Yay for Live Radio.
Goodnight twitter!
Computer engineering graduate student awarded Weinberg Fellowship - Texas A&M University
Great first day of filming with Looking forward to round 2 & then also performing in Trafalgar Square at 3.30!
Incredible. 4th time in two years ID thieves got me. All of five dollars. Sad state of affairs when this is Americas #1 industry.
Beautiful soft snow falling in Chicagoland! It peaceful, not cold, and people are out walking. Lovely!
I got some sneakers to sell. I think I might get to post them!
EWCA CIv rules in Mentmore Int'l Ltd. v. Abbey Healthcare (Festival) Ltd. case concerning issues arising out of a SPA: [2010] EWCA Civ 761.
Got Stuff On Da Brain. In Deep Thinkin.
"There's no question it's not good being poor" - thanks Mitt!
Don't bunt. Aim out of the ballpark.David Ogilvy
Look I LOVE contests! Hey ! I wanna win a spot at chef Kevin Hickey's pop-up dinner 4 me & a guest
No. I haven't seen that one. Chris has to work this weekend so I would love to borrow it if you have it.
sickest lobby I've even seen... And your defiantly not just anybody <3
awaken my heart for its fallen asleep.
The good = the smiles, hugs, laughs, dinners, vacations, rides home, high fives, mix cds, borrowed dvds even...every good & perfect gift.
Happy Mothers Day Honey! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
Keep thinking to myself.. when is summer going to begin?! Can't wait for this class to be OVER!!
ha just saw this
The only subject that should be trending is Tupac's Halogram performance last night! This was dope! Dre killed it w/this 1
And organizing a hackathon of our own for cultural data later this year w/ civic tech community in Chi.
ok, let me circle up my gorgeous spouse. We will get back to u
And...Done. Have a great Monday folks!
come visit us in SoHo, we would love to meet more of the coco-mat family here in NYC!
Good Morning...lets kp it tht way!!
i'll tell her that ahaha bet she'll love it
Who would you rather bone, Meg Ryan or Jack Nicholson? Jack Nicholson now, or 1974? Lol #billymadison to funny
try one then and see what happen. Lol.
Wow...where did the day go?? It flew by...barely caught up on things. Ever have those days?
you work today??
I feel like I would really benefit from going to sxsw
maybe we should have stayed and just switched dorms lol.
for concert! Really looking forward to it. Big thank you to for the tix.
omg mine too lol
yes, you need more distractions; we all do.
eeeewwwww history :P I did half my math hw cuz I didn't get it
Hate when I forget my headphones especially on a day when I need to tune out the world.
SoundCloud Gets A Major Makeover, But Only Private Beta Users Can See It (For Now) Most people probably don't stick around social music s
All we can do is Take our Time & Grow everyday, every hr, every min., every second... BlacFritz-FrontLin3
thankyaaa :* lol I have to touch his muscles..
not to a past that stretched back to the early 1700s. that was a different America from that of the idealized Antebellum era
New day. Let's see what it brings. :)
Busy day today - roof inspection, storm window installation, and insulation consultation, whew!
yeah, I thought of you when I saw that. He didn't go to SYD or BNE did he?
Health Tips: Quercetin and Bromelain are the number one Naturopathic prescribed combo for sinus issues in allergy season
make a bunch of shirts with your hashtags i.e. #help #pain #fuqAPshat etc.
Fun show with Dory Drive last night! Those guys are awesome! Back to Johnson City! Only 7 hours to go!
great! Via
Respect goes along way.. Remember that?!
When you make an appointment w/another person you assume responsibility of punctuality, and you haven't the right to be a single minute late
He said it! "A friend is nothing but a known enemy. " - Kurt Cobain
Check out this incredible band for #MusicMonday and listen to Life After Liftoff's "Someday" www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZmEjJF7DxU
On the bus... Bus
I BET I MADE HER FEEL EMBARRASSED
u should really grade at least one paper now. Then try a new snack.
RT I must do something' always solves more problems than 'something must be done.
RT : That guy definitely had a full life RIP RT : R.I.P. Dick Clark
I can't even fix a grilled cheese without catching something on fire. What is wrong with me?!
Who wouldn't let you scream "ohh" into a soft pillow?! I'm such an animal. And baby honestly these teeth won't let you goo.
Bitches mad cause I got "sex" tatted' on my arm
Nothing to do.Off to bed:)
thanks girl! (;
If you need answers ask questions
Congratulations to Becky Nix of Waco, TX for being our Lucky Weekly $50 Dibbs card winner! Message us your email for the details!
“ I have tried 99 times and have failed, but on the 100th time came Success is more attitude success. than aptitude.
Susan Hildreth, IMLS #dpla - what technologies from the last 20 years can we use, and what still needs to be done?
Note to MYSELF: BACK THE FLASH DRIVE UP TO THE EXTERNAL HARD DRIVE! NOW!
"it's not hard to take back our govt"- Kathay Feng
I feel like Cinderella..cleaning..
i'm so proud of you, 24 followers! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Had to make a ton of extra lentils to mix with way salty batch from crockpot recipe. All better but will be eating for AGES!
#FF For relevant/real insights to the Latino Market, follow anyone w/ #LATISM - accept no substitutes!
How did you get your #IGNITEDMC video up so fast? Are any others up?
Yes! We'll be waiting!
Sorry. Watching Mildred Pierce. Lots of chapeaus here that look like gash. I'm not altogether opposed.
thank you, have a great monday!
ManU Report: Rio expects tougher United resolve
Yes I have! It was part of my protocol.
You might have gotten the better end is that deal, Don.
it's the future and it's happening so get excited. I want gas station cheddar wurst in my pizza crust!
Amazing #danlor wedding.
Ha! Nope. This is my weakness.
Seeing Kentucky have this kind of fire in their eyes THIS early is scary.
The point.where your about to fall asleep and someone asks to sit next to you...smh
I found local strawberries up here in Silver Spring at Spicknall's Market. We finished the pint before we got home :)
where you are you can try Rose, Pansy, or Daisy for available seats.
RT : " I be a guest DJ at Bristol Bar late Monday night, so come out and have some drinks with me fools!!!!!! "
Appreciate the #listing of #AlexanderInt /recent-interactions!
She looks too young to be having a baby...
About to eat
You're very welcome, thank you for the follow back! :-)
There are several benefits of online colleges. Roll out of bed in the morning and sit in front of your computer. There you go!
#PurpleMonday start w/ a gyro breakfast sandwich and latte!
Who knows what death is? Maybe life is nothing more than a beam of light passing slowly over our changing faces.
they made it! Gonna try the burger w/ peanut butter.
Here's to the Mahomies that support Austin through: drama, rumours, girls, time zones, distance, hate, arguments. Everything.
I bought my lovely iMac on eBay 4 years ago and it still runs like a champ after lots of coughpiretadedcough stuff. No viruses eva
The Internet Marketing Kitcontainsthe following valuable information:
The journey is essential to the dream. - Francis of Assisi
We wonder what the wonderful people of #NoLA will have to offer as 1vsOne material. Stay tuned.
RT : RT : Join us today at the Destination Innovation event, where our own Kat Mahon will be...
welcome to "the A" why are you in town?
CAN WE SEE THE SO LISTEN VIDEO OR
This acceptance speech by the girl from X Japan at the #goldengods is painful.
thanks! Hope you do! And that you have a lovely summer even if you don't!
Damn just thought about the Heat
VAT HAPPENED
Cedar needs a trim. Her toe hair is ooc.
I'm kinda loving that photo of Nikki and Jack too! Love me some Melody and Peter!
How many people? How fancy? I like the Cellar and Casablanca, other people might suggest Noir Bar?
Washington University is looking for people to eat all the fast food they want every day for three months. What they'll get is: $3,500
getting ready to work 3rd shift at the hospital... coffee, coffee, coffee
smile,eyes,lips,hair,voice,laugh,personality,the way he says his name,his swag,the way he talks,dancing,singingandhis body
that's my plan !
you have created an amazing tool. Just showed it to my boss and he loved it.
welcome back
i have some basil cell carcinoma - you use this weird cream that fucking burns everything in it's path.
Yet another Manchester United Win. 2-0 Over QPR. Not a great game but Champions just Win! Glory Glory United!
follow for open dates
Oh, NO RUSH or worries at all! My lack of tech skills are the hold-up! You take the time you need!!
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it.
We play at 10 pm at the . If you're in Memphis, get here. Richard Buckner at 11. and you do NOT want to miss him.
thanks for the website! It really has some great advice
That's the life I'm talking about :) I love that
Reber: I think we have the highest paid state employee. So many people are upset because they don't understand this is the market rate.
or something
Best of luck with the website!
Freedom == Maximizing Human Potential
fab Chicago startup, but I'm a little biased:)
Nearing the end of ME3. I've already thought through every ending. Why should I finish it? Why not leave it in this quantum state?
Thanks for the RT!
You've gone beyond the call of duty!
Parkway Drive <333
You Got To Act Like A Lady ; And Think Like A Man , Play The Game Like A Guy , So You Wont Get Played Like A Bitch .
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Ain't no party like an upper east side party...
Going mikey hunting with we gonna find u uh that sounds creepy but yea mission:find &meet mikey
It gets dat real dat it ends relationships after da contract is up :/
its ok it happens to me all the time. Atleast your doing a ustream
Gonna be a long day
true friends will not lie to you.
I love birthday and rockyroad cake pops!
In God we trust...
RT : great website - lots to learn -- Thx Judge Crater
Today's finals event? Koosh balls and other stress-relieving toys - use and return to the desk when calm! Until then
glad you loved the show!
I'm heading out to "The Resolve" world premiere and after party tonight in Los Angeles, CA if you are going to be there, come up and say hi.
i did and thanks so do you(:
it’s not about what you’ve done, it’s about what you doing. it’s all about where you going, no matter where you’ve been.
Anyone out there been able to use Peer Tutoring for same-age reading instruction in a middle-school setting? Big goal.
Headed to Madison to see ~ hell yeah!!!
Happy I get off early today gotta get ready start my new job tomorrow can't wait
Casting Net: Taylor Swift nearing noteworthy role as Joni Mitchell, plus Mark Wahlberg, Guy Pearce, Jaden Smith
This Friday ..Mwahaha at The New Parish..with Races and El Ten Eleven show starts at 9
SAVE THE DATE! BJS/JRSA 2012 National Conference, October 18-19 at the Galt House, Louisville, KY; more details to follow…
if I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you, never let you go.
Come back home to vegas!!!!!!
Good game. Not as good as the time we dominated Starkville in college though
yea Shea that singer chick that I don't know lol
I'm halfway thru, I'm diggin. And it's on streaming.
Is it 1:00 yet….Can't wait to see the new iPad!
It's not about the money, money, money
Paid for lunch today! What is this world coming too
I want to see your
Life is full of adventures dont waist your time doing nothing. Explore it while you still young. (:
Well, at least its Thursday!
Someone Followed Me Whoa, ( look at bio ) Blowjobs.rs WHAT!
I will so ring ur bell til tha cows come home!!!
- as a fan, I miss football too. ESPN playin highlights from Lacrosse ain't cuttin it.
Drop the puck...let's go
I Wonder How Manyy People Got A Picture With Me In The BAck Ground !
That's what came out of the last meeting. Thought you knew.
Thank you so much...
so.. went to the wrong apartment last night. called the wrong person about it and now feel foolish. ah well another day
It's about took the field! Making #sportingkc proud!
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.-- Pamela Vaull Starr
Wow.! Their regionals song ìs amazing.!
Mr. Katakowski has a brain tumor :O
24 hours until the season opener against UW-Milwaukee along the Milwaukee lakefront!!! Lets go #MURFC this season is yours for the taking!
I'm in a trippy Radiohead mood right now...
Pam Oliver? Or Oprah
A week and a half left gotta
I think you right....... Let me know when you get the shirts
The brains of kids with ADD/ ADHD work differently from those of their peers. Parenting techniques need to be different for these kids.
SHOWER then NFC :) phone good!
I love you baby. So much!! <3 Thank you. RT : So proud of the biggest STAR in my sky... My wife
“: Miss us on The Show yesterday? You can watch Dr. Sarnoff share her #ProRepair skin care tips here" Please, no ads.
damn bro What happened ? you good ?
damn true man damn true
In case it helps, I'm not having any link problems with the links you tweeted out. :-)
RT : RT : when our praises go up, his blessings come down #Tworship Amen!
It changed. :)
MDAT proposal: Up tolls on Harbor crossings 10/1 to $6 round trip from $4 now (charged one-way both directions).
Oven-roasted puttanesca with pancetta, capers, kalamatas and a rainbow of tomatoes from the garden.
Why do you have to be so bipolar?
GAH! you're the sweetest. Love you forever and for always :)
"I'll give you syphillis if you give me gonorrhea!" My western civ proffesor
Some companies known to hire senior citizens for jobs include ATT, Met Life, CVS Pharmacy, Home Depot, Staples, ToysRUs, Walgreens etc
“: Success tip #4: Don't hang out with toxic people. They'll suck that bursting energy out of you.”
ilove your show!
very creative top
Good point. Not to be discounted is I understand things like little caesar.
Hell of a talk
Too often we... enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought. -John F. Kennedy
I have lots of planning to do!! =D
What's everyone reading now? I just finished Girl Reading. What's next?
Yeah if fans tweet something like that, it's awesome. Players, not so much.
yes i now have gold member on bing rewards
"The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves..."
109* high here yesterday and our ac went out! It's pretty steamy in here right now...
I'm sorry but if it weren't 4 nick Taylor now Justin Selena would of basically would of been a flop Or kinda unknow. To sum ppl tbh no hate
actually both! we're working on the logo first and then the poster comes. any ideas you have could help a ton
ok sounds good
Shoutout to the woman that gave birth to me- La
Courage is the springboard of achieving goals.
Go Follow now :)
RT : I don't drive my Bentley enough to remember where the controls are to move the mirrors...
Thanks for asking girl! I am so excited about the pub date! August 6! I'm so proud of Witch Way to Turn. Can't wait!! :D
3-0 3-0 3-0, love it! But not getting too excited because of the quality of opponents and o-line / running game.
thanx. I'm always looking for fun and creative things to do!
Andrew, can't wait to see you and DM please :-)
Cmon guys, get to 300 followers! They follow back, so go follow them! #leggo. :)
Thanks for following
What are your favorite places? We've talked about featuring a "bachelor of the month"; want that to be you?
Hope you'll tweet about what the Leos are doing here. Did you know that today is "Publicize Leos" Day?
"He's cute....she's cute too." LOVE being with
Hold your head high, and your middle finger higher.
some people just seem to not care, oh well
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 41
Last class
I'm sure they're having a blast w/ the time spent with their dad. Don't bother them. Enjoy them instead
don't lie to her my friend and she won't lie to you, what goes around comes around
I have fresh lemons in the house. Thanks! Will definitely try this. Have a great day Ravyn!
Miley Cyrus' great grandmother and my great grandmother were best friends in elementary & junior high school haha :)
3 martini lunch at It's a good friday. :)
I guess we won't need to hear about Tiger not getting it done on Sundays anymore.
Texting people first <
thanks! I thought so too, but my mama is making me worry. lol
yes indeed!
Hello Twitter, I've been busy #organizing for residential clients for the past week, so I've missed you
safe travels!
stay classy Buffalo... simply the best!!!
“: u got lucky” This is true! I just put up with your odd tastes ;)~
That's way too much Brenneman.
#PopCon Theo Parrish paper this afternoon. Dude's last name is Gillespie. And I'm not in Detroit.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments.
I want a boyfriend
Rental office try anyway to be nosey I gotta leak wtf is the leak cause I damn sure didn't know of 1 and now I'm trying to hide my dog
#asae11 We were so happy to have you here last night, it was a great time!!!
I will have an answer at 3. Gotta verify my shift tomorrow. But signs are pointing to yes :3
Yah! It's taken me all morning though to look through it and build a simple email! Haha. Are you on gchat? Chat with me!
Justin is evil that way, we know. He got an excellent rating on his last review for it.
Waiting on my clothes to dry so i can hit d road....
I can't believe its not even halloween yet and its snowing in NY O_o
With all the ladies at the Woman's Success Summit
Lots of seeds goin in the ground, as well as micro's indoors! Look for tasty selections at
first Heather now Demi. These women in Hollywood have beautiful families to think about. I guess money & fame doesn't buy you happiness.
AW YEAH.
Had the BEST day of my life! Reunited with my favorite church! and amazing sermons by
RT : #Leo - Who will make out with you for your birthday: Louis
My mama said fuck it nigga hit the streets & live , got some crack in the corner & I did what I did!
oh Kinky:)
Today is our annual chili cook-off, a trophy & bragging rights are up for grabs!
GO CHRISTINE KUSHNER!
yea I just walked there.. And that's awesome haha hopefully they weren't creeping to hard
Life is too short to blend in.
I brought my laptop to work and forgot my charger.
observes the Iowa Caucuses with a viewing of Brewster's Millions
This nigga gone say why I ain't got no kids. My soldiers ain't marching? I said they marching but they get trapped in a rubber balloons.
43 North for dinner then out everywhere for drinks. If you're downtown give me a shout.
Ready for day 2 of #genblue!
Cool. So looking forward to it.
my room is way too small to contain all this stuff
1st row for Mike Tyson 1 man show on Monday. This is a public service announcement to ball harder.
Stone Mad! Wait...was that a couple weeks ago? I'm getting confused.
it's not chinese per se but Pho Kim Long is awesome. Just west of the strip on spring mountain.
If beuty and the beast teaches us 1 thing, it's that looks don't matter. As long as you're a billionaire prince who owns a fucking castle.
Wow. Too many 'K's in the tourney imo
God will love you no matter how much how much you weigh.
Just upgraded my twitter on my phone...
bring the bikes through for a car wash!
We are the 99% of people who like free wifi and unlimited diet coke!
It's official. . . We are up to our ears in holiday merchandise!
Whitney Houston came up on my Pandora. *sheds a tear*
everytime baby nate leaves I get so sad.
Next week's gonna be great! (And thanks for the shout-out!)
i give up, time for a taco.
MAR-FAIL!
consider me outraged!! #SuspendHer!! :)
Love what you do!
Nigga I'm faded
What you're doing to me isn't love.
Wow. 's hour-long retraction is incredible. Mike Daisey's pauses are excruciatingly long when Ira asks him why he lied.
I watched Attack of the 50 Ft. Woman last night. Yes, I'm turning into my father.
I am a huge fan! I play guitar. I've actually learned a lot songs from watching you play!
but it looks like they made their own visualization? That would be a #showyourwork win!
I am a Fairy Gay Mother!!!
To follow, without halt, one aim: There's the secret of success.
Human kindness is over flowing and I don't think it's going to rain today.
I wish was home to join us!!!
#FollowFriday They all rock!
thank you!
I just wanna make my mom proud of me.
oh even better!!! I will shoot you an email! No worries, glad I tweeted you.
I think would really like this book I'm working on "Megacatastrophes!" It's "2012" meets the propaganda of Fox News.
How? Today wasn't even a hard class? Lol
S/o to all the niggas fading last night. Extra entertaining.
“: great job ladies! Now let's hope he brooms are out this afternoon.”
that looks amazing
no, you!
The lively yesterdays are a past... The tranquil tomorrows are now at last...
lol my brother works there lol but in the mall on long island where the who thing happend with bieber and yea i was there
likemind Chicago this Friday at 8 am at Adams/Dearborn in the Loop - will you be there?
Spent 5 mins huddling for warmth under the Morrison Bridge with waiting for the Shamrock Run. His love for his family shows.
My plan too! ": #PLA12 conference tip: if you can stay w/ friends in the host city, pick up galleys and give them as a host gift."
Im playing im so badd my hubby is not texting mii
Phillies: any suggestions for a local company to pick up/recycle old computers and monitors from PAA?
My Lord & Savior Jesus Christ WILLINGLY laid his life down on the cross for the sins & salvation of mankind!!
Game reminds me, sadly, of Lakers tight loss to Dallas last year in Game 3. Only replace Dallas threes with OKC transition pts.
Those look great!
Making a screencast demonstrating Tweetdeck and see that the Junior Seau is trending...Sad.
ugh can't get my iPhone on christmas, my plans not up yet so i have to wait until January :(
The awkward moment when one of your friends says Justin is ugly so you show them your sexiest pic of him and they know it's cute but deny it
In #ABirdoftheAir , Lyman rarely takes his trailer out on the open road. Have you ever gone on a road trip before?
the same happened to me ;-(
We at the game #Brewers need a #BitchImFromMilwaukee shirt or hoodie we got them here
Correct. Must be my underlying love of all things French- I always get it wrong. I should order a 'French Soda, hold the cream.'
Man i do welding fo a living n get burned errday but i swear gettn popped by dat bacon grease hurt worst
"I'm going to steal all your jelly, and rob you of your meat"" --the Ration Blues
Will do, thanks!
its alright guys i got it...thnx anyway....
SONY GOOOOOOOAAAALLLL!! Great game !
Hilarious & true. I remember when getting an Applebee's or Cheesecake Factory was a big deal. Hyper local / online is the future.
You know it man.
going to stop by this weekend for an application... hopefully!!!
my eyes on the prize
I'm good and you? RT how u doin today??
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BEAUTIFUL BEST FRIEND!! I LOVE YOU <3
It doesnt feel like friday, this week has gone by so slow
If u are so concerned u have the Baby on Board sign- you can't also be driving and texting and smoking #whichisit?
Time to read....night all! Z
Policeman: Why didn't you check your speedometer?Driver: It broke when I hit 100.
you know you are a Portlander when you only use an umbrella when it's sunny out
Nice. I still keep a mixture of old Canadian currency in a drawer. Sort of a souvenir from playing hockey tournaments there.
With respect...what does that leave, exactly?
I share a birthday with your mom? Cool!
Exactly; that's what helps us get from Point A to B!
I wanna watch a good movie
Hey thanks! It's just a picture of some chick.
I agree. I think the LT team could make something beyond beautiful. Hear that, Tim?
Gym with my girls <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I am willing to be a friend to you if you desire, what state are you in, think about joining this group, it's now
I SWEAR IM GONNA KILL SUMONE RITE NOW
your welcome
haha u just like the words "make it nasty" u kno u cant stop anyways x)
Great brunch to start to the week with It's always wonderful to catch up! Thanks for carving out some time.
Takes a fool to lose twice.
I've spent more time thinking than living. The only way to live is to stop thinking. But all I think about is how I want to live
What is your number 1 goal with writing songs?
Omw to school !
just played a game of apples to apples with my mom, brother, and dad. my dad won, mom got 2nd, i got 3rd, and my brother lost. too bad!
lmao I just had to make a guest appearance real quick
why all these females wanna hit me up when all i wanna do is talk to you?
Last night's show at Disco Volante was hella tight. Liliana y los Chilaquiles played with the CCCP plus Javier Navarrette rocked some perc
my gmail is down! Is this happening to anyone else?
Todd Paul (with his own show and in Dirty Joke Show) was on the cover of Las Vegas Quick Guide. Good goin. See it on my FB page. geechyguy
Los Angeles, Dallas/Ft Worth, and Raleigh-Durham snatch the top listener spots Monday on Rhythm & Jazz Radio with SA a close 4th!
that's false.
My apologies to any followers who got hacked e-mails from my account. Thank you Twitter for alerting me.
I hope that will follow me before she gets to many followers
thanks so much! Feels fantastic! :)
Yes, they should. I have seen email training firms use addresing security/liability issues; real "don't do this" examples are scary.
yeahh.. i guess.. pretty awkward interview really..
Dear Mom, because of you I am what I am today. You carried me for 9 months and raised me. You're a strong woman. RT if you love your mom <U+2665>
that's not the idea.
I as well! RT : It was great meeting you today ! Looking forward to things to come.
Me too! I usually pick up a Kashi chewy bar. The honey almond flax and cherry dark chocolate are the best one's I've tried.
let us quench your thirst with $3 mojitos tonight...
Psyched for my Photo Show Opening tonight, 7-10pm! Come on down and check it out!
I am my own worst enemy.....quite frustrating feat to fight.
Blogging and Cooking: A Delicious Combination
i hate this cold big time.
Music day dedicated to the Dropkick Murphys
have a good weekend sweetie:) heading out on the bikes!!!!!
Importing music lots and lots of music
I always wanted to open a restaurant called Mac and Chez.
was a hack, Im 10 times the shooter he was guy was 2 busy hangin out wit the grateful dead 2 be a great player
If you're missing the #SDMayor debate, you can watch online soon. We will tweet the link when the video is up.
what constitutes decent pricing?
Lmfao I know :T
underwater basket weaving and global communications?
And that's totally ok.
#shouts to everyone who ran our course today! Party was #epic Pics n videos will be posted shortly. Good luck w/ all that unfound mud ;)
I enjoyed your left/right brain info on your webpage!
Maurice Sendak! Maurice Sendak. Outside Over There was the first book I ardently, devotedly loved. You opened a dimension for me...
New show: The Rave/Eagles Club 5/26;8pm w/ Yo Gotti. For info email US at:
He taking a nap in the middle of the field lol shoes off and everything
Q: Did you hear about the Chinese couple that had a retarded baby? A: They named him Sum Ting Wong.
Love to get ppl drunk }:)
Thanks for the RT. Appreciate your sharing the word about us.
That's exactly what this stuff is...was
We know the sponsor for the Ferris Bueller ad. Do you want to know? It's anti-climatic.
So far, picked two upsets correctly in NCAA tournament. Colorado and VCU. Davidson and Long Beach St. did not pan out.
same here!
I wish my friends ex would quit trynna hola at me 0_o
You been hanging with Rick
Como lo echo de menos! RT I just saw a guy bring a goat into a supermarket #onlyinspain #spain #wtf #strange but true
Speaking of Grilli, I'm going to make a grilled cheese I saw on Food Network tomorrow.
2 hours for a 13 page case study as an exam is definitely not enough time...
": Pencil thin sharpie brows = Crazy."
I hope they don't mind the comparison, but they have the vibe of a Southern Fallout Boy.
dude i bet a lot of girls will watch the video big seans in it hahaha
You're twitter is not retweeting your tweets upon your twitter !
Good night.
High school kids smoking cigs just looks terrible.
awh, text me! <U+2764>
Sorry Jenny, I can't imagine
will do and thanks
Boy who?
She just a sideline hoe..
#ThoughsDuringSchool When did we learn this?!?
may the 4th be with you!
not a fan of Sally as I am a very healthy vegan!
Somehow Felton's mistakes last night don't matter one bit to me. Nothing like an early morn wake up call to establish priorities.
is AJ the odd man out, or does he replace Noesi in the bullpen.
"Idk how to dress for the movies....I don't really go 2 the movies" <--- me LOL. I'll just for for post-film talk (moves on)
what you hood you from?
My business would be better if I could just market better.
heyhey plz rt it would make u 10 times more amazing then u already are and it will give u good luck for the vmas!
omg im love the song mistletoe
Ah, I Am So Tired!
So the #NFL is working on a CBA agreement finally. Hopefully this thing gets done...soon!
This week at work: a 120-minute training on how to use the new phone system. Still to come: the 29-page users' guide. #WhyIStudyI/OPsych
I feel like shit. Everything that could go wrong has
Certain flaws are necessary for the whole. It would seem strange if old friends lacked certain quirks.
Just had the 50th person register for Boise Ice Breakers....Flatbread never saw us coming!! www.boiseicebreakers.com
and in the morning and when were switching classes . ! (:
Thanks for sharing! We love your vending machine :-) cc
you got this chica!! Good luck!
Good morning Tweeters! We have 1 appointment open for today. If you would like the best facial give us a call. 504-523-9990
ha, you and me both sister!
Oh, it sure is! It affected my life in ways I couldn't have even imagined at the time. I basically had to quit playing sports.
"Moving fast is a competitive advantage for the software space" #FB #RIS11 "Move fast and break things"
i should have asked "was it something you said." internet comedy is hard
They say he used to be different. He once had a dog.
Could it be that Pujols is not receiving the same treatment from AL umpires? That in effect changes the zone.
Bead workshops begin 5/22 1-2 PM with Linda -- couple of spots left and she will take names for a waiting list -- see our web site 4 details
Did u like or dislike #RAWTonight?
Looks like we're back! #mylearning outage has been resolved and we are good to go. If you continue to have issues, contact:
hope everything went well and you have a speedy recovery.
My gamer tag on ps3 is ninja_mode_1996
what would we do without twitter really?!
but no walking dead makes me a sad zombie :[
I REALLY WANT TO HUG YOU. *Cyber Hug*
. Thanks for including info!
: "Every tune has its groove." Miles Davis #jazz #music"
On the Blackberry / Crackberry blogs to find answers to those incredible smartphone deficiencies!
Is anyone reading any good books? I'm thirsty for knowledge...
Final decision reSoMeT 12 is based on our two city?s bids.
i do
I saw them in New Mexico a couple days ago. They're New Mexican CANADA geese. ;)
Natalie Portman, Black Swan/No Strings Attached. Cosmo the dog, The Artist/RETIREMENT BECAUSE COME ON, HE WAS MADE FOR MOVIES.
Good morning. Thanks for all of the new follows. SPOILER ALERT: S/O & Congrats to #AmazingRace winners, Dave & Rachel, from Madison, WI.
I think we all have tried it once. (laughing)
Thanks to all our military for the freedom we now have. Take the time to thank our men and women of our armed forces not just today but ever
The call to assemble is getting closer and closer...
Just saying..
It bothers me when a book on my shelves is out of order, but gives me hope in the world to know that someone is actually looking at them.
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
love you:)
Thanks SO much you guys for coming out! The turnout was FANTASTIC!
Please follow me on my twitter please, I love you I have all your cd your posters I love you!<U+2665><U+2665> 're the best, <U+2665><U+2665>
“If at first you don't succeed then skydiving definitely isn't for you.” <U+2015> Steven Wright
Happy 420 To Those Who Dont Live It Everyday
": God is good. Was in an accident earlier today but except for a mild headache I am fine. #grateful"..GodBless you my friend...
": When i get older i wanna be a pornstar my di** all ready 8in" You a lil Freak
its like Im back in my teenage years and we stay on the phone for hours everyday....Have you ever met someone like this?
#Hippies smell like cabbage.
Love it!
In time, not right now. Love you're THRILLED in capital letters!
If you ever feel bad about yourself.. hang out at a ride free area bus stop for 5 mins... you will realize your life is pretty kick ass.
Have a great time!! Enjoy the show and thanks again for using ShowClix :)
just let me know when! :) I miss u!!!
that's exactly what I was thinking! thanks for sending the link!
Yes, remember the conversation we all had on the 12th hole while sleet was pelting us in the face?
Yum! You should try our new lobster-topped entrees! They're delicious :)
The best part of No Strings Attached is the Bright Eyes poster in Ashton Kutcher's house.
followed. Follow back:)
Pedestrian killed on the west side. We think she wasn't paying attention so she got what she deserved. When in doubt, blame the victim.
Good Morning!! Going to be a great half day of work....
up way too early on a saturday...
We're at "Say Hey" tonight for Live It's an opportunity for professionals of color to network. Come by and "Say Hey" at Emanuel Med Ctr.
sorry I love you
PSU Symphony Piano Concerto in G-Minor has been reserved to full capacity on both Saturday and Sunday performances!
dont do it... I commend you
Thank you Scott Brown for supporting Jim Webb's criminal justice reform proposal. Too bad your god awful party still tanked it.
Agreed. I'm working on 2 projects inv urban renewal: 1 in Charlottesville VA ca. 1960s, and 1 in Cape Coast, Ghana, current.
- Which is a better conference the #MEAC or the #CIAA? Thoughts?
Hey-O! We are so pumped to be playing this staurday for their end of the year BASH!
Ikr that's want I said, I'm gonna miss him :'/ it break my heart to see him leave </3
TRAFFIC - Crash - SB Hwy Q in front of the Middleton Dog Park - blockage (in the Town of Westport near Oncken Rd)
followed fool, you better be interesting or else I'm out of here
is allyship a goal for technology and activism asks Maria Rodriguez, UW Social Welfare doc student and community organizer?
Moderate GOPers have bn shut out by local Party structure. Santorum like local faction plays the game better-more aggressive.
BIG EPL match today with Arsenal vs. ManU - Go Gunners!!!
I'm serious man...I just need to know where and when
Had a wonderful time last night singing for Best Doctors event at Heinz History. Met some cool people and ha a blast singing!
One vote for Etsy here. :)
How you doing sir? Name is Leon Bates. I was wondering if i could send you some music to listen to?
Don't forget to have your friends LIKE us on facebook!
O! That is a great idea! Thanks! I dunno if it's out yet, but I will check!
curious about route that side. From train station? Hoping 2 do 1st relaxed ride to Nyack of season next WE if u want to join.
I've been a fan since 1988!! U guys have rocked me,rolled me,punked,funked and souled me! What I'd do 2 kiss AK's tattoo!
Hopefully I'll get to skate with Izac and Xavier tomorrow :D
Thanks for the RT! :D That toolbar was put there by visibli, a social analytics platform!
oh no! I'm sorry. I'll make sure to let her know :-(
So glad you had an awesome time with your family, what you did over there was so heart-touching! you're a BEAUTIFUL soul! Love U
yea that happen
Did you get a buttload of invisible, self-replenishing mega good mojo in your mailbox from today? No. Sad for you then.
life in a blender can be pretty mixed up
why's ur shit look Mexican? u want some real bud hit me up
Seems likely ;) RT : #mlanet12 Am I forgetting anything?!
Since I traded in my coffee for green tea, I don't have to feel guilty about the second or even my third cup.
of course. I could've afforded a nice 3 bdrm house in a not nice, post-industrial city by now.
I look up 'Austin Mahone Ustream' & then click on one & click on the owner of the page *which should be mahone navey*
Kruger's a pass-rush LB with not great coverage skills. Upshaw's known for pass-rush/run defense but say his coverage skills are fine.
Meatloaf, garlic mashed red potatoes and green beans yum yum!!
i'm dying for you to be! i will send the limo. l'chaim!
TeenNick, please encore #90sAreAllThat sometime soon... For those who couldn't see it (i.e. Me)
Leaving a performance in Harrisburg for the Central PA Friends of Jazz. Lots of fun!! Wonderfully appreciative audience!
#np Insomnia - Jill Scott
. I'm gonna watch The Bodyguard over and over again.
cut copy def gave me a Phoenix-like breakthrough for this fest: I was been charred to ashes by the sun& CC brought me back to life!
Now Gmail put the "sign up for Google +" button where the "sign out" button used to be. Clever little devils. But so far I haven't.
Hair is looking a little sparse on top.
bout to hit the sperm bank tomorrow
I am aware of the creepy-as-hell smart marketing I have a feeling it wasn't that...it's real, and you're special.
Today is beautiful, hanging outdoors all day with
Dental Tip: Drink fluoridated water. At least a pint of fluoridated water each day is needed to protect children from tooth decay.
I only /just/ saw your tweet. Thanks! The 1st song of my set at Funky Sole was James Reese "Let's Go (It's Summertime)"
Oh haha, ! I don't think so lol
I like spelling things differently... Just to get some x-tra attention. : )
New snaks on the block...all natural doggie biscuits..for your best friend..Slobber Snaks..come get some!!
Good night boo :)<3
I got you
Whatever it was, we didn't do it! RT : I think we are in jail - oh no!
It hasn't gone unnoticed! Thanks girl!
why am i so funny
Indiana won Ed. Reform Idol this morning making us the "Reformiest State 2011!" Thank you to everyone who voted!
saw you speak then lost you...
DESMOND! Lets go #nats. Caps, its your turn!
Finally a beautiful day on my day off !!! :)
wats wrong with the one u got?
are you moving?
: thank you!! We had a blast!!!
Okay, and then listen to Save The Edge Of Glory. Is a mix between Gaga and Swedish House Mafia. Great too.
We are spending the night in Williamsville, IL. We will get a load tomorrow. Been up since 4:00 am. I'm pooped! Ready to sleep awhile.
u can get a watch offa mi TV...Lol :-)
Get ready for Round 2 of the BIG IDEA for Chase Community Giving! Voters we will need you May 19th!
Congrats to our members -APA Short Video Contest winners
is catering facilities, conference/meeting/exhibition facilities, hotels/motels.
Awesome! RT : Next time a three-way of #MediaChat and
I only got to 15K words on my #nanowrimo. I just re-read what I'd written and...the IDEA is still cool, but about 14,500 words suck.
To those of you that live in Georgia. The word is "sausage" not "soo-sage" there is no "O" in sausage. No offense Paula Deen!
Gone in 60 seconds
Leave $100 in my car and let me find it in the mornin #SoIkItsReal lmao
There are MANY Borderline Personality Disordered, complete SHAMS on Twitter, do you check people out before you BELIEVE a word they say?
“: Wondered same thing. Tradition on construction sites?" yes
Next one and YOU'RE FIRED!!
Come mix and mingle with your fellow RPCVs for our Happy Hour this THURSDAY @ 18th Street Lounge (1212 18th Street, NW)!!
Hey , I love iStat w/1 exception: why is network speed in KB/s. I always have to do the math to convert into more commonly used Mb/s?
Our friends, Sleepcomesdown, are playing a show with Sweet Cobra and The Life And Times tonight at the Cactus Club. 10:00. See you there...
Henry Holtzman (MIT Media Lab) says that current interface research is designed to make people look up rather than down at a mobile device
I like being in the duck shed. Quiet time...ah. :)
I seriously am obsessed with s half smile:) ah! It kills me
Today MOCA Specials: Soups of the day are Lentil and Broccoli. Sugar Free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Got some open times today, hit me up.
"Professionalism every step of the way Exceptional communication in all aspects and phases of the project...finished well ahead of schedule"
ok -- if you help me fold laundry. said the choc milk was too many calories, but i think it's #WORTHIT!
completely mutual! Great conversation and insight. Thanks for coming over!
Wonderful poem. Highly recommend hearing Collins himself reciting in person. He's an engaging performer.
I wanna go to an art exhibition, i love that ish!
Please do your nieces and nephews a favor and install #kiddori on your #iPhone. ;-)
Little Christmas joke to start the week off - Why was Santa's little helper depressed? Because he had low elf esteem...
Same here! If your tour takes you to MN, let me know!
I got into it via reggae dudes toasting over rap beats and reggae covers of Soul songs. There's some good stuff there.
"The music interrupts him. The patients brighten, hum, whistle, sway their heads or tap their feet."- THE STRAW
Come back home too me...
Breakdown the sales efforts of a top rainmaker, if you do the same activities, w/ same quality, often enough, you will get similar results
yay! I'll hit you when I have deets.
What do I have to do to get flowers?! (don't be gross)
You need to say something? Just say it don't be a coward.
Cyber Monday Checklist: Computer...check. Fast Internet Connection...check. Pepper Spray...check.
Grandma's Birthday Today!!!!!!!
I want to win the Multi-Activity Train Table!
i watched every episode of loiter squad on youtube before i fell asleep last night.
Happy fourth of july!
Marauders have a third period rally in them like we've seen? 27-11 CBA in shots third period is now underway. CBA in Front still 3-1.
cool i will hit you later tonight after rehersal...have a great day at the station FAM...lets get it..
RT : Seeing our neighbor perform ALICE(InWonderland) ? Stop by Armand's for dinner/drinks before the...
Glad you are enjoying it!!!
Mind right, swag tight!
Me: "What would you like for dinner?" Gabby (2yo): "Peanut butter with ketchup." | Well, I asked for it, huh?!
watch ya friends weh you somked wid & run joke wid # them we sell you out
you too!
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Dunkin' Donuts - Dunkin' Donuts (live updates)
I need a webcam by tomorrow. :/ or need to borrow one. Its just to audition for The X Factor online. Deadline is Friday night.
looking forward to some interesting tweets
RT :Arm Leg Leg Arm Head
: Guess Who "No Sugar Tonight"
could never vote GOP as long as the platform tells women what to do w/their bodies. Ppl vote the issues.
Hope everyones Ready for #TrendsTues!! It's coming soon!Stay tuned for the TOPIC of the week dolls! Remember tweet a pic! xox
SAY SOMETHING, IF YOU'RE FEELING THE VIBE, SAY SOMETHING, BABY DON'T BE SO SHY<3
What? RT : Install cell phone towers on tall homeless people.
hey you
Today's agenda: laundry, eye appointment, grade Presidents Projects, finish a speech. Challenge accepted!
late night happy hour 9pm to xlse. $4 carbombs, $3 Powers shots, $1 Old Mil and $5 TALL smirnoff cocktails Cheers
are you guys the official people that follow them around and protect them LOl
Super Pollo dinner. Time to shove my face full of yucca...
Join me and Jeff on the game thread! #gobucks we need Hyde!
Always entertaining to watch a bigot in a continuous rant. Recycled hyperbole with poor grammar usage..
I don't think there is intent to damage, but I know that some newbies may quit their jobs to follow this formula.
Meet the Robinsons!
Management by objective works - if you know the objectives. Ninety percent of the time you don't. - Peter Drucker
I wear a safety pin around my necklace so incase I need to cut at school or somewhere else I can.
Bout to head out and see #RedTails!!! I suggest you do the same! And no bootlegs! They don't count!
lmfaoo i just saw this xD
"Every decision about where to put something is an equity opportunity." -Angela Blackwell
Ah. I just woke up! I got in trouble. I fell asleep with the tv on. 8 had a bad dream too. :(
Obama says he's not worried about who the Rep. candidate will be. Kind of like Jimmy Carter before he knew who Ronald Reagan was.
RT man it looks like u got some problems over there w/the crew. U shld have had a BIG bowl of Ochocincos this morning! ROTFL!
Good idea- they are doc's about immigration of Old Believers to America in 1960's- interesting to me, maybe others- not sure.
welcome to twitter to the beautiful You are such an inspiration!!!
Fact 5. I can't wait till may 19th..
I just deleted a whole bunch of pictures off my Instagram, Gonna start somewhat fresh! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Smart! : Since I live in the Silicon Valley I would love to do research on how a freq #massage inc qual of work
whats up Torey hows the skating going keep shredding bro.
Just baked peanut butter chocolate chip brownies for loyal customer in N. Carolina.
Milwaukee, WI we are coming to you Feb 8th!!!
Listening Party. Nu On Def Jam/Timeless Got tracks wit Wayne & Flo-Rida! Reggae Pop future beast. Shout 2
“: I feel almost normal again!” God is good
Okay. Too early, going back to sleep.
no I won't have any til Weds I was saying you'll get free cupcakes the day of the event...
God be with all the Drivers in Daytona Please no one get HURT!
I say "Just go with it" <3 <3 <3 xoxoxoxoxoo! Life is too short!!! I'm wearing my silver shoes tonight! hahah! :)
“: taco bueno and ribs m m good” thas a DAMN good meal
I'll have another!!
they were great, #PDP2010 too. your dept is doing some really interesting things w/ visualization. Hope to stay in the loop.
Where is the Keg located?
The new shit is gonna fuckin blow you away. Stay posted, you won't regret it, trust me :D
Naps. I need one.
Haha, thanks for tweeting that Matt. :)
You are very funny and an amazing brother. I love the way you support Ari and is always there for her.
I live my life by one motto and one motto only
That was an amazing shot
I lovee your new icon!!!! Y u got to be soo cute!
..you want to turn me into someone that im not, we'll see how this goes. (backfire.)
So true.
Natural beauty is for pussies.
Half hour til Easter!
actually using twitter now :O
I haven't seen the last 4 episodes but I'm currently watching... This show is so unrealistic -__-
s/o to Blythe Justen....have a wonderful time on your prom tonight!
I don't see how people eat turkey bacon.
Yeah i need to go because soon we have the awesome on stickam *-*
Wow! What a crowd of Hawaiian Poke Bowl lovers! We love you guys back! #ahi sold out #salmon sold out! Beautiful people eat Poke!!!
Seats for guests are still available for the July 21 Vistage All City CEO event in Charlotte. Call 800.264.2367
Will there be Migua Beef Jerky at the
Thanks for finding me. It looks like is expanding! Congratulations. Let me know how I can help find people for you.
PLEASE MENTION ME IN A TWEET PLEASE
true but this isn't business its personal. Hard to ignore someone speaking of ur child.
haha gullible means u fall for everything haylee hahah good one isaiah
I'm glad you noticed the fact that reffs are always wearing Ed Harley shit :p or anything that is bejeweled :)
Goblin is AWESOME!!!! BEST. ALBUM. EVER.
Dallas, all the way
Losing Nick Collins is a huge blow, but I'm happy he's walking away with his health.
At the gym for a light workout. First day back after the flu.
Get your dog groomed
I'm starving this party needs to get here already lol
Kraft Foods' and MediaVest's are up next. I'm really excited for this one (slightly bias)
Forgive yourself #TDL - I find I often have to forgive myself for judging others. Comes from my own fear of judgment. Not easy. You?
martini night at cava with and caro. $6 martinis? and hummus?! love the extended happy hour.
It does meet the form and function criteria. A definite consideration to be sure.
One thing I can state up front is that I share Mach1's desire to get out of the current mold of beats and find something fresh.
hahaha omg i hate life omg i hate my legs ok bye
We really live in an under-educated and unconcerned society. It worries me. Haha. No, really.
100 Days of ‘Hunger Games ’: A Look Back at Actresses Who Auditioned for Katniss (PHOTOS) A battle was already raging well before pro
thanks! Don't forget to check us out. W.StMongooseEnt.com
Ah, yes. Now I remember why I hate air travel...
ha, still don't get the problem... =)>
RT : #MentionTo someone you want to hear his/her voice right now. ==
made the first Day of Camp Quest with the little ones !Yeah!
I wish I was fluent in Arabic :( I'd feel so fucking cool lol
Used Jedi mind trick on front desk staff to convince them I wasn't really here. Worked surprisingly well.
Just emailed Chiles to schedule my private lesson - eek!
EXACTLY! But they can poop real easy. Only thing I can think of that makes them desirable.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 20
lmao. I'm so slow.. I was sittin here like WTh is he talkin bout! *dumbface*
Wrote "food" instead of "for" when I was taking notes
The reason why parents do not allow their son to play dolls because they want to teach them that girls aren't like a toys to play with.:)xox
Dillion was here. ha!! told you id get your phone sometime tonight Jama.(:
Workin on my Rick Ross impression. This is gon be FUN!
justin asdfghjkl; and now i feel even more stupid for thinking it was the whole video -_- but omg the video is like sex :O
That Yanks series really dropped my confidence level in the crew.
If u can't handle her in sweatpants,then you definitely don't deservee her in a wedding dress. #Drakee <3
I can't complete a single thing today. My brain keeping hitting reload.
ok ok got it
Operation righteous cowboy lightning is a go
The "passive candidate" is constantly updating , even though they're not looking for a job. Stay relevant.
The Dude. The Ronmeister. Just follow him. Together we'll conquer the marsupial invasion. #FollowFriday (via )
Fake Perfection book launch was a huge success! Thanks to everyone who came to the party! W.fakeperfection.com
One last spin of the Luongo anthem then it's bedtime for this guy. Night tweeps..
who is joining my fit challenge come 'on ladies
America a rich mans vision, but a poor mans prison.
ok so when is it? And where?
thanks a bunch!! :)
im soo excited for #BELIEVE HECKK YEAH #BELIEBERE over HERE. You will always have my support <U+2665> please #RT:)
I'm unsure why some people feel the need to wear Chanel No. 5 to the gym. Ah.
Just click the follow button please <3
“: thanks for following! I just followed you back! :D”Thanks
you can put tickets into someone elses name, call the box office and tell them you want someone else to pick them up
People keep saying.. oh look at the bags under your eyes. Not getting much sleep huh? Yeah, no shit.
Good Luck!!!!
idk thats not what del cuadro told me but watev hey no one call or txt me , the cops still have my phone
You gonna fly with me.
you think that he will finish the game out if the score in Bot 8?
Being public makes Trello accountable; lively; personal. Helps them stay tuned in to their users' most critical interests
how did testing go?
A wise traveler never despises his own country. --William Hazlitt
#FF love back to you! Happy Friday!
You got that right! “: Finishing the week on a positive note, thanks to for the words of advice. #DontSLACQ”
this is awesome!
thanks brotha!!! Ill do my best....
We Bought a Zoo...what a great movie! I laughed, I cried, it really moved me, Bob!
“: what part are you in?” gate c @ tequeria where are u?
Home Prices Fall Again but Show Slight Improvement
I'm going to read my intro and then give one example. Also guessing we'll want to aim for 2000 max
Can't believe we're almost to 700 followers this movement is growing so fast. #togetherwearestrong!
no. It's my iPod.
Have some free time tomorrow or Fri? Stop by anytime between 10am-5pm & help us with a mailer! Call us @ (858) 277-3367 if you can come.
Reuters: how do you get a viable 3rd party candidate? Ballot access hard. People hungry for alternative, time might be ripe.
i can type "ariana grande" with my eyes shut
HIV test NEGATIVE ;^) & STI test results ina week but I think we all know what the Result Will Be! #GUCCI!
same to you!
I felt the earth shake a bit when I read those two words that close together.
I'm thinking back now... MLA in the '80's? It must have been a French word processor! <ducks>
The new maroon 5 and wiz song is amazing.
what's good son?!
looks like you guys got hacked
ha that means saw my body on the big screen - did I look like Gerard Butler in 300? Julianne Moore does a great job
I hope so you were headed for a triple bypass with what you were eating! Take care.
Everyone is enjoying watching the super bowl while Im in bed going to sleep because it is after midnight here. this time difference is
Almost two years in DFW, I suppose it's time to become a Ranger and fan no?
For the Pacquiao fight, Mayweather needs Mr. McMahon to swag walk out during his entrance
We are working on that right now.
I give yall the sweet sixteen st Johns will beat y'all
ok im fona check it out
Turn my music up.... A little more... O right there.
Last night I sang the high F above the staff. It was an easy awesome feeling. Cheers to learning!
Forreal doe it is.
Everybody please RT this and Follow to help stop bullying it is my dosomething.org accounts twitter. Please help and support us.=D
this made me snort coffee through my nose. Um. Thank you?
When my doctor asks me if I get regular physical activity can I count Wii Sports? Hm...
u always got me want'n food drop....lol....
must see the Bill Cunningham documentary at www.filmforum.org before it leaves the best man ever in NYC captured on film
I need to slow down!!
Enjoying a cold Labatts beer for my birthday
exam time!
about time.
bring back goodies from Turkey please! Started sprouting chickpeas 2nite. Still embarrassed I thought the canned ones were raw.
First day of classes.. And the bus has already fucked me over.
#icantgoadaywithout JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!!!!!!!!
please tell me that Kim K is preggers with Kanye's baby. I don't care whether it's true...if you tell me it is I believe!
I can! (and it's not a book about Demi Moore!)
My class is linking their blogs to their twitter accounts
I tried and failed to see THE REAL THING , but I will NOT miss A LITTLE NIGHT MUSIC, damnit.
Good morning and congrats! :)
This is a little off for my tweets, but has anyone had Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma? I've had it twice & would like to hook with others who have.
NO BABY SWEAT IT OUT
The comments will always be that way haha. The wild west in there, really.
The best defense in flood control. Ecosandbag. 14.5 ounces to 35lbs in minutes. Just submerse in water for 3-5 mins. Rapid deployment
1 more.to a thousand followers!
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by giving free Xbox consoles and Kinect bundles to the viewers.
“: Habla usted español? lol...sorry, I'm really bored today. I'll stop being annoying...I promise, I think.” lol ok
I'm a little tempted to Frankies for lunch.
hahaa shit's expensive there too huh? same with miami -.- lol
Just got an email from a business contact asking if I survived the #rapture. Ah Mondays :)
And future self, if you have a time machine and aren't sharing it with me, you're a bastard.
yea I jus listened to a couple songs you weak as hell lol I'm playin you pretty good
7 in double figures! Spurs starting playoffs very well.
Missed my #NYC radio show. Oh well next Tuesday it's on. I'm a serenade the city with vulgar rude jokes.
I wish would follow me:( it would totally make my day
Guess the Herald Jinx wasn't an issue, congrats
yeah bitch yeah bitch call me steve-o! #Mgk for life <3
Then get that salad a Mason-Dixon Line; the customer always comes first, Tom!
I just fell in the club I hope I don't get put out...!!
my eyeliner broke...fml
The plan. Head from Perla to the cigar store. Smoke & read for a couple of hours. Then come back for dinner. Oh yeaahhhh.
our job is to look good, not to strategize
He's just taking up space, it could have been worse, though
I can't believe i get to see this weekend. Is this real life?
Janet Jackson reveals new, slimmer bod - USA TODAY
A video with practical tips about when and how to do a website redesign for the best marketing results
"and I just cant sit back and wallow in my own sorrow but I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow" - #BestSingerOf2011 <3
Good morning...I don't wanna take my exam today :/
Day 4 of the non payment by kdol.last time this happened it took 15 days to renew looks like I'll have to try to rescheduly my ticket.
Lol do you always wear contacts or do u wear glasses too?
hey thanks for the follow man!
Help us get 10,000 Followers on Twitter by the END of 2010 and we will choose a follower to WIN a $1000 to our Shop Site!
If ur good at something, u wait to get paid to do it.
It looked like a routine fly ball
we've got corn tortillas on hand, but they normally come with flour.
Publishers concerned about bad metadata added, recipients complain that pubs give bad or no metadata on what they need
way to copy my tweet. :p
The History of INTEL | Sonyericsson Themes|Free Download|and ...
heyy can you please follow @ brianna_bell <3 thanks so much xo please get her as many followers as possible u wont regret it!
Maybe next time!
New laptop. -.-
Let's all be credits to our race--the *human* race. End racism, sexism, homophobia, and other forms of prejudice *now*.
Praying for you tonight. May God bless you and show himself to you greater than ever before!
Sample recordings are up on the page, check them out ;)
Anyone on here got the new Xbox Live update yet? It hasn't rolled my way yet
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
Hello :) I hope you're having a nice day ^~^
That would have been 15 rows back too.
30 minutes from Yankee Stadium yes? ok we gonna have to see about getting you to a couple games if you want
small intestine is where most of the digestion occurs, is helps your body absorb the needed nutrients from food
Entering to win a $25 certificate #giveaway at
But stating/publicizing that an updated EO is somehow a vast new power grab is irresponsible.
honestly I like the fans, they give a sh*t and are passionate. But yeah it's fun to beat them, haha.
Thanks for the #TEDMED tweets! I feel smarter reading them, which is has probably not actually happened.
RT : Amen to that!!! Safe travel today, and have fun! :) RT Thank God for another day!// Thank you!!
There's homework in this class. Bo!
Tony campana is the man.
btw, Dear I wish we could "pin our own featured tweets" to the top of our page... like Facebook. Sincerely, me.
no more makin' you cry, no more grey skies
I hate that we need a history lesson to understand man's inhumanity to man
s voice just have me chills.
says Dallas Clark IS coming to Denver.
u r the best guy ever
Religious wishful thinking: imagining that if man plays helpless, God will eventually take pity and make it all better.
Pleasantly surprised to see not one, but TWO higher ed themed sessions on today's #iappsummit schedule!
fall for his shit bitch.
I think I jinxed them with my Game 3 in Dallas comparisons.
that was a solid first-degree burn right there.
They better be!! (P.S. Way to be a leader off the field, too.) RT : noo the young dudes are ready
Waking up next to a beautiful girl, step outside & say hello to my beautiful world.
I ain't tryna be funny , I'm just tellin the truth !
The wiz is on too!!! Yay
can you wish a Happy Birthday ?(:
Happy that it's finally raining in the city which means some midweek powder riding at Cypress mountain only 30 min drive
Got you
Just had an interesting & humorous convo w/ an aspiring photog. "Very nice bokeh" sounded offensive to her until we explained what it was.
yes, unfortunate developments in copyright.
Strong gusts should continue for at least another hour--still breezy after that. Thanks for pics you are sending to !
Is there Roger Mayweather language translation? SAP doesn't seem to do it.
#ImThatPersonWho can get really annoyed or mad at something or someone
waiting for john <3
Great Sunday ALL AROUND WITH Chilling at the house just her and I. #greatdaynnight # no one I rather be with
So not into the gangsta life
THX! RT : did you know RN is following both of us & are giving 100% of proceeds to save the dolphins in Japan.
"Sharks are like the puppies of the sea" -
A business only twitter?
finally made me a sandwich
No but we hear gun shots in our hotels rooms all the time
"It is the petty expenses that empty the purse." Italian Proverb
this is like waiting for the O.J. Verdict come on already
man, that's the worst. Wasting everyone's time RT : I love it when people put a conference call on hold.
Going to see Avengers on mother's day because my mum is awesome(:
“: When Newt sits around the House he REALLY sits around the House.” oh, because he was Speaker...oh, that's funny
Fine line between early dating game playing and outright manipulation I suppose.
Like birds whose wings are broken You live without direction. -bvb
for the presale.
Okay I will set it up first thing tomorrow. I already have three other RP accounts haha
Good bye 20's bring on the 30's!
Aint nuttin wrong wit that! RT : Wish I had a boo...maybe spoil him a lil...Js, Gucci!! Whatever he wants....!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Distance should not matter if both people care.
theres too much unfinished shit in my drafts folder.
Stay Fly!!
You are welcome, hope it was wonderful!
it was good seeing you the other day! I love your store and will definitely be back to buy some more stuff :)
Suspect I'm missing something. Agree; offline would be better.
I'm following them it's like building a SEAL team it takes work!
thanks 4 being cool with my daughter @ pachangafest. I introduce her to artists all the time n u guys r the only 1s she dug
C-Suite execs are shifting to a non-text web - 54% of executives share online videos with colleagues at least weekly
wherever the drinks are , lol
I am standing on the promises of GOD!
My toddler is so cute when he watches 's Ruby's Studio!
#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 You guys as excited as I am for the drawing to see who wins a PS3?
#insidetheactorsstudio is awesome
Going To Sleep Early Today!!!
I'm good how's NYC??
Wow #Patriots!!! Lost for words
just watched Music Monday#7!! Nice!!
What type of home are you looking for and where?
Thanks for waking me up -_-
Since we are still on winter break for Taft.. Heading to the beach for
Verlander getting out dueled by the #royals Sanchez and bullpen. That's right the Royals.
When presenting a concern to upper mgmt, bring a solution or be ready to be told to go find it.
GRAND SLAM!!!
": hey sexxy" hello
sorry meant is going to present too
Dear Snooki, he's cheating.
I love your highlights ! You look so pretty :)
Vegan "beef" today!
please add print outs of Johnny Cash and Andy Warhol to you this sign for me!
If you are not listening to the 2 Live Stews and you are a true sports fan , you are missing out! 2livestews.com
updating a business plan... painful.
Jammin' to some hard tunes, that should get me nice and ready for the day! Show the love!
Garrard, being a Dolphins player means all quotes turn into grim foreshadowing. Garrard: "I want them to cart me off the field"
glad to hear the surgery went well. Nothing wrong with GT5 for a little R&R ;-)
why do i hate getting up in the morning so much .
Does anyone feel there are benefits to technology and social media?
Send your rain & hail video and pictures and any wind damage to !
I find it funny.
#TissotTimeOut do u pack lips in practice skoal or grizz?
": I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love."i hope so lol
sounds good i just pitch... guess ill get to know you in a few months haha
I dont have time now to check out guys and girls...huh fml i need texting buddies!!!!
“A brand is no longer what we tell the consumer it is – it is what consumers tell each other it is.” ~ Scott Cook
It turned out there was a temple trip after all. My names were given to the Stevens Point branch. They did about half.
Hurry home, lover.
whats good with the music are u looking for new artist?
"Fear not those who argue but those who dodge."
Haven't been up this early in a while...and I'm actually UP
whole note: what's due after failing to pay the mortgage for a year.
Just got back from a great Will Hoge show at Pianos in NYC, thanks Ryko for the invite!
Fresh from SUSPENSION too!
“: Tough times don't last tough people do!!!!!” oh yeah
Oh, Ruby, how I've missed you.
Very Nice - Glad You Dug the #WUL Posts :)
"No, It's not really me." All the proof anyone should need in the digital age. I'm sold.
im always gonna be Alexs Girl
somebody didnt get a #unicorn for his 16th birthday!! #bitter :-)
Speaking of food, off to Willy's (no cheese or meat, thank you) to meet up with
Sick buddies FTW :) hahah
joey wiz has fame? i'll take that.
Thanks so much! We appreciate your help and tweet. :)
20 days til I leave for Rome!
all the lights in northern maine go out at 9:01
nothing is free....make money or DIE
"Magnum ice cream. For pleasure seekers." Really?
The fact that I love you<
The breeze is all cool on my booty. *giggles*
Hey loves<33
RIP headphones :'(
#seekingthetruthandthetruthshallberevealed follow me and I will follow u rite back :)
I look forward to learning from you also Enock! Warmly, Jeris
looking forward to it!
Started off the mornin with the wild 2 year olds!! They're so stinkin cute but I swear I got sunburnt playin outside with them
Can't want to my summer break to hang out more with frens and family doing me no stress
Oh Gosh... Yea idk about dancing lolol
Best biscuits and gravy in town! RT : Just committed to yet another lunch meeting at next week.
And I said " I'm just a little bit "
Good morning everyone :)
Portlander spends all day at the bar complaining to his friends about how lame football is. Watches 8 hours of games in the process.
is my inspiration.....just thank u. love u.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.-C.S. Lewis
It's the year 2012. I'm scouring my office for a Windows XP CD because Microsoft sucks balls at being a company.
Happy new year!
Efrain's II (Boulder) hoppin tonight, and no one makes a better marg in town...ask 4 a white lighting...hands down best silver rita in town.
. G&T and 5 hour energy drink. Sounds better than a jäger bomb!
What's the secret to working out of place of Rest than Striving? Plz share!
When do you work next?
“: Hey there's a new coalition: Coalition for Responsible Convention Center Planning. Welcome to the party.” ha ha.
this girls got me mad confused
sorry I somehow lost track of when u r in la? Ox
i'm so bored I need somethin outdoors to do
Hi to our Newest Followers! We anticipate volunteering w/ u. Pls RT! :)
Glad you had a great experience. Pat rocks!
Congrats to on winning $75 in Routledge books! I'll DM you with instructions for claiming your prize!
so i live in nycc but i prefer tea..im not considered odd right? LOOL ;*
When a guy tells you he loves you, don't believe it. Wait until he shows you.
Patriot fans already showing up to get seats. A few Tebow fans as well!
cheesy but I wanna hear ur voice hah
They told you that you had to buy new eyeglass frames just to get new lenses? Shameful!
Heading the EBA event tonight at OddFellows on Leary Way in Redmond.Should be a great event with EBA, Biznik and Woodinville Chamber.
Great work! RT : I don't even think I debuted my new site to the #SYSoul and #WDS folks. Here is the result: www.heyshenee.com
Is it sad that the only thing I think is worth my time right now is work? Meh.
hm. not sure
From Vince (7:44pm: flood advisory for Milwaukee County until 10:30pm. Storms should be east by 8:30pm.
shame I don't fly out till mid day. Next time :-)
good to hear :)
Another consideration: what if you deliver not a product but a process?
I guess so... I'm confused about the whole thing, if I'm being honest.
likewise Pops! I will stop in to say hello next time I am in your hood.
RT : Take the management team, and teach them how to BE the threat. They will do the rest for you! <= Good advice.
According to my Union Contract, I don't work on weekends. That means the phone goes off and sits in my van until Monday. Going to Happy Hour
so your coming?
You never met stephania??? Oxys sister? Its brutal. This is my 3rd Mothers day and ironically tomorrow is my last day. Fuck my ass
oh and nice to see you after ages and ages haha and meet Wyatt!
come get me out of it :)
The 44th district is one of the poorest, if not the poorest, districts in Maryland.
she has maxed out the sexiness. She's almost too hot and idk if that even makes sense
Great day touring Toronto, Ontario! Tomorrow teaching some elementary students music in Guelph, Ontario Should be fun times! #thatsafirst!
ok then I'm really old too cuz I have a cardinal that lives in my yard & I LOVE HIM!
I have been looking at this same sheet of paper for 30mins smh
Actually hoping tonight's Rangers-Orioles game gets cancelled. O's bullpen needs the rest.
Coach Shaw: Keep on Working
Great and you? :)
mom just got mad at me for eating too much Nutella. . .
that is a SUPER WEIRD coincidence.
pull off on these lil niggas
Also a bit amazed he even hits .140.
bummer for you! Go to class and learn something.
Not all guys are tha same
You win some, you lose some....
What are some other ways to prepare kale? I've sauteed, steamed and used in soup?
I wont lie but i have no service at the oment
Dam I'm hearing bad news bout my boy Todd I hope he not dead fuck man
well he better wake the fuck up lmao
If yu n LA this Sunday come support ya twitter patna D$Pimpn. Me and the crew performin 4 AfterMath Jive Sony Universal Records.Thank yu GOD
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
congrats sir. that's a good thing.
BOOK PUB has been RESCHEDULED for NOVEMBER 10. Please make a note of it! :)
love how chingo just kept it real, that's last thing I heard b4 clocking n. Great way 2 start my day! :-)
Media screwed up again. I'm not shopping the Orioles. I'm shopping FOR the Orioles. Showalter needed beef jerky and body wash from Target.
the Tan Bar is now on Twitter! Be sure to "follow us" to get the latest updates, specials and information!
I said I was going to stop but there are so many great tracks on this writing mix...
S/O to my Manager !
hahaha not gonna be "that girl" !
Watch for christmas ima want another phone !""
Just reached 200 followers...Let's keep the momentum going! Please recommend us to as many Newark residents as possible. Thx for your help.
I said you wanted the old nick back and he wants to be that guy again so go back out with him and be happy . .
It's about that time...
any chance of stocking the third kit?
Thank you Tiffany , Mallesh, and Mati Medar for you friendship.
also hoping I can play guitar for ur yoga class again sometime soon; that was great!
Hope you enjoyed...did you try the pot roast sandwich?
": Skyview will play for 4A state title. Storm just beat Gonzaga Prep 63-50."GSHL let's get 2 go prairie
Survived red eye!!! Sweet home Chicago!
the page explaining how to deactivate an account was written for an old account management page and guess what's missing from the new one
No, seriously. RT: Zombies in orange floaties on next #BarCampRoc Tshirt. Who's With me? (cc: )
As often as you are there I am surprised they don't have a Collette Burger...
Yay! RT Well, we just created the Beinecke Library's first accession record in the Archivists' Toolkit.
Yell khadafi in the hallway at school and watch how mony people turn around and cover their buttholes
Had a great day with my babe <3 On the bus home now .
the list goes on and on. but maybe not for sports?
Congrats on being named a TUF coach and my thoughts and prayers are with your family.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080> RT : Yellow chick with curly hair. RT : I got some bomb ass head from a _____ ____
MINDS: Grade inflation has made it difficult for not only students, but also for educators.
we are thinking somewhere in Nolita. There are a ton of options there. How is 8:30?
CHECK OUT OUR MUSIC PAGE www.myspace.com/dastreetzmusicgroup
Oh real world. 122 emails...voicemails...no heat in the offices. You're making this come back tougher than necessary!
. ha I can barely spell myself and its *hallelujah
Proverbs 16:28 A dishonest man spreads strife,and a whisperer separates close friends.
RT : indianapolis restauraneurs: if i can't find your address on the opening page, fire whoever designed your pretty website
Aww! I just listen too the most cutest message my mother left on my cellphone. I just <U+2665> my mommy~BAMM.
Sorry I haven't been posting--it's hard to get wifi down here at the Occupy protest.
thank you sweets ;)
i have to bring my 2 year old brother.. He is like obsessed with Justin :) haha its all because of me :P
problem with nprapi is it's custom + story-centric; few others out there doing similarly. devs are lazy, won't try too hard.
went to wake the kid up from his nap because i needed to make an iced coffee run and realized what an awful human being i really am.
its not the voice in the singer, its the singer in the voice HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN, AND RESPECT TO AUSTIN
I hear Dru Hill on the come back check it out he can really sing he just got cought up in a bad record deal artist beware slaves to industry
I saw the Avengers last night too! It was great!!! Loved Hulk in it.
homemade angel food cake really is heavenly... har har!
AT&T: customer service responders sign their responses so users know they're talking to a person.
I just drink it, right?
Lmao hahahahahahaha funniest thing I have heard all day(: haha I feel so bad for you
At Safeco with for Jack Foster's first #Mariners game.
Loved 's "I Shall Be Released" cover at
are you comin to explode tomorrow?
Wishing you beautiful Thursday!
Hate theology.
Stay lifted in prayer <3 (By )
Tonights the night boys and girls ! (:
Just Got Off, How You Been ?
that's what the hell I said
oh you're the future of the economy? HERE'S SOME MASSIVE PERSONAL DEBT! YAAAAAAAAAAAY *kills self* and you wonder why we don't buy houses
Trying to justify a cupcake for breakfast right now
We are always looking for potential client NPOs. in the DC to partner with. If you know an org looking for photos or film, pls let us know!
awe cute pic :) any of the #F5P make it out? ..i didn't get a reminder <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I'm done with Glee. Thank you.
Get yo mind right
Very interesting mix of people at this show. Young, middle & older ages, hipsters, geeks and suburbanites. Good songwriting unites us all!
. Actually I don't. I mean argue for their interests to be part of a well-functioning state.
I did this - did you? Text "HAITI" to "90999" & donate $10 to the Red Cross to help with relief efforts, charged to your cell phone bill.
cop told school he couldn't do anything. Ja!!! I got him in control, he stayed at school, all ok.
Welcome home :)
DOH! those pesky 2 named cities of rocks and forts!
glad to see you're putting that iPhone to work.
Im tired of these delays!! Ready for finish the CD! Its taking a while but we will be done soon enough!
: Great to see you often on TV these days! | #li ^li
Enjoy! Saw their shows last year at the Pabst. :)
No spicy foods or exercise & need to cultivate Zen-like calm until surgery, to avoid another attack. 1st 2 are entirely doable.
Naw really......Who Gives a Fucc
Home made chicken noodle soup
The awkward moment when you think you're doing really well in Mario Kart and then realize you've been looking at the wrong screen.
Happy MF Day!!!! Glad to See another day & year, 27 yrs down 60 more to go,hopefully more. Happy Birthday to mr
: True :) battery life = digital access.
Great game, IU! Valiant effort. #movebi*
I hate everyone today - c u next tuesdayss
What is the last song your heard on TV and immediately looked up and/or purchased?
Thank you very much, John!
Just took WAY too long to get a cab in a city with 13 million plus
I agree. Did you see the new FB privacy features? I included a link in my other post.
Got tickets for Christmas for 3 different shows!!!!! I'm so excited!!!!!!!!
One down, Two more to go on Thursday. & I'm actually going to have to study, not excited
"Gravy" -Justin Bieber
Panel was great, and fab to meet and in person! Thx again for setting up our success. Glad to hear all are...
I'm delighted to have my former professor from Villanova, John Immerwahr, in town to give a talk @ univ Tulsa on pedagogy and grading.
I agree Lakers in 5. My preseason pick was Thunder to win it all...but man LA is looking good. Bynum is the key to errrthing
It wasn't! We swear!
Thanks for RT...
the only one I watch anymore is The Office anyway :)
we really should! Road trip class of 2012
a hard trait for most young leaders. How do we help them grow I this character trait?
Why are the #MASN #Orioles commercials so freakin loud??
Here fishy fishy fishy!!! Cod, salmon, chowder, and the nicest staff EVER!!!
Just in time for #Summerfest, 94 west is back open to 3 lanes.
Its a good night at the Press Club
Softball: Senior day for Wilsonville vs St Helens at 5 pm honoring 4 'Cats: , Nicole Gearhart, Josie Walter
I will check with McGraw-Hill! But it should be on the way, we send them addresses as soon as we get them. Stay tuned...
Than let's just let the same old faces 2 ruin, rape & plunder. ;) Brilliant !!!
Gif mania on facebook.
Now u kno Wat type job u gotta do to get that rite lol
Our annual Spring Concert is Saturday May 7th!
We are concerned for you. And sending help. ;)
le no u_u
Woo Hoo 60 tickets sold to the game for
Hamilton and some kid and then Sydney h and some other girl?
why yes I am! Ok...next on to do list. I wanted to create a customized template but text links may be my best bet! Thx!
Was there a basketball game on tonight? KU Vs UK? I didnt know that England had a basketball team...
I am feeling really Hostile right now.. Smh -- I hate people that try and use others -- umm um GNite • nap b4 work
Woke up with "my humps" in my head and now thanks to it's "all about the benjamins" nonstop.
My 10 yr old daughter and I started our day at 2 a.m. e.d.t. Nothing like jet lag....
Much appreciated! Fatherhood is THE work, I am learning. Wow! Happy Saturday to you both!
Thanks for sharing. I am looking forward to this. Please keep me posted (and have a great time at the meeting)!
Thanksgiving in august with !
thanks Michael “: congratulations!”
Can you bring me DayQuil. James got me sick! See you tonight
baby boy im jus tryna kick it No Cuffin ;)
Donated blood... Now off to work! Happy st. Patty's day!!!!
Get the brand new Meek Mills "I'm Rollin" got a kick to it.
Listening to Not Your Average American its an amazing song :D Need more followers so follow me and ill follow back
Lt they're so hostile toward each other now..
RT : A friend in the UK just started her biz as a Jewelry Designer I am helping her get votes for her 1st comp....
Thanks Jan ... lots going on here! Bill Clinton this morning ... and much more to come ...
Today has been...interesting, to say the least. Very interesting. I'll be writing a #blog post about it tonight, so keep a lookout. Oh boy!
As sure as the spring will follow the winter, prosperity and economic growth will follow recession. - Bo Bennett
If anyone cries that Hart should've bunted with Greinke on deck, you should be punched in the neck.
tks! Have a great day :)
you go girl! have fun at your first work event for the rec!
I figured that
“Active Listening” Is Not Something I Do Unless I Get Paid For It…
successfully wrote a resume, awww yeah
Honestly, who wouldn't love San Diego?
Upgraded the Warehouse by reaching level 10 in the Criminal career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
What's the deal ? Its 2 for 1 drinks, but only if you ask? I just bought two drinks and paid for both. Is there a secret password?
thnx i was confused.
hm, you seem like a Scientific American reader.
Unlucky for the axford. Need this win!
Add to my bucket list: Get elbowed in the head by a guy named World Peace
Thanks for the shout out! We hope you'll be in the LA-area yourself sometime during our six week run :-)
In need of rest
You call it a short temper. I call it a quick reaction to bs.
basketball court got me done off
Part of me can't believe I just watched a documentary on the showbiz pizza robotic band, but most of me CAN believe it.
Intriguing battle shaping for All Blacks halfback
Bilingual: adjective. Able to speak two languages with the facility of a native speaker #comprendres?
Why why why did I decide that a 6:30 flight "wouldn't be too bad." Because I enjoy suffering apparently
Was thrilled to get L.A. Noire but it crashes before I ever get a chance to play. Merry Christmas not
#revenge is getting so good! The actors told me a few weeks ago it's going to get WAY insane
I am so confused:( ..
Watching Mulan while being sick? I'm always up for a good laugh. #I'llTakeIt
then buy one now!
It's shit. And if you "enjoy" watching it, you're shit by proxy.
thanks cousin!
RT : I've been asked what offense I run that has allowed us to be successful. My answer: Read & React.
Just looked it up, and I'm so glad I did—it's like Roman sacrificial turducken!
Check out www.scoresluda.com for free cover passes and other promotional offers. Come find out what makes us the best club in the Chicago.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you call ya lover another persons name O_O
People are saying that will forget about us He said that won't happen so why are people freaking out? Do you thing he's lying?
If you sign up to be friends with me you gotta realize what you're getting yourself into.
The Great Spirit is in all things, he is in the air we breathe. - Lone Man (Isna-la-wica) Teton Sioux
Ack! I can't get The Reeling on Manners by out of my head. "i believe in gentle harmony well how i loathe all this obscenity"
We took a stroll down our road to have a peep! ;-) xx
Pow. RT : People that hate people are the people they hate too.
Cigarroa on S Texas medical school: "This is a house built on rock." Sufficient operating funds needed, either UT or local.
Thanks to the Pearl Brewery for having us at the Pearl Studio for our ADDY Judging!!
ur Way to fake
Trying to go to bed but thinking of something else to tweet <<<< -_-
Auditions went well. I should know something by Thursday.
The most annoying thing to me is being talked down too. In my Jamaican voice. Blood clot, I have as much God given since as you do.
I'm jealous
Rick Santorum just got glittered! "Feel the rainbow! No hate in our state!" #glitterati 4/4!
Happy 4th of July weekend to all of our wonderful followers!!
Checking out shows to go in NYC.
Appreciate it! RT :
this is my song
tks nothing better than watching you coach!
Morning Be-Love's! May your day be blessed!
#MostOfTheTime I put a smile on to hide away all the tears ...
the bears and bucs - really? you giving the tickets away?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. I JUST PEED "He took me to this really pretty garden in the backyard." WTF xD
#phdadvice Re: grant proposals - get experienced people who've received grants & work in range of disciplines to comment on early drafts.
This story is getting out of hand. I just want to say that officially.
Thank you Karen et al.
Trying out and loving it! Thanks for the invite.
is the soundtrack now lodged in your brain?
good morning
We are almost at 1k followers, awesome!
Going to the pool!
RT Thank you social media for fueling my narcissism and then profiting off of it.
“: Show some puppy love with these..." Please just get naked already. Thanks. Signed, Everyone.
My voice is gone. Son of a bitch.
I need some new followers..follow me and I will follow u
Everyone loves you when you got money
These history journals <<<<
I'm really thinking of voting for Coriolanus Snow this November. Better president than either candidate.
This old grandpa creepin me out
thanks, Paul!
not too bad lol.
yes yelling st the TV to keep his eyes on the road
(Let's just hope they don't drop any tools in that amazing chocolate dessert...though I'd still probably dig in...)
I work as a digital marketing coordinator for Kohler downtown. What about you?
#bed #time #bedtime :P bedtime lol
Email Marketing: Are you sending out emails just for the sake of sending them out or do you offer something of value to your customers?
My account supports Baeza, I don't talk about events that are coming up for him . if you want that info, follow & .
Yesterday's #karate reunion reminded me of the bonds only knuckle push-ups can forge. Major hugs for my old friends!
I guess it's better than the other end:-)
I agree! Much better than Tom Jones' cover of Prince's "KISS"!!!!
awesome! :D thank you!
a treat to see this afternoon at , ADORABLE pop-up tea shop in Silverlake. Spice Station/Sunset Blvd. last days!
Big Trouble in Little China.
Congrats on the GMAT. Which business schools are you considering?
yeah it was...they are still a work in progress
Rock on. Help those social sector barriers come toppling down
We look forward to your blogs from CoreNet. We will be at the Orlando Summit in October.
You will cave. *doesrunningmanoutoftheroom*
#natgas THANKS for the heads up! Hpe you are well! R
I am gonna play a tourney Saturday. Depending on what happens, I'm probably taking a break. The bad beats are getting to me.
How the hell did no one catch that?
RT : Mavs charging $5 for tickets to watch Game 6, $5 for parking & concessions will be open. Proceeds go to Mavs Foundation.
At the Orthodontist waiting for Ethan, watching some lady tear a recipe out of a magazine. Thought those mags were for EVERYONE
If anyone is interested in assisting me, is it copacetic to have them email me off list? (2/2)
#Fellas: dont ask for the kiss.. Steal it
but props to having a new phone tomorrow courtesy (would help if i had an iphone to spell that correctly) of fedex!! hoping for 10am.
MartinezNews thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
"That's so gross! There's not even any meat in it. Put bacon on top." -Midwest Cooking
#hungergames I may have gotten a silver balloon
Awesome. Next step, get girlfriend.
After another knee surgery the leg is finally starting to heal!
"Hi, I'm Robert Pattinson. I enjoy ducking paparazzi, sparkling in the sun, a drink or six on occasion, and long walks on the beach with my—
Toy Story 3 was awesome
Now you're my whole life. Now you're my whole day. I just can't believe the way I feel about you. Like a river meets the sea.
Hoping this Syracuse vs Wisconsin game doesn't put me to sleep before the OSU vs UC game
If only my heart had wings to see you so it would relax then return..
yep. But he's staying as gm.
Tonight! Happy hour! We love food. We love drinks. We especially love Buffalo Blues for having us. Hope to see you tonight.
Happy Anniversary! RT : Classing it up for trivia 2night at because the Bill Paxtons have been a team for 1 yr.
Idk why but I'm so proud I can belch like a man hahaha
Today was awesome ;) but the volleyball game had lots of screaming involved which that gave me a total fucking headache :'(
haha its rank
is so sexy;)
It was so great meeting u! I gotta take your cycling class someday... It'll probably kick my butt.
I just wanted to say that I thought it was really cool how everything fell apart in there.
yOU aRE mY QUEEN :)
looking for cool people in the local nightlife industry to feature in our august nightlife issue ... email me your ideas at
great points/analysis; thanks! Hope the Grant & Co are doing well
To my sista needs you to make sure that the speech doesn't die and become words that wither away.
i was jus kidding haha I not really going she's only(;
Life is a foreign language; all men mispronounce it.
When you can't understand what the asian ladies at the nail salon are saying to you so you just nod. -_-
i knew it was great for international calls-I used to use it to comm w/someone in the UK. But 4 someone in the US....hm
but it's all Gucci <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
stupid white chick in a movie slipping on water while the monster is chasing her o.0!
ready for August to be here #vacationtime :)
Good night Entourage and True Blood...good morning Sunny in Philly and Kenny Powers. The party keeps going...
yup, VPC and non-VPC groups can't see each other.
Did you know that black rice was identified as a hot trend in 2012 by nearly 1800 chefs surveyed by the National Restaurant Association?
better than being stuck watching basketball while reading Martin Luther, I should have come home. #normal for us :)
just tweet.
Good-Night <33=
you can't do that
Taste of Life tomorrow evening in our ballroom. Tics may still be available: www.hihaf.org. Come on out for a good cause.
For those of you curious, the Schticky will pick up bone fragments.
u ask me that question everyday lol...soon hopefully
#NowSmoking Little Bill from the Family Series watching the Giants roll @ Signature
The harder thing is getting CSS that works with Explorer … bash is easy by comparison.
RT : Watch the Giants game w/ US!! Lagunitas IPA and Pulled Pork Nachos!
I'm thirsty. Going out for ice and water. Maybe a stop at a public restroom.
Work 12 to 4 come visit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
You're in the 'hood ! Thanks for sharing the great pic of Wrigley Field. Next time we'll have to treat you to a cosmo at Sidetrack!
It's too many niggas in MKE that act like girls I can't deal man the fuck up
To the queen city, I hope you're ready for a Paulson!
For good reason....isn't it enough that Rush Limbaugh is on Armed Forces Radio? #OtherThanHonorable He should be in the brig.
": From now on, I'm gonna be nice.. :))" Unfollow lol just kidding. Good luck with the "nice" stuff
Unless you're packing bite-sized candies. Or labeling boxes with disney princesses instead of rooms. Cinderella=kitchen.
Chedda-> ": Derrick Rose's new Adidas deal will guarantee him $185 million over 13 years...incentives pushes it over $200M."
"You would not believe your eyes if ten million fireflies lit up the world as I fell asleep." ::owl city::fireflies::
it's coo, and ya I deff could have if I din already do my homework :p, i got a #HEAVYSHOW fa u real soon tho...
I am trying to convince my hubs we should adopt a dog to help with overcrowding. Any advice on how to sway him?
Just saw a promo 4 a show with you on #HGTV and it had you as Kris Kardashian! Does Bruce ever get offended?
done hun xo :)
A press release tells me that Jefferson Starship guitarist Craig Chaquico is "a major force on the contemporary jazz landscape."
knowledge is so incredibly sexy....I've tapped into a new chapter of life, loving it!
Have a Good Night and stay warm......I will be drinking a hot cup of green tea and watch this movie a friend dropped off
Most of you are from NYC. What's the name of your favorite bar and where and why tag
WLF Lawyers is now a member of the Glendale Chamber of Commerce!
that's easy and simple "She's my Mom!" nothing else needs be said #MomsHeart!
she doing gud.....she's at her mother's house until Thursday
you all are so inspiring!!! You would make my day if you followed thanks :)
driving through Mississippi ! Thought of you!
Q: How does Ariana calls the moment when she's replying most of her mentions? The Tweet ______. (Fill the blank space.)<U+2661> (2pts for this one)
Can college come please
Gorgeous weather ahead for the weekend here in San Francisco! What will you be doing to enjoy it?
#happyeaster to my friends and family!
Go Red Heart Match allows you to connect one-on-one with women so you can support each other through your experience with heart disease...
and I have to settle for being at the game in New York in two weeks
Girls want a lot of things from one guy. Ironically, guys want one thing from a lot of girls.
I love Emery's. Great selection & AMAZING service. They resize my kids bikes every spring for free!
I have dodged my last Dutch bike for a while. How can I leave Holland?
woow the things i do for you! your welcome haha cant believe your too lazy to set ur own twitter account up!!!!!(;
I can't wait til fro yo/sephora next Wednesday. I'm trying really hard not to give in a go to fro yo without you.
We'll be recording at 2pm central, so if you have any questions, just tweet us. We'll answer them on-air. ;-)
Likewise! Great to finally meet in person and thanks again for the invitation.
hey! bring yo comp next time you come ova. bizsnatch.
#Follow-->>an awesome woman who can help you put the "relate" into relationships !
#Bridesmaids is the funniest movie ever! :)
I know! But they are getting paint thrown on them, I might yell...yeah that works, see you soon, eta? Bring m+m
Great meeting you today ! Don't hesitate to reach out if you need anything while you're in #Colorado! Best of Luck To You!!
Fact: Not all spring water was created equal. Especially not Wawa spring water.
LOL, good. I didn't mean it the wrong way! I meant you went from place to place today ;-)
“: Gordon Hayward is the youngest man alive” was just thinking this exact thing
You've been dating for a day, you aren't in love, shut up.
thank you for the mention. I hope to make my way to SC this fall! I love it there!
the piece really is great, and I'm always surprised about the ways good soc history is forgotten. Kurt Wolff anyone?
Glad my dad has $200,000 worth of tools or I'd never get anything done! I never have the right tools.
"Relax" - Frankie We could all learn something from Frankie.
What do slurs and Mondays have in common? Nobody likes them unless something special happens
no, and probably never will
im sorry, but if someone you know dies they are not in heaven wtf
when do you have a workshop for Encino/Tarzana/Woodland Hills?
good luck on your first day. Hope ya don't get in a fight
We are heading to Westwood near UCLA to do some sampling! Come meet us!
MAYBE IF I TWEET IN ALL CAPS I'LL GET NOTICED ? *HOPEFUL,^_^*
ayayyayayayayayaay now I can nap before work!
and no seat belt...
I sit above the visiting bullpen. You can say 'hi' to your pitchers
It was awful to see Josh go off the field on that stretcher....
We love each other.
If I birthed a child and it resembled Anthony Davis, I'd throw it off a mountain
you're just kind of an expert on everything?
me too. about to slap mine back on after a wet rainy ride in to go home in a nice cross wind. WHEE!
derby county! (:
Cant wait till Sat.. Brad Paisley concert :)
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us
That moment when you dont know what to do or who to talk to.
Did you get iced?!
M83 tickets for confirmed. Can't wait. Nice work
you know it
:) I am trying to catch up on the last several days... took a lil digi-diet...ready to jump back in! BOOM!
So awesome! Are you a new State Officer or finishing up?
Symphony Crack new EP in the works....get ready people!
omw to pick up my babies =) then practice
Holy,Holy~!
Working is such work
That awkward moment when everyone around you is in a relationship and your just sitting there like "I love my dog"
and on tonight... I might actually watch
#MLBRoundtrip w/: 's tweeting from 30,000 ft, so & I'll do the talking: 11pET
thank you guys :')
#soulpancake family+work+smiles+office+twatter
Haven't even opened a browser tab in two days. Never thought I'd meet a guy who'd make me cheat on the internet.
Yes, we are famous paparazzi.
Thanks for the retweet! They are so good!
well come fuck wit us... simple as that
focused on the game
Via StarTrib: "[Protesters] held babies and others umbrellas to protect them from the burning summer sun." I'm an umbrella guy myself.
everyone coming to the Game gets a KFOX / SHARKS pom pom! Because nobody's too tough to be a cheerleader!
#FF If I had the half of driving force it would be enough, follow and check his website
Patents on things like HDMI are not conducive to small scale innovation.
Thank you!
My Facebook's Down, Good Thing I Have Twitter :P
hey I'm following you now ok , I'm waiting on you to follow me babe
thanks for digging the posters. love the work you do.
can please watch this and get it to Austin! Thanks mama mahone(;
I like seeing random really beautiful boys :D
'It's not a job. It's a pleasure." cc:
Lmfao we're inapropriate but he likes it :P
#mattdamon #contagion looks creepy but also looks like it's going rock!
The Foo Fighters have been fighting the "Foo" for about 17 years. I don't think they even know what "Foo" is.
I'm watching Looney Tunes... Gotta love Bugs Bunny.
Tourist on 17th NW: black shorts, white T-shirt, black tasseled loafers, orange-and-green camouflauge cap.
Santa, coma patient, my usual dates...
Wearing my Zetterberg jersey and lo and behold he scores!!!!
I do believe meeting over beers is in order?
Nothing kicks off Pride like a coupla tequila shots at El Zarape. Well, maybe other things do, too, but the tequila was good enough for me.
It's lazy Sunday. I have too much work to get done next week, so I am watching TV and being a lazy today.
War & Pace #bookswithalettermissing - Story about the grueling aspects of marathon running.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The amazing stupidity the internet induces will never cease to amaze me. But hey, what would a violent criminal like myself know.
Do they sell anything else that's a food product, basically?
At some youth group band lock-in. I don't remember why I wanted to go.
Someone commented on my adorable desktop background today! Thanks
Me and Ani need some mommy and me time!
It's a Goldfinger and MXPX day
Everyone keeps asking me if I have extensions in my hair.. This makes me happy
Finishing a 3-week stint on the wards and feel not a day over 97.
Life became instantly lonelier without
Phone dry ...someone Hmu
Focus on education reforms uplifting C's not A's or B's. edu reforms focus on uplifting C's and F's to A's or B's. Will take time.
When my boyfriend falls asleep right in the middle of a conversation << #really??
Naw the owner closed it. Too much bad press.
Upload in t minus
If you want something, go for it!
heard you got suspended, so I came to defend your honor.
When does it stop being partly cloudy and start being partly sunny?
Be sure not to miss YOGA tonight @ 7pm with Josh Plesinger followed by Spinning at 8pm with Melissa Reid from Fox 8 news.......
holy hail!
Damn, another PDX company sold. Mobspot bagel fave Kettleman sold to Noahs, hope they don't start cooking to Noahs crap recipe
Work flow... 12-6 AGAIN I REALLY hope its slow enough for me to get off early , better yet . RAIN dammit !
it had to have been all of those kitty crunches
Just laid my head down for a much needed nap and the neighbor started playing guitar...with amps.
I would say the East is clearer - Heat should take it. Out West the Spurs are killing it and the Lakers could keep it going
3 dead, 1 injured in head-on crash in Wash. County
what?! First time??!! That's my stay-at-home-sick movie, nothing heals like the sound of Lina lamont's voice.
coronado springs :D haha I've never been there!
Happy Birthday, ! This time tomorrow, we'll be partying too hard!
homerun on this AM! Time to go to work!
i am
Please call me ASAP :)
Thanks you! Set Your Goals is one of our favorite bands.
Thank you so much for having us over! Delicious!!
21-year-old entrepreneur says "Twitter is about consumption." Does it make me old to think it's about interaction?
glad #oomf still subtweets me after all this time ..... lol
tell that barber I wanna see.him lol
Those poor guys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Did I hear the #Portal 2 Ending Theme in one of your show endings? =D
saw a push button phone on Mad Men tonight. While available in 63, they were very rare until the 70s.
Oops, we gave the wrong date... Our Open House is September 23
Swearing was invented as a compromise between running away and fighting.'
You are jealous. I just ordered a bison burger from - yum! :)
Too bad sometimes you are seriously not a kind of friend that i always wanted , end up you are betraying us .
Listening to a year-end music countdown show I did on FM Yokohama in 1989. Probably haven't heard it in 10 or 15 years. <U+61D0><U+304B><U+3057><U+3044>!
come to my house and layout! :)
LOL, just don't drop your camera!
I think Yohan Blake would have beaten Bolt by a stride of two going head to head. He went into Beast mode after 50m.
can you ask more questions about technical services, libguide usage, digital library building, OA, and metadata next week?
Why are guys so creepy?
2 way love affair.
. It is obvious that Charlie Angus was following the wrong Twitterers. The people I follow always make my day more interesting.
Thanks for the follow, hope to see you at Girl Power Hour!
Learning everything I can about Apple products and the impact of abortion on the Women's Civil Rights Movement. Unrelated reasons, of course
i got a for christmas! :)
#iplspring what are the limits of aesthetic functionality? features wouldnt be protected if some consumers simply preferred their look
You can drag and drop the order of photos in a gallery. No needing to create abc order filenames.
PLEASE COME TO PHILLY?!?
You might want to check with Kat. She might have it....
Never go to bed angry .Stay awake and plot your revenge...
I'm shocked that it took this long. We've never noticed that everyone on these shows is white.
To all the Washington Caps fans, I sympathize. Sincerely.
I'm wearing a long blonde wig right now so my friend can brush it... the things I do for girls. -.- xD
Oh fuck me-Cosmo is coming out with Cosmo for Guys? The world doesn't have enough guy blogs as it is? Gents does this remotely interest you?
agree that Martin gets lost. Allen does as well. But, for a team that needs S help, where to go? Not a great safety class.
Watching Lilyhammer on Netflix. Good stuff so far.
good! Looking forward to lunch.
thankful witness to a very energetic and productive #ICSC #RECon!
So i have no idea if I'm actually dont with Book 1. So need to tell someone where i'm at and you tell me if i'm done
Dying my older brothers hair... Again :/
what would you want printed on your sheets? Go crazy, I want to know.
Yep! Ping to get your winnings!
Other options that must be tested are the actual game modes
At the movies it's a beautiful day outside go do something!!!
nope clay owns that. Perry will get 53
Follow Me Please #100 :D
Halo 4, Assassin’s Creed 3 Pegged As The Most Anticipated Games For PS3, Xbox 360: Top 5 Other Action Packed Games To ...
I'm eight! This is this oldest I have been in my entire life! ~ 8yr old son
Can't wait to hear everyone talk about Wiz for a week...
i read that as pregnant at first.
Yehawww RT “: Who's running tomorrow? Good Luck all and pack #mix1 in your vans!!”
That awkward moment when you wake up in the middle of the night and that hallway is suddenly the most terrifying thing in the world.
Buckle-Down is now available at Pet Food Express in the SF Bay area. Go check it out!
Starting of flu season.. and unfortunately, I am one of the people getting sick.. :-(
is professing the joys of doing heavy typesetting in Microsoft Word. Under her breath.
#edcocp Yes, networks from multiple sources can be integrated. But UserIDs may not match across systems - entity resolution problem
sometimes clean-out-the-fridge dinners are the best ones!
Tonight welcomes Kreayshawn as she performs her song "Gucci Gucci"
Maybe Louis Farrakhan is actually just some brilliant avant garde performance artist instead of a fount of anti-wisdom (sic).
Content curation seems to be key to saving time
Amazing discussion w/ comm members at the #womentogether #hb56 Women's HR delegation in AL - keep fighting for human rights for all!
its super secret right now but you'll be the first to know:)
Wordpress.com is free and easy to use. A great blog for students to gain experience with.
no problem
feeling like crap!?
9/17/2010 Google and Facebook to Decline in Importance, Experts Say Technorati
Dammit, that was supposed to be a text to
make it really weird and dream about Chaucer's dream visions
The primary question the video raises for me is, Why is Katehi still employed by UCD?
"If I follow you you should feel special" actually I feel like coming to your house and murdering your family because of that bio.
Today was brutal but I made it through. Can't wait to show my mother how much I appreciate her on this special day.
I only go to work on days that don't end in a 'y'. ~ Robert Paul
Hey buddy... RT : Is there somebody dressed as Captain America behind Halak?!
you are a mean ass
I'm manned up. I'm just speaking my mind.
Is it better to have loved and lost...or to never have experienced Picnik in the first place?
Thanks brother. RT Happy Mothers Day Sis
It seems we have a VERY active baby.
Delta are usually okay but sometimes they are horrible at customer service. Some Staff need to be trained in professionalism.
Happy Saturday to all my tweeps #Indy!
Thx 4 the love !! Vibin ur tunes - might come c u play at next Thur 4/26 !! The is GREAT resource !!
CLUB PLAY TOMORROW!!!!
Nice try fooling me but it didn't work because it is April Fools
- doesn't - doesn't know you... me flunk English? That's unpossible!
Our pleasure :) Let us know what you think by writing them a review!
Kirsten, we are following back. Enjoy the summer, it is heating up!
RT": Move bitch, get out da way!"<--'get the fuk bak, guard ur grill...there's sumthin wrong we cant stay still!'
yea punk face you don't call me no more or text me what's good baby girl
Thrilled to learn that some people in authority realize the importance of homeless people getting ID. Very gratifying. Love to all.
plugging your iphone in for an hour and it's basically fully charged >>>
Republicans are calling their small business friends and asked them to stop hiring.
Thanks for all you do!
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again ?
We are thrilled to have you!
omg I used to love the movie Shrek when I was little. :)
Thanks for the invitation! Most fun + adventure this dissertator has seen in a long while.
Thx gorgeous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> “: yes so you know its REAL ;) you get it done girl!! Love it.”
Girls, please use protection this month. U dont wanna be walking around 9 month preggers with a baby about to bust during the Apocalypse.
we couldn't agree more! Love liege waffles!! ;-)
How deep is your Love girl can i fall in it???
come save me omg, I'm at club royale right now. It's terrifying.
On the bus
The world in yo hands
Thank you for my awesome #yoga kit I won for signing up for a trial of GaiamTV! perfect for
Today's Indy Boot Camps Classes are 100% dedicated to Dan Wheldon! What a hell of a Man, Father, Husband and Race Car Driver!!!!!!
Mitt's HUBRIS to name W's top advisers, architects of the worst Foreign Policy & Economic failures in our history. Freakin amazin.
Watching, Dr. No, the very first bond film.
Summer reminds me of my childhood; when ice-cream was my beer.
If Twilight fans are Twi-Hards, Harry Potter fans are Potter heads, what does that make Hunger Games fans ? HUNGARIANS ?
Very productive today. Good work TOPFLIGHT
they're fine lol. Pull me some numbers haha
I am fascinated by the plan and subsequent execution by Sam and the team
Love it RT : First Lady Michelle Obama does burpees, jacks, squats, mountain climbers w/ & on tonight's BL
And you, Sean! « #MayTheFourthBeWithYou»
is making me hear a whole Steve Miller Band song. I hate my life.
tje scream movies are so bad omg
Mammoth 4 / Rochester 4 at the end of the first quarter.
getting my day started looking forward to another weekend lol have a good day!
Night <U+2665>` can't wait for tommorrrrow ;o
Hello Twitter World!
had a few #Fireballs myself tonight.
Cheater! RT Hey north siders watch out for a blue Shelby mustang!! State cop!!!
School of Rock kids downstairs rocking a passable Knights of Cydonia.
Man do I love hockey playoffs
At my boi my dawg Anton Bulter funeral im crying on da inside but my pride wont let it show AB u will be missed bro
What you think of yourself is much more important than what others think of you.
Here we go EE Westlake! : was remodeled while I was on vacation. It looks great! Looking forward to the future!
Any chance #litmine is being recorded?
"take the time to thank people who tweet/blog/write about you" - Danielle Brigida #dcswa prof dev day
Thinking about babygirl. Wondering what she's up to today.
tell you what, some of that Olaf Blanke stuff would be worth a million views on YouTube - good stuff again up
Nice day N da A
Happy St. Patrick's Day! My band Georgia 61 will be playing the Spring Green music festival in Lawrenceville tonight!
what's good bro
i wish he will!:/
My new goal for this week is to learn how to properly use Twitter.
Miss joining! I'll try 2 join next week RT : thanks 4 joining everyone! Would love to have u all back next week
Deer WTF I hate how they know when I'm not looking then sneak up and jump out in front of my car... Jeezz not a good week :(
Hey Salma! Not much going on here! How have you been?
indeed man!!!! Awesome!!!! When u wanna record bro!'
tryna help a brother out?
Along with Marie Antoinette, I'm distant relatives w/ Copernicus, Princess Alice, Prince Philip, & Luke the Evangelist. Thanks !
RT : RT : love your energy #SCIP2012 analytic fitness, do you have it?
haha y not!
please check DMs!
True *sigh RT Reputation precedes Roger always, but that was stupid, senseless and pointless.
My stepdad said he was going to order my Moms mothers day gift for me. & This asshole didn't! So now I have to fucking seach for one!
Morning Jog
I love when decides to "quit" smoking, and I get a free pack of cigarettes. For free.
how is espn comparable to pinterest???
hahaha, oh yes ;D & I hear he's already with another girl. o.o
The idea of sarnecki keeping me out later than I'd like. Is blowing my mind.
hey oscar its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back. =)
- Jeppa Joes will be at Marquette today - 15th & Wells. Come for the best sandwiches you've ever had!
Internet Marketing Guide And Tips | Marketing With It
psht, fuck if i remember where i was...
WHAT IT SAYS: "Do not touch." WHAT I READ: "Touch when nobody is looking."
S/O to my mommy she heard some bad news this morning Lord knows she's a strong woman I never wanna see her cry
"She's a silver lining lone ranger riding through an open space."
Congratulations Wofford Terriers for making the big dance!
A whole shopping cart full of aluminum cans for one hour, but he is very good . )
Thanks! Had a great time presenting this morning.
I think you probably could have. Hope this helps.
Thanks for the RT. I'm glad to hear you enjoyed my latest post. I hope all is well with you, Kevin.
PC, there is no such thing as a Pharmaceuticologist
haha thanks for calling me a bitch, really nice of you.
Stay up to the minute: Pekela Riley is on twitter...
this seems promising: distributing film as an app.
Walking down Hollywood Blvd. with 2 hotties wearing "My Own Fingerprint" shirts = great day!
nice meeting you tonight my dude. Let's make it pop after the new year.
i was in canada today!!! we went on this boat tour that took us into canadian waters
Aw but look at his great spelling!
#Scandal is an amazing TV show. I love Kerry Washington. She's brilliant.
has buy 1 get 1 free appetizers all day plus NY strip steak and crab legs for $14.95.
Good morning Twitters..have a blessed day!!!`
Just ate the best salad at brios!
LOVE that song too! A very special one. Thank you for the tweet!
utter nonsense Ron.
What is indigent defense?
never looked better for Boston this season # Celtic nation
Cum on Rock!!
Now getting up early doesn't really seem so bad
Spending time with my favorite Mom's
Hanging with the B-N-B this Saturday... :D
I have a funny feeling the are gonna leave tonight with a hard earned road victory. Go
We're holding a pep rally for supporters Saturday at 11:30 am at Shiloh Baptist Church (1500 9th St NW)! Join us! Go Blue Team!
It ain't hard girl. Just use yo head.<---No puchline.
RETWEET If you adore
!!! RT : Love_Reign if you don't do nothing else
we are live in san francisco join us now www.iBand.me
what are you waiting for? We hope to see you soon!
Please let today be a good day! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
what's good j...
Pics or it didn't happen. I wanna see chocolate mouse.
Does anyone know where i can get one of those purses with the long strap? i cant find them anywhere!
I did... What do you guys, er uh they... use super glue?
Yay! I saw your (and his) check-in at SeaTac this morning. :) Brunch tomorrow?
Any time u except loosing u can never win..... By kdub the infamous
I have alot of respect for The NY state senator we need this powerful brother in the Peace video
I'll just bring money
Definition of ROGUE as an intransitive verb: To weed out inferior, diseased, or non-typical individuals from a crop plant or a field!
Just won the Hot 44! I'm such a box.
2011 is almost over! What have been your favorite albums of the year, so far?
well i love it so!!!
RT : : #IdeasChat starts at 11am CST! Today's topic #Health & #Wellness Use #IdeasChat to join!
Just finished making a million cookies looking ahead to my daughter's "Tea Party" birthday party - my house smells ridiculously fabulous.
The Brewers play the Mariners in Seattle today with a scheduled start time of 3:30 PM CT.
I need a new job...
lol! Thanks dawg! RT : damn you official like a whistle now partna
1st meeting of ARCHE Sustainability Committee today. Look for collaboration around green purchasing, info sharing, student research, more.
Way to go Duke! We had partial power, now we have none! U can't even fix crap right! #DukeEnergy sucks!
Because they enjoy our pain. Bad CW, bad.
Sent you an email. Looking forward to hearing back from you.
WELP THAT WAS AN EXPERiENCE!
That's why i've begun to listen to her album 19. I don't listen to the radio anyway.
probably only if Sherrod's recovery is taking too long?
well if you loose all your hair you'll be looking like & is going to have a lesbian crush on you!
this isnt me. i'm not supposed to get this upset ever. now my hand's swollen from taking out aggression on the wall
u love turtle
Tonight one advances to next level & wins $1,000. Place your final tweets on who<U+261E><U+261E><U+261E><U+261E> 4 Terri /4 Carla or
Not cooking a holiday meal at my house means there is nothing but chocolate on the 26th
so who else is bored?
give tixs money to bergs.
#whathurtsthemost knowing and/or will never love you cause they love each other
Yes! “: Good luck to all of clients as the #NFLDraft is here!”
it's surreal for all of us.....pujols ab will be worse for cards fans
what's down??
"I'm surrounded by idiots" - Scar from the Lion King
Leathered up. Let's ride.
Happy Birthday
since you can't come to graduation I'm having a lil get together Friday
good question. was critical?
Maybe that is what your surprise is this weekend ;-)
you're
Dreamt I won video game tourney w/ my team, and we were going on stage to accept award, but there was a huge crowd we couldn't get thru...
Great seeing you last night lady! Wasn't #ThinkLikeAMan great? I might have to give them $9.50 more lol
H-Town represented well in SA, both are Teams went 3-0
Suicide-epidemic in New Mexico. Tonight- 7PM: "To Save A Life" FREE screening: Eastern Hills Baptist Church, near Morris & Candelaria.
hey ... are you a fan of Daughtry?
You need to get to a computer and put ur profile picture up on here!!!
I know. Mine is like a Black power manifesto haha
Hahaha got get right get it right get it tight lol your so silly :))RT : Yes Gymnast body!
Chipotle line on Sundays.
Hey Gerald! Hope all is well, man!! Take care -Landon
who will be the goalie? Nick? Or ur goalie
No Braves, Phillies, Red Sox, or Yankees in the postseason. So what's the point of having a postseason?
: Happy Mothers Day to all you beautiful mothers out there. Without out you guys we wouldn't be here.....seriously... htt ...
is telling a great story of playing with #REM on #SNL of having a moment with
its a follow party! everyone is invited!
Resolve to legalize the most harmless, versatile and health-giving plant in 2012!
RT : Love to dance? There's no question that dancing is great for your body but it's an effective way to relieve stress...
so experiences of aura are certainly real, but they are not about objects in themselves. It takes two to feel authenticity?
oh my god i do that too! ^_^
Thanks for the RTs about our Koreatown Tour this Sat!
Just noticed you haven't return followed, so we can't DM. :/
"Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely." William Somerset Maugham
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she found out bout my old boyfriends.....I never told her
6 second rule, fold doesn't matter, eye tracking does now!!!
That woman obviously didnt look at the stats.
“: get the word out to your #PLN: we are collecting fav poetic lines and assoc images
#OccupyOurFoodSupply on #F27 : CREATE healthy food systems. RESIST corporate takeover of our food supply. via
we are on the air groove theory on lowerlevelradio.com
That was just weird. All of it. Of course, it all breaks down into Monty Python references at the end, so it makes sense...
We're like fire and gasoline. I'm no good for you. You're no good for me.
Happy National High 5 Day! Make someones day by giving them a high 5 to show you appreciate all they do.
Lol, yeah. That's what I said.
my boyfriend <3
#Phillies bats coming alive in the 3rd inning. Yeah Boyeeeeee!
Holiday pod preordered. Bring on those holiday games, walt!
That moment when all your food is gone and you wonder where it all went :/
I love to be connected with you!
Ajfkdhdlsh the boyz performance is next week :))))
whoa. Breathe shallowly.
For 3 years I've been telling this company that if they have any scala work to let me know. Latest email: "Have you ever heard of scala?"
Whitney Houston is dead! So sad!
Warm weather hair=go!
When Bad Romance comes on the radio THERE WILL BE an all out Jam session.
Checking out ! Super excited for the opening!
Have you considered giving Jerry Sloan a 10 day coaching contract to help you this round?
darn it...thanks for checking!
I met the black hats in june of 94. They actually stop using the towers 250ft tower when I cam in. too many were getting hurt.
John Quincy Adams He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
How come you never hear "You messed with the wrong Zebra today buddy"
No problemo! Any time.
Are people still using the word "avatar"? What about "users" vs "participants" vs ....?
ur dad truly a guy i respected does he make a suggestion to u if hes stoked about a prospect
I Missy guys <U+E00A>
Looking for a Technical Art Director interested in an awesome opportunity in
What'd I tell you Oriole fans, did I not say we'd be winners this year? Suck it.
#FF our good friend A San Diego based barter and exchange service.
Storming through the party like my name was el niño
it'll be hard to photoshop you in, without having ever seen your photo. but i'll see what i can do.
you know that 16 year old girl ? yeaah, she's uhmm, like how do I put her or that performance into words?
Thanks...Gotta keep on the move! Your first 70.3?
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow Child GPS Trackers can be a peace of mind for you and your family. Know were you children are at all times.
Right after I finish writing next week's crossword!
Happy birthday Toby should be trending. Worldwide.
Gone ..... Tripping and a half I'm on a trip and a half
sorry tommy for spamming c:
what you talking bout LA is in the east coast #lmfao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
“: I haven't heard of you in forever, espero que todo este bien guapaa” haha it's been a while, but we'll talk soon (:
#ff for all the hottest animal gossip!
Just seeing your tweet now. I love wholesome middle grade, and I know lots of kids who do, too!
it was great hanging with you tonight at #UNITED_HS You are anointed to lead. Blessings on you and your wife!
Happiness is external, Joy is a state of mind
fly to Florida and come to Disney with me!
i know how you feel I hate when i do that love ur music please follow
Still looking for something to do tonight? Come paint with us!
One day it will worse than before and you will have no one to thank but yourself
thanks for the chuckles!
Not working till late tomorrow but just got out of work today & have to get up early tomorrow... Hopefully a good day though.
Q6a: There must be education. Motorists are taught roads are for the cars!
yo yo SBK can still suck during the holidays, fair is fair. U SUCK, Orlando turn it off..
oh, lol. Like to put them in a frame & put them on your wall. like with a poster.
Well, how do you know we're not drunk on Guinness over here in America? Oh wait, I'm in a meeting.
yes they r!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I'm not sure yet I'm trying to get a ride from someone after
MAHOMIES! At 5:30pm EST, help the #OhioMahomies out & tweet "Ohio wants Mahone"! We really want to see it! (:
the strip club Haha
Good morning everyone.
GOING TO KINGS ISLAND TOMORROW, HELL TO THE YEAH
her name is Carly. And she is only a few years old :)
U guys better take the "guy that used to coach at the school in the Big10" to task tom. about not speaking abut UK #BBN awaits
Need another visit to Boston so I can see live
The FREE Comedy Intro with Jackie Geary will be held at 10545 Burbank Blvd # 105 North Hollywood, CA 91601 this Thursday at 7pm. Want in?
God Morning World!!!!
RT: 99% OF THE MAGIC IN BRITAIN IS BEING USED BY 1% OF THE POPULATION
Wish I could have been at USC for that! Thanks for tweeting.
#Leo must be inspired by their work otherwise they'll procrastinate until it's due. Stroke their ego & they will deliver their absolute best
Found a dress that I want for this wedding in a few weeks. Probably going to get it and Mary has a $10 coupon I can use.
Kentucky.... Where snow on the grass gets kids out of school early.
thanks to everyone for their support!
oops fail for sending it to myself xD. U have to turn it around somehow since it took an upside down pic of it xD
I wonder If you say that to everybody else.
What a long crazy fun weekend! Snap back to reality...
Haven't been on twitter in a while. Mainly cuz I been out living my life
Confirmed - its sold out...
as Walt would say...we don't need moral victories.....not good enough to just catch up....
Tim Tebow to the Jets!! "What the what!?"
It's a great day to go running where we are! If you plan on taking a jog or running today retweet!
RT : "There are as many realities as there are minds contemplating them." Russell
thanks for the comment on my Great Leadership post!
hey well thanks a lot for telling me cuz I really appreciate that. But for some reason it keeps saying that the page is denied..
Corporations that run the media! Damn Straight! Set standards, you ROCK our next
“It's in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.” Anthony Robbins
I saw...I liked it anyway :)
Argh! Wordpress is failing me when I only have six more minutes left to reply to comments this morning! *shakes fist*
I totally agree!!!!
RT : I feel like the art scene in Milwaukee is gaining incredible momentum, and it's really inspiring to be a part of it!
gracias! :-) I noticed they changed the pic, she's the one in the poofy red dress :-)
doesn't the strong mayor system impede the will of the people's? Example medical cannabis?
"I gotta look up a picture of Franz Ferdinand. I might be a spitting image!"
happy friday..
It seems like it became iPLF
I think most important thing is just to keep at it. Questions > Answers in life
so tired...but that was an awesome game! :) the energy there was fun! congrats # Caps !!
finally FINALLY, went thru all my facebook requests!!! whew!!
...welp there goes Phoenix sleeping through the night! Holy Daywalt creepiness...
I'm in love with a Latina spinner that looks like Snooki , same size too
Who are you to judge what you don't understand?
i am really sad right now :'(
Red Mango then going to sit on my grandmas bench on the boardwalk before work <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
S/0 to slay and papp ..I'm waiting on another bangga from y'all. Bless true niggaz in Texas with dat real hip hop
Happy New Year Twitter friends!
#LAriots The South Central Los Angeles riot/rebellion began twenty years ago today
Men speaking about the right age to stop breastfeeding need to be quiet. This is not something they can know about in this way.
My head is like on a thousand I'm going back 2 sleep
I have no idea where the hell that came from, but Klout thinks I'm influential in unicorns.
retweet this post if you like watching the
Me and the hubby just found our new date night spot. Hello Vallarta's!
Contemplating a #cq5 webapp with no db, just some tags, some stored content and a lot of querybuilder.
retweet if you love ;D (follow us, we auto follow everyone back)
Has anyone seen a gen ed that takls of using digital tools for connection rather than just research or expression?
Calling artists we want you and your skill. Year 2033 following 2 young assassin recruits in the HLM. Character and background development!
Is there a REAL reason Twitter can’t handle more than 140 characters? Or are we just hamsters in a wheel?
Could not live without mine. Is yours powered?
NBA Playoffs
SD journos already aware Romney's in town? I'm out w/a friend who sat near Mitt & co. while watching Hunger Games in Del Mar today.
I wish I wasn't at work rn
Marco Beach Ocean Resort Receives “Best Hotel and Lodging Website” Honor by Web Advertising Assoc.
Special Effects Collection (Adobe After Effects)
lookin for young talented producers? i know a few extremely young and extremely talented ones.
I hate being put on hold
RT I've heard the saying, "Live like you were dying." You are so are you? *love it!*
My life should be a reality show
Thanks to #a4aChallenge sponsor Electronics & Pres. Mary Peavey for joining us at the #BreakfastofChamps!
No, more like 5:00 shadow
Alex better not win! Hes way too flamboyant! Damian or Samual!
ahah. no way am i gonna be able to finish it today. D: but whatevers. it'll still be a video full of hotness. <33
Happy Easter! He is risen!
I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart. cummings, e e
Peyton isn't dumb enough to come to that train wreck.
hit on many Aussies for me, please
The unmistakable beauty of Tigerwood - Unfinished 3/4" x 5" in-stock.
#letsmove I know, right? Such a great video! And thanks for the support!
If i was there, I would help catapult you through your window.
looking fwd to it RT : Tune in on 5/28 at 9/8c for the premiere of HISTORY’s first scripted miniseries, #Hatfields &
I don't think it does any harm to the artist to be lonely as an artist.
Man, I don't feel well... But all I need is a half decent breakfast and I'll be back at it, dirty and reckless.
my baby > goodnight :* <3
WE LOVE HEM:-)
concurred. it can be very discouraging at times & i hate to portray the negative aspects i've experienced to date : /
Running the iPhone Twitter app. Finally.
w/ talks with about what said on #GayMarriage & what the #WhiteHouse thinks.
Which games are goin on now #marchmadness?
So hey who wants to start an Afghanistan withdrawal today? RT to show your support.
tomorrow i'm hoping to meet hank moody.
David Ortiz flails like one of the fat pandas I have roaming the reserve. In other news: Camden Yards serving panda fat fries on club level.
yea Lucas is a beast!
my bad different dmanster.
i feel like one could make a good geocoder by compiling public data (parcel maps, OSM, TIGER, etc)
If you find yourself watching Qubo, it is a clear sign that your night has taken a nasty left turn.
Bone Marrow Drive this Saturday 1pm - 4pm. Come make a difference.
HI I WANT A BOYFRIEND.
thanks for the add
RIP Joe Pa
i can see right through your fake wall.
Their graphic is horrible and they don't sale Benz
You know they're trying to be funny when they start with . . . See what had happened was .
ewwwww lol gross. I looked so nappy. I miss you too:( tonzz
#On Your Grind. You Say Not Really Um 2 Steps ahead of You:/
#IamAStanBecause we all fall down like toy soldiers
Right! But periodically check in and let us know how you're doing.
Good job Jules!
congrats Ali! RT : Excited to be part of the Fitterati team! Thanks so much for voting, everyone!...
If her words spoke any more they'd have to package them in volume form.
Game tomorrow against Scottsburg, hopefully it doesn't rain.
Only someone arrogant enough to trademark his own effing name on twitter would try something like that.
What a beautiful day it's been in #ABQ. Hope everyone got out and enjoyed it.
our problems is girls !? Well there's a million of them ! My grandma jsted died my mom makes me do everything posibble ! My real dad doe ...
My draw something... Well it's burgerkingofthebeach
it's a great day to be at #Fenway! Enjoy :)
what did I miss? What is a frosty!
Had a pretty good band practice today
Want Android App!
Did you get my text? I will be there around 3 if that's okay :)
What is a mom but the sunshine of our days and the north star of our nights. ~Robert Brault
Yeah because she's gonna tell you what's wrong on the spot in front of people ? Think! Lol
N. Sanon shares OIC Broward success stories about job programs, teen pregnancy prevention program and more on
just got on and read this tweet im willing to talk to anyone and everyone cuz im friendly and dont bite ... or do i ;D
female partner canceled on me. Not ideal.
Amen brutha Creed ": You can have a bond with your teammates & not like the same things. But you should hate the same things."
i wanna know more about the job! #Congrats!!!
Best of luck! RT : Big thanks to for publishing our scholarship. Heavily appreciated!
congratulations! I love having my children in the same school as me :)
I love working there cause its soo chill lol
yes, I will.
I may fly off the train platform today. Whoa powerful wind!
I miss him :\
Just think of me as the pages in your diary <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
So you're the reason I had to eat my Starbucks oatmeal with a fork the other day. Well played, sir ... well played.
Just left video shoot. S/o to Video Sick. Move wit us or Move ova
.. we will be looking for suggestions ... :)
but "bad manners" to be specif
when #thursdays are #fridays ;)
How tall are you now? Youre taller then me now:))))) i was taller then you in september when i met you at rj (;
Listen to the world premiere of 2 Chainz and Drake 's first collabo, "No Lie." Produced by Mike Will. Look out for Based
Most tooth loss in people over age 35 is from Periodontal Disease.
your family is a bunch of idiots. Tell them I said so. Don't they see how jazzed you are about the thrill of the chase?
Final Q: wear sunscreen
Good morning DC! Every day is a holiday if you love what you do. New followers & friends? Welcome! Stay engaged here -
Yep! We are having a show at Area 702 Skatepark on March 10th and another one in the making. :)
6 out of 10 consumers feel social media marketing is invasive! I bet they don't feel the same way about PRINT!
Hahahah WHAT ARE YOU DOING!
Try a 5-to-10 second isometric hold at the peak contraction point of each exercise rep. It will leave you feeling like dy-no-mite!
#Elvis...happy birthday to The King
omg. Hell no. That shit was ridiculous. Yes, no accidents. Aghhh
most amazing CLOUD services ever...Silver Lining Cloud Services
thanks so much for the follow! If you or a client needs a new mattress or furniture please let us know!
I going on a date with ! <Shawn>
How is everyone today! I just made myself a actual WEBSITE for my work! Check it out! www.outofdabluecreator.com
YOU SHOULD BE THERE
Hhhhmmmm, what are you doing later? Hahahaha
is your phone broken young lady?
10 mile walk at school today! My feet hurt :)
Please welcome to our production team!
Gotta watch what I'm tweeting now cuz its forwarding to my FB...
Magneto may have the top #mutantability of all
Can't get used to the FETUS profile picture.... a bit too much exposure, dontchyathink?
I'd be a lot warmer and a lot happier with a bellyful of mead...
MT Correction: CLAY Deadline is 11:59 pm [NOT 12:59 pm] Dec. 1. So get your nominees in before midnight Dec. 2.
Stay tuned here all day for announcements and previews & maybe even some photos from the space as it comes together today...27 hours to go!
Wishing all my facebook friends a HAPPY, HEALTHY, New Year, full of PEACE and PROSPERITY!!
go to sleep... or text me =)
LOL! No I am on my way to Turkey to buy 3 new fully automatic Oriental Rug Cleaning Machines for my business.
Excited for Austream! :D
you should do a pic of you in New York Yankee gear
#605campus "we're service providers-not gatekeepers or any other metaphor that makes librarians sound like we're keeping knowledge from ppl"
M yeah. Safe travels!
"Curator" as adjective. As in, "You are so curator right now." Love it.
Just queued up 50 / 50, starring Seth Rogen and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I want to have a threesome with this movie.
#NP- Let's Go - Calvin Harris <3
don't wanna study for my physics test
Come on Wales
You're so tremendously kind about it
Follow back me,is Sexy related to The Office
GOOD NIGHT REBODY BYE
Isn't that one of those "If you can remember the 70s, you weren't there" conundrums?
One in ten families in New Mexico, from birth through adulthood, needs the help that Alta Mira provides.
2/2 RDA coincides with idea to change focus from record to statement, and that will kill central control of data ...
best way to be. :)
Caps tie it up!!! Just under 12 to play
Radio host to : "I hope you can get through the day today without people spitting at you."
This a good game!
the Best part about having a twitter is tweeting the best wwe superstar ever
I GET BACK THE DAY BATMAN GETS OUT
that would have been one of my suggestions. One of our absolute favorites. And it's on Netflix. Yea!
I am not sure a high % of C-level business executives think of learning (formal or informal) for business performance lift
Well, there's Tom Friedman (no relation).
Eff this, i'm going to get my iced coffee and Kirsten Dunst on.
hahaha #ceelogreen "everyone's the same color with the lights off"
him or haley either one, I hate shurmur calling plays so much he fucking sucks!! But spurano wouldn't be bad.
I hate when shit like that happens.
No point in arguing with someone who never thinks they're wrong.. Hm.
Drugs are in every walk of life - doctors, lawyers, preachers, the guy who works for IBM, teenagers on the street, teenagers in school.
the world provided me wth iron monkey bar. I'm using it to build bridge across the small pool
Out on a morning jog! Thank you Jesus for this lovely weather.
Is 30 inch hair to long for a 5ft 4 little me...hm
140 characters isn't enough to explain why and how much i love <3
I Know Who Killed Me it was "Austin Mahone" Him being so hot killed me.
eric and i will be at gala...but we know you'll hold it down at yours.
Needed to make sure they got another cone out there for em all to hit... RT : had to be a phantom yellow.
I'm glad i made it thru these past 2month with erthing I needed 2 accomplish with the motivation from my son,his mother +family
a lot can happen in 2 years
I have to pee but I hate the bathrooms at my school
hilarious. and no I haven't finished it, halfway through.
I saw it! In the first elevator lobby scene with the soldiers, coming in from the left to snatch a soldier.
You can't stop people from adding you to their circles, but you can block them after the fact so they don't see your stuff.
wish I can join you :D
For all those coming in to #Louisville for events, please note: the big orange hand @ the crosswalks = No Walking!!
Hope that smile was for me!
'Bodybuilding is growing as a sport' - Sowetan
#RealFriendsDont Tell You What You Want To Hear, They Tell You What You Need To Hear.
Ugghhh my legs wanna give out on me
Is it "hi, thanks for inviting me to the party" or is it the chili singing "Paradise City" so loud you can't hear anything else"?
Chapter V it is no doubt can't wait to be in his arms again
‘The Masses Against the Moos’
"she's getting a zero for a practice regents i she doesn't show" -Braid
So what's gonna be a good day to come through?
I miss you :( let's have lunch tomorrow ! Me you and
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I need you more than you think
& I like this one (:
Afraid to be misunderstood, to be accused of saying what they didn't mean, because they might be criticized for it
Re: that last re-tweet, "Stop Obsessing Over Stats, Specs, and Upgrades" is helpful advice for any kind of purchase, not just gadgets.
Come enjoy #4SqDayCincy! 6-9pm Free Appetizer Buffet, No Cover, , and Happy Hour Prices
Stargazing: Smith staying at 'Downton Abbey'; Brangelina engaged; tats right - Bellingham Herald
being truthful will lead u to so many things in life...
I enjoyd giving advice anything else? Direct message or tweet me
Catching someone who acts like your friend, talking shit behind your back is the greatest thing in the world.
Hey Thanks a million for the RT
at least you're original at rudely correcting ppl just seems like a
"The other day, this is gonna sound bad, but I was like, looking at my poop."-a girl at the bar.
Yep. Would have been funny if all of the sudden you just see a flash from slipping and the camera is pointed at the sky. :)
Do a piece on Allen Craig over the next couple of weeks, sir.
I know.
nah I'm moving to Wisconsin
sounds good
So my bestie just got fired from his job.......this day sucks
Jamming, windows down on 15th and State- where is ?!
If you on the nawf it go down at club tranz.
Ground balls... Slow rollers... Bouncing balls... Fly balls... Can't hit cutoff men... He is 2 for the season w/risp... God he sucks!
I plan on putting down at least 400 bucks on Sarah Jessica Parker winning the Kentucky Derby.... Guaranteed money!!!
At the car dealership, omg so boringg.
#vsa2011 we're quick to jump to the satisfaction of visitors, but what about staff? Great question Posed in Picturing Success
At this particular time I'd like 2 wisha Merry Date of Birth to the future one man Hughes Brother/Scorsese of the next generation !
Great seeing you. Thanks so much for the retweet.
Calculating yardage for draperies, will need well over 65 yds of extra wide fabric for pinch pleats. What do I do? *DYING*
Haha wow that was the worst punt return ever lmao!!!!!
Thanks, SCVB, for hosting the #2DaysInSeattle launch party at the Renaissance. Great turnout from Seattle's hospitality community.
Arraignment today for Michael Robles, accused of strangling his ex-girlfriend and dumping her body in a remote area. 1:30 Dept. 14, Vista.
Marriott downtown all decked out to welcome #Giants! Arriving shortly!
You know it!
Today's townhall meeting will be at The Elbow Room on Pershing! Complentary Rotisserie chickens & quarts of beer for my supporters!
I think the problem we're having here is how to measure "success" in drafting. Your standards seem much higher than mine.
ya. i know. i know people who are so perfect and i don't understand how they can be that way.. :l
#WeWontWorkIf you use my dog as a mop -.-
how are you so attractive, my gosh.
I don't make typos, i make new words.. la duh .
Flying saucer for some beers.
Good! If you vote for him, you have not given up completely. Glad to hear it. I understand the frustration--I feel it too.
Great event
hell yea lol
20 years ago this month I started my first job as a librarian. Happy careeriversary to me.
Got to go see Isabella (: Congrats Taylor & Jordan(:
>: in such an environment, does an all-things-to-all-people "portal" product make sense, or a stable of focused brands?
I don't think you have a choice
Chilling with the bestie!
uses twitter during class.
us too
#clover machine is cool but I don't like how they only brew pike and force you to pay extra for bold now! :( it's the principle
At our #Ward1 town hall meeting, Vince is talking about the long-term value of the District's investments in pre-k.
Thanks! I asked for a trivia win next week for my bday, so we better do it. Also yes, INSANELY beautiful day! Love it.
Watching "The Vow" with my mom. I knew sooner or later she'd con me into watching this
. Keeping your tweets private is an important step to protecting yourself & your privacy online. People actually read this stuff!
lml and she was dead twanging lol
AND I WILL ALWAYS LOOVVE YOU I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU I WILL ALWAYSS Love YOU
When I think back to Elementary school I always begin to think about how my old friends don't even speak to me now.
Great first meeting of the semester!
Is there such a thing as lesson planning software?
I'm sorry ... I dont you to ever represent my country for the rest of your life smh. Lost alot of respect today
Eating pizza
If allergies were a person I'd knock it the eff out!
Lol i know
With and other Heroes at Starbucks for another fundraiser mtg!
I'm a blogger, interning for my mom right now at - I'm in training + starting my own clothing company in 2012.
She was an embarrassment; particularly her "Orwellian stuff" comment. How is giving someone Ensure torture?
#twitter please fix your iPhone app. this is getting annoying.
But but, it's fun to bait anonymous trolls on the intrawebs when they go all snarky on the comments!
I am going back for my bday lol
lose one gain two how u think I gotchu
Otis: I decided to hop out the back of our Element earlier and I scratched up my chin! Mom says I need to be more careful!
pinhead is hangin at the moose
Just heard from Sean Carton at idfive about building a communications ecosystem using all kinds of platforms and media. Great presentation.
is out and about on the Twitterverse tonight!
bring on OT
Such a sick show! Thanks to everyone who came out! Sick locals, so much fun and MURDERDEATHKILL killed it.
Why does SportsCenter only show Colt McCoy's best highlights? He sucks, show his shitty plays!
aww st. patty's day. but you seem very strong willed, I'm sure you'll be great. <3
#ThoughtsDuringSchool this lunch is nasty!!!!!
Do you know any good app developers?
perpetual SES divide following every "advance" in last 50 yrs
Imma talk a b#t;& outta her Vickie's
If I fight Him he will take me to court like he did bobby after he beat his ass there is no reason to han
lights just came back on in Talbott. Finally!
Hash House a Go-Go...totally not what the name implies. False advertising. Bo.
Winding down at Thrive, launching independent firm - all things planning-grants-metrics. Website coming. Email
Jerry springer aint even fun to watch no more ugh
Looking for some soup on this brisk Friday afternoon? Look no further than the B for some scrumptious Maryland Crab Soup!
My pleasure! MT dear friend and most talented and respected photographer ever! Thank you for being there!
BTW 2nd to last message to you was a joke.. me go to bed now. I am on MounTANG time.
#depressingsitcoms Fresh Prince of Balls
My gumbo!!!
Well it is almost 11:47 p.m. And I am good and buzzed. Good night 40th birthday. Thanks to all who helped me celebrate.
Glad you enjoyed the mussels. We love your dumplings and noodles!
Hello 80% humidity!
THANKS MOM!!!!
Judgemental- Judge/mental: Always know where someone's mind is. Don't be foolish, awareness is everything.
I'm no where near u
Damned hotel didn't have FuelTV so I had to go hit a bar to watch beat up let's go Jorge!!!
Should I see "Think Like A Man" or "Hunger Games"?? Help me out here...??
Thank you for the RT!
If you believe in God, you believe he created Gays. So shouldn't every person that He created have equal rights.
Titanic- the movie was bigger than the ship.
Huge #Knicks win!
Thanks - you too!
Thanks so much for sharing 's latest blogs! We really appreciate it :-)
Lauren must know it all: She's a Cal graduate!
I don't need to be a fancy audio technician to be able to hear and FEEL the word "coon" when Zimmerman says it. Miss me with that nonsense.
Happy Monday! Today is National Stress Awareness Day and National Eggs Benedict Day. So reduce stress with a good breakfast!
Saved by the Bell is on now...watching Jessie's Song. I'm so excited, I'm so excited....I'm so...scared.
We had a blast Seriously can't wait until next year! Thanks to all who made it a memorable weekend
I just scored 7,730 in Dog The Bounty Hunter Video Quiz!
Think you guys could play "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !?!? They're such a sick band, and that song is mah club jam
Twitter blackout for my father's funeral
"There's a Richter to your right and a Struth behind. These artists were once young too." -sage advice to other collectors.
Hanging #8 and seeing your profile pics make this an incredible week!
I hear they have good wings there.
Proud of you. :)
RT : Working title for new column: SEO is Hard.
I cried when marley died in marley&me
who is your publisher? how does this help/hurt your career as author? #USC #writers conference
hey I need your services...
I was randomly tested at the airport again this morning. I think you might be on to something,
Thanks so much for the list love! :)
Sometimes , When I close my eyes , I can't see ..
I think it's once a week that someone in my feed declares it Nat'l Margarita Day. Don't get me wrong, I'm totally cool with that.
WOAH! Were ganging up on Christiana why! and I agree it was quite large
If you're trying to text/call me, you cannot. AT&T reports almost all MA users are without service. Also, the say the outage is spreading
I know it will come true!
Happy Kwanza Josh Hamilton Highlights
HOMEWORK + Homework = Saturday. :)
- very cool!
yes he is. I want to tell him to get a thicker black marker too.
"Are you "In" LinkedIn? SEO-ize yourself, join groups your customers care about and listen, use the Answers section!" via
Every day 2,700 people die of heart disease
Good night my peepz
LAUGH LIKE NIALL
i fell like ima get a lot of c's this semester
Up to 15 survey responses. I'm halfway to the minimum responses that I need.
#20factsaboutme 7. I love to dance
thanks for the follow!
I'm glad I don't live anywhere near him, the temptation would be too much
anytime. I have about 2 million pictures of char on my phone.
I'm looking at the pictures again. Is it sad that that's the best part of my night. Ahh the horror.
#ideas2action u demy: ascribes to gates idea that soon all best lectures will be online & free.
Happy Birthday Kobe! August compulsive can do attitude. Helps you rise and fall. River Phoenix and Keith Moon,short but lasting impressions!
The New Jersey Nets are hosting the Chicago Bulls tonight at the Prudential Center. Buy your game tickets now by calling at: 888-493-0004
Thnku 2 everybody that came out to celebrate my bday! 5:30am and I'm just gettin in! I had a ball Shoutout 2. E.v.a. Pro. S/O 2 my bro Kev
Home finally!!! Alyssa and I signed up for the talent show. I believe we are singing Halfway There by Big Time Rush!!! I can't wait!
Love can't survive off of love alone
your always welcome and ya i love your icon :)
lol that's wassup.. U talk to her?
Homeless man just said I looked pretty today... I'm wearing sweatpants #butthsnks<U+263A>
sorry had to go offline, hope 2b back soon. thanks for visiting sweetie (u know who u r!)
is going to be at #smbmad #ford. Are you bringing your students? Some tickets might be around.
ME TOO!!! as soon as i finish working out and change! see you tonight
I'm following Can I get a follow?
What should be the next song we cover? Lets hear some opinions.
I just can't get this coding thing to work!!!! Holy shit! How do you do it ?!
yup so your in 8th grade
It makes me very uncomfortable.
Only made half of my 1000-word goal today. Better than nothing.
Stress that assessment doesn't necessarily kill innovation - depends on how its conducted.
Whoever has my catchers glove, give it back!
Going to be a shitshow today game with
Feeling so alive right now. #ChangedPerson:
Wednesday: scholarships to help students achieve their potential - Leeds Metropolitan University
With the Howard Williams jazz orchestra tonight 7-10, at the garage tonight.
I had to follow just because of her bio. Haha. Thanks for pointing it out.
Bryce Harper is a beast. Throw last night was ridiculous.
Happy Friday!
www,varsityjackets09.com we rock the Burgh one jacket at a time 412 973 8262
Headed to AAC&U's annual meeting about #highered student success in San Fran!
he looks like a 13 year old or a pedafile haha
Oh, you're using opera. I cannot help you. Seriously, I can't.
why do I have a feeling this is going to OT?
did you hit a shot today?
#Visiting from #outoftown during #springbreak? ! Whoever traveled the farthest will win a prize! Just show us your id when you come in!
Could you please endorse our product? It would make life so much easier if you had one to get around with in Berlin!
"Cupid's Got A Gun" - Nicki Minaj
the mere fact you used "spiffy" makes me proud to say you are my daughter.
Hv camera & video so removing those will get noticed ;)
Model Call: Hair model needed for a shoot at Naz Kupelian Salon! Models must be open to new hairstyles and hair colors. DM me! Paid!
what's up with Stevie? Is he just getting old and needs a rest?
Just seeing it.
2012 just started and I've already been Rickrolled!
Going to the movies tomorrow. Then airshow and bonfire Saturday...Meh pretty good weekend.
Hey, it worked! Congrats! (Come visit sometime!)
how much
Take anything of mine away but take my passion they can't not
HEY You guys should follow !! They just made a Twitter and only have 1 follower right now! they're pretty cool too! :)
Today's Word: Grace. Through grace I am made whole.
Where in NWQ is the new Grind located? And what are the hours today?
Time to do some babysitting (:
Try Sea Change by Aimee Friedman.
lmao wow funny
Missing school made my day awesome xD lol.
You're mean, bitch.
So my home girl said she have sex with her man twice a month yet she don't think they relationship in trouble, WOWZERS!!! What y'all think?
under what? Joomla Service?
Agree or disagree,...Everyone needs, desires and should be loved. PERIOD. No one person is better than another. <U+2665> All.
but really to the line, " I'm going to make do much fun of you when you're 18." me and cashier cracked up. High-5 for mom's w/ a dark wit.
Eye contact. Love it.
checking email
PickUpLine: Do you believe in the hereafter? Then you know what I'm here after.
I hope your mom gets better(:
Yeah I think so because I've been having the same issues. Laggy and sometimes monsters just stop moving
Happy Mothers Day!!<U+2764>
We thank each and every one of you for visiting AudioADD.net and spending time with our content. Our readers are amazing!
Spent $9 on the lindsey lohan playboy, though I felt like a perv buying it
Awesome night last night. Best one in a long ass time
If the good die young, what am I still doing here?
now following;)
contact if you want to take an amazing class taught by J. Buck Jabaily.
Catching up on news of the KDE-powered Spark tablet. Will send out good links later. Exciting stuff!
“..our species is young, and curious, and brave. It shows much promise.” ~ Carl Sagan
Happy birthday to the homie enjoy your day.
Valentine's Day is tomorrow my daughter is my Valentine's always Love u Pumkin Mommy's baby
someone come redhill with me tmrw?
On the come up
I hate negative ppl they always got something negative to say
WOW! What a great FF championship game! Congrats Tx A&M on your first FF & first win in school history! Great game ladies!
thanks for the add Sistar.
thinks jason stathom is sexy
Thanks for posting this . I will be submitting for some auditions ,
the txts are delayed
#Quote by Abraham Lincoln: Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Thanks for one heck of a show today. Happy Easter to you & your family. Thank them for sharing you with us today.
# #PeopleNeedToStop sending people fake freebies. Follow us for real free samples today.
Got a solo in Apologize!!:D
There will be snacks.
I hope iam not going 2 be late 4 the bus
game on RT : Ready for baseball? Three weeks from today #Pirates pitchers and catchers report to Bradenton. Let's go Bucs.
HAH! following that logic maybe the atrocious timing of red lights is meant to encourage red light running and more profit!
Avengers was great. 3lb 3D glasses sucked. Get your nose a stunt double if you see it in 3D.
I haven't done it on mine yet
Who do you think you are... I AM!
Wonder what happened at the track meet between shady and liberty
rattle a few off...get me in the car. Lol.
I don't believe that you are the real Bill Murray. Can you prove it?
look-alikes, delirium, dj booth, shots, twin female djs, randomly running into dc peoples, private cars, and losing my voice. typical LA
where did you go to school for photography ?
EVERTHING MUST GO !!! UP TO 65% OFF !!! FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
she can sing, demi can sing. Why can't their be a duet? Does it matter by their reputation if they can do a duet or not?!
God is moving right now on your behalf. What are you doing?
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 88
0 Award for Best Alignment of Sales & Marketing
BUT I DONT FOLLOW YOU RT : I hate both of yall!!
So, Mother's Day is a different kind of bad than Saw 2/3/4, but still bad.
I could see you being a mixture of meg and stewie <3
With McBride & Esperanza in the front ranks, it couldn't B a betta time 4 the bass. Yahoo!
Looking forward to the event tonight.
Woot!! There's AWESOME POWER girl herself LOVE the new avatar!! YOU ROCK! =D
did u try cartoon hand signals?
Thanks, Nina! e-hugs! “: Thank you!!! #thankateacher #teacherappreciationweek”
you're welcome. Glad you came! It was a delicious meal at They know how to make seriously good - and fun - !
Just saw you on NBC Nightly news! Can't wait to see their profile on you
HAPPY EASTER ERRBODY!
What art offers is space - a certain breathing room for the spirit. John Updike
thanks for the dm. tried to reply but need a follow first
Let's do it! It may even be ready before you go on tour. We WOULD have to drink a bunch of bottled beers first though.
Right, with the Roman Empire and their plans to take over the earth. Theme was spot on for your ‘world peace’ statement.
Been a day of fishin' now for some country music HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO Y'ALL! BE SAFE YEEFRICKIN'HAW #not drunk
not sure just decided too haha!
nah its cool ^.^ but it was awsome!
i always forget on sundays that a new episode of Khloe & Lamar is on, & it makes me do mad! Hopefully my mom recorded it!<3
I have officially become Joel from Parenthood the TV show.
are you one that wishes death upon me?
I didn't send it to anybody!!
Ahh, makes sense! Thanks.
what did you buy?!
See Wendy Williams Without Makeup in Stunning Makeunder
Excellent! Canons ought to be lovingly lugged.
Well yeah, just push the button. Who couldn't do that?
I have two Matt Wertz CDs. He played at my summer camp like 3 years in a row.
Had dinner at my stepmoms parents house. Super loud here, had to escape and go outside.
And why is he a dillhole??
Happy Holidays! Remember to be safe.
It's Time To Get Ya Shit .. Don't Forget To Close The Door
Help yourself & others create wealth by helping people save money by shopping online. Simple. Easy. Beautiful! www.marketamerica.com/lasko
Not sure how I feel about the NYT's headline for article on Ferriero: "Collector in Chief Hoards Nation’s Irreplaceable Stuff" (1/2)
Obviously I do. Lol
Thanks for the shout-out to Beezow!
Not going to Owens Party?
So... Did you read it?? #FromTheMixedUpFiles Hope your travels are amazing!
Yay :) Kennedy did really good at the drill meet!
Enjoying a lunch break with Nathaniel Philbrick's "Why Read Moby Dick?"
Thanks for The Retweets!
I love you too! Thank you so so much.
TREES going up in smoke all over the Nation.
...good morning family* -Distractions can and will be seductive, and they also make it very easy to procrastinate* (But merely filling you…
Many words can describe this #Knicks season. I'd say the one that sums it up best is "bizarre."
SICK.. this is such a bummer. Should be an interesting night at work.
STARBUCKS HAPPY HOUR TODAY!!!! #COFFEE!!!
Maybe you should take a nap.
it's more calm and the water is nicer
Good morning! I am healing!
"No big deal" #ConversationFail choose your words wisely
S/o too them pretty bytChez :D
RIP Dick Clark. Ball dropping will never be the same.
i'm mad now i want to fight
New Orleans, LA - need females for photoshoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 300 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
music is whats up
To my right is pissed off white trash redneck conservative, and to my left is aging hippie liberal douche.
or i must be daydreaming because girl your like a dream come true. ;)
Can food drive all day! Put your canned goods out for your carriers to collect today please and thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Be as you wish to seem. -Socrates
It's not like you care .
Okay, got a nice list. Give me a day or so, it's Oscar time! Thanks everyone.
"We experience moments absolutely free from worry. These brief respites are called panic." -Aphorist Cullen Hightower
WAR Scarecrow!! RT : ONLY #100 FOLLOWERS TO GO BEFORE I GIVE MY WALKOUT SHIRT FROM ON FOX TO A RANDOM FOLLOWER!!!
Motivational seminar motivating backups on I 5 & Barbur this AM
Totally want an underwater housing to shoot with!!! AH >:D
I feel so weak around you. I can't help but text you. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
anyone wanna do some collab parts for me? please. so i can upload the mega-multifandom collab this weekend! (:
I never change this is Tigg every day :P
M... Doesn't caramel drizzle make everything better? Having a bad day? Caramel drizzle!
so prob no Black & Mild smoking in the bathroom either then eh?
I'm good, freezing at the moment. lol What are you up to?
Pay Per View? RT : Oh. But going to the movies would mean getting out of bed.
Orange juice fye
Wish I could be there. Client meetings want me here in DC. Have fun!
Just spent a hundred dollars on tiger stuffed animals. I'm so happy.
Great meeting with potential new biz partner today. Things are moving fast..its about time.
your eyes are pretty lol
Any thoughts on how to avoid having DFLL break a Feedburner RSS feed, which seems to choke in characters at <title type="html">?
follow me please <3
Pensoft plans to Launch Biodiversity Data Journal.
Yum!!!! Hope you guys are having fun :)
Ah, I see, so your presence was meant to imply that the event was green... I think I would have what you did.
So when & throwing that pool party :) #Bowwownation #TeamBreezy let me know
Kids choice awards are tonight yeah buddy
I suppose, and that's why they suck.
ooopsie tell rasheeda I said happy birthday
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Kobe is excellent but no mj. MJ doesn't get behind by 30 in the playoffs to a team no stars, flu or no flu.
Congratulations to you on being one of the Top 10 winners of the PARMA Competition!
12 more days until Incubus at the Riverside. Stoked!
Not everyone can be a "Barbie"....some ppl should identify themselves as "Rag Dolls"!! #Random thought
hi I was just wondering if the conference call numbers are local or long-distance or toll-free? thanks
V-Mart
Great way to support our locals! RT : just read about Cash Mobs in Inc magazine last week. What a great concept.
it's cause y'all are the cosmetic queens, no one has y'alls skill lol <U+263A>
aw, sorry to hear that. I lost my cat to cancer about a year and a half ago - that was really rough.
hmm that doesn't sound good! :/
Gruden's QB Camp on ESPN is a little bit too inside baseball - even for me.
your welcome.. : )
Keeping your job 101: learn to let go of your passion for beautiful websites and web standards, and just do what the client wants. :-/
- Thanks Meg! I hope your advisor liked them too.
Check the website for upcoming events. LIKE us on Facebook!
Working on my SXSW Interactive schedule...one of my favorite weeks of the year.
Do you want to check out the studio Wed.?
A race against the sunset for Richard Jackson's Accidents in Abstract Painting flight...suspense, art, performance
Damn it! I needed gas a drove right by Sam's club
Mrs Peel and Steed will always be the #1 Avengers in my heart.
#DontThinkJustBecause u famous you aint human
hahahhahahhahahahahahahahahaha that tweet just killed me
IDK how we have marble beer on tap. That is the only good thing about our Hotel
RT : There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
Tried to brush my teeth with my left hand. Felt mentally handicapped.
The first condoms in the U.S. were made from vulcanized rubber in the 1870s.
Melanie Fiona's new cd is awesome…and she's a total babe too
Some guy just sat down at my table at this restutant. Is this the MOST awkward feeling? There's a good chance of it.
my only thought is obv people in MO MN & CO have zero knowledge of political history. Do they wonder why Santorum got voted out of office?
Man it amazes me of how much of a nerd I can be.
And/Or #BabyZent ? <-- bringning this one back
Great way to meet people or come out of your shell - VOLUNTEER at the sign in table at #BASHH! Who's up for it!? :) cc
There's a brother at UofC who is working on this exact issue via a nationwide tuition cap campaign. I can DM his info if interested
Power went out at work. So, we went to Bar Louie. Good times.
the awkward moment when you're missing derby for the first time in 6 years....
no disrespect ! I said that I love his tweets !
Fresh Is A Way Of Life
Thank you! KC is a good friend of mine - we went to college together and she is a theater director in PA now. Thanks so much!
We're off and running at the Monona Grove boys track and field incitational at MG Hight School at John Klement Stadium.
So hungry my stomach is cramping. HURRY GRAMMMMMAAA.
Step 3: Setting up Personal Learning Env. #PLE Found top blogs in Photography (top 100, top 50, etc.); next is newsreader; using bloglines
Is he talkingg about me ?!
i think you will be crispy and delicious.
I know! Agreed to this 1st. Have game center app though
Are tanning beds REALLY bad for you in moderation during the summer? Just curious. Anyone wanna chime in?
Woo-hoo! Passed 2,000 followers over the weekend! Thx to of Humanity Healing International for being our 2,000th follower.
Do! Joel and George Sanders just had conversation about weird name spellings while being chased by police.
Casting call all done. Time to film the trailer
oh no! really? u liked that one? i didn't think it was that funny. step brothers though...classic!
Rogue federal agents feel defied they're going to teach me an 18 year long message that's so out of hand #deathPenalty is on the table
- talking in the #library is ABSOLUTELY encouraged! & can connect u w/ Chicago libs
Had a fantastic time @ the #decaturbookfestival Sad to leave behind the amazing folks I met. But I'm feeling inspired again. DTW here I come
“: I LOVE your DP!” thanks cutie (:
My mom is going to the nato summit. What is that?
Mix crush potato chips with pretzels, peanut butter and dark semi chocolate chips. Enjoy with a cold cola...very good for any sweet tooth!
ALL SHE NEEDS IS CHEESE.
As I listen to Robbie Williams on , I'm reminded of how talented the dude is. Brash and British, his music is rad.
RE: signs in #Lau about #OccupyDC: For the record, if you go to Georgetown there's a large chance you're not "the 99%"
Not sure if Saks was the best fit for this TV show. IJS...
lmao...like I said, we will be very accomplished. Hope men aren't intimidated by our awesomeness haha
you have school tomorroww?
Congrats to Kastaway for a successful album release concert at Beer Co! <3
Do not bother about folks stealing your ideas. If your thoughts are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
On our way to Universal Studios Hollywood! Both of our first times!
+!!_|~ THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I hate when that happens.
": Wrote a good one today. Can't wait to play it for y'all!"> can't wait for this!
“: "For anything that cannot be marketed will inevitably vanish." Nicolas Bourriaud” some days are better than others.
Thank you for your kind message. Scary to put myself out there, but if it makes animals' lives better, it's worth it.
I know <3 he really is a good guy
hot sex & cold wine... she left that nigga hanging like a clothes line...
Reach for the stars so if you fall you'll land on a cloud.
HAPPY 31 BIRTHDAY!!! HOPE U HAVE THE BEST B-DAY EVER!! <3333 :)
Hahahaha“: I was the reporter for the CJ and had fewer followers than , I too would be bitter”
are you 80 yrs old? when are you having dinner?? 4pm? You can meet up with my grandma at the Golden Corral :)
hey there! I'm booking a show 6/3 at Zydeco! or 216-240-7582 for more info :)
dont think my makeup could get anymore dragqueen today
Tip of the day: If you don't want to get a parking ticket then alls you got to do is put your hazards on.
Howdy! Thanks for following! Hope you dig the show!
Anybody have connections to ? Cause I really want to do a video for him
We need to stop complaining about this game, damn it. Last time I checked we were still in it.
Anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone special to catch your heart.
Be consistent with your branding across your social media sites
GAIN 3.1 released today on ! You can now upgrade with iOS 5.0 or higher + bug fixes & on boarding improvements.
Thanks for coming out last night Mr Mayor!
her van has a 301 with a supercharger and 4.10 gears, its pretty boss its almost faster than my mustang cobra!!!
{Want to do something with real objects? Make the physics right - perfect. Now give it to an engineer. Imperfect but realistic.}
Have him hold the asprin between his cheeks?
How now, brown cow? With digestive fluid you say? Along with some hay?
N-Judah hit man at Civic Center. Driver broken up as expected.
Race moved to the 27th, coverage at 7:02, green flag at 7:27 .... coincidence? I think not!!
#whoeverimarry I will stick with for richer or poorer thru sickness and health til death do us part
I think I was just #SUBTWEETED LOL THANKS HIM!
:: I don't care how it "feels" -- it is not Friday yet. Please don't get my hopes up.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand how movies make relationships look so easy
Who's #readyfortheweekend?
Thinkin about the shit I need to do before I leave Wed. Nails, hair, massage, laundry, wax, pack.. Egh! Seems like this list will never end!
THE WORLD IS WITH YOU THE WORLD IS WATCHING
A fabulous mission! So thankful for support like this. “: 72 Days till #newbounce get icy www.icemen.bebold.org.uk #alopecia”
In 98's isn't fc Dallas in first place?
It was amazing, and intense, and powerful. Really makes the everyday bull seem small.
Selfmade Thursdays 10 N.Center St Orange NJ $5 mixed drinks $20 Sangria Pitchers free buffet, crazzyy djphatboy on da set get there early
#messi. Without Iniesta and xavi is just another player ..not the best in the world !
I'm already super stoked from the photos!
More Chris Rock please!
You guys are about to experience a Peaches crowd on steroids. GOOD LUCK!
Best advice on bldg empathy I've seen-chap 9, Buddha's Brain, Hanson & Mendius.
New nickname for Sproles: Happy Feet!
PLEASE TWEET ! she is thinking about committimg suicide :( Please stop her! She LOVES you!
OLS wants to emphasize re-use of data bein generated.
BREAKING: Police/fire at scene of suspicious death Skyline Blvd & W Burnside. Body found *not* in home. Stay tuned
yea I know ! And can we rent cabins?
It kills me that I hurt you this way. I know that I've let you down. I know that you deserve much better. But that doesn't make it easier.
Tickets still available for "Urbanized" tonight at 7pm! Hope to see you here!
One person ruined my day but they guys mae it better hehe
Had the most wonderful nap didn't want to get up but back to work I go..
back at you!
sept... u need to push that date up to a summer month
#Top100Lies I'll do it tomorrow...
Oh crap... RT owner Doug Manchester wants the North County Times, too. voiceofsandiego.org/environment/mu…
Wants to follow me<3 if he does my life will be complete.(:
Hey get to go on a date with me.
I get lots and lots of homework in all subjects! Do you have end of year exams? :)
can not wait till i have my day off on friday
haha, nothing is happening tonight. I can guarantee you that!
It is baseball season and we have great #rockies gear for the
#J14Loves1D #WhatMakesMeBeautiful is the fact that I don't believe in wearing makeup. Beauty comes from your soul <3
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
and support the future of Education and Students in America!
Any body else notice #dondraepers daughter is like 33 now?
": some motherfuckers , get on my damn nerves"lol ..who you tellin
This 2nd period has been nerve-wracking
Matter your Lightsaber size does not, how you use it will.
I dont feel I have too ^-^
Happy #CincoDeMayo Everyone!!!!!!!
anyone know where we can get large amounts of ice cream? The New Years show should have sprinkles and be served in a waffle cone.
To think, i could be fishing right now!
It's too early for this nonsense. Coffee and some sustenance are needed.
Missing Cheetos really bad right about now..lol
Reminder: All Threaded Type tees are only $16, no code needed just shop away! www.ThreadedType.com
Yea fuck the world
Sounds like we had great ladies as moms. Mine was a Tigers' fanatic. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>. Have a great Mother's Day!
thanks hon
Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same. ~Francesca Reigler
I love sleep, but never get it!
Movie night, House of Wax :)
Can't belive were losing!!! We got this Twins
Hello Pollen.. Hitting the 11.2 mark today.. 11.4 tomorrow.. and 11.7 on Friday.. stay indoors or prepared if pollen is the culprit!
free drinks now!!!! 4 beers of your choice. Show bartender. “: Happy birthday to me, ringing 25 in at #duh”
85 south. Hello, old friend.
My neighbors are having a bonfire in their back yard which is cool I guess, BUT MY ROOM SMELLS LIKE FIRE AND I CAN'T BREATHE. SEND HELP.
No better end to a long week than hearing my 5-yr-old girl hum the theme to the Godfather.
he kinda looks hot, right:$?
Those Who Follow ! Issues are Delaying Us From Going LIVE, We Will Do Our Best To Keep You Updated..!
In this sequel, e-book expert Polanka dives even deeper into the world of digital distribution.
hopefully getting paid soon buddy
#RejectedMittRomneySlogans marriage is between a man & a woman, & another woman, & a couple of other women
the news makes me depressed. -_-
Some days I really believe I am brilliant. Today is one of those days. Yesterday was not. If I ever get stuck on one side of this, I'm done.
Loving my family & my man to the max!!!
BO IM NOT ALLOWED TO FOLLOW ANY MORE PEOPLE UNTIL I GET MORE FOLLOWERS!!! THIS SUX
thanks for follow..we'll work together soon
I gotta get in front of a tv STAT!
oh shit....did I miss all the drama?!?! And of course Tim ran out the back door....haha!
DAMN DA WHOLE CLASS FINNA GET IN TROUBLE...LMAO LIKE RIGHT NOW
I really wanna wear my suede shoes...but I feel like that's just asking for it to rain.
Hahahahaha al revés! I do my drumming warm up and then gym workout! How about you lately?
A woman's heart is a deep ocean of secrets, you guys #titanic'd
stop bribing people with your cupcakes
house arrest... ?
Retweet of you're feeling generous. We could always use more followers. Thanks again.
haha hey a way to get richer :D im gonna go watch some seinfeld ill talk to you tomorrow :D goodnight !
I was thinking about getting a ticket to see Once on Broadway over break, but I'm thinking I'll wait until the summer. Maybe July 4th at 2pm
I say you're all just too god damn sensitive.
Why can't all airports be like Tampa? Tampa airport is great. I am in San Diego in a ridiculously long line.
I wish I could be there! Practice tonight. RT : will I see you tonight?
That works :)
The Macon Telegraph, Ga., Ed Grisamore column - Chicago Tribune
Woot Woot! Glad ya like it :D RT I love that Tampico juice especially the red one lol :))
sup u!
Americans consume 34 teaspoons of sugar a day and have the highest obesity rate in the world, coincidence?
Man I bet #Obama is kinda regretting starting tht war over in Afghanistan . . . oh wait HE DIDN'T
And he'd finish it off with "...one score to bring them all and in his music bind them."
Bro Hit me up its Yoosuf
Had the most amazing #GF lunch today!! Mixed greens, tuna salad, flaxseed (used as the fork)! #healthy/happyeating!
's Creative Director, Lisa White, will explain Autumn/Winter 2012-13 Macro Trends at www.roomhomeintelligence.com in London!
FB has started rolling it out to fan pgs. About 1/2 my clients have this feature. Option appears in status updates
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy granny g
how big is the hail?
Hell yeah Harrison! Thanks for checking us out.
Life's too short to be a boring person.
We're so cool (:
In addition to a kind of turtle, a "loggerhead" is a tool used to melt tar or heat liquids. Who knew?
I hate the program River Deep!
And I’m seeing what you need and I’m thinkin’ it’s me
Not really surprised by NC decision. They don't really have a good track record when it comes to civil rights or progress.
Interview went well, now going to help a buddy move and then going to the gun range.
This time tomorrow it will be summer.
hey its my sweet16 birthday 1
yea ur lovely..where u from
Maybe billed in cycles or partial year? Just wondering if it's worth $150/yr (plus device purchase) for my limited usage.
Maybe I'll be back some day after my holiday.
So why did you guys sleep in or wake up super early on this awesome saturday?
Miami Heat is the most hated team in the NBA! Heat didn't even play today! But somehow we still get thrown in the mix cuz the lakers lost!
w00t! Happy #DigitalSisterhood Wed to both of you!
So my tattoo artist just emailed me the outline she drew up for the rest of my sleeve <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> I LOVE IT !! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
we will be in the new house tomorrow! david says its a lot like yours...
too late!
It makes me tear up, too, because I'll be in Chicago, and performing when she plays there at the Vic! :(
Any AP'S of these prints or this was all she wrote?
is writing his #UArts speech. RT: I have no idea what to tell people graduating from college. I must pretend to be wise.
you don't know that ;-)
Kids are chanting ASAP during Exquire's set...
this is what happens when you actually go to bed at a decent time
omg these dms are going to kill me someday I swear -.-
hahahahaha cause they so burnt they get dehidrated.
Ok. If you don't want your paint scratched, I suggest you drive on the lawn.
:The #'s on ths scale mean nothing.Nourish your body. Move from joy.You can just BE the person you want to be. Starting NOW!
good job! Please don't watch next week!
Best Friends Forever is my new jam! Have you seen it yet?
I'm surprised at the way the Vikings and Colts have handled their personnel. A. P. Should not be the only star on offense. Colts come on man
: haha i understand it perfectly.! =P white girls just spray tan.! Lolz & ooh why thank you. ;)
#OneWordThatDescribesHer who is her
Celebrating a birthday with a special friend tonight. Cognac, cigars & chocolate cake! Gonna be a late night as it should be.
At Berlin w/ taking shots!!!!!
Hi, do you practice NLP? And do you like sci fi and fantasy?
been a customer since 04, n now I can't make calls in 3g, data goes out every day at the same time, n ur csr's are horrible n rude!
12 years ago today Britney released her 2nd album "Oops..I Did It Again" and shattered records when it sold 1.347 million copies in 1st week
FOLLOWERS.. Will u please LIKE us on FB? www.Facebook.com/MindMystifyingDesigns We got some GREAT #deals #contests and more :) (PLS RT)
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
I can spend hours upon hours viewing memes.
yes he is , he think he hip
hey ariana! how are you?
Sanders wants to spend taxpayer money on a new Chargers stadium when they're not even popular enough to sell out the first one. Ridiculous.
Need a cocktail already? Stop in for Happy Hour and get 2-for-1 on anything until 7:00!
Something I really like about the new printing system : I can do the actual printing part after the library closes
Off to work I go!
RT : hm lol u need to get it will bless u <<<< on payday fo sho lol
your website sucks.
Only the rule followers follow the rules...and believe me we are in the minority. -Me
assuming that burger's from riverside, and by MI4 you mean sandra & luis's show in lynchburg, then i'm all for patriotism
Happy Birthday
It's never too late to have a happy childhood. - Berkeley Breathed
Just submitted our files for the Wikipedian-in-Residence panel for AAM's Virtual Conference. No going back now!
Damn I 4got I had this CD. This cd will get u action!!! #NP Lessons in Love - Lloyd
this is a woman...apparently Satan had 2 children
should of came over
“: I might not be everything you ever wanted, but I’m always going to be more than you deserve.”
Scored an exit row seat!
Um are you also dying to know what makes Emily scream in her Barbie voice, "I have never been so angry!"
Drinkin like I 4 livers and 10 lungs , addicted to green money and black guns
your welcome handsome :)
Have to find time to sleep more so I won't be so exhausted
Da Sheckals will be releasing a new single in the coming months. It will titled "Bootymeat.".
When and you go bowling and see Johnny and Marshay. Em what did he say when u went to talk?
I still haven't even eaten today haha
Went outside for a half hour at work today and I'm already sunburnt. That's the life of a ginger!.
Who Need Professional Photos Done for an Amature Price
Hi ! Let me know if you have questions. :) cc
Also, genius strategy by Wade saving his energy for crunch time.
Reppin' red, white, and blue with some lunch!
It does help with the darker roasts. Depends on personal preferences. Did you like it?
give me a fake #right I mean give me a brake! split his tail!!!
Cowboys got better today when they released Newman.
I agree, this is not the right song for her...thematically.
Well done by Kevin Costner
something wild in Minnesota lol :)
RT : Suffered a setback lately? Fred Astaire got it right: "Pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and start all over again!"
Ik way too many ppl in my family with cancer & too many friends....I pray for the day that cancer is just a zodiac sign <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
how could she hate ZAYN!? OMFG.
Get up. Stand up. -bob marley
I see the game for what it is. No matter which side of the budget repair bill issue u may be on, this is class warfare at it's finest.
pleased to meet you!
uh oh. good episode? watching it tomorrow.
Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love.
I know, and what about the preview for next week. Can't wait!
oh nvm I just saw the other one! haha I disagree he's awesome!!
Thank you for the follow as well! Have a great week Lubna.
DRAKE WEEK! you excited? <3
#askthestooges Larry Moe and Curly. Any relation to Father Son and Holy Ghost?
Had a dream that Mike Carp hit a 550 foot HR out of Safeco Field, baseball must be around the corner. 18 days till Spring Training!
sappy tweet, cookout with a great group. Love this.
what the fuck? its not sexxi its gay! Just like your sister says. your a faggot
webfaction's been treating us pretty well, but of course it depends on what sort of features you need.
Selection sunday is like christmas to some coaches and to others it's a nightmare. Best of luck to all the teams.
hey thx!! Hope you're well my friend!
Found an awesome new site for organizing my family: www.cozi.com.
At this rate, I'd say it's getting almost inevitable.
Absolutely. The timing sucks!
Yes I am! Soo glad lol
"I KEEL YOU!!!" - Jerky Boys
I'm boreed.
follow me:) I love You.. <U+2665>
do whatever the cool kids at UCLA are doing ;)
See? Found a great profile picture! Ty and blessings
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate u giving me some head when we leave here right
Don't tell I'm doing IT Academy tutorials. Actually learned a lot from the beginner's Word session. Moving on...
What are some simple steps you take each day to support your local Economy? Let's start the conversation today!
Halloween! Love it!!
We are pledging to dig more into the underground music scene...got to do better!
Sure do!
Anytime for a fellow, passionate trainer :) You're in Yuma??? Why did I think you were in Indianapolis? Moved?
You're must be so naive not to know who you're?
Things are starting to get interesting...
“: so far 3 of my friends have shirts lmao they are excited” straight ridiculousness...
Homeowner struggling to make payments? Contact us to learn about all of your options&how a #shortsale can help www.chicagoshortsalegroup.com
“: Blondes only trust a few. #thehairoscope” made me think of you cause were both blondes<3
Ugh im pissed!
Ain't that the truth...
RT : Wall Street calls Zuckerberg immature. What's really immature?: Crashing markets in '08 & not taking responsibility....
So I'm on my break and some ol man just licked his lips at me...
silly silly silly
The Libyan capital does not belong to Benghazi which historically is part of a differtent nation.
the weather is fucked up, first its hot now its cold
I'm ridin around and gettin it
A man bets his wife she cant make him happy & sad at the same time. She said "Your d*ck is bigger than your brothers"
I love when people doubt me,because it makes me try even harder <3
glad you like it dude!
More power than his dad, less than the female wretsler intern. C'moon! RT : And you wonder where Prince gets all that power
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight. Even tho this is a labor of love and it can get tough, i wouldn't change it for the world.
Thanks for coming last night y'all!
love thunder<3
I think liberals are just jealous of the wealthy and are secretly DYING to pay 15% taxes. Well WORK FOR IT, YOU LAZY POORS!
No problem, sweetie. :)
I'm so tired today. I didn't even do anything that required extreme work.
we loved The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel
“: Let's hear it for World Autism Awareness Day #WAAD x”
I'm so tired. Slap happy as fuck.
Ricky's hair
Funniest work email I've gotten ever. Can't believe this guy sent it to the whole company.
#Yankees and #Rays going at it right now. Meanwhile, everyone is panicking over the #RedSox after one game. Fun in the AL East!
I will not look in every burial urn... I will not look in every burial urn.... # skyrim
yeah makes him self stuter
How da fuck we have 5 people in foul trouble going into halftime?
When viewed from a non-mobile device, I should say...
Happy New Year everyone! 2012 will be A Time 2 Love!
This has been an intense round of the Local #ChefChallenge. 1 min left
#thingsiregret that's it. Everything else this year has been a learning curve or a great experience :-)
Hope everyone had a totally awesome Mother's Day Weekend!!
Its crazy what ur lady would do for a pair of lubes
G.M.N.I.: Two weeks. God willing.
Of course - we all are. I wonder why profs don't seem willing to build courses that will engage students on that level.
Y'all have no lives :P
I gave my dog peanut butter.. Lmfao!
So so so bored.... I wanna be back #Home!
got my nails done yesterday [:
get better(:
Its 11:11 so I made a wish...
American Violet.
Rough morning does not bode well for a good day. Oh well at least it's Friday!!
#TheWood my movie, one of my favorite throwbacks!
Help spread the word! Each time someone tweets #beatcancer 2day $.05 will be donated 2 charities & !
Don't forget to take your vitamins :)
My Man Blake! Love the Avi pics bro! That's the best fit 4 Payton! Rock On!
“: Ex-boyfriend's should stay ex-boyfriends...U left for a reason...”yes I agree
Looking at a lot of drawings and paintings on was a major ego boost.
Love getting asked back to speak places. It's the little things....
Updates from last night? NBA, MLB, NHL ?
On the plane with Juliette Lewis...yeah the homicidal maniac from Natural Born Killers. CHYEAH
LOL they do make a damn fine bbq chicken here.
Found a notebook in my bed. Apparently I woke up in the night to write "Novel Writing 2: Back in the Habit."
Zayn looks like a rapist
There are only so many firsts in life esp. w/ kids. How important is that happy hour? Only you can make the choice
It's gonna be hard *pauz but let's get this win.
I think they're actually doing a sequel to Twins with Ahhnold and DeVito!
Me and Steph on the beat thats a scary sight *Chief Keef voice lmao
Awesome video JAJA!!! Y'all keep on doing your thing
Thank you for leading today, Matt. The topic was huge for me this week, and I'm thankful for all you guys.
Are you having a good day?
I've read tons of glowing reviews; can't wait to get it over here.
The last good thing i have left and you had to go. Perfect!
Thank you and for coming by tonight! I look forward to working with you both!
The moment your born you have less time to live your life. It's time to start living your life.
Weird Al is ok when he pokes fun at songs I don't like, but he needs to back up off my favs. :-/
This gives me two correct predictions of who the Ravens would get. Upshaw and Streeter.
Thanks for the follow Jess! Have a good one :)
we don't pop collas we pop colla bones lmao
My bestfriend is not on :(
"The future of the world would be assured if every child was loved." -Dr. Bernie Siegel
RT : Sen. Dorgan | North Dakota will soon become America's 2nd most productive energy state |
head bobbin lyrics of #wutang with the soul groovin instrumentals of #budosband staten island's finest 10 piece funk band?
I can't follow anyone. When is this twitter bug going to be fixed?!
Thank you for joining us where we just enjoyed a gorgeous #Hawaiian sunset and a bottle of
Morning Jim!
Sold my bike today, already hunting for a new one :)
We have a spring break trip!!! To mississippi
that duality and instant availability is best example of social media at its finest.
yeah, B1G gonna b about OhioState & UM again. with Buckeyes being stronger. Urban has that passion again. he is home.
you are a crazy driver! D:
my first real hack!
StarFest 2010 in Denver next weekend!!!! So excited!!!!
love love it, share that yesterday. Best part: "Less marketing douchebaggery" :)
the best of luck to you love :*
Firm in RVA has an immediate need to fill in administrative position and is seeking recent college grads. RT
Playing 2k at crescent by myself
Should've spent night reading. Instead I procrastinated by voting, eating, cleaning, folding laundry, &watching TV. Now must read.
It's awkward having the office kitchen right next to the bathrooms and having to hear women unspool ungodly amounts of TP while I eat.
Rappers talkin bout they CEO's with no type of publishing distribution or budget jokers
Again Bridget blogged onflaming volume
cannot wait until believe. Turn to you was amazing, image a whole album! thank you. Love you .xx
I love lazy Sundays. Happy Easter!
just heard you on Madison radio - welcome to the isthmus. Go badgers!
that's exactly what we gon do
. Thank you Senator for standing up for what are basic human rights, & demanding dignity & honor from our Commonwealth of
I'm good:-) Happy dec.6 Hope all is well:-)
good job, swami!
If they think they can salvage it, then yes, that works, too. RT : can we give it to the Navajo and Apache?
I got your point. I'm just saying that D is still the least of Laker issues. Team needs to continue to improve offensively.
is it ok for a guy who is in a relationship to go out for just drinks with a female friend?..best answer is if I have to ask then its not
ditto me for hockey. do they still have teams in Canada? RT To me, the NBA playoffs exist only on Twitter
If it weren't for UW alumni #smbmad wouldn't have such a great venue. One Woot Woot for Best mascot ever
#workflow been here 3 hrs got 11more hrs to go- Gotta love working in the medical field long hrs.. HUGE pay check .. $$$ make me _ _ _ ;-)
Can't wait until tomorrow, scraps all day.
Why do celebs #tweet how they really feel & then apologize? #Opinions are like buttholes
Is there any city you would rather be in than CHICAGO when it is this nice out?
As hard as it is, sometimes you just need to put on your big girl undies and move on...
Dona Ana Co. Detention Center director: "We’re stacking, packing and racking them to make them all fit."
They do because I keep getting circle follows from non Germanic languages-- ha
Things are slightly more under control. Thanks for the help. Galleries still need to b rearranged. But that can b done on Mon.
yep, just guessing. And you'd need to client-side subtract them from results for a more pure geo search
Will the Governator become the king of illegitimate kids? Has Shawn Kemp been officially dethroned? (props to show horse Travis Henry)
Washing your sheets every week.
i cant believe will is still following this account T_T :P
one of my closest friends is a huge fan as am I do you think you can give her a shout out her name is rebel thank you.
A fabulous group of 20-somethings in #Boston were just sent invitations to a ConnectingCircle to meet new local friends!
Only five days left to take advantage of free shipping!
tfuu is that?
I'm so pissed when I went to the grocery store they didn't have any milk. Fucking Lebron's fault
Thanks for bringing great music to Milwaukee for the last 20 years!
HEY PEOPLE, Being in a relationship is a full-time job. Don't apply if u're not ready & don't give the position to everyone that applies.
positive cash flow in 90 days - he should find lots of proposals that will be able to do that
Lakers bench is almost non-existent.
Graduated today. Threw down a #belt after.
C# question then I'm off to feed the zoo. Can I do a DateTime.ParseExact when I don't have delimiters in my date? ie 4122009 ?
Thanks so much for the follow!
NO ididnt drink alot, just a beer and a shot but the shot was watered down by pepsi THATS ITT
If I'm Ridin passenger seat in your car and some dumb ass wanna act stupid and pisses me off; I'm beapin the horn if you don't.
Work at 2
oh shit, puddle of mudd? MAYBE IM THE ONE, schizophrenic psycho yeuhhhhhh
She's at work bby, she won't reply now.
I know!! It would have been great to see you in person! Next year :)
If you drink more Pomegranate White Tea than I do, you do not exist.
Bless up mi fren, a you name whe yu name an yu name cyaa change!! Yu good man.
... It appears that there may be some decrement in psychomotor skills premenstrually and during the early part of menstruation.
next pay check I'll pick up something nice for you and nee :)
Yes! RT : Congrats to in his unanimous win in ! Thx 2
At this rate, I will be packing for Boston on the way to Midway.
hopefully it will determine whether states rob the taxpayers to fund insanely risky and expensive ventures like video games.
its a line from a Lupe fiasco song
You can take mine, too! RT : Night-walk is my favorite walk.
you are so gross! I burned off 600 calories doing an hour on the eliptical.
It wasn't for lack of trying. I just like how my hair looks better. My hairdresser next month is gonna be like WTF? haha
Don't forget to follow us at Twitter:
When we have to pick partners to work with and everyone picks me<U+E056> i feel cool<U+E32A>
. Yes, please do. Thank you for the news!
#OneDay, we'll all shine, turn Earth n2 a SuperNova, swallow up the sun!! <3
freaking gross
I did friend you I believe, no Clan Ops scheduled yet. the last one we got Silver,Elite had issues so all clans get 500xp anyway.
you can keep insulting me.
Ashley, Tashonda and Stacey have been hard at work making the BoutiQue at BodyTrends South amazing!!! You must go in and see!!
Are they textbooks or just books?!
Hope your tummy gets better soon. waht a pain to have an upset stomach.
You are a one-way mirror.
So much for the #eagles going after Kuechly in the draft.
well i think you just got lucky this time
O: HARSH!!
I don't want your bitch. Oops I mean hoe. Fuck my bad your girlfriend *
i hope she did !! she can get me if she want me !! lol
Worst AB of the season. Ugh
First cousin marriage is legal in #NorthCarolina?! #fail #equality "All it takes for [hate] to triumph is for good men to stay silent."
Met the core of Young London tonight. About 20 teens freaking out over my American accent on the tube. oh, they were on their way to a rave
No matter how strong of a person you are, there's always someone who can make you weak.
Anyone in Miami tonight?
Exhibit opening at Tampa Bay History Center on Sat $5 - Blue & Gray in Tampa Bay: the Civil War on Florida's Gulf Coast
These recipes have a glaring lack of liquid nitrogen, now that I think of it.
its cool my girl has those nights too and I do too lol
went out and got a road bike. Starting Monday I will be starting to go really hard. Hopefully the weather stays good
heard it all before... Lol
How do all locations have an endless supply of dope music?
What are some of your favorite words? "A Word About Words" and her readers share their fav's, what are yours?
I wish I could kiss you again.
The toy can be used in several different ways.
ok, I'll ask the Prepared Foods Team, I know we do carry it at our Fremont, Hollywood, and Laurelhurst locations.
About to go for a run & then to feista tx!
come up here scooter!
Closing the office. Have a good weekend, everyone!
Pencil in Stephon Gilmore as an opening day starter for the
I Grew Up On The Other Side... GETTIN IT INN
Test time bitches
Thanks for your support in stopping the #"Glass Box" on the upper #Terrace All Alumni thank you.
Today's the day all my friends travel the globe and I weep. France, Prague, China, etc. I can't wait another month! :(
I deserve so much better...
and Convey should have a field day with whoever this right back is for LA. Not so good. Getting torched by Nguyen from NE.
re Sarah Phillips...I can't get over that we live in a world where is providing key evidence in the hijacking of
Too soon. I need to let it rest and recuperate for at least 24 hours.
This is some bad sardines.
idunno, errybody been locked out lately D:
The get down
Some people find answers, some people find problems.
Thought for the Day...There is a Difference between a Hair Stylist and a Hair Care Provider.
Oh my that hurt.
thanks Patrick! We sure do appreciate it : )
omfg I have a question
You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women.
i have never wanted to not come back to chicago that badly in my life. california has magical powers.
Just met a lady from Argentino that didn't speak English.. New Fan! I used my awesome foreign language skills, also met a lady from China!
iA Writer does it pretty well via iCloud. Simplenote / Notational Velocity is okay.
I have been communicating with Kent directly and offered to host him back Hopefully he will say Yes!
I like eggs.
(Walks out the airport, feels slight arrest) "...OMG!!...it's COLD!!" (Looks down at sandals on feet) <U+2639>
The Divorce rate is higher that ther Marriage rate that's why many couples keep thier name!!
lol thanks bro thats only 2 out of 20 im gonna use all of them for my tape, do you need any? i still have 55 unused samples
ComedyTV show went off with out a hitch, thanks 2 everyone 4 ur prayers & sa port & especially Byron Allen 4 again reaching out 2 me.
Stacy Robinson w/ --> Rest in Peace bro!!!
Hey! I'm so glad you thought of me! Let's definitely put something on the calendar soon. I'll send you my avails by Friday! :)
TONIGHT - UV Friday & NIGHT LIGHTS with Special Guest DJ's Sinseven, Curtis Dirt, Xavier & Morningstar along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!
Thanks to everyone for the love and support:"Without You" Apache Chief feat. Denny Love on iTunes!!
Common - Blue Skies
Yeah, it's fixed. I thought I had blocked them, but I hadn't. I did now, so it should be good now.
Good is not good where better is expected.
Most people get mad when a social network is having problems,how about getting of your ass & doing something? Theres a world out there lol
Hah if you got a bunny what would you name it
#whodat say they gonna beat them saints? #saintsfootball :) <3
Don't forget to check out the details of the soccer tournament we are having under our events section here on Facebook!
Finished The Hunger Games series at 4 in the morning. It was so good!
1 teenage VoiceOver booking, 1 young mom commercial callback, & 1 Pre-K Shakespeare class means 3 very different wardrobe changes today
Remixed to the point of unrecognizable.
... One critical question using SSD as a cache or storage tier is dependent on endurance/reliability of flash
That moment when you shoot a basketball through the hoop and you feel like a god.
no where near there n happy to say that!!! Lol...
Just had a fascinating talk with a guy from BP about oil spill data preservation - and hes not even here for
hmm, I'm thinking so much for pedicabing tonight, looks like more severe weather... :(
Still going to Corey Hart & Daniel tonight?
this has officially been the longest day ever.
So it is National doughnut day on Saturday, I might have to head to the and celebrate!
Today is mandatory REST day...morning feels so off!
been fabulous. And you? What's new and exciting?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 50
What's going on in the sunshine state? So far this season, only the Jags have won a game. They got the upset over the Texans!
HES NOT PLAYING NOW IT FIGURES THE LINE MOVEMENT! I ALREADY HAVE THEM
I'm in daddy mode.....daddy son weekend kicking off....with hair cuts...then I'm taking my son too the studio later.. LEGACY !!!
dam i really thought about it and your crazy! Not only are you a SEAMONSTER but a ZOMBIE !
opening up the twitter, the FB page, the website... cause the first gig was that HOT! boston will now be Federated forever.
FDMF is off and running..... rumors around the social networks are saying there could be more news to come ;-)
I'm pretty sure this paper is dismantling my synapses, one at a time. WHY IS THIS SO HARD WE ROCKED THAT CLASS.
1 Thessalonians 5:16-18...that's who you are--thanks for keeping it positive!
Would be so nice if my house would clean itself!
Discovered an amazing writer - Mikhail Shishkin.
Where do we know each other from?
I can only imagine!
through refresh. that way, people just follow refresh on twitter, or sub to the mailing list & get the community info that way
ready for to screw up our home playoff games they will be no help and shit the bed not to be negative but they really are bag heads
#myweddingsong One less lonely girl.
Oh no. LOL
obey is like my fave word now
It's funny how often comedy isn't.
Sittin outside waitin for this damn class to start!!!!
Everyday is Halloween in Baltimore
talked to people there and listened to there stories. But damn their lives are bad
I love the way the air feels outside when it is getting ready to storm.
Ditto! Except I've been there, and I love it there. RT : I will go to Vegas with you anytime — never been :)
I just ran into your jefe at #sxsw Haha. He's every where at once!
What kind of restaurant would you open? Ethnic? Fast food? Upscale? What do you like to cook?
Urr welcome! You seem like a pretty cool person... and it definitely shows through your music... (I'm buying them on iTunes). =]
I hate time changes! Its barely 3am vegas time and I'm wide awake :(
I think I can fit that in my schedule
Going nowhere fast we've, reached our climax
F.ck Yeah man. It makes this harder. Difficult? :O xx.
Sometimes I don't feel like being nice.
yea they were made it home now watchin da game go BULLS
what caraway???ha
tell me why my nigga looks JUST like Mac Miller
I feel like something is missing. I wish she would've added some jewelry like a bold cuff or earrings.
Someone sent me some Grape Mad Dog 20/20! That ain't wine, that's swine!
Heading out to provide limousine service to for our event here at noon. Sadly, the Porsche is in the shop ;)
This #newtwitter is going to take some getting used to...
Christens sleeping over (:
First shutout at the new Yankee Stadium
emailed da track lemme knw when u get it n if u fukkin wit it
it was suppose to be in 80's its not just your phone
Shouting out for my favorite JAY Z song,
Watching an old Sesame Street with Grace. Meaning I'm watching a very young Natalie Portman sing to Big Bird about change....
<3 we need more fans like you :)
On behalf of jzinonos, moët tweets :We've got a rare item "Mana crystal" on the way of Adventure. heehaw
your my favorite <U+2764>
I could NEVER have a tarantula for a pet....I have a fear of spiders!
whoa....thats ridiculous. Sorry to hear that happened!
Get rid of the egg. Come on already. If you're going to do this, do it right. No more egg.
Of course, but also delighted! Congrats! “: would you be sad if I told you that we're completely sold out all weekend?”
Give a F*#% who u put in bet not run left towards Briggs!!!!
that is just... no. evict. BE THE B IN APT 23! DO IT.
Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top follow me and help me make my bff's dreams come true.
CONGRATS! RT : I am honored to be recognized as a Microsoft MVP for the sixth consecutive year.
Christian County 27 Warren Central 26 Overtime-- FINAL
idk where to start I mean if u wanna hear
Finally got to see Jaden!!! (: made out in the back of his mom's car while his mom was talking me home haha
that's it. if I hear the word content creation one more time today, i'm gonna pull a double van gogh.
They Give U The Hips Pa La Gozadera(; Lml
Boston Casting seeks baseball players as extras for the film "RIPD" starring Jeff Bridges. Email with photos.
Hey peeps...follow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Now she's having beef stew...
if by _owned_ you mean Cryami is flopping like a fish outta water, yes. Cryami Refs.. NBA Champs.
It is so hot inside my house -.-
It sucks when you're ignored by the one person who's attention means the world to you on my mama
ahahah i lost a follower because of it O.o
I bet everybody's bottoms puckered when it thundered at 6p
Open Letter to The Most Interesting Man In The World: You, Sir, are a snore. Sincerely, The Thin Handsome Smokers.
I never watched Cinderella last night. By the time I remembered it was 11:30 pm.
Are the Panthers a ruby team??
Days like today make me miss my convertible.
#YoMommaSoFat she bleeds cooking oil.
i was thinkn since i gave u my # on fb u never used it u said ud text me and still havent hm really a great friend huh lol
Nothing like hearing reggae and soca on the radio!
Fuck it lm go in all my niggas work places and tell them to tell they bosses to kiss they ass cause they quit...
Sounds like fun!
I'm an old guy..but I've used your music over & over again to reach kids I would've never been able to otherwise! God Bless
Crap. I need to stop tweeting haha
2night on tour
Monday is the best day of the week to stop for moment and give thanks for the beauty of the tulips and the perfect song of the robin.
Well the Cowboys just proved how terrible they are without Romo... Babe Laufenberg just called them the Indianapolis Colts
Orangutans harbor ancient primate Alu
Guys: No Shirt, No Service! Girls: No Shirt, No Charge!
Have you tried clearing cache? A corrupted CSS can cause buttons to vanish; maybe this too?
On that purple stuff!
That's what did it! Thank you for addressing the #ADA from an architect's viewpoint.
you have a "dungeon" that is so cool! do you have a moat also??
well didn't have the exact stat but he was in foul trouble is all I know.
Are you enjoying it so far? I use coupons a lot..but wow.. One time saw a lady in front of me at HEB had so many so went 2 next
Megaphone show - A SUCCESS! Thanks for letting me tell stories about my grandma and high school narcissism!
I know I suck at getting a hold of sometimes but text me 911 next time & I'll come running :)
thanks for the follow back babygirl
done with it IDC .
who's storming the bastille in Milwaukee during frenchyfest?
I'm still waiting for the clouds to part open to the swinging fist of an omniscient music nerd.
Going to have a Salmon burger and fries
It was awesome. Small, but awesome. Close to McPherson. And bedbuggy.
Who do I start this week? Colby Lewis at Cleveland, or Warley at Washington?
what socks did you get?!
I love how I'm learning about foreign affairs and int'l relations in a class no way related to that topic.
Lil Wayne - Prom Queen - 05:41 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Just Like underwear Password should be changed often! :)
I'm assuming they will be mailed to us? Idk, I haven't checked my mail yet today.
Ready for bed.
Hello Dave..Rob in New Orleans..Saints vs Rams this year..who dat? lol
2. to be heard the first time, not having to repeat themselves
There's a reason why I never want children and it's because of all of the kids that come in at Lowe's. I wanna beat the fuck out of them.
I can always turn to him...No Matter What
Sounds like someone is having a craving!
discussing FAQs on #feedisclosure. Model portfolios are more like "guide" and not desig inv alternative unless buying equity unit
Thanks for the follow!
They Can Hear Our
You know it's time to leave your job when you start dreading Monday on....saturday morning.
the weather on the news better turn off at 8PM so glee can come on
Lynn: Dealing with lots of corporations. Intense copyright search needed. Don't want to make folks mad!
. Dana Milbank's piece today argued that by pointing out what he had done for women, Obama himself was actually a woman.
Looking forward to Audra McDonald concert tonight!
“ "Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do." - Dhammapada”
I want to tell you how I am feeling about you .
Anytime after 1:30 is great!
Are you bipolar or know someone who is? Join us for discussion now.
Singing myself to sleep
yea its about the sun drop soda right?
did you just send me to your FB page to post "my story" as an attempt at customer service!?!
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen your mom sees ya at the strippy lmaooo
All anyone wants to do anymore is get fucked up. Gets kinda old.
tryin ta hate on my jokes. When they stop getting retweeted 20 times each one then I'll stop
In our house, I fill them up with wrestling matches. Read more to find out why.
I feel ya! You cant even text in class!
Middle of Mississippi. Long drive ahead of us....and and I both have to doodoo.
I will never fly airtran again. The worse horrible service ever. I implore my friends to do the same. @ Hobby airport!
Not a good day for me
you guys were freshman once too, like just 5 months ago so stop saying shit about us..
true that!
omg that's awesomee!! I am like obsessed with Finland lol i totally want to move there =)
I think I almost got knocked out by a titty.
I feel bad for customers sometimes! But its not the employee's fault either!
i was extra faded i fell asleep on 's text in like all of two minutes lol
maybe they were tired // On the first game of a back-to-back??! This stress is nothing compared to playoffs!
Fat City b*tch. Fat Fat City b*tch. Ten Ten Doughnuts and a Twinkie b*tch. VIP Micky D's No Guest List
Softball practice this friday at 6pm ...... Great *sighs* yea im so excited .... haha not :D
Up before Starbucks opened, but great appearance on 1390 hmong abc radio this morning with President Hines.
great timing for that topic, given today's revelation of the "composite girlfriend"
Think it might be time to go hang out by a lake for a little bit.
Time for sleep: )
watching crouching tiger hidden dragon tonight. it was on sale for $5 at best buy. Very worth it!
goodmorning (: its friday (;
Marathon day of presentations at Mendez HS, 2 down 2 to go! Always looking for new girls to step up and start dreaming of positive futures!
Sometimes I wonder why some of my tweets don't get 1,536 retweets.
who gave u a swirlly...
hey bud, the SiriusXM nation will be praying for you. (yes, it's an actual republic with flag & everything) Seriously, be well!
Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.
FINAL FOUR!
Hearing on HB1450, a bill sponsored by and myself, is set for today at 1pm.
Good one, clever.
I just entered to win a Rebecca Minkoff for bag from RT for your chance to enter!
I better get an invite to one of the games, lol.
that sounds amazing! i cant wait to try it!
Grilling watermelon, caesar salad after purveying farmers market behind swapmeet: Asian, Mexican and Georgia growers share their bounty.
dont judge me.
TRYNA TAKE AWAY A LiFE..???? ((iS YOU GOD MUTHA-FUCKA) !!
Hahahahaha Oops! "2 tattoos, one read no apologies"
Today is goin to be a good day
I love face you are magical you are candy I love baby
Aaron, good to meet you at SMBMAD this week. Let's connect for coffee soon. Would be fun to hear more of your story.
Cool move by the USOC with their new campaign: #RaiseOurFlag – where $12 gets you a stitch in the Opening Ceremonies flag.
Happy Easter<3 sorry its kinda late:( I miss you so much though!
haventtalkdto u in along time
Crystals baby shower :)
I thought cats were supposed to be graceful...one cat slipped into a full bathtub not once but twice and the other just fell into a toilet!
Most Memorable: 1) Norfolk State-Mizzou, 2) Lehigh-Duke, 3) Kentucky-Kansas. That'll be what we remember.
#rolln n I #AM on a xpill $$$ high
Grumble grumble grumble. In an inexplicably wretched mood tonight.
i think this comes down to plain old coercion, u think i can be controlled with sexual promises?
The best is when Rodgers says 'go deep'
Good morning world
If this seems like the career for you, choose being a PS3 game tester to get it going
omg it's so hot outside! *o*
"Girls" cracks me up.
when did you start tweeting?
RT ": i kno i fell like im gonna puke"
And Im trying to smile & act like nothing is wrong, but it's getting harder as time goes on ...
Excited for my meeting today...if anyone has any extra good vibes they'd like to send my way, I'll take them!
ONFG. JUST TWEETED ME. HOLY HHigSRKJfkgkwbfkekvbejskjekeonejei. DEAD.
Is it me, or did it get dark at like noon today?
Lost a follower. Faaakkkkk.
Continuing my anti rant, I'm trying to book conference travel, but their hotline keeps hanging up bc all reps are busy. 5* service!
Just in....the Milwaukee Mustang Cheerleaders are stopping by to party after the game and concert......
customer service hides behind opaque email submission form, no wonder underwhelming customer service
there goes Lamicheal
how many fouls we got to give?
pleasure :) hope to see you!
The Blo hair look that we got was "Sex, hugs and rock & roll"! Loved it!
anyone have a favorite resource they user for developing a business plan?
Dreamt of a SC debate; format was family dinner. Candidates had to carve turkeys. Santorum overperformed. Perry was like surly uncle.
If FOX is hiring new moles, I am very good at pretending to work while really doing other things on the company computer.
Found someone's credit card in the parking lot. W. Lily/FB's help found out she worked across the street!
Yes, filled me in this morning! Madison can be quite small after all. :)
wo-hoo! we're blushing! :) RT : the need for a service like this where you can organise group trips easily
Now that Santorum is out of the race, I regain my position as third-most famous sweatervest enthusiast after Jim Tressel and Doug Funnie.
you got it. Come out and party with us April 6th at the 930 Club Backbar.
At the hotel Calling random rooms & prankcalling people LOL & going up to rooms and saying house keeping !!!!babahaha
Ugh, why is Geography so stupid and hard? D:
i will try third eye again. this is literally my first time ever hearing them.
Fuck I-25 south right now!
Barça 3-1 over AC Milan to make 5th consecutive Champions League final four.
Cup Semifinals tomorrow: vs. & #Samoa vs. #Fiji. Going to be an exciting semifinals tomorrow morning!
Thank you, for helping make the #JessicaSanchez event in Chula Vista such a success!
How cool!
U missed my birthday. Imma get you and I liked that new track, the Badu joint
I wish whoever stole my Xbox never did. Because now I be bored. :/
sabotage yourself like that it makes me really sad :( Anyways #SweetNightmares !*)
Mean attitude for the rest of my day!!
“:LPGA superstar Yani Tseng, at Golf Writers dinner, thanked her coach, but added: "Please don't write a book about me in 6 years
they be clownin on tnt lol
Pam Toth and I made TOP SELLING Team for our Office :) WHOOOHOOOO!!!! I am thrilled -finally some good news!!!
Got to stay focused.
I'm definitely about to step out of character
I waiting to leave Philly airport. Not very exciting and there are way to many "Portlandians" on this flight.
#PickMeEllen RT Guess what fell off a truck in front of my office? A new TV and a Blu-ray player.
Loiter Squad Is Stupid .
So stop with the "egg white" omelets. That's very old school thinking and is actually hurting your ability to think too.
Eminem Flow ~
For all the lady gaga fans we got a new article up! Check it out on our website www.platinumposts.com tthanks for the ssupport
But where would KP fit into the Oxenford batting order? I think he'd have to get a game or two for the 2s under his belt first.
Quizas by Ana Tijoux is a #sometypeofway type of song
If our services are needed please let us know. Regards
Perkins is a game-time decision tonight. Doubt he misses the game.
Alright I just posted my first political post on www.downtownster.com. It's not PC but I think it makes an important point or two.
Finished the edit at 5am... 8am alarm set. Same thing tmrw. It's going to be a long weekend
HOPKINS IS AN ACTOR, BUT WHAT I AM SAYING IS THAT OTHER ACTORS CANNOT SLIP BACK INTO THEIR CORE PERSONALITIES THE WAY ANTHONY CAN. THIS
RT : Im glad im not a Jags fan, i would be very angry ....
school hasn't even started yet.
Tomorrow's cupcakes: Banana caramel, Carrot cake, Vanilla passion fruit, Double Chocolate.
DealShow starts now! Get your auction on... www.dealshow.com
Lil Wayne is one of the ugliest ppl I've ever seen in my life..his hygiene is also a concern of mine.
Trust me! I will
TRAGEDY CALLED TRUTH HAS NOW OBTAINED THERE 6TH MEMBER(the 5th is Arkkade Kults Fro)!!!! IT IS OUR NEW TOUR VAN!!!! It shall be...
your turn
HI SIS I MISS U
We're playing the on January 10th! All support is greatly appreciated! Hit us up for tix!
either cleveland where I live, Colombus or cincinatti the major cities! Haha
I swear i will not mourn when i see you from :'(
For what's its worth The #Bulls even got a non NBA guy like me fired up this year. Get D. Rose healthy for next season!
Thanks for the retweet! Have a great night!
he follows my other account
' Taken as a whole, the Bible is about advancing as humans and as a society and choosing to be closer to the mercy and love of G-d...
when can I see you ? Lol
Quit lying to shield the rich. It is not working anymore.
exactly I be getting low key frustrated sometimes lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
- There's a demo there that might serve Mr. Obama well in his bid for another 4 years.
not enough eye contact these days!
not old fashioned at all. I expect that
Ended up eating dinner in Edina. Divorcees are on the prowl. Oddly reminiscent of the 20-something bar scene. Please save me.
Excited for #Tetleylecture tonight
"beautiful content experiences emerge from predictable usability and predictable interfaces" true.
#imagine You: will you ever love another girl more than me? Austin: yes someday but she will look just like you and will call u mommy <3
Wonderful song. Much better than my attempt at a Rick-Roll.
Lolololol he's CRAZY
NBC continues to get the marquee games on Sunday night.
thanks for following i follow back :) id like to see some of ur writing!
so you live in Michigan?
S/o to for the follow back.(:
Working on Rule of Life for
You Excited for Orlando ? Let rock Florida
congrats chima. *applause*
Shimmy shimmy cocoa pop, shimmy shimmy rock!
grrrrr why does my dad have to kill shit for mee
"Class A" has nothing to do with the tenants who live in the building, it's a financial classification.
Love me while I'm here
But Q drinks and doesn't care that I do so fug it lol
Padvertisement is re-defining tablet advertising... perfect placement,interactive ads,MMS coupons...ROI central...www.padvertisement.com
Visit us tomorrow at the Lake City Pioneer Days! 9:00AM - 5:00PM. We'll have a booth setup with the latest in our conservation efforts.
your task will be picked up the next day.
Now I am watching a movie with Sylvester Stalone from 1981 that I have never heard of. Is this really what my life has been reduced to?
hahha dm me! In oak creek
I'm back:) was having a little trouble with my account but I'm baack!Missed you and <3
Underground tonight!! @ 8 ...last one of the year!! its gonna be awesome!
#DWade looks like a squirrel with nuts in his mouth!!! #Thunder vs
Announced I'm gonna dart that man, kidnap him, make him marry me in Vegas & chain him to my bed. They're jealous he's getting a green card.
RT : 1st reason why N. Carolina should not ban gay marriage: It would be redundant. Marriage is already really gay.
Weirdest thing at the Rose Bowl Flea Market: antique speculums.
it was so gross !
California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an orange
Lol, people probably don't need to know that I reread all the Harry Potters about annually, ha. Nice, book board!
I will totally read a bro's guide to Bergman films. I have an online handle by the name of "Bergmanbro."
you're welcome for the good luck charm haha
we MISSED
- Excellent! Post on my wall on FB (both pages). Very happy for you :)
Say no more. I'm in! RT : Go On = Community + Sports Night + Chanandler Bong
Also i am available for work, so get at me and start takin the steps you need to get your band where you really wanna be.
Sounds great! Send the information across. Thanks David!
Be at the gypsy fest in clifton on saturday, i perform at 3PM. Come see me perform live..
Stalking Page while i wait for my bigmac :P
JUSTIN BIEBER PLEASE FOLLOW ME OR EVEN A TWEET WOULD MAKE MY day! I bet you will NEVER see this :(((((((
how was #SXSW2012??
Twisting tonight at The Hilltop Steak House for Sarah's 60th Birthday Party!
miss you loads and loads! Hugs all around xxoo
I love the spelling/grammar lessons! :)
Sometimes knowing the right thing to do is the hardest to figure out. I wish I could just have a sign showing me the way to go.
Just grabbed Spring Training tix for two games in late March. I love biz trips to Scottsdale!
just dropped off complimentary bagels at the office to say thank you for your business - now that's customer service!
Not fiction, really, but Sharon Sedaris. "I wasn't just born some middle aged woman with a nice purse..."
Follow these artists.
Our tweets this week will be primarily focused on effective communication, an important aspect of any organization.
TONIGHT THE SOUTH IS ON FIRE!
This is goin to be a problem
Sick today, but no time to be sick, so I'm working from my bed when all I want to do is sleep in it.
Yep I'll most likely be there! Where is the show?
Rest of season - who has more upside as a back up QB - Leinert or Skelton (Had Schaub as my #1, now will be Hass)
How did Perez Hilton lose that much weight
doesn't sound like a Cubs fan when you actually win games
I had mine on Friday...
Oh, you found it. :)
Why is it so hard these days 4 Detroit artist to get in the music industry. Talent never left our city.
she's so excited to meet you, she doesn't even know it yet
#US will draw down remainder of military forces in #Afghanistan by 2014.
Good Morning World:)
Let the devil know... I BEEN WITH JESUS!!!
oh dang, that's right. aren't you in highschool already? haha!
- it's like NON-ASTRONAUT ASTRONAUT FOOD!
uhu I see how it is
RT : Spoke with an elderly couple today - married for 55 years.... some of us can't stay together for 55 days.
Today at we're celebrating one year of working with Dude's a coder, philosopher, and a hell of a guy. Also: hilarious.
I have such a fetish for Asian boys.
Just saw Ms. Albanese and Mr. Hjort holding hands and walking at Crocker!
im new to this what does nfb mean ?¿
Ballhead ass! RT any fuck nigga formed against me shall not prosper.
Hopefully in a good way
I have my day all planned out. I know where I'm running away too. Had it planned since Jan. I just have to start saving. :)
It's absolutely gorgeous there. Glad you go to see it! Looking like another great Kauai day! Enjoy the island/resort!
oh, but mah cousin sittin in mah face w/ a 96 pack & a sharpener -_____-
Not a bad Saturday.. Not bad at all.
Remember-the person who trusts in the Lord will be blessed
Elders in Action sees this as wonderful opp to plan for the doubling of Portland's older population by 2035. Active aging is the key.
Great page, huge amount of work going on, congrats! :)
The awkward moment when someone asks what's wrong, and they're the problem .
it's okay I'll see you soon :D “: I hate missing someone this much #mystomachhurts”
says it better than I could have.
MUSIC IS LIFE < 3
The huggability of trees--statistical differences? Small town trees are more huggable.
Danny Trejo has had a huge inspiration on me.He once said if you can leave the drugs anything is possible.Lifes a beautiful thing
My #hotelwifi is streaming MLB.TV just fine! :p
Owh that's bad :s & hehe alright! No I'm having a long weekend so :) & oh alright, I might watch it then! :) xo
Absence is one of the most useful ingredients of family life, and to dose it rightly is an art like any other. ~ Freya Stark
And when you're not feeling special on your special day? Threaten to unfollow anyone who doesn't wish you a happy Bday!! Haha!!
Hope the Heat lose!
Ohh yay - love her! I will be hosting #SNL on feb 11th with musical guest ! I am so excited!
"my stomach is way too smart to throw up steak" sh*# says
We also provide the community with crime prevention seminars, team building seminars, and business risk assessments
Happy birthday to my baby seeester tori!! Love u! Xoxo
THE WORD FOR THE DAY IS FOCUS
I don't like Carmelo Anthony. He just gives off this negative - arrogant vibe.
Whenever one door closes, ....it always smacks me right in the face and knocks me on my butt.
#tcot come join to become TN conservative gov. join us now at www.zachwamp.com
GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS!!! I LOVE NY!! Eli got Brady's #!!!!
Headed to belle glade
Ugh I really don't like hearin complaints about how piano should be my whole life. It's not so get over it. Why don't u play piano huh?
HARVARD SQ: Caramel Apple & Strawberry flavors.
Make it bun dem<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
are you sure you just don't prefer numbers over words?
We've fallen on some hard times!
yeah I go to school too lol. You should come out sometime when I'm playing! :)
thanks for the social marketing advice! Looking forward to working with you in the near future!
Who thought it would be a good idea to get a tattoo on your foot?
So yes he does have to buy you stuff to keep you happy. MATERIALISTIC!
Marisa tomei is my idol for life..MY COUSIN VINNY one of the best movies EVER!!
thank you for following
Nobody can fuck with me, it must be the nun in yah
Oh freshman, how silly you are.
you know what to do, no second chance for her pick it up!!!!!
Blink-182 = Great show!!!!
Fact checking and follow up questions over Twitter: Journalism in the 21st century. :
Tonight's forum is open to all ages and runs from 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM tonight at The Armory!
Reason #689 to like Greg Maddux.
Gorgeous day to be riding my #Kawasaki Ninja! Can't wait for the work day to end so I can ride more!!
you too!
Are you following all the TDL libraries on Twitter?
I had some trouble with FB this morning. Nothing horrible, but enough to notice it was having problems.
Im aware its not a difficult song, but ive never played guitar before!
We all know how great Johnson’s is for baby, but celebrity make-up artist has some great Johnson’s tips for moms.
xoxox Maryland friend
- and others are a huge part of future revenue streams for artists and labels. We're glad to see them standup as well!
Seinfeld is such a great show.
beyond cute :) <3
you sir, are a rebel.
Life in Music City, Planet Earth.
I can't believe how bad it's tanking
Way to go, Scott!
To be a backup? Not likely.
Russell Brand unfollowed Katy Perry on twitter. Everyone, kill yourself.
That was a WEIRD interivew.
what's going on???
**Taking my security-software hat off for a second** I'm curious to see if I can get some dialogue going about your favorite ETF's and/or M…
but am having a hard time find any soldiers to read it.
#pla10 Make sure to visit Ken Scholes. Great writer and great guy.
:D yea
yess it was amazing!
Saying goodbye to my right hand/SID intern but proud he's graduating!
#thingsthatgetmeupset a messy bbq bottle.
Check out my web page with artist bio, all my solo tracks are available for free download www.reverbnation.com/cynical303 Thanks again
Aww! RT : Idfc if I'm grounded or not. I'm GOING to see this weekend.
not. But your last two tweets had errors. Thought I would point that out. And you really can't spell? Dang.
hit me up my ninja everything is up
Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!! @ thekellfactor
is there a blog about graffiti in detroit?
Happy Birthday !!
DC Photo Safari is really great
Don't forget ...remember me? :) --->>> I'm DM'ing you so you have my email address...already on the list.
Enjoyed the chat today! Looking forward to more, whether it's once or twice a month.
aww man that lil girl is something else
So you may have missed all the best parts of the bill :) Thanks for the info and have a good day
I have seen Ana's chair... can verify it even if Twitter will not. :)
sorry I didn't reply last night. My parents took my phone.
Guys, I'm at the gym and I just ate a hand. Not mine.
Rain switching to wintry mix now around Central Ohio. Not much snow expected but watch for slick roads tonight as temps drop!
thanks...have a great weekend!!
You are welcome, and happy tweeting!
Don't get me wrong, now...private group tweets sounds awesome! Thanks for sharing ^_^
don't be a hypocrite. You've been hoping for one of those pictures of Jessica Durrell for weeks.
I want to go home. :(
and I were written up for laughing too loud, forgot this was finals week where all happiness should be gone.
oh my gosh. only 200 more?! this is crazy! you've come so far!(:
Working at Vincentian regency is hands down the most rewarding job I've ever had
Live this way. Have no regrets! The truth is you dont know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, nothing is guaranteed.
The difference in camera quality between my iPod Touch 4 and 's iPhone 4S was obvious. Gotta consider an upgrade.
awesome! See ya soon.
My courtroom experience today felt like the last scene in "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid"
Why am I so crazy about you #youknowwhoyouare(;
#thatawkwardmoment when someone tries to eat a bubble off your head.
haha, you are so silly!!! Lol
I'm a beast with the pen and pad
#respect thank you for your service.
Blah busy night and not feeling so hot. Yay
Ok now I really want to take that African Dance class my friend D has been telling me about. FELA!!! "everybody say Yay Yay!!!"
Paul Pierce again showing he has no class.
The most ridiculous lies, only on
visit www.hgpof.com it has all the hottest gay places in Orlando
I'd like to think he was literally caught in the doors and not actually in the elevator.
I'm gonna throw something in about 2 seconds this is such bull shit!
I just finished a final in less than 30 minutes. Idk if that's a good sign or a sign saying I just want to be done! Booyeah!
#skypeismybestfriend (:<U+2665> add me? katie.nicole.summer.jacobs
I need a Mac laptop. I could be working the whole time
Hi there! Thanks for the mention :)
thaNks, wanna play me in Basketba??? ;)
Had the extreme pleasure of hanging out with/ #Rammstein backstage at Nassau Coliseum in NY this weekend!
I really enjoy Sunday mornings when I'm the only one awake in the house. Well, besides the cats.
imight jus change my bow tie color ... fuck it
neither could I! I'm having a 3am gourmet cheese plate lol!
shit its like this I ain't beautiful and your Tweets don't offend me he likes beautiful women it is what it is ladies
Racist Bitch
sure, it's loads of fun. I played 3 hours last night before my brain shut down.
I miss oomf!
Answer your phone! I'm calling you from my grandmas phone!
Yall need to follow
LET THE PENGUIN REVOLUTION BEGIN!!!
yeah i'm thinking bout leaving. i got a book to read anyway.
happy aniversary baby! iloveyou with all my heart
Gettin that Pacific Northwest sunshine!
happy vday pretties <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
No problem <3
We have expert social media managers that can generate constant visibility for your personal or business endeavors at affordable rates!
“: I'm not a heat fan. I just like Lebron more than I like the bulls.” that's weak....
...waiting to lose power
Stanford vs Illinois St. is on if anybody needs help getting to sleep... the Cardinal student section is doing absolutely, well, nothing.
ahaha yes! House partaayy! Lol <3 thatd be sweet but ya i wanna phone call sometime :)
bad refs will make a run at some point
close ;-) At first, it just looks like I've moved, but there's one item that adds a whole new dimension.
CELEBRATE! RT : BREAKING: OF Ryan Braun has won his appeal challenging his 50-game suspension by the Commissioner's Office.
"I didn’t ask my friend then how much of history would depend on the pebble? ... how much darkness would the light push away?" Kim Nam-Ju
Peace Love And No Nuts survived the #earthquake. The #cookies are safe! Will be at the Long Beach #farmersmarket tomorrow.
Just don't think about falling. lol You're graduating from U of M??
` i guess its good night for now, although i know i`ll be back
THEY JUST SHOT Mi DREAMS ALL THE WAY DOWN... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
hella went M.I.A.
#YoHolla Make sure to follow me if you would like to join the newest social media company and the only one that pays for your content
#DON'TSUPPORT people's nonsense. It makes you look just as stupid as they are...
When there's nothing left to burn you have to set yourself on fire.....
Is banh mi twice in 1 day a bad idea?.....
Going to laugh my add off tonight, seeing live!!!
oh ok
Is that Shia LaBeouf??? Is it??? You are one lucky lady!! :)
God admits buying earth as a fixer-upper.
": Been fuckin niggas bitches all week.... Turn^"<=for me homie u gotta fuck 2 h**s
These games is rigged against the bulls! Just watch the refs!
you knew that I know I've told ya before but hell we've both had a few drinks since then
is it true you are Alex broke up?!:O
The concert is free and outside
i am going lol
Criss Cross around the World! Downloads for from last week: #USA, #UK, #France, #Singapore, #Spain, & #Norway (1of 3)
I'm having probs registering my group.It doesn't show up in the dropdwn box. Help pls! Thx :)
i want some goddamn food in my goddamn motherfucking belly, for fuck's sake, right the fuck now.
Just joined the convo on #eltchat. What is the topic?
Oh, yeah, Red Hulk.
Coin Tost. Broncos Pick Tails and Picks Recive. Broncos is getting the ball first and patriots defending left.
I don't think that you refer to them as junks....but its whatever lolol, and idk, my mom told me.
I appreciate the help Thanks for the help Always looking for a foot in the door to a new opportunity
Brendan Ryan REALLY sucked in hitting
#ThingsIHearEveryday I love you honey
expired Costco card, they don't take credit cards and down graded my membership. Out alive thanks to
(c) of the lucky fans tht were caller 20 at the brown derby in albany. the radio station only told the 20th caller(c)
Pistachios are great! I wonder how much is too much?
Bumper sticker: "keep working, millions on welfare depend on you." seriously.. Wtf. How about keep job searching, stop depending on others.
I really need hours at work, but they kind of frown upon strep throat... Fuck.
#Bucky cruises to victory. Let's go #Marquette!
I love coming into work on a beautiful Saturday, only to leave a voicemail...
I don't smoke or Drink my mommy raised me better than that
All the gentlemen's magazines from this donation are under my desk now, in case you need to see them.
Yes, although only for a month in this instance.
It never ceases to amaze me how children are such good judges of character. :)
appears to be lack of training to me. social media reps are PR front line. didn't even know that caps are yelling? epic fail.
should be doing hw but im at a friends house (who said she'd tutor me) on twitter #ADD :)
MJ wouldve been proud of drew,hes worked his ass off his whole career, so seein someone just relax and sing woudlve made him happy i think
Hi dear i love ur background. God bless you always hun.Can you follw me? its a page for all mj supporters no haters allowed :-)
I hope I get picked to host the Sabra House Party! This is perfect for me being a vegan!
Thinking up weird dance moves + Trampoline combos. Help us out.
“: Suede shoes are a pain in the @$$ to keep clean. Any suggestions?” most dry cleaners can clean suede
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no clue what to do. All I knew is I had to do something other than #Facebook!
Good news! Pittsburgh's quarterly dance, poetry and spoken word showcase #SpeakingOfFebruary4th, this Saturday !
RT i only miss you when i'm breathing
Doesn't appreciate finding that a mediocre server decided to tip herself a little more. Tsk tsk. Glad I've got BofA.
Kitchen and bath updates are hot hot hot in Colorado right now...keeping me busy :)
yay!! thank you! glad you had fun! :D
"I'm sorry I left lipstick marks on the phone." "You didn't leave lip stick marks on the phone." "Oh then It must have been you."
Employer needs to ensure employee has a reasonable opportunity to improve performance,giving enough time, support/assistance, training
successful night at work!
I love living in Miami...but this is the we're talking about. My heart and loyalty remain with my home team.
I'm going to lay in bed all day and listen to music..
Cool pet products!
Those are done my dear, but we got loads of others in XS and S <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>RT : I need to restock the mermaid tee
Finished the last tour and went straight into another event. Starting a 4 month one this weekend!
u shut up wanch
You can only decide how you're going to live
I love it when people think they're so cool just because half their words are slang.
I always assumed everyone became narcoleptic after the first pitch of every baseball game. Who knew! /troll
Woah, look who's on twitter haha
The work Matt is doing is fantastic. What amazing material! Please help spread the word:
uh nah got plans;)
My,Ideas &,Thoughts..
I hate my global teachers sarcasm, it's like 1+1=2 ! no I thought it equaled fish cionna. Wtf.
I love your staff! The volunteer coordinator sent me info about a job posting. That makes me super happy!!
life's too short to even care at all.
haha I hope your friends would at least tell you. I'm just making fun of him.
Just went in the shower with my socks on foook it yolo
Always great to be home in your own bed! Enjoy some good rest! :)
Movie "Don't Be Afraid of the Dark"...girls Teddy Bear has been seen in a lot of creep movies! Almost as evil as a clown doll!
we <3 too... they have killer food, we'd love their support for our advocacy efforts.
I believe its real love RT : save marriage? more like save her show
"I Love Louis" is trending! X :)
how much would he charge to fix mines?
I'm not gunna lie. #avengers looks kindof gay.
Happy birthday!
LOL And you say that while you post a pic with your eyes closed like you're scared :P
You guys really should add at least 1 tour date in the Pacific Northwest. :'( Totally ignored #Seattle!
very. Ugh.... I don't like this. And I just splattered bleach all over my new black workout pants. Shoot me.
So who's wearing flowers in their hair on this beautiful day? :-) (raising hand)
43 points the other day i think yea he old huh lmao and still bustin ass
doing something unusual to an ant
It's snowing here!
Find out how to buy a house with No Down Payment www.community-mortgage.com
because everything about Hugh Hefner is intriguing!!!!
“: DeAndre looks like a gay lion. #americanidol #idol” and that gay lion has my vote.
Just went to Maisy's! Solid Angus Burger! mybmore.­net/­maisys
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy..but here's my number, so call me maybe! ;D
no problem anytime ;)
Now ive got that feeling once again i can't explain you would not understand this is not how I am, I have become comfortably numb.
Great!! I can't complain!! Grindin' n jukin', trackin' n jackin'! Great sprit and energy these days. #turnupseason!! ;-)
Haha, in three hours you'll be so loopy you won't even remember this happened.
oh it was some friend in Utah LOL so no PoohBear you can't jump them haha
nothing suits me like a suit
If you're so concerned about burning bridges you're never going to cross the river.
Less than a week before the opening of my show, Our Lady of 121st Street :)
Seeing it in Atlanta! Come on!
A little Cake on the radio, a little commute on the highway. Many worse ways to burn a morning!
same here:/ I got to 2,000 followers:D
#allgamejobs Looking for Tools #Programmers with C++ and C# for #austin #la and
If You have Never Jumped from one couch to the other to avoid the Lava... then You, My Friend, have Not had a Child Hood.
So is Drake leaving Young Money after his next album or what?
Guess where Alex is doing an interview today....
glad to hear. and i'll see you all in a few weeks ;)
#imhappiestwhen is happy.
It's been almost two years since we released a newsletter. On Monday, that streak will fade.
Awesome day spending time with my dad at the Oaks. Now mentally preparing myself for the Derby infield tomorrow with everyone
Wats good for the weekend kiddos?
introducing scottrade bank
Nice, looks like a great place.
Me: "what are they talking about" "Masturbation with my sister"
"Carry on, love is coming, love is coming to us all"
Living Critics Speak Live -- panel discussion -- Elvis Mitchell, Claudia Puig, Justin Chang, Jeffrey Overstreet.
if i went to school in indy, those would probably be my dream apartments!
I am sorry but if Siri is your friend then you have issues
where are u????
Pick: "In the second round, the Jets take the Almighty Himself." Jets fans: "Bo."
I bought one of those in red a few months ago. Love it!
Currently listening to: MESSER - Whole Again on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
me. Lol bc I have to use lotion every time after a shower and Id rather smell like my perfume instead of lotion AND perfumelol
Deeply, deeply saddened by the hatred I'm seeing on twitter coming from members of the Mary Washington community.
See you tomorrow! I'm also going to today's #YPWeek Luncheon w/ and later today! Great opps
Peter LoVerso, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Seen something I've never seen before in youth soccer scrimmage. Three consecutive shots hit the same post in 10 sec span.
Children who experience #hunger early in life have developmental delays and health problems in life. 1 in 4 US children are food insecure.
Our first winner of 2 VIP tickets for PROJECT Catwalk & Catwalk For A Cause 3D! and Jordin Sparks performance tomorrow is HEATHER DOPSON!
Rugby is so awsome to watch- i just have no idea whats going on lol
got the cam all polished and charged up for you! meet today?
Plymouth Rock landed on Ron Paul.
Everybody been askin 4 the new O.NE...lol #Im3StepsAheadAlready it is #Almost23 Time #TeamS7 Lets get it!
My baby brother is in Omaha with #Mizzou. So proud.
I am sure being the great boyfriend he is you can find time for both.
I want to see you when you come to Denver!
Sometimes just fixing a moment might give you the leverage to tackle the bigger issues that need some work. Going to test this hypothesis...
Where's Marcie when you want her?
makin burgers for me n the kiddies. I so lubba ma babies.
I would appreciate it if you didn't blow up my twitter feed during your 21st, I know it is fun but please control yourself
nomatter thick and in..were always gonna blend
#appdev ppl, need sound for that nice new app/game? Hyper-creative producer here, I want to work with you!
Did you know that June is Nation Candy Month? What is your favorite candy?
Preach! RT Former Senator Alan Simpson calls AARP monsters for refusing to negotiate on social security reform.
when pandora plays zero 7 and you just smile.
“: You this read wrong.”
ok my ipod can smd. hopefully going to the apple store this weekend and getting a new one.
your team sucks get used to it
So much fun-and stuff to buy!
May; my absolutely favorite month of the year...
I hate liars!
- thats burger madness!
How is it possible the #mets have zero no hitters? Ryan, Seaver, Gooden, Cone etc. ugh. One day..
Second hour of the Sports Blast on 1120am WBNW, we are talkin Shaquille O'Neal and his retirement. Get on the show at 888-205-2263!
when I get to my computer I'll change te icon to an actual pic lol - amanda
You go, funny girl! :)
PS ur talents on the keyboard were missed yesterday.
peace and blessings? Fist nicknames? I'm guessing peace is the right fist, because you use that one for the knockout shot.
That awkward moment you realize your ex was never really attractive to begin with.
happy birthday, Herman! Wish you many many more!
Chandler Police Department to buy used cars as test The department is hoping to cut costs with used cars for non-patrol officers.
Is the DUO opensource?
...almost single-handedly be addressing 1 of the most common ...
Bergeron bitten? What is this? A Flyers and Pens game?
nothing much...how have u been?
How much do you think the Leaf will cost?
Anyone have the date for the next meeting? And how about the event date in 2012? I am working on the calendar today! :)
Who's ready to paaaarrtttaaayy for PRIDE????????
i say wht i say and dnt care if u like it r not .. ppl need to stop being so fake
no i wasnt nitra i was speaking in general u kno i dont bash people on the internet
Oh no. So sad. Our condolences. RT : R.I.P. chef Thang Le (1979 - 2012). is.gd/PSg9dk
meh RT : Austin Jackson left the game with a mild abdominal strain, and he's day-to-day.
;( he'll never follow me :( but I love him so much <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Furiosity is on iTunes!!!!!!
Hey if u no longer accept credit at TVM u should tell us. If it's temp, u should tell us.
I haven't actually tried Sublime yet, but it is on the list. I'm still rockin' NP++ like the old-skool sista that I am :)
No doubt - growing up Dominican in Washington Heights, your products have always been a constant in my life.
lovin the new video! Check out these hats: theyre changin lives in Romania. Can we give you a free hat? www.sperantsa.com
I' AM NOT A WHORE JUST BECAUSE I HANG OUT WITH MORE GUYS THAN GIRLS less drama,lies, guys are always there for& you can trust them way more.
"Is he driving a wagon?!....its not even a wagovan!!! #sheesh" lmao oh conor
scotty is amazing....vote for him on american idol......he is so cute and has a amazing voise....VOTE SCOTTY MCREERY
His priorities are badly messed up lol...Next time he tries to initiate be busy doing something you like.. ;)
yeah doe
Have to love Facebook one of my best friends in the world found me 20 years later.
i appreciate all the love foreal yall.. trust me imma ish happen
The defender pushed off--should have been pass interference.
Singn: It could all be so simple But you'd rather make it hard Loving you is like a battle And we both end up with scars
Gracias senor! Technically credit for that goes to Alliance Web Marketing :) I created the new Twitter background though!
Hi, I am in the process of getting my website up and my cd release is March 31st/ How can I check your music out??
you are very welcome. It's not until August and I will be making a shirt to wear and run in! (:
imagine if Chuck Bass got the Green Lantern ring..#AOTS just sayin haha
Good call Matt RT : Try to stay in a bad mood while listening to Paul Simon's "Graceland". Those bass lines will not allow it.
where ya movin to?
This is fantastic weather. What's the worst weather you've ever been caught in?
checking out your podcast. Awesome.
Feeling doesn't stack up...
#How2Tarot Ensure you have a symbology dictionary to hand when studying #Tarot. Cirlot is a classic or Ann Faradays books on Dreams.
Just had blood taken & decided to treat myself to a scone from . Totally worth it. Must be if I'm tweeting about a scone.
Laundrys almost done..got a pedicure...going to the boardwalk with my babie and grabbing some coffee with my boo-cha cha
I chuckled RT : God forbid the Knicks win a couple of titles
#TweetsDuring1660 IM ON A BOAT! IM ON A BOAT! EVERYBODY LOOK AT ME CAUSE IM SAILING ON A BOAT!
God is also against pre marital sex and I know half yal fools didn't respect that rule...
Don't forget to make Valentine's Day reservations.
its was great to see the next rep of the 12th national tv
I like the move to have John L Smith as interim coach for Arkansas. Has experience as HC and runs the same system.
#Denver looking forward to announcing the keynote speakers for the #ShineYourDivine Conference raise your
Celine Dion's voice makes my heart break
cause I'm a new person you just met lol
Please teach me gently how to breathe
What happened to not using your phone at work?
This tyler the creator dude is a moron... #vmas #who?
Conversational Love
Just got back from RSKA Kingwood! Hard workout
she's used to disappointment
#everyonehasthat1familymemberwho thinks they know everything
love Clearwater, I lived in Tampa for 5yrs, went to USF. Though I prefered the beach in St. Pete usually
Ne-Yo:Never Knew I Needed <3
Dropping off our host son at the airport today! #sad The past nine months were a blast! Have a good flight Alfredito! We'll miss you!
oh thats awesome. where at? I wanna join a boot camp again
ah man, I know how you feel! But you shouldn't feel that way at all man, just be confident and be yourself
and so sensitive to tea that it cannot be touched without inducing migraine
please can you just click the follow back button x
was just in Dallas and experienced the strangest thing...
Whats the name of it
Sorta, each person creates as many circles as they wish, and choose who to invite. It's all part of one's G+ stream.
~ My DH told me he likes my white shoes because they take away from the paleness of my legs.
Yeah let's go with that story.
it's a turkey stuffed with a duck and chicken. Duh!
Huge spike in web traffic to our www,viseyes,org site, after mention in NY Times. Glad to know we could survive being "slash-dotted"
Tomorrow night , catch The Army Blues: Music of Gerry Mulligan and Charles Mingus at the Library of Congress
I had a feeling that would get your attention!
My jersey number is 17. Same as Jozy Altidore!
Not sure how that works, but it does
God is Good!
Thanks for the heads up.
Hi Harold, how's it going?
Looking forward to continuing #srphilippians ...4pm gathering
The most pissed off man in the nation isnt even a Laker. He is Nene, who wanted Denver to come crawling begging him to come back
use ur #disruptiveimagination &create somthing that didnt exist be4. No, not by re-creating the wheel, but merely adding additional spokes
Networks won't do it b/c they milk things dry, but they'd find that mediocre shows that don't get renewed would be stronger
Are you on Facebook? If so don't forget to check-in and tag 3 friends to claim your free Pupu at the Front Desk!
They say, "To Teach is to Touch a Life Forever." Be sure to say THANK YOU to someone who has touched yours!
u look like kurt warner after that saints playoff game
i hate your face. And that pic was SPOT on.
Just say the clip w/ Nicki Minaj - Regis shame on you. keep your hands to yourself.
Thank you =) spread the word
followed everyone back<3
who has open marriages? NOBODY DOES THAT!
Party is on, at www.SocialMediaLodge.com tonight. Thanks to for the heads-up, wish you wuz here!
<U+200E>"I do not understand what I do. For what I want to do I do not do, but what I hate I do" - Romans 7:15
Great article - thanks for the mention!
I'll wait
Pontrello knots the game up at eight.
im on twitter <3
woo! I'm gunna look for it
#1ofmyflaws i cant say no to people
You would have made me change it for something that appeals to a broader audience. Paul Anka anyone?
The wine bar bartenders are chugging wine and rapping to "What's Your Fantasy." Oh shit.
56-54 Red Claws at the half!
I tweeted that before I knew it was Joss Whedon. So now I not only care, I am dying to see it! :-)
shld let them read what they want, but encourage independent reading in lvl to lower frustration
We will be serving your favorite Dogs today at the public parking lot on Madison in Greenwood (just across from Take Root) (11am-2pm)
Road trip to six flags w/ Bianca and rere
#MobileWorldCongress #Mobile #World is coming up in a week. GRC will be there!
aw thanks
"All men should strive, to learn before they die, what they are running from, & to, & why." ~James Thurber... What's YOUR what, where & why?
'Evian' spelled backwards is 'naive'...
T - 20 min to American Idol. Tune into fox for an all new eppisode. Then after the show tweet who ur favorites were tonight.
Everything is running fine for us on our end. Sorry you got a hiccup!
Todays P.E lesson was just to MUCH !!! 4 me 2 take. I'm to younge 2 be doing stuff like that !!!
I'm sure she appreciates you calling other girls cute.
yush it is o.O
I still believe in Happy Endings, it's up to me to make it happen
#SuperBowlParty Pack features: local made Salsa, Salem Cheese straws, Giacomo Salami & Calico Cheese for $14.75 ($23 value) w/ Wine purchase
Gonna restock the fridge with some Guinness baby!!!
yeah but was absent one day so i have to do one thing unfourtunately.
Yeah. My 21st birthday.
NKY WIB is focused on serving employers by providing services to dislocated workers and serving youth by offering training that is align ...
Im gonna tweet until he notices me. (I sound desperate lol)
well ill be waiting for that one day :P
I am! RT : As of 4:41pm, officially going to Hotlanta in November for MCN 2011. Who's with me?
:) When do you come back to Nashville, lady?!
that doesn't mean they aren't taking note
that's always good! :) busy, busy at the studio too! cheers to another productive week. Go us! :D
Thanks for the RT! Funny fact: my truly gifted sts love the approach; "school-smart" kids resist, want wksheets
Dem Franchise Boyz
She No Neighbors W/Jada,She Aint No Dam DungenDragon She Got The Pumps But No Medicine She a Stupid Hoe Ha Yeah Thats YSheMadxDNickiMinaj(:
leave me the fuck alone
Ecc 5:10 He who loves money will not be satisfied with money, nor he who loves abundance with its income. This too is vanity.
How do you search all tweets on HootSuite?
so awesome
hahaha! I thought of a wyr the other day for u! - be allessandra and date francisc for 2 years or be beyonce for your life
might be the realest person I know... maybe
ima sleep good in a few hours tho
you right y'all CAN win but y'all WONT
Another month. Another year. Another smile. Another tear. Another winter. Another summer too, But there can never be another you <U+2665>
In other Budden news, he and Chris Brown will be performing Beat It on the upcoming MJ tribute album.
The rumors are true.. will be here May 12th! RUMOUR Saturday 'Get Familiar' Edition hosted by iRockParties!
the pleasure was all mine, I assure you.
Hey out there. Had car trouble today and never got to follow up as planned. Will do tomorrow (Jerusalem time). Have a great day. -douggieb
Awesome- see you there! :)
Okay, thats enough. BYE. I hate it don't like it
I am sorry i got out of the shower and read this but completely forgot to reply. But anyway thank you and im glad i found the right
you got close to home to reply to you. Good deal
to be beautiful, everyone is beautiful.
I'm pissed I just turned and snatched my lashes off I wanna cry!
First #Oscar acceptance - short, to the point. Learn from him people!
zombies and southern troopers over bootleggers any day
so pumped for ur Unplugged Album:) 30 days left
Whoa. Anthony Davis with the underbite fangs.
So glad i have another year... I never wanna leave this place
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a millionaire? A bunny with money.
Way to go mountaineers!!!!
Have to be up at 4:45am...not stoked -_-
about time Epoxy got laid, that dudes been so tense lately.
Lord create in me a clean heart and renew a right spirit within me
Still working up photos from the airport shoot, and finding gems from shoots long past.
should get more exercises..
I need new piercings
thnks for the follow
I just connected my account with Google+. Be one of the first to have Google+ added to your !
I'm taking it your not a lifestyle coach- lol- Brooklyn though -woot woot
DJing at This Thursday $2 Anything In The Bar
W.beyondthescoreboard.net kris humphies is the most hated in the smh why? Kris Getting divorced is getting too much attention
Can't see that they're the worst organization in NFL right now? They were never prepared in pre-season.
weed look like a xmas tree
Can't wait to destroy the rest of my costume at tonight's run!
Money Train
Bye Bye unfollower. *waves*
alrighty, looking forward. thanks!
awesome thanks!
had she known the diff she would have bought the Sprint plan for almost the same price. And if the tech could have...
If you love short films, stop in and see the Oscar-Nominated Live Action & Animation programs opening tonight!
sounds dry & sandy
just makes the day go by slow
busting out Oh Sweet Nuthin from #TheVelvetUnderground right now...oh yeah!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
BERNE,BABY,BERNE! Objections to class action settlement Filed 2.8.2010 www.screenrights.net www.stefanavalos.com/index.html ©=Human Right
No not really but i hope you ICONiacz in Canada have a chance to meet the boyz too!
....Did Niall pee?
RT IF YOU HATE HOMEWORK
lol just saw it.
boxer-briefs are most superior underwear
he's the only coach that can crack through my tough guy exterior and Make a difference in my life
Cole Hamels getting suspended today might be as dumb as sticking the Stros in Milwaukee to play the Cubs.
On July 9th in Chicago will you be at the kickball games? Is there any way I can talk to whoever runs your foundation?
ok cool
I love you
Great article about "Girls," but still wishing someone would address the show's complete lack of racial diversity.
Well, that's another round of government forms down. -___-;
i love you.
any feedback on the new #flannelfriday website?
holy crap your paintings are awesome!
Me2!!!how many cody stuff or cody merch do u have!?if many how many also if tweet me the same!
You sure can! I'm a witness! Im always there to bring your dress down when it rides up! #alwayslookingout haha
Att: biz owners, if you don't have a Facebook page, get one now and claim your vanity URL. U no longer need 25 friends to do so. Nice.
The tshirt pre-order with free stuff ends soon! :o
Finding treasure with Nicolas cage
Going to hit balls.
home based business ideas
you're a great tweeter!
All i see is shaws tiny ass tryn to do the squeeze
And we have the most boring airport...
hee hee If this was in regards to my 'UX according to Vanilla Ice' talk - no fruit was flung so I'm calling it a win! /cc
And in honor of our 35th Birthday we are having a sweet sale. Buy $35 in used book and get $5 off!
But minimalism's for me! (Hi Tara!)
RT All for wine...& Wine for all!
oh my I just bought dinos today-- so glad to connect. Cannot believe it!
Ugh! No purse hook in this public restroom?!
You can never make the same mistake twice, because the second time, it's not a mistake, it's a choice.
Not sure, I try not to tell people how to characterize their identity on these themes. They often have given them great thought
i dnt tell ya mann to write me wat u trippin on gurl
If you love Christian then follow his doggy dolche (LilB)
Agreed! Hard AI folks hard to stomach. But hard to compare insects & software both can be successful in their niches. Not a "ladder"
come for a drink!
be sure to bump my new shit i edited the fuck out that hoe bump it "riding round my city"
ive come to realize that relationships are over rated all i need is a stiff drink and a stiff dildo and im good to go
Happy St. Patrick's Day to our Irish friends and family. Enjoy this fine day of festivity.
andy u mother ugh i wont even say it u never told me u HAD A TWETER
Happiness is when you realize you already have what is wearing in her latest post.. I must have good taste!
RT this if you got a gift you felt like returning...
well, I'm staying up that's for sure, the studying part is a little iffy right now.
Sorry #BYU! Wish I could be more sympathetic... but I can't.
Yes! Made it into a sold out show! Score!
The panel was in agreement that Xactly’s multi-tenant, (truly) cloud-based comp is critical
More than 150 new products to be unveiled at the Dallas Home & Gift Market this week...stay tuned!
I WAS WONDERING MAYBE ONE DAY WE CAN DO SOME WORK TOGETHER IF YOU ARE INTERESTED
likes to lick peoples feet she told me..
yeaa i would LOVE to! im sending the pic now! -Melanie
what are the chances that you will ever notice me again? you have SO many followers noww! :(
always goose as represented by my flag in the dorm
Ok I think I'm done with the #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle tweets...most likely.
Enjoyed connecting IRL w/ , great insight, ideas & energy
thank you so much! you are truly a beautiful person!
Thanks for the surprise visit at work! I hope the men's floor didn't disappoint your discerning tastes.
Definition of evil! ;-).. however.. well played
#SXsacrificing lunch for this #LeanStartup session
I know!!!! It doesn't make you any cooler.
RT news calls for snow in nm...where is it?
best friends make the best lovers..
sorry he freeze up against good teams
man that drive is long and boring. I make it almost once a month
oh no!
I was watching a commercial for 'Think Like a Man', thinking it would be pretty funny to watch, but then I saw Chris brown was in it..fail.
Will be to arrive where we started And know the place for the first time
because some people like to post neked chicks on there. :o
Changed our name from Mahone_For_Ever to BeliebInMahone_ (:
I've been playing Mad Gab for 6 months... I would CRUSH people in that game....
I'm partying right now. Actually, I'm earning money. Not really partying.
naw i have to go tomorrow early in da morning lol
Moved my office to the front porch because it's Friday and I can.
I got 99 problems and charleston Heston in the bible movie is one
my 2000th tweet goes to my beautiful smart ass funny bully ass tall ass baby sis ily stink a butt
Yo!!! Big Shout Out to one of my True Niggas Happy Birthday Bro!!
Yep. Lots of gimmicks. And dudes playing up their own kids. Both shameless!
My Dad says he is going to sue you too.
sorry, I didn't make it concession stand. I stayed out on t-ball field to help get it ready.
Everything is going mobile, including console gaming. I imagine the controller being the system, like a Wii and DS combined.
I want some old school focus hope oven grilled cheese bread
for all of y'all hittin ATX for SXSW.....make sure to get a hold of Got a nice spot for y'all artists to record. #Feature$
The schticky what the eff man?! Stick to sham-wow! You are not Billy Mays! Stop trying!
Brand Marketing 101 - Social Media!
However, PR skills can be taught on top of other backgrounds. I actually started in engineering b4 PR.
It doesn't say it on the order or anything?! wow I hope you are!<3
All the GOP knows is rhetoric, lies, hate, obstruction..
You'll probably be seeing them weekly :-). But I'm sure Shelli could get you a copy of the photo we took yesterday...
Can't wait to see our friends in #Albany again- this Friday 10p Also on the bill is Gonna be ragin'
Happy Birthday ! I hope you liked your "fan in a box" from This episode is too funny. I love ELLEN!!!
Santotium comes across as a girl going thru puberty but would probably make a great VP
Making pistachio encrusted tilapia...we'll see how it turns out.
Swag drippin like ice cubes hair in the predator days...
I Will Be Famous...
Best way to watch the & on is to put the TV on MUTE and listen to Marty on
eat a homeless dick
One hundred days until #Christmas, let's get ready people!!!
Great talking to and others at
omg. I cannot believe I said goodnight before 11pm. I'm so tired it feels like 4am.
Strictly 5 minutes each! Let's go the audience is ready!
Go get one of your ace reporters on this story! NomNomNom! It aint' over yet!!!
I have used let's lunch and its worked pretty well minus a few bugs.
Why does such so badly? Why can I only see 10 search results when it tells me I can only see the first 100? Show me the other 90!!
"The going up, was worth the going down" -Mike Ditka
Awesome new motion reel dude! Who is the music by? Catchy song.
Be seeing you tomorrow!
Thanks very much for the follow!
Exactly 2 months from today, my little sister's getting married in sunny SoCal. Let the countdown begin!
He say he dnt deserve me bt I see tha potential in him
I was rooting for Joshua.His voice was amazing....but I guess I will have to settle for jessica bcuz Phillip is boring to me
I have so much to do, I have to manage this time better!
I dnt give a fcc period
love you!
SKINS FEST in #Europe in April #B&W Audio/Video Festival in Portugal
Replay shows safe. Wow.
says current online coupon/deal craze not sustainable; need intrinsic reward vs jumping through hoop for $
RT : Checked out yet?
pumped to start shooting ON THA GRIND!
might possibly have a job interview tomorrow. Hope I get it. I'm in serious need of money.
chicken marsala is the best is it really low in calories how can something that perfect be good for you
Lazy Sunday means no cooking! We'll take care of it for you!
This weather makes me want summer so freakin bad!
It was unexpected! I didn't know the graduation ceremon would be outside, no shade, THREE hours... #
haha awwh dont i feel loved, i miss you too !
When your ex boyfriend trys to sext your best friend...
We could learn a lot from crayons. Some are sharp, some are pretty and some are dull. Some have weird names and all are different...
I neva got a follow back
#AchievementInCinematography goes to
lol.i never said facebook.but that is in with twitter too
Be on the lookout! “: Will you be handing out tiny underwear again? #PRSMS ”
Looking for a Photo Archives Manager for an entertainment firm in Beverly Hills, CA. Will be responsible for the development and implement…
In PA headed to New Yorkm
"You really can change the world if you care enough." - Marion Wright Edelman
Is there a way to join through edits like in FCP? I haven't seen that feature mentioned. Thx!
Who exactly is Austin Mahone????
I want ice cream!
I think I followed u long before a long time ago but I don't think these were available at that time (see next tweet)
and low scoring. I love it
THANK YOU. SOMEONE UNDERSTANDS.
#wearemagic go magic
I don't always finish the punchline, but when I do,
presents today at
Thanks for the retweet. :-)
O might do! I'm going to a thing that evening but I might stop after :) Also I think revision event is being planned for Sun.!
We really need to practice our free throws
Still thinking, I will let you know when I think of it
strong night... Good seein u homie!
My mom just shot the tv because Bristol palin didn't win.
Hey guys! We've got a show on Monday at UNF in the 3rd floor ballroom of the student union at 730. It's a free show too:) see ya there!!
#SignsUrAHoodRatMother You take your child with you as you go out running the streets
I'm not tell far into it, but it feeds my insomnia! Get on it woman!
I get so emotional when you’re not around. That emotion is called joy. :') -- autocorrects () @
im good (with a headache) u?
I also have a theory that with most of my job, if I'm doing it right, people shouldn't notice...
yes, a very cool machine! Love the brains behind it. I was at the Cosi in Alexandria, VA on King Street/Washington Street.
you guys are both fags
Left Hand On The Steerin' Wheel Right Hand On That Pussy
happy with our new followers and
that's awesome dude
Sadly, no. But, it was still awesome!
Math PIck 19: The Number Devil: A Mathematical Adventure by Hans Magnus Enzenberger, Rotraut Susanne Berner, and Michael Henry Heim. Mid+
yeahh true.. Haha well hope you had fun! :)
What three words describe you? (Only three.)
It's trick or treat on Southport now.So get on down here.We have lots of treats, you just have to bring the trick.Try our Pumpkin Spice Chai
Hope you had a great Easter!
#AustinMahone is moving to Miami I think I'm gonna cry actually you know I am crying #DontLeaveTexas !!!!!;"(
Indeed. would love to see some links. thanks :-)
what hotel are we staying at? Text me please x.
Man shit please people if u look like hell put on a shirt, it is not that hot out..:-) :-)
I love you! You're perfect, and you're all time on my mind! Follow me please! You & your songs are amazing *-*.
We hear something really tasty might be coming to Davis Square! Tasty Burger! Um...yum! We'll keep y'all posted when we hear more.
Nope, not at the San Francisco mixer last night - original plan was to fly out but life intervened. Did you have fun?
RT I don't wear my pants under my ass I don't want any man looking at my ass in the wrong
Feds won't allow Dianne Feinstein to re-solicit donors of campaign cash stolen by crooked treasurer via
im very well thanks.. why you ask?
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 10
Tonight would be a great night not to be working til 9...I'd love to be out right now drinking
loved so much he's back for more!
jammin on the way to pepper pod with some bros :)
#salsa workshops with Andy Cruz start at 1pm today at La Fogata!
Sometimes I just want to throw my phone off the wall...
One thing I have loved about today is people from other countries are here remembering this day with us! Thank you guys! RIP 9/11 Victims<3
you just missed our Friday dance party and Gary from AIS even joined in on the fun. He's got some moves, but nothing on Jenny
Soccer: Robson: Jose Mourinho can succeed Ferguson Manchester United legend Bryan Robson believes Jose Mourinho has the right credential
i don't know what this means. what's a chest wig?
Of course amidst the back pain, this is the week my building's elevator is out of service for repairs. I live on the 5th floor. Do the math.
Luckily happened to notice the mug/teabag in my hand, or I might still be wandering around the 3rd floor, wondering why I'd walked up there.
Thank you for the RT!
wide awake. SO awake. what's cool about being this awake at 6am? nothing. cause there was no sleep prior to this. today's theme: red bull!:)
The Education Department does conduct background checks but the boom in arrests has some calling for stricter controls...
Thorough I suppose? Tunnel vision form email dev?
Graham Greene~ It is impossible to go through life without trust That is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all oneself.
What if I never came back ..
ay don't u got burger king on your base ? Lol
I almost just got attacked by a pack of squirrels. True story. I think there is a turf war going down now that I uncovered the sand box.
lmao. Son I'm starving.....I could kill someone and eat them
Race To Witch Mountain <3
“: ” want a visual?”. Me: does iPhone have panoramic camera lens?”. Ouch........
fosho I can dig it...
#BloodDrive #Fishers #RaiseYourSleeve Thx for the RT! I need to break down and get an #iphone so I can set up
BROKEN GLASS presents CYMBELINE - OPENS TOMORROW! Special code for all of our followers: $8 TIX for OPENING NIGHT 8/17: OPENING817
looks fantastic. Enjoy.
send ur writing partner a "friendly reminder" to hurry up.
My deep thoughts could make Stevie wonder
WHAT!? Did u record?
Lmfao, now your a sexy bitch your justins abbs!
#ogw Dear City Council: Enough with the PDF already!
WHERE AM I GOING TONITE
Agreed! RT We got in the studios. Not a bad way to start out the week.
He's , actually. You're spelling it wrong ;)
Is it really wrong for me to point out that this means you may soon have a new customer?
#NDAA This is so fucked. I will be leaving the country in the fall, and if NDAA is still around, I won't be coming back.
I'm bringing my boyfriend, a coworker, and a client! They better stay away from my Younger!
You're sitting in the chair, life is passin you by. You keep procrastinating, "Well, maybe I'll vote for Diggy tomorrow. NO DO IT RIGHT NOW!
-- airing out kimonos / as well as her heart / is never enough #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
I love marketing spam email that begins with "Hello Brad". Ahem. My name isn't Brad.
-dying- my mom called One Direction "One Republic"
Most Dope!
Writing my English essay<<<<<<
We could be at the beginning of a beautiful, if gruesome, new writing relationship... #FF back atcha!
chilling now
Hi Dani, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
The breakthrough is coming... #USWNT Our gals are hungry!
#funfact ... just a warning... I just found a great "fun facts about dance" website.
Great time with at . Great event. Go if you have the chance.
getting turnt up double strength HAM for lob city wish it was a game action
I call my dad Atticus
Doors are opening up. You will be able to sit and dine with us real soon.
not only does it show up more in boys but girls are on the spectrum have many different issues
double booking not drama yet. how far is little rock from dallas again? sigh.
well shhhhh i aint no u was making phone calls im jealous
these games are often amazing. Become a #Mizzou fan!
Thanks, ! Very happy that you're joining us this summer.
...Good thing I trust my main man HARBAUGH all the way :) All the way to the Super Bowl BAYby!
With Starks, Saine and a (hopefully) healthy Green, is there any cap benefit for doing something with Grant?
Will someone be so kind to hop over to our facebook page and tell me if you are able to view the new pics we just uploaded.
all u guys need to need STOP hating on julian cuz i swear.. just dont ok DONT
It is getting really weird on glitchfm the stinky cheese incident cheese photoshoot 2?
: likewise, have a wonderful Sunday
mythology for almost 3 hrs is very depressing -_-
Gonna try this twitter thing
im so proud of me
Dear Jesus, I can afford wine. How about you start turning water into gas?
I say i do i do i do i do lol
schooling Show. Brilliant.
What a great quote thanks!
Audition for H.E.B
Back to coffee, back to bags under the eyes. #butmaybebagscanbesexy?
Technical problems- all fixed now!
Thank ya! RT : love the song She Only Wanted Flowers
The bad news...is I just got jumped. The good news...I think Im in the gang!
Thx! :) RT : Got interview questions back from This will be a fun one to work on
I need your customer support for technical question - whom can I contact? I've emailed support - no response so far :-(
Our house, once again, has been invaded by Japanese ladybugs, who drop into dinner plates & tightrope walk baseboards. Very García Márquez.
I should have listened to all the homer tweets of prior to The Dance and put FL going farther.
honestly....I'm so lost now lol!
RT : Tonight on our Creekside Courtyard it's the Clear Creek Jazz Quintet peforming from 6-9 p.m. Join us creekside!
White boy wasted.
Get yo ass back lmao RT : You have stretch marks??? Lemme see ??
that's because it is such a great story!
a very delayed getback. I'm good and u?
Would love to hear your viewpoint...care to post on the Facebook wall?
Thank you! Keep us updated on any SCOOP deep runs
So proud of and all his hard work in rehab. Today he took his first *assisted* steps!
WHO around the BK N MANHATTAN AREA HAS A HD CAMERA AND WANNA BE APART OF THE MVMNT N WE GON BUILD
Sessions were not recorded at #DevLearn. The camera crew shot clips of sessions for the DevLearn highlights video.
I want to move to the south
“: Just decided that I'm getting a T-shirt for to wear tonight! #BFF #Doppleganger” haha love this
Omg haha, anyone see snoop on sports center all reggae out with a beard??
#Disney is closing #SnowWhites Scary Adventure June 1st. They're making way for shops, restaurants, and an indoor
"To score for the sake of scoring diminishes a man. I can't value a woman who won't value herself." -- John D. McDonald
#winning RT : Whoever flagged the fake tweet is disrupting today's impromptu twitter class on fakery and disruption.
#Dontyouhatewhen you wake up from a dead sleep thinking you lost your wallet and have to find it so you can go back 2 sleep in peace
Now that looks Good
Use those lips your lipstick covers.
Just got off the phone w/ ; excited to possibly be iterning for this summer!
NOW PLAYING NEW ARTIST "THE WEEKND" FROM CANADA ON #JACKIESPEAKSSHOW WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
I just dropped a lighter in the toilet
When thinks he knows everything, but he's clearly WRONG about E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G!!! So funny. :)
Breaking Bad is genius but I'm perilously close to having a full blown panic attack every episode.
it's ok, the mall has been going downhill according to mom
Is that a Jackson Guitar?
Lightning around stay put. Safe inside more deaths from lightning in our area than hail or winds
I got another dress you'll love for $7.50, but I need to find a new belt to go with it. B&w graphic print verging on ikat
RT : RT this if you're coming to the #TopChef event tomorrow!!
I have got to start using this thing more.
just hoped out da boof workin on dat new fire you know what it do. check tha store!
Live Music in the Patio Saturday and Sunday!! Free Parking FREE WI-FI Bring your Toys, we love Tweeters. FREE Parking!!
Randy Jackson (every week): "That was the best performance on the show, EVER". Stop it. He's also wearing a small clock on his 3XL suit.
I was at the game too. Horrendous! Second time I've been to opening day and they get shut out. I miss the Sonics! #
Just finished shoot around n play U of H tonight at 7. Let's go Mustangs!
You Read It as "Non-Flammable" .. I read it as "Challenge Accepted"
Suspect reportedly taken into custody at the performaning arts building
I am literally stunned..I've verified it..thx for the info
Now that Rick Santorum is out, does Newt think that he now has a chance.
Wish I was camping
Still nothing. It's so sad.
Just got an interview for Social Media Marketing Assistant for the University of Wisconsin Libraries!
Red-winged blackbirds in marsh next to Ravenna Creek!
Anyone hear about the plane that made an emergency landing on I-75? Can't find an update anywhere.
let me know when the next one is going down. I'll try to make it!
Bout to shoot a vid at my moms house of me hitin that hammerwalk :) swaggn!
Jamie Fuch's house (her mom is David's aunt) on 61 heading out of lynnville
hey me too :D
having sex. dick bends.
Good thing Airport Fire only needed ambo, when they called Milwaukee FD on a analog mutual aid freq. MFD didn't answer, so Oak Creek sent 1
okay cool! Thanks!
I am seeing on twitter that the foodtruck festival is insanely crowded...hope you guys are having fun!
My BF is at a bar with the boys. Girls night? I'm an excellent wingwoman! :D
Chuck #Norris can punch a #cyclops between the eyes...
I really like the new show Terriers on FX. Me liking a show is the kiss of death. The countdown to cancellation begins... Now.
San Antonio, TX (White Rabbit) WE ARE DEFIANCE, THE GREAT COMMISSION. TONIGHT!!!
Bitter end tonight. I hit the decks at 10p.m.
Thx RT : In 2years we'll get u that username back RT : I'm now -2 characters shorter than
perfect. Love that.
I see your point, but I'm not sure i agree with this
Or if you're willing to brave the sun head on over to Nashville Shores, but be sure to get half priced tickets at our site!
The best price to sale your own Ebooks on Amazon Kindle is $8.75 for biggest purchasing power
#collegetaughtme that UCF stands for....FUCK ALL THAT SHIT....I'm glad I went...
wait so u only get like 3 days of break ?!? whats wrong with those mariah regina people ??
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
we on some powwow ish in this room feel like I'm in pre k this best be tight
I love my momma
well hello there! Thanks for the follow - I can't believe we weren't following you guys yet!
New flavors of sorbet have arrived - Strawberry & Pomegranate and Blood Orange.
You know if it weren't for divine intervention you would curse that fool out... "I swear." NspiredBy Proverbs 16: 1
Shit happens, but you just have wipe your ass and move on!
do you have the demo schedule for Saturday Grand Tasting available?
Submitting my 2011 ad in a few - thanks to for the amazing photography!
just heard a story on local news ,a couple put their newborn in the freezer and left her ..TERRIBLE.they'll let any1 b a parent
We're not still running the program but we're always down to trade floats for artwork. e-mail =)
Working on a new website for A & A Safe, Lock & Door. (www.aaofga.net/cms) Tell me what you think?
at this weekend! Saw #seekingasianfemale now onto
OK, just saw a spider the size of a small bird in the house.
Love her!!! Saw her (closer up) when we were in NOLA when I was 16!
i won't though hahaha! i'll end up doing it all again!
Omg Crazy-Neighbor-Guy came into my work tonight with...wait for it...remember "Are-Pot-And-Weed-The-Same-Thing?"-Guy!!!!
Yeah, well, there's still another hour or so to go.
just seen d rose. I almost cried. Damn why him...
Hello ! Im joining !!! Did you join mine ?
Nice work Gamel!! Keep up your hard work!!
lol that game was pitiful
I was thinking about that one too.
I feel so out of touch, social media-wise. Apparently my Twitter app has been logged out on my phone for 78 days and I didn't notice. Oops.
Poll greeting for & We're gonna win this one!
thanks for the 411 on #smcmke Enjoy your visit and your wings!
Johnny Lee Miller will play Dr. Frankenstein on the 6th and the Creature on the 7th.
our last few tweets gave me nightmares lol
Going on a walk with my girls :)
my daughter graduates on Thursday from Ft Jackson US Army basic training.
What?! Text me and enlighten me with what I have done.
hah! I have a #tinychihuahua too-our friendship is likely shallow & based on food alone. hey, that's life when you're adorable
las vegas get down to secret gentlemens club tonight. come get a dance and get drunk. ill be there from 6pm-??? xoxo
I received +K about Volkswagen from Thank you Sir!
Thank you for asking! Give us a call towards the end of May: 773.528.8226. RT : what is the info for the kickball league?
how are the over class subjects in school effecting the students
no imm not '
It's so weird seeing my name on credit card as the owner of a business. It's the kind of weird I can get used to.
I'm finally starting to feel human again. Now let's just hope this cough doesn't stick around for 3 months
why u dont call or text no mas?
MITTANIC. A political disaster movie, soon available in 3D.
Are you in #Asheville, #Hendersonville or #WNC? Looking for an opportunity? Make money sampling #coffee. 828-233-5857
what do those symbols mean?
#beardsleyumn when do you expect 32-channel cochlear implants to come on line and will you upgrade?
#WWE12 The Intercontinental Championship.
Im performing at the shrine on the north side of chicago cant wait
Yup. Both of them. I know, it's pretty impressive.
At the library waiting to go to the indiana room with
lol yup same here
Oh man, you just pissed off a whole city. Haha. Those are fightin' words in our parts.
I'm heading out to audition for a feature film...
Well if he did you know everybody about to be on his ass
#lazinefest seemed great, but I felt claustrophobic and had to flee. I did bump into on the way out. Literally. Sorry.
7 mins 4pm, so I'm just going to declare it officially HAPPY HOUR!!
Join us tomorrow!
Update: Doc's Assit came out & now lil man has 2 have 3 teeth pulled & spacers put in, said he should feel a lot better:-)
Work your hardest. Think your smartest. Dream your biggest. Be your greatest. Love to your fullest. Smile your brightest.....YES! :))
is looking for a Sr. Tax Accountant - EXCELLENT GROWTH OPPORTUNITY!! Pays 50-55K. Email your resume to **
Listening to empire of the sun
Well this will tell you how much of a dork I am. I knew it was wrong the first time I heard it.
You're welcome. I've always loved your writing.
1.5 hours work time for HR Harassment Online Course=1.5 Hours I will NEVER get back.
I feel defeated beyond belief.
lol...that is awesome!!!!!
u kno we hv to mess with u lol!
The annual mtg stage looks great...stands tall and bold. Just like columbUS!
PS I love the u.u and ñ.ñ faces.
Just shot you a DM... though I see you're standing on the set so you're not seeing this at the moment! ;)
Hell nah... You don't get to talk shit about someone and then be sensitive. Nope.
Whhhyy is my basement so cold?!
How are you darlin'?
#NYTM + NASDAQ = Time Sq event. Don't know about you but count me in !
ok :) you have any favorite video game?!
Things are not memorable. People are memorable. Tell stories about your people. No one cares about a picture of your building.
I have final exams next week...
I can't stand folks that walk around holding a damn baby room to room!
It&#39;s taken us 25 years, but we found Springfield
Worst part of Braun appeal is because they're normally confidential, no idea if it normally takes 2 day, or 25.
sigh... hows this working. </3 hows this gonna be in the future. If there is one.
at a nursing facilitya
This is just one of those "twitterific" days where I feel like I run into everyone + go everywhere I follow on twitter
Right about now I could go for the lemon blueberry cake made for Easter. Told you we shoulda made 2 cakes.
what the? no.. I will not buy you a corndog. I'll just buy you the corn..
No. On iPhone.
hey don't make fun of me!
Good luck! Give us a call if we can help!
:O you don't remember! Dramafest!
some people don't know what they want out of life
Wanna read something creepy? Jack Ketchum, The Girls next door. Jack is a BAD MAN! But a great writer.
watching Chris Bosh on FX
It's too hot for this shit !
next time you should bring your own satellite with you or cell tower lol
Sippin on Gin & "Juice" OJ to stay in prison durring appeal. But he's such a likeable guy............. Hope he enjoys his Pruno!
It's the last day of class! I'll miss you, students, but I'm so thrilled to be able to devote my days to my textbook.
Twitter is way too quiet when isn't tweeting :)
RT : Tomorrow is Season Announcement Day! Join us here to learn @ 2012/13 & for a chance to win free tix throughout the day.
ha! RT : I'm sorry. Did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours? (via )
Raise your hand if boss sends you an email on Sunday morning that starts with "Pressure. Is. On."
We'll be checking in to keep fans updated on all things Fanfest right here tonight and tmrw from Atlanta!
It turns out grilled mango is delicious but you should peel it first
You go to bed
we can relate to that! Would u like 2 share what your wife misses the most about #Israel ?
haha yep I had my first run in with the cashier in his bears santa hat! Merry Christmas!
why can't I upload a picture?
Missing someone is your heart's way of reminding you that you love them. ( i love you E.S )
Does anyone know of an iphone apps group in San Diego? If not, lets start one! Building an alliance to crush the app store.
#bikeshare will elevate this city!! Yay
So is Brad Richards playing today?
And it's over. Horns win 21-10. Pac 12 champs!
I have so much respect for my favorite unsigned band, <3 I think should cover something by ? ;D
Michael Jackson's kids to impress his handfootprints at Grauman's on Jan 26th at 11with a special performance by immortal
I love my bestfriend/sister meli Mel. Death couldn't keep us apart. Ily girly:)
50s and raining in the Bay, but still the best place on Earth (next to Hawaii)
JUSTIN CHANGED MY LIFE
I just wrote the opening music score for my new tv show (pilot) on my iPhone & acoustic guitar. Thanks #lespaul and
I'm always pushing someone away...
thanks! its fun working with
I'm feeling so much better, my sinus problems are going away!
Big audition at Warner Bros today as an anchorwoman. Even bigger hair.
Protect your dreams. Let people wonder. Nobody needs to constantly know your next move.
did you ever try Magic Power Coffee? They pay you when your friends buy it.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms including mines..
still stuffed from the iron cupcake challenge. Thanks for the donation!
#AWD Remember to meet in Holmes today!
I was like about to cry I was so scared lol;))
menu changes coming tomorrow night leaning towards picasso. come in to check them out, pics to come!
Man or woman it seems that being honest is rare these days lbvs
Congrats for being one of Biz Bash's most innovative events pros!
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
I hope so!! A little worried about securing tickets though.
Sweet-chocolate-Christ that coco mole ale was some good sh*t. Unexpectedly spicy too!
I'm doing great! School in a little bit /: how are you? :)
: don't forget endless hot chocolate duh
Make sure you don't travel to Costa Rica for a meetup group, and then find out that meetup group doesn't exist anymore! Damn you CR Tech!
Thes One is from San Pedro, Double K is from Mid-City
I gained three new 'followers' today, all of whom 'follow' many thousands of people. Wish I could auto-block those notifications & accts.
we'd love to if we can!
I'm definitely recording it & putting it on YouTube. Its part of my whole promo/marketing plan I've laid out. Just in case :)
Having a great time in Phoenix met with SunWest yesterday, heading to E&J Appliance today
Chef's Special: Escargot Stuffed Mushrooms w pickled marrow & salsa verde x 6 pairs nicely with a BIN Pinot on this fine Monday!
Well hello there :D Any friend of Willy is a friend of mine :D
Never a clean inning, but he gets it done
me too hope its as good as this 1 was
These lil boys nice aha play at 3 at highland springs aha
Need a new texting buddy(;
Who's planning on running against to become the 45th Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin (aka LtGov4realz)
I love you Justin Drew !
Thanks for this article.
I honesty think the homie is my twin
Thank you for your leadership on transportation safety around Austin and your insightful remarks this morning.
The former girls of DREAM now are going to premier Bang,Bang on a live stream tomorrow afternoon. Come join.
Business Professor Receives Two Outstanding Educator Awards Business Professor Receives Two Outstanding Educator Awards
So far, has most informative tweet. Schedule of markup.
Worst choice I made today: gettin on the freeway
Our plan doesn't work? I'm ashamed of myself for not being the best to trend #AustinTo700K for :I
New Handsome Follower!
i love drive by!! thank you!
Loved the concert but very upset that we waited on line for almost 2 hours in the freezing cold after 6pm when it was supposed to start...
Room is prepped for GWSB LLPs Waffle Study Break tomorrow morning! Stopping by , , and other ?
I promised shoutouts to the last 10 followers, for 1000. I haven't reached 1000 but I will do the last 9 right now!
Enjoyn the Nite Life Strange rains on La nites
listening to George Karl in the press room after a loss is soo depressing..
Badgers Kevin Zeitler goes to Bengals at #27..Packers pick is in..listen to the Big 1070 for live coverage when they select their guy!
Why didn't you state your idiotic political positions w/Bill Maher?
Loved your article on making your own skincare products. Going to rub a potato on my face tomorrow, and honey it up tonight!
I really don't want to go to school -_-.
yep. The first one on Sunday. Might try to hassle the bull pen.
Missing the days of when I had a full head of hair...sigh, thinning hair sucks..oh well.
Waking up hungry is horrible. Knowing that the only meal you get is at lunchtime until the next night.
miss u too :*
When considering a link purchase or exchange, check the cache date of the page where your link will be located in Google
Fire alarm! I'd go to Starbucks across the street, but I bet the hundreds of other people evacuating have the same idea.
why the hate :/
Can't wait to see all of the gowns! RT : Keep your #Eredcarpet tweets coming! Who are you super excited for!
Here we go. 9th inning in Anaheim
VINCENTS A GOOD DRAWER!!!!!!!!
Please order my new rapping cd "life's turn" released today at 3:30 buy the deluxe today for only $5.00 and get my new DVD today only $25.00
*sings* god is trying to tell you something..
Thank you! RT Love your new site!
I can't argue with that at all. The past 3 years here have made me appreciate MI drivers much more.
when does #thevoice come on ?
I leave a trail of genius wherever I go....
All of them better be tweeting DAILY.
Colts release Bob Sanders.
who's ready for the red carpet? star time!
she claim she skinny but she not lol wow
A whip my hair back nd forth, A whip my hair back nd forth, a whip my..oh.. sorry dude.. but can't you see I'm whipping my hair?
Can't handle SNL too much beauty
thank you for following me
Administrators for Peacocks say they are looking for a buyer for the clothing retailer, as customers are told they can no longer use the co
Hello world
lmao! no, I was there!! hahahah :P
I can smell my MERCEDES
Congratulations to Coach Craig Johnson and Santa Margarita Catholic on reaching the quarterfinals at High School Nationals!
smh its too early for all that
#caca jury selection is live on clickorlando.com. Judge Perry WILL allow "odor" samples to be used as evidence in trial. Bad 4 Defense!
Thank you for the mention.
the only way I am satisfied is when someone shouts "faster cracker"
RT : Gotta think like an Artist at all times
geez, learn how to spell. -.-
“: this is woow look at my link from profile” how about no
pray for me :-)
Whomever created the Pop Tart Joylicious commercial was on some wacky stuff.
-Can take you home?-Just look gospodin.tolko glance
They Don't Know Me.
Save the date! Next Wednesday, January 11th, 5% of Whole Foods Market Pearl and Fremont location sales will be donated to The Pongo Fund.
I'll let you know after I have my first poster session tomorrow.... ugh.
Stop what you're doing. Take a deep breathe. Now imagine what's possible for you this new moon cycle. Enjoy!
Seeing the man dr uribe today!
Snag that perfect piece for your collection! #ITAOTC auction w/ &more!
Tomorrow is never promised, so I want all my friends and family to know how THANKFUL I am that ALL OF YOU are in my life.
Getting my gym flow in out west ...
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Blue is still pretty at night
You know, I'm kinda a big deal
Happy 2012! Have a happy, healthy, plant based 2012!!
Yeah, it's horrible. I saw the car that hit me in rearview 1 second before impact, and all I could do was scream!
just dropped by the office, fixed my pivot charts, and jetted off to #NYXPO to assist
#vsa2011 regular access and license to hang out in museums creates <3 for museums!
eventlet? is this just not like.. asyncore?
Join Critical Exposure students and the #Ward4 community tonight for a meeting on school modernization w/ Coolidge HS, 6pm.
Sweet! See you then!
I just want you, only you and always you! #why can't I have what I want?
Up next is the case study with
9:30 on a Tuesday night why is there so many people in the gym!?
I need suggestions for childcare in East Dallas (white rock lake area) for a new client. Kids < 3 yrs.
Rocky Mountain National Park, Red Rocks, 16th Street Mall, LoDo, Larimer Square. A lot of outdoors stuff
heyy(: can you follow my friend for me? Thank you!!(:
TIL that natural gas comes out of the ground at 130 octane and does not require refining! No wonder the interest.
;) correct performance AEX Tech Tips Episode 4: Adjusting Motor Height
thoughts on yoga parties? A client, friend and teacher is doing one, of a sort. Wondering if I should market more? And how?
062345877#REP :Broadcast this and your BBM will get repaired this is working
I;m coming to OSU this weekend.
cause ha fat ass hungry come get me I don't feel like driving :-(
Almost that #HappyHour folks! Where are you going for your #WineDownWednesday? Stop by a #Bartab bar for $1 drinks
Argentine tango USA championship off to a good start yesterday with , and their partners. Good luck today, guys!
Thank you for reading. I appreciate it.
watch fresh prince instead! Lol
WHY AM I UP? Think ima go #biking :)
oops meant *your and not you.
Things are great. We'll certainly be following you and will reach out if an opportunity presents itself.
We should base our lives on principles, not rules and laws. Rules and laws change, but principles never change and will always have permanen
Y bother send me a one letter wrd Rollin eyez.
U.S. Open entry deadline is today. Decisions, decisions......
Obviously peaceful protesting is unpatriotic to the Oakland PD, in other countries we would label these sort of protests "democratic"
Flagstaff Business News thanks New Frontiers for renewing their marketing agreement with our Flagstaff publication
Worldwide, 13 million babies are born preterm and a million die as a result.
Oh my Google. New YouTube format = delicious.
Gotchu! Bring some money just in case I go hit the tattoo shop though.
Oh. Well... Good thing I just showered, at least my foot is clean
« « My bed mysteriously gets too comfortable every morning, anyone else?»»
I read yesterday on Twitter that (who I follow) is looking for a used 50mm 1.2
Lindzi:"I love the transformation". What, from Gold digger to total whore?
Is anyone else still awake...?
well i feel so left out....:(
Just finished an interview with - watch FOX31 news tonight at 5:00
Hiring by healthcare companies expected to set pace for mgmt recruitment across all industries thru end of 2009 per latest ExecuNet poll.
best friend.? LMFAO is my life! legit!
In this week, one #FollowFriday spreads its butterfly wings above all others: , y'all!
"Look before you leap, for snakes amoung sweet flowers do creep". Just saw a snake in my garden.
Hey, are you free at about 4:00 to play some tennis with Shawn? He has a tournament this weekend and needs to hit some.
miss you :)
God forbid he should investigate his own clergy.
In Md seniors can just go to school 1/2 days if taken all their requirements yet large no. of kids must take remedial courses in college
Nice hit
I'm quite proud of mine!! And now we can spend less!!
“: how am i suppose to see you when you are not coming to my state? :'(” what state?
Marvel 66swde Bd L Chateau 24 Wine Cellar And Drawer ...
awww you guys are just awesome hope u guys are having an awesome time wish i was there with u guys luv ya -rusher4life
Fuck i wana sleep but i go to work at 4
Warming it up at Couture Ultra Lounge!
Kristen Hawkins hit by a pitch for the 12th time this year, tying her for the single season record with current vol asst Sarah Tacke.
Be yourself not the poeser on Tv
that's unfortunate. I've had that happen on here. Friends disown you b/c you don't agree, as if you can't be friends & not share
Athleta Event Tomorrow Morning! For every tweet w/#AthletaNYC. One student’s semester of yoga classes will be sponsored by Athleta!
Is Oil Change on your To Do List? Give us 20 minutes and we'll get you back on the road. Visit www.ExpressLube.com for more info.
Pro tip: When having trouble finding good available logon ID's for a site, one's knowledge of #Choctaw vocab can provide a wealth of names.
Nicely Done!! RT Yay! Thanks for following! Been reading Archie comics via my IPhone! ;) loving every copy! ;)
Well proposal passed. :-) nervous as hell. Could have been better.
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost
laker fans can not be delusional. It's great we beat the nuggets but the thunder is going to be a challenge. Rest & Practice!
Stopped to buy a case of Pepsi, and the cashier asked for an ID. Sounds like it is a "global Target" issue.
you're welcome :)
pretty sure ranked high-score at the #atpconference putting green!
is the most beautiful girl i hae ever seen ! :)
are you on instagram too?
Experimenting with my BBE BMax preamp into my Crown XLS 2500 poweramp,incredible sound!very "transparent"+ powerful,NO limits,magnificent!
lol! Yes u do
are going to sending out Xtamina Energy Drink's Energy Mix CD's by "DJ Don't Stop" & "DJ Kaios" of ATL for Promoters & DJ's
Music is 50% of any film. Keeping the score in mind through production can be very helpful
How ya doin'? Happy new year!
YES WE DID!! Thank you so much for hosting us!!
You MAD cause I dont like Nicki? Oh.
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
morning everyone how are we all
Number 12 with sweet tea and Barbecue sauce!
Ha. Probably not anything good.
Suffolk University FORD HALL FORUM has me on panel discussing future of Photojournalism Thursday 26 April 6:30-8pm 120 Trement St Boston
who u nigga?!
pumped for tonight at phoenix landing
Sure can you please tell your friends about our project thank you
just for support for Peyton manning just like me we still a die hard colts fan :)
did you even check out my blog? i can tell you did not, you won't see any bieber face there darlin
amazing cosmetics pressed mineral powder and maybeline one by one (coral tube) the colossal I heard has a strong scent
Brownlee says healthcare is like fishing industry. Everyone looking for personal gain at peril of the system - tragedy of the commons
In LA this week showing the images to Anne Lyden. So exciting to finally see the photographs! Fabulous new work out there! Results June 14th
That beautiful moment when The Fray breaks out an accordian! Loved it!
If I am not dripping with sweat after a workout I did not push myself enough. Go big or go home
An Anthropologist watches all of the above and wants to do participant observational study :-)
RT "The greatest pleasure in life is doing what others say cannot be done." Randy Foutch
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was lost... And I STILL AM
Charley came and now we are cuddling man do I love my puppers
Omg you guys should listen to his official cover from one less lonely girl!! So beautifull, it makes my cry! :') x
Just came from #edcampcolumbus yesterday and also attended #edcampcincy. THE best f2f PD ever.
Have pride in your imperfections and show the world that you are a work in progress
RT Driving to Southampton. ETA 5:03 PM using Waze - Drive Social
LOVE when the Birds talk in the morning.....if ONLY I knew what they were saying.......
I guess I'll go,I best be on my way out !<3
monday- 75 degrees in the morning. tuesday- 35 degrees in the morning.
Dane and I may play a couple songs?
": #nebraska scores first vs. #wisconsin game over" are you sure?
What are you doing to celebrate National Marquette Day?
Tell me why I even bothered to buy "light" butter.
Tron time! 28 years is a long time for a sequal. Hoping it's worth it.
I been waiting so long/patience became my vice...
that soot joke was amazing lmao you fell for it hard
had our first coffee this morning ! So excited that they're around the corner from our office. And doughnuts? SOLD.
DeSmidtland thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
can you be specific like what state
this beat go so hard
Everything is not what it seem to be
Grown men wearing colored contacts...WHY?
She'll probably still apologize, she feels horrible. But I did fix the credit & I added you in as well. :)
like duh.....lol
great to find you here too! Thanks for connecting on FB
Pre-natal yoga for Terra. This shit is punny
I was raised with a gang of niggas with get money intentions
Something is definitely...off...about Lark Voorhies' skin tone in that video...
Spread the word... We will be free for a while... Testers welcome so "like" us on our fan page and get a free profile for life!!
Austin's lips >>>>
Get your blend on! We're here until 6!
Glad to hear there is another positve role model for kids involved in professional sports. We need more of them.
Q7: Being too tired to prep food to put in the slow cooker the next day!
Shows this week- Tuesday @ Shotskis in Winter Springs, Thursday @ Oasis in Sorrento, Friday @ Crossroads in Deland, Sat @ Shots in Deltona
supporting me is sweet. but I understand
I successfully passed my thesis defense!! Now to find a professional job...
Airsoft GI - Hatch XTAK Knee/Elbow Pads - Hatch Reactor Hard Knuckle Gloves . czech republic
crazy!!! Lol yay :) “: #Cancer's best friend and lover: #Taurus”
haha! Dominated that table, we showed them.
I wanna play Zelda Windwaker... that game is sick af.
Caucasians have sought the answer for years. We simply do not know why.
I've cried four times today. I think it's about time I go to bed.
OMG I CANT BELIEVE I GOT THIS DRESS. ITS SO BEAUTIFUL.
uh where?
Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades
#SinveWereBeingHonest I'd rather have a bad day with you then a good day with anyone else.
I can see Holt's performance review, "Remember the Alamo!?"
"You can't let other people tell you who you are. You have I decide that for yourself."
Girl Let's Go , Let's Goo , Let's Go !
Can't Wait! RT : Heading to the fete at soho...get ready!
its crazy how niggas say one things and do another omge i dont even wanna put that nigga onblast like
Drinking some more 2night, then the next day sleep the day away....
wanted to chat with you about bring success partner?
Thanks, Jay! Always good to be "home" again - even if just for a few minutes...
I've noticed my cell is getting WAY better service than before... which only frightens me to see my next phone bill.
I think it'd be weird dating somebody that has the same name as me.
agreed. The slutty tweets are fun, obviously. I love to play. I just want a different game sometimes.
Polyester was the one
one direction >
YOU CAN HAVE YOUR #BEACHLIFE OVER HERE IN PANAMA CITY BEACH, FLORIDA! WE HAVE NICE BEACHES!
#roadbuffs just passed Pueblo.
...I assumed you've done this?:p
RT : Indiana is officially who I'm rooting for the rest of the way.
Its another beautiful day in vegas!! So ready for the weekend, and my fav spot in town, the pool at
People's decisions these days are terrible -.-
The chaffing has settled down.
Starry Coin Purse by CottageCarries
#userfocus REI has very methodically cultivated "endless aisle" concept
And I look forward to every one!
Emilio Estevez got a chance to be 'Billy the Kid'...there is still hope for us all
In my case, I ended up getting wall spam every time the owner of the group posted to it, b/c the owner and I are friends.
there u go
Glad you love the burhnam and going to hold you to a visit to Atwood next time your in Chicago
“: Which Srixon golf ball do you rely on to get the job done on the course?” Srixon Z Star Tour Yellow
email them
I'm From The UK, You?x
I'm going to leave and then come back!
Bequeath - Empires of Zombies[Sprite band challenge]
oh i thought that was more like a 90 minute flight? guess it depends who you fly with.
Missed Scrubs tonight. Will have to watch it later. Hopefully no one died, like seems to be happening on all the shows I watch.
Dat ass, part VI
Cant take it when im gone
Valet checking in, gonna bring you some hard hitting rock over the next 3 hours. Sit back, relax and enjoy the show! WSUPFL.com
what a blast today ! bravo! bravo!
4 game series against philly. They can still tie it...but at least we didn't lose another
Ok i gotcha...Do u want to make them..shes my co owner..she makes them in a diffrent design then i do.
Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it
Sad Diavolina closed, bought my wedding shoes there back in the day, but now Madison is twice as big...
I'm about to go hard on this juicing
My stomach hurts So bad. :(
surprise! Happy Birthday from LevelUp and !
#10FactsAboutMe I get bored easily watching action movies
#thingsmenshouldnttextEachOther Put it in the hole...
I hate to let administrators think that they can do away with a paid position and have free labor from kids to replace it!
Sad Day For Hip Hop
Hope everyone has a great weekend.
lol we will kick dont trip
We need to start scheduling focus groups in the Christ Hospital Imaging Center.
If you were mine, I'd never let you go.
#pimpphases : get yo shit together to be on my team imma leave you alone if u just a dumb ass don't worry #we still friends
OMG OMG!!! followed me! ah! thank you so much!!(:
You have to tell yourself that just because one thing doesn't work out, it doesn't mean nothing will. Trust me <3
Do you end up reading a lot of MG stuff to keep up?
No rent til 2010! Come tour today!
RT : It is not just that children of gay couples shld have lesser protections than children of other couples in our state
Have a safe trip and a GREAT time Clark!!
RT : Chun: "Reality is a place to take pictures you can post on Facebook." "To be is to be updated."
same, you goin to lifting every day we have it ?
I'm not in the mood at all!!!!!
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
no ;) to early for sleep!
Wow. Our tax situation kind of sucks this year. Need to do a better job balancing it out next year.
Flight 480 from Seattle to San Diego has not been kind to or wedding party this morning. Inoperable planes dont help
Kudos to Father Pfleger for 5k reward for information leading to the arrest for the beaten of the Elderly Priest..Father Mallette
sounds like fun!
They are saying rain late today, kind of hard to believe actually, oh this desert living.
Cool panel abt Social Media w/ panelists fr 9News, Ft Collins Coloradoan, Denver Post & CU Independent.
Sometimes I forget about the recession, but then my package of Ramen noodles brings it all bach to me.
Thanks for the #storify demo! Very promising....
I guess I'll go out with my coworkers n have a drink
What and where is Kopps?!?
hw school going?
sorry do not know your language
Tonight we're at Southern Exposure in Columbia, SC. 'Pre-premiering' new piece by !
Id rather not listen to how hot you think some girl is
In my very limited exposure, I have decided that you would be THE best person to drink with and go on adventures. Hello!
Looking at photos I shot of Rookie at Mission Bay this weekend. What a well behaved, and fun puggle! Can't wait for Jen & Jay to see them!
We appreciate your follow & hope you visit. Our "Captain Kirk" chair (as one of our male customers put it) is very relaxing!
night bitches. fucking tired. hopefully that bitch doesnt come rummaging through the door like she usually does. smh fuck my life
The point to remember is that what the Government gives it must first take away.
Even when the NBA tries to make LeBron win, (0 fouls)... He can't. I'm sorry, but as much talent as he has, he just does. not. have. "IT".
Oh! Actually, I fixed James Joyce. Read down. Not that it makes much difference apparently...
Almost to 200 tweet
where was my invite! ?
Hahaha. #CBC. Duh. I keep doing that!
you need to tell me the exact dates and everything so I know :)
It's my prerogative ;-)
hi dad
Heading to base camp in April. Give me some tips based on your experience. Thanks Eric
#medlibs Anyone interested in virtually attending MIS business meeting in Seattle using G+ DM me.
Hey , we're outside! Let us in!
Wake up to see that have locked up to a long term deal. Best Monday news in a long time for Buccos fans.
Debate time!
download a few apps per week, watch some videos, skype some, take pictures and so on, not storing HD videos on the iPhone
": I'm LISTING & FOLLOWING the next 30 that follow ----> "done they have great tweets! I love !
i'm well Bri! what u up to today? : )
can you be a doctor for a few mins?
National chocolate chip day! Almost as fabulous as National Nutella day...almost.
Spending some time with my family....
Meh, I still wear white after Labor Day, just to piss people off.
yes, I was alluding to the after-period debate. but that's the past, lines between bullets is the vitriolic debate of the future
Love it
Frosting our red velvet cupcakes by hand and they're going down a conveyor belt very much like Willie Wonka! Next up, Caramel Blast.
I used adobe photoshop
'I wasnt poor i was po i couldnt afford the or' fuckin Big L man #np lifestyles of the poor & dangerous
Figure I might watch the second half, just to see the range of emotions.
#songthatchangedmylife famous last words
How many people know someone who has type 1 diabetes?
LEBRON needs to get a T!!! Come on REFS Grow Some and be fair. He argues every call!
Dan brought home mr j's bagel bites and I ate them... All of them.
It was in the couch and no one would listen to me >:/
Off to the event at - come join us! $2 in #aluminum cans!
Starting the Local Voices segment
Thank you so much for the kind words! it's amazing the work you guys are doing! Thank you! :)
I figure I might as well collect CDs while others collect vinyl. It's something different. Still, I collect both :) do you have
We're celebrating World Read Aloud Day with Rocket Learns to Read and sharing why reading is fun and important
Did Fox just cut to a video of #Danica going towards the Ladies' room? Give her privacy people!
Advocate Condell Patient, Doctors, Associates Celebrate Breast Imaging Accreditation By American College of Radiology
Wearing a long sleeved navy tee and jeans on an 80 degree day. Brilliant, asshat.
lol yea u need to go to sleep because this is not facebook lol
Loved the video. My fav part was the Magnum part, I hate when dudes walk around with that! We all know they're lying.
finally off...I'm about to recover fr =\
If you on my TL & You know u sexy gone head & RT this with yo bad self
Splendid! Coming by tonight?? RT : we have six girls, but I already got a hold of your VIP host by phone. Thank you!
omg. Yum.
found a user called @ sosexyerin thought u might have changed ur handle. Yeah, no, it's not u. I think.
What is changing?
If it's time for you to buy a new commercial vehicle, give #MelloyDodge a call at 888-760-4136 to speak to one of our sales professionals.
#Waxing is a method of semi-permanent hair removal that removes the hair from the root.
Kris Allen. So much better than his first album! :)
You have exactly the same kind as we do! Go to my fig preserve post!!! They are great gifts! You don't have to eat them.
Read a ton this week - bad week for anything else. Just started Bujold's Young Miles. Want pluck by osmosis
Looking for unique, adorable, inexpensive children's gifts? Stop into Watts and check out SUGARBOOGER! We now carry a huge assortment!
is looking for interns! Send resumes and times of availability to .
When I blog about it, I'll get it right! #twitterdoesntcount!
LMAO. A list of sexual fantasies per the Scope listed this one: Getting boned by ‘Darth Vader’ while dressed up like a Storm Trooper
We're on Weather Watch
New Alert Released
It'll be ok in the end. If it's not ok, then it's not the end. <3
If I get 70 followers by Saturday ill give all my followers a shoutout and a followback
Great fight on tonight
RT : I think it's part of the mystery of writing that the real great hands always conceal how they do it. – Anthony Powell
you two totally rule. jus sayn.
Nationals kick ass
What up twit world! Wiz opened the door for Pittsburgh, now Young Bravo is in a position to keep it open for for the Steel City
Aww, I remember when y'all met. We were at LOVE. Memories...so precious!
I always question what's on your mind....
she got her own thing !
Did the Long Beach Flea make your Sunday wrap up even more fun? Thanks for coming!
Thanks for the mention! We always enjoy your informative tweets. Submission Deadline tonight 11:59 PDT
The only limits in our life are those we impose on ourselves.
Lots to do tomorrow on my day off. Main goal for the day is to update my blog. I'm way past due.
r u okay aj it waz an accident big show did not mean to
Alec is havoc?
If you come to the Orlando Warped to see my friend I will personally buy you a snow cone.
I tried to be there for you. and where are you now?
#oomf is torturing me again with her music at least its not love in the club baby makin music...
The average weight of a Playboy playmate has increased by 1 lb since the 1960s, while the average height has increased by 2 inches
this week needs to go by fast so I can see you.
I want some shoes tho some Them 3stripeShoes
to I meant lol
at least he offers. Bitches around here expect dates first. So annoying.
even if your products were all marked down by 50% they are TOO EXPENSIVE!!!
Good wine needs space to roam. Get one or two good wine glasses to open up the flavor!
Erika wants to know when we r having lunch
I'm so happy Chaz is off voted off DWTS.
very sorry for the loss of your Dad.
We have added new functionality to the account product list page. You can now search, filter and page your products. Enjoy!
Just got to the lab..bout to make a weather inspired track with
I would love if the all jumped tami !!! Lol
I literally had bike thieves cut through my frame because my components were worth so much more than the bike itself.
I'm so good at nail biting that this garlic stuff I've been shellacking on lately has really grown on me. Keeps vampires away, too
Thank you for the K+. I still need to figure out how that all works too! :)
thanks ass
shanks cutie pie!
Author revenue from digital self-pub of personal backlist would be collateral damage of most likely failure mode of #bcltorphanworks schemes
If you had the opportunity to see someone perform at the Paramount, who would you choose?
Celsion Corp $CLSN closed a $15mm financing with leading life science institutional investors today
If my mom knew what kind daughter she has #aym <3))
Hey, how's it going?
Note to self: dont sneeze while taking a sip of a full cup of coffee....time to start cleaning.
Went to the Cup Finals and conference finals back-to-back years.
what about it?
Ok my Twitter feed is ahead of the game on TV. I predicted that Woodsen INT to my family and freaked them out.
Omg 's icon scared me!!! I slapped my phone so hard!!!
"A man who cannot weep has as much life as a pond without any water." ~ Elisha Hale
yeah rod just mad cuz me & you got something going on and he lonely...he old anyway...lmao
I will be celebrating Women's History Month by not being seen once barefoot in the kitchen.
No beach,bikini & beer for me. Spring break will be spent in full #thesis-resurrection mode: Planning & plotting wk of
Coworker:y isn't there anything to do today? Me: bc Louisville doesnt have anyone playing in the
Far Cry 3 looks fuggin live
#cil11 To learn more about board games, go to boardgameswithscott.com
foil wrap cotton soak with acetone is the best way to remove gel polish don't forget to buff off the top first
tay u aint gone stop till i <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC>ur ass
Recommended Reading - "Social Foundations of Thought and Actions: A Social Cognitive Theory" by Albert Bandura (1986) - One of the Best!
You know you're from #GatorCountry if your Jersey's are missing their sleeves.
Happy Birthday to my bro
Indeed. Such is capitalism.
New alarm clock has no snooze button. To turn off, u need to leave room and enter passcode. I know it works because I am on my 4th one....
Still laughing when Randy Jackson asked where the Arch was in St. Louis and it was right behind him on AI!
Burn notice
Agreed! RT : Have a great weekend friends! In the U.S. we're celebrating #MLK Day - What an inspiration and hero!
#10ThingsIWantToHappen 1: tour worldwide w/ my duo 1 day!! ;) speaking of: FOLLOW US! - new music comin soon!
Hey students! is hiring! see tweet!
Woot! RT : Want to #celebrate #women artists??? I know you do! Come out to tonight at the Moore Building
I saw the Weinermobile on 95. Didn't realize that it doubles as a tour bus. That's about all I have for today...
Yep....day off...its raining...got me some good food.....& watching The Surf's movie.. #DontJudgeMe ....lol
If I were to get a tattoo, I would so consider the ATL skull
#herworld You were great! Nspiring story of entrepeneur and phenom helping girls dream big
Hey if u see this and it says I don't follow u I'm really sorry I have to unfollow 100 people a day to meet 100 new people and promote
Thanks for following the show!
Maybe I'm imagining this, but the ferry to Larkspur seems way more nicer than the one to Vallejo.
Javier Mendoza's Latin Jazz Experiment performs 2 sets tonite and 2 sets for Cinco de Mayo tomorrow! The Bistro is going to be heating up!
good! Where is it at?
Hey Milwaukee! Stop by Pizza Shuttle before or after the concert. Get concert tickets from
Atlanta is my home town its the only place i love i Rep the #DirtySouth till i die !
I love shy guys(:
received your e-mail... when do you arrive?
We good, we get it, We love, where we headed. So we live, to regret it. But we don't ever care.
Top performers have 3X higher capabilities than peers, but there's still room for improvement - at
Don't give up yet.
haha I know right I'm never getting a brownie again
Trying to figure out how much of what you get from the Internet is really true. What do you think? 30%? More or less?
Interested in talking to Online Effectiveness Managers.....
Can I come to your happenin' party?
They've needed every bit of it... : Yes he has.
The inmates are running the asylum today, there could be giveaways
He got dem crane legs.
why don't u follow me? Dude not cool!
alright #crew96, weathergirl pulled off gorgeous weather. now its time for you to pull off a win
...you can see africa all up and thru my locs lolz weezy was deff talking about me in a milli "tougher than nigerian haaiir" ha
Hey Stinky followers, Today is National Tell a Story Day. What is your favorite story?? How about your favorite Stinky Story :)
lol a mess
Quick Business.. I have recently gotten access to some Denver Metro wholesale real estate deals. Please let me know if you'd like updates!
Early morning workout. Healthy breakfast. I'm feeling great today! #HappyHumpDay everyone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Forgetting your purse on your car rof and having it drop through your sunroof while you're driving....
thinking about learning a new language. What should it be?
Hands on: Android Market website improved, still lags AppBrain
"Once you end pay-to-play system" Are you referring to AYSO and youth club team soccer? Many people now getting rich from it.
Huge contingent from Marvin Elementary School here holding signs and bearind yellow T-shirts
Thanks for RTs :)
whats the good word? Is yesterday's "volunteer" practice showing its effect tonight?
OMG teachers be showing you the most corniest shit ever nd think it's koo smh lolx
It would start raining right after I washed my car :(
the story is messed up.
Hi thanks for the follow.
Does everybody hate Tuesdays like I do? Ug….
k he said wed 330
oh gosh how do you keep track of anything <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Looks like Kobe vs Lebron finals will never happen.
IM SCARED
Exercise of the day: Ball Wall Squat - The Ball Wall Squat is an effective in home lower body exercise that really engages your glutes,...
you awakee? Answer your text if you are ! I'm locked out my house. Keep me company lmao
as much as I'm enjoying this banter it makes me wonder y r we so wrapped up in other people's choices.
I see a baby boy in ur future! Relax don't try so hard-let go IT WILL HAPPEN! I've been right twice so far! lol... :)
time to go to work!
It's RAINING hard.
Things you never thought you would hear (or want to hear): Manny Parra & Kameron Loe have the 2 best ERAs on this team.
Keeping up with the #insanity and have two auditions today. Gotta stay in the game. Dig Deeper!
You can get deez bars too lol
Attended the open house tonight (formerly SSLA Studios). Fantastic job they did putting their new space together!
#Clippers get the dub in OT
Playwriting tip: It can be daunting trying to be the next Shakespeare. Try to be Moliere or O'Neill first, then work your way up.
First there was Playboy, then there were plenty others...and Playboy!
omg I look hella dark you can't even see me I look like last might and last night was dark lol
Can't believe Jermaine is getting kicked off
#fatpeoplenightmares Mcdonald's closing their door forever!!!!
Paul McCartney's new album is getting me through this paper. He still got it
Writers keep writing Singers keeps singing people keep dreaming their dreams U C in their eyes feelings inside R from words of songs U sing
After nearly 2yrs.I'll be back in the ring May 14th.Against Tommy Gunn for the STPW heavyweight title.I'm ready to let loose.
couldn't sleep and found you under aynrandbot followers. Great timeline! Thanks for posting. Adam
Packing for our Midwest tour! We're hitting St. Louis, Chicago, Grand Rapids, Cleveland, Columbus and Evansville. Shall we?
Promise only what you can deliver. Then deliver more than you promise. ~Author Unknown
#20factsaboutme 14) After a certain point, I never looked at the world the same again
Isn't it weird for someone else to suddenly take over getting the tickets though? he might get suspicious
haha just cleaning my room. how about you?
y didnt u ask me???
Soccer channel is on at our house right now!
we do! Be strong. They're idiots and wastes of our times. They'll never change.
The 'ta is quite a town!! RT Best set yet. In Wichita, of all places.
Playing tonight with Pistol Pete in Rockford. Tomorrow at Buddy Guy's for the Windy City Blues competition!
This year's #Fiesta #OysterBake logo looks like an Ed Hardy T-Shirt! Only about 2 years late to that party.
Thanks very much for the recommendation.
my dash is perfection right now, i am just reblogging everything !
Fast Facts: A metabolic disorder is any dysfunction that results in the loss of metabolic control of balance in the body.
thanks for the RT, all the best!
I want to leave for Chicago at 9:30 tomorrow morning. Not 8. Not 11. Com'on
Where can you get all 5 of our beers for $3 a pint? The Stoneyard in Brockport. Today and tomorrow. Great food too
Hall: Need to look at radical implications of school desegregation-bringing to light policy origins key to modern issues
Gross with no eggs!
Why am I the last to know that is pregnant ! Sad for me
i tried to tell him-anywho something is wrong bye
I think he exceeded expectations so far. I'm disappointed bcuz I thought he'd be dialed in for a contract year.
I love critism! Makes us a better person and stronger for the next one!
Oh Matthew, she's so beautiful! I hope you know you'll spend the rest of your life under her thumb ;-)
sapree in my sisters car listening to Vietnamese music lmfaoo!!
": Dancing with the Stars is kinda gay..." It might be but Donald Driver is on this season still so I'm still watching lol
At least We Did! Yay!
My Dads #1 rule up at his cabin. #1. No laying pipe after 9pm - Captains orders.
Good to know.
Kobe dapped up JT after that 3 on the wing last night :hat
Thanks. Hope you enjoyed your time at Singing Stone
I know; it seems things are getting more crazy each year. Part of it is parents obsessing about their kids...
I mean, I'd take that as a compliment
As the Fallen Rise is releasing their full length cd this weekend!!! Make sure you stop by their merch table at #Kylestock and pick it up!
My bed is empty without my baby :/
Still haven't seen it yet :( My friend got sick and didn't read for a long time. Hopefully next week. Can't wait to see it!
please dont tell me you went to bdubs...
First Of All I CAN DO WHAT THE FUCK I WANT ON THIS BITCH , I MADE THE PAGE SO THEREFORE I CAN WRITE WHAT THE FUCK I WANT!
RT IF YOU LOVE A CELEBRITY THAT DOESN'T EVEN KNOW THAT YOU EXIST.
“: BigBang" it up!!! Alive tour coming to USA soon. Creative Directed by ya girl LaurieAnn” DM me the schedule!
Hayes arguing that the staging of legal trials to interrogate extra-marital sexuality didn't stifle female agency but gave it space
yo I finally got on the tweets!
Literally wakin up, cup in hand ready type
Dont you dare snow Washington. Its not even Thanksgiving.
Great folks to follow! #FF Have a great weekend!!
Thank You Too :)
Omg all this paperwork is mind numbing need to rest my eyes and look at some sales ! ^_^
Did...did Justin Bieber die? And then tweet about it? RT swimmin with the fishes
Think left and think right and think low and think high
7-$10 Locks today on the table. Because of this late notice, get all 7 for only $20! Save $50. PayPal to
"I always feel so good when I come to GTWT, we all love being here, it takes away the stress I have at home" - GTWT Participant Liz, age 17
I know right?
You are just jealous that they are famous and you aren't... I care about them and so do a lot of people! >:(
thanks for feedback and support! I think would be a great opportunity to learn. I will follow up
Or lack thereof <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
hey...weird old twitter acct I tweeted to you from this morning, this is the one i use...what's new, you moved?!
#IHateToBreakItToYou , but you're awesome.
Prosecutors would agree to help him. Not now.
At the movies to see The Avengers. Successfully executed a chat-and-cut into very long line af getting popcorn. Very impressed with myself.
Love it when people motivate me to do better!! Seeing 40/40 right now #distraction are a thing of the past
We need some more facebook likes! Go like our page if you haven't already and tell your friends!
great question! sends #real-time data on #income & #expenses #cashflow reports to #endusers who use
I installed CyanogenMod on my Nook Color less than two months after getting it. I wish more hardware was as hackable.
Thanks for the follow.
When he understands my soccer problems. >>
Great class today. Was really tough getting back after 2 weeks off, but glad to be back. Looking forward to the Tues class.
RT The Corvettes @ Del Mar Lifeguard Dance Party Fundraiser: July 25, 2009 7PM-10PM, 1658 Coast Blvd Del Mar, Public Welcome!
Lakefront Living – A Great Party Barge For Your LakeThe Lake- party barges
no one deserves to be treated bad but some of these dealers are very incompetent and only worry about you tipping them
The Hive is not to be fukked with...
wow, you can really see Tyra's crazy eyes in that video. Its way past
Diplo Tonight ! Tonight should be poppin! HMU if you're in Vegas and you want to party! It's alway a good time!
:D oh and I saw your documentary. So cool & pretty!!
RT : Looks like we're also doing Man in The Box! Can't come to Seattle and not do some AIC :)
I think I'm addicted to naked pictures and talking about bitches that we almost had - Drake
Ohmygod. Club Penguin... Hahaha. I never had one but my friend showed me it once. LOL, no.
SHE took the leap and BUILT her wings on the way down---- CELEBRATE her DARING! #WALKTOTHEEDGE/LIFE'SGREATESTRISKISNOTTAKINGONE ;-)
Dislike Palmer Place
Great announcement for CrownPS
Hype Machine is the baddest new music adder to my repertoire.
I want a picture!
Happy Thanksgiving #Canada! Wish I was there to enjoy some turkey!
be so good they cant ignore you!!
Looks like I will be moving back to Oklahoma for a year. I'm getting my yoga teaching certificate and planting a garden on my parents farm.
Designing a new syllabus today on gender and science...
man it's great. Traveling all over. How have you been
#10MusiciansIWannaBang All 5 of One Direction, Tom DeLonge, Thom Yorke, Travis Barker, Andrew Belle, and Miles Kane.
Happy Birthday - Spinal Tap is my all time favorite movie.
Back to LA! Tucsons airport is so small.. Reminds me of the Bahamas. Your in and out in 10 mins.
Welcome new followers
it's a black one. D; I'm sorry. Ya still want it? Text my number bro.
Published YA/MG authors w/2012 bks! Sign up for 's Teen Author Reading Series Summer/Fall dates! Email gmail 4 info.
you've been super quiet/"distancing yourself" this week
Were open late Tonight & All weekend long Make an appt/ tweet us or just stop by 1738 Telegraph ave #Oakland #weave Full Male
Wow, hundreds of LA workers just entered Madison Capitol building & chants picked up dramatically. This protest is not de-escalating. #w ...
#ADHD & #ADD, if used to your advantage, can help you do amazing things.
NEUROLOGIC COMPONENTS OF HUMAN SEXUAL RESPONSE: EXCITEMENT - ...
lol haha ya know how I do, and yea I know u be avoidin me but I jus been workin and recordin ya know how dat go
Mary, thanks so much for following this project. Sincerely, Juan
I love your hair like that. It looks really cool. How long did it take you to do that?
It's funny how sometimes we miss somebody but when that somebody shows up, we just do nothing.
Hibbert block party!!!
Lejeune Marines, Afghan forces unleash Operation Reservoir Dogs ...
Those mormon dudes cursed us lmfao
Marlyn Johnson. I love you
all this talk of advertising in social...hands up if you WANT advertising invading your social interactions.
meeetting went well
“: Time to get my nerd on tonight so I can party tomorrow night lol #Imagoodstudent”
can't wait for my Pinot Noir to get here!
wait til j hard get in
Just signed up for a summer membership at the gym. Holy hot guy central! lol me and are gonna have some great eye candy ;)
BREAKING NEWS: President Obama has endorsed gay marriage. One small step for him and administration..one giant leap for mankind.
don't fall asleep
Playboy XM Radio Spice @ 10:30pm PST. Tonight, y'all. Call in. Tre, what's the number?
why dnt you call nd ask
You're very welcome Annette!
Nigga get back..you ain't got no money fa child support!! lol -Leinsa
lol it's goodnight for me!
#entrepreneurs looking to have an event in #RVA #NOVA #DMV #mustfollow for tips and tools for a successful event.
As I look over at the beauty laying next to me sleep, my only thoughts is that I am the luckiest man alive. Thank you God for my angel.
John Isner's first Davis Cup loss this year, ;-)
“: I love rugs, esp will you guys help decorate my love nest?” sure let's knw wat u like we we'l send you coupons
Nice Image!
I am so bummed
Oh good grief. Really? Theme weddings aren't cool. At all.
aw miss you too.... kinda..
can't wait for friday...buying tickets to their show next month.
I know it would benefit humanity if I jumped off a bridge but I'm not because I'm a jerk.
Yes! It seems that I've lost all of my reading time, this year.
thank u x
“: Why hello , let's see what ya got!” Right on! Check out our site, www.wearelux.com
The best thing about this upcoming weekend is: __________
Kobe's damn near bald
But I'd never thought about the etymology before you mentioned it!
Silence Would be better U nut! RT Love being home to hear & and a witty curtis earth song!!
watchin then #raw :D is my drug (: i cant believe steph slapped me lol i love cm punk
“Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
One thing I know for sure is you will never forget me and the great memories. Everything that I did I did for you.
Check out photos from CyberMaryland's debut at RSA 2012 on the CyberMaryland Facebook page!
Linkedin groups are a great place to plant web addresses. Try to join and participate in as many as match your industry.
Wishing everyone a pleasant productive Afternoon on this pre-weekend of "The Mothers".
It was so good tho omg
indeed! He was one of the greatest at expressing a "feeling" through the record!
I was at prom an this hoe came in with a damn bird nose.
Wonder what 2 celebs will be at Fetish Houston Thursday? Hm come to find out :)
Cocaine-fueled memorization binges.
You know, I'll tell you a secret - it isn't really difficult to understand the budget. Politicians kind of try to make it difficult. [1943]
I will try to attend. : Join #IntDesignerchat Today #Pinterest Tips for growing your design blog and biz.
George Carlin is the truth
We look forward to Clarence Smith (Jazz drummer and teacher) coming to give a clinic at an upcoming rehearsal.
Nominal data is basically Tickle Me Elmo.
If my calculations are correct, when this thing hits 88mph, your gonna see some serious shit.
Come check out our First Friday Booksale at 333 S. Michigan St. (behind the Main Library) on April 6th from 4-8pm.
thnx! need it for sure!
A man needs his space. Testosterone must fester. It begets its self.
I think I'm gonna go comfortable tomorrow! Shorts and a t-shirt... Not sure<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
At a funeral. One of the stained glass windows has flying baby heads...no bodies, just flying baby heads...
. drugs would help nugent; he eschews them. his mind could use some expanding beyond its prepubescent pillbox capacity.
Glad it's not bottoms up!
Slumber not in the tents of your fathers! The world is advancing. Advance with it! Mazzini
iloveyou<3 CONGATS!!! Justin bieber is an amazing guy he's so sweet kind funny ;3 he's my life:D JUSTINDREWBIEBER<3!.
BREAKING: BP announces all its products are now called "milk" #SOTU /via
When your parents notice you look thinner >
Not sure. Would be helpful though!
bill liked it
You got me lifted shifted higher than the cieling andd oh wee uts the ultimate feelingg :)
Delis now have Chipolte chicken to add to your sandwiches. I have completed lost my mind. LOL
": A hand-written note is a powerful motivator. It shows your heart in a way that's totally lost in email and Twitter.#elbook"
Excuse my black language ;p
Aw, the lucky one seems like a cute movie. Definitely going to see that!
ur first Top 3 homecoming to attend ??
Just had an awesome night with She is amazing...LOVE YOU
Grilled chicken!!! New grill seasoning mix ;)
I'm a volunteer. Have you been to our FB page? Jorn
RT Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood. T. S. ELIOT
Now, you cannot know if there is a deception unless you know the meaning behind the apparent design. For that, you need the math & geometry.
Without Facebook, truth would have no proof!
How about graphing favorite Justin Beiber or Miley Cyrus songs? Us sales numbers for research?
thats whats up you playing college?
I believe a wet dream about someone just means you want that person, but correct me if I'm mistaking
OKC is a love hate for me. They should still be the Sonics and this Seattle boy holds a grudge.
"Love is not what the mind thinks, but what the heart feels."
some app on my machine made an alert noise. I've no idea which one.
btw, former #Jets and #Cardinals DB is on Twitter. Was always helpful & friendly in my first few years on the beat.
That's right I was Mr.Handyman today.
Bout to hit up the pool with my girls!!
And one more thing:
Scotland yard softball wins 6 to 5
I can't get over how perfect your hair is
RT :I'd started having dreams where I could fly.
just wanted to say that you rocked the past Sunday. Knowledgable and entertaining.
Birdy City is getting psyched for the this week. See you there!
watching take ugly pictures of herself with my itouch
Successful morning at Paragraphs aviary. Indigo Bunting and common yellowthroat. Both having baths.
Preparing to record in October. Get excited!
aint no way...
I feel so fortunate to work for Bank of Albuquerque – I am on my way to paint at the Barrett Foundation emergency shelter with 10 other emp…
RT "You can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. ~Oprah Winfrey #quote" hell yeah baby :D
Guys, you gotta have confidence! Women would rather hear, “I made plans for us.” Instead of, “I don’t know, whatever you wanna do.”
Funny story: Shot photos and followed Wilsonville's Juhee Lee for a few holes today at district golf. She came up to me after and said ...
Come work over here and bring wifey;)
SECRETS DON'T MAKE FRIENDS
Super day at the Crafty Super Market!! Thanks to the folks at fabricate!!
Lori embroidered an amazing bee on a certain photo artist's Indy Mart jersey -- so real you want to bat it right offa there ;)
Just saw a Plano mom get arrested across street from my house, brought from around back in cuffs. 2nd cop walked out front door. Very odd.
Being a bandgeek and talking to my other bandgeek friends all night long on MSN messanger
“: slowly. Going to keep pushing tho! #stringy. #1000PushupChallenge.” it's a marathon not a sprint! U will kill it
Is toast
. is the center of the sports world. & -all going super deep in the playoffs. Fun to watch!
no excuses
Preparing to welcome all faculty and staff back to campus tomorrow...where did summer go?
two hot dogs ribs and corn
that new pic is badass! love it!
WOW! Congrats Hedonism! I guess you did SOMETHING right! lol!!!
already?? that went by so fast!!!
In Vegas baby!
u guys are awesome! Whenever I want a good laugh I watch ur show, and it never disappoints!!! Keep it up guys!!!:D
Just making a mess of the BCS.
Ah the mole wasn't real
it's been one of those off-school-mondays..wake up, eat breakfast and watch my favorite movies aaalll day long <3
I don't think even can make Khali look good!!
i thought you were at jenkintown - are you at basil's? if so, i'll correct. i'm a nazareth alumna!
Welcome and thanks Keep the good ideas flowing!
idk don't got money and ima spend time with my family today
Hmm...can't see my DMs, nor send right now, so maybe we all broke Twitter. Email me otherwise. Break over, back to talks...
Hearing about Citrix XenApp. Should I drink the kool-aid.
Decided to cash in those never taken lunch hrs and left work hr early for a park & blanket date with my guy. #Spring #Wheeeeeeee!
only fans can stop it. They believe it's what the fans want
"New York was his town and it always would be."
I can't wait!
My producer used to do some work for Atlantic Records but not anymore, he does it from his home. :)
I did. My mistake. I'm mostly a FB guy. You have been followed. :)
That's all we need, people drinking on their way to work.
Is there a petition I can sign somewhere to get 12 Horse in 12 pack cans? Let's do this guys.
dm would you be interested in a ground breaking story regarding an academic leap made eliminating most or all book costs?
in #onmymind by whenever he sings "give me the chance to love you" i wish he was singing that to me ...
GOODMORNING T ENJOY YOUR DAY
FIU play for the Sun Belt Conference title this Sat at 3:30pm. Mario could take them from an 0-12 season to SBC Champs in 4 years. Awesome.
dirty dancing : back when women were something special
this prodject is due in two weeks from now ill do it next weeks lol
Seriously considering moving just so I can be closer to a #Starbucks!
WSU Regents approve design for new Northside Residence Hall - Will be b/w Regents & Streit-Perham across from Track
Worst grades everr
thanks man!
I hate when boys realize their cute...and they're dumb cocky because of it. </3
Actors in class should get more fired up for their fellow artists work and wins then they do watching a football game!
Fingers crossed! Get it get it get it :)
love this...something similar happened in Austin last year...so interesting.
Eminem- no apology
I'll never look at my cats the same way again.
Momento are *giving away* a top of the range MacBook Air to celebrate the launch of v2.0! RT & Follow momentoapp.com via
Right, the problem is though it would be hard to tell people what to expect without an iilegal call to action.
just got a twitter. If you're not following him, you're missing out in life. Follow him
Eat breakfast to get slim. It normailzes blood sugar levels so you are less hungry during the day.
Virtualizing OS X for the first time.... It'll be nice to be able to test installs without clobbering my system
Happy Birthday to you too!! Happy to share our share our special day with you!! Enjoy!
wish I could go back in time about a week - deadlines blah
After Hurricane Irene, we are back in full swing!
Happy Birthday Michelle Obama, Muhammad Ali, and Betty White! What a line-up.
Hey West Coast... hope you're all getting your #smash on!
thank you.
I've split my soul into several horcruxes!
asks : "where does personalization interact with privacy?"
Lmao i actually thought i liked you but fuck that now.
I hope it's a one!
Green chile cheeseburger :)
I was thinking that we can have the #meetup on the 16.
It's bad when first on my list of things to do is catch up on my #drawsomethings, right?
went four wheeling with the Twinn. Muddy. As. Fuck. Hahaaa
hm. I sort of hear u. 140 characters isn't enough for a philosophical discussion.
Good game vandy... On to the big dance.
really? i told i planned on meeting him then running away.
Lives and learns
I think it's a mac 'n cheese night!
Launch ur assault now!!!
Monday #Marketing Tip: Do your customers know what makes your #dealership different? Make sure they learn as soon as they walk in the door!
The problem with reality is there no freakin background music!
Today included,lunch,oberhoffer,cocktails,features,candlebox,Edward sharpe,old crow medicine show, n Mumford & Sons to cap it off
Natural is beautiful
You take me :\ haha
: now that sounds like fun!
A little oovoo sesh before bed was exactly what I needed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
I keep telling myself its not closing! lol...We're overdue for peach wave btw.What r you guys doing for your dads bday?
Come check out our website for SPECIAL PACKAGE DEALS and virtual tours of our beautiful hotel! www.yachtharborhotel.com :)
We checked out the song & we feel like we have a spot to place it in the film! E-mail us @
I'm not gonna lie #oomf is hella cute ;x
People of the digital world, I won tickets to see in Pomona 2mrw. Now, who is going to be my plus 1? :)
Mahalo to everyone who came out to support us at the air permit hearing last night, together we can build a better future
Thx for the mention in Human Resources News Daily!
a Pisces. That's the best sign. They are feelers and lovers. Find a guy with that sign :) we also make the best friends
nasty nasty nasty
“: Hear there's a show this weekend. Where and when??” GEMINI Is playing at 10:00PM 's Tavern in Westfield
And how many Stanley Cups have the guppies brought home
awww okay well in my high school life sleepin is a created hobby
always a pleasure! #onecapella!! ;)
RT : SEC Media Days are here, which means the start of college football.
adaptation is a system-level process, not an event-level decision - so system must support rules based on context
My name is Rick Perry, and I'm running for Dickhead.
I am drinking coffee too! And I am watcing Ninja Warrior!
Movie goers, go out and watch Hugo an excellent movie for the young & adults. You will love this show.
being rude will get you no where in life so you back off!please&frankly I dont care what you have to say <3
You are a trip.
the miz sucks and jmo is gone, silly ;)
oh lol I was blunted staring at that pic stumped AF
#howardstern has officially jumped the shark being a judge on
Karma handles revenge better than I would...
Man, fuck everyone else. It's just me and you against the world.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Was also glad to see on today's
babe, wanna Skype with me?
So. Tru. Also, who feels bad for Edith? Answer: No one
Can't help but love I'm 26 and I still relate to the girl.
Her name is Philippa, her nickname is Pippa, kind of how Henry's nickname is Harry
Welcome to my twitterverse ! Hope you have a great summer!
AYE I RECORDED ABDC. I SHALL WATCH IT EVERYDAY NOW C:
Mr. Bob Dobolina...(cc: ) RT : Bob Apodaca is a great name. Reminds me of Bob Dobolina
Why are they cutting the nets? Seems like that should be for the champ or the final 4. No wonder tuition costs are so high.
Stuntin is a habit..GET LIKE ME. <U+E00E>
hahaha, I get it!
The best things in life are not things.. They're acts. Whether it be acts of kindness, comedy acts, or sex acts.
Hey you dang woodchucks. Quit chucking my wood!
people really don't like defining things
I hate fuckin customers
Who is bringing the "hurricanes" and "dark and stormy's"?
haha sucker!! :P
Busy day at work! Tired.
Thanks so much for the retweets! <U+2665>
oh! Ha. I thought you meant you were also flying out of Baton Rouge.
Yepper! We just traded up from Central. Total yay!
I have returned from this Foo Fighters doc to let you know that there is footage of Bob Mould singing backup and it is fancy.
you sang Weightless like a boss tonight ;P glad I asked you so sing it
Happy Thanksgving Everybody Have An Good One :D
was great talking with you man! Stay in touch. -Adam
I leave Twitter then get back on to hear Craig Owens is back with Chiodos! :')
Let our aim be a way of life not diametrically opposed to, but better than that of the mob. - Seneca.
i was literally screaming on the top of my lungs when you guys where performing i love you guys:) FOLLOW PLEASE? 3
I made an A in English 2322 :'D
no, that doesn't mean that. You have to keep at it. You aren't always right for certain roles. Don't give up! (:
I know that feeling. But you gotta believe!
HA!! HA!!.... YEAH! can't TRUST NO ONE... not even TWITTERS WORD..... lol
#myworldmemories when Justin and Jaden sang never say never :) in san Jose
Changes in Latitude - Casual Living
Jalin Marshall didn't even give michigan time to "cool" on him
checking in on this thing.......doug
My mom overplays the song "brighter then the sun"
I try and trust all of the story ideas that happen when doing those household chores.
Ugh. Courtney. You are a horrible person. Karma's a bitch. And you are too.
Apparently the secret service isn't so secret...
Retweet if your still up !!
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.—Wernher von Braun
Oh look it's The Shins who *aren't* from here
**newsflash** is Micheal Jackson BAD!! Now back to NFL!
Happy Independence Day! I'm so thankful for all the men who fought for our country way bck when!
I LOVE SOO MUCH HE'S SOO CUTE AND FUNNY.. CANT LEAVE OUT CA$H I LOVE YOU TO *BLOWS A KISS* :)
On vacation in Seattle, but can't get my body off of EST. Am awake in the wee hours of the morning.
need to talk business with you, follow me!
This is why were together. Your the best RT : No kids no stretch marks
Congrats to and whole crew on #MiddleOfNowhere I hear you got picked up!
Children change the way we live. So choose wisely. Stuffits will start to take over your life quickly as you may see.
Thank you. I'm following you.
On your own timing, with your own rules as usual....lol. Love ya!
Preparations for the 2nd Annual Winter Film Awards have officially begun!!!
Sometimes I listen to Austin's KGSR because I miss the Thunderclouds Sub jingle.
sorry you had to learn the truth monica
You tweet like a teenager texts.
oh how I love getting migranes while I'm working.
Who on da drive?
love it
Wack plains with
great seeing the bats heat up tonight!!
Xavier-KSU. Was. Epic. Wanted Jordan Crawford to hit the Elite Eight tho & guarantee a 6 or below seed would make Final Four
Well All I Can Say Is Today Was Another Days Journey And I`Am Glad About It
I don't care if we talk about nothing I just want to talk to you.<U+2665> ( i love you E.S )
Just finished shooting Monday's Material Insights ... Frank headed 2 Germany (K) ths wknd.
ohkay I will
you should write a song about Frida Kahlo, since you already wrote one for Van Gogh and Galileo
...straight from google and if so how??
The highest proof of virtue is to possess boundless power without abusing it. -Lord Macaulay.
Been saying this 4 a long time: "KFI must permanently remove John and Ken from the air. Los Angeles deserves better."
#WhenAustin asked his mom if she was pregnant on Ustream. Michele: "Come here I have something to tell you!" Austin: "Are you pregnant?" LOL
Thanks man. I try.
4.0 this quarter of course but not gettin off to a good start w/ starting this paper at 2:20 n tha morning
DUSS huge slaps on ask again getting ready to make EOD push IMO!!!
Nissan is the worst car dealership to do business with. I am outraged!!!!!!!!!!!!
you are the best NeNe. You got your shit together loving it<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
X going to win, but Lehigh is doing what many fb coaches cannot do...Milk the clock.
It'll be nice to not have to worry about playing the Nationals again until the playoffs.
#WhenILookAtYourAvi I wonder why you think guys don't think highly of you when it's nothing but your tits.
As the music booms from below, I must prepare to hit the road.
looking forward to answers for this question!
I can never find Jordans in a size 14 in Austin...
Every day that ends in "y" RT So, when's Ugly Christmas Sweater Day?
#Kyle #Turris listed as week to week for
that meeting sounds delicious!
That's not the way to look at it. But being traditional isn't a bad thing.
Didn't get to see the game. Sounds like Miller would've been better off launching a 3...another one of his new tendencies.
Going into the bathroom after someone just showered feels like entering the rainforest.
RT : Looking forward to seeing some docs in progress tonight courtesy of for
If only my parents would drive 45 minutes so i could come see you... :/
100% clear focus, deadlines, and a smoothie LOL<----what flavor? I'm all about productivity!
You should ask on the SMBSD Facebook page
Part 3 of 3 on adoption of BI: Buy-in and acceptance of what will be measured and presented to the managers.
wanna play @ the orphanage???? contact Spoon @ 773-807-5157 for music booking. thanks
ruben already has a iron man helmet!
Up editing man I'm hungry and I'm ready too show all
You need to overcome your zombie fear and join us.
The thuggery on the las vegas streets is mind boggeling....smh
That ghost is Freddy. And he's upset you messed with his closet.
RT : Don't forget to turn your clocks forward one hour! SPRING FORWARD!!!
LOL, so true. So true.
Busy day got a lot on my plate today.
Emma!! That was my only twitter kiss on national kiss day!! lol, thanks!!! :) happy saturday!!
I am!
I love this life I get the honor to live. Thank u Lord.
Today, 80% of colleges and universities are located in metropolitan areas
THE WORST!!
smh.... To early in the mornings...
Ok, I admit it, I take Performance Enhancing Drugs. They are Diet Dr. Pepper, poppy seed bagels, and V. Often all at the same time.
He squeeze it and he can tell how it feel
Hey yall there will be information meetings in the urec classroom at 7 on Wednesday and Thursday. Try and make it out
On March 30th the documentary Bully comes out. It's rated R but even if you are under 17, DEMAND to see this film.
just getting my roger brown on aka HH 15 U HYPE MAN through twitter
#DerekJeter is spending 2012 just giving age the middle finger!
Definitely worth reading if yr interested. It's well done, but he doesn't have nice things to say about pretty much anyone.
Family get-together.... Fun.
Missing my bed right about now..
Yay, breakfast with a friend who I haven't seen all month and miss way too much!
Not too bad, it got me on the wrist area.
Everybody in the #DMV should be following by now #thatboygood go download his new mixtape its a classic
Awesome mograph by Fraser Davidson for Bill Maher's new book. (via )
I know... You have to show me Alaska and the whales. This is going to be a summer to remember.
I have a yolo tattoo, does that mean Im a hoe?
Nothing feels better than a nice hot shower after a freezing cold softball game.
Sunday, March 18 2:04pm Sacramento: It's Hailing!
*Getting to the money*
This is an EDD form, so I need to send you to EDD. You can tweet them at
I will be attending #OAH2012 in Milwaukee this weekend. Any recommendations? Am daunted by so many sessions requiring special RSVP
#iGot99Problems and they all bitches
Have any of y'all 'borrowed' your parents car before you were 16?
do your thing ... been riding bikes, the baby feel asleep, qtpie freaked out. time to get her mind right
i shall acompany you!!
RT lock me in << FETISH HOUSTON ? GOT YOU
The cheating, diving, feigning injury and other assorted misdeeds in #elclasico produce a awful "ad" for the sport.
I explained to an incredulous Texan why some people drink espresso: "It's like the difference between beer and whiskey," I said. She got it.
not going to the tap takeover?
Last chance to see Evocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie at Tribeca is this Friday at 5:30pm. Come one. Come all.
I'm a barbie girl , in a barbie world , <U+2665> ^.^
Hi, i am so sorry, I was hacked. I'll change my password
ok we are going to walmart and acct goofy like were thongs around the store nd more...!!!Im crazy
awesome and you can checking for everything & anything so checking everyday so you can get a new #HungerGameSticker yo lol
Coming Soon: Tweets from Richard Price: Dissenter, Welshman, Revolutionary, Republican Radical
Welcome to #PackerNation we are excited to have you!
Seahawks are gonna party like it's 19...2009
I've said it before and I'll say it again, I'm always willing to bring you food for our rehearsals. It's the least I can do.
Thanks! We're looking for volunteers to host children's book drives across the country this spring. Would you like to lead one?
Check out 's new track "turn it up" by Young Siic via #soundcloud soundcloud.com/young-siic/06......
Someone call security.
Cause boo the bank was closed when I was going to deposit it into my account so this morning when I went to do it my sh was gone!
There's always a spot in my heart that will be yours:/
You don't need much extra room--there's less free swag at SLA than at ALA, in my experience.
Me! Me! Well, I was a teenager, but I loved it.
that's ok. If my doctor don't release me I might not be able to attend the concert.
Thanks! I just checked my jeans, I'm safe!
im good im gucci. You still around?
One of the best interviews of a sports figure (or anyone else for that matter) that I've ever seen/heard
Really looking forward to some day trips to Chicago this summer.
Side note... Curtis Stone is the best thing to happen to since ...
Time zone is so stupid , whenever Austin's sleeping , I'm awake but when I'm sleeping , Austin's awake -.-
Listening to The Game 'The Documentary'
I agree So now I'm in the I'm tryna get over you stage, which I'm not so well at
i'm in desperate need of a life
We agree! #butwhatwouldAnnaDo? RT : To be fair, should probably be renamed BeardCon.
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action
I swear every woman in here is a barista.
": RT : I'm listening to #jackwhite & the amazing all day." That's EVERYDAY! lp
21+ deserve somewhere NEW to party in DC SATURDAY @ TEATRO 1909 K St. NW email w/ FULL NAME & Teatro as Subject
I want a rainbow swirl icecream cone. Are those even real?
it would be pretty punk but speaking from dental surgery experience, ain't gonna happen
Perfect night for a wander on the High Line...
Thank you for the Follow Friday - We're all about #software #quality #Agile #Dev #QA #testing #IT career advice
Mention this post on Twitter for a FREE DUI Case Review and Consultation - Call 1-866-No-No-DUI for more info!
That's the most convenient. Call me later this morning, I'd love to hear you plans.
I dont have a simple life, therefore i have to strive to accomplish what i desire.
Boehner on CSPAN is a lying sack of shit.
yes, I do know! So yummy, piece after diet-busting piece.
Aww! Thank you! RT Thanks for following me! Great music btw!!! <3
Tonight, the world will begin to change. It might take you a while to notice.
Just realized I was half and half tonite - sorry for confusion!
I hate when my party can't start cuz Ke$ha didn't walk in! #Ke$ha
Thanks for the follow! Best of luck winding down the semester!
I love you boo boo :)
Please Join Beaming Stars Community Center on Facebook!!!
Princeton Review says Smith College dorms are #3 most like palaces. This bar must be way low.
RT : Thanks to for posting all 17 R's of Mobile Marketing, missed a few in the lightning speed presentation...
Please don't be in love with someone else, please don't have somebody waiting on you..
that girls bio screams "call me a hipster" lolol
Hey #Hoosiers the whole UK team and #BBN says
Work Bound Like A Muhfucka!
Damn lol RT : Boy please stop tryna holla we all know u gay
did you download a twitter app on your iPad yet? I think your first tweets are pretty good!
It certainly had a unique odour. They could bottle & sell it in the college shop as 'Eau de UCL.'
RT : High tweet vol warning for next 3.5 hours... Social Media Success Summit
Please Follow .! It's Her Birthday And It Would Be AMAZING If You Follow.(:<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
What would you're economic recovery program for the USA be (besides the first step of Richard's head on a pike)?
Want to know whose hiring? Get direct answers to your work related questions? Follow us on twitter!
I'm willing to go up to $1k. Do work.
(1/6) Failure to raise/dedicate state revenue are politicians and voters fault. Not that of non-political employees including this one.
If you're surprised you made it this far, you don't deserve to be here.
But no one thought I would make it this far on my own. Guess I'm doing something right
830 LIKES!! Keep'em Coming Everyone! Thank you!
y u so ugly for.
when coaches choose kids by name not by ability
Great idea! Also, love your website. Lots of tasty ideas on there. I'll let you know the slice of the day ASAP!
thanks so much for joining us! :-)
"My phone died." "It's a sign to get off your Blackberry & study for finals!"
Dam got fight lastnite shit so crazy it's all good !!!!!
Yeah, I should just borrow ur formula. We could have dueling Mug Mondays!
Philanthropist Gerry Lenfest commits $150,000 to This will help Philly kids learn important skills they will own forever.
lookin' good! That braid is a nice touch MT: " these make one badass...pic.twitter.com/4X34u7jX"
cool right dude, a tan, right?
your tweets are so inspirational
Such nice boys We had a great time opening for them at a show here in the states....hope they come back. :D xoxogno
Welcome back Hoyas! Hope everyone had a nice spring break. Lots of h.Ideas in the works for the rest of the semester.
#1year since you followed me
lol I broke her collar bone O: so yeah
I'm inviting so much people to my grad party >_< everyone CFES orientated is invited
:D for where?!
Promise you'll think of me every time you look up in the sky and see a star cause I'm a space bound rocket ship; and your hearts the moon.
time to cram for my midterm tonight followed by a quiz....why my prof scheduled them both for the same time, i have no idea....
Happy Chinese New Year-Year of the Dragon ! #alamw12 #libraries /wk
Hey #coachella #weekend1peeps did #radiohead play anything off "the bends?"
See you at at 2pm today! Excited to meet you IRL!
happy mothers day!
Forgot how much I love the energy of networking and development events. Living the Vibe at
This seems a tad unethical, Sarah.
I hope they locked down neighborhoods around us and everything. Were fucked.
Loving this off season NFL action. Helps fill the void.
Good luck! Look forward to further reporting.
I did*
Day 1 of being back on the health wagon. C25K Day 1 with Pita (she's nuts) for a 2.25 mile session. See if I can get down to 180 lbs by 9/1
Maestro enjoys serving our clients - today we spent time brainstorming with a client on a new video and elearning campaign for sales reps.
e messing up ! ha well maybe we'll bump into you guys <U+263A>
but my stomach is hella wishy washy at work & its highly annoying
About to take this Exam.. Leh Go!
#MixedRaceProblems , They Expect me To Eat High Expensive Food, Fancy Steak, Sparkling Wine,Top Of The Line Food, Cuz I'm half White-_-
ok I'm checking with the boys RT : what ever time is best for y'all boys.
you'll have fun though plus you'll get easy good grades!
Late night SSL sesh in nyc, now back off to the Y.O. to get some Fuckin sleep.
You know it! But actually it was his idea.
Watching American History X Hit me the fuck up!
Totally agree Joe. Festivals are only as good as what the filmmaker makes of them.
I hate that I didn't go to the Watch The Throne Tour...I was at work, which was two minutes away from them...
There's nothing better than a lady who supports her man being... A MAN! Big DOM salute to you!
Yup. Still have to print some stuff, but content is done for everything except this one last paper...
the movie one?
Thanks for thee follow back (:
whoops well, i blame it on then.
I'm sorry I missed our Friday HH rendezvous. Was apartment hunting. Btw I failed.
Portly Jane Hoya at Saxbys: it's hard not to get food.
This was such a good weekend. Stress free and fun up until now. Hello homework.
very much agree, its nice to see
Did you realize that the average adult's attention span is about 20 minutes? Keep your audience engaged with more multimedia!
Thinking of all my sorority sisters today! Congrats to Pledge Class 2012! x
Thanks, good to know.
Made it to Day1 of #bikramyoga today! Noticed my heart is the first muscle to retrain. Goal was to stay calm, stay in the room. Did it, too.
Since when is coming in second place making history? Oh, Monsters, you make me laugh.
It's a shitty weekend if your a fan of any Wisconsin sports. Badgers-Bucks-Brewers all lost in bad fashion......
thanks!! Go black and gold!
true, but I wouldn't be caught dead wearing that shit
thinking about you man. Have an amazing race. Go kill it!
"I've always argued that it is just as desirable, just as possible, to have philosopher plumbers as philosopher kings." -Edith Green
its only April..lol we all know which NY team will have a better record in Sept....cough not the Mets...cough...
I have a massive stress headache... clearly I hope it's over soon.
are you located in the uptown or CBD area?
Playing The White House () tonight with
This weather is amazing
Stop. Consciously relax the crown of your head. Breathe. What do you notice?
What time is it?
RT Just signed up for the event in Atlanta. Can't wait to see present.
hey! i'm the fella that's up in duluth for a month to learn/produce as much as possible (posted a few times on pdd).
Defense is going to bring us back!
#WeWereCoolUntil we cried at the end of an episode of
very nice
my new follower mentioned you. You appear to give really good follow ;-)
Okay, I'll get it right this time. SO so so so excited for new tonight. On now! Love the Bravermans.
Your #FF love is really appreciated.
that's a very useful sample size. You should get a research fellowship at MIT.
FB RT: Today in HIStory: “Bad” hits #1 on Billboard’s Hot 100 chart.
Little angel with the bottle I don't love you anymore yeah I spent some time out with devil but you don't hurt me anymore.-BCB
split an eighth of shrooms just so i can see the universe.
hahaha yay!!! that makes me happy! i was like geez that's far away!
sorry.....was trying to find out where tony v was at....and your call came in just as i was making the contact in sweden
For updates on the progress of the Britten Thematic Catalogue follow us
Walked in to work to find a pile of Girl Scout cookie boxes on my desk. Yup, it's a good morning.
Best three words to ever see when tracking a package: "Out for delivery"
#WhenIWas13 i wanted to go to concerts and my mom couldn't afford it so now that i am a parent i am taking my kids to all the shows!
Follow our friends!
#YouGetPointsIf you snowboard
Demand-driven acquisitions and e-books, and why DDA is a totes awesome way to acquire e-books. Totes!
Hope everyone has a safe #Brewers opening day while enjoying #craftbeerandfood CHEERS!
Don't waste your time on me, you're already the voice inside my head (I miss you)
when #biking in Holland, you use your bell. When biking in Bmore City, a middle finger seems to be of more use.
My acount was hacked, its fixed now...sorry for the 8mil. Weight loss messages!
Just perused through the USC alumni newsletter... Who knew Matthew Weiner is a Trojan?! Fight on.
It's THIS Friday, 7/14 at Argo tea @ Adams & Dearborn in Chicago - hope to see you there!
Congrats to UD fball on their season opening win 2night over Augustana(IL)! Definitely one of the biggest wins in recent program history!!!
I gotcha.
Quote of the day: Believe in yourself, others will follow. #GoodMorning Tweeties :)
Happy new year gurl!
Last week: totaled my Magnum running into a cop. Nice! Today: bought a fine machine. My basses will love it.
Today's 5 Bites...love athletes who love food!
me and you share the same name :)
I hate making returns, its one of the reasons I haven't shopped online for clothes in ages.
I was a civil war drummer in a past life.
Just waking up, Shoutout to
ha about to say do I know u lol. But yea it's watev ig. And yea we should tlk
Too much French for one night...
Directed by the late great Sidney Lumet
we had to cancel it
pallin' around with terrorists...not so much.
FREE. oh god. its worse than i thought. mass coverup. even hardened spooks freaking. maybdeadsoon
We are just down the road from you in Huntingdon PA. We will wave hi if we drive past Penn State.
you are welcome, enjoy the beer, cheers!
finally saw #ToyStory2 thanks to #Channel5, loved the endcredit outtakes!
Trying frantically to finish up federal grant and pack to go to Orlando for
#TeamUSA all the way. BYE WENDY ! I'm proud of them although its a television show. You can never find friends like that. :-)
hopefully my video coming soon!
that is really funny. #realchangenot smokeandbombs
is wondering when the plumber who promised to be here by 2 will arrive (it’s now 2:30).
not at all. I don't argue with ppl that think they know me n who I am. These are just tweets n its just twitter!!!
Although in their defense... hockey basically. never. ends.
Tonight at 10 pm check out ABC’s ! Our very own and their famous pastrami sandwich will be featured!
Thank you for the RT!
Thanks for following. How can we start building a business relationship?
Brett Favre is a Viking!!
I want coreanos. Please get up. Lolol
Thomas Mann~ It is love not reason that is stronger than death.
Serious research questions this morning! YAY! Using the extensively.
Where do you have the #Hoyas in your bracket?
Searching for ideas to motivate my students for their #APUSH exam. Any suggestions?
I'm happy to have held'em to a field goal! Letd go Matt! Last chance!
What Up Big Brah!
Do you still need me to drive friday night or is there enough coverage with blyche and michelle
Thx Saud I hope I have fun
the round green fox waslked over the boring dog.
Yay for good parenting -_-" I'm sure you would at least get your child some breakfast food. Yet y'all fuckers complain that I'm too skinny.
Watching GI Joe in a theater all by myself. I am tje only one here!
More SleepIssues underway.
RT : Man robs bank armed with glue gun. “Now, THIS is a stick up!” #dumbestjokeever ME: I don't know why I find this so funny
actually JUST said "Swagalize, hm, is that an antonym?" HAhaAAA WHAAA?!?!! o_0
Yesterday was the 97th 35-5-5 gm of LeBron's career, tops among active players. (Kobe has 78, T-Mac 63, Wade 39.)
Emails went out last night to those who requested to be featured on the front page.
: My protest: Boycott baseball. Let's go Chicago Sky! 1st game at Washington on Sat.
I love you too, :) (And thanks both!)
then i was like "Maybe" . and she said " wow" then i was like is yo childsih ass finish and she was like i guess so.
do they know you are making them coconspiritors?
anytime you know ima be here for you tricc
That movie had two very simple morals1) Wash your hands and don't touch dirty things2) Don't eat food from China
Think it's time to look for someone special and actually have a decent relationship for once
We leave for ' annual meeting a week from tomorrow. Will you be there? Come by and say hello!
All the can brag about today is the bullpen pitched well
It is a painful thing to look at your own trouble and know that you yourself and no one else has made it. -Sophocles
I got hit so hard it knocked my pee into a bag.
Killer day to b unemployed! Unmistakably hot out.
When is it?? I hope it wasn't today lol
Hi! Our Wednesday is pretty awesome...how is yours?
and are soo cute together.
Roman Reloaded ,Roman Revenge, Woo Hoo ,Monster ,Starships, whip it
RT Im mad The whole world is goin hard 4 Trayvon n his slave ass mama gon get on TV n say it was an 'accident'.I cld slap her to the ground
Payout Music #Cincinnati what's good. Its real we comin
Also disagree that publicly supporting gay marriage is synonymous w/ ending DADT. Both big deals, but very different outcomes.
Hiya Tim! did ya get my message?
Im working on a new song. It is a remake of eyesuponus - savor the moment. Look it up on the net.
Praise the Lord...Rest up...kirk ...you've earned it.
Omg I forgot about that
And same to you
It never fails. I get into the station just as a train is *leaving* the station.
No need to pay for $9 ginger ales at karaoke tonight. Staying home to cook myself dinner and watch Mad Men. Nice and quiet.
almost done(:
thank you for coming to Louisville
Love it! RT ": At one time, the main ingredient in Coca-Cola was Pepsi."
Attack is only one half of the art of boxing. Georges Carpentier
my mind has melted from all this moving during these hot days.
When you know that you're coming this way, please call and ask for Pete. I have a possibility for you.....
going to bed. Having a long week this week. Got a lot on my mind...
16boyz 8 i would walk my ass down to Englishtown and kiss Madison. yep. IB- Mikey <U+E32A>
I love when ppl ask u to help them move and they fail to mention that they live on the 5 th floor without an elevator
Good thing you’re there with them for protection—in case it escalates! ;-)
Great YoPro in Print event at Bolger this morning. Thanks to dik, Charley, and Bryan Bolger for opening your doors!
have him in for a beer, play some Madden & ask him how much Browns fans would need to put 2gether 4 him to retire a Brown
RT : 3 buses and 3 vehicles leaving from FMU Monday heading to Sanford,FL to rally for Trayvon Martin
#IcantTrustYouIf I tell you "I love you!" & you struggle to say anything back. It took me alot of courage to say that to you ASSHOLE!
#Jeter bad play
Awesome! Go you! RT : @)-)-)-)-- Hi! I saw 2 1/4 abs on myselftoday after all these years. Hope all is well...
Just munched a 'Pink egg' road goodie worth 2 points!
De body fine! Lol
Oh, has your paper on Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis not been published yet? LOL!
LOL I also don't have internet access on my phone. We should be studied.
I agree, but he's been much better in the last two games.
..good or bad. So now I'm using a rudimentary hand replayer and calculating my equity by hand at end of day. My sanity quickly returned.
Memphis in the Big East. I love it!
The first nuggets or thoughts of the day are crucial SO i suggest you deposit at least 1 or 2 positive things right?
you must do to make sure bread is kosher? Answer: Treat the bread factory workers well. Right there in scripture.
Starting BookPals! Can't wait to give back. If you'd like to read to underprivileged children in LA check out BookPals @ SAG Foundation!
I am! in May and in Oct makes for a great running season in Columbus!
too late, fag boy
thinks that cutting coupons along the lines makes him a better person
Experience is by industry achieved, And perfected by the swift course of time. William Shakespeare
Thanks so much! If we don't do it, who will, right?
I love Col†on Dixon with all my heart.. <U+2665>
lmaaaooo your too funny
I must be older...will never root for anything DC
Not only should your links use keyword anchor text, but the text around the links should also be related to your keywords
It was a true pleasure to meet you - I learned a ton! Thanks for coming to #ICNY. Hope to see you again soon!
3rd & last day of conference in #Rome. Looking forward to 2 extra days to explore.
About to enter Argento splendor with first of many 35mm screenings. CRYSTAL PLUMAGE for the first time tonight
crazy here Joe it's been 4 months!! Let's definitely catch up!!! Back in a couple of weeks :) can't wait to hear ur stories!!
hey lady...how ya been? hows the kindle treating ya?
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay The "p" word just because it sounds yucky!
Comin up right now, you have your evening dose of everything funny with the Doc! Tune in now and learn how you can win some awesome prizes!
For real? I am sorry if that is so, Cliff.
I'm sorry but no one has answered me back. I'm just thinking of going in uniform and bringing a pair of jeans & the art tshirt!
past lovers?
Me too. One hit and destroyed my house when I was a kid. It traumatized me for life.
The longer version of the name is Yoruba. (My name is so long as it is. But also could be Luo (Kenya).
You're a faggot, David.
#NP It's like the more money we come across the more brothas we see... Lol
- No blacks modeling concealed carry garb. Strange
Happy five year anniversary to my loyal and moving boyfriend ... Oh wait. #<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Whoever wins the west will win the NBA title this season!
#faded just jammin right now... in my own world
Who's going to the festival? How about an awesome road trip across the USA as well?
Be sure to join us for SA runoff election coverage tonight on our live blog! Details to come.
we came we fought we lost but we had the bigger digs than all the other teams. that is my friends, all that counts in that game called life.
#GoTribe Can't wait for the Indians on Thursday
hey! Where did u get it? M that stuff is great.
has a lot of new stuff coming down the pike. Like a new Scripted show as well as a new talk show hosted by Whitney Cummings
Your Welcome(:
Really hopping tonight big crowds, great energy, lots o' stand-by
Things are good. How have you been?
did DJ cell phone hack your twitter for that one?
#nowplaying everybody looking
#ireallywant spend all day wwith you again.
#Str8LykeDes.... Shit crazy? Why evening bother like real talk...
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
I DO NOT miss humidity!
I let things go n ppl seem to be hurt
It sucks when you're ignored by the person who's attention is the only thing you want in the world.
I hope isn't too sad about the Indonesian concert /: ugh this is a sad sad world.
After a fairly victorious Koontown weekend, I've just been hit by three setbacks in a row. Oh, well.
I'm pretty fortunate with the unique spelling of both my first and last name. I generally don't have a problem with usernames!
Laying in bed with my window open listening to the rain and birds.
Every girl is beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. But in who they are. <3
of course :-)
And its a wrap today has been such a great day!!! God is definitely cooking!! With faith all things are possible :-) I am blessed
Chili's chicken enchilada soup!! <3
the Lady Leshurr “2000 And L” #Berzeko the females frm across the pond come w/it! Shouts 2 @
Red eyes
No matter if it is good times or bad, people always need a little motivation in their work and life
Awww glad you feel better <3 if your "Happy" we're "Happy" can't wait to see you on PLL!!!! its gonna be EPIC!
Hey OMG Fan.! Do you think that OMG should recruit a 4th member.?
What are you reading right now? And drinking?
Felt like a Forgetting Sarah Marshall/I Love You Man mashup from a female perspective to me (and a very good one)
need more follower RETWEET THIS THEN FOLLOW ME Gain 1,000 in 2 days!! NBS
Keep making NorCal proud!
Bishop Jenky's statements making comparisons between Obama administration and Nazi Germany and Communist Russia are outrageous.
I played basketball for the second time today and I really need to work on my endurance and stamina I'm out of shape!
I can be tomorrow. What I am not today
Food fuels the creative.
Im Julianne, Im a Bluejay and I throw my last home game volleyball to my boyfriend.
Pumpkin spice latte. Cold medicine and an on time to work jamie. Good combo for labor day.
actually no! I really DO think it's awesome. By the time middle men see the writing on the wall, it'll be too late.
Take your grey highlights to lowlights. Method- Black Sharpie. Looks like I just got back from the salon.
Any good singers out there willing to do music together? Get in touch.
Drunk ppl are very loud!
bamboozle tickets. GET THEM
the power of music to stimulate memory, create ease even summon joy is a holiday gift. Power to the Christmas Carol for Alzheimers & all
I love you
those are the best
Your website has an error. Would you like to know what it is?
ooohh me, me, me! Oh, wait...I'll be covering the game. ;)You're not going to go?!
SO SAD, WE WERE GIVEN THIS WONDERFUL WORLD FROM THE CREATOR & GREEDY PEOPLE ARE DESTROYING IT!!!!
Mariners game loaded for me.
You don't stop laughing because you grow old. You grow old because you stop laughing.
#wesmackdown pitiful effort by PDX. Photoshop is so passe. Anyone can do that...(but videos, that's a totally different genre!)
Treat all employees/applicants equally regardless of race, religion, gender or any other characteristics not related to job performance
Families spending over $1400 on prom this year. WE make prom dreams cone true for not even 1% of that.
Has anybody seen my baseball bat? RT In some ET/CT markets, #GoodWife may start late due 2 football overrun.
If you don't have any children and looking for some in Yo 30's
I want a shot of you like an alcoholic
Getting driven to teach in a mustang convertible
You cheat in relationships?
as a grad gift?
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 04/24/12 is Ian, Dan and Sally!
Tweet me :D
All Im gonna say is "neigh".
Did you lose a bet to Guy Adami...and forced to wear flip flops with your suit...or is it just a mood thing?
Jeremiah Weed promo. event
I may pledge in grad school, can't deny the frat following and I can see it helping later in life
RT : Thank you to for helping us share our Full Voice last week at a Dancing Heart circle with veterans~~~!
Got lice notice today. Miss Julie said they were little bugs in your hair - COOL!
Brenly probably my least favorite person in all sports besides Bo Ryan of course
Thank you!
awesome, you should text me then ;)
Odd. It's working on our end. Try again?
I bet it looks very sexii !!<U+E105>
Early start, Web Graphics and More videos to edit...
Listening to Big Time Rush while doing homework! (: perfect.
today was fun :) I am sure all the aunties hate us now!
Sweet! What color?? RT yay! scored a #kellyDress by from flash sale. (Hope it fits).
I only realize now that the time when Austin retweeted my tweet about bullying, I was there ditching my best friend I had for 9 years. :/
A #mtogo tweet-up toast at Opening Event at #AAM2012 -meet at The Doryphorus? 7:30pm?
Having a relaxing day with my babies. Oh wait, they're arguing already. Smh
We're all about user reviews -- no staff or editor reviews on our site. So feel free to share your review!
It gets better with each update.
continue their GUTLESS attack on Ryan Braun before a final verdict. Anything private?
Margaritas & Poi, Tacos & Mai Tais? Thats what you get when you have a big Hawaiian Fesitval (Sat/Sun Deanza Cv) on Cinco de Mayo weekend:
Sup world? How you doin? www.MCmikal.bandcamp.com Tunes and what not. Peace.
Playing hotel angeleno west lounge tonight, 9pm, with Mark Miller, Ryan Cross, Peter Buck.
I have nose whistle today :/
please give me a shoutout
Jonathan Quick doing the splits on my tv... I am in heaven!
Unknown~ He is not deemed to give consent who is under a mistake.
road trip
you got me amped for no reason.
so i tell him i like him and right when he was gonna tell me he likes me to his ex walks over to us
lmfao i got soo scared when i was like "umm, hes autistic" (I spelt that wrong :s)
Opening day
Baby 3 has greenish brown eyes, a cleft chin, and reddish tints in his hair. How did THAT happen?
truly loving this work. WOW!
glad to hear it. Thanks for coming by!
what is dying is the tradition to support the new music, but the proliferation of music isn't.
At Luscious Dumplings, about to get my slurp on. It's been so long!
Right back 'atcha!
Got to give it up to Capps, perfect so far. I'm a little amazed we split the series with the blue Jays.
About to write some more Acid!!!
the game is on channel 20! But you really don't want to tune in for the last :43...
Hahhahh that's sweet!!(: AND HAPPY BIRTHDAY MIRANDA I'm a Huge fan love you both!!! :D
Dear iPod, when I put you on shuffle, what I really mean is play my favorite songs. Sincerely, next, next, next, next, next.
"Diploma" is too pretentious. How about "graduation wrap," or "academic burrito"?
#ifyouknowmeyouknow that although we know each other, I don't trust you.
Psycho Bunny Knits & Cole Haan Shoes Trunk Shows, Saturday
YW, thank you!! I m honored to be involved
You are a man.. That is acceptable. I RT : My nose hairs are mad thick.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen has my bra strap in her purse..
Trader Joe's flatbreads are so yummy it's ridiculous.
has put me in the best mood!
Some people hear voices.. Some see invisible people.. Others have no imagination whatsoever!
Dont let how you feel make you forget what you deserve.
Zach Condon is the most interesting man in the world
Heavily discounted tax services on www.crowdclick.com! Plan ahead and get 50% off short form or long form tax preparation!
Got email saying watch this video an clicked it an it said 1000$ to watch. Ive talked to other artist that received it as well.
you possess power!--mojo
that sucks dude I'm sorry. Tell him to fuck off and mind his own business <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>that way you'll get suspended for a good reason! Haha
a good night sleep is more important
If you have to explain the question- it was poorly worded in the first place. / How you digging twitter, Gary?
Join us this weekend for #Earthday at the lots of Food Trucks, great music and more
#forlow Animated gestures. Again, great images. Good eye contact. Change look spots more. 1-2-3. State thesis, repeat.
aye my nigga ask !
I soo happy your mobile site is up!!
What would you do if music didn't exist?
Best model for CFB post season is 8 teams. 6 highest rated conference champs and 2 best at large.
Waste of time, something is wrong with me, don't care, blee blue blah
Thanks! :) Happy Mother's Day!!
Listening to Dr. John Hoopes talk about sorcery and it's practice in societies.
Recording #narrator Barb Whitesides reading The Sex Slave Murders by R Barri Flowers
are you going to the 1D concert?:)
I'm going to miss my 8th grade friends!
good choice! U can pick it up when we are all out watching a bulls game in wrigleyville lol ;) size?
Don't complain that life is too unfair to you just because life simply does not know who you are.
A local weather guesser did a good April Fools broadcast around 0600, had me going for a minute!
I downloaded 's #AngelsAndGentlemen mixtape. I'M IN LOVE!
#Attention Mr Ted Thompson (Packers) Ray Rice or Peyton Hillis are available in free agentcy.
You can read my blog @ www.mrdspainting.com this month we're focusing on Acoustic ceilings. Call us for a free esitmate and consultation.
STRICTLY DICKLY NEVER LET A BITCH LICK ME , but i support gays <3
thx for the shout out. I'm following u.
Don't forget LiLLiES has all day Tues #happyhour $3 Drafts, $5 Rails, $6 house wine, PLUS half off apps when you buy a drink!
This version is more friendly to a wider range of Macs. No longer requires leopard and setting the java default version.
"MY CAT IS THE CUTEST PERSON" -- thing i just said
Thanks Dom! Hope you had fun I stayed home w/sniffles
Spring Break just booked...oh wait, I'm not in college....
- No worries. Just making sure it wasn't spam.
I get to have pad thai for lunch today! I'm so essited!
Home with my 12 friends they also say "hi" : )
u asked me was I gay! U fucked me up! I like she didn't like that ass! Or is this a nigga I followed! With a lady face!
big talk for the man who switched just last month #imjustjealous, no but seriously out with
it's pretty good. you should check it out.
let's go get food.
Follow me on facebook and Ill sing to anywhere! Ill send u my recordings, mp3 format, just for being my friend- batteries included BZZZ Jay
you too! Nice to respond & not get called an idiot. Wish more people didnt play the "high horse card"
o i am talking to you on two different twitters!
A case of Spotted Cow all to yourself? Join us at Saturday night for your chance to win it & other gr8 Wisco raffle prizes!
2 Weeks straight I won the hair competition. Last Saturday fire, this Saturday 80's. Half the time flawless execution.
I was at sonic today lol but I don't think you were there!
come on i know your gonna read this cause i am so a belibieber!!!!!!!! Much respect for ya dude!
People with ugly personalities>>>>>
Alright the dudes making these Step Up movies need to step down
With the 19th pick in the 2012 #NFL Draft, the Chicago Bears select Shea McClellin DE Boise St.
dont listen to them they are just bitches you are beautiful and NOT FAT!!!
while doing UX research, came across ralston shredded ralstons cereal and its mascot, "dumb dora" thanks to the simile/exhibit library
Illinois! Plus, it's the only state that does not allow concealed carrying of firearms.
THAT'S A LIE. You're videos are so amazing(: I subscribed!
RT : The drag queen was the mother.// I will never be forgiven.
"Politics is applesauce." Will Rogers
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, "Always do what you are afraid to do." Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's too beautiful outside to be stuck in a cube! Need a bike ride stat!
You are correct about the strategic linkage. Consistency in public/private is pretty important.
What up World!!!!
Plains for the days Eat, Ball, Shower, Then Out With My Niggas
IDK but u can try channel 71 I have comcast soo
Paralells is nice
Sweet I guess the are opening training camp on
So, have we gotten stuck in your head yet!? RT : Deeply might have possibilities, let's see how things develop! ;-)
Crappy, crappy week -if u didn't know by my lack of interest in anything I couldn't put in my mouth.
cause im n pain....what about urself?
RT - When I start getting tatted up, i'm definetly getting a miami dolphins tat..
Ogando is usually automatic, this is unusual.
Baldridge: teaching in the print age - repetition is primary; analysis is secondary - learning is hierarchical.
I have cleaned all the things. I have laundered most of the things. Now I will write all the things. Or something like that...
Thank you for the posts on our blog, please keep them coming.
oh my bad.lol
Deborah blum. Reasons why some do not find science trustworthy, including science's self-correcting nature
Whats up with not mentioning Paul Pierce in the KU-UK BOS-MIA highlight?
OfficePort is solid. Let me check around and I'll shoot you a note tomorrow.
Les Violons du Roy superb in an vibrant, uplifting all-Bach La Jolla Music Society program. You left wanting to dance a passepied.
Who said Ms. Fluke sleeps around with anyone every day? Except of course Limbaugh, by calling her a slut.
We have three cameras tonight to give a badass experience for everyone watching. :)
My team is out, so I will be routing for the hometown team...
just sent me an email on how to "make her Valentine's Day!"--so thoughtful!!
Want to learn more about EVMS? Tune in to #whrv HearSay today at noon to hear President Lester and Dean Homan.
#Girls impressions so far: it's like Urban Outfitters and American Apparel made love and had a baby. I so approve of their fashions!
I always feel violated when i get physicals <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Controller - Prince Rupert, British Columbia - Coastal Shellfish ...
The Vow is going to make me cry.
We're naming our bocce team "Bocce Set Me Up." Puns AND an offensive DC reference? My work here is done.
I wish would follow me back <3
NEVER compare your girl to your EX. That's just asking for trouble.
Open at noon. Go Texans!
heck no. They know what they did. SQUAWK!
Women gives birth and denies it was her kid
"When given the choice, people will always spend their time around people they like." Gary Vaynerchuk The Thank You Economy
That's awesome! Thanks for the birthday wishes!!
Best #trampsex ever!!!
Brocach: Monday movie night on the patio was great! Rehorst tasting, free kettle corn, The Big Lebowski, white russians.
Start to look for relevant audience on G+ (not just buyers but also referrers as well) says
George Washington and John F. Kennedy
I am 1st timer Taa Dixon handles details & has link where you can get email reminders &RSVP.
A big thanks to for everything you do! #shirtoid has been bringing the tee community together one #tshirt at a time!
“: Thanks much & have a great day! :)” you too and see you there soon?
yes but I'm lame...nothing to "tweet" about.
Im so busy, I be gettin dizzy.
Wow does anyone not like the Christmas Story! It reminds me of simpler times.
I tried for 3 fucking days to vote asshole
Why is it that no matter why u go to the Dr's office, ur gonna b ther for atleast an hour er.
are you interested in joining and becoming a consultant? Join my team! I'm having a sign up special now! :-)
So many opportunities, so many decisions.
please follow she is you biggest fan!14
Good to see Joel Hale back out playing after limping off the field earlier. Injury free is goal No. 1 for me.
#NEOtropolis is a production of Western Reserve PBS. If you like the info you get here, follow , too!
You're buying it or is it a different eldin?
A neuroscience reference in the 1st 5 minutes of 30 Rock. Nicely done , nicely done indeed.
When your kid asks if it's mud or dog poop on them, just assume it's poo & don't smell it.
Dude, just cuz you wear your hat backwards doesn't mean you hot
Future "Revolution As An Eternal Dream" events: Fri 1/27 at (1 pm) & Sat 1/28 (7 pm). Mary Patten at both!
bonde de role - baile funk always gets me happy. :D go momma! get busy!
listening to Rachel's Systems & Layers, rereading a new collection of short plays by Stephen Gracia, perfect Sunday
how much is it pick up items on trash day?
Amen! Faith is not manipulating God to do something. Faith is saying God has already done it. Faith is for you not God.
Dear , please bring more #Vinylmation trading to the Magic Kingdom. At least one spot in each land please. :)
I bet it is
Half: Dallas 25-Millsaps 25. Settling for jumpers when we can get layups. Great defensive effort!
for one thing, they used to stop both at Liberty & 6th (EQT) and Fifth & Market. Route hasn't changed since.
watching The Buried Life with my sister
Being on a weight plateau for months, I think I'm experiencing a metabolic shift. Weight is holding steady, but I want to eat constantly.
I'm BACK
Stressed out, need some chicken & ice cream
We just discovered that Kate Upton is younger than everyone who lives in this apartment... Wow is that nuts
I should have told that to everyone. I bet that would have made them lay off!
Aw, you wish I was your friend? Moi? I'm honored!
but when you make the dream team and are named one if NBA 50 best you shouldnt have to ride someone's jockstrap.
too much Betty.
#Reading Love in the Time of Cholera by Gabriel Garcia Marquez
oh em gee. Just read a few interview quotes from the head writer, and she said the dr had called Stefan and told him she gave...
0_o That's the best idea I've ever heard. I'm going to be so tumblr famous! ahaha.
fah real son bitches been coming at ah niggah' hard
This is why we need to meet up at Warped Tour! :)
RT : "Life is worth Living only if there are Goals Inspiring one to Live" [Friedrich Nietzsche]
makes amazing pies...for breakfast!!
Your response was cut off, but we're still really interested in your take on #traveling #safety standards. Can you clarify?
Yes! They Do!!
Planned Parenthood managed to get "170k petition signatures in 48 hours"
Is it just me or is the major news networks lying to us about are economy and job growth
I hear a steroid chant.
Thanks to all for welcoming us home. It was a great adventure and we're so glad you came along with us.
mine did, every time right before she whipped my ass for doing something stupid. I deserved it every time.
#CharlieSheen taught me you can never win too much.
- What's up great videos, love my kindlefire even more now that its rooted.
Happy morning! Calling on all who live in upscale hotels in Miami, New York, Boston, Chicago or Los Angeles!!!
Roth also called the reviewer a bitch & insulted anyone upset, insinuating the anger was out of jealousy b/c Cass was published
Three years ago today, I spilled coffee on myself & then showed up for my first day at
Bo Ryan going on with Mike & Mike on right now. Listen in.
at largo tonight
followed ;D
Stop by and see us in Little Italy tonight for our weekly Cheesebar Happy Hour! $12 per person. 5-8pm at the bar!
is in Clinton County today talking about Alternative Response/Differential Response-His 2nd stop on his multi-county tour
the mute cook who offers infinite recipes...
“: Aight back to boosie” he out yet?
Reactions to the State of the Union by Obama
Watching tv and you got comfortable but no your mom has to ruin it! really?!
True... I didn't really go deep into my RPs this #FantasyBaseball season. Probably shouldve since that's what got me $ last yr
What happened on August 13, 1983?
Papaspiros flaming greek saganaki is delicious!
haven't heard much, likely stuck in the developmental stage, will let you know
Ty for recognizing that a leader must be an ambassador for all people and willing to defend civil rights for everyone.
"Bobby Gould in Hell" paper tech done!
Seriously! Contra that, airports and airplanes tell stories, too.
Hell yes! Kentucky playing well and IU STILL leading them! Great sign!
Ok so me and dwn twn yesterday looking for stuff for mothers day with the kids and I was so tired of seeing ppl ass out..Ughh
lol..also need to stop the "as seen from outer space" colors in the weeves
I will not say to to seeing the Cure.
“When your heart is in your dream no request is too extreme.<3” -Jiminy Cricket
I know how you got hooked up with rednecks. It's called Texas.
Smooches. I miss you!
I feel pretty worthless.
Thanks for the RT and mention :)
just watched the end of the Survivor Man ep of The Office where Michael & Jim have the <3-to-<3. Makes me melt everytime
“Prayer is not asking for what you think you want, but asking to be changed in ways you can't imagine.” Kathleen Norris
I'm not sure why Glee is considered a comedy... Last I checked, it's nothing but drama drama drama.
that's right that's my show too lol
Listening to competitive moms obsessing over camp-which camp, what they packed, etc. Ugh. Plse shoot me if I sound like that ever.
the earlier i get the work, the greater my ability to get work done. good to know for the future eh?
everything happens for a reason
Shower then wk
J: "I'm going to focus my mind as I fall asleep." C: "Okay." J: "So I can have sex dreams about the 10th doctor."
having a massive thunder and lightning storm right now in towson. Absolutely love it!
Posted a second sneak peek excerpt (Chapter 10) of Depth of Focus at www.kenyadwilliamson.com/writing.htm.
try again!
Party like its not your birthday! :D
hope you have a lovely Mother's Day complete with pleasant dreams!
haha idk but I'm following u now!!
it's a music/bowling fest in Vegas. Rancid, English Beat, Hepcat, Pennywise, etc. Sounds fun
Today's the day! Concert at Horlick with and ! Feel like a kid again. The sun goes down, the stars come out ...
Thank you!
Blood drawn and I didn't faint!
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability. Zig Ziglar
hahah that's wayy too perfect.
#coldstone for breakfast!!
Bring their babies to a 12 am showing of a rated R movie
nice me too im sitting behind homeplate in the 300 level but ill hit u up
One of the many reasons I think we grew up in a sweet spot of tech. Video games, but no social networks or cell phones.
Man, this is some serious targeting, but: You notice one of the paintings at Gramercy Tavern looks exactly like Miss O'Brien from Downton?
Thanks! :) I appreciate it!
If you love me, let me know. If not, please gently let me go.
follow back?<3
I can see why they would implement security questions, but making me change my password 3 times in a month is just stupid.
RT : Two days until our "Hidden Cincy" issue hits newsstands. What are your favorite hidden spots?
This year when Mom asks why I haven't gotten married and had babies yet, I'm just gonna show her my Twitter account..That should shut her up
Obviously he's a 'Twitterer'.. ;O)
SOO true!!! RT: some people are like clouds...once they fuck off...its a beautiful day! lol.
Great works are performed not by strength but perseverance.-Samuel Johnson
your teasers make it do hard to wait . Give it to us ... I love you lol
It's always self-selecting in that people choose what they want to work on, it's not like an agency where you have produce smthng
Welcome on board brother! keep well my good man Brian!!! :)
Still a little disappointed that the biggest deal at the trade deadline was no deal
Those weren't lyrics ;)
As a freshman I wrote an entire paper on "gender rolls" and look how I turned out.
:) i think u are so sweet!saw a new episode of teen mom today! and u are inspiring&amazing!
Thanks for sharing. Love the pics and your narrative. Keep'em coming!
ha ha ha RT funny name for a painting company... does this mean they trick you into doing it yourself? yfrog.com/nulaigsj
Dear Maria, WAKE UP!!!! NO TIME FOR SLEEPING!!!! WAKEY WAKEY!!! GUESS WHAT?? HAHA(: I SEE YOU HAHA!! LUV, Wendy:D
If you can't breathe, then we have a major problem.
Thats the way we treat them, but do give extra protection from fans that forget they are human!
I knew that ws you I just couldn't see you! U know I love ya
hi Bella
Leaving a rainy NYC, still feeling the warmth and inspiration from and #socialgood summit!
bookstore near my house
Dinosaurs in my birdfeeder - Herald Review
Planning on attending the Grammy Viewing Party in Seattle this weekend with friends. Musicians are great people regardless of reputation;-)
yeahh I'm just ready to meet Austin again! Haha :)
Hi ! Saw that you're attending #ISConf (from the Hub) and are active on twitter. Thought I'd say hello! See you in the windy city!
my horse is still trying to finish. The real $ is tomorrow on #archarcharch and
Think it's a great night to hear some of your music! :)
MT Jim Click #ArizonaWildcats donates $25,000+ year to Cowboys. Guess he wont buy U of A a stadium like Pickens did for OSU
notice me someday? yes, no, maybe? i love you <33
Skeet Ulrich. That is all.
Why do I like watching Sister Wives so much?!
Yes! Should we do it?
will you be my friend tonight. I'm on my way and everyone ditched me
thx much for following. i'm totally addicted;finishing 1 parasol protectorate bk every 2 days. VERY excited abt new ya series!
Put my dick in yo faaaacccee
FESPA Wrap Cup Master Series Americas Prize Ceremony TODAY at 3:20 pm in Booth 1083 - don't miss it!
Good night to the beautiful thick and sexy damn i wish she hmu
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool Is this day almost over...
My mom needs to hurry home, I want to see her new car! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
This Tupac Coachella video is almost believable.
sucks not seeing you on Feedback anymore. Kinda stopped watching that show. Especially now that Adam left.
I do!
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.--- Christopher Columbus
(Same person pointed out that I wasn't a "real" photographer, so, you know, a giant WHATEVER.)
It's ok, people think I'm arabian. -_-.....sometimes asian...
source? i'd love to read and learn more about the vegas ipad program...
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped. - Proverb
Back pains r the worst.......ugh
Junior Campers? You mean Kamp Krusty?
This game is boring ...
there's even more! Like him riding a bike and grinning and on like a inflatable tube thingee, he was so adorable.
If loving you is wrong than imma have to move on I rather be with ms. Right.
I would trade Caps tickets for that right now. No, wait, no I wouldn't! :) Enjoy
My novel "Love Isn’t Painful" go to my website sajunique.com read chapters. purchase book at Barnes and noble or Amazon.com
LMFAO I would retweet you if I could!
With daughter at Radys waiting for surgery. Getting a little ear tube work done.
We'll be tested like no other, but in the end we'll be all the stronger for it.
follow back(:
Can't go to Orlando w/out hitting up Disney!
I dabble in a little bit of everything I am really interested in doing more stage though. What about you?
Just got retweeted by Now I can die a happy man
nope, that's just my natural scent
not when call me maybe plays! It's a dance party!
Sierra Club is presenting district maps to the Commission
oh, so THAT'S a joshua tree...
lol I believe!! I believe!! haha
will Huff and Foster propose a separate map or is this it?
There's such a thing as wearing out welcome, but in that case... :)
naw man. I'm performin may 4th in athens though
Good morning beautiful people!! Let's make this day nothing short of GREAT.
Ha! I think they learned their lesson from that poor decision.
Check that. Kronenbourg 1664 on draft; instantly transported back to The Granta in Cambridge.
Time to make some pancakes.
Seriously, yet another Marilyn cover?? No other interesting deceased celebs for your annual "Dead" cover?
i clearly NEVER watch basketball EVER !
Pre, of course! I'd beg for an 'easy 10' :)
Prayers to the people of Japan. Pics are unreal. 8.9 quake followed by 30 foot tsunami. Fearful for our Hawaian brothers and sisters.
Lol, you either walk, or you don't get a ride. Either way, you don't get a ride. Haha.
RT Distance doesn't ruin a relationship. Doubts do.
The more I watch Marc Gasol the more I like him. The guy is tough, plays with passion, and wants to win...and he's a monster.
Yes, you are right. I love ball screen offenses. Pure motion tough for kids to learn.
Materialism: buying things we don't need with money we don't have to impress people that don't matter.
Indeed, MJH, he was. Explains the clutch performance today.
Mixing Weight Training and Aerobics
Everybody shout out Happy Birthday to Robert Pattinson<3
The NBA commercial with Nene dunking over Matt Barnes...awesome.
Didn't think so....
Lots of chatter in the office about Junior Seau.
lightning blade :) I wish I had one :(
Thanks. Those were the days. Now we type on a phone and it goes all over the world! I'm glad I could be of help/
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset seeing a fine ass girl go gay/ we be hatin
Try not to be a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. – Albert Einstein
#whenitwascoolto have a MySpace && wear silly banz !(:
will you go out with me? i FINALLY had the nerve to do it! ;D
Great win packers! Anyone going to the game next weekend?
": Pardon my DVR—But LL sounds like a preacher tonight! Tell it! #Grammys #fb" He's preaching for me next week!
LaBradford Franklin, player of the game.
am or pm
while I'm talkin about how bad this Tiramisu is I done ate half of this sh*t... smh...it'll b gone by tmrw
Best of luck to those beginning school this week. And a shout out to the graduating class of 2012!
My team the Detroit Tigers came from 2 points in the 7th inning. Way to go boys! Magic number is 12, one step closer to the playoffs!!
I miss sex lol
Zuma Fun Center likes Unveiled Ministries
Almost have this job in France... C'mon Europe!
Can someone do my WWII poster for me?
I get too lazy to message back people on FB, text, and tweet.
We're working on an excellent May meetup. We'll have details soon! Interested in sponsoring food? Email us:
I just put money into my SAVINGS account. Wow.
I was (am) so happy for you. Well deserved!
Never seen it!
I'd rather live in that universe
I know, when he pulls up and sees the crowd, I almost lost it!
have you eaten seahorses?
Thanks so much for the follows this week. Following you back!
Watching fireworks around my neighborhood from my backyard!
I'm just joking yah kNow , I'm looking forward On my grades ..
that kills me
thanks for re-tweeting my column... It was just the start of my Car Culture commentary
sam is my bestie:-)
JJ Watts Athletic Move.
Shout Out to.... drum roll please..... :D Follow Follow Follow!
let me know if it's any good!
Copied it to FB, too.
Kudos for being surrounded by women in the culture of female developers talk
That's on some real shit to, just to nosey for your own good and you don't realize it.
Another amazing article, Isaac -- thank you.
good night all love u so much
Always feel weird updating my photo on Twitter...I'm worried people won't recognized me anymore!
Is it sad/embarrassing that I've NEVER had a macaron?
Just wrapped shooting on "Romcom" for my friend Nima. Put my 'Ari Gold' on for this one. A tale of poets, love and friendship gone wrong.
Tonight will be , 6p. Will you be?
All wired up on .M O N S T E R.
HMU for detailed info to chill with #MeekMill at his after party next Tuesday !!
It’s not your job to like me, it’s mine. – Byron Katie.
These hoes no i stay in they mouth like bacteria
Hi Lionel, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Have a cold. Couldn't work-out, mainly liquids and lots of sleep. Lost 5 lbs so far. Hmm...
we better just start striking the ball at this guy. we gotta pull at least a point out of this debacle.
so my brother just walks in the crib. "yo G! Banks is a force "
Great, first #duolingo Spanish lesson was fun, all I need now is more time :) have fun learning German
In.so.much.pain.
landing on your heel is what causes shin splints.
going to practice my français
its because ur a lazy ass:D
Well that sucked. But you can't exactly win when you don't score.
Pat Sheridan, CEO, :) Following. Thx.
aw josh im gonna miss ya
i love you x
I'm very graphic with words..obviously. lol
Hahaha my Cuzco is hilarious when he's drunk...
thanks Dawn!!! I hope I get to see ya soon!!! We need to get this dinner planned :)
Time to change the channel.
And they feel very untargeted. I'm not compelled.
Fuck I need to sleep.
sorry, i thought you were in New York City!
#marriage in America is failing stop holding onto something that has over #50% failing rate take care of these kids in foster care
"Don't hand me paper" is something I put on my syllabus this semester. I think I may adopt that more broadly.
Wow I hope you and your fellow Repugs are happy. I saw your rebroadcast. was right.
Despite the hockey game ending in an OT tie, #rit alumni events are so much fun. (Darn you, mercyhurst hockey team!)
yea someday
Looking forward in making way more acting gigs this year <U+E00E>
Bulls lost!?!? Nice! They should've lost to the Pistons last night but Detroit couldn't hang on.
I'm not worried about the Colts. 7-9 could still win the AFC South this year, not to mention get you a home playoff game.
jesus lord that beats just what i needed. want me to do a hook ? ima try and fit you in it. or idk its up to you
Flyers!!! Get it back
true true
my birthdays Saturday(: just wanted to let you know!
Chiana:I have the urge to mark my territory. So, I'm gonna need you to stand really still.
Today is not gonna be a good day...
Who says nothing is impossible. I've been doing nothing for years. ~ Anonymous
We had some good news this week which may help us with the final funding round.
You should go take his phone and be like, "Hey you leave my man alone so he can come back in and we can go to bed!"
Bikinis, boys, tanning in the sun, oceans, beaches, out after dark, swimming, and hanging out at the park. Summer 2012, let it begin.
Contract discussions between the Thunder and Russell Westbrook will begin soon. How much will he demand? Over/Under $50 mill?
jeez, call yourself creative?! cc/
nothing better than a welcome back to school migrane to start off the homestretch till summer
I see the post. Click "everyone most recent" then scroll down a little"
Can EVERYONE go follow ??
3/3/1777-> B. Arnold:I am at a loss whether you have had a preceding appointment or whether you have been omitted through some mistake
Oh no, my allergies are acting up..
“: i want more tye dies” who cares
we have to thank for their support this summer. Without them, we wouldn't have our show with ! #FCG2 starts Wed.
I'm missing my baby so much already!
RT Letterman is glad that his sexual relationship with staff moves to pg 2 because of Chicago 2016 announcement
Public mtg 4pm new policy to ensure Port's capital investments made "in a balanced manner throughout member cities"
#Toronto followers - Nikos Papastergiadis to lecture on public #screens' transformation of #culture, this Thurs :...
all them need they ass beat for that shit lmmfao
“: #custserv RT : We do our best here, Rosemary!
when random black people try to rap when they suck<<
I made it out alive, lol You get a lot of food thrown at you but its an awesome experience.
Are you trying to flatter me? Because its not gonna work >:( #justkidding #ImBlushingRightNow #YouMakeMeSmile <33
While there is life, there is hope.
How much carrot and how much stick should be used to promote student success at community colleges? Prob both. Russell
Seriously; Would #Romney buy a User Car from #MittRomney?
Pizza time!
I forgot how funny the Wedding Crashers is. Lol
it seemed like we were slotted in for the morn of Feb 7 and then disappeared on refresh. We'll look forward to the next round!
No offense but why the hell would you cut your wrist like Ew your going to hurt your self ):
Are you managed?
Shelia Hicks lecture today at the Mint Museum, 3pm. Check out the stunning Romare Bearden exhibition while you're there.
So true!
If you asked me what the most revolting pop song of all time was I would tell you that it's Imagine by John Lennon.
At american idols Live! so fun. I cant wait to see ADAM!
What's this about?
There's a St. Mary's bball player named Stephen Holt! Wonder if he watches Arrested Development.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHA I HAVE LIKE TEARS IN MY EYES.
is it true that it will be over $450 a ticket?
I forgot what we're fighting over, actually
um there's some kind of marathon happening right outside our hotel. WTF it's not even 0730!
Strange weather night, rain, thunder, hail in some locations.
Thanks. I just followed you
Failed? More like explained facts that u don't feel are important. Give kid $$ to play, then let him bolt w/o restrictions?
Huge Night coming up _sbe with #Loaded on 3-22-12. Contact me for VIP tables and tickets.
Carroll: "All this bill asks is who makes the decision....This bill is about the process."
Winter class is in session! Brooks Custom's AIA class on Alternative Materials for Countertops will be on Feb.16. DM for more details!
How Many Fuck's Do I Give? None!
When I Need Things I Can't Find Them, And Now That I Dont Need It I Find It. -_____-
love you way more tho <3
Recent user feedback has alerted us to the unacceptable ads on our site. Until we have a solution for this, enjoy an ad-free WebCamWindow.
link to tape
We had talked about this job, whether it exists, and that you should apply! And so when I saw this... and now NASA! :OP
TENNESSEE RESIDEMTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a FREE Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Now!!!!!
I dnt no wat to cook today #Ugh!!
To think is easy. To act is difficult. To act as one thinks is the most difficult. – Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
ESPN CODE RED: Kobe wasn't with his team shooting in the gym, due to stomach ailment.
I Need Something To Do , Maybe Go To Cape Or Something .
Yay! I'll be attending #goodgreatcat . Roy Tennant--keynote speaker. Should be interesting!
So many adorable spring/summer clothing on Janie & Jack catching my eye. Trying to be good...trying to be good.
now its a 4 point play
I hate school. it's taking over my life. I wish I could be on here more
- Will make sure to get you on the site once it launches...
Eat Some Noodles Type Hungry
Hines Ward has a logjam of receivers waiting to get in that were much better than him: Cris Carter, Tim Brown, Andre Reed etc
I'm gonna pray for you , im gonna wait for you until your safe from harm
Thank you eve they need to fight you are doing a good job
And I have an event after work that I'm supposed to bring a donation to that I totally forgot to buy. Rawr.
my questions were fab, okay?
you can also follow my company account we'll be announcing our
um, you have a delivery man crush??
Meeting w/ Top Exec’s @ PRMI today. Pursuing elim of current loan approval req that “charged off debts” must be paid off prior to closing.
*clears throat, looks around* tf?
Marketing Denver "it's a big assets that when you come to Denver you feel wanted and welcome"
my new nickname at work is skeletor.
#NABshow Spreading the word about #Airband Wireless #fiber in
After a couple times I know what to expect.
#bostoncollege needs to fire AD Gene DePhilippo. Lets become a real Div 1 football team.
hey #occupydenver, If you've been screwed by your boss or landlord, and would like to do something about it, call us! 720-440-CSOL
Hot news: water coming in via light fixture in the upstairs apartment. goodbye happy day.
FOUND IT. We're all good.
Hey.. thanks for following me. have a great weekend.. ttyl..
kahne says obama is first president to place campaign ads in video game. #gamification of #politics?
Putting the finishing touches on my coverage of Chicago's #MayDay. It will be up tomorrow in time for Haymarket Anniversary.
That WTF moment when you see someone cute on your timeline but then you in-large their AVI and BAM! Ugly as sh*t
You should get on there. What ya waitin for? :)
I am so about this movie, the story, the independent vision and the grassroots funding I<U+2665>Bianca&<U+2665>Blues? Epic!
Summer schedule of MBA classes is coming together. Highlights include "Business Analytics," a new elective by Professor Thompson.
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled ham & swiss on rye with dijonaisse and a cup of soup.....$6.95
just posted: Great Crash of 1929 tour of the Financial District. It's a bit windy at parts - so tough to record outside!
If he love you, let him go! If he doesn't come back. Hunt him down and kill him!
will try and remember tomorrow!
RT : Seidel defeats fake Dem in Wis. Senate recall
WHERE DO I SIGN UP
I Love you harry, Your so Awesome i hope you get a chance to follow me one day :D LOVE, YOUR BIGGEST FAN EBONY
oh, my profanity is offensive? So is your fucking insensitive nature, so we're even.
NBA is back on & Luxe Citizens have all access! Email for info!
haha omg your so right! Suit and all!
I can't sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
fuck yes blue shirts
/ Nice pace! Enjoy that martini.
Just like a prayer, I'll take you there. What!??!! World Peace? bo should have said JESUS
<U+E12F>#CashMoneyBrothers #CMB we all we got!!
#Wooster #Scots win fourth-straight #NCAC tournament title. #Wittenberg and #Wabash choked down the stretch, but what else is new?
Didn't get a bottle of Boulevard Chocolate Ale? Come to Hamburger Mary's tonight for Bingo. We are raffling off a bottle- each ticket $10!
Our last show revealed important genes information affecting diabetes, watch out for our podcast update tomorrow on www.voiceofdiabetes.com.
you'll have to try it! have a great day hun :)
Ladiesh? Morning? What are you on about? *spills drink*
Hope it's beautiful. #perfectseason #daretodream I'm sitting ina windowless room following on iphone
which I think he would be fine with
we all did
m those were GOOD cakes!.
it will take a lot to unteach "experts" MT higher ed conference... to block students from using laptops and cell in class
great meeting you! Let's definitely get a beer in London and discuss more hiccup cures.
I guess I shldnt drink none of this ciroc while I'm watchin my son....
will be joining on Monday to share some tips on interesting centerpieces - You won't want to miss it!
To the people staring at me : its okay, I'd be jealous of me too.
I suppose Scots-Irish Studies were also banned?...
I have no clue who that is.
aprecciate the love fam... got some sponsors from a few clothing brands in the works, stay wit us...
Your planner
It's so early for work. Gahh.
one of the best shows ever. Need to stat posting over there again. Forums are fab & so well maintained. Unlike some others.
It's official! I'll be at on Monday, in plenty of time to make the party! Yay!
just so you know I found a baby pic of you and John and I officially miss you guys!!
me too! RT yes! She's great! Miss you!
please please please please please
I'm paying way too much attention to the inappropriate post drama on OCLC-CAT this morning.
Yeah. My bike has actually been at Langsdale since before our winter break.
In some countries, ivy means rich. In other countries the color blue signifies baby camels. Rich baby camel. Makes perfect sense.
Oy. I'm all for transparency and more info, especially on contractors. But I'm going to hazard a guess this committee will end up stalling.
coming to ThirstDC Apr 26? A whole Smithsonian line-up of scientists is waiting for you. Hope you can join us!
Just checking. 2-time Oscar nom Viola Davis has 1 film in development on page. Jennifer Aniston has 5.
Whenever I'm on a conference call and someone says "really" I get all panicky thinking they are asking me something.
me I have a G1 in my room
smoking a blunt
Thanks ! I'm looking forward to it and seeing what you and have come up with for the unconference!
Yes I had a day off today so hehe :) & I'm good, thank you! What about you? xo <U+2665>
The #madmen Twitter accounts are heating up! Looking forward to deluge beginning March 25th.
#FF if you want to know about communicating, she is the master! Very impressive person.
Our division did well with it too! We finished up Tuesday.
Wow, I feel OLD!!
its happening june 2nd in front of the arena, dance is in my favs, we usually have practices every Sat 12 or 1:30 to 3..
That stuff is so stinkin good, and addictive!!
Let's make him a Badger, then!
RT : Braley introduces bill to keep student interest rates down | Stock ...: Bruce BraleyCongressman Bruce Braley has......
Happy you like it! =)
They really let Becky Q. behind the wheel of a Ferrari?
Hay! I just met yu..and this is crazy..but here's my number...so CALL ME MABYE! <33
same here, fresh arms for that stretch in October. Unlike the #phillies, who like complete games from their aces.
Watching zack& cody, bringing back so many memories. Haaha:) good times...
I'm in DFW too!!, I think you and would Love beamers & TheGlassBar clubs! Great clubs! Hope to see u there:)
Reason they are offering the park hopper for free is that Obama will be at Magic Kingdom and it will be crazy!
all i want is money fuck da fame ima simple man
At school I saw a girl wearing a black lace see through top. Underneath she did not have a tank on so you could see her bra, and boobs
were not crazy.... Just... Different.
Listened to beats earlier today studio this weekend unntil then im out got skool tommorow Workin Hard
Are you a dancer ?
Best friend isn't who you've known the longest, it's who's got your back when everyone else bails <3
follow me ? please please please :) i love youu..! :)
Tonight there will be no issues, no commitment after....
Carolyn Gelland-Frost speaks about her collection of poetry "Four-Alarm House" today at noon at the Local Author Series. Meeting Room 5.
Why are British people allowed in America? Their accents so stupid they just piss me off they sound so dumb
Mathai is gorgeous.
what was this tweet about? I'm confused...
okay. Is it the same tomorrow?
Shield club is now contemplating pooling our money to buy a goal. So sad!!
i watch TVD when it comes out then on english TV need to see these sexy boys !
i just love you so much (:
NICE!!! I see ya'll. Rob Zoe is tight work!
Sounds like fun. Wish my kids were a little older, would have enjoyed being able to take them with me today.
ATLA staff scholars want to talk to you about our products. Chance to win an iPad. Booth 251.
It's definitely a walking town. Have a great week. I look forward to your next post :-)
Missed the fight but all I gotta do is look at my timeline to determine who won! Lol
I'll remember this the next time you want something.
Full training camp, better coach, a few pick ups and we will be better next year
Don't know that it was physical as much as a blatantly moving pick.
Car wash .....then vacuum, this white car killing me
I see Zayn's dancing skills have affected you as well.
It really does but i will rise RT : aw..I'm sorry. That hurts no matter how old u get.
Things that you can do, doesn't always mean you should do it.
Irish Heritage Night and green caps for the #Reds tonight.
- If they can go after Obama for something he ate as a child, why can't we go after Mitt for being an intolerant bully?
Gene-is this heaven? RT : Happy "Best Sports Day Ever, Wisconsin", Wisconsin!!
Thursday would be best... we will up at #140Montreal the first half of the week :)
Throng of about 200 from Tom Morello's GUITARMY tuning up on East Side of Bryant Park.
Hola. Yes, I'm a singer/rapper
It's raining at my house! Woo hoo!
Safe Physique Establishing Procedures To maintain You Healthy ...
I should move there
Wow, snowflakes. What's next, actual winter?
W. S. Gilbert~ My object all sublime I shall achieve in time...
Skinny Jeans are just not made for curves.. #Why?
I am a baby napper.
Boss lady caught me crying, & then gave me awesome news that turned into an awkward laugh cry. Moral of the story - Vegas twice in 3 months.
Excited to see my friends in premiering tonight.
Thanks buddy! We lost a few fish that would have placed up in the top 3 but whatcha gonna do!
The rehousing for Carolyn Haywood's papers is coming along. We are all pleased to see one particularly acidic box make its way to the trash.
hey Larayne! I'm pretty good how u doing
really? Im going to cedar park.
The Broncos are collecting Cats.
... somebody messing wit u
ha! Youtube "Lost, the sitcom" then sit back and enjoy! Set aside at least 30 minutes!
My wife recently had to be reimunized because the children at her daycare in Cincinnati have not been imunized for fear of autism.
#All My Children is being canceled. What a run. For people my age, daytime soaps were such an epic part of the world we grew up in.
It's drizzling. Sure hope the rain doesn't keep the ladies from coming out. Ain't no rain date on today's funtimes.
You're sleepy!
If u keep believing good things will happen then it will happen one day
BB King + Stevie Wonder = a good way to remember what is great about music.
so let me know when you can work your magic google power and get G+ override for me... Hehe
I hate it when i get mascara in my eye, it hurts so fucking much:(!
I love that song! :)
parking for the Milwaukee Bucks
Now saying #Braves-#Rockies will resume at 10:20. We'll see.
RT : The possibility of achieving success in school is practically determined by the 3rd grade -Dr. Christopher
if 100 percent, Houston.
In light of #ows, #arabspring student protest in S.A. I want to find something about interacting w/ authority in a positive manner
Funny how money changes ppl
Making any decision bigger than ordering a coffee will always lead to having my resolve tested.
IPv6 Day (June 8) Call to Action: 1) Make an IPv6 plan. 2) Accelerate the plan. 3) Let the world know about your plan.
"Seeing is believing so you better change your specs."
Geek question: Do you prefer the term "Tesseract" or "Cosmic Cube?" RT and reply!
Jazz Rush @ 6:50pm ((((($8))))) business up front, parking in the back. The Cooperage.
The weather + country music in class ?!?? & they wonder yy we sleep in class .
Any benefit for ordinary mlb fans to drop by the winter meetings?
If the situation is not changing for the best, change your thinking!
Christ is sufficient through everything!!:D
I was at Ft. Lee before jump school and then Ft. Bragg. It was 30 years ago, but there are days it feels like yesterday.
Glen Caroline: NRA is going to keep pushing for guns on campus, makes "all Americans safer."
Band is so hot they set off the fire alarm...
OK, I need to know: Am I the only one who remembers the TV show Space Giants? The idea that a boy could turn into a robot blew my mind.
well hey i miss you too, I can't stare and say hi everyday
#MileHighCityLove #broncosnation RT : Bud Adams just ordered his people to draft Peyton Manning.
Today's #EarthDay tip! Pack a waste free lunch - use tupperware, a reusable bottle, cloth napkin, and a fork from home to cut down on waste.
which one? 4/22 show at ace?
Come to the Regent Street Retreat after the Badger game for a free show with Johnny Rocker & The High Rollers! 3pm-7pm. Homecoming!
Do you sell your raw butter at Sprouts in Culver City. The last time I checked they didn't have it.
I'm always right. Its a gift.
me too
Everyone follow !! Don't make me get my carrots out.....
Love you! We should hang out next weekend cause I'm off work (:
Feeling so close to happiness !!!
We attach ourselves so strongly to people; when they're gone, a part of us is too.
I HATE CHILI'S! SAVE ME PLEASE
Having jelly beans. drank a monster at lunch. love you kenny! your the best!
and 1 of those 2 teams was completely awful until the conference tournament after being punched in the face.
true my spelling bad..haha
Professor Kreeft mentions possible Tolkein/Lewis class, and the Lounge converges upon him with questions.
I can't wait for the Houston Dynamo and RedBull game tomorrow for 1st place in the MLS east! Robertson will be rocking.
I need to make it down to #ElksRunGolfCourse soon.
Looking forward to #ragancisco #socialmedia conference!
THANK YOU Edge bro for the new #StraightEdge followers :) the #Edgefamily is awesome!
Is it weird that I described a girls boobs as sturdy?
!CONGRATS!!! Very much deserved, lovely lady! Bring on the fully-loaded #socialmedia! <3
I love when my brother and his friends kick me out of the room I'm in and I cant do anything about it -_-
Listening to Bob Dylan at Starbucks while taking on my iPhone and using my MacBook. I've become…. one of THEM.
LAMP / php / open source development jobs really spiking up in South Florida! Heads up EnTec students!
Faiths getting weird apps #weirdo :P
Working on a project at home, #nowplaying Daft Punk, "Voyager," great jam!
This is Lebrons chance
what happened to it?
A cup of coffee and catching up on 4 weeks worth of The Mentalist before a day off work.
Great news from a friend who's 5 1/2 months pregnant: "Baby is 60% downloaded..."
You know your car didn't go to heaven. It was an accomplice in too many unlawful acts.
Guys are like dogs. They keep coming back. Ladies are like cats. Yell at a cat one time…they’re gone.
T2: Started bc I love to write, but I soon realized exactly WHAT it was I needed to be blogging about -
love how I got yelled at for trying to leave. like so what I'll walk to my friends house if I have to
Let's be carefree, like we were children on a merry go round... :) Do you think we'll manage to record it before I leave?
Getting ready to race Marco andretti at pole position.
Heavy t-storms crossing areas of Fairfield County, NW NJ, Hudson Valley, N. shore of L.I... Main threat heavy downpours & lightning.
“ is moving to Richmond. He will still be an star remotely. Send Off Party Friday Join Pls.”
Correction: just fell asleep listening to this record. Still bores me to death.
I can't connect to xbl for some reason this shit gay
Read on on five things to know about Royal Jelly Burlesque Nightclub at Revel! The lounge with gaming is open daily to public. The...
I swear the person that is reading this right now is flippin BEAUTIFUL!!!
In that case, it's starting NOW. Y'all have blissful weekends, too.
yeah. totally added joy to my morning. esp. Stephen Hawkings and Stalin.
thrilled to be going to the unconference to meet creative visionaries! who's going? say hi to and me
It's looking amazing!
Everyone give a follow she is in visiting us today at the store.
Well put! RT I dont want to owe anyone anything but $70. Im buying the right to not talk or have to be friendly
Thanks..... Hey I got a question for you!
The McDonald's ad on Pandora might be borderline racist.
damn. we'll be in another state. :(
Seems like she needs a Twittorial.
Preparing to purchase the biggest milk bone in the world
It's embarrassing that Harbaugh didn't call timeout rather than having Cundiff run out there at the last second. Agreed?
Back on the bus to Toledo for lacrosse games today
see ARCADIA tomorrow!
The winner of the Kelly Clarkson tickets has been notified. Thank you to everyone who entered!
Just landed in the mile high city. Cat on the loose during my flight. Hoping the rest of this trip is equally as entertaining.
A lane for each of us on 794. That should work out nicely. I call dibs on the inside lane.
They usually package it as a BluRay/DVD combo. Can't get one or the other. Don't get the UK version, US players cant read it.
Great times on vacation in San Diego! Pics on my FB.
I love math
Goodbye to paddling on the Mississippi River until next year!
Pure Rock & Roll
Ooh! is tweeting up a storm of archaeological information on human origins, tools, and excavations! Hashtag:
is #206 on list of top 400 private fundraising nonprofits in the country.
jus watched the Lakers win! Man, did Kobe go to work or what?!!!
Waaaaiiitt !!! You got to go to the concert?
I'm Fine thank you....Are you Zayn's Malik girlfriend? xx
Oh nononono. We've lost today?? I'm just heartbroken. I can't even process this.
follow her
A speaker just pronounced "niche" as "neesh," which sounds kinda snooty & pretentious to me. It's pronounced "nitch," right?
Loving you is all I ever knew, and now that that's gone I don't know what to do.
I'm Finna go cry in the bathroom
Passed her #thesisdefense. Wow, folks. The end is nigh.
My best dressed at the #Oscars: Anne Hathaway in #ArmaniPrive, Halle Berry in and Hailee Steinfeld also in Marchesa.
Busy clinic day today! Hope everyone is ready for a great Thanksgiving.
RT : Video 1: Get to know me. Video 2: Hire me. Video 3: Heres why others hired me. <=Nice! Gr8 points :)
It's encouraging that Stern wants to do something about the flopping issue. I say give a "Delay of game" penalty to a player who flops.
get at me all, my phones up and working again
Some things are meant to be.
is sangin their tails off #MadeaGetsAJob everyone is really holdin it down! great play, thanks
Josh Taylor says keeping an online search log will improve our skills, make better use of valuable search time.
Prince. Please make it happen in Grant Park someday.
that is not possible for me
The enemy may think you're out for the eight count, but I dare you to get back up on your feet and get back into this great fight of faith!
Austerity backlash roaring its way to Wisconsin like a high-speed train! Due to arrive June 5!
When people say swag after everything. <<<<<<<<<<<<<<
That's pretty much the best thing I've ever heard.
kay text you on friday.
11:45PM & im suppose to be in bed, but i rather help change the game(: Voting & then refreshing the page like crazzzayyy!
I'm putting my hair down,ironed, for school!! do you think its gonna be pretty if i put it down?!
BITCHES LOVE ONE DIRECTION
IT REALLY MEAN THE WHOLE WORLD IF YUH FOLLOWED ME SELENA YUR MY IDOL MY ROLE MODEL 4 EVA TRUE COME TRUE RIGHT??
#ATTENTION Independent Artists if your interested in performing in #ATL #HittmennDJs Launch Party,cc with your email A$AP
What does tomorrow have in store for you? Ask and see what they say.
Today, Chad Evans was given a polygraph examination by John Healy, a retired New Hampshire State Police LT & he passed w/o deception #duh!
Creepy ass janitors staring out the windows of old main at 4am.
no one cares about you girl jk wake up!!!! It's 9:00
I swear, it just reaches in and grabs your insides.
Nate has packed a PB&J sandwich with carrots and vanilla yogurt everyday (practically) since starting at R.A. On 5.8.2006. Boring
Watching MTV2's #GuyCode right now. This show is hilarious!
Community wants privatization.
workers of the world unite!
Yay!!!! I love flow charts!! LOL. You are the BEST Marianne! You always make my day. I mean it!
i guess
I will be damned if the spurs hit 14more 3s in the next game
Random chick just called me astud in my green shirt...sweet. #I'lltakeit
Same URL... busy day!
Thank you everyone that stopping by tonight.The Avengers vs X-Men party release was very fun
Getting my writing mojo on and resisting the urge to whoop & holla in the coffee shop as the brilliance comes to me.
Not a good start for Monday.
Everybody can tell you how to do it but they never did it.
Joss Whedon is the man now! move aside James Cameron
Q1 #PR reports the story and #marketing helps sell it! My mantra optimize, publicize and socialize!
what was that all about. Bashing was not cool. I get your point about paying your dues, but trashing Blake??????
Did the Browns just draft a 28 year old QB?
Yeah boi! Kekeke jay park cant wait for july!!
Have fun! Make sure to buy a beer at McDonalds! Peace out, America!
so how many energy drinks have you guys pounded down today? btw love the work you both do
Yeah, I feel kinda tired.
Workers at Invisible Children HQs removed a #KONY2012 sign at lobby level moments ago. A security guard is at entrance to their check-in.
Thank you <U+263A>
S/o I don't really know you but you seem pretty cool to talk to ;)
New #NHL playoff ads are strong. Smart emphasis on tradition of best trophy in sports. We've come a long way since the samurai!
American Pie 2? Objectively yours, Shemmy
": If she's good and worth it. Show her you appreciate her"
FRIDAY NIGHT! Grog Shop. 8pm | $7 Cellar Door Records Showcase. www.cellardoorrecords.com for press release and details!
best of luck with the PE recovery they suck!!
okay. my rant is over. i just don't understand why we can't just all get along. it's the Christmas Season! #c'monman
You can tell a type of person by the advise they give
In many ways, the attacks of September 11th changed the way the United States Government views the Security Organization
Man the knicks don't compliment each other on offense PERIOD
No canada this summer<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Hey Saban how's that taste? Only coach 2 Roll Tide 5x has Les Miles then when u walked out on LSU 4 NFL & Mia. Remind me howd that turn out?
No problem!
Ankles Are Honest
yesterdays #BestPractices conference went great. tons of great sessions and award winners. congrats
Stop by any store or online to pick up the album "Picture Perfect" by !
Great win for the wiz tonight. 5-0 v revs. Onto us open cup proper. Thanks #sportingkc for advertising $15 tickets and then charging $20
should have listened to Coldplay beforehand to calm the nerves.
almost done watching Hulk from 2003. about to watch iron man 2. already watched thor today :D
ubn is a network of web tools built on wordpress, twitter, fb, and data. Collaboration on messaging, but no actual radio ;)
instead of pursuing success, efficiency, productivity, educators must critique how those concepts maim people
Just drove down rt101 Cali coast line... Pretty cool scenery all I gotta say
Plain water too boring for you to drink. Try adding lemon or lime to your water to get your hydration.
If I text you and you aint text back but then I get on facebook or twiter and you updated your status please excuse yourself :-)
Selling your soul to gain influence for Xst is still selling your soul and will make you more of a danger than a good influence
true, but they can make some of those.
Kopi! Nice work from Brown as always 1-0
soc media programs which create an influence over consideration by consumers, prove to be a valuable tool in brand/ product queries & CTR
Glasow The only safe ship in a storm is leadership
i was thinkn about it but im scared to cut my hair
in the financial district? We have the BEST whole wheat pizza- light & crispy! come by today
"so I hear, were u looking at the lonely hearts section?"
#F4F, #TeamFollowback #boxing Thanks for following
I'm guessing they are trying to make people realize that you are born a certain way and it can't be changed? I don't know...
#reallybadChristmasjokes What do you call Santa's little helpers? Subordinate clauses!
starting insanity today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> #lettttsssgoooo lol your boo Shaun T
Anyone else notice the new 4G in 5.1. The 4 looks really funny to me, like something's off.
Y'all still talmbout pussy? Lol
LOL agreed! the glitter is so pretty until you find yourself scraping it off :(
bad memories ruin songs
Great fighting attitude you have there!
"Rather, worship the LORD your God; it is he who will deliver you from the hands of all your enemies." 2 Kings 17:39
“: really happy today :D Avocado is my new fave vegetable :) x”
Last myo rehearsal, finally getting my cut from the amount of finger cuttings produced from callous
#UMFTV all day baby!!
i hope to see you soon. Hope you had a great night. Rob
Yum strawberry and wip cream <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
even If I had 1 million followers a certain percentage of em need to buy my album if they dont it doesnt make any sense & I wld be pissed
Thx so much! Film was moving, intimate insights to a culture & community being shaped and elevated by the sport. Amazing!
"If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results. " author unknown...
FUN FACT: You can turn in your kids toy for a FREE Ice Cream- As long as it has not been opened. No matter how old the toy is!
Other than the fact that the Ivy character is completely insane - felt hilty played marilyn as caricature?
What's it about
36 weeks pregnant & things are progressing fast..hoping baby waits a little while longer (at least 5 more days so I make it "full-term")
im on my way!
Awesome workout this morning!
VIP revolver...... Happy Early Birthday to my roomie. Love ya Koa!
Do you prefer to “supe” up your car or keep it factory made? @ us and tell us your preferences.
Coffee cats couch.
Dont let doubt get in the way of following you're dreams ....its what God says not any one else ;)
LOL You should just stay in the crib then...
RT!!!!“: Drakes new shit is so outplayed.”
Trey Grimm is tickled to tickle the Ivories tonight for all of you! Come join him starting $3 Wisconsin beers and $5 Strawberry Fie ...
its like watching breaking weather coverage in Memphis
The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights. J. Paul Getty# instantfollow
RSVP: Clever Stories
nice..didnt quite get how you guys were doin it..sounds like it was a good time.
Dont Tell Me One Thing & Do Another, Regardless of wha it was you did,
We are accepting walk-in's today. Call 253-507-7548 for availability. Thank you, Mas Care.
Forreal tho,can I just leave school&go to Arlington to meet James Franco?I'd be the happiest person ever.omg.please.
For real...have to get my custom "come-to-my-signing" business cards made!
Changing your last name doesn't help either.
i cant wait untill you write more songs!<3
ur welcome x
Happy Mothers Day to my mom and all the other moms out there.
I wonder if COLDPLAY will get voted off American Idol?
I despise cheap ass people, especially when you got the money to spend
the wicked brownie is crazy good
High school is a poor indicator of adult character. Many of us grow up. (High school remains a reasonable predictor of fashion sense.)
who is that. im stacey
put a gun to her damn face.
Chill vibe with and at
RT #Virginia Tourism Corporation is providing the #VaWine in My Pocket iPhone app to all Wine Bloggers Conference attendees!
no kidding -- I'll be in town.
announcement of a possible announcement of Modern Warfare 3. OMG! Another risk averse installment of a popular game. Never woulda thought
so true. i gave them jell-ed juice for breakfast and they were seriously amused.
RT : PSA: If every RPCV paid their membership dues to NPCA, we can do all of this and more. Just $35 each. :)
#imagine you: im not ready for love. austin: im not gonna push you, i'll just sit back and wait for you *kissed your cheek*
..(continued) I never wanted anything so much, but to drowned in your love and not feel your rain.
Weather update: most of the T-storms are west of LSP, but there is a slight chance they'll hit around 5. They'll be gone before game time!
that place is awesome!!! I go atleast once per week.
Guy smoking a cigar on #sf bus on the way to work
thanks bro. Hope all is well with u my friend.
you just used slang by saying "ain't"
ouh guys i cant sleep ../:
your blog #itsokaytobesmart is fantastic! very insightful and very entertaining!
What did I tell you? My novels are like Lay's, once you pop you can't stop, LOL! Wait til I release 'The Shuffled Hustle II'.
They ignore you now, but they'll need you later.
yay Lakers take the lead! Great season hawks! Can't wait for next year...ps toews are you single
im incredible, so ATL Watchu know about me?
I'm intense doe lmao jk btw im just got to my little house <3
I think I check warehouse about 3 times a day hoping seat assignments have been given! Haha...
Who do I contact?
Dreams money can buy <3
Second lifting group brought it just like the first group. Guys are getting in shape and better every day.
Anybody here of something happening at Lindbergh Field (San Diego airport)?
Today must've been torture for #Trayvon's loved ones. Must be hell. Lost respect for #GZ's lawyer today. Sleazy faux "regret."
I emailed who I'm supposed to send it to. They'll tell me what to do. Maybe I was supposed to just send the link after all.
does duval have an airport
"Can you milk a cow in India? Aren't they supposed to be sacrosanct?" "Yeah, but you can touch their tits."
stress, but the lord has blessed me. I have been reading The Purpose Driven. It is a great book.
Phase II until I fall asleep <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+270C>
Ha! Only in DC.
Arkansas players are just taking on the personality of the coach really quick. We all know John L Smith is
I kind of suck at parsing poetry.
You know it!
The lobby is exploding with people and voices! Seems these last sessions got everyone's brains moving.
y'all probably end up coaching aau in 10 years! Lol
Welcome home!
Just had to lose my shirt
what are you reading on twitter that is making you say that?
how tall r u ??
whose ur twitter crush?
Hello followers..retweet so you can get your followers to follow flowdaily!! Road to 100,000 followers!
Cutch! Who else?
my phone won't let me text you wthh
Aww happy birthday to the great, my fav, Stevie Wonder. *blasts All I Do*
while thank u I am honored to b mentioned in ur tweet :)
"Ugh, abck to Wendy Reiger? Time for me to turn on a movie..." A Letter to Three Wives on TCM. Classic.
Same here - love the term RT : Getting HANGRY. Must get home soon. (cc: )
In better news, suck it nerds, don't have to sit in a middle seat on my flight tomorrow :D
Thx and most definitely ! Always working towards something. Complacency is the enemy #teamgrind (cldnt dm u)
the human behavioral system can be quite easily hacked.
Feelin some steak for breakfast tomorrow!
There's just no stopping lucroy. catching popups and shit
Leaveing your wallet on top of your car for the second time <<<
“: “: is goin way to hard in da rap game I be bumpin him all day #TRUreligion” lol hooked”
Ugh he get on my nerves
More questions than answers = learning opportunity
don't flatter yourself. Lol.
this one is Houston
So there going to be strike
just got back from #SoCo2010. He said it was a great conference. What was your favorite part?
Is it necessary to kno the history of Tupac nd Biggie if yu wanna be a rapper?..
At the midnight #Avengers with DVC and CAA! Finally get someone to accompany me even if their combined ages are half mine.
ah I see. I think both would be helpful, speaking from a civvie perspective
Who wants to see me and in concert this July?
is the BEST when you really want dessert but also want to be good...
“: You act like a straight up GIRL.” I try, I try ;)
- Didn't see u at MegaCon... Will u be going to ?
I can sing my heart out but, it's the sounds, the way the producer arranges it, that determines rather it's a hit or not.
Shipping was free, I just want it in hand for the trip to Chi.
I know when lele n I went we sat on the beach n listened to the water I never for how peaceful it was at night
Despise remixes of good songs
Ancient Chinese proverb: a flat hand will hold no candy
TGIF LADIES!!! What's on the agenda for this weekend. In NY is said to hit 80!
I had forgotten this was a 3 day weekend too! Poker sounds great! We're going to the THEARTAH, dahling. :)
I haven't left my apartment all day. Bahaha.
Going to a class today:"Arrangement and Description of Manuscript Collections"! And my hair is still pretty green...oh yeah.
Find out more about our mission! www.tabularasachicago.org
I can't wait to see the sunset...toes in the sand..
Yes u to henry((: RT : I helped too):
yeah my 16 year old the same way
What's the #1 can't miss session at #astd2012 this year?
Thanks for the RT!
I wonder if he thinks of me when he hears Cuban Pete.
Chart of Between-ness centrality within the #USSenate - Who still has a job? Oh, oopps, So much for reaching out to the other side
You know what.? I think I'm gonna I've up trying. I gave you too many chances. I'm so done with you and your lies.
Back in Mpls, by the way. Recovering from a weeklong food coma.
omg you shouldnt be doing this joanna :D
": ok this is killing me. can 25 people friggin follow me so i can have 2 million people already?" help this man
good luck! :)
- Thanks for the fav!
bring it on gents! :)
it's a song he sings retard
:-) I hate seeing those "disclaimers"
you rock Paul
About to see The hunger games finally
what year did you attend Timon or does drinking in their parking lot for 4 years make you eligible!!!
Awesome! RT : Local plant is run on gas from a local land-fill. The ultimate recycle example! Running a plant off of trash!!!
For the next 4 minutes swing by Rialto Cafe and get the deal shown here: $9.99 Bottomless Mimosas
Thanks Man!!
Happy Friday! Come see us for lunch & cookies!
Thank YOU! :)
whats the point of lying? it doesn't get you anywhere. it just makes it harder for yourself.
This is a bit overwhelming.
Forgot I wrote a song last night.
Off to SoCcEr!!!!! :)) can't wait to see my Best friends!!!! Haha and yes my BFFs r 6 boys and 2 girls!! And I'm proud to say tht!!!!!
So I should ditch the Crest?
Idkk just google it and you'll find places for it
How 'bout them Thunder!!!'
Yup imma have to take s cab home.... Psh oh well! <3
Dark'n'Stormies with and on - happy #irene from the #LES :)
All Of A Sudden Everyone Is Getting An Instagram -_____-
bought you a 12 pack, promised you sushi. sorry if i wasn't straight out of the movies
see i dont understand why she act like that towards me #thinking from lastnight
congrats to JULIA!
Good, lasting health is a direct consequence of a well-balanced pH state within the body. Stay alkaline!
#myfavoriteartist vampire weekend
the most I can tell you is we know the business aspects, we're marketable & we make good music, etc... But we're broke lol
I am patiently waiting to know the winner...okay not patiently but waiting yes!
Also "nice" to see the tennis press is still reporting it as breaking news
In the kitchen today: Cabbage soup, pumpkin bread, key lime & habanero cheesecake. M.
Yo I swear I hate my brother! Its official now idc
The more you hear why, the more puzzling it gets. They seem like cop-out answers, considering they make no sense, at all.
Thanks for the reply! Such a beautiful country.. I wish I was still there!
I WOULD FUCKING LOVE TO :) MORE THAN THIS...NIALLARS PART XJSHBJDKSHDBSIDIBDF
No play
Yay! saving the (birth) day! Thank you for not being impossible for groups :) Looking forward to 5/18.
Great weekend, now time to get to work. Video editing and Post Audio production on a Sunday. Headed to MMI for the vibe.
I'm tired of getting spam messages about "people making rumors about me" change your passwords please people. Thanks.
best oops I ever saw
everything you need is in the report, let me know if you have other questions
So... I was suppose to go to dallas kan but i ended up movin to rokkwall ova tha weekend..so now im enrollin at dis wakkass skool white ...
So, who gives a crap if they're Socialists? They could be fascist anarchists, it still wouldn't change the fact that I don't own a car.
Also, be sure to thank your mom for riding bareback.
ugh need a phone :(
You diiiidddd??? Gave me a k on klout? I love that! Thank you!
Why so angry Chaz?
does the cub's shop in the Hilton take credit or is it cash only?
I'm with Paul Constant: West Lake is not worth the fight. The fight has been worth it, the place, no.
I guess I'll go eat and watch The Hunger Games by myself . What else is new .
That said, I haven't seen an example of it being done, yet.
Time to n u t up or s h u t up.
Free samples of our organic liquids for just 5 more days! Like us on facebook to get yours. We even cover shipping!
My cell didn't ring
Just had a wonderful lunch date with my daughter
NYC Printing 123 offers you the most recent innovation for online ordering of Multi-part, Edge-glued Carbonless Business Forms. Call now...
In two games I played a total of......4 innings....
Withstand be firm, rooted established n strong. After you have suffered a little while God of all Grace will make you what you ought to be.
Y the murder rate is so high n the world against man vs man is because woman get horny.
Just had to use WD-40 to get into my office, and a pair of scissors to crack open and fix the printer.
The roof is open! Go
awesome "weekend" in nashville with
(i.e. where the laws don't require that kind of transparency for corporations).
Thanks for following us! We are your 24/7 Emergency Response Company!!! 705-664-6910, Margarita contest this weekend!
love you.
Ha! It happens a lot. May be directly related to the job.
Fukushima gives renewable energy a chance
I am glad iam on the list..lol...
U don't see me ? Oo but they do lol
She's right, but she succumbed to it. That's not good for next generations.
Two men dressed as law enforcement officers force their way inside Lake O home. The latest details in a live report at 10&11.
RT : That cop was fine as the fuck. Still hate APD... Lmfao..wow.
Little cat Z in "The Cat In The Hat Comes Back" represents the God Particle
i introduced my mother in law to the wonderful world of the real housewives of beverly hills today. she was absolutely enthralled
Nerds jelly beans are so good
I think that should rip my honda this year What u think ? 237 with the baggies straight shreddin
chances are good
after a late class, followed by !
Thank you!
Someone please make me laugh.
Thank you and hope you'll consider it... at least one location would be great.
BEYOND geeked for tomorrow. Going for another run just to blow off excitement/anxious energy-Big things ahead for LV ballers!
Now I'm picturing Jack doing the John Cena hand-in-front-of-face wave.
Andy fuckin carroll
I'm in Louisville right now and they talkin bout another shooting happened these boys trynna be the Murder Capitol
HELP!! My cat just spilt 10oz of sweet tea all across the keyboard of my laptop! Screen's pink. No response. The photos! Gonna cry
You gonna like the way You Travel ! --- We Guarantee it ! www.FreeXpedia.com Discount Travel & more.
all ready did
UGh!!!! Come see us! We waiting! #goSpurssGo!
is that the only thing you don't like about nashville?
I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easy, and care too much
what's up stranger! i'l be in LA 13-20 we should hang :-)
But I stayed around, thinking you would learn a lot *sings*
I used to work there. P. Terry is always at P. Terry's.
Awareness, How Aware of What is Going on in Our Lives Are We?
yes, Juan Atkins is DJing until 6pm, come dance with us!
ur bro is very perverted in a weird way.....
RT # if u LOVE food. & u ADORE chocolate.
Does a role have to be the job title? Maybe I don't know the dogma of Content Strategy. Does it need an explicit Strategist?
With performances through Friday, there's a Nutcracker for every family! See us with
I AM A MUTHA FUCKIN WILD BOY, GUNZ ON BOTH SIDES LIKE A MUTHA FUCKIN COW BOY, STAR PLAYER, U A MUTHA FUCKIN TOWEL BOY
Well. I finished that Shamrock shake in 3 minutes. Flat.
I'm okay.
Thought I saw a still from a new Pixar movie. Turned out it was just Glenn Close in Albert Nobbs.
If someone told me earlier today that #Tebow would shred the Steelers pass D, I would have laughed in their face...
just bought next to you on itunes :) i swear my ipod is just for you! :) i swear my mom gets so annoyed sometimes but i dont care! i <3 you
What a great surprise and pleasure to talk with the inspirational today! Thanks for catching up, Tyler. :)
No press conf tonite by cops about discovery of body in Iron pool. They're dealing w/a tricky crime scene: a dirty pool w/leaves and junk.
“: My neck, my back, lick my pussy then my crack.” WHAT THE FUCK? LOL
I did great on the interview. Looking forward to hear from UNIQLO ^_^
Haaaahaha “: #Virgo is very picky and after breaking up, they will be double careful when choosing a new partner next time.”
This is my resurrection, so screw your resolution. I don't need no protection, I don't need your confusion
Clipper run.
The worst feeling is not being lonely, It's being forgotten by someone you could never forgot.
The upside of being in tremendous pain is being able to lie in bed watching Agatha Christie's Miss Marple (Joan Hickson version, naturally).
Can't wait to get my new 's with my new prescription tomorrow. The world will be so much clearer, sharper and nausea-inducing.
thats awesome! i wish there was a way to have a camper reunion or something lol
Grant has 9 carries for 85 yards
I'm not her biggest fan, and she probably doesn't need all the nominations she's gotten, but she won me over in Adaptation.
Best Twitter profile update...#Bachelorette's "Failed Proposer." Nothing like a little humor and self-deprecation
college professors should be replaced with monkeys and suits ..the monkeys are more credible
saw the tag, you're evil.
"Be honest about how your search works"
Cnt make everyone feel special
so come over at like 11
Do you have links to these ideas from John LIst, U of C?
No, no, there's no "oh wait". We still signed him and have to pay him.
Only 32 days until we start pouring at Milwaukee Brewfest!
rocking party
Allergies are killing me today. Eyes are really itchy. Ugh.
Go for the Mr. G or ask them to make a Will Special. It's also a great place for Italian dry goods and cheese (cc' )
Try again! When I clicked on yr link it said "error! scene not found"
What's really good ? New music and ideas..hmu
I wish someone like would do a special about Kentucky-Louisville playing in Final 4 before Saturday.
The moment a child is born, the mother is also born.
No problem good brother. Enjoy your day! 06!
lmfaooo I didn't know you lived there :o
nobody follows me
Every story has a turning point. This should be the pivotal moment which explains why you chose success & empowerment.
-- & one step further: death is a whole pop. expecting to find a job & unable to do so because life is not multiple choice test.
You guys should start using ripple ePortfolios!
I saw that too! Trying to remember if there's any reason my 11 y.o. shouldn't watch Stand By Me. Pretty sure it's ok, though.
I highly dislike my dog right now.
Did you know all of our locations are open and deliver until 1am today? Give us a call!
wait, you're not on the 53, are you?
Awesome how I told you I wanted to go to that show and you told me no and now you're at it xD
Follow Us at the original Account !!!4
Aye DJ Champagne & Chickenheadz
ok I surely will
LOL...just ended. It went great I think. No standing O but lots of clapping and much discussion afterwards.
Scary as hell and invigorating too
Thanks for keeping it local Jennifer! Hope to see you soon-Terry
When one thing ends, another thing begins. Sometimes ending hurts, but a new beginning is worth the pain.
I cant wait to perform this record live
please let's go shopping and Mexican : )
Family and Friends are hidden treasures, seek them and enjoy their riches.
Ah yeah ah yeah. #14DAYS until justin is my cuddlebuddy/boyfriend/hubby/boothang/whatever I want him to be <3
Kobe Bryant looks like death right now.
you don't agree?
OMG that hail was so loud lol i went outside and it hurt ahaha
free lunch and dinner!!
I will use this Twitter account to make announcements about the forthcoming Neumann college -- the newest college at USC.
Why are they?
Score 0-0 Puck about to drop for start of period 2
You got it and thanks!
Performing 2 shows Tonight w/ 2 different bands at 2 different venues! 1st Tiger Bar w/ Deathtrap America 2nd Plan B w/ Weresquatch
sailed, absorbed; living, questioning ongoing
Going to see the Avengers
The fence is dedicated to Dick Block. Life= made
I just realized that if I went to bed now, I could sleep for at least 10 glorious hours.
Cohen: Norms are behavior shapers. It's unreasonable 2 expect changes unless we focus on change in cmty.
I can already tell someone told him to
wish you were here!
exactly! Now it just looks like I'm wearing boxer briefs. I love it! Haha
that's the life lol but Did you get your phone fixed?
No internet..ohmygod
Lord, if I can't be skinny, please let all my friends be fat.
Planning a trip Paris for Patrick and Sylvaine's wedding. Congrats to you both!
prove me wrong and maybe women won be bitches.
Give me a shot.. This is a day for reading non-readable things!
Went to the store to get ingredients to make my fave salad & decided to just buy it from a restaurant instead. Time is money! Lol
thanks! It's been fun but busy Spring!!“: Great news! #halominer”
- the good ones are pricey because they only make so many of them
Thanks Jake! We're live this morning on the Circle talking about a new statewide energy savings program that can save...
Yay for animal adoptions! So many poor homeless animals...
Hey guys! I'm glad to be back!
Crusty tip of lotion pump, no one likes you
Create harmony in every room by combining the personality of a classic fabric shade with the ability to control light,
Jayla is the gate keeper,lol
it will be legal in Maryland jan 1st 2013 and we having a spring wedding me and u guys gonna come right
Heya peepz m gonna have the most wonderful holiday who
Think ima catch a cheap movie then go to the park and skate a lil bit
Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who is wearing it.
Great first workout with ! Everyone...go train with him now!
Im very homesick
Spent $78 on groceries and most of it was fruit. FML. $10 bag of grapes?
purpose you are using it, just simply ignite the cartridge to produce a dense, oil-free smoke that will burn for 45 seconds and...
no way we train early here
literally open source or free?
"Your hole will pucker motherfucker!"
hey you changed you avi... Very nice
Damon swear he gone look so fine Friday lol, I'm sure he will
give semester and end of yr evals. also, class maps survey is AWESOME!
Aaagh my eyes!
we must have #telepathy!
Miami taking it this year
Thanks!!! I'm super excited!
btw, if i wasn't looking out for my client, what kind of mgr would I be? Hope you can respect that...
First quarter: Deng and Hamilton, 15 points on 7-for-10 shooting; other Bulls, seven points on 3-for-10 shooting.
hey its silena
Again Hillary blogged wonder and delight
-- Hanson and Youk together might be interesting ... make sure to give every owner a chance to make a 2-for-1 bid.
me too, i miss going to that and making and whole weekend of it.
I wasn't disappointed with The Avengers, how could I with Joss directing?!
Well said !!!! ": Donald Driver has a great story as well as some great moves-Mr Big Stuff!!! #DWTS!"
Tip: Use Custom Action Control to reference Jscript file across your sitecollection
JAKE BANGS TREES
Family's in town so excited
I love you lol
RT : Complaining is the favorite activity of people on Twitter :) says
A true critic ought to dwell rather upon excellencies than imperfections. - Joseph Addison
no sir, it was a great start. Great game tonight!
miss u baby
Please tweet this...a 9 year old from MI is suffering from brain cancer and his one wish is to trend on twitter.
damn twitter rules! RT : want to retweet but why ya gotta go and swear????
i say it makes you awesome and loving son....
The backchannel conversation is *fascinating*. If you're not following the #bcb6 hashtag, check it out. Highlights, commentary from sessions
Movies tomorrow! Can't wait
Hey everyone! Go #Follow my band members!
I know your on! Or at least creeping! If you see this.. Please follow me!
Hey #Heat u do realize one of go to guys isn't there: Amare,just checking,oh btw u all SUCK!
#linkedppl- great show, progressive Linked in group mgrs, good stuff
Slogged through that last grant application. Artist Statements are so painful to write.
Ah fuck you rain -.- waiting for bus~
you'll get one from one of our shows this weekend. Dm us your #. You too,
just found out about Tumblr en español & read about Hispanics users bit.ly/pcXK2B Can we schedule time to chat best practices?
It is so exciting! Thank you for your support!
For reasons too complicated/stupid to explain, I suddenly have the urge to make a movie called Cyborg Bigfoot.
just 3 days for my birthday yay!
I like Justin Bieber... ;)
He just does not look like a William.
SPD: "I will pummel you into the ground for no reason. But now, I also want to video you beforehand so I can have a keepsake."
TONIGHT: We're at the entrance to Buc Days w/your coupons to Hurricane Alley Water Park be sure to find us!
Taken a defensive driving course whoope how fun NOT!!
I had a fuckin' BLAST tonight!
I'm not even on spring break yet .
the internet is down in the IC.
I fucking love you guys! See you on the 26th here in new york mother fucking city!
Thanks all for sharing and Nathan for the roundup!
Fairfax #Electronics offers free ground shipping on all sales over $100. Call (323) 731-2561 and use promo code 4482
Complaining about packing for LA and Vegas? Sounds like fun to me!
both of us. I channel our collective power everytime it's donned.
school is alright how about you? :)
Always a pleasure to have you, Tracy!! Cc:
My GF said I was disrespectful and I was thinkin' does that mean she's gonna get me a beer or not?
cue the crickets chirping! Still love 99% of your tweets! :-)
I need a back rub
downtown? So many yummy #soups today at #cafe41! Maryland crab chowder, tomato basil, asparagus potato leek & more! What's for lunch?!
So happy I get to sleep in tomorrow :)
Loving having more time to focus on the business! Such a great feeling not having to cram 18 hours of work in on my "days off".
Oh, there is a rumor that Indian-Chinese food might happen today. It's the best fusion cuisine in the world. #Foodie promise:-)
Eyeroll Emoticon MT Inspired 4 Tebow to rename his dog from Bronco...to Bronx... Jets fans love. Now that's A Bronx Tail.
“: May I say it's really hard to think/type/talk at the same time! #lrnchat”
I always tear up when I hear "There Goes My Life"
ass like Nicki but she yellow like Madonna
it didn't start hailing till we ordered this beer
*Spider-Man swings*
When It Comes To Impact The #Eyes Have It! & Nothing Enhances The Impact of the Eyes Like #Color!
huh? What are you talking about?
"If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out & get busy!" - Dale Carnegie.
be right there!
The HUSTLE is REAL!!
Hey you should celebrate the Knicks win by shopping Save 20% off your purchase! Use Code: CORKY #41points #nosweep 7
Xfinity live is crazy!!!!
Youre very welcome :]
he is I just looked 15 mins ago!!!! :)
Free Beer and Kickball tonight at Main Street Gardens 6 - 9pm.
30 minutes after the tickets are up for pre-sale, and floor tickets are already sold out!!! CURSE MY BABIES FOR BEING SO FAMOUS. ...
hey Jon thanks for follow, nice hat.
its SAD to watch my team play like shit.......but guess what im still CHI-TOWN BULLS All The WAY!
money quarter!
ahm well I know those words from a london trip, those are supposed to have the meaning that a person looks wonderful :) ..
Yeah!!! Im pretty sure I was so excited that our house shook. :D
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! is celebrating with doughnuts: how about you?
Skidrow. Midnight. Bring your BB gun. We're gonna kill some rabid rots. But seriously, let's hang before you go to the midwest.
We're toasting dads tonight. Wishing all a very happy father's day!
To celebrate Camden Yards' 20th anniversary, we've signed the architect to play 2nd base.
Love that talking about #Packers tonight regarding draft!
Reading hour! :) Started #TheDudAvocado...makes me want to high tail it to #Paris for a few fabulous nights!
l won't return. I owe 200 bucks. I was in for documentation. It's degrading and my mind knows what's in there. And in here. Real.
Uh oh, just found out the derby is on cinco de mayo. That's about as awesome a match one could imagine. #derbyheisman + #Roberto = ???
Ref issue is more operationally taxing for MCLA, not deal breaking, but it is unforeseen cost to be certain; need 20 refs that are quality
take an hour to treat your body, mind and soul. I recommend a glass of wine while taking a bath.
Is my dream man.
I don't see how I can become the asshole I'm fully capable of being without growing dreadlocks.
Yogi! 10 World Series Rings, nuff said. RT : The greatest catcher ever is _________.
More Powerball tickets obviously.
Lots of sum pump failures and other water related damages coming through, give us a call if you need assistance. (414) 354-7566
It takes a minute to have a crush on someone, an hour to like someone and a day to love someone but it takes a lifetime to forget someone.
I wanna stay up all night and jump around until we see the sun !!
okay sweet just let me know when your wanting to do a shoot or something thanks :)
Damn... I can't go one day without making him mad in some kinda way
#Twitter > knitting
Hey im in 's bio <3
milkshake milkshake milkshake.
glad to see that hearing aid is holding up!
First day of your work week always a drag? Convince your female coworkers it's "Motorboat Monday". You're welcome.
Did you know? Having a Monitronics monitored system can save you up to 20% off your homeowners insurance. Ask your agent if you qualify.
This is why Twitter was invented! RT Chipotle for dinner!! Burrito bowl here I come!!
Rest easy tonight Tweetahs!
At work. When I get off who wanna cum c me. Inbox or tml
Congrats #GoNU baseball seniors: Sam Berg, Greg Ferguson, Jimmy Filter, Andrew Leenhouts, Matt Miller, Tucker Roeder, and SID !
The NFC West is a lovely place. Those 49ers... are scary.
It IS a credit union! I just moved to them to escape Wells Fargo!
Freddy Galvis playing SS for the first time in the majors.
Costs of solar panels are expected to decrease rapidly in response to the continuing economies of scale. #solar energy
I get it. Funny guy funny guy!
I'm going to miss you Daddy..love u always
#nisoEbook LaRue for partners went first to Colorado Independent Publishers eager to sell to libraries
Coral Gables #advertising agency in search for an #ArtDirector. Please email your resume to
Good one. We save enough on gas to pay for them and they do have a 36 month 50,000 mile warranty.
I swear my 11 year old sister is THE best!!
What gets you out of a rut?
Buh? MT : Former WSU TE Aaron Dunn has accepted a scholarship to play basketball at Western WA. according to their SID
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.<U+0094> ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
I've been watching those beautiful clouds all day!!! :-)
good morning to you mf!
Dessert For The Homeless, feeds the homeless in the L.A. community desserts on thanskiging day. Please help us by donating anything u can.
Green juice 2. Process is getting easier. And it's still worth it. Need the nutrients. Feel like crap this AM.
#imagine *austin tweets* Austin:i love all my mahomies but i love one girl more and thats *yourname* :) -anna
Was practically in tears of frustration watching TinkerTailor et al. Srsly, just tell me who mole is already...
They're delaying the tribute in the broadcast to keep people watching...its working cuz all I tuned in for was that + adele
So my phone is Japanese again...
and you're just gonna sit there and NOT introduce yourself to the members of Interpol?
In the next 2 yrs applications, data, and capabilities formerly offered by multiple (non-mobile) vendors will be available on mobile phones.
where u sitting? I'm here
I WAS GUNNA RUN AWAY BUT I FORGOT MY PHONE CHARGER... STILL HOME!
I think people are trending urban. It was the case when I was in MKE and now in Baltimore. Rental occupancy downtown here is 97%.
After this World Cup, FIFA must implement goal line technology and official replay.
Hi twitter people!! :) I havn't tweeted in so long!!
...Anyway, glad the shitty stream ruined that ending! Tuff loss but some good signs for sure
Oh damnit RT: : RT Chris Bosh planning to play tonight. Should be back in New York by this afternoon
I asked my mom for money and she said "Does it look like I am made of money?" I said "Well that's what M.O.M stands for..
No, thank you! Your work toward changing perspectives is so admirable!
If we put as much time into _______ as we did with Angry Birds, we'd be ___________ by now.
CowboysandAliens trailer got by far the biggest reaction of all the trailers before HP7p1.. Lots of cheers ..
i heard Feel So Close at the asian grocery store. you've made it dude.
Just found out on the 11pm News there was a Free concert at Monument Circle Today, first we heard of it
They say real recognizes real.... But none of you bitches look familiar.
lots of good conversation coming out of the Bailey Homestead tonight..okay Uncertainty, come and get your ass kicked
Everything is happening in my favor.
Just saw someone walking in midtown #Atlanta wearing a #Caps Ovechkin t-shirt. Almost game time!!
KoE debuff bug fixed! It was suppose to be PvP Rooms only. WoE never had the same bug. Just in-case you're guessing that it does.
Then meet somewhere indoors near a park
Ok, well working on an Iowa connection to Ft. Hood, but def. will keep you in mind... Thx again.
I say YES
thought they already did a Dumb & Dumber 2. It was called Dumb & Dumberer.
E:60, I live in a hotel. Miss a lot haha
that surrprises me! RT : Wow : Overall Gaming surpasses email from
Plus NBCSports channel is perfect for Catholic League non-football sports. ND luvs lax-type sports found in ACC.
Cole Adkins our strategic accounting analyst and consultant, has been working around the clock!
Most of us do the same, I think. Just made plans with cousins, after one passed about a month ago, for the holidays.
awesome! there is a brand new episode on tonight. tell bob i said, hey.
He is Amazing he was in the US Florida Miami
Hey women your Father is a King, doesn't that make you royalty?! You are valuable, precious and beautiful! Believe that!
haha! I know the feeling! :)
seriously me too haha
Treasure Box order deadline is tonight at midnight - don't miss out - delivery is July 31/pick a site in SD near you www.thetreasurebox.org
Ill be 22 in a month in a half!
Thinking of Palomino for dinner tonight, but have heard mixed review lately. Who's been there recently? Feedback?
My LB and his wife got me great Bday Gift! I can wait to wear it tomorrow
I woke up confused. Thought I had a final today then remembered its tomorrow.
I don't take any chances, the last two twittercided before I could.
Tweet, dam U
RT You're heart is serpentine. :o
Finally have my own laptop. balls
Late night thinking .
Celtics pulled off that W without Rondo...Looking good fellas
biological processes and environmental interaction.
YOU BRING IT
My 5yo son was running around the house yesterday saying "That'll cool the giblets!" in a perfect Scottish accent. (ala Gutsy Smurf)
happy mothers day to all the beautiful women that always are there for their children <3 love you mommy
u too have a fun weekend love my
Buying my warped ticket tomorrow
RT : RT : RT please please pray for my dad who is in hospital :( please dm me or just retweet this
Just finished Maybe. John Locke has done it again. Buy this book and enjoy it. Thanks John.
Nala still doesn't understand that if she walks between our feet she will get kicked in the head!
#ItSeemsLike the people u like the most u seem to have the most trobble gettin close to
Wishing everyone a very Happy Easter from your friends at Purple Cafe, Lot No. 3, and Barrio...
You really don't know how happy I am to see New Year's Eve trending!
What!! That is not acceptable!
I'm feeing good today!! Thankful
French fries + Wendy's frosty #perfectcombo <U+2764>
Im going to go watch all of the ShootUsDown videos and tear up ! They both have grown SO much ! (,: & <3
IT'S OFFICIAL. I AM OPENING FOR DRAKE: PARADISE TOUR HERE IN PHOENIX ON MAY 10TH AT THE ASHLEY FURNITURE PAVILION. HIT ME UP FOR DETAILS
#NoDisrespectBut: Personally the Grammy's Performances seemed rushed except for a few.
Would love for Marissa Rodriguez Salinas to share her exercise plan! I know you are going fast and furious! Do tell!
He met my mum. ;o
Problems solved. We are open! Swing by!
soft spot for peter andre.
Do we need a fingergate cupcake?
To go to class or not to go t class, that is actually he question.
MT : New on cask is a Firkin of RT 113 IPA.... Also now on regular draft as well.... Compare the difference....
Get yo jam on!
June 11th on the lake front: Steve Cohen w/ Greg Koch playing at Gathering Waters Fest. Free festival. How fun is that?
same here!!
Totally agree. I think I like the fact that he plays around with music and just tries different things all the time.
aftr prom, ima start training HARD !
Starting off Sunday with some tasty Cherry Trainwreck from Green Gardens.
The Lucky One is a must see for women!
You planned a vacation so your kids could hang out with Mom? Maybe I read your tweet wrong. Heh. Sorry.
Don't be annoyed at the book... be annoyed at your Kindle.
I do!
What a shot!
Good morning rain. You have oerstayed your welcome.
Just saw the Repubs are going to ask for our input into this fall's campaign platform. I could give them an earfull.
you are such a hater. Can't wait to knock you off your high horse.
Amen Mike!
People make me laugh:)
“If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through.” ~Chinese Proverb
Koch Bros are a fun bunch. They have loss of memory, selective memory & delusional memory! Until they get out of politics, we're divided!
Gotta love RHP Nick Petree of MO State..56.2 IP without a earned run and counting!
Company is doing you so proud! ...they are all giving 5000%, and bods are top notch! nary a pointe missed. sexy. ;) namaste'
#didyouknow that if you light a candle under the moonlight and say the name of your crush 3 times, you will look really stupid doing that
Be honest with girls. There beautiful and amazing inside and out. Never be a jerk. Never hit or push.
I see you fam #proudtweet pass some my way ;) “: I just hit 100k shawty!!!!!”
and I just chopped the nightly!
Very slick!
...and they call this confunktion of meme and melody "ART 'n B"
of course harry decides to tweet a billion times when I actually leave the house. of course.
Still need a good facebook app developer. Got some great ideas but need the brains to make it happen. Pls contact!
The hallucinated dancing baby? Devil's work!
Big win for Swansea
We highly recommend the Jolly Roger on South Main St!
played football yesterday with the fam (two hand touch)...paying for that today EXTREMELY SORE! when was the last time I ran like that? lol
Not a lot more beautiful than a full moon setting down on the horizon.
So today is just a Tuesday. Yup. Just a Tuesday.
woke up with the worst headache ever.
Do you use your powers for good or for awesome?
HOW DO YOU TELL THE DIFFERENCE!?
You rocked the mike today at the Economics Trends Breakfast -the best speaker + the best shoes in the whole place
Yay! See you there!
Nice one Pavel:)
I love the way my hair looks after I go swimming <3
And it's official... The Colts take QB Andrew Luck with the 1st overall pick in the 2012 #NFLDraft - next up RGIII, then the fun begins.
Fabulous workshop on the Second Circle from our amazing Zara today!
been there, we did strep test half way to Yellowstone last year, clinic, drug store, and we were back on the road
Thanks everyone for the encouragement because I forgot to mention I'm working until 9 tonight :( BLLLLAAARGH.
Avoid the mall madness! Find special gifts like signed books by John Lithgow, John Hodgman & others. Also save on cookbooks & games at CGB!
Well I'm no longer single xD Ah! I love my boyfriend ;)
Just got to the station to put in some work. Then off to get a haircut...got to get rid of this afro on my head! lol
The Martin Institute and FedEx supports the World Peace film. Check listings at your local PBS station to see when it is airing...
lol one is hotter than the other
RT : BREAKING: Joey Crawford's referee crew has been fired for violating #NBA policy by allowing the #Heat to lose
Our patients are enjoying a warm neck wrap during their appointment on this cold blistery day!
Hello my friends. Life is short. Gotta stop following those who don't follow my tweets. all apologies, but the river flows upstream with me
this is no secret! The sad part is most parents accept it!
you going tonight?
Strome will get every opportunity to make the team. Can see them signing one D and then using one of the kids to fill void.
Why, when you have so much stuff to do, does time go by that much more quickly?
Let me introduce you to the nose whistle : If there is a more beautiful instrument than the violin, I've never heard it.
Iced tea + porch swing + heat lightening show = great show
Thank you for the message. Are you open to relocation or are you strictly for openings on the island?
Sorry about your ride though.
well now we wont knoee till lyk next week -___-'
Wasting away my life in the Thornton Center
Welcome home - miss you! Mama's gonna love you for coming this week - give her my best.
I loved the books. The cartoon, though... New to me. And very odd.
wow that is one amazing institution. Do they also shout when it goes dwn?
halfway to Lexington :):):)
Hi , do you know anything about account? I am working on social media for them. DM me! Thanks!
where are the good old cardinal wright days? everything was so easy back then.
Now leaving the bar....we had a ball!!!
You know you did awesome when you hear cheering in the audience.
KLA/SLA Joint Spring Conference great energizer again. Service and sharing knowledge is what librarians do!
Yep, I got bored :)
I can't believe I'm looking at the Falcons? 21-0 lead in the first quarter?
Thanks for the Twitter love!
nice interview with the author. Fascinating book
"Americans consume now three times the information they did in 1960" - More information outlets, yes; but more spare time to read as well?
: It's not a fear of rejection, it's a fear of losing self-esteem. Solution: Get your esteem from within, not random strangers.
we see you. . ain't no time for play'in
I Wish i Had Somebody Who Cared = [
Electric mass mobility for urban environments
Bishop, will u be reairing the discussion with young preachers that you had today? i missed it!
Thank you to everyone who came out and supported us at CEC's Derby Day at this past Saturday! Over $600 was raised for CEC!
Me & my friends go around singing "My Name Is" by The Seduction Boys all the time, yeah we're cool like that(;
k I followed.
Upon leaving Fort Sumter, I returned to the Charleston Hotel. It was time for me to depart lest I became the war's first casualty.
It's always a good idea to wear sunscreen. Be prepared for lots of sunshine this summer at Rawhide Ranch!
Pageant emails, finishing my Miss SC International application and enjoying the BEAUTIFUL day!
Okay lets hope he says it and follows . on both my accounts
no problem!
#C2C My favorite part about the holidays is spending time with family and getting to open all the awesome gifts! :)
Heat will finish off the #Knicks tonight n not pull a bitch #Laker move
I heard S. Lee tweeted the wrong address! What an assclown!!
ahh I think it's cuz I haven't ate all day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>. Ah that's sucks I would sleep all day lol
My 6 year old gave me a drawing of him giving me a heart while a bad guy tries to eat the heart. I (heart) it so much.
Thanks Downtown!
Chuck Cape's solo piano Christmas Album is now on solopiano.com. Several selections are also on The Stream!
Assoc of Research Libraries statistics: 40% of #books never checked out. #Libraries can't afford any more.
Finished working out now to shower :-)
#wbagala don't call her Karen but Karin Swanson wins for Best Weathercast.
He gives us beauty for ashes....I'll take that trade :)
I'll have to go back to my notes at home.
i love the song my billy currington "like my dog"!
I guess that's alright with me. :)
dharma says, Of all the fragrances -- sandal, tagara, blue lotus and jasmine -- the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest.
locbit allows advertisers to reach customers by #location and only charges when your ad is interacted with
Happy Martin Luther King Day!!
DeSeve at #activateNYC12 supporting #opengov slate, eg DATA Act & DoD public online oversight- "data should generally be open by default"...
These days I attempt to do nice things for ppl w/out an agenda. Sadly, the majority never say thx. Take the time to thank people around you!
"Somebody call a towetruck, cuz this a fucking breakdown."
I just emailed and explained how has ruined my week!
tombstones don't talk back. Thanks for the inspiration. 7 / 7/77
Studio for the 2nd time this week! :)
First task of the day: writing bios for my panel next week at #ASJA2012. Starting to get excited.
140108 Hillary Clinton
I don't mind waking early... still going to bed around 10pm and waking up around 4 or 5am.
have fun girl! I was going to go but Law, then Sugar then Law would have killed me!!! lol priorities
I pinned it, and then felt ashamed of it.
“: Power suit, power tie, power stare” what?
Mom dukes is stopping thru later little does she know I got one rolled up for us I miss our sessions
“: After graduation , I'm burning ALL of my uniforms !” <=== Haha, why??
can't wait for you guys to go live. Already told my friends and we're eagerly anticipating the launch
Me to. But i hope i will one day.
I haven't seen my bestfriend all day :'( *WHERE ARE YOU??
You mad bro? I aint even mad :-)
WOO HOO!!! Minnesota is awaiting the arrival of our new QB & Dallas! So psyched 4 Vikes football!
Ahh Ok Are u Madd At me Srry for all the things I told u
I love finding new music, but I get frustrated when I look at some mixtapes bc I can't tell the artists name from the title of the song...
Oops, thought I was searching, not tweeting! Still getting used to my Droid.
"Beauty isn't caused. It is." ~Emily Dickinson
good stuff, was hoping to At least shake ur hand tonight & greet but Apparently Webster needs new definition of meet
hey pa! How was your day?
Testing is finally over
RT “: Just made my first #slapbet with Is he scared? I think so.”// HEY! I'm not scared...Okay maybe a little!
most minutes he's played I. his career.. haha doubtful but man, what an ass whoopin'
T-minus 30 minutes!!! Our ovens are heating up, hot, fresh, and FREE cookies in store from noon til sundown today! Please RT!
I called ahead and grilled them about it. :) They do an amazing job preventing cross contamination. I was impressed!
people are funny..definitions and boundaries are human constructs that help us feel better about choices we make. life is relative to rt now
Thanks for the RT... that picture just slays me. lol
Dont believe everything you hear, Real eyes, realize real lies
I miss your face!
haha love it
Well.. I'm pretty sure I'm caught up on sleep now. Time to crank out some homework before class at 4:30
Join/Check" INSIDER" 4 psychologists who are players in San Diego's Fam.Law system like drs. Love & Steve Doyne Need to CHANGE this system!
Im #HereForNaya people do such stupid and rude things to get attenition.. stop acting like a bitch towards Naya.. Report him please
one door closed because i closed it , now a bigger and better 1 just opened back up#lordknows #lockouts over see u in febr
You're not on my list of things to do because I've already done you ;p
ye talk later dude!
Love is the self-delusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex.
I would watch Ron Paul va. Newt Gingrich all night. I effing love it.
Hunger Games again
Well that makes sense that the Patriots could force the fumble. they have 12 guys on the field. That's not fair
All company meeting at 11. Always great to get everyone together.
Your a hot mess and I'm falling for you and I'm like HOT DAMN let me make you my boo ;)
Congrats! That's great news. Have fun.
Sorry, pride, for using a picture of Demi Lovato as my model for the hair stylist today.
Yes the Suns t(-___-) lol. I don't want to hear it.
Aww. Thank you for being sweet to my girl. :)
Spinach smoothie: spinach, banana, red grapes, cayenne, cinnamon, vanilla, and ice. Holy shit this is delicious!!!
I voted for Germany
can't wait! Hope I can be a part of it w attagirl or !
WHAT?! Where's my #StarWars peeps at yo? No back-up anywhere... they're a quiet bunch, but strong in the force
Haven't been tweeting lately. Too many hours spent crunching tax numbers...
Dear Los Angeles. All of June is packed. So if you need pictures, lets do this now! Boomtown
Packers gonna put away Da Bears and A rod is gonna snatch Kristen Cavilari from Cutler the crybaby!
Ok im awake.
#YouWereCuteUntil You Pulled Out Your Flip Phone...
you will (:
another innovation from Indigo Tree Publishing - the double-twitter
Had an AMAZING shoot with ANTM Cycle 14 finalist yesterday! Can't wait to share with the world. Stay tuned!!!
#WeKnowTheDJ HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! :) .x
The guy who stops the clock on the ice in Nashville after plays should be flensed.
SB 1458 (Steinberg) would facilitate SBE guidance to look at other school accountability measures like graduation rates
Appreciate the kind words... Thank you, sir.
's showin'photos of louisiana farmers at Cathedral Creative Studios, 527 Julia, 6-9p. Also local snacks on sale.
Yup, now it's a Twific but I'm changing it & making the writing better I can send u the the prologue, would love your opinion :)
There you go! #thebelt lives in Green Bay, but lets just say I'm surrounded by Steelers fans.
hallelujah praise jeebus! I want to be drunk all day Friday. Ring in the summer right!
Missed Dark Star Orchestra #FML Missed Umphrey's McGee #DamnImDumb If I miss Yonder Mountain String Band too, I'm going to chop my ears off
Chapstick & lipliner. Hm... Intriguing makeup tip from SP via #tinafey & Bossy Pants. Audio version is dangerously funny while driving...
Getting soap in your eyes <<<< dear god.
I blame people for getting songs stuck in my head.
Peter Kuntz: Observation on conference: struck by shift in the conference from the static to the dynamic.
Hatley Branch Library Seniors Christmas Party Tues, Dec 6th 12-3p. Bingo, Live Music, Caroling. Potluck- bring a dish to pass and a $2 gift.
Nah... LA rocks! Where else can you be at the beach one minute and in the snow 2 hours later? :)
Do we really need to be told low sperm count is the lead cause of infertility? Isn't that kind of a DUH :-)
i was like the first one in our grade to have one
Why do I always cry during oscar Acceptance speeches? Pretty lame
I'm sure he's referring to your work a a bartender
Fans, pumps and cleaning supplies are in stock.
Eww that shit doukie In that shirt!!! Tyler the Creator :) is AMAZING
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 49
great! i have to talk to Gale to for permission. ill certainly go if funds are available and i am accepted.
go follow she well be the happy girl on earth if u do .!!!!!!!!!!!please
YOUR FUTURE: You said you were going to be stronger this time, but already you're crumbling. What to do? Less I'd say. Crumble with panache
I took 4th place, the wife is happy of course lol! I hope to maybe see you at the WSOP if I qualify on UB.
I GOTTA GO AT NIGHT THO
Agreed! Waiting ages for the new release. RT : now playing on : new , "disparate youth." i love it so much.
hookers keep a little stress relieve for many!! I think hookers are awesome and without us the world wouldn't be the same:)
If you dont know where you are going, youll end up someplace else.
oh rob is freaking awesome! Too funny!
Dont start speaking w/a summery, like I know what ur going2talk about. U won't have my attention the rest of speech.
Whats with you and making look a likes?
THE ROOOCCCCCKKK!!!!! Yea
AUDITIONS in 5 days @ NYC LEATEA Theatre Auditions for Sweet Charity, Jesus Superstar, and Midsummer for ages 13-21 Spread the word!
GURL I NEW U D!D.
We had a great time with everyone at last night's Sauces & Stocks class. The baked mac & cheese and Sauce Maltaise were delicious!
Never let your philosophy outweigh your humanity.
Phillip and Josh please!
That would be amazing! Great idea :D
thx u 4 supporting Ann Romney had a LOT of help raising those boys unlike most stay @ home moms!
What is it about a fresh haircut that can make anyone's day better.
There is no place reserved in hell for the women who formed this group. Heaven awaits. Ask Madeline Albright.
happy belated birthday!!! I hope it was amazing!!!
Thanks, Bill!
Canada goose niggas
As someone not above using hyperbole to make a point, I agree: arugula should NOT be compared to your mom's snatch
thanks :) will do
aw mann i miss my best friend ;/
Philly Sports: Devils make most of their wait between rounds (The Associated Press)
I want to be the best Claire Norris that ever lived :)
haha. well i won't be around kids but i gotta keep it PG-13 or under.
Good Night Be Blessed!
Taking the next two days!!! :)
I'm super nice if you're nice to me. But fuck stubborn bitches.
Great to have you a part of SoloPiano.com Isaac!
good luck getting me off the ski lift too.. I can't even ice skate - how will I ski?!
this is an awesome blog! Gr8 pts. 2 many get caught up in when the next meal is instead of allowing food 2 function as fuel
$3 Jack Daniels Tall Cocktails at Vitucci's today! Plus FREE Toppers Pizza at 11pm! 1832 E North
What are the girls in HBO's Girls talking about half the time? They talk through sex, through Dr's visits and through meals.
Azure now has 148 likes. We need more
The LORD said to Moses, “Speak to the Israelites and say to them: ‘After you enter the land I am giving you as a home and you present to...
lol at least u admit ur an alcoholic
Dr Potenza is a great and inspiring person. Such a great experience visiting the Burn Center
Is happy everywhere... Night friends...
omg i'm begging you!!!
www.igoopon.com TODAY'S DEAL - $10 for $20 Worth of Coupon - Swish Japanese Hot Pot
It's great! // RT : I'm on the waiting list!
The Bucks are probably the WORST team I've ever seen in clutch situations. How many times have they not even got a shot off on th last play?
Another Friday night off.....
tweet dreams space cadets shizzy. going going gone!
If there was a US Department of Job Creation and it was successful, its results would overwhelm the success of Dept of State or the DoD
The fuck is this bullshit, I wake up at 2:30pm, look out the window & there is snow everywhere! Mother nature to tricky bitch.
Oh, how I miss your wit. :)
How r u today
I can't wait to hear the new album and see you guys at Warped! So stoked! <3
No defense awful offense I mean give me a positive td is awful at pg it's tough to watch
#Sabres raising tix prices! And the haven't won a playoff series in how long?
Peter Jackson is a New Zealander, isn't he... another colonist... like you... lol
Savings Tip: I don't even bother 2 u the washcloth just spray the softner (50/50) right on the clothes from the washer. works great
I think the first movie was way better
Balderdash. The party started when you showed up Chris! has a way of kicking things into overdrive is all.
Slow motion for me!!!
I think "I'll Have Another" would be a terrific Obama campaign slogan. Another term that is.
is becoming one of the coolest radio stations I've heard in YEARS. Playing SO MUCH GOOD PDX music!! THANK YOU.
It sounds like during the fight the operator came out to deal with what was going on.
How many people use constant groups that work together over long period of time? #sschat wondering how those dynamics work.
well 4 u cuz u see him like 24/7 and his house xD i havent seen him once!!
cant get on bro internet messin
Let's go Ohio State
Feeling good on this beautiful day!!!
John, forgot to mention that I need you for the Irish part of The International Toast. Give a classic Irish message..
eos volkswagen used Used VW Eos SPORT car for sale - 145 ...
Happy New Year from all of us to all of you! May all your goals and dreams come true in 2012!
Good Morning, Twitter Friends. I hope you all slept well.
great job this morning!
Great Photo! We hope you had a good time!
Coming home to a new car after the SATS is the best feeling in the world <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
$200 gas card up for grabs tonight! Be sure to watch Ten at 10:00 tonight!
Enter Costco at your own risk.
we should make a tourist bingo
if it make you feel better, I had pancakes for dinner.
I would love to tomorrow but going to the #caps game. I do think we need a #wildbeernight in the near future.
But as a parent, it is a scary thing.
Everything in nature is perfect & at peace except to humans. We missed the mark of perfection while everything else continued as created.
hahaha hey I need my coffee before I deal with middle school children! Lol
The theme of this year's conference is "The Amazing World of Magical Thinkers." Learn more at www.GravityFreeDesign.com
Best game of Jenga I've ever seen!
Are the Broncos actually going to win this game? Kill me. Kill me now.
Rainy day. Glad to be here though!
After 2 days off back to work tomorrow #TGIF!!!!!
just stop
boy im up to my 30th tweet WOW AM I NEW TO THISS!!!! need help #feelingbad!!
My boys gave me my moneys worth!
SWEEP: Captain Kirk helps the Mets put it in the books!
Trying to make room reservations for neighborhood association meetings but email to failed. Help?
I need a gf that is not going to cheat*
Catching up on tv.
lol appreciate it man..I know it's ridiculous haha
Tinker tailor soldier spy: understated, like the book, to the point of being comatose, and yet the end is most gratifying. See it.
Hi there Totango
its amazing! Enjoy & travel safely!
I love
i'm going to do one of those fancy inforgraphiks!!@!
I don't like when people poke me on Facebook, doesn't feel right. :/
If I remember our 2nd date correctly, hot Starbucks coffee didn't treat you too well either. PS: Boy, embrace your decision!
Awkward...Like my terrible misspell to you the other day >_< I'm so sorry Dom
so true.
I do! “: I wonder if you think of me as often as I think of you between 2 and 6 in the morning almost everyday.”
My Moma always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what your gonna get
gonna have you two pissed at me and Bob Rigby too haha
Who will police the police is a fundamental question for all societies? The man is a thug...
There is a really nice article about our reopening on the cover of today's American Israelite (and a cute photo of Werner!).
join me on July 23rd for some great brews.
Oh yeah! Here we go!
Have had #140cuse streaming in the background most of the day and it makes me a proud alum.
LOVE YOUR GIFTS, Mike! Keep singing! You are blessing and giving HOPE. Bless you!!
she is the reason for the grid lock who r they kidding?!
": 2 down an im probably gonna eat 40 more LOL!" lol....imagine this am when they came in hot...oh ma gah!
Sorry, friend! :( We can get through the day!
Super productive meeting with and on the lookout for news!
I know! I've been making my almost naked YouTube videos. You guys have to see those.
:-( RT : gonna go walking watching Ed and Maddow leave feeling very angry!
My yearbook picture is hdhdjrgfjckdrbskd ;o I don't like it.
It’s just me, myself, and I and motherfuckers that I came with.
**kneels before Jason Aldean poster......
I will be patient kind faithful and true. To a man who loves music a man who loves art respects the spirit world and thinks with his heart
Groupon's _best_ customers recommend Groupon to all their friends. Maybe you do?
I remember Walker said lebron was over rated....I think not!
You are so awesome as Dr. Hill! Saw you for 2nd time last night. Your character, the way you physicalize it, voice - great!
#dailyfeedback Dick Clark has died. To honor his legacy, send songs heard on American Bandstand. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
I love the smell of strategic planning in the morning.
Just 3 more days till I see him (: <3 --
I ate now I'm sleepy, see it works
Just heard John Leutner give the best presentation i have ever heard on learning org transformation; I am blown away!
Republicans need to be at the polls in November to take back our Nation. Vote! Vote!
ight(: Me too goodnight brother <3:))
oh ok that's what's up. Yea I think so
My juicy lips...
still you never know hit up my phone next time
i'm thinking beach in a little while...
Ivy, this is so kind and thoughtful of you. I'm so flattered! Thank you!
My little Man gone with his Mom. Officially Bored.
Unfortunately, I was tied up last night. I hope the show went well!
So hungry. Still have an hour left of this stupid class!
I tried to go back to sleep but only managed 30 minutes before Monday worries woke me up again.
The adversity and set backs revels itself in a verify of ways. Often times the creation of our own faulty thinking.
Last minute costume shopping? Check this out: Trendy Halloween costumes for 2011
checked in, checked out, checkmate
One of the main advantages of #V-Cube software is that it is available at cheaper rates. It is a very easy to use.
Love how I bought a good amount of food that need milk, butter, etc in order to make it. But did I buy those? Of course not. Fml
Thanks ! Only felt old when I realized this is the 4th & all the kids will have children in a few months. *Grey hairs appearing*
Pleasantly surprised at how easy the airport has been today...
I wanna get tatted . >.<
dance party!
Thx! : #Author #FF writes childrens #booksand supports #autism. One of my fav Twitter finds! Follow & see.
lol foreal! You were born in the wrong year haha. I look more like your age & you look like mine.
if this isn't a joke we should talk.
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>21
Who wants to meet the #Pittsburghsuperhero at the #Steelers game
is on his shit with the music
Just got home, people just left...tryna see what plans I got
With Wine and Hope, anything is possible!
weekend is over. Back to the grind, wishing I was at
Does Ivy tech have a fight song?
oh my goodness, my whole right arm is sore from writing! And I have watched enough Law and Order to make anyone paranoid!
aww, you're the best! miss you already!
O man I can't wait to eat some fucking oatmeal for lunch
At just made my Day
we've known each other SO long&dont see each other offen but we talk (:
Yup RT : I need to get a list of all DMV #NT on here.
hahah that was so funny, I would've died of embarrassment if it were me .
What is your favorite time of year? Mine is summer time. I love being active outdoors.
i had the best lunch period in a while.
The ten crack commandments >
Miriam Posner (): faculty, stop saying there will be academic jobs; students, make better school/program choices
good night tommorow make something of yourself life is to short
hope he gets well soon!!!!!!
3 UNC players entering draft, when is EA sports gone bring the NCAA hoops game back?
White Sox looking awful against Red Sox, hopefully not a sign of how we will fair all season vs elite teams. Can't sneak in like that.
Thanks for the RT Stephen!
Hey, i hope u feel better!:)
Arrogance is SICKENING. Pride is repulsive. Vanity is rampant. mitch daniels & the Johnsn Cnt govt r repulsuve, sickening, arrogant, & vain
yeah but some people from my school got the paper results today i guess
Realizing things too late <
Might be ditching the in-ears for the next show. If we do, it's gonna get loud...which is awesome.
Fund established for family of Officer Timothy Brenton. Donate @ any Bank of America branch: “Brenton Family Assistance Fund.” ^ec
not enough hours in the day to play.
It feels really incredible to walk into my store and see that coffee has been flying off the shelves.
Nothing stays the same....
glad to see you here!!
Me too, my addiction goes beyond English too RT : Confession: I enjoy looking at, collecting other syllabiis...
Audition Tip: The things that make you what are also make you what you're not.
bridesmaids dress and rehersal dinner dress, check. still can't believe my best friend is getting married.
Yes see you tomorrow! ": Love that $1 sandwich deal. Does Ohio/St Clair still count as a loop location?"
i need to tweet more! so here it is: I'm going on a 2 mile run today holla - eugene
Congrats on becoming an uncle again!!!
congrats on completion - good luck, hope to see you at #pilus cc
At this country spot called LJ's. Off the hook y'all
Why is it so cold in this apartment
fell off today assholes..
Why not, its Tuesday?
Everyday is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been & look at what can be
Starting up the Greening Your Library workshop with Kathryn Miller.
Agreed. It's a major shift in traditional thinking, especially with 4 generations in the work force.
you mean shooting threes from five feet behind the line with a guy in your face is not an offense?
to health and prosperity!
Congrats to our friends at evanston homebrew society & for their 3rd place at beer hoptacular.
You got people that surround you They gone try they best to down you . Keep them squares up out your circle
Come on, Chiefs, win this game! - Andrew Luck...lmao!!!
having this come up in my superbowl laden feed = the best
I wanna see morissey in concert next Tuesday ): <33333333
WHO HAS AN iPAD AND LIVES IN LA??
Joan Cusack (John's big sister) turns 49 today. She was the principal in School of Rock. Awesome.
Sleep is for people with no internet connection.
sweat pants and comedy... Yeah, the single life is rad!
Try it with a nice syrah.
I love Andy Pettitte, but we've got enough Brett Favres in the world.
Why are stories so funny?? Haha
I don't know any that serve Four Loko, but you may be able to find some decent beer places.
thanks for the plug. Ya and Great combo
It couldn't be any less convenient than parking at airports (altho it was pre 9-11 and much easier)! I already think I'll love it!
RT How do u know the media supports President's position on gay marriage? It's not a "flip-flop"; it's a "historic decision"
u ate them all and don't give non to
Solid performance in lib work experience + good references are as good as personal-networking I think. Just my 2 cents.
Round the rocks the rugged rascal ran
Yep, test raped me.
Love Has No Gender.
Excited to be attending dinner party at Mayne Stage
hellz yes!! i missed them last time they played a reunion show. <3 Bob Nanna
he is next to me lol
Carlon Brown has been a man on a mission during the #Pac12Tourney. If wins he is clear MVP.
Hope is a waking dream. Aristotle
Broncos just scored yahhh come in for the Game Special $35 an 8th All Top Shelf Strains
The best way to explore a city is with your own eyes and feet.
friday dude.
I am not sure about the hairfall.
So over it.
he's giving him potty mouth! RT : funny is pretending to be son & we're going along
Prepping for the #Leadeship Retreat! Our girls are in for two days of intensive workshops on leadership, team-building, and
yeah it's about that time ; this baby going down for a nap
Sharla is really pouring it on St Johns. 7 shots, 2 on with a goal. Keep it up Bulls!
Hey, at least now we know Harry's not dating Lily Halpern ;)
Am I the only 1 who thinks Impractical Jokers is not that funny? I think you need to be in touch w ur masculine side 2 enjoy it. :)
meet me in the hall way
Saddened by yesterdays passing of #JohnArnold former CEO of food bank in Comstock park MI. Tremendous innovator and food bank mentor. RIP.
Im such a criminal.
Truly sobering! I had the match on the TV, but I fell asleep upstairs. Just woke up & saw your tweet!
Home from #SpiritsofMexico! So many new tequilas...wonder how many will be around in another year.
Down to the wire finishing #Knock, #Rising, and #Rings. All-night edit party! -JO
Well, I guess that's good??
All the best, sir!
Thanks for the follow Rich!
Gotta say, I am at a loss for where the browns go right now
#DrupalCon I am inside you.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you run into your "friends" ex...
Thanks for the #SunStandStill mention. We hope you are enjoying the book. Have a blessed day. ^staff
Anyone have biz card recommendations that aren't moo (weird sizes) or vistaprint (poor quality) ?
Great chance encounter with and this evening. 15 minutes of instant mood awesomeness.
I'm insecure, I know what for. I'm not Danielle, 32, or Eleano-o-or
hahah what a cutie
Advisory Board recommends privatization of Winchester House service
I should really have more confidence in myself & not assume worst when prof holds my paper back to discuss after class.
I wanna stay because its so beautiful but all of the "no trespassing" signs tell me I gotta go. I mean... I love Jesus too.
Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel.
CNN Is Terrible. Here&#39;s Why.
Enjoying my favorite day of the week, Saturday! Writing, hanging with Tay and Trav.
was it the soft cooked egg or layers of bacon and grilled onions and aioli that finally turned it to bloodsport for you?
love you <3
jake schirmer it was your birthday yesterday
It's NATO time! -> Please note that the , , and will be closed to the public May 19-May 21.
There is a Yoga class at the Campus Center and Aerobics class at PE 156 at Noon.
Great ideaRT : I'd love to figure out how 2 rotate inside of iPhone camera so can hold it portrait but shoot in landscape. Stealthy
I'm a Gmen fan so I love it
shit defense on that clearance. not like there's a trophy at risk, ffs, Ajax
If we let good things into our lives, we'll get our needs fulfilled. It's up to us to open the door to the goodness we deserve & welcome it.
Thank you for taking the time to come speak to us at last night!
I made this acount becouse i love Austin. <U+2665>
we are "learning" a lot from it LOL RT: how's that education lottery going?
Show-off.
Yay! Michael/Maria baby. I like that. Did Kyle and Izzy end up together?
Make it a great day!
Turkey bowl in the morning! Me and are dressing to impress!
regardless it's the funniest thing I've ever heard
haha that is very true but I still remember being awed by how awesome the game was to me lol
Things are going great! I start my career soon man. I'm psyched!!!!
Ok, Wednesday, you won. I'm going to bed.
Prince, she had used condoms in her pocket. There's no night of the week that makes that alright.
i'd miss talking to u too <3
Many Republicans & some Democrats are pushing entitlement reform. Do U believe that Social Security is an entitlement or something earned?
Wonderful! Just what we like to hear.
Haha it would be better if you where here to warm me up!!!
Watch this space for a quick competition to win a 1hr professional #Tarot reading over the weekend on www.shindigtarot.com
Im ok now lol
lol how Long have u had twitter for lol?
can I be in ur story?
I've been watching way too much 24 lately to be on this sketchy little plane <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><U+2708>
I know people will have their own opinions but really. You're gonna try to put a republican back in office so things will NEVER get better?
New Costume Stone Age Style Men ’s Wrist Bands
I jus hate everything bout it
you got it!
It's almost swimsuit season- let Epicurean Lite help get you swimsuit ready! Place your order online www.epicureangroup.net
It's not even my birthday
Did you mizz me
thank you!:)
If some asshole cuts u off or won't let u get over its because the driver is Hasidic.
I love watching parents fail with technology (:
;) I knew what you meant. Agreed!! RT : Nothing better than spending time with the family.
I got up remembering to thank him, better things to do do I start drinking
It's the little things: wipe content from circing ipads AND the devices themselves. Get those clorox wipes ready!
Hiya Friends! So many amazing things happened in Albuquerque this weekend. Which one(s) did you participate in?
Lots of ownership news this AM. Saints Owner Tom Benson to buy NO Hornets; Maloofs to file relocation & don't like arena deal?
Excited for the trip to Boyne, MI. spotted the local rod&gun club. Benelli in hand, just wish I had a bk lab 2 match
The worst feeling is when someone makes you feel special, then suddenly leaves you hanging, and you have to act like you don't care at all.
#wehobigread We have a book discussion group today at 7pm and on Saturday(3-5p) a panel discussion on Art and Activism.
...experts? The darkness of early morning will sadly be obvious on Monday.
Wanna squeeze 'till it squeaks!/ RT : #Quack! So what do you think of our duck face? ...
Sounds like this is Hokum..
You have very round and shapely boobs. They're pleasant.
Great week of networking. Met with Joe Kennedy this AM. What a great guy! Started Eastside Entrepreneurs. Check it out! Thanx Joe!!!
i have the urge to play freddie fish right now.
Hey Halloween is tomorrow, so enthused, I am going to be a... #KILLJOY ya!
I'm afraid to sit anywhere now because I might break the chair. <U+E105>
yes they is amen thank ya Jesus I heard it on the radio & I miss big tiga too that would be a good combo <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
You did great :)
We would love to!!tell us more!!
Eating McDonald's. Yum.
love the new kicks
Flyers lost, this guy is sad and disappointed :( well heading home to watch the new Fact or Faked: Paranormal Files on my DVR!!
Just watched "Game Change", it's a must-see.
I'll never be perfect.
Could you spare an invite for me? I would be eternally grateful.
Thanks for hosting!!! We had a great time & were so happy to be a part of
I want my copy of whatever now not later tonight.
yup same
love sucks. 3 years single and not looking/wanting anyone after being played Girl told me she love someone dead more
Hello hello
I can't stop refreshing the Marketplace to see if 2.1 has populated. I can't wait!!
better start catching up-BH
Just running the Urbanspoon reservation lottery for Ludobites. again has something up her sleeve . . .
Mitt sat in his church & had his kids baptized there?": : LDS CULT leader sex w/young girls? If you call out Rev.Wright,
Crapola!!!!! No Rose=No good. RT: : When Jerry Reinsdorf makes a trip to #Bulls locker room after the game, it's not a good sign.
The risotto with artichokes I just had us quite possibly the greatest thing in the history of eating.
We are a proud member of the Pittsburgh Music Alliance check out the new website at www.pittsburghmusicalliance.org.
you too.
But he doesnt know that :P
you minx. It's been a while since I wore a bustier.
thank you... A little startled but you helped!
The Memphis locations will always have a special place in my heart but the NYC restaurant is a new fave!
Frank knew that no man had ever crossed the desert on foot and lived to tell about it. So, he decided to get back in his car and
Social media blackout over. The Avengers was epic and awesome and worth the wait. If you think otherwise your opinion is wrong.
thanks for everything meet some more T6B leaders:
#Mexico First x24 was abt quake &tsunamis & nuclear-6 mos later was Japan; now x24 Mexico effort 2 help Mexico & did-huge credit to NORTHCOM
You go girl! Happy Women's Equality Day ladies :)
#hiring #poultry #ohio production manager email #resume to for more info
THANK YOU to all who offered up advising me they loved their Alphasmart. I ordered it. LOVE MINE!!!
Dude about to cry
that's what's up! Get it in sweety!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
This is a test to see how HootSuite Works!
fine, but how do people know we are together if we aren't tweeting?
Econ will be the death of me.
If you want to be a guest on Dark After Thoughts please email me at or .
doennig. I missed her class for track. So I'm behind on the brochure
wasn't being very nice to me after practice <U+E401>
It's a GREAT day to be ALIVE!
You're hair is so long!
It's krazy how God Work
With maple syrup instead of ketchup.
Our brochures and swag have been flying off the table by the entrance to the expo. If you have q's, tweet us!
got a 60% on my geometry test today...
you can't trust nobody in this world, not even your own shadow!
Patron needed help getting online.
May we be safe, may we be happy, may we be healthy, may we be calm--#lovingkindness,
so we're standing up red shirt black shirt
Mobile technology initiative, Anderson U. - all freshmen get an iPad
#Hawks playing with confidence. Not intimidated by #Bulls. Whether they play smart enough is another issue.
"All the pieces matter." - Lester Freamon
What would you do if you had an infinite amount of money??
does this mean you're gonna marry Charles?
Does fuzzy logic tickle?
Great to know about the new playhouse! Thanks!
I can't believe you are a senior
hoping you all will be submitting #Gallaudet. How do we make that happen?
if Stat did permanent tendon damage, would the contract become voidable since it was non-game, non-practice, self inflicted?
"Lala I'm not listening." *conversation continues* "Wait what did she say!?"
Can't wait to hear it bro!! You keep me inspired.. Peace
Lmaooo! Thanks boo!!!
'Does information theory have a scale problem?'
#MyFavMichaelJacksonLyric has to be " Anne Are You Okay ?" lmao
Celebrating by having lunch with my honey !
coconut shrimp, grouper creole, wine, Caribbean breeze...
My tweeting will be cut down 50% during the next week due to Diablo 3.
OK lol RT : Come Travel with Me
- unknownWhere there's a will, there's a way
#WW Thank you for the RT! Hope all is wonderful in your world :)
That never works
that's pretty much what I heard
At least two jurors appear to be crying alongside Traci Lopez as she testifies about the wreck caused by Julie Ann Bronson & it's aftermath.
dang lol I don't know that's a good question aha..but you still coming to my party so it don't matter lol
Forever jamming to cute is what we aim for in my room.
where can I buy swagg?
3 years with Bar Louie - what a ride! Find something you can dedicate yourself to and life takes on a whole new purpose. Wife, child, job.
Oops. My bad. Still a dull name. RT hate to break this to you but other stores carry "Nice" brand name products also.
I don't wanna see there. Let's switch places. =)
May Have Made Sum Dumb Mistakez But I Neva Been A Weak MINDED Female#Mama DidntRaiseNoFool
Bieber respect man.
Wish I had some juicy lips n a pretty face rollin up this loud for me :/
#MBA candidates are currently hearing back from #Kellogg! Good luck to those who have applied!
i wanted to send fanmail but I have no idea where to send it lol can you tell me?? and please follow? #ForeverAMahomie (:
ok so what r u doing tomorrow?
I am also close to my goal of sleeves. The urge doesn't go away. Ever.
Blazer tix up for grabs!! Who what's them $59
Not embarrassed that I just sang high enough and highway to the danger zone at the top of my lungs on the way home
Watching the #darknight can't wait for the next one to come out this summer
yeah i know you have been...dont worry everything will work out in your favor in the end. no pressure!!!!
You could be my girl girl girl, and I'll still love you if you ruled the world world world.
it's ok tara, i still love you!!
POLL: Jim Jarmusch films. Love 'em? Don't like 'em? Indifferent? Tim and Matt here are of differing opinions. What do you think of the guy?
I'm near Dallas Texas doing a film shoot for Friday's restaurant, it's called Friday's Night Live, we film 3 full episodes for each day of …
Last year bought Thxsgiving Day H.S. football tix & gave them away @ retail,no purchase necessary. #thatscool via
Ok, just had bartender throw her bra at me while she was working. And I'm not at Coyote Ugly. So its actually an accomplishment.
is my favorite! NO ONE can move like her, she is insanely talented and gorgeous too
#newnordstrom now red
#RushLimbaugh Sponsor Exodus Hits 34 as Sandra Fluke Fallout Continues. Cue up your queue, NetFlix is OUT! Bravo !
Congrats to slake contributor for being a livingston award finalist! You deserve it!
Should have been premeditated first degree because he pursued. But atleast they are doing something.
I knew a guy in college who made it through an entire summer break on $50 of three-for-a-buck macaroni & cheese he bought in June.
Simply put I pray for the families of the victims of
yay sunshine!! Happy Friday Bev!! Hope you have a great day and an amazing mother's day weekend!!
Just landed role in a feature. 7 shorts all set in a coffee shop. My segment is written by blanche Baker. I play a lesbian author. How now!
How to refine a rain garden - Minneapolis Star Tribune
This morning I woke up with a moment of true peace. It was wonderful. Then reality set in. Tomorrow I shall try to make peace last longer.
The 1% reaped 93% of $288 Bil in new income created in 2010; 93% of $288b not enough to create jobs!! More tax breaks says GOP!
Well hi there again ;) yes I'm still here but I'm slowly falling asleep so :o xoxo <U+2665>
i never tried it, i've been wanting to..but i do like couscous!
why when i have olive ;) lol the love of my life duh delanie xD
tired.. had a good day 2day :)
I know exactly where that is i am going to be out at emerald isle just for a little vacation soon
I have always noticed that whatever faction i choose on a server it is always the under dog, i suck at picking factions/servers
have you tried animoto for those? It's fun and easy!
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. Don Marquis
NBC knows that everyone that watches Community doesn't have shit to do on Friday night.
Watching my bball CATS in august!!
Banks are nixing ATM withdrawal fees! I now don't have to spend 10% to get $20! Thank You
now following
The 2010 Raymond R Collection No 7 Field Blend is good but improves with time Red cherries, good color, tangy upfront, no finish. Thumbs up
The Lord is my rock, my fortress, and my deliver Psalm-18:2
no, that was my thriving artist tweet for the week. I read that line in an interview for Wesley's retrospective at P.S.1.
Can't wait!! You are definatley my idol no doubt about it!!! Love you Demi my lifes been changed all because of you((:
love you mother monster! we need you here in nyc again to give us strenght again!
That one person who thinks everyone likes them when really, no one does
Dont know if I could ever be Without you Cause boy you complete me And in time I know that well both see That were all we need <3
Though your heart feels like it has been shattered into pieces, over time your heart will heal and fix itself.
i wish i had a friend like he is so sweet and caring<3
Thanks I'll follow Always appreciate great #print design
shoulda just said it.
This is the saddest Game 7 the Lakers have been involved in since 2006. Hell, it's sadder.
They tell the djs and producers they got them and don't even publish the work
thomas dean and i are djing tonight at the box. we are also valentines. isn't' that cute?
anderson went to Cal-too easy! Lol
I can change a car's oil and brakes. I can mount a tv to a wall and build a book shelf from scratch. And I'm a bottom. Lol
It's Friday! We hope our Twitter family has the best weekend!
having road rage in my bus
Is it on Netflix?! I wanna watch!
An account with 1,700 followers is "verified". I have 2150, where's my fucking checkmark?
In Houston for the weekend? Make sure you visit us today, tomorrow we are closed!
Just passed a Peter Lik gallery.. Definitely stopping in there before I leave.. I could see his work a million times & never get sick of it
great wknd in cbus with some of my fav musicians/friends. Appreciate you
Part of me is saying I miss you , my other part says SCREW YOU MAN!! Lol
starting another show . Come join in and add your comments . www.FocusSociety.com
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure
That was my favorite because I was never assigned Austen in high school, college, or library school.
Love that is tweeting it up -- during and after the show! I keep checking to see if #KSLAM trended -- next week! Dang NFL Draft
Seriously.... I hate season finales... Seriously....
IDK whos on the radio right now but its kickin ass
WHUT.....how did me suggesting something nice and doing a good deed end up screwing me over. Well I did not think this thru!
um a whole bunch of ppl! Lol <U+E414> idk where to begin <U+E406>
Blow Blow, Blow dhat kush likee ah candle.. Blow Blow, Blow dhat money likee ah candle..
I can only do so much.
follow back? =D
Stop by the Beachside Cafe and chat with Macadamia Apps to learn more about the launch of their newest app
Tennessee hired who?? Cuonzo Martin??
LPMR sends it's condolences to David Jones' family. We will miss you and your music. Thank you for the memories.
Schefter reporting that PM has narrowed it down to the Cards & Broncos One source told Schefter that PM is leaning toward Denver
Its friday and im feeling great:D have a good day everyone :)
i really want an ice creme ...
Designing clothes is cool, I like to take nothing and make something from it, awesome!!! You wear it, and its one of a kind
They were talking to the Houston Center.
I think Nietzsche's twitter is giving me insomnia.
Wiping my system clean for a complete reinstall.
Dude u r the Gigantor of Storage. Nobody's taller than u except cc
On right now is Rich Muny of the PPA. Tune in!
lol men? im a man...wow lol jk...but im just up tryna get use to twitter
Well since I clearly can't fall back asleep I guess I'll be productive until I can
Is there any difference b/w #3M tattletape for disks and #tattletape for books? Would using strip intended for books do damage to a disk?
The next big change is coming, and I'm freaking ready for it.
..chosen to get married early after 18yrs... //Hope your lives are filled with MUCH happiness! Congratulations
What did i do? I'm just shocked the Sixers beat da Bulls' second team.
brothers home. I think I can go to sleep without worrying now :)
what could make winning it all more satisfying than beating #Kentucky along the way?
He's kind of old now. Maybe it should be "Boobs Like Jagger."
and you come to the realization that none of it even mattered......
#20ThingsAboutMe I HATE BUGS
oh yeah but u ain't say y'all was married
oh.... ur not following me soo i cant follow you back......
You're welcome. :)
There is only one terminal dignity - love
|||!|+ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
I thought I was following you...???... did you change twitter accounts scrub?
*Gets a text*.. .*Grabs Phone*. .*Reads Name*. ..*Lays phone back down without replying* ¯\(<U+30C4>)/¯
Start off 2011 with the right tools to conduct proper workplace investigations: www.BusinessControlsStore.com
I would love to hear them.
I'll take it as you didn't run into any thugs. Or get mugged hahaha.
DreamChaser but I ain't talkin Freddy kruger! Everyone follow my man download iTunes do it all! Get wit it
They're all just as lost as you are.
of course I WOULD find the one hole in the grass while wearing wedges and completely bust my butt.
damn wade got away with a walk
A million feelings. A thousand thoughts. A hundred memories. All for one person
SO GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT OF MY HEAD. AND FALL INTO MY BED INSTEAD.
When did bk get rid of chicken fries?! Wahh
I Understand you are trying to be different but tone it down a bit
At what point does the conference fad turn from expansion to contraction? Would anyone miss Indiana/Minnesota?
today tho>!. got a chance to see my babe.
Is going to be in Chicago July 16!!! Ah!! Can't wait :-) now if I ever get a retweet and a follow my lyfe would b made ;-)
Come celebrate St. Drunken's Day (4/21) with us! Direct Message us or contact your nearest RvD friend for more info.
Most of the chatter was on Facebook tonight. Feel free to post if you want to share your thanks for books.
The way to 's heart is #support and #respect. Support Justin & Selena
Ross Lynch <U+E106>
giving an openspace shoutout in #sxserendip ...more value in networking conversations vs. panels at
u guys still there?? Could I pick up the girls if u are??? Save me a trip back up later
Love her! RT : Julie Bowen is hilarious... "I wear Spanx to bed."
#10ThingIFindAttractive 's smile (:
Too Blessed to be Stressed!
"Life does not have to be perfect to be wonderful." - Annette Funicello
I dare you to follow me back baby <U+2665>
Feeling like the year is just beginning, but it's already over........
FROM THIS MOMENT ON I WILL BE IN YOUR LIFE FOREVER <3
Just $15 gets you in, free recovery drink, and a chance to WIN some amazing stuff!!!!! BE AT BOOT CAMP THIS SATURDAY!
I'll join with the same promise.
Can't we all just get along?
Thomas here
God I need help..
listening to music
Social change comes from personal testimony - motivating people by connecting their relation to individual autobiography and experience.
2 Chainz is better than future
Remember that age old question: “Why do we drive on the parkway and park on the driveway?” Was there ever an answer?
! Action is eloquence !
Great choices! I'm a big fan of his
Today in 1918 Actors Douglas Fairbanks and Charlie Chaplin sold war bonds on the streets of New York City's financial district.
Impressed that getting through the airport seemed so easy with Jetblue...
No one calls a ballgame like Vin RT : Listening to Vin Scully for the first time this season. Life is good.
don't only be interesting, be interested. Ask the right questions to build your credibility
S/O to my newest follower !
Another terrific #shakespeare opening night at TWO GENTLEMEN OF CHICAGO
see, I've been waiting all day
Bell: Create grids across communities to solve local problems.
and - you guys rocked the house at the PNC tonight! Loved it. I had the best birthday ever. Thanks you guys! <3
KSC_MOCOPScrub. 24hr turn around.Watch launch coverage live at: www.nasa.gov/ntv
Thinking of shutting my twitter
Had a great vacation weekend with
Yep. The horror. The horror.
are you fascinated or frustrated?
..Hey did you get my email?
I thought it was so funny that he didn't say "You always wear green" like Green Bay is a color : ) I'll never get pinched
Sometimes I wonder how I grew up so quickly. I can remember being six, in school at Lakeview Elem., reading about Frog and Toad.
WE WANT TACOS!!!
is campus empty already? Seems quiet out there.
scared of the tri but I do love the idea of Whistler in July. Can I doggy paddle?
Foul or Defend...YES! Celtics foul. with 3.4 to go
have you ever heard of this lame?
Hope u joined Mr.Thunder&others 4 da 10th annual walk starting :00 PM on 96th & Amsterdam in Nyc.Shut down ur PR celbs&do something useful
Friend good vibes and solidarity today :-) it's an important day for peacemakers aka troublemakers.
AMAZ! Sunroof open...sun shining...music blaring.
At home with bad headache ugh I can't Even deal
What a gwarn star
Who is playing Satana in the Moon Girl trailer this summer? I know a gal...Hint, Hint...
That's even better! just make sure to splash a little water on the bit and the score line as you go, prevents the glass from heating
Life is like a jungle, Sometimes it makes me wonder how i keep from goin under!
Be on the look out for are next single!!
good game yesterday Norris keep up the hard work brody!
Haven't read "The Geopolitics of Emotion," but I should have. On my buy list now.
I am so tired today!! Stayed up til 4 a.m. building a program for my business. Hope everyone is having a great day...
Thanks to all the wonderful speakers who submitted proposals! Expect a schedule soon!
Listening to new John Mayer-luv it &little older JM as well with a dose of Gr8 music
missing you in Arizona thank goodness for twittwer and your music!
im eating dinner while on one direction part of youtube, I saw Harry do a weird dance and i choked on my food. HARRY YOU ALMOST KILLED ME!!
You will love being there live, John! The announcements are very exciting!
I wish I had Siri , she would be my bestfriend. Lawl
Congrats goes out to my idol/hero Tony Romo for having his first child today. May he live a happy and blessed life.
that is the oddest vibrator ive ever seen though. Ahahaha it looks so uncomfortable.
Gotta juss let God be God.
Up and at it early!!!
you believe me right?
what did kim do 2 you? The questions u asking me ask ur self weirdo!?!
you did a great overview of #VoiceThread for our class this evening. I learned a great deal from your showcase.
and, what I meant by that was FOLLOW ME! lol
Andersons suit is god awful.
where is catt williams , you need to get your ass out here man. pp
m just had iced tea.
Christmas Carol with Nothing like Christmas play to get you excited for Christmas!
Woo I beat in Words
Bring the kids to #Easter fun tomorrow! Hop to the Bunny Train and take a trip around the market!
Its Spring Break. Its gonna be a blast!!!!!!!
I will make sure to tune into the Today show tomorrow to see what you two are up to!
Steak and shake is disgusting
Of course! I am also an eater of chocolate. :-p
It doesn't do it all the time, maybe when RockMelt has been open for a while or I have a lot of tabs open?
Next week, join art journalist Martha Rosler as she discusses her work at the Baltimore Museum of Art. The event happens May 2 at 7:30pm.
i think im gonna go to detention after school.
when your brother is following all of your friends <
Home plate ump is all over the place in sox-yanks. Balls have been strikes, strikes have been balls for sure.
Check out "Live A Dream Real Estate" on Facebook!!! That's what's up!
Thank you, have a great weekend.
“: Alabama and thanks I can take you up on that BTW your very beautiful”thx and it's a bet
If by "weird" you mean "awesome," then I totally agree!
We miss you already.
your always butting into my conversations Torey
that's such a lovely name! Hehe, nice to meet u too Amy!:]<U+2665>
No problem I got u. U r officially followed!
lol then follow me :p
Going home from work. Tonight I'll be picking up extra Girl Scout cookies
#GagaCollabWithBritney might surprise you! Both very talented and creative artists.
You are a fan's fan my friend
Clint Eastwood in a western on AMC. He should be happy in the film cause he doesn't have to tell anyone to get off his lawn...
: I am so tired of dealing with ghetto ass shit, I done made some bad decisions in my life
kicked someone off a kickball team? WTF. why are adults playing kickball anyways?
Ah my teacher is playing fases un clases. Reminded me of (:
i have my english 627 seminar at 3:30-6:10, i like this class its just too long!
When I Think of you! I always look at sky! So where I can zone out and its just me and you love!.
I'm going to look back at this time in my life and think I was either insane/naive or a genius. Only time will tell.
Gonna create some crazy ass comic for the internet screw the art just have great jokes
Cowboys, Patriots meet for first time in four years
Rest. Recover. MindFirstFitness
Follow 's tweets for updates from the Natl. Forum on Youth Violence Prevention held today & tomm in DC
I've been there a lot for friends and work, but I'm not there now. Next time I visit let's nerd the fuck out.
trying to get my employees' wives jobs (well, wife) at ALA no less - anybody at want a recommendation from me for her?
Shout out putting in work for "Night Shades" drops 04/13/2012
Hiking is so chic, until you go hiking.
Nigga better pop that Bean lol
ha. Thanks. It's gross.
Annoyed with the male specimen. Dont come @ me likeUv never made A mistake,uv made plenty! Dont just be mad @ me, its ur fault too!
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
With all the hype about where Hazard and Kagawa will go, Viola fans will have to come out from behind the couch sometime. Jovetic is next.
WORD!!! You preached that shit good!
I leave the trash cans open. I leave cupcakes out for them. I caught one last spring but we didn't bond as I hoped we would.
omg. canadian grad schools don't require the gre or any other tests. i'm going to grad school in canada!
Thank you
this is true.
Fantastic! RT I'm in RT Who's coming to Richmond for Installation of the VA Eta Chapter of #PhiKappaPsi? 4.21.12
My 39 hour Wednesday is finally over. Hooray!
Thanks for the mention! (Sorry for the delayed response.)
#NFAIS If you're going to design for an ereader, make sure you use one first.
San Antonio spends one day atop the listener ranks of Rhythm & Jazz Radio and what happens? New York City & Los Angeles bump SA down to 3rd!
But he is an "internet expert," Steve. He sells books and stuff. He must know more than you...
My uglass lil nigga got a new avi.... now I want a new one :/
One more: Johnson, Lindstrom, Ayala & ODay: 1 ER in 43 innings. #orioles pen is a force
hopefully tells the story of how that went down...
Hey, Tonnie, That was me helping to set up your cupcakes and slipping your calling card into the gift bags. Go red velvet!
Is there a gay bar outside the Castro where one can watch the game? In no mood for Mission Bay-South Beach fans tonight.
My thumb hurts Wtf'
I have neither express nor written permission ...
another beautiful day for golf!
Maintaining any semblance of a predictable schedule these past few weeks has been a laughable proposition at best.
Just got my copy ;) RT : Spending some quality time getting to know The Startup Owner's Manual by Steve Blank.
Trader Joes is the best!
I hate it when a guy sends mixed signals!
My friend Julie says Nolan Ryan.
Include us in your #ff and we'll do one back for you! ready.. go! ps- dont forgot we still have spots open for the tour
A full week of events and consultations! is thrilled to have met with three new couples this week! May is BOOKED!!!!
One Explota Ovarios Direction exploding ovaries? one direction?
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving
that is not the optimal weekend sight.
Loving my mix master
Still awake. Yea probably not goin to school
It's official - my nerd status has been elevated to Red. I'm not proud of that.
is pondering weekend plans.
Yup. RT : Tom Brady singlehandedly ruined the NFL. All these fucking dumb penalties and rules of the last 10 years are his fault
hahaa you are!
totally counts. It's just microblogging
Home sweet home!
Busy bees. End of May 23rd through June 1st? I'd just like an idea, really. By the way, may I ask who I'm talking to right now?
I like that version a lot actually.. good find
Video 20,21 are up Thanks to my Special guest (Via Skype) Brad Crinklaw for his input
A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money.
I can't get you off my mindd. <3
The #Cubs fucking Suck.....
Saw the gentleman filming bicycles again today - wearing a helmet and standing beside his own bike. #camouflage ?
ha! Just downloaded app. This could be dangerous
that's great that it all got sorted out :)
Good for you! And I've recently changed to setting 25m or 55m mtg requests to allow getting to that NEXT call *on time*
RT: What is #INSPIRATION? A must read book by a fabulous friend capturing the spirit and essence of women we all admire.
everyone heading home today PLEASE be careful, only by the grace of god that I swerved and avoided accident on the highway
Really wish my dogs would think sleeping in is cool.
i wasn't that drunk ?!!! dude you threw a toothpick in the forest, and yelled "ur home "
Check out this gr8 PLink co: ": We find your target. Saving time for a sales prof.. like the $250k opp uncovered last week!!!"
A point guard should never foul out, ever
Meeks!!! Great start for him! We need him to get going!!
that's my favorite book...it was so funny
Great question! Just asked the kids on that question - can't wait to hear/share their answers.
#WhenImBored I shoot some ball :)
can you get to the Bud Light Hotel? I have 2 tix for you
Watch out Salseros, and especially the New York on 2 dancers. I just brought me a dance lesson package
I'll pass your comment on to John. Thanks!
Every thug needs a lady
Us too! Our skin is anxious to try it :)
I told her do that thing I like and she fkin did it...she did it
That Lasagna was amazing! Great hang last night while listening to some fantastic songs!
still wish it was chicago
close enough for me! RT I'll be there & I was in a Prince video once... does that count?
Can't wait for Mamba Bynum & Gasol & Ron Ron to eat the Thunder in OKC on Monday night!!! #hype #lakeshow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
RT - The former Redskins defensive lineman, who was traded to the New England Patriots last month, was accused of cares...
that some were not to sure it was really her really on the site.
do yo thang talented yung lady, I'm happy for u
can't get enough of the bacon scallion cream cheese from Brueggers. Bring it all to me!
Hell I wanna audition for Glee!
weaponized roombas might actually interest several boys in my school :)
Just to let everyone know, LISGSA is holding a Resume/CV/Mock Interview Workshop on February 25! More information to follow!
home doing Jordan's hair
You are so SWEET!
SUMTIMES ITS STRESSFULL..BUT IT ALWAYS WORKS OUT
Niggas think they being sneaky but your caught lame...
Just got put on hold by a vendor and the hold music is LMFAO - Party Rock <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Congratulations to the SF Giants!
Hope the Mother's Day Show's went great and you had an AWESOME time at The Lackman!
Off to meeting. Have a great afternoon everybody! Happy Friday!
Still recovering from SXSW. More reviews coming soon.
Using other people's phone just to talk to that special person <3
OMG i need to move no good guys around here lol who wants a new roomie??
Got a call back and picked up two promotions bookings! :)
Gave out books and DREAMSHAPERS.org info at the Unity Fest in Vernon Park today. 3 libraries were selling books @ the booth next to me.
The Hobbit inevitably makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're filiming that into a film too.
ha ha
ans Follow me PLease my loves LOve you guys PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE :D
the sky! Jkjk
My work here is done. ;)
ah gothcha. Thanks for clearing that up. So any info on the earl bennett thing. It sounds pretty cool
#AwkwardMoment Mistakenly calling the one person u DONT want to talk to and instantly hang up but too late they're calling back!
True and he is the hottest all of them
Which cover should we play Monday night?Rock&Roll-Led Zeppelin/Little Help From My Friends-Joe Cocker/No One Knows-Queens of the Stone Age?
Side note: I did think Honda's TV-edited :60 version was tighter and more effective than the extended preview.
I have 1 Meal Swipe left...
Man, that would be the worst. Please don't give them any ideas!
push those clouds out to next week... push push past the weekend... cmaaaawn!
Thanks again & Great #km #e20 insights, looking fwd to more .. as I d/ld "Power of Pull" to my kindle :)
A belated thanks for the #FF recc!
I am in so much pain :'(
Wish people wouldn't whine on twitter! Shoulda been a better friend and then you wouldn't have gotten left out!
ducedByDaim please let me know the best date asap day or night you and Josh can skype to talk xx
BLOWIN LOUD IN DA BENZ GET IT IN....BOSS YA LIFE UP
I woke up from a dream that Florida had a earthquake and the ocean rose 25Ft no more discovery channel before I go to sleep >_____<
Can't forget ethnic grocery stores. I do 20% of my grocery shopping there
watching the good son with Macaulay Culkin and Elijah Wood when they were kids reminds me of the draft with Ryan Leaf and Peyton Manning
RT : Were also members of the QRCA and have trained dozens of market researchers from the QRCA in our techniques
Just finished setting up to record the Russell Scarbrough Soul jazz Big Band. Gonna be HOT in RocCity
RT - Off to see my favorite dolphins and then back up to Miami for the IMATA conference!
looks like i have an interesting road ahead of me... my son was also born the year of the tiger! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
when ii got it
Thx for the mention! Really trying to spread the word, so plz pass on to anyone you know who might be interested :)
I'm at the gym right now! I'm on top of this already! WE GOT THIS! #turkeylove <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E><U+263A>
And then we eventually learned that the "STOR" of JSTOR meant they'd store it for us. (Wait, what does that mean?)
Immigrations Voice's main goal is to limit the delays associated with skilled foreign workers obtaining green cards in order to work legally
#iQuote "Your success...lies in you. Resolve to keep happy...and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties." ~ Helen Keller
Man I cant wait yill tonite! Club Primal is going to be off the khook with RT Parties & FAB 5 ATL..Its going to be hot this Wesnday niite
D'oh! Missed you. On dance floor near bar. You?
OH and the coffeehouse at my church was canceled, but I'm playing at the Open Door 11/13, 11a-2p (Sun aft) if ya wanna join:-D
#BasicEconomics - Is a consumer "greedy" because he wants a particular product or service at the lowest price possible?
Anyone wanna see my mime routine? How about a little Man Trapped In Invisible Box?
Cadillac ranch! Love it
If i could restart this year i probably would.
Morning my homies.
You're welcome, Dan. Mahalo for understanding. There are so many wonderful Hawaii photos on Flickr, yours included!
you should swing by the B-node if you need any help with the arduino stuff! good luck!
It's 9:30 pm ET on Sunday...do you know where your sports business professionals are? They're on #sbchat of course!
RT : I wish you the best!!>>>>Thanks so much! John
Feels good to be goin to state!
Juss had a convo with money & she told me im fat when cum to eaten cuz I cant get enough of her
I never considered myself a visual learner, but I really like infographics.
"what's that thing call...it's like a zoo buT for fish"....me: "do you mean an aquarium?" ....hahahahhahahahahaha
what about any states close to you
WHY CANT I TWEET MY LIFE AWAY#BANG!!!
hey world just got great news.... im casted in the new movie SILENT CRIES....
Possibly co-hosting a NYC New Year's Eve party themed after Warhol's Silver Factory. Time to get the silver blazer and shoes going.
Then I vote for reshooting. I just spent weeks cursing a online microfilm collection. Names withheld to protect the guilty.
Or Russia.
If I stick to my schedule, I'll probably be purchasing a new bike in the Summer of 2013. The 3 leadeng contenders are...
At GSA, visiting some folks.
Going to sleep... Have places and things to do <3 GoodNight :)
Watching ATL with my babies before bed
ANYBODY OUT THERE WIT #FREE STUDIO-TIME....HMU ASAP!!!
RT : RT : "God made the Idiot for practice, and then He made the School Board." Mark Twain
To volunteer at the Philadelphia Science Carnival, on Saturday or Open Labs Day on Wednesday, email .edu
"Aghast" -- just another word for imma gonna sing like a canary...
We are super excited about 10% Tuesday! We get 10% of ALL sales tomorrow at Gordonville Grill. #BeThere for food and fun!
Happy Mothers Day! :)))))
MDA needs your help - we need to end this terrible disease - friend us on Facebook and help where you can: www.facebook.com/PhoenixMDA
Is it completely impossible to get one of those limited edition Marc Jacobs Chicago towels anymore?
Most niggas got bytch in dey blood! See me! I stick to da code! And neva bend or fold
Got the truck bak in motion now the only thing I don't miss is puttin gas in it smh
Ok, So Welke CAN be that incompetent. Venable should have struck out on those pitches.
y'all are too funny. I still got 10lbs and a whole mess of lifting to do before I'm like that lol
Awesome Bro props on the World Premiere tonight!!!
I am not a known giver of fucks
I forget, are you an infiknight?
Time Warner is the worst ISP on the planet.
lol I do that too!
listening to #TotheBestofOurKnowledge on about art collaboration while painting. Makes the #ColumbusArtistAlliance even more relevant!
Getting a text in the morning and reading.it with one eye open :* # teens
Oh yeah!!!!!! My Cubs spanked our southside White sox tonight!
MY SPeAKERS LouD af!!
Picking up son from high school for very first time--high tech program way out in high-tech research park.
Cant wait for school to end. Ready to move on with my life
just fucked cleve up in college basketball wit kansas jayhawks....who next depaul
as someone who's currently selling I think the best argument against buying is the 'investment' opportunity and illiquidity
how so?
You still think I'm coming back, but baby you'll see.. You think you know me, but baby, you don't know a thing about me.<3
your English is perfect! I finally arrived here and it's beautiful!
Hi, your beautiful my friend!! When are we going to hang out? :)
No loss. No gain this week.Ugh! Received 16 week charm though!! Sticking with it bc it works!
beyond bummed that i'm not going to fun tonight. Still thinking of trying to somehow get tickets.
Why is it raining so hard!!!!!??
This is the first time Iona has played the U.S. in 9 years (a great show!). www.iona.uk.com has some dates. Really excited!
Asked panel if they have librarians to classify data. 1 said ISBN isn't useful. Librarians need to get the word out: we're more than books.
Removing the last clause in Asimov's 1st Law of Robotics would have solved all the problems.
1st Day of being a 14 year old is a big one girl,Have fun today Alli!
not sure that the 3rd would be enough. depends who you trade with.
I'd work next to Eddie O & Pat Foley. So I can shout out their famous catchphrases & won't ever miss a Hawks game!
#H2SCambioLive hey Nick u should look at my youtube it's called IwannaMeetNickJonas it's my life story!! I LOVE U SO MUCH!!!
And at WCNYC 2010 I parked a block or two away at a ~$30/daily rate, outdoor/uncovered.
Matram fact that makes a few of u niggas I never see yall rooting for a team u like.. but I always see yall hating on great players n teams
National assoc. of Latin@ producers honors Latina filmmakers w 'their wise Latina' series. Yes to more Latinas in front of & behind a camera
where did this beautiful weather come from?!? the patio is calling!!!
I think 7:50, also too early, that changed last year I think. My soph thinks it has something to do w sports? Priorities...sad
Real Estate 2011. Confusing and unpredictable. Energizing though!!
GlynAllyn is in the National Register of Historic Places of the United States. Its considered to be The Premier Tudor this side of the pond!
Where are you partying on #NYE in Pittsburgh?
mod·est [mod-ist] - adjective 1. humble in estimating oneself 2. simple; moderate 3. decent; moral
Enjoying a laid back day in sunny Savannah GA
Busy day. CD's are done. What's next on the list?
For the love of God... avoid the Quiznos breakfast at the airport.
I think there is poop here somewhere. If you have pets you have been in this situation. Not cool, not cool at all.
Never did I think I'd be putting on a pink wig and leopard print to prepare for a day of teaching.
Sizzler sleep over with the ladies
I just laughed so hard because follows me now.
":85-90 people at ISHAA town hall meeting on basketball tourney tonite in Plymouth. Vote was 53-21 in favor of single class."
your alerts are slow
Here we go.
Oh and I finally got to sign the petition for #initiative70 today at #AWSEarthDay. Thanks, !
that's how I feel about What Would You Do
that is one reason I'm glad (for TT) that he a Jet: TSpan and Rex DO believe
Star Wars > Harry Potter
Would love to-- but yes, end of year. I think the timing of this was planned to keep teachers on the sidelines. Go, Max!
ugh fine. I guess that's better than nothing (;
The 5-minute rate check. Find out how much too much you’re paying for your home or auto insurance, and don't sign anything till you call 4M.
QEDN candlestick above the 50 MA, some volume....
Fuckin refs man!! Green was fouled twice!!!
on my way
I asked what's for dinner. He said dolphins. I have a feeling if this is true, I won't be around tomorrow...
What ails America the most? We face huge collective problems and our political system is so fractured we cannot act.
Have a fabulous weekend, everybody!
Aw, we've been wondering that for almost 20 years now! Why question it now? :D Also, I get you drunk!
hell yea THANK YOU!!!! Puts a smile on my face :)
Tonite Bad Girls club Time who's going to win? Fight
boo, hope things are good for you
Dear Summer, winter sucks and I want you back!
Over the last 24 hours my linkedin account has gone crazy. 30 some new connections... why?
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.
Amazing concept -- can't wait for it to become popular in the US!
Today is National Banana Bread Day
nd you just want to listen to sad songs and watch movies and eat ice cream<\3 haha those days suck!/:
oh wow ! you're 14. & you went and got drunk. YOU'RE SO COOL. ;D dumbass.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to working together.
ate the gummie worm I stapled to the board !!! Haha
Busy summer! The Wild Party opens Friday woo
At Los Pen Elem w Councilwoman Lorie Zapf & team showing greatness of public schools in San Diego. Thanks, Principal !
are my hopes, are my dreams only photographs in magazines?
We're in this month's Albuquerque Magazine - the Spotlight On feature. Also thrilling, Jenna Renee Frosch is now Assistant Editor- love her!
ANYBODY READ PART 36???:D
Yeah, it would! // RT : Bill Snyder: I can't imagine us getting in to an 8 or 16-team playoff. That wouldn't work.
Want 2 kno y u fell in the lane on a FT block out? Prob cuz u r standing like a scarecrow that has 2 pee real bad! Bend ur knees,b n athlete
thank you! A lot Philly - VA sports connections (you dont have to look far LOL)
I better not be lol RT : You not the only 1 RT I'm an observer, I watch everything,
cant wait for it. I got my invitation and put it right into my calendar!
Thanks for the follow! Honored!
Good morning folks.
RIAA&#39;s Waterloo? Anonymous Looks to set streaming music free
I am turning my computer off for the weekend & going to a women's retreat. Woohoo! See ya on Monday...
1 more day till My princess 's Birthday
I need something to do!!!!!!! Being bored is the absolute worst. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I know the feeling. I swear no matter how many times I look, Jesus NEVER shows up on my following list. WTF JC?
give 15 minute to do something :)
Man this is funny shit..
My Sister just told me: "Calm your happy DOWN!" ...that is hilarious!
$1000 on entertainment expenses in three days. I haven't done this in a long time, hope this isn't beginning of trend.
Thanks for the follow Verity
so this woman runs up to my car-"how do I get to the 71!" LA reflex kicks in-"you need to get to 210-to-57 to the 71-she smiles!
Smh you kno you care to much wen you try to convince yourself dat you don't
Thanks for the RTs!
my body is in the present but my minds still living in the past i tell myself lies just to get by i drink and smoke to get high to keep
any truth to the rumor that Stacey Dash has left Single Ladies
Nada mucho, just school and work...same ole, same ole!
Atlanta Auditions Full! SEO and PPC works!!!!
Hahaha. The one he cant be without . Lmao. Yep.
and the funny thing is just about every vendor whether outreach, seeding, blah blah uses it
So what's up with people tweeting the same shit ? And its not a retweet they just tweet the same thing
Kwame brown gets 7 mil a year Rip Hamilton get 5 mil a year ill take it!!
RT: Dress hangn off yur shoulder, barely sober, tellin me how you movin away and startin over Girl quit playin you just drunk
yeah, she hasn't been on much but when she has they have her in a fat suit. Lol
can't move so sore
You gave us a great interview. Enjoyed finding out about all your work. Keep us posted on other Mumu Fresh greatness.
You won't know from the outset what comes next, but that's what taking risks entails.
Lmaooo, meant to say they got their ass bust .": “: Lakers bust that ass.” They lost Kim lol"
same here
#Lakewood Briefs: Lakewood has comission, board openings
Man, if you travel west bound on 836 and need to go south or north on 826, I feel sorry for you.
Miss all of you! RT today it goes to my besties &
Just felt an aftershock! I'm really over this earthquake thing now.
Damn! the Thunder straight OWNING the Lakers right now
at the lab Putting the finishing touches on the homie mixes for his street album "hustlers on the block"
So who would be interested in getting a deal at Sushi Ya? How about Advanced Video? Stay tuned.
The best sex education for kids is when Daddy pats Mommy on the fanny when he comes home from work.
Checking it out right now. Definitely interested. I'll have answers tonight for sure.
i have boost mobile..lucky me, getting an iphone this summer though! if i dont my parents will be dead
Going to a party tomorrow!!! yaya
Bacon popcorn really is the best! are great peeps :D
following back!!
Not yet - PM me and I'll fill you in on our current activities.
Oreos 2 for 1!!!!! The hysterical screaming you hear is me.
oh shit -_- i didn't know my honor diploma test was for today. im late & i hate going to test late.
Thanks! Thanks for coming!
Watched a GORGEOUS sunset with the hubby lstnt @ Del Mar Beach.
Can not get going studying for my one final.
Check, please!
Hope everyone had a Happy Safe one!! ;)
; i want your #1000thTweet (:
i'm not even gonna say it!
sometimes this twitter feed makes it hard for me to breathe. sad for friends fighting the good fight in
I'm tryna go to #pluto tonight and enjoy myself
CONGRATULATIONS. your a slut and will get no where except creepers pants
Happy Earth Day
thanks for the support
That jog with crystal >
Thank you for the honesty.
So is being a lame in the morning stanky ass lookin a hot ass mess
OMG CJ Watson is my guy tonight
I posted a cool montage of Wisteria lane deaths on my Logan fb page
Nap before the game.
We may be able to get you better analysis via our stats feature. If not, we'll work on it. Email us pls!
N I'm sleepy
I heart my grey coming in, just coming in too slow for me & esp. annoying when mixed w/my natural strawberry. Not a lovely mix.
Asked a girl to google something on her phone for me. One past search was "how to know if you have herpes." Did not pursue.
Take a behind the scenes tour of the Food Bank. Email or tweet your email and we'll send you the details.
great Miami weather.. come through for a visit... NO1KARES / LEGAL HIGHZ STUDIOS... GET IT TOGETHER..
AWE !!!! If he likes u so much he should jst ask u out! But ik he needs time but i am even gettin anxious ! Lmfao
What a nice morning for the south shore farmers market!
aight, you're the best
very happy to help! All is good in my world, just busy as always! Definitely catch up soon! :-)
Have the weekend off. Who wants to hang?
You are so right, we need to get the electoral college removed too! THEN EVERY VOTE COUNTS.
the cost per sleeve for sleeve ads are around 18 cents per sleeve for min order, distribution is free of charge.
Matt Flynn will be next Kevin Kolb
Female Rose #tarantula lives ~ 20y. Male won't live much more than 2 b/c they stress, spend entire life trying to escape to find mate.
Hunger games! You excited about it opening today? Goin to see it? Should kids be able to go see it? walker
Follow me now
There's a tiny part of me that needed that break from football.
RT : sends #FF well wishes to new followers , , , ...
An old favorite, for sure. RT : #Foodiechats easy, peanut donuts
Looking for a good Tuesday #tweetchat. Any suggestions?
Warm, dry socks are like being in love for the first time.
In front, behind, and beside you Share a smile. Have a great day:)
im not even home right now. :(( sadface
God's thoughts of you are ALWAYS of peace (Jer 29:11). He isn't wringing His hands over you. He has AMAZING things planned!
Check out my new website, let me know what you think! www.trumanchafin.com
no. Social media just makes you spend time with people you really want to, as opposed to ones you feel you have to. :-)
he makes her do BAD things ;)
Haha.. people are really talking about not trusting in Haith anymore? Wow!
Google Voice voicemail translations are silly.
: "What was the arsenal score ?" not one that is happy with!
/eyeroll. Yeah its magical all right. SO magical I'm vomiting rainbows.
Bricks. RT“: Now that #TigerSpot has been removed from Lowry Mall, what do you think should go in its place, #Mizzou Nation?
What a win by the Hawks!
Plus 9 more incredible short films at the weekend screenings at Camera 3 Cinemas.
"I had finally achieved a rootie-tootie-fresh-and-fruity bootie!" - bestline so far in you book. I'm loving it.
do you need someone to talk to? I'm always here dear : )
I love World Peace.
You ain't gotta lie to kick it Calvin.. Just tell the truth? :)
New vendor Oh,Olive! Is having a special #MothersDay sale through May! Come on and receive $2 off your purchase!
I miss Whose Line Is It Anyway?. That show cracked me up... At least you can still watch reruns on ABC Family... At midnight. :`(
If people could read minds at certain times, so many things could be easily fixed. But nope
I don't get how you make it extra hot! No more than one adjective to order a coffee, please!
cuddles a hot bath snuggling some candles <3 please and thankyou?
#ThatMomentWhen a social site recommends you connect with an ex you've deliberately avoided all these years...how does it KNOW?!
Isabel Toledo you inspire me!
I always wondered what happened if a NYer won a contest to go to NY. Would they pay for your metro card?
yeah that's what i'm thinking, i better hurry!
funny thing: these Boy in my class named mohamed skiped speical and went the bathroom for 30min.
hey can i ask you guys some advice for a new band just starting out???
yep, did that, thanks!
RT : Picked up two bums. 1 is in happy face sweats and the other is in fat boy sweats. Don't judge my new friends.
Um that David Beckham bodywear for H&M commercial.
wonderful, I will message you my number and we can figure out where to meet, etc!
OK!! Yep, umm hates me i can feel it and see it!! So yeah I'm going now:(
booboo, Ima go to your house today okay ^.^
it's show time! from 7am to 9am
#fridayreads is LUCKY JIM
ah! that's like gold! i wish i found one of my little hi-c boxes hiding in my bag!
Silencing his critics (and the ketchup stadium) Flacco gets it done. Impressive drive.
NPR dude talking about the E.U. Sounded like he said "The Ewww."
#neverforget my first love..
Thanks for the shoutout!
Severe thunderstorms just west of Dodge and Fond du Lac County. This complex of storms moving east at 30 mph.
Good morning!!!
sigh. Yoyos only dominated for so long.
Hong Kong Fish Ball Street Food Pringles and American Turkey Cheetos. Two ticks off the bucket list.
Thanks everyone who attended the other night's meeting, GEAR Con 2012 already feels solid & promising.
Now he's just gotta learn that whole "journalism" thing and he's made RT This guy knows his #Coyote hockey -->
Why did girls start doing First name/middle name on FB instead of last name? It's really stupid.
I'm in the stands! On the left side, section 19. What side are you sitting on?! I'm gonna find you before you leave!!
no problem! And I totally lol'd at "entrepreneurial freakshow" by the way. Awesome bio :)
Hear it's some new AKA's on the yard how many
hahaha ... I hope he's not the one who gave me a $150 parking ticket. That would be embarrassing -_-
think i need ma wisdom teeth pulled..
We hear so much about what to do after a new diagnosis and the safety of eating in restaurants
Happy Valentine's Day! I'm making a shrimp scampi app, mushroom gnocchi & a chocolate ganache cake for dinner. What are you guys doing?
I Need Me A MPC! Making Beats With The Keyboard Is Wack
Okay. Sex is AWESOME. Whoever says any different is missing out on some bad ass stuff.
Start getting your group together for Mile Run Days in May
im soo not watching is he out??
Just followed her ;)
RT : Who's All In? Full Pint sampling tonight at 6! Get a head start on with one of our #local breweries.
The Cutlass neck looks like my Trek 5200 :) The Warwick FNA Jazzman I played was 5-string w/ a chunky neck but I liked it
"Whitney Houston Dies In LA Hotel Room" Where was her coke dealer at the time?
Come raise a glass (or a kernel of 'corn) to the beauty of celluloid this weekend when we screen the Robert Altman masterpiece 'Nashville.'
All The Gossip Girl ,full episodes in HD online ,follow me for related tweets
I will-Follow Twin--June 20th Geminis! www.Video-TV-Email.com C Live-Web-Demo at 815pm Est tonite at www.connieislive.tv
Finally found love, Page 96 in the dictionary.
what did you say?
I think you need to visit Tooting sometime. Recession has hit it hard. All mobile phone, pawn, betting and pound shops today.
I really don't feel good!
Hahahaha... That's funny
been one here for a couple of years, mostly follow basketball stuff RT : soo proud you have a twitter
Hm. I will put feelers out!
I. WANT. SCHOOL. TO. BE. OVER!
it really sucks when u realize u still have feelings for some1 who is already GONE in so many ways...its like a shotgun shell 2 the heart
Interested in speaking at a future Detroit Lean Startup Circle meeting? Let me know.
woke up to a screaming ldg cramp and an angry eastern sky.
SE pdx RT : If you didn't tell me your location, and you heard the thunder... please let me know so we can add your community!
And as showed us last week, #LED #lighting is becoming a better and better way to save energy.
I WANT TO KNOW THIS NEWS!!!! :D WHY DO U HAVE TO KEEP EVERYBODY WAITING?!!?1 AH!
Dallas Stars :(
PD plans for teachers should be individualized. We need mass customized learning for students and teachers.
battle royale was dope too, but I read this shit a few years ago and for me it's upto par
hello :D
gonna text you now ..
Thanks for the shout-out!
And Rich 50 is the new 30.
I really need something to do tonight!
Everyone needs a little help once in a while!
new song is so sick. I cant wait to hear all the new shit, you guys never disappoint.
There is this to be said in favor of drinking, that it takes the drunkard first out of society, then out of the world. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nothing but mountains (and one TT) leading into the Champs-Élysées...an exciting week of the tour ahead.
Thats a load of crap, Caroline! How has Rick been hiding this when he wore heels willingly & proudly in front of u?!~
Davinci Virtual started offering a 50% discount on one of our Manhattan locations in New York! Get a virtual office for less than $50/mo!
I'm at tonight for Restaurant Week...haven't tried the food yet, but I'm already in love.
I wouldn't care either bro. Great job.
vnecks or crew necks???
Oh crap I didnt do homework :3
We agree, and that's why we're bringing you this prayer-app: www.birdofprayer.org
Recognize that not everything is a crisis! Don't go Chicken Little on every small thing :)
Mort said that manning is not signing with any team and nothing is close to being done ... Hope is still alive !!! Shock me !!
I have to assume that Maybe God is trying to tell me something.
I don't know Jared, I can believe you have 117k people following you on linked in
William Shakespeare would have been 448 years old today.
,,,,Also You can place orders: We have Keylime, Strawberry Overload, Lemon, Banana-Chocolate Toffee & Sweet Potatoe Pie.
WOW..U GOTA UPGRADE YO DAY BOO
Awww, not this time! Phone died! But you too! xoxo
Carm is Ok. It's hard to be pleasant when your husband is cheating on you weekly. I was a big pre-heroin Moltisanti fan.
I just paid my rent.
4:50 am on Paris.. Can't sleep, mojito @ the bar with my girls. Just have fun.. Drunk or not ? Dat's the question! Do the pretty girl Swag
I fuked up my last tweet -_-
Society is like a stew. If you don't stir it up every once in a while then a layer of scum floats to the top. Edward Abbey
Watch Out If You Talk To Yourself In A Foreign Language….Especially If You Don’t “Speak” Any Foreign Languages…
WTF is this damn thing?
At the Snoop Dogg concert! Woo!
oh ook sure.
Shame we can't see what happens with in Brazil, but #UFC 148 is going to be an epic, epic card.
11 days bro... Keep it counting...
There's a bongo player in my presence.
I just want you to know that someone who I went to middle school with just reported your thoughtcatalog piece and loves it!
Breanna Stewart is nice!
Jaypee Institute of Information Technology PhD Admissions 2012 ...
Good Night Everyone!!!
Today is Today?
Portable Gas Sensors Improve Atmospheric Pollution Measurements
Penda <---- the only one i miss.
. having trouble buying Star Trek/LSH #6 -- won't download or recognize purchase in any app (IDW or ST)
No trash/recycling pick ups today because of Veterans Day Holiday - make up collection is tomorrow.
Why is dickbutkiss always ridin me?
Thx very much for the RT! This is really taking off :)
RT : "We've got to get over the notion that social media is for kids; it's for business." -Chris Huber
Jason Collins has a negative PER. Someone should make a public service announcement.
We just wrote about the iPad in What plans does have for the iPad? I'd like to mention it. bit.ly/ofipads
ahahhahahahahahaha who cares?
#WhatsObamaHiding his black liberation theology handbook personally autographed by Reverend Wright.
My iPhone and I have reached a new level in our relationship. It has finally stopped autocorrecting "Brangelina."
i agree on that entirely its like where did all the maturity go right? hell i cant even do good in a match with trash msg's
2 more hours I guess actually
we will get you one! We just have to make more...
#ThatllBeNice If My Gf Would Give Me Random Phone Calls <3
not jokes.
wats it called
Who would of thought McGehee would be the worst bat in our lineup? He's easily just as bad as Gomez or Betancourt if not worse
That was Carl's first TV ad hitting the airwaves.
yes u said dictinary and it's dictionary
Don't forget to get a free blood pressure reading, this Sunday at our Heart Health Demo at our FMT store! 4PM, Free!
do you really? I bet I could kick your ass in it ;)
Its y Daniels describes #Carmel, "The city on the edge of Greatness" "A city every knowledgeable Hoosier shld b proud of"
Congrats to , can't wait to see with
#shoutout to all new followers we will follow back.
You have a dirty mind, Carlos. Maybe it suggests that they're both enjoying it?? And not in that way either! Still funny :)
no! Just the top three in each conference.
I am the female weezy !!
that's dope!
All except 1 of my sessions today are around the country. Texas, Kentucky, Michigan, and Cali among others. Aah the beauty of the internet.
So I might go to Grant's spring concert, lol .
it's the ying and yang of baseball. Never as bad as you look when losing or as good as you look when winning
is not an All-Star reserve?!!! Are u fkn kidding?...
I'm not a mariachi
No obligation for govt to treat rich "equally"by giving them same amount of taxes as lower incomes.US has long ...
What happened???????
NP john doe by public announcement
Happy happy happy FRIDAY!
BMC study shows diverting passengers to elevators could help reduce falls at Logan Airport
“: love having the day off, don't love not getting paid!” What he said.
Aw man. I dig it and still rewatch on occasion. Did the Firemares kill it for you?
lol which one omg let me find it
Welcome to all the new members we've been getting from #Dallas and #Connecticut lately! Glad you're joining our community!
Best friends >><< both
hahahahahaha! thanks I needed that!
Concerts, counted on to compensate for the plunging sales of recorded music, appear to be in trouble due to cancelled shows and empty seats.
Can libraries build wealth and reduce poverty? Is that a focus of our service? Our communications? Our reason for being?
Add us as a friend on facebook Kincaids Oakland
Steel Town Soul has a show Thursday Bartini in shadyside! 9-midnight. No cover.
We just got time crimes on netflix john. looking forward to it!
couldn't tell you the last time I've been out to a party lol shieet
when you guys get to be bigtime like me you'll understand!
MM most "real" epi yet IMO.Real life situations,less exposition,fairly accurate changes within 60's and age (Don).Fascinating.
RT : A body has been found in the North Bend bunker. It is believed to be Peter Keller.
La Gente live Saturday March 31
Studio session tomorrow!! And working on a new project wendsday.
I need a job. Whose hiring?
Contour, the UT fashion show tonight, WAS AWESOME! So exciting to walk for thousands of people. Thanks to everyone who came out!
The Hulk was the first roller coaster tht I had ever riden!
M....Genny Bock on cask. Just went live
Thunder now Down one with 9 seconds to go. Thunder ball.
okei bye I go people
lol its the madonna portal
About to call my man...
I think what people really want is immersion and the mistakenly term is realistic game aspects.
Exit project do tomorrow let's begin shall we
in my elementary school you got to join a special club if you could. I was never much of a joiner....
Why didn't Narron write it in Japanese!?!?
omg..same here:)
having a hard time staying awake while Nantz and Simms call the Broncos/Steelers game.I just may have found a cure for my insomnia.
thanks for following! Can't wait for CMJ!!!
n how,its that !”)
of course! He went along with my while British/Irish theme!!
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right
Ain't that the truth
I know what you mean.
Pulling down some fresh bud 2day. #SourDiesal, #whitewidow, #ogkush #lavenderkush and #purplenepal. Not a bad way to start the weekend.
Keep this Thanksgiving happy and safe by establishing a 3-foot "kid-free zone" around all stove tops, ovens and open cooking flames.
RT : sisterhood is sexy, being kind is cool. integrity, dignity and respect are in style every season.
Loved hearing #BoiseState to the Pac-12 talk on this week! Would make for some amazing matchups and rivalries!
Getting ready to go back in time! HOT TUBE TIME MACHINE style. Woot woot! Lol
But who shot the Tupac Hologram?!?!
The Brits are more progressive than the Americans, cos we have TV presenters & they have TV pastors
#MayDay has been chosen as the date the #OWS Movement revives. Will we succeed??
you and me both :-)
Prize #2: A personal training session with strength coach Andy Williams.
right! Wow! Props.
totally worth it! egg sandwiches fuel
Little boxes, big boxes, as long as they're not round, boxes.
Book signing today in So AZ. Half of readers looking for Kindle authors.
Public session all day tomorrow 10am to 6:30pm. Only $13 which includes skates!!!
When did this shit become so easy?
Good work, if you can get it. RT : Yes, but at least I have
You know you're baked when you are looking for the bong when it's right infront of you
Going to Asian Fusion tonight in Georgetown. Not normally my style but we'll see how it turns out...I'll be following SNN for Tsunami news
God gave us everything in pairs 2 hands, 2 eyes, 2 ears But why only one heart? Because he gave another 2 someone else 4 us 2 go find.
Arrived in South Africa. Awaiting another phone call from the mysterious stranger.
love the video!
Christmas decorations going up at my house tomorrow? yes, yes they are
ok will do
Hey guys, just wanted to make it clear that I am NOT the band, just the Ohio street team! If you want the boys, -->
Maybe god will answer my prayers tonight and let my hero tweet me <3
great story. Always good to see positive things happening in bmore.
The only Call of Duty games I've played are MW2 and Black Ops.
How do you screw up a BLACK ice coffee????? Lmao
Well, the truth is I love Eleanor and I love Danielle. I just don't really like Caroline with Harry. But I'm not gonna bully her!
Well played, and a good song too. Okay I'm off to slumberland. G'nite Idaho.
Ha! Very true. RT Austin is totally hip. Never seen so much culture and spandex in one place - awesome.
haha its ok :)
Hello Lake Butte des Morts. You're so purty.
Our little helpers get to help us out around the house and get to do community service.
i think you're suppose to give with no expectations!!! (i.e. give to give)
Jeydon Wale is one crazy fothermucker and should follow me(:
I gotta lot of catching up to do
Great photo, I would love to meet you in person!
On re-starting: "Come forth Lazarus! And he came fifth and lost the job." Eleven is a charm. ~Don
Gratitude is essential if we are to be content.
you can call me Fonz!
Happy Birthday .. rock this day and marry the night ;)
As well as the value of cover, suppressive fire and, oh yes, the Stanislavsky method.
Bishop Lennon will speak today about the church closings. When I hear anything, I will post.
oh yes! I love that! I just didn't know it had such an exciting name. I thought it was just "making your window really big"
Good business practices say we need to do a 3,4, and 5 year strategic business plan that INCLUDES a solid financial plan.
You were a great soccer player too. Got to see you play when I was a kid.
Just think..... A celeb has probably talked about you before :)
bye bye phone
Gonna lay it down. See if I can convince my finger to press call. Probably not tho.
Thanks <=follow her
Quite a scarf tour de force
Happy New Year!
Muppets theme while Pacers have ball. Nice touch.
drum set in the living room? not sure this is going to work? oh, okay just put it next to the marimba
Lamest bf ever
in a dm?
I'm going all in!
u know I'm fittin to pick up one of those 'world peace' jersey's
Quality over quantity for JSK? RT Your tweets are GUARANTEED to get you more followers! RT Gout is gross looking
Promise myself.
hahahah I would be amazed if he did omg omg ill laugh and say "Tuna Was Damn Right About Him Getting Famous"
Guys like me? I'm a guy like me!
comic carnival tonight w/ You ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
I will be copping those.....
“: Good morning Andy! I hope you have an awesome day. :')” you too!
Http://www.Flipcups.com is Selling the Inflatable Beer Pong Table on a SPRING BREAK SALE
Good day already. Found my headphones.
Man I swear I never sleep comfortable. I wake up with back pains
oh just keep putting work in
Thanks for the RT and mention You are appreciated!
Looking forward to 's Greek Festival this weekend! Yay for free Saturdays!
I got an app that makes donuts.
just stay on this one I just got really confused but yeah and wow just wow smh
Dentist today , :) ; Hope Ur day was Super ,too.
Haha! I just died. That little girl is a riot. #toddlersandtiaras RT ": Have a great weekend honey boo boo children"
“: : Should the #Seahawks try to land #peytonmanning ? What y'all think?” Em yes please.
walking over to the brewpub now!!
You're not selling code & you're not selling design, you're selling a product for an end user/audience.
People cry not because they are weak. It's because they've been strong for too long.
the only company I have is my cats ;~; I homeschool because of my health
did the package arrive yet?
Well guess what! is now mildly obsessed with you!
hm big thing
"Fuck Manny, too, ol Japanese boy" Some guy: "He's Filipino" "Same thing!"
is staring down a wasp in his office--unfortunately not the kind that summers in Martha's Vineyard.
Now #RIPJoe. Your legacy will always be intact in my mind.
Happy Friday the 13th.This tends to always be a much luckier day than usual. Expecting bad luck usually brings good luck. or a good drink.
Another one of my boys sent to the hospital at work last night. Not messing around tonight.
The impossible, is just that possible. Only if you believe, you can see endless chances. <U+FFFD>)
Blowing air out of my lip piercing.
Turn it to ESPN, my boy and Oregon are straight hoopin on LSU
Fantastic! Best of luck to you :) RT Starting my first semester of nursing classes :)
I promised myself. . . But idk how much more I can take! Help me to b strong and see the truth!.
love that song. Time to turn on the music!!!
People in #DC talk crazy to the employees in subway
So when you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, cause I still turn to you..
Nice. I find it funny that an Italian is whinging about negative tactics...
Congratulations, ... Great job this season!
Thanks to our Issue No. 5 news partners (cont.): , , & SF Neighborhood Newspaper Association
is 9:45ish ok? Want to head up to Austin by 10:30
sam lyon-black
I've been waiting on a check from a catering company for nearly a month now. Thinking it times to look for better options
sorry to hear I'm not the only plague victim :( I think rest & copious amts of tea is the only thing for it. feel better!
awww...thanks! it was great to meet you too!
Good bike ride around the 'hood today...just a half our or so, but we have some nice hills and I haven't taken a spin in, oh, about 2 years.
I hope this isn't spurred by spending your day in Madison WI...
studio time!!!
im so hi...i dont even know y...
"He who is firm in will molds the world to himself." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Franklin Wade Blog » Her Alibi Poster Movie 27 x 40 In – 69cm x ...
...so maybe you're detecting progress I missed a couple of weeks ago. I hope you're right! JLD deserves a good series.
thank u!
platitudes are disingenuous and honesty is appreciated. People are more resilient than pop psych gives credit for.
At the hospital with my sister :( <\3 get better soon nig<3
End of the third quarter. Storm lead the Preds 41-17. Orlando has the ball to start the fourth.
It's not a big deal, just seemed odd.
#DarkSkinPeopleNicknames. Why the hell is that trending?
I have that problem too...
and he will be the heir to King Fluffay II it shall be a wonderful thing x)
RT : "If your church attracts broken and messed up people... then it's being the church Jesus intended!" - Pastor Howard J Koepka
I try to keep myself from going over the deep end/things happen sometimes in life for no reason...heartbroken/not decent
Happy New Year!
#Broders on diners drive ins and dives. Best place ever!
thank you so much!
Every time #Dirk has already back-pedaled to half court by the time his shot misses/makes, Larry Bird throws up a little in his mouth
love the classic wizard of oz dark side! Nicely done.
Spurs in 4, huh? DAMN
We were suppose to leave at 8:45 but we're barely leaving now -.- Ugh, But here we come zoo cx
first episode had me startled. Had to go to the restroom. Fearful of zombies. I am a fighter though.
Follow Back,please <3.
I haven't seen it yet but I can agree with you on that. An Ed Sheeran song doesn't fit in a Victoria's Secret commercial.
you would say something like that not the guy !
have a gobblin' good birthday! ;)
I've been gone for a few days. Where? Occupy Best Buy... aka Black Friday camp out lol
Hi Kristine - saw in the Needham Patch that you're running this year's Boston Marathon. Would love to interview you (cont'd)
Niggas on Twitter talkin bout "I keep my Grass cut Low so I can see the Snakes!" Nigga you live in a Apartment Complex Shut up!
Ok ima stop..
DO IT!! we are going to some crazy concert with harrison that matt says is going to be awesome! & YAY email me re dec soon!
Check out my boiis music on reverbnation kobragangbitch or kill ya self
can you un-retweet something?
My heart is beating a million miles per hour right now
#civility QUESTION FOR PANEL: did universal franchise put personal morality on the table leading to sense of in#civility?
What is the worst film to win the Best Picture #Oscar in Academy Award history? 1929 to 2012?
Looks good - now on my reading list. Thanks!
#vaumc11 Resolutions: Here we go!
- Tryna keep my distance away from all attitudes just wanna live my life n be happy fuc wat everybody else say.!
"and someday we'll find it, the Twitter connection, the playwrights, the actors, and me"
True. RT : If she's talking too much just fart That's always works
well they do have a right to voice their opinion.. As long as they aren't doing anything to you. Just ignore it.
Happy bday! Which phone do you have?
is comprised of ONE hateful cretin with a computer. You don't speak for me or anyone else.
what time are you getting there tonight??
Steele county is free of warnings, but a T-storm warning continue for Rice and Goodhue through 8:30pm
If you could transform (at will) into any animal, what would you choose and why?
what phone you rocking? #PlantsVsZombies is on Android now!!
why are you saying goodbye ,,you didn't like it or it doesn't worth it to update?
Point out where I'm being dishonest, then. All I've said is that it doesn't make sense to use "Liberal" as a sweeping pejorative.
lmao *rubs forehead* my daughter
SORRY, my typing on this iphone is iNotverygood. :)
Just got my friend on Twitter!!! She needs some followers. HELP!! Follow, RT and spread the word.
Didn't miss anything you haven't heard. RT And I'm missing it! :-/
I wanna hear Fool in Love live so bad!
ou should mention how cool & awesome im lol or yea pretty hahahahaha
HOW THE HELL DID I DO EVERYTHING & PASS ALL TESTS AND ASSIGNMENTS AND HE GON' FAIL ME? I LAUGHED AT HIS JOKES AND EVERYTHING >:[
Hittin up Moscow for some mother's day shopping:)
Hi Aaron - thanks for following StoryFirst!
But not Hanson...yer the lucky one there!
my birthday is this month:D
Hey it's BK, Dee Snider just fired.What rocker shoud try Celebrity Apprentice next?Not that he would participate,I nominate Bruce Dickinson.
Who do you think will win this Saturday's Game...Texans or Cowboys??
RT : And up next on Good Morning America: Are Bikram Hackahons better? weighs in.
Movies with daddy (:
Last night was just too much.
Needed a bottle of #JackDaniels so I bought a whole case
ha, you weirdo
sounds good, don't mind more questions :)
Its only tuesday ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I wish everyone a #HappyMothersDay. For those waking up in a #luxuryhotel this am, I'm so jealous. :) But, loving every minute of my day,too
Congratulations to the Stanford Women's Soccer team for winning their 1st ever National Championship today.
that is the easiest thing for you to say
Can't wait to be at the yard..our yard with && yay!!! #sfgiants :D
Sleeping in tomorrow. Fuck yeah.
"oh look, blood on the dancefloor, what a bummer" "isnt that the name of a michael jackson album" oh my GOD
The MPAA would rate Bully an R for using more then one F-word. I propose that they rate every movie an R if it showed more than one gun.
#smbmad #ford Attentiveness. Being there. Talking back.
My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it.
Relax tonight while listening to some live jazz by Saltman Knowles | 9PM - 1AM | $15 |
Really not in the mood for anything right now.
Linkedin events is not working for me either. It stopped working for me about a week ago.
Tech laugh du jour: Director Margarett Perry "I need a little sexy sexy here" - husband/actor Brian Dykstra - cue strip tease
i take it back you dnt gotta point lol
clear headed and ready for action. Working on story boards for documentary. Of what I'd like to shoot. Woohoo!!!!
grgIII having a cold gin Nice Guy Eddies
friend: what's the first thing you think of when you hear- me: ONE DIRECTION! :D friend: ... (smacks head)
i think dazzler was the best character left and arguably the second best character for the format.
When people ask my if I still play volleyball and then continue to ask why. <
Made it home!
nice! When do you move in?
God Is Love !
Join us TODAY at 335 Kearny St for some delicious Cajun & Creole food by !
HAHA, you beat me to this, sorry I hacked your joke! Gotta read all the tweets before you weigh in. :)
dam....wat about orange city?
Good morning
WTF Manning I expected a D bag LeBron James type decision spectacle
There are no foreign lands. It is the traveler only who is foreign ~Robert Stevenson
Order in the streetlit. DOWNLOAD THE #UrbanFiction #ebook A-Town Veteran.
Let it snow, let it snow....cuz we are open today 9AM-6PM.
Handling the July Fourth philly crowds with grace. Let Freedom ring.
I really want to see him this year. Distance sucks...
I just love how everyone is now wanting a twitter... I had mine for 3 years lololol.
that's easy. Get them hooked now as well! :D
yayyyyayayay. ;D P.S if you find a doughnut shop... remember me. (;
RT Burgertime! Non bovine alt is halved jerk chicken. Africa hot on the wheels. Free watermelon for everyone
Can't wait to pass out on the beach with my boyfriend and get ridiculously sunburned.
who b day is it today it has to be some bodys
Happy May 1st Everybody! Time to start planting the bulbs..
Last week we sold out! RT : Nice hot day for the OSP farmers market! Loki smoked salmon salad and red velvet bag-o-donuts!
Aww! "Poetic Justice" & "We Love Janet Jackson" are trending! <U+2665>
call me I'm bored
Do tell?
kind over matter !
"Wait! Stop! You're not wearing pants!" "So?"
Great way to ring in the New Year!
Spent Saturday with other Kona Sunrise Rotarians cleaning up and beautifying the Makaeo Walking and Jogging Path at the Old Airport.
RT : RT: Actual Dec. sales of newly built homes 21k units. Worst Dec. on record and 2nd worst month ever. JT...
I haven't found my mp3 in about 3-4 weeks, starting to think i lost it :(
Radiohead is my fave too. Saw them in Seattle a couple of weeks ago. They should a LONG set at Roo. Should be amazing.
Who is that?
I can relate.
And hes 3 years younger than my step dad...
Working on new business websites SoLuna. Should be up and running in 2 months. what a task. It's secret of what we'redoing.
i have jdb i luv him but he need ta holla at me in respectful way he doesnt follow me
Thank you! It keeps me out of the house and off the couch.
There are a shit load of movies out that I want to see.
Not going to lie - I'm a pretty big Minnesota fan right now.
just got our Skalion Clothing shirts in and we are looking phresh ! go check them out they have some awesome shirts !!!
Prom and Six Flags this weekend. Can't wait! :)
Having a Guinness and A Burger before Taste Walla Walla. Need to slow that juice down!
Applegate? If it is, definitely read it...twice...maybe thrice :)
Commission meeting is back in session.
in retrospect we probably shouldn't have done $8 desert shots at the Lotus.
Late start>
I totally agree
EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. RT :
These refs are awful!
what does #oomf mean?
Oh yeah! Stinky tofu is foul...good call...
So glad to know you'll be a #Bills player for years to come!
I did. Thank you for submitting!
Why do I want to sign up for it? Do I want a +K in breastfeeding? What if I can't breastfeed? Hahah why are we talking about this.
Ryan Gosling will give you free food. On one condition... My friend would know.
. congratulations. Happy to follow your tweets. How is South Lake Union treating you?
Well Since Im Up ! GOODMORNING EVERYBODY
Crazy line up RT Pete Rock, Lecrae, and Rapsody "Be Inspired" prod. By Khrysis man.....listen
... So when there's no business casual dress code... people wear more clothing?
Happy Holidays to all of our clients, families, employees, Facebook friends and Twitter followers!!
it was really good. I slurped it down and my tummy loves me right now for it.
Real talk tho, who thought it was cool to make a movie about Abraham Lincoln killing vampires??
that is the greatest picture of all time
Go Pack Go! Watching game today with my ladies.
Getting ready to head to universal studios...cross your finders for no rain.
Your wearing me!!!!
they are staring at you regardless!!
I can't wait until I'm 18 only two more years.
RT: I grew up in Ohio and my leisure time is usually "indoor recess." Then, when the weather's nice, I have no idea what to do with myself.
I'll get in touch after next week to plan something
Great choices so far. I'm really interested in L. David and (of course) M. Barron. LETS GO BUCS!!!!
Gearing up to help you and yours have a SWEET Valentines Day! We Can help you make it Simply Sweet!
#Thankful!! Oh you ask why? :) because I'm #stress free and #drama free.... I have learned to tune BS out. Mastered it actually
Getting ready to go live with our Day 1 of Photography Business & Beyond Workshop! Questions can be tweeted with hashtag
It's not a fan it's my support system WITHOUT them you know your doing something wrong and WITH them your doing something right.
Amanda Chidestar with an RBI single gives Michigan a 3-0 lead in the top of the second inning at Goodman Diamond.
congrats buddy. you should buy Kyle Busch a case of
Is So Beautiful! iWish iHad Her Cheeks! (:
I hope it gets better!
yeah I'm one of the owners
There's a good chance that I'm still drunk... Thanks to for a fun night out!! :-)
Been completely MIA with friends and family this week. On a sprint to March 17th! HO v New England. Designating the weekend to catch up
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "all my money is in my savings and i had to transfer it to my checking but it takes a few days"
Thanks! We're really excited!
You see me happy. I'm lonely.
Congressman tweets are down 28%. Maybe they are too busy actually working? Elected officials, grow up, enough of this nonsense.
my bad i got ur tweet late smh
I don't even know who she is.. But this is hilarious
teach us your Burning-Fist-To-Save-Mankind-Dunk & we'll bring our Internet Cheer Squad to your games. LIVE:
Life is good
ur the best! And who called u square? I'm gonna go beat them up! Don't they know how gangsta u are?!
Money changes everything
That was a BADASS way to get that win!
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know. Ernest Hemingway
Mambo is not about you. It is about your partner. If you perform, it's about your audience. If you teach, it's about your students.
Good Morning.... Happy Friday. :-)
We had a sold out concert at Bach! Thank you SO much for the love. See you all again very soon. Hugs, ~c~
Glad I got to see tonight<3
. This is an SMB play. Dell's strategy is pretty diversified and brings capabilities that doesn't.
Yes, Americans r unfazed by shootings, what they eat & drink, quality of health/care, their communities, etc.
Finally my car is good as new <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097>
BTW, I got no issues with gays or nothing bcuz that's their business in life & I don't judge nobody. Aka ~Fresh~Young CEO
I hate lying cause within time you get caught in a big web of lies.
Today would have been my granny's 92nd birthday. Can't believe she's been gone almost a whole year. I miss her SO much.
Beautiful day in Atlanta
<U+2665>Jesus Chris†<U+2665> We all <3 you so much
reviewing a stack of resumes for our internship program. looking to hire some great & students.
Stupid fire alarms.
Heading off to bed! Laundry to do 2moro! Best listen to that pesky alarm! At least I can do laundry and jam at the same time!
Really, you sent Colton home?
Sure! You can email us at :) Thank you!
Must admit. Kinda loving the Marta hatred in the stadium. I know I'm feeling it at home.
Survivors, liberators and family members join members on Asm floor to share stories and reinforce call to remain vigilant against hate.
Hey Wayne, Thanks for alerting me to my Twitter situation. I have changed the password. I enjoy your newscasts.
"True happiness consists not in the multitude of friends, but in their worth and choice." - Samuel Johnston,
Elder Jacket
Been jammin to #MotionCitySoundtrack thanks to playin it today in the jeep
I agree with your tweet but don't you think some students do the same thing with "Communications"?
My super Christian friend tells me she's getting a divorce. Is it inappropriate to advise her to watch Fireproof again?
It seems my #earworms get worse the more congested I get. Yesterday was the Top Gun anthem. Now it's I <U+2665> Lucy
And hearing that makes ME feel good! :)
but thank you :)
hope your day gets better best friend!
2 for 2 and also a sac bunt and walk ... Awesome
life is good in NY! hopefully this year is a busy one for me! how are u?! whats goin on in ur life??? :)
Amazing Spanish conversation with friends!
This music>>>>
What are you supposed to do when it's 3:30am and you can't sleep???
u know what it is.... ten yrs ago i almost bought the farm.. you really appreciate life when u almost lose IT.GRACE=HAPPY :)
My alarm clock plays bedrock.
skate session... fuck'n highlight tapes... under all influences chemically...
peered pressured into pure.
at Pete Millers tonight with the trio! Dennis Carol, bass Kobie Watkins, drums - <U+0096> 830 to 1230.
love you too<3 Can't wait for tomorrow!!! It's Sexual Wednesday!!
Bro, don't disrespect me on twitter like that.
I'm obviously a tom yam freak , chocolate freak , caffein freak . coke freak , reading freak , sweet freaks and sour freaks . I'm a freak .
Therapy note or weekly note usually. No SOAP since grad school
indeed! w/o twitter-catharsis i would have been throwing things!
": bc it's soapy. #duh" please hashtag random #words more..."but my lips are chapped real bad"
RT excited Ann Rhoades, PRES of & past VP at to present to over 500 #ROC clients-friends at
This is gonna be a long couple of days
how is everyone's easter going?
PROFESSORS ARE SLOW....HURRY UP WITH POSTING THESE GRADES....I NEED 3 MORE GRADES..BUT I ALREADY THEY ARE A'S...I JUST NEED COMFIRMATION
thats ganna get you in trouble ;D
Aw : Ha! I'm honored. Shout right back Sending a late nite #FF shout out to Just because I can.""
He took a homemade, fan blade, one-man submarine ride
I just dropped a plate
I love my City
i love you being home too!
FRACK!! The dog let the cat out. Don't ask. Just don't ask...
I see.
What is the secret of this tie that binds....two souls in communion both body and mind
Saying That Your Weave Is Your Real Hair
and I know we'll disagree and you'll hate me for it, but I do not support Prop 19.
I would go over at 140. ": over. Way over. “: The Avengers - $130 million. Are you going over or under?”"
As in, can I play the *Live* MP modes at all. Do servers still exist for this ver of the game? It seems retail servers do not.
MLB has the worst opening nights. Look what they did to the giants last year.
For Harper to steal home after being beaned by Hamels...this is one heck of a 19-year-old.
People live in fear of what their truth means as they have lived in denial of it for so long, they have even built their lives around that
.: Congratulations on the new gig over at ! Great news!
is anyone else in love with ?!!!11!!!! <333333333333333333
Haha, yeah, Extremo's not known for subtlety... Definitely a plus when it comes to big, bright window ads! ;)
Happy Mama's Day!
Just finished 's new zombie novel ZONE ONE for a review I'm writing for the Wall Street Journal. You?
Italian jazz. Looking for italian songs to sing during a jazz performance. Any suggestions?!!
'Must-have' should just be taken out and shot, all around, as a phrase.
He's prettier than ill ever be got yourself a beauty queen but there's one thing I gotta say, he can fuck you good but I can fuck you better
I hate ppl who try to fit in.. Be yourself
Mercy the tightest new song out there!!
: You Lied To Me The First Time , So Why Do iHave To Hear It Again ?
conversely, I have little worth backing up that doesn't fit on a jump drive.
i wasnt cereal!
I drank way too much last night. I'm not supposed to even drink with pancreatitus. I don't even remember getting to bed.
will never tweet me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
SHUT YO BALD ASS HEAD UP
Wish people who've seen #TheAvengers would stop telling details about characters and the film. Some of us haven't seen it yet!! :-)
just noticed this thank you, you're welcome Coach!
Yeah, I have heard i have to go somewhere else for tailoring.
hi I like your boobs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> I feel sorry for the North Hills kid in our class #noswag #
It you ever find yourself driving behind YellowCab 45, do yourself a favor & drive as far away as possible. Just a horrible horrible driver.
Yes, she should be called Ace.
on tv vlad looked confused by the cure ball
on lap 4 at lax 496 left?
#Mobile payment app claims avg transaction spend increases 7% w/ its platform
think about all the awesome non-juice stuff you could eat on $50/day!!
Awesome movie!
Peggy megan joanie are like the #bondgirls of
- if a person is truly clinically depressed CHOICE isn't a matter of just deciding. The brain is broken. Been there in 1995.
yeah his voice is beautiful
Offering a unique opportunity to pick the brain of an Internet Marketing expert for 60 minutes for FREE! Ask anything you would like to know
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HONEY! Sending you a big virtual hug!
lol Same here
u post to many twitpics.lol jkjk i miss u so much and we need to go to fiesta with the whole olph gang!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you can make your tweets private if you care
oh how I miss those days.
#Str8LykeDes... At War w/ myself..
yaaay.. I texted you yesterday actually(:::: you get a new number !?
Finally Friday
It's Eastern Conf. Finals...heck yeah tune in! Always a chance they drop the gloves...IT'S NY VS. NJ...
I love music. Do you? :)
“: Cullen now with Setoguchi and Heatley. Koivu hurt about 7:40 into the game after check” left arm not moving much on replay.
oh ok. You doin good man ?
Yes, indeed, I care!
FOLLOW ME!!!<3
Someone need to follow me. Its freaking me out to have 666 followers for this long!
My little brother has a crush :') aw
Sometimes u just need to be held, and told everything will be ok even if its not true....
Thank you for the excellent learning session today You should teach somewhere, part-time of course. You're really good at it!
dear shady citizen of N Mississippi: stealing tip jars is lame! shame on you! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
not nearly enough people talking about Matthews I have him as a #Ravens target
Failing-->“: Being a good writer is 3% talent, 97% not being distracted by the internet. CYRUS FARIVAR"
do you still have the cc receipt? What did they say when you called them?
If would have her own t.v show my life would be complete so would 1million others lifes c:
Men-o-pause: When men pause before approaching you, to determine whether they are approaching a danger zone. ~ Lisa Morgan
Just waited ten minutes for the wrong Brown Line train. How long would I have ridden it? That's what I wonder.
That is a very special (and primal) love.
Good morning! :).
Ashton and Demi are finally over... Sad day for the celeb world :(
i wanna eat some wett tight pussy who gone feed me :P
If u commit suicide then we will never become friends )': no seriously im a good friend (: i think
Hudler rocks! Go RedWings! Go Howard!
Wait, slow down. Everybody dance...now?
I took drama in high school and college. Did plays,films but have a young voice
Yes the new routes including the RedLine, GreenLine and BlueLine are on Google Transit Trip Planner.
Sneak a peek at "Harry Potter" eBooks and digital audiobooks at #PLA12 Booth 818. We also have "Hunger Games" and 700,000 + titles!
Graduation time! Did you have your HS or College graduation at Kleinhans? What school? (And what year, if you are brave!)
The new site is really coming together! We can't wait for you all to see it soon! :)
“: #Capricorn's are wild sexual beings just waiting to be unleashed!”<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> really? Who would've thunk it
hopefully soon :)
Just open it or I'm leaving. -_-
you're the best
Yup hands test-drive lol
I've really appreciated the more instructional sessions - this is fab!
Pet peeve: The use of exclamation points (especially more than one) on corporate blog titles and in tweets.
Private dog training started today. Doing clicker training. Fancy is wore out and asleep already!
Fox in my driveway. Hello, sir. What a fluffy tail you have.
Fuck the fans who dont like AGT talk. There r those of us that LOVE whatever u talk about!!!
'right now I'm the supporting man in a weepy when I want to be the leading man in a porno'...
“: i love you!” love you too sis!
My dog performed some mind boggling ninja moves to cut her bath short. But I got her in the end.
We picked up several #upcycled 3" binders from #TerraCycle #Princeton last week -- only $3 each!!!
I'm so excited to go blonde tomorrow. Omg.
What Up twitter
NYC mañana. Wait till gets a load of me!!!
You don't look 15 :o ! You're pretty btw , Lol .
Oh :p If the #s were up, maybe we'll see if The Feminine Mystique worked for Ted. I like the idea of Ted/Laura & Colette/Dean. U?
Someone used the word "Higher" to describe COS and threw in there our MMJ spots just for kicks... kinda funny.
Morning everyone. :)
I wouldn't turn that down if you offered it to me!! Big fan of salads.
HOW DO THESE PEOPLE GET RARE ONE DIRECTION PICTURES?!
your welcome!(:
otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear
Yeah dat's the stuff
I hate when I misspell words on twitter. Makes all of us look bad. 140 characters and stubby fingers on an iPhone make 4 bad combo
harsh! He got us this far! Quit bitchin
Join us for today's Money Week Workshop from noon-1:00pm in Meeting Room 5: "Count Every Dollar".
As if I were taught over night the meanings ,I will never forget the moment of pure knowledge. Its right in front of us all.
No biddies.
- 2) Cheap competition happens all of the time.
Small cracks in the wing of multiple A380?
I love those guys! Seen 's live 3 times. GREAT live shows!
Bad news first lol RT : Good news and bad news, which one do yall want first?
Training Truth: You should be paying as much attention to recovery as you do to your training to get the most out of your workouts.
by your name it seems like you might be the best person to do it...
For a healthy snack smear peanut butter on whole-grain crackers, topped with cinnamon.
Made it!!!
sandwich bags...for sand and witches...happy halloween!
I hate this nervous feeling in my stomach :/
no worries, we're going to have another one next week! you should both come!!
I'm so down!
And it's based on true events! I'm not familiar with it, but interested in learning.
The fuckery <<<< *logs off*
still doing your thang< Keep the party going, I will let you know when im in the area
Thanks for the shout-out!
You were born to be real, not to be perfect. You are here to be you, not to live someone else's life.
to late i already laughed. Just buy some more
follow first and I'll follow u back =)
Apathy is alive and well.
lol teacher made a bet, if everyone in class passes final test he will wax off his entire eyebrows lol
Hi Tim! How was lunch today at Kittichai? Hope you enjoyed!
btw I still fix wit Summer Song
Nothing like a twitter split personality...this is what happens when you're home alone on a Friday night.
Till I Die- Chris Brown
I dunno I used to bounce hand set off the table top then throw it into the cradle, it was more: BANG, bang rattle rattle
Thanks for the RT!
I saw Paranormal Activity 3 it was scary =(
LOL. Im fine dude >.<
RIP Leslie Nielsen. You are awesome.
Thanks, David! Yeah: a year ago. Writing & speaking now. Send them to - the best.
Faith is all we have. That's the only option.
you guys heard of Lala.com? I hadn't, until yesterday, when I started looking for an alternative.
And i dont wanna waste time..<3
. made me BELIEVE.
there were some people im sure that said when we joined keep it in CA only
I love how reducing my rental car a day made the price go up, too. Here's to hoping things turn around from here...
don't forget to take care of yourself.
is there an over/under on tonight's game finishing before midnight EST
Windows Phone software is actually pretty nice. Dearth of apps and poorly designed hardware hurt.
Like what?
Irritated early already
Had a good day. Honey's on his way home now, but will be about 11 hrs. or so. We made a yummy pie for him. Chocolate...looks perfect.
Doe Bay went on sale? I guess I wasn't paying attention. The super fast sell out doesn't surprise me though.
I think I'm give up if it goes to 20
This is the most relaxing nap I have had in months!!:)
Good luck to in her soccer game
I'll take a breast please :)
teehee i gotta show you ny nails
Me-Hey handsome Guy-Hey beautiful Me-slips walking over Guy-Uhh I'll call you later.. Me-But you don't have my number!
Torts is nothing more than a loud mouth Italian in NYC. Shut up and coach. Finally has a winning team and still an idiot.
In a way I am helping them and not Love as an individual. He has to show that he can make an impact to help the team WIN before $!
- At some point, absolutely. There's also a "10 Years of Thes One" 5xLP box set in a handmade wooden crate on the way. Stay tuned.
so far I've heard annie, oh land, new order and little boots at leesburg mall? Am I sound tracking this place subconsciously?
Studying studying studying.
i'd actually say okc is pretty top heavy.
“: #weallknowthatoneperson that you see and immediately get pissed off.” you know we have the same person in mind lol
Not that I know of...you may be holding a different Chase.
maybe u should beat the moms...or the missing baby daddies instead. LOL
yinz are just haters. Annnnnndd did I get a invite to 5 dollar movie night? No!
Glad to have found you on Twitter! We really loved your photos and stories from 2012 Holocaust Remembrance Day in Asuncion.
if he keeps it up. yes. hes amazing
even worse....you don't even tweet anything. WHAT THE HECK?! haha
lmao let's (:
...wow, yeah. I had noticed O_O
Happy New Year from Hong Kong
damn y'all are lucky
Been here one hour and I already got someone to show me around....
Bosh was fouled 3 times glad they called the last one.
Roanoke is such a pretty town, with city flavor.
Don't know why it got thrown in there, but I liked it!
#BestTVShowEver The Wire
Yummy! Palm Greens Cafe/ Palm Springs is now offering 10% off to all Diversity Platinum members!!
of course! Can't wait to hear the new stuff! Show was cool! :)
Nashville. Not super excited at first glance - lots of football schools, mid-level programs. The city should be fun though.
thanks for the invite, Chris! I'm attending with - Is there a link to register?
the trailer park in Atlantic Beach, NC?!
attorney: There's a great deal of uncertainty about even projects that have been approved. Oversight board can decide not to pay.
Just tapped Summer Bright
Thanks for the follow. I look forward to reading your work.
Better limp all the way to heaven than not get there at all.
Breaking News: Randy Moss is retarded
Aint nothing going on but the motha fuckin Rent.
Where you at?
excited for tmr. excited for tmr. goodnight internet <3
Lafayette gets out 2 days earlier for summer break than Warhill and Jamestown...
There is something amazing about redefining yourself!
I can only find out by trying
Congrats well deserved, my friend!!!
Morning to you also mam. The #hawks are going to spank that a$$ *CAN'T WAIT* IN BART SCOTT VOICE
Lakers are reminding me that you gotta bring it every single time.
What are you currently doing with your photos? Discuss.
has been tryin for 2yrs to get u to notice her, today is her birthday, please tweet her :)
We will have to make up an occasion to excuse the calories and sugar.
Haha, thanks! it sounds just as great as it looks. Come back and visit, mister!! We need to do happy hours again!
oh, I know about pulsing headaches. I had one today too. I've counted several factors that trigger them, 2 combined are enough
Library doesn't sound right
#brewers - I have the sinking feeling this is going to go into extra innings tonight....
I love Fields I beg you Donnie don't let him go!
it's at 720 right
6 inches long
please say hi to Sparklyrebel98 she won't stop talking about you!!!!
UPDATE 1-CI Capital raises Credit Agricole Egypt to hold
Literally hitting REFRESH every 10 seconds to see if I have to work Superbowl Sunday...
and where will the wheels be going down?
smh i heard they were still in stock lol
I hope you follow me and tweet me but I love you and your amazing and you make me smile! :)
I hope you know I'm done trying to talk to u first..it's always me
It's amazing what a difference a pixel can make.
it honest to God happened. Life: 1 , Carrie: 0
My sister is the worst driver known to man.
Sidetracked at the largest zombie store in new york - walk.ruined! Must take two bags of ghost stuff back to hotel.
damn on what. Like what
Thanks for the tweet love! We can't wait to see you in October. Lots of great session/speakers to be announced soon.
Mythology? Now that sounds fun. I'm having a good day. Yummy lunch with my Mama!
Talking up and to !
Attorney Stephen Stern is speaking on effective workplace investigations Thursday :30, (AASHRM) at Anne Arundel Co. Public Schools Offices
Took advantage of yesterday's warm and sunny weather to eat & shop at Easton! My husband made out well- 2 suits, a tie and shoes!
haha no! Just sometimes
Haha it's the first time i've watched it in forever
My first birthday present where the giver has asked for something in return.
yea hopefully lol bt thank u, u too. (:
Just got my mom home from the Hospital. She couldn't breath because of a bad heart of 15 that's the lowest a person can live with.She is 64.
class and self-respect.
It's days like this that remind me why I absolutely love living in NYC.
Good workout at La fitness
#143 your stunning <3 I'm gonna have to go with Harry or Zayn :D
Are you kidding me? I shop for office supplies like most women shop for shoes. I have a stockpile of Post-Its, notebooks and pens.
What is your opinion of the tool, translation memory and the how it relates to the context of translation?
Ah, it must have been Thanks for that! Great talk,
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
how have I not seen you yet??
Tour Stop is interviewing Stone Sour, Hellyeah and Hail the Villain in a few days, send us your questions for the bands.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the debt.
Why is it Every time I Succeed At Something I Have Doubts
350 crunches and interval running. Tomorrow it will be hot yoga. Getting ready for this beautiful Seattle summer!
"..only reason I'm voting for this bill is due to the tax relief for charities". Bullshit, I see that off purple shirt/tie combo.
Valentine's day comment for men, Lets step it up & get something around the house repaired or new, for extra points, dont u like extra point
Wow! MT : Fantastic results. : Colicchio says Rick Bayless' restaurant biz up 200% after TC MASTERS.
Happy to celebrate the successes of tonight! A big thank you to Kevin and his continued dedication!
only costumes...“: Thank you for your swift response. Not even paint or powder #OnDeRoad?! #csom”
Gives me a good excuse to plant myself by the window with a book and a hot cup of tea. How was Rubbish?
I hope none! Totally creepy and weird!!
Spongebob is absorbant. He lives at the bottom of a bikini. Conclusion, Spongebob is a tampon.
Night night homies!
TIVA/WIFV Networking Happy Hour in DC tomorrow!!
cute isn't it?
Great BADRAP chat. Thanks. They rock.
More like "Leader? In the Clubhouse!"
Happy people plan actions, they don't plan results.
: Thank you for getting the Buddy Bike out there! Hope to ship 2 more Buddy Bikes to you this week! Just confirming details.
So I call to add Mobile to Any Mobile feature & get a delay of 2 weeks. In other words ATT IS NOT OFFERING THE FEATURE STARTING TODAY?
take it to the bridge steve!
DUK: Coupon Codes can B found by doing a search on the vendors name + coupon code. Simple put in at checkout & save percentage of your buy.
I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job, I need a job!!
thanks for the RT
she looks like a strung out Bob Dylan in that pic. But I like it. haha
We all have a friend with a retarded laugh.
I've been wondering about it and I love Ski ball!!!
hey what up........dont no what to tweet so what up......(to random wierd poeple)heheheheheheheheheehehehehehe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omg my mother is gonna drive me crazy !!!!!
You ain't got no pancake mix!
Welcome. Follow back? Please.
Gross neckbeard patches- gone.
let's go red sox! Clap clap clap clap clap!
oh no..someone brought peanut M&Ms into the office... we all remember my addition to the big jar of those at !!
If your not weird then ur not GRAND.<3
Newt says the elites in Washington and New York do not represent the interest of everyday Americans.
maybe if I hear it.. How are you? What's new?
I can't stop laughing
I wanna be as beast as Temperance Brennan on #Bones one day.
I'm really mad at directioners, except the ones that like BTR
gotta get you a blowout boss.
Shaun T you are the definition of INSANE. That workout kicked my ass! My body is going to be screaming tomorrow.
Freshly baked multi grain bread! Can't get enough of this bread stone..
congrats so awesome. What a blessing!
Plans for tonight: check and MATE.
Hopefully today is a Good day .
I love my wonderful boyfriend
Have a great workout.
So imma need bac up if I come over there... Lol
Welcome to Twitter!
how do you feel
Being risk-averse is death. If you're not pissing someone off, you're not doing it right.
Pro Tip: If you install you don't want to leave any trace of your paperwork for it on the unit or in email.
I don't believe it! Could this be Herr Mic? Oh, man, you're changing so fast I'm getting dizzy LOL!
Im not apart of nobody hometeam fuck that free shit pay me
also. I was ready for bed at 6:15. wtf?
yep, vancouver
RT : Starting our Tweetchat on Mental Health in 10mins - join us to discuss awareness, stigma, & more using:
Little stink is getting his ass handed to him.
Just a fangirl..
Let your friends and fam know about me...Up and Coming R&B Producer C.A.P. Cali's Adroit Prospect. www.facebook.com/calisadroitprospect
let's see those vinyl release photos!
Hope you enjoyed the journey on the Road to Hana. Love the comparison!
#itshardwhen you have 12 exams let and half of them are Maths!!!! :'(
Looking for those with experience in applying for #prsa awards. Considering whether to apply or not. It's pricey.
Anyone want to go to The Magic Flute with me? Tomorrow night at Lyric.
happy six months sweety I love you so much
Grizzlies vs. OKC Thunder just starting... Who else really wants the Grizzlies to crush OKC?
been thoroughly unimpressed by gibson in this series thus far. maybe not tonight, but this could be the biggest mistake of the series.
Why do I always manage to come to work hungover?
Halverson: for leaders, schools are real-time strategy games!
“: And then we gorged ourselves #mexi #woof” sick feeling...now on to the pasta bar
Astute: By framing his views on #equality as a journey rather than a fait accompli, Obama invited the wavering middle to make the same trip.
Looking forward to your tweets!
Yes indeed...not nearly as strong. Unless we're near a thunderstorm today, the wind shouldn't be bad today or tomorrow either!
i am sorry to hear and I hope he is without pain
speaking of - do you guys know that tonight is pub night at Rye?
Using Nike+ for a personal experiment at work. To see how much I walk on an average day and how many calories I burn as a news photographer.
Happy Friday eve! Orlando: It's about to downpour outside! Be safe!
I got talked into joining an intramural ultimate frisbee team half an hour before the first game...wish me luck!
You get talked about whether your good or bad!
May Dick Clark be enjoying the top 40 countdown in heaven. Hosted American Bandstand most of my life....
hahha, I have no idea what your hashtag means. But searching it implied lesbos. She's hot though, so....
thanks I took echinacea a week ago before I knew I was pregnant or around when I found out. but just realized it said not to
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 52
Look what I got!
hey can you give a shout out to please and thank you,!(:
if it was an act of god, it proved God is a fan ;)
Great point Matt! We're all shocked! Why not pitch to the biggest loser in the league???
With three quarters in the books, UMass is up 7-2 on Towson. Towson finally got on the scoresheet in the third.
yea John Cusack is one of my favorite actors
I hope when I get old, Ashton Kutcher doesn't replace me. He's just awful at that.
Been holding it in but I have to share - so honored to join , , & as a Kay L. Bitter award winner for ISTE!
Good morning friends!
X-Box Kinect and Wii (dance games) Come play X-Box Kinect and Wii (dance games) at One Up Elevated Lounge Tonight and every monday night !
I have been smelling bleach in my apartment all day today, wtf.
yeah, first sticking homework down his pants, then stealing my pencils, & then slamming my fingers.. <U+E11A><U+E413>
tempers flared cause your team and billechumppp, and redhead stepson Brady lost hommie!!
say ma if a nigga call someone lame but b4 he said anything to you he wanted me to hang with him whos lame
I texted you .
Saving the PC world . . . curing one computer virus at a time!
“: I love messing with people at the register or drive thru...it's fun” And they love putting bodily fluid in your food
I think I might listen to some Mayday Parade today. Celebration for the sake of celebration.
LOL...YEA RIGHT...
who you playing with?
The things you do when no one is looking, are the things that define you
"Nurse Gottabody" LMAO I could watch Martin all day
Do you practice with your golf shoes on?
Can you write a really long Onew imagine for me one day? *A*
Yes. He was stricken my senior year of high school with tragedy.
Even if we let it go you should know i still got it for you.
Very surprised they're pitching to Wieters
hey how you doin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I LOVE DANCING WITH THE STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO JENNIFER AND DEREK!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE VOTE 1-800-868-3411
you so should sit down and speak with me. Worked on a lot of migraines. They are so painful and debilitating. Feel better!
I would if I had gas, not til tomorrow lol.What!? Did they say when you should expect it?
breakfast at Frank's.
Darius Miller played awesome!!
Men: you tell me why it's so hard to put the toilet seat down & I'll tell you why 'women are so complicted'.
Change of plans. Lets giv'r
8 am Thursday. Leave Tuesday at 5. I'll be staying at the Mirage next door.
Is a pooter
I am ready with that code! And u am too excited!!!!!!!
MT : I see from my Timeline that #EmoNegro #1 Tavis Smiley is on with / He loves himself more than anything, ever!
Can't wait to see this years Dove Awards!!!
I think #OOMF b hiding under my bed....lol
You had to be a hell of a woman for Avedon to want to crawl on his knees across the Bronx for you. Quite a life!
im n tha process of jus becumin a better more intelligent more conscience person...nd thats real!!!
go through the school.....:)
Good Morning
iGenii hopes you'll have an amazing weekend!
must use hashtag #spelmuse. Thanks for participation! Try again !
What's the difference between parsley and pussy? Nobody eats parsley.
don't you mean a "Caucasian"
Music is the poetry of the air.
Bug bomb your car? Is that a thing? Can we do that?
waiting on documents from Ala archives and researcher in Macon MS..the anticipation is killing me..like a kid at Christmas time
V That's what happens when takes my iPod.....
I've got some serious swamp right now. And I don't like it
I'm going to be Steve Jobs and drink Washington Apples all night. What's your costume and drink going to be on Oct 29th?
Go Irish! Go #rva! RT : #rva native Will Hudgins (Tucker HS) was named Big East Pitcher of the Week yesterday. Congrats, !
Hi, i am just starting to tweet, so hey !
Up praying, meditating, & reading the word. I need my nourishment after being drained from this world. I have to pace myself for this race.
Moves like Jagger < abs like Jesus.
I broke my headphones. D:
After much thought, voted no. Want to see better alignment. Name wasn't it, neither was way this was handled
damn based god
Thx for following back. Looking forward to meeting you!
Friends! Download the free app, #iappreciate it's the COOLEST ever. Send "appreciative" notes for FREE. I love it! Check it out!!!
are you hinting at something or is it just my wishful thinking?? :)
I am looking for Non-profit groups n charities that are looking to raise more money in 2010. Please feel free to pass along my information.
Apparently not!
Returned the metaphor mixer because a penny saved is worth two in the bush.
#HoeThoughts "We can beat Kentucky in the Final Four."
Feel so sick
So..hello vampires..
Just saw This Means War....by myself.
can any of the fans who bought tix to last night's delayed game be compensated? @ least come to the park to watch the 9th inning?!
Happy 100th Anniversary to my alma mater, ! Here's to the next 100.
Happy Friday Agam! Hope that last tweet doesn't overload your phone...
Thanks for the tease Chicago spring. Back to normal beautiful Feb weather
no constructor craft fair for you?
Mad a.f
Thanks for the follow -
Tall friend:"I'm getting short" Me:NO WERE GETTIN TALLER! Lol smh
hey! Folloow me back :)
where do you go? next time im coming to make a fool of myself!
TACOS FOR SUPPER. time to get my fat girl on.
staying up trying to get to notice me and he doesnt even notice me tho #typical #itsallgood ;)
I don't understand how anyone could beat their child. I swear, some people are so sick!
I love that its not even cold out when I walk out side ! (; #makesmehappy!
gotcha I will let you know when there coming
I HATE SCHOOL! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
:x we had to sit next to each other in this class & I just told him & he's like o.O that's creepy & I was like you're telling me
I can't wait to see how the blogging challenge goes for your students. It should be a good experience for them.
Barry Bonds sentenced to probation, home confinement in obstruction case
Thanks! Still wish I didn't miss you yesterday, as you and the others are some of my favorites. Hope the tour is going well.
this girl thinks i'm wrong for not talking too a 40 year oldd..ha pathetic!
Can't wait to celebrate the Basketball season w the team tonight! 4th St Live @ 5:30 folks. Be there!
I know they're amazing. have you order his latest book it comes out later this month. Can't wait to read it
Those dreams when you wake up sweating.
Mick Jagger could be Harry's dad (; #VasHappeninBoys love that song.
did you see assistance? was phenomenal in it
Here comes the sun to welcome a new day - Right on!
Constant: things are always changing
I did mane that was my fault haha
where have you been?!
All of Wisconsin can't wait 2 c on
Silly post but just downloaded Twitter to new android phone. New age!
Shady shady shady
ahh is making logos any fun
jammin to "Lookin' At Me By i love this song i wish it would have been a single! Also is the version with Sean paul a demo?
She all on ma dick cuz I make a lot of money ' but idk why cuz she get none from me
haha good point. They'd end up colonizing the rest of NA.
haha Its some cheap stuff I got at mandee's called 818 Sexy Girl knock off of 212 Sexy it smells so good though!!!
I woke up like That
you are crazy ...eggs are gross, pancakes are gross, milk = the nastiest ...breakfast is just trife!
Yeah becuz of school rite ?
Vet in audience at #otn: We all need to fix econ probs. Media needs to help us with movement/spin.
I've missed that! Quite an accolade. I clearly need to go home more.
Hi there. thanks for the shout out :) We did enjoy the short weekend, thank you :) Hope you did, too ^^
cool. Did MTV call u yet?
so, so true, Dave. I know first hand. :) cc:
Coffee is the only thing keeping me going right now
Started the great migration to bring the music collection in as FLAC. Anticipate finishing in 2013.
when did jose lopez get back on this team?
i think you need to have a contest for tickets for the be iconic experience!
I'm just a regular user. My tech background doesn't make me automagically understand confusing design.
We're working on costumes for Dirty Ball right now. So excited!
When you're stuck in the middle the best/wise thing to do is keep your mouth closed & keep comments to yourself ...
Hi! No and so bummed to miss it! Prior commitment before I heard about it. I still need to buy the book, too! Mew. You going?
Can you do so regardless of whether it's the best use of your white academic privilege?
lol RT LIS students rejoice librarians roll eyes Lagerfeld to create fragrance that smells of books zite.to/eV3BMl
One step at a time, start today so you can be one step ahead!
Looking for work in healthcare sales around Boston - any leads are appreciated!
EVERYONE'S LIKE OH HARRY AND BECCA OR REBECCA OR SOME SHIT ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER AND IM JUST LIKE WUT
I can't wait for your new single. Everything you do is brilliant<21
Oh baby, my stomach is talking to me.
Always a good time. Get in, Get out, Get on with your day bro...Just bangin it out and rattling that Dr. Roto Guy!
"Just don't mention the war"
Get BizXpenseTracker app. I have it on my iPhone, makes expense recording a breeze. I use it daily.
Looking for a local student from northwest metro currently studying in Japan... know someone? Contact me at or 6127209074
Taking notes nshit
Waiting to find out how much my car will cost me this week. Reading Fred Factor. My boss lent it to me. Anyone read this one before?
Sister: go to sleep Me: NEVER!
OH MY GOD.
that rabbit was HUGE I would not like to see it at a easter egg hunt kids would go crazy
Why does bj get me and Morgan mixed up! I'm not the annoying and evil one!
Was surprised to learn, as well, we graduated same year 1994. Took me till 2006 to finish grad school. How'd you manage so fast?
I'm in a tiny town myself =/ where are you from? and you should check us out on facebook and tell me what you think =]
Hey! Just got back from SAN FRANCISCO!Walt Disney Family Museum=Amazing!
MONA MONA MONA!!!!!!
awesome thanks!
I'm deleting this account..
I have been trying to figure out if there is a way to center align in MarkDown but haven't figured it out - that'd be a great feature
why is it always a lake house? why not a river house, or stream house? creek house? ocean house? no? well fuck you.
Linus VanPelt? Never knew his last name.
We rollin out tonight??
RT : Former Florida #Gators F Corey Brewer will sign with the Dallas #Mavericks, according to ESPN.
God is the only one we need to get our value from - In Christ alone
Thanks stay fresh brotha! Ill see u on set again one day soon hopfully!!
go to youtube and search KARISSA LYNN
Everything is funnier when you tryna be serious
WHAT A NIGHT. Still no sleep though
Amazing night for sailing.
happy bday - hope you're celebrating!
you are...... WOOOMMMPPPP
think he can use the Dave Amos excuse?!
thanks for posting this. I'm going to use it in my access/equity class tomorrow.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant. ~Robert Louis Stevenson
About time. Its very nice :-) RT : see I told U I smile :-p
I'm going out of my mind all day and all night.
where can I get one?
Good Morning! Give someone a reason to smile today. Live kind!
nothing just hitting you up see how ya doing
that's great! We all worked together at Ambrosia. We called it organized chaos! :-)
Four Virginians are dead after about 350 of Lord Dunmore’s troops, including run away slaves ambushed Virginia militia near Norfolk.
9/2/44: Transport from Lodz ghetto arrives at Auschwitz; 393 men selected for labor, the remainder of the deportees gassed
The teen contestants missing the Beastie Boys question...still shocked.
Great day at the White House Easter Egg Roll with Track Super Star and Thanks for inspiring the kids!
I just tried to "CTRL V" on my mobile device. This has brought me to a whole new level of professional I would say.
I really wanna go to reenos today with .i hope my bf is DTG cause seriously its been a while.
me too
Congrats, Charlie!
we want to see u smile to u r new York fans smile and follow
There was no ink involved yesterday but I was assured I had nothin to worry about from this point on
omg is your icon real
Thanks my far-away friend! :)
I'm amped I can't wait for June woo
The boys soccer coach is English and looks vaguely like Jason Statham. I love soccer.
tonights casual libations...03 D'Aiguilhe, 09 Decoy Napa Cab. Right bank wins hands down..oh yeah. Too bad i have to be up at crack of 6.30.
Just about pooped myself
Everything about austin is perfect <3
Just so we're all on the same page, food that makes you poop a lot is the best
Spurs better have another powerful second half
RT : Everything can be taken away in an instant.
Photographing not one but two historic houses = awesome weekend on the Raritan in central NJ
Oh, I'll have to let my little cousin know. She just adored the series. Thanks for the heads up! :)
I think song IF YOU DONT WANT TO LOVE ME is HOT and the video, its #1 in my book. Cant wait til her new music come out
The world could use more Mark Ruffalo.
Cavs own Miami's first next year. In the Sessions deal, they got the right to swap it with the Lakers pick next year
ok then !thank you (:
He's already talking about stealing my idea and appropriating it as content.
Google AdWords Question - What is your favorite AdWords report?
Depends on the seams. All too often they're obvious, and make life painful for users & devs.
I really don't want to be @ work today, but sitting at home wont put money in my pocket.
haha that's how we do @
Happy Monday Rockstars! Hope you have a great week!
Don't ever call me a dyke. I will go crazy on you.
You are a genius. Thank you! Seriously how do you know this?
May get the opportunity to see "The Hunger Games" tonight! Send me positivity!
Early morning commercial shoot.
: hey check out #Athousandandonenights on its a great song from
yall was beast in the video girls talkin bout
Looking work with real estate agent from all over the world. Please call me or visit my website www.kinworth.com
it's amazing seeing my boyfriend every day <3
At The Path Home Job Fair, Brownsburg American Legion Post 12 Noon - 4 PM , AAR Aircraft, Home Depot and others!
"Chickens need to be protected, hang the chicken farmers" - Preacher Man - Adventures of JAB
Well, maybe not pull on during sex but cuddling, she's gonna play with your hair or when you're kissing lol. I mean, I do :p
Why do we not have this ability yet? I always write posts in my head while driving or falling asleep, but never go further.
President & CEO of VI, Dr. Armando Guavara will be speaking at the XVII Costa Rica ESRI Conference and VI will host a booth. See you There!
lol julie love you i am the die hared tvd fan!!!!!
The pleasure was all ours ! Congrats on the #UDLinks mobile app presentation!
Little known treasure, Milwaukee's Nat'l Soldiers Home is the only one remaining of the 3 original constructed after the Civil War.
I check my tl and see Laker fans and Lebron haters running they mouths.
the fresh maker, we are now twitter buds. Love that Dumas quote. We need to set up a play date. Aviary, Children's Museum etc. ;)
dang mane yu gettin old mane
Going to Belgium and Italy for 3 weeks. Lots of food await me. But will I manage three weeks without burritos and tacos?
what did you think of DD's Dancing last night ?
Success often comes to those who have the aptitude to see way down the road. ~ Laing Burns, Jr.
moonlight hike? “ What to in Boulder on so-called "date night" after eating? Is there anything other than "movie or Kitchen Upstairs?
thanks. Very nice of you sir. We like our buzz too
Ola'i - Hawaiian for earthquake or a pumice stone used to polish canoes.
haha I don't have many things left to pierce! But I'll totally go with :)
Eric , our project manager, just told me that Justin Bieber's Song, Boyfriend, is "His Jam" .... what do you say to that???
there ya go...
Freedom is A LOADED SHOTGUN!
sounds like it possibly. :/ Wuu2?
See you at softball tonight!
Dear Lord, Please help me I don't want to die
I ordered SNOW CHILD for my library, it looked interesting.
Divekick is only one word. Don't make come after you.
y? I hv probs with my mom and my dad moved when I was 6!!! So now what?!
well Ralph... It means you're picking your nose too much.... Or not enough.
If I get up in three minutes I can say I was up before ten.
Design Tip: Bring warm colors, such as yellow and orange, into your home during the winter season to help your home feel warmer and cozier.
Esky, Falu and Humby coming up for the Royals
Where tf is my vacation?!
come on and get it my lil baby bop!
Cyber bully lesson!!! yea... good stuff... i am such a nerd.
wow #Kobe has played in more #NBAPlayoff games than the entire #Nuggets roster
Hecck Yeah(: I Wanted A Chicago Bulls Snapback So I GOT ONE(; with my name on the side!!! A Northface!
Judy and I are attending Will we see you?!
I can't wait untill tomorrow !!!!!!! What time is it ? and i love you ! :)
Now your just somebody that I used to know...
please do share!
Baking for a special little girl for her Brrr-day! Can we get some snow please????
Global Grind Clothing Banners are ordered!!
so if it's 60%, it's not every time. :-)
idk but I just know that I would be very very sad...
Davey Johnson needs to TAKE A SEAT
I'M RIGHT THERE WITH U!!!
#followfriday just because good stuff about social media
#Brewers almost to the ballpark
I was so angry at them.
happy Paczki day everyone. If I still lived near the D, I'd be up in Hamtramck trying to score some nice ones.
i'm thinking of a four letter word that starts with d.. what word is it ?
Facebook stalk
Oh that's a tough choice, but they're all great schools! Congrats! I'd recommend visiting each and seeing what your gut says.
is a good sport with a sense of humor for my silliness....follow her now and show love..selfish fuxkas!!!
me too. It is too awesome. I would love to eventually work at a store like that.
Hello all! Sorry for the delay! Glad to be with
you're doing some work in this twitter prof pic.
No one bites back as hard on their anger.
Senate Appropriations Committee now underway. SB 1530 (Padilla) went to suspense. Author waived hearing. THANK YOU to all who made contacts.
Inspiring day at Stanford w innovative thinkers organized by
lol oh okay
Parcells! Save the Saints!!
A friend of mine in a $$$ bracket I am in is 16-0 after the first day.
Resist the temptation to jump in and work on the ideas you get. Instead, tackle them first thing next week.
Thats one of my damn pet peeves!
I think "T is nine. Nine years ago my grandfather died and I couldn't go to his funeral because I was on bedrest." *sighs*
Lol RT: In 2011, it is estimated that QR codes were used by 8 people who dont work in marketing, tech or PR; a 50% rise on 2010
watching some rancid episodes of south park in the airport... while someone's 5yr old looks over my sholder... providing ill to minors
Great time dying eggs at midnight. Yup, that's how we do :x
is this a Cars duet?!
no worries, come game time they were ALL Brewers!
This isn't our Will Forte.....we aren't MacGrubers!
Who ordered the monsoon of rain here in Orlando? My pool is almost overflowing..
#ThingsIDislike the battery life of my iphone.
"Do you remember when we met? Liquor, drinks, & cigarettes. Credit card so in debt." Love this song for the velar stops. Yum.
It's good to have James' leg to be humping.
Nope, the brunette
Or "the stang" for short ;)
I honestly love catching so much
"The saddest thing in life, is wasted talent..."A Bronx Tale.. One of the best movies, ever.
Thanks for the encouragement!! What's your favorite verse? :)
Go rangers go.
You're only as good as your last haircut.
you are very welcomw
Demi Made Us Stronger. Thank You . For everything . For telling us to ignore the hate . And for teaching us , you can overcome everything .
Describe your favorite shirt you own.
Defensive decisions loom large - ESPN
Definition of severely underprepared student for remedial ed - Reading level below 6th grade.
Sounds wonderful! Have fun...
A glitch in Facebook Timeline which gives everyone a date of death.
10 hours! But I'm on spring break and really want to go!!
God damn I can't wait to record some tunes this winter break.
Happy Birthday to and Nancy & Dara .
being molested by a catholic priest > Econ
Dear HEB, I love what your peach habanero splash has done to my tilapia.
which one has the nest?
Let's go Mavs!!! Time to drop the hammer
becuz ... whenever i sleep this late i feel all crusty lol
I have found myself thinking about Amy Winehouse and how judgemental people can B. Well u won't have 2 B judged N E more, but loved. R.I.P.
Educational Fair Use Guidelines: not laws, min standards (sound like max). Endorsed by publishers, not teacher/libn
just got my first Pinterest spam. le sigh
Love Gold Rush. Bering Sea is just as good.
oh yeah congrats!!!
Okay guys I'm done with my tirade. Hey , with some free booze on my return flight we could be friends again! I prefer vodka.
I'm glad that my life's a fuckin great joke to u mutha fuckers!?
Not ready to say goodbye to some people.
I just put your new Tumblr in my Google reader. #irony Good luck w/ your March Madness!
Guess i gotta move on
Tomorrow is gonna be an exhausting day:/
Kobe like 50 shit critical <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>RT : If the lakers loose im done watching basketball for the rest if this year
Thank You. We try to be of service for #Browns fans.
. I correctly guessed Moorhead last time. This round looks like OtabengaJones member will take the
did someone say pot roast?
At the same time as film makers are making the Hobbit they're encouraging fans to vote on actors for the Runelords film.
No....your assumption is silly.
Lol I don't know what they twit names are, that's why I was asking you okay we can help eachother.
Per Timothy Ferris: The "New Rich" is a subculture that believes time and mobility represent those who are really wealthy.
Begin with the end in mind
ahh its ok, well i cant read anything, i need contacts again.:/ ahh
Having doubts on the big day? Repeat to yourself 10x: "I am ready. I am prepared. I am getting into this school today!"
Washington DC citizens are entitled to congressional representation, since they pay federal taxes.
History Making Tell-All Documentary Top Priority: The Terror Within To Debut May 2012
Um .... this some bs
GET OVER IT IT IS WHAT HE DOES...
I miss you twitter friends. This whole PhD thing is really getting in the way of our relationship.
YES! BUBBA WON! THAT MEANS PEOPLE WILL FINALLY QUIT TWEETING ABOUT FUCKING GOLF ON MY TIMELINE!
I'm sold that we're not going to win with selfish
Wow! Good for them. Nice to hear these kinds of stories. Hope your cousin is healing well.
You bet!
hehehe. i haven't written a single thing in like 8 months...but i just couldn't take it anymore. hahah
I got so excited watching her, she was so good she gave me the chills! :)
Iiiiiight, me too.
too late.
Hot tea time and rest!
Dude, I ate a huge ass burrito and it killed me this morning. But I still love me some #fuelcity!
GREAT piece!
Talkin trash about our next mayor? I witnessed your baby dunk & will back NF--I'm smart that way. ;)
Time to throw away the oars.... ;)
maybe you should go teach her??????????
Mosaics...Glass Fusing...Crafty day at CG!
I almost put "Living on Video" by Trans X but thought it might be too esoteric for you'all.
They got my ghetto P fucked up
TSOI-NY reports from the field dispatch: WOODEN BIRDS about to take stage in 10 mins at Rock Shop.
What's easier to understand? "Chiropractor" or "Spinal Hygenist"? I've just heard "Spinal Hygenist" for the first time =) www.3cpdx.com
I don't know, but I would love to find out!
It looks like they've stopped the spread of the fire. People working hard to help each other--you know people care here.
I just met you, and this is crazy... I don't have your number, so give it to me maybe? ;)
Book 3 of #hungergames! #TeamPeeta baby! Finishing this book will be bittersweet.
hook up on race car is not a good sign but just tight up something is ok so let go back to the front, go sadler and dillion
At this rate, I might reach 100!!
I love what u just said on : don't read book reviews. Is my m.o. Same for movies. Tell me nothing.
Alright and It's lunctime. Where are we meeting?
"say yolo one more time..."
"together you can stir a gentle sea breeze or drown in your own sexual tsunami. But oh, the romance is worth it. ' :D
I get in around 6. I leave around 5:30.
sleep.finally.
"Up to my neck / like Toulouse-Lautrec" - "The Move" from Hello Nasty
Mental note:. Look up www.manvsgeorge.com local music posters.
I used to have an obsession with Ralph Lauren & Tommy boxer briefs
HAHAHAHAHHAHA I havent laughed like that in forever haa
needs an adventure to Costa Rica via suborbital school-made spacecraft :D
BAD DAY?
As forrest would say "life is like a box of chocolates, u never know what you are going to get"
I'd be down w/ that, but I also <3 for creating new #sitcoms. Which shows on their lineup would u toss to make room?
If I find out someday that Bob Denver stole chinface from someone I will be severely devastated.
If you worried about falling off the bike, you'd never get on. ~ Lance Armstrong
Enjoying unexpectedly tasty guacamole at frontera at o'hare, thanks to a 2nd-hand suggestion by
good but long!
Remind me, what is the mission goal?
#ff the cool to you too!
Love your vintage ostrich handbag from Argentina!
transgenders also have been getting hormones in prison! Premarin (synthetic estrogen) does not belong at a male prison. Never!
That awkward moment when you really want to talk to someone, but don't know how to continue the conversation.
For me it is.
<U+C0DD><U+C77C> <U+CD95><U+D558><U+D574> - hope you are well^^
Why? It's estimated that 50 percent of that will go to charity. Good for him.
How the great #smart #educated #progressive of #Wisconsin get #hoodwinked #bamboozled by #republicans #backwards #scottwalker?
the great thing about #thesocial is that its designed around actually meeting mature people in a great environment
Its officially official
Gwyneth Paltrow looked like she forgot to wash her hair yesterday when she left her apt.
good luck kingston....
My boss:"The writing sin of your generation is to use nouns as verbs." My response: thx 4 the 411. Tmrw I'll wrk on that. k? lol
Fuck you mom your an asshole.
“: I'm gon just show up and eat! I might bring the plastic/paperware lol”-_____-
Time is running out to save 35% off your entire order of wall decals in our shop. Coupon Code is SPRING35 (Expires May 1) www.wilsongraphics
wat if u iron the paper? :D
need to increase your flexibility? Want to learn to be Graceful & Poised? Come to Ballet at 5:45-6:45!All levels are Welcome to participate!
THINGS YOU SHOULDNT DO Never disrespect your women! Retweet if you believe me!!
RT : By faith you became partakers of the initial grace; by that same faith you can enjoy the continuous grace of abiding in Him
“: love it bro was on your website looks great and sounds great! Hope we can hook up soon ” Hell yea!!!
Checking out the planters at Ikea. Hope to score a deal.
Y'all are singing Queen songs on the first live episode? That's freaking awesome! Could I love y'all anymore?
I know! We have to look at a calendar to figure out when that's gonna be!
Hope I didn't goof! North Anderson Little League! Thanks again for awards in the Ballroom last night!!!
Still thinking about the eggs boiled in urine.
yeah, i should probably start using my other account again too!
Slice of the Week BAY VIEW: portabella mushrooms, roasted red peppers, spinach, and herbed goat cheese!
"it was easy to believe all of it, and just as easy not to believe any of it."
Nope. Once they start thinking like cats, only then will they get it! MOL!!!
Atleast to someone, I'm something.
I've never lied to a girl about my age.
Thanks for featuring our infographic on your blog!
RT Me and my twin JThorntonJr Walked the stage!!! <-- congrats!!
I'm who I am cos I worked hard on it!
Happy Friday! Anything fun going on this weekend?
Customer just called to make sure I was coming by today. I already met with him and took his order! These people own businesses?
hey Ced. I'm trying to send Luda some tracks for his new project. Can I send them to you?
We are OPEN Christmas Eve! 12pm-5pm!
How can you worry bout someone that u don't have control of...
thanks for the RT's!
Yuhh huh, it was a good morning text. :) You replied!
id rather eat RAAANNNNDAAAYYYYY
Dear #Milwaukee sports analysts: I dont care how Prince is doing in Detroit. Why not? Um, because hes in Detroit.
Idk when I left he was still up there
Winter Wellness Weekends! Enjoy HALF OFF any massage every Saturday and Sunday. www.ElevationsMassage.com
I've got it bad! I'm actually craving HardTack!
I'm at Life Church in West Chester this morning. 8480 Cincinnati Columbus Rd, Cincy, OH 45069. Come join us and be blessed! Starts @ 10:30am
Instagram : tonyessence 820 followers ----> follow the hype cuz numbers don't lie
I used coconut oil this weekend for my scrambled eggs and also French toast. One word: delicious!
When are they going to get rid of the British chick on the office? She is terrible.
Now I've lost all respect for Their 2012 catalog actually refers to the Civil War as "The War Between the States." Ugh!
a hockey team... woo atlanta... RT I know Winnipeg has lots to offer but whats the 1 thing missing that people want in the city?
Bought my mom Chili's. I'm hoping that distracts her from the fact that I still haven't cleaned my room.
All my bro's get bitches, (:
RT Say you'll be surprised of we get to the sweet 16? Dude a joke! Settle for nothing but a ship!!
Gave my pass away last yr to lucky twitter winner(couldn't go) Pay it forwd luv back in my direction? Want pass to #WPPI Vegas?
'Mother do you think they'll try to break my balls?' *Pink Floyd* - 'Mother'
That BIG EGO of yours , really makes up for that SMALL DICK . huh ?
RT : So true. Everybody is a tough guy online. You can't win an argument online so don't try. Know when to direct people...
Wanna see largest blue line motorcade since DNC (150 cops!) deliver toys to Children's Hosp. Watch Denver news 2morrow, maybe national :)
I did private tutoring for 2y. I'm fine with that but need consistent pay at close to FT.
Thoughtfulness for others, generosity, modesty and self-respect are the qualities which make a real gentleman or lady. -Thomas H. Huxley
did u hear Carmen Carrera came out as a trans? Now that's one fishy mofo. But not as fishy as Little Mermaid Kenya Michaels
Maybe it's for the best the Grizzlies lost the game. They've hit rock bottom and can now harness that anger. I'd be afraid if I'm Flop City.
oh btw there's a much needed phone call in order tonight!
#CLV hot boys, hot boys, whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do when TT comes for you???? ;)
Enjoying an amazing weekend with lifelong friend Baptiste... in a beautiful sunny nearly Normand village.
Want do you wanna hear tonight? Hit me up via FB for your song request! #SnowSunday on The Brew 104.9fm
I don't know not one black person that don't hold on grocery store bags after shopping. LoL
RT : RT : Celebrate ' Seven Year Anniversary with a Jean performance! Don't miss out on this!
Just when your dead tired and feeling like crap the #Heat come and make your night <3
Is Michael Brockers just a bigger Spears? - ESPN (blog)
nice Wikipedia link, thanks for sharing
How does everyone like the new background?
Praying for you today. God has great things for u this year. What was against you in the past will now be for you! Blessings!
thanks for following!
The jokes on you bruh!
thanks for the follow :) We look forward to your tweets!
You seem to be angry tonight, - everything good?
I think he goes somewhere from 10-12 but honestly it could be any of those three; don't think he falls below 12
I want a goodnight tweet from !!!<3
Ride food fun all you can ride today for $15.00
SO Gladd I brought headphone <U+2665> - life saver .
Great minds ...
Well NOW I'm wishing I had a pool, thanks! ;P
haha just wait till we are available!
are you the Jim Saia who produced the UCLA 1-4 offense video?
Soul opens the 2nd quarter with touchdown pass to Tiger Jones. 21-14 Preds
Tomorrow is the big day!
I wish I could go! When I'm back in San Diego next year, I'll be a regular for sure.
“I’m convinced that about half of what separates the successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance.” Steve Jobs
Lmao high as a kite
This is for Patrick.
yeah I know it doesn't.. Haha
that's pretty cool actually lol
Duquesne University at the Entrepreneur Growth Conference
Resilience: 2. Ability to recover readily from illness , depression, adversity, or the like ; buoyancy
Cream in Old Town Tonight who you with gonna be off the hook see u there!! Wired Mondays with Kevin Dow,Scottsdale Nights and AzPartyLife!!!
I do read him, have long read him. And sometimes he's boss, and sometimes he drives me nuts. That's how I like it.
you bet & like Hart, very susceptible to the slider
bru no we smashed da city n dat bitch we been every where if dat butch had one moe seat n it on god u wouldve been n it
It'd be funny if he did...hahahahah!
In that case, I won't say anything
Sending posi vibes to on her first day back in library land!
Evergreen Garden Vietnamese restaurant after photoshoot San Francisco napa wedding
Correcting auto-correct, Confucian Not confusion :-)
good morning! the #FAI12 reg table will open at 9am today. thanks for everyone's patience as we badged you yesterday.
If you were an animal, what would you be?
Awesome playlist. Up the Iron!!!
In case you view a complete thing it looks that it's always gorgeous.
Sorry to hear that, man, though I hope you bust out those renewals. Check the NY Daily News, pp. 44-45, for my latest feature.
jose get to work and stop tweeting and posting,on instrgram haha
Week from hell. Funeral, car accident, and I got sick. Worst part? I had to go to Oklahoma.
I'm good. And you?
I stepped in some dog doo doo today, i looked down and i heard my feet laughing n said to me "ok who's in controll now?
As Anatol sings in #Barber's #VANESSA, "Life is so sweet." So grateful for all the music and musical people in my life!
Rochester City Ballet won Rochester Business Journal Best of Web Award. Congrats to team member Deb Tretter!
Can I just say again how embarrassed I was that I was not following you, sir? The book is a nice introduction and--
Im tight like fat chicks in parachute pants..
I don't have many goals. Now I'm stuck doing a project on them. I can't put actual goals. 1. Its school. 2. Personal.
i'm tired. - eugene. lauren hasn't tweeted yet. i'm gonna get that girl.
Jimmy Johnson is in first.
done! Good luck!
Wow, I recommend people to follow you yesterday, & then you say something like that. "Get a life" on a day of suicide? Awful.
selling my ultra ticket lmk if your interested
the headline on your article is wrong. You should change to say DT Cleveland growing faster than suburbs. Geez.
lol in about 2 more seasons it's gonna a skull cap not a headband
#MyWeddingSong lil wayne- how to love lmfao! jj would be so proud
You can bandage the damage, but you never really can fix a heart</3
Shoulder rehab is the worst. I had surgery years ago after an injury from a show, and during rehab I gave away the launch codes.
WCCO morning crew gets a fashion makeover all this week. Watch our Drab to Fab reports at 5:45am and 6:50am
Truly would like 2 know more. In person during your visit is ideal 2 make it better 4 U. Always open 2 feedback. Thx for verifying!
Any juicy Houswives stories in the book?!?! Congrats
Love my team kno yall grindin hard puttin plays in motion imma be home and its back to business fa me to!!!
incidentally, I wore tinyhat to work while you were in hawaii.
loved you on !
They're ours. Bought them in the bywater.
you should adopt a baby
You're damn right.
#CNN reporting that Texas Gov. Rick Perry will drop out of the race today. #Politico reports he will endorse Newt Gingrich.
I support that theory.
as you should! I'm wonderful!
I saw a space for delicious treats when I was there Thursday!
Shopping tomorrow!!!!!
I AM GOING TO OLIVE GARDEN <3 **this.is.our.love.storyy<3**
This technique was referred to as candling
MY PLEASURE...love that piece!!
I wonder if my dad will let me do Senior skip day next year...
Another good night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
here we go again
I think the Thunder can take them. Durant, Westbrook and Harden are a pretty tough trio too.
I got a lot of Easter eggs so fun
Series is over.
Shelby! Email me your address...I want to send you something for graduation.
If you like fresh hand crafted drinks, fresh baked items to eat, and made to order sandwiches - Safari Cup Coffee is the place to be. See ya
well yes but then again we are too for letting them win <U+E411>
Barbara, you were delightful. Our RWA San Diego chapter was lucky to have you share your insights, humor and common sense advice
’s will be on tomorrow morning to discuss use of religion to discriminate, #contraception coverage.
why are you having surgery?!?
Dude, I'm Ra's al Ghul.
Thanks for following ...am following back.
I love you <U+2661>
Good Morning.... Happy Thursday
Damn I want to Go cop these Kicks!!!
can I get a shoutout?
Happy Birthday tweet goes to . Have an amazing day!
Do you think #Digital #Learning should be approached in colleges as a course?
It don't matter who you is miss , you can get the business ! Ha.
Real good day today. Can't wait for school tomorrow tho :) yayaya.
Google+ #Muppets commercial. Best part of the
Wonderful day with the family
It doesn't matter how good you got it, "It" can be taken away at any given time.
Researching italian recipes in my #silverspoon cook book that gave me because eating is a serious matter!
Greiner taught 4-Hr CE to Ins Agents & Claims re: Restoration & Customer Service. Wrote one "...impressed by how successful restoration is."
It's a great feeling when the guy you like finally starts paying attention to you and your sister says it's nice seeing you happy again.
We as a people have become blinded by our government.....
In order to be a great Leader you first have to be a good follower...
Just walked 3 insane dogs in the rain. Yeah, I claim none of them...
Loving these! It was hard to choose, but I voted for C :)
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
is it true justin bieber and selena gomez broke up?
Bikini under the graduation robe
I gotcha:) did you watch my video?
i've never been so bored..
That senior year picture gets me every time. Wonderful face!
It was really nice meeting you-When are you coming to Milwaukee next?!
Okay, THIS time when I say I'm going to sleep, I really AM ... maybe
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life. It goes on. ~Robert Frost~
i wanna cry. BUT that would show weakness. plus that is a really stupid reason to cry.
LET'S GO THUNDER!
Had a blast calling out someone I know on today at work. I'm looking at you !
UK Centre Econ & Social Inclusion latest stats: 1.4M young adults not in work, ed, training; 20% of age group = highest rates in US cities
oh, sad:( I'm so sorry to hear about your little bird.
On the way to Atlanta wit gotta take care of some business LEETSSS GO! :)
. Oh hooray! You're going next year? I am excited to see how round 2 goes after last year's incredible conf.
that sounds good so remember me :) do you have Facebook???
well I made you a year younger haha
Feel like I'm watching my life go by, and everything I've ever worked or wanted be thrown away all in a blink of an eye...
Holy shit :O I don't think I punched out ? …… my ass is gonna get fired
placement test
ME + Child = Not Gonna Happen !
launching this on Thursday and thinking we really need to connect.
So much fun using #voyanttools! Am just stuck on getting the data into the skin for other viz's. Can you point to 411 for that?
Dallas again is just an average team at best
From the expert, ladies and gentlemen. #Nationals RT Bryce Harper is good at baseball.
My goodness will you take a hint.
yeah lol this new song is gonna be awesome
oh goodness, I heard a table near me giggle .... Truly embarrassing
Ouch! But It makes sense for the restaurants to cover all of their bases. Have you ever been penalized for being a no-show?
Teacher- Your paper should be 5-8 pages Long. Me- 5 Pages it is.
Cut taxes and wasteful spending
Enjoying 's #delange8 talk on "The Future of Learning". First, historical perspective of educational system development.
Foreign Aid: The transfer of money from poor people in rich countries to rich people in poor countries.
Thanks for tuning in. Enjoy! RT : It's 5am in London, watching my mate on TV in Seattle
I'm far from perfect.....that's why I don't throw rocks <3
had so much fun today at the piano master class with Prof. Eteri Andjaparidze at Steinway Hall, NYC!
Tad Taylor I believe. Also another one, Bryan Dixon.
Today is Rosh Hashanah so #REALchange wants to wish all of our Jewish followers a Happy New Year and Shana Tova!
to be honest, I'm not really sure :x ...I thought we had to wear uniforms... I'll ask a few others to find out!
i dm'd ya.
hey im doing good?? How are you doing?!
I don't. I try to be specific in my monthly/weekly release lists.
Love Kramerbooks & Afterwords for dessert! Is baby-friendly, but, FYI, w/ the bookshelves, not so stroller-friendly
happy easter
Thanks for sharing. We will definitely share it too!
Watching belmont stakes! My horses better win!!
She said I could doh. She cares but doesn't. We like best friends with feelings lol but I wouldnt care
Whitehead: writers need to run for public office
Hmm. I've never seen this type of thing before on this site, which I generally really like.
Catherine Tice, Colleen Lanack, and Fred Nachbar can sing!
When I buy used books off Amazon, I don't buy them from Missouri. That is the mold capital of America.
not attending NCAIS innovate this year.
"The happiness of most people we know is not ruined by great catastrophes or fatal errors, but by the repetition of slowly destructive...
your the one that i want,
sweet what do ya run?
Missed my 1,600th tweet thnx to hype.fm. So. Dedicating 1,601 to my first follower and social networking mentor #digitalLOVE <U+E328><U+E328><U+E312><U+E418>
hey girl u up???
I can't believe I just ate all that food so late... But damn it was good.
Gig #2 of the day: singing at Hope Lodge's Christmas tree lighting. Santa baby, trim my tree!!
If corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil come from?
yay!!!! lets chill then! I'm off Sunday and I think Monday too
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. -M. Mead
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step" - Lao Tzu
breaking: chris paul busts lip
Happy New Year & Thanks for the shout outs &
will have to try the burrata next time!
Good morning Monday - here I come!
is pleased to introduce you to baby Jacob, born today 8lbMy 7 oz
Hook a sister up?
Thanks for tickets to tonight's game! Your support continues to make a difference for everyone at HHC!
My little sis spent 6 weeks in the ICU last year. Her nurses were all amazing.
At home About to do chores. haha Had fun last night At my cousins house.
. I'd be down to play an SD Journo v. SD Pol hoops game. Be fun. (Kinda like the city v. county football game.)
Last night in Chimoio -- heading to Beira tomorrow for one more week in Moz.
Now you tell me that there is a "proper" way to ride a bike on a balmy 40 deg North Central Day!!! pic.twitter.com/EBR76woj”
I See My PlayBrutha Dont Care About Mhe Cause He Didnt Tag My Name In His Status *Tears
Wasn't prepared for the Easter egg hunt to find my meeting room this morning.
makes more sense that way...they make products so frequent!! there shud be a limit
your tweets right now > too relevant!
Buy 2 OPI colors, get an OPI Topcoat or Basecoat FREE! How can you pass up on that?
Or since the article was just "Santa Anna Goes to Washington," maybe I'll add a "Mr." :)
Sitting in my room for the 3rd day in a row.
IM DAMN SURE FALLOWIN THIS FINE ASS WOMAN!!!
On the way to one of my after-school hangouts
the feeling you get when you click on someone and their pretty and than you look at yourself and think I'm ugly as $#!+
It's at night.
everyday may not be good. but theres somethin good in every day.<3 (:
Reach for the stars ---my dude Woody
I was really disappointed too and couldn't sleep soundly after that. It was a real life pizza nightmare :-(.
Craving some snacks. About to go get some!!
Keep calm.
yes!! So sad to miss you! They were booked for pedicures today but it is my fave spot in TriBeCa!
hey. I'm from NYC. where are you from?
Hi, glad to Tweet with u! :)
YES! YES! I think tixs are sold out though..we need to be there ;-) XOXO
<3 <3 to the moon and back :)
Haah you have to finish that song ;D
RAINBOW ;D
...time for bed
i'm trying to win tickets to Springle Ball, q102's spring concert, & i'd get to win meet & greets for every performer there :)
Thanks to my mom and the rest of my family love u guys
Love the sign @ airport security that says snow globes not allowed. How many people tried to transport snow globes before the sign went up?
it really is crazy how only the good die young...
Holy shit your gonna call the cops!!! Let's tweet about it guys(; #ilovemyfamily(:
HI WILLIAM!
My 2,500th tweet was suppose to go to "Two-Faced" . .
perfect day for chilli!!
The support I'm getting from my hometown peeps is amazing!! I love y'all
Hey. Back off! I'll rip out your eyes and piss on your brain - classic! Trading Places, Eddy at his best! that and Beverly Hills Cop, yes!
Use today to prepare for the most amazing tomorrow!
So... #thesituation just attempted to do comedy in front of thousands of people... He should've stuck with his usual routine..
I guess I should give up for the night and just go to bed. I'll let the wind put me to sleep. See you guys tomorrow!
Aww thanks. And you are so pretty. :)
Finally saw a funny episode of SNL
And im tired as hell
lol dont know how to write back, was testing to see if i synced properly with facebook... guess not
whats good man
If you have a choice between me and her, choose her because if you really loved me there wouldn't be a choice.
" Just because she has that smile on her face & Is always happy doesn't mean she doesn't go through a lot " - jasara to amarilis about me <3
omg o omg o omg o o o o o omg o omg k
I want a hispanic woman...spanish is sexy to me
Um, but *I'm* your friend. Idiotic indeed.
Great event last night #smallbizconnect Thanks to all who came and contributed!
Thanks for signing on as a Charter Member of - making wellness the way of work in
Still trying to figure out why CIN/CHC total opened at 6.5
not much bud,how you been?
Delegate SM tasks to your teachers or practice members so everyone is invested.
happy fathers day to all the dads!... Me, almost!
RT : Regulators extended IFR deadline to July 31st - but it's important homeowners act quickly!
On my way to Charlottesville for a 2-day conference.
yes indeed! I promise it's the best deal that will ever exist too. Traffic to the site spiked bigtime!
#Graphic Artist Guild's handbook: By law #copyright is owned by the creator unless you transfer to client. Clients don't own your work
I like Model Me Kids but haven't made any myself yet. Hope your video modeling goes well!
#Truth RT : You're not a freak if you don't give head.
There is a "Me" in team though.
brung worth over and we'll play w/ him while James plays with clancer
Look for new series of tweets 2morrow:Leadership Lessons From Real Executives taken from execs @ FEI's Leadership 4 a Democratic Society
you should have said not living according to the schword
brushing up on Photoshop
well i did start last October lol
Happy Birthday World Changer and History Maker! Much love from Bermuda!
Hanging out w/ Rachael Teutul & Don't miss! Details & online: centralonline.tv
Thanks!! I owe you an email. Oops. Coming soon!!
In need of a GREAT PAINTER call SMP Etc Painting (585-690-1523) VERY REASONABLE and VERY PROFESSIONAL...insured...references available
And we miss you too ;)
haha wow that is annoyingly cute.
“ You know all those people did not like him lmao before he went to #idol <U+270B>”
Finally home.
Why didn't they warn me that I would have to make so many spreadsheets?
The past should be a springboard not a hammock. -Irving Ball
Preserving health by too severe a rule is a worrisome malady.
Happy Easter you guys !!! Time to go beat those little kids at the Easter egg hunt ! Woo hoo #gocandy !
Well that #BlackMamba bite from the game he had 43pts is just now kickn in! Die slowly Denver fans!!
uh almost lost it. He wants to go immediately. When does it open?!
Gamecocks win! Gamecocks win! Wow what a game! #Gamecock magic works in bottom of the 9th as we enter down 2. Hot bats give us a win by 2!
my daughter Mandi showed me your video. Good music! Keep it up.
Why are hip hop artists always "in the building".
My day has been a blur and my to-do list keeps growing.
#imagine Austin looking at you and feel this 1000 butterflies in his stommy ......<U+2665>
Wow Great turn out for #Whats The Benefit congrats to Paul Nikko and Molly
Eric Tobin of Hopeless Records said: Data can be overwhelming: i make most of my money trying to b clever.
“: a #LEO will either find a way, or make one”
but it sure helps lol
Chris is writer for various beauty and health related topics
I see you name in my phone and wonder what happened to us
NCAA got rid of "testing the waters" and made deadline of April 8. I don't understand how that works though
Prospective Student Open House is happening now!
Loyalty is key
I think we need a time machine, some newer fans can go and experience a season in Arrowhead or Cab. Perspective.
is presenting Mobil organizing.
I'm pretty sure I don't work on your birthday!! :)
Is Pretty Beast!
what do you really want to do before you die?
"Save a Horse, Ride a Tampon"
Got called off today!
Following up #stopkony. My daughter is leading our family's efforts!
Always happy to help!
Would love to! RT Are you a solar installer? Would you talk to me about your customer service strategy for an upcoming article?
100% on a psych test
Dont talk about it, be about it.
I postulate that gay men are like social insects; both groups are led by queens, and both communicate largely by butt-shaking dances.
thanks Lorena / jean grey
Part of Loudoun County's desirability according to Fuller -- access to golf courses and mountains.
at #Pats, Victor Cruz = 2007 Plaxico
Another beautiful morning...looking forward to another great day!
God damn right. TAKE IT, DANA.
dont curse that asian.....He thinks that things that sound alike r the same thing
the awkward moment when your solo is too similar to one that one of your judges did on sytycd... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I love when I have an empty mind.. But hate to disappoint y'all when I have nothing to tweet about..
Misplaced my BlackBerry for 15mins this morning. Panic came over me as if I lost one of my kids. I think it's time for a technology break.
I hate it when a really good song comes on the radio in the car, and someone turns it down to talk.
Pool is almost done!
#shanghai nails ombré!!!
I think I could listen to Alkaline Trio all day
Q4 you do the push test...depending on how you want it cooked is how mushy/firm it will be!
Awkward eye contact...
It it very important for librarians to understand the latest fashion trends.
“It won’t be like a hiatus – we’re just going to slowly write the next record and then when we’re ready we’ll record it.”
With the #Kentucky five leaving and CJ Leslie staying at #NCState, that likely wraps up the NBA early entrant list 10 days before deadline.
Yeah his wife is from MD and they live in Monkton. Agreed that he'd look much better in the NL.
YouTube me "I'm gone - The Engineer for God"
Sometimes it's the damsel in distress that saves the knight in shining armor.
...and now my foot is asleep
Gonzalo Rubalcaba at YoshisSF likely playing straight ahead jazz. That's cool...Latin Jazz players can play anything. Not so the reverse.
RT : Rise & Shine to our #LiNC heroes! Breakfast on 's Pacific Terrace at 8am. Forrester's keynote @ 9am.
I'm not a violent man...but I really wanted to put the sound man in a suplex tonite
Tonight is the night #bruins fans!! Game 7.. Does it get any better?! bring the cup back to Boston !
Out of school, it was torture as always, I'm hungry, gonna go home and watch "Victorious!" :D
yeah that was 100% decoy.
Books are the most mannerly of companions, accessible at all times, in all moods, frankly declaring the author's mind, without offense. -...
I love "Normally Id say she looks like something u'd store grandma's ashes in.. But I'm not going to say that."
T-Mo is an insectivore....
I NEED TO CHANGE MY WAYS
I have class at 9 :( Will u be on campus later?
THE OMEGA 2010 PEP RALLY TOUR IS AT SOUTHWEST HIGH SCHOOL THIS FRIDAY MORNING!! SO BE READY YALL!!
shiid, probably nothin_ all I knw is that Pam pose to come over. But idk wat though
What is the big money saying? - MarketWatch
lol oh no! We're just being dorky bezzie!
I never put my fate in someone else's hands. That's why all I do is #win no matter what.
This is an amazing young woman who has a beautiful, purposeful future ahead of her. Thanks to her mom who sacrifices. Love.
We adopted our daughter from Dnepropetrovsk, Ukraine 3 years ago. It's so cool Kyrylo Fesenko is from there. Love for them to meet.
man she fukkd my mood up so her ass beta go2khurkh n hope I eva feel like dat n her life
Happy Easter everyone! Hope the Easter bunny treated ya kindly! God bless :)
I really am looking forward to the new season of Those girls look crazy and it's fun to see them make fools of themselves.
If I got a Retweet from you it'll be the best thing in my life to happen to me
is trolling us.
Washing rope at the public laundromat.
congrats! So proud
I'm in a white car. Are you on the phone?
aw you scared
that is very good to hear.
AH! you are totally going to ROCK it. my fingers are crossed!
Also, congratulations on graduating! :)
Forget pedicure. I need a headicure.
Aww, you are so sweet my dear :)
Saturday morning yoga, kinda like a favorite flannel shirt; just something about it makes you feel good.
*punches snake* hahahaha
damn b i have an L rolled up waiting, im down like in 20 minutes
thanks , I'm pumped :) excited to hear will be there, too. will be sure to look for you there, lady!
Bowling today ? I think so :-)
A4) NOT join every tool!
Found that using my intuition in which of many art instructors to interview worked well! Intuition can totally trump logistics sometimes.
where ya gonna b tonight slizzzzzz?!?!
Our IP LawMeet is the 1st "moot court" experience for students contemplating a transactional practice focused on Intellectual Property (IP)
Get DOWN here bro we got VIDEO work to do!! BIG respect to and
Stephen Baldwin: "I'm being persecuted for believing in traditional marriage." Boo freaking hoo.
Yup. Until I get traded again...
The guy sitting behind me on the train smells like pear vodka and despair.
Need Social Media Measurment/Metrics expert. Work WITH technology on social media metrics. Strong leadership/solution skills. DM me?
The East End McDonald's is a JOKE!
Moving up TREE OF LIFE on my Netflix queue. I'm 85% sure I'll dislike it, but now I feel obligated. Thanks, Oscars.
Homeless guy on broad street you ate not poor you are smoking a stog and wearing a north face!
Playing water polo in the USOC pool tonight! So pumped!
if isnt the most EPIC human person in the transcontinental United States then shes defintiely 2nd on that list
Thank you! I will get on it when I get home (monday/tues.)
Blue sky & sunshine. Celebrated phenomenal graduates during #LCcommencement. Fun evening stroll w/ in NW Portland
War Toads, and Bull Dykes, and Ham Beasts....
read willows tl..... it will help ur mood
Thank you! Great trips, but delighted to be back.
Come Pack beat this team BRING IT.Take this game.
Nothing more satisfying than finding a big bank mistake in your favor.
lol I can't feel my fingers to tweet. My typing speed is dropping
Wow look at the time I am out... Got to watch the little one in the A.M.
That is one of the cooler things I have seen in a while. -Beth
alabama capital they r doin a live video feed and they end at 9 tho
I try not to be a jerk, although sometimes I still am. It’s OK. I’ve learned to live with it.
now #MSU knows how it feels, except this time the game mattered
Now who does this sound like? I mean Really!!! “I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing…
yeah. You were the child one.. #not .
I'd donate to buy chalk.
congrats! sent from the original iPad.
....getting my Sun Tzu on.
ill make them alive......
It's Monday! It's going to be 90! The bus was 10mins late & stinks already! I have 3hrs straight of mtgs! I think I deserve an iced coffee.
I'm so bored in class. Someone save me lol
counting on it! Thanks.
the SUN is out in #seattle. the hell....everybody stop going to class and GET OUTSIDE.
meat cassette
#Knicks set league record with 13th straight playoff loss, passing Grizzlies' mark of 12
need a RB. Who is a better pick this week: Javon Ringer or Reggie Bush? Or someone else?
hey man my name is mario and am a student at the los angeles recording school. is there anyway we could have a interview with you
Oh mY God thats what happens dirty fucks. Horseshit covering the puck and two hands to the face. Kidding me?!?!
Avengers: EMH is no doubt my favorite show on TV right now, no other show makes me so happy.
2 girls, 1 rose, 1 stays, 1 goes. My new favorite poem. Can't wait for the #Bachelor !
#shedidntcallbecause she doesn't want to be just the next girl.
got home, no birchbox :(
Sadly I dont see anyone from my generation leaving behind a fraction of the legacy Steve Jobs did.
thanks Paul
of course I am...always at work ma....how u doin??
LMFAOO just kidding oh wait no im not
God is GREAT!
Voldemort had a better nose then Meryl... #recount !!!!
#peopleIamthankfulfor You inspire me everyday to be a better person.Thanku 4 being such an amazing role model & friend :{)
getting ready to celebrate my B-Day this weekend!!
Don't block folks with sign-ins
Played a parent/kids scrimmage at practice yesterday. Ouch!
Orton's moves look like a Pop Warner lineman getting his first carry!
I knew I could count on you, sweetie. It's the others I worry about! xoxo
Does he HATE me ? :(
I'd say fuck it. Let's fight fire with fire.
Don't expect an invite to my premier with negativity....
You are a funny guy. It's just natural for you. Love the tweets.
NBP signs alliance with Ria Financial Services | The News Tribe
Another day another dollar! Work hard play hard! Big weekend ahead
Congrats on ! Awesome.
They need to go. LIKE NOW
Lose the attitude and I'll consider it. :p
Blood on my sneaks and your hearts in my mouth.....
I know it's such a creepy thought. Also made me think how early we need to teach kids about Internet privacy.
drunken calculus
WTF are the miami heat doing
Oh I like the Twitty! But not nearly as much as your weirdness!
Follow me please :) <3
The typical window replacement recoups upwards of 80% of the project cost compared to nearly 70% for a bathroom upgrade.
Velocity? No. NG? Yes. Tonight's gonna be a good night!
Too bad #seanharris didn't have parents to beat the stupid out of him.
I'm into season 18 lol
Tell me your secrets, yeah, the shit that you ain't ever told
Neva Hurd it! :O
"please let him play." - Avery Bradley
Please do share!!
Forget the obligatory Rebecca Black references - just come by on this final day of the work week. Put your heels up!
Contemplating giving blood for the first time right now...should I?
Didn't know you had a twitter. How are you?!
at an undisclosed location adjacent to a diaper factory.
How do I filter out all sports references on Twitter feed?
"Everyone is born an original & dies a copy.Be the one whos born an original & dies original."- Mike Donahue Inspirational Speaker
much needed 10 hours of sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+009A>
#Blackmomscatchphrase ya'll running me up the wall
Watching Martha Marcy May Marlene for the third time and feeling a little guilty at how hot I think Elizabeth Olsen is.
Im good sick of being n the house
People I didn't know have found me on LinkedIn to offer opportunities to bid on projects or apply for jobs. Infrequently tho.
Our own Dr. John Michael Lee, Jr., on the importance of learning to overcome the barriers to even *ask* for help.
Not usually but I want to start doing them on Mondays and Fridays if I can
Learning and application of what you learn, you can resolve any problem and accomplish any target that you could set for yourself.
Love your rear-windshield wiper? Do you notice a significant difference in visibility during rain?
RT : RT : Dear everyone, everywhere: GET AN IRC CHANNEL SOMEWHERE if you want to have a "chat" on Twitter. (#pubmedia?)
Excellent excellent excellent book!!
Ok but only because u said beer in plural form. Lol, I said plural.
Of course i do
Happiness lies with-in you. You only need to quiet the mind and it will reveal itself to you.
wonder if there's a spread opportunity maybe? Don't have any data here... Thinking "out loud"
Anyone want to buy me an early Friday drink???????
Panel on Millennial Gen grad students is, so far, a reassuring confirmation of my assumptions.
um no veronica i believe your wrong he's my new best friend ! :) lol I'm obsessed with them
Steen it will make for better TV for sure
Three things that never come back: the spent arrow; the spoken word; the lost opportunity. - W.G.P.
See, #Wisconsin gets it.
. then you would love New Orleans! It's their specialty xo
RIP Liz Taylor
#np i get lonely too
any ay NOT at work is a good one
I know... Its ok though, she'll come around eventually and admit it
I'm always impressed that Seniors in #college apply for #sales jobs before #graduation! Some students out there that ARE on the ball!
what's your point?? I could feel however the fuck I want! Sorry
Lmfaoo well then...
when I really care about someone I will go above an beyond to see them happy :)
Something is wrong with the one I have now, so Verizon is sending me a new one.
HEY GUYS FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT THANKS
yea .. im just getting sick of telling people i wil train them properly in bio and placement, rigging etc .. theres no patience
22 inst anything special....plus its finals week...whoopy
it's where a lot of "famous" people or people like from YouTube come to perform. It's in Nashville.
Quote: "He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have." Socrates
uh oh lol that's a sign
If they do it for the love, it won't fit up in the club.. And this is where the whole game got f'd up
cant stand him, hope hes gone b4 the deadline
#supportlocalmusic Live random songs till 5p on Gashouse Radio. Tune in and join the chat room
My German grandmother & my Chinese dad used to savor a dish of chicken feet at dim sum together. Truly heartwarming.
Making plans for the weekend? Come take a class on us! New Students get a free week!
Love it. Hope Rangers ate next!
Next year we'll have an air horn #dcswa people like chatting more than sessions
I get scared whenever it's windy because I think a tree will fall into my house LOL
Hey lady. How are you? Miss you in the 757. Stay in touch my friend...
OMG monica that is so not true blondes take all of those categories :) #TeamBlondes !!!
MT Brown: "Responsibility must be clearly delineated btwn the various levels of power..in our educational system"
Magic Johnson did it in a 4yr span
#VEVOnewfront "It's job of ad agency to push client/ brand into new territory."
Got a 1 in districts which is a relief! Now onto mayjo and then allstate auditions :/
austin where are you? Can't you just come online and tweet me to make my day.. Follow me as well. HAPPY EASTER
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was so confused on how to use it now for my friends who get it I have to show them how to work it.
It's good to be back home! Missed you all and can't wait to EAT! :))
And the negotiations continue...So glad I paid attention to negotiation class in law school.
He would have started Fall of '98
. pulling talk on income inequality is further evidence we cant trust biz types like to control convo around tech & soc
I just laughed out loud at this.
Whats up friends!!! If u r local come to the 17th ave block party 2day 530-8p and come to our booth and say hi :) xo
episode two?
If Jansen didn't somehow end up on my bench today, I'd have won.
Sea green, spring green and olive green were made available in 1949, and in 1958, the Crayola company introduced forest green.
Runyon's NYC 27th Annual Final Four Reception. Sunday April 1, 2012. Bourbon Orleans Hotel. 7 pm start.
Yo this #CottoVsMargarito 2 is good so far. I wish I was there too see that ish.
we'll miss you...and look forward to using your work to find great eats
Cherry brandy!
Bored eanna walk around o well
With each accomplishment there should be a realization that your work has just begun <3 #growthmomentum#
Dont be scared, Just Be prepared for the worst.
good tip! I currently have one with under-bed drawers. I find that Ikea furniture with drawers never lasts long.
congrats bud!
what yu want ??,
totally agree! Forget the t-shirts and hook me up with something I can train in.
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Local visibility one...
Applying for summer internship! Wish me luck :)
I know cause my hair was all fake lol
To her the name of father was another name for love.
I can understand the confusion -- they led complicated lives over there in Sweet Valley.
Please don't leave me
Sometimes people put walls up not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to break them down
...I just stick my chest out and my chin in the air
Glad To See You Media Handling... Start Tweeting More Too... Get Dis Bitchh Jumpin
but tell me some, y is yur fone off?
Chelsea's is open offering local, organic + sustainable food w butcher, fish counter, to go menu & wine store 300 W 22nd St
I have this on my iPod! :D
Caltrain to mountain view.
On our way to Bundaberg to see baby sea turtles hatch and make their way to sea...cant wait!!!
More free basketball in 2nd OT. #Lakers and #Thunder are putting on quite the show.
He better inbox me those answers!!!!!!!! :) you know who you are
Friday the 13 is jason not Freddy lol
Now I have to figure out where to put those computers.
#Scandal got renewed for season2!! Congrats My new Fav show! So excited!!!
That's crazy talk. Your cat doesn't weigh 400 lbs, does it? Sound logic.
Heard Janine Antoni give a great talk today. Making art about motherhood is very tricky as it can so easily fall into a cliché.
just went and listened…Mumford and sons is still about 137% better. But to be fair I thought the gap would be wider. #she'sgood
thanks for the support!
#10. "Excuse me sure, but do you have any Grey Poupon? No? How about any Pistachio Ice Cream? Excellent!" Wayne, soliciting for food again.
Make love, not war.
Just about done with 's book _The Two-Income Trap_. Still absorbing it, but short review: She's right.
Age old question: does downtown smell like manure, or is that someone on the bus?
To go HAM... or BUTTER?
lol good! Goin on vacation :) how are you??
Watching DC United play Sounders in US Open Championship game. Still tied in in 65th minute
today and tomorrow. Bless the Lord, oh my soul and let everything within bless the Lord
Printing out tab sheets so I can tab my guitar riffs. HELL YEAH
To whoever thru my clothes into dirty clothes basket after being dried so that they could just wrinkle and smell like dirty clothes
my pleasure. You soon ok?
It was good. I wish I could have attended the one by Attack Theater, which was at the same time. I heard that was excellent.
then we won't have a presentation/:
sup ms
That 38 isn't going to score itself
THAT'S NOT ACH!! -pout- Happy for ol' though :)
"WITH A SEAM (voice of Gus Johnson)... Daylight!!" RT : There is still time to win a copy of EA Sports NCAA '12...
There is no such thning as a natural touch. touch is something you create by hitting millions of golf balls. - Lee Trevino
Honestly, Hill signing, Wright pick, Hawthorne emergence all make Lofa expendable. Would love to get a pick rather than cut
Are you sharing knowledge, building will or reinforcing action with your audience?
After yesterday's huge game, soars to first in the AFC in rushing TDs (9) and third in conference in rushing yards (926)
everythings amazing now. (:
I love Oscar skits!
Virality Uber Alles: What the Fetishization of Social Media Is Costing Us All? Oh Adriana, chill-out already.
....and, it was a beautiful thing!
No new content or blogging for now - until we complete our major web site redesign. It will be excellent when it's done! Please hang in!
Do you RoR (roar)? If so, maybe you could teach me a thing or two?
Let's make some money Zack & Miri style.
The have won 6 out of 8 series this season. Shut out New York 5-0 tonight! Great game guys!
Why are the dumbest TV shows So addicting?
We are definitely interested!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> Email us with some info! We will be at Anthony's Runway 84 next Thursday!
I'm not a girl and yes yes I am
It feels great to be in my position :)
you can only follow 10% more than are following you when you are over 2000. btw - hi! :)
lol Justin briber is not gonna be there! So looks like ur not going..
a dream of mine..to perform with
My shiny teeth and me- Chip Skylark
You can keep your Vegas sideshows. The real magic in the world is salt. Poof... blandness disappears & suddenly I'm the chicken soup champ!
That sign might specifically be for the Annes among us :)
starving right now. who wants to send me a cupcake.
Me too luv! RT Had an awesome time w/my bestie 2 angels came to rescue &
ha, you responded! My retweet was more about engendering camaraderie w/fellow Washingtonians then it was a knock.
Mondo Lucha at Turner Hall tonight! Who's going?
austin and alex are like the perfect human beings <3
Headed to Greece with stops in Athens and Santorini, to name a few.
Sat. @ Johnny's? With Big XII tourney champ @ 5, what is the plan for the Real Game? Go Sporting!!
thanks for following:)
LETS GO GRIZZLIES
Wow, so social! That's great. Keep me posted!
Good Morning Beauties! Learn from yesterday, live for today,hope for tomorrow.The important thing is not to stop questioning.Enjoy your day!
where u at
Check out the High Line, walk around the West Village, visit Brooklyn and Queens. What are you interested in?
Was that one of my submissions? SQUEE!
: #CodyFact if he were to interview any celebrity, he would want it to be Muhammad Ali because he is a big inspiration of his.” i like ali:)
That's a day I might just make it down to PDX. Should we organize a dinner?
I'm really glad #BeingHuman isn't a problem of mine. Why can't #beingavampire trend? Is this discrimination?
So being pretty is easy right? Sarcasm ...What about the senior co workers who treat u like crap because of their insecurities?
Omg you were right
#SongsI'llNeverSkip Lights by Ellie Goulding and Ayy Ladies by Travis Porter
Spencerport School District, students and families dealing with tragedy this morning. So far, people are only talking online…
Work was interesting.... Time to tell my seximexi how this chica feels aha and tell my boyfriend how stupid seximexi is
GOOD. hahah i told coach karr he scared you off by making us work hard XD
where where!?
that's a great area to live and work! Congrats.
Feel better Jack!!
WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM PRE ORDER THE MOVIE! IT IS FUNNY. IM LOVING THE TRAILER
ha! --> RT Can't wait until we have this technology in our cell phones. Can you hear me now? (Bottom of mineshaft)
You too
/undecided on outfits
Kate, WHAT have I told you about getting pregnant while shopping online?!
my friends in Cincinnati had a couch surfer at least once, but they are gigantic hipsters. Nothing bad happened.
Just got off the phone with Almost started crying cause I miss her so much. Silsbee here I come.
Oh goodie, SNOW... Boo!
Are you sure?
Thanks. Hope you find them of use.
NAT'L INSTRUMENTS & BTCM are holding a **Technical Writing Forum** @ Northridge campus on 3/26. Email for more info:
I will never understand clubs that treat their guests like crap
im luvin ur avi mama! u kno u have to tell me where you got that bustier from lol
using keywords to find potential clients isn't spam. especially if you have a service that is better....
Pan roasted Cornish hen and asparagus risotto. Hello Sunday dinner.
Alphonse Marie Louis de Lamartine~ Sad is his lot who once at least in his life has not been a poet.
Yea, that sux. Even my senator Kay Hagan(D)voted in favor of it. Very disappointed. Makes me wonder if D's ever read the bill?
RT : MLB, basically: "We have a fair, balanced, neutral arbitrator on our 3-man panels who we'll fire if he sides with the Union."
no problem! xx
Can't stop thinking about the colony of dust bunnies I slaughtered last night. Chipotle must feel so weird about all those claymation pigs.
Jordan's Birthday is TOMORROW...which is in like 15 minutes
Optimists convert stumbling blocks into stepping stones. ~ W. Howard Wight, Jr.
Great afternoon meeting yesterday at Torres Restaurant with a very outspoken critic of my campaign and the Rep Party. We agreed to disagree!
No Ex's ,No Hoes ,No Groupies ,No Sidelines , Just You & Me
ISOLDE WAS FOUND!!! HORRAY!!!! THANKS FOR ALL THE HELP!
Now we need to work on RT Screw it... I'm a believer
Oh, my therapist knows who Big Time Rush is.
check out my dogg LIVE in the mix on !!
I work with behavior problem children @ my campus. I hv 2 change the staff's perception of our kids. Kids r taught tht we care
#sdmayornp Filner: arts and culture will decide how to spend the $, not holders. Take care of minds and souls of kids, seniors.
who remembers using pos as parent over shoulder
Thank you , awesome event! RT BIG thank you to everyone that came to #techli inagural TTO event tonight- great time, great...
lol poor dude :(
For bball development, is it better for a team to practice twice a week for an hour or once a week for three hours?
#sleepwithoneeyeopen #jk and the best part is I don't :( I can get one at the end of Oct at the earliest
wow free day at #milw co zoo avoid bluemound rd west bound milw loves free bad traff
That's That Anthony Jackson sir!!
Police doing a courtesy call to the house?
Making my way to cumbtogether!!!! I <3 my friends.
Motorcycle helmet on bike = awesome.
Stay in & drink.? Or go out & drink.? Either way we drinking.!! <U+E414>
Ill always come out on top!!!!
#FF makin' it happen!
My mentions are dead, this is why I'm never on twitter. Smhh
hello beautiful world and the beautiful people that r in it!!! :) :)
do you use your own brand or tanning lotion?
May the best team win. Go Niners!
BTW- the greeting cards are NOT only for the incarcerated to send. They are for ANYONE who needs to apologize.
Agreed! RT : RT : if you dont support the local arts there wont be any
I like it when I'm fishing on the lake, I like it when Im wishing I was fishing on the lake.
OK that too
Eep! Where has the time gone? Gotta jet!
Thanks!! "Pretium recommends following #FF: and "
Yeah. I've been avoiding smokers to avoid temptation. I'm still afraid I'll cave. But, you're right - giving crap goes nowhere.
Ya know... I would... But frankly... IM BROKE!!!!! *says in a Josh Nichols voice*
I need to get Johnny B on Twitter. He's all about LinkedIn.
hmm well Neal has summer school so i don't think so
Do you think you can do outfit of the day's on your youtube channel? =)
Professional soccer team staying at our hotel. #ohhi <U+26BD>
Sunday #Packers thought: if Collins is not healthy enough to return, could Landry be a option? Market has been fairly dry for him.
If you want the scope from 's talk on The (needed) Information Diet at #Net2DC, read up on 's live tweets
Me either! I know he's not the best QB, but he gets it done when the game is on the line and that's what you want!
Thx for the response! I will DM you my email address now! Gracias!
Who likes new music?
Yay! Gate D is a PITA! Have fun guys! CC:
It's little cold this morning, finally we have some fall weather! Happy Wednesday!
You have a gift, my friend.
see if you can convert the marine corp hymn to museum corp:)
never fails 2 deeply disappoint, frustrate & anger their customers. It is sad that #Jamaicans are better served by
I know right?! Loving every second of it!
that's funny, like christmas music year round too
hey , austin what's the difference between the stars and you ? oh yeah that your down here , and your still rising up . <U+2661>
you smell like nilda house! So you smell like shit! lol
Excess folic acid now linked to increased cancer risk...>400mcg many get too much through vitamins + fortified food products
Feel bad for my boy. He is so upset lose and he didn't get to see up close. Dallas was not nice to an 11yr old
can you make my WWE theme song when i grow up.
Yes, it's real! loves it. RT Holy crap, is that real? You're amazing.
2 days until the enterprise mobility seminar at Technology Executives Club Chicago, come out & meet the Xorbix team
Final witness, FBI agent Toulouse, confirms a statement Lally made on his final day of testimony: "Game, set, match."
Rocky just jumped off the couch and hit his face on the center table ...the table is fine
“...I am writing these poems from inside a lion...” Shel Silverstein
The google chrome translation app sure makes my twitter reading experience more easy.
What channel is the fight on
no he hecho mi tarea omg
Not going to know how to act next week. I don't have meetings for 5 hours a day each day. Actually have work days instead of moments!
lil mama ?! since when you spoke like this lmbo
International cheese Nibs day.
i love you soo much. tonight was the best night of my life, thanks to you!
Urban legend
What pairs w/hamentashen? My first thought, Prosecco. But what about Port?
Cat Party
that's where I am...not working...but I'll force it...
I'm late to the game on but I gotta say, glad I signed up. It's one email I look forward to, thanks
lol your funny!
Happy Friday. I'm MaryAnn Long, Marketing Operations Strategist. Tweeting from Milwaukee, WI
Two more weeks and it will be time for Diablo 3.
#DSLR dude says, "a great macro lens is the Swiss Army Knife of lenses. Want to take a close up pict of poisonous spider?"
Breaking News! I just won "Best Anus" at my gastroenterologist's office!
well don't get too excited it will take a couplemonths to get up the courage again ;-)
you aint the only one
#Concrete5 #template #designer? Submit your theme to Superhug. Get 75% commission! That's industry-leading.
Music has charms to soothe the savage beast, to soften rocks or bend a knotted oak.
RT Resistance training at noon, which is something I try to resist all week.
The Sookie Stackhouse books are so fun! I'm jealous of your morning
I need to rent a hard case to transport a bike around Thanksgiving. Milwaukee area. Any ideas?
I'm the luckiest guy around! This weekend will be amazing. Now if she would only memorize how to spell her hebrew name....
Sure No Prob, Thanks!
Let's go Put UNLV away!
New light meter is awesome but only a borrow for now. Switching some lights to LED. Maybe Santa will bring me one for real?
link?? I need to see where we should move to! ;)
I hate when the fitted sheet comes off the mattress!!
haha yeah. I was excited when I saw he was about to take a picture. And I asked for an autograph a while ago
loll aha let's try it for a week!
#Madison, I think I just might miss you. At least after dinner at the Old Fashioned.
Check out the new pics of Osso Clothing in The Parlor on Facebook and go to the blog for the full story!
Good morning, Tweeps! Who's working today?! Follow !
I. Hate. You.
can't wait for that one! Is a PHP/mysql course in the works?
still.no.pottermore.letter. UGH. WHEN IS IT COMING.
Glad to support! Please keep us in the loop on any exciting news. We'll share it with our community.
Welcome back to the show of cliffhangers!
But ALT+E,S gives you way more nerd cred ;) Plus you can also use the arrow keys to make a selection
A slew of Rogues had a great time awards nominee reception on Mon. Looking forward to Mar 19th ceremony
Ugh, not a fan of OKC ... and definitely not a fan of the Lakers. Wish both teams could lose.
Pretty much deeply invested in The Voice at this point.
Dude...all sorts of tom foolery.
thanks for the RT!
that score is a joke
And how exactly would the label "JWH-210" have saved my son's life?
Find out where u livin.. kill u in the kitchen.. feds try to clip us but we ain't even tripping
good one!
T.V. Raman personally uses, and highly recommends Chrome VOX extension, designed for Chrome OS but works on Windows and Mac
The Upside About Being Surrounded By Stupidity Is That “You” Have The Advantage…
Oh my god. I WON THE JAMES FARMER SCHOLARSHIP.
Thank you!! :D
EVERYONE PLS GIVE -> A SHOUTOUT &FOLLOW HIM.
#happyfathersday to all the "dads" out there. Missing mine today, but know the fam is spoiling him back home in
ok I know I made fun of you for riot, but I feel like that's a little bit of an excessive reaction just for that....
Come visit the info table Street Festival this Saturday! Stax to the Max!
Its amazing how much of a difference not having my cup of coffee in the morning can make..dead tired, Nap time!
edwards a vampire. lol.
depends, we come across this a lot in sports coaching/training some respond well but not more than 50%
Worship was so good this morning! So thankful I get to praise Jesus with
oh u said badge....nevermind
the "dudeman tour", summer 2017, be there
Hope today goes by fast
gets up, walks, falls down; all the while still dancing.
context allows you to drive the best #experience says
RT : John Calipari was very clear on the SEC teleconference today that he "won't be coaching in his 70s."
really! :o :3
#thingsyoullneverhearmesay: "I really wish I would have held my boyfriend's hand walking between classes"
We now have a Facebook page :) Stay tuned for the new and improved MRB Consultancy website.
...& like women are lacking a child even if they never even wanted one. I prefer to use the term "child-free".
We are following you now. Feel free to send us a DM with your concerns.
it's a monkey. but I'm talking about the dead bug oh wait the monkey just ate it
Nice vids tonight ! Looked and sounded so awesome. Love it.
let's go Saturday!!!
I love
Baltimore Ravens because after beating the Steelers twice, the AFC North and a 1st round bye is theirs for the taking.
I know BOO! I bought some stuff this time through Adorama, 85mm 1.8 and a new ThinkTank bag
Clearly there are many ways not to have a spring break :-P ;-) ...
Am I the only one who is disturbed by the hunger games?
"thad...I'm not gonna slap you in the ass"
Thank you! I'll let you know how it goes.
Megan Draper is 20? That's a little extreme.
right--but it is in the lobby of a hotel <1 mile from The ZOU. Why not gold color?
Just bumped into Matthew Broderick on West 4th Street with a sort of 1930s Italian choreographer's mustache and excellent posture
This is easy as love goes, so dont complicate it by hesitating and this is wondeful as loving goes. so tell me what the sense in waiting?
Spring Break means more vegan food being served up than ever! Wow you guys, keep on rocking, this is the greatest Spring Break on record ...
Tonight: Try any BBQ Platter pork, chix, brisket all under 10 bucks and your first Tallboy is on us to wash it down! JC MMMMMMMGoooood
Mahalo! You too!
Horseback for sure!
Spur of the moment kinda things <3
Don't elect someone who's platform is based on lies. has no truth in what he speaks. Support him and you're supporting a liar.
happy born day assassin!
Remember that alternate universe where Abed rolled a 6 and the Bucks kept Dirk instead of trading him for Robert Traylor?
Enjoy your trip home and say hi to everyone for me! I'll miss you!
On this day I remember I feared losing my best friend to the columbine shootings. I thank God ur still here :-) I love you
follow me ploease please please follow me please i love you
do you want to go out
Sip sippin on orphan tears.
ta bajo control el billy
excited to be watching! :o)
This is why I don't ask questions.
Does Kirk Franklin win a Grammy every year for "Best Gospel Record?"
All you garden enthusiasts some outdoor and indoor plants for sale at the Long Beach Flea Mkt, Bargains happening right now. See you!
(Leo T) The simplest and shortest ethical precept is to be served by others as little as possible, and to serve others as much as possible.
Seriously? Seriously.
luna ready to tip the scales of balance in the heavenly court of libra.. im craving a milky-way...
i almost started to hate but then i remembered... "Dare to be different" right?
Wish I could remember who told me THE DESCENDANTS was bad! Clooney at his best. Good flick!
I've got seven kids, the three words you hear most around my house are: "Hello, goodbye, and I'm pregnant. - Dean Martin
Great job last night cuz. wish you were here.
Thanks for the nice review!
yes. Was after #badgerhockey game
The new #MPD Chargers look Bad Ass!!!
No problem :) You tweet a nice mix of educational materials and interesting #hearing facts. Rush Limbaugh w/a CI - who knew?!
this juss happened -trying to open door* extremely loud thunder* okay, I will take that as a sign and stay inside.
Our Book Club Rocks! RT : Had so much fun with and last night!
TSOI-NY will rawk this Wed March 21 Who's in? #WhoWantsToRock?
Imma find out the truth one of these days
we now have cds available with our 3 songs! contact us if you'd like one! they're only $4
If I
Trent Reznor on social media recommendations: "I don't care what my friends are listening to. Because I'm cooler than they are."
Required reading now that you're in Monterey Co. I *really* lilked his short story collection "The Long Valley".
Drake- "lovin the crew"
RT : #453 Be a witness, not a judge. Focus on yourself, not on others. Listen to your heart, not the crowd.
RT : RT : out wearing my Fenty shirt.... tell everyone WRITE IN FENTY
what time?
Dan Knechtges on ownership of choreography and collaborating with James Lapine on Spelling Bee.
#Big10Expo goer took away advice of remembering to separate yourself from others from the Career in Sports panel.
Missing my girly already and she just got on the school bus lol
always cool to watch the dolphins in the river
my heart's breakin, and my heads a shakin <'3 screw the 23 i dont wanna say goodbye yet again:/
ok seriously, photo shoot 10am tomm!
I miss too
watching on right now!!
lower space access costs- Step 3- Build the launch vehicles in nations that have lower labour costs, but ensure quality control
Thanks for the follow Amy R. Vreeman (RagamuffinA)! :)
Thanks, and for inviting me to speak at #Southcoastwp last night.
Hey Val, yeah I'm on Facebook! hit me up, if ur on Facebook
if I'm going to france or the French side of Canada I'm prioritizing
feel like i ask you this over and over lol. but what turny is goin on and when is late reg til? gl!
Another earthquake strikes Japan! Praying for our Japanese brothers and sisters.
and they let me be Wayne from Wayne's World the year before that...I was a weird kid.
Drink specials and DJ Beach tonight!
Three words. Almond Joy Cupcake. You're welcome.....
Did it #rapture yet? I think I might have missed it when I wasn't giving a fuck.
yeah! I'm at the school every Monday and Wednesday. I can drop it off in Mr. Hughes office.
Can't wait to see your beautiful face!<3
hire me!! I'll accept a Porsche Boxster as a signing bonus. Pre-owned is fine by me.
OO LA LA Sassoon!
"we send back them" calderon...
There's so many pregnant girls at my hs. But when i see them all i can do is smile ; cuz mistake or not there's still a miracle in there (:
Rockit is now doing Karaoke Fridays! Starting tonight! Woooowhoooo! We love it!
When you are not sure about the hair advice you recieve on u-tube or internet, ask the person are they a licensed stylist.
If we actually took all the advice we were given and applied every bit of knowledge available we'd have more teenage millionaires.
user name is annemossity
become, how does it feel to look in the mirror, he went on to condemn me for not parenting my child. I have bi-polar. He eased a little.
I just invent, then wait until man comes around to needing what I've invented. R. Buckminster Fuller
Please let this class end already..
Haha im the king of G's so you do need my acceptance GET HIP
RT Jon D'Alessandro Better & more accurate than any traffic report I could ever listen to! I use everyday on my 2hr commute.Thank You
Lebron don't live that life!!
Trust and believe that #Godisable to do anything you ask Him to.
Yeah, i'm following you! ;) :)
Slight delay getting the message out, but should be on it's way now. See you tomorrow for a day full of awesome!
That sounds like a fantastic idea...lol.
I've always wanted to go there! Haha(:
I just want u to smile. Bcus I'm the one there for you... But u just don't c me ..
thanks jd you too!
#2ThingsIAppreciate music and summer
I must be in Heaven,cause I'm looking at an angel,who's staring back at me,her eyes so heavenly. <3
why do you talk to me
NICE! RT : Did my part supporting small businesses today
I need to go to sleep rehab.
Now we can go after Dwight Howard in the offseason.
Kyle anderson is an alien
Big Bill was away (with Fred Lundin's ghost at Fox Lake) over the holiday, but I did want to salute the memory of Maggie Daley, a class act.
Sigh. Setting alarm now to be sure I leave by 6:30.
I am too!
I'm princess of the universe!!
Meanwhile the #mavs #thunder game is neck & neck, pretty good.
Quite welcome, let us know if we ever can be of assistance! Cheers, E. Gossard
RT ranger dave will start unlocking the puzzle tomorrow with dates and some clues.
Hope we make it to this airplane on time. Smh
A Salute to all our Military Personnel .
You already win—I'm not enough of a football fan to follow it until the games start. Just tell me will still have Peyton.
Also, special collections libraries/archives trad. charge for reprographic requests; now might let users take own photos for free
Out of all of the people Mac Miller for House Party remix?..... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
radio Hot like wow Werk me.
happy Easter Roxanne.
RT : Want to hang out? I'm doing a Google+ Hangout on the +Fallen Books page. Friday, May 18 @ 4pm (Aus. EST).
ALEBA AND I JUST WENT IN THE SAME STALL IN THE MENS ROOM THAT WAS SO NOT OKAY
We believe we are ahead of the music industry. We offer a free market approach to success!
When dudes who took my sloppy seconds try to add me on facebook
THAT'S GOOD!...
"Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadership.Always keep your word." - Jim Rohn
we would be interested in the blog. Unable to DM because you are not following. But we would love to hear more about it!!
Thanks for the ride, Mr. Jackson.#bestatlanticstationfreeshuttlebusdriverever. He has a plaque.
The awkward moment when Niall is starring at you the whole time you eat
i am so frustrated with you right now..
Daughter of a birder, I laughed my a$$ off at #TheBigYear movie. What's your favorite bird? Mine is
thanks-- we'd love to hear your feedback!
LMAO - you may have just started the new maker trend!
let me know a few weekends that you are available to go for the shore house
Wal Mart is taking over grocery stores.
i did not win the battle with git merge, but have temporary solution. will revisit next week when not in danger of throwing the computer.
Oh yeah no mumbling
Contractor: the challenge is - how do we scale?? - lots of money helps, but the internet provides us will all the data we need+
Thanks for the follow ! Looking forward to following your tweets.
Thanks for running the #HoleInthedesert news! We will keep you up to date
Definitely! You're the only person in Raleigh that I know, everyone else lives in Fayetteville! Haha
I get it. I wish the same. There are many with whom I care about, and they just don't understand the meaning of "caring."
Scarfing down some delicious chocolate cake that mom made! Yum!
welcome to Twitter! Best #ReMax office in the DC metro area!
keep us posted ;)
I can't wait for early morning church service on Twitter with
Wearing my hoodie in solidarity...even if I can't be in NYC at the moment.
At actors certified training playing a cop in one scene and a sexy mama in the other
Aww I'm jealous haha, I only know a hand full good.
Every time shows a woman's dunk in the Top 10 a puppy dies
Pobrecita. We're in the home-stretch dear! Hang in there. You are a
I'm feeling much better, my friend, so you'll be seeing me soon!!!!! Thanks for the shout out!!!!!!
You know you're taken too long of a break from homework when your tea is now ice cold...
Just saw a Range Rover n a Lambo just getting Taco Bell
Kern River's Class V Stout is everything it should be. So good my tired little body just passed out from it's deliciousness.
Haha... RT : #UCFashChat basing #dcfashion on women in ill-fitting suits is like basing all of LA on Paris Hilton
I know a secret way to get those delivered to the house!
Someplace where he might actually play?
,yes i did..r u real
Come and put ya name on it, ya name on it...and it's not even my birthday!
there is no greastest rapper of all time!
working late, fun times
": Having a smoking section in a restaurant is like having a peeing section in a pool."
I like! :) Nice choice of videos lol
Lol that dude dead wrong for that.
Seriously, though. What am I supposed to read now?!
omg that is right! i like a guy named ryan..
Sugar, refined flour and trans fats promote the development of
I have a boss that reminds me of your "It's about racism" guy, and I think he's about to fire me because he can't communicate.
Come in today and try our special - pepper shrimp!!
where in PA were you?
At SD Solar Energy Symposium - Michael Picker: we have become an exporter of large-scale renewables and our utilities are buying power in CA
10 minutes Pens fans until is live on !!! Come sign on and ask him anything!
I am glad they are doing stuff for ya. :)
New to Twitter!! =] Follow Me, I'll Follow Back Muahh <3'
Mickey Mouse popped out of my mind onto a drawing pad 20 years ago on a train ride from Manhattan to Hollywood...- Walt Disney
maybe I can just take it to hialeah and back on that amount of gas you have again :D
it is good to wait quietly for the salvation of the LORD. Lamentations 3:26
What's best for waking you up: 1) coffee, 2) some quality gym time, or 3) the concierge's automatic wake-up call service? (P.S. don't say 3)
Great day lmao
I've already listened to 12 times!!!
When I get sour patch kids I only eat the red ones.
young black pants sag head phones blasten
cassettes, vinyl, flashdrives of MP3s, and a couple of vintage band shirts, nothing else.
Watching The King's Speech on blu ray while enjoying my day off.
Hey Lady, how're you doing? Life is flying but I'm having fun. Lots of stuff going on.
proud of and her book!
Women's Faculty Council Graduate Student Luncheon-Tuesday, May 16th 11:30 am-1:30 pm. Contact to RSVP.
can I have his number?
why what's up?
Shark among fishes.
"don't follow people who suck"
very. very. SOON.
Just leaned on my phone and Siri's "dop dop" made me JUMP.
Oh... :*( I should have known you would know! :-) lol
Hahaha Jesus. I saw that too.
Can anyone think of a better thing in the world than Friday?
Just found myself crying #hormones but my sister just encouraged me times 10.
Privacy ... what's that?
You are kind. I try to keep old photos secret so the changes are less obvious! lol.
your an idiot lol
Looking forward to the afternoon sessions! #JamesStaten from Forrester after lunch.
Let's grab a coffee sometime when you're not so busy! Would love to meet-up.
RT : That which failed him, also defined him: A Liver. RIP Steve Jobs
Awesome! Do I need to RSVP? What is being featured?
It's #never too late to become what you want to be.
I agree it is quite a challenge, but seems necessary, #healthcare must evolve
Vegas, 1961. Poolside at the Sands. 2 am. A stool sits empty at the end of the bar. "Have a seat, kid," says Frank Sinatra.
Finally experienced first-hand the glory that is Blacksauce biscuits. Everything said is true.
The packing is officially done. Now I can get excited.
yahhhhh!!!!! AWESOMEE!!!!!! cant wait to hang out with ya
Im in Tennessee and it turns out I fucking love killing deer and drinking their butt blood smoothies
Great work GerWeiss - we look forward to watching your growth!
She's great!!!! :) Totally love her work! :D
some just need to give that life up
I claimed that like 10 years ago. :)
oh guess what came in today's delivery? It's something BIG for
Your not a hipster, dad
IM NOT FOLLOWING U HOOKER. U ARE A NON MUTHA FUKN FACTOR BITCH HEHEHE
Haha. Awesome. Are you going to be at C?
Had a good day with my mommy:)))
Living Rock Creatures can suck my AYYYSSSHOLE!
Off to Columbus, Ohio through Chicago this morning.
For those of u who think I'm fake I'm not and thanks a whole fucking alot. I haven't been on because I had to move AGAIN. now I live in (c)
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness - Proverb
Gotta take the Bella Fitness Brand global!!
I agree; plenty of blame to go around. My heart goes out to Joe Paterno's family ... And also to the victims of JoPa's silence.
"Carry On Abroad" is my favourite carry on film. I also like "Carry On Screaming". Those two are the best.
Congratulations and can't wait to see you in Newark on the 12th
Both Of Us Remix ;D
My friend Clint is filming in Nepal. This is me being jealous.
Just to clarify...I was kidding on my last tweet lol I wish I was!
Finally getting to 's pre-1972 report. Based on exec sum, seems like a step in the right direction. Reading whole report now
RT i feels yuh. Yuh finish dhat project : oh I'm bored.
HAHA my point was just proven again, is terrible at these challenges, whatever he picks the opposite is the real result
damn you! I'll be back.
you'll find out whenever you have lil babies of your own... Lol
yeah we did sorry we didn't have two more people for Harry and Louis :( but we love them to
Stomp the yard is on tbs :j just started. Channel 39 ATL. So where r these dudes at tho? lol
Im sleepy now.....z
Happy Valentine's Day! Because we love our fans, use the code TEALOVER and get 15% off your online order through February 21, 2012!
Anyone have and good stories? Like im bored and wanna read a good one
and will be commenting on this in 5, 4, 3... RT: I'm told it is #nationalcleavageday . My rack rejoices.
I'm so sorry, Libby...
That E4 was worst thing EVER even if it was for 1 second! WOW LOL
Request a consultation with ur hairstylist! Stylist should give you a full guide on the up keep for keratin u tips :)
Do you think Blessid Union of Souls super-fans all greet each other with "Have a Blessid day!" because I bet they totally do
RT Story of my life literally :/ RT : Caring way to much for people who don't give a shit <
<3 cant wait until #BOYFRIEND video!
Need to go shopping
Bynum sure behaves like someone who could have used a year or two in college to grow up a little....
Classes may be canceled, but we'll be open! Come in and stay warm. (But PLEASE be careful getting here!)
Why Monica?!? Your short hair looks so good!
lol I'm just being honest *andre 3000 voice*
Kieran Culkin, Macaulay's younger brother, turns 29 today. He played cousin Fuller in Home Alone. He wets the bed.
committing myself to 's yoga for people too busy to do yoga again because yea ...a little bit is better than nothing at all!
ok god,cause I like talking to my twitter beat friend(; haha.
and I'm going to see you in San Diego next Tuesday :) so excited!!!
Accountability is so overrated. Let's just Talk about how nice Coors Field is instead.
Yes thanks! But haven't read or edited b/c wifi is not consistent for me & typing on iPad is slow.
In what poll is Santorum leading among women????
No one knows you like I do, they don't see you like I do.
Woud love to talk to anyone doing gaming research. Great group at the CHIMe workshop so far!
Carolyn Shamis you will be remembered as a true beauty and success story.
Trivia prep for Monday night: which state was the first to allow women to vote?
Switzerland, the land that time begot
How can you watch and tweet at the same time?!
You won't be disappointed! RT : I think I might just have to go to with the kids on VDay for the foie gras waffles!
have fun with that quiz this week :)
on TV?! #Awesome Congrats!
$ROVI is a Japanese candlestick "belt-hold" buy today. It took out the sellers. Stronger volume and increased MFI.
we will definitely let you know. thanks for your interest
Fuck you twitter for making me think that i'm getting a text from someone important
already did
Was a blast ! RT : fantastic!! Love that you did in 4 inch heels. Bet you showed them!
Testing new app again
well thanks for checking us out! You should listen to our ep "century tree" and tell us what you think. :)
Red Sox 4, Royals 3, End 7 -- Daniel Bard survives a troublesome seventh.
I think it's amazing what you guys are doing! :) even if I can't buy a shirt ill support you guys no matter what :)
Get a free cupcake at Sprinkles Cupcakes by saying "People Like Us" -> noon to 2pm: May 13, May 18, June 17, June 26
thanks so much man! #FF right back at you! “: #FF ”
Don't understand ppl who threaten to unfollow major celebrities like and
Thank you for reminder of Voltaire's "Perfect is the enemy of the good,"
if my parents looked at my messages, i'd be fucked #AndI'llLeaveItAtThat
Last minute birthday bottle service in SF tonight. If your around let me know and come on out to celebrate!!!
Yes…well…if you are a teacher, I don't think he cares much for your profession.
well, your back. smh
Thursday I think....
Antiphon is an anarchist hippy! On reading the papyrus fragments of "Truth": he does not think the state is just... we should follow nature.
Some people don't have to work very hard at being assholes-for them it requires very little effort.
When your #6 and your best friend is #9 on your softball team <3
/ You earn what we call "organic" BUZ points just by using Twitter. Gameplay gives you bonus BUZ and a chance to win prizes.
Ever say, "What a small world!" 4.74 is avg. num. of ppl linking any 2 strangers, according to scientists from Facebook & Univ. of Milan.
Coming soon, hilarious trailer for the new reality show, Al's Car Lot! We promise this is funny stuff!
#class #action administration is all about making sure class members get notice and settlement
In every facet of the business environment there is strength in numbers...I will succeed financially with each purchase YOU make.
BTW counties don't impose their will on other counties; people select based on majority vote, counties have no vote
Hope you feel better Nick! (:
Ok man let me know if more people want some and ill get a bunch of them for you!
Anyone? MT : My friends mom has stage 4 brain cancer & no insurance. looking for items to auction off. raise $$. Please help
Ready for some Bball and then some Football.....lazy cold day in front of TV...go CATs and Broncos
Honestly, I don't know. , there's a request for info on the "fashionable" breasts article.
Because it is the only time you think about or are offered ginger ale.
wait really what?..
"don't get me siicckk" ! What a puss
I'm pretty sure MTV is supposed to be about music...not preggo teens...
it wasn't the alcohol that got me this fucked up xD
My interview is in about 15 minutes.
I heard a Mozlem even wrote book. Professor and everything. "Homsexuality and Islam"
Woman killed in rollover crash on I-805 in Sorrento Valley - KFMB News 8
Check our website, portlandtimbers.com RT : where can I watch a replay of last night's show? My dvr only got the last 5 minutes
I love how I felt when I was with you.. I want to feel that way again.. feel that way forever...
Raji, Williams, pass rush also guilty.
Happy chocolate diversity day everyone!
Happy Birthday Bob Marley!
u want your own gym now? Wow belle
lost in ghetto east la about 1/2 hr min then barely drove home :(
I used to have a life, not anymore.
Must be a twitter glich! I just hit follow again and it said I was already following you!
Tuesday Tips Time! Get a Box of Tips, Large Fry & 2 liter Soda for $13.99. That is a whole lot of great BBQ for a great price!
a bad thing ;)
I Killed The Prom Queen's music sometimes catches me by surprise if the Crafter version of one of their songs comes on. Different lyrics.
atleast you were front row!! I bet it was redonculous! She is amazzzinngggg (: glad you had fun!!
Sweet, got my Tao Lin letter in the mail from
That moment when someone tells you that you and him look good together<3
happy someone is minding your twitter store :-) saying it happened to me = I got a similar text msg, that's all.
Let's go #Caps! Shut 'em down!
Headed down to the 'Folk today!
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 24
cause I can't be boring. It's impossible. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
I'm glad I saved my Money... The Rockies look awful!!!!
Disadvantage 2 of having a #deskjob : this morning commute is challenging to my spiritual walk!
Hysterical!! #LatteClub - RT : The vent hole in my Solo cup was too small and my face nearly caved in when I took a sip of coffee.
google my name pacmang74 and checkout my songs.
Rod Barajas with his first meaningful hit as a #Pirates player in game 29! Walk off homer and the Buccos win! Amazing/awesome game!
yup yup this girl keep askin me who you are lol i think she gay lmao
hey! I got one of those too! Hahah
follow my new account please !
Congrats also to Misty Gamble, who teaches in foundation program and who has been promoted to special assistant professor.
It sounds like hail is hitting my windows at work.
excited to have you!
#SBS got mad love for
No such thing as perfect but you come pretty close
Just 3 classes today then off to Indy to perform with the MidCoast Swing Orchestra at the Jazz Kitchen!
Ur a real good singer :D
My stuff came in from #merchNOW thanks!! So stoked
Dessert time <3
for the whole weekend or just saturday???!
I'm so cold.
is she showing off her banging alt bod? will there be a carles post about this soon?
I'M GONNA TELL YOU ALL MY WHOLE LIFE STORY SOON...ITS GOING TO ALL BE THRU DANCE....
It seems a number of folks haven't read out-loud in class since the 5th grade. This is a rough little exercise, eh ?
U R Welcome:D
I can tell you a story of a broken heart,but i can't tell you how it will be mended back together
Cut to basic weeks ago and still getting billed for U200. CSR says bill stands--IT DOES NOT! Then got cut off mysteriously.
path of least resistance,
Thanks girl!
NCAA Men's Championship b-ball game tonight! Who ya got? #Kentucky or #Kansas?
' Ready for this week to be over!!
How many ears does Daniel Boone have? He has a left ear, a right ear, and a Front-ier!!
what's good everyone!
yes I sure am! He's one of the most talented dudes I know! And the sweetest!! (:
I'd imagined his twin to be called MAN-HER Cain RT #cainwreck Next excuse will be the unveiling of the Caine Evil Twin.
Great suggestions. Tough courses. We'll pass those along to our deals team - I know they've talked to all of those.
Yeah, but reading the news each day, it's a new team he's going to. #sharks this morning but by afternoon who knows?
When life confronts you with nothing but headwinds, keep on sailing….zig zag if you have to. Be Encouraged! Have a bless week! Pas
Perfect, thanks! I knew you would be the perfect resource to turn to. ;)
MAC love :)
Spotted Michael Ginsberg (Ben Feldman) outside my building. I was tempted to ask his opinion on last night's "Mad Men."
Tiger Girls Unleashed -- News at 9
>>> Artists that allow Fans into their lives to really see who They are <U+2665>'em for that
yeahh there's like people that went to see him, it's in their statuses on fb lol
lol, been on the grind! Heard u r getting it in at AP :) You down for a brewers game bf you leave.
I have got to know alot of the people who are at capital most days...dedicated...pizza Mike is great with all his signs...
Ha yeah really... good stuff in that piece though
If You want ill text You by that Now (:
Yo. Now on Twitter!!!
Made it to the front page of Google for the search term "Grown Man Business"!!!
Somewhere, a kid named Heath Shuler is saying yes. MT: If we have a boy, would it be wrong to name him Robert Griffin Rossmeier?
follow back please
Anyways, Good Morning :) We hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving Day. Chat with us if you have questions.
Hope you had a good weekend!
Scary movies on netflix, and bumming it out. I could use company.
Yep. Zero. They got an earful from me.
Decided to go to morning practice
I agree, but the problem is *I* am not checking it.
"Man in Black: Do you always begin conversations this way?"
Welcome. Come in. Stay a while.
yeah, lame! im not :( idk bout the other girls
I LOVED you on #thevoice just wanted to let u know <3
Thanks! RT : We're sipping a satisfying cup of 's Chanakara Blue Ginger!A totally beautiful brew! You guys rock! ^_^
Make your haters your motivaters
I just got the same email from I'm guessing it is an email screw up.
Are we really keeping Rory Gilmore around for this long?
I don't... understand.
Follow me? :D <3
Love the Simpsons reference RT : .... and oh yea Self vs Calipari - there's that whole Supernintendo Chalmers thing going on
May depend on outlook of Cravens, Hargreaves, Redfield, Willis, Goodman
That'd make me Leon Phelps! RT : Just saw an ad for NESN program called Dirty Water TV. That's an SNL sketch, right?
In the studio putting finishing touches on the new album...
Fuck, I need to skate.
What's your favorite #OneDirection song? Time for a new cover!
Tony Orlando...though that don't quite seem right...maybe Gabe Kaplin???
I can't wait to see prom pics <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Nice! RT At a Finnish home decor design show, name of one line of cookware has six letters in it, 4 of which are "u"!
Just hate it when you are in a MTT and are in the money and you have been showing great hands with raises and some donkey calls you and wins
If you went to the Orlando Warped you can go vacation on our beaches....or nude beaches...either one will do.
It's difficult to be angry lately because life is going so splendidly. Thank you, universe.
Who's going to win Boston or Atlanta who are you going for?
“: My brain doesn't know if its wants to be a Hip Hop Artist or a Hip Hop Journalist....*shrug*” < Rock Both!
I'm DJ Dave C, from Denver Colorado,. Have U ever been asked to make a personal pair of shoes with your logo, and there name.
#faSho:": Yall stay tuned.this yr im bout2 make major moves ligts,camera,action lets go!!"
Well, gosh, you guys are TOO nice! RT : there only 1 Matt Scoble ! Fact
started that TT (:
Hi, Sarah! Thanks for connecting with us!
How is this Dude DAMOTHEGREAT!!!!!!!!
At this very moment, I'm listening to " I'm Tasty " by Pink Dollaz. If you don't know who they are, you ain't livin' yet. <3
Mold spores can spread into the home and eat away at everything from ceiling panels to furniture make it quite the undesirable intruder.
Have you tried Philz coffee down here on Paseo de San Antonio in San Jose, we recommend the 'Slow Good' blend, it's well, so good!
haha alright, bieber dance moves hour is over. for now....
I would be careful when you say that a women is a cold hearted bitch because it was a man who made her that way !
Why do you think i'm having lunch with you, obviously is it to help you correct this atrocity :~)
Ok, I will rewrite mine when I get done with my homework.
Kids are great. 12 year old girls snacked on pistachios, now using the shells as boats. Plastic fish they found is terrorizing the boats.
Prayer is for connection to the father; fasting is for keeping that connetion.
Thats what we like to hear! RT : Off to yoga with - the best part of Monday
nopee I'm not ! I'm thinking of how gorgeouse you are and how much ide love a follow x:) x
Good Night everybody! :)
Well Taurus is cool too
Son of a WHORE!
Kick back at Tony's place ..... #pass x(
Vegas baby!
It takes a lot for me to apologize, so when I do, please appreciate it.
Hey! I’m on TV! Watch WGN America and you may see me in some spots for "30 Rock."
i love when i realize my friend hacks my twitter and tweets about taking a shit.
I enjoyed your performance
Show me what I'm looking for
Happy mothers day. (:
Just landed in Chicago, speaking at Resurrection College Prep Tonight!
Yay going to the beach and pool next week with
Let's drink to memories we shared, before to long you'll be a memory. </3 Mayday Parade.
Last day of classes as an undergrad! I'm headed to #Seattle !!
twitter lost my tweet!
Busy busy busy!!!/:
I love you , I love you not , I love you ..... When douse the cycle end ?
Laws control the lesser man. Right conduct controls the greater one. ~Chinese Proverb
How happy are the players with that?
can i update my rivals profile ?
Air mattress city up in 's house.
Who says I can't cook? You obviously haven't tasted my cereal.
“: SET TIMES sheets will be available to the first 1,000 people at the booth tomorrow at !”
Tabloid was CRAZY. Seriously, I can't believe this woman is real.
Gravity . Photoshop for women laying down to enlarge breast size.
Who wants to be in a photoshoot today/tomorrow? :)
I'm fucking huge now son! Get super ran lol
lol no, idk who it was
peace im in San Francisco right now recording been traveling for like 3 years follow me back ...
Listen to some talented actors in the NY Capital.
Great speech by Des Clark to business group in Gurnee, Illinois re importance of mentoring and his 88Wayz Youth Foundation
RT "These models are wearing the latest fashions like they're going out of style."
Today was good bout to get alot better ;)
how is it dude? Hold it down me and will be there on the 1st. Time to get our young professional on.
.: Watchdogs are concerned use of model bills is a new form of lobbying that's completely legal, but unregulated.
Your tweets made my day. It's the absolute best that you know how many NCEs you have (&where they are) in a second.
And the nigga that set him up got a price on his head
I totally walked by you like twice today and was way to nervous that it wasn't you :/ wish I would have said hi
where are you? In heaven? Lol
#ToyInventors need an idea? #IHaveAnIdea ! Will you market an inexpensive toy that works all the time, in most any weather? Kids easy! 22712
[+] Public unions aren't perfect but mostly they're made up of hard working & caring Americans.
I keep thinking I won't like this game more, and then it just gets deeper. I'm addicted.
At hale interchange... I'm actively praying now... We've hydroplanes twice
#3WordsOfAdvice FREE YOUR MIND
Thanks to for such a great college *night at the museum* The Villa is so beautiful!
True self control: passing up a starbucks ham and cheese sandwich
See you at the Pittsburgh Bridal Show tomorrow at the Pittsburgh Convention Center. We will have Limo and Limo Buses on hand for tours.
my roommate and I tried to do one in college. Talk about stupid ideas. Good luck!
I'm super excited about tonight! Haven't had this Game 7 feeling since 03. I'm just ready!! Go Devils!!!!
For some reason i feel like summer is over.... :(
MetroStage's production of "The Musical of Musicals (The Musical!) Tickets for Tonight's 8:00 performance on sale now. www.metrostage.org
na keep him, when Bron gets his ring he'll shut up & say ... "ok he's the best"
Pandora doesn't go back in the box
Sitting in the lobby of 'W' magazine right now...this is very surreal! And über cool!!
lmao i was thinking that too..i was odee happy when he told me he had good news i already knew it but just to be sure i asked
Yeah right, like I really could've said something, you wouldn't heard it if a train was coming.
The gospel is not just the diving board, it’s the pool. We grow not by going beyond the gospel, but deeper into the gospel. ~ J.D. Greear
HP &#39;Slate 8&#39; Windows tablet details surface
I would be interested in going...but I can't go until Friday evening
I don't know why but so many things are running through my mind right now..
you better! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
the monitors have estranged on them "when I find out all the reasons..."
Why watch the fight? I have twitter. I'll know every good moment.
Ltb's, bday party, place is packed, dance floor needs more pops locks n drops!!!! Bring ur boogie shoes n join the fun!!!!! Let's go!!!!
Who says either of them are bad? haha- just kidding!
lmao. I said I be busy not ballin! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> more money more bills!! FML!!
Lord, if I can t be skinny, please let all my friends be fat.
The #MLS digital team had a great night These guys really know how to do it right. Thank you for a great night. We will be back.
Bwhaha--but you can't help who you love, right? :P
Can i have a good night jacky? (:
thank you ma'am!
are you having outages in Ames?
You getting closer. Or, Your getting closer....or You're. :)
Where is a good place to track free agent signings?
Today in 1865 Robert E. Lee surrendered his 28,000 troops to Ulysess S. Grant effectively ending the Civil War.
me too..just got in to the first tape and now this...
Bet that was a worth while trip! RT : detroit to see van halen back in 07
"I am a cyborg" - one of my favorite moments of
Yall Listen to this man !!! ~~~~~>RT : Thx for the follow honey every1 that is my LOYAL FOLLOWERS Plz follow <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
HI AUSTIN IM JEYLIN BONILLA AND PLZ GO CHECK OUT MY COUSIN AND CHECK OUT HIS RAPS, HE IS A SICK RAPPER !
So if Gingrich thinks someone else is arrogant, how arrogant are they?
Best NYE yet. Got a NYE kiss and didn't blackout
"Because she is his greatest danger she demands from a man his greatest, and if he has it in him she will receive it." Jung on the Anima
I'm really not sure how I feel about being called "ladybug" by a Sonic carhop.
Once a team says "Ok we'll move there if you build a stadium" we start building the stadium
What would it take to make every city school a place where kids and teachers want to be?
aw! That's so damn sad tell them to fuck off
1st yr-brutal. RT : Did you move here from somewhere else? Was Minn really that nice? Outsider series on Mon #dailycircuit at 9.
Best wishes to you and your husband while he recovers!
": Aw, Petrino is sad that LSU wouldnt stop scoring" Adolph Hitler on Petrino: "Man, that guy is a dick!"
Brunch with mama after soccer :) #<3
Avoid criminal investigation? MT Mr. Mayor... What have you accomplished that makes you better?
You know what's cooler than a space shuttle strapped to a plane? A space shuttle launching into space.
For the past few nights I've had intense contractions. Tonight nuthin but movin & kickin around. I think I prefer contractions.
because of the #Pirates recent woes the #Brewers game got the C team from Fox
That Subways was on point earlier.
I'm ready for saturday! Are you?!! Party!!!!!<3(;
You sure as hell don't mess with a great novel. So, please, Hollywood stop messing w/ what is already great. It's not doing you any good.
Never again
It feels good not to have to go to school anymore<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
haha um, no smart ass :p You just never call me "medina"
ZesMo Mobile Marketing - www.zesmo.com
my friends has hundred of sexy korean girly guys on her binder ( ( KPOP ) )
I couldn't agree with you more!
“: A #Taurus has a reliable and dependable personality, they are the people who get things done!” damn straight!
May the Fourth be with you all. Happy Star Wars Day!
Decided I wasn't blonde enough so I went back and had Maria fix it. I'm definitely super blonde now :)
#petpeeve Why do so many spell Pittsburgh wrong (without the H)? It's a major city. Saw it wrong again today
You cant expect people to love you the way you love others :/
Ugh, talk is so cheap for most!!!
Beer goggles...allowing ugly people to have sex since 1852...
A/B testing is so exciting! I'm so nervous!
i think reed might have a slight chance he played the entire game against the browns on DEF and special teams played his ass off
it's almost time to get up -it's noon
I've been writing in the hero's pov all day. Ready to grow hair on my chest.
We'll just get him some of that Lester Hayes stickum. He'll be fine! 0_O
Thanks for the follow.
Kreider is going to net the game winner
Mf's be tweaking.. Doin TOO much..
Using #SparkNotes cuz i dont feel like reading a whole f**king chapter..
Kobe just put it away
Sierra Club opposes transportation referendum - Atlanta Journal Constitution
Shooby-doo-wop,and scobby snacks,met a fly girl and i can't relax,the only problem is she's a movie star.
Ty RT : Thanks for the mention
Love my friends<3
Trayvon Martin on my mind!!!
#RealTalk... is one of the few Artists I've known that has consistently kept me going. Straight up
anxiously awaiting news from #Egypt. will today finally be the day Mubarak gets a clue and steps down? hoping so!
are you really gay? I am too:)
My connections been consistently unreliable in the evening for a month. A number of my friends have been having the same problem.
Are you a good person? Tell us about it
Mitt could try: "Love is a many gendered thing"
what happened?!
Last night was by far the worst night of my life thus far. Hoping tonight gives me better results..
On my way back to Waukesha
When will you follow me?:(<3
Very sad that was not at the wax museum! Now it all the way till October till i can see my future wife ha
Aw that's cute. What ya get her? Don't remember much except Quinn, idk. Thanks again. :) PT test & derby Sat, nada Sun. You?
True love is the most powerful magic of all
I Did It!
Slightly disturbed by how much I liked the fluff and refried beans sample at the What the Fluff festival. Also the fluff and BBQ sauce.
i think you played this song this weekend enough for the rest of the year
Fucking hipsters ruining the hatred for ugly Christmas sweaters.
Happy Father's Day to all the wonderful Dad's out there <3!!
I'm thinking of starting a charity to cure "font-whiplash."
ha. I wish I were the chief!
Of course, Jimmy! Have you been a guest on any other podcasts?! There's always a seat open for the hometown marmot.
I think we all need to step it up & the followers in school make some posters to put up around?
If you're checked after walk
oh? Nice! Let me know.
stop that! then have a nice holiday!
oh watch out! Lol
Rumour Has It <U+2665>
just landed... I guess I will find somewhere to get some new threads
About to kill off a character in my new book. Man this is hard. Let us bow our heads and pray.
Oh dear! There needs to be a non-shirt, no-shoes,no- game watching law.
im getting better lls
Then someday maybe... MEAD! :D
I feel like I shouldn't say anything because that would make me gullible..
I'm like a modern day carpet bagger. I've been living out of my bag all week.
Never regret anything. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.
Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?
Thanks for the RT!
You're not helping me here!
Love the handshake tradition. Bring on the Devils.
now tht just means the president is jealous too cuz hes not as beastly as #Mr. Wiggles. This keeps getting better and better!!
Friday is just not the same
oh wow.. Cool! Thanks bro!
haha nice! sounds like something , , or would say
Mortons Chicago. The Original.
You liked The Wire, yeah? Have you watched Simon's "Generation Kill" or "The Corner"?
Don't feed me scraps that's not cool-I want to go to doggie school!
thank you
Biz tip: Consider how you can convert your current offerings into multiple income streams. via
the inconsistences are returning.
Thanks! It keeps getting better with the more people I meet :-)
When you wake up you have two choices, It’s either you sleep again and continue to dream or Stand up and make your dreams real.
thank ya thank ya!
The poses are just shapes within which you can have the experience of yoga.
a nice
Mexican food is on fire!!!
Workout b4 work!
alright buddy
THE PHILADELPHIA 76ERS ARE BACK AS AN OFFICIAL NBA BASKETBALL TEAM AND AS A PHILADELPHIA SPORTS TEAM
I. Am. Awesome. That is all.
Fred Meyer employee has ear severed in apparent hatchet attack. Anyone up in Longview witness this or know anyone that did? Wanna talk...
"Tape you taping me"..... and Brent actually talks, I'm relieved. Was wondering about that poor boy. Hey Brent ya sound cool!
Taking the train home for the first time!
Happy to be home again, and not taking credit for the hitchhiking sunshine brought back from Phoenix. It wasn't me, no no... ;-D
“The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.”
i'm so freakin jealous of her....why can't i look that beautiful ?
All I need is marry marry marry I ain't fuckin with no other drug
All smiles.)
Come on Jake
Passed a car yesterday and in what I thought was the driver's seat there was, staring at me through the window, a 4 year old child
Best of luck with your shoot. You're amazing, can't wait to see it! :)
Dude. Am I the only one who confuses Garam Masala with Marsala wine? Close call.
im gonna vote for yall for the rest of the day #PopOff vote vote vote<3
Happy Jim Burr is reffing this Georgetown/Cincy game. Now, UofL doesn't have to deal with him tonight.
thanku we definitely appreciate it! Congrats with ur company. Doing great things boss. Continued success
It's nice to be in a building with insulation with all this wind!
Yea but at least you can take a zombie out. WTF are you gonna do with a Trex on your ass?
It's raining cats (and cat people!)..now just need it to rain a few men! Thanks to EVERYONE for getting IHC to 20k+ FB fans!!!
My goodness, such vitriol.
Kentucky is not only the best team in college basketball...they are playing the best right now too.
Fantastic, sir. Enjoy yo'self.
Been to kneehigh park or somethin? :D
"Someone came up to me at the gym and asked what event I was training so hard for." Life mother fucker
Awesome game last nite. Really entertaining, unlike alot of games *cough*Big East*cough* 1 of 2 best games this yr (UK-UNC, UK-IU last nite)
when will you come back to Philippines? ? ? ? ?
Having been there myself, that was definitely a mistake.
Starting Fransisco Liriano in your fantasy line up is like playing Russian roulette with every chamber loaded.
austin dancing, oh my gosh
Thanks. I'm looking forward to it
All I got to say is DALLAS MAVS BABY
Thx! Yes, the data will be available for others to analyze..eventually. Not sure of dates yet.
I fuck her good, and she always ride it for me
happehhh; how i now spell happy, captured the word!
Hey can i ask you something?
Vegas RT If you could be one place, right now; where would it be?
Great game bro!!! S/O from the Bay
The are proud to be the first live event to earn the coveted winner’s seal from Parent Tested, Parent Approved (). Congrats!
Are you in #DC? If so, you probably love #HappyHour! May 31 we'll be , so put it on your calendar now! We want to see you there!
Spent last week in Pittsburgh. Checked out for din-din. Pretty good, and very accomodating to our large group of 10.
Sometimes when I think about what to make for dinner I think about simply cooking the pound of bacon in my fridge and digging in.
It's hard to take anyone seriously when they quote Lil Wayne lyrics in retort to what you said.
stern - good to see u tweeting _
hey I could use some hints for baby Ayden :)
When seeing or hearing can make your day...
just made my 26.2 donation....way to go, Ali!
“: The Giants scare me again.” - Big Blue!
Oh I just can't wait to be king
I can't stop listening to
Let's go boys! You can do it!!
Best one yet.
Fox schools stage spring musicals, comedies
Thanks for the RT about our next promotion and Much appreciated.
i remember the et one.
Dr.pepper >
#1111 Just because of the number you'll get the 10 ;D no jk. I like ur name :)
Do you have to have an iphone to have Viddy on your phone? I have a blackberry :/
Volunteers R needed 2 collect petition signatures, hold signs, & get postcards signed @ the MayDay March. Can u help us out?
I totally would!
we will stop by! :-)
Hip hop went pop and crossed over and never came back. I used to love her
Heading to the studio to broadcast today's Carlson on the Law show. It starts at 11.
Good morning, yea today is a beautiful day :-D
Ah. The actual release has been available for a week or two. I guess they held off sending the email for a bit.
No way sanctions this harsh if Patriots, Giants, Jets, or Packers were involved with bounties.
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I can relate. Some ppl think I love / hate daisy's. I like your choice; wish more ppl would b creative.
Food For thought RT : Gamification is not just games. Ur Loyalty program is ur game - ur asking customers to play.
you are dumb
All day everyday speeding to Eden!!! Happy bday Neal Patel!!!
Of Course You Realize “I’ am” Controlling World Events From This Laptop...
great pizza shop!
Check out my "New" - Acappella Version of "Be Here Now"!
I got hit on by a lesbian... She wanted the booty, but she ain't gettin' it though!!!!!!!
You Scored as Drowning look out for baths... they can be quite deadly...
Journal writing is a voyage to the interior
Probably. But thats why I love them...their so dedicated<3
Graphing at Wrigley today was brutal.
but yeah don't expect a positive response every time cc/
Watching Mystery Science Theater 3000 via watch instantly. Laughing so hard I can barely breathe.
enjoy your vacation!! No worries!
#YouTooDamnOldToBe wearing Aeropostale, A&F, and American Eagle..
next week :D
What are you guys doing today? anything fun/exciting? :)
Congrats on winning the derby!
I know. I just listened to the audio of his "apology," and was thoroughly disgusted.
for now i am. Thanks tho
Somebody needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures...
Denial ain't just a river in egypt.
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS. English: We Speak It, History: They're dead get over it, Math: 1+1=2 Beyonce taught us that. Spanish: We Have Dora :)
thanks. As with everything, its a work in progess
I don't believe in taking people seriously that can't give me label, especially if they have an excuse for not giving a label.
RT “: Why do I need WSVN? Or even DirecTV for that matter. I'd be willing to pay the NFL $15 or $20 a month to stream to my TV.”
Just arrived to to talk about severe weather stories I'm working on with Look for them next week and a preview in minutes.
What was that? RT : Memphis Grizzlies will close out the series today.
It was great to meet you at the Wauwatosa Women's Club event!
Well I try not to but if I get offered I probably won't say no haha.
going? RT : If you want a lower level seat to see Lin vs Rubio tonight in Minnesota, you're paying at least $100.
Not there today but thanks for the invite!!
Great to have you part of the #ClearedJobFair #COBOL #C++ #security clearance
Nope! You made it just in time. Good Morning!
I just felt a massive tremor in my home in DC. Unbelievable.
The way that we are is the reason I stay.
Kudo's to Petra Mitchell on her great speech at the Heinz History Center for the Catalyst Connection Banquet! Hello to all my new friends!
I don't agree 100% with conservatives but I do believe we should strive for abstinence among teens.
I'm going to start studying Laurence Olivier, Marlon Brando and Anthony Hopkins.
Hell Yeah
Me and rockin the road trip to south by southwest in the dodger!!
Welcome to chromozonexx website magazines official twitter page
so sad i didnt actually do that ~Devin.Anne<3
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations
Exclusive: A look inside an animal hoarder's filthy San Diego home.
wat!?!?! Wait I forgot I recorded it wat performis was it after???? Lol
no...too much red tape to get out of the country...especially to where I'm going....
Mitch Hedberg Movie Los Enchiladas @ The Paramount Thtr on Aug. 12 7pm. Go to our Calendar and find out more. www.andersonparamount.org.
Food Fact of the Day: May 14, 1853 Gail Borden applied for a patent for condensed milk. If only her cousin Lizzy had done it first....
if you are not following me back on here i am about to stop following you.
GET IT! such an inspiration!
good call on rondo's triple double
Ms. Pacman tourney at Classic Slice Bay View, soon. Details forthcoming! Classic Slice North Ave not only has Donkey Kong, but now has 720.
#LastTimeIChecked wearing flip flops in the winter isn't smart...
Good to see #Broncos back
I am always scared to go on the tumblr app on my phone because you never know what you will see and who gonna walk by at that time.
Greetings & thanks for connecting with us. Looking forward to sharing! ~Linda :o)
thinking about writing Gov. Paterson about the water. I can't believe I'm up thinking about water and not writing. But there it is.
Saw it, will definitely follow!
So, when you're on your computer at night, in the dark, in the summer, little bugs flock to the lighted screen.
Where DO college kids put all their dorm stuff in summer? So happy our Sarah is back, so cluttered is our house!
just because everyone sleeps with you doesn't mean you're hot or sexy..it means your EASY.
hey are you going to Fanime?
Wine and greens don't go together.
RT : Former Supt Jerry Weast of Montgomery County, Md, describes "the new ABCs" of education reform: Accuse, Blame, Criticize.
thanks for coming to see me! good neighbor.
I have an audition at "The Groundlings" in Los Angeles tomorrow. I am crossing my fingers that I get in. I love comedy and improv.
Bout to finish this studio with my nigga
Get out of my
Ill do fine on my own!:/
samee :( but I'm laying in bed and I dont wanna go all the way downstairs ahahha (:
will you please follow me please please please :) PLEASEE NOTICE ME :/
Today is deff my lazy day :-)
I love the Nyan Cat remix!!! :D
Love I'd send you me
It's amazing how being sick keeps you up later than you'd expect to, because I was out from 7:30PM to 4AM
Hey Brent how are you doing bro?
Those at #MCN2011 please say Hi to our Creative Director ! Great resource for how museums can use tech and design innovation!
Bombed that test
Jenny House of : expect to see less formula funds and more competitive funds in the future
At least I know I can ask for The Godfather now at
Want to work at Pinkberry #Mandeville? We are at job fair today interviewing shiftlead candidates!
Ohh my, im turning into my dad.
I'm only #human, of flesh and blood I'm made. Human, born to make mistakes. Love that song!
Excited about the possibilities for Augmented Reality use.
If feels good when he call my name
#workflow I gotta make that money baby!!!!!
Happy Birthday s/o to my brother Love u boo boo!
Proverbs 6:25 KJV Lust not after her beauty in thine heart; neither let her take thee with her eyelids.
Happy Kansas Day
Signing with new commercial representation today, and away we go!
"Good friends are like Stars… You don’t always see them, but you know they are always there."
i will dm u my email too
From my experience "How to write an RFP for social media" has been the most useful presentation of
First women subtract from their age, then they divide it, and then they extract its square root.
Whatever seafood place I'm at has all these stacked waiters with amazing bodies. God has definitely blessed this restaurant.
Dance like the photo's not being tagged, love like you can't be unfriended, tweet like nobody's following.
Buttons, switches and tilted to the left: A Pimp's Cadillac or a Dribble shot?
Thinking about starting a blog about running and/or webby library stuff. Wondering if I would stick with it, though...
The Supt job doesn't appeal to me, but I certainly respect those who do it well. Districts need great leaders, espec now.
Happy Pride Day! Go GAY people !
Count my green.. Get in between.. Those titties
The Feeling I Get From Youu (;
Ppl want to restructure America but to what? A capitalist, socialist, libertarian country...what exactly is that?.
"Behold, if anyone says to you, "Lo, He is in the desert, believe it NOT!"
#Follow Team Stunna Kentucky #bang!!! In my voice
it takes me a couple days
Better Pick-up: Kevin Smith, Vareen, Forsett or Joe "Brian" McKnight?
That's the way narrative conferences should go! They tend to get even nicer as the years go on (so prepare yourself)!
haha i can tell! i'm not really a huge fan of his, so we'll see what happens with the rest of the season.
When you write it you should make a show of taking it out of your backpack and putting it on your desk for inspiration. LOL
always got jokes..ha!...Kelly C always speaks da truth..lol
Hi April! Long time no see. I hope you're doing well and hope to run into you again some time soon.
well this part. I am more South Beach then horse country
Emails will be the death of me. People need to stop sending so many!!!
i keep trying to send you follow me but it saves to drafts ^_^
Happy Valentines Day to my beautiful bride. Thank you for so much love and happiness.
Good afternoon world...r u ready 4 the weekend?
Be. Just be and watch the judgment slip away.
Hapoe everyone is having a
Seriously; only 5th time in NCAA history.
Not fedora in a dark alley kind of sketchy I hope. // Need help with anything?
"The technical difficulties [with the Agganis video board] really brought out the best in [ #BU Hockey]"
South Texas & Texas Hill Country hit us for custom t-shirt screen printing & embroidery. Price is great & customer service over the top!
you're very welcome!! And I sure did lol
The marginalized many & the fortunate few need each other to experience greatest significance in life.
The point of watching a movie is watching it so I wish my teacher would quit barking watch every 5 seconds
I was just jelly bc you were wearing it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> I WON'T WRITE ON IT.
Definitely! My niece use to draw me w/hair sticking straight up when she was younger. LOL I would prefer a mullet any day! ;D
i miss you with your braces<3
Whats up Packer Fans??? World Champs up in here
fair enough, but it's the principal of the matter. The Times's and other publications splattering of their news content w/ ads.
Wasteland.../still/ one of my favorite games. Ever.
Thank you.
I hate how they've scheduled these #nbaplayoffs games at 10:30 eastern time.
Thank you for the mention!
I love watching live tweets of your brother's farts on Twitter at 2 AM. Thank you! :)
Girls, if a man EVER puts his hands on you, do what Rhianna did, leave, forever...
ACL data sharing policies: "we would publish the website link if this paper was accepted."
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> would give Eighty tens for #DWTS Packer Nation is SO proud of you!!!
Bordeaux 2011 - Super Tuesday: Over 40 releases overwhelm negociants, merchants Over 40 chateaux have released their prices today â<U+0080>" i
Cheering you on in your support of some wonderful causes...good luck!
Thanksgiving is over. Time to get back in shape.
Oh ok cool. Yall film tomorrow and Thurs? What yall doing tonight?
Sony doing what they do best, ripping off the success of other companies....
Maybe she changed her name and moved here.
she had it added to the twitter terms & conditions
Charlatanism of some degree is indispensable to effective leadership
Must get report done. Door shut. Uncoiling the razor wire.
I got 5
I can't wait to see Aliens VS. Monsters with my kids. Good call sir.
watching the Grammy's looking forward to seeing great performances and great tributes.
Feds selling off priciest works of art to save cash
Being single does not mean no one wants you...it just means that God is busy writing your love story
I love the hills!! I'm watching the 2nd episode now!!! Heidi be crashing the party!!!
Hey guys and gals! Follow for updates about the collection, sales and random happenings at Kelly Lane. Help spread the word!
He really is though.
can't figure out what's on NPR right now but it's awesome.
I am hiking Mt. Marcy this weekend. Excited, also a tad nervous. Anyone have any experience with it?
Watching #starwars with my kids for the first time.
There should be some sort of mandatory waiting period re: covering pop songs, like 3-5 years at least. Just heard M.I.A. "folk" style
More coffee, more coffee, more coffee oh, good morning...more coffee, more coffee, more coffee, more coffee, more coffee, more coffee, mo
Day #6. Time to kick the tires and light the fires.
will pass that request along
Wow, been a whole two games. I will build you a cake.
Just sent off my video audition to Washington! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> Now, back at this website madness.
apparently no news on #GTAV until release of max payne 3... in may.
I'll be in the gym in 7 hours with Jon to help him cut weight for his Pro Boxing debut
Theyre singing Love You Like A Love Song on Glee.
Got a new follower!!! Im so happpyyy
Jesus christ Lebron. What the fuck are you doin?
Met w/best-selling author Julie Fast! She'll be presenting at the WAN BMW Sat Apr 25, and a panelist on the WAN Publishing RT Sun. Apr 26!!!
It certainly makes bus transit about 100x more usable RT I'm pretty sure transit data is the gateway drug of
Ima multitasker! Hahaha!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>I wanna hear you say " #sistaneedawheelchair " when u finish crushing LEGS!
Can u skype
That he is, especially so early in the morning :-).
For many, a letter still says it best - The Seattle Times
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> all my years of iPhone experience and never an issue, till today!! My phone fell in the bathroom, shattered.screen... So pist!!! Grr.
Join us for our 1st event of the year with from on 9/14 For info, visit www.facebook.com/aafmiami
I know. It's almost as if he thinks that cultural heritage has something to with actual human beings.
Finally realizing not to take my family for granted.
UNDERSTANDING YOUR SOUL PURPOSE - SPIRITUAL ASTROLOGY Tonight, 7:30 - 9pm The Psychic Eye 818-906-8263 Class overview, bring ur natal chart!
Ur going to see Good Deeds now? No fair! I want to go too! RT : Now it's time for my movie date with self...
that would be incredible when you get there ask for Justin
lol with that driver over 4000!!! But new one is under 2500 so were getting it fixed!
Bad news: Santora event is cancelled tomorrow, but make sure to stop in tonight to see Ed Lin!
I never want to hear about whale meat again. EVER. Nor do I want to hear about Isadora Duncan or Martha Graham.
Tell her to write about a small town mayor in a newspaper.
Hi Anthony - Thanks for the follow. Wow, 93000+ tweets. You have a lot to say. ;-) Look forward to reading your tweets!
Fire up those engines
I want.
#RedSox have 3 guys on your MVP ballot, 2 guys on your LVP ballot and Lackey gets your Cy Yuk. I feel even more lost than before.
Heading to web team party with
Why is your avatar a close-up of your (*cough cough* big ole) head ?
#Winter has finally arrived in #Wisconsin. Most years, we're sick of it by now. This year, the #snow & cold are still a novelty.
Don't skimp on lunch. Give yourself a good meal to refuel. And take a moment to reflect, look up, muse and reorient yourself.
Amazing, really. Dick Clark made a career out of being Dick Clark. Couldn't dance. Couldn't sing. But he was one heck of a Dick Clark. RIP
We're still looking for a student intern for the festival! Also, non-majors are welcome to participate in the festival.
Its cold as flack in here!
I'll give my book idea a little more thought this weekend and then tweet you to set up good time to call you.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <312
You are welcome! Have a great wednesday :)
that makes a lot of sense. The question: what was emancipation? was always at the forefront of our minds. (1)
I want warm skin against mine. Hands gently caressing my sleep filled body. To feel safe and kept. Tangled legs and neck kisses. Bliss.
Hell yeah! Thanks! We really appreciate it. Let us know what you think of the rest :)
We're on summer vacation :)
I'm so happy I'm moving back to the city. :)
true, but what about the intimidation factor? Who needs speed when the other team is worried about your mustache?
what?! How does she have any right to tell you or them what to do on their off time.
I've been trying to get to get an Irish sisters tattoo w/ me for years!!! Maybe we can do a cousins one :)
that is a great song right there.
Lots of web updates today. We have a full house of interns in the building, so I'll be working w/ them also. More blog posts likely.
Excellent. I'm really glad to hear it.
Let's go #celtics!
#BoxCarSuperstar RT : I wanted to do all those things!
Bet we see it in next 3-5 yrs MT Stern says ads on jerseys not coming in near future. More media generated buzz...
He said it! "Hatred is a very underestimated emotion. " - Jim Morrison
Bowling with the Fam is always fun. I stink at bowling but I had a good time!
At social networking panel in S'field w three super engaging panelists. Dubeauclard, Krause and Wolfe rock.
Relax, don't worry, have a homebrew.
make it nasty
#dearhair why do you have so many grey hairs...I am only 24??!!
I need to stop watching sporting events in La Tomate.
We spared no expense...
After a bumpy start, I wish all my boys a great trip to Gulf Shores for DMB. and
and you're not dead, so okay.
Yes, the kid is amazing. There are so many more amaxing children undiscovered.
I'll stay in my room cause I don't like that show.
AWESOME!! LOVE IT!!
Well tweeters maybe you can help me understand it because I just don't get it. Tweet you guys later~BAMM "THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER."
I respect your maddening travel schedule Margaret. It was nice meeting you at #sxsw. Safe travels!
They were then sent to a factory a slave laborers until the factory was destroyed.
Cats by 11.
the remaining five hours just got worse. They each had their own maybach, but had to share camels, WTF?
landed in #Vegas. Look out.
#chicago #acappella -- combined, you can't go wrong!
Since it's not really possible to know when you're being deceived, is #trust any more than willful ignorance with a bit of hopeful optimism?
IMMATURE the word boring people describe fun people lmaoo:)
if you like what makes you beautiful check out one thing and gotta be you! its gotta be you cuz youve got that one thing!! ;) <3
I kinda think D.Rose missing a lot of games this season cause he want CJ to get better.
It's a gorgeous day and I'm driving to NYC:) wow!
Got to see Katie dohmann of too! Great night!
hell no.
lol well that's good!! R u out of class now?!? Lol
Renewing your mind is one of the most best things you can do in your battle against the enemy. You ARE who GOD says you are!
how do I get the install kit?
I love you Justin, I really hope you see this!
that's how I felt, too. I'm surprised at how quickly everything went by.
same here
Eating Hershey's kisses :* <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F>
Got my math teacher to vote for my contest picture
RT : "Athletes never graduate. They always have coaches. They always have someone pushing them along."
Working w/a vendor for video you agree to a treatment & elements to sign off on.
thank you!!! :) hope all of your classes are going well also!
Thanks for the #FF love!
Well the first Saturday of the year sucked for me: ND and Oregon loss to along with a UW win. Atleast it was an embarrassing win over EWU
Watching a special on beavers, they're awesome.
You know I need you, just like you need me.
thanks so much for the #ff love!
I know the feeling!
who's in charge of dp twitter?? Andrew??
Yea yea its the #sour hour
Got a new dress for tomorrow :)
loving all the pink at the ballpark today
Listening to our song So Beautiful, seeing wht else we gotta do to it.
Jordan's just working through his nerves. He'll be alright. Just has to settle
I wish I was in a car on my way to DC like && !
“: Admit your weakness, God will add strength. The Lord doesn't like arrogance but he will empower the humble.”<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
If you haven't checked out The Turnaround do so now!!!
American student said that men with names like C.J., L.J. or any initials, is most likely named after his father and is a junior. True?
so, somebody light up my device, i need some conversations to get going
Hey Wordpress friends - best photo album plug in?
The awkward moment when someone's voice doesn't match their appearance.
Thanks choreographers: Marty Kudelka, Luther Brown, Kevin Maher, Jaquel Knight,
Who needs clothes when you have sandals and libations?
Paris Won't Forget You Either.
you are my inspiration I love you with all my heart I'm very orgullozo you're my idol
Loved reading the #summertimehack essay by Kate Pruittin newspaper. Good job everyone, you can feel the love you put in it.
ART TIME PUNKS now available at The Daily Planet Bookstore ! www.thedailyplanetbookstore.com
thank you for the update, happy to hear Devon was able to take care of you, sorry for the numerous contacts
"Teenagers are either drunk, stoned, texting, having sex, or asleep." I find that offensive. some of us like to eat too, you know.
E:60 NFL draft ... didnt know Luck and RGIII both got drafted to Stanford as freshmen. "Talent respects talent"
are you getting high off glitter again??
welcome aboard! looking forward to working on things together!
That's me! I'll have him send you guys invites
Oh no... What was the interview for? I'll look it up.on YouTube...
hey I know u will never notice but you would rock my world if you would please follow me back your so cute and funny <33333333
i'm so fucking annoying.
Never a better way to start the day than with Starbucks <3
Don't forget to RSVP in advance for tonight's program - 'I Wanna Go Viral' with Brandon Faris of $5 for Non-Members who RSVP!
Check out our Facebook page and look at our pictures from #IfAllofRoch #DebraDean Scavenger Hunt last Friday
and : Kudos to you both you are an example to the world, on what matters most: supporting each others dreams
Me either! RT : I can't wait til the new season starts!! :)
Its funny how long relationships last, just like old stories, they're a thing of the past...
i'm out
Why do babies jump on your bladder. #I'mgoingtopissmyself
Just watched no strings attached for like the 100th time. Ashton is also a #guiltypleasure Those eyes! Believe every word.
happy bday ddub! Happy hump day!
follow back?(:
omfg the only people that reply to my tweets are people that are trying to sell me something i immediately regret being born
you're still newish within MSP so it's cool. Glad you're influential-ness is growing!
can't wait! U goin in lol yea rite!
Congrats to our whole team! Street team and fans! We are signing a Production deal with one of the best producers in the world this Sunday!
It gets touched, broken, stitched, re-opened, infected, then eventually turns black forever.
Double R & Nicole wnt EVERYBODY TO GO TO Swigs North tonight for some dudes bday but 1st go to CoCo Lounge for Happy Hr/Networking!
wanna watch The Hunger Games again!!!!
good stuff!
And it's not like they're doing anything weird in the picture...but there's just this overwhelming feeling that you should hit them.
What a dull press conference that was......
minimum wage increases would throw a huge roadblock in the path of local economic recovery
Why do i like you so much
worst fans? Or the most fans that just don't care? Because I'd say the worst fans award goes to Toronto.
Listening party for the new Jack White album with free Austin's Pizza today at 6pm
jammin 2 ......i love you guys you inspire me so much!!
Woo NBA hypocrisy!
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
Been there,,, very sorry for your loss. Stay strong. 100
I love the way Americans spell! I even say see instead zed (:
Just did! Hope you will do the same!
$28,000 left to reach our year-end goal TODAY! Never given? Your $25 is doubled by Hyde Challenge- reply now or visit WFGM.org
. Yes! Super excited. A little anxious. Stomach in a knot.
": Yo mama's so ugly, she has to trick or treat over the phone"
you keep replying to yourself
No less than three garter snakes and I scared each other in the garden today. Forget robins. Spring is here!
Looks like our #TXScotRiteAccessLux meeting will need to be rescheduled due to
I am. I'm cooking for my senior project presentation tomorrow
Let someone else say something to me a swear on my grave, I will kill someone... I don't need this bullshit
Don't let people from your past hold your present hostage and control your future. Allow yourself to laugh, love, & most important...live!
#OomfNeedsTo talk to me more often!
If i die today id live on threw the seeds i planted in others and the love of my true friends and family so why fear wut must happen one day
Cheers to the freakin' weekend?
what's ur number
u asked ur mom remember movies
At the show with Anisa : D
Happy to announce that we just finished working on a landing page for Geneva Worldwide. Take a look! The folks at Geneva Worldwide were gre…
needed to do some meetings tuesday & Wed in NYC...can I crash??
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: right lane closed on North 183 at MLK
Chooch knocks in another run and it's 5-1 going to the bot. of the 5th.
It's just like Paul Simon sang: "Facebook don't take my electronically-applied Kodachrome filter away and give it to everyone, I'm special."
Lot of ppl don't want 2 give credit to Pats bcuz they won on missed FG. But no1 wants to tlk about how Giants won on a dropped punt return.
not a problem!
over what? Sarah Phillips?
We're currently closed for installation! Join us for the opening reception of Rolf Koppel: Willing on Wednesday, February 15 from 6-8pm.
im holden im 41 kilometers..... Really not grams
About to start my late class... Ugh
lol they have a surgery for that now. And no girls Bitch on a constant
- Hey, was this Tremolo Productions? Been working w/them at MOCA for PST. Super sweet folks! SO. HAPPY. YOU'RE. HERE.
This carmello contract deal is getting ridiculous. can Denver just trade him so we can stop hearing about it?
Today I only want breakfast foods. I just had a bowl of cereal for lunch.
“: Winners accept responsibility and achieve results. Losers blame others for their own failures.” LOVE THIS!!
Leadership teams should not use terms like "ensure" and "secure" etc
Sir Ken Robinson "school bleaches out differences and works to create conformity"
Disney Launches | Box Office India : India&#39;s premier film trade ...
Is it possible to get high off of soda??
Dang! I already left! I would have hung out if I knew you were #DTF. Lol “: I'm at DTF (Downtown Fremont St) w/ ”
That's lovely. Now make my phone stop freezing.
also u r very beautiful, he is a lucky man. I would love to debate this with u in a calm way. But I know that will not be.
What new albums/music coming out in 2011 are you excited about?
dear twitter, you're amazing just the way you are. if perfect's what you're searching for then just stay the same! say no to the
little kids are so cute when they pretend to read, the toddlers pointing at words... warms my heart
Back in Ann Arbor. And I think I'll actually be here for a few weeks--no more July travel on the schedule. Amazing.
I don't even use this term but that tyga I'm faded go so hard in the club and and can attest to that!Listening now
I'LL BRING THE TAPOUT SHIRTS!
I probably need to start unpacking my stuff. :/
can you say, "manufacturer returns"? unless they have a really big bargain bin...
When u find out please let me know!
Hi all did you check out our website yet www.createmoneyweb.com
yeah u gon definitely have to gimme some time, my joint grows SLOW
Hi Tucker! Love to see this photo! Hope we'll see each other on set soon.
hahahahahahahahhahahah. omg i just died.
yes, are you? And me too I don't want to go but there's only two more weeks left:-))
It's not too late, #TFC. You can still cancel your friendly with Liverpool and save your season.
#GoodMorning I am the new definition of AIRPLANEMUSIC.
Tomorrow is the BIG day! What is everyone doing for NYE? I still have some tickets and tables left for you laggers!!
Anyone know where I can get Chinaco Anejo in north cputh san diego?
I love Harris Teeter and Kroger stores. Hands down, beats anything New Mexico has in terms of grocery stores. #Albertonson'sugh
The are hosting tonight!
I love seeing Austin friends and in Best Worst Movie
a good effort. Pls let me know how we can help if necessary to make this a reality. Civic Works isn't enough.
I will have to endure. (sweating)
Welcome our newest raven jacoby jones!!
don't matter where you rank pre season ya fruit.... and I you gonna cheer you gotta
Love that TWEET!!
I want Casey Seimaszko for Houdini.
Nati bound for the concert.
I've never been so mad in my life. My sister is such a bitch.
Good morning! World Champ talks about this 2012 Bulls team as we enter the playoffs & don't 4get 2 wear red! See you at 6am!
Those were words last year after ripping me for defending Yuni B after he swung at a first-pitch meatball.
lol I was joking.. but it's still not true.
Quana don't even know yet
My Dad
Careful driving out there today! Suspended dust and smoke over the Valley, from Arizona, may impact your vision on our roadways
Well yeah... Sabrina and I would kick it out in the streets if it didn't like
"Done is better than perfect." Of course it is! How can you build new innovations off of an existing one without it gettin 'done'?!?
What's up with Oklahoma City ? Huge chunks of empty courtside seats for tonight's game with Blazers. Shuda stayed in Seattle.
Let us know what kind of deal you'd like to see on our site! What restaurant, shop, or service would you love to be able to save money at?
let's burn some candles ! haha imma be with Juana in a bit. let's see what's up !
I shall text you
RIP Don Cornelius
i'm so freaking hungry man i wanna go home and make me something to eat ugghhhhhhhhhhhh why i gotta be here until 6:30
One week till spring break :)
today kinda blows.
Why I like him? Hm, they'll be a very long list! ;) Why do you like him? :)
"If we are going to survive we need a news industry we can trust" - i.e. fact checking
Food break, at 4:30 we are out and have to wait for the park to re open for gradbash. Should be a fun night, battery at 32% :/
You Would Be VERY Surprised At What All I Know, But Even More Surprised At What You DON'T Know! Do More Than Just Follow Me... TALK TO ME.
heat, how long it takes my hair to grow out, my mood I'm so random with my hair at times
Special thanks to the Newport Mesa Unified School District for their gifts to our Christmas Store!! What a huge blessing!
haha oh gotcha
You make a really good point. My question is: what makes the personal opinion of a critic valid as a consumer report?
#migraine and lots of stuff to do.
Can I hit it in the MORNING?
#wiunion ..Problem is my brain repeated: "I can't Stand Walker" Oh NO! ~~I need to be less judgmental: This is What Democracy Looks Like?
testifies at 9:30 a.m. in Columbus in support of Mayor Jackson's school plan.
Sweet! Looks awesome! RT Here's the big announcement #RunLA ladies! New race!!
wuuuutevaahh <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081> you guys don't know what I'm scared of <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> & no its not aliens. xD
some guy at Starbucks is trying to make me join his cult by initiating zero eye contact and not talking to me. it's working.
:) I love you
Sometimes it hurts so much that you want to embed itself in the face of what such a fool ...
Getting closer & closer to making a life changing decision :/
Oh shit! Just realized it's 1 month exactly till we raaagggeeee!!!!!
that's so bad:(
Dont forget to eat your brain food. Just order from me, thats all i cook
Loving some Ms. Whitney tribute on
Trip to NOLA the last week of July! Where should I eat?
Good afternoon tweets! Rain is falling here.
it is better to have ... whats the rest? i forgot
The Rays game was a blast. Nice ballpark, low key, great hitting & defense. 5-4 win.
that was us last week when #radiohead was on sale 4 Verizon! luckily we got in! :-)
Thinking of getting a new laptop. Refurb'd 15" macbook pro w/ hi-res screen. Can you beat that in a $2k budget, in apple & laptop form?
UH football to play 7 home games
that's funny
I've said/written this three times today: We can see it when we are ready to see it. Epilogue: It's there right now.
Bill Clinton's real-life aging looks like fake Back to the Future aging.
And I'm the gay one?!
I am with you. When I hear "peanut butter" and "banana" I am sold.
“: One Shining Moment was actually written at East Lansing's Varsity Inn (now Los Tres Amigos).”
Can't wait to see it Ronnie! :-0
You can be addicted to a certain kind of sadness..
This lean been n my freezer for like 2 months *shrugs shoulders*
The winner of the Gift Card is ! Congratulations! (DM us your address and we will mail it to you)
any minute now.....
Which makes more sense,"hair extensions or extension hair"? please everyone give us your feedback. Thanks Mari Ari
Don’t want to attract police attention during Mifflin? Then make sure you don’t overcrowd balconies and houses!
Today's NY Times crossword puzzle has put me off milk for a while. I'll have to find something else to have my cereal wit.
Had to peel a Kony sticker off a carrel last night. Defacing library furniture: the original social networking.
69 is the only dinner for 2
Emailed Groupon & NM Magazine, twice. Haven't heard from NM Mag & it took 3 weeks for Groupon to get back to me. (2/6)
I was super pumped to find Slam Dunkel last night!!
Thanks for the follow!
Tebow doesnt have crap on me, I'm about to be pulling down 12 million dollars a year.
Dont get the new Honda commercials. They act like life ends & u cant do nething when u get married. Life has just BEGUN with marriage!
England captain John Terry to be prosecuted for "racially aggravated public order offence"...wow...... #law&orderUK
RT : Drinking an Alpha King by — you're welcome
Of course I will!!!! <3333
Fuck that "Metta World Peace" shit, I will always refer to that moron as Artest
According to Krugman logic, Detroit must be a boom town right now.
welcome, welcome, welcome! : )
Yeahoo! Now you can come home! RT : BATTLEGROUND - Day 36 of 36 complete. And that's a frickin' WRAP!!
Security here is so WHACK! Go have a seat and do what you're good at ... NOTHING!!!
I'll let you park in the front. Just to stunt.
can ur biggest fan get a follow back
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYALFREDO yu should make notice me ? ;D
lol no I am not in Mexico - what made you think that? :)
The numbers speak for themselves we are still in the midst of an #HIV crisis but knowledge is pwr
If you would sign your NASCAR Plaza lease, they might return calls to us! We want to move in, but nobody will answer us!
that's a great question! cc:
Someone fly me to the sample sale please!!!
We are at the C.O.V.E Forum @ McKinley Tech Amphitheater Room 2nd & T St., NE
Did you have words with that Bengal who pulled you down by your locs?
Discussing sick time abuse and steps to correct within div of fire
we can't help that we are so beautiful ;)
Hoping for a little #sunshine tomorrow.
Not just numbers, you word-miracle worker
smarter than me
Just went past 50 twitter followers! Thanks to everyone for the support!
I am now the mayor of my own office on FourSquare. My rule will be firm but benevolent.
Ha Ha you're little boy's got a little poppin' & breakin' to the
I'm getting purple colored contacts! #checkitout!
I generally tweet on my phone too but it's nice to have a twitter option that I really like on the iPad.
My bench points 53 points now. a bit sick
Thank you to all those who supported the launch of "Boston: Inspirational Women" from What a great holiday season!
Ha something I'll never forget.. And you'll never remember. Come back soon! RT : Norman 2. Dylan 0.
my fav place to go and hang out, what happen in Vegas stays in Vegas.. Lol have fun. French toast.
If you could travel anywhere tomorrow, where would you go?
I can see you. I'll come over over lunch to meet you ~ Karyn, Marketing Director
From my DC source, not only did Mayor fly first class to Washington, but he chatted w/ actress Charlize Theron (also on plane)
Friday Friday friday gotta get down on Friday
!!!!!!!!!!!! ": If you leave early during a Heat game, eres tremendo come mierda."
Shout Out to Leslie Nease and all the ladies attending 2day's Ladies Conf ~ may Jesus be huge and hearts abundantly blessed!
I love Billy Idol and I love Kiss and I love BVB therefore I love the new EP even it isn't even out!
The great thing about making your first film is that every mistake becomes your style.
oh you saved my number I see?? Haha
All those fairytales are full of shit One more stupid love song I'll be sick
That look painful!!
i reaaallly wanna play some Borderlands if you can get a good enough connection
amazing is the only word I have for it really. It blew me away--equal parts wonder and horror--but what a tremendous story.
On twitter? I haven't gotten it yet. :/ can you try again?
Enjoy the Oscars and the fabulous clothes and don't forget about glimmertrain!
at kmart dressed all ghetto like with pink slippers.
WELL IM SORRY FOR YOU BUT THE CITY IS ONLY 15MINUTES AWAY FROM ME
When you have liven my life,you're welcome to judge.
Let me be clear! I did not act upon my information! Let them not bash me in their Bitbook!
Shot Out to she's cute AF and she FOLLOWS BACK so FOLLOW HER
RT : "YES" I said baby I'm due October 31 TRICK OR TREAT!// CONGRATS!!!, LOL
down to finish writing our EP =/ but we really want a chance to play with you again!!
We haven't seen that on our site... But it sure looks hot!
Never mind I find someone like you I love you so much<U+2665>
he was the only guy hustling there. Everyone else was asleep
Also, it's great to have a variety of tools; I've often recommended SCS to folks on Windows; heard many good things!
lmao. U really are crazy Q...... Me too tho. Lol
Worked on a project today that required 6 different colored highlighers (for organizational purposes, of course). Gotta love PR!
Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift. Albert Einstein
Got a new i-fone....amazing!!!!
Ah. Thanks, Andie!
please do.. If you need more info or pricelist dm me
started of the day by fighting with the bestfriend ..... great.
THANKS SO MUCH! #FOLLOWTHEBUGGY!! “: . LOVE the logo! Can't wait until you hit thestrEATS!”
Daily Special, Mon 03/26/12 - Country fried steak served with mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09
New nickname given to Sproles by the munchkin: Happy Feet!
I totally love
Outofcontrolandannoying. That's one word, right?
It's a great day to be alive. Everyone Cheer up.
Thanks for the follow! Hope to see you around on the OG website sometime!
Twitter was created to make you feel like you're the only person in the world without a podcast.
You know Kelly Clarkson's voice resonates with folks when security guard at your work building is singing "Breakaway" at 7.05 am #itsFriday!
Seeing doctors and nurses smoking >
I. Am. There!
Gonna make an INXS and Oingo Boingo mix tape for this totally rad hottie who smokes cloves and looks like Adam Ant.
#umediacenter Films from the Vaults today in UW's Odegaard. No popcorn but lots of Eastman Ektachrome film. Sesshu Toyo currently scrolling.
I know a guy in CA working for NASA.
Thanks Teresa:-) The blog is pretty new but I'm having fun with it. Glad you stopped by to visit.
My buddy is close to the 50k mark for his "Ass Back Home" cover video! Amazing stuff, give him a follow.
I'm sorry, do yo thang then ;)
I hope is having a good time here in Detroit!
What do you do for your 75th anniversary? We're celebrating by making our delicious doughnuts, like we always do!
The swiftness of time is infinite, as is still more evident when we look back on the past. - Seneca
JORDAN! i have an important question
um, let's all sit here and wait until we can leave this teacher had a break down or something
Yesterday was another crazy day in the NFL. Are the lions really 4-0?
Water Damage Repair And Cleanup Michigan - Metro Detroit - Grand Rapids MI - Sarasota Florida* Flood Damage Repair Contractor 888-822-9500
hope everyone has a good safe day:)
That's good. We hope to see you soon!
a future as a private investigator? those guys get paid a shit ton to do nothing.
now I do cuz I told u! C:
April 16th is sentencing.
Please do!
Early morning hard at work everyday
Its going to be a little drizzy tomorrow expect a lil wayne! Lol
hoe w/e.. It Brings back sad memories now. :'(
When did the GOP start caring about "urban" children?
Getting ready to get it at Danny's Lounge Its about to go down if you ain't here you missing out.
I was thinking of shit for us to do together once you get to Denver I was thinking first stop #playersclub then
tip-toes around #DWTS rumors on and talks #BofA marathon- girl's got a lot of good going on
Sitting at Demo's on a breezy night. Good food and friends. NSt.Mary's is hopping! I love living in such a vibrant, eclectic area.
I am so happy it's sunny outside. As usual, and are right on point!
So Nice Out <3
Rearranged all of my apps/folders on my iPhone and now it takes me a year to find everything. #
Come join me at Master Buffet tomorrow for THRIVE Lunch 11:30am! Nothing like going to on a restaurant adventure and networking!!!!
thanks dude, that means a lot
In the words of the Poet Laureate Ice Cube: Today was a good day.
Well said. :-) ": Why can't people just get along,why so much hate,if you don't like someone don't follow them!I'm not a hater.
Asthma rates at highest level ever, CDC says
Ya he is lol
You're Welcome! :) Maybe we can work together one day. I may need a photographer for a couple of "prom-like" events I'm doing ;)
yes, but none more than the thunderous girl severs
RT Sometimes I wish god could just come down and tel me some of the tings I need to know, cause I hate being confused!
LMAO LUV IT! RT : LOL! Feel free to make PR announcements about bathing at your con, I usually do XD
haha it's okay & yea dude omg lol it's been forever since that day
Gettin some sleep.. Headin to Pittsburgh in the morning. Need to bring the #Brewers good luck. Also lookin forward to trying #primantibros!
Just met Lori Fogarty from ! Hooray for connections to outreach to our East Bay BAEMPs!
And hormones swoop in to ruin my evening. Fantastic.
You're welcome, great post!
So are my kids!! RT : Excited Favorite Male Singer Kids Choice Awards 2012 Is Justin Bieber
maybe its good i skipped out in preparation for the shit show this week
i listen to "chasing the sun" on repeat in the gym and everyone looks at me crazy as i sing "OH OH OH OH OH OH..." LOL
That's right Jackson, don't let me or (Mike Proctor) catch you dissing the gentleman's game.
I'll believe it when I see some digital MSS... there have been so many announcements over the past few years!
Acting on one of my 2012 resolutions already. Booyah!
just voted for you 25 times for the all-star game! keep walking!
check out Cage and Lachenmann for more harpsichord fun
turn those clocks forward tomorrow night! Yay for more daylight!
Thanks for checking it out bro! Glad your enjoying it. RT : CD is hot bro!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Yawn, just got up... Sleepy but I have to go to school
Virgin Festival moving to Merriweather...not sure how I feel about that. I like the price. Full story at www.baltimorebusinessjournal.com
i wish i was a turtle ... turtles don't give a f*ck about anything ... they're just like " hey man ... i'm a turtle ... what's going on?? "
Omg followed me! I am so excited I absolutely admire her n I am so glad she followed me! Thank Ariel! :)
just saw your video and I'm loving all of your nailpolishes! Def hitting up Rite Aid once they come out!! :)
#SignsAPersonCantCook lol put the pot in the right front but turn the heat on the left rear.smh.Lol
Damn near need a nap
Converted from the B2b to Galaxy S 2! Large screen and AMAZINGLY thin and light!
Ohh what did you realize??
celtics lose yeah buddy :)
At my community association Frankford Improvement Association's monthly meeting.
Maybe it was aural... either way, awful.
Happy Hump Day!!!
Ha thanks for the endorsement Hyedi!
... So, their devs can't find a way to add hotkeys to gatekeeper?..
#raw10 Rem they wanted 2 impeach Pres. Clinton 4 lying 2 the Grand Jury? Bush lied about weapons, we n a war 4 what, he should b doing time!
My first time experiencing the start of a new semester here at UNC Charlotte. LOTS of students in the library. I'm impressed!
Would really love to play hookie today bout oh well...
OH....do share the recipe!!
My boo called me super size . That's okaii cuz I call her super duper size ( BOOBS PEOPLE LOL )
Good morning everyone!!
“Art, as far as it is able, follows nature, as a pupil imitates his master. Thus your art must be, as it were, God's grandchild.” - Dante
I hatched homie.
Boo! Thx for the tip. You're the best for design resources! Still need to return your prepress book. Likely'll be in HTX in Sept.
About to watch Derby Baby Crazy crowd here.
Worried worse than that. Last group of practicum teachers didn't know Google Docs, Diigo--basic tools, let alone online/blended.
good to see you tonight. Congrats again and I can't wait for your detailed and diligent reporting.
That seems a better use of Foucault than Foucault knew.
Sitting two tables over from Kevin Love!
this whole job hunting interviewing negotiating business is giving me the shakes.
Lakers are gonna win by 5 tonight
Galaxy Macau(TM) Phase 2 -- A New Chapter Begins
Patternmaking... Again. I think I need a drink.
Hi guys
I quote that line way too much. So applicable to my life.
Good Morning. Back to the grind. Had an early shoot yesterday and delivering the finished product today.
No one but u baby can make me feel the way u make me feel!
Great quote!
At least you livin in USA)))
You talkin bout him, her, them, what they said. Fuck what you talkin bout. I'm tryna buy a porsche and mansion bitch. Lets get paid bitch
blast! Will let y'all know if we are going downtown on Friday. However- rain check necessary :) take lots of pics! Wear big hat!
Chemistry is pointless.
Not old, experienced. ;)
Thanx for the add. hopefully we can work together in the near future.. Stay in touch.Peace & blessings
The "No Easy Way Out" scene in Rocky 4 is one of the greatest scenes ever.
I just sat here and thought about that for way too long. O.O
Going back to my former high school today for some meetings... I hear it's a war zone in there.
I gotta taste 4 sum Doritos tacos from Taco Bell.! #Bangin!
How did it take me this long to discover Barbara Pym? I want to read everything she ever wrote.
Thanks for the follow. Interesting website. I look forward to reading your stuff.
Hump day = yay
happy birthday!
So who wants 2 play WWYD MB<3 edition?? tweet me!
#SOEXCITED RT : One more day! will be on #TheVoice performing #Payphone from their new album feat.
Whoa! Had a bit of a rush there. Nice day for a breakfast sandwich!
Trying to hold out for the nurse on duty
Ive been gone for awhile and when I come back on no one misses me... Im offended. jk
If you want to be an ass, be an ass but leave me out of it!
MINE PLEASE
Thanks for the RT, we look forward to seeing you for the 2010 Fiesta!
"Be truthful, gentle & fearless."
Working on something for the past two hours, computer asks if I want to save, I accidentally clicked no. I'm done for the day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Exam 1 & 2 passed with a B+ -__- not so happy about it .
Oh and MIB 3 of course!
Big Apple Bagel, hair appointment and getting my little ready for prom :)
hang on!
Lots of cleaning and straightening up
no. Never delete.
hmm Try just going in to ur settings... And notifications should be in there somewhere...
What I needed
oh memories of awkward moments :-}
Alrightie homie I'm still a big fan and I know you're gonna turn it out in Mia! ...Go #Dolphins!!!
Going to see Los Lonely Boys tonight.
Whatcha think about my new icon? ;)
When are you going to ask me to come along for some brews?
yeea she'll be home soon
I AM a doctor
mine too
With wine & hope anything is possible.
I'm going to stage a protest every day in your mentions and in front of you crib. lol
shut it, you
especially if the teacher read it aloud!
Glad I got that out. Goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
The longer you WAIT, the weaker your WILL!
I had no idea that browsers with html5 support could accept input from a phone's accelerometer. makes sense, though.
FUN follow me please
No Doubt!
Has anyone used IBM lotus connections at work? Please dm me if you have comments on implementation or usability/content rules.
Philadelphia Eagles Have Several Options on Second Day of 2012 NFL Draft: A Fan&#39;s Look
sure! thanks :)
sad face.
Not happy.
I'm free whenever!!!! :) don't work till JUNE 1st
happy easter everyone, hope everyone had a good time
Your voice is the sound of your personality, because we do not find who we are, but we create who we are.
your super pretty girl!!(':
I would bring it for sure. If the weather is summery you're good.
Five tweets to go.
Love when my mom wakes me up Idc if it's 12:30
awh im blushing(:
ruh-r'oh!
I should add painful hemorhoidal itch and the heartbreak of psoriasis to that list.
I like using big words to sound smart.... i mean.... utilizing gargantuan idioms to fabricate intelligence ;D
be careful who your friends are cause they can turn into enemies in a heartbeat
Thank you!! Can't wait to see you soon!
Help us get the band get scared to follow us! They are at the top of out following list!
.. I dont have one
On Friday my beard turns 6 months old & frankly I'm really excited to shear it off. Its been a very interesting experiment!
What Means The World To You? My Lord and my beloved family.. :)
Rangers rangers rangers base freggin ball starts tomorrow.
I would but was drinking till 6am again, Haha... Gotta rest up for the Celtics game, I'll come visit soon...
Our trip to Brooklyn was culminated by seeing one entire building that had no graffiti on it.
Happy 1st birthday Dylan. I love you <U+2665>
Looking forward to the Filmores Project - Silver Springs MD
Good morning !
If my mom saw all your tweets,she probably would no longer like you.....lol
But not because of Pierce Brosnan.
Now, the chair has a fresh start and a new bidding deadline -- so, if you thought you missed your chance
back in the game from LA to Italy!working it!
Does Druple not offer the kinds of content management functionality of libguides? Why would a site need both?
Shout Out To Preciate The Support - BAM!!!
#ThingsMyMotherSays "Im gonna bust you"
That would be so awesome! You can give us a professionals opinion of the show :)
hey can i ask you for some advice for a band just starting out?? I love your song young folks btw :)
Putting together f&w pairing auction lot w/Evan Goldstein (MS) of Full Circle 4 a fundraiser. Would be honored to talk w/u.
Clips or thunder?
#FF from beautiful Key West
Thinking I'm gonna wait until we know exactly how/why it happened before putting a pen to paper.
Spilled mouthwash all over my pants. That counts as laundry, right?
that is nuts! Unless the NBA has a sudden surge of support across the pond.
you're still teaching me how to fish right??
Backatcha! Not sure if I'm getting out tonight, but I'll be back in april if not!
RT : Before stage 3 start we'll remember Wouter Weylandt, who tragically passed away last year. WW108, champions never die
keeps trying to avoid me so he won't have to pay the $20 he owes me. pay up loser
great to have you here at Marquee with us tonight.
Thank god i have no school tomorrow..
Next time I'm in LA and not stuck in LAX for 4 hours, I'm down to make that happen.
Froggy Jet about to fly for a chance to win #FroggyFlyaway to
Yoooo!! We gotta do BG1 & BG2 T-Shirts.. Priceless
A baby-sitter is a teenager who gets two dollars an hour to eat five dollars' worth of your food. - Henny Youngman
Berkeley Person. It's been foggy in Oakland all week.
Not with u all up in ur coach's face. if u get fired they can easily replace u. Who u r doesn't matter if ur not respectful.
Good evening! Shannon from KY!
#STAR #astrology CAP ASC connected by rulership to 2nd/AQU; Saturn's placement by sign, then by + aspects from Jupiter/Venus, & by house.
sorry to hear. Only a few more hours before the deadline. Hang in there...
Thanks to #BarackObama for supporting #SameSexMarriage-we are human beings and deserve the right to #marry and #love!
I didn't know Uncle Sam was black! Where's my money!!!! Lol Wsup G!!!
Good actors are so captivating!
I know , mayb next year
you have NO CHOICE but to give them they props cause we GOT OFF IN DAT AS YO. #TeamOKC !!!
Thanks for the shout-out on this morning's blog - very excited for #Nashville Best Cellars tonight with !
when r u gonna post up the parts to ur story?(:
nothing like listening to Hector Lavoe in the morning..."Vamos bailar la Murga...la Murga de Panama"
Should we be concerned about noise? We don't have any idea what to consider here. We will have a rental.
What the hay!!!!Just discovered that I got a half brother and half sister somewhere either in Colorado or in Cali, that's bonkers.
Just got back from the hospital. NOT FUN AT ALL. I still feel like crap.. and RT and make me feel better :P
Wisconsin state Capitol Police Chief Charles Tubbs resigns to take a job as Dane County's new emergency management director
one of the most slept on producers in chicago
RIP Donna Summer. God must have needed a Last Dance.
ASO and present "Côte d'Ivoire: Confronting Stability, Ensuring Peace" Discussion this Thursday, April 7 at 5pm!
Don't drink the Kool Aid - educate and think for yourself
Hurry up buddy RT : It's official... I'm joining the #Obama2012 digital team in #Chicago. Fired up, and ready to WIN!
W/ the new App Stats for #Android Developers, I'm thinking the play book is to build for Android 1st & then plow the learnings into iOS.
Sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders, everyone's leaning on me.
you look gawwwgeous in the pictures for the #noh8 campaign. will they be in magazines?...i hope so.
Go #Hens! RT : Eric Patterson deep fly brings home Jerad Head and a Ryan Strieby single brings home two more; 6-0 #Hens in the 4th
. and I went and saw "The Artist" finally. It was great.
I didnt have time to watch the fight, but thanks I was able to get hit by hit info lol!!!!
“Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.”
President of Macalester College speaking at morning panel on funding decisions to higher ed
never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
meps was meps! Just a lot of paperwork, you take a urinalysis, have a lot of checks, the hotel is nice tho!
I love that I met Mira Bartok on Twitter and #Franzen calls it "unspeakably irritating."
you too!! I'll be in touch re the St Paul cards. Let me know about your show schedule too
And I know one day you'll see nobody has it easy
Thanks for sharing!
What this world needs is a new kind of army - the army of the kind.
#Ilovemyboyfriend cause he sits and watches me shave my legs then feels the before and after. XD
Worked in sports & now out of the industry, agree with Cuban. Of course w/ distinction of working for a franchise vs. agency.
haha sorry, I was in a hurry
and proud of it!
Though, also means we can use secret Canadian speak w/ out foreigners having any clue what we're talking about. :)
OK try not to be boring. Sit on Matt's lap and give him a kiss. oh that's been done
... because u r using I AM too much. Love u brother. No more tweets during FHE.
grab someone sexy and tell 'em Hey--- wheres ? [;
can have his opinion. quit being jealous of him he's just like all of us. you bringin him down represents who you really are
talking about innovation alliance with Newt Fowler & Jason Pappas.
THRILLED about a new opportunity with a travel publication!
Navy chief accepts sub from Electric Boat
I see you gurl ;) RT : ;) RT Make sure you wear something tight,
Gruden's QB camp is great.
If Ohio Wesleyan made the field than Wittenberg has to get a nod.
Can New Hampshire be friends with Vermont now??
sorry that happened Kate!
Today’s challenge is to test your life against the word of God and to keep this as a way of life. Kenny Russell
How cute--we'll never deny your Super Fan-ness!
We love hosting reunions, bridal showers, team outings, amongst other events. Call us at 619.255.2856 with the details! #wine #happy hour
"Love is all you need." Happy Valentine's Day from Everyone at Lexis Florist!
Very out of context quote by C. James- "So I need to tell that to *all* the girls I slept with who had an abortion?"
itchy nose =
great day for the 24!!!
RT : A Happy Birthday tweet for !!
damn fucking perverts! Can I run in peace without having to think why you have passed me 4 times in ur truck?! Creeper! Rapist!
What?! Austin followed me?! WHEN?! OMG.
I really dnt wanna go to prom anymore!!
I am concerned $5.4 million budget cut to DYRS is going to mean more dangerous offenders will be allowed to roam the streets.
I was totally into Barbie, I still have mine...but I don't let my boys play with them because I'm a jerk
Thanks for listing those! My eyes were crossing from combing through that schedule.
sweet dreams. :)
thank you so much for giving a yes or else 1D would have never been formed and I wouldn't have an inspiration.
I'm amazed when ppl call me a sinner.What took em' so long 2 figure that out?We've ALL sinned & come short of God's glory! Thankful4theBLOOD
Last day of 2011! Still so much great stuff to see: THE SELLING; RED LIGHT REVOLUTION and CLOWN! Don't miss any of it!
Can't have laptops in the Methods in Lang Arts course I'm taking at UNO. We definitely cannot be trusted with them!
goodnight moon. #thankgod #brewers thanks for hanging fellas!
RT : Putting together final details for our Local Arts Classroom session, "Stewardship and Resource Development"!
Had an early out today, plus I had to evacuate school because of burnt toast. XD #epicfail The toast didn't make it but everyone else did.
RT : Hey, folks, let's get #RyanKennedy trending. 9-year-old with brain cancer, in hospice; something he wished for.
Threw that one away. Losing is one thing. Tossing a 3-0 lead you got in the first period is another.
Smiling everytime someone mentions something that relates to Vinny.
Twisted Silence play with mah dollz and ((;
RT : Crig Counsell says thought has crossed his mind in last 24 hrs but, "I have no plans to play."
"One City, One Coffee, Boulder Coffee" Check out the website for store locations and also the finest in local / live entertainment.
Good meeting you, Alex!
Also on tonight's #Chulavista city council agenda: a report on the boards, commissions and committees that report to the council.
! The curtains are beautiful! Thank you so much!!
I've been trying to figure that our for weeks. Let me know if you discover it's actually possible!
the cats and my roommate and her boyfriend, who is my new 5th roomate, have an agenda and I'm not paranoid.
“: lol that's what I'm playing now #LunchtimeLabor lol” Haha! Yep! Great song
I heard a rumor that Spring is coming! When?????
So many people tweeting about the midnight showing of Avengers. Makes me the most sad.
Happy Birthday !!!
Watching on last night's Rachel Sir, you do New Jersey proud... unlike Chris Christie.
Thanks! It was fun working with highend CG peeps on this
Leaders can accomplish little without understanding and engaging the qualities of the heart. – Daniel Goleman
Sitting in the sunshine, sipping coffee with my girls...
Seeing you live in NYC you're food choices are so outrageously embarrassing. Dominos cheesey bread?
yes im home and im bored!
As I sit in the office working on process flows, I had a great idea for a t-shirt: "I do it from my phone" ... Already done??
I thought you'd want to watch the d-backs play today. Oh... Wait...
and gunna rip it up tonight vs. Boston!
Grand Opening This Saturday! 1pm to 5pm! Refreshments will be served - come and check out our new store! 803 S 5th St - Milwaukee
We hope everyone is having a good year thus far! “It’s never too late to be what you might have been.” -George Eliot
$3 Premium Drinks at tonight?? The GOOD STUFF PEOPLE! 4409 Dowling at Wheeler
Language is only the instrument of science, and words are but the signs of ideas.
: a lit mag cannot be "extremely disinterested in social issues" If a novel seems without social issues it's just really white
#Haters are gonna hate, but #Mahomies are gonna love <3
Just left strake after taking the placement test. Let's pray for good results!
"baby we can fuck all night kind of a perk of me not working or going to school huh?" um no I'm not fucking you now loser....
Having the day from heck!!! I am waay behind on my "thank yous"...thanks to all my new TWEEPS and I am following you too...
I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching...my car into reverse and driving away from the accident.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I want to go bowling!
Yay Howie is FINALLY getting a bath :)
you guys sponsored the gourmet footwear event at Abott Kinney, right?
aw !! shanetta had her baby :D
voted for keep it going "tip toe!"
three hours of sleep?
At apollo amateur night bout to boo somebody ...
To 101 and infinity
RT - If the Jacksonville jaguars are known as the jags and the tampa buccaneers are the bucs what are the Tennessee titans?
I'm not so much a Gunners fan as I am a ManU hater.
I'm fighting the sleep like a little baby. Turning the phone off and lighting a candle.
the think BIG is key. I have been on TV, radio, newspapers, magazines, and national news. But not big enough yet. Wanna guess?
Barely packing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
No one sat next to me on the bus today >:D
yea i do
English muffins weren’t invented in England nor French
Listen every hour from 8am-8pm to win Lady A Tickets!
The supremely awesome gave me a cup! Thanks for the pick big guy. That's an honor coming from you!
I keep getting a message that says i have a blog that says something bad about me. We i go to open it i cant. Dont worry.
I wish I was like my cousin,
hold on I am right now.
On the way to Guitar Center. I love that place
Dear , please come back to Milwaukee to play
Gotta tell ya, this cat McBride is doing everything, & then some. As Alias would say, "Dude, gimmie a gig!"
I thought we were already following each other! Well, glad we are now! Good stuff today!
maybe if i was better.
91% of all US citizens have their mobile device within reach 24/7
this could be the biggest revenge Japan had in USA since Automobile industry landscape shift
idk I think she would have told you.
o shit they talkin bout its getting relocated..and we already over here..damn
when survivor is over we wait for big brother to watch classics such as #brenchel omg is this really what I do »slap self«
Lord Grant Me The Serenity To Accept The Things I Cannot Change & The Courage To Change The Things I Can
So with DLC, can we expect characters, songs, tricks, tracks? What exactly?
could i get a follow for my birthday?<33
“Today I shall behave, as if this is the day I will be remembered.” <U+2015> Dr. Seuss
Happy birthday!
. Help return Virginia to a #VAGOP majority in the State Senate. We can do it with your vote this
You're the only person I know who says "Right On!".. In all seriousness. Hahaha
MENA airlines praise Beirut's open skies policy - The Daily Star
I have that same one today, not much of a "recovery" but still got to love it right?
Reading FALLING LEAVES: THE TRUE STORY OF AN UNWANTED CHINESE DAUGHTER for book group & finding it a mixed bag.
You bet - pretty honored to hear that. I'll send them in a message...and thanks for the shoutouts on here - haven't been on...
RT Restore the tax rates pre-Reagan to solve the fiscal mess.
Oh my
I wanna make you feel wanted <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Hahaha dam I though it was goin be on yu
ok somebody talk :/
Ive burnt my ear on my straightner every day this week:(
bill evans said he didn't know a tune until he had played it one hundred times
RIP Junior Seau
is off to story hour at her library. I just presented two storytimes at mine.
lol what is "tribal garb"
ah. ok. but just a little.
- THANK YOU! We love you, too!
Priceline rocks. Great hotel near Disneyland for just $60 a night!
Today's #GoogleDoodle is a tribute to Louis Daguerre who invented daguerreotype, the first commercially successful form of
I Want God! I Want Kingdom Living! I Want Purpose! What Else Is There? What About You?
Yuuupp. Felt good tonight...3 more gigs this weekend including another one with Naughty on Sunday night after Bacchus at The Maison. 2am hit
CEO Sascha Lewis realized in 2008 that they needed to innovate or DIE. Simplify the biz and focus on mission/vision of biz.
follow Ryan Totka. He was the guy behind the "Stay Dwight" campaign. I thought he was a legit Magic fan. Looks like he's just
Never mind get through today and tomorrow will be another day
That's my hoe
This summer is so silly
it's a long shot but i say why not .
I have sex a lot with you in my head.
Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces
you right cus I don't want hoes I want a
yes....right this moment!
#FF Tx for lists, features, mentions, RTs
it was rowddy doe, but fuuck too tired
“When you gently throw your phone onto your bed and it decides to bounce off 3 walls, knock over a lamp, and kill a cat.”
with great to see you following on twitter.
It's not all about how you start but about how you end
Another day, another 3 Java updates for OSX Lion. Newest one includes a cleaner for Flashback
Dosha Salon Spa would love to host Grimm on a episode for a grimm story Repunzel!
yea we'll see about that
17-Your gorgeous!!! Ill ship yuu with Austin Mahone or Zayn!! (Look him up)
Cal would have fixed that quickly
Looking forward to Thursday's #highered event featuring Lawrence Bacow (Tufts Pres-Emeritus) discussing the financial crisis & HE!
Woes Hit Greek Basketball Economy | NetScouts Basketball netscoutsbasketball.com
I remember when came to our tinychat and he showed us his cat........ Upside down.
This stuff is RAMPANT these days M/T Shock after female teacher in Hemet accused of having sex with boy
Feeling the physiological response of shame or guilt is a good indicator that something needs changing in your life.
Thanks for the RTs :)
Innerneh seems to say he is Dennis Drinkwater, a fixture.
My advice to the Governor: You can't go wrong ordering the Vanilla Coke during Happy Hour.
At the end of the day, review your schedule and determine when you will spend time on your writing. Pencil that time in and respect it.
Enjoying the cooler temperatures of the evening, and looking forward to fall!
I need to get myself motivated to stick to the P90X schedule....
OMG PERUVIAN MOMS >> ANYOTHER MOMS
GHS at Acad Super Bowl so far FA team 3rd, Soc St 3rd, Math 2nd in class 3. Scores likely not good enough to adv to state. Eng team on now.
this news better be you won the lottery or something on that caliber or I'll be disappointed
ha well i hope lil bobby has accepted her name
I'm glad i'm getting my money this year because i got major moves to make.
Martin says, "Bless his heart."
According to the closed captioning screen at #pla12, RFK is against "sawed deArabian" oil.
S/0 to all my new followers I just followed yall back
RT : Just to confirm, FOX SIX will carry the #packers White House visit - LIVE, this afternoon. Scheduled for 1:30 Central time.
Reading Best American Poetry 2011 for class while the cafe blasts soft jazz is a rough start to the day.
It is difficult (not impossible) to carry a bulky pkg of matzos home on the bicycle without panniers or a rack. I need a rack...
Oh, and hope to meet your little bro when he gets to campus. Tell him to take some psych classes :)
Happy birthday me!
ok, thanks
I want to meet him so badly!!
I see you :) lol
you need to watch that. I'm starting book 2 probably in the morrow.
“: 6 dayss &* i will be out of west virginia.... :) ! #kingsisland”
Come down for great white and the captain at 10 tonight! Happy hour is 10-12, dancing time is 10-close!
I dig the flexibility and ease of creating plugins for gnome shell but I need something that just works now. Maybe later.
I may have to start following the characters via twitter.
Chicago REALLY deserves this. This was the first state they perfomed in, in the US, we need this!
Also featured at Target First Saturday: talks by and the creative team behind
except for the pants
great talking to you!
Good morning! Continuing my #writingsurvey: How early do yo start your creative process? Plz RT!
i dont think my babe is going to school, uh another day of not seeing him.... :(
I NEED SOME FOLLOWERS!!! Shout out looks good ;)
good to hear from ya...keep fighting the good fight!
I hate that this has been the best weekend of my life and now it's over... all that's left is Graduation.
I'm so dead tired
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
...Oh and Happy #SuperTuesday!
hey man, just got the masters in, sending you an email!
YOLO=(you only lose once)
": Mullin on Saturday's Peace Walk: The walk was very inspiring and well attended. #ssfcouncil"
RT : Dunbar's number says humans can only maintain 150 relationships. Avg number of Facebook followers is 130.
please follow me :) ?
Trend and RT if you agree!
another gem " I'm such a bitch, My New Year's resolution was to be bitchier"
So sleepy but can't sleep!
RT : BREAKING: Apple says Steve Jobs has died.
that should say FireWire not few
Fuck you t(-.-t) NO IT'S NOT! lmao. I seriously don't get it though, and text back! .
Although it does illustrate in principle that most people will give up privacy for a personalized experience
Do we want crew necks, t shirt or tanks?
I can't even imagine what that would be like
It's usually a good idea not to let ur flow get interrupted. But sometimes the universe has other plans for ur creativity. Be open to them.
Voting #SuperTuesday #Tennessee Polls close in :28 minutes.
GIVE ME YOUR HOMEWORK and I will go
I hate it when some plays with your heart. They play it all sweet and then they knock you to the ground. Wishing for that to change for me.
Thanks & for the PPC Aruba support!
LOL once again!!! Every time I hear this phrase I think of a song by Gackt called Last Song.
Just had a great breakfast at my favorite spot! Now on my way to forever 21 with my love (: 'citing!!! And maybe a movie!! Who knows?
The people you don't wanna talk to text back the fastest.
Tra-di-tion (noun) handing down of beliefs, customs, info., a continuing pattern. (Don't be defined only by tradition)
I did not realize it was raining... <U+E04B>
ohh you tell me that you love me then you go and leave me why you do this to me ? baby im LOVESICK !
With at Houston-Bush Airport. Headed to
Thank u John!!
did u do the minecraft code giveaway
I need new people to text.
Marissas house!! Leaving soon bc I am a but.
Hello, weekend!
The mothers of brave men must themselves be brave. --Mary Ball Washington
I've never "slept" with a girl, but I've fucked the fucking shit out of a few.
"All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream." -Edgar Allan Poe (born today in 1809)
Alli and Jake, or Alli and Josh?
FUCKING LOVE, LOVE, LOVE FU Betta! Amazing video, great hook (lyrically), sick beat.
Hey you! whats going on?
Robot penises
me and dante were talking about you today (;
First time out of the house since i got sick... And running to block buster;)
Just touched down in Atlanta whats poppin!
Thx. Waiting to hear back from my web guy. He usually fixes this before I ever notice... : )
You can't keep pleasing everyone.
wifi network is covered in blood
RT... lets see i just came into the house and everyone run out the back door,i go back outside and they locked me out
In 1988, I wrote a song called "I Can't Sleep." I'd be very happy to not be living it out right now....
Oh no!!! Thanks for guessing and I hope she gets better soon!!
together, we can.
Happy October 1st!!!
U going around talkin bout u gon fuck me up nigga I'll blow ya fuckin brains out nd put u In a body bagg
Hi there, we would like to give away a $100 Gift Card to The Legends as a promotion for www.gokc.com. LMK what we can do.
and the MVP of the game was #LaMichealJames. As if there was any quesiton who would get it.
I'll bet it's really hard for anyone with the last name of Zimmerman to get restaurant reservations! No shirt, no shoes, No Zimmerman.
lol yay we bout to see tonight
For the next 2 hours swing by Rialto Cafe and get the deal shown here: 50% off Bottles of Wine
Playing Jazz tonight at Cava Wine Bar Capitola Ca 7:30 pm - 11:30 pm.. Classics and Latin =) Matt Riley on Electric Jazz Bass
haha its so late now
thanks for the follow and support of
I'm done. Too much Twitter. Too much.
that's on my birthday! But really, shouldn't there be 250.000 pets for it to be a million paws?
why you love me really so so much im just kidding u know i feel the same she gigglez when she kiss me like..
Merry Christmas Quade. Ours hasn't arrived yet.
Is that video really designed to sell product?
Pleased to see #NACO as a Partner organization with #charactersunite. A great program raising much needed awareness on social injustice.
All praise the transit gods, fares be unto them.
Going to the moves with my friend Friday to see the #Avengers :)) so excited
"Not disappointed. Following U and because I love U, respect U and the work U do." ~ Solomon
are u mad at me since i made that apple comment :p need a mac for iphone development now!
Can't wait for Tuesday going to the set to tour it with and lunch with him& my momma Darlene & <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
bring it over and we will throw it in the fire pit
You guys are killer! Keep it up!!
What planet do parents come from anyway?
- LOL! Amazing how some still say that..
#Steve was 6 weeks ago!!??
Oh and yes, Go Futurama! All day suckas!
Thanks for replying! No worries though- you looked quite busy. ; ) Check out MademoizellMusic.com so you can play it next time!
S/O to the new follower!!!!
Josh Johnson is getting blooped to death. #Cards haven't hit much hard.
Many thanks, Geoff
My parents live to piss me off.
Of course the Munich airport has a sex shop in it.
will be down for St. Patrick's Day weekend hope I get to see you guys!!!
you'll have early morning classes in college too. Y'know
“: #AugustWilson is the only Afr American to have a Broadway Theater named after him. You will learn SO MUCH in the Lobby! Come!”
Thanks for the follow, guys!
thanks for the local support bro!
thanks for the retweet!
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts- Russell
RT : I'm worried I'm getting too buff... "good problem to have"
what's up with facebook's security certificate? https gets flagged.
You know when your infant has taken over when you have to "move out" your books from your home office to your work office in order to make …
,Hi Eddy I would like to know how to join with my food concession KONEZEE the Westchase Charitable Food thanks Lorraine at KONEZEE
this I'd supposed to be relaxing, not had this much stress since the top 40 as a kid on Sunday nights
you took me out your bio first kid so why would I keep you in mine.
I knew that piece was an overstep when I read it yesterday - A HUGE blunder by the NYT.
Going into a different directing phase w/my cast. Lets see what happens,im sure it will be very productive
Does anyone think Samuel L. would really last more than 20 seconds talking to Siri without dropping at least one MutherFucker?
Happy Arbor Day! Plant a tree!
Ravens? That's a really cool (and rare for your area) spotting!
"Remember, networking isn't hanging out with the famous and powerful. Networking is meeting your peers."
Someone go to this damn meeting for me.
Fashion & Following All
Having some fun tonight... Bill Shaffer from will ride his motorcycle INSIDE the Fox 9 studios for the news @ 9... can't wait!
Ain't even close wit half the nigga's I use to be cool wit, people change. fuck It.
Just punched out, but yet it's time to punch back in!
fuck it, just about done.
Starting #SDMayorNP closing remarks. Always good to hear candidates' ideas & love attention to this industry. Looking forward to recap(s)!
then evryone can be happy. Sorry maybe next series:)
Hahah Omg I remember x)
holy hell. I don't think it's on VC or e shop or anything so I'm screwed. Emulator, I guess
If you're into Flex development, check out my profile for new Flex related content
good lord my brother
Follow Me
French fry
The 5 love Languages: 1. Physical touch 2. Acts of Service 3. Gift Giver 4. Words of Affirmation 5. Quality Time
right i mean of course. although i wouldnt consider myself a girly girl and i like pinterest.
Thank u every one for wishing me a happy birthday much love to u all
seriously. they'll be the 1st ones claiming him once it snaps tho.
they didn't tell me any specific deadline so I assume it's not to late
as for Walker attacking Milwaukee. Criticizing record of Mke while Walker was county exec. So is he attacking his own record?
Love is an art, but not everyone is an artist.
has he checked out score.org? great resource for that...they also offer free consulting
I will never understand why people post unflattering pictures of themselves on Facebook
Got u :) RT : follow back please
Would like to travel back in time to the first tear of our species, shed by a monkey who was "totally making a big deal out of nothing."
": I'm about to go make a peanut butter sandwich or sumn"make me one.
Aw no. Fell better soon. Were I there I'd bring you some matzoh-ball shoup from Zabar's.
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Create a tagline or slogan that is catchy and describes your business.
My job is to keep people from wandering into the catering area. I'm like a smiling wall. #dcweek closing party
Who's this Amanda Knox character?
I'm gonna listen to one song and one song only the whole way to Chicago
For the next 2 hours swing by Stir Cooking School and get the deal shown here: Buy 1 Get 1 FREE ($55 off)
Morning, twitfam! Productive week ahead!
please RT for the HS girls in Philly! We will be holding our annual prom fair March 10, 17 & 24 in philly! BRAND NEW Gowns $10!
Nah, it's Peyton Manning, not Kyle Orton. Everyone gets that he's at the top of the food chain. If he can't play, fans won't be the problem.
i miss my daughter! I would do anything to be able to be in GUAM with her right now!
What do the internships entail? And how do I apply?
One hand washes the other , both hands wash the face No man is and island Meaning we need each other in life and we were designed that way.
A bi-polar caterpillar? Not someone you wanna date.
HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!!!! Hopefully 2012 will be better than 2011. Pity i have a final tomorrow scheduled by my school specifically to ruin it
Open for itself new houses into new houses into the new houses and new houses for sale in AOL Of real Of estate :-)
How is it that all of my SMTP servers are not responding? Could it have anything to do with adding an Exchange account yesterday?
Did the ground hog see his shado anyone?
Thank you Cara....You're WONDERFUL! BTW...I love your site & am tweeting about it & directing everyone there. Amazing!
happy tuesday hope you all had a good 4th of july!
Were going to be featured on for BROTHERLY BREAKDOWN FEST! Make sure to like them and follow em on twitter!
Were you able to list your items from your laptop? Let us know if there is any way we can help!
Hey Milwaukee! Time for brunch!
theres just somethin' bout whn your eyes full of emptiness, meet mine that tells me youre not happy with her, & you deserve so much more. <3
hey you
Vedge with Minty Anthill!! Beyond excited!!
LMAO yeah I meant "Oh damn it Brooks Conrad is starting!"
The Incredible Chulk!! What, too soon?
Hope and pray that Sporting KC can return to their winning ways! lol. I miss Schalke already!!
Thanks, bud! Hopefully, it has them thinking:)
Hanging with a old friend tomorrow super excited, we were best friends, inseparable, and I really hope we gain that friendship again. <3
The Echo will b giving away a pair of #Brewers tix every Wed starting Apr 4! RT this for a chance to win tix to the Apr 8 game vs the Cards!
Flattery will get you EVERYWHERE!
Pretty awesome fan video for , by a class of fourth graders from Busan. I'm impressed. (sharing soon)
Oh my, Adam Lambert's music is absolutely captivating, and his voice is so beautiful that it makes you want to cry.<33
Six Flags Was AWESOME Yesterday(: Faced My Fears ! :D
Forget politics, ALL children should have health coverage
Was it the kind of kale salad that requires rubbing each leaf individually? Possibly 20,000.
MT "too often we have been lied to the world is paying" YE
“: hey what's good nothing much bout to hop in the shower & get ready for work & you!!”better this morn! Just woke up
Thank you sharing and the mention!
Stupid asthma:/ i hate drs!
Excellent (salmon next time? shrimp, maybe?)!
climate control inside of trailer sitting in 100 degrees, sun, and smoke = unsuccessful
BTU inspiration: "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." ~George Bernard Shaw
U find any fun places
Wish I had missed Mayweather's last fight I stead of this one. It sounds like it was hella entertaining.
It's funny how people say halston is a unique name HAHAHA it's a freaking dogs name !!! Lol
in Digital Strategy sesh
City employees appear to have forgotten that citizens are in effect their "customers". How are you going to change this culture?
rockin the airwaves!
lol ok I got u
Even if one of the guys in Wellington told you that you wouldn't believe them?
nice job tonight in the anchor chair.
My day just started and I'm already tired
Dog chewed up my shoe so she's spending the afternoon in timeout. It appears she does not like this.
Guys... I don't get twitter. Who am I supposed to follow to get hella sweet info and dealzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz?
congrats on your launch of !
Getting ready to get off in a few and then heading to church...
I almost made that pie instead, but then I saw that ingredient was over $10/lb and changed my mind.
can I get in on those lessons? I was the one eating the dill chips all up in yo' faces yesterday, after all...
dang dude
Got my teeth whitened for an episode of "Project Reinvent Me" and gums are STINGING.
My nerves
I will pray for him (:
Aww man more sex tapes lol": Kim Kardashian is kleaning the skeletons out of her kloset!"
The 2010 was the most successful gala yet. TY 4 ur donations & support of HD!
Thanks -- Hope you have a merry christmas and/or happy holidays!
Who is the greatest rock star of all times? Accepting suggestions.
Just giving a shout out to my home girl because she deserves it. (;
Amazed. Photos of a family affected by cancer and lack of healthcare moving me more than the narrative. The power of pictures.
I can't wait to put this bass in yo face!!! -T
This one made me laugh, Jay! Hope all is well buddy.
look at this iggah doe so much determination doe
Done with weed
highly disagree. he's a very talented tv personality. just disagree with him here.
for some reason. I really want too talk too you about my problems. because i feel you're the only person that would understand.
Final exam done! One down, one to go.
my granny
Mm mother's day cupcake preparations!
They ass asking for cover letters,recomendations,...wtf this job is not that serious!
I love that the foreign policy that involves staying out of unnecessary conflicts oversees is the one seen as dangerous.
Sacramento area REALTORS? ...next time you preview or show be sure to check-in on facebook places & leave feedback!
I love boobies!
or perhaps a fishbowl? seems an appropriate format for #amc work.
Also thank you to Drew Snider for ending that nonsense.
I have a long summer ahead of me
hey Mindy...it takes a while to get used to twitter...you can't think of it like fb.It's all public, and it's much more fleeting
with ANOTHER
if it cured a disease, saved lives, hell yes I would. Knowing that I contributed to our world in that way would mean more than $
A look ahead to 2012 for employment, real estate and the economy in general for Oregon tonight @ 6 on KGW.
Oh no. :( Feel better soon!
How are the members of the #LTDArmy holding up with their New Years Resolutions a week+ in?
Date... Commitment... Marriage... Children...
do you have an English book? Or mrs lackey?
- has Oprah arrived?
Cool comfort for change
for sure most buzz - I still love my N64 :)
Exactly! These are meant to make people think. Maybe it sounds like I'm making excuses? Nice pic!
I vote Uncommon Grounds.
Playing small ball over always trying to hit a home run is the way go, for you have a 98% better chance of winning! Go with the odds!
Happy St. Paddy's day! I'm hoping the luck of the Irish brings me some money via the scratch offs I will purchase today at the Hey Hey.
thanks for the love from Thailand!
“The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.” – St. Augustine
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET REVIEW: HDE 7" Tablet Stand with USB Keyboard - Black Faux
RT : ladies you aint really ballin if you on gov. assistants >>*assistance* This is so true... Should go without saying! lol
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
I am looking for a large sized Lever Belt but it's out of stock on your site. Any idea when a new batch will be available?
Please take a moment to visit our booth if you are attending and say "Hello" to KC Smith @ booth# 232.
Do you do paid tweets or endorsements? Email me
I really liked Diana up until this point. Fail
Ok, tomorrow is a new day. And it will be awesome! Or else I'll punch it in the throat.
If Wikipedia does a blackout tomorrow, how am I supposed to figure out the name of that guy who was on that show?
It's hard to believe he beat out a million other sperm.
I know it's my job and it'll happen a lot, but I giggled today when CNN called me.
it was a easy suspension for him. Giroux is a flyer. Can we define what is a clean hit anymore with inconsistent suspensions?
The Oh Group is at the Texas regional conference at the Omni hotel hosted by GDAACC. Should be a great conference for international busines…
If followed me, my life would be made (:
The bachelor bores me..
Making birds custard...not instant, nightmare
hey I'm always just a tweet away
augmented reality is weird.
New #pdxmayor poll.RT results of poll we did w/ Some surprising numbers- 11pm & in O Tue.
A great way to end the week: RIT Entrepreneur Conference. Amazing energy and optimism.
The question is whether you'll find a Metro station that has fully-functioning escalators.
Well, duh.
isn't Sanchez off the 40 man? Maybe it's not worth clearing a spot for him?
the revolutionary idea that what you put in your body will have an outcome, positive or negative...just like investing money
Time to hit a buffet for Lunch, here I come Chicken Fried Rice!!
J.J. Hickson with a nasty dunk in the 4qtr of the Blazers/Clipps game!
Balls in the air no games im serious
bend over!
good thing the industry as we know it is dying
JUST WHEN YOU THOUGHT HE WAS OUTTA GAS HE COMES BACK STRONG RT : The strangest big animal is still the camel.
As spoiled as Pittsburgh fans are (super spoiled), I will be rooting for them tonight. Have Pens vs. Canucks in Cup Finals with Pens winning
GRAB N MY TICKS 2 N.Y. 4 AGENDA SHOW ! DAM IT"S GONNA BE SO GOOD 2 BE HOME 4 AWHILE & CHILL WIT MY PEEPS !! HUSTLE & GRIND !!
Subway song
LMFAOOO omfg yes he worked at the paintshop i live right night to ~~~ HEHEHEHE
I'm impressed!
thanks sir (and thx all, who made it wonderful, when not hell)
": on cross bronx right now it's HELL!!!!"right behind you bro
Ace Boogie is a real nigga
Rookie ;) I just love the way wine tastes on that fresh palate in the morning.
Being as productive as I can be. Which is to say, not very.
People just can't seem to grow up and stay in their own business!
what the fuck are you guys talking about?
Evan Cohen sounds like an idiot on radio right now - sounds like a whiny punk. Wa, wa....stop talking about Spo.
its ok i think its cute my mom is only 4'9" she says she's fun size lol don't know how I ended up 6'1" got lucky I guess lol
I just read it takes $141,037.97 a year to maintain Jennifer Aniston's "look". That's just ridiculous! Um...what about a charity?
Glen Campbell was my very first crush!! I was about 4!!
Woo Hoo! Good Luck Everyone! RT : last minute preps! Baaaammm!!! Live shows here we go!
Well will be worth it. Promise :)
Mission City Cat Show this weekend 8111 Meadow Leaf 410&Marbach just inside the loop.
. on now at mojave tent !!
hopefully soon. You're at...?
Helping my dad with his race car(:
oh lol sorry
The only thing keeping me awake is that weird buzzing feedback. Yawn.
good morning - coffee - be thankful for ideas
hey was up Danny yeah this play is a good as is gets Uconn -5.5 .
I wish they delivered to chicago
Come to #ReserveLounge 2nite to see H-toWNS OWN & Florida's OWN of LaBelleMafia PERFORM LIVE*
Drove 2,600 miles across America and did not pay one toll!
Any bold predictions about Lebron's return to Cleveland tonight? I'm goin with if Cavs win - Spoelstra gets canned before midnight.
Guess he wasn't ready for that one lol
:O what website?
4 hours of sleep and pop up FNO tonight. I am going to need espresso!
Last month, TPS submitted articles for clients on topics ranging from the basics of color to disaster recovery.
They're from the middle ages and were actual armed guards ensuring a minimal level of salad bar cleanliness
i was talkin bout the rockets, was rooting for them.
Google seems to be creating a virtual computer across "everything." Not easy but that could be Scott McNeely dream delayed.
I love Nick when he blushes! So cute! ;)
uncomfortably anxious to see how expensive gas will be . . . .
im addicted to Flan and i dont know why
whens the new album coming out dude??
omg im such a bad online friend will tweet you a lot form now on
Everyone's got different things they hide behind or try to be.
Learned from my kids today that the Easter Bunny poops jelly beans. Who knew?
Just felt a little shake at the D&A office in the FiDi! Did you feel it?
rain would make this day a lot more better.
First round of our conference tourney was today at 130. We r the #10 seed v. #7...we won by one, yeah Mustangs!
DO NOT TALK TO THE COPS
Um not only have my followers stayed but they've gone down!
hi there
Thanks so much for the post - so glad to see you have something up and going - can't wait to hear more about the business!
: Hunting went well...Today's Special: Slow Roasted Sirloin French Dip with a Rosemary Red Wine Au Jus...GET SOME!
Studies almost always show.
I'm doing it to be fit, not to lose weight. :P well, maybe just a pound or three.. So are you Yvette!!
Thanks! although it was simpler to arrange than you might imagine
I never thought of this before, but the term "deceleration" is pretty vague, isn't it? How would you define it?
a lot of people were surprised of Dooling's dunk last night, Kenyon has always been a great dunker, don't fool yourselves...
we'll catch u guys next time. wants sushi. :)
Nikki love that comment about eating! Gay men feel the same! XO
doing well man, can't complain. Congrats on the release. How you livin?
Hope they'll end up saying, "I've fallen and I can't get up!" :)
RT being fly is about how u carry urself n who u are inside
And the fun times begin
Morning all!!! Time to take care of BUSINESS.....
lots of legal speak and no one knows what their obligations are as app developers
well played, miss. Well played.
PLEASE HELP US! We got hacked and lost all our followers! Can we have a shoutout please!
I believe I'm making the switch tomorrow... Actually the appointment to switch. Can I cancel if I hate it?
SOPA/PIPA bills got dropped by Congress. Now we don't have to worry anymore, right?
: "You just can't change the world if you drink coffee with victims all day. (Mindsets are contagious)."
The Blues Brothers' version of "Soul Man" just came on Pandora. What a great way to start my Friday!
Soo I just cut my hair and got bangs not soo sure if I liked them or not oh wells
Its crazy! tweets as soon as i put in #neversaynever. Will he finally notice me? -&&B.{5}.A.{28}.F.{11}&&
Just saw an awesome doc - Lessons from a Tailor (it's only 8 mins and worth a viewing). Thanks for the DVD!
“: none at all. They have about as much offense as Louisville does” Del negro to blame. They should be a lot better
LA VIDA tonight on Sunset and Gower! 6 month limo anniversary! Let's make it a good night :)
Probably no one else in the world is as good at destroying teenage girl crushes as I am with my self-made math questions.
Showing Puss in Boots right now...forgot how hilarious this flick is.
I've been seeing more "Demand the note and get a free house!" Would love to see a post to refer people to on that as well!
It feels like summer outside, I love it :)
God Bless John Gomes. He knows TALENT!
BETTER put on a good show tonight.. Can't wait haha (((((:
you know my ex girlfriends?
Hm? Blocked number calling me... Wonder who that may be?... ;p
Congrats to Angie McLarty! Winner of our Mother Knows Best Contest & a $100 Eat Out In Gift Certificate! Thanks to all who entered!
Jealous! Shuck one real good for me.
They're all up for me
:( #TrueStory RT always looks at me then looks down:p I'm ugly:(
if she's never squeezed your head with her legs so hard that your ears popped, you dont eat pussy
they tried, but I refused to have my face be reshaped for the part. Can't hide my beauty <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084>
Bears, Beats, Battlestar Galatica #the office
and just blew me away!
hi Prudence and welcome to our twitter stream!
Have we recovered a progressivism that's larger than the democratic party?
the tongue? with all that glam? courtney you're incurable!!!
I believe one man's dream is another man's nightmare.
Gary Oldman deserves an Academy Award in the catagory "most times you'll shit your pants because he's so consuming."
Received email advertising a local bakery w/ phrase "jogging suit" Really? More like Lulus people + no running reminder w/ carbs, ok?
aw thanks you're sweet :) you're one of my special tweeps as well I always look forward to hearing from you ;)
but still, think about Pedro. Trade EVERYONE except Alvarez
OMG AW.<3 YOUR ICON IS DA BEST.
i know but I'm not gonna finish /:
Its a Kold Reality, thats why we call the crew that!
Jesse and Finn so awkward lol
hello back at ya! rt hello :)
Hell Yeah...Ive been voting already! ;)
delicious lunch today: pesto, goat cheese and roasted chicken on a baguette!
Rooting for the Orange even though I don't have them to win the whole shebang.
New York will always remember Hello Nasty...part of our collective consciousness.
Thanks for stopping by! DId you enjoy it?
Colored Jeans -- hot or not?
So over classes. Where are u summer??
I can barely move my joints
which is when?!!
Hey the are whipping the Bulls!
have to go Dutch today, in Belgium….
ight u got the upper hand for now lol
Any long/awful week is made better by spending time at the Men's Shelter. Seriously, it's probably my fav. place in Charlotte.
chewing wax lips:P
happy birthday rock you are the best
At some point in your life if you're lucky you throw practicality to the wind and;start living - Dan Hansen
This weird ass dude came into my job today. He asked if he happened to see me in the park someday if we could play a game of chess. lmao?
is watching #sweetgenius. How did it take so long to come up with this show?
Oh geez. Dirty minded. The ice cream was cold. Lol. Fooly.
let's go out of town
when are you coming back?
Your so sweet! you bring a great fresh personality to the show! i'm always on your side! =)
Heck yeah!! From Insanity to the X!! Such a great program.
Puns and clever wordplay are almost certain to sabotage your marketing message.
The world feels far to full of people fueled by fear rather than joy. All I want is simple, pure joy.
Nothing says Wisconsin like fantastic Fish Fry! Come and join us Milwaukee!
Hey, your sobriety is showing. Or wait maybe it's just mine. Fuck nightclubs.
This lotion smells like a chocolate scratch n' sniff sticker!!
Modern church is lacking in the supernatural because very little of our worship includes the fear of the Lord
Still trying to decide if I survived Christmas shopping this past weekend. Haven't found a pulse.
The Greek place owned by Egyptians has better cheesesteak than the Indian place owned by Nepalis.
well howdy there, sis
Well there are certainly worse things to wake up to :)
Glad Holland Cotter won a Pulitzer. For a long time, he was the only one in Asian art criticism who did more than rewrite press releases.
When it comes to business the only thing more fun than "start-up" is planning one. Oh the possibilities.
Mary Jane? Yeah that's my bitch!
Just signed the petition!
Oh damn, Henry Rollins be mad at you.
uggggg I hte u when I'm not on u r on!!! And when I'm on ur not on!!!! Lol
ditched the pad :)
Brand new South Africa blog, www.suddenwalk.com First up: The Kennedy speech that (sort of) started it all.
I concur. Opening the bridge between 9-10am is @$$ing up my every morning.
Yes. & I don't blame them. Watching these debates = my 1 guilty pleasure. More idiocy than Jersey Shore+Mob Wives combined
Great quote to start your Thursday! "Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goals"
which means no iTunes either
#PrizesOnAHoodGameShow Get out of jail free card
My new favorite quote: Don't cheat the world of your contribution...give it what you've got!
Fuck you and that great save
I have been listening to ur song 11:11 all day and I just luv it!!!<3
Lets see if i can persuade my class that track & field is cool and diverse.
Great ASTD ICE 2011! Amazing keynote, great sessions, and as always, fantastic colleagues reconnected with and new friends met! Thanks ev…
going to play with my triplets
Und war ist du "Valhalla"? (Yes, bad German I'm sure) - points south?
MEETING WIT @ COMMON GROUNDS COFFEE SHOP ....NETWORKIN ...
Ah so stressed out!! All I want to do is curl up in a ball and pretend the world doesn't exist
I now have something to look forward to on Wednesdays= WANTED WEDNESDAY, thanx for making my Wednesdays Awsome!!
Tough way to end, but still great to be a Florida Gator. Beal please stay!!!!
i am in for a pumpkin carving night! ill go to none such farm market this weekend!! did you hear jose garces was there this week?
#SKINS WRITERS GROUP is official! We are going to offer year round support to our skins writers.
A big storm moved through Murray last evening, was south of my house but we did at least get some rain from it, some trees & bldgs damaged.
we hope so! Thanx! Come visit our store when your in downtown!
What are your plans for festivities on this St. Patty's Day?
starting a monday with a morning meeting with your tax accountant is a buzz kill.
Lol, this has been a good morning.
r you coming here
Hotter than hot in the apt tonight, good luck sleepin
JSB: "If you read Wikipedia the way you read Britannica, you will be screwed."
Loved photos of Columbia Protecting Science & Industry. Who protects the art? Immersed in "Age of Wonder" Thanks!
Group power class....all weights
Next week The Wanted get's Punkd o yeah i'm so excited!
aw thank you!<333
try the Flatt Cola, it's delightful.
We're so happy for everyone starting programs abroad! You're going to have so much fun :)
love that movie!
“: I can call a walk a "hike." I can call a table a "hike." ”and you can call your friend a kike
Made the switch to Scandal.
Special happy birthday shout-out to my radiant sister Have a ball today! <3
BREAKING Colo. House committee advances civil unions bill, overcoming biggest obstacle to becoming law.
Apparently I was found asleep on my hands & knees last night. It was a good night.
Thanks! Email me you address and I'll mail you a set. Contact me through my website: www.wilsongraphics.net
Absolutely! But how do we do it on a local level- bring it to Chicago?
At 87 so far (doing this while I'm supposed to do homework) LOL
Note 2 Compliance officers et al, the DOJ's proposed guidance may not be much. Read each DPA & NPA & follow the leaders in the space!
Gotta get that Bobby Valentino- Vitamin V
in 2 hours and 20 minutes, i'll be a senior. #SchoolFlewByQuick :(
No AMARE = Better Knicks. Saying it for weeks. More rebounds, energy, better D. Stat clogs everything up & he is LAZY!
What time yall on?
Great meeting you tonight at the !
And right now I'm reading Mercy by Jodi Picoult
So if Kobe goes 9/26 tonight, what will everyone say?
playing mayor's assistant in upcoming IFC comedy show "Portlandia". That's just wonderfully weird.
Without friends no one would choose to live, though he had all other goods. - Aristotle
my point was that in Tebows case he gets extra +/- pub because of how polarizing he is & that's because his outspoken beliefs
All Beverage Pouch Sweatshirts are still on sale for $19.99 until February 1 at www.brewcityonline.com
zombie invasion run bitch run
I miss you too :) haha we all are coming down in April for RIcky's wedding tho
Goodnight twitter(:
#AFS11 robert baron believes that the us can learn from japan re: facilitating local support of traditional arts
No, It runs for awhile. Not sure of end date.
I'm thinking more in terms of R&D, pharmaceuticals and equipment.
#HOWLive #nkotb double rainbow across the sky. Winning.
happy one to u..always a pleasure!! Need to chill for real!!
Jokes that he is the only one in the media who qualifies as a senior! Great way to start the evening!
coming home next week lol
Blue sky and sun is back in London!
I want to ride on Llamas.
Goin to bed
anybody been to lisbon before?
I am tired,beloved,of chafing my heart against the want of you; of squeezing it into little ink drops,and posting it.--Amy Lowell
dude, we are just having a blast. Leaving shortly though... sad day.
yeah man the vagina trees.thats what we refer them as.
I'm ready to go home when is 4:00 comin
i hate when you still have feelings for your ex and you can tell they have none..
HOLD ON. You mean Lena Dunham is NOT Jeff Dunham's ventriloquist doll?
": .<---- finally turning 18 on Monday!"
How do you say ed sheeran? I always feel like I'm saying it wrong and I never know..
so nice to meet you! Can't wait to rock #austin with you!
I hate to see you go, but I love watching you walk away
The president just dissed Kim Kardashian. Best thing ever.
Great stadium? Great game? PG next? We just left the Folsom / EG game.
doesnt want to follow me ;(
Do you want me to say "Hi" to for you? He is the keynote speaker this morning. Miss you!
That awkward moment when someone thinks your going out with your expirement partner
That's so nice! Too bad I suck at dancing...
Gave a listen for the first time thanks to a social media recommendation from a friend. He's right: Katy Perry x F+tM
Such a long day at work :(
that's hot. Hahahahaha
It would work with reactive views that received messages that caused transitions
BE CAREFUL out there! Some very realistic looking phishing emails from "LinkedIn" in my inbox this morning... Don't click!
I'm never gonna leave this bed.
Much love, back at ya!
Tomorrow is picture day at the college so I'm pretty excited but I know I gotta look good tomorrow hehe
Is it 1978?
Get it, babe!
thanks for coming with me :)
love your new pic!!!
Hopefully it won't be a Manic Monday.:)
Chicago's own George Howe wrote the music to Arnie the Doughnut heading to NYMF in July. We are so proud! Follow
so cute.
still wrestling with Quicken, which simply does not work.
My sis walking in with kitten heels on sent me in to a ROARING laughter. Thanks!
thank you! hope Moscow starts to warm up soon.
I have a new found respect for the athleticism of strippers.....not the profession but fitness level.
Going to be joining my 1st KM chat. Heads-up followers. Tweet stream ahead.
love the valentines!! Such a sweet and unique way to send some love <3
bummer. Where are you going to pick up guys tonight?
Get well soon
sounds good!
Getting really excited to preach this message Sunday at ! #Questions #WhatsNext?
she may not have gotten death penalty, but her conscious will kill her, eventually.
thank the lawwwwd! (:
brilliant. Now, you're thinking. I think it's a cause with $1, so $999,999 left to go.
Have a great time and thank you for your support!
<U+FFFD>Corporate SEO is largely about trimming away the fats and fully leveraging the assets you already have
how many games will be missed? Prediction? “: Nope. RT Gut feeling... do you think the NBA season gets cancelled?”
"The genre becomes theory; online community becomes the source of the theorizing impulse"
or u can just buy blonde dye to make ur hair ombré that's what I did a few Days ago and it turned out Nice
The fact that you're going to college soon freaks me out to no end...
"Social Media Is Not A Checkbox" - Great post from via
I haven't checked the weather, but if you get cold I'll warm you up
Champ'SoL Sports is seeking interns in Chicago, NYC & LA Please send resumes to
I LOVE Snow! :D but when I can't get to Dylan's candy bar, we have a problem ;)
hm... I have a thing until 8ish. Drat. Maybe next time?
What do we lose when we lose a language? Every 14 days or so, another language is lost to history.
In my experience those perceiving the people problems are where the problem actually lies.
mention me :)
HELLO! WE LOVE ART!
Exhibit A: "The legal hotline is up -- write this number on your body" ": I hope we're much less creepy than that."
Young Americans
Concierge event tonight! Beauty Outlet on 41st catered by Benjamin's + Mama Mia on broadway. So excited.
walking in the parade this morning. so. tired.
The Spanish American War..... oh how i hate history
It's Teacher Appreciation Week. I would love to find my grade school music teacher to say thank you.
Needs a stress ball right about now, or a punching bag with your fucking face on it!
or maybe it was an actual photo from the xmas party...
Was eating pizza outside Dominique Strauss-kahn's place yesterday. Mid-bite I look up and see him and anne Sinclair walking up the sidewalk
this when y'all can end the group shit lol
RT : Exploring Thoughts: there are so many talented artists & I officially live in DC's coolest neighborhood.
bought 2 in store yesterday. Now wondering case price for Lello Douro?
Georgetown-Scott County 911 is reporting slick road conditions and several minor non-injury accidents due to flurries. Drive with caution.
ha I'll get to that one soon
Stay tuned our relaunch is coming soon! And at a very critical time of year! Contests, Giveaways, and much more!! WhooHooo!
stop stealing my bitches!!
yes I think so but Garnett is having a solid game
i think you have been hacked. Your twitter keeps sending me these messages about working from home. Please fix this.
Did u make a wish? RT : Just saw a shooting star!!
I'm so glad I'm not one of your clients.
my point is I give a fuck and mind your own bussiness ! ! !
not a fan of 3D movies really
Going to go have lunch at Google's Venice office.
You should def check out Foursquare though. I think it's a good thing. You can create campaigns w/it.
I don't like NFL football. But the season is just starting and already Eagles mania has raised it's ugly head. For this week..... Go Rams!
Q: The dream you want the most? The perfect life I guess, happily married to my future husband.
You are gorgeous!!!
yup. The young chef in me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Next person to say "ok" in the middle of a conversation is probs gonna get <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>in the <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A7>
The new book looks great, count me in!
His sleeve is retarded anyways
true story girl..men r so guilty of this
Tired getting ready for bed. Birthday was pretty good. pc4pc
follow my new page please thanx
does it be ok like im trying to have a good time lol
OMG ADVENTUREDOME LETS GO I HOPE THE INVERTER AND SLINGSHOT ARE FINALLY FIXED
My fb posts aren't about you and neither are my tweets, stop being paranoid and get over yourself
my mom just came in my room and basically told me to try and stop coughing. Ok goodnight
i'm officially roping you into my film production. ALSO, i failed again - my Joey M sighting yielded no good photos.
ok now cross the street at the light, go down the stairs by the Walgreens, turn right, into the Billy Goat and get a
NWS: TRAINED WEATHER SPOTTERS REPORTED A TORNADO 2 MILES SOUTHWEST OF GREENWALD...OR ABOUT 3 MILES NORTHEAST OF ELROSA.
Of all lessons my mom has taught me, how2love what u dont understand is most important, she may not get me but I never doubt she loves me
yes sir . Salute big brah ! We taking off
Sleep tight > RT : Time to get my beauty rest & prepare my liver for tomorrow :)
Finally got a smart phone. May be better about updates here.
WHATCOULDGOWRONG?? RT museum conference reception at a Maker lab... #randomthought #mw2012 yes! Solder + alcohol = win!
Bout to smoke some spice lol on some last resort type shit
follow back
Wow! Last weekend was cool. This weekend not so cool. Can't wait for October busy month for sure.
Now that's an attractive woman!
When is elizabethton's graduation??
actually three times now.
Im gunna work out hard tonight! I want to be thin!
“: More than 110 billion tampons have been sold since 1936.” that's a lot of moody chicks
ah the pour house...brings me back to my berklee days. Thanks for reminding me I used to be fun.
Top 10 Excuses Given This Week - Why My Tween Shouldn't Have to Read While on School Break. Let's review:
I'm too grown to have a crush smh
DRINKING SO JUICE
I hope you get it fixed ^^
&#39;Are HEAD tennis rackets cheap?&#39;, belindacallin&#39;s blog message on ...
thank you!!! It's an honor!
woo u did it!
Email ids of faculty and equals are provided to students in online education programs to clear doubts. Enroll in a certified course
Haha! Love the hashtag!!! Big Thank You!!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Andre Cole °Rising 8th °Princeton, NE °Travel Team: Central Jersey Future Stars °Point Guard 5’8
was it sleep or passed out on you living room floor?
Decisions, decisions...
Muchas Gracias to and as well.
An HR Rep and the District Manager for Speedway, LLC are here looking for district manager trainees in multiple locations.
other than you are fuckin awesome, why should we vote for you?
#Dedication RT Legit spent 7 hours studying for the math final with
Going to get my ass kicked at
follow back
Folk missed the kick and the Broncos offense heads to the field
Oh Yo No! What the heck is going on?!
That is a great one!
Dear girls, don't be hoes. That shit is extremely unattractive.
ha! That's actually what I drink for breakfast in the morning! it's good! Hope you feel better babe. Ps...that looks horrifying.
Hey Jenny. Thanks for stopping by my talk. Let me know if you're around today.
Man that nigga is broke
Performing tonight at the Warfield Theatre in San Francisco.
Chapter in the Barron's Book, and then Bed.
Need sum ink quick
We love that warmer weather means grilling season starts! Spray Barrel Aged Balsamic Vinegar on your kabobs instead of using a marinade!
you can't afford it.
In Nashville at the beautiful Hilton in Brentwood...on our way to a business dinner with my producers!! Yay!
I'm really sorry that he actually just spelled your name like that. “: ur a heat fan that's a joke later gellis”
You can't win them all, but it hurts to see our Brew Crew losing 8-0 at Wrigley.
If your girl or guy acting stupid for no reason.... #fuckem and then #fuckem ... Make them feel guilty for acting stupid in the 1st first
#mla12 #s305 Nick Brown:arts have no interest in dispensing with institutions that preserve their status as something more than e.g. design.
You can drink other things like tea haha, that's healthy too. :)
"Heaven and Earth and I live together, and all things and I are one." ~Chuang Tzu, China
you can tell her she stupid for that. Or I will for you.
Just went to an empty field to create, practice, and learn...
Our family bought 30 mega lottery tickets. Let's do this.
Urgh! I wish today was MY Friday.
Looking for good resource scheduling (rooms, carts, etc.), preferably cheap or free. Anyone got a rec? #plpnetwork,
a beautiful day and I have to work inside
I'm sorry guys. I'm not making any promises, but I'm going to try REALLY hard to keep up with my twitter.
It still amazes me that some people don't know the difference between Michelle and Mitchell.
NEXT GAME!!!!
Come see USC PBP announcer Pete Arbogast at the sportscasting jobs seminar in L.A. next week. htt://www.sportscastingseminar.com
Congrats to Silas Sallier,he's going to see 'Men In Black 3' monday 5/21 at the United Artists Galaxy 14
RT You're welcome! : Great tix for tonight's #spursgame thank you
We're sorry to hear about this, please email us at we'd like to look further into this for you.
How's it shaking, ? I'm still sad I missed you at #socon12. Damn laser tag injuries!
is a meanie who is blackmailing me for my jlo bag :p * cry cry cry *
yeah bro. Let's go get some soon. They are delicious. I am craving one.
What you are going through now is only preparation for where you're going. Pay attention the lessons!
If Tia and Pooch leave The Game i'll never watch it again...and the show would be shit without them
i need/want more Mahomies following me. more want than need tho(:
Everyone should go follow hes super funny!!!! and he's #TeamUnicorn (;
Yo just read your interview, and watched the clip of you tearing it up, and seen you live before, TURN IT UP! Never stop man.
Time for dinner....BBS!
In Marquette Branch Prison, the percent of inmate-on-inmate victimized in 2007 was 2.2%. The staff-on-inmate victimized was 5.3%.
"Nothing so conclusively proves a man's ability to lead others as what he does from day to day to lead himself." ~Thomas J. Watson
If Heaven Wasn't So Far Away, I'd Pack Up And Go Visit For The Day.
you don't need luck your awesome ;)
"This one is for all the girls in light blue dresses,breaking mens hearts,and creating big messes..."
oh i know! i as lookingtrough my favorites yesturday and that tweet ws tere. im sad tho cause i didnt favorite the war tho!!!
. An LRB print subscription got me access to the full archive back to 1979!
Streamers for game 1, I'm gonna go ahead and call that a bit.....pre-mature.
Happy Birthday, Marelisa
My grandparents have a special handshake !!! Cute old couple I hope I have one some day!!!(:
WON #FASHIONSTAR aw she's perf x but still love s0rryyyy xx
Still doing these kinky twists :(
Bryan Cranston is unreal, every episode and season only gets better and better.
I think google should make a chip to put in your ear. Once you press the chip. You can speak on what you want google to search.
As Blues is to Rock, Cuban Rumba is to Latin Jazz. The real deal at Radio Habana 1109 Valencia SF every 2nd+ 4th Sunday 2-6pm Bring FOOD
Seriously, in the 3 hours it will take me to get to FDP conv. 20 miles from my house, I could be at Miami casino hotel. #Disney=epicfail.
Oh hell yeah there's a recess marathon on!
Dear Maine. Epic Fail.
just said same thing... Makes me Ill. NCAA must fix that. Leave timeouts to hoops and down time to baseball
Lowkey I want to play the number game..
You know what why do I have to go to South Carolina every time I miss it? It should come to me every once in a while
#kianfacts Can you follow me ? :)
lerkin at cars...you fill me
Thanks to everyone who stopped by The Center's booth at The Savannah Center yesterday!
Off to crown in vegas
“: Robert Huber tosses a complete game in a 5-3 Duke win over Maryland!!!” way to go Berto!!!
I actually like the Pauly D Project way better than Jersey Shore
Yeah den 17. :D
I AM PROUD OF MY VIRGINITY. bitch.
. I could go for a fresh fucking pot right now...FRESH POTS!
Damn I feel like a artist with all these colors
Followed(: and I'm tryin not to cry that pic was on Facebook and my mom would kill me if she knew I had a pic of me on twitter
You Greek,Michelle?
#americanidol I'm satisfied with this week bit really miss erika van pelt.
My sweat is turning pink from my red hair at the gym.
Well done watching my movie well nothing 2 do at 3am but go to sleep
I can hang after the 20th. I am all work, no play 'til then. Miss you gobs!
Saturday night #theplacetobe is for the #World Finals! For Table reservations contact 702-418-9779
*waits for goodmorning mentions*
UPDATE 1-Senate votes put Fed board at full strength
Ending the night with the NBA playoffs.
Dear Valentine, I really wanna go to the opera. And I want you to wear a red dress
I just realized I left my mirror on the back of the door in my Orlando apt....
Blah. Why do I keep stumbling over my words, making my sentences sound like I'm attempting to do some weird accent? >.<
still pretty damn good in my book!
Just talked with Joe Berardo, president and CEO of , about the impact of #healthcarereform and he provides tips for
Weird timing.
Crazy how dreams work...dreams are #lowkey powerful...just 1 of those things that are unexplained
Why is it I can't sit on a patio in Austin without an inconsiderate smoker blowing his 2nd hand smoke in my face?
so glad I quit FB. Happier about it every day.
What a horrible day to have off this sucks ass. I wish I was working. Its such a waste for me
for THE REVOLUTION concert with !
Had a wonderful meeting with my composer yesterday - getting so clear about the album! YES!
Fall Fundraiser! Oct. 17 Tickets $12. Auction at 6pm. Show at 7pm. More info...
Thanks Rachel! Just an FYI we are having a grand opening celebration mid-may. Stay tuned for more details!
Last call for alcohol!! who came up with thats shhh?? Anyway
I could sit on twitter and watch the game show network literally all day. so i think that's exactly what im going to do
Thanks Bro.! Hope all is well in AB RT : Shout out to Hope you are doing well !!
Is beginning to think 32 oz of iced tea before bed was a bad idea. I'm officially old.
i always get sleepy round dis timee
Sounds about right... QT : A few years to enter all licenses into ERM?!
Thought I just saw Ryan O'Neil in a Logan's Steakhouse commercial.
Is it me or do #spurs pass too much in front of goal?
I'm not sorry I don't like your music.
Thanks for the #ff! Blessings and peace to you.
WOW! Seven events to cover this Saturday!!!! Making sure I wear my comfy shoes:)
Finished up the last of the Christmas albums this week!
No biopsy today just more meds. Waiting to see what happens.
Rindfleisch used to live by a Catholic Church. It's a miracle that lightning didn't kill everyone!
eating some creamy ice cream..
me to!!! I love how big an glitzy they are
that was so much fun! Can't wait for our next play date!
Back from Gold Beach. Open today! Reindeer, Raindear, Reigndeer!!
of course but u would be a homie not a hoe lol hahaha
Thanks to all of my friends for making me feel loved
Just went 20 minutes out of my way for no reason....SMH
Trust is like glass. Not easily made, but easily broken. When it is broken, it will never be the same.
pulp fiction!!
Crossed OIAs of the list; Now STATE... then Graduation .
Anybody interested in Texas In July?
Excellent. _brent_long lost his car keys. Made for an interesting 2am call to A.
Someone keeps stealing cars and parking them in our parking lot. Annoying.
Who wants to go get manicured tomorrow? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+263A>
oh SWEET! With the #CAG no less. Makes me want one now haha
QoTD: "Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up." (Unknown)
Just passed a dude in Central Park who was running bare foot
Big East > Big Ten, just saayyyyinnnggg
had a dream I was in a toiletpaper fight on a train. looked up the interpretation &found nothin. #anytakers?
Thank you for following along
I'm down for a tweet up!
you know it!
If someone, smiling, gives you a pine cone, it would be nice if you sign their cd
RT : Giving out tickets for the 7th ANNUAL TONYC SUMMER JAM tonight at KLUSOZ! Be there!
your just jealous
Watching Power Puff Girls!!!!!
#Grammys off to a good start. Hope it doesn't get maudlin and stays classy.
I remember some jabroni wouldn't fill in for me at work that day. Who could that person be??
One of my students showed up with a printed model from his new home 3d printer. . . so cool. He's just gonna teach himself 3d cad.
RT : Join us and our guest speaker of at 6 p.m. in COM 106!
well apparently I win this round....as usual. You have to be getting tired of this by now?
it's a dog eat dog world ya know... This life wasn't meant for tall odd looking useless horse creatures
that's for sho
NBC I want to watch gymnastics. Stop talking about football scandals
hmm, interesting, what did you think I meant? Must be you! :P
hi ;d
Thanks for the mentions!
Riding my new bicycle...wheeeeee!!!!!!
lol did not
Been addicted to my new phone: the HTC inspire with the Android OS.
ehh these people are playa-haters. They don't know what they want. But when America is around, it's gimmee-gimmee-gimmee!
KJR reporting Jim Mora has been fired at Seahawks head coach
somebody told me that jean grae was on friday -- it's tonight though! at the uwmilwaukee gasthaus! she's coming out of hiding...
Super score at the Ballard Goodwill yesterday! TWO Nordic Ware mini bundt pans for $11...TOTAL!
just dont want to- too much to do and sleeping is a waste of time!
Thought you would want to know that a #weller,Alexandria, () has died because of bullying.
Tom Waits, Miles Davis, Nick Drake
Part of me wants to leave this city behind but another part of me doesn't wanna. . .
DO NOT WISH TO BE ANYTHING BUT WHAT YOU ARE! Well... ok then. PDRR Man IS 24/7 Mitigation 'n Restoration 'n Reconstruction Services! Yay!
Not gonna happen! We are gonna whoop that ass tonight
I adore ! Beautiful performance..gotta scoop his album. Javier-you & need to get together..check him out! :)
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.:) i love u
I saw spot. Yay!
happy birthday I hope you have an amazing day you truly deserve it for all the hard work you've done #HappyBirthdayKidrauhl <3
do I need to step up my nerdism to hang with you guys? I haven't read any HP. Hell, I can barely read.
Would like to thank everyone who supported the Mambo De Leon concert last night!
Sometimes making people think you're talented goes a lot further than actually being talented...or so we hope.
The PEOPLE rejected I-1082, which we opposed. We stand for what's in the best interest of those injured.
Ppl saying Julian doesnt deserve to be on abdc is pissing me off bitch never have and never will be an ICONiacYou dont deserve 2 be called 1
Egad... You are going to get me to throw up again.. RT : RT : I am very proud of #TNASacrifice. Proud of the men & women
Happy Friday, Baltimore!
Huun-Huur-Tu ! Excited for some new music ! september is going to be a month to remember!! Even my budtender seen animal collective live!
i'm uglyy
yup you and Brian need to come over and hangout
Awww...that's because I'm awesome! :D
"Put the money in your panties"
u gonna be on sc tonight
is there some kind of #criminalminds drinking game going on here that I don't know about!?
This my song
Hi Marisol I was simply responding to your message when you said you "Will look out for info & resources". Thanks
gonna miss you this weekend! Have fun and be safe!
Have you told your spinners about the
": A friend is someone who understands your past,believes in your future and accepts you just the way you are."
I hope you have a wonderful week :)
lmfaoo eww we gotta wear Bodysuit?
Holler at for the retweet! X's and Os, girl.
:) I would have guessed early June too! Good times, good times.
was good
Girl Bye w| ya Novella lookin ass !
Thanks, Jenny. Like I needed any more reasons to be scared of going to an island.
Follow me...I amazing...and desperate...jk
I'm on my knees, but it seems were going no where fast; we've reached a climax.
Poker Professionals, Business Owners and Bloggers - we'd love to hear any cross-promotional ideas at .
Thnx for following me:)
The most low-risk teammate declaration in basketball: "I'm gonna make the next one." Worked for Steve Blake tonight, apparently.
After a Dwayne Eley, Jr. fumble, the Storm capitalize and score on a rushing touchdown from QB Stephen Wasil. Storm lead 48-17
#NeverShouldYouEver forget your friends while in a relationship.
When someone is in a bad mood, saying "Why don't you call the IRS?" is not a good way to cheer them up.
Iv seriously been neglecting my Twitter
Lakers vs. Knicks game Friday and on Saturday! I've missed you, NYC!
Why can't people with handicap plates not drive the speed limit??
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 30
I love the weather this time of year.
Best quality & pricing in South Texas for CD/DVD replication, custom t-shirts & merch! That's why we've been here so long & keep growing...
Gravedigger, when you dig my grave could you make it shallow so that I can feel the rain?
mayhemfest was amazing <3 i took a picture with matt heafy ! <3 im exhausted * yawns *
I'd say that can definitely be a part of it!
Just met & chatted with Bloody Bill Pon (DOLL BOY) ... what a great guy!! I'll definitely be hanging out with him more
Thanks for the re-tweet! It's gonna be a long, long game!
Go Spurs Go! better win
girl this place is a madhouse. mama needs a drink.
I'm sure he'd be happy to.
I saw that Scott was involved with it. Looks awesome.
We have a new kids line releasing soon and we'd love to share it with you!
lol if you tell me
What are you guys up to? Are you enjoying this amazing Sunday? What have you guys thought of the website? I would love some feedback =o)
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Thanks. I thought that was item 13. serves me right for attention lapse..
Really loving 103.3 out of baton rouge. The 80s tunes, including current Timmy T track, are great to hear once in a while.
thank you for attending! What was your takeaway from the evening ?
Sounds like a perfect night to us! Enjoy!
that stuff u threw today was filthy! Well done!
#oomf right now > wahhhhhhhhhhhhhh, i miss him ;(
Monday Night Baseball on ESPN
got some interesting quotes going on here with rj
1/14 Thursday...Lady Ducks Basketball: Oregon at Arizona St 5:30 p.m. Live on KUIK - www.kuik.com
Downloaded Songify last night. Too fun. This could be dangerous. Thanks!
Reminded tonight of sheer scale/violence of UR in SF: its Redevelopment Agency made DURA (Denver UR agency) seem like a warm, comforting hug
Thanks and for RTs today. Hope you all have a great weekend :)
Had fun with the girls at So You Wish You Could Skate event!
: I retweet comments from followers while live-tweeting b/c see it as part of coverage of the event.
International house hunters always blows my mind. 4,000,000 for an apartment? Really?
your icon is so cute!!!!! Mahomie love <3
Too bad there's no one to hit behind Votto...
Damn! I just left there! I must've just missed it :o
Hell yeah! RT personal trainer & friend's new website...looks good! I suggest #paleo & letting him shred u!
NORTH OF SUNSET will be produced in 2012
8th Grade Dance tonight
Haha #revenge is sweet! better tell jade that i made her a twitter account!! hehehehe
Thank you for coming to see us at the Phoenix Spring and Garden Show. Mary Congratulations, she is our entry winner of a nuvoH2o system!
Verizon data fans to pay more in service or phones
Proud to make this account. :)
just voted for for mr.twitter, and as well
RT : Penguins defeat Blackhawks, 3-2: Evgeni Malkin had another big night with three assists as the Penguins downed t......
#newtotwitter,could use some pointers on how to use it
lol u should check sodahead.com ppl put interesting comments about you !!! 2 minutes ago
Really!? You can talk shit on twitter but not to my face!?
NFL getting as bad as NHL for coaches - make playoffs or get fired
Ok, so you know it's out there.
u can open the door by urself !
The choices you make shape your life. Amy Wettig
#Sufjan Stevens's #AgeofAdz finale at Prospect Park: the use of the inflatable "car lot" guys wearing gaff tape was a brilliant touch.
or the art of the stowaway
Thx for the RT, and for contributing to the daily!! Hope you're having a Happy Leap Day :-)
#upearlytotrain a good way to start the weekend.
hey danny my pens won tonight in a shoot out eight in a row! wonder why cb dont follow me no more :)
Looking forward to the 20th anniversary party
yes!! U r right, manmade reef...just need a thick wetsuit, hood n booties :)
everyday im shuffling :D
I went to bed at 3 last night, and just woke up at 2:45.
I hate how Pau responds. His brother Marc would of made Ibaka pay at the other end of the floor.
Got 's "Design Is a Job" this morning. Already finished it. Fantastic!!!
Piggy bitch!!! Haha. Has your daughter got a blades shirt and a piggy one then?
Why not meet your new follower.
Twitter Turns to Users to Translate Site Into More Languages mashable.com/2011/02/14/twi… via
I want to apologize for not getting us a TD on every drive. It's almost like the other teams don't want us to win. Crazy, right?
Fantastic A&E w/ among others
Washington Post editorial board condemns Obama's NLRB, favors Boeing - How can this be?
Me, too--I miss you!! & I need tips for zombie apocalypse prep!! :) xoxo
Good Morning
10 down, 4 moe to go ! M, that girl
do you wanna meet for dinner?
100 degrees? Swing by Costco at 222 Martin Luther King from 10-2 for a cheesesteak & Italian ice - cool.
Final performance of "Nine Parts of Desire" today at 2pm! Only a handful of tickets left so grab yours fast! 766-9412
Good morning world: #BlessedGang we N this thang 1luv to the gritterz whatever u do be a beast at it
Awee :D I am loved by the 2012-2013 FCA Photographer, my life is complete.
Loving the new apartment! Even though moving is no fun:/
BREAKING: com feature "Pie Head (A Kinda' True Story)" Official Selection for the INTL FAM FILM FEST (Raleigh Studios, 3/23). more soon
I'm home sick :(
#Massive S/O to all my new #lovely followers!! All of you ladies are freaking amazing and officially AWESOME!!! Thank you everyone =D Grazie
#wordsyouwillneverhearmesay I hate sleep
HUGE SHOUTOUT TO THESE CUTIES <U+2665> ~~> & ! They are so nice and sweet! MUST FOLLOW :D ;****
We found second place yes!
News team...assemble!
can't believe lack of respect for chicago bulls on ESPN coverage... AND saying dwade and lebron are best of ALLTIME, come on.
I need to get on my a-game.
Whatever Peter Griffen is smoking I want some. Haha, seeing ice cream mountains and shitt. :)
#Breitbart I have always said that an honest life means some will toast your death."I'm glad that SOB is gone." So don't fret the haters.RIP
: Internet connection has incr (mobile, game console). Project 1 trillion connected devices & 143+ devices per person by 2013.
Big props to & for keeping me up on #NFLDraft while I'm Calling soccer for .3-0 Standley Lake v TJ
BEAT DAT ASS SPURS. BEAT DAT ASS.
Games create a space for emergent behavior, leading to creative problem solving - quoting #NYU prof Frank Lance
want to go to Hugh Jass for it? I hear its going to be packed!
1 of post-show failings, moderated convos (like surveys) can adjust aud impulse Not authentic as visceral resp.
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it. ~ George Moore
He may be famed and influential, but if you ever visit the IIT campus in Chicago, you'll see that Mies wasn't perfect.
With the homie
Slept right through rolling in at XX:XXam. Guess I must be getting used to it.
happy to help :)
Rumi lounge tonight new trendy Thursdays!
Thank you for the bday wish!
"Dude... I ate 3 burritos, then got a blowjob. Little did she know that she was giving me a
Tegan and sarah...boning
Listening to "Love or Leave Him?" Please tweet us your advice! We need to help "M!"
i have 3 left
Did you ever hear tune Old Crow Medicine Show did with Marcus Mumford? I posted it on my FB but not on Good Music Club. Will do.
Ferrari boyz is a fire album. Bricksquad and southside etc did fire work.
Welcome to #Turnberry! RT : Wow! Sounds absolutely divine!
How's everyone doin tonight?!(:
oh ha damn was it really. Thought we was getting close to two. Thats why guys don't remember that shit for, a reason like this
I'd love to know what you find!
Ugh so annoying. Should have been Kristen Wiig.
Why are you trying to diss the Pres. and not Mitt Romney? He supports equal rights for all. All rights.
My dad is using I think that is pretty damn cool.
Our first day on the stage today, And our first 10 out of 12 hour day
MandyRain . hey how are you ? i haven't talked to you in forever either :o
Save the date - ILC Film Series presents Burma VJ on Dec. 16.
I can't beat her - well maybe once :-)
Magic kingdom is a dYE day park. Hollywo availab
Watching Robot Chicken for the 1st time ever.... NUTS!!!
Was having a crummy week and that was before the awful news about Adam Yauch. R.I.P. MCA
I LOVE IT! I'm definately digging the lows and highs. But your lows are just amazing!!! It's all so good
Thanks for taking the pledge.
(c) "And this is how his soap smells. I bet his cologne smells like this..." Keke~^^ And he was just like,"-__-"
Hooray! You have great parents. See you soon!
Homecoming was stupid.
I went to my goddaughter's piano recital tonight - she was the best (in every way)!
Had a goodtime out but I am glad to b home in my bed!!
I don't know how you're getting this home, but this is yours...
you can get a nail trimmer. Works pretty well.
Look for #HotOffers from merchants giving you cash back for being a loyal shopper!
pshhhh I don't know what your talking about haha
accuracy is speed.. theres never time to do it right but theres always time to do it over..
I'm coming westest week as well.
but knives???? I'm gonna have to hear about this Sunday lol
Happy New Year ! Hope to see U in 2012...come to GA ;-)
Gearing up for Photolucida and finalizing plans for Diffusion I exhibition at Jennifer Schwartz Gallery
When I saw Liam and Silver trending I though of Liam Payne
YOU are a gorgeous woman!!!!!!!!
Ur still fat on the inside
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I am Not down with lies and games! Play me the way YOU want to be played
I have a feeling this is not going to be a good night for my Jayhawks. #Mizzou will win this one handily.
haha we will keep winning for ya
that's awesome where is that?
yes hamlet
RT - some guy in front of me has a miami seaquarium shirt. I wonder if he can give me free tickets to swim with dolphins ! ;D
+try 2 purchase there way to 'enlightemtnt' cool, but can only form thoughts within the framework of the marketplace +
Excited to check out tonight. Who has already experienced their Week One? Menu favorites?
#Cubs in their dugout watching the #Cardinals receive World Series rings. A ceremony that will never happen at Wrigley Field
Thanks for the RT! Let us know when you'll be back
I'm not sure when summer storms began 2 require my listening to Broken Social Scene, but my annual craving kicked in last night & hasnt quit
RT : We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. ~ Winston Churchill
market bound for my blue cheese and wine.
Best night ive had in a while!
A3. Thats tough I would build on iOS/Apple if budget is limited-they have the largest following at this time
A few overall thoughts, before I get some video gaming (Lego Harry Potter II - 26% done, y'all) before bed: 1. Really: meticulous.
So i was creepin' and I saw this and I must say that's easily the most underrated song on that record.
we've got two shows tonight. Holy potato pancakes!
No way, you're so generous! Thank you :-)
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand
my kind of guy
A whole week of night shifts, yes.
it would be lovely to see these peonies bloom. hopeful. such a kind gift.
That's why you don't swing on 3-0
Free Pinkberry samples at Old.New.Blue!
nice selection of life vest too! Perfect for a #wearit event this Saturday!
I love early mornings by myself. sometimes....
Will CU get cheated out of going to "The Dance" again?
Tigers people I'm following...you were hilarious and awesome right there. I might have used different words if we had lost. But we didn't.
thanks brother what you think of that commercial
Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, Egypt, Syria, Libya, Tunisia, Yemen, Saudi, Jordan, Lebanon, Gaza and Israel right in the middle. Security? Peace?
Hi there love! How are you? <U+2665>
Punk'd!!! look on face is priceless!! lmfaooo way to go !! XD
don't forget about the SAM ReMix this Friday! I'll be there
The real question here is how many Plumlees does it take to lose to LeHigh?
Don't say you miss me, when it's your fault I'm gone.
NICE TAN DADY.....
Progressive San Diego endorses Lori as the "progressive's progressive" - money can't buy true progressive values/ grassroots support!
can't wait till tomorrow and I'm Sugarland Bound to Pikeville. Be sure you look for the Sugarmoblie.
You too! Looking frwd to meeting you all!
Have YOU seen the all new www.markstuartdancetheatre.org?
#42-Michael Turner-RB-Atlanta Falcons
please eat a twinkie!
Today was actually hella exciting! Had dinner with and her family!
RT : " Thanks for the follow, checking you guys out now. Nice site." Thank you!!
is the best!! Had it for the first time yesterday and if you haven't heard of them start following them today!
New post: Garmin Rino 130 Handheld / Trail GPS with Two-Way Radio
WE R FILMING - FREAKNIC FEST - THE MOVIE... GRANT PARK - ths SATURDAY - THE LEGENDARY EVENT RETURNS - bring yr sexiest girlfriends
Wondering if iCloud is going to take off or if it's going to be another .me / mobileme flop. Opinions? Maybe the #cloud name will help?
Same here. Vinyl for this chick. No question.
I love it when you on top buss a liddle back shot . None a dem nuh have that some of them runnin we a go tell a gyal yooooooooooooooooo
Hand's down MT Raise your hand if you think #Obama is "evolving" on same sex marriage + isnt yet intellectually in support of it
Q: What is the strongest bird? A: A crane!
Every time I attempt to start my homework, I fall asleep.
bendos only chance is too push a hi pace and tire edgar out but edgars cardio has never been a question edgars boxing is more
how about couch burning and Scruffs?
Retweet if you have a dream<U+2661> [Follow me, & ask for a follow back!]
Hey Ben, check your email.
#HoldUp I know it is an easy one but, no nomination for Mike Smith and the
Sad day. I cant watch new music video cos I cant view it in my country :( now I am sad
dude, sober tweet this disturbing, cruel
Monsters INC is on Dinsney xd right now!
Great, young talent coming out of Dallas. The workshop this week was very inspiring.
Shit you ain't gotta tell me twice
Will do :) Thank you!
Hey Lou it's an old friend from back in Dallas... still making any music these days?
RT : Need Hope? Look into a Child’s Eyes.
I need a license and a smartcar I can take to the store once ina while.
Pam Satran's new book "How Not To Act Old" reviewed in Wall St. Journal, snickers galore, 50ladies, lose the redhats & watches, must read!
I LOVE YOU!!! Seriously. You are such a blessing in my life and I'm soo stinking thankful God gave me your friendship!!
Just a moment ago I got done writing another Short Story. called ''The Northren Lake Shore'' Mainly about my home and where I came from.
RT this msg to be entered for a chance to win a pair of tix to Lunatic Luau ft @ Farm Bureau Live Beach on 5/4!
oh no! Then what should we use for cleaning brick, and treating wood for termite protection?
how are you?
I think I might enjoy a long walk outside before the potential rain showers. I love spring. Best wishes for a wonderful day!
Designing cards for my mom and MIL for #mothersday right now. Thanks &
Look forward to the show!
Thanks for asking! I've written romantic novels, YA novels, and co-authored two books about autism. I'm glad you like the titles!
Could we do something about "palling"? As in "palling around with"? Good. K thx bye.
Do you love Johnny Depp? Well right now is the chance 2C him at the Chinese Theater, Hollywood Blvd, Hollywood CA
We came out cold, and they were lights out. We just got a good old-fashioned butt-whipping - Rick Howard
I look forward to seeing you tonight as we minister!
IT'S THE PICTURES THAT GOT SMALL!
they need more police!! Its horrible.. when my car got broken into it took like 3 hours for a cop to come..
- Many more will know soon. The insurance industry has vastly broadened their definition of a "preexisting condition."
happy birthday to my beautiful and fashionable friend :)
lets just peddle to fast forward.
2/16 the blackhawks take on the rangers .... wanna go ?
Love it. The Deputy Secretary just tasked with solving the "spork problem".
sounds like
My pinky and ring finger fell asleep.
thanks for RT, Bill.
Summer Courses are good as is in Course Book. No changes (as of yet).
For your Roth project: check out Goodbye, Columbus; American Pastoral; The Plot Against America. All are indulgent & satisfying.
....oh and Malka just bombed his tenth. #Maineiacs couldn't ask for a better start....2-0 under 3 in the 1st.
Although, as Rick avers, I once took a PhD seminar where 1 student hid all the books on Sidney; true story.
when I'm down, I check my spam box and I feel like the luckiest, smartest, business woman. I have deals all over the world.
#MayThe4thBeWithYou That is all.
please choose me I really dont wanna let my daughters down :-)
Pineapple + shallots + cilantro + toasted coconut = food heaven.
Why aren't u following me..?
I grew up with this team.RT : thanks for answering my Twitter q's! Your passion for the Crew is apparent
shit was so real we had to split a slice of pizza..
Empire mixtapes.... not for the weakhearted
Pat Summitt stepped down. What a legend. Good luck to her and her battle with Alzheimers.
More power to you, lady of gracious style and searing sexuality! X
Eating cough drops, watching Grey's Anatomy on Netflix, and painting my nails. Other than the cold, I'm totally
Guess I'm going to the fucking doctor... give me some flonase
Happy Korean Thanksgiving Day!!!
Another round of auditions today.
I will never get over Eli Manning. Or One Direction.
oh I didn't even realize that! Sorry haha
new regime..
Ghost, goblins and grown ups? Yes!! It’s Halloween for adults at Nanini. Sign up to make an glass-jar ornament & artist trading card. Oct 6
hehehehe(: i'm on my way now! We're gettng a picture today because i'm sad I was left out on friday!!
right so tweet will see if he replies n I still hvent heard from chris I hope he understands
All Ads Are Free http:TexasUsedauto.com
My friend wanted me to go to attendance recovery with him so he wouldn't be alone
my bundle didnt come in yet:(
Is your stream up yet?
whatever, you commie sympathizing R hater
Just got a script for liners in my inbox. Excited to voice them for hometown area station Baltimore's Rock Radio. Dreams do come true.
The world is too dangerous for anything but truth and too small for anything but love. William Sloane Coffin
. Not At All! Does he get credit if Bosh comes back even though Rose and Noah got hurt?
Hello Vinny. Just Another Fan Tweet Here. Lol. But If You Could And It Would Mean Alot, To Follow Me? But I Mean U Dont Have2
now we are
That's awesome. :]
my teeth hurt, i should get my braces off in 8 weeks :)
I know I miss you too. And yes. My phone has been dead and I have been too lazy to plug it up. Are you going camping?
I have more iPod cases than pairs of shoes lol
Yoko Do you have any fears walking the streets of New York City today?
I don't pretend that i have a perfect life on social webs because i keep everything real....
Indeed.. I teach kids and they are so picky at times. But I get them to try as much as I can...
milk? lol yuck!
A very Happy Birthday to the almighty !
I can sing this song all the way through and I am so proud of myself.
I'll be chanting "vote vote vote vote" all day now'
amiga we're about to hit the stage for noche 2 of DJing in #flagstaff, thinking of you DJ! hope you're well! Send me some tracks
I feel like a change.. I've been the same for too long.. getting ideas now,
The illegal left on 9th and Broad is my favorite Seattle driving move. Serious SLU traffic avoidance.
yeah I will be at both!
Listening To Old Songs In 2012. I Feel So Old School. (:
I use 4overtrade.com - a great value-priced b2b printing place in Glendale, CA. fast turnaround.
What's beef?
I love you too Kate. I miss you so much!
I'm not a minority! Nel Blu de pinto blue
When you were a kid, Rick Moranis and Scooter the Muppet were the same person to you too, right?
The road to darkness has a way of always knowing my name
for sure i will follow
": “: According to National Geographic, redheads might become extinct by the year 2060.”
You're so vain. You probably think this post is about you.
follow me
Takeaway 1: books, tech, and multimedia can all play well together if you teach them (and their communities) how.
If you need any tips for living and thriving with snow on the ground, I'm an expert. Chicago gets lots of the white stuff. :)
Good morning twitterverse! Did you know that you can get a geographically targeted ad for as little as $40/month?
Off work and getting ready for the midnight showing! Finally!
Once more into the GIMP. The local Linux group is presenting GIMP.
I can't wait to watch iCarly when Got bathed by :)
I use “LOL” way too much. Half the time I don’t even laugh out loud. I kinda just chill there with a blank face.
Chill Heat fans, y'all got amped like this last year.... And, well......
Just rearranged. Gonna skip Delta Spirit for YOU!! Can't wait to see you.
haha most were duplicates. I only have 5 and two are work devices! :)
wus up wit the bad boys 3?? I know u get that all the time huh?
haha. I hope the sign language means I love you in reality (; haha. #takeaLOL :P
was mad at you?? After that episode
oh no! Been on the road all day. Phone dead to rasss ....smh
ha! You're funny. :)
There better be some good shit to do in Seattle for 2 days...
Thanks for the RT ! Happy Sipping my friend!
Based on the interpretation I'm reading "A Christian should not have a spirit of carping criticism & fault-finding"
Cannot find my Mockingjay book. :(
miss you too (= Follow me?
sadly, we don't really have great choices down here...
no I didn't!!! I wasn't close enough to get good picture :-(
congrats on the deal, glad you are going to get a shot at redemption
How was London?
sb is my literary soul mate
Going to a soup kitchen tonight! I wonder what is for dinner?
lol >_> im gonna kill her:O
: Feeling some sweet revenge on my mate today
People in this world fall because they hate taking orders and not realizeing that you haft to take orders to someday give orders...
RIP Dave Hilkert. My glass is up for you tonight. I will remember. RIP
Big booty bitchess
Yeah. Well if you want to text me: 417.274.2562.(:
Valentine Cookies These Valentine cookie recipes include heart-shaped sugar cookies, chocolate sugar cookies, shortbread Read Full Post V
LIN is great for the NBA and all ASIANS around the world, he makes my eyes feel better.
Remind me to tell you about my rain shelter experience.
If these walls could talk, they'd tell a horror story.
where did they get fans from....
me to. I think I'm moving to Dallas YOLOLOLOL
you won't be missing anything - it's just going to be a quite Tuesday. I've had plenty of bday goodness already:)
Wiley Article Select Tokens way to access titles not held in library collections
greetings! how would one go about submitting a potential book for review or story idea? thanks in advance!
On this day in 1862 Confederates evacuated Norfolk, burning supplies in the process. 2 days later, the CSS Virginia also had to be abandoned
Jones came through with some big rebounds at the end.
Did you guys know that Coca-Cola does not market their products to anyone under 12?
Changed my username back cause people unfollowed me when i changed it. Merp.
Two popular accounts I love now follow me! :) yay.
30m in the reg line for the 1500 and not even inside the reg room yet
It's a legal rule called duty of fair representation. These players could sue the NFLPA (and win) if they didn't appeal.
#A4bos today's events RT“: Follow 4 updates on how Bostonians are fighting back against fare hikes. #OB #OWS”
smh you told me you we're ganna name her anna!!! Lier
just the parking situation during a wedding. don't worry (:
had the same joke, and I'm kinda miffed at myself for not thinking of it first.
I wouldn't use capitol letters anymore. They make you look short.
Over thinking <<<
Check out the team these guys are top tier when it comes to custom white label daily deal software!!www.dailydealpros.com
ur really PRETTY we should tlk more!!":)
It's rare to sit through two hours of anything with a smile on your face. Thanks again, Matthew Weiner.
#1 Nifty Dream has great workouts showing and the replay shows that the jockey did not appear to try last time from the 11 post.
yeah man, politics are just like football. Lefties vs. Righties. My team will beat your team. You paint elephants on ur face?
sounds like a plan. Great to see you and your husband
PLEASE SUPPORT TOBY RYAN FOR AUSTIN CITY COUNCIL and make sure to register to vote if you aren't, cuz time is running out!
#SongsThatGiveYouGooseBumps stairway to Heaven back-tracked!
actionable design insights! A mouthful! Are you coming to #et11 ?
Big series. Hope the weather holds off and game gets played. 2/3 would be nice. CJ needs to set the tone & Pujols needs to relax and HIT
go #gatorgymastics :) deserved WAY HIGHER than a 9.925 on floor! she was FLAWLESS.
yup yup yup. so. our trip to see austin can be moved foward because he lives closer now. well, i live closer to him.
YAY BAND. pull the gold thing up there should be a spot to do that. are the chairs in there or are you on the floor?
So much to say about that game, but its probably a good idea not to say it...
it was an accident
underground noise/ electro-acoustic performance every sunday in june and july at 7pm at Avant Garden, 411 Westheimer...
Not much got a party goin on! Happy bday!!!
Drumbeat of the Ants
That was offensive to all women. He is a total whack job.
I need a car! I think there's still some space in the driveway if I park sideways!
Can someone tell me why Santa Anita Cheesecake Factory's Meat Sauce Pasta taste SO BAD compare to the one inGlendale Americana?
"If it weren’t for Walmart eating up all the little corner grocers and hardware stores, the Germans, Japanese, & Chinese would have"
Outdoor fest and rain. no bueno.
I have you trying different kinds of shit shit when you make it up into my room
However, these are (yet another) exercise in self-delusion. Significantly complicate the bureaucracy while having negligible/no impact
I am a master of rainy days.
Everybody go to billy bobs Saturday for birthday party! No alcohol or drugs permitted
They got me fucked up if they think I'm gone trust them again!
Good Night & Sweet Dreams Everywhere! Lov u!
Maybe museum staff need internal social media community too?
This guy who works at the Target near my house looks JUST like Ryan Gosling.
you can't sit there & tell me you wouldn't want one of those... whatever tickets you wanted, whenever you wanted them
Do you keep it the same, or do you make it original when you sing it?
I have dill, lavender, strawberries and I'm cloning peppermint... I've got all the plants I need for summer. ;)
#sandiego baby girl!! Meekay is coming in 2 days!
As I start to judge the man who just ate four donuts at Dunkin Donuts, I realize I'm eating a hungover breakfast sandwich at 4 p.m. Oof.
his party tips are AMAZING
Yeah got back last Wednesday.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Found a McDonald's that sells their big macs for a dollar.
really! that's great! funny how that works! :)
Show & Tell? When does a portfolio belong in the interview process . . .
I hate that also.
yay hi guys
Tay!!! What are you doing?!
awesome, glad they could help you! The PlayTouch is gr8 too, gorg touchscreen and great audio.
Everything in life leads me back to a song. Grateful that reignited my passion.
I have no idea what Katie just said. What are you talking about?
You would give me luggage! (and advertise!)
The new def of #PR is "PR is a strategic comm process that builds mutually beneficial relationships between organizations & their publics."
Thanks. I live in county supervisor district 5. How do I sort through 7 candidates? I know very little about most of them.
Man #congrats 2 the NY #Giants tht ws a phenomenal come back! 38yrd catch + crazy eas final TD. I think the Giants might just be my nw team
Thanks for losing my baggage claim after losing my bag. Have to start over, after 3+ months. So frustrated.
Bye!!!! Those are your cousins. Please let them know that being ratchet in public places does not mean that they're tough.
I need a suggestion for a turn-key hosting/web editor for my mom. She's done web editting, but wants something very simple.
#veganhelp I don't want to rely on fake meat products. Stick to things that are found in nature.
How in the world one simple end of a sentence overheard on the phone could be so significant and right in time?
You are literally the most ignorant person in the world.
Hey are you at the #CPShow hosted by ? Stop by our booth and enter to win a large screen TV!
Luv'd it, ! RT hey thx for posting that funny infographic! I created it, maybe I'm biased? Just wanted 2 say thx :)
Planking should be done on active railroad tracks
joe Mauer didnt acknowledge how sweet The #Detroit #Tigers are?? Bad for minnesota twins this season lol!
KLUSOZ IS THE PLACE TO BE TONIGHT FOLKS!!! I'M ALREADY IN CRUNK MODE!! BETTER BE READY! POW
Hope everyone have a great exam today...good luck !
Don't believe when they say you suck, and don't believe when they say you're incredible. Believe in yourself and you will do well
I see how it is, tweeting about beer at 4 am!
might as well make friends, she'll be with you till the end.
Fan of Fan 2!!! Coming Soon #ImOnIt!!!
Dear boys, be the type of guy you would want your daughter to be with
agree on yr action hero concern but is only mayor i know who's ever run in 2 a burning building
We're excited that you're involved! RT : I am excited to be involved in on 11/5/11.
did you screw it up?
Dating for 4months and no "action" yet...Is he gay or just a nice guy? We need your help to decide 222-9800
We met <U+2192> We talked <U+2192> We liked <U+2192> We dated <U+2192> We committed <U+2192> I loved <U+2192> You cheated <U+2192> We’re DONE <U+2192> You're deleted.
Mom's still pretty sick. :( I hope you're having a really great date night! Happy birthday!
Happy Mother's Day! And to all you dad's (MF's), multiply the fun in the morning. They've earned it.
Remember to get out and #vote today, #Wisconsin!
"Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will." -- Zig Ziglar (an American author, salesperson, and moti…
Grow #WIDairy will grow investments, set stage for innovation, increase number of jobs. Aimed at ALL farmers -- including those brand new.
oh edawrd and bella.
Yikes! 3 days left to save! Register for Go Go Green early bird pricing today! bit.ly/9CUYID
There is talk of bringing karaoke back on Monday's. The #EAVillagio's only karaoke???
by my count, that's 11 consecutive Rockies retired after Rosario's moonshot of a home run in the 4th...
serenity now, insanity later
Kids Safety Day at the Family Fun Center in Wilsonville this weekend... we'll be doing free Safe Assured Kids ID Kits! Starts at Noon!
"The Falklands thing was a fight between two bald men over a comb." Jorge Luis Borges
You know what is a really cool feature that cars have? Blinkers.
TIME FOR THE LAKESHOW TO TAKE OUT THE THUNDER IN THIS SERIES GAME 1 LETS GET IT
um... his fame is so strange to me! RT Dan Savage has a show on MTV??
Haha RT : It's the overweight meth addicts that have always confused me. RT : Fat vegetarians baffle me.
I love the cover of #DestinationDixie. Perhaps because it was one I found on eBay.
I am on the tarc and this GROWN MAN just SPIT twice INSIDE THE BUS. I AM so disgusted&that used to be my favorite seat. 3x.
“: hey man! Have a great day!” you too, buddy!
Bout to scoop ya girl up like a ground ball
Thanks Ed!
Use the equation. A Wrinkle in Time used drawings to explain string theory/the tessaract.
I'm ready to see a lot of teachers and principals fired in Atlanta Public Schools. Y'all do not need to be teaching kids. Period.
We should get snacks I'm just saying
somebody tell me the best thing to get at dairy queen, now!
Getting ready.
he's out n long beach I see Him six days a week he's really good if your ever out this way come check him out great
Making a 2 hour trip to eat with Mom tomorrow...but she did carry me for 9 months. It's the least I can do. :P
Chasing your dreams? Run fast.
And so ends the experiment known as the American education system.
Nothing to do. Wat should I do???
thanks for reppin! Really happy you guys came out to see us :]] love you guys!
Wow.. What a start to the rose bowl
soon enough!
we listen to our audience...cuz we love you...so bad
WiMAX Forum ITU Telecom World event team well into planning and execution of the WiMAX Forum Member Pavilion activites!
There's too much hate in the #Republican party.
I kno! Why do people hate him so much!?
That moment of regret when u chase ur lil sis out of the room when she's just baked u a bunch of ur favorite cookies love u sis:)
For all you Minecraft people, what's... The point? I built an awesome house, but now what?
Looking forward to following you!
Back on my feet once again, trying to get biz going strong again also getting ready to start filming a very cold surfing movie,back in SAG:)
Thank you for the Twitter #FF love!
Rosie works pretty well. Although it dies on the spot rather than returning to its base. Maybe the battery needs to be replaced?
Ppl only have to help themselves don't nobody owe u shit don't use the ones that take u along for the ride stupid
oh, can you at least read them?
I cried myself to being tired, and i have 6 more hrs to be awake :P
": HAPPY BDAY!!!" THANKS SO MUCH!!! I APPRECIATE IT!!!
Making some cherry limeade and working on updating the website!
gives you this compilation filled with hits.
RT : Going out today to get legislators signed up for one of our 3 priorities-Community Cleanup & Greening Act to reduce plastic bags
I mean i have been trying to have her follow me.!
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” <U+2015> Mahatma Gandhi
COME TO THE GOOD SIDE MPOP! Denver is the new Titletown w/ PM and YOU!!!
#survey #research when you hear the word #industrial lubricants what #images or words come to mind? 3 words max please!
you did not just say that
you are all with my,, my life, my wold and my hear... to apart of my mom.... I' love you xxooo
First show=best in 6 months. second=worst in 6 years. Wonder what the third will be. Love this job.
Currently recording screams for our new song!!
maybe one day
Im really loving this week off yess
I can eat fast food everyday all day
#thatawkwardmoment when it's going so well, then you notice the big X on the back of her hand.
HOW ARE YOU
No problem(:
pic or it didn't happen!
The model shoot went great today:) Now eating at Kabuki in Burbank.
#ASH11 Enjoying free Georgia peanuts from ACVB. Doing a great job repping my hometown for ASH12!
It went very well - but only one person attended other than library colleagues... so, preaching to the choir.
I took time 2 reflect on My 1st Son who is with God He left us 2 years ago on Dec 7 2009. I Miss him so but,I have his son who is now only5
So flippin good RT : Need to try! RT : hawkers on Mills for tapas style Asian food. seriously a must try!
You can write a guest post for the #DCwineweek blog! Email us your idea at
Clinic today at 4!
Available only at House Of Blues on Sept. 5th. We will be giving away a limited amount of our new album sneek peek. Dont miss out!
RT +1 to using all open source software for collections management.
On Capitol Square just now, a cop pulled a cyclist over for running a red light. Fun time is over.
Spent stupid amounts of money this weekend..
It's been like 3 days since I've heard from . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>are you alive?
Trying my damnedest to Tweet well. Looking for something interesting to say. Wish me luck from swine flu and bandito drug dealers in Baja.
fanny pak better leave.
This laptop on some other business
I showed up every single class and finals with no pencil!
talk to me ill keep you enertained
There's a great venue for in E Walnut Hills.
I clearly need some new music
2012 it's OBAMA Time again!
god! So excited
Joaquin Rodriguez was very impressive on that steep bit
Congrats to one of my best friends Adam Wenneker on his engagement to his girlfriend of two years, Erin, today!
OK Christmas shopping... You will get completed today. I'll have to find a new adrenaline rush for Christmas Eve this year ;)
Definitely. It's good to meet you, Kate! Give Asheville my best.
Will be in ATX and wanted to know where is a good place to catch the US match Friday?
It's nearly as bleak for men of color. And when movies are produced they contain caricatures, i.e. Tyler Perry.
It's true! I do love Matzo ball soup!
R u mad at yally?
Never knew I had so many pet peeves until I started working in the real world but on a good note it's payday betchesssssss <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Aye Hands up in the air..!!! Get it chris and sean
My player card approved u niggas denied
First class today (Getting Started) in Computer Boot Camp series. My'brary has been so slow the last couple of days, will people even come?
Thanks for the #FF!
So tired of this bs.
Tired and excited for afternoon coffee. Just to find out someone hijacked my groups coffee pot with STRAWBERRY COFFEE.
God bears with the wicked, but not forever. -Cervantes.
Would love to meet your family when we come to Edmonton. Should be plenty of opportunities! :)
Thinking about everything my family says in a perverted sense..
Come put it on my baby, you driven me so crazy-
LOL!> RT : #derivatives are for #calculus classes!
I am dreaming of a chicken and waffle sandwich.
MY FRiEND T0 SHY T0 TELL Y0U THAT SHE THiNKS Y0UR CUTE. HER NAME iS
Might be a rainy day - why not enjoy our beautiful Roundhouse and explore our amazing Civil War Exhibit - featuring trains used in the war!
Quote Book worthy :) rt : "I got for lunch..I think it was an awesome life decision." -- ”
This movie got me weak
seems the NFL owners are"Greedy Bastards" who wont play fair at negotiating or being transparent about "ALL" Revenues...
You should never let one dark cloud cover the entire sky. The sun is always shining on some part of your life. Go get a tan!
Whoa!!!! WHO IS THIS!
RT : Help! Where would be a good place near the Delta Centre-Ville in Montreal to take a group of 15-20 people for breakfast?
Ever heard Stokely's cover of Make me Say it Again?
I try and do my thing
US media disinterest in foreign news sadly reflects citizens disinterest in foreign news.
Thank you! You go to ISTE almost every year, don't you?
Jacksonville!! We have a show Friday night at the pit for We Still Dream's cd release party. We wanna see you there:)
dog is ok, wallet is sitting this week out on the bench!
"If something comes to life in others because of you, then you have made an approach to immortality" - Norman Cousins, M.D.
WHY CAN YOU JUST FOLLOW ME
Join us for our Open House tomorrow at 229 S McCadden Place from 11am-2pm!
LETS GET DOWN TO BUSINESS.. To defeat the huns.
Hope your buboes heal quick!
Survived Alumni Weekend..lol
When i was little , 'imma tell your dad' was the scariest thing ever.
thank you!
random rain.
Is it bad I just retweeted a tweet about too many retweets? Did I just break twitter?
We need #food #event and #fashion #bloggers to join for upcoming epics. Are you game for amazing food, cocktails, and fun?
important information
"what's your favorite kind of porn, jonald?" the kind that doesn't need to buffer. #straightstreaming #ayo!
#ILoveJustinBecause he is very talented and grateful of everything and everyone(: <33
Geez I can't believe the charges this guy faces now. And Aziz said he wasn't a terrorist. Kind of scary he lived in my town.
sick of lee high school shit is lame!!
If your body moves when you laugh, kindly put down that milkshake.
Today's media consumption demands strategic shift from USP to POV & that POV must start at the core.~Troy Young
Days off of school; because my highschool cant handle the ridiculous amounts of I listen to on campus. ;)
pretty sure you can unlock badges even if you check in off the grid
no problem. Look forward to kickin out them tweets with u.
RT. If your grateful for the positive people in your life
Friends we not as cool as we once was
Bummed I won't be watching any playoff games tonight. But if the LAkers lose, y'all call me, hear? I'll fudderwacken all over Bmore.
thanks Matt...
oh my god I know how are you!?
Yep. We're sharing info! : is it open to everyone?
In case I didn't thank some of you for the #FF ... Thanks muchly!!
its the only things that taste good lol
looking forward to #ala2010 glad there is always a library conference in dc!
Alas, you missed the point of that Tweet...
haha our boy
Good one, lol
My pleasure. Great creed.
yes the audience does add an unnecessary overlay to the drama.
what channel does that come on?
- do you have a spotify account, or similar, where you share music you like?
I am more productive with classic rock, especially when it streams from Richmond, VA
oh it also defines the internet. when was this thing published?!?!
In the studio. Love creating.
Great my ex just got hired at my job smh here we go
One of my quirks too
Ugh. Body aches! Good thing I'm off.
S/O to glad we are chillin in midland this time around
THANK YOU! Buy purchasing our items online you've helped to fund our mission of preserving West Virginia's musical heritage!
Is he filming in Portland, TN or Oregon? Maybe if in Tn, I'll come out and be an extra or something. Or the damn star! ??
Um Yea RG3 Iz My Cousin On The Holy Bible Hii Yaa Like Me Now
awe, thank you! (:
thanks lizzie! :D
Oh no! Hate to hear you've been sick. Glad the Pacer victory cheered you up. You & Diane stay safe.
#SNLideas — #JasonSudeikis plays at #MIckJagger concert pretending he "gets it" Mick meets Mitt and confesses—he's a fan
Matthias Molnar a Master Tiler from Germany&Cary Mumford a Master Builder from the Northwest. A complete team w/ 35+years of experience!
Eggs on twitter scare me. How hard is it to get a picture?
Wade doing what he does best, making shots in crunch time!
didn't i tell you guys? I got offered sweet tix to the Brewer game Monday. much better than some movie, right?
On my way to the Teller County GOP Central Committee Mtg. The citizens in Divide and nearby are starving for representation.
RT If you must choose between breakfast and Bible: "I treasure the words of his mouth more than my portion of food." Job 23:12
Thanks for the RTs!
Payycee time for me to sleep(:
this morning
At the UW for the Doug Massey lecture: The Causes and Consequences of America’s War on Immigrants
ok.... we best lol
#HappySeptember to all of our Twitter followers!
Denver run!
Gonna lay down. I love you, Beautiful. Kjbe<33
"As if Google wasn't enough, now there's SIRI." Ambivalent feelings about many of these things.
want to go play poker but do not want to sit in traffic lol...
Famous last words RT I want them to live with me. MT These tiger cubs at the zoo are the cutest things I've seen
Being sick is no excuse to slack on work! It is, however, an excuse to work in my jammies.
yes I know how
OK friends. Off to Vegas to track our new drummer Joe Maietta. We will be in Hit Track Studios, where some recording of Five Finger...
Sending the happiest birthday wishes and AUGURI to my Piccolina, ! Take some time to celebrate today bella!
This guy is a downer in. every. scene.
because you're fucking pissing me off, and I'm fucking calling you to tell you shit. Because obviously you're not listening
You're deep-fried pickles are amazing! Tell Ryan to put them on the menu permanently! Yum!
already pimp! Nice doing business with u!!!
Yeah, I'm no Doyle fan either but he Kevin Conroy could really challenge Walker on jobs. We also need $ for this race.
break a leg and a heel my glam goddess. can't wait to see my monster mama come through cleveland again. Bon voyage girl!
If you are interested in a job with us please contact us at .
Warped tour in 3 days!!
There is a lot more juice in grapefruit than meets the eye.
Jenn- "I'm like a fish."
I love it
BRACES OFF TOMORROW. (:
i need food, like, bad
wtf are you saying, go back in the kitchen bitch where you belong LOL
Did you kow that the most neglected area of vehicle service is the transmission? Most major repairs in this area cost $2000.00 plus
The wisest of people in this world are those that admit when they are wrong.
Im not trying to impress anybody but... I was watching PG-13 movies 2 years ago.
Went to "Social Media-Is your IP Leaking Out?" Companies need to consider the EULA, copyright, security, social media policy
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 17
YES Clair! RT > : "about to debut my dj set" yeah I bet you are...press play and pretend to queue up for an hour.
what up best dj in Miami?
looking forward to seeing u there! We are selling at an unprecedented rate! I'm super pumped!!
Sucking down a Pimm's Cup (or two) before heading out with friends for Thai in Ballard.
In case you were wondering, there are Starbucks in Madrid, Seville, Granada and Barcelona. Also Dunkin Donuts and McDonalds.
FOLLOW ME<3!!
Winner:Linda Hilsenhoff-$50 gift card to Wasabi! Refer a patient to us and get entered in a monthly drawing to win a $50 gift card anywhere!
...whenever there's a crisis if you can get people to eating normally things get better. #Madeleine L'Engle
Does Chris Carter still have a chance or does it diminish each year he doesn't get in?
Thanks for the follow and the kindness Everyone here digs you, too!
Tiger criticizes ex-coach's new book. Given his stature, how many books did Tiger just sell for Hank Haney?
Didn't forget, just ran out of characters. I can't forget your epic-ness!
“: The role of a pastor's wife is to love her husband and pray for Him. ”
Haha I am gonna go to bed
$2 naty light. For twitter followers of course.
Night everyone!!(:
Don't know where you got the item. I got it from Bonnie. Sorry, don't read everything you write.
my house is nice (: you should come here (;
that is just bullshit
and Mr. Estel was grumpy and Mrs. Goode wasn't there so that made it way worse
and allocation of risk is the big issue with 401k. Over the long term, city is better able to bear risk.
Trapped the Alien worm in the trash can outside. Got Jean Pierre Jeunet's "Alien Resurection" stading by.
Had a guy ask me today, "What's so fast about Fast Draw Media?" I showed him my mobile website!
have u bought ur beach fossils ticket?
McFaddens is looking for a few good men...to bartend. Apply in person on Wednesday and Thursday of this week.
got his ALA registration fixed and is going to see the Psychodelic Furs tonight
We do too! Good luck on the marathon!!
Dropped my flash yesterday (smh) :( & had a photo gig diss morn. Had 2 shoot w/out it. But now I'm :) bcuz I'm gettin my crown molding done.
that was an amazing concert I smiled the entire time (: you're so talented and I'm so glad I was at the first concert this year
Had PFC for the first time & last cuz it taste like frozen food & overpriced especially tofu taste like plastic
#lifewaseasybefore Dumb People started coming out of no were Ruining Relationships, lives, friendships, basically everything.
yes I'm glad as well lol.
Ladies and cents, we take the stage at tonight at 8:00
Closing arguments in the O'Rourke Carlsbad school shooting trial this morning.
I love you Whit.
when is the first show?
like they need a lesson in that? They know better than I do!
you always expect the best from Bruce!
I agree with you especially with the Voter ID Bill.
indeed! and for you as well. looks like all of our margin stuff made it into the MLA!!
#FF island mates I rely on you so much. xo
30 min of it was all I can stand wooosha
Carnival of Souls, Beverly Lane and Underground Entertainment-The Movie at The Paramount Tonight starting at 6pm. $10 at door! Bar at 9pm
Thank you for a beautiful evening of dinner, awards, and unity.
Always love watching Man U getting beaten , Destroyed I mean , Just a shame it was City that destroyed them , City are the real deal though
"I told you it was a mini blowpop"
Do not limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they could do. You can go as a long way as your brain lets you.
Major League Soccer: Screw knowing the players names - WE HAVE STADIUMS!
Last burger day ever with
Agreed! ;) RT : if you'd actually show UP to my party you might find out. BOOM. ;)
crap i need to find my book bag.
Instead of doing work, all I want to do is sit here and make a list of everything I am going to buy once I win the
thx, u too.
I never planned on you changing your mind
I didn't see u today...
I just finished working on some pretzels. I need to go find my big hat before post time.
It's so dark and gloomy out--I can't believe it's only 6:00!!
is coming to avon and im not gonna see her...<U+E404><U+E403>
I don't think* it's fair
Well aren't YOU snooty! ;-)
I used to actually kinda like going to school... but then I moved to Texas.
Oh! RT : Future tweetup idea, courtesy of and : pajama party, preferably at symphony or opera.
Taylor Lautner won best butt kicker award at KCA's
I want to reinvent the TV watching experience! What do you have in mind?!
i'm gonna try and get attention
Are you Canadian now, Bryz?
Maybe if I didn't use Twitter. RT : So my Twitter email digest was completely pointless. Anyone find it interesting?
you think Gus Johnson is still up announcing this game at home?
Did you get the name of the venezuelan? Maybe he has learned to speak russian. :)
Just got to work last night saw breaking dawn OMG
Can't really sleep..
Hey It's Samuel From FB I Miss Talking 2 U And If U Do A Skype On FB Hope U Pick Me lol
Hey so we go on at 7:45 tonight hope to see everybody here!
Too much fun at Spring Jam. My liver/stomach/brain are paying the price.
Feels good to almost be caught up after being gone on vacation. Some #NHL fun tonight, then the #NFL Draft action tomorrow evening.
I want Follow me? My best day :)
Yes, thank you. I've just seen your post about a wedding ring? Congrats to you and Bas! Wishing you both all the best. x
Totally agree! What car are you detailing?
well, yes but with the increased donations and the bloomberg match, they have over $900,000 this year, from this alone.
Goldman Prize Ceremony happening on stage right now and hearing some very inspiring stories from my desk
I don't drink beer and I am a Chicago Bears fan. Now do you guys understand why I had to leave WI? C'mon Chicago!!! 1st and goal at the 5!
#wilco deserve every ounce of praise for their live shows. 3+ hours, 3 sets, awesome set list. Thanks, wilco!
Gotta go for Rashad! ~>King of swagger
TOMORROW NIGHT: THE GRAND OPENING OF THE BRINK!! FREE COVER & ILL BE SPINNING!! check out more specials here:...
wedding fever all around - bank holiday Friday for all! www.IamINC.biz
omg your welcome! and love you <3333 lol and mee to! :D omfggg
This couple on 16 and pregnant > they have like the perfect family
Why is it that when I have lots of time, I have no writing ideas, and when I have so little time, ideas are everywhere? GRR!!!
omg i love your singing and the others too, but it's hard to choreograph to what makes you beautiful
the best 10 months. (:
not even close! However, sourdough toast & chocolate ice cream? Magical.
- Looks like things are going well out there in Cork??
Can't wait for this weekend. Pax Prime in Seattle where I live. Sadly, I can only go on the last day :-(
Yo you & Kasi come down!“: Lover, Lover, Come Support St. Jude Tommorow Night At Cowboys Dancehall!"
Get yo ass here to club empire its going down all day
RT if you think should have a sub named after :) #MahoneSub haha.
“: Watched the new State farm Commercial. :) :) no Clay Matthews like hinted...” I think clay will be in state farm 3
Pole class starts at 8. I've missed the pole!!
definitely not
Whenever I have to chose between two evils, I like to try the one I haven't tried before. - Mae West
just sent my resume to the desert
I'm not surprised, not everything lasts.
Did you get your Mcdonalds? As long as it wasn't murder burgers. We learned bout White Castle the hard way! lol
lol I would but one of my friends ruined it for me when I got her a job there :/ and you should've said something! U should apply!
The only metrics I like to measure my RTs in is a scale of AWESOME and I think you're all AWESOME :)
have fun! Colton is going to be there so hopefully you run into him! if so tell him we're the biggest teen wolf fans ;D
Dear Mr. Motorcyclist on the 405 riding in the carpool lane when the rest of us are in traffic - #areyouseriousbroski?
Someone just broke my ankle..... Its got that tingly feeling like when its broken....
Starting some new cosplays I will be posting pictures of my Date Masamune Cosplay very soon! I will start tomorrow!
Good pass Rondo!!!!
Be LOVE now.
Great job tonight! Hope to have you back soon!
just no good with dough.
Jamba training class day
You can give a lot of things but you can't give up.
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 1-2 ft knee to thigh high occ. 3 ft. POOR CONDITIONS
I just finished Fifty Shades Darker. Shall we #bookclub it over wine soon?
Same to you!! :) RT : thanks! happy Friday :)
remember when we tweeted that same tweet five times!? crazy. Dominique REALLY wants you to read her post? technical problems. working on it!
I asked Santa for the Packers to win home field advantage for the playoffs.
Ten years ago: Joe Black, the first black pitcher to win a World Series game, for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1952, died in Scottsdale, Ariz.,
partying it up tomorrow with the old crew </3 how i missed them <3
Thanks for the follow, Mike!
hey buddy nice meeting you this weekend
make it or break it tonight . <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
You guys are amazing. The only band that'll comment on a two month old wall post on facebook :D Thank you for being amazing(:
#happymothersday I love my mom. Grateful for everyone I've gotten to spend time with this weekend!
Seeking a large & reliable corpus of social SPAM comments for use in training an algo. Please DM me if you can help & I will reciprocate.
Roger Waters or David Gilmour?
Now we are talking about sperm donors.....
let's connect for a coffee today in between women (wait, that didn't sound right) :D
Thanks man! :D We will be recording more in about a month for our split EP with our friends in Sing me to sleep :)
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe. Anatole France
Just went to world market and I want the entire store!
como soy vago loco??
Listening to foo fighters on the radio. Just another reminder bamboozle is this weekend and I won't be there :/
Well, THAT was weird LOL!!!
Mad props to the punter getting called up in the 3rd round. Punters change games folks, no joke! :)
umm yea sure ill get you a card lol
Thanks for your help!~Don
Comcast can take its customer service and shove it cause my dvr doesnt work and internet & phone didnt earlier this week
#Occupy Seattle this is very positive and high energy! So great to be part of it all!
people are too afraid to put themselves out there. they need to pick it up in the swag department.
So it looks like the tweet of the day will be a hit. Now I am going to spend my days thinking of witty comments. Maybe some help is needed?
Learning how storytelling works across new and traditional media platforms for nonprofits and social justice w
Value Pricing is the way to go. Hands-down. Nuts or not, it's the future! :)
It feels really good to be back in America, even though the weather and food are way worse.
Noah's neighbor, one morning: "Hey, honey, I think we're missing a couple of goats."
lol that's hilarious! Dont get in trouble ;)
Attention Apple: your chuckleheaded rule against competing book apps will not prevent me from getting books from someone other than Apple...
I wish it was some other body's trauma.
Just when we think we can't hate Instagram anymore, Facebook buys them ...
"Life Becomes Beautiful" video. Nice job! I'm feeling it.
me too i cant wait for new one come out.
have a great event tomorrow!
Olga's snackers oh yeah!!!
I'd like to be everything u wanted......
RT : It is better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret. -Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Thanks for coming in today Bo!
I just remembered being stuck backstage at the AMAs with Whitney Houston while Pink was rehearsing. Weird.
Spent my morning Photographing and Cataloging Mable Ringling's Linens
I feel like I'm taking crazy pills! How is Afro Blue not in the final??? Complete miss.
Does any Political News Junkies or Journalists want to chat on here? Does the "Mainstream" Media have it in for Romney & Supporting Obama?
Correction - #StoudDay is today!
he looked so good (:
but just NOT pretty enough, lol!
you left out Hayward for the packers selection on your list
gaining on first place :) woo!
Had about three cups of coffee tonight, seems to have put my tummy in a twist... Not fun! :-(
Sweet dreams, Maurice Sendak. If we only had Wild Things, it would have been enough. Picture book perfection. But there's Mickey! & Rosie!
yes! This!
Obama proposes $8billion community college career fund to train 2million workers 4 well-paying jobs in high-demand industries
"Fun fact: The original name for Selena's character, before she became Alex Russo was Brooke O'Malley. #WOWPFact” omg. Ew.
What happened in#AZ #sports tonight? #coyotes lose #nhl, #diamondbacks lose #mlb, not a good night for us!!
Eleanor Hamilton~ A compliment is a gift not to be thrown away carelessly unless you want to hurt the giver.
Everything good on my end
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1719 author Sir John Hawkins was born. He was the author of the first history of music.
what's you're #? I'll hit you up when I'm there! Cause I live at summerlin.
Geography expert? Nice...
Snowing ... but no graupel and no thunder snow. Very disappointed.
Pitchers and catchers report in 13 days.
help us spread the word on my #candidacy to run against #EricCantor. Like FB, RT.
Pumpkin spice latte?
You can't force timing.
re Bike Race, Nicely done. Too bad you made such a TERRIBLE decision re Barrett's Trolley-Folly!
he sure did! This is one of my fav's ^ag
Sadly thr shall be no live tweeting from the conference sessions as thr is no internet access in the conference rooms & I have a dumb phone
Hi guy who broke into my car. It's me again. You saw it from the outside. What made you think the inside would be any better?
cool - I will. July. Until then I'm exercising but not going crazy because of the radiation. Reasonable?
Miss you!!! P.S. We have been using you as inspiration for our photoshoots lately! ;)
Ole Miss looks like they r wearing practice jerseys.
#BrennanDoctrine says every POTUS is Assassin-in-Chief - the ultimate King, Czar, or Mafia Don. Does anyone with power/influence disagree?
I blame the loss on the fans that sold there tickets to giant fans!
I still can't believe that #ROFLcon is a real thing. It sounds so delightful.
hmm hmm hmm haha I'm good buddy. Hope you're doing well! Aren't elections coming up soon?
We Should Trend #TurnToYou for (:
s/o to and my other followers
You two are killing me.
Straightening my hair & then washing it the next day <<<<<< ugh :/
like a fart?
Nunez is on pace for 9 errors tonight, if extrapolation is your thing.
Me & been thinking the same thang this whole game <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
She wants to feel safe with you like you will never let anything happen to her.
I'm not a real movie star. I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago.
Conf. Call #4 for the weekend. At least there is progress.
does Do they have to be on the show? 'Cause my vote goes to my 1 yr old shaking to "Im sexy and I know it". She works out.
Everyone be hating on Bitch Plz I don't see you on May weathers corner .. Now shut the fuck up pussy
thank u n ur welcome =]
BIG ASS BEERPONG TOURNEY TONITE !!! $5 PITCHERS OF BEER ALL NITE LONG
When gives me a dollar for writing down her bell ringers for her >>>
and for the second night in a row I stay up late with full acknowledgement that I have to wake up super early. Dangit! Why won't I learn?!
New issue on the racks and online at www.matc-clarion.com
sessions tonight 10pm WEDU PBS on Florida's west coast.
My Therapist went to the school that I go to now. Hahah. What a small world.
New likes! Thank you friends!
Never watch the Bachelor but OMG they are in belize! There's Lamanai! And the Cayes!
Fucking with these kids that go kids. (;
20 minutes for my youngest to eat an ice cream cone. New record? God help me.
Excited to get my branding & geek on at #powerx today!
Wow u did a lot well u did get it done u did get it done right?
yo always make me smile <3
Do we really need $1B stadiums? Unless your name is Jerry Jones or you are two NY teams sharing? Seems so excessive.
So, does this mean we can end the "war on terror"?
I realized two things today...
I need a Twittervention.
Ok- I'm on a bus, and I just watched a guy txt for like 15seconds without looking up at the road! Wow! I'm glad I'm on a bus :) lol
"Overflowing with a thousand amens!" - Rev. Jim
..with pleasure..now following
El Paso with my mom:)
Almost done with our new film!!!!
I know this to be true.
Hot pink fishnet stockings, pink boots, boa and hotpants. Oh yeah!
Fuckin up hard with
I was called a unicorn today due to my virginity..... the fuck.
I'm getting drunk of the thoughts of you naked id get you like oh baby baby oh baby baby.. aaaauuuuu baby baby oh baby baby (;
Had wonderful help check out. Thanks Ann for your help!
15 days since tweeting! Dang. I be a busy dog!
Cadbury Egg. Peeps taste like plastic.
sounds like someone is giving oral in the background lol
4 Aces Invites you to our Happy Hour today from 3 to 7, with music by DJ Cruz!
okay scream it tour is divide by 3 color groups. Red is half of the bands, blue is the other half. & gold is all the bands.
After attending the first two games of the Orioles-Rangers series, I can honestly say, the Rangers are by far the best team in baseball.
PS anyone who tells you that Angel is better than Buffy is spewing utter HOGWASH.
Envious of all my museum tweeps hanging out at #AAM2012 Keep the panel highlights and hilarious anecdotes comin' ;)
rendition sidewise: The Effectiveness Of Video Promotion In ...
Too many notes.
followed you! And me! Haha
Hahahaha:) you are crazy!! But I love you just the same
Like does he have kids who goin now b starving? Is his fiance poor, homeless or something?? Like WTF they need money 4?
High scores are better on this Klouchebag thing, right?
Anyone know of good beach vacations with little kids?!
At airport waiting to board plane to Vancouver before heading to Edmonton...time to get some reading done
I don't actually know that. I don't think I've ever really carried a 7 layer cake. I was going for the imagery.
hey Olivia
people have been saying you were on a tinychat tonite, I thought you didn't do tinychats anymore???
Don't post links to a lg # of ur old blogs that are now irrelevant...I'm forced to unfollow and I don't like the extra effort of this
RT Friends make the bad times good..and the good times unforgettable
-- Thomas, my press wants to send you a PDF of the book. What's your email address?
Yaaay for me
Hard decision....
They ate food from Cosco and ordered from several pizzeria's so as not to raise suspicion. Spouses didn't even know
Spring Break!
I think it's time to quit facebook. Too many boring baby pictures and coffee updates.
she knows she loves us so its okay
(; now you have me craving ice cream!
yeah I agree with that, but just like girls were scared to get judged..
another day, another interview. can i observe this intricate, corrupt system without becoming it?
were yu at
:o Ur crazy mama!
well.. the sky. But I wish you were in my dreams.
like or dislike?
Seen about as much of Richmond as I can handle for a while.
Have lived in Manhattan for over 20 years and have never taken the ferry to the Statue of Liberty. Going today with my sister and nephew!
update, Barbershop Punk screening in Tucson at Loft Cinema Thursday night! Georgia is sick and sadly can't attend :( have a DIY Q&A
Only 6 more episodes of LOST to watch and then I will be totally caught up on two years ago.
Quite the opposite!
Devils looking like the Stanley Cup teams from the past....TRAP!
The Boss is in town! Pre Bruce Springsteen live broadcast with Chuck Nowlin from WZLX at 2pm!
thank you 4 following me
No, somehow the air quotes come through loud and clear from the tone of voice. It's all very self-referential. (And annoying.)
doing alright;) thanks!! Trying to get everything done for my daughterd communion sunday;)
Which game you going to? I work the FS South games Sunday through Thursday. Let me know when you'll be there!
On my way to school... -__-
AWWW .. I feel entirely special this morning. I've been asked to be a part of the Central PA Symphony's "Dancing With the Stars"!!! ...
Twilight and den knocking out work tomm -_- ! Uqh hate Mondays.
#smbmad use scorm to measure your videos to increase viewer retention.
I have some music coming soon, so hopefully we can do some work.
I want a Rolex so bad
where you (supposed to be) flying?
It's a Neil Simon month starting this week 'Rumors' and 'The Odd Couple'
Nah, just just the WIFI version. I would never use the 3G so I only go with WIFI. I'm always aroudn a hotspot anyways.
About how many people are going to be there?
No toilet? Find the nearest bottle :)
Unscheduled landing in ATL due to lightning/storms in Talladega
hey do you know that # for Marko ??? Pretty please tell me as soon as possible :):)
After a spring tour& 4 months since our last #Pittsburgh show, we're playing a homecoming show April 26 w/
OMG PEP DON'T LEAVE US
Now, he can be stranded on second for the first time in his career.
I reckon today will be a Temptations day. Stating with Ain't Too Proud to Beg!
I took Barnes Business College
So far the best part about this game. The previews for 'The Dictator'. #Superbowl ...........nevermind
Case in point RT : ...with flyers, radio time and with youtube not by sending another bands fanbase useless msgs
RFT #Libra can forever play the "smiley-face" game and pretend everything is fine and beautiful.
maybe we reached the mountain peak .. and theres nothing left to climb , so lets start over
All this does is raise more questions.
Derrick Favors could be a steal for Denver after all. Plus 2 picks could bring more size. Need size to beat the Lakers.
Straight men of Lowe's are annoying.
I would cry forever
Is there any way you can get others involved? Like, start a petition or get some publicity about it? It seems like they...
missing keg/panties in the kitchen/pants in dining room/hungover this morning to ernie from sesame street this afternoon..
No reckless camp for me... but please do have fun!
Thanks for that tweet on staying young is an inside job. I do believe that and try to take care of myself from within
I need something to do in the mean time
What about mine?
I'm so there! “: Planning hot cider, hot chocolate, and pumpkin cheesecake truffle pie for Harvest of the Arts Oct 7!"
Manimal says, "No tacos for you!"
Check your DM.
Get the latest hair dos/looks of your favorite stars! Come get one #Oakland 510 8321100 $75 sewin
If straight men hit on me as much as gay men did I'd be in business.
But everyone who does what is true comes to the light, so that all may see that his actions are accomplished through God."
Sitting in church with waiting for the concert to begin. Looking forward to it!
Happy Friday! This week's #ff is for all the places you can buy #repurpose cups
“: dear boys, if you don't look like abercrombie models, don't expect us to look like victoria's secret angels.”
i see u .....turn around (no) turn around (no) bitch turn the fuck around :)
Handing out free stuff = easy job unless your uptown... Swarmed by 16 ppl.. I almost punched a old lady..Rude ass
Haha the good ol' days. I think learned more about business from that tour than from any college class. How've you been?
have you played yet sir?
Always look people in the eyes. Be a good listener, give honest answers, and smile with an open heart. People can feel you in your actions.
yeah, actually we all met at a modeling agency! Creating music is sort of a side thing. ;)
The Bride of Ultron and Count Nefaria sagas from 1977 hold up very well.
On Directv, ESPN2 Timbers telecast syncing up perfectly with radio call on 95.5 The Game. Nice to have John Strong's Portland spin.
Listening to HAIR, singing into hairbrush. I think I forgot I'm a pop singer for 5 whole minutes + then remembered I GET TO TOUR THIS SHIZ!
Next segment is about latino & black relations. We listened to Dr. Maria Torres' story & now her thoughts.
the New Jersey Nets are now... 4-45 - oy!
Lv this!: "Be aware of how you support your children in doing work that is worthy of the world."
hey, mother nature, since you didn't let it snow all winter, you think you can give us a warm summer?
Had a dream I got married last night...in a black sequin wrap dress.
I wonder what the band Pepper is doing these days.
Bout to do this last minute shopping with my sister for my moms gift! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It's been great, especially for standard documents and when you want to get that signature fast to move forward!
it was really a 4 worder
Q. Difference between a man buying a lottery ticket and a man fighting with his wife... A. A man has a chance at winning at the lottery.
I like to kick and stretch!
excited about couple Latinbeat at the Film Society of Lincoln Center Aug. 10-24, NY Intl Latino Film Festival from Aug. 15-21
did you see our starting lineup today?
Lol @ all these whiny ass kids going in on Bruno Mars because he beat Justin. BRUNO IS A BETTER SINGER, K.
TEET ME ! :D TWEET ME ! :D FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW <3 TWEET <3 FOLLOW <3 TWEET ME <3!!!!
Agree appears to have little practical effect, but the gap between the top and bottom is dangerous and this lets off some steam
Oh, & the Gallery Store is open for you to get some great holiday gifts & the cafe, slate at the museum, is open for you to fill your tummy.
Happy St. Patrick's Day Columbus!
poor baby..You jinxed him to failure when you named him! but I bet you he'll do something very inspiring in his lifetime.
I'm only gonna be in Vegas for 3 days, but I packed for 10.
Training Truth: If you are playing with your smart phone during a training session, you aren't training smart.
Get me to created butte already
I thought napping was in the class syllabus??
Good morning Adelaide!!! Put your Nikes on, it's time to SWEAT!!!
Japanese Residents Affected by Fukushima Disaster to Speak March 11 By Dave Rice | Posted March 2, 2012,
I love when your down and people do all they can to make u smile.
Family, work off some playoff excitement with adult skate tonight at Cascade from 9p to 12a featuring !
So glad you came by!
Why don't you try using firefox? I had the same problem, but with firefox, everything's cool.
Why do the cheetos and chaco taco commercials depict people "poorly" dancing? And why are they showing my dance moves and calling them bad?
RT : on stage to talk about Facebook Mobile stuffs
I look a little too much like Daria with my glasses on..
Dempster kills it. Wood blows save in the 8th, Marmol takes the loss in the 9th. Cubs lose. Didn't I see this game before? Soriano sucks too
what's good with the ugly bitch in picture ?
alright, meow RT : Got 2 hang w/ some cool cats in Milwaukee today. +
sitting here acting like she can read
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Glide Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
we are working on it! They are written just waiting:)
Prepare for a beating
“: "I've preached too much, & studied too little." - Billy Graham”
Lunch patio open busy day. Summer smells creeping through the air love Milwaukee
Love what G O D loves. (all people, not just the ones you choose to love)
hello Melky!!! Follow me;)
we have something in common(: hahaha
Will I look like Joe Gordon Levitt in 50/50 or Beckham with buzz cut? We are about to find out. Have pork pie hat in case things go bad.
I have a Honda Civic omg let me add some nice lights and stickers & I'm #JDM too
We have some great things in store for you! Thanks for being great to us! :)
I feel so fat.
RT :just realized that 's show will now compete with and the ! wtf?
but I am as sick as the proverbial dog, so don't be too jealous.
Thank you for the mention! Really appreciate.
Just got a confirmation. I am now a member of the Central Texas Golf Tour! My first tourney is next week.
#ihatewhen muthafuckas hog tha blunt ! puff puff pass bitch ! damn.
me too! I'm in Brenham. Headed to College Station today......Aggieland
It's the fewest points per game that Kentucky has allowed in a single season since 1983-1984 (58.4).
That's me right now #RealNiggaShit ": #ShoutOut to all the niggas on the clock wasting time"
Damn...who is the hot physio on the Chelsea bench! I am backing her to score next!
Can't wait for my V-Day B-Day dinner @ #EddieMartini's.
My 9yr old niece just explained this #elfontheshelf thing to me. Words cannot describe how creeped out I am right now.
of course! Let's set the date!
Thanks David, and thanks for the shout-out!
Ion give a'f if they dont like me ! Aha ..
I love Poe's works and have been known to love John Cusack, but I have very low expectations for this movie. :(
I don't understand why my fucking electricity bill is so fucking high.
Break That Single show is on 11am to 1pm PST M/F Breaking new music for the world to enjoy.
Great to see and today. :-)
aw thks but im gud but u need too eat n go to sleep
Extremely nervous about the Bucks messing up a Bogut trade.
what heads u use on it?
Finally got a haircut <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
watching my favorite girl from the 60644 on style by June
still need to get demi lovatos new cd #UNBROKEN or I WILL CRY D:
All Interior Designers, Architects, Builders and other followers, please follow , she a friend and great to follow!
Sorry we have been away been busy working on some exciting things, new update coming in a minute.
Girl put your records on, tell me your favorite song. Just go ahead let your hair down ~
Excited as always to hear perform this Thursday 10PM-1AM. 21+ No cover ever.
whens ur bday and can u follow me back please?
Drive safely and slow down! It's better to lose a minute of your life than to lose your life in a minute.
I don't have time for complacency and average.
talk some Derby 136...lookin at lucky?
Wilde, Bronte, Eliot, Dickens, Thackery but not Kipling.
and always great to have you Master Collins:) RT : looking fwd to Wed
Going to some mirror maze ma-jig...
thanks! Social networks are blowing up over new law and rodricks. Glad so many people care
Come check us out www.lebury.com
It feels good wakin up to money in tha bank.
MISS YOU TOO HALEY . <U+E052> what's up GURLL ?
followed back! you're from Pasadena?
NEMO'S DAD: "Don't touch the boat!" NEMO: "YOLO."
In my recent poll, Kiss put on the best concert. ?
Terrible Towel rocks
Men are like roses; watch out for all of the pricks.
What was your favorite Grammy's moment? Who was best dressed?
and its a frat tribal tat
#nikejoe Kim Kardashian Institute for Marital Longevity
Very moving episode
Lol Man, now I cant stop rubbing ma belly because of >.>
I may or may not be in Iowa the 1st weekend in June. What about the 2nd?
Gearing up for my weekly nerd rage.
In hindsight, starting Justin Masterson today may have been a bad idea...
If you wanna text RT THIS I'LL DM MY NUMBER TO 3 PEOPLE(:
Back from #ila2011. Lots of great learning, exchanges, connections, and memories!
Keynote from Omamofe Boyo of happening now at #CUAEF!
90% of oral cancer occurs in Boomers (age 45-plus). Early detection can improve survival rate by 80%. source: www.OralCancerAwareness.com
thx for checking out our trailer--we'll be headlining & Film Festival Tour, I'll send you a link when we launch!
If you didn't get my email, then email from the acct u used when you registered. Use subject line BOOMER.
Excellent point,
Movie time now watching Captain America !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
better not. Ha
I'm done with you. Lol
How can I forget a #FF for . Absolutely love reading her blogs.
Now you're followed back. Yay.
I Don't Wanna See Anyone Sad, Depressed, Broken, Alone
Just watched that last night, what did you think?
Awesome! Wow, a company that actually knows how to keep a secret these days!
excited for a sunday night drink with !
tell Nicky I said Happy Birthday
Loving one another is a gift. People say we only really love once. Is it true?
why would u ask that lol? a friend is always good. i'm fine just how it is :)
Worst dream I've had in a while. )):
ok secret safe with me
Don't dwell on who let you down, cherish those who hold you up
Mark your calendars. The Mighty Hannibal is scheduled to receive a proclamation from the City of Atlanta at City Hall, 1pm Aug 15.
My constipation is gone thank you #Giants!! Big Blue Baby
Right. Also who have they played other than us and Cuse?
BEHIND my beltway; discussions of below belong elsewhere.
sparse crowd at Comcast Center......most likely kept away by constant rain........and a low-major opponent in Mount St Mary's.
I'm not surprised. Most of there products are garbage. Cheap ingredients for corporate profits!
Congrats to on their new online look.
what is your favorite song to sing?
roll out of bed day at school, now i wanna go back to sleep!
Great, now I'm seeing Jimmy John's ads in my browser because they use tracking cookies. Fuck Jimmy John's.
congrats, Brent!
I could show you how to swim !
Ouch! Feel better my dear Hopefully it's not "liquid metal" like Terminator 2. :)
thanks buddy :)
Thumbs up for date info and interface improvements in the new 4.3 version of Google Earth.
-- Thank you for all the RT love today!
that's dope my man!, def well deserved!
Now I know that I cant make you stay, but wheres your heart?
what was?
AKA you're like batman. Every time there's bigotry, ignorance, and hate: will be there to confuse the fuck out of dumb ppl.
Don't cross to the dark side D: “: Darn you radio 1 for getting madonna stuck in my head! :(”
Thanks for the RT's on the "Glee" Effect, and !
Are you following us on Twitter yet? You can find us
not necessarily... Not if the purpose is to gather info relating to the project and to ensure accurate notes are taken etc.
u smell like a DOODOO SMOOTHIE!!!!
anytime :) Jairo and Jackie helped.
thanks for the follow!
If only my dreams became reality my life would be just perf.
I still think Donald Rumsfeld is a very handsome man. Very handsome.
Since when is there something wrong with being a hopeless matron homebody?
You don't have so start in LA, you can start in your country! Where do you live?
Celtic Frost - Circle Of The Tyrants
Job qualification: "Must pass celebrity visual test with score higher than 80%." If only I didn't waste all that time on that Poetry MFA!
So when am I coming over? It's not officially home till I've made an appearance=D
Iannetta, Nix, Cabrera, Hart, Gonzalez. Have the Mets allowed the most walk-off HRs in the majors this season?
lol sad but it does happen
legit faint. like hes so hot.
Ok it pisses me of, 1D is touring with BTR, it's BTR tour & if you don't like that they are touring with each other don't get mad at(c.)
Gabby gotta rewrite the love shit. Again. I don't care if we barely talk now. YOU'RE GONNA DO IT GIBS.
#3WordsThatWomenHate - #5dollarfootlongs Subway won't make a good date. Sorry. :(
We all call it our own thing...
I work well with others when they leave me the fuck alone.
Finally got to watch our Live Music video for "This home" Pumped to show everyone :D
In my opinion, there is no success without perfection...
What Russ said! Aggies, oh Aggies! The hills send out the cry, we're here to do or die...
lol Brooklyn :D um white trash duh
Newport. Aren't they all rich there?
": Let's go cats!!!!! Show why you guys are the best team in nation #BBN #WeAreUK"
i cant 2day sweetheart on Wednesday i can
I think in most African countries children are breastfed till 4-5 years old.
From mCommerce Summit: One retailer recently saw a 15% conversion increase just by adding social reviews to their site
Thx 4 choosing 2 taxiwithus! RT : I'm in a flash cab but its not ...still smells nice. Lets see if I can pay with CC
Wow! Congrats! RT : We are so honored that we won 7 out of 8 industry awards at #paradeofhomes Our team is awesome!!
our apologies for the Simpsons repeats. It's a contractual issue with the syndicator. Will be resolved July 1st.
Ron wants to...I may be up for first half
always my dude
woohoo I love my raiders
Ok Milwaukee let the countdown begin to the show this Wed #TurnerHallBallroom. You know you wana dance so take your medicine
do you tell her the same things you told me?
So? Who is excepting resumes in the entertainment industry? My resume is pretty impressive if I do say so myself.
I'm pretty sure that is a Kentucky shirt behind Louisville's bench
i wish I had those wise words yesterday
Tea party on the couch with and watching My Best Friends Wedding...
Hey LeBron and Wade give it to Mario thanks...
Yes! RT : Wynwood Art Walk = So Much Fun! Can't wait for the next one!
And Newt is the most grotesquely large politicians since William Howard Taft.
RT want to see this weekend ? send HIM a tweet & the most interesting one gets free tix to his show! good luck!
Record temps in 2 minutes
...do u guys really hate eachother?
About 30 people on the parking lot at S 26th & Sidney for International Ride of Silence to honor cyclists hurt & killed by drivers.
Days where I wake up from crying, or cry off and on all morning, are the days where I realize I'm not as strong as I think.
If westernized economix does not adapt to 21st century we can expect the ultimate bankruptcy
No problem, I really like the concept and I will help you spread the word.
i was jus watching my biggest role model and my inspiration to creativity! still cant believe your gone. rip Mike Jack
wow. Just wow.
Well, we finally know what John Elway really thinks if Tebow. Peyton Manning now a
Welcome to the team Billy Smith, and Clayton Clark!
School can officially kiss my ass.
With cuts to school libraries $/staff, what tips do U have for TLs 2 "make it work" next yr? Will incl in my ISTE preso- plz retweet
lol next time i come back to visit we need to hang out
I was just going to accuse you of being a hockey fan.
"I can't go for that..." j/k nyuk, nyuk, nyuk... You were wonderful. Big, big fan right here. So proud...
"Concise or long," in the form of a PPT or DOC intended for presentation. No deadline, but takes most people "about a week."
maybe, it will take me some time to get use to it. I just don't see the point I guess. I'm up and running now so we will see.
Princess, having had sufficient experience with princes, seeks frog.
Mom, this internet connection is SO SLOW!
When adults pretend to be teens we privilege tech. Teens themselves might not agree
You serious? Don't forget where you came from, stay classy loser.
thx so much your so sweet(:
Congratulations to all the student awardees at the School of Liberal Arts Celebration of Scholarship Honors Convocation
Excellence is not a singular act, but a habit. you are what you repeatedly do. -Aristotle
u have sexy body cute u dace for u ? aww
MAD LOVE AND RESPECT TO MY BAR-BROTHER'S G-MONEY,BLOCK AND TRUTH OF BLACKMONEY ENT. GREAT WORKOUT AT THE GYM.
I'm dense when it comes to discouragement. - Lynn Abbey
it appears nic is settling. I'm in settlement judges court outside chambers right now. They are inside reviewing apparently.
soo how do you think you know me? xD
: so put on clothes
Honest baby i'll do anything you want to so can we finish what we started, don't you leave me broken hearted tonight.
taking tests all day in order to graduate high school :( failed my permit test..twice
Or tap the Vodka bottle at Bar on Buena!
We win. Timmy really is a Muscular Jesus. Thanks
someone's obsessed with one direction
EnglishMajor.com has added over 750 writers to the Amazon Mechanical Turk ecosystem.
I've been off coffee for a few weeks now... had two cups today and now I'm shaking I'm so caffeinated... Now I know why dogs need dog parks
The vintage-retro feel with a hip-hop flair makes 4949 lounge fast-growing lounge of the Las Vegas valley.
when the dowager countess rips off a devastating riposte, drink.
Im starting to dislike shopping
The Rami dress was offensive in its circus clownishness. I hated most all of them. And Kenley must be silenced.
Thanks for coming out! We'll have to do it again in the future. cc
lol so u must b a big fan of him #letmefindout yall want each other lol
your friend Kyle is hot .
#HeyRickyFicarelli <--- ... Let's get tweeting =)
sending Birthday Blessings your way, your territory will be enlarged even more this year !!! #LoveLife !!!
Come true but other than tht he's so sweet & down to earth very sweet loving caring & funny & he culd make us smile by little things
Gheez Matt lied about the full length cover. He promised that 9 months ago LOOL.
Load testing is more glamorous when you do it at 1AM with some beers. Dang students and their late night internet habits.
I do like me some SASS...
U know in movies how somebody's creeping around and then gets surprised by a dove taking off? That really happens.
Vision's last night w/ , , Andrea Elliott & Kodie Kubecka was a lot of fun!! So happy I have a day off today :)
Nice avatar. You're looking mighty pimpin' these days :)
Nothing like Jason Giambi...
#2thingsIknow 1. Boys have a penis & 2. girls have a vagina! - Kindergarten Cop
Emack an Bolio's is dangerously close to the Natural History Museum, where I may be spending just about every weekend for the next year.
Yes indeed, it has been a great time! Nice little vacation before I have to start studying for the bar exam
The real question here is why did the girl have yogurt at The Sink? Am I alone in this confusion?
If you say your going to do something do it. Don't leave someone hangin biotchhhh
LOVE Bears all things, Believes all things, Hopes all things, Endures all things, Love Never Fails.
Take it to the Cross, Nail it there! Don't forget, YOU ARE #FORGIVEN! God loves you no matter your past or present, Halleluiah!
I really can't take in most of the pictures I've seen ..she's just so amazingly flawless! <U+2665>
Follow me I follow you back
In the process of taking Taylor off the bottle n she fighting me every step of the way but I guarantee imma win
Friday night? Cinco de Mayo? Oh. *Rolls over in bed*
Knowledge is power and enthusiasm pulls the switch
Hey Guys!
Day before the start of our next training cycle. So much to do!
body lice ? i have tht too!! lol
gmyh is not what I expected but I freaking love it ah can't wait for the entire thing asdfghjkl
plz plz plz follow me I love u and u r so awesome I wanna meet u and listen to you u complete me luv ya #LEGGO plz and thx
absolutely amazing! From Bristol to Bath to Frome to London. Stopped by a few London #t-shirt shops along the way. Very creative
I will be there. We HAVE to meet!
whats that for?
an honor to be in the collective wellbeing camp with you! <3 <3 <3
I will try to be there not sure though girl
Next time in Austin then. Good luck with the event!
Now I feel like I should go die! Great! Legit cry my eyes out right now!
Invigorated by AFP Maryland Fundraising Day conf. That said, no hash tag...big divide, methinks, btwn mktg/pr and fundraising.
Of course! It's 4:00am, so today is not going to be fun.
": #ChasingthatCheck is always the best feeling on the world" Get money mane!!
just wanted to wish you a happy Friday! Thanks for all the twitter support for both me and :)
There are no short cuts in LIFE :( :(
Thanks for the RT :)
isint AT&T lte larger right now. Also it'll fall back to hspa+ right? I haven't even seen a new iPad.
OKC lost man..I thought they was gonna win
Hope you're alright. My awesome screenwriting instructor reminds us to be compassionate to ourselves . Keep a growth
“Being your self its all a takes if you want to be impressed someone dont be some one else just be your self” - Selena Gomez
Boo butt go add me on Facebook and tell all your friends :)
Last day of FINALS at JHU. Quiet around here. Most of our guys are already home on break. Enjoy the Holiday Season!
An example of how relatively easy winter's been in Milwaukee: 23.1" of snow so far this year as of 2/24. This time last year: 53.1".
Interesting story on - report says Mercedes convertible, Toyota Solaris, Scion TC & Hummer most ticketed vehicles.
I take what I said back! Chuck & Blair's are a much better pair. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Maracay Homes Wins 'Builder of the Year Award' - Explorer News Maracay Homes Wins 'Builder of the Year Award ' Explorer News Maracay Home
All about the he says she says bullshit!!!
Damn here I go with that thinking shyt. Only if all my questions could be answered.
training next week, then work after that woohoo
Just got my 10th "______ cancer" follower. Unconscionable that people would exploit that theme to create Twitter spam.
Yum! You think those cupcakes are vegan?? ;)
The Sunnyside of Life: Ty, perceptive & inspirational...then again, evil does exist, and there's sufficient evidence of it, is there not? :D
Bout 2 test them waters, "Ooh Daddy" commin up!
Lots of people have digital printers to print on clothing.
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
s/o to my new follower she sexy AF so y'all nigggas need to get intune with her
Is that Packers at Colts game on 10/7 one of those games that could be hard for GB to get fired up about? AFC opponent, no Manning, etc.
Did anybody else catch the sheepdog demos at Maryland Sheep & Wool this weekend? It was so fun watching those Border Collies do their jobs!
It must be nice
CMS: Curtiss Grymala explains that the success he and Derecki achieve are shared with the rest of the academic community.
I'm gettin way 2 tired for this ish -______-.....jus wanna sleep away the worries n strife
I know. But I don't mind if they add Wasp. You know what I really want? A Birds of Prey movie! A good one, please.
Sometimes just BEING STILL is the quickest way to get to your destination.
sometimes I dont know when to shut up.......but Im just keeping it real....arent I?
Sleep.. Peace<U+270C>
Happy three-day weekend!! Go to kufo.com to hear our podcast of todays hilarious show! Word.
ayyy! y'all knew wut was goin down before it went down! hope y'all meet her next time out west
I have seen Miss Jessies in Target stores, so I would locate one in Ala!
Colorful talk on shareable mobility. See the recap to learn how American cars have more rights than people....
Will do, thanks!
We believe these unique products will put food on the tables of women in need, hope into the souls of girls imprisoned in human trafficking
It's amazing what unity can do. ": Hermanos,friends, family have raised appox. $15K. Avg. funeral cost for 1 person is $8K"
Si inspired by ! Thank you GOD for giving me a new outlook on things. 1st wednesday = AMAZING!!
November 11th--LAST DAY for Make-A-Wish Foundation of Wisconsin's at GRIND. Stop by and make a different.
are they getting it? I'm watching Gray slack at practice.
Its the same
good. but to be fair, my philosophy is environmental impact / factory farming vs inherent ethical issue with eating animals
Ive been away for a week.....so many good things going on in Kentucky. I am so proud of our team. 8th National Chanpionship
OK creosote
I do favor TWE as they hooked me up with a couple fingers of Black Tot Rum when I was there.
awww so cute and fluffy! =D
Beating my wife in words free. Fun times.....for now lol. I think she's getting frustrated with me
yes dad, im still listening to christmas music in may. why? just ask justin bieber.
half the truth is still a LIE!
where are you headed?
Spartans!! Expectations exceeded. Wait ... Is that Cher?
thanks! Chicken n waffles later?
Happy New Year Kiritimati
dnt make decisions when yu're angry . dnt make promises when yu're happy .
You too! We HAVE to get together soon! I need to meet your mini-me! Happy new year! Tell you mom I say hi too!
=( feel better
That's kinda what I'm thinking. And adding the tech stuff I learn to a skills section. They can ask more if they like, but it'll be
Wow...Nick Johnson
Good Afternoon Twitterverse! I hope everyone is having a Fab and productive Monday!!!
when a buyers name popping up between different groups around the same time behind drugs that's police
Canada won't take us! That's where Mexicans were trying to get to RT“: omg I would move to canada he is gw bush reincarnated!!”
Fished with Matt this weekend, saw the in-laws, saw the folks and is glad Sage is back-- school starts tomorrow!
I am so overwhelmed with this essay revision. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Lucia, we need to meet. It's fate.
wow you are a real hero (not to mention nut job
Are You Mad At Me ?
teaford just threw a big yellow hammer
Fireflies, Hello Seattle and The Saltwater Room has been stuck in my head all day. I love those songs though. I <3 C:
#Braves win... finally! Now lets try to get this ship headed in the right direction.
In Madison at the rally
at the library with my friends that are girls. Jaycie, Brianna, Ashley and Rachel. i feel homo.
I can't believe they actually aired that mess!!
I'll check!
- we just upped the # of connections to our server - is the link working for you now? If not please email us at
Good luck! RT : 15 Minutes to go!!
yeah dude same one
I like to think so! ;)
Not really. One, I'm lazy and two, I would feel bad putting a lot of my kids in a world filled with so many stupid people.
Remember that we are just as guilty of greed as the man on wall street. No one will shoot you if don't buy name brand, or too big a house.
it'll grow back by homecoming. No worries.
wouldn't it be funny if they randomly switched starting 9's walkup songs...so Helton walked up to Cuddyer's Skrillex
how u doin
watching on <3
Injuries might be forcing Bochy's hand (thank GOD!)...Seems like a pretty good deal to me.
Genius RT Why doesn't the MLB shop sell pyjamas that are exact (but made of cotton) replicas of uniforms? Seems so obvious
I miss your smile, but I miss mine even more.
enjoyed chatting with you tonight!
Let the Adobe CS6 Master Collection installation begin!!!
Pizza or Pasta? Pizza!
Oh yeah, I've seen that.
Why are some people so mean? And its usually people that don't know squat about you. What are you trying to prove?! Congrats, youre a bully.
I'm obsedee par Maangchi's recipes!
k not a spam, i'm the owner, veronica so like, follow my other twitter mahomies! <3 I follow back!!
Station 62 Crew "C" did a great job yesterday fighting a car fire right in front of the village in. Good job guys!
Always give that special person your all or nothing at all!
I remember those, do they still make them?
Reading the North
As I validate my XML coding with the editor, I'm thinking I still have to proofread every word I key: 17th-cent. German in fraktur & antiqua
I hate facebook stalkers! I prefer to stalk the old fashioned way with binoculars and an erection!
8. High-performance people are generally self-improving.
Thought Hunger Games was one of the best book to movie adaptations I've seen.
Nothing like a #LongIsland diner for breakfast. Candlelight Diner in Commack, so many memories here
I had a dream last night that Ryan Braun was in this store and there was this toilet and started to go pee. He then missed the toilet and..
where is that thing you were talking about?
PRUSSIA IS AN ORGAN
Yes. You can either use the hdmi port if it has one or get an vga-hdmi adapter.
No matter what goes w/obmamacare-the pres. has surely underestimated the american people!
made it to chi town for no traffic no construction WTF? gonna b a great night!
My stomach hurts so bad.
Watching Jeopardy.
Nigga got court in the A...M
And to all a good night...
Haha stick it to the man
220 followers yeah!!!(;
Can't knock the hustle
Nick and u facebook? -.-
R.I.P to my inspiration who made a difference- WHITNEY HOUSTON
can some more people follow
Is Sophie alive?!
Happy May Day! Give 'em hell, Occupiers!
he also can tweet self deprication, ladies and gentlemen. “: no worries ;)”
I love seeing headlines like 'LNG Could Cause Unrest in Hela Province'. No wait: Really?
Softy, can you call your boy Jim Mora and tell him to STOP TALKING! he's awful...
Please, Please, Please, North Carolinians: Do the right thing. Vote NO on Amendment One.
That's because our team isn't so dependent on the draft for 2012 like some PNW teams. :)
Imma be up all night doing lots and lots of hmk. And the funny thing is I just been sleeping all day.
please follow me Justin <3
Hey just got to work?...where have you been???? The FIRST response to this debacle and you're an HOUR LATE.
Observation, who buys cabbage?
Awesome day today listening to one direction ..... Belting the songs :D #one direction
haha been there before, luckily people on Twitter easily forgive us humans ;)
Just gotta get through this week.....stay-cation next week!!!
On my way to New Hampshire for the republican presidential primary
metro officers on bicycles on the Strip?
goodnight twitter world :)
YES dinner w and I ?
so much for the expresso line
#lawinds Power returned to more of Mt. W.90065 !! thanks to the crews
that's it. buying an ipad today.
But for real someone bring me taco bell
Talhotblond on msnbc was nuts! What a twist.
purple eyeliner just arrived
or a dog that's fucking haunted! Hahaha
A sexual advance and the word "discotheque" in the same utterance? "Yes, m'am, I'd hope I'd be more handsome to you than your son."
Whur all dem cut3 boiz at? Hahaha imagine if I actually talked like that...and it actually worked. ;P (P.S. Can you tell that I'm bored)?
ur such a butt, but i love u bunches
In the words of Bill Withers... "It's gonna be a lovely day!"
Imagine #Gronk #Welker #Hernandez & Straight Ca$h #RandyMoss on the #Pats ! How about Madden #13 with Moss? Add =
Just donated blood...feel amazing about it!
Rebel America Inc. lands ESPN Sports TV Placement. Congrats to the songwriters and producers that contributed on this project
!!!! RT : I wish I didn't need to pay my phone bill
#SammyHagar restaurant to open in Roseville. Cool!
You look like Tiger Woods!
Lmfao, thanks! :D
A lot of bad things have been said about me, but there not true. You can ask my followers if they are true. Peace :-(
Should probably try to go back to sleep.. Bc when me and young yambo get up we're I-10 bound <U+263A>
#sdmayornp Fletcher getting closer to answering question, talks about the future, but did not get there.
: Rumors and Gossip are small things to GIANTS. Fly Pass.
Lionsgate shockingly (not) picks the least inspired choice for Catching Fire. Eh. Whatever. We'll all have moved on by 2013.
At a rooftop shindig. The view of the Mississippi river is so peaceful I could sit here all day. Should I move downtown? :-)
Dont call me then not answer when i call
What time is the us now?
in the shortest possible answer. NO. Ron Paul, has SOME decent views. But, theyre all very crispen glover via Charlie's angels
I would, if I could pay for the food in hugs too.
will do.
uh oh.
Indeed...pay the man.....
I dig Ali, but revisiting the Thrilla tapes, I realize what a prick he was! Joe would've needed 2 B enlightened 2 get over that SH-T.
Tech N9ne- "I'm A Mental Giant" .. Song is the shit! Somebody should listen lol
did he really thats AMAZING!!!
Ryan Grant is not the same Ryan Grant he used to be. We have Green and Starks to carry the load. I for one am glad we get to save some cap.
Tired of working on my promotion packet. I vow to do a better job over the next seven years so I am not cramming at the end again!
Thanks for including me!
Are you able to add logos to the Sphinx Personal #Lounger?
Make my reservation, table for 3 ... ITS GOING DOWN
RT : Best ad so far - Eli confidently sipping Gatorade on the sideline - by the Gatorade cooler!"
is heading to Lodge Grass, MT tomorrow for the annual work trip with the church.
Accidents dont happen in the ring, orton? Ask Owen hart about that.
There are other funny pictures in that gallery - the square satellite, the nuclear plant cooling tower on wooden stilts ...
I hope everyone has a great week!
The truly great man is the man that makes every man feel great. ~ G.K. Chesterton
So, i tried again. $1.60 later turns out the machine was right should left it alone,damn but i did get a flyer for a rap show i'm not going
Help me!
You must be tired, cuz you've been running threw my head all day.
Got issues to address at 7:30 AM
Google doesn't see your video as it is. You have to optimize it. Make use of every nook and cranny.
I want new Toms and Sperrys
All the cool kids pee their pants
The Scott County Cardinals earned a spot in the 11th Region semifinals with a 77-62 win over Lafayette.
Happy Birthday girly. Ur welcome 4 those soft birthday punches, unlike Rob and Lorin
It boggles my mind to think that there are black members of the tea party. Talk about voting against your own interest.
Tearing up this food, it's long overdue.
Enjoying a Lilja's Sasquatch Stout brewed "behind the cheddar curtain" by Pangaea. Smooth, roasty, balanced - very nice!
good morning! :) guess who woke up at 7:30 am to clean so she could go out later? this girl did! :)
sounds cool. what's your vision board?
“: Smells like team spirit.” lol
Join us this Friday at for our Official Opening Day Tailgate! Drink specials, signs, handouts, parade to stadium. 11am-2pm.
It's not me either.
I woke up to this: #MayThe4thBeWithYou... I sat there laughing for like 5 minutes! Pathetic? I think so :P
So close to our next Facebook drawing, I can feel it! Only 11 more fans needed before we raffle off an upgrade to Version 9.1!...
Twilight also served as the Principal of the Orleans County Grammar School in Brownington, VT and served on the Vermont State Legislature
dayumm, I'm hella disappointed bout the BLS but I get it, You gotta do what you gotta do! & I'll be waitin for part 50 hehe ;)
what are you doing to get your protein? Are you still eating eggs and dairy?
Need help planning your next trip or exotic vacation? #Follow-->>my friend for great travel ideas.
1st time in 10+ years I didn't do a bracket and glad after seeing these games today
Your past will lead you to your destiny. What you thought was a tragedy was preparation for your destiny.
In an inadvertently religious convo this morning with a christian coworker, she kept referring to "psalms" as "palms." *facepsalm*
I think I've discovered my "type," it appears to be sarcastic, inappropriate assholes. Obvi.
dnlding rain now. vid is amazing 2; make it a part of fundraiser! i'd buy it! looking 2 buy vid you did with ceelo 2. where?
not only does she kick ass; she loves animals and bakes cakes! Right on!
Let's hope this makes a difference. RT Martens signs with NFL's Chargers: Spearfish native inks three year deal with ...
do u live by tht skatin rink.
I agree; I should have been clearer that it is more complicated than money; orgs need intellectual capital investment as well.
Check with Should be coming soon!
awww thanks I love you username :)
ahahaha no lol jk idk she keeps the whole class she dont like us i guess :/
Talent working with joy in the cause of universal truth lifts the possessor to a new power as a benefactor.
The nigga who draws I'd eat just hit me up..laaawwwd take me now !!!
thnx so much, really appreciate it!
Droid getting Instagram is the newest reason to go to social networking and make racist statements? Wow.
Reverbnation.com/unknownakajondoe listen n vote for ' n my cadillac' ft maxima
I've heard of them but haven't checked them out yet, but now I will! :)
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
Thinking About You.. Frank Ocean
I think we need to get Rolling Stone tees/tanks for the day Dada plays at EDC
Love how all you national debt critics had no problem borrowing a trillion dollars for a needless war but think building roads will ruin us.
No :) just a fan
human rights activist now following & seeking to collab with
I like RT's I like RT's I like RT's I like RT's!
I wanna see next year. I cant this year. so 2013. Hoookk me up!
I'm Reading Such a Great Book! It's Called "The Giver" If You're Looking For a Book to Read, Definitely Read it! (: xx
Same here Ms.Candy
its lunch time now. Im sure can eat right now.
why do u care
Heard Russ Canzler on XM tonight, said he talked to Antonetti & was signed for his versatility & serve as a RH power bat v Lefties.
ha, I would LOVE an asst! Assume u would want to be paid tho, yes? ;) #no$ #stillpayingoffstudentloans!
Only 5 more LIKES and the new album gets posted! :)
Police: Ohio boy brings BB gun to fend off bullies
If he paid attention, ignorant a-hole Lovitz would know that PBO tax plan will only raise the rate on every dollar over 1 mil.
Transformers was aaaaaammaaaazzziinnggg!!!!!!!
Grilled pimento cheese with fried green tomato & bacon on sourdough.
RT : Happy National #Teacher Day! Did you have a teacher that inspired you?
“: Do you get nervous when your bank acct gets under $2000?” shit!! If I was I would through a party...
omg I thought u meant like period like blood period I was like.....um what?! But I see now(:
lemme get her number :o
I've taken both over summer courses. I always prefer on campus but taking both helps motivate you to get your online work done
We're open Late Night tonight at 24th and San Antonio street since it's Friday! 11pm-3am.
“You can’t pause toast Larry. It loses its essence.” Leon, Curb Your Enthusiasm:
I love my mom. She texts me "don't come it's very boring" -hahaha Ofcourse Imma go I got u roses n a card. Gotta represent how awesome u is!
MPAA bagman (Ex-Sen) Dodd on blackouts: "stunts that punish their users or turn them into corporate pawns." He's pissed; that's his job.
omg yuss i am but i just realized that my phone wasnt showing ur tweets to me, Im on the computer and i just saw this :/
I will keep this memory.
Container Store, I love you. My wallet, on the other hand, does not.
will do!
Hearing is now underway here in Dane County court on collective bargaining law.
Why is Anderson Cooper the only likable person in cable news? Literally, the only one.
Can you DM your MSN or I can DM mine and I'll show you there.
Display of Staunton Christmas lights disappoints resident - Staunton News Leader Display of Staunton Christmas lights disappoints residen
please follow me on keek xSuperwomanx3 i have to go i love you ! <3
I've been not okay, sorry it ducked my mind.
i know, thanks (:
Thanks for having me there! The pleasure was mine.
Ace Hood plays for the Nuggets
haha well I got ya now lol you missed out on Easter lol it was a cluster fuck lol
It's official...I am DONE Christmas shopping!! YAY!
Good morning. It's Friday. Amen.
Having stripper friends that are shady, not the business
Was disappointed to see , noteworthy man, sink to petty rhetoric. Hate? Come on, Bob. Debate issues on merit.
I'm eating an avocado salad with lentils. We be them people.
Education is useless unless used to increase productivity(standard of living) in society. Greed created education.
We seriously do want folks to dress up 1920s or red carpet style Tues. Some already got costumes and the thrift store doesn't take returns.
I Love My Freakin House dude.
Hmm, okay. Glad to know it's not just us, at least! Keep us updated if anything changes on your end... :)
Mr. Lincoln leaned back in his chair. "I'll risk him. God bless you, Hill! Bring back a palmetto, if you can't carry good news."
now data it's called "geo cache"
listening to the styletones' album in preparation for tonight's show! "my wings are dirty from doing the sanctified strut..."
congratulations, Lori! You just won a free year at EBSQ! Contact info [at] ebsqart.com to claim your prize. Happy 2012!
When you just can't stand someones voice... Ughh
Warm weather today and it's snowing... Ashes! Yikes! :(
WHY MUST I BE BROKE RIGH TNOW
Why doesn't everybody just leave everybody else the hell alone? – Jimmy Durante
Thanks for participating Marc!!
Had a night of bizarre dreams where I was making bass instructional videos for GG Allin songs. Maybe this is a sign.
The old roommate leaving a banana peel on the couch gets me every time.
Sure! Call me at office.
Oh god day today...things are looking up.
On the other hand, War Horse could be.
Modern family win.
What was it, tell me!
He's more of a single malt fan, admittedly.
“No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave. ” Calvin Coolidge
Welcome to Twitter
Gorgeous, Nick. Lush and terrifying and all those great things.
lol idk! I was just trying to sounds gangggstaa!! But whenever you want!
Why are you talking during my lesson?" ... "Why are you teaching during my conversation?"”
good one! thanks for the props....
Last minute tickets to the game with I'd love to see some crazy weather match this crazy game.
yea its Fucking horrible out there.
whoa really??? I used to like her a lot!
My doctor's receptionist tells me my visit will cost $70 -when I get there they tell me $79 b/c that's what the insurance co pays? RIP-OFF
If you are truly repentant of something one has ever done, you never forget! I still remember 1 I pulled in the 5th grade!
Fundraising event for Ronald McDonald House-- drink for a cause!
We started digitizing the Kearney Barton (local music on reel2reel) and Gary Greaves (local oral histories on cassettes) collections today.
When people tell show me things I saw on #Reddit months ago.
Gives me so much anxiety when I see them scrambling on the court.
No. A ticket for Thursday's game gives admission to both. A ticket for Wednesday must be exchanged.
what do you not like about the basic Twitter #app? Particular missing feature you look for?
Tough to get in a he said / said argument between big corp vs. blogger
well at first look she looks sluty kinda ...but she is so pretty even my mom said so!
some place by ben davis w my girls... It was white ppl. Lol thts why I don't fuck w white ppl !
Morbid! RT Can't decided if Asheville airport's tag line "Take the easy way out" is just plain morbid or divinely inspired.
that was the most awful movie ive ever seen, horrible
Damn light-colored mustaches. Cause more headaches than theY're worth.
No prob. Thanks for the RT.
A friend knows there's something wrong by the way you act but a best friend can tell through just a text message!!!
well good for you:)
Wow, the ATL Dark Girls doc is powerful!
where you been bro
definitely for dessert!
It's big enough to display a book page & faster than clicking back & forth between Acrobat & ID when correcting.
lol she gonna hit you wit that sweet ol' lady voice. "Awww Lia, why didn't you read?"
“: You know whats funny? Not you, so shut up.” haha love you :)
Why are people trying to do a TBH on instagram? No.
Originally considered foulout to be akin to popout, but I'll take it. 5 diff outs!
The Knicks looking hopeless , I still want em to win .
Kind of weirded out that would speak in Seattle's Uni. District for $30 a ticket, but not visit the #UW campus. No love, Cornel?
I know Werk is kinda old...BUT THAT'S MY JAM! *booty pops* lmao
BREATH Tasha BREATH
I need some good news after my workplace went brankrupt,who knows what will happen to my pension.
Can't wait to se Hall & Oates and Lady A we
that Grandma video made my day among other things!!! : ) *keep it coming*
What is the view from your window? Share your pictures!
I hear wants to tattoo welfare recipients with corporate logos also
She is surely very beautiful!!!!! You are such a good couple you two!!!!!
Girls are always saying how they are getting treated badly. Well, stop falling for the boys and start looking for a man. <U+2665>
RT : Q5. Whats the best comedy show youve ever seen here in Chicago and why?
I couldnt see you in central bark I was ona camping trip but my mom did u were amazing! IMMA LITTLE MONSTER :D
Catching up on and #bigang makes me smile <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
DWD Sec. Reggie Newson says jobs numbers an upward correction of 57,221 jobs from BLS monthly estimates.
Congrats on the cold turkey. I like mine on whole wheat with mayo and a beefy tomato
tell that worthless booms that price was a draft day trade. He wasnt sittng on the bench
really like your sense of color and movement ..Terrific!
Boston can go suck one. lets go clip ship!
this always makes my day
Thank you for the #FF! Have a creative week
He's getting huge Heidi! Your kids must be getting big too. Maybe we could all get together sometime soon! Say hi to Ted for me.
Hm Peyton Manning coming to the , nice! But is still our starter people!!!!
Happy to hear the Crazylegs Team for Kevin Peyton up to approx. 153 runners for Saturday. Hoping for good weather...
The Mavericks
I got asked if I was gonna start dating again....well of course : ) he just have to be right though.
If one part doesn't make sense, just keep exploring for clues. :)
#Itscutewhen we keep teasin each other
RT : That has to be the best thing I've heard today!! ha!! LOL!!!< LMAOOOOO!
I am going to a reference librarians symposium at Columbia University today
last time he thought your mom was black
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough_ Mae West
Adding the Pathways/OI Partners Twitter account!
Do u still have ur radio show on Monday nights?!
License test today
Knew I'd be hungry at work so I brought my SUA gift card with me. Guess what? It's not accepted at the SPSC.
Now with one gone the two left are unstoppable. And the madder ashley gets the stronger she gets.
It's just... Perfect! I'm gonna make a new comp background, lol
i hope we have a class together next year :( & idk yet i might go to rma it's depends on whatever the school decides
if this sparkling wordplay is wrong, i don't want to be right...
Thanks for the love. , we hope to see you soon!
The Spring 2012 Schedule of Classes is now displaying in the online Class Search and Course Guide. See your advisor to discuss plans.
South Congress rules during SXSW
Im tryin to bro I been stuck in the studio lately I just left the studio this morning........you got somethin goin on down there
Sony can B.I.H. with Osama
I love that salad, as good as or almost better than their early fall salad
#21JumpStreet great fun!
absolutely, the most storied franchise in the World with the most animated and loyal fans. Proud to be one!
Yankees and Angels ALCS game starts at 1pm. Come in for a late lunch to try our excellent half pound specialty burgers for $8.95!!
oh, yes. I can attest to that.
thank you :) Hope you have a great weekend!!
Ready to get my #MichaelScott on
These damn allergies are gunna kill me.
and also with you!
2 microbiology lectures in 1 day? I don't know if I can handle this.
"me talk pretty one day"... David Sedaris
congrats to my LS's on graduating!love yall:)
Very nice. RT : “Avectra Social Console” Brings Social Media Monitoring to netFORUM Pro
jeffradiane: Tried to fill out the #sla2010 survey but I was interrupted (shock at a library!) & it logged me out. Now it says I ...
RT : I wonder why we don't hear more about MS OneNote. I've been using it for almost 2 months and can't go a day without it.
cuddle weather
I think we've got to start somewhere & as we go, precedent and use cases will enable wider adoption
thank yoU!! =D but on what if you dont mind me askingg
Twitter is so frustrating. Of course I was following you, then I wasnt and now I am again.
Future "Pluto Album" goes hard
I'm a Shady Soldier =D
Shorty damn well she another got enough teeth her big ass
Oh my god. Shut the fuck up.
You my friend, will be going back to Minnesota Sunday night with stories to tell.
Lucky travel day. Got an earlier AA flight. Only one not delayed to LGA.
If you trust someone you should trust them wherever they are whoever there with and point blank period you should trust them
I like it like that MTV HITS
Call pitches her way out of the inning, but North Texas leads Florida Atlantic 1-0 after four innings.
Ill never let you down, angel.
Pella products featured on Extreme Makeover Home Edition this Sun. 8/7 central. Want Pella installed in your home?
pandora started playing 'feel good inc' by the 'gorillaz', amazing
Can anyone tell me why Tebow wouldn't go to the Jags? Isn't that the perfect fit? And no, I don't want him near GB
Going out 4 sushi soon
Strategy for securing your belongings at gym. 1) Get a lock. 2) Be the poorest person at your gym. I chose the latter
Haven't managed to put up a new blog post today, but I'm almost done cleaning my entire house. That's what they mean by "labor" day, right?
have a great day Kyle.
Speech paths are pro straw/anti sippy cup - this is a great idea! I'll share with all my families.
my computer has been streaming the senate recess for the last 40 minutes. CenturyLink will probably flag me for p*rn
I swear I'm always re-doing my tweets because of stupid autocorrect
Can you say a little more about that? The match or non-match of physical/social personalities?
Looks like the Bulls are gonna go after Rip Hamilton to be there new shooter, wont complain with that!!
thx and great seeing you last night!
I am NOW.. thanks for the heads up.. I see I haven't missed much. Both r looking cold!
90% sure the Galaxy S I is my next phone. Only Windows phone is gonna sway me. And that seems unlikely.
Look for as at the #AVXpo Tomorrow and Thursday! We are at booth 901 and have some goodies to give away!
This week November 7th through November 11th is WISH WEEK on campus. The Make-A-Wish Foundation of Wisconsin's Wishmakers at UW-Milwaukee.
…and of course the tar sands pipeline plays a part.
Just ordered a batch of Mr. French steel gray for my first attempt at screen printing.
Just Cried !
Learning how HootSuite works with scheduled tweets.... Should be at work at this moment. oy.
Darn, I thought this Tweet was written by your alter ego, Ebonics Amy. And FYI, IS AVAILABLE!
Our Lord revealed to St Gertrude that each time we look at the Blessed Sacrament with love, our place in Heaven is raised forever.
Not giving my heart away twice
now gimme a shoutout!!=) i want all other 999 followers of yours!!=p
Don't we all! "I need more Tiggers and less Eeyores." Moroney.
How many Mongolians does it take to screw in a light bulb? One to smash the bulb and the other 3 to create a massive pit of Fire!!!
u right. mayb I should jus come, spread ur legs n dive head 1st. lol, let me stop playin
hey whats up
stop cutting up all day then u will have some juice lol
Yet RR goes to Kottaras in a key run scoring situation last night.
Haters, frauds, etc....KILL YOURSELF!!
RAC party CTC headquarters. Come check us out.
Is it working now?
Droppin 2new exclusive tracks today!.. "All In They Grill" Ft. RamboDaRealist, and "For Life" Ft. Phenom.. Its Time Yaw For Charlie French!
Love This Place! ..": Soups for Tuesday, March 13th: Beef Barley, Chicken Dumpling and ' Creamy Tomato Vegetable"
Thanks for the follow, hope you have a great weekend!
i want be your dog sitter aw :DD
One more day and my sista will be here yessir in my voice
So excited to see you at the #cookbookconf, Jeanne! Safe travels. :-)
I was debating between crying & screaming. Sorry things have been shit at work lately
300 - 500 is a good number for a community. Enough to have constant activity and still build relationships.
WHAT SHOULD I DO TOMORROW? ? (WELL LATER ON TODAY)
this bitch is nasty
hahaha couldnt have said it better "day drinking should be an additional black out, not a substitute for a nighttime shit show"
Despite what I said last week read 2 other books before starting Anna Karenina Finally reading it. Enjoying but man it's long.
Even better, spring retreat and workcamp!!
In a recent survey 86% say that middle-aged women today are perceived as more attractive than they were two decades ago.
My Lesbian neighbors asked me what I wanted for my Birthday. They gave me a Rolex. I think they misunderstood when I said "I wanna watch."
EVERYTHING IS SWEETENED BY RISK. But go the extra mile, get smart & be prepared for the unthinkable. Visit with your Insurance Agents more.
Really must try to get back to sleep. Have a busy day starting in four hours!
I'm a creature for Your love.
Thru hosting dropins, understands what ppl are looking for..
that guy is undefeated
That's a great name. Pay per cluck instead if pay per click.
LOL! He's the guy/girl who beat me last week, and took 2nd this week. Not on twitter, and won't answer when I ask at the table.
Happy to read that won at Wrestlemania. I don't watch wrestling but I'll be a fan till the day I die. Lol
Canon opens renovated Visayas office
Well Leake's would be the right angle, he was throwing on a straight line. Latos was across the warning track more.
Oh my goodness you are amazing. <3 Thank you thank you thank you, thats all I need for 34, I can read the rest!
we need to start up Movie Night
JUST BOOKED MY TRIP TO PARIS.
today's soups at all other NYC locations are split pea w/croutons and tomato w/parmesan
This Sat. 9pm LIVE 60 minutes of CLUBMUSIC on
#deepthoughts RT : WHY was Mario Kart not called "Mario Speedwagon"
but he makes the point that this allows for more transparency w/ the information that was always being discussed anyway.
TRAK is seeking a Business Librarian in Chicago with at least three years of business research experience, financial experience is preferab…
Logged on to #HubSpotHours. Excited to see the new email tool.
So... I guess Louisvillians will be spending all day laughing about #LexingtonPoliceScanner while Lexingtonians buy new furniture.
Now: Rev. Wilson Canafax. He got a tour of Buchenwald from a young Elie Wiesel.
i love your chanel bags you always rock! what was the dress you wore at brandi's party? it was gorgeous! boho chic =)
right, at least she's not fat!
That alkward moment when your watchin videos and someone covers the mic and with watching the video first uploading it
I worked on that today too... we had to go and buy more boxes and tape cause we ran out, even after stealing Hollister's boxes.
Jeramorr! I am great. Staying busy, shooting a web series today. Turning 40 next week, praise God!
Totinos has the pizza rolls market cornered
Was the #BIG12 that good? -or- Is the #PAC12 that bad? Either way #GOBUFFS, I guess.
Best twitterer out there, keep it up!
"I think that's Spanish for real deal. *Says waving sucker*
When is somebody gonna just bench this clown?
500lbs of laundry
I have been in bed all day, yes
Bay Area Jazz clubs -- where are the benefit performances for Japan earthquake relief ? I'm willing to donate my time. And you ?
ha! Nice. Finishing Downton season 2, then I'm onto The Good Wife and The Wire next. Did you ever finish Damages??
macports, you've been a wonderful companion, but it's time to visit that farm up north where you will be free to run and play with fink
Very few tickets left for Friday Crossroads concert. Call 336-725-1904 to see if you can purchase one.
Sprinkles wasabi peas in his salad FTW.
cant wait to go eat on wensday we need some gurl time<U+2764>
Happy Anniversary, hubby! And no jokes that today's date will live in infamy ;-)
If you don't like something, change it
yeah not bad for an old guy. :) I'm ruining the run with a tall IPA.
When I think off ROFL I think of Scooby Doo trying to say waffle! You know you were saying it out loud! lol
lolol...put yo dogs up too!
Numbers din't matter. What matters is engagement -
celebrities and food carts, Alyssa....we live in Portland.
It was awesome! very nice meeting you! =] how are you? feelin better?
you 2 look sexy!
fuck ccd i swear we don't even do anything there.
Lol I hate that it happens.
I just adopted a furry dude cat and named him Hitchens.
Planning a Victorian wedding? Orange blossoms are the perfect flower for your event.
I am going to spend one whole entire day all dedicated to Tumblr and fixing up my blog.
we're back on track now, actually a day ahead, thanks to new friends in Minot. eating oatmeal, then leaving on our revitalized steeds.
you guys are great. Thanks for the RTs.
Good morning! What is the best holiday gift you've ever received? Why is it so special to you?
Remember to stop and smell the number 2 pencils.
Thanks for speaking up Alan!
yeah it's so fluffy
Yes sir! Getting my favorite Harry Potter Bookmark and everything!
Crazy how much #edtech has blown up. my classroom looks better than the one in Sept due to
Hello stranger!! Sorry...I took an extra xanax and it knocked me out!!! lol
Drinking the night before my first final. I hope tomorrow I figure out my priorities.
Come to Kansas City next year I would love to attend your match
good luck! :)
Awesome day..:) The world of Fashion evolves, and being an strong minded woman isn't seen as being the b-word..unless you love the 1300s
About to board, late with tight connection. What is the difference between a passenger & a jet? The latter stops whining. :-)
J'Covan was supposed to be flanked by Hamilton, Thompson, and Joseph (all NBA draftees ).
tonight is my 1st session of "Sewing A to Z."
No, thank you! We should meet up for coffee again sometime soon! I'm always looking for an excuse to head to Starbucks.
Idk they need to get their shit together and let bron go to work
Wow, I feel loved
Says the single guy sleeping at a radio station
I was telling a 20yr old about how much i liked New York Undercover...of course she had no idea what I was talkin about.
lmao..i didnt know we were twitter friends..cos i dont really use twitter.. were fb friends--thats how we know we're really 79s c(:
Keep your head up kid.
You just made my day Troy. =) Love you!
Congrats, my friend!
Healthcare is for pussies.
In my last class!!! Pack, quick nap, LBC here I come!!!
hail ya same here.
That's impressive, ours is cute but small! I think malls are one of the most magical places during the holidays!
you don't know bout jam.
all day everyday if I didnt share a whip all be out there
it starts wit 599....
who watches the news? And, I'm at home.
hahaha that's dope, it was bound to happen, all dogs go heaven lol
Rudy gay nice
"i wasnt that drunk" "dude, you had a staring contest with a mirror ."
I don't know specifics of Covey's situation, but I do know diabetes can effect your whole life. Possible he's adjusting?
you planning on being an early bird at tmw?
Time to get in these 6's...Tomorrow will be a much deserved day off from any form of fitness
I went to pinnacle yesterday with And I realized I'm much more flexible then before and I haven't lost my tumble skills :)))
Sar guy is in #Boston. We're getting dinner tonight.
thanks for the reply and updates.
My sister discusts me when she talks to her boyfriend lile she's a baby... #You'reAnnoying
Thanks to Joe Taylor for his generous support! We will continue to play our hearts for your to go-go dance to.
and then there were 22!
No you don't!
I used to eat a lot of natural foods until I learned that most people die of natural causes. ~ Anonymous
I miss how MySpace used to be ;-(
Haha thank you :) I
Rewatching "Planet of the Apes" and realizing Heston's character was kind of a jerk. And his laugh was really creepy.
I was just yelling.. er, telling Riley how it would only have cost us 16 mil this year to keep Zack & add Gio.
at reception for Jane Yolen, this year's medallion winner
Do you have your presentation today at #DevLearn?
": We could never learn to be brave & patient, if there were only joys in the world. -Helen Keller"
Hi there! Love the engagement pics!
What?? No
Booking two jobs in one week? Proves that planning & taking action gets results, even not the ones u planned for
Need to be using Evernote. Looks like a great tool for my too-mobile life.
dam right my friend i feel ya on that buddy hey can you follow me plz? :D
Placing empty TV boxes on your curb for trash pickup can be a HUGE hint to burglars of what they might find inside! Break them down first!
what's wrong Caleb?
They are not serious about this shirt off
Also sad here, so I try to ignore it. Plus, there's no new episode next week!
Our wonderful guests, visiting, allowing us to help them enhance their beauty! Another fabulous Saturday.
I'm killing some time while I wait for something... Wanna chat, Twitter friends? Send some questions my way! Would love to visit.
when u get home can I go to ur house and use my laptop there because I need to send my paper to my teacher online please
Alright I'm going to sleep forreal now. Idk how the hell I'm still awake.
Get the sawdust out and your dancing shoes ready Duke's! The Suburban Cowboys are coming to make you sweat tonight!!
Rest up liver - its opening day tomorrow!!
I have a great plan that will make her dreams come true. Please Help She Deserves It. Follow me and I'll dm it to you. PLEASE!!
got 145 followers, bring me som more, keep it going, im following 868 come on bring it
almost broke my ankle runnin down the stairs to check on my gramma after i hear a loud crash n she starts laughin as she picks up a pot -__-
Thanks for your concern everyone. Hol is not one of the "5 major publishers" being sued by the DOJ for ebook price collusion w/ Apple.
i understand lol ...
Downloaded tweetdeck on phone.....sweet!!!
okay who can take us though? I need to get my license it's pissing me off <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Damn, the Thunder is doing there thing !
Praise Him! SheaMoí Naturelle received word this morning of a deal we secured. Big things ahead! More details coming soon.
2day in #atxcouncil restricts payday lenders; Travis conservation easements hit a snag; council moves on PDR notification
The reason why we do it? Cuz it hasnt been done
RT : watch'n do his thing wit n
Crossing my fingers that you weren't actually tweeting this while driving.
Not really a #trendingtopic type of guy BUT - "Big Titties in Little China" -
Theres a good chance that you dont like me but an even better chance that i dont care.
aww you! Alex follows you! On my personal Zack and Tim do
yes or even talk about it for a little say what you think about it! :)
sorry didn't no I had sorry! Can do what I want is a free world :L
Hate being woken up
In 2006, my ex girlfriend took more loads from other dudes while we were dating than all of the laundromats in the United States combined.
It's false to imagine that unthinking rudeness is a function of anonymous/pseudonymous commenting on the internet; +
the best business advice comes with drinks.
Finally, a place to put all of my tweets?!
I knew you'd be stalking when I mentioned iTunes. I'm sure they know it's a problem.
Really enjoying reading Dave Eggers () HEARTBREAKING WORK OF STAGGERING GENIUS. Poignant & funny.
Bitches &&' hoes ! My freakin' key chain broke :|
Great game! Cant' wait to see you next week!!
Kimba Time UCONN to big to strong
Any chance he replaces Bick as your go too whipping boy?
Hilarious stories about crazy women told by their boyfriends.
Phones are working again this morning! Finally!
Hey, that surprise you`re working on, isn`t an cover is it? that would be amazing if it was!=) juss sayin haha
DA's office asks for extension in arraignment of Josh Drabek. No objections from defense. Will be back in court on April 16th.
"Sometimes, people that claim to love you the most are the ones that hurt you the most without realizing it"
Ohhhmyyygoddd it's here! Funkyass FREE show with and . FUNNKKKKK
Laying in bed listen to music
its an #Aaliyah kinda day :)))
wish you could have too! it was so great
wasn't me. adam argues with himself. Once I hear UofM talk I immediately try to segue into baseball or something
: thank u for your support of marriage for ALL couples! You have taken a historic stand you should be proud of
I'm about halfway through "the two towers" now. I'll have to queue this up. Thanks :)
<----- could use a Spicy #BloodyMary STAT! It's going to be a long Monday :/
$25,000 for a wet willy? Wonder what the fine would have been for a wedgie?
I'm wonderful. How are you?
No, dummy, I meant the marrying Jane thing
is this about you tellin ppl that they on tour or you can help ppl go on tour all around the world
#breakuptexts Thanks for playing. I have a lovely parting gift for you. All the time in the world and some fabulous Ginzu knives.
Former Sheriff Patrick Sullivan is locked up in a jail, and until yesterday, the facility was named after him. It isn't any longer.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash at Hwy 19 and River Road in the Waunakee area. Use caution in this area.
Magic<U+0092>s Fat Guy: Trust Dwight Howard
how do you force yourself not to care?
#YEE gonna hang out with my friends in time square in NYC
Feeling crappy never drinking that much again... I have a problem in drinking I need help...
break starts today!!!
Had Gro made that fumbled catch, it would've been the greatest Super Bowl ever.
Driving to school with Nirvana<3
Just purchased tix for ! Looks like 50/50 is sold out. Fortunately The Bully Project is still open: www.thebullyproject.com
I like to think i am 1 of a kind. So please, dont rain on my parade;)
I'd dedicate "everybody's workin' for the weekend"!
Hey ! Prepare for a #COFFEEBOMB! & will bring a bunch o' coffee tomorrow at 9am. Cool?
Thank you medicine for robbing me of all energy....
I should be sleep considering I have to work tonight, but all I can think abt is you... *********** hhhhmmmmm, mixed emotions are the worst
lol right bro.....
So far today we've built castles,made snickerdoodles,made special"crafty" book,cleaned bedrooms,did dishes. Phew I'm tired
Miss u 2. Leaving for anniversary wknd in NY tomorrow w/J. Let's date soon!! <U+E418> RT : miss u friend!
haha I remember that tweet!! :D I heard it too :( lol be safe!
Breaking News-- Whitney Houston dead at 48. So sad.
100% commitment is the key to success or as it has been said...once you have crossed the river burn your boat and you must move forward-go!
good man.
Hey Jayson, Tyson Wheeler may coach at Fairfield, but he didn't go there, he went to URI where he helped lead them to Final 8
Thank YOU for the follow back! :)
Haven't played tecmo super bowl in so long I don't even know if I could block your extra point with Lawrence Taylor anymore.
Why are 32 of SD's best chefs posing in the same photo? See Sept issue of SD Home Garden Lifestyles
"Before you raise people's expectations, you have to change their preconceptions."
Full-time students far more likely to engage and succeed than part-time at community college
Wonder what I am going to do for tomorrow
FACEBOOK DISCOUNT TICKETS STILL AVAILABLE!!!
thanks so much!
I swear if LA doesn't get the lead in the next five minutes...
The Militant isn't, he's on the #ExpoLine but the McCourt era ends in less than 48 hours!
Denver? Where is that? Like I give a shit!
I agree Joe,well put!Have fun with Fear Factor!I loved that show,I am stoked u are back cause no 1 else could fill your shoes!
I love you boo bear<3 :')
thanks for adding us! You're
Thursday Drunks will be at Fanny Ann's in old Sac this week! Thursday (duh), 7pm, very top floor. Cheers!
Yeah kg u can't do that buddy
at least half the time. :)
I just wnt to thank u for all ur support... it will pay off...:)
Gm tweeps! Headed to the stores for last minute shopping prizes for my quests, a lil more decorations (ect.) Everyone enjoy your day (: !!!
Christine Borgman #Creativity & #Collaboration depend upon knowledge infrastructure in universities.
Its been a long time coming down this road and now I know what I've been waiting for . . . love's been a long time coming.
im in. you still wanna go? i dont think itll be too outrageously soggy. sticky seconds shots
PREDICTION: Sharon Needles
hi! nice to see you pop up in my twitter feed just now. hope you're having a good day.
Vegas crew in full effect tomorrow.... Bout to be a good ass night
January, February, March, May, April... That's how the months in 2012 have gone so far, correct?
Is leaving Las Vegas, but not in the drink yourself to death Nick Cage way
How do you master acquiring so many followers? :)
LOL you're so funny, but Dr. Pepper is good.
Looks nice.
just sent you all the hints I have
Beautiful day in downtown Chat- our lovies almost here for lunch! <U+27AA> (Greg) and
you know, I've heard that quite a bit actually. What are your top 3-4 shops?
Eleanor is sitting on nest outside my office window. No predator has taken eggs, tho they do every year. I want to see baby ducks, dammit!
no not yet next Saturday :)!
I got 11hrs of sleep and its only 7am
