I do what I got to do
no ma'am..get her a savings bond lol
bumpin shady 45 game don't wait remix
Yes we do make donuts. Last weekend we had maple donuts and the weekend before raspberry jelly donuts.
France Gets Ready to Elect Next President | Jewish &amp; Israel News ...
Way to go Menard !!!!
Bob Castaneda just rented an apartment and reregistered to vote in #chulavista to run for office. Longtime SD rez
culture is written by the winners as well
It's in God's hands now. Time to enjoy this retreat!
hey im getting ready to start a long shift @ work but im good thanks. hw r u?
Watching Bones on and folding laundry. Haven't felt relaxed while doing housework in a long time
everyone studied at my house...motivated by coffee
check out the song "nobody" by the same band.
size & speed..Hill works harder......
#NowPlaying Train - Drive By
I want to buy the old movie theatre at Berry and Hemphill in Ft.Worth
How many? Um, all of them. Yes, every single bean.
I70 at the tunnel is now open.
You have brought organization to the young. The gods are very pleased.
I gotta lay off the Mcgangbangs that's my problem
August though, I will be there!
The feeling you get when you like someone so bad, It reminds you of your First crush<3
I don't like pusha but he growin on me
you light up my world like nobody else <U+2665>
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 37
Ready for girls night out on the town!
"I'd much rather have a closet full of Milano cookies than Manolo Blahniks." - S. Ulrich, on how her life is like Sex and the City
I misunderstood what you said now I get it. A nice girl is what I'm looking for so I can turn her into a naughty girl , dm me.
lol hey could I hit you up #
it's a pleasure to follow you.Let's have some fun!
nah..wish tho
how many things, how many ways, and how often, do we confuse with Love ...
& look all beautiful when they sleep, like princesses. (:
Note to self: Best friends may be great mind readers most of the time but don't depend on it.
I gotta go to bed early tonight.. Have to be at the vet in the morning with the dogs
Gas prices...wth?!
Have you ever had someone upset with you for what you bought them for Christmas because its not what they were expecting? SIGH
#FridayReads In the Garden of Beasts by Erik Larson. It's so good, but it makes my heart yearn to be back in Germany...
That awkward moment when drinking with friends...u realize your kind of the boring one. Lol.
Saw the show Sat. It's a nonstop thrill ride & love story! I highly recommend it for kids of all ages!!!
Yes, moved about 6 weeks ago! Definitely reach out next time you're here!
Cards are so cool!!!!
I need a back up plan for my party so if someone can get a hotel room for me JUST INCASE that'd be great
Nicee . MIA is where its at
Does Vilma's contractual pay count against the cap since he is suspended without pay?
Off today & workout is done. Now to the bookstore for some early morning cock in my ass.
spotted: woman biking down Hazard in a save ktru tee.
Hoping to get lots of responses, see many new ideas. So far, so good!
Morning tweethearts & Happy 4/20 to all u smokers!!
I'm highly educated with my own house my own car and a professional job and the best thing is I know my self worth. So I WILL NEVER SETTLE
Davy Jones performed Rainy Jane on American Bandstand on this day in 1971.
you mean non musicals?
"If you can't get a job in the US w/out working 4 free for a year that is an enormous burden" says of internships
The Tigers won 101 games in 1961...but finished 8 games behind the Yankees.
not enough hours in the day
Go Greg! Can't wait to try it next visit.
I'm about to finally clock out for a few hours.
we still linking up?
Did Romar not mention that whole "play defense" thing on the trip over?
1st game I ever saw at Dodger Stadium, in Gary Carter's only season w/Giants, he hit game-winning HR. RIP Kid
the moon I will fade away but like the sun I will rise again.
#CollegeBaseball: #UConn finishes things off in the ninth and steals an 8-7 win over #Northeastern at Freidman Diamond.
kick some ass tonight! And happy bday
Its about time!
u got dat gud shyt sombody would kill for but wont find......
RT BigScreen: Herzog mania continues Sat/Sun w/How Much Wood Would A Woodchuck Chuck & Wodaabe:Herdsmen of the Sun
If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this.
Did they get the ball for Jordany?
Nice score! Thanks for visiting us - we're huge Double Fine fans!
Just finished a HUGE amount of grading. If I can replicate this morning's productivity at the desk tonight, I'm set!
Spread the word to your friends and follow me, an upcoming R&B Producer
Today was so good - sleeping in, long walk in the park, burgers and margaritas... happy.
I'll be playing at Providence Marketplace that weekend from 6-7 on Saturday. :)
fun idea :D i've always wanted to go kickboxing!!
I seriously need a mini fridge in my room I'm lazy to get up and get food/ drinks .. it's so annoying ..
COACH BEAST CAN SING!!!! Daayum!
Don't forget that #EarthDay 2012 is this Sunday.
hey gorgeous. How have you been Miss?
I gotta big idea. Its in the making right now. So excited
Winter. Full moon rising bronze in the east. Couple of great horned owls the size of tree stumps in the old willow out back.
I gotta admit, I just ain't feeling it. Maybe I'm too sober.
Grown men riding skateboards
of course!lol
Making my Friday night popcorn - Orville white popped to perfection, tossed with EVOO, salt and pepper! Better than butter!
Well... I really don't know what i'm like in person I kinda just live on the computer and stuff.
what was your favorite superstar when you was kid
finding myself in the real world! haha... working- pretty boring stuff- not really worth the 140 characters.
Transferring a database (15 million rows) onto my #SSD just made my #thinkpad (with #ubuntu) lock up for 10 minutes. Weird?
What a cutie. The days are long, but the years are fast. Enjoy!
They say that love is forever your forever is all that I need.
Favorite license plate of the week: NOONAN. Probably because "IT'S IN THE HOLE!" won't fit on a plate.
Tbh i dont want summer to come but i also dont want to be at school i perfer to be somewhere else except home :(
Thanks, Nick!!!
I have a stack of this music from the folks I just listed and just looked at it like DAYUM-there's some DOPE MUSIC here!
#SometimesYouHaveTo ... be misunderstood... Its not that I'm a bitch, I usually just don't give a fuck & it unintentionally shows on my face
that's great...#hardwork cuz..let's keep up the momentum...
Honey-Nut Cheerios for dinner. That's livin'.
people who type like that are the worst.....
View Top Choices a Second Time Before Buying That First Home
Finally our Opening Night lineup! Go Fish. Can't wait for the big game.
ok you ruined -__-
Thank god. I thought I sucked. Love you, and thank you for this.
Agreed. RT "gentlemen, khakis are always the best choice. #always"
You're gonna win this...just saying. We ALL have faith in you.
no. :((((( I don't have connections.
You should go! It will be fun! To see Invent? They are AMAZING. I can't compare them to anyone. They are one of my honest favs
Didn't engage in it personally; we are quick to spend but slow to share with those less fortunate.
Have a budget. When you go to the store, determine exactly how much you can spend & stick with it.
I can attest that #TheRealtors were written in tons of different places not just a kitchen table by a woman too
New classes added! 8 am Sunday is Power 1! And, 7:30 pm Mon & Wed are Power 1 as well. All late classes on Mon & Wed will start at 7:30 now!
Well ii have come to the end of the road for tonight.. same place tomorrow? lol
Ouch! RT NYC Mayor Bloomberg 2012 budget cuts Met Museum funding by 25%, 30% for smaller city arts groups.
We have many satisfied clients that we have helped with serious legal issues...Free consultation (909) 890-0105
that's just a bit odd.
stop it
Seeing a spider, isn't a problem. It becomes a problem when it disappears.
if you pick me i'll even share with you
Thanks for including me in your fantastic event. The world needs more art!
Study just released: Those who suffer from anxiety typically have much higher intelligence than hose who don't. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD> #knowing #you're
Bring on the learning #EDCampME starts in a few minutes.
Twitter makes me wish I were better at crossword puzzles. Not sure why, it but my crazy brain suspects it might help. MIGHT.
Thank you for following StonerCouture.
Made 455 dollars just dealing cards for poker. Hell yeahh!
Thanks for the mention, Adam!
RT : RT : One day, you will realize how much I was there for you when I'm gone.
Thanks for the follow, Kate! Hope you're enjoying the leadership residency!
a frequent nightmare of mine: I go to the doctor to discuss my asthma. the doctor says "sucks to your asthma"; rolls boulder on me
So happy to let everyone know that today I achieved my goal of becoming a member of
RT : RT : "This Nation is great because we built it together. This Nation is great because we worked as a team."
and most of them seem to film with some Android phone cameras from 3 years ago ;)
interesting. this is because...???
joked months ago on Facebook abt becoming a truck driver. Getting trucking job ads. Obviously they have never parked behind me.
I'm off the market(: I love you<3
RT Wonder what the #serpentine water temp is after sun/rain/sun/rain crazy weather
If you're looking for something different and like German food, try Suppenkuche.
Where can one find that track, Wes?
Fwd: AltLJ: RT : Do good deeds because you can- fmr WorkCover CEO on why companies should engage in corporate (cont) http:/ ...
Thank you, Jordan! Have a good Tuesday!:)
And we are getting started! Your dream team!
RT I Remember Everything that I wish to remember, and I wish to remember everything. Don't forget that.
#YoungJustice One will rise, one will fall, one will die: Robin to Nightwing or KF to Flash; Aqualad falls; Aquagirl/Tula dies?
i want a shirt like that! where i find one? and of course...HELL YA CORPUS IS READY!!
smh me too man for the past 2 days !
If you ask someone for a favor, they should expect one in return.
excellent idea!
Its cold here too. I here your weather is coming here tommorrow. The mtns. Are gonna get like a foot of snow.
Back in STL
The fact that $15 didn't even get me 3.5 gallons of gas disgusts me. Just sayin.
We need to have a sleepover one night!
#IPayWithTheD. "Do you have a credit card?" -No but here's my dick
The only thing between me and the end of this semester is 150 words.
This game is gonna get ugly fast
Okay, okay... I'm done with all the native american influenced names in Wisconsin... Although there are a lot more...
Good :) So, what's up? Tracy, Taylor, and Lexi say hi!
me too! Peyton needs to come to the west coast! Haha he only does things on the east coast
Don't even care about the table breaking, we just wanna have a laugh
How was your Monday? Did you get your workout in!! I lifted weights this morning and did kickboxing this afternoon:) LOVED it!!
looking forward to Women of Faith "IMAGINE" conference this weekend in St. Pete...follow me on Twitter
Wishing #delta agents were empowered to solve simple problems, would make delays easier to manage
thanks KT...have a good one!
Yes sir that is what I am asking, hey I am kind of pumped about the new WWE 12 game.
This is a great site got a few pair for my children, Beautiful Selection Footwear etc. Sponsored by UGG Australia
#Ringer onTV w/ Ioan Gruffudd, should be amazing, like his movie Amazing Grace (& H Hornblower).
why. Youre just gonna break that one too(;
Ouch, hope they don't follow your tweets! Feeling good abt staying in instead of hit up a party 4 someone I don't care about
People keep telling me that the 'right person' will come along. I think that 'right peron' got hit by a bus or something.
Merry Christmas to everyone! Big e-hugs to all my friends and their families.
Look for editor at Chef Jam judges table tonight. (But please don't poke him in the belly)
Peace out gurl scout <U+270C>
You are awesome. You had me crying and laughing through your preachings.
Almost like home, but eith fog!
Rise and shine people. You have been blessed with another day and that's something to be excited about. Happy Thors-day to ya.
Ever want to sit and draw? Make jewelry? Bring your project to work on with us. Open till 11 & offering you a free environment to create in.
How is your Sunday night treating you?! What did your workout consist of today?
#tinboxboutique is roaming aimlessly this week...any pop up suggestions? talk amongst yourselves.
I need to be sleep.
lol I thought you looked pretty slutty last Halloween ^.^
LET'S MAKE SOME BEATS
Thanks Bro!!!
Lol dates Mikes bro
I guess I had Yale style....Whenever I tried to take laundry to my mom, I get "Yale'ed" at... :/
Right now? Wow, you guys are serious about #RecordStoreDay. Happy Midnight!
I haven't read the 3rd one yet.. But pretty excited for the.movie
Tonights connection group was really challenging! Love the conversation my sermons spark and how challenging my friends are! #lovemygroup!
Thanks for the RT Hope you're having a great week :)
where is Parker?!?
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out
RT : It's official April 26th 5pm on QVC tune in and see Miss Jenny pickle up! So excited can't wait!!!!
Who wants my 2000 tweet,?
Great job ! Proud to be a KCMO citizen "In past year, KCPD has raised $131,748 for Special Olympics Missouri..."
I love life. I love you. GN :)
I'm so nervous today, it's gut wrenching. I'll feel much better when I get home tonight and my family is home safe and sound.
love ya
Tweetering; the combination of twitter and tweeting, hm very strange obi won
Join us this Sunday, 4/3 for our Earth Month kick-off event...Earth Month 5K fun run/walk !!!! Details at www.coloradoaveda.com
Unfortunately, the $0 doesn't necessarily say where the number is *from*.
. notes overlapping hierarchy may not be central problem but it's stubborn because extends far "down the computational stack"
#DASER Barbara Stauffer is discussing the SI Artist Research Fellowship which provides an opportunity for artists to work w collections.
#iUseToThink keepin it 100 meant u tell the truth not lies hoping u dont get caught
German design flaws: put the battery in the boot and fit a electronic boot release that needs power to open.
Need new artists in the DFW.... All genres... Hit me up...
not liking newest patch not at all
well I think it uses data but yea for the folks who want bootleg bbm/imessage/texts
Excited to hear from Martin Storksdieck of on #afterschool #STEM for the next generation of students! #AfterschoolWorks!...
When a Hispanic says Jesus I assume their homeboy not the man up above
I'm extremely horny right now. RT if you think I'd be a good fuck! :-)
The ocean isn't any louder while the city sleeps. We just aren't there to wash it out when we're occupied with dreams.
To all the #runners out there: what races do you have lined up? Which one are you most excited about and why?
true true :) so how was volleyball?
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow myy new one
how could she resist? Haha
Excellent - love that you are getting the answers you need. Keep us posted on who wins the debate - very intrigued!
Job is done for week, Sun is out, Hittin the gym to do work. Life is good!!!!
I really don't wanna sit in the house
we were honored to do the work!
RT : My solution to the financial crisis in Ireland: either a tight cap on spending or beat a leprechaun to death and steal his gold.
Weak minds think alike. : Said same thing. MT : Williams, Vitt told Hargrove to lie. How did Vitt not get full year?
Wish my kids would stop eating my chobanis :( looks like another trip to the grocery store....
MILWAUKEE edged out San Antonio by ONE hour Monday for listener hours on Rhythm & Jazz Radio with only 8 hours between SA, LA, KC, and ATL!
That's a great idea. I'll pass it along to our development team.
:) count on that
Happy Mother's Day a) if you have or had a mom and/or, b) if you are or were a mom.
As someone who doesn't like most modern horror films, Cabin in the Woods is one of the best I have ever seen. Joss Whedon for president.
They're trolls, my love. They don't have an A game.
tigers are really good halloween treat o treaters
1 idea hatched w/ : 2nd generation/centers-in-development form consortium for resource/research sharing, maybe center-bldg wrkshp.
Never enough champagne.
I'm super juiced for tonight and tomorrow(:.
New Year, New Thinking, New Attitude, New Success!!!
When you gonna pick up this rosary
Wonder sometimes if I could find the one for me
I've been thinking about that too. I just never really use it.
no there isn't you have to wait til i get home!
Is anyone else sick of reality shows?
FORGIVENESS......It's a difficult but necessary part of life. Don't let anger, hatred, resentment or unforgiveness overshadow you. The...
Saw IV is trending on twitter. Saw I is the best one.
Hug from u RT Forget Super Tuesday. I'm going with Super Wednesday at University. Prof. is at the...
People living above their standards <<<
Missed at Wits last night? We have copies of That Is All signed in silver pen!
that was super-helpful. now, to plan what I'm actually going to say up there... :)
I hate feeling ignored
": I feel like crying and I don't even know why. I've been laying in bed thinking about life.."
The most reliable way to be inspired is to be inspiring. Feel the simple, yet profound joy of being, and let your positive spirit shine a l…
i believe you're correct :)
If you were at the #Tampa Bay #Addy Awards, I want to know what you thought of them!
May need to drag me through our 4 mile run after ACL last weekend!
RT : Lots of people are talking about this huge lottery... $640 million. What would YOU do with that much money?
BuzzRaid Expands Personal Finance and Travel Verticals
Good night everyone p.e tomorrow gotta run the mile(;
yep...but probably Friday now...everyone up to do something that night?
Filling out my ballot for Multnomah County. This one's kind of a beast, but lots of important stuff in here.
We'd love to hear your comments and suggestions before our school wide launch. Tweet us, email us, or contact us through the web page.
On my way to see The Tragically Hip with Angela. Excited!
Ironically, I feel people care less about license plate numbers than most people think. Does that make sense?
a start...RT Sanford Chief of Police Bill Lee is stepping down temporarily. #trayvonmartin (via )
our block just lost power, 80th between auer & lisbon
Congrats, Dan!
ha don't care what it is I do what I like
Apparently, Winston Churchill was born in a ladiesÕ room during a dance. #odd facts
has the worst service I've ever experienced! Thanks for irreversibly shutting my service off 4 days early. Thank God for !
Whatever nigga. Truth is truth.
Shoutout to that bitch across from me in the other table for having crazy ass nails and not shutting up about them
This time next week I will be laying by a pool with a drink in my hand in New Orleans!!!
When people who you envy like your photos >>
Between voting and attending shows, tonight has two of my favorite activities.
Just realized that there's this whole "" section here that I never knew about.
Yeah #Tigers!
I just tweeted that faggot.
Justice system isn't about guilt or innocence. High bail can be used as a deterrent for poor to take plea offer instead of opting for trial.
I'd you'd give me half a chance I'd proove this to you
Ready to roll this morning. Checking to see what's on Twitter, then school and then more work on Ebuxing.com this evening. Almost there.
i got you !
Last night it Lake Powell
Sex workers are against trafficking. We want to find viable lasting solutions that will protect children, and at the same time we want to..
Montana "I'd Rather Be Flying My Helicopter" license plate. You don't see that every day in the New York suburbs.
We are in the hand of God and under His care.
#TuneInTuesday We're listening to on the iHeartRadio ( ) application
This Is WAY TOO Accurate. RT : || Tuh. They never really did in the first place _----_
hey thanks for the apology i appreciate it. it only hurt alot. but what ever just ignore it.
I think the reason Blaine Gabbert has struggled so much is because in the spread he doesn't have to read as much.
Weights tomorrow
me and you forever and ever
play draw something with me... I think u will be impressed with my drawing skills ha
#2011icf Attending the NASA Team performance session
RT : Lodge, 3920 Buena Vista Avenue, live entertainment granted.
they don't have the ac up in there ?
so why the hate?
Man, movies can make me cry at the drop of a hat. It's embarassing.
un professional lol
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
How do we get "I got kinased!" into the lexion?
Gospel Brunch at House of Blues with A delicious cure for a hangover.
Extra crispy, extra saucy
Lol You Back In The Mil Doe?
Low key she never answered my question....
1 more wk '11.May '12 bring warm blessings 2 satisfy our hopeful appetites, quench our thirst 4 everlasting victory &endless cr8tivity.
At St. Vincent Hospital with Dad.
When your looking at the results page, & click Edit Search, sometimes it sends you back to the database home screen.
"1 universe, 8 planets, 204 countries, 804 islands, 7 seas, 6 billion people and my heart still tell me it's you"
Can't remember the last time I had a day off. Seereewusree.
Steve Greenwald asks Q: How do you feel about getting state and fed reps to increase revenue? How to do that?
Where you at just grabbed a loose cannon cask.
naw, just allergic to hyperbole. it will pass...... [scandal is good tho]
Tickets are selling fast. Get yours now.
"It is not what a man does that causes him to suffer; it is the inharmony between what he does and what he should do." -Manly P Hall
Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting. ~ William Arthur Ward
Broadripple Art Fair next weekend! Hm, who to go with?
TED: Richard Wilkinson: How economic inequality harms societies - Richard Wilkinson (2011)
hanginging at the library.
oh yeah! : RT : Tune into tonight to watch President Obama Slow Jam the News on student loan interest ...
Howard U's Willie Carter at Skins rookie camp:i'll always b able to say I caught a ball from the Heisman Trophy Winner
“: Chris Paul's 1st choice is the Knicks.. willing to wait & sign w/NYK as free agent next summer" #DearSanta #NY<3CP3
how was everything last night? Glad you were able to make it in!
miss you too sis!
If you have a visitor to Milwaukee here for one night (Friday obviously) and they want a good & authentic #fishfry, where do you send them?
hahaha if we'd do that....your prof would probably wonder why you sound so smart on paper.... ;P
great lunch and conversation ... Love the 3D video cool stuff
You will always be my Cool Robot Bro. *fistpump*
Just came back from mesquite, NV where I had a great dinner with my step dad and my sis Wendy! Pretty awesome times, wish you were there!))
broke my arm while wearing a doughboy sweatshirt. #noyoucannotcutitoff #whereisthatshitnow?
I'm going to try to go 4th of July.... If not I'm flying to WA, you should come down in August for the concert :)
Guess I'm gonna be doing the same thing 2nite tht I've been doing all day. Sitting on my ass. Guess I'll go chk out Red Box.....
#NERCOMP event on #digitalstorytelling about to begin. Looking forward to it.
Custom art card sleeves have been successfully prototyped!
Want a #swinger discount getaway $100 per night Caliente Resorts
Haha, yes, I share my snacks with him.
Too lazy to do my hair tonight.
j-dud! go suns!
just some Wendy's....#7 small with fries and a hi-c fruit punch!!!
“: i was joking. Thanks for putting me on blast i wont be home when you get here <U+E413>” it wasn't you!!! Lol
just finished #thealchamist Such a great book
My dog is having puppies and I need to help her.
center stage is on but its the end. We suck for missing it. Come up in my room when u get home guuuuurl
Yup... that's right ... watching the National Championship game again on DVR. I just can't get enough of it!
Have you seen Justified? I was thinking about checking that out next...after I finish Homeland(which I plan on doing so by Sat)
Ahh, it's that time of year, doing my taxes today, my life is soo exciting.
It is still raining. Steadily. I LOVE IT. <3
Our prayers go out to #TomHechts family and friends..rest in peace Tom
Soo one of the more AWESOME WISN assignments tonight...taking photos from the spot where they launch the fireworks for summerfest!
No Twitter, I don't want to follow Bow Wow
me to!!!!! I love cadbury eggs!!!
For types: Does anyone have experience using QA software such as Sparta Systems? How do you feel about it?
The man who does more than he is paid for will soon be paid for more than he does.
our book-loving dog Layla, and I participated in the #readMob at the #STL #Arch #WBNAmerica ... can you see us?
Sent u my new single "Holiday in Oakland"! "Effortless, breezy sweep thru Oakland's influences..her rap is flawless"-Examiner
Thanks Kay! We are delighted!
Oh yes, that is aggravating too!
dear fedex man, if you dont get your ass to my house with my phone, shits gonna go down. sincerely, a very pissed off kaitlyn.
Also, w00t Ms. marvel is now a member of the team in the show. :D
A Taste of Brunch at BullFish today, starting at 11 am! Mimosas, Bellini's and Food Demonstrations all day.
The Giants and Packers first traded field goals, then touchdowns, then turnovers. Something's gotta give...
sure thing !! <3
I would have done the same thing, he's right if it was him showing coochie pics he would have been done, kicked off the show!
i lick my teeth after.
I've ben working mornings for more than a month now! My last one is this Sunday. I've enjoyed reading your early AM tweets!
i have to work all weekend lol :(( poor me! haha
3 more followers until 500. i think they should be and <3
Getting excited for beach puppies!
#40thingsaboutme, thing #1, I'm going to see Elvis in Atlanta on Sept 18th
I'll be watching you !
i do boo imy girl lol
Still in Virginia!!! We just got to Papaws hotel and we were about to leave and he locked the keys... In the car...
ready bro
Dammit I want a real lemur! CC:
Can I go hug the Caps sans Ovi?
I like it, I really, really like it!
I don't know about & , but it's been useful for me to see what Chris & Dan think is "intro"
Good morning #gentelinda , Lets do this!
"Sometimes... the people we've know for a short amount of time have a bigger impact on us than those we've known forever."
yeah sure no prob
How does a woman show she's planning for the future? Plastic Surgery.
please stop voicing your opinion like fact. I enjoy Olympics as well as World Cup. Anyone that enjoys skill/talent should also.
Wait til you see my new tattoos! Darling crickets on both of my hands.
similar in that both apps deal with peer review and incentive but Scholastica also focuses on journal mgmt and community.
& no one can take that away from me.
I got it on I need to get my nails filed down tho
love them too!! ;)
Come see me
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
great, now i have guilt.
That's good starter traffic. My blog takes up 13.7 trillion Terabytes of webspace....a day.
I'd like to be everything you want,Hey girl let me talk to you,If I was your boyfriend, never let you go,Keep you on my arm girl!" <33333
yeah you're right but it'd be nice to get something
New Photos are up.... www.colonialsphotosbyjen.shutterfly.com
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it
"Love today, forget yesterday and believe in a better tomorrow."
Something tells me neither of u can ball
Good morning guys :) Have a great day! #HappyHalloween! :) Have fun!!!
i wanted to try it but the look of it scares me lol!
Really?? Ugh :(
had an awesome time performing the cantata Behold by Dr Loretta Mangrum
Good Morning! Have a Wonderful Wednesday.......SPREAD LOVE!
I guess i'll try that thing yall call sleep. the dream team.... goodnite Humans
“: Teach a child how to think, not what to think - Sidney Sugarman” amazing philosophy!
Hi guys! What's up?
Ok...the Avengers was GOOD!!!
by chance are you doing the Interview with Eric Hutchinson tomorrow?
Follow me at all weekend for #SXSW updates
Wonderful people I've met in these border towns. Tonight, our final Baja performance. Ensenada, TJ, Tecate, Mexicali...You've been so kind.
did you get more ink on your arms is that the healing?
NBA players are such drama queens
The part of you that is still trying to figure "this" out is simply the last to get the joke. :) -Michael Jeffreys
Shoutout to for following!(:
We just watched Jeff Tweedy in Iowa City
Nice work.
Win a free shopping spree! LUCKeSHOPPER!!! Coming 2011!!!
That's sad to me, though only from an outsider's perspective. As long as you're makin' the happy then go forth.
In our collection you will not only find the perfect clock for any room, but you will also find beautiful gifts to share with others.
Now presenting "TheTeaching History Commons" is Lee Ann Ghajar and Patrick Murrary-John.
hey can you follow me back?
John Doyle - Jack Dolan - 12:18 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Yay indeed! By the way - how'd that little letter work out, did you end up letter-bombing with it?
Reconnect, Recommit, Reinvent & Review... Check in with yourself!
I cannot believe sully sullenberger is at the
your kindness is too much. Great pic, by the way.
I'm a lot like an NBA center in that I don't prepare for beach season but rather "play myself into shape".
right back at ya kid
I am at the Lowell-Merrimack game in Lowell now and it's like 30 degrees warmer in here than conte was.
What year is it again? Because I partied for the next decade.....brick city style!
also potentially very dangerous.
Early #ff RT Nancy Grace is what would happen if a Caps Lock key came to life
If you like Kustom Thrills you'll love our owner ... Follow him and keep up with some awesome things happening around the shop!
We put ciabatta rolls in the oven & after 15 mins tossed them back & forth like hot potatoes. Thawing out after Cretin home opener.
Prediction for Spurs/Clippers tonight?
going to California to meet my friends :) Should be fun
"I do like gentlemen, when they r intelligent & agreeable; every body in pants does not fascinate me." 2/3/1869
Need to figure out how to edit the title of this page to Diary of an Ex-M.A.D. Caregiver...
#GoTribe I could go, our tribe had always been short of the bar sinister.
Thanks for RT's and FF's
Swype will let you "type" so much faster one handed haha.
when i'll get to your country for #Legna Tour you are getting at least a Starbucks and anything i can try arrange
I literally can't addgdgsdg
All because of you. Love you.
About to take my first college exam #ComeOnA+
I bought a duck and named him LINDSAY.
Whenever you get porn/spam just sent DM to and Twitter investigates/deletes the offender(s).
wow haven't been on in so long sorry
Love seeing all the pitty pups in the #puppybowl such an amazing breed! So lovable!!!
It has been a great thursday & it is still happening! Happiness is productive yet lazy thursdays in Chicago!
I just noticed that every morning I start my walk to school with Ed Sheeran.
I love you too!:)
That awkward moment when your writing and you lift your hand up and your pencil flies out of your hand.
that's a negative. Pants are only 20 bucks, though.
Keith Vance has finished principle recording for Justin Markert's solo album. Dave Beans to start mixing and post production soon!
Had a difficult afternoon
I joyfully appreciate and respect the rights of all sentient beings. Don't assume I'm lost and sad because Jesus Christ isn't my savior.
now that is trending on our twitter who wants to go with her to graham this Saturday at ?!?!?
We will :)
Long as I got King Jesus, I don't need nobody else!!!!!. ;-) # TeamBloodJesus
“Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.” <U+2015> Rumi
if it's not the first and not the worst, then don't worry about it right now.
New Year's Day just isn't the same without college football on tv all day
Last thought before falling asleep: I can't wait to eat in the morning. Am I alone on this one?
I'm in marching band, and our show for next year is featuring songs done by :) I just thought i'd let you know
It's not often you get to see Johnny Mathis in the wild
Thanks for the follow Tina hope to see you in Charlotte this year. Good luck this season!
I'm mad af!
Word of the Day: Fun
I rock that twitter game like it's part of my outfit.
Homeless seats next to me, I say, "this is my stop" really just change carts so I don't have too smell her. I turn back, she on with me.
what were you thinking? Diss the Ski Patrol fundraising efforts in #ABQ? Is a 4 hour radius not local enough?
Interesting observation; I like both authors but don't consider them alike. No one can touch JU, in my opin.
Tim Gunn from Project Runway: “I Haven’t Had Sex In 29 Years” -
Slept for 2 hours? Still tired. WHEN WILL I NOT BE TIRED?
First Competition in Tallahasse soon (: , going to Orlando this weekend ?
As long as it's not Rodney Hudson, I agree completly.
I like way too many sports. Im pretty sure my future is going to revolve around sports somehow lol (career wise) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Anybody have the name of Mitt's financial advisor? Im in the pursuit of the American Dream and a 13% tax rate could really help me get there
Claire, the feeling is mutual! Welcome!
I hadn't talked to her since we decided right before lunchy
On my way to the first day of school :'(
Vernon Davis did great last game against the saints...Wonder how he will do this game!
Naaa actually today had nothin to do and it felt good
Oh no, I've been bit again...by the #travel bug. I need a vacation on the calendar!
Never been to SPAC! looking forward to it :)
Birthday beers!
Ha! Trying to have a little humility, here.
it was scary! I forreal could've had my own show on discovery channel. I army crawled! Hahaha
Please come in to fill out your email to receive specials and deals in near future ;)
That milk tastes funny..
thinking about buying one of 's keg stand t-shirts, they are legit haha
That's just too bad...
we will be looking for the best As Seen On TV products to talk about on our live show Tuesday
And nudity RT : The HBO version of The Ten Commandments would be Egyptian Game Change with Ramses Cheney and Nefretiri Palin.
haha thanks, you too! :)
No my naive little tavern wench. We got it under control. Have some berries, my treat!
#NP Childish Gambino - All the shine
Want to know the best place to see all the latest cool tv commercials? Jimmy Kimmel live.15mins of Jimmy;15mins of commercials;half a show?
he is the coolest!!
you are gorgeous!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
no one will be pushing me into a fountain!
AND come to think of it I think I worked with at the mariner games. He worked field there too right? Small world!
lmao @ internet crush!,get a life!,and stop humping everything that shows u the slightest interest...Wanch
Just flyer-ed UC's campus for new UC Second Life student worker positions
Black hair is beautiful as well. White girls would kill to do their hair what comes naturally to us.
come on writers, be more original. Come up with something new. Shock us!
My daughter's 3rd grade class is on Twitter: I love their curiosity and enthusiasm!
please follow me<3
Going to the movies tomorrow yay!:)
Fortune cookie say "Only listen to fortune cookie, disregard all other fotune telling units."
Lady Gaga Makes a Monster Entrance Upon Arrival at Seoul Airport - Gather Celebs News Channel
You are a worthless piece of shit
sounds amazing
:Sometimes God let's people leave you because He loves you to much to let u stay with a person that doesn't know or value you.
Thanks for playing it! I appreciate the support!!!
today is defo the weakest day of the #ACL lineup, IMO. other than #flaminglips and #warpaint, that is
At SJC, flying to Toronto
Going to wait till Feb to hit the gym - don't want to be confused with the new years people that lack dedication
tell your mom I said happy mothers day :))
Hi let me know if you are still in contact with Dod would love to speak with him. Ask him to reach out if possible...thanks
writing new music this week!
its not definite that we have to delete, she's gonna decide on friday whether or not we get to keep them
Joan of Arc and OWEN!
Oh to be Micheal Ealy!!! I would done that movie for free to be in those scenes with you! Great movie! & it will be #1 on Mon
I hate that.
Practice yoga or meditation for a spiritually balanced life. Discover yourself & your body. Appreciate your surroundings & life.
Do you have a favorite healthy recipe? Share it on the #ESHealthChat on the 6th!
STOP SAYING 'YOLO'
Big plans for #FridayNight?
time to watch the new game of thrones :)
- that is world class!
CHRISTMAS EVE <U+2665>
#iphone4s is exploding all over my twitter - but I still can't figure out WHEN I can get one.
Lot of intuition I ain't even finish college!!!!
we should have a whole story put together of a number of places to go for a great new year's eve.
ohh god I hope so....
Assignment meeting NOW in MGC 252!
Safe travels and good luck today to the Salisbury Seagulls and especially my favorite player, the AWESOME #3, James White!
If you die on an elevator be sure to push the up button...
despite having a terrible ending, I recommend the series. Just hope they fix it somehow by the time you finish
are you going to write to niall
why? It's fun.
Keep up the hard work. Wdytya training
Back to the craziness that is the ticket line! #sdsu vs.
whhaaaaa. there are karaoke songs on spotify?
I swear, the Marlins must have hired someone whose sole job is to RT every tweet that includes "" (no, you don't have to RT me).
I'm driving in the car with one of my girlfriends and she just put on pretty ricky. I miss you!
Now trending in San Francisco: #SFGiants, Buster Posey, Matt Cain, Hunky Jesus
Looking forward to tonight's last supper before
Good morning, its friday :)
hell yeah! roll tide! :)
Hangin out at the HOB, it'd be cool if could come out and say hi
7 page essay....sleep...work in the AM.....math hw....sleep...school...math test...Story of my lame ass life..SMH!
I love being totally random. Gotta love Austin
and I have the best conversations lol. Never fail to laugh :D
If you thought the Bush tax cuts benefited the rich, you haven't seen Romney's. Uber-benefits for uber-rich.
You can also catch updates via twitter
Thank you <3
No classes today...it's finals prep day, so study hard students, the holiday break is in sight!
Please, please, please...sell those magic #MarylandPride shoes! Anyone wearing them will hover.
I'm so proud of you. <3
"Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes,that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts.”Paramahansa Yogananda
That's why we're always tested in that area.
She can love you good but i can Fuck You Betta
you are a good rapper and I was wondering if we could do a song together
Guy watching TV in lobby, starts to get up to pray. Pretty awesome I'd say!
should I find it random that you're drinking a juice box?(;
says : "You’ll never beat Wall Street banks (as a startup) or rich big companies on cash salary so don’t pitch that either"- why not?
Okay, it ain't raining! Get your asses in here! Please.
i need to learn man, how long did it take u?
College football game day's can happen any day now.
Jack London 10K here I come.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!19
Likability factor must be a 4 out of 3
Also, splitting of "inarticulately" into two words was autocorrect's fault. Motherpussbucket!
Non-EDM night at Naga. I like it. Quite refreshing
Got ideas on what you'd like for us to blog or discuss? Let us know!
for serious.
Hey Thanks! RT : Checking out and her blog, Social Velocity thanks to recommendation from
Just emailed hoping they will do a story on us! Fingers crossed!
Join us for Trivia at your local Tavern :30! Today we are getting Extreme!! We take a look at the X games. Also did you know that Kelly...
me too i cant wait for the summer
Raise your hand if you are currently downloading the beta for DIABLO 3. Anyone? Me too. I just got a beta code this evening… can't wait!
About that time to shred some fret board rage/sexy licks. . . M tasty
MORE commercials
#NoManShouldEver cheat on his girl. By doing that you ruin any relationship she'll have in the future. Trust issues
Hi Cal-Trans. U have mobile electronic signs on I-8 (near Taylor) giving motorists info. on closure of SR-78-Oceanside
ahh you did? Not yet but I will right now!
OHMYGOD SANTA! SANTA'S COMING! I KNOW HIM! I KNOW HIM!
Happy Birthday John thank you for being an incredible blessing to me and so many others...you're the best!!!
Hey, um Austin? I got a question.. Serious question. I just might die if you don't answer. Well, um.. will you follow me? ;)
What's going on? Sounds like someone else is being awful. It's ok to be upset, but don't forget that you're awesome.
you play a left-handed guitar upside down and backwards?
Me too! MT : Someone please remind me to attend the #holisticmoms party tonight. It's about allergies!!
word got to her bro!
lol I know right... So when's the next huge ufc fight bro?
Who is in the mood for EGGcellent doughnuts? Stop in and pick up some of our HOP feature doughnuts!
Ha! Yes, lots of energy! Enjoy! :)
perfect. I could go for a cupcake
sorry i missed your tweet. i hope you were able to get in. Next time if u have a problem, I'll leave a tix for you.
Holy buckets, I'm home alone and a storm is coming. HELP!!!
Almost time for rape
Good luck! You will thoroughly enjoy it! RT : starting my bikram yoga journey tomorrow!
Tiger was contrite. Very thoughtful. To ADMIT that he felt ENTITLED was powerful.
I don't think I've cried this hard in a long time ....
agreed and sounds delicious!
WHERE THERE IS A WILL THERE IS A WAY, PAY HOMAGE EVERYDAYO, SAY SO
I think I might've just seen someone steal a car
I got the Ron cey no box very good condition let me get $20 for it
Shoulder to shoulder in a small lobby at 1035 La Brea. #auditions that aren't fun. At least no bus station smells here.
im back wit my girl lmao i dont have no girl and my phone off
Oh my god. This is crazy. I have to shut up.
Travis Porter !
im that girl
Follow me bro
Damn straight.
yes. It just means we have more important stuff to do than match and put away socks.
#6wordfilmplots Hacker Jesus saves us from robots.
Fuck the lakeshow sorry ass fakers
Going through withdrawals from instagram.
LOL, at the 15 there was this old woman dancing tribal all funny and stuff. xD
wow r online luv u
I know, but surely some of the real popular semi-pro folks on there are uploading. You don't think so?
They got the heat on death -_-
Surround yourself with good people that inspire you, treat everyone as best you can, and life will work in your favor. Good news today.
Heb.12:1let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set beforeus
Join me Monday 2/28/2011, 9pm @ Fat Cat. I will be performing with a great friend of mine, flamenco guitar virtuoso Raphael Brunn.
Thanks for your purchase. I was a pleasure chatting with you today.
How was he *not* a "culture-war conservative?" True: he didn't pursue *all* culture-war roads, but others (esp. race) he was on.
hey, I thought you were going to post a picture of Mr Wu?
Rocking out at work in Long Island to ol school at noon mix. Shouts to all my Philly Bros & fam
Not sure which of these females are more afraid of bugs or
Remember it is better not to, if you can avoid it, split an infinitive
Finals Week is here! Study, study, study and then relax. Good vibes from the Dean's Office to all of our students.
& now im crying. But thats okay, im use to it.
My textbook is like 10 pounds. My backpack is like 2 ounces. So now my backpack is like 10 pounds and 2 ounces lol
WOW! Great shot by ... keep repping LN and Indy man!
Unfollow this. Page now I'm givin solo shoutouts To everyone Follow my new page
It's an awesome accomplishment! Thanks for sharing your thoughts and ideas with the community!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE!!!
nice!!! Love the contrast and use of complimentary colors!
of interviewed Mark Tran about his launch trip today. We are looking forward to hearing the story.
Digital resources placed on reserve for teachers,students& classroom. Curricular support. 'req. Reading' per
If I hadn't been admitted to hospital yesterday for exhaustion I'd be out fighting crime again tonight. Alas, it's a crepe not cape tonight
can i have a shoutout please?! love you!!!
Faith is reacting positively to a negative situation.
that's cute. Make an interesting story about it now
Last night was the first night I had to use my fan
I destroy computers like a pro...
#scms12 Doane: the logic of the IMAX sublime is harnessed to capitalism in its discourse of immersion
austin's i guess. looks like it(:
About to moderate a panel on communication trends at
Wish I could come to your birthday party... sounds like it'll be fun :)
Excited about on tomorrow! Passion and intensity on the agenda, I hope!
This is for career planning, I assume? Both of those are very good things to do.
Gary Hoffman College Financial Aid webinars www.therealcostofcollege.com
WATCHIN HOW TO BE A PLAYER UNTIL 2MA XOXO
R.I.P National Football league
design becomes all the more important...hadn't thought of that.
For if we abide in fear then we will wander in filth and poverty but if we live by faith things once unseeable with be seen and known to all
Good Morning! Last day of school for me :)
Best ending to an playoff game ending i've ever seen
..did u change ur number?
I love you, but sometimes I just want to be alone.
During the last of MANY Nutcrackers this season, one of the truffles peed on stage. Twas a nice Christmas gift for the next group of dancers
My brain at the end of the semester: just read "Winterthur" museum and thought "no, Winterfell"
I fuckn hate bugs!!!!
not to florida right ?
In politics, polls < noise < money < whatever gets you reelected.
So cute, reminds me of my daughter! Tell Renee "Hi"!
Thanks for the RT
All I want is for you to notice me<33
decluttered/rearranged room, vanilla candle burning, pineapple-orange-banana juice, and Singing In the Rain on my tv. perfect ending.
Saw “State of Play”. Crowe was great, but it was sad to see a film where newspapers were both romanticized and dying. Wow that IS romantic!
Much needed rain in Houston!
tracking out beats! Will be uploading new joints in a few hours
man everyones gotta stop trying to be someone else, be yourself .
Did you watch the first one? With the baby powder crack and car guy?!
Omg. #PUTDOWNTHETOILETSEAT. its not that hard.
Just about done packing up. A couple hours of sleep then flying up north to record drums with Awesome!
Good morning twatterers!
best christmas ever!! my raiders winning, LOVE LOVE LOVE them!
Last night we received a text from a ghost at the haunted Hotel Monte Vista in Flagstaff, AZ
you should come to #HootFest2012 this summer :)
Have you seen our #CHIA street team on the streets of NYC or Chicago today?
Creating Final Credits-apologies to 8+ extras/day crew who got lost in computer crash-if u or friend worked on "Movie #2" or I Promise DM me
#HappyMothersDay! I love my mommy<3
ATTN: DJS - management etc. - we "GLORYHOLE" are looking for other parties to rock while at WMC and SXSW if you can help hit me up!
taking it all in.
Hope it all goes better tomorrow than today. My eyes are fully swollen from cryin but i had to get it off my chest
MAY 5TH is TRAFFIC LIGHT PARTY! WEAR GREEN IF YOUR SINGLE, YELLOW IF YOUR MAYBE & RED IF YOUR TAKEN Stolen From Pure Teen Club!
hey Geane! are you back yet from Brasil? How bout lunch this tues or thu?
Interested in learning how you can be more productive at work? Come to our Employment Workshop today at 11am at SMGW's NW Office.
I'm here, too.
Hope you enjoyed Mike!
In line at #Mavs with guy who won $10k with halftime half court shot.
I tear up everytime I watch the part where Mufasa dies in Lion King. Simba trying to wake him up is the saddest! :(
sema bro..I see the swagga
are you listening to snow patrol while on snow patrol?!
: Hi Angie, would you be willing to follow Fliqz so we might converse via DM? Would like to talk to you about Wikia...
Now that the commotion is dying down…welcome to our newest alumni, the Class of 2009 (which this twitterer thinks is the best ever)!
Negative, I can assume but I'm not 100% sure.
oh no! sorry about that - DM us your name and email and we will add you until we get it fixed.
She gonna be the A in Florida tonight, too? RT Ashley Judd is today's Y in Kentucky.
If I should ever be captured, I want no negotiation-and if I should request a negotiation from captivity they should consider th
Ariel my dude what's good? Been a while. Your boy just finished senior year finals. Graduation is May 12th. Grown man status bruh!
Well fuck, at least we're not the Canucks.
perhaps your next discussion might be w/ #KarenArmstrong #TedPrize winner & speaking now in
We're proud to announce an endorsement from , which represents 216,000 public school employees across the state.
Cracked.com is looking for writers and anyone can pitch ideas for them. They don't turn anyone away so check out their website!
just wanted to say sorry That was really stupid for me to say all that stuff cause your right you can tweet about what you wan
Yep....just checked...and MGMT's "Electric Feel" is still one of the dopest songs ever..... original AND remix
thanks for coming! fun set. just what we needed!
This bus smells like a milkshake!! Like a milkshake made of Cheetos, vomit and just a tiny splash of urine.
Seeing police blockages up on Broadway..
Odd how much better my mood is when I've written a lot during the day.
Welcome to ! I look forward to working from your awesome Newport Beach workspace next time I'm in the area.
Men don't respect the girl who doesn't have casual sex
What is your favorite kind of pie? Describe taking a bite using three adjectives.
Thanks to everyone that has pre-ordered my book. Thank you for your support... NorrisPimpton.com
sounds good will say hey if we see you
Makes sense! But didn't know that....
How you can Get a Genuinely Low-cost christian louboutin shoes ...
Loved the deals today! I ordered my 1st Fresh watch... and my 13th. Confession: a few are gifts. I can't wait to get #FRESH !!
pretty good mothers dayy!! im jealous she got some great gifts:))
Find a good idea and make it great... start with why. Inspire us to take action.
dude I just dide mine yesterday. it sucks blumkins haha
last road meal.
6/11 8:20 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Marina Franklin
Who do you think ya are? A super S-T-A-R? Who do ya think you are? You can kiss my oh-my-Gawdd! (:
My mom's making fun of what's my dad wears
Nice bird and nice game.
Oh, did I mention I was AT mardi gras this past weekend? Haha, yikes. What a place.
Romney wins the Connecticut and Rhode Island primaries
He said he wants to see me twerk
Just when I start to miss sweet summer fruits, the navel oranges that I bought a few days ago taste like candy. More please.
Agreed. Can I agree "times infinity?" :)
Today's wild card question: If you knew you had one day left to live and could do anything you wanted, how would you spend that day?
For Halloween, I was Joan Didion one night and Karen Carpenter's ghost the other. Same outfit, different face.
yet ridiculous and I <3 her
I guess you win then. You are the most awesome person in ' life. Sadly, I am not that awesome
Yes! It is about freaking time!! She should've went home way before Colton went home.
Now, to get the NEW govt job, Carl's using his council budget (aka taxpayer funds) on things like printing thinly veiled campaign materials.
Being in a relationship.. that you know for a GOD GIVEN FACT that is going to last.. is the best feeling in the world
Dont take life to seriously , noone gets out alive ...
Cool People to follow: (Thank You) Thanks!
domestic dungeon
I like your haircut Sir :3
Love the smell of a small town diner. Missing the smoke though...
you are beautiful no matter what they say, words cant bring u down. <3
Lazy mom is going to do some yoga. Unless I can find a real housewives ep I haven't seen.
jk u wrote it in your tweet. Awk. What part are you goin to?
's Margery Dillenburg: We used emotion to get our story across & it worked, now ppl R aware. We're not going to apologize for that
#NoDikkride but bouta be one of the best things that happen to my city ATL... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I said I'd only make a sandwich for 3 men: Jesus, my dad, & Paul Thomas Anderson. & makes it 5. Podcast keeps me alive.
spoken with that fervor peculiar to Giants fans. Takes mutuality for it to be a real "rivalry," fella.
#thoughtsduringoralsex is bigger... Disappointed
RT : Planning a derby party or wondering what to wear? Check out RUN FOR THE ROSES board...
The #IDF makes me proud.
I am feeling _______________..... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
San Diego, California Weather :: 66F PARTLY CLOUDY: 66F PARTLY CLOUDY
Does Jahvid Best taking under market val w/ his 10 mil while guys around him got 12-13 mil make Hughes contract harder?
. ... not responding. Not a good sign. Karen may have eaten her.
Does this make you feel better? "Big things come in small packages!"
It was an asian rap video gone wrong.
Do you deny #Climate Change & sea level rise or not care about Billion$ effect of #keystonexl to FL coasts?
Who else deletes the whole Password when you type a Single letter Wrong? lol :D
nice meeting you! keep me posted on your plans
so full on this ice cream and oreo and whipped cream mixture
Who will survive in america. They asked. and we proved them wrong. they thought we would fail. Black never fails....
ohh u already know ...I'm talking waking up on the roof of the jw, stealing ur friends car, damn near getting arrested..the usual
Yahoo's afraid of commitment.
I apologize to no one! Blodster!
that's twice in one day! Hello my name is Monica and I will be your stalker today! Lol
Fuck me like you hate me
It's none of my business if & Emma Ostilly are dating or not but I would support them if she makes him happy
Wide awake
I am still in disbelief!!
If it wants to prevent spine #injuries, relieve #stress, and be happier/healthier... sure!!!
Irreplaceable & irascible but when you reach a certain age and level of legend you get away with it
Hey, like your dragon...my dragon is red...:)
I know
“: I remember my baby's first burboun.vaguely.” or the third or fourth.
The makeover with the most beautiful after can easily be 'seen' even when you're not in sight.
"visually striking cerebral fight-the-system movies" <-- the categories are one of the things I like about Netflix
I was listening to #TurnToYou in the car on the way to school this morning and my mom started crying <3 I LOVE YOU!!! <3
call me(;
just sent me an invite for free advertising... but i have nada to sell! nice gesture from one of the brightest companies out there
follow back^.^ thank you(:
I have a 5 oclock shadow as soon as I'm done shaving kiddo!!
#Creativity is the residue of wasted time. Einstein
In discussion, it's not about the answer but about reasoning.
Riding the bus this week reminds me that some people aka a holes think their bag needs a seat instead of a person.
Got hit with a distracting wave of summer fever just walking out to my car. You're killing me, San Diego!
and Thank you for the RT! ~tail wag~ Tweet on <U+266A>
United Center is hosting Chicago Bulls vs Atlanta Hawks today! You don't want to miss this game - So call us now for tickets: 888-493-0004
Thank you #BlackOps2 for fuckin my life up. Now I gotta get back into the series. I was doing so good too smh
yea ive seen it alot but oh well shahaha
For Sale by the Oulahen Team 35 Hollywood Avenue Unit 917 Toronto - moen bathroom faucet
Maja porter is all up & down my tl!!!!!!!
Chase after truth like hell and you'll free yourself, even though you never touch its coat-tails.
There's a horrifying thought. Judicial technophobia (or just cluelessness) would really be on parade. And the MSM? Ouch!
yeah we used arri's tilt shift bellows for the whole video.
finally some snow! Hm, but it's weird dehydrated Colorado snow. Oh well!
fucking bitch ditched me... her car was faster and shit.
": Niggas hate when they get played just like females do stop that shit"
Really, you can't search your archive? Boo.
Know a 17 y/o that will be 18 by 11/6/12? Then register then to vote for the primary election! Monday, April 9 is the deadline.
bring on the Giants!
Just 30 bucks for a 1 hour massage at the Relaxation Oasis, only on www.crowdclick.com!
RENAISSANCE HOTEL THEY LOVE ME VVVRRRROOOOMMM!!!! Taxi?????:-)
I'm a high hat machine made of high tension wire cord, don't pluck with me or I'll snap and possibly REMOVE YOUR EYEBALL.
Recruiting for a Docket Supervisor for a client in Chicago. The Docket Supervisor will be responsible for state, federal, and appellate el…
I think I might have to babysit tonight
my boyfriend makes me smile :) I need to see his face soon..
well congratulations!
My ears are still ringing from yesterday's Blue Angel performance. They flew right by my kitchen window.
Awesome! Make sure you come up with a design plan for the sash. ;-)
nothing and u
replay showed no travel
Than I have dreams to also be a nerd in the day so i do both..
Live life. Stay in touch. Dig deep. Forgive yourself. Be in awe. Help others. Be silly. Expect a miracle. Play the hand you’re dealt.
finals are Monday...they expect you to study all weekend??
“: "Beauty is a short-lived tyranny." Socrates #Beauty #love” love this!
So I accidentally slept the afternoon away. No gym. Just work. There is always tomorrow.
miss you too sissy :( I be home on the 13th but only 5 days
The question is not what you look at, but what you see. -Henry David Thoreau
Nice! Also thanks for the reminder that there is a hoops game tonight. Almost forgot in all this excitement
So if kill's you, do you just automatically come back as a sparkly vampire?
DONT SAY THAT EITHER
I cannot wait anymore I have been waiting for this since day one. F- you Melissa
Just realized I got a Gilt credit from you!! Love you!
I should probably get some rest...
thanks for following :)
Did you know ... Wichita State came into today's game at 9th in the nation in shooting percentage?
Virginia Woolf by Alexandra Harris - turns out our distributor doesn't have it, though, so probably not getting it
I love my president
A lot of people do false cabinet fronts on either side, no?
so i was in nola this weekend but not for the circumstances i would of liked to be there for..
I officially have post conference plague.
#SmartScore to be Launched today at #eisummit ''SmartScore measures what 'smart' should mean today and will mean tmrw'' -
i knew, i am impressed with ur quest lol that was 4 or 5 interests ago, im thinking red heads or chinese chicks maybe-any suggestions?
absolutely! They should be ready by tomorrow afternoon for pick up. Chris will confirm w/you.
When their infants wake in the night, the babymanderers equivocate them back to sleep.
stop by and say hey on the way back. we're just up the hill ...
Thank You Cherie! I appreciate it! Have a wonderful day!
Just booked tickets to see on #Broadway in NY in June!!! My favorite movie! I cannot wait!!!
Life. Is. Good.
do you think free online services, like PSN, will be done for good now?
bless your precious, precious soul. <U+2764>
black ops
The patriot's blood is the seed of Freedom's tree. ~Thomas Campbell
do you want my pin to wear on your UNLV shirt Thursday?
Hey you guys still there? Just booked a flight to Boston for July!
"go where people are & use the products people are using" - Troy Livingston of Life and Science NC
#edshow A CAT has an IQ of 10. A LIBERAL has 11. Just so he wouldn't need a LITTER BOX.
2 more shows, tomorrow & Sunday at 7, too.
Karolyne likes getting her hair pulled every weekendd(;; Lmfao
Everyone sacking GM's right now !
NOTHING BEATS SELF LOVE...
my shoulders are not feeling it todayy....
How would I set up a private tour for March 22nd? 15 people or so.
Great idea! I think I will tell them #usfhre which stands for U of South FL Housing & Residential Education, the sponsors.
#BLECH school <U+E107>i wish my school would <U+E11D> burn down
JUST CAME BACK FROM MY FIRST CHEERLEADING TRYOUT!!!<3 WOAAHH IT WAS SO MUCH FUNN :P
new definition for a "maid man".
Getting canned goods to food pantries!
My cat reminds me they are large rats every time he brings one home. Yuck!
Curry up is awesome. checked it out recently. Ever considered a marketing video? We're interested in producing, and we're in SF
Beautiful day!
Oh, Will Middlebrooks. Really hope that baserunning mistake doesn't mar an awesome day.
: I got to get to memphis!!!
Crying while driving is not good at all!
best part is sending the all staff email saying there's pie in the kitchen!
As long as there are toddlers, there will be Sesame Street.
all yellow all the time! “: S/O to 4 affirming the healthy nature of my obsession w/ yellow .”
On the plane already. Casi Despegando!!!
": Men who masturbate more than 5 times a week are less likely to develop prostate cancer!" you're good to go
Even with my deep dislike for rihanna... I must say that bia killed her role in the movie
Religulous was an excellent movie.....I would definitely recommend watching it, even if you are a funda-mentalist !!
We live in indianapolis :)
Off to Whole Foods
Starting Monday, we'll be having a #DECALDA contest! And you thought the fun was over!
13 hour shoot yesterday, 11 hours today, one more day to go this weekend. I love #indiefilm. -JO
yo in box me yo number so we can talk real quick
K3LS3YKRUNKD00D subscribe to her on youtube!
Exchanged at 2:14 ... Right on time so far !
4.3.1 is released. Includes some new api hooks. Also check out the newest PikaChoose premium theme. Features a nifty thumbnail tray!
“: Only 4 more hours until it's time to Thunder Up & yes, I'm already tailgating.”
Like a game of chess, I predict your moves.
loving the profile pic! Nice view.
Our new shipment of BV1800TH brewers has arrived and will be headed out to our resellers tomorrow!
thank you so so much!! i feel so lucky! :)
THANKS for trying to help
oh yeah Andrea's cheeks are so butt-like!! Hahahaha that's why I like to grab 'em all day long. :P
Good night
i need to get back into the gym!
Such a good band. Caught them in Seattle this year
#psanderettememories when you followed me <333333
we are!
#NLCATLANTA Taking Risks Is INVESTING IN HOPE!!!
Lol just now leaving a bridal shower that started at 6. Such party animals :D
Geek Fight will be at Anime Central in Rosemont, IL next weekend. Anyone there should totally swing by our booth!
": I like to move it move it I like to move it move it you like to.." MOVE IT :D
shits smooth, he got a lot of views lol
It's funny how the #LakersHaters never forget to watch a game
yea. I know. But still...
I listened to an amazing interview with the remarkable Bill T. Jones on NPR. I have to see this film!
FORMULA,DiAPERS,OATMEAL<U+2665>
Palisades. Mall! Mall! Mall! Mall!
good hes to young to be drinking
it's great to be here. Hope everything came out ok.
Besides, no one (underwriters) would buy the bonds without validation.
Think about it...they don't follow anyone. Ask yourself why 2 Pac's last album was called Killuminati...They want control! A NWO
a man can only do so much :)
There are millions of orphans in the world and I want to cause a wave of adoptions! Have you ever thought about adopting a child?
its almost time for some new shit haha
The Nigerian Communications Commission says subscribers will not pay for Mobile Number Portability service scheduled to begin in September."
14 arrested for involvement in pot and cocaine smuggling ring run for 10 years - KVOA Tucson News 14 arrested for involvement in pot and
u just sounded like u missed ur old size...but do u boo boo I won't suggest anything anymore...
#ilovealltimelowbecause without them I never would've met &I wouldn't know what to do without her, even if we aren't as close now
Thanks for stopping by our company draft party Thursday evening and also thanks for signing my helmet. Really appreciate it.
Almost done with my stupid social studies project..
To get to it we have to go through it.
Deleted wedding planning emails from 2006. No, I AM NOT #PROCRASTINATING! Absolutely necessary to get done tonight.
Mornings arentvreally my thing. Smoking the sleeping.
Waiting at the genius bar, my computer is thirsty
yep...his cowardice is LEGENDARY
just made a mental note!! ;)
Ahh. Thank you for the retweet, sweetie. :) #FF #follow artist
People only change because they want to, not because we want them too.
MT : Issue with connectivity to one ISP. We've shifted traffic to our other link. Currently stable. Affected 15:24 to 15:50 UTC.
Ironically, the last-place #Phillies, are still the 4/1 favorite on Bovada to win the National League championship.
"Just b/c you are center of campus doesn't mean you are central to academic mission" repositioning LTS
that explains a lot..call me when you can.
-> that she did. Appreciate yall!
u crazy gangsta
If you need home insurance quotes, let us know. We can get you a ton of quotes from different companies at one time.
Final at 10 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Let the rain kiss u. Let the rain beat upon ur head w/silver liquid drops. Let the rain sing u a lullaby~Langston Hughes...
I am so excited to get to Boston...that this bus trip is seeming like a full day experience. Oy!!!!
Before Sean Payton got suspended, Saints could have been most likely first team to play Super Bowl in their home stadium. Now? Not sure...
Don't call it a skit, either! RT : Dear aspiring comedy writer, stop calling your sketch a "spoof"
so I called my provider and they were less than helpful and they couldn't really understand what I was talking about, help!
Business hubs function as a reference center for people who want the ins and outs of an industry
I like #doodlejump better as a nickname for Durant than Durantula. He looks like a "doodle jump."
LOL omg I mean it only 45 min by plane so u can get a cheap ticket..
lol u gotta be smart to prove those .. haha jp
Looking fwd to teaching a few design classes at IADT next term
Another fun night with the Tommy peeps! Always a great time with them. Such an amazing & talented group!
Pizza, chocolate milk, and storage wars <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Glad you enjoy the show! #GoRabbits RT : We watch, my sons don't miss it!
I'm looking to start a cult do I need a biz plan to get financial backing?
Then tell the #FSA thugs and #opposition to stop...because you KNOW bashar al #assad is not behind it.
Skiles is staying?
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public
Aw man, that day doesn't work for me. Have fun!
Back from an amazing night at the Purple Fiddle!
skipping class turned into a job opportunity. #hopeitislegit wish me luck!
jr(guy working at venue) said 1860 tix sold n said it holds 3000. He said lots of balcony left. Fwiw
I MISS THIS ACCOUNT AWW MY BBY I AM BACK
you have Facebook give me? I love your picture is handsome ha!
Taylor and I are pretty busy lately getting ready for our "reunion" show. By busy I mean drinking.
I'm GAY
party starts at 4 let me know if u wanna come I'll give u the details
One monkey don't stop my show :)
I am the shit.please pass me the Imodium.
Tried the grilled lettuce with olive oil Sunday night. It was great!
Maybe you should keep your business in the coloring book
thank you:)
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude. - Ralph Marston
Going to bed me and my unborn got to be up early
Where do we send farewell gifts? I have a couple audio discs commemorating Knicks' 1970 title with Marv Albert and such.
I've met Dawn, and I'm really excited to meet all of you. :-)
I'm with you on that. The guy that said it to me is maybe 6'-4" and a muscular build. I'm 5'-11" ...
Mavs fans @ party r pissed, said Mavs were robbed
So that explains timing of Architectural Digest cover story? What a great house, btw.
And now i know how it feels to be a fish in a bowl.
No shave November!
her bro where u at what game is tht at
Till ova here talkn mad shit..
one more drink for these bitches and it’s over, cause i’m a strike that something like a cobra, i know she want my venom.
Which shows do you enjoy watching on HBN? We would love to hear from you! – Thank you for your love and support – God Bless You -
FYI new Avi :-)) its only right
oak hill boring as hell
happy birthday and happy thanksgiving.
Justin is handsome and Selena is gorgeous. Got a problem? Too bad.
such a good show.
Striker: Mayday! McCroskey: What the heck is that? Johnny: Why thats the Russian New Year. We can have a parade and serve hors d'oeuvres
I don't know who ASSFUZZ is, but any band that needs $18k to record an EP can fuck right off, srsly.
What are the best networking organizations for women in the portland/beaverton area?
longing for the tweets of yore...
Historically bad.
What we gon do today brain?..... Same thang we do err day...... Try and take ova da world
I guess if schools are on a 2-hour delay then so am I ...
G O O D M O R N I N G to my amazing Brother! :)
We're headed into NYC this weekend. #IRENE. Should be an adventure.
Hope you like the new format, it's more user-friendly and allows for comments. Love to hear any feedback you may have
no d, u have no fucking idea how hard i was laughing. I was dying for 10 mins staright
keep yo head up boy
Thanks Happy Friday!
Today is an Awesome Beautiful Day! Hav a grt day ev body!! :)
Y r the nuggets bout 2 beat L.A. am I high or what...lol
Since I missed out on yesterday's festivities (re: the Brilliant Randall Hess) I am HOPING to be able to get in on it today.....??
Meet your farmers when you buy your eats. Open til 7:30 PM!
Hey loser where U at!?
my dad has cars lmk watsup i got u... he finances too
Congratulations! See you this fall! RT : Committed to #UARTS in Philly for the Fall 2012 semester!
Just kidding feel free. And bring <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>. And <U+2615>. No, <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>. And an eggplant <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086>
Is your Cash Mob active?
That is terrible news!
Guys, the new Sam's Club is awesome. It opens tomorrow.
I think Ryan Adams' version of Wonderwall would sound amazing if done by .
Yo do you think the Caps will make the playoffs?!
Laser whitening has immediate results. The entire procedure takes place in our office in an hour or less! great for busy individuals!
Happy Mother's day! Best part about the day? The brunch/family time!
I sure hope to God I'm more important than the west test.
You either find common ground as part of the governing or you decide to be the party of indifference. That's the question GOP
#resolutions making offerings to lord warchest. If ure curious I'll explain...
Yepp. Do you need the citation?
I can't move. Long walk. I'm so lazy.
I drove 45 min to hear the trombone player, I heard he is a prodigy
always love it :)
hard to believe it's been a year already, but the memory of those who were taken will always live on...
off to Google Buzz Hackathon this morning, tnx
Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense. - Gertrude Stein
thanks! They tasted great too, and there's room for improvement which means we have to make them again
How can we remember difficult histories without re-opening wounds? Can we harness them to build a safeguard against future wars?
Just watched DISTURBING BEHAVIOR, a very odd post-SCREAM teen horror film from the '90s.
Just had a shitty show. Does anyone know a fun way to take up cutting? I have the motivation, just not the know-how.
yayy ! Thanks for following xD You're an amazing singer ! Love you ! <3
Good luck to all!
Aw. :') that's cute. RT : Lol it's not bad you're my twit-spiration. <U+2665>
Are you eating dinner at Roll On right now? Tweet us and see your name on our screen!
uh, what?!
downloading a screen shot app but your phone isn't "rooted "
Ha.. I let yall fill on the blank on tweets like that, but in this case I was absolutely talking about a girl in my life yeah
The Nuggets could use a little of that magic. A shoddy show last night.
20 days to go from shoe box to anchovy can. Test your relationship.
hey, I'm not the one who's rooting for the Clippers here
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
ask me if i fucking care
I need to take a break from working. In desperate need for a whole day to myself :(
& Thank you for your business!
Just imagine how upset people on the internet are going to be when Facebook buys Caine's Arcade.
People I work with forget this RT there is a time for science and a time for hope/faith. As a scientist, I think you choose wisely
Not the sharpest knife in drawer. Terminally naive. Neighborhood nymphomaniac. Gals. Broad.
That moment when you don't respond to your friends bitching text because you side with her bf
Nate stole my Reese's Cup out my purse...ugh.
Yeah that's ugly, a lot of flotsam and jetsam on that roster
YOU ARE LOVED GUSGUS!! Sometimes the storms have to come so we canappreciate the blue skies when they come.
Thanks Justin., we're excited about finding someone who can help us do more for our clients. How are things?
"One day of practice is like one day of clean living. It doesn't do you any good."
Up thank you Lord Jesus. Fenna read then work on some music!
and that'll in the next few days.....the list that is.
Huge photo shoot scheduled for tomorrow ... a lot of models... going solo with assistants.. quite a shame the work is being published ...
Thanks Pete!! Happy holidays to you and your family!!
Very true. I like the Nats and think they deserve a player like him in the District.
Im too solo with it
Back from practice! :) so hey yall, how yall doing?
Whooaaa....very cold walk to the Shop this morning. Dress warm today folks.
that dude tried telling us that the park hours were till dusk. bitch i dont even know what dusk is.
So glad I'm not the only one who thinks these are hilarious.
I can't focus on anything. My mind is already in Mexico and its still a month away.
Drinking Irish whiskey with my future father in law!! Love this guy!!
What kind of infection?
#FlyMeToLondon Then connect me immediately to Australia.
Do we take sports way too seriously in this country? Have parents gone too far? goo.gl/jSubW
Blanton curator Ursula Davila-Villa is the recipient of $10k 2011 curatorial excellence award from Apple Valley Foundation. Go U!
& I'm so excited it's all finally come together!! It's been a long time coming *Drumroll*->
I now have six gallery shows scheduled between now and next January. It's hard to decide what to send where! Stress!
Thanks but it looks like that site has been shut down by the Feds. Damn Cops always ruining our fun!
That would work for me.
Doing something tonight with my girl Sage...
GOD IS GOOD <3
Infamous RT “: In hour #2 of the Mobb Deep playlist”
ALL ABOUT MY HUSTLE BITCH!!!!!!!
all I have to say is.. Ron Burgundy
": SMiRK™ Commercial will be released on 12/25/11!!!"
The Spanish aren't so bad. Sure, bull fighting is cruel but they have good food and you've got to love that accent! ;)
Every Setback is a Setup for a ComeBack - Have a great day everyone!
Happybirthdayy you are such a great friend to JB. Thanks for sticking by him.
Congratulations to the newly-renamed Council for Watershed Health (formerly the Los Angeles and San Gabriel Rivers Watershed Council) on...
Anyone in your family a backseat driver? #ChevyGirls #ChevyFun (or not so fun)
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. -
omfg. i didn't even notice that. will perform/be at my wedding. omg.
I do not think Rush's apology is sincere! He should be taken off the air.
You're Welcome! <U+2665> and Aww Thank you! <U+2665> xoxo Happy Valentines day By the way :] <3
just added fearless music video to iPhone under Taylor Swift it says 13 videos ;)
Thanks for the compliment :) Not sure if I'll make the next brkfst let me know if anything awesome jumps out at ya.
Sunday during 9NEWS 8am & 5pm, Matt Flener share your thoughts and questions with Stock Show President Paul Andrews.
Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.
thank you :)
my hours are getting cut to under 30 the next couple weeks. Going to catch up on some slumber, hibernate until May 26th.
He goes to his teachers office hours...every teacher, everyday
indeed. Hope to meet you in Anaheim!
Have fun in England!! There is always next year for the book fair. :)
Jennings getting torched by westbrook. Udrih in b4 livingston??
“: For Potters sake I hope that wasn't photoshopped.” no photoshop. He calls it a job perk.
Cheating is a dirty dirty dirty thing to do to someone. Idk how people do that
See you just that one last time, That's All I Really Wanna Do
"Hi, I'm an editor for a food magazine . . ." No bitch. Hurry up and eat your fucking food and leave. I'm tired and I want to go home.
Good day, hope all is well. Wondering who designed your website?
Where u at
Having a roof built over our patio. Just got a progress report via Facetime. Technology rules.
Don't bypass a town where there's a friend
Stupid America.
and nice cock btw
The v-necks these guys wear on this show are ridicules. Why wear a shirt at all actually I prefer it.
Bitches unite !
Oh really? *takes out a pen and paper* Your address please?
when are you officially endorsing We're all backing but thanks for the publicity tho.
I shouldn't be surprised by anything on that blog anymore, but the way the tornadoes were referenced was callous & inappropriate
Hope not! I will just pray for the best and hope I can become someone and get some sort of fame for what I do.
of the boys, one wasn't looking then he turns & the ball his his face! right in the face so he was on the ground crying:( All of us were
There's a new face around the office today: is officially on board as our new VP of Sales! Excited to welcome her to the team! :)
Good morning world -- •• god bless •• <3
oh, finally working on a video. this is great. it's a cibby video. c:
yes those honey colored eyes are all mine haha!
This is hysterical. We are having a full on convo via twitter! If you didn't know me, I could very we'll be a 350lb guy. Yum!
I knew you'd have a breakthrough before 30...
“: Lebron looks like he fully recovered from Shaken Baby Syndrome”lol
now your on twitter!!!! Awesome
Pleasantly surprised. The Twins beat the Yankees in NY. I can now go to bed.
can give an opinion at any time on any stock. perfectly legal. Mike tweets my opinions. Can you tell me how its manipulation?
u still have your partner in crime <3 goodnight ily (:
Me too yay!
It seems like this would be an interesting article to read, but I can't seem to find all of it. Do you have the link?
Credit card companies. RT : Joe Biden: Man of the ... oh, I can't even finish.
You were very nice, my husband is a huge FAN!
I want to hook me up with 's issue of Faze Magazine!
; lol, sweet, you must have been in a deep sleep.
VI will be attending the MAPPS Winter Conference, it will be held January 22 -26, 2012.
Montell Jordan sounds good after 2 margaritas
Did Labor Day weekend sneak up on anyone else this year?
Lol, yur right. I probably didn't have 15 total bases in my entire Little League career.
on iOS I use tweetbot, works great
Hi I'm glad you're on here now!!!
LOL Have you seen his Vegas show?
I love that is dominating the Itunes charts...great music to get pumped for sports..I recommended the album in my column for SS
Hoping to jam for Rains on their current tour with Five Finger Death Punch - Springfield, MO! Post on their wall to request Adam Evolving.
our walk tonight reminded me of Sense and Sensibility..."There is some blue sky, let us chase it!" ;)
Finally updated my computer to OS x 10.6 and Photoshop CS5 now im excited!!!
yum! I LOVE chineese leftovers! Are u at work next week?
Its not a higher blow/a wind from heaven transfering celestial/matter (or its humble equivalent)/ to ungrateful masses
Good morning Tucson! Need replacement parts for your cooler? Stop by and see our friendly and helpful staff for all your needs.
Peyton is being called "Fredo" now. He went against the family.
You the shit yeah baby you the bomb, middle of the day give me what I want
How was your Disney-based weekend? :)
Industry images in from Ben Huff, Mark Brautigam and Peter Baker
More than kisses, letters mingle souls.
Happy opening!!!
can we just get the boys to ellen now?
I am sure you Santa baby is going to have a big surprise for you. And in just a few minutes, he will be able to shop 4 $1.00
Wish I could go </3
Laidback Luke After Party tonight & bring tix stub for free cover at both venues!
Thanks for the RT! Will we be seeing you all at the luncheon?
nope we've barely got any snow this winter at all haha but thanks!
Woodside Petroleum starts Pluto LNG production - Proactive Investors Australia
RT : Absolutely loved church service at Bates Baptist this morning! So proud of my fam's baptism.<<
We have a great lineup of picks for Friday, you guys who haven't used us really need to shoot us an email and hop to win big time money!
We're watching Hotel Rowanda in global class, saddest movie ever<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Tomorrow, our latest lunch meeting @ Goose Island! I've got a tip for our merchant processor. Will we kill it with 7 guests again? :)
Anyone watching the NFL Draft somewhere tonight?
I can't wait for the new season!
I love the sound of it. I used to race and once that's in your blood it's there forever.
What if u want a sterile room so ppl don't say too long? :P
I'll make the decision for you. You don't like it.
I'm Gone Y'all lol Y'all Have A Good Day :)
while I have your ear, id love for you or Matt speak this year. Ill email you later.
Happy Mother's Day! Enjoy it!
Just had a great voice class with Charles Williams! Can't wait for more!
and both kick little puppies. Unfriend them both and follow me!
Thanks for the mention, Stewart!
loved it!! Put me in your schedule again ASAP. Today was too short.
I don't know the answer.
Thanks for the last 4 years of Seminole basketball, ACC Championship, tournament appearances, and DIke and UNC wins
But still, life expectancy continues to increase.
OMG,tw.updated its interface!Interesting to watch how people admire a feature that must have been included from the start of application...
Early night for me.. Didnt do any of my home work.. Oh well.
thanks for following me. i love your designs!
Don't give in to the cafeteria
hey #twitter can you add #honolulu to the local trends? mahalo!
Game of Thrones is a great book. Definitely not historical, just good fiction
Good Morning!
Thx for following. Really enjoyed looking over your website.
Painting with my family :-)
ya, and the fact nick danced to it makes it even more perf
um, it World Peace now. As in World Peace will knock u out.
Make sure to print the ones that mean something. I make books every year.
Out at Luckenbach this Sunday - it's gonna be a hoot, come on out!! 1-5pm
Is it the Knee?
Go Rockies!!
RT : Yes! When women stop trying to fix their man and start holding him up, God uses him in great ways.
I got a subscription to Lynda.com as a birthday gift. Adobe CS4, beware! Your new mistress has arrived!
yeah you gotta be a colonel fan now for real
stream you sexy beast
Thanks for the RT. I'm already looking at the calendar, to attend
MUSHY PEAS!! Love it!
Thanks my guy! Stay in touch, let's grab lunch soon.
I'm down town tryn to grab a drank. Holler
Are you implying that Manning doesnt have "it"? I think perhaps they both have "it" but Manning is lightyears more talented
TOO GOOD. But I'm glad you fixed it!
just hack onto my profie and look at my dms i gave my # to jerod
Awesome job with #EdCampCT ! We're certain it was fantastic day of learning.
tell Me why Though
Newsweek cover has Pres. Obama with a rainbow halo and the title "First Gay President." Desperate to sell mags much?
would love you to try our catering to use us for future events!
of course dude, thats crazy that were actually 21 now right? hah
prodigy looks so cute:)
Help us return the Virginia State Senate to a #GOP majority with your vote this
Pumpkin seeds with touch of sea salt - kinda awesome
ERM, OD, 6-Sigma all contribute to improving the operation. #Communication is still the #1 issue with employees. Let us design one for you.
lol same d or j??
I am continually amazed at the energy and sense of urgency puts into everything he does.
No prob. I don't understand how so much hacking occurs on twitter. Happened to me the same day! Seems like an inside job to me.
Arctic Monkeys - Riot Van
DM me your email address and I can email you more information. Hard to explain process in 140 characters.
today Its Ficelle day!!!!!
Almost pooped myself like George Brett today
Nothing is better than getting things accomplished followed by saying he is making me dinner tomorrow night :)
i feel so weird right now shaved my face i feel like a baby and look alot younger xd
Haha I do not know much respect! happy to James C:
Parsons: 80% of #data #citations can be addressed by mechanisms we now have + due diligence by data centers. Get started.
Isn't it so annoying when your parents tell you the same thing over & over again?? & you just sit there & think, "YES, I GET THE POINT"-___-
RT“ Having Someone You Can Always Talk To >”
Moody softball beat Victoria East 14-8. Moody advances to the region semifinals.
im following ya sis
Oh no! You must see it soon! It was so good and two hours long! :D
If my Mf girlfriend go to sleep on me one mo time
totally hitting it by then
is your trophy case next to your 27" tube <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA>?
The current assumption that economies must grow to improve is not sustainable. We don't tell people to get fat or starve. It's about balance
In less than an hour, I am leaving to see ! FINALLY!
love your work ethic! Your a monster in the gym!!!
Some people are so ignorant.
We thank for having us on Sunday Night Fiyah & NIGHTWATCH and for being a part of Atlanta's discussion about natural hair care.
do u know what part of canada austins coming to? i wanna know if hes gonna be close to me <U+2665> i hope he is!
The Rain In Spain, Omg Rachel,
George is our car's name...who is your George?
get to twittering
hmm yes. schemes and scheming. how to go about pulling carpets out from under without having carpets pulled out from under you first?
snuggled under the duvet :) don't wanna move!
I just know the ones on my end
Kobe got ALOT of dick suckers.
The Kooks | The Music Venue, Gold Coast
Ms. Exec VP. at your services. Let me handle some biz this morn & we will do one of my favs which is FaceTime!!!
just the contacts. went last month and I had job offers if I could have stayed. Regardless, I love the city :)
Happy Hump Day America!
Theres bunch of open seats on th bus surrounding where Im at y must u plop ur ass down rite in my personal space????
Watching a band that gave me my start in music...thank you
Is these birds or bats chirping outside my window gotdamn????
Nene on Glee
Lets go together, really! Next Tuesday. I need new everything. #expensive. But it's fun to stay in, save money and paint.
I always seem to give up on myself (Emarosa)
Two hours til ATX. I missed you, bed.
not tonight
Laura Lawson on community gardens in 1890s, 1930s, WWI, WWII, today. Asks, must urban gardening always be framed in terms of crisis?
Rancho Gordo's chili pepper goes on the salmon too. I love Rancho Gordo. It's not just beans.
My brain has not yet exploded from all of the ideas and things I need to do when I get back to campus.
amazing birthday thanks to , , & <3
go girl I also have some pretty toes for a man
is anyone else watching the pocono 500?
tub: hot water & epsom salt. That should do the trick (:
Hope all of you #littlemonsters had a great memorial day.
No! Yoga is not competition. Yoga is the process by which we calm the mind to achieve conscious living & inner balance.
He would set sail on the world wide web
I think my heart just skipped a beat : )
Happy Earth Day! Crestline Homes recognizes the importance of adopting green building policies.
“: The #SportingKC defense hasn't allowed a shot on goal for 245 minutes, which is a new #MLS record.” BRICKWALL BABY!
Awesome, sending over the gift card donation for the auction tomorrow! cc:
Theres a girl there, you just cant see her.
Living In The Shadow Chapter 9 - car seats baby with animals
: lmao jk im not a creep, ill just be in one spot. =P & yess i believe in you.! Haha & i didnt get to do anything. -.-
I love Selena Gomez she is fantastic
good. I'm trying to think of an excuse to say about me not being in 1st period
i did indeed, thankewverymuch. :)
“: okay I like the purple pink font one! How much”they 35 I think ma
C'est de sang-froid --> RT Why is it that when banks lose billions, someone French always seems to be in on the deal?
WE will keep Coach Bob McAdoo in deep prayer.
oh, Ive been sneezing and I have serious sinus pressure. Nothing major, as most would say! But I'm ok, thank you.
what now?
Just in time too, I was very close to severely hurting my old phone. LOL!
- Saw you at the grocery today. You're not ugly at all! Quite pretty! In fact!!
Got some really special surprises for House Of Blues. Cant wait for this show! If u don't have tix yet, hit us up.
Me too!
Driving around>>
Ugh I hate rain! It turned my hair from straight to curly smh I hate been mix with almost everything at times like this!
why is there a flame in that tweet?
"Look honey, it's a wombat." "Actually Mom that's a wampa."
Sushi & shrimp tempura roll for lunch...mmmmhhhhmmm
Another busy week in the office while most of the guys are out hitting the recruiting trail. Looking forward to the updates.
#paleodiet going strong. Half way there to reach 100 days of #paleo!
Funny how brits say that everything is "brilliant," because using words incorrectly doesn't seem brilliant to me.
Half-Time. Perfect break 2 get connected w/ #SuperBowl. Text INFO to 722012 (SB2012) 4 Super Bowl events, #SBVillage, inside info, more!
Follow me too, the beard is an avid cyclist
Which credential? Judy Hale explained, "It is about what you want to do. ISPI's is both proficiency & competency-based." Judy Hale.
Are printable copies of The Flinch available? My wife and I read it this morning, loved it and want to use it on our retreat.
Lesson Officially Learned.
I.A.F.G.A. - I am f*cking gabriel antonio. <U+2605>
Last night though... Really?! -___-
Best prices with the ultimate quality is what you can expect from Galaxy Digitizing.
Laura Fucking Diaz, you just don't know who you're messing with mama.
#ImThatPersonWho gets mad then gets over it after a few minutes.
Gearing up for a fabulous weekend!
did you know that Triple A doesn't cover snake removal? Someone should start a petition!
im so fast i hit the light switch im in bed before the room get Dawk!
I know! I'm gunna go get that stuff thooo.
Just bought China Mieville's PERDIDO STREET STATION on and 's recommendation. What have I let myself in for?
More Money and Success Cometh Now!
Eh. It would take a transparent agency and an open-minded client. A novice designer and a seasoned CTO could be a disastrous pairing.
Big mtn ride today. Fast descent. Attacked it. Chinese fd 2nite - gonna attck that 2!
Just watched Citizen Kane with you. It was glorious. I learned a whole lot. And I thought I knew a whole lot.
changing password now. cheers and thx.
It is likely for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its inbuilt limitations and troubles.
Hi Brian! We went 2 school 2gether, grad.n same class. Congrats on all of ur success! I nvr miss a shw here n C'ville Luv u guys
Front row seats at Jack Johnson, thank youu
Yes. I will go to math tomorrow, will NOT turn in any of my work, and will most likely fail the test
(Not really news in OB/GYN or clinical care, just out of reach cost-wise for most in situations where EC is wanted.)
I love that boy!!
No coat needed in #Bloomington today. Gorgeous outside!
At the #BGHotRods game!:) just caught a shirt!
Even my heart beat wakes me up
I used to have one that routinely changed Edinburgh to dingleberry. Which seemed a bit harsh.
Goodnight twitter(:
probably mid week next week! Release is at City Provisions #CCBW Beer Dinner 5/21 with
I'm also a JCR fan. And a Bridges fan, but his voice has reached unholy mumbling levels.
Please Follow Us For Live Jazz!!
My #Braves beat the Phillys in a great crazy game tonight. Go Braves!
i cant get through either! yeah thats the only one i know!
I just got several thousand requests from North Carolina citizens wanting to move here. Did they run out of BBQ or something?
Praisable Press 7 is coming. Stay tuned.
It might be incredibly early, but Lunardi has #mubb projected at a 5 seed in the tourney.
I'm in
Yes! I haven't seen you since Stubby's!
Every time you speak, I can't help but think a monkey with a cymbal would clearly make you get your point across better.
#2brokegirls = BEST SHOW EVER!!!
Ms. Dolan…Please Realize That”Good Morning, I’m Not Wearing Any Underwear” Is “Not” How We Answer The Phone Here At Citibank…
Whatever u need me to do, I'm there!
I'm at the library now and was literally just thinking to myself about how loud the librarians were! #areyoume?
quickly tomorrow!
Even though had a good time in Chicago, glad to be going home.
consider this an official song request. RT : get to sing his Russian version of Pussycat Dolls
I fucking hate cramps.
everythingg starting to get better :]
Checking out www.bethemessage.com.
its beautiful! But ouch on the pricetag
#houston friends get a pair of guie #shoes for only $50 bucks! #fairtrade #hadmade flats to stand out!
stone ruination and a 2010 bigfoot. paired well with NBA night cap.
Dug out some Kingston Trio for Sunday morning music session
Happy President's Day! Are we the only ones at work??? :)
Were You At??? ( Boost Mobile Voice).
Love that show show too!! Please keep holding on!!! Cheers!!
this tweet was part of her tweetorial
No leader leads alone - they have a clarity of vision #iwd leaders are not as important as their vision
You're welcome.
and to all of our other followers THANK YOU! We greatly appreciate you all!
Modern medicine has already discovered that love increases the human immune response. Create more love everyday.
Happy Birthday, Mr. President! May God continue to protect & bless you...Barack H. Obama!!
okay good tip. Is this because it's impossible to combine the two. Need to know. How about pants wetting. Can I combine?
Ha. Thank you. It's hard to be number one. Thanks for the favorite.
Working on the #ComedyCentral show NTSF:SD:SUV:: today! Booked without an audition!
Stand up for the arts today Marylanders! Tweet to your US Congressman why the arts matter to YOU.
lol now isn't that nice...
Okay--spellcheck that last one.."where" instead of "wear"? That would be the hangover talking..
I'm enjoying my new phone too much (:
Hawks win! Wait, Winnepeg got their team back? Sweet.
Completed 1st reading of Vogue Knitting's #Crochet magazine. Many good projects, esp. 4 newbie like me! Lots of lovely options 4 all levels.
The road to success is always under construction.
Popping back on for Bengals at least. Melvin Ingram seems sensible but who knows with this draft.
Welcome to Utopia #PublicLibrary, where "attendants" watch your children & weirdos are barred from entry.
Let's shoot for 19 more followers by tomorrow to hit 200! C'mon fans!
Next big mobile techn to watch from : image recognition (low infrastructure content delivery) & augmented reality
congrats on the #allstar team big man
During my year at NIU.......i earned 1 C, 2B's and 8 A's.
purr-T pink!!
haha! Good! Cause.... Hitting people is mean. And clarissa isn't mean anymore :)
Nice, did it also have the "under construction" animated gif?
Dear Crayola, Please make a new color called "Jersey Shore Orange" Sincerely, The world.
how fun!!! enjoy, cant wait to see it!!
That's right, I was thinking of Guemes. cold cold cold here. If this is global warming we're getting a raw deal.
there's this kid that has a great voice just like yours and he is he's a great person
still at Jade's (:
On webinar with #mozesinc, invaluable #sponsorship information with industry giants and !
Thanks for the follow back! Have a great Friday!
With #Santorum out of the race, #Gingrich becomes the de-facto second-place challenger. He'll stay in until the convention.
It Feels Like Friday , I Wish It Was ! -_____- Today Should Be Surprising <3
I can't wait for the RobSexy talk Library
Re-calibrated my awesome scale this afternoon. Turns out it was actually a 21.
I guess Joe Biden made a pre-nuptial announcement.
Bumpin all day
That moment when you find yourself being happier than ever before<3
Im just livin 1 hell of life!
man you and aa been preaching #Bud Ice since 97. Maybe you need to reach out. I say Isner runs the table, bryans win too.
Would you want to live rent-free in the basement of Edgar Allen Poe's house, in the Bronx?
I've never done anything to you! But you literally kill me! I'm like dying inside!
Oh I once seen you in Atlanta w/ the rest of AI Season 5 constestant, changed my life forever and can't complain.
down....they needed a starter not a backup
yeah! Hanging out all 3 days! Tomorrow we'll be at the bank clothing tent all day. And AMP musicians saturday @ 5:45 & Sunday @ 3
I should have smoked a Dutch and went to bed at midnight. I was on autopilot for hours last night.
Late show with Craig Ferguson!
I'm ready to win it. What do you wish of me?
You know I will bro. Let me figure out what I can donate first, and then I'll start pubbing it early this week.
Celebrating Milwaukee's birth with the Mke Press Club tonight!
game of thrones season 2 premiere.
Carly:"Why can't you read at home?" Sam:"My mom keeps yelling at the cat to get a job..." HAHAHAHA
Sir Charles and Kenny the Jet as co-hosts
Thank you Knicks!!! #GRIZZNATION appreciates you. Now we gotta grind it out tomorrow for hca.
How are Rick Buck and Melanie doing from season 2? Still together? Let's get an update before season 4 starts.
Oh my god. Most. Intense. Movie. Ever.
Hey Wendy, As always, many thx for the RT!
I know a lot about single-scroll turbochargers and sodium-filled exhaust valves after this morning.
At 22, I said that as an academic, "I'll keep one foot in the academy and one foot out." Am amazed that it's really worked out like that!
Bottles?!?! Last minute hookup text our host @ 630.235.7357 throughout the night! We're open late #Chicago!!!
I am sad must wait 2 weeks for the near chapter
Every time I see a picture of that tanning mom from New Jersey, I am so glad that I've never had the patience for tanning.
Please take a few minutes to check out our Reverbnation page as well as our FB page! WE NEED LOTS OF FANS!!!!!
You know, and I know you know and you know that I know you know what you know!!!
an early good morning to you, too! safe travels all the way out to vienna. hope you're doing well
Eric Sims wrote: “Beliefs create reality” -Melody Beattie
Funtime question of the day! Take a look at your iTunes and the 25 most played - which song is #10?
sorry for the delayed reply. She (Madden) got 2nd degree murder charge. Still sad for both families. Two African Amer in college
I have been tired af all day! but after how long I slept yesterday, no more naps for me, ever! hell naaa! -.-
idgaf that he hates me though hes a bitch lol
Was it you who brought in those brownies today?
Listening to Donny Hathaway. The man was a genius.
Really pumped for another Everest show in San Francisco! March 4th @ The Independent
Two of our designers and are helping today by reviewing student portfolios this afternoon
The Bakehouse bread of the month for April is Italian Feta! Available every Saturday all month long!
Coach Cal extends an invitation to ex UK players to work out at Ky. Make tix available!where do u think money earned should go? tell us!
RT : Congrats to future Big12 member TCU - Mountain West Conf. champs for 3rd consecutive year, first time that's been done.
Kentucky players signed as free agents: Matt Roark #Patriots, Ronnie Sneed #Lions, Anthony Mosley #49ers & Ryan Tydlacka
NO THANKS on the Jeep offer :-) Id love to have more Haiti connections though!
Sort of. I was there, but there's an insanely long line so I passed up the glory of her cooking. They don't take reservations!
Can u please tell me if i could still enter the contest??? i would really love to enter it
It's May Day. If you're not wearing ruffle panties and getting toasted on good scotch, you're wasting everyone's time.
Off to iu soon.
Our kitchen is cooking scrumptious meals for you next week. On EL menu: Apricot Roast Pork, Chicken Piccata, Chicken Tortilla Soup & more!
Wudup Peyton u r da next Dwayne Wade dog my name is Julian paz from AZ i am 17 and i hope u do good at Louisville
hey when are you free this week??
Did you stop hating them when Bruce Bowen left? Is that it?
Oh. *laughs* i was wondering why it was all over my timeline.
Some people just break thru your wall and you have no choice but to let them in all my defenses are no match.
We have a brake from the rain. Come on in and enjoy. We have some great food and fun for everyone.
My throat hurts, I think I'm getting sick /:
haha I know I just wanted to start some tweef. But I diz NOT HOLY CRAP I JUST FIGURED OUT HOW TO LOCK THE CAPS LOCK! AWEsome!
No more school for me , till I start my nursing career (:
Yo Anthony! Stop by booth 318 to start our scavenger hunt. They prizes won't disappoint!
I love the southern guy with the arrow in the walking dead<3 only reason i watch the show anymore
thank you (:
Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?
Got a smile on my face after seeing what the Memphis Grizzlies did to the L.A. Clippers tonight in Memphis! Gotta love the Beale St. Blue!
word? Hit me up on sat or sun
When Jacob comes by >>
Just bought my homecoming dress! I cant wait :D
please tell us more. I would have love to be part of it. Can you send a link?
let me knoe if uy find out
For sure! RT Looking forward to setting some dates for The Bullpen, Nats Park, or Truckeroo this year!
Happy Monday!
You are so. lucky
"It is the summer of my smiles. Flee from me; keepers of the gloom." From the song, "The Rain Song" by Led Zeppelin.
Thanks for following and supporting us, please also like us on Facebook!
Please disregard and don't click on any errant, explicit messages with my account name...I've been hijacked in a virus scam...thanks!
Subscribe RSS · Email · Mobile
Thanks for the shout out, !
Thanks boo!
oh, that's cool
alright government, it's just you and me.
I knew it was a man. Didn't expect the Piano shot. Don't know what the movie is about, but intrigued? Haha :)
Woohoo -- 3,997,996 documents delivered! We're almost to 4 million and learning who has won our giveaway.
Follow ACLS Digital Innovation Fellows! Who else is out there?
LOL!!!! No plans to go back to Oregon ever! They move to slow up there!!!
lol I'm jk! They look nice
unless of course you ate 11. Then you times 100 ties me
Follow Please.!! She Wants You To Follow Her REALLY BAD :)
Listening to cable car (the fray) on a cable car, feeling emotional and great
Oh my God. My room smells so highly of weed. I really hope my parents don't come home soon.
party it up
shut up!
No such thing as a minor lapse of awareness. You’re either present with what is - right here, right now - or you’re someplace else. Ten
Gregory's wife worked for FannyMae - why are we surprised by his speaking at a Republican advocacy group function?
The great and powerful is now on twitter! Oh haappppyy daayyy!
A saviour will be there when you are feeling alone<3-BVB
A coon in need is a coon indeed.
m---k! ChapMAN uko
Whatever you're looking for in the Universe is lookin for you
": “: Your Ralph Lauren from Ross or Marshals isn't shit.” lmfaooooo" :b
----hold on. jus' a little while longer
What do you love with YOUR wings? Ranch or Bleu Cheese?
It is profoundly more important that we truly love people than that they like us.
you'll be fine!
The enhanced SOTU broadcast is an interesting idea. We'll definitely be talking about it during class on Thurs.
iPhone photography... Thoughts... Ideas?!
watch out I have the power to ruin you life in one cough for the next 24 hours
I'm still fascinated how that could have happened in the first place...
Need a new song? Go to the Performing Arts Library at Lincoln Center - it'll blow your mind.
been hurting out here!
The table next to us complained 4 times about their food and server. I almost confronted them on their selfishness and attitude. Would you?
why couldn't i blessed with dancing skills? no, i got intelligence and awkwardness instead..boohoo.
Butterfly in the sky, I can fly twice as high... so take a look, it's in a book READING RAINBOW
Greetings fellow Mancow/ Motley fan. What's happening?
Hey What's the best thing on the menu?
mayor is a public service. Refuse your salary and rid assistant positions! Saving city potentially millions!
10 Point Game
thank you!
The weather (wx) is beautiful today in Florida. I actually got out side dide laundry and vacumed couch & fan
damn. that's depressing.
Parade on in the background, trying to teach myself to fold paper stars. Happy thanksgiving all!
Yup. Grateful 4 him RT : tweeps, since most of you are #Brewers fans...Are you rooting for Prince Fielder to do well in Detroit?
Because most companies don't see immediate return in blogging because it takes time and effort. FB takes two seconds.
Listening to Mac Miller <3
We UltraSound More Vaginas By Noon, Then Everyone Else Does All Day!
#sla2009 offered most excellent wisdom and guidance on leadership and leading - from Colin Powell to Neil deGrasse Tyson.
roughing the kicker!!! wuz up with that??
Sanctuate! will be on Channel 6's tomorrow (3/29, 9am) - see our in action & watch for a special offer!
Opening night for the Ducks at Honda Center, who's here? Quack out loud.
Panera & new lip gloss :-)) the perks of skipping class
bo the title is misleading, as he didn't live alone for 40 years. Cool story though. :-)
Was just thinking about, lots people I know are going contracting to full-time jobs.
WE GET IT SOMEBODY JACKED YA DAMN JACKET AND FRIDGE!!!
He found time to engage me, and to change me every day.Coco Chanel
#seco2012 is off to a great start. Tonight, join SECO for the Opening Reception at the Marriott Marquis hotel starting at 8:00 PM.
yes we did
it starts tomorrow
it seems that a widow in France, tired of getting tax demands for her late husband, had his mail forwarded to the cemetery...only en France
right on!
Just above Hipster NE Mpls, just below Frendly Fridley. Used to by my 'hood.
One more day to get to the Pittsburgh Glass Center Holiday Show -- 10 - 4 today.
“: Who wants to teach me Spanish?” baby I do I will love to help u
Welcome. Thanks love
Thanks for the RT! We're looking forward to the event!
The app is called 360.
Cake cake cake cake cake
lmfao yeahh ! haha i thought you knew lol pretty much everyone does ^.^
The Clinton version of #HCR was more gov oriented than 'Obamacare's' market oriented version Romeny praises Clinton. Romney=govt take over??
P.S. Your phone just buzzed telling you about this tweet... but I have it
Will Ferrell is a fool!
pics or it didn't happen RT“: Going to work braless and commando. Why, u ask...because I can!! Bam!!”
I'm cool with voting, plan on going myself. But if you don't feel that you're educated on the candidates or issues enough then don't go.
can't wait!
Love shooting His shows are fun and entertaining for sure! Great musician and voice. Wow!
Thanks for entering #KeyToBlackKEys Giveaway for Black Keys tickets!
Sounds like a text/conversation I've probably had...or something I'VE SAID lol
Happy selling. Let us know your feedback
Personal. We do have a band wall too, which has a good number of photos people have posted from the dates.
When your life flashes before your eyes, make sure you’ve got plenty to watch. - Anonymous
"Katie has waited 10 years to be ordained. What has happened to you in the last 10 years?"
Hurray Mittens!
Great to connect with both of you in the work of improving the lives of America's Children! Irvin here!
are you in Kentucky yet??
You might contact the mfrs. too for discontinued or tradeshow-worn samples. They get a deduction & good PR.
This design thing is makin me tired. Shits lookin coo tho.
strike that. 3 links from and no prompt. I'll be shutting up now. Well done !
What are you looking for? RT : Where r future #FitFluential DUDE Ambassadors? Are u a GUY that's bringing it & sharing it online?
Fun fact. American credit cards cannot be used in many shops and restaurants in England.
depends on who ya wit lmao
It's 1030. Why is there this horrible traffic !
mentally I would agree, especially the Iowa style where it is nonstop from the opening second - grueling just watching it.
Take it back :(
Add birthday wishes from Candy and Simon in Boston.
Could Dmitry Medvedev stand against his mentor Vladimir Putin and run for a second presidential term? WNA tonight
Red label n coke Woot!
!!+||+ G1 BLOWING UP CLUB MATRIX ON SATURDAY...SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I wish there was some sort of Gaffirmative Action that could help me get into grad school just for being gay.
Mumford and Sons on the lawn by Bass
#thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral hearing these wack ass songs on the radio when there is so much talent who gets no play.
I don't even know where to begin. This sucks.
#Ward1TownHall is going great -- great turn out!!
Now has recording samples available for your listening pleasure @ www.myspace.com/danielfoldes. Tell me what you think.
Thursday via train, should get there by lunch. I'm packing a lot in that afternoon!
guess we know who the sucker is now
Today was "search day" at school kids got searched for drugs!! I walked into the hallway and saw a boy in his boxer getting searched!
Niggasz be slandering other niggasz name just to get some pussy that the shit i don't like
hi KT, thanks again for the invite. Had a great time hangin with the pharmacist. See you at MAC
Keep digging yourself in a hole you can't get out of really it's entertaining
The buffalo is spicy but not super hot.
Still going?
Is it because you're so hot-n-spicy? (Ya know how opposites attract) “: Hey fans , why are you so fucking cool ?”
Got a preview for y'all from the mixtape coming at 8
(c) & how girls see those images and get eating disorders and stuff, and all the boys were laughing about it....I actually got pretty upset.
First person to mention this post at our #Madison #WI Store gets $10.00 off any order.
- love it!
yay! i love the visual of Twister for your soul! thanks for reading :D
May 16 - 27, its starts today #CannesFilmFestival - Wish we could be there!
we both know what you must do
Make it a back pain free day!!!
yea and it was loud too.
Everybody has a breaking point. Including almost every condom.
I facebook stalk you all the time....
Anyone taking bets on whether or not Congress will roll Obama much as the Dems did to Jimmy Carter?
if you're flirting with my ex, don't bother trying talk to me as if we're friends
Y my aunt hit da pole on dis bus! Lol! Dis sum BS!
#thatawkwardmoment when you find out justin bieber is older than you
fine and you?
Took too long to load.
same issue here, what was the answer?
Tonight on 10; Reax to IA/ISU Bowls and your latest winter weather forecast!
Fake laughter is the best reassurance....for others.
4 reminders per day to take a few shots. Go outside and take some shots of someone approaching you from afar. Good job!
"Yeah, I'd like to talk sometimes Charlie. Uh...maybe when I get back? .. Uh .. in six months." owned by tess, charlie.
We seriously need to talk about this artist/designer/developer position you have open. I know you're listening. ;)
kirko bangz "drank up in my cup" man hold up i got swangers on the truck. Screwston tx.
ESM client Lionel Smith , CB, Tex AM has best workout at A&M Pro Day!
yep. that was definitely a sign for me to stop. it cannot happen.
Actually, that's not entirely true - there was a stop at Five Guys for food in between bc I overheard talking about it today.
I'm ready that go maybe I can win
#SaySomething is the perfect summer song <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>when is it on itunes?
See, you can't misspell it even if you want to!
I've had zero luck so far in Boston as well
denver you now have the best mexican food deliveried right to your door look us up at picososmexicanfood.com for more info on yahoo
Thanks for the RT! How's the editing coming along?
Black Friday Deals are coming!
and why do I see your trucks handle "egg product" ?
Act like a woman think like a boss <U+265B>
i'm still paranoid about their security model, so i just keep things there that i wouldn't mind seeing in the newspaper
Are we friends on Facebook? Have you recommended our page?
Just added a 140+ year old photo of North Broadway south of Ashburton Avenue in Yonkers, NY. www.VictorianSource.com
come bff!
Can I get a refill??
When I was a Cowboy Fan at HU (1974-78) and survived all of the Redskin Fans. Living in ATL & Chi - is easier
i'm gonna cut you
new york times and nbc news are covering brooklyn bridge arrests
Hu beautiful girl
you can get the drugs from derek LMFAOOOO JK when i asked him where he got them from he said idk..im going to ask him tom
Ha! Luv that guy! RT You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. - Yogi Berra
Going back to mid 90s this weekend in DFW! But today is SO nice! Wish it would stick! What do you want to see this autumn?
You also thought WPT Prague was gonna be under 450 and it got 571.
bum followed me down Forbes for 4 blocks, yelling, when he spit 5 feet, almost hitting me so I looked at him weird
Does she understand what multi dimensional mean? He's good, but 5 opera songs vs 4 different genres. Hm...
It's gonna take one title and LBJ will get peace. Folks said Manning couldn't win til he did. LBJ Wants to be Pippen, not MJ.
Yo Don, don't drag Foghat into this, please. Shank Hall, Milwaukee, '96, before the passing of Lonesome Dave. Top 5 alltime
In the redzone. Holding breath.
That's greats. See you have a common proper name. Who in the hell gone hiring somebody named Jacquisha They cant pronounce it
I didn't say it was awful! I just said I'd rather spoon my eardrums out than have to listen to it for more than 3 minutes.
Hey now!
Fixed, thanks!
I could do it for you boo(:
The panel overlooks Korean conflict. A nasty three years often forgotten.
uggh. Hope you make home soon.
Safe travels home...glad the gig went well.
About to flip out in confusion ... Texts . 304-608-2662
Hurricane season begins early as Theory of a Deadman blows into the Chameleon
definitely.. And watching playing and coaching are all completely different and it takes certain types to be able to do it
I never tire of Ken Burns' Baseball. It still grabs me even after double digit views. And I'm not really a baseball fan.
Hour and a half later, still no Lupe sighting.
You're absolutely right. Perfect.
At Sheds Aquarium
I have some of the BEST friends EVER! Got a care package from a couple bridesmaids & a home cooked meal from
And not a revenue model in sight! RT : Wow there are 50,000,000 blogs out there!
Luis Rivera should be suspended as a judge what fight was he watching
"Every year getting shorter/Never seem to find the time"
#blackgirlsrock ...yeah, we do don't we.
#3wordforyou get lost loser
good! Did you get invited to littlemonsters yet? How is your life? What have you been up too??
I often tell myself they live in Opposite Land which explains y they get everything wrong.
& in the end you can't trust anyone but yourself.
What did the baby corn say to the mom corn?.. Where's pop corn? LOLOLOL c:
dude same here. the one in the AC robs me all the time.
Been in Tel Aviv for a day and I already feel scrutinized and uncomfortable.
Yeah, I forgot that they were signing Padilla. A's or DBacks. O's had interest until they heard he doesn't like sushi.
Got to be the sure shot RT “: Today we salute Guru he died April 19 2010 but he lives FOREVER!”
Oof. It's a good thing I don't watch DWTS.
hope you are all having a good holiday weekend. my neighbors are cranking the Otis Redding -- Sweet!
<U+269B> If I could tell my story in words... I wouldn't need to lug around this Camera <U+269B>
Going to take a nap by the pool. :)
So not ready for work tomorrow. Can't I just stay home and bake cookies? :(
The only limits I face today will be those I self impose. God Himself is holding open the door to my purpose and I'm walking through it.
I've tried that. Not as effective as you'd think. ;)
have you ventured back home already?
Damn Girrl , you wear more blush in a day then i wear in a year ! -.-
Im so excited for the Nicki Minaj music video in 3 min !!!!
yea 2 more weeks
lol other things???? Lol guess what I'm thinking.....lmaoooo
cool lets get it rollin!!
im in college lol and i personally dont give that out sorry lol
Ever just want to kick people in the head and just ask wtf is the matter wth u?
Chicago looks to be wet the next few days. Packing my $5, plastic, camping rain coat. I ain't shame. And I won't be wet.
Nothing better than a freaking out child before the flight. Screams "No Mom, please I don't want to fly". Oh please no!
do cats like sardines?
Just tell'em yes...in about 6 months ;) RT YOU GUYS, SOMEONE JUST ASKED IF WE HAD THE HUNGER GAMES. ON DVD. THE FUCK?
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool i will stab everyone in the except for my crush & my best friend ...
I did
Why did someone start playing country on the jukebox
Hey selfish prick celebrity it’s me obligatory asshole twitter guy. How bout a mutha fuckin ReTweet you Bitch!
Ugg... I dislike pushy annoying people who assert themselves over everyone, meaning my neighbors.
been working a lot
Good luck to you both! Can't wait to hear the news!
<U+E210><U+E220> more followers than I have <U+E210><U+E21D><U+E225><U+E225> followers please help have that goal and I will follow u back please <U+E407>
it's a developer account so you can put Twitter into your website
YOU are amazing! Thanks for being a pioneer with us and getting right in there! You're performance was awesome!
Ah, the '60s - when "chisel-jawed blokes with graying temples helped women with pointy knockers into their chinchilla stoles."
LOL, I just can't "No gossip today! I gotta get this coochie together because being tardy for the party is late! "
ah i see thanks I'm new lol
there she was just a girl. she expected the world
more stressful than a couple hundred pounds on your back (I don't have kids yet)?
Having sex dreams about girls . . . awkward.
I have the biggest headache right now.
I understand. I had to start over some years back but you will be better than ever. Don't ever give up. you have a special gift
Odd question, but anyone know where I can buy a #tattoo gun? I am conducting a little experiment...I may be on to something awesome.
oh yea!
They were few in number but by the look in their eye I could see that they would leave only in victory or death
sermon time i want to wild out i really do but im holding it in
U could b a black bird Hidin from da world with a broken wing Scared of da rain just 'cause ur scared to sing u believe ur gonna fly with me
Doing push-ups is really boring without & Video skype next time, ladies! ;)
Luv to hear this! RT finished & I think Im going to have to go buy more highlighters! That book inspired me.
any specific recommendations on sources for learning technical SEO in depth? blogs, seminars, training courses?
One month of school left! Thank the lord.
YVW! |:) Yes~pic~taken @ mix&meet autograph signing after #Tulsa Swan Lake #Ballet perf~b4 hanging up pointe shoes!~semi~retired!
Barnett doesn't care about music, so his life has a "gametrack" rather than a soundtrack.
No work for the holiday? Check out The Real King's Speech or any of Revolver Entertainment USA's other great movies!
Went to the mall and got myself my first pair of Vans today. ~le swag~
i doubt it
lol smh ya'll were crazy. I'm at my moms house right now.
it got hot in there so I moved..
go to Nia at Cheeky Vintage. She is independent but works out of their space, and is AMAZING.
Me and and Jack just wrestled 4 guys for Lupe Fiascos shirt!! Amazing night can't wait till tomorrow
not the capitalist teddy bear again! (our security is useless. just lies here. useless.)
hey how are u sir
I think someone has to be listening to you for it to be an actual conversation.
My friends drink tastes like Robitussin. I want to puke.
ALL TEENS! TONIGHT! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT KRAVE ULTRA LOUNGE 8015 BANDERA RD. DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX! EVERYONE FREE TIL 8PM
Another hoosier win!!!!
Three of my favorite things - beet greens, bulgur and eggs! Gotta try!
I totally understand! Sounds like you need some fresh air!
all quiet, but working hard behind scenes. No candidates I've heard yet. Def by end of May..prob 2 weeks or so
Get a manicure at Strange Beauty Show, start at $12 (773) 252 - 9522!
Aw trust me, if they 7.5 or greater, u wont have ANYMORE problems tonight 4sho
Since Sept or October 2011, It has already been "escalated" to mgmt about 3 or 4 times. #NotImpressedWithYourServices At All
Hmm, not a ringing endorsement of my curriculum RT this reminds me of listening to War and Peace in Latin on Audio Book
Vince will be on NewsTalk w/Bruce DuPuyt on TBD/News8 at 10 am to talk about the general election and our town hall meetings!
not again..
12 always the perfect number!
Still trying to remember to come back here and update my updates!
I'm on my way to Gug. It's raining
Fortress_Craft on the xbox 360 arcade version of Fortress Craft :Chapter One it says tweet this account for enquiries .. Is it wrong :)?
well done today!
Google! stop with all the new looks! you are not an angsty teenager!
How goes it?
shoulda texted me!
The horrible pain of putting your retainers in after weeks of not wearing them <<
When life gives you lemons... make grape juice. And let the world sit back and wonder how you did it. ;)
All my friends are at Avengers, whatever that is.
Made offers on two vintage typewriters before 9 a.m. I establish my own personal definition of productivity.
Sent you a DM with instructions Gwen. Again, Congrats! I love to give out good news!
Tosca was absolutely fabulous! What a great night.
Thanks my friend...
I don't think has EVER been wrong.(:
Because I bake?(x
can exist without the other, they've always existed side by side in universities and for good reason 2/2
Formula One Racing
G'Morning bro!
Try to stay focus on the goals which you are trying to reach don't get caught up in other plans that will only get in the way
Go Blazers!
why won't you recognize my existence
Amy is back home in the Rio Grande Valley. South Texas has been Amy's home for most of her life.
If they give me money then yes!
Steven Knows When & Why I'm Not In A Good Mood. He Always Knows Why Not To Fuck Wit Me. Cause I Am On My Period, And I Will Kill Someone<U+263A><U+2601><U+2602><U+2717>
This dumb bitch on Facebook just posted she wants to strangle a duck because it looks fun. Really!? Let's let #Peta know about this. :)
Yes, back from Vail. What a trip it was.. miss it already!
Ok LAers... Holocaust museum or museum of tolerance?
:-( sorry to keep spreading the grump. I am the worst.
me too
How's FlA
I'm good sis. How are you?
Lucio Gonzaga has just stopped into the Blast office at Du Burns Arena.
The Congressional leader have thrown their arms up too. They have given up and we have to suffer for their ineptitude.
The spirit of man is more important than mere physical strength, and the spiritual fiber of a nation than its wealth. Dwight D. Eisenhower
can you please follow me im a big fan ! :D <3 and im planning on seeing never say never again with my sister
When I work at one on one I double as a DJ.
are you not concerned in the backlash Obama would experience if the Dems propose a realistic plan for national gay marriage?
who won
These allergies are killing me... #SlowlyDying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 6
More like Best Old Artist.
lol someone got u im assuming forrest is the culprit
Just saw Sarah Silverman, memorable joke of the night "biggest problem Jews have with the Holocaust?" "What?" "The cost!"
Sunday, Funday? The Avalon Hotel & Spa is hoping so! Arrive on a Sunday and get 50% off of Monday's rate! Sounds like fun to us.
Vinyl > MP3s
All this talk about on Twitter about the Supermoon and not a single Uranus joke. Frankly, I'm disappointed in all of you.
I Stare At The Mirror And Realize That Real Lies Within Me..
FYI, is NOT the Will Ferrell movie twitter feed
Two firkin Fridays tonight: barrel-aged World Wide Stout from Dogfish at Fat Heads and Deviant Dales IPA at OTB. Both tap at 5pm.
Is it ironic that Didge told me he couldn't stand my "hipster music" while he was swilling a PBR?
I'm an overcomer.
finds success in Twitter chats to reach younger audiences.
great job!
gracias! Let's catch up soon
Just so you can't untweet tomorrow RT " I have a girl crush"
#shoutout To ! So yea uhm bitches, just bad ones! Follow this dude, Yeaa(: ohh *sprinkles bombassness on this bitch* <3
glad to see you looking less "ashy" tonight
Love ! Quickly became one of my favorite sites!
shit, i was just laying here in bed. then it fucking vibrated hard a couple times o.o
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. – Napoleon Hill
Thanks for the shot out!
Be thankful that you, as I, I have the luxary of wasting time, thought and energy on your ipad or similar device.
If the goal is no feedback, then say nothing
yea it sucks :-(
those are badass! Sure to bring about a result tonight.
you are sexy
RT:Who here knows about Afro Thunda?...if not keep your eyes open cause she's one bad mama that Irles has conjured up
Pléase follow mé! I hope that some day can you follow me! <33
i wish this draft had an express lane
and PS: Mpls didn't declare a snow emergency. You are the only city in the metro area to inconvenience your residents...
stay on your Deen
Well Instagram is about to be ruined! Facebook just bought Instagram for 1 BILLION DOLLARS!
It was so early that dunkin wasn't even making donuts on my way into work!
Did LeBatard have flackbacks of the "Here's your son" moment you guys had on the show last year? I'd prefer it be private.
Laying out on the deck <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><U+2600><U+2764>
I find it funny when people who don't know shit about boxing ask "who having a fight party"..ole begging ass, Felicia from Friday ass niggas
Loving the first half so far. Bit of a slow start, but they look back on form.
not to sound snarky but that #TUF fight was pretty sub par for the best Org. in the worlds feeder league.I guess That was kinda snarky? huh
i hate watching "never say never" and i hate watching "journey to fearless".
Good morning! Another chance to get it right!
I call bullshit, cuz then you'll never know where to go when the volcano blows.
Trinity plays add-on just before the half ends to take a 42-14 lead into the locker room.
whew! Thx for explanation. Wondered what was up. :) cc
Thanks, you too! :)
please baby <3 follow me....u are my idol,my start and my ispiration
so no second period??
omg me too! I thought they would be losing by like 10 but there up by 5!!
I think I wrote on someone's wall meaning for it to go 2 someone else. I'm so tired I can't remember if I actually did it.hurts to think lol
So , I never heard back from Kevin H re: issue #4996785. Situation now dire. Google gave me new info. Need help plz call!
#Packers Be graceful, Green Bay fans. It's only 1 loss. Let us show some class and don't be an ass.
Hello NEIGHBOR!
There is a Brachetto d'Aqcui (bubbles) from Italy that we're serving tomorrow night that is so delicious!
Dear Mark from Liberty.. Sorry I don't want to attend college there
My dawg #MettaWorldPeace giving a shout out to #NY nd my pops hood
hahaha... he has that 19 year-old coked out look down! Gotta love a lil Jay-Z music in the trailer too.
Everyone is about to kill someone here. Lmbo
I don't have friends anymore. Just Twitter and Tumblr followers. And you guys really make me feel better. More than a 'real' friend could.
#ff quality people are people of quality!
What is this fascination with women wearing red lipstick? I'm noticing it a lot these days. Diane Keaton didn't wear it and she was hot.
Anyone know what's up with this morning?
yay!! it feels good to be a fave :). thanks for tweeting about us.
Today's the day -- presenting our #eyetracking study findings to the dept!
"FIRE EVERYTHING"
Coffee and holiday music - a great combo! Have a great Wednesday :)
why thank you:)) RT : following
on the drums though!
These classes are all going by the fucking slow, I wanna go home!
thank you, I miss you
Sexy Momma
wanna be my friend? :)
Pickup Line: Hi, my name's ______. You better remember it cause you'll be screaming it later!!
i bet u is, i'll get dat gangsta out u, ask yo friend girl
This weekend the best Boat Parade in the world....
Tired....gonna go to bed..goodnight.....ly
i don't want to make videos for a while
My Gma just told me that I've got the look lol
Leaving for Breathe Carolina concert in Kentucky in T-15 hours!!!!
We had an absolute blast! We're so grateful to for organizing it - and to you for starting it all!
Sleepy and Bored! Horrible combination .....
yeah, I ran into the same thing
you should've been like "bitch back up"!!!
thanks for the RT!
thank you I need one that's race related
Could you please tell me how I dress as awesome as you? Please! I have some parties coming up and I like to dress nice.
#roaddron!!!! I can't wait until Philly in June.
I love 7on7 ha. It's at Lindsey so we may see y'all!
honey that's what I been waiting on but clearly you arent capable of doing that...
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Vouvray -Various white wines made in Vouvray/Loire Valley, usually from Chenin Blanc grapes.
We may throw the dice, but the LORD determines how they fall. - Proverbs 16:33
Well how do YOU do Mr. Creeper?
Make your home comfortable and green by conveniently adjusting your Lighting and Temperature from anywhere in your home, and in the world.
Where can I get more info on the conf? Thank you.
remember me remember always i will love u even from beyond the grave!
Man... Come to think about it, maybe you DO look like Carly Simon! Then again, maybe not. {hehe}
#Aztecs = Champions. No contest.
How does a guy email you? Interested in hearing more about your company.Thanks! Matt
just landed in philly!! See you soon :-)
00056c Thu 16feb12 . Clock out 2220p . collated thoughts on how to bring sweatshop to the surface; writings / drawings from 1700-2220p
straight forward. just like that
Did she ever pay #straightcashhomie?
Woo! Plants and Animals, my first show at Cosmic Charlies on April 15th.. errrbodyyyy come!!! drinks on me
Hate when that happens ;)": Damn I just dropped the popcorn. Lol"
Sweet! I'm sure you'll see me out there :-)
Twist my arm....I'll look into it next week. Thanks and nice meeting you.
I can't help but think WBC is some elaborate prank that's just going way over our heads.
ICE COLD
Back at you, man...hope all is well. Did you see some of the pics i posted from my trip?
lol game rage?
IBM courts bball
I highly recommend 's #30dayoga course. She helped me strengthen my home practice & she's an awesome lady.
navy pier! That's dope as ever!!
Loving Dallas and the pool weather
In other the PA girl is GOD AWFUL!
I spent 1 hour Bicycling. 766 calories burned.
Stop lying.
Happy Cinco de Mayo BEA Bloggers!
still want my cookies!
I AM ARKANSAS RT : Making plans with to head to I AM MONTANA If we're pick states, I AM HAWAII!
Health is always first priority
Shut up daniele, always confused
me me me! Lol
Correction...nobody in Chicago!!!
Are you in Miami??? If you are, come on over and I'll make one for you
- I'm feeling the RT love, TY!
RT if you love pasta! "Everything you see I owe to pasta." - Sophia Loren
We love you too!
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 70F FAIR
Still 3 days left to take advantage of our amazing December specials!
hi i would love for you to change my follow limit to 10,000
Happy valentine's day to my one and only... love you!
I'll donate to either the prize packs or the Kmart tree...which do you think would be better? I'll try to email you soon.
I say Kings, Devils, Capitals, Flyers in that order.
~~ Read Tip 5/7 ~~ Techniques to maximize the effect of statistics part 5: Use gestures to demonstrate the magnitude.
Early morning training for the week. Got to love the end of session!
Plantiffs' counsel: Writers Guild works w/ porn industry to pay out foreign monies Writers Guild alleges it doesn't collect on porn Both lie
Can't wait to see Glee's Whitney Houston Tribute tomorrow night! =D
Imagine if all professors and students engaged in unified conversation about social issues fueled by 1 book. csus.edu/onebook/
We've got an awesome trailer put together that we are holding back until we get closer to the final cut.
I'm trying to see who lasted longer. Tyler and Dawn or Ignacio and Dawn. HA! Ignacio and Dawn didn't last a day.
Attention Earthlings: Happy Earth Day.
BLOW ME BITCH
& get it why you here boy cause I got that money that'll make you disappear boy
Prob because Twitter is unreliable enough without being polled by millions of devices every 5 minutes.
Worst mood ever, sleeping all day in class foshooo
Mr. - I feel as though you are avoiding my meet up request/proposal for a beer(s)!
Good morning it is National Coffee Day! Stop by either of our locations and enjoy a small coffee and doughnut of choice... Free!
Happy Birthday to one of the greatest people on Earth!
"Siri, where can I bury the dead body"
Praying the prayers of the bible is kinda like "prayer to the second power"
Bish please!! great game!
Spring break is going way to fast!!
going good also :)
What is the one Finish Line product you could not live without?
I feel like everyone and their mother has boot!
Spending the day cleaning with some nice dancing music on!
Creative energy in limbo. Don’t know if it’s the beautiful day, a case of writer’s block, apathy or just plain laziness. I’m thinking lazy.
Its crazy to see and read certain media outlets that believe the complete opposite from another. Things are so twisted in both.
well I just got to the crib. I'm gunna have to call it a night. I gotta be up early.
Good to see you, too!!! Happy Opening Day! (Well, hope it ends up being happy!!!)
it's turned into a mid-late '90s party up in here! It's a blast!
Would it be frowned upon if I go to bed at 6:30?
Yeah but I heard he shot an 82 earlier.
Green-Ellis: 7 carries for 47 yards..
Happy 25th Birthday to my amazing love you!!
You ain't born typical.
I hate having bad eyesight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
my pleasure
why dose Joy always put her foot in her mouth? Yesterday Barbra had to put her hand up & say don't go there. Today go kill urself
Probably Sunday, June 17. They are trying to raise $$$ for the production.
last dance class tonight, and i can't go..
Omg melo is just putting the team on his back right now
My work computer is totally souped-up, in that I've spilled a ton of soup on it.
needs to start shooting more of these beautiful skies...
TEENS! TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN S.A! GONNA BE CRAZY!!
we've come a long way or same old, same old...?
If You Are Interested for Next Sat's Event -Direct Message or Martin Lawrence Gallery Auction Special Event
Twistii funded Wedding, Beachwear,Swimsuit shoot in Hawaii in August on the black sand beaches & lava flows. Looking for designer partners
yes - i saw this - hendree jones (my mentor) is quoted in this article. important topic!
"Your statement is ready" is my least favorite email subject line! :(
Doing fake drum solos with Solomon. Yall youtube this guy if you haven't already "Sol Philcox"
I feel like women will be much more influenced by it than men. Which may wind up being the point, I suppose.
Approaching my 1 year anniversary with White Lightening- my VW TDi. She's just shy of 20k miles with at least 500k to go!
nonsense, her blazers are amazing. I want her wardrobe.
Sunroof open, windows down...in February. Hunh?
That's real talk, my man. Life is bigger than we sometimes get wrapped up in every day...
fill your cup up and im sip mine
Yes you are!! Miss you Petey!! “ Thanks Y'all! We making a diff around here!”
Brewers all the way.
I hate humanity.
We are working on updating our twitter handle with DePaul Arts & Life stories just in time for summer. Stay tuned!
I haven't DM'd on this account...
We are the New generation! Let's stand together and let our voices be heard among the nations! Glory to God Forever!
know you mentioned Vandy's talents but who would you like in a Syracuse/Wisconsin match up?
- great, but we have lots more judging to do! Can anyone from Canale come on Saturday?
Yeah I don't know when we became kotaku.
Won our last home game of the season!! Great work at the plate and on deffense! Had a blast celebrating at titos with my girls! We
Man droid messed up who got one I can use
Will be there tonight! Do you have nigori? RT Start the weekend off with some Sake...
(cont) I saw this Harry Potter bracelet online I'm sure you would like plus I would send u a candle since u want one lol
thanks for the RT. This conference is about partnerships, which fosters w/ teachers & learning communities
Roll your shoulders back and lift up your heart. Drop your chin and breathe deeply.
I hear Norah Jones has a new CD. Anyone listen to this yet?
Hey Guys FOLLOW She wants to get too 2,000 FOLLOWERS (:
Just had new pictures taken w/Carrie Cavalier. Bought new shirts for my girl next door and some cardigans for my "mom" look! Very excited!
I guess people have very different views on what's private and what's public
*blushes* thx! RT : Yay! Thanks! You've been a great help for the entire conference experience - before, during, & after
Studies suggest that the psychological pain of a break up hurts just as much as physical injury
Good Morning cold day brrr
yayyy thank you!
hahahahha I'm bored that's why hahaha lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Don't mess with me >,<
Legally blonde FAIL .. Lee mead !!.
Working on the weekend; not for the weekend.
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help
Q1 Negative-not everyone can afford a subscription.
Accidentally drunk. Dancing with a pup to Heart in the kitchen.
you made my day todayatlunch haha
you're the hottest news guy! :)
thanks for the follow
towards the end of the second -___-
The funnies, Vegas-Style
Someone keeps putting their non-recyclable trash in my recycle bin. This is not ok. Stop it, asshole.
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
that's cause D Wade is the shiz! Thought you knew?
Walked the Red Carpet at the "New Year's Eve" Premiere alongside Josh Dumel, Hilary Swank, Katherine Heigel, etc. Mirror REFLECTION!
Severe Thunderstorm Warning until 4:45pm for Champaign, Logan and Union Counties.
The Second City performs tonight at 7:00PM. Don’t miss this side-splitting performance. Tickets still available online or at the door....
the only news i ever read
Well now you know... Imy too! Especially in school! Rogers is killing me! Freaking making us write madd essays! X(
BBQ, Umw apartment 424. 12:00-2:00 pm. Would love to have you of you're free!
welcome to my world!
Suppose its time to get ready
Holy Mad Cow!
u should have stayed for Natalie Merchant &
2 yrs ago I lost a good friend RIP Angelo Whittington u gone but never forgotten
More Americans see dentists rather than doctors
We hope this first day of spring is a sign of more sunny days to come
BEWARE THE IDES OF MARCH!
you seem to be shedding years. careful, or someone will think you're twelve.
Check it out! is a trendsetter! She began trending #diverocks Follow her lead & tell us why you think #DiveRocks *
Located in #Broohaven Atlanta we are your newest #ecofriendly baby boutique! Stop in to see us .
Dunno if I'm the right guy to test that card in an environment. Can't ever seem to play it right ;)
“: Got tickets to see and today, best birthday presents ever!” JEALOUS. He dosnt come to my small ass town :'(
Boy thinks he can just come on here and rip tribal tats and Alter Bridge? dont take no shit from nobody!
Don't mind me over here... Just quoting business and booking it.
yeah mine to
Freedom Watch will be greatly missed.
developing a new look for the AP website!
#YouKnowUWinning When you can tell your #Wife #HowHott her #NewGirlfriend looks
how do we cultivate new leaders for the future?
looking for mr
"there's sensitive, and then there's gimme a break!" , marketing expert, on the BK/chicken ad "controversy" over
thats how you know you're doing it right
and it's hilarious.
If casey catania sniffs at me one more time I'm throwing a book at her
the limited
you must tell me how you got this job.
Oh look I have more followers to mention
I think me you and know how to throw correctly
OMG HAHAHAHA. Next week!!! You pumped???
LOL I thought of you selling cream on QVC or HSN, then thought those prob not around anymore. But see it on Telemundo at night
Not even going to school. There's no point. Theyll probably get sent home later anyways
not bad but we could do better. This is an untapped comedic market.
I got a chuckle out of the leek in his mouth.
A Guiness book world record float. Surfing dogs! One just wiped out!
Ah...the challanges, the suprises of "the great walk-about". Come to think of it... I never thought it would be easy.
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?
Olivias Birthday Party . She invited Eric just for me . Yay ! <U+2665>
Hey everyone isn't kick ass like the most bomb movie ever like i found it funny that hit girl chloe did the most work and action of it MFME
(swooping in) did I hear a need for PR???
Thanks for the nice plug! Hope to see you around the Caribe.
Cases of autism up 78% since 2002 - is this because of a more liberal, wider-net diagnosis or actually more 'true' cases of autism?
Sorry we've been behind on our tweets! We've been busy at our annual conference in VA Beach! Thank you to everyone- it was a huge success!
Welp. That wasn't fun. Good win for Rangers. Thought we had them through the second. Oh wells, there's always Wednesday.
WANT A HOT PENNY STOCK TIP that'll change your life? "LUSI.OB"! They have HUGE things in the pipeline!
Nobody can do everything, but everyone can do something.
rice and corn
Thanks PubNub. We'll have more to show you soon!
Searches often don't have smaller airlines either. I just went to Colombia & never saw Satena, ADA, or EasyFly in searching.
RT : RT : RT : Genius Marketing: #Ikea Photographer Turns Kitchenware Into Art...
Remember Henry Louis Gates and "Our America" will be discussed 8pm tonight with Ilan Stavans
Wanye used to be a really Hood Rapper, now this this nigga wear girls work out pants and skateboards.. and how old is he like 30 smh hha
"You know what they say about holding a snake by the tail. You let it go before it eats your face off!"
Second screening of SNOW SHARK: ANCIENT SNOW BEAST in Buffalo is at the Screening Room tonight at 7:30, 3131 Sheridan Drive, Northtown Plaza
i WAS JUST ViSiTiNG FAMiLY. MY DAUGHTER AND i ARE G0iNG BACK T0 NEW Y0RK iN A C0UPLE 0F H0URS
hey there we need to prepare for Saturday love
yo rudy how u get so mny followers?
I want to come!! Happy Valentines Day Enjoy!!
Tell me what you like and I'll tell you what you are. -John Ruskin
F@#% being Broke!
guess Havoc must think he is a 17year old rapper.HipHop legends should have enough pride/common sense to avoid twitterbeef.smh
happy birthday :) have a good one
just cleaned up your dog's vomit. We're even.
My knowledge is dated, but find Lincoln Ave, and pop into something that looks interesting.
Getting ready to go check out Glue Fam
:D How many now???
who else is new???
Good, crazy day. Got to share with MANY people, and even met a few people that knew my grandpa back in the day!
Cue adoring look from Microsoft exec.
maybe if some of my old friends reached out to me I wouldn't be so friggin lonely.
SAT Time: Bomb-->plane, Bone-->Padres pres RT : I get a pant full of bone just looking at those jerseys.
Phil are you an hour ahead of me?
amen. #goblue : not even sparta could stop the shoelaces today!
I was referring to his tweet about Nash going to Toronto, though. That's all I saw today.
well thank you... I will let you go back to trying to find your sack again.good luck ...let me know when she gives it back to you
crazy stuff isn't it?
Live like it's your last day on earth. Work like it's your first day at work.
#Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends! I am thankful for YOU. ~Conna
room unplugged
time to turn my brain off.....somehow
Hey guys! If u send me a skype request I WILL accept it the next time I get on I accept all requests so if u send it it will get accepted (:
this kid beating up the badger BB program is an idiot. Read your scholarship next time young man !
Pick up a complementary burger or dog tonight @ Uof Indy for tonights game.Tailgating start around 5:30 pm. Be the 12th man, GO CRUSADERS!!
Thanks so much for mentioning my book. Have a terrific day! Daniel
Joe Watkins on MSNBC: "Reid needs to work with McConnell"...bastard! McConnell won't work with anyone! Not "both sides", Repubs want blood.
Exactly. That's all I could come up with.
hey guys we should play a show together. Were coming to Washington in august.
Have I not followed anyone back yet... Let me know
What if Jesus needs some air in his tires?! Are you really going to turn him away tomorrow....
follow first :)
There will always be those awkward moments when you walk by a person and remember everything you had.
What is going on with the Yanks pitching this series? We r better than this!
i think the musical stylings of ludwig van might compliment the rain rather nicely today.
just baileys for me, hm
I don't like matty ice much either but tebow has as much talent as matty's left nut. He may have potential.. To go to church.
Just saw a police officer ripping down KONY 2012 posters on Beverly Road...
you know how to get in touch with me?
You see the glass have empty but SALVATION sees God with the pitcher.....*PREACH*
Support local music!
Maybe we can even start to see "micro brew" whiskeys, that sounds so much better than micro brew beer.
#replacefilmstitleswithvagina No Country For Old Vagina
something tastes so good bout that processed crap! As long as you aint got nothing 2do for the week.
Paul pierce with the BIG BLOCKK!
Dear Mr Sims, Sincerely
you need to downplay the makeup, black hair and tight shirts. Lighten your hair and get rid of the extensions.
Anything goes in the world of make-believe.
I was watching Happy Endings. They played 'today was a good day' by ice cube in the last scene. That verse made me chuckle.
You dispute this? It is well documented that Reagan funded drug cartels to prevent Sandinistas from winning.
A big congrats to for finding the Mistral goft card! Enjoy!!
INSERT INTO `fam_quotes` VALUES
Mangia will be open New Years Eve and New Years Day 12 - 9!!!
it should be illegal to not sing on the metro. synchronized dancing also.
If I RT your request, somehow you'll lose about 15. Not sure how that works.
I need something new for my show
Alan Watts~ Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel for love is not ours to command.
What was this I heard about a party at the Root Cellar with #AFROTHUNDA playing.
"Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen". - Michael Jordan <3
“ MY Sex Life Right Now = Nonexistent Lol” smh
i wanna go out west and start over
going nowhere fast we've reached the climax
No school today :) Going to get my braces off at 8!!
The Woman Who Walked Into Doors. Not new but so worth it.
Don’t miss #Dr. Oz show tomorrow. We’re delighted for LIPO IN A BOX to be part of a segment on solutions for different body types.
Which Pym novel would you recommend as a first read to a BP newbie with a kindle and some vacation time next week? Thank you!
The pics of the "montauk monster" - aka a raccoon - make me gag.
"Minute #Packers made it to playoffs they went into kill mode" Makes me feel less bad about Eagles loss
Hope everyone has a Happy and Blessed Easter with family and friends!
Looks ok to me in OS X 10.6 using FF and Chrome. Text and images appear fine. Lemme know if you want a screen shot.
about to head down to the Oklahoma History Center (#FF ) on this lovely, rainy morning!
At DT2 ONLY, blue tags are 50% off and yellow tags are 25% off!
Proud new Ford Truck owner
I will never text in the shower ever again. <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>
What was your favorite X-Files episode?
Lyfe has so many twist and turns dats y I stretch daily...
after having a dysfunctional enter, space, and middle mouse button for a few days, i must say that i appreciate the middle mouse button most
Dude - Today is AWESOME: just said: "Aren't you sweet as pumpkin pie!!!". I LOVE pumpkin pie!
I love Teles! I approve. Watched a bio of Roy Buchanan the other day - AMAZING.
i don't like the new twitter
rancho bernardo hs, his parents still live in this area
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 50 Cent Wings (not only in Da club) and BBQ Rib Dinners
I find it fun to read after I'm all caught up on FB.
#ThingsMyExSaid is trending... Oh god..
B? Haa u already told me I think...or sum1 diff ?
Hi Will, how's it going!? Long time, no tweet...
ancient aliens. 10 days. you READY?
Congrats again!
": Cant GIVE UP on something I already put some much time in!!!"
i breathe smiles , blow laughter . bitches .
LoL, I feel ya, say here
rip it. bcd me!
im sorry u went thru that.We all deserve b heard.If u'd like 2 write abt ur experience I'd be honored 2 post it on my blog.
I thought I was having a normal conver--ok that's a total lie.
Excited to be and with -- so cool!
as kosher as a rock hyrax.
as you know, I'm not a fan of the pressing, unless... ;-)
September is already half through. Host a party or basket and receive a FREE Medium Warmer and three Bars! www.wicklesshop.scentsy.us
You and Eric are such slackers and you photo/tweets don't matter - it is beautiful here too... not, cold and sleet/snow.
Woops... I spilled the beans. Haha
Is blowing a 7 pt lead w/ 2 mins left worse than losing by 30? I would say so.
Disappointed in the new uniforms. No change, other than NIKE swoosh instead of reebok logo
Looks like it ends today!
Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs crowded with celebrities
did you try taping up a picture on the window so he "sees" it? Maybe something red will cut through the glare...
Conversation 16: Great song? Or the greatest song?
: How was your visit? See anything you liked?
lol okay goodnight
I'd agree City probably can grab 8 pts. But strange things/free falls can happen. Look at Spuds.
hello! their is not a lot of food blogging here in hawaii but it is becoming more of a food meca! are you from here?
I'd love to have you play Doug Briney's "More than Just a Farm." Message me, and I'll send you the mp3. Thanks!
Loge you too!!! You can't imagine how much!! haha!! You're so sweet <33 You should go sleep ;) it's late I'm sure
Good time with good friends in Indy tonight. Happy birthday to !
big girls don't cryy <U+2665> ahh I love you <U+263A>
Thanks! We look forward to sharing it with you!
THATS the truth! “: As a #Leo you don't really understand people who get all-emotional and sensitive about things.”
I wouldn't mind the rain if wasn't accompanied by a migraine.. At least I get to try to sleep it off guilt free.. Sigh
If I laugh when you use air quotes, it's cause I decided long ago that's the sign for "like a bunny." And now you just seem like a lunatic.
Nice turnout for #Detroit #Startup Drinks at the Old Miami. We rotate days so it will be a Sat morning or Fri evening in May.
theres a word for that bro .its
I think a resident of New York is entitled to talk big concerning his city just as much as the Mayor does from time to time. [1942]
By the way, shouldn't you be sleep ? It's almost 5 AM here which means it's almost 2 in Cali! Talk about nocturnal!
Going over fan mail, this is all so inspiring thank you all so much!
Going to bed early sucks. But if I don't, i'll regret it tomorrow... Well i'm tired
Reduce skip stolens with RTOREWARDS customer loyalty marketing solutions.
Klaus is now tyler.. Guess it kinda makes sense but im gonna miss my love
Had fun explaining the ACA to an under-insured, hard working family man today. He left thinking an insurance exchange is a good idea.
Anyone without a sense of humor is at the mercy of everyone else. ~ William Rotsler
don't worry...I used the animal excuse. She could abandon us children when we were little, but not her menagerie of fur kids now.
Yes! Make the Guy Picciotto recipe. It will not disappoint. There should be some sort of punk rock dinner party w/ this book
When photographers tell me they are using their cameras to uncover the truth I always feel they reveal more about themselves than veracity
In lecture. The woman next to me is falling asleep. It's crunchtime.
I think you just answered your own question!
hahahhaha spider was a freakin snitch
I go through the day a lot less nervous now that I have that phone interview secured. I am almost nice.
blah blah blah, library branding in virtual realities, blah blah blah #libraryschool is weird sometimes.
i honestly can't help that i like you this much...
Just cut the crap outta my finger with giant fabric shears. Workplace safety is questionable in regards to myself.
if I was a rock star or a movie star or someone that wants to look effing amazing...you're the one to make it happend.
I've accumulated quite an assortment of excuses. If you need to borrow any, just let me know. Lol.
EXCUSE ME DOUGIE... I'M JUST THE MESSENGER... ;-0
Watch me fuck around n get fired Smh...
On Mon., the Wisconsin Supreme Court decided not to review two separate appeals filed by the WIDOJ to overturn Voter ID injunctions.
damn i wana watch da floyd mayweather fight. y it gota be on payperview? we dnt pay to watch nba championships
Perfect outcome :)
This morning's ride was just perfect. Nice breeze, nice temp, even nice drivers. Should have biked right past work...
First day at home for Spring Break. This is awesome. #np #GD Dick's Picks 22 (Tahoe '68)
Many folks identify people "hater" when they dont' care about us at all..and call others "friend" who doesn't really want our success...
#endoftheday but the beginning of a new one! Ain't life grand that way?
At dinner w my stupid family. >:[
Alright Genetics final, it's you & me. Only one of us can survive, and I'm hoping it's going to be me!
Hey , when we get outta this mess and go to the bottom of the 8th, please tell those to get some runs. They listen to u.
Fixed and followed!
it's really a pity that monday rhymes with fun day.
Waking up to a mouse at your feet is the most terrifying thing ever.
Lynchburg, thanks for a phenomenal night. We look forward to coming back ;)
Lazy Sunday catching up with the LA Times, loving that the best parade of the year just went by my house... Happy Gay Pride!
Woot woot! RT : 1 good thing about music is.... when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Researchers here to look at our 1724 bedrug. I want to listen to them all day, but have cataloguing to do. I need a clone.
think i know who u hate.Everyone hates them -_-
Free Nook w/ 1yr subscription to NYT. I'm tempted to accept.
Approaching the PA border near Chester...should be at Mother Prep in 25mins. THX for a wonderful trip!
Lots of pictures from Kennesaw today on the twitter feed
Pretty darn happy
OH SHIT! I put that in as a placeholder for a teachery name and forgot to change it! i feel awful about that. total oversight.
SHE AIN'T EVEN A SUBSTITUTE TEACHER! SHE A SUBSTITUTE HELPER! The substitute teacher ain fucking with me ahahahahah
Trey's presentation got the whole Class dying. Ahh what a funny boy.
Why do awesome songs have to have stupid lyrics like "You could be my it girl baby you da s girl" and "you look better with the lights off"
new beats at coming...
Well done to you guys. Keep the fire in the belly!
Caltrain #siliconvalley dude oozing mucus from nostril to chin reading email. Can one become a pounding capitalist with such oblivion?
awesome. Hope your dad is doing well.
Welcome to r growing consensus hub Thnx for following
we love to follow everyone! Make sure u check out our videos at www.silverproductionsmv.com
#win $100 #Amazon card from and Friends
I'm counting on you World Peace!
The Institute for People with Criminal Records is organizing Great Books discussion groups for probationers in Chicago, Denver and Boulder.
RT : Follow & for a chance to win IT&LY's Racing Red Ionic Blow Dryer & Flat Iron as seen in the movie Burlesque!
oh Luke. &hanging out
Looking forward to fun with friends tonight for event !
College hill is too much. Lol. I used to love this show
Took my daughter to the beach today - first time this summer! Finally the weather is cooperating! :-)
Our rooms are waiting! RT : I need to go to
Playful, inspirational spaces are important
That's the power of Persuasion baby!
I know! I know lots of other routes and cut throughs, just not that one.
you gonna watch Avengers?
Good mornings from strangers feel so honest
The call code for today is 5080255, right?
Yeah, so about this research paper...
Great article. You know how it's done! I'm working on booking gigs right now. I'm shooting for Dec.
Lob city
email me Bro
Follow She Deserves More Than 75.5 K Followers!
exactly - how can the GOP not claim they are carrying water for Wall Street?
Home and back to the Moon Man for more. ;)
maybe this weekend or early next week?
RIP Steve Jobs. Your creative mind will be missed.
Deep Space 9 isn't too bad. A bit different from the other Star Trek series, but not bad at all!
These tanks will cost $10 each. We will accept payment before or after the order. You just won't get the tank top until you pay.
Okay so on the bus and at a red light the guy 2 seats behind me threw a gum at the car next to us and it sticked on the car...poor guy
Ukelele too! RT : I didn't realize the 'Guy playing acoustic guitar at a campfire' cliche was rooted in ABSOLUTE TRUTH.
I have school I'm right now on school ..!!I'm so tired ..!!
“There's no place on earth with more dumb girls per square foot than a college in California.” -- Roberto Bolaño --
I hope everyone is having a great week!
You would be good at that. What's the salary?
Derwin & Melanie aint comin back on the show ! ( im not watching it any more ) that just made me mad .
a girl is beautiful; not hot. she is not a temperature.
Looking forward to my Personal Empowerment presentation at Admin Professionals Conference tomorrow in Lebanon, VA!
I love how Sara always shows at least her belly button.
thanks, anna! <3
Our spring issue is out! Pick one up at , , , , , and more!
yo momma so fat the back of her neck is like a pack of hot dogs
The government really doesnt care about sending this country down the shitter do they?
Bulls are effed. RT : BREAKING: Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs.
Christmas grocery shopping with the determined suburban moms of NJ makes wall street look like child's play
whats good cooks
i'll get back to you, m'lady! i'm not sure when me and my roadtrip leaving are leaving for
I know right? I need to think of a cute way to say yes.. I'm thinking sky writing? Maybe forking his yard with a big 'yes!'
It's funny how the directors that won first and second place wanted me in their scenes :)
Exactly! Or waiting for time to expire... also a decision.
Just got home props to Cochino the room was fantastic the bitches work off the chain
Dear XM 90s on 9: You really didn't have to include the Macarena on the playlist. Really. It. Would. Have. Been. Fine.
Milburry assault charges dropped.we are pending the hearing of milbury vs the new york islanders fans .i doubt he will be as lucky
“: Can you blame me for having trust issues; I mean we in a world full of fake individuals #ijs” < #real talk!
Looks like we are all showing up for work today.......
All I see down my TL is the word "titties" & links to Teyana Taylor's titties + Rihanna's titties.....Lol yall r crazy... Titties!
Of other people's money. Or perhaps more cogent governments. I'm overthinking this...
Here comes trouble, lls.
Ah... Right. Belt goes on pants to keep them UP. Knew I forgot something important on my way out. At least I had pants on. God morning!
i dont wanna talk so stop texting me.
Klara Dickinson of Hyperion "FDA driven by safety more than efficacy. May not serve orphan indications well"
Checking out tonight.
Remember I use to be stress over a nigga, now I don't give a fuck about a nigga.
One day into the relationship and I have already made him mad... I asked him how old he was and I told him how old his cousin said he was...
We're getting ready to go live at www.trailblazers.com with talks of play-offs, animal videos, and really tiny british hats. Join us!
Hey David, thanks for the follow! May you have a charmed day.
Thankfully no. He did try and put the pirate hat on our cat though.
Like a lemon to a lime a lime to a lemon I sip the def ale with all the fly women.....RIP .. Beastie Boys MCA!
I think I did... though it was not fun to not have my ID with me this morning.
RT : MEAN JEANS, COLLEEN GREEN, COATHANGERS
Ha! Me too. Or I think if they primarily work from home that they need to be above average computer literate.
Don't forget LiLLiES is still accepting reservations for #Thanksgiving dinner! ...a four course turkey dinner for $21.95!
#detroitbiz Curiousity is the DNA of Creativity #joshlinkner on Collaboration panel
I'm getting annoyed now.
We're on the same level. Xoxo love you babe. RT : Chammmmmmmpagggggnnnnneeeeeeeee
Aren't you too young to be tweeting to porn stars? lol
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!! even though it's only 3:46am here-.- anyways, I can't wait for the surprise tomorrow.
Now that is a cognitive therapy I can support!
To Chicago to spend the day with The man himself.
Yes, I'm bandwagoning the this playoffs now that the Blackhawks are out. The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
whaaa?? None at all??
do I know you??
Awwe! Thank you for thinking 2 write me! So kind! “: have fun tonight.wish I could be there, but mommy duty calls! #mommytime”
Jim Leonard, Mark Tauscher
Burk: Civil Society and Media Development program at USAID is a means to spreading community messages, engaging in governance
paula deen has diaBEAT-hus... who would have known....
So where did that random rain come from?
Congrats! Sounds like a really fun project!
Steampunk as a way of bringing media outside of representational boundaries.
#MCLaunch No one says, "I'm so glad you played it safe!" Entrepreneurs don't regret running startups, successful or not.
don't get nervous, u did great
Happy Mothers day.
its pretty hilarious
Nags Head, Houston, New Orleans, and Las Vegas have had more snow this winter than Charlottesville??!!??
Synthesia is pretty cool. So are the chocolate bars I ate.
RT : Thanks to everyone who showed up for the #meetup tonight! We'll announce our next one very soon! Thanks Everyone!
It's Parade Week! Stop by the Shops of Grand Avenue today from 11:30am-1pm to see dancers from the Rince Nia Academy of Irish Dance!
Awesome yogurt commercial!
can you clip quotes & send to your computer (thinking in terms of reading stuff for work on this)?
Thought for the day - Be confident in your own abilities. Never think the other person is better than you.
i was told as a columnist that i couldn't disagree with the ed board's position. or whatever i anticipated it might be.(huh?)
lol I'd save you some but they get stale fairly quick :\
High School Sports: Spina Bifida no Match for Niles North Pitcher James Fuller - ChicagoNow (blog)
my dad goes...why don't you sell all your Josh Hamilton cards while he's hot...I go...I'd sell my Xbox before I sold those.
Defense lawyers for John Edwards will ask a judge today to dismiss corruption charges against their client
Where to go for lunch? So many great options but I can never seem to think of them when I am hungry or ready to eat. Dang it!
The beautiful final shuttle launch, #STS135, brings to mind a line in a poem: So dawn goes down to day. Nothing gold can stay.
Lovin' 's dance moves today. ROCK IT, GURL!!!!!
's graduation is coming up, congrats
oh... That is great! I will deff be there!
lol we cool, just had to mess with u, haven't done it in a while....
to funny!
ah, late to this but i have something to add: HIGH-HEELED SHOES
Hopefully all my followers have been progressive since the last time we spoke
I'm still waiting for the postal service to offer "Forever and a Day" stamps.
Reading this book Jesus Christ Disciplemaker for my discipleship class has changed my view on being a discipleship as well as making them
maybe both? There is some history AND she is a major B?
yeah, could be worse I guess.
it's still better than Romney.
girl, my throat is sore but wait intil the moring! its gunna be a bitch! lol and i have step practice! lol
We're good! Saying Sunflower will run out of fuel when it hits an area that burned 2 yrs ago
AFH! is responsible for many many things RT : I have been 1 follower from 600 for a week.. Aaron Heilman is somehow behind this
Can you be my date to my 8th grade graduation dance?
ayo i need my follows up so get with it if i am following u follow back..
Lord we lift your name High in all the earth!!!
I Heart Hancock's Half Hour.
The flour video with to little boys is a FAKE. It's sad that people will go to that for attention.
Twitter beef is funny.. lol
PS, I'm calling it now that gets the award for film.
Jay, you are going to love my comment about Andrew Luck.
haha. Now THAT'S a Bellevue I wouldn't mind visiting. RT Bellevue, WA.. No please come
Not for me! I think Thursday is the plan.
Are you on vacation? I'm desperate for another update...
ugh time to wind down
Yeah, that sol sucked..
hey bro.. follow back?
Usually I hit it from the back but tonight she said she wanna ride it!
Thanks for coming in tonight Mr Mayor!
Remember the show "The Secret World of Alex Mack" ?? That was awesome.
Just when I thought it couldn't get any worse now this happens. Lord PLEASE HELP ME! U PROMISED U WOULDN'T PUT NO MORE ON ME THAN I CAN BEAR
Maybe I will just skip sleep tonight.
I saw that movie and just rolled my eyes throughout the whole movie.
tell me when u post another what are u gonna post about..? dont forget to promote me
please follow me it would make my night !! i would start freaking out please
continually find that nyc subway stations are mislabeled (express trains don't stop where you say they do) any fix in the works?
it's the same here
Wake up at 3, eat and get ready, work, go out, go to sleep . I live such an exciting life . <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Thanks for the RT. Hope you enjoy the gorgeous long weekend!
I would pray I could BreakAway. I'll spread my wings and I'll learn how to fly.
Last Q: What's Ariana's complete name?<U+2661>
thank you everyone for following us, we are now following everyone.. about to go to bed more work in the AM
#IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake I mean it's only right that my future wife goes to prom with me.
Why would I "Like You On Facebook" when I can't stand you in real life?
I'm definitely looking forward to next year. xD
Nope considering hes a drunk & left when I was 11. My husband is exact opp of my father. Determined 2 break the cycle :-)
Playing Florence Nightingale this week to help mend spouse & mother
YES. YES! YES! YES! JOHN CENA.
He be ackin to grown! ~umm humm u won't be around me huh~
thank you for a great semester, despite the stress that came with it
Let me get this straight, Xbox. I have to pay for your subscription, to view content from a service I already pay for?
Being healthy is more than a good look but good health..
okay, sociology essay. you need to stop ruining my weekend.
They're beginning to realize, what we've known all along.Users don't pay attention to ads on Facebook. Just annoyed by them!
#ireallywant my vacation to be here so I travel to San Diego to watch the rangers play the fathers
“: Third and two. Time for a incomplete deep pass by the Ravens.” you were half right.
I always get a mini heart attack when my computer freezes on a photo of a mans butthole.
Having PIZZA AND WATCHING A MOVIE IN DAKAR! It doesn't get much better than that =)
Got to love Mom !!!!
Saw your post re: Free Early Literacy Screenings. Wish I could make it but won't be in town. What a great program!
Me and 19,999 other crazy fans! Bring the heat.
RT All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -Picasso
"Always treat others as you would like them to treat you; that sums up the teaching of the Torah and the Prophets. - Yeshua
diggin' on your track "Time Machine" what influenced the sounds you went with for it during recording/production?
A lot of biceps in The Avengers ....
I appreciate all the support for Jeremy Renner's arms. It's a movement, though one I am late to.
patrick "likes" novena
Haha that's why I do it! Rachel's personal news service.
Nelson and Oli are gazing off into the distance thinking " I wonder if this will win us the cute pic?"
DavidSchechter thanks for following me on Twitter!
must be nice!!
I hate when I see that my Twitter just favorites random shit.
great song good times how r u my friend?
LUSH Hip-Hop Thursdays & Mims Official Bday Bash | Txt Me Names to rsvp|Table Special Ciroc & Rose $300 Book Yours Now: 7034073810
The Goods, crank 2, and the town
#fridayreads My Hollywood by Mona Simpson and listening to Star Island by Carl Hiaasen
Hi William! Thanks. I'm looking for experts in frontotemporal dementia and semantic dementia. (pretty rare diseases..)
one michelin star for ! we are one step closer to our goal of three! will be alot of work but im excited for the challenge!
Getting your picture with Zac Efron would be lucky because...
What's good tonight?
WAKE UP or I'll have Libby pee in your mouth! #notkidding!
Forever making jealous with "all the cute American guys."
I see got jokes today!!!
Red Belly Dance Skirt With Gold Coins (Great Gift Idea) Reviews
The A. Philip Randolph Pullman Porter Museum is full of history
UPSET ALERT! #1 Alabama taken down by The Ol Ball Coach and South Carolina.
A #coffee that will really get u going? Ask for "Frappe" when u come in. Its an iced coffee straight from the motherland..not starbucks
the amazing one
Non-ironic union caps. God I love a Truckers show.
are you being serious?! ;)
i was always partial to Les Paul
On the Blue Line Metro headed to the
New tosh.o and workaholics. Fuck yea Im stoked.
Musicos Check out for some exciting new ways to connect your band to your fans...
baby steps but gettin there
I had actually stopped buying for huge jackpots because my wife and I got in a disagreement once about what we'd do if we won.
I see I also observed that it was not Ibsen's best work! Clever me.
The "Dreams Money Can Buy" beat is def in my top 5favorite beats ever made. Minus the "don't eff wit me" part. lol
u r one of the lucky ones! I wear a tie almost everyday (do I rock em, of course) but deep down TSHIRT & JEANS please
Why The Fuck Would you Even Put that Up!?
Make that money bring it back and watch how much I cherish you
congrats! Glad all is well!
lol i remember this pic. good times
Follow me?!
IM FANGIRLING SO HARD RIGHT NOW
Taking a break from vacation to watch the Apple Event today.
You know what's up!! ;) RT : True dat!! RT : If you've heard Lil Kim rhyme but you think Nicki Minaj is cool??
Just had a great workout, so ready for the summer.
"Jonas Brothers Are The Best Band" i agree
it was but I laughed hard af lol RT : It's corny but it is pretty funny
can't wait to see a doctor about my shin
Haha only you motto RT“: My timeline for the last 5 minutes is really just one big #SoundsLikePromNight joke”
Any word or plans for your reality show Still Standing be released on DVD soon plus The Single too?
5000 Flyers For Just $125? Cross Promote Your Artist, Event, or Business with FreeCitiMedia call 404.449.2454 to ask me How!
I love you more :)
Dr. John, singing the living daylights out of "St. James Infirmary" at BAM...with an excellent band. And the amazing Davell Crawford.
Happy Birthday !! Hope you have a amazing day tomorrow!!
LOL I hope you miss it! I am assuming it is airing today, edit accordingly plz!
And the wiff!
Puzzled. What do you call a male mistress?
please follow me :) It would be amazing!:) I love you!
you'll get nothing and like it
Thanks for the add. If you can make it, we'd love to meet you next Monday for our weekly meeting.
Pirouettes on an airplane.
equipment has no issues..stay that way..if I miss the start of Big Bang Theory..there will be issues 2marrow #bazinga!
what can we help you with? all the emails should go to
RT - I'm from Miami but dam the Dolphins sukk
Creative and amazing dinner tonight , celebrating another job interview.
Oreo cheesecake :) <U+25BA>
#grizzlies FedEx Forum looks and sounds mad intense. Tough place to play.
According to DC HSEMA - major traffic delays at 1100-15-- block of N. Cap St. NE/NW due to road construction. Use alternate streets.
I'm not gone let it bother me, I just gotta make it happen
Taylor swift looks like a hippie. And why does her banjo appear to hang so inappropriately low?
Anything is better than White River Amphitheater again.
'Cause we're all just kids who grew up way too fast.
That sums up my life
Best practices conference in #rva this Thursday. Putting the finishing details on the sessions to send out to all of the attendees.
The first is designed for petite menstruating women?
Naughton's has been a fixture in Tucson since 1951 and we love seeing businesses like reach out and connect w/ Tucson!
RT: : Tonight is having a Celebrity Look-A-Like Contest from 5 to 10pm! $250 prize to the best look-a-like!
Ahh, the great State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations
Interesting and fun guitar tuning: DADGAD. This was the tuning used in the movie, August Rush.
i think your tweets are cute :)
No serge what wasn't cool is the way he treated me on the phone and screwed me out of my hard earned money.
This is my ambition... For 2012
Today is #WorldAutismAwarenessDay- spread awareness, show support, have compassion, make a difference
of course you didn't offend me! I guess this convo could be misunderstood, though.
David Maister said 50% of Latham's business is coming from alumni. That goes for you too: anyone you worked with in the past is a prospect
“: At potbellys smashing this sandwich”
Tomorrow's the big day! My last final & then I get to see :D
yeah are 20 and irish
The #Celtics r the X-Men of the NBA, 2011/12! U heard it here 1st. Retweet if U believe.
That is a fun meeting!
Thinking that a Fun Endurance Index could be a useful metric. Useful for what, exactly, I'm less sure.
I stayed at a Motel 6 last night and yes they left a light on for me
I want to see the avengers tonight. Heard it is really good
I love that my friends are active...red rocks this morning now wash park for round 2
ok we in the laboratory right now
. talking about June Tyson &amp; Warrior Queen, showing clip of Sun Ra Arkestra playing among pyramids in Egypt.
Is anyone else at #12NTC staying at International Downtown here in SF? Hostel > Hilton
What are your dreams to be?(:
Toured Robinson Gardens yesterday in preparation for their annual garden extrvanganza in May (we're exhibiting!). Gorgeous!!!
As much as my college bball alliance lies with my undergrad #cuse I gotta give the grad school some love today
Amused and disturbed by Noel Fielding's Luxury Comedy. Recommended.
Much love to , and for tweeting today's post, "Choosing baldness" <3
Ellie Goulding may be the next addition to my music collection. :-)
Hope that little rant Colin Cowherd went on this morning about y college athletes shouldn't be paid, was for ratings. If not, he's an idiot.
Jean Pierre Claris De Florian~ Pleasure of love lasts but a moment Pain of love lasts a lifetime.
thank you you were on fire!
bust it!
I was the one who said things changed. You were the one who proved it
I can't stand bad texters. Lbs
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish
Why make an alien movie and name it after a game? This doesn't make sense to me.
your ring is beautiful my friend!
Anyone else get phone calls from librarians at prev internship telling you they miss you & stuff?
Harry Potter marathon!!! :D
don't worry about me. I already know you are one of those quiet ones you have to watch out for.
Easy come, easy go - the $$ I won on the NCAAs is being eaten up by car repairs. Ugh.
Happy New Year! Yup, some much needed recuperation is in order. How did recruiting go in 2011?
#RWNJs: When you wage #WarOnWomen you also wage war on all the enlightened men who stand w/women. You can leave America any time now.
Real interested in what Buzz Williams will have to say about the road atmosphere following this game, win or lose.
Are we not friends or?
Thanks Ashley. Perhaps when you get time you can let us know your goals. E-Mail:
Nah, just been thinking about it all morning. I've been picturing a couch and a bottle of champagne. So no?
Whoever broke Adele's heart made her as rich as hell.
Busy summer of school
Your Holiness, Please allow #OSF 2feed people at #888Turk if Church not using building Gratias
easy fam ...bout to fall of the heat ,,,,,studio session in few ,,,so i gotta get my head right ,,,,stuck in the clouds
RUN Forrest, RUN..... (Don't fall for the big butt and a smile homeboy). NspiredBy Proverbs 7: 7-27
Just watched Idol in 15 minutes and saw every perfomrance without all the crap... You are crazy if you watch that show live.
Well ill be back in July see yall then got to do 4 months in jail so show me love and follow me and give me shout outs
amen! “: I know bad things can happen, I simply choose to focus on the good things. I love optimism. #BecomeBetter”
We're tired of the suffering everyone has from this outrageous disease and we figure what better way to try to help beat it??!
Not sure what the fuss is about over Google Drive. Fox will probably cancel that one too.
great week. Let's get a win next week in Houston.
sorry, i'm socially awkward and don't know your "lingo" haha
Amazing how one person can change your circumstance for the best/worse. Recognize that person's role in your life & adjust accordingly.
You're never alone, you always have us peeps!
it's a kinda night.
Done seeing the good in people, it only leads to disappointment.
Amazing day until my brother came home!
WTF how did I miss this ??!? i've ALWAYS wanted to go to a foam party WTH!!! :'( sorry boo....
Thanks to all the teams who have submitted questions for this week's crowdsource trivia at The Tracks. These questions are fucking killer.
Being tested by the Man Upstairs." Am I up to it? Without a doubt! But it will be an adventure.
Go follow now, if you want to live <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I m at work and my boss wants to have a bitchy ass attitude with me saying I m 2 mins late! Lol,
got a new camera for Christmas from the boy :)
Jessica Simpson named her daughter Maxwell. Maxwell her daughter. Her daughter is named Maxwell.
So true! Once we accept that most of ur chronic "diseases" are food-borne illnesses, we'll stop fighting the diseases
Good morning! Another beautiful day here in new orleans. The question is what to do, and who to do it with!!
yea I hate when ppl ask tht. Like y does it matter? I am who I am, I like wat I like, nd ill b woth watever gender I choose.
SoundDiego's best show yet: , much -- watch it tonight after SNL!
we're closing early today because of this GORGEOUS weather!! (definitely using sarcasm! ha)
Ok back from my dark place, time to get lifted
I am the trillest of the trill. Chuck Madden Jr was born with sex appeal.
the #UHsb teams holds off an early threat from #SJSU and 0-0 Rainbow Wahine up to bat.
lol yeah she was
What the country needs are a few labor-making inventions.
imfg I'm dying kgonna call you ok
seems like half the people I meet lately are "freelance editors." I don't buy it.
North Star Tuesday Night at 8pm.!
WHATEVER BIG HEAD I WANT MY 5 BUCKS BUSTER
So true!!!! "Anything you lose will be replaced by something." Michael J. Fox
That's the Irish part of me lol
heading to womens lit.... so boring
yes girl!! I got it...I will Message u the info..
All this college conference realignment talk is driving me further away from college sports. As if anyone believes it is still amateur.
courses in #STEM degree programs and K-12 as a way to whet the appetite for learning more?
RT : Decide to be happy...Smile today... A smile is a curve that sets everything straight."
the duck walked up to the lemonade stand....
Definitely seeing the dragon year baby boom. Just found out that our twins have a baby cousin arriving in October.
I'm with a small distributor now, but what's the best way to position ourselves for a Young's or Southern? (I'm in socal :-)
it's not "part of" it's the whole thing. :)
Less is more in blended learning.
Why is writing harder on Monday? Whatever the reason, I have to dive back in now. I'm way behind schedule.
is concerned that the knot in his shoulder might be a parasitic twin finally asserting itself.
. is learning to tweet and everyone can see this
Welcome to #sxsw. Send us your bar tweets (aka reviews) just add #austinbars to your tweet.
Exactly what was needed to get through Monday!
yea and thanks g
thanks for the list!
Im one of the happiest girls rite Now <3
idc bout the right time just the right person :( imma see him again after church 2day at da party..maybe we'll talk.. :(
hahaha!! Good point!
Love listening to Brewers' baseball at my desk....feels like a summer day:).
And he kept it going with the rip on Santorum's snob comment. Classic
doug! Its about time!
Mind officially blown by Eileen Myles reading & discussion last night. She is amazing.
Just launched out new website, stay tunned for traffic drive times and traffic news for San Diego, CA.
Whatcha gonna do tonight?
I'm deadass.
Got the call... I'm booked to be in the new Paul Thomas Anderson movie starring Joaquin Phoenix. Now to get "skinny" and have my hair cut!
$8 Growler refills at Scotty's Thr3e Wise Men Brewing Company today!
Thanks, very helpful. Have you made it? How about doing it w/ 12 10 yr olds? I think it's going to be fun.
Happy Father's Day!!
We are in NJ near Princeton. About 45 minutes outside NYC. How about you guys, where are you riding?
Got that workout in with my youngin , now it's time to lay it down. #FeelingOld <<<<
Top of the morning #Twitter world!
McCarver just credited global warming with Ramirez's HR. For real. I can't make that up. He was 100% serious.
Just said goodbye to my last roommate, so depressing. I'll be all alone tonight for my last night.
I'm kind of in love with Boyfriend by Justin Bieber. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Different... algorithms? ...generate them
looks like Koustubha is going to go short. That'd put me up sooner. Good and bad, maybe.
ima get you!
PS MY BIRTHDAY IS IN 20 DAYS
You bring the heart and I'll bring the beat.
seriusly need this day to end like...now!
I didn't know it!!! Thank you :)
"IM A DINOSAUR!" -zach. "I do not want to have kids with this child!!"-Taylor. Awwh aren't they the cutest couple ever? Lol
aha yup
You need a secretar... Er.. Administrative Assistant sir ?
JusDroppedANew1 "The Empire" Go Peep It SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat My Emails If U Wanna Do Biz
Congrats Shannon Sharpe, you Hall of Famer you...
Fax machines are stupid.
You'll never believe...one is Sarah! Other is Janie. My dad's name is Ben! It's so hard to lose them...
Rick Ross Unveils 'God Forgives, I Don 't ' Album Cover Rick Ross just unveiled the official cover for his forthcoming 5th studio album,
Thanks to , my first ad for CW would show a man sneaking into refrig. late at night and instead of a snack, we'd see a show.
you could have noted the very obvious age range of that group. Stunning & telling
just wait a bit, it's pinging at&t or whatever carrier you're going w/
plus my dog was trying to lick me so now he thinks im into beastiality. FUCKK
First practice in 4 months tonight. Felt like we never skipped a beat. Glad our songs didn't forget us and proud of these guys. -dg
Christmas Gift suggestions - To your enemy, forgiveness. Your opponent, grace. Your friend, a heart. A child, your love. Yourself, respect.
I love all you guys! I wish I was a part of your twisted family! Can't wait for the rest of the season :)
I LOVED your letter! It completely made my day & life, and it is now hanging on my wall! It was so beautiful just like YOU!
Spongebob amazes me. He cant pick up an ax but he can manuever a huge catapult...
that is, as long as he's not taking down Harry and Marv again...
don't EVER compare the OKC thunder to ANYTHING the #SeattleSonics did...
Java "You have the recommended Java installed (V 6 Update 26)." was able to attend webinar recently.
Did anyone else notice how big the moon is.
RT : Magic family did work today! #toocold (good job today Drew, you played well)
Heads or tails?
lol someone tried to steal my phone out of my hand at EDC lol
I'm actually too hot sitting outside in my coat.
Worked on Mastering some Christmas music today. Seems too early for that, but guess it isn't!
Today has been cancelled. Go back to bed.
haha that's how I roll.
so you admit you did follow me back.
Say.. One DIRECTION... Now say One DYE-RECTION...
Jacoby Jones to the #Ravens is a great move for their offense. Going to be tough for them on D without Suggs, though. PIT will win North.
that was a great cartoon. And flintstones
Reporting from trial of alleged gang hit man Jose Adan Martinez in Temecula. Martinez accused of killing 20yr old Tem woman in 2010.
send me some clothes I'll rock them?
Go #Packers!! Come cheer on the Pack and help raise money for a great cause! #JDRF #Brewers & Packers Sports Memorabilia auction today.
About to buy my tickets for June 23...so excited!!
yep... 3 classes left then I am done.
Do #whiskey manufacturers have some hidden relationship with the entertainment industry? Characters on #TV and in #movies always drink it.
An incredibly emotional day helping with our paper's coverage of the passing of
In Beautiful Downtown Burbank today. Drove by a restaurant called The Frontier Wok. I assume they serve a nice Squirrel Teriyaki.
love u guys :-)
Airport security line isn't too bad this morning. Will entertain myself by counting pairs of Uggs. (4 so far)
I'm glad that I won't have to live today again. It was not easy.
im from florida! Haha i live in north carolina. Haha
What's up with all of these sports scandals lately!
": #Scorpio don't usually like opening up to people, its a sign of weakness for another to know their secrets
Just won overall best, most creative collection from judging of Debut collections!!
Ur so freakin sexy can I please get a retweet for all the milfs in phx!!!
I'm gonna grow a mustache now just for that tweet and come see you and Ross
Off to speak to a class at UCLA...
LOL sounds good to me ;D
RT : Okay, big stuff brewing in #Broncos land - maybe comes thru maybe not but HUGE for all involved if true - stay tuned
Good day
new york :)
All I'm saying is that I'm not dealing with this.
Love you forever!!
Being single is a good feeling, no drama or heartaches. On the other hand, it gets lonely and you miss that feeling of being taken.
Glad you liked the article on - more than happy to cover you guys!
let's watch it!!! I love that movie
Waking up late <<
Miller Lite winning the award for best American style light lager is like me winning the award for best David Gorcey style white guy.
And its best for me to stay that way.....for a long time..until im ready.
Love weebles! I had the pirate ship set!
This and then History! #APTest tomorrow
Cooking lasagna hamburger helper!!! #hungeraseverthing:)
Look for the man with the silver pan!
30 page paper due in T- 36 hours. Ah
My agency has started an internet newsletter with ad space -- any tips or a website to recommend?
RT : If you missed this, you may be surprised who's included on this list of the world's most ethical companies....
If we think of hacking as something illegal, how do we account for those from MIT in the 60s who were CERTAINLY hackers?
Psalm 51:10 10 Create in me a clean heart, O God,and renew a right spirit within me.
you wanna see two drawing I did for George Lopez?
Officially dating
LOL showtime synergy!!
Yahoo to lay off 2,000 workers to 'reshape' company future: About 14 percent of Yahoo staffers will be hit by outright termination or...
Santa flew in this afternoon. Sweaty. XMAS in July starts tomorrow. We have tons of fab stuff to make your holidays bright. Sherwood.
Read Mr. Massie's column & it's a spot resume of what really r 2 America. We The People need 2 fix!
Son just awakened, kicked my book and said "Stop it!" before promptly resuming snoring. Make me, mwahaha!
So jealous of my #libschool colleagues who have this semester done &dusted. 24 hours of mad-dash paper writing left for me.
Left an hour and a half early from work
good one!! Did you think of that all by yourself? Wtg!!
Pretty epic XD
I love asking the 7-11 clerk where the organic section is just to see their heads explode.
Sobotka pings one off the post after the #SJSharks get caught deep in the offensive zone and give up a 3v2.
want to come over around 4? Then we can hit up the tailgae & the game?
Hey I love your music dude!
Not the happeiest right now....
Who let into 1871 :)
is heading out to meeting shortly for the 2010 census... my bday is tomorrow... The dirty 30... YIPES!
Obama: we need an all out, all of the above strategy for energy
dont say that to HI BABES..i hope your semester and holiday celebrations are going well
NO CUFFIN END OF DISCUSSION...
(Embarrassing: I couldn't help but think of the cover of a certain YA novel when I saw the dart slide.)
Thanks for the follow AfricanBurialGround (AFBurialGrndNPS)! :)
Adam = Adam West Batman.
shopping>doing homework
I stand ready to set you up with brownies whenever u need them. U can also customize the quote inside if u like.
Heading to for the "55+ Meeting." Expecting a great dialogue on engaging more DC #seniors as
#12 Jwoww is my favorite character on Jersey Shore.
JEN SMASH
I am quite fond of your boobs. <3
find sumthin to do
“: Duh. Tequila shots on me. Love the use of the #BROadtrip hashtag btw” amen bros
So pumped about this worship night coming up in February
White castle sesh
oh wow. And great gay porn it is.
People who make music together cannot be enemies, at least while the music lasts. - Paul Hindemith
Here we are at Seattle-Tacoma Airport, waiting for the flight to Dallas Love Field. Please make this leg hassle-free,
Q7 How do I get on track to become a #milliondollar business?
I'm so behind on my progress reports I just wanna quit :-(
People really do live to blow me.
Even in games where he doesn't pitch, the #WhiteSox are a more enjoyable team with Chris Sale in the starting rotation.
I hear where you're coming from
In Hidden Valley, childhood obesity is covered up in creamy ranch dressing.
The horn has sounded...another suspension of play
Follow The Mang
For what it's worth, the sex scene in the 1st episode of Girls is one of the most accurate representation of college sex I've ever seen.
I knew you would ! :) lol
Work&School all work no play
The box is a very neat one I must say=) Can't wait to see the pics=)
yea the lady @ bestbuy told me to get blank dvds and make back up disks..but thank u so much!!
We can see the fire on baylis from our roof, it's big.
wonderful advice am so appreciative!
#Power to the Real Mo Fuckas
I PROMISE TO LOSE WEIGHT.
Straight from school to work today.
just address your letter like you do all the others "I love you Pippa!!!"
Thinking of getting myself a "Frontstrom" jersey in honor of the Caps playoff run... #awesome or #awful?
#Apple seeds don't grow apple trees that are identical to their parents. This accounts for the wide spectrum of apples - and #CIDER!
RT: : The fab crew will be by City Hall today erecting the Santa gingerbread house. If you see them, give 'em a shout out.
look for my BIG GREEN POSTER, and PLZ Read It!
Thanks for mention
I'm glad you think that. Because I bought two for him.
Agreed RT They need to nix these State Farm/Packers commercials
Who watched the new The Walking Dead premier tonight?
No roses for poe this year. Someone new needs to take the baton.
I hope you stop breathing, Becuase you're a waste of my space
I heard alot about it. Looks gorgeous. How you doing?
You make me smile and happy but I can't get my head around the fact that you choose me <U+263A>
RT If you Like My Photo :$
With My Baybee boii at Home. I'm gonna miss him this weekend when he goes with his Dad! =(
Blackberry or iphone? I hate my blackberry Pearl...think I'm making the switch to AT&T and joining the world of iphone...
I have a beautiful 2010 SPCARBON bike with full SRAM Force for sale in New York. $2399 wholesale price. Email if you want to test ride
Robert Merry traces blogosphere through a long historical tradition dating from the Enlightenment and Industrial Revolution.
Good Morning! We're happy to help! Simply email us ur order confirm # to: or call 888.718.4253 for assistance :)
yes, but Pineda stunk second half last year and showed up over weight to camp “: Cash: Pineda's MRI was clean before trade”
what time is you're class til? Are you going to the gym after?
ears now pierced!
it brought tears to everyones eyes! As sad as it was, it was such a good ending.
no, but to be honest I haven't used visual studio much lately. I like the key binding options a lot though
Urban Iditarod rocked! Ptown was awesome on Sat. Running thru downtown, drinking in the streets and crazy ass costumes can't wait till 2010
Club Aura's Open Hours - Restaurant: Tuesday-Saturday: 5pm-10pm ; Lounge: Tuesday-Saturday: 5pm-close ; Club: Friday-Saturday: 9pm-2am
ok we gotta make the free throws #Lakers - lets not give away the easy ones.
usually I'd tell you not to give up, but I understand....you never want to do something that you don't want to do.
Good morning my #tweeterleets :) luv my words
Hangin with my bros at Harrigans in Dayton. David's band "See Alice Jones" is playing. Gonna be fun.
Moes for dinner<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
WOW! - "When my son is in high school, he'll be asking the pretty girl on the bus for her user ID, not her phone number."
OMG! first time eating Quinn Popcorn,the Vermont Maple and Sea Salt...YUMMY! congrats Kristy!
RT : the smartest woman knows how 2 say "no" even whn her body is screaming "yes"
You're not the only one.....
Thanks and you too!
Berman: We need a Humanities accessible to humanity.
You should have your own show too!
im getting sick all over again
Yes, shipmate(s), comrade(s), or friend(s) should replace it every time.
My video is a contest entry and every "like" on it counts as a vote for my video! So PLEEEAAASSSEE tweet the link of it, I need yalls help!
It is, though I now have to pay to have my daughter taught what should have been done in school.
Licking cider off a cat's nose... Getting a little tipsy & now I'm doing a little dance to amuse a sparrow... It's ignoring me, though.
I know right!?
My Sunday night line up: Bob's Burgers, #Chopped All Stars, #MadMen. Oh. And laundry.
I wanna take a mini vacation. Alone.
I feel a fast coming on...
i know im sorry but im killin my dad goin to this school and i wanna get paid to go to school
Blue Pepper Jazz - 1pt Infused Pepper Vodka ; 1 pt blueberry Jelly Belly Soda Pop - Shake, Garnish w/lemon
They are tearing shit up
lol... Thanks for that visual! I needed a good laugh! :)
just made my day! Seriously... YOU ARE THE BEST!
Hair Stylist: ur hair stylist is a make or break. Don’t waste ur money just to have a hairstylist mess up ur hair extensions. Do ur research
Wow guys! That was amazing. Thank you all for coming and helping set the new world record!
RT Feed your passion...always go back and remind yourself why u fell in love with it
stepping up the game! Love it!
So sorry about today We do take delivery orders during night time if they are large orders. I, Jake the owner, was going to bring you ...
Headed to the land of lincoln again. Pretty excites about it.
Aww man... These news hurt my heart.
Stop in tonight for a limited edition Lips Of Faith Kick #beer on tap!
Love and props to my boy for saying in the game
TY for the #FF! We're in great company! RT :
How are they in this game? is right.
DAMSELS IN DISTRESS is definitely worth a PTO day.
Story of my life RT : I am an endless source of amusement to myself
If I had a nickel for every time I talked about my dad's taint, I'd sail the skies in a dirigible, like John D Rockefeller.
TSOI-NY is at Amoeba records LA: Should i buy new SEEFEEL? New HOLYGHOST! ? New GENERATIONALS?
Goddamn do I hate sassy old people. Die old, leave a solemn corpse.
On my wayy back to skool
Did I mention we will be raffling off prizes at our show this Saturday at Kofenya Coffee in Oxford?
shut up
can't wait to see this controversial voter ID bill walker is proposing. so, now we can't vote?
Saw at WB last month and the hooked me with Coney Island !! cc:
I just came to the sad realization that catching fire isnt coming out until im 14..
You too! thanks
spiked root beer float: root beer, pinnacle whipped flavored vodka and two half&halfs. Yummy.
People with beards (cont.) - Lincoln, Hemingway, Confucius, Zeus, Phelps, Nomina - Let the facial hair flow forth!
#IfIHadMyWay the world would be a better place!
Independent Studies are Satisfactory or Unsatisfactory at UMN. Hehe.
Happy Monday Everyone! Make it a great day.
Feeling sort of lost right now
We have our Presenting Sponsor for this year's ! Announcing soon...
News 8 starts now #ROC, hope you are watching!!
Fed Jake breakfast at Speedway this morning. May be time for a grocery trip.
So *this* is what it's like to be an adult child taking care of a parent...
no problem. want me to write the proposal too?
Contrast with Jobs who either did no charity work at all or kept it very secret. But he didn't spend much either. Apple was it.
some really great blogs in the running community! Go for it, you will love the journey!
I will thanks! I need all the help I can get!
ok i love him, but why is he at my house, eating my food, at 10:30 in the morning
Justin you're really good at singing are a fan of yours (always)
On the tarmac in Atlanta...one more flight.
Good first quarter for the Keep it up!
I feel like it will be awkward and you wont like me back.. if i tell you i like you again.
Ditto-See you tues :) RT Thx! We luv u! RT : Fabulous office space for rent downtown with the team!
your at 50
thanks for RT-ing!
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
Capital One didn't approve my perfectly awesome "WORK LOVE WISKY" graffiti card image. Still, I bought Death Cab & Andrew Bird tix on them.
stay focused! have a great rest of the week!
wanna do mine I'm just not feeling it right now lol
Congrats to the awesome and the rest of my UK friends with #downtonabbey on the US premiere of their second season.
The Parent's Television Council wants family brands to drop support of America's Got Talent...Howard Stern's fans want the same
Hey , if you plan on biking through Columbus on your travels, make sure you stop by and see us!
Ready for this big step that I'm taking :)
any interest in putting together a meetup event? It's been too long!
I got you down for 3 sacks.... we good?
Optimal temperature would be in the 70s and the best humidity would be about 45-47. We've set alarms on some of to monitor
in September you have 10,000 !
I think I am going to sell Scentsy! is there any suggestions about it?
When my room is unorganized; my life is a mess!
Let the road trip begin!!!
I think we might hit the 70 mark tommorw. : It is 62 in #FortWayne right now - looks like today will fall short of 70.
i miss my dad..
I spent 20 minutes walking. 85 calories burned.
2012 #Business Expo today at the are you attending?
RT : Great sass/compass talk by
If you're packing, make sure it's a condom.
Another amazing pass by Ginobili #GoSpursGo!!
Bout to make this money, so I can taste this honey loll!! This fool crazy...
Oops- weather was so nice I forgot FF! Belated
I miss lil'mamas crazy outfits. I miss everything. </3
Glad to spend time with my girls last night ....wish I could b in bed sleeping instead of work merrp!!
Mass. Eye and Ear to Celebrate Bill Designating Annual Recognition of World ... - Sacramento Bee
Battleship review? RT Just wiped what might as well have been a melted mess of Neopolitan ice cream. (it was instead my asshole)
For events in South LA about a rail line in South LA, the "ethnic media" would be the white reporters, not the black 1s.
Don't ask questions you don't want answers to.
Would Nov 2 general strike include workers at Twitter Google AT&T or does it need communications workers on the job?
lol it's all good it needed to be cleaned anyway. Thanks for everything man! Good times
That's only for "business"
I dont even trust Grizz automatically beating LAC in 1st round, since that's one matchup to watch.
The creepy laugh my speech teacher did when I asked him to dim the stage lights cause my shirt was see-through <<<
so much for this being Armor For Sleep's last show..
Question-do we change our own style when we're dating new people to accommodate our partner’s style so that we look like a balanced couple?
definitely, looking forward to that for sure.
At least you get natural reverb?
I hate the omg you've never seen Star Wars/don't drive how are you existing. related, did I mention is awesome?
My boss' ten year old wants me to bounce on the trampoline and listen to David Bowie with her...
Not a fan of the half day. When did my opinion change? Used to love it
Alaska Airlines Just Made Its First Flight On Frying Pan Grease via
Congrats on the new post at ! Excited to have you downtown.
im not always there when you call, but im
I just read your article. You are very articulate. Hilarious! Can't wait to see you kick that ball!
RT Keep it real with me I'll keep it real wit u...it's a G thing baby!
AT&T Changes Tethering to Mobile Hotspot
I need a cookie lol
#WhyDoiAlways believe your lies .
praying for you this summer! Wilderness Ranch is holy land. Enjoy!
Can't seem to capture with my camera, but the snow by us is bouncing around like lottery balls.
Push ups r the best work out! Men if u want big Sexy arms like Do some push ups
If a firefighters business can go up in smoke, and a plumbers business can go down the drain, can a hooker get layed off?
What are you doing in Ohio?
no toxicity in the au natural form of B12 in Ankimo, but thank you for your concern.
Shake it!! RT : every time you play Super Happy Fun Club I do a little dance XD
Under a year? They'll probably swap it for you.
YES! Very sweet #ISS Flyover over ONLY 2 "interesting" neighbor encounters.
It's an umi tutti night
Hello, will you please follow me? I'm following you! :)
RT "Don't let your past dictate who you are, but let it be a part of the amazing you, you will become".
The moon looks magnificent this morning. Quick somebody write a poem! Cell photo not doing justice. I will hold the image in my brain.
Feeling lucky today! <U+263A>
what an awesome Thursday from these two great places .... Now z
A heapin' helpin' of new pics comin your way this week. They got soupy for a good cause & you can too!
How are you today ? :)
i whent to the store 1 hour ago!
Stupid auto correct thats Way to move Way to Move
You are welcome!
Historical romance novels ftw!
I make a mean hot pocket how's about that deal?
omfg i know :')
That damn marathon made me 18 mins late for work!!!
super troopers?
Congrats & on the upcoming nuptials!! All of the best to both of you. , did he trick you?
congrats win well deserved love ya?#Rusherspartyingworldwide?
Sunday #brunch party at Diva starts now! Music by special guest Dj and rounds of drinks to go around. Lets do it up this Labor Day weekend!
gonna get the movie paranormal 3
haayy boo<3 okay ,I'm on it!
wait, please give me a couple more days!
Must have been that crazy night of Settlers of Catan and popcorn.
I gotta send it again some shit had fckd up st the end it's coming !
I need a full box of tissues to get through that movie
yeah, that's the type of lesson that usually only comes in retrospect!Hope you get a nap in today!
shorten it & make content more outcome focused for the print newletter since the primary audience is our donors.
Tomorrow's growler code is a shout out to our friends Mention them tomorrow for an $8 64oz growler refill.
welcome to Twitter, little sister. It's pretty fun once you make sense of it ;) Have you found B & K yet? I don't have their info
Mahalo 4 performing! U rocked!! What a pleasure to meet you. Love&Respect~Kalona
Disappointed on our draft pick lastnight but well see what's next with the Texans
Sam Horn & Glen Davis just called. They, too, think they have something left in the tank.
How are my dear followers?? <U+2665>
once you find that person tho...there will be no separation
Thanks, girl. I am going to be singing the "Think happy thoughts..." song to myself.
Thanks for the mention on pinterest post!
Are you looking to live in Stadium Village? We have the place for you! call about Yale on Campus 612-703-RENT
Welcome to the club. I have received login errors like that on Facebook for a week now. Just keep trying over and over.
Remembering the days when you actual cared. #goodol'ones
i shall meet Greg Mahoney this summer <3 #1 on my list! (:
Darnton: google book search is dead.
we always have on in our house!
Welcome to the Church of Cabbage ... Lettuce pray!
: um actually I don't so...
I'm entitled to my own opinion but to be honest I actually proper 'hate' One Direction or 1D! There alright but I just hate them! Ahahahhah
Let's GO #BUCKEYES!
Whether it's a thumb on a key chain or something out in the Cloud, get to know your storage options. You're going to need them.
#IwantSomebody who loves taking me around his family and friends
Bo Xilai Said to Have Spied on Top China Officials Bo Xilai was toppled amid accusations his wife arranged the killing of a British busin
Counting down the days!
After Ingrosso... Guetta is pretty underwhelming :/
Killed it #FreeBird Your so crazy AMAZING and I adore you!!
We, As Human Beings Are The Biggest Threats To Ourselves. It Is In Our Nature. Our DNA. To Be Mean, Evil, & Self-Destructive.
left home at 9am. Got home at 12:30am. Long day.
Air con cranked on this bus. It's only 70F/21C outside. Hardly worthy of freezing AC...
Shoutout To For Keeping Me Motivated =]
After 1 lesson, my Moroccan student's American accent improved about 80%. I just couldn't believe it. And he was sleepy and still amazing!
HOW GREAT IS IT TO SEE SPENCE BACK IN RF AGAIN?!?!?!
Thanks for mention! Voted For FreshTips again today :) text is so easy. 383838 type in 4509 and I was done. Good Luck
Patriots going to cover the spread after all?
If you want a radio outlet. get in touch with our station. The first and largest internet radio station CyberStationUSA.com
The voices, the voices, the voices, voices in my head
Must have been due to your crusade for justice
We need a back seat for our van, would anybody like to lend us their back seat of a Ford Aerostar?
To prepare for #IreneMA, we've made waffles, chocolate cookies, and are starting on banana bread. Planning to eat our way through the storm
we got our big Xmas tree. It's time to shop for presents to put underneath. Let's see which gets in trouble first, the kids, cat or puppy.
Pinny opener of -125 bet down heavily to -108 currently
agreed really wish I worked there for the lunch options
just remember its always gonna pass, few months from now your gonna look back and laugh at whatevers bothering you right now
Listening to Up All Night makes me want to do bad things to the boys.
Bologna! What's the first thing I did after arriving at my apt? Why, EAT of course!
Wow! There were a lot more than I thought there were, lol. I finally found u.
i put a bunch of mags in the laundry room :)
Just 2 show u how fuked up the legal system is, they got my cuzzo on sum petty charges yet they wnt arrest zimmerman on murder, #BULLSHIT!!
me! My alarm just went off! Ah no jokes!:) studying/tweeting you:)
This dude 2 chainz is a marketing genius. Seriously a genius. No way he didn't create this himself as a marketing plan...
Absolutely. Throw the Sharks in too.
Lendy Castillo is "hurt" and going on the DL. LOL, it was a matter of time before Maine was recalled and Lendy caught a phantom something...
Don't forget! If you're going to the home opener today look for us and get your free sample of Stinky Gringo Margarita!!!!
Don't give yourself reasons why you can't - give yourself reasons why you CAN!
"I LOVE my new Rav4!!!! Robbie is awesome!:) He found me the perfect car right away, exactly what I wanted and needed and at a lower...
I am on my way to the Magic for Him Convention
it's cool that Richard Gere plays in that band, I liked him in Primal Fear...
don't leave!!
I guess this is growing up
yes, this blog is already on the site. Sorry to trouble you.
RT : 90% of America is working class
Patriots hire Bill Belichick's son, Steve, as assistant coach
Hospital officials discuss importance of engaging in political process. Brief local candidates on your hospital's issues....
just trying to be helpful.
Aw, so sweet! Thanks.
Know that name from? I met you like 2 summers ago at a local show and you gave me your business card haha
The british are coming. The British are coming.
If it is not fun day I will complain about it later.
$30 to fix it...I thought it would be at least $100. $70 bucks for happy hour!
3-0 Packers. The rout is on.
My answer on to: My daughter's mother is asking me to take my daughter with me due to financial hardship, what ...
Thanks for the follow !
You found my other account nice twerk
Dear Google: What's up, man? You get a haircut or something?
jay just made Bob knight look stupid
this guy never makes sense, like stfu already bro.
I'm dumb -____-
Good luck with that.
Have a lot of friends and family in and around Dallas - be safe! scary images of storms there
Home. Comment the pics please& i'll return the favor.Text if you wanna.
Hi Mike! Ole Smoky should be on most shelves in IN. If not, have your store call Southern Wine Distributors. Shine responsibly!
: I like to teach my kids that they can do anything. For example this year, our taxes.
Like. RT Now that Facebook is for sale, we can all lose our money where we lose our time.
oh !! Lol I think that's where I've seen you, do you hang out with Brandi or Olivia or them other girls that always go there?
i got to laugh to keep from crying i got to pray to keep from dying!
you want me to type them a letter so you can show them lol
After the show it's the AFTER PARTY, hotel lobby, etc
obviously we do. The real question is how does shit actually get done at your school.
i know i spelled it wrong, you spell everything wrong.
I have so many nicknames lol, what nickname do you know me by?
I know I'm really late to the party, but 'Young Adult' was fantastic and was excellent in it.
i'm so ready to Turn Up
thank you! loved the podcast. Sorry to hear about its demise.
It's Fondue night! Hot, melted Roth Kase Grand Cru Gruyere, w/ chunks of Madison Sourdough Country Loaf. Tasty way to take off the chill.
Don't forget me for months then come back sayin "hey, I missed you" like we're still friends, 'cause we're not -_-
You freaking people are stupid. You make me want to cry out of disappointment.
Now I'm waiting for those tumblr angels to create the perfect gifs.
Ladies: The minute you stop chasing him, is the minute he starts chasing you! x......
Someone farted on the lelavator what a douchebag -
carwash in my driveway! :D
#EISSOF at EISSOF and this is just incredibly amazing. Many might say unbelievable, but Eminence Believes!
It was "Battle of the Network Stars" on before this. I guess that didn't come in HD at the time!
That was a dream right??
I love you has lost it's meaning. It's thrown around more than a baseball.
seriously, is Christina the stupidest person to ever play #survivor ? What a quitter!
Thanks - looking forward to #sparkandhustle & we are spreading the word!
Seriously, 4/2 people w/their hands full of self motivation & doable plans who mind their own business & deny themselves of immediate short
Wiz's older stuff is so much better than the new stuff
Back to data recovery I suppose... I'll probably sneak in a game of hinterland when possible too.
I'm worth more than any normal girl cause I can love harder and care endlessly <3
RT : Loving the #2011icf conference... Weird the hotel room has a martini shaker but no coffee maker! Vegas!
You Need To Be Mine Again
shout out to our new #follower!
¤ When your physical environment is in alignment with your aspiration, success becomes the norm. Susan St Lawrence
What's sad is Junior Seau had the means to get help, but still chose the selfish way out by committing suicide. His poor kids.
The summer has been busy. But the music hasn't stopped.
hittin' tonight for their fest of oktober. yinz should too.
I'm kinda glad it ended:)
Will do.
"With Sympathy", I assume?
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Irish author, O. Wilde said, "I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best."
haha ok confession, I was lying! Would be cool though huh!
Hi gang. Been MIA due to work. At Disneyworld right now!
Thanks sweetpea! Ur right! Whn u gud the devil does everything n his powers 2 make u bad.
Internet show, 1-25-11, 10-11amPCT. www.Drrosie.com : “A Close look At How Black Men Are Legally Being Separated From Their Children.
Thank you so much for the love +support! U r RAD! Can't wait to meet you! Sending big fat love yr way!!! <3
Janet Jackson coming To Vegas in April Caesar's Palace Concert Dates April 22nd and April 23rd 2011 MVP Offering great Room Rates
RT : Juss got baqk from Incredible Pizza. Had a blast! Happy birthday Luis, you're the best :D
just tweet me from across the table. Yup, this is the
Happy #SpiritDay dear! Stop bullying, Stop the hate...send LOVE!! xoxo
5 or so minutes away from giving away EMA tickets!
Rome, Diet Dr.Pepper, Goku & Friday Night Lights reruns. Simple RT You are one of the top 5 most random people I know
Thank you for the mention, Karima!
Otherwise I will get you the podcast. :)
ok just go to setting scroll down and it will say username
Hi Sandra! Happily running free mobile deals for business. www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
damn, I was hoping to get a discount. lol
at least my cats love me so whatever
hahahaha nope i leave that trap for you dude.
Shoppers using pepper spray on other shoppers? No wonder Gilligan didn't really want to get off that island!
Hey Apple, for your iPad roadmap, could you add a feature that ignores swipes by toddlers while their parents are trying to use the device?
If you could please say a prayer for my grandpa. He passed away last weekend. Thanks & I'm a huge fan.
Aww, ": i don't ever use my snuggie for warmth. i just snuggle with it. #foreveralone"
I view it this way: he'll try to do too much and actually be a detriment to them!
20 followers and 40 people in our Facebook group — and we just announced today. Thanks everyone! (though there's plenty more to be done...)
What's poppin?
Thanks for sharing Courtney's talk. She was fantastic, and I'll share, as well!
Nah-- I'm starting out on the ground floor.. bayes = #elysium. Am freaking loving #sweave, though.
What do you get if you cross a monster with a flea?Lots of very worried dogs.
I'm all for it. As long as he hits them out of the park like daddy did.
will you please follow me grand man:)))<3
Thx for the follow, R. Looking forward to how you do blog promo WITH chocolate.
The only airline that offers a direct flight from Boston to San Diego is Another reason to love them.
WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ,OPEN SUN 12-4PM,FREE VALENTIMES RAFFLE ! CHECK US OUT.WE BUY GOLD,
Very true your holiness. If more people were like you, we would have heaven on earth!
how stupid can someone really feel in one day? i hate myself
J. Cole's probably my favorite out right now but Diggy went pretty hard on that dis record
We need about 15 more folks for Saturday's big party! Volunteer with us an help Columbus music! email columbumusiccoop at gmail dot com!
all the other kids with the pumped up kicks you better run better run faster then my bullet.
S/O TO Mi COUSiN FOR HAViNG REAL LONG HAiR DON'T CARE!..iT RUNS iN THE FAMiLY!...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Did anyone else see Bar Pilar on LivingSocial's Instant Deals front page? +1 to whoever thought of that.
how about you shut the fuck up #subtweet .
Looking fwd to some good friends, food and drink tonight in #seattle. Anyone been to Coterie Room?
This is the twitter account you asked me to create -- Kimone
Years or even never RT : Yes it can even take years if there is a lot of competition
Only 7 days left to pay your balance due to the IRS.
I can't move
DO YOU NEED SPORT-SPECIFIC SHOES?. On needing some new running and step/aerobic shoes recently I had read about different shoes supporting …
thank you! visit us soon? might hit VA soon...
AP: Two Pentagon officials say the at-sea burial of Bin Laden was videotaped. MAY be publicly released soon.
thanks! Represent ATX!
Backing band is primed and ready. Played all 24 songs off the Bends and Ok Computer last night!
We'll be at EDC with the gals and ... can't wait!!!!
YO YO YO... or is that ho ho ho ho... not calling you a ho! ha h aha... hey I just got a place in Japan Town... YAY ME!
I need to record something
I like how is moderating our argument
mattjh2 said it all today its all in how you think. So people yes we need noah's ark but your hair still needs to look its best.
So uh, what names did he call these people? Don't be so scared an hope all this will blow over.
Talking about money when you don't have any makes you seem poor
look him up!
Taking a look...
Grow up. #fuckEx's.
Great morning practice. Let's hope the second group brings the same intensity and drive as the first group.
there was a winters farmers market all winter in newburyport that i JUST found out about #bummer!
If the Spurs win, i hope Timmy D retires. Go out a champ even if you got a little left on them old knees bra!
Your tweet does give me the idea of making a really bad Prezi to share and discuss what not to do, though... :)
What kind of candy do you hope every house gives out on Halloween?
eating.....yeah, thats about it.
It's a hazy contemplation, but definitely a contemplation . . .
No obviously you don't because I obviously used all caps to express it to you and I got a boring ass response.
What's your favorite part of #tacos? The meat? The cheese? The salsa? Or the whole darn thing?
Per 2012 Signee Devontae Morgan was most outstanding player in the City Tournament in Tampa, FL in leading his team to title
Stupid project >.<
When this game go off I'ma be knocked out
Pro tools. No rules. So cool. Old school.
Skin. And it wasn't melted. Just dried shredded cheese. I wonder if Freud would say it's because I am not as hot as I think I am?
I really need money to be no object. Come on NYC gimmie something good!!!!
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night! ~ from my new iPad :D
Single and ready to mingle:P Message me!
not at all
Never. She prefers #marble RT : Dont take yo momma for
I, however, am theirs.
Farting under the covers nope
- Now, with you on board, Twitter just got more interesting. Let the anarchy begin!
I blame Andy Reid. RT : Tough loss by Philadelphia. I blame Ryan Howard.
I will be #mixing it later today. Send draft tonight.
How soon before George Lopez has a comedy routine about SOPA? "How did SOUP ruin the Internet? Whyyoucryin'?!?"
just in time. the second series is on PBS right now!
I am truly in need of your prayers, my friends....for SO many reasons. Life is unpredictable. And so often we have little control. ...
My pick for best dressed at Oscars: She looks beyond amazing in that Tom Ford.
That is awesome. Congrats to your sister!
Never tell a man that his friend likes his tater tot tattoo more than he does
Yay! Thanks! RT : I believe you!
Chill out with our delicious selection of house made sorbet! Strawberry, Lemon, and Raspberry are ripe and in season in Midtown!
Aww really *smiles at * <U+2665> <U+2665>
please RT this tweet(: it would e amazing(:
need that n my life
I'd like to meet the most powerful people in the world and see things through the eyes of people capable of actually changing the planet.
hahaha i guess. It's boring though..
Further proof we're living in a strange and wonderful age: the underdog is the world's largest company. Let that sink in for a bit.
Happy easter austin. Are You Happier Today?
rule #1: there are no rules
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088> #ExploreFultonMarket. It's all about art, food, community, and culture. Join May 12th 12-5. Enjoy the #WestLoop <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
Sorry im back in Chicago
Okay. This is pretty great.
Well yes.
Thanks! Right back at you!! :)
“: "There is a systematic, institutionalized injustice across the country," says ” Even truer today.
Sorry, yo. Stuck in CoMo tending bar. But I will figure out a way to get my hands on at least one of those!
Ha... I think it was our first date... Ski-U-Mah!
#njdevilssuck yes they are! Thanks fot being a good sport.its all for fun :) best of luck to marty and them.
Lord Bieber
Winos to watch!!
Whew Bay Area - Steve Jobs and Al Davis in the same week.
Meanwhile, my Broncos trade all the way out of the round.
Brittany Griner is my hero (Baylor covered the spread handsomely) #gambling degenerate
Does anyone have any experience with Thin Client setups in the classroom or lab? What's your opinion?
RT Epic_Women: If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. -Mother Teresa
You are NOT an idiot.
Syd's #storytelling show tonight is called "Stories with a Chicago Accent." Love his work, but I don't think I've heard this piece before.
Jetting to San Diego early tomorrow AM to meet with writers, agents, and editors, oh my! Margarita, anyone?
Can't wait for
Thanks! :D
I'm referring to cte being blamed for suicide as depicted in the article.
oqcvde : transaction account guarantee program project 2000 ...
nice session at #edusaforum on advanced social media, very comprehensive
Happy Easter , , Good Luck Today!! Take the Series!!
RT OH MY GOD. You see? This is what I don't like.
Probably So , but I'll Still Unsure , why ?
ouch!! that looks like it hurt!!!
Old lady Jean merl can eat a dick.
Waiting for the day my mom doesn't start a conversation with "Dr. Oz says"
Yo mamma is so stupid she sat on the TV and watched the couch.
Send us an e-mail
Defending state champion Granite City looks for a turnaround
it was fun! I remember!
John Davidoff says: "Key to Mission-Driven #Marketing: Understand what void you fill, and the value you add."
hello, carson. how are you doing? (;
Yo! Wondering if you could put your photos from the social up on Flickr, blog, somewhere so I can post on museum's FB tonite?
Friday afternoon exams
sweeter by the meter has been used to describe penises for decades
just out here trying to function ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯
Never seen it :(
from where??
You can do it! I just had to walk away from the Dove dark chocolate pieces.
The key to happiness is having dreams. The key to success is making your dreams come true. ~Unknown
Hey #Cleveland! What is your absolute FAVORITE restaurant in the area?
ok I'll see you in a few
Ginger power<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Thanks weather, I really felt like looking like a drowned rat this morning!
Like this if you believe in God. haha!
I suck all the salt off the peanut shell and usually don't eat the peanut.
I hav a cut in mi pinkie toe aw tear :'(
Is resting on his day off before "Opening Night" of The Producers at The Walnut Street Theatre in Philadelphia on Wednesday, May 20
is doing a Fall Tour, could life get any better? I think not, unless they don't come to my state on one of their dates...
.com domains only this weekend $9.49
#edshow 45 years ago Romney bullied a kid. 45 years ago OBAMA eat DOGS.
that's what I thought too ! It's dead af !
Treat Yo Self!
: what makes you think I didn't want you.??
Only one a day? That's not like you, I think.
Fuck you Obama.
Grading. That is all.
GET UP..NOW WYD
a while ago you linked to a rather contentious review of a lit anthology. I'm trying to find it, any chance you remember?
Ok look im following all my followers so can that clear everything up
yes...but you're a guy...the women are loving him....he's a wolf in sheeps clothing...and we like him
haha. I was about say, isn't that Flanders? :)
I'll write it after I hear the recording!!! I gotta get a feel for the lyrics.
awesome! hey, congrats on the babies!
Also, #aaa2011 media folks! Our panel "NO MATTER WHERE: TRACKING NEW MEDIA MATERIALITIES AND IDEOLOGIES" is in 514B from 4 on. Me=6pm
I love martinis especially chocalate
The month of April 2012 will honour the President General of the ANC, Cde Josiah Tshangana Gumede who served as the President of the ANC...
when we were kids the motto was HAKUNA MATATA now it's just FUCK BITCHES,GET MONEY.
“: Hoping the world doesn't end in 2012. Things are just getting good.” me too
getting there!
good point.
imma cry!:'( I live in ireland! Huhu
It's raining alot right now and I wanna cuddle.
i be telling niggas sometime just because you doing bizz with a fine chick that dont mean you got to holla all the time
People need a reference point, since not everyone has seen the release.
AH OMG OMG OMG I LOVE YOU SO MUCH FOR TWEETING THAT
Thank you!!
Safe and Sound - its from Hunger Games
Great to see you here Jack. You'll be happy to hear that I haven't lost my car lately.
nice upbeat song to listen to after watching theGrey "/..i think i had a different facial expression &seat position evry min. thru the movie
SURPRISE! We're playing tonight at the Deli in Norman, just in case you missed last nights killer show. We go on around 11
“: Hanging with & to watch some #twins!! ”GO TWINS!!
Ya shit look good, but it'll look Betta if I hop in
This. RT Not believing this Rose stuff until a CHICAGO news outlet reports it.
Waiting on this Heat game!
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. — ARISTOTLE
I've heard of worse months.
Don't get it twisted....
good night gorgeous!
Dont Let The Snow Stop You From Checkin Us Out!!!!!! 2120A N MLK! By Adam Bomb Tattoo!!
Working as MAD Man, only on Broadway... www.bayardad.com
Enjoying a beautiful Saturday with Ana. =]
effffffff my life.
Michael Moon
A good head and a good heart are always a formable combination
LOL! My male co-worker has cologne called "Sex Panther". Maybe he should get his wife some funky jungle love :)
I just call her boo
mom and dad are hiding something
Good morning! Hope y'all have a great day! <U+E106>
Mon-Fri! RT is breakfast going to be daily?!?!?!
two thumbs down for twitter!
If you fuck up with me I no longer wanna fucks wit you. It's really quite simple!
through third parties... code for expensive
And they close up and then they just do it again. I know like 6 kids who've done dumb shit like that.
If this is what "forever" means between two people... I never want it ever again
And no 'Spinning Wheels'! Don't 'Go Down Gamblin'. “: It takes blood, sweat and tears to win a championship.”
Our Potomac Pizza fundraiser tonight applies to dine-in and carry-out! For carry out call: 1.301.299.7700
Happy Jackie Robinson Day!
I sure hope this NCAA Tourney doesn't peak too soon, because it looks like it could already be off-the-charts good!
do i know you?
Tickets for Doin' Time-Through the Visiting Glass on sale in less than an hour last show at 7pm
Writing Madness to be followed by March Madness
whose ready to hear the new song friday ???
A lot of people playing the blame game and feeling sorry for themselves this morning.
If your lunch plans are as exciting as watching paint dry, swing by Wet Stone. We'll make sure to please your palate. Open @ 11am 'til 2pm.
I can be your Motivation (:
Very, very lucky to have an excellent relationship with my healthy mom. I know some don't have that. Reading tweets about it.
You rock, so proud! Perry would be a great interview for
Make sure yall follow my homie for original real life and comical tweets.. Oh and did I mention dis nigga can spit!!
I have some very basic safety rules. One of them is: When you open beer #3, stop using axes.
Nice :D
I don't wear pants when I read scripts.
Sitwell Looks Surprised #ArrestedDevDerbyNames (Ok, that's my last one. Enjoyed this excercise way too much.)
I wish I could go to the CAFS conference but I will be in Europe doing fieldwork. Hoping to spend some time in YVR in July.
#SometimesYouHaveTo let the real u come out and show everyone Wat u have been hiding for so long</3
Christmas lights are going up, the steak special is ready, an the wine is $10 off a bottle! Get your butt in here and warm up with us!
had a good practice yesterday listening to sum blur today
Thank u for the compliment! Have u found a favorite? RT : congrats on the launch of your web site!! It is very cool
STOP THE PERIMETER SHOOTING
Well done dude! What a feat to finish!
Could it be your face I seen...
Scott Lewis at Reedley College wishing you all the best and VERY thankful to have participated
15 mins until bed, :o then work in the am. I swear I miss everything on twitter.
#Hotpeopleifollow well...can't follow myself.lol
I wish ma friend Espy will party more but she can b kick ass when she wants 2 be!!!
i don't know
All the advertisements on the buses seem to have forgotten their alt text
Great link Kai. I have a friend in edu in NYC and she's debating this among her team now. Let's talk soon.
Even with gas prices sky high, car still seems best bet. Est. gas cost RT, $300. Plane/train $400-$500. Car=16 hrs. Train=35 #LA to Portland
hey tubs xD
Good morning world and welcome new followers!!!
In what ways did your experiences at West Virginia State impact your life & professional development?
let's catch up soon! I want to hear about your life!
awesome just had to let you guys know since I tried the root beer today (whole foods had it)
There is cool water in being a mother, there is steam; there is salt, there is sweetness, there is bitter, there is utterly delicious.
in 4 th quarter lost game
The tithe WAZ and IZ not suppoze to be MONEY! It WAZ and IZ FOOD! That is how GOD fed the priestz who did not have time to grow cropz,,,,,,,
Music is an art form that is now timeless. It is as much the art the day it was written as the day you listen to it!
Shhh! I'm trying to read Mystyx #3 (Mayhem) by !
It's Todd Hicks at WTMJ4, do you know of any Ron Paul watch parties next Tuesday? email with info...
Don't get baited into a battle you can't win
It might look like we're in love but only on camera.
Thank you, dear! My new book speaks to a broader audience & helps nonfood allergic kids understand how they can help
Trying to unwind from a tense day. I chose a program about homicidal children. My problems are all so clear.
STOP HATING ON SOMEONE ABOUT THEIR LIFE. YOU DONT KNOW WHAT THEYRE GOING THROUGH SO SHUT UP.
Old trumpet Jackson, the saxophone player!
I don't know. Puppy bowl is where it's at.
All-time great Bearcat! What are you future plans for football?
Two old men in the coffee shop were arguing about who is god. Is Jupiter god? Is the sun god? Is god universal benevolence? Or Saturn, war?
mr. Pibb all the way
-misses you- <3
the app! Like when I tried to post the tweet a window popped up warning me and giving me a chance to delete!
First Tweet From a Driver Racing in
where was this hard yoga class? I'm a masochist.
Since I'm not running for the next month or so, I'm thinking I need to catch up on the CodeYear tutorials. Did 4, got too busy.
Hilarious. Hang in ...
I literally mean it when I say thank God Santorum is done.
glad I am not that guy!
Spent today talking with Sarah! Took 3 hours discussing the Holy Spirit today. Came back to my loving 2yo nephew! He's such a sweetheart!
Countin money all I seem to hear is benji talkin
One good woman is enough, and it takes a real man to realize that.
RT : Don't be afraid of opposition; remember, a kite rises against, not with, the wind - Hamilton W Mabie
What drink did you have it in?
I didn't know what the fuck to do, so I went inside and called the Shannahammer.
I just wanted to be appreciated ! I guess not .
Work was fun today:)
4 in the morning?! Holy crap... And you can use Skype on a mobile? I feel dumb for not looking
Top rated Breakfast Tacos in town. Not fast premade tacos. Each one is made for you. Taco in a bowl with egg whites, any taco in a bowl!!
Just found 's book fired to hired at a thrift store. Super excited to see it b/c she's new to .
It's about time they had representation! : 1st #speakout speaker is a #WalMart associate - and still has to be on welfare
cookout, brackets and italian ice are all trending in dc. what a day.
Margaret Fuller~ When your dreams tire they go underground and out of kindness thats where they stay.
reppin stevenage on my own woo, such a shit mood:(.
Philly fuckin this game off
About to eat and you?
whas wrong ? ;o who Am I gonna beat up today? I will drive to SA best believe haha
30% off select items and 20% off your entire purchase! Ask us how! Now thru Friday
Took one on the chin today...your learn more from your failures than your successes.
If assholes could fly then this place'd be an airport...and I'd be in AlQueda.
Is it really? hahaha I don't even know. I've never tried not to be
I know Torrey. Gotta keep some things on the down low.
would love it if he follows his brother to the Heights
yea I was
enjoy the much deserved rest.
Georgetown scores with 6:47 left in the game to take a 21-7 lead over Benedictine.
awesome! Thx for the tip!
Triples can be serialized in mayny ways, including RDF. But basic concept is the same.
If u cant rack and red bottom still come out April 9 bday bash.....The main event center..
An upcoming review of John Harvey's "A Darker Shade of Blue": will be "particular treat for the author's many devoted fans."
Classic ! “: Do you ever get down on your knees and thank God you know me and have access to my dementia?”
virtual residency page has typos! "Project must be completed by march 2011"??
I mean damn: vacuum cleaners are retarded expensive. Someone should invent a carpet broom.
I never expected her to say anything good about them .__. First thing she said when she saw them, "They look old." OTL
Yay!!! What a fabulous trio! :)
Watched Chris Evans throw around a shield for two hours. Great movie!
The Production Company is now on Twitter! Follow us for all the info - including the announcement of our next season's schedule !
Do you have a link to the Boehringer Ingelheim chemistry game mentioned in FIR #645?
Contrary to popular belief, old school hip hop is quite therapeutic. Gracias !
lol damn near. This my morning song.
that's the first time i heard that excuse for why he left
so i just looked on craigslist for the fun. tickets for friday and the only people selling them want $90 each :(
I like to drink water its good for you
I can barely stand the online version of the UTSD. The pop up ads are obnoxious.
Currently 65% into the rough cut!!!
HELLO WORLD
100 years ago today JFK's gandfthr threw out the first pitch against the Yankees at Fenway.
How can someone be both my strength and my weakness?
Really thought I would see more people tonight with it being Cinco de Mayo, but I only saw &
It's really sad to say bye bye to all of that good bar b q and beer...treadmill and weights first thing in the am!
its time to get up in the morning, in the morning
Dope session tonight ... Wait tll y'all here new record #SAMESONG shout to eryone tonight good night
little baby charlie! heart is melting! remember when she was so tiny? and not crazy? charlie [hearts] her cousins.
Can we all agree that Brad Pitt's performance in Troy left alot to be desired? Very questionable.
lol easy concept!
I want to meet someday!!
Blue Jackets are in!! Ship attack and hostages...and more pink wigs? You never know in the mornings here on 10TV...tune in at 5!!
top guys that are sexy:
good luck!
Happy mothers day! I have one of the best moms I could ask for! Love you mom!
#Nalip2012 was only great because you were there! Next year is too far away.
one midterm to go til fall break!
she need to stand still bc that shit is pitchy.
New dream job: set designer for the catalogue!
im trying to get him to follow this account! Obviously...hence my twitter name.....haha
Anybody have a rope? I need to rescue a few people who jumped of the bridge a few weeks ago,
I love everyone... Wait. No that's not true.
Sorry I couldn't get to work, I couldn't find the bus stop.
I would like the world to know that the anti pneumonia vaccine hurts like a bitch the next day. Just so you are aware. :-)
DIversity Thrift on Sherwood Ave is open today, however DT2 will remain closed. Come check out quarter weekend!
Seeing the Dictator with Kellllie tonight (: We've been waiting for this to come out for months!!
How did my bby mos wanted crew do? I didn't see it :(
Right or wrong, Bret Bielema and Bo Ryan have both managed to create PR nightmares for themselves in the last few months.
TEXT ME.
They/it were/was equal parts Hammer-Pants and skirt.
I give a big THANK YOU to all our community sponsors and individuals that assisted in making Future Leadership Boca 2009 great this year!
Reid says will file cloture tonight on $35 billion teachers/first responders jobs bill. Sets up Friday vote.
Hahaha I asked for that. RT : ah Brandon Weeden ah
the boss!
omg, im so tired -_- this has been such a long day...
Thats new :p
I was 14.!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> what the fuck!!! Are you freakin serious!! Wow this motherfucker lol what did you get?!
Definitely not the same
she's a cutie pie.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> that kid to death..
Whose your pick: Jones vs. Rampage? My moneys on Rampage to get his belt back! Gonna be a good one! takin ur money! ;)
What program is this?
Forget #SignsofCheating Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.
No heirloom of humankind captures the past as do art and language.
Sure Serve Process Servers is your best option for service of process and serving bank levies & wage garnishments in Sacramento, CA!
#thingswelearnedontwitter after WW I when nothing is left, an unknown hot bimbo will still follow me & send a url so we can chat.
thanks boo :) .
aren't you tired of being followed by people trying to sell some thing?
Texylicious!!!!!Yes! Next state....Ohio??
Fine if response is call 4 rule change. Doesn't cut making 1 guy fall guy for whole system. UW not exceptional.
Following in your footsteps,
Rage. Haha, that was "Oopsies" with a lisp :3
#NELAITS11 content vendors charging a small fortune for content subscriptions, but the same content is not usable through the app. bad!!
Friend showed up with a bottle of Vino! Don't I have lovely friends...
#StayAwayFromMeIf you don't like Chelsea Grin
Abigail is playing great #soccer tonight......but dang it's cold out here now. Maybe they'll let me play long enough to warm up a bit
Yes, and I knew that! Showcase was really great! Thanks, Eleanor
Upon hearing about the #Guild #Wars 2 pre-purchase, I momentarily lost the ability to speak and could only say "Hurr Durr!"
you're the BEST customer ever miss steph g
Lol I noticed people be in they feelins on twitter aw
and i feast when i conquer.
lol i was kinda serious.!!!
I never sweat tha small shit but that don't mean they won't....
Hey hey!
Tonight 7PM, Artist Talk featuring Joyce Y-J Lee '10 (Mount Royal).
Michael Jacson-Do you remember the time? When we first met...
do you remember the girl who lifted her shirt in seattle tacom? What was your reaction???
good seein u and ur boo how bout next time ur in the DFW u give me a ring
I wanna f*ck my iPhone 4... is that bad?
Looks like it's gonna be a long two months
Opp letdown... Come on karma..
Much Thanks Bon!! Hope you are well, been busy lately? Crazy busy here but its brilliant!! Hope to hear from you soon :)
hey you know when I asked your opinion on whether you could wait or not?! YA ME EITHER.
Good afternoon, Twitter. How you all doing today? -Jared
great night at the Dell Diamond, dollar hot dogs in the Bypass Lane
Met many interesting preservation professionals and heard lots of cool ideas yesterday. Thanks !
These young hoes let my size and color fool em... It's never that easy.. I put business before a lot.. But leap Bitch!!!! I'm 96.8% BLACK!
OptiMOSHprime i was singing that yesterday! Plus, im on mu way to the zoo now.
Bro all my bread is bouta go n to da #FMG company, videos nigga, n LOUIE V bro #iSwear lol.... #iSeeDaLite n
Can't wait until the Bulls get put out
BUFFALO. aka Darien Lake Center in New York
will be there in 10-15, save me some eh
yes i do lol all the time but some times i find them
so. . .seen any cars with no engines?
#WHM #PrincipalHighlight- Elise Feldman, who has created a campaign with her Partner to galvanize students of PS41 in SI to attend college!
... he's a singer from youtube.
Just whipped up a quick breakfast meal
Lmao no I don't xD
Planning a series of acrylic hand painted & airbrushed shaded versions of my characters. Going to be crazy-awesome and/or awesomely-crazy.
Vandals go up by 7 with 4:52 left in the first half. Score 48 to 41. Kings with the ball.
my world histry teacher did-can have him email u thoughts- edmodo easier more fluid- schoology had better static content features
RT : RT : What's the move for cardio after legs today?elliptical or stair climber << answer?
Like I wouldn't even want D rose on my team..
Not even for Micky Dolenz? Disappointment, my friend. Disappointment.
Gota b more productive
The girlfriend had a miricle yesterday. On the 32 anniversy of the greatest goal on earth Mike Eruzione walked into her office. Pretty Cool
Stupid Trump & show. RT : Do you think Star and NeNe can work out their issues?
I'm sure there's a story behind it, but I'm terribly confused by tweeting -- a lot -- about nothing but golf lately.
thanks babe!
Brushed metal finishes will hide finger prints & wear better than bright metal finishes
yeah I hope so, but after this concert he's probably not going to have another close to Ohio..
": Call our special line to hear all the videos you won't be able to watch!"
Is stoked! Had an audition as "Suburban Mom" for Transformers 3 yesterday! Woo hoo!
um yes, he NEEDS to be!!!!!! Can we have patio beers tonight and talk about the notes we got from a5
waving ~ got my '80s on over here..."The Heat is On" from Beverly Hills Cop
in Samburu village!! I'll be organizing donations to send to them- tell your friends!!
Please pray for Mike an employee who was rushed to hospital this afternoon & is now undergoing an 8 hr heart surgery.
Yes! See Meredith McGill's "Am Lit & the Culture of Reprinting." Also on "Eliz. Whitman & Her 'Disappointment'"
thank you! smiling IS fun!
even better! Lol!
INE. I'll cut you. YES im A Bitch But Thats MY <-- Mother Fuckin Baby <U+2665>
Haven't been on here in a while ;F
I'm not throwing shit at they ass lol
Lasagna. The breakfast of champions on this fabulous Singles Awareness Day! ;)
As a fake copyright holder, it pleases me that YouTube is so responsive to hilarious fake DMCA takedown requests.
. CUNY is pretty much a scared-straight program anyway : )
Anita, Thanks for the RT.
New ‘Garbage Pail Kids’ Movie on the Way via
Rain,rain, go away..come again...never....
Happy Valentine's Day!!! The best gift you can give your Love is a healthy You!
#BOOM RT : haven't been to for months. guess what? it's still fucking great.
Oh I totally plan on it! I'm doing fantabulous! lol :) Everything is finally good to go and I
SMH. RT "You guys want any beer, or maybe some cottage cheese" -odd combo for my friend to offer
... What a wonderful event. Wish we lived close enough to attend. Enjoy the beautiful art being auctioned!
Allergy to one member of a food family can mean allergy to other members of the same botanical family because of shared or cross-reactive...
I may not have "swag" but i sure know how to treat a lady
I really need to check the train tracker before i leave...
Falling asleep in class and waking up extremely confused and lost <
Implores women present to assist other women to get "promoted like the boys". Mentorship *IS* important.
Prepare to cringe in 3, 2, 1: RT : 50 million Americans haven't read a book in over a yr. As a business THAT'S our #1 problem.
He feels revolted if he saw or touched money
Thoughtful post by on HuffPo's new "libraries" page--hurting or helping?
happy Friday! Have you decided on the hotel yet? Need to get this wrapped up soon :)
Which is it? Horny? Or pancakes? OR *gasp!* HORNY FOR PANCAKES?!?!
has to admit he kind of enjoys the end of semester busy rush, reminds him of many caffeine-laden happy days.
i think i would know what i would like for my birthday a lapdance from you if that was ok but i still have 7 more months
There are no ordinary moments. There is always something going on.
"What's with all the rain?"
Went to Food lion with this bitch. C:
I hope everyone won't, but you may be right. In an age where most celebrities are rather lackluster, I want more competition.
Today's gonna be an awesome day, weather feels absolutely AMAZING that means windows open, Ghost Busters just came on, and decorating later!
Sold another copy of In the Mirror at the subway. The word is moving like crazy, all because I got up the nerve to give a woman a flyer.
I saw their truck when I was in LA. Tried tosnap a pic, but too late.
send me a link to your youtube and i will sub4sub right now ;D<333
HHHAAA, I shouldn't laugh me too.!!!
Murray hill theater !
You have 0 credibility. As do your lies.
Tyler Champagne becomes our latest booker with a commercial for Mercedes! WTG buddy!
TONIGHT: Closing Party feat. performances & food. Revealing Winner of 2012 Cherry Blossom Photo Contest!...
love you<3 (:
I will put you in my referral list. ;-)
In a meeting re: ebook philosophy in libraries. What do my library tweeps link about the philsophy behind adding ebooks to collections?
Selena see you're the girlfriend the Justin Bieber I you give her Phone number?
"bottle service" huh? meaning I can bring a bottle to the club owner then they sell it to a patron and I keep the difference in the price?
MI-4 is a good movie but War Horse deserves to be #1 and will be the movie that earns a Best Picture nod.
Exam in R.M.I. done, now two exams completely unrelated to my career on Fri/Sat, then off to training I go on Monday!
“: Stuck in NY. Gonna miss Bummer.” - haven't u earned a helicopter?
I will also be selling tickets at my Leadership games meeting. Taking Place from 7:00 p.m.-7:30 p.m. in Akers Hall Rm. 134 or Akers Aud.
If I don't look how you THINK I should look, look the other way.
always ! Welcome ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Also wondering if teachers like doing professional development during the summer?? #edtech,
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." Martin L uther King, Jr.
phew,thank of for that baby doorknob or I'd be fucked.
If you want the drama, dive all the way in. Don't half ass lol
I wonder what Chris thinks of Gianna fangirling about the other Boyz hahaha.
Tornado watch? I thought I moved out of the Midwest.
What ever you got hindng in the dark will come out in the light..peep game real talk it always does...you cant lie forever..
ok... i'm gonna start trying to use this twitter thing, its hard to do it on a regular basis!
the cook out was fun it was nice to see all the fam together its been a lil min.
okayy. Me either.
Just lovely, woken up by acid jolt to throat (from stomach)! Fortunately it was a fleeting one! Now that I'm awake, what to do?
Going over to hangout with #studydate...!
All done!
COME EARLY! LOTS of birthday parties arriving before 11! There WILL be an outside line!
I'm also teaching Divine Right's Trip by Gurney in my ENG 210W, later this semester. I should probably go meet Gurney.
Happy Mother's Day!!
my 2nd period teacher told us.
My beautiful voice >> Usher
Criterion for value is whether or not something adds to or advances the human condition--Ikeda, Soka Education.
I feel like something is missing.....
Stanley Tucci, breaking from ‘The Hunger Games,’ pleads for arts funding (via )
awee yeah his gnarly advice that he gave me a while ago helped!
#FridayReads - A Clash of Kings by George RR Martin. For some reason, this one is easier for me to get into than A Game of Thrones.
M, breakfast just the way I like it...made by someone else! ;) Now it's time to make the doughnuts at The Art Plant!
im bout to murder dat BRAVO JOHNNY!
Pouring outside!
WWE: Substance Abuse in Wrestling and Why Straight Edge Matters
am I me? Is Malkovich Malkovich?
So much to do...so little time! Maybe if I'd "TWEET" less, I would get the tasks done!.....Well maybe! Hm
Just joined Twitter! Finally stepping into the new age.
It's like all I've ever known just ended... I feel like I'm stuck in a huge black hole... Why...?
What's your favorite #running season?
Merry Christmas remember that Jesus is the reason for the season.
Big power comeback. Power win in OT
When people ask if I have kids, I spice up my answer by raising my hands to the heavens and screaming "I HAVE NO SON!!"
there have been articles written in decline of sciences after high school. Poetry could be the remedy to our sciences?
TGIF - can I get an "Amen" up in here?!
My thoughts about tomorrow>>>>
I need someone, or a few people willing to complete the million things on my bucket list over the next 20 years or so.
Would there be any more hilarious a time than watching that movie with him? I can't even imagine.
BREAKING NEWS: The Heat are up 2-0 on the Celtics.
Hey kids so its Jersey Mikes then tonight it's Industry (the old Area) across from 650 (the old Republic). Lol lots of things are a changin!
always for you dear
Hello. Good mornin.
Driving 5 hrs to Indianapolis just to run 13.1 miles because for some reason this race made my Bucket List. What was I thinking?
When the most talented team brings its A game, it wins. Unfortunately for Kansas, Kentucky is bringing it tonight.
exactly, many more would read it when it gets published as a book!
thanks for following. Sending you love from New York City. Congrats on your audition! : - )
I've loved sp since I'm just a kid came out! And when they were in ny min with the olsen twins! I need to see them again!
I've been practicing hip hop all day in my head omg
A whole month of tdf. I love July!
Loving the lineup for #OscarsOutdoors!! #RaisingArizona is definitely on my list! Oh who am I kidding, they all are!
The bulls look like garbage. Thank god it's only the second game of the season.
Met with new client Melloy Dodge today. We set up a comprehensive Internet Marketing program for their firm. Great folks!
Your team your company your logo! 702 510 9942
RT : Congrats to the (Mo Mavs) on the opening round #sweep #MoMavs <--Thank you!
My cousin doesn't sit on the toilet seat when she pees.
"Forget past mistakes. Forget failures. Forget everything except what you're doing right now and do it."--William Durant
KD just put Bynum in the blender
people who complain about something then go and do the same thing. congrats on fuffiling yourself to be a hypocrite.
Ah I see! Thanks for the info!
Learning requires lots of exchange and dimension.
v nice and thanks to mr mccray.
Off to for a #charcoal load up. I hope they didn't run out!
isn't she lovely , isn't she wonderful
Gosh darn you! Lol I just signed up for pintrest and I see you already had one. Any social site your NOT on? :P
Shoutout to for holding it down in the studio tonight!
why thable you the name says I am lol
NEW FEATURE: Precipitation (Snow / rain / etc) daily TOTALS are now in "forecast" and "forecast7day" API requests. Enjoy!
not quite sure I believe all of that. Tb on left would be annoying, but if it has a retina display… hope it still comes in matte
Come watch the final game of the year! Butler and U Conn! 6pm. Drink and food specials all night
name names!
I didn't go this year
Smallest things- can make you feel great if you allow them 2.
I'm grateful for airheads... They bring a lot of laughter
It's hard to believe that girls like you, love guys like me
Time to start researching NFL sunday - big day today
Is it weird that I always remember Leap Day as the day "An Extremely Goofy Movie" came out on video?
Hi Heather :)
Aren't you glad God loves you through the good & the bad! Thank God he didn't erase our future b/c of our past!! He alone is worthy!!
can you sen me your Email so I can sen you four of my best songs lets see if you like any
Thank you so much! :)
Having acute energy drink crash.
That's rough for someone who should be a junior in college. Not that he can't do it, but to say he should?
Halftime!!! Thunder up by 15
lol I know you want to!!!
Caffeinating to prepare for a day of archival processing!
duh. I can get down with that.
Spring break was lame
#GeekTrivia question from : Who was Captain Cold's sister, who also became one of the Flash's enemies?
I caught this 5 yr old lookin at my butt at my Sis rec I said lil boy ima tell ya momma
I'm running it this year...my first half. I'm now in the 'I have no desire to go out on a training run' stage.
Gotta love productive days
Hi! Thank you very much for the follow! :)
I just read, "Unofficial Grand Poobah" and got a chuckI had to share to break up my day. :-)
not a cloud in the sky!
What are your chip stacks? I want in on the LL, I only have 20500
Alright im leaving . Bye (:
Hanging out w/farmers from the Tremont Farmers Market at Lava Lounge.
Who knew?? The hidden image on cover of BORN TO RUN >>
Obama takes medication for his hip and for keeping his cock hard he can't work that cock anymore
....thats funny, cause i could have sworn your were tryin to get some last week..
Victorian Halls at Chicago's own Friday, Jan 27 with $7.
Happy hour Monday -Friday $1 off all taps and $2 rails. 4pm-7pm. Come out and visit us @ the Jade Monkey Bar!!
Looking good Green! RT : Dorian Green is featured on the CBB home page.
I don't know how my little brother can knock out in seconds and I'm just here forcing myself to go to sleep -.- the fuck.
Im gonna see the avengers soon!:)
I have to get used to this schedule. SUPER busy. holy moly!
COWBOY here
If I was your GIRLfriend I'd never let you go ;) <3
now following all
i'm looking at an angel (:
I may even go back to my fake name on twitter "JonBoyOhBoy". Most don't use their real names on here anyway
You keep calling them FAKE, yet you're still their friend.. so what does that make you ?
Never lose your sense of humor.
hey when I get back from Boston we will hang!!!! love you!!!
that's that motherly love :)
I'M SO SAD I MISSED HER.
does anybody knows who bought out washington national insurance company?
Convinced everyone to change the tv to Thir13en Ghosts. And is too scared to watch in the valley and is making up excuses.
McKiernan from - on outcomes of #highered...Quality of learning is impt on top of degree completion to meet
Privileged to hear sing at the famous Hotel Cafe tonight!
the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th pieces all had female performers. Still the ratio was less than general pop. True about the audience.
Also, Jesus didn't hang out with "Those in charge". What part of "Love One Another" do you not understand, Rick???
yes sir!
I don't mind the torrential downpours too much while camping in the backcountry...but it makes the shower and shave quite welcome once home.
Do my assignment for me? Explain the ALA’s position on Wikileaks or SOPA/PIPA and whether it's in accord with ALA’s professional ethics. Z
Good golly I dislike accidentally Tweeting misspelled words.
Why is angry birds so addicting ?
Sometimes, you just have to cry.
I hunt in Waushara county in Wild Rose!
i dont have her number
So today I took a friend on her first IKEA visit and then taught her how to make a necklace. Sensory Overload.
NATO is going on in Chgo this weekend. We have to be ready for bombings and stuff.
Unequivocally the best bad movie. Sam Elliot is a bonus. RT: Also, a young Sam Elliott! Holy carp.
Can't wait to head to the Indie Spirit Film Festival in Colorado Springs to screen my short film, "Just Like the Movies" !!!
DD wants to play multiple years. Cant blame him. Its gonna be tough for them. TT and MM have dodged that ?. Not good
Very happy to be #cofficing with and ! , but where is ?
I'll give them points for checking the book out of the library. :)
epic rebuttal for the W!
GOT MAJOR LOVE FOR MY PEOPLE SO IN SEEKING THE SECRET TO SUCCESS ONLY TO BRING IT BACK!!!
If you want to no something just ask!
Omg i cannot believe that girl wrote that about the boyz and vinny, it really bothered me... Cause she doesnt even support them
MSMQ: Modeling is a way to make explicit our assumptions about our premises.
Gotta ask: If you were to guest on the show, what sort of character would you want to play?
Anyway, that's it. NO MORE DOLLS. (Until awesome new ones come out.)
Tomorrow starts a new week... What are your goals?
Alright . Ima about to go make some hitz . Any rappers in miami wana work , Hit me up .
don't worry boys I told him he was wasting his time/ I'd have to be crazy to wear that considering how badly we crushed the pens last night
When the train stop this time ima catch it
#shakeitup is such an UNREALISTIC show!!!!!! if there newbies back up dancers........why are they always on and in the center or front -_-
No one can ever TAKE away our personal power but we tend to give it away in order to conform and be accepted.
how do bands apply?
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 2
I'd really like to see models for large-scale digitization... went to a session about this at SAA, but still need more info
That's a Cream Ale. We haven't ventured into cream ales yet over here. Cheers!
Isn't it AWESOME?!
Eew. Weather, you're so English today.
Dont know how much time has passed, oh god it feels like forever.
Inspiring and at the same time makes me want to hide in an old library.
This is exactly how I felt last night. I was literally hating everything, so I just cried for awhile. Feel better love, <3!
Agreed to make homemade pierogi for Easter brunch. Any suggestions on recipes or technique?
Anyone else think Dr Pepper tastes like flat Cherry Coke? Ugh.
this is a good decision. See everyone the week after next.
mitch!!! You should be on tarp crew :) haha
I just saw that was replaced by Layla. Hopefully Beth gets a speedy recovery to again Dominate the
its usually not this late in the year
hi dwayne wade....your my number one idol in miami heat.....god bless you.....
lol, yeah, i landed it. thanks for following me
thanks for the #followfriday love! #twitterhug!
thoughts on commercial last night? moved to tears or not very impactful?
Nope, but I have a copy. Don Ho singing "Shock the Monkey?" gold I tell ya!!! Guess again... He has a radio show on 1180
Ur the biggest fucking pussy that can't stand up to some one who's smaller than u are u fucking lil pussy bitch u know who i'm talkin bout!!
lol come make me! So much Fun this weekend w u xoxox
Watching this #Heat game! Cmon boys lets do this!
In the night, the stormy night, she closed her eyes.
it shouldn't, but you can login to Hover and check the settings.
Text Spam - is there anything more annoying?
Hey, Neph, thanks for the shout out. Good to hear from you.
RT : opinion mining via machine learning techniques that exploit syntax and word vector properties.
those creepy crawlies are no joke.
I did yeen call me fattycakes
St. Louis bound!!
Mariners/A's in Japan. It's like MLB is trying to alienate the entire country.
I think you are a complete asshole and as mayor you suck big time get rid of the fucking snow asshole
I know right, I miss kieth sweat, and jodeci man.
I am a rom com junky just playing y'all
Hello Elizabeth, are you also the member of Parenting community ?
Thanks & Kate Harlson for a great show! Our next show will be next Wed. Jan., 25th featuring Chris Frasco & Brother Nature, 7pm!
You're not funny, you're annoying. There's a difference.
In case you missed it, free member ticket reservation for Wednesday's game vs. Portland is under way at JoinSporting.com.
Fate is for those too weak to determine their own destiny.
what it do
im pullin out my dress tho just in case lol
Bring back the Denim-from-head-to-toe look! AND the corn rows!
a few drams of single malt are a great cure for hiccups.
When ppl. get arrested, why do they start running their mouth. Telling the police everything. Wake the fuck up, they put it in there report.
saw him there...alas, no interview! :-(
CAN YOU SKYPE RIGHT NOW???
..Cirque du Soleil was in the store Sunday night. and they sang. there's video proof on the blog: www.johnsarahjohn.tumblr.com
Putting together a 'Lindsay gets domestic against every fiber of her being' mix. Song ideas?
Thanks, Ginny. Happy Wednesday! :)
RadioBedlam is what we call our #openmic #Belltown every Tuesday at 7pm
The latest lingerie fashion trend? Show your “bretelles”(straps)!
You'd be surprised. DC Caps have sold out every game for the past few years.
There is 5 amazing guys that have my heart<3
We have liftoff! Jackie's 2nd baby tooth just fell out :)
I wuvvvvv you
Aye...but still grateful I woke up...somebody somewhere didn't
It was a crazy process but here we are-open for business daily from 10 am to 7 pm!
you were on fire tonight! Great job! Awesome win
Graduated college last night with my wife It's been a long time coming but the past few years have been a lot of fun!
Omg! Wendy's has bomb a$$ signature sides! and I are going in!
Wow, if u were from Oregon, there is no way possible u would be that tan! Unbelievably Beautiful!
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well. ~ Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Real women are secure with themselves. No man can tear them down & they don't need to talk down on another woman to bring themselves up!
We're accepting donations for Toys for Tots from Dec.1st-15th, Bring in any new unwrapped toy and recieve a voucher for 15% off any service!
now UR talkin bro! DO IT!!!
My heart rate is off the charts right now! And I low key want the POTUS and Olivia to end up together. Judge me.
jordan schwank touched our teachers ass.....awkward.
Happy Thanksgiving! TND is spread across America an Canada to be with family today. First up for me; Macy's Parade and a bowl of cereal! ~AZ
#Empire is a family
Sell Your Home Smarter When the real estate market is a roller coaster, a homeowner has to sell your home smarter not harder. The average
I may just be a bit too much of a masochist.
A lie is a lie is a lie is a lie..
A shield of moderate to heavy rain is pushing its way across NJ and will for the next few hours.
Going to Dancing WithThe Stars on Monday! Look for me! I'll be front row on the floor :)
Taj Mahal for authentic Indian cuisine...Central Expressway. My senior mom thought the house wine was toxic however.
#CorporateGreed: Is there an app for that? #VeriGreedy stop slamming workers who want a fair contract.
sup home slice hows it hangin
okay guys i have a bay area directioner emergency
Awesome Monday coming home. No traffic and making it on sched for oil change.
I don't think you realize the power you have over me. The way just one word from you can make me feel amazing...or like crap
going to see adventureland tonight. can't believe i haven't seen 'i love you, man' yet.
TOMORROW! 4:30pm, W Market & Springfield: Daily Peoples Campaign Marches to Observe Anniversary of epic Montgomery Bus Boycott!
Feeling very sleepy. How am I going to make it through P90X2 Plyocide tonight?
Fingers crossed!
Good morning, world. Thanking God for waking me up today.
What are your heckler plans? Why am I asking? <.< No reason...
And a special thx to all the staff and volunteers that helped donate sweat and time 2 make this a grt event!
Potter allocated -16 coins in Mario Party, yes you read that correctly, NEGATIVE 16!
getting ready to lead a training for my fantastic marketing team! Looking forward to seeing everyone!
Twitter Wuz Good
=) thank u!!!! I will tweet this now. =) GREAT JOB love it!!!
CoreLogic: Housing and Economy Looking Up; Judicial Foreclosures a Hurdle
Damn that tomasos hit the spot.
runners on 2nd and 3rd with no outs and the #Brewers get no runs...
NUMB! LEGGGGGO!! MAN.
Got lost for the first time...better get used to that! :)
aww what did he say?
Come enjoy our famous Chicken Fettuccine: Chicken sauteed with onions in a roasted red pepper sauce tossed with spaghetti.
Wait till yall see my summer swagg niggas really gon hate me
Tyler, the creator >>>
Wheels up in less than 12 hours! Look out Britain - America's favorite Pirate Cheesehead is on her way!
will do thanks!
A metallic pen! (I think lol)
tweet tweet :)
Appreciate the RT Thanks!
In the "UM community" line for commencement tix. Long morning so far, and easily the longest line I've ever seen at UM for anything.
Happy Birthday.!!!!!
If I won $650,000,000 then I would buy 650,000,000 lottery tickets so I would then win $1,300,000,000 then repeat yea that's it
Tomorrow! Redamte Benefit w/ Juneau, Fighting Aurora, Here for the Moment at The Loft!
We are proud to be working with a Charlotte-based e-payment company, VPCard. More details to come!
I'm so excited to see my nephew.
Lebron returns to Cleveland tonight....What's your take on the game tonight?
Time will see us realign, diamonds rain across the sky, shower me into the same realm.
no for realsies, i'm totally in lol.
Today's Feature: Tempura Fried Chicken Club w/ bacon, L,T,O & smoked garlic aioli Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash or Thai Watermelon
Visiting the US Space & Rocket Center on President's Day.
you are so lucky man!
is up! (: I love my RLE boys. #friendsmakesecrets See what I did there? (;
congrats sir!
Work till 10 and Trig test tomorrow are not a good mix
I don't believe that!
Totally agreed. Really a drag.
Was freaking out a little at Lowes when my bank card was declined. Thank God they were wrong. I haven't been spending that much money!
Antawn Jamison now sidelined at least 5 weeks.....this season has been bad, but everyone forgets the team hasn't been healthy all year.
Come Check out Starboy Studios Here in Miami Gardens BOOK NOW!!!! 305 627 3216
You GO Robert! You are the BEST! I love
Being interrogated
Didn't remember Kane County being a #Royals affiliate, so I looked it up. Cougars joined KC farm system in 2011. This is 4th MLB affilliate
good idea! ill pass that idea along to the kicken!
Hi Sarah Did you get the links for the outreach projects OK?
Is my real cousin
Miami is not in Arizona.
Day 2 at sea, we have arrived at our test sites and scientists are conducting various experiments to understand the effects of the bp spill.
In the dr whit. Baby
Hey, Chrome: The “Aw, Snap!” message that appears after I have to kill a page is heinous.
in your terms murdering infants in their sleep has been a dandy negotiating tactic - huh? You
hi im in love with you and if your setting up a meet n greet in nyc i cn talk to planet hollywood for you if you want? dm me
boat was last night. Was big hit. Really amazing weather which made it better. Warm (70's) with gentle breeze. Awesome
"Eloquence is a painting of the thoughts." - Blaise Pascal
awesome! Thank you :D
"Html Validator is not available for MacOSX." :(
JP + RT...living, breathing youngest children.
Q2 Introduce them to the different kinds of librarians - PL, medical, etc. Maybe show them the Librarian Wardrobe Tumblr?
Haven't you figured out that I think that every available FA would be a good fit for the Pats?
Congrats to you and on the Edward R Murrow awards. Great honor for deserving folks.
I'm super excited for tonight and tomorrow.
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. -E. Nightingale
Bigger suitcase please??
btw, how are the lines at the Apple Store? I wanna go get one later today but a little scared. ;)
The country is embroiled in a fight for the promotion of what is known as “healthy” eating. But what is healthy eating?
Fredi said no and the #braves get out to a 2-0 lead in the first.
A big #followfriday to She's new to twitter, very smart, and lots of fun. Let's make her feel welcome!
I wanna day drink..is that a problem?
GAME DAY EVE FOR #UTSA. WE MISSED YOU!
All hail for his #DevLearn curation magic.
oh my god!! Really!!! I can't wait to see it!!! :D so excited!!
Last night at The Players Theater. The show is about to start!!!
yea of course :)
thanks for the inclusion!
Good win #SFGiants ...Now lets keep the W's coming!!!!
I play saxophone. #whatcanyoudo? Trend it!
I'm a leg man, myself [takes facemask off to reveal giant leg protruding from neck]
#Jetlag=the worst. Extremely lazy and craving #BulldogBurger in the worst way. please hurry home so we can get our grub on!
FOLLOW MEH PLEASE??
has heard NE Patriots are considering bringing back Randy Moss if they lose against NY Jets! Not good news for
RT : The Total Economic Impact of Microsoft Office 365: As with any critical business decision, organizati......
I have seriously spent my entire day buried in
Hitting steam room to get mind right then heading to Harrahs to play event 1.
My 4,300 tweet goes to all my friends, and I don't know what I would do without you guys!
The new flavor of peace tea >>>
: "use the lightening presentation format to give the students the info in the 5 min format"
Should we start the campaign now? Variety full page ad - For Your Consideration to Host
I hope & have fun at their senior prom tonight! I better get a picture...
of course not. #havefun (:
Get #FollowMeConnorFranta to trend! Come on!
Did you hear Jeff Collins this morning- Who is planning on coming in and asking Donna and Amanda to do what he said? Can't make it-...
how is business?
will your music be released in America too..? Please :)
Even the babies rockin
HEY IM WRITING OUR SONG YOU SHOULD AT LEAST LIKE ME FOR THAT. even though i have to because its for school.
Want more information about social media management and how it can help your small business? Consultations Available! Contact
Chubby girl wants. Now.
JTP is about to blow alot of minds! So much Talent, Amazing Songs and Amazing team!!! JTP!!! Singles Coming Outta Everywhere Soon!! JO-WAYNE
Want to Improve Your City? There’s an App for That -
I'm addicted to fitness incentive. I'm depressed that I can't go today.
Great first day of Virginia Elite AAU basketball workouts yesterday. New and Old faces appeared on the court, looking forward to next Sat!
Girls wit naked avatar pics prolly look like #precious in real life
Thnx for all your messages and support really im so proud of what we've all done !!
Your lifecoach told me you should check out Vitality asap! Let me know if u're interested. www.vitalityoverview.com
GUITAR HERO IS SO
If you are interested in writing, craft, and publishing, you really have to follow
I saw a few several out here. I'm going to try and visit one.
feels good don't it? My ass is in Cali this Tuesday to the 31st. Oh yeah ! Then u of I till school starts.
Staying on-line tonight to help students polish up their research papers via our Ning site. Do others do this with/for their students?
my phone wouldn't turn on! Hello Mercury retrograde-technology snafus, delayed travel, car problems, confused communications. Ends Dec. 13th
Aww...I assumed you two would be working on a joint production. Still good though
Club world is a disgrace to be calle business class, even Turkish airlines do a better job, BA, too expensive for second rate service.
Funniest part of post-season interviews was someone asking him if he feels he's become too much of a bully.
I feel like a 78 year old grandma for being tired already.
im jus confused
To all that are in the storms path please be safe!
Teams are well aware of Dempster's skills, the W isn't necessary for trade value.
School school school
Grilled cheese! RT : Haha that's super funny!
STRANGER DANGER
Boycott Happiness is Pets pet store. They sell puppies from puppy mills that have distemper.
It occurred to me as things are slowing down that its always much better when your around
Good info here. Thanks for the follow.
Starting this Thursday, be sure to stop by Champions Pub Milwaukee and donate a non perishable food item! Thanks for your support!
It would be nice if, for once, my co-workers would let me know when there is large equipment problem.
Cherish every single moment for its unique offerings Kell. The good news is, they turn into cool adults.
You have a monkey? I have always wanted a golden or emperor Tamarin. I undertsand they need a lot of attention though.
is a horn dawggg
rule#1 of vintage shopping: never put it down.
is pretty cool. Survey/review system for builders/contractors/etc.
I think everything is alright now....hopefully :/
it does not take away my bitterness!
Belly button rings take awhille to heal smh ...
I'm happy Raul got a HR to kick off his season. I'm even happier to see Rivera be 0-1 for saves so far.
Chicken Quasadillas in the oven :)
Great seeing all my Zeta Chapter brothers last night. Y'all are all still crazy.
Here comes Kevin Gregg... there's hope still in Boston.
hello stranger
We're all in this together.
My body is a cage that keeps me from dancing with the one I love. My mind holds the key
up early for a little 5:30am yoga *yawn* but we know we'll feel amazing after!
Congrats! #jhudc it never rains in CA ;) now go hit up La Jolla for me!
Its great to just be alive I'll thank god everyday for that it's like everyday is beautiful when I'm thinking about you
Better to be independent and healthy than to settle for someone just because of some perceived age milestone.
Thank you for following Brain-iac! LOL cb
Gratitude is the open door to abundance. - Yogi Bhajan
you there for AM or PM??
I love when good music blows my mind.
worst television coverage in the history of the final four in these last 3 seconds
Hey, thanks for following!
Congrats buddy. Where at? You around glenview tonight?
no don't delete
You know you're in biking withdrawal when you accidentally choose biking directions in Google Maps and your heart sinks.
#FEDUP Guys, get congress 2 CUT UNNECESSARY CORP WELFARE & debt ceiling NOT need to be raised NEARLY AS MUCH! That's 30-40+ BILLION/year
Live streaming NTEN's conference in the Nonprofit Center!
of course. :)
hahaha damn these spammers on twitter are gettin lazier and lazier! "new porno online!"
Getting ready for bed :) have biology ECA test tomorrow ! :p
Omg the closed the fence right behind me 0.0
I'm ready to go back to Florida. Something about being by the ocean gets me!
Put your paws up!
Break legs!! RT : Catch me in tonights show of tour in chi-town.
Lonnie who? JACK MANNAHAN! What a diving stop, and a beautiful throw as well!
"I can't wait to meet him in heaven." - in reference to Morgan Freeman
the only thing I can see in my rearview mirror is me, hahaha.
the NBA games are flawless. The online is not. Unlinke madden for years it has been hard to connect to other gamers.
I don't follow you, and you don't follow me but your taste in music is perfection.
got #singleladyproblems ? Come check out our show for free! Allthesingleladiesshow.eventbrite.com
How disappointing. So those bat wings were just a sham? RT The Demon does not do bats. Flying rats. Disgusting.
well, one of many reasons.
Thank you! And thanks for your support!!!RT“: Congrats on an amazing show Pride!! You all were fabulous!!”
: That sounds AWESOME--as in "inspiring awe".
#FF to our musicians! and - thanks everyone!!
I wouldn't call it cheating, just using the tools at hand. That's how I got my current icon. But still looking for better.
Mike + Molly are here. Most underrated show in the air.
Our team just won first place #SWMadison ... Absolutely crazy to be part of such a wicked smart group of people this weekend.
Children with ADD have been found to have better focus & concentration when they are allowed to play outdoors in green spaces
Your source for unfinished Brazilian Cherry, Tigerwood & Brazilian Teak.
Watching My wife and kids!
#IfYouWereSmart you'd follow ;)
And you? How is everything? How was the multilingual reading?
yayyy! Can't wait to see u in 3 days OMG :))
You must have had some Starbucks coffee this morning.
BRING IN A TANK! I'LL SELL THE FUCKIN THING!!! RT : "Let's talk about selling cars, Paul."
Oh yes.
Jon Lester will start Opening Day for Boston. Josh Beckett will start home-opener at Fenway Park.
What are you doing up so early mayn?
I just spent a wonderful morning and afternoon learning Thai home cooking with culinary genius #Su-Mei Yu.
Thanks for the follow - glad to know you!
Clones are people two.
Another class with a hashtag! For all #pq499 followers, time to jump on the #jour462 bandwagon for comm. law related tweets!
RT great service tnight w a high-maintenance crew! best server is Rose, who knows my beer &has the cutest ears:)
im Never on this btw :)
lol next time we in it boo, when I get my promotion it's crackin!
The only benefit to running a "clean" campaign is to win that small segment of persuadable indy voters. You will never (1/2)
I think I swallowed some plastic .. oops
i feel like this bad qirls season was honestly really short .
No one ever walks amok. They always run. Always.
I was too until I OD'd on them haha oh well can never have enough garlic in my book!
good plate approach by Rupp on 3-1 count. "look for a fastball up in the zone". he got it and parked it.
ok crap! didn't realize that was part of deal! :)
any chance Sinatras food came in?
It's so nice out.
go Giants!!!!
Thank you sweet (:
As a parent, block out 15 minutes a day to play one-on-one with your child — doing anything he or she wants.
How do you like it?
On my channel..."TELL CREAM" CREAM/QUEENZ FINEST ON YOU TUBE...NAME creamzdtruufcheekz
hi nisha, how are you?
Thanks sweet lady!
yes i love cincinnati reds baseball
4 mile walk with , brunch at grill, then laundry, job hunting and errands...
no it doesn't!!! Lol I love it here :)
Today:1. List every digital project that needs to be done and prioritize. 2. Break into stages, budget time, ID benchmarks. 3. Weep softly.
I'm going to come and visit you tomorrow at the pool
At the bestfriends dance recital<3
SB45 Biz Lesson # 30: Celebrate your wins!
GLUTEUS TO THE MAXIMUS RT : LEGGINGS THAT HAVE LEG MUSCLES ON THEM. LIKE, ANATOMICALLY CORRECT.
bet $1,000,000 on it! i got ca$h in hand! PORTLANDS COMING OUT OF THE WEST!
does it involve girls kissing girls in parking lots?
Thers something seriously wrong with a society that only watches animated or comic book character movies. Thats what video games do to brain
Thank you so much for the compliment follow me on ,let's keep in touch!
One Direction on SNL!!! YaaY!! :-D
it is very stinky. No doubt about that.
Breakin bitches off
Out of the other 24 artist at the show we got another show n its on 4th July. That has to say sumthin. Idk
So proud of the + friends team working on at
NIkon D7000, no better deal on the market right now for a mid level SLR. Nikon D90 ain't bad either
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam: I looked into the soul of another boy.
James harden
It must be new biz Wednesday at Inc. A new client signed and two requests for proposals in one day!
I wanna talk two my man toniqht.! But idk
They are: Greg Frewin, Carl Cloutier, Juliana Chen, and Shawn Farquhar...who trecentled fooled Penn and Teller on British TV. (next tweet)
Drinks at Saddle Ranch with the best!
I'm obviously too pretty for you.
Mickelson looking good early. -1 after 2 holes. Lefty on the move.
You're very welcome. We're here to serve! RT : thanks for the quick and informative response guys!
Obama to Business: "Ask what you can do to bring jobs back to your country. And your country will do everything it can to help you succeed."
Happy Birthday to my little sister Veronica Brown!!!! I LOVE YOU!
Its over we got j.r smith on the knicks that=2012 nba champions im so hype right now
Did we unfollow each other by an accident or was it a Twitter glitch? I see that you blocked me. Hmm. Any reason?
-____- he better go, so I can kick his ass.
Insisting on who is behind the keyboard is a woefully limited line of inquiry about Anonymous as a social and cultural force.
i just pulled up the video feed of the game, and hey, we tied it up. way to go boys.
lets stop the bs and get it poppin.
With b and sheek...they crazy...lol
and when i'm famous you'll be like yeahh i uh..knew her ahahahahah
Arrested or cited?
I want to go back to the days when Devon Sawa and JTT were the teenage heart throbs.
ok thank you!
$$$BRGO LOOKING TO BOUNCE, RSI WAY OVERSOLD, 12M FLOAT!!!!
Who's excited about the #HeatWave coming this week!!
I watched all Pirates games, but they were bad for other reasons. They seem to miss really key moments during these hockey games
we will! I promise we're working it! We'll be doing more online chats/acoustic performances on our Ustream, too!
We found several unfinished rough mix recordings of songs we never released. Can't wait to share them...if we can polish them up a bit.
so did you hit back?
haha i know!
maybe we need 2 co-write a blog/article abt it?
"Social Problems" with Roby this summer = fun-filled, learning adventure in critical thinking!
he's incredible, he's sexy, he's gorgeous, he's hot, he's he's talented, he's cutem he's seventeen, he's justin bieber ~ Pyper
RT : Content marketing needs to evoke emotion ora take away value. "don't be so vanilla" love that
Calling it an early night! Resting up and spending time with the hubby! Goodnight friends! Enjoy your evening! Sweet Dreams!
yeah it's that kinda night>
"We needa talk.."
now just cruise into happy hour! :)
Where'd you order them from?
thank you so much!! <3
I went to this game at northside
Feedback 4rm the team said the PG spot played really good. But I'm never satisfied with that position. We have a lot 2 work on @ that spot.
only 40% R reported in US, then only 6% of rapist ever serve a day in jail. THIS IS MORE OUTRAGEOUS THAN NEW TSA STANDARDS
I agree. If I see them in a register, I'll ask for them. At gun point.
Easter for Italians is almost like Thanksgiving with the amount of food provided already And it's tomorrow!
Imma tell u what that Stoudemire guy...wow! Can u say BIG!!!
It looks so blurry on here its so crisp on my computer! :P
no truer words...
Awesome man I'll keep an eye open. I'll check it out wherever you guys play.
I think mobile is first -
Posted up at a local downtown spot in between running around. Doing a little research as well.
Dear Trader Joe's - please open up a grocery store near my house.
possibly. What does it need to include? Lol
I'm jefa at Monopoly
. Hate that you're havin a beverage right now watching A-Rod homer, & I'm at work chasing clients. This is NOT consistent w/
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third
Our #caregivers are all #HireSafe accredited which means their backgrounds have been thoroughly checked
so true
I'd like to think at least things can't get any worse.
I always say indeed. I'm proud of myself. It makes you sound smart. I look like a teacher with glasses O.o
A pastoral Saturday - how lovely!
you're writting the next brief...
Isn't it crazy the things we say we will never do , we end up doing?
sorry Nate nothing compares to tootsie rolls
"So, Green Lantern is in the Avengers, right?" - An adult in the toy aisle at Target, as overheard by yesterday.
That looks amazing!
Who wants limited edition "16-Love" Lindsey Shaw swag?
Sending out info to session leaders re slide submission later this week. Will post any resources we receive to the session pages!
walking my shift. passing a coffee shop, a flower shop, a hot dog stand, all on the infield.
yes! ive just watched it
Open windows. Warm breeze. Perfect Sunday.
Well duh, thick girls always have plump pussies..."-Rube Sheeber
I need to finish my hair when I get back
how good did I look yesterday going to class?
I think Jake Rogers, the kicker for Cincy hates me though we've never met. a 13 yd punt and a missed fg in the 1st? or maybe he just sucks.
SUPER CUTE AND FAST. I'M IN. #MINIbesttestdrive For you Larisa! :)
love it!!! Lol
Congratulations to DjokerNole....great job this time,srry Fed messed up your French Open.
Can't wait to come back and see you Aai Aai
"Internet liberal" like "armchair quarterback"? (I used "armchair psychologist" other day but they actually do sit in chairs.)
....lol i would have to show you in person..
"Stop dreaming and strategize" -
lmao I see u still sexy as hell
is #winning at the
coach, we need you to cheer harder for the
before i had 64 followers now i have 79 i love u all so much even the ones who didnt follow me i love all
how is the 'night before opening day' dinner going? :)
Its a pretty simple design. A hose with a release valve attached to a small air compressor. Glad you liked the sneak peek! -JO
oh, I HEART the zombie engagement photos!!
Steve I'v adopted Soc Media in Bus. Please send desk copy to C Wankel, Mgt, St John's U, 8000 Utopia, Jamaica NY 11439 USA
Correct answer! Have fun in ATX!
Just ate leftover Ethiopian food and cried. I'm a spice wimp. I blame my parents.
figure out wat outcome u wont before u do something .. Its always only 2
let me know how that goes at Mac.. Wtf did u do anyway?
Hard to sneak a piece of cheese by a hungry rat
Is their a more clutch player in any sport than Kobe Bryant? Name one.
Yea, it's messy - but so worth it!
Good morning to two awesome chaps -- Raised cups to you both <__>3
Tgif!!! Happy Friday everyone!
hold up cuz...I a tell u Tuesday
Need my car asap!
The phantom of the opera is there <U+266B> ... woooooh Stepinac, you are GOOD. I'd watch it a third time... too bad it's over :-(
We're accepting advertising proposals to put your ad on our apps! Lmk if interested! Thanks
eh... I would much rather be back in the Chi. Are you going to be in Detroit next year?
hell no lol..only way that would happen is if its with my husband
Need a little live music in your life? Jeff Campbell, and Keith Moody will be here Tuesday May 8 for a night of live music. May 8 $5
RT : Hell yeah!!
Discover Yahoo! With Your Friends - Yahoo! Sports (blog)
What is a cynic? A man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing. ~ Oscar Wilde
Haven't used it myself, but WordPress is all the rage right now. It's more than a blog site; you can build websites w/it too.
whatchu said you pregnant??? It ain't mine
so many answers...but what is the question?
meet That's where I got my awesome bag (and plan to get more - sorry I'm slow, Austin!).
Wrapping up #MothersDay with a massage and a martini.
there's one on etsy, but my district apparently BLOCKS etsy, so I couldn't look at it...
and 4 days<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Your shits getting old.
I'm not smart, i'm just not an idiot.
Life is a fresh cup of coffee and a 3rd Series Arden
Print subscribers to the Sunday Times, don't miss the final page of the Book Review today! The bookshop door glamour shot is fantastic.
i swear. i have some of the weirdest stuff ever.. haha. my armpit keeps twitching!!
Oh your doing laps across my head this morning really complimented my 2 hours of sleep. No idea how parents manage kids. None
you fucking better!!!
Velez gets thrown out at home? He looked safe to me
Happy March Madness! Be on the lookout for our bracket contest as soon as the Sweet 16 is here.
Happy Birthday
Cah-lee-for-neeah escucha estamos en la lucha. But it's not what you think. Hispanics r getting duped by the Dems.
To be honest, I did - you rock RaRa! :-)
yes email
Signs, signs, everywhere there r signs... Belmark homes, Attic Secrets on 76th!
Ha! I love it. That's HUGE!
SO DID I. & I don't even wear them anyways. HAY, that might be why I still have then. DUR MACKENZIE. <U+E404>
Astronomical I’m phenomenal Money doing flips, I’m talking summersaults
#LastTimeIChecked it was friday & im free to do whatever <U+E011>
:D you rock
2 years at Adobe/Day Software though 7+ years on the CQ platform [not like i know much] #work Yippie to me!
Cards should see if Schumaker can throw like a pitcher? He sure bats like one.
No-the last time I went there was to use the parking lot for the
Just read ANOTHER authoritative sounding "social media consultant" babbling away about keeping Tweets to under 140 WORDS.;-)
I can honestly notice a difference from last week though:)
Just getting better and better
Seriously what is up with this "nerd" look guys rock ... Why would u ever rock vans over Js? Fuckkn la gear light ups are better.
I think ima go to this Northeast Grautuation later. Idk
This is it...the good Doctor's final hour approaches. Wednesday 8:30pm - we will do our best not to turn anyone away.
That's cuz u the female deer doe RT ": I love my boys doe!"
"…this race has degenerated into an onslaught of negative and personal attacks not worthy of the American people." - John Huntsman.
Dude... that ain't nuthin'... Imagine if he'd asked on venue w/ less than 160 characters to respond in!!!
Officially completed my first year of college and I get to spend time with and <3333
and EJ must be on our timeline!
Hi :) My mom made homemade chilli last night and we had it tonight for dinner. :)
Please forward this on FB, Twitter and email to everyone you know. I will be in contact
Days 25 & 26 of #missingmilwaukee go to my fellow Postdoctoral Fellow I'm so glad we did this thing together.
I can handle most weather, but this curly hair of mine loathes rain. Be gone, devil weather!!!
At in and out burger with
Ooh buying fresh tortillas from the factory.
at simmons? Yes. They've never graduated a dude.
Heeyyy twitter!!(: Tweet me?(:
I miss you #Whitney <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Insanity: a perfectly rational adjustment to an insane world
aw *tear*
The blanket lady was at work today and had like three transactions!!! :(
Sometimes you gotta live mas
they are hiding something this story doesn't make sense.
that will affect him throughout his life. Seems a little strange for a parent to willingly inflect that on their child
follow, back
Stadium bill gets out of Taxes Committee without recommendation on a 7-6 vote, to Senate floor
Most definitely! I'll wrangle up some of the rickshaw drivers too!
From more than 200 brothers of the Eta Lambda Chapter, we wish all of our friends and supporters a very Happy Thanksgiving!
deviant dales India pale ale now pouring.
Note to self: Even if I think my phone's camera is in the right direction, it's not.
Limbaugh - the guy who can't get laid so he gets drunk and calls all the girls who won't sleep with him fat
Kamaki needs to stop looking at us... Why does it matter when girls tweet... Thats just what we do !
When the Guy you are texts you back quickly could be a sign he is in to you
High school football season is almost here! I can't believe my brother is a senior!
,Good morning my friend, I just had my second surgery and recovering very well
#FF Tweets I actually read (theme?):
Judah train inbound is packed
I miss you ;) x
Thanks for the shout out, ! And congrats on a fine argument in front of US Supreme Court last week!
good idea
This post needs to be everywhere in can be posted! Thank you!
2 spots left! RT : Just signed up for storytelling classes Your Twitter feed is about to get a whole lot sexier.
#iReallyHateWhen people can't #StopBraggingAbout how good Fred West tuna is!
Lifehack: A tool or technique that makes some aspect of one's life easier or more efficient. Do you have any?
its wat we needed so im not mad...coulda got somebody better...
LOL i kno nigga. Where there is Z, there is always pics n video
Send the question to the man with the plan they just put out additional info re-jobs in April
Don't under tip a waiter just because the food is bad, he didn't cook it.
Your welcome
There was talk a year or so ago—maybe on fedora-dev—of storing repo data in HDFS. They’re probably using Hadoop, too.
Big things are coming... we can feel it.
What is the speed of dark?
I would just like to mention my party up all night sister went to bed at 8:30pm tonight.
I hope so. Never can tell though. And yes, you go have cupcakes.
Any parking tips on driving into Downtown CLE Thurs morning for the Tribe game?
Right on Time by Maze is like a therapy session. Love it.
White girls get pregnant and get their own season of 16 and Pregnant but when Black girls get pregnant they get 30 minutes of Maury."
Where exactly does Kloppenburg think she's going to find 7,000 votes? A MS Access database in Madison? Get real.
No man in his right mind would touch Duke or UNC after Williams or Coach K. Top-5 coaches? Yes. Jobs? Absolutely not.
I can eat whatever I want, whenever I want... There's nothing like a home cooked meal. :(
Gonna Rock Tomorrow
This sh*t blasted off to 2011 HA HA! Rocca Bar let's go!
Sitting in my new club house my bros and I made. It's looking legit.
Dark Magic.
Apparel Magazine just selected us as one of the “Top 40 Innovators” in the industry! Keep an eye out for a profile on us in their May issue.
When Chalmers gt more points then Wade and Lebron Combined ..... you know this is some bullshit!
lay your heart down, the end's in sight; conscience begs you to do what's right
appreciate you coming 2 campus to support students/entrepreneurs. Thx!
All of NY's wearing their sportscolored sportsclothes for the big sportsparade.
Previous longest bike ride - roundtrip Edmonds, Burnaby to UBC 34 miles. Today Sheridan Beach to Redmond back to Cap hill 37 miles. New PR!
Never mind.
U WANNA RUMBLE WIT DA B# HUH!
No problem, voodoo app? Too funny and I agree lol And thank you for doing the same! ;) Thanks for the advice, I didn't forget-
I find surbaban libraries more relaxing than city ones. Last time I was at a downtown library, I was hit on by a young man with no teeth.
My 3-week break from coffee started this morning. And now the detox: lack of caffeine headache has set in. Ugh.
Clearly working to support my yarn habit. But the fiber festival was fun...
Look for Terri's Tuesday Tweets with Transform 2012 Conference Discounts
Weekend starts in about 9 hours! Dinner, Brewers Game & Being taken care of :)
We are based in San Francisco, but the website we hope to grow into a global community! Please join to be first in Cleveland!
It's 60 degrees out and I just saw a man bundled up in a winter coat. AreColoradans are getting weak??
A blind squirrel found a nut!
fantastic. We were taking about you tonight ahah. That works b. I have a research paper due Monday that I gotta work on toolol
Nothing ass me
So tired. Why am I not in bed yet? "Silly old fart, late nights are for kids."
can't wait!
doing State Testing at school today...didn't know the answer. I turned in to a #Gladiator & kicked sum butt...thanks
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.
Are you - or anyone else - interested in a pre-beer beer at 12th Street?
Today, we meet with our first angel investor. Excitement, anxiety, optimism, (and some confidence) hold on more to come.
The situation is at pace doing a comedy club, let's hope he wasn't as bad as he was at the roast
I just wanna wake up and watch sat morning cartoons!!!
follow back
We forgot to tweet during our #24HourPlayFest b/c we were so busy, but had an unforgettable time with friends old and new alike!
did you pick the lump sum?
A ton of my brothers friends from Prep are like, adding me on Facebook now....Okay then either Bailey or Zach talk about me ...
Pam: "Everyone sits on a chair, every day. But not everyone..." Michael: "sits on the copier!"
#OHYOUDIDNTKNOW you could use for #free conference calling? Now you do!
Wishing the mighty blue & white all the best today when we take on FAMU
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Hard to Kill..
Thanks for the great mention of blpdx ~ and all you do. Say HI to Erik from everyone at the Blossoming Lotus Portland!
Haters = people who secretly wish to be YOU.
Project Runway!! :)
it's only a matter of time before karma gets you
Hi! I forwarded your tweet to our Services team.
dude shit up your beautiful (:
April Fools Day is so annoying. So glad its' the 2nd and amateur hour is over.
it was nice talking to you guys! :D Have a good day :)
Sad to hear about ted kennedy
Mexico c:
Wow! Nice work.
Crams suck>:/
If you disagree with my opinion that your opinion makes you a douche bag, then I don't know what to tell you. Have a good one
I can't wait to hear the crowd bo Shelly when she walks out the door
no way, that's too funny.
I'll have to revisit it. I haven't upgraded to Live 8, so I'm sure there are tons of new things to play with :)
on #Leadership - Thanking Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder for his service in defense of the free speech that fouled the air of his internment.
He and I are going to meet at Mickie's for breakfast so I can brief him on how to deal with Justin.
right?? His last one was like in october....
cute and talented >>>>>>
literally just threw up all over my phone
Wakin up, lots to get done today!!!!
Hey tweepeople, I need some followers, you follow I'll follow. Come on join the party
Borg is a total buffoon. I hope he fades away soon.
I know it would just prove his point.. r u going sept 7th?
and justice will set a mark^ upon Cain, lest any finding him might kill him.
I see my fated stars in your eyes. They melt me like the sun does snow
seriously, who cares that it's a monday! Hearing your voice makes the mondays go away :)
The creator of "Ziggy" passed away yesterday. Ziggy always saw the joy in the mundane, and never wore pants.
I have an idea for ur vlog! Make a vlog about all your favorite things! Like your favorite food, tv show, songs, color, etc.
Coming up on 15th anniversary of US arbitrary detention of immigrants. Be part of Detention Watch Network.
2 more classes then spring break
Welcome to Twitter. You should follow and
Secret Stall Tues #Baltimore 50% off if u park in lucky stall! Final Hint:It's either stall 5,7,9 Try our new Blazin BBQ Burger
No kidding, right lol
Happy Monday. How was the weekend? It's 64 degrees in the city with beautiful sunshine. What a wonderful day to be on this side of the bay!
I am so pleased to have such a diverse group of followers. Parents, advocates, professionals, students, people who are secretly HoH, Deaf ..
Not liking this wind at all!!! Allergies!
Do you go to #NewPal? If so, can you be here by like 6:15pm?
#ChicagoSoupCompany - On the Table Fresh and Hot - Why cook tonite when you can order soup from the best! Order Now!
#NOWFOLLOWING TaylorGanG Creator of Thee Bo$$et Movement Loyalty over Riches..Business over B*tches & GOD above ALL
My newest nephew was just born. They want me to come to the hospital to see him right away. Must not be a keeper...
when are you starting your church?
nice, congrats.
That's why you're our girl!! “: Tequila. It's what's for breakfast.”
Instead of looking for inspiration in other peoples quotes...look inside your heart maybe you'll find some inspiration of your own!
"you may say I lost everything, but I still had my bedazzler" - Marry the Night
When I yell the bar is closed and its time to go, you go; not stay at the bar to order more shots or continue to stand around. Idiots...
Hope everyone catches tons of beads at the parades today!
If you're coming to Cheers to Belgian Beers & bring a clean washcloth or small towel to me I'll give you a free bumper sticker.
Looking forward to returning to the City of the Angels.
I was actually listening to them yesterday. That's a fun show.
thank you for the follow, let us know if NorthStar can be of service to you and for your clients.
:( whats wrong? Sorry I never replied. I just remembered. I work Friday. Maybe afterwards?
Anyone familiar with Wordpress know how to order posts with latest first? Still learning my way around. I finally have a name for my blog.
Finally made a Twitter Account
Did you know that viewing child porn on the internet is allowed in New York, as in it is "not illegal"?
y'alls models looked amazing! I'm glad it is over too!!!
Kim Day (Coalition to End Child Abuse) speaks: US has highest number of #ChildAbuse fatalities in industrialized world.
pretty please trend #chriscorradinoislegit for Chris
Scientific Proof That Superheroes Exist (On Foursquare)
'American Idol' Continues Downward Ratings Trend
No fresh baked cookies over here, unfortunately. :-(
yeah my mom isn't very happy. So what's up?
If you missed it announced it will go two consecutive weekends again in 2013, starting April 12-14.
and now it is time for an instagram extendo. tah ah ah ah
RT thanks!! I LOVE that song! It knocks so hard!!!!! <- Um that's not my name, lmao..
sent that email with info on the back side cover art for the cds Im doin for contributors to the #2FaithfulRedSide project!
i'm probably gonna be you for halloween(: i love you so much! Xoxo
panel made me think of LBJ quote "We have lost the South for a generation" re: expected backlash against Dem for Civil Rights
Tonight at ALTAR BAR we are playing with Sabaton! Doors open at 6, come early and hangout with us!
Welcome back to those who may be returning from a holiday break, have a great #Monday!
The guy that works at t-mobile is cute.
Such a great idea! Chicken Butt looks so happy!
2 tests done 4 more to go! >.<
i think this sounds like a perfect idea. let's pick a date! p.s. are any of you going to the reunion?
thanks, u2
Don't forget to tell ur friends about Blush Formals! :-)
Emancipate yourselves from mental salvery,None but ourselves can free our minds-Bob Marley
So, how was your Black Friday?
I wanna follow your mom :o
awesome! Glad you're having a great time!
Motorhead would have vicious kicks
Considerin they only won 2NBA Titles & NONE in almost 40 years,are the NYK 1 of the most overrated franchises in sports history?
I had this experience at a taqueria last week. Not awesome at all.
I just figured out that you are simply a "life support" system for an asshole..........
"Knowledge is power"- Which do you believe to be more powerful? Knowledge OR knowing how to access information?
Just Hired a #LAMP Developer & a Business Development Director for an awarded Miami Interactive Agency!
If i could i would come to Texas/Miami to meet you! But notice me and follow me to show that you wished i came :D x
you got it, we loved it. Disappointed for Angelus though! Good luck spreading the word!
need some help with that? Lol.
Out drinking tonight? Need an excuse to start tomorrow? Our flip cup tourney ! .com or on sure to purchase!
So we travel every 4 years to Hawaii for marching band & this kid asked of we're taking a ship there?! Um, really?!
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. - Robert Orben
Watching Wheel of Fortune right after Jeopardy seems like such a degradation of intelligence.
Tonights poppin Time to kill it!
congo peafowl (female)
How is the interview going?
thanks Sonny!
how tall are you?
So just walked out of the fitting room asking my opinion of his outfit...
I'm gonna need your email there, good buddy. Mind DMing it to me?
What is your favorite music genre?
been that way since the start of the season
I wanna see ur Booty Wurk!<
I'll have more competitions as well to win other things.. I have Carrie autographs also, that I might give away...
I know - it is a sad day for us Patriots and RedSox fans ... Take Care ...
Honored to have a big full room in Minneapolis on a Tuesday.
"One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man."
Hey ! #Happyfriday! Can you say Happy Friday back to us in another language?
Great! Glad to have Caleb in Shanghai. Thank you for sending him. Have a mighty crusade!!!
fresher than a motherfucker ;)
where's that at?
There's a 100% chance I'll star your disgusting, inappropriate tweet
I'd live tweet this abomination of a Bears game if it wasn't so depressing.
yea.....I'm trying to find something to do..
going to do a track workout with Orange Runners Club w/ dad
Amazing bike ride with And I even got a cute little decal! :)
Just rocked the stage at ladies night at the victor...thanks Mi Tyme fans who came out tonight!
OR doing that kind of thing was second nature, so you can't isolate any one incident.
Could I ask for a follow?
I got a light up sword. yes.
“: Is this happening?” holy shit. I'm still holding my breath.
JOEY RODRIGUEZ!!!
It may need touching up in the morning, but principal painting on the craft room is COMPLETE. Now, the long trek back to the apartment.
yeah i am so ready to get them off :-)
Avoid reading magazines that reinforce skinny body image. Be realistic and healthy.
RT Hey people that sit on planes not reading, listening to or watching anything: you look like serial killers.
yummy! I went there last night for my birthday. I could recommend the catfish too!
#stopremaking Spanish horror movies. Read the subtitles! It won't kill you.
Lots of work to do tonight,for shooting tomorrow evening. Also,lots of studying to do...script,character finalization. No more games
The difference between me and her , I would do anything for you, she would do anything with you!
We're looking to hire a hostess for Sunday and Tuesday nights. Email resume to I swear we'll be hired up soon.
what's up man, what are you doing tonight?
GRRRR! -pouts- oh & btw, Ella, I'm your babies aunt.
once you realize you greatness it becomes ipossible to accept failure
Well this is it. The end of my birthday weekend. It's been more than fun. Back to reality in the morning. 365 days left of being a teenager
Kobe going back to the locker room to get some "Mikes secret stuff"
On my way to #Chicago. #Amtrak!
No genitals on that one. Just an awesome pic that should be shared.
boo to being at work and missing great events! But we look forward to seeing you at the next one!
Comedy Store Main Room, 8 p.m. Come out & tell me what I missed at Coachella (Tupac, Rihanna - wait, I already know!) & share your 420 plans
Support our main brother's :)
Late night phone calls <<<<<< having that person next to you in bed cuddlin :)
- Whuddup home skillet biscuit?
There are no real fashion rules in SF, although we don't see much seersucker here :) As long as the layers work ...
Ordering my pittsburgh steelers bedroom set
"the pie was never in our table at all." Danny Park. Solution: "people of color need to unify."
are those defenses that good? Or just piss poor offense! Would've loved 2 see OKSt or Oregon take a shot at em!
Last early morning contest practice ever
OMG i think i know who he is! L0l
yeah where are you!!!
boy/ girl. Porn.
Thanks for the RT Karen!
"What do they do when the circus monkey dies? Do they shut down? No! They just get another monkey!" - my job explained by a co-worker.
New student meet & greet on Sunday!
To awe us young people, who don't know anything except what we looked up on Google five minutes ago!
Enjoy deals at restaurants with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I remember those, never drove one though RT “: I'm going to open a business called "3 on the Tree" oops I just dated myself.”
Today I'm going to test the engagement of my followers. I'm going to unfollow anyone who doesn't wish me a happy birthday. : )
Listening to Karen Mills at the #SBA talk to franchisors and lenders at the
woah Padma really liked that dessert!
Airport tonight picking up Veronica Welch! #AlwaysTurnsIntoAnAdventure !
Happy Easter To You Too Honey!<U+2665> I'm guessing the bit after easter is happy easter in a different language? :D
hey Charles, I liked your dad in Firestrarter. Hes like the white Samuel L. Jackson!!! Got $200.00 I could borrow??
I am a sniper when it comes to
What is your favorite cartoon?
Can come?
The issue of heart is a good point though about college sports, it is how I explained to people YEARS ago why I follow soccer
HARVARD SQ FLAVORS: Lavender-Honey & Black Cherry!
Have you already paid your April rent? Thank you, we really appreciate your payment on time!
picked up the PBR right next to the Wrangler jeans. Real.Comfortable.Beer.
Dear and please make a list on 30 things men SHOULD know by 30. Thanks in advance, Alexis.
Buy One, Get One 50% Off Best in Class Vitapak Programs. And save an additional 20% off during Gold Card Week!
WE NEED TOOUU FIND HIS SUN. CAN YOU GIVE US DIREECTIOUNNNNNSSS!?
empowered, glamorous & sexy...you're so inspirational! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
i'm seeing right through you like you're bathing in windex
we should be watching together today because we both are pulling for MSU just so UM doesn't get a share of the B1G title
hey thanks man
You're playin me its goin on and on...
alright, but #OnTheReal who you like that we had for 6th grade
lol go listen to it
waiiittt what you call me?!
"I'd give it all away...for just a little bit more." C. Montgomery Burns
Going on a late picnic with one of my new favorite people tonight. Thankfully, my hangover has mostly subsided.
& rr winners!!! Don't let nobody tell you otherwise!!
Oh yahhh let's go B's yahhhh #Fuckthecapsup!
TRANSPARENCY & CLARITY have lovely benefits...just like the FREEDOM to see what's in the bottom of your kettle before you pour the water. ;)
Today's #Badgers softball game vs Michigan has been pushed back until at least 2 pm. If it gets played, we'll have live coverage
Judy Boren is the owner of Piano Source at Albuquerque, New Mexico Area. Come on in and say hello. (cont.)
My nose hurts soo bad :(
you and your crew did amazing!!!!!!
hey brother!
#KentuckyDerby Creative Clause is my pick. likes Union Rags
We're back! :D
oh, and of course the first tweet from you w/TFF and photos from the MCN workshop. :)
As a girl in this society, I am stuck inside a looking glass. I can't be too big or too small or I am prosecuted on the spot.
I can not sleep
yes I love it!
Need new music? Cooper Points album is out on Itunes. :) get it? Eh, eh?(:
my daughter would love your services-- are you ever in Los Angeles?
Sometimes I wish I was still under age, soon as I tell a dude oh I'm 16 they just walk right off lol
Training for a marathon? Make sure to stock up on energy essentials such as bananas, low-fat yogurt, omega-3 fatty fish, and fresh berries
- please explain that elimination!!!!!!
It's a shame. If not for all of the injuries, Tracy McGrady could have been one of the best players in the league..
glad to hear
Since u always was taking yo self out the picture that's where u will stay.
a band playing and stuff. That's where I saw them :)
Charmander, Squirtle or Bulbasaur? One of life's greatest decisions.
i mean the happiness part.lol!
These 2 hours here are a waste of my life.
I only like the whipped kind...
What a boring day, thank god for the NBA playoffs!
shout out to all Americans. Happy Fourth!
Wow! Should I be offended?!!
#mmaf2011 Molson brought a mobile fire and some great info.
cadi ad did not do anything for me and their brand.
which account?
Exactly how many jobs & families there were directly dependent on Mariano Riveras ACL.
I've never bungee jumped,rappelled,or sky dived,but I did survive a Saturday at the reopening weekend of Opry Mills and that's something.
Come on Grizzlies, kick the Clippers asses.
Which of the MLS's subscribers use #RPR (high producers or folks with lots of time to spare?)
Just saw a bald eagle get harrassed by a huge flock of seagulls. They got no respect.
Good Luck ROCK!
You know shit just got real when you are addressed by your middle name.
ahaha how would i earn it??? 0:)
i am! 17th floor. let me know when
Working on my new children's book "So You Have The Shits"
and just sitting in class lol
Thank you! Appreciate it.
Thank You, Brave Souls for fighting Power and Corruption despite pepper spray and #snowstorm. May #occupywallstreet fulfill its destiny!
Why I gotta fight with my kids to get them to eat?
Interactions with police. Compassion all around.
Play #PromNight! by and
What's the dynasty league view on Laurent Robinson - I've seen folks say he's down. I say value is up as #1, with solid WR #2 and RB
This the last time takara say anything about a resturant... known i dont eat beef
'm getting ready to launch an amazing innovation to keep animals clean easily, any suggestions? see,thetotalpetspa.com for info
Last night was awesome... All the lines we crossed them ;)
Stupid question. Can you write a check for prom tickets?
But a short rib taco by any other truck wd not smell as sweet! RT 55th park...a cross-street by any other name would smell as sweet
Software needs to be scalable at peak times, mid-terms & finals. Amen!
you're welcome, hope you guys are having a great week!
That is perhaps the most awesome thing I have ever seen (from a fellow May baby)
Tried watching the #NCAATitle game but just can't get into basketball. Back to hockey.
Today's #awcchat is about making the jump to freelancing. Have any thoughts? Join in! 1130am - 1230pm CST via
RT ": Take away the QBs.. Give me the one player that will make THE difference in Super 46"
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 52
We are going to be on News 10 NBC tonight at 6:20pm! Check it out! Will also be on news10nbc.com!
BaltimoreActs helps mobilize Baltimore in support of causes that matter. First up: Baltimore Acts for Haiti!
I'm so good at hide and seek that they call me Osama.
lmfao im dieing at the boyz interview hahahaha "Dont give me this right now,im double parked and got the food"
What did I do D: ..... Goodnight.
Can't wait for & 's Younow tonight (:
Im Back
Please follow our new friend #dubstep from San Francisco he's done remixes for and
its not letting me mention anybody :/
Thanks to the number of followers, we have upgraded this week's #phillyhunt prize to an iPod Nano! Good Luck
You should come join us next time! It'd be fun!
Yes we are currently looking for an intern. Send your resume, cover letter and 3 writing samples to
Rockin' out to the Beatles on my way to work makes me smile cuz it reminds me of u :) xo
Got the email. All set for the hotel. Think I'll opt out of dinner tonight, but thanks for the offer. See you tomorrow!
i need wifi ugh
ok I get it you black I am mexican and its still fuck the lakers
sorry to hear that! Truthfully, this day is like any other with all the pain and joy!
Live.Laugh.Love.Jk.
RT if you love Italian cuisine!
let's party like rico suave!
ah Friday night. PARTY TIME at The Fly! The the drinking commence!
Lugar has lost. Looks like Donnelly is a shoe in for November :(
Thanks for the follow. Nice website.
What a joke! Fortunately for him, he will never find out!
Weekends are the worst because all I do is work :/
Shout out to the man with a sexy profile picture! See you bright & early tomorrow!
ah charlie st cloud isnt playing anymore! i missed it.. i'm sad :( ... i was all excited to see that
« « Being in love <U+2764> feels good but risking ur heart is the hard part...»»
LMAO!!!!! I fail! I definitely didn't remember that. But now that you remind me, I do haha. Oops!
Dear Maine, Your weird take on teenage privacy rights is annoying and inconsistent.
Great fact! RT. February started and ended on a Wednesday...
Finished gutjahr s biography of book of mormon. Now to write.
good morning!
Those random moods where you just wanna kill everyone for no apparent reason ...
#FF talented, lovely and full of heart (basically things we are NOT)
Let me just hold that expensive sensor and whoops! Who knew it'd be that slippery or break into such tiny pieces?
of course!(:
how can you get 20000 followers when you only have 5000
Yay and thanks!
Can I please work for you when I am out of school? I am great with numbers, merch, and would rock tour managing.
time to check you're most recent followers hehehe
your welcome( :
Highschool fights last 45 seconds tops.
MAD MEN and leadership: Sterling Cooper and then SCDP both examples of lack of planning and integrity; best leaders plan with integrity.
Wow what a night brutal storm had 2bring the 2yr olds in during... Love it hah. 3 to train 2day!! suppose 2do an interview this am... Lol.
And instead of a becoming a magazine, you'd be competing in Sectionals this semester.
I need that
I <U+2764>all my #teamlesbian followers every single one of you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0088>
im going to be there every weekend the lineup is just crayyyyyyyy
Don't miss me too much #miami <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> - even though some may sleep a bit more sound this weekend with me out of town haha
The new album is iller yo.... keep it going man. I'm Yasiin Bey (Mos Def) feeling it.
Sarcasm is a body's natural defense against stupid.
I just love !!!! Would love to have her on my radio show sometime! :)
damn guess I can't argue now
- having hot flashes !
Good Night Everyone
Nothing the whole day i felted bad as hell then i took medicine and fell asleep now i feel better :)
sick as a dog
Man, do I have an axe to grind. Seriously does anyone know a good whetstone guy in the LES?
you are in texas?! you need to tweet more so i can keep up with where in the U.S. you are. and YAY for starbucks!!
Happy Valentine's Day! To Commit, Trust, Love and Forgive. These are the 4 choices that saved my marriage!
Good morning #Colts fans! We have two tickets to Sunday's game vs. Titans that we will give away in 3 hours. Twitter contest at 12PM EST!
happy single awareness day
well its the HQ lobby. Glass. Lots of glass :)
just went thru old emails from summer 08 Very few had faith n my recovery thanx U NEVER gave up on me! Thanks 4 all the emails 2!
"I'm not running away from you. I'm running away from myself." I think that may be the worst line I've ever heard in any medium.
lol true cuz if I don't then I might not get another day! Sorry I care about my life lol
And my friend Sabrina met both and James Roday yesterday *forever jealous*
microphones on the broadcast mix are too hot. Very annoying
ok, and u?
Ugh I need a boyfriend:/
Give it up. The Lakers don't stand a chance against the Thunder.
were going to lose..were going to lose....were going to losee.... omg i cant watch this anymore!
Family and love are the most important things in the world and Lois didn't give up on any. I LOVE HER! <3
Best of Luck Tonite!
-_____- I'm far from a fucking bro
Hey Glen..tell us about the books you have or are writing..thanks..Rory
Easy one! RT : BizTimes Trivia: What annual 11-day event is in the Guiness Book as being the 'largest' of its kind?
Teachers open the door but you must walk through it yourself. ~ Chinese Proverb
Everything is better when u love what u are doing in ur biz! Love + focus + action + strategy + pos mindset + know how = rocking biz
Dallas is ballin and keeping up with the best young team in the NBA
According to Fox News AARP pushed Health Care Reform. Now they are raising rates.
Lol I'm clueless
There is always an easy answer to every human
Sorry to miss you! I can't make it tom. Have a good time in DC!!
Tx for kids w/ severe working mem deficits in school setting? Trying to weed out cognitive issues vs. language. Thoughts?
I work but I could meet you around this area on my lunch break!
I DID
The American with George Clooney was the #1 movie this time last year.
Radius is now pouring Cristal by the glass, $35 each. Would you order a glass for a special occasion?
me encantas justin bieber
Sun on Cinco de Mayo......... bueno ;) www.eggfast.com
Small cuts can become major trauma over the years.
I second that statement
The sum of all thought is change.
The #HEAT are rapping!
Stamp Out Hunger is 5/12. Put canned food items in bag, leave by your mailbox for letter carrier to pick up, deliver to food bank.
I have a full length mirror and I'm a boy. I'm vain and love looking at myself.
money is money ;D
Can you get me & followers? LChaim is a suicide awareness organization. I just want more followers. RT? (:
He says everything is ok but I feel like something's wrong
me and have a cheerleading competition.. wish us luck?
Mexican candy is the greatest! :9.
Looks like the WAC is dying a slow death. Not all that surprised. They didn't do enough to stay viable when action was needed most.
oh god spare me, loved your #USA by the way
The Bulls are ready to run in Columbus, GA!!!!!! We are riders for MILES all the way to the Pioneer Bowl!!!
Already looking to the draft? You should let the 49ers play a playoff game first.
Listening to Explosions in the Sky while reading Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close has been such a great idea
hey just so you know, the link to the excerpt of 'How Shakespeare Changed Everything' doesn't work :). Thanks for article though
Dogwood with my Valentine
If everyone obeyed the 10 commandments, PEOPLE magazine would be out of business.
Fun night with the girlfriend :)
“ As we celebrate Robinson, dont forget commissioner Al "Happy" Chandler. Move doesn't happen without him! #buck100” true story
#inspiration - Individuals are the architects of their own destinies. Follow your dreams, and grow from the experiences of the journey.
if you know of one in Austin let me know!
Well, let's hope I paid for my cap and gown! We'll figure out tomorrow :)
Rep McDermott - I am a constituent of yours, and I opposed SOPA & PIPA.
Haha don't worry about it. It's something we have to keep an eye on to gauge where our reviews are on the site.
Guys, first off: shut up; second: does anyone know the artist of the painting in New Adventure's of Old Christine's living room?
#whosgonnalose - Cincinnati at NY Jets - Cincinnati will lose
im going to the same acting school as the boyzz ! <33
show every week Sept 23rd at LSU, Sept 30th at Fred's, Oct 8th at Mellow Mushroom....see y'all there follow
Superman can fly high, way up in the sky, 'cause we believe he can. -Luther Vandross
I would rather see your face in hell than speak another word of this perfect world.
Rg3 is one ugly dude I'm sorry lol
Best Design ringer in the house! :)
hahaha I thought that u were naked or something too haha XD
bad mistake on their part
I'm watching a really good Spanish movie (with English subtitles of course) in Spanish class. I wish you were there to explain it
Finally somewhat has an internet connection during her internship. Loving the Baseball Hall of Fame!!!
Thanks Jennie! I'm slow but sure. :)
Do you ever think that maybe an object could collapse under the weight of its own molecular structure? Or how cool it would be to be a dog?
It's a wonderful day at avantgarb!!
Never thought I'd say this: "Thank God for herpes!"
Thanks for the retweet!
My lunch consists of a granola bar, an orange and rice cakes. Will someone go to the store for me...pretty please?
My bad, i meant two pounds yesterday
hotel VQ is stepping up! Stay close for VIP tickets to events, games, special promotions, giveaways and more;> Why? BC we LOVE our city!
What foreign policy, Ron?
Thanks for the RT. Much appreciated
It amazes me to see big name ad agencies not update their website footer with the right year.
Crossing my fingers. Crossing everything! :)
What a great party
thank you! i am in really good spirits and feeling inspired!
hahaha love that your next tweet was in regards to an even tan!
Happy happy birthday to !!!!! Hope y'all can make it up to DC for a visit to our beautiful townhouse!
he and i joked that he need to do portraits of sontag and adorno with bears.
I am really enjoying NBC's continuing "We Have No Idea What We're Doing" pick-up strategy.
your icon with you and Alex is so cute c;
wish me luck for my track meet?(:
Jamaica...Carnival?!? hm.... interesting.
calling unsigned rappers,singers,dancers,producers & POTENTIAL models email your info via "We GOT Work!"
Swingbyte now shipping! Thank you all for being so patient with us. It will take us a bit to get to everyone who preordered, but we started!
look in those trash bags.
Enjoying Gloria Larkin speaking about govt contracting
Fun to be a part of Saturday. Looking forward to future collaborations!
how do I look?
At LMU they got catalogers involved with best practices for ERM resource record fields
Anti-poverty begins in the person and home. Then the gov can step up and provide that surge of support.
Is a college education the best option for technology aspirants?
LOL! "Hey - P.Diddy - how 'bout next year you bring your 'a' game, huh pal?"
Roll motherfucking tide
Tuesday night trash tv- always feel bad coming from bible study and watching haha
Good conversation on leveraging video for e-commerce
SHUT UP WHEN I'M TALKIN TO YOU
nice.. Keep up the good artwork!
Redemption had a really nice first day on Amazon, climbing as high as #21 in Gay & Lesbian Romance. Thank you. one and all! *\o/*
Nice lady!
I love you even though you hate me
you and me both girl. If we refuse to believe it… then it didn't happen right?!
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE LAYAWAY!RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SUNday MENTION TWITTER! WSLAST! we buy gold
Small Tsunami hits Santa Cruz and Monterey harbor.
of course!
tacos and UNO with some teenagers for me...lol
#Yankees have acquired P Michael Pineda and P Jose Campos from the #Mariners for C/1B/DH Jesus Montero and P Hector Noesi.
"Can you do me a favor?" are 6 word I hate hearing. In other words, I give you what you want and get nothing in return.
WRONG WRONG WRONG WRONG
Thx for the correction ^^
Big thanks to Melissa for giving our new song "Right On" it's first spin on the radio!
I'm so tired ugh
DANG BRUH , leave ME the Heck ALONE ....
damn good run though all good, NHL Playoffs been awesome
summer kickoff volume 2!
This > I hate it when I promise to do things with my kids and then they remember it. Can't back down on a promise.
Griffin - quoting Jack Kerouac "the people crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do"
Dick Wimmer's book was rejected 162 times. It got published in '89 and got positive reviews and 2 sequels. Never give up your dream.
I got it!
The true test of a man is how he handles adversity. Does he continue to work or does he feel sorry for himself and pout.
Holy crap it is hot out here
We wish you could be there too Brandon!
Her last tweet to was HI-larious! RT : Hey follow she is funniester.
it was 4am!! Lol even our instructor fell asleep!
Woah, Marin. Preparing to study shouldn't injure you! Go digital on those flashcards and save your hands.
Do y'all store all kinds of crap on your computer? I'm doing "spring cleaning" and am amazed at the junk I've kept. Kinda like my garage.
<----- worlds coolest wallflower
just getting out of the house is a challenge
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die. Anonymous
lol, I'm glad to hear it!
Katy Perry's on replay, she's on replay.
Give it up for the long nights and all those terrible fights. Were you honest with yourself? Every version of yourself
Take a look at our upcoming shows at www.facebook.com/collaterallive!
Haaaattteeee RT : said he hates me... I've never been hated before
If you love me, let me know.
Today some dumbass hit my car while I was PARKED at Bensalem Wawa. Lady didn't see anything as she pulled in, How?! i driva a Toyota Camry?!
That's how a Jews sounds when truly believes in Torah, G-d as King of Israel, the Nation and the Land. Everything combined.
To go out for a few drinks or not..that is the dilemma after a 5K and indoor soccer game.. Im tired as hell
Just got the listings for 's ad in next weeks and there's one new show in particular that I pee peed myself over
no for her.
How's the weather treating you up there?
1 of 2: Pointed this out before, Marvin Williams was picked 2nd in '05 draft, one spot ahead of CP3
Huge thanks to those in the #minicauldron for helping push ours guys to victory!
the best performer out of the 3 got chosen
it was good, wasn't it
approaching the dark hour. you can do it. you can do it. you can do it.
Great rehearsal today with some awesome Chicago musicians! I can say no more.
Cabbie back on phone. hiding behind metal box. lining up ppl to take away via copter. secret svc arrived.
Uploading Photos,,, just one those days that I'm not lazy enough to do this.. rarely..
you are the most amazing person in this entire world! I can't wait to hear that song one day. (:
Yes, I still think about you. No, I don't want you back.
Story of my life.
Please do! It's like my favorite one. I even showed it to my Mom.
Thanks for the retweet. Have a great week :)
I Subtweet About Past Relationships & Basic Hoes...
thanks for RTs!
Are people really that superficial to only look at the exterior?
If you put your child in 4 or more ski/snowboard lessons a year then you could take it to the next level for them for far less money! Devo!
hahaha nice. had thought it meant a line of cars driving by with each window blowing bubbles.
did you at least get a picture of that?
Planning school not school planning!
Yup thats it, pd, sheriff, & fire/ems all separate.
Listening to country and cramming for my test at 1..
In the process of clearing my email inbox down to zero in order to be more productive and focused when I come to work.
We need a "like" button on Twitter for ones like this!!
Kids don't need us to grade the clicks or tricks, just the process and content.
I keep meaning to do an update, but haven't gotten around to it. There are no substantial changes planned.
what's wrong
it's called the Sun. I'll let it know you want to have a talk.
But other than that, we're all good over here at chez Clarke.
“: Every blessing, when ignored, becomes a curse #Brida” Soo true. I need to read that book.
#PropertyBrothers - is that the show you said I could pass for a sibling on? Ha ha.
#Popcorn, want some? I hv a #Free! #Idea! Add sugar/splenda 2 the butter B4 putting it on. U can thank me now, even B4 u have x 2 try it...
RT : HEY MILWAUKEE know about or are participating in any ART EVENT that open/happens in JULY for my JULY preview?..
Just saw Stan Lee in Captain America.
never vent my troubles on s. media. Feel if we look for good we find it and same for the bad. Friends/family in person=support
I wish metro did pictures like roller coasters.
what are you going for?
is making animated pngs
just turn your head and think of computers while it's happening.
Do people really buy Mother's Day gifts off the side of the road?
We're going back to Vietnam in a couple of months-1st time in 3 years. Really looking forward to it. Where are you off to next?
weird getting an invalid package error on my Samsung Epic
Of #CormacMcCarthy 's work, I'm not sure why so many drool over "All the Pretty Horses". "Blood Meridian" to me is endlessly more powerful.
University of Nebraska invents plastic composed of 50% chicken feathers. That would take care of roughly 3 billion pounds of feather waste.
#onlyskinnyppl go to a buffet and get one plate bitch u wasyed ur money
This Bynum guy can be good when he wants to be.
how many more inches of rain do u think we will get
I love your face more <3 whatcha doing?
Often true; but prop systems often have hooks into various parts of org's back end, not so easily dislodged.
u live by Belmar right?
That is awesome!!! I need to find one of those!!
Okay, okay, I take it back! UnFuck you!
Goodnight Sweet Dreams Beautiful!(;
Just tasted a $195 bottle of wine... I may never be the same again
I debated whether to include GTown Arts Fest, WS Summer Fest & Folklife too but decided to strictly stick to the 3 major events
Not very creative, but involves everyone and shows many people want 1D, especially if we do a meet up! We could also add something else.
Youth Summit at South Miami hospital
Be fair. Mario had a solid game vs. PHX. It's only fair to mention that if your going to harp on him when he struggles.
hmm... churro-chomping geogame? proximity-sensing deep-fried delight detector? the possibilities are endless... cc
so.. when we goin out again?!
Big Father's Day Weekend Sale goin' on right now!!
thanks for the RT!
Where you at?
#FollowFriday Seski recommend visit Bend anytime!
There's a generational gap that has developed btween child and parent
Life's to short to be anybody but yourself .
Completely depends where tattoo is. Wrist... I would say maybe 3 or 4. Kinda stings like sunburn.
Relationships between various organizers of blossom and enable further meetings - decentralization fosters this
Misery loves company.
your picture upsets me
Thanks for the shout out and your support!
Here we go...round three! Will it be Dallas or Miami??
email my assistant & send your resume. We can discuss opportunities. Thanx for reaching out!
that is awesome...that saying needs to trend.
I can go for dime head right now..
Making the right decision sometimes maybe difficult, but think about the consequences of your actions before pursuing that decision.
RT : From OTL: Source says Braun requested 2nd test. 2nd test not positive. Those close to RB believe difference will show 1st...
sometime in that afternoon
yall sum lil boys....he a grown boy...
...now all i need is a good reason to write a thank you note. (like a job. or a wad of cash. either one.)
#edusaforum Michael McCarry presents politics and policy. Will exchanges be drawn into immigration reform debate?
#NMSA2011 Terrific sessions today! I have gotten some great ideas and can't wait to use them in the classroom!
I was a little sad earlier, but now I feel better! :)
I didn't know! so sorry. You can beat me later.
what do you mean?
OMG #GossipGirl is crazy!!! How is this possible & why?!
I could just see you doing those lol!!!
Just bring your filled bags to the trash/recycling/compost bins at the end of each hall, deposit in the composting bin and take a new bag.
yeah, a little bit. He's very proud of you. That's neat, I like the Pintrest-eske home page.
Actually, I want to write a book on William H. Prescott, and his papers are in Boston. So I might make my way back North soon.
Know about #corporate #wellness programs? Or health insurance co who provide discounts/incentives to #biz for #health #weight loss?
-thx for mention, you're linked in 3rd-from-last graf as part of tech-media network. Hope you found Yochai's research compelling.
just imagine her in a couple years
You are going to go off for 30 friday night AA....Go Nuggets..
a lakeside morning run in the damp heavy fog is almost as great as one under a bright sunny sky.... almost.
Hope you still continue to write on music; I looked fwd to the music column in T.R.
No. This is a basketball game. Its no secret they arent friends and it is the #playoffs. They are enemies until the end
playing with tonight at the Tea Bazaar. We go on at 9. Come out
nice ill try it out
are u swinging through Charleston, WV?
Oh, just about a thousand things to do today.
Why is #fattuesday a trend and not #mardigras??
.tomato yellow having time first .old years 28 :)
How often do I go to the mall? Just found out our Disney Store closed...in 2010.
Go Birds!!!! “: Yes!!!! Congrats to our Beanpot champion Eagles - amazing win! #3straight #WeAreBC”
I personally don't like Mc Donalds burgers .
Jesus christ.
I need to go home now
im higher than a plane & i dont wanna land
Approaching our 1 year anniversary on our new platform! Thanks to all of our artists who are a part of solopiano.com!
That's insane. Unfortunately, too many obviously think this is reasonable.
badass! Where did the shirt come from?
Scooby Doo never really told us where he was -.-
you are NEVER to old to start acting or to do what you love. If it is your dream to what you can yo achieve it.
mother nature is such a piece of <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
ugh, I wish I had one!
All the Minsiter had to do was come to #Richmondbc! So much illegal fill dumping happening here.
winding down from a shoot, shower time to sleepy time
1st round lock, Iowa State over Uconn. Mark it down.
Reign over me by Adam Sandler is the best movie ever
My 2 YO is like a crack head on his 1st day with no pacifier. Poor little dude taking it hard.
If you're trying to bait me into saying "I can shave whatever I want" - nice try! Oh... Are you allowed to shave your legs yet?
Have u listened to it? Kevin Kash's Freekshow. www.freekshowradio.com
So I went to and the people there were mean so I'm never shopping there again!
I screwed up so bad in biomed today, i literally felt like an illiterate deprived third world child. ,sorry bud
was he drafted and couldn't come to terms or undrafted?
you should make a speacial apperance at the concert in seattle. ^-^
As God has freely forgiven us, so are we to freely forgive those who wrong us. Are you holding grudges today?
#MUSIC u stole my heart frm HER and I'm LOVING EVERY SECOND OF IT
Get me tickets! Please? Didn't even know you'd be here. (Fuck!)
In the kitchen. RT : Where's the dog?
So...everyone else fell fast asleep within the first 5 minutes of 'J. Edgar', right?
I love it! RT : Share RT : This Subway is making my life!!!
OK I'm still cheering for the Niners. I love Alex Smith's story & so happy for him. Plus Jim Harbaugh was a good QB I enjoyed watching.
Big wins from the #Bruins and #Celtics today!
Facebk..NikkiiPowell holla 50!!!or my site: nikkipowell.com Has my cell! Gotta chat w/u!!
Ugh, no. The only Thicke I needed in my life ended when Growing Pains went off the air.
wow im jealous! get on that!
Hey how are you doing? how is SD?
really bro! Its preseason & they beat Denver by 1! That's like beating a 7yr old n a boxing match via decision!
Breakfast at Mighty Kong Muffins on Stockton Blvd. Almost like having a neighborhood cafe in Oak Park/Tahoe Park!
oh really? That might be easier for me! Do I just call the store to do so?
Beavis and Butthead are apparently working as paramedics now. "It's national cleavage day huh huh huh" *eyeroll*
Come on Seahawks!
I agree 100% that religion & politics must be separate; but the anti-Sharia Bill is nothing more than baseless fear-mongering.
Good morning everyone
ive seen SO MANY HIGH DEF pix i dont even think there high def anymore
#np - pink - like a pill
not even close
KOREAN ZOMBIE!!!! WHAT A FREAKING UNBELIEVABLE FIGHT WOW!!!!!!!!
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 36
Hook 'em!! RT: DeLoss Dodds of the University of Texas wins Athletic Director of the Year.
You always want something
that would be pretty useful for sure. I also wish GPS didn't suck so much battery power
have to hand it to Kansas... made it a great game.
I do love KFCs mashed potatoes & gravy. I might check out some soup menus today, & if none of them look good, KFC it is! :)
You too darling. :)
I'm really liking the Xbox apps. Netflix, ESPN3, HBOGo, Fios, Hulu Plus, all 1080p. (Internet Explorer coming soon, too)
Packing to fly back to Seattle in the morning for a gig with The Brickhouse Band tomorrow night.
I can't login :(
no kidding.
So jealous. Have to let me know how the D&D plays, I got the Drizzt version.
Yes it is - great product!
thanks for being a great volunteer!!
It is the spring equinox today, more like summer solstice, but whatever.
I'm really picky about my Pinterest. Like so many ppl have a Hair board. I won't follow yours if you do. I have no hair yo.
did he work with UFOs? Wright Pat is supposedly were the area 51 stuff went.
Don't steal songs or movies off the internet, it's disrespectful to the artist.
About to go see the lucky one again!:)
My stomach hurts so freaking bad. This gon be a tough plane ride for me
Last week i was in my other other benz
what's going down Loc? I'm like up he broke up with me...lol
RT Interested in professional #networking that doesn't feel so "networky"? Join -stay tuned 4 upcoming events
I just came into the new century. I got a blackberry
Fun dip and #TheBachelor with a fellow Israeli
J: think before you act. K: think about how you think. Think at beginning and end of research process. Just think?
Frizzy hair? Try Moroccan oil treatments - argon oil products, repair damage, control frizz, use in damp or dry hair! Pick some up today!
The largest cell in the
Negative simile FTW.
of mice and men vibes all day
"Someone to Watch Over Me" George & Ira Gershwin is a key work in the Great American Songbook. Here's Frank... fb.me/1fPXpxJrC
u go David! Ur going to leave that paralegal job for the acting world. Seems that things are taking off there!
thank you for the candid blog post and maintaining the cup-half-full attitude. Puts my writing life in perspective.
Don't act smart -_-
thanks! I appreciate the feedback!!
Sore throat today! Boo! Hoping lots of hot tea will do the trick today.
Thanks to all who attended last night's fabulous benefit reading of Noel Coward's #SEMIMONDE. Stay tuned for pics from the event!
U got it! RT: Yes look forward to that :-) MUST attend #expowest with and me! we missed you masterminders!
Billy George, HELLO!
Video: Janet Jackson Shows Off Slimmed Bod in Nutrisystem Ad
Just starting first season of #Sherlock, so I'm trying to watch as slowly as possible. Which is not easy, as I'm sure you know!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing custom homes around San Antonio.
FREE clinic with Coach Winterton 03/10/12 at the IRT Florida Spring Break Pro Am for anyone registered in the tournament!!
New Linkin Park and Jason Mraz music!
Striving to rise in ranks among universities builds conservative culture that hinders them from adapting to new enviroment
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
So good to see u at the club! I really fux w u man
I have three types of fMRI scans: Diffusion Weighted Images, Functional Series and High Resolution Anatomical. Know of cool 4D viewers????
Thanks Renata! Be sure to stop by Guest Services to pick up your giveaway from Sephora Inside JCPenney
when honestly there was nothing between us</3
San Diego area runners: Check out the Marathon @ bit.ly/sdhalf. It's happening March 11th, but if you sign up now, it's only $60!
Big hit for the red head right there
What Up
I got a haircut on Sunday. Its my new icon if you want to see...not that anyone does but yeah.
Im bout hungry AF
Thank you we liked you back! :)
RT morning, though its evening already here hehe :) ": Goodmorning :)"
"Think not to the thorns in your feet - Think not to the journey. We move and breathe in Him." ::aradhna::herana (nepali christmas song)::
...a major contribution..." --Donald R. Shaffer, author of After the Glory: The Struggles of Black Civil War
you promised purple!
proud of you kid ;) when I cone home in July your driving me all over town :p
get rid of the first one this is the new one......long story....
why the fuck would I pay for you? Like hello ain't no body told you to quit your job.
Who can I really trust...??
:o !!this on up give i okay okay
It's hard to clean windows in this weather. So I am taking advantage of it and staying home with my boy. We are building a huge fort today!
#YouCuteAndAllBut your breath stinks.
cry me a river so I can swim around and laugh in it hahaha
Music suggestion: the crack smokin grannies
I was happy 2 see u! Seeing that us 3 dont kick it like were used to. :-)
trying to rush the week
Ambition is priceless, its something in your veins
that's what I thought. Summer Teacher of the Year wkshop w/ African Art - teaching collection pieces of his.
i hate always retweeting but the posts tonight are awesome :D
"Get There Early Cause #Next2Naked WILL BE PACKED! Get There Early! WILL BE PACKED! Get There Early! WILL BE PACKED! Get There Early!"
Props to musician, Latin Jazz fiend and tweeter extraordinaire, Chip Boaz. Nothing but pearls in his tweets, blogs and articles. Vaya!
Let's get this going! I want "if you leave" by omd
RT : Smh at people who are hating on the people who are just simply expressing their feelings and love for loved ones.
what u getting
Skype intro'd a new version for Windows that enables Facebook users to videoconference in HD without Skype subscriptions.
Greg, those flower close-ups are fantastic! :)
I'll go with you and hold my hand over your mouth :)
Its a hairdryer, we need hair
don't call me BAE , I don't like that shit .
J's in the 1st half, kobe's in the 2nd RT : Fact: #Lehigh is now 2-0 since has sported a headband.
it would make not just my day but my year if you would reply to me
Dinna date with my baby chi chi :)
Ginobili is one of the best at getting open. Sharp cuts, deception, makes low contact with defender, quick first step.
Your article "How the Game is Played" beautifully illustrates why I love you!
I went abt 9:30 last nite & racks wr bare RT : Did any of my tweeoples get any pieces from the #Missoni Target collection?
my tweeps...follow for your naz athletics info. Follow your alma mater!
And we're back for act two. A rather somber beginning. But very necessary given the subject matter.
it took every second of the season, but Vintage #Brett Favre came back
Hanging out backstage getting ready to play a packed out show in Farmland IN! Killa! :)
Super excited to see at the !!!!
Will I see you at McCoy on Saturday?
and let me get you a library membership while we're at it! email me: and will do ASAP!
Sitting in a session at #AASL11 in Minneapolis where the weatheris lovely worried about the snow in NY. Doesn,t make sense!
": I love boobies." Yep we know lol
Cheers to , two for two today
<-getting answer from TD Gugger that set in2motion be4show (do u tell cand name of company?)"Say no Tommy. Say no."
Thank You to everyone who participated in our first MDA fundraiser. We raised $300 before first break! GREAT JOB JAILBIRDS!
Is the printer being a jerk again?
i wonder what they did with all of his sweaters? lets be real here, cosby and him are the two sweater kings.
wow that song really is stuck in your head..I had fun today we got to do it again before you leave:)
What is discussed at #triverahappyhour stays at
Yes ! planning a #actionactotracademy mixer next week RT : we gotta hang before you leave brotha"
VEGAS!! Where are you staying and where is your #blackjackismycalling dealer?
I am impresed that you know who that is! :)
hey how much are the tickets for six flags??
if you we're to follow me back id be the happiest girl in the world, i always watch keeping up with the kardashian, iloveyou!
Despite whatever ... Am really Happy and Feeling so much special !
I'm gonna make it on my own
We want the funk, so give up the funk...
"Bitch better have my money!" ... has a ring to it?
Me too. It's been one of my new favorites this year. Love The Touch too.
Hey Amazon, if you're listening, please get more Doctor Who on instant video!
hi edward!
is gonna go for the Moosekiller. wish her luck.
Apparently everyone here owns a dictionary and im the only who has yet to figure its use
So psyched for the Tuesday night program. Always one of the best at the conference.
i LOVE your birds & blooms of the 50 states - i am working on 50 states of wedding invitations based on each state's flower
'Master Exploder' always makes me laugh.
thank you for da song
OMG IT WAS ALEC! Wow lol sorrrryyyy definitely thought it was his friend who also works there hahaha
IAmTrae App Download That Shit Now!
Jr Seau was shot and killed =(
My sources indicate Peyton is currently having a contract constructed by the Titans. Oh my Gawd
Needs to get a Kindle version.
I use to wait on people..but that gets old real fast!!!
Do you think Teague learned those moves from Jeremy Lin
have fun tonight! and be sure those shoes are tied lol!
good to hear your voice!
That annoying moment when you accidentally destroy your paper while erasing.
i miss you daddy please come home soon.
okay a cat!!!!!! do you have a cat?
Come see us at Ugly Juanita's on Beale! We got the grindfather on sale and will be cuttin up all day!! Let's Go Grizz!!!
2012: Tao, #Primal Lifestyle, Survival. After this massive hangover...
RT - Upcoming shoot: sports themed!!! I need to get my hands on a #Miami #Dolphins jersey! :)
Today was an amazing day with and
#ConfessionNight .. Goin Out & Partyin Got Old A Long Time Ago For Me But I'm Not Gonna Lie I Still Sip But Only Beer & At My Crib
I love you! You couldn't be any more awesome!!!
omg funny you say that cuz I just opened the financial aid package and it's my best one...ur wish may come true!!!
probably i cant remember the last time i even played pacman.. might just have to play right quick
Found my missing tomcat with a cut in his thigh tonight. Not sure how he got injured, but happy he is alive
#josswhedon is my director crush... I MUST work with him one day!
Congrats! Now there is only one boss fight left!
No booking fee for flights @ www.purefuntravel.rovia for preferred customers
WELL DUH U TOLD ME THIRD PERIOD THAT UVE BEEN BACK TOGETHER FOR A WHILE NOW!
yeah, but do you still get laid?
Thanks Kyle! I appreciate it!
Playlist of tonight will be in the form of the following tweets
I really need a reply on but it's just, we can't never be online at the same time :(
i know , he hugged me & i was just rubbing his back ! lol
If you don't want to talk to me, just tell me. I won't be offended.
You have to find out who you are outside of who wish you were and who someone else wants you to be ;) x
Everybody go follow She's AWESOME, bubbly, cute, and OUTGOING
Three words are never enough
I have not tried it. I don't think it appeals to me either. I like the flavour of #Coffee too much.
A dead possum has been near my house for 3 days now,just found out animal control won't come get it.So it's just going to decompose?? Ugh.
Not gonna post the poison ivy pic.
i suppose an Oxytocin/GDP link brings new meaning to getting f by the government.
Yes, yes, you really are popular. *Cough Cough* Slut *Cough Cough*
I sound like a corny wanna be superhero, but " . . . just doing my job" You can see the originals in Bancroft library on campus.
And peanut butter! :) {RT : We can almost smell the weekend. It kinda smells like hot fudge
good morning! Looking amazng as usual!
welcome back.
RT : How does Puerto Rico have a national anthem... They're... America >> hahaha!
MOJOES CASH GIVEAWAYS ALL DAT .. SPECIAL GUEST FROM DA WEST COAST TONIGHT !!!!
I'm gonna go get an Xbox and Kinect.. What games should I get?
cool.(: and I love your hair.<3 *-*
Shoutout To Our New Listeners -
I sent you my picture book query today. Thanks again for answering all my questions.
The #Bruins have had some chances, still not good on the PP. Joe Corvo still scares me on defense. Need to score 1st
u comin thru to the shoot next weekend
I'm sorry but I do not like boyfriend.
Love the enthusiasm about #solar -- energy production needs to be transparent & honest
When the pastelitto lady doesn't come by your room <<<<
Great anything new going on?keep an eye out for our next networking event
thanks Jilly. Really appreciate that.
I really hate when I email someone and expect a reply, because I inevitably glue myself to my inbox...staring...refreshing...and waiting.
And we got ah good thang, don't know if ima see you again!
Dear Brewer pitchers, please do not let the d-bags score again. I can't take any more techno music.
Moscow Mules never go out of style!
“: Whoadie b acting do fake to me smh Oh Yeah That's How U Feel, U Know I Don't Miss A Beat!!!
Ppl are so funni.
Wow. Shark Night is really hard to follow along with all things considered.
haha, i would do exactly the same :D
Scoop on Twitter?
“: THIS NIGGA WIT THESE FREE THROWS MAN!!!” Game over
#Pacers kicked ass last night!
You got swagg 4 Kickn it wit CHIEF..guilty by association.. Babyy
As a resident in your district, I'm asking you that you do not support the SOPA and PIPA legislation.
oh you know just that one guy!
LOL!!!!! omg...where was this? How have your workouts been??
Can't sleep :P
how are you so calm about being second string, I'm angry that your not the starter I seem more angry then you! LOL
Don't sell yourselfshort - sell yourself on HRResourcePortal.Com
Decision? Today Do I chg. my DishTV pkg. to save $ to pay the Tally Democrat $8.95 month for Tally legislature info during this session?
I did just now haha. IKR I CALL UNFAIRNESS. oops that's not a work
it's going to be pretty embarassing to tell kids what life was like pre-internet. "well there was this thing called an encyclopedia..."
We don't leave it live on our website b/c we don't want to confuse any customers into thinking it's still active once lifted.
15 EARTH DAY TIPS that really make a difference....
Exactly what I was thinking, great marketing on his part!
Design Tip: Spruce-up your cabinets for the new year by changing or adding new hardware.
Greta is like the perfect amuse-bouche version of you!
Ginsburg asks how a state officer will know a stopped person is removable which is a "complex inquiry"
not even sure yet bro you?
Ok....I think we are all caught up on orders now! That feels good!
Follow back ? :/
you don't grind, you don't shine..
What was I thinking not eating before I left...
He picking out baby names I'm picking out wedding rings
I'm following my Photography teacher on twitter. Hi, Mr. Tangredi. :3
Can't wait for spring... looking forward to spending time at Brooklyn Botanic Garden on the 31st of January for Plantorama!
Watching "Remember the Titans" this movie gets me every time! #cryingariver for real.
thanks so much! Glad you're enjoying it!! :)
Sophocles No general can fight his battles alone
My wife just put coconut oil on my head to try to repair my dry scalp.. I smell like a coconut cookie
Note to Mitt Romney: Best comfort food after a political thrashing is cheese grits.
Step it up tommorow granger lets get a win tommorow Go pacers !!!!! Beat the heat
Sometimes the smallest things in life can turn out to make the biggest difference.
I've always wanted to run a library that focuses on older forms of erotica.
Hey there! My email is =)
awww(: did you see my facebook? im uploading all the videos noww!
You'll be fine lol...better get them all in before the main event haha
aw (: hehe thank you!
So first is sent to A (still annoyed) now, s hurt. And Gardner. And Mo. And Joba. What do I do with my life??
Why does my internet connection drop every hour? It used to work well
Setting an alarm to wake you up on your phone & sleeping right through it ): <<<
Everytime it gets halfway you have to go and mess it all up. Damn I hate starting over.
I was super pissed when I saw you had a new twitter and I didn't know until I read your tweets and then I felt pure joy
MS Word has been removed from the dock. Hello Pages.
Honored to be part your #FF! Getting back on our Twitter game is important to us. It's great to look up to experts like you!
I would, but I'm just too bummed. Did you have fun today?
i met him and got to hug him!!! Lol(: he is so sweett!!!!
I FINALLY FOUND YOU! I'VE LOOKING FOR YOUR TWITTER FOREVER. I LOVE YOU <3 OMG !!!!! :)
New Phoenix Tote Board Total = $ 1,420,377!!!! THANK YOU PHOENIX FOR REACHING OUR GOAL!!!!!
he told me he would #hitmewitdahamma I told him ima throw him wit this #sweetcookie... :-)
Omg its x-mas time to get hype :-)
Seriously - who thought it was a good idea to take away the Applications menu? Are apps in Linux not hard enough to find as it is?
Sagarin Ratings for the Front Range (through this morning): 80. Colorado State; 81. Denver; 84. Colorado; 170. Air Force; 250. UNC
Glad that #AmericanHorrorStory has been picked up for a second season. Good writing, inventive characters and a great cast.
Goodnight Seouls. I've been on all day and I have to get up early tomorrow. n.n ttyl~
wht up wit u
let's talk wiz
Back in my office, for the day.
and all is right with the world...good night.
Thats an amazing start to your day!
Weights in the am..
Hi how are you?..Yes it's nice to meet me!
Approx 20,000 ppl involved in planning from volunteers to handcrafters to city officials to many more!
Fosters and Pizza, The Best start of my Day is Bin Laden is DEAD ! GO NAVY SEALS
Read street baby...
Good discussion of teaching poetry, too.
I'm not sure what the hell they are. I'm sure he's been to the shrink quite a few times.
Have a great one!
Have you tried 's new gluten free brew? Tweason'ale? This gluten free gal loves it! Finally, one with flavor!
forgot u were in TX! Called you to get your butt over to and get credit!
I need a shave, a shower, and a nap.
I am only one, but I am one. I cannot do everything, but I can do something. ~Edward Everett Hale
Associate order with freedom, peace, and sanity, you will find organizing to be less threatening and more inviting.
Steve is good it was No 1 this week. !
what's their excuses for being late all the other times??? We shouldn't have to pay a fare if the wait is longer than 15 min!
great time at scotland run today. perfect conditions, great atmosphere. congrats to all runners.
round two
RT": TIP: Before engaging in a stressful discussion with your children, take a moment to smoke a bowl to relax.
thts fine with me! I can be ur it girl!(:
Did u hear? Secret Circle got cancelled.......I am so sad
I hate people who lack the sense of a common person
Comedy show next Sunday #classic starring Buckwild, Smokey, & Friends hmu for tix
Carroll: "information Environmentalism": let's make it "as easy to do OA as it is to recycle"
6.6 is good. That's almost 7. I can run across the street and then I'm tired. Heh The 1st week was terrible! Haha but today..
where do you
#FollowFriday Because they inspire the crap out of me:
follow me back please? :)
I can't stand daytime TV...
haha forget the book
Catching up on #GoT! It's getting complicated.
Cuddle up to my FREE songs, Love to send you some of my Frank S, Tony B, Dean type music of mine mp3. Just message me your e-mail address.
I don't like the song RT I don't like this hyfr vid
ZBO putting in work.
Or when a green dinosaur cuts me off RT : Everytime I see a smart car on the road I start reaching for a red Mario Kart shell.
those look awesome! i loves them =]
I'm a project manager
The ideal Carmelo is a problem or reason team loses n playoffs is craziness. Team game u must have better team not just a better player.
when people make fun of what you're wearing...I'm about to go on stage for dance.
#vancouver - We're giving away $200 worth of Gift Cards today! RT & Follow to Enter!
<3 ": Man I Love Girls that Can Cook"
RT Q5 So many others too! Multi-channel engagement&analytics, increased need and adoption across business units.
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q: Nashville museum that houses Elvis' gold cadillac & piano
fair enough. I'm old (school)
I decided this morning that I need to smile more. Really smile. Not some fakey-fake smile.
^ Wake up sleeper! It's times to shine! We are the light of the world! We're a city on the hill.... We gotta shine! Shine bright!
Bummer. Get well soon!
VOA's: If you would like to audition for upcoming titles send an *audiobook* demo: . YOU MUST have audiobook experience!
Live Fierce.
You got it!! I finally bought the DVD!! Have watched it SEVERAL times already!! Whats next for you?? Another movie??
your coworker in.. a library. The very embodiment of socialism. ??? Unless you work in a private corporate library...
I'd meet him in a fitting room any day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Pretty sure....might change to 6:30p depending on when Tye gets off :)
Just had RJ's for the first time.
I like short thick girls the most
Come and get a pound of our fresh shrimp ceviche!!! and don't forget to get a bag of our tortilla chips!! Yum!
Ardbeg > Lagavulin. However, Lagavulin 12 is supposedly the the Lagavulin 16 to be, that tastes so good at 12 they bottle it.
I wonder what Jordan's gonna do for the GMYH music video
happy birthday to excellent tweeters and writers and !
lol not quite yet, i am a bit mature for my age aha.
it's a little bit mystery, a little bit conspiracy, pre-WWII US, and a little bit of science (development of antibiotics) :)
KEI has a medical #spanish course in
Let Pride Financial, one of our newer neighbors on Fremont, help you w/ your financial planning.
Trying to stay warm and dry during the rain. We need it lake levels are low.
I endorse this desire.
Hi Nourishing NYC, thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too. Great cause, love NYC!
Excuse me,I may be lost,Can you give me directions to wherever you're going?
follow back mama
#SaySomethin love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 35
think ur doing just fine :) Every fball show I listen to ur name always comes up as 1 of best in biz even not Pats centered 1s.
Happy Mother's Day
She likes me
no plans here, how about you?
the crash issues were fixed with 5.0.1 but when I keep the app running in the bg without using it after a few mins it closes itself.
I cant even fucking talk without almost crying.i dont know whats wrong with me anymore.im with my best friend and cant even talk.
Data Center Director perm position / job in South Florida. Ping me for details at
Has my savior come by yet to kill my "friends?"
Imma watch tv. :)
I had that 'LP'..Queen 'A day at the races'..hahaha..
Anyone coming out Wednesday at Tomcats West with ?? 5 bucks!
at Phoenix of Charlotte on 4.20.12 ...Tickets will sell out. Come show some love. #EDM #trancefamily events.
downloading & playing w the archivematica vm demo is well documented, relatively easy
Bout to put it down with and the Maurice Brown Effect tonight in Little Rock Arkansas...7 and 830pm sets, rain or shine!!
"I keep my standards pretty low, mama. That way I won't be disappointed." From Otis Driftwood in the movie, "The Devil's Rejects".
Thanks, Stan Dorn, Paul Kendrick, Claudia Page 4 straight-talk webinar on enrolling more ppl in safety net programs w/new health care law.
Lesson from #scandal, never turn your back after threatening a crazy, devious politician (b/c u might get stabbed in the neck w/ scissors!)
5 is my lucky number, so I need one.
got the invite. How many fit on the thing? Need to see if Sarah is down.
Arielle, meet my good friend george - you should probably know each other.
lets make it happen! hook us up!
omg I just screamed so loud!!!!! U deserve it!!!
RT : RT : Are you saving for college? Here are some great tips from #SmartShopper !...
Thanks to our helpers and for the trip prep tonight. Gas up the busses and let's get on the road to Nashville!
I'm just to legit for words. You'll be screaming my name one day. Just watch.
ok ill email it to you!!
There is a crisp chill and a lively breeze which will make for some great sailing on Biscayne Bay this afternoon.
good night sis love ya!
Sad that Brian Dawkins is retiring. One of my top 3 Eagles of ALL-TIME. Guy is a HOFer and a beast. Wish he would never have left Philly
You go to Angel Opening Day, but no Dodgers Opening Day?! Still your home for Dodger Baseball? #whatareyouaboutrightnow ?
New milestone in euro-idiocy as Greece gets 2nd bailout, but agrees to further crash their economy by austerity and remaining in the euro.
If you steal a bait car too , then you'll be fully mexican RT : I wanted to get drunk and eat tacos man
do they each have one of their own? or do they all share one? lol :)
that's awesome! They're little escape artists so I'm always surprised when people manage to hold on to them! Must love you
Can't eat nothing till 9:00 .
Living Is The Most Important Thing...#ToMeRightNow!
Thanks for letting us know we made your Saturday better! : Amazing Post on #12Most today. Thanks for the inspiration!
it's been 1 year since bin laden was assassinated! so happy and grateful someone so full of hate isn't in this world!
Good Monday morning, Twitterverse! I hope a good weekend was had by all.
My back is killing me today! ;(
right? We love it!
At 3rd and lindsley seeing the dunwells and martin sexton. Awesome!!!
dear , i want to listen to your songs all day.
Restt In Peace, Etta James . Youu Were A Wonderful Singer <3 Definitely WIll Be Missed .
Hey how are you.
Give it up for Milfs! Am I right?
Need to see if my Crack Head will flat iron my hair
you make movies omg xD
don't hate. Sixers won't win. Period.
I can't get out much anymore... work work work. but it might just be a good year for tstorms!
I've worked on lots of other image tagging tools, but I'm really excited about TILE, so I had to mention it.
“: O'Death, Charlie Parr, tba confirmed at Cactus- Wed., June 6, 9pm! more details soon...” Fuck yes
Al-Marzooq: Why Al-Wefaq only Shia,? it isn't party's choice but because regime attempts to divide to make it a sectarian issue
Thank you! <3
Amazing night with my gurls Alexa Alyssa Nicole Vanessa and some boys especially Malcolm!!!!
Just donated one of two steak bakes to a homeless man, his stomach will feel like it dined in the ritz tonight, poor lad :/
Obviously, is a deft observer of baseball. His knowledge of House of Fame Left Backstop Carl Ripken is remarkable.
First-ever 3 p.m. newscast to launch in Denver Wow.
Thats a perfect gift, hope u recieve it.
thoses are two different team two different types of teacher.... you will not have leaps or turns
hahaha, that's too funny!! I bet you'll be super productive now that you've realized this! haha
if I learned anything from last night, it's that doesn't necessarily have moves like jagger... haha
So bored! watching my dad play ps3 demos, sweet
nose bong.
your welcome, and aww thanks, i would have asked you to come by at my office, and bring me coffee hahahahahha :P
No thanks got one
Awesome! glad we were able to make it happen!
It's the first episode of "Supercommittee"! Wonder who's going to get eliminated today? I'm thinking Gary Busey.
“ The text I sent Mel last night ¦>>>” Hahaha :D
Awesome obit... Or maybe Im just Tacky. But i thought it was great.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 3 Washington Redskins 17 0:22 in 2nd #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
FLY RT : Chilling wit the homie in my new avi!!! #ForeverFly Power Move!!!
RT : #DMCA Ah, I spoke too soon. DVD CCA / AACS LA counsel showing off a recording he made of a DVD using a smartphone camera.
I know some soldiers in here, where they at?
i'm kind of in love with because last night
: 15 Days and counting
To help you eat a well-balanced meal try dividing plate into quarters -- one for protein, one for carbs and two for fruits or vegetables.
Alright Laker fans - there's no need to boo LO
#People #couldn't get #any #slower. PrincessCiera
#DAMN this tweeting thing everyday is hard! #OnMyGrind to make sure everybody knows #Whatzup with JenoLo Clothing
Heading out to Mayhem!
Tonight I put together a picnic table and started hanging a prehung door. Take that bob vila.
Simple Methods of Detection of Adulterants in Food Products
I do so many weird things at this time o.O
Manny Parra is doing well, as long as you keep him out of pressure situations.
I hope everyone has a fantastic Thanksgiving and remember to be thankful for all the great things you are blessed with!
life can be "planned" to a degree but karma gets in the way of intentional living. It's a balance between planning & responding
Retweet this if this happens to you.. You get all snuggled up and comfortable in your bed.. Then you realize dammit I have to pee!
Thanks for following guys!! Check out some of our videos and music at reverbnation.com/gypsyhealers
Giant Eagle on Rt 8 the one fourth down closer to Pittsburgh they just built last year or so
. thanks for all the ideas lovelies! Xx
Come to Bonds TV & Electronics in Austin after 11:30am today & get coupon for free 3'x6' banner courtesy of
Time to work on these abs of mine.
What's the best product you have used for your hair in NM? Let us know what works! # hair
Race changed to human on my mage, the game has lost some appeal to me.
Omg....mama bought some cookies :-)
The Turnaround: When humans stop programming robots and robots start programming humans.
Great episode of Game of Thrones this evening. Loving season 2 but can't believe it's almost over yet again :(
#Mayweather gettin that Scrooge McDuck paper for this fight
Jesus Steven Tyler! Please don't ever sing the Star Spangled Banner again!!!
thanks so much nice of you to say that
Team members from all over the world are in Singapore this week for our first Dell Worldwide Imaging Marketing & Sales Summit.
Happy birthday ! Three years of caring, feeding & cleaning your doodie. And I still haven't lost any of my pregnancy weight.
The year is already looking brighter!
good come thru
Sundays are more enjoyable when the #Vikings are doing well!!
welcome to twitter babycakes
y lie on ya dick doe..u dont get no pussy!!!! lmao
Yay! We got inside! :D
Any interest in 25% stake in bus company operating between Hunan and Yunnan provinces? Exclusively licensed. 10+ yr operating history.
only two more chances for Uncle Mike. tonight and next Saturday, midnight:30,
if that article says "neon colors" and "animated gifs" I will be screaming "AMEN" ;)]
Oh & 4) If our classes weren't an HOUR long -.-
this is true.
This Roland SPd-Sx is ungodly... So Awesome!!!! POOF!!!!
Driving toi STL, lots of soggy fields in S. Illinois.
Just killed worlds biggest mosquito. I honestly wasn't sure if it was two mosquitos having sex. That big. Thrilling, I know.
TWITTER TWITTER BEYONCE one of the prettiest women i have seen
why is my internet so slow! I can't even play Pandora :(
Hola Floridians! Check out for a chill time
meet Gooble gobble, we accept you, one of us!
need to play some fly union
Lets Go !!
yes sir I am.
Where'd you go?!
On Track to the Kingdom is available for ur kindle, nook, iPad and eReader
Ohh am I glad to be home
im god! :] how are you!
Happy mothers day to all my fellow mommies out there!!!! :)
Love unlocks doors and opens windows that weren't even there before.
who's Shane?
Traffic on the road to las vegas is the best. -_-
Aww shucks #jayhawks #kentucky's a great team, you didn't play well, and there's always next year.
my SDA cousins never eat meat on the Sabbath.
Random ass nigga .
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
I do this all the time on vacation! Have a picture in front of Lahaina Public Library :)
I hope you get to come to the house...you're one of my favorite of sissy's friends ;) haha
hey what if?
not the outcome I was hoping for should have won!
RT : Questions of whether UK could beat an NBA team are ludicrous. Wizards or Raptors would run then out of the frickin' gym.
": #Scorpio is not afraid to cut you down to get what they want. #ruthless"
Playstation network back up, bout time.
Im about to go to footlocker !!!! Before I was my hair hopefully none sees Me nappy headed
Here it is, everyone! Jon Herington of Steely Dan is playing live in the Trustman Gallery on Jan 31st! Be sure to come by!
Hey Ladies!! we're getting it in for yall... we have jeans, shirts, dresses, bags, sandals, AND heels!!! come on by & check us out!!!!!!
Thanks for following back :)
Oh, I'm all for it -- I just got like 6 of em in the last few days.
haha yeah that's for sure!!!! Except Biology. That's a little bit harder but it's not a buzz kill like history.
TRIPLE OT
To EVERYTHING.
that's funny. What age group are you looking to teach?
it might b all of them, but I went 2 the one on rockside in beford.
doing homework:/
I'm str8 up in a country club right now smh the things vagina compelled u to do
BOUT TO BACK OUTSIDE
Self doubt cancer of creativity
Because ActiveSync has caused so many sec issues, we can't allow progress/productivity! Name 1 maj iPhone Sec incident..
go To my moms lmao
Food Network is doing entirely too many D marathons - guess I won't be watching that channel for awhile...
It pains me to pull for the Wild and Ducks, but....<sigh>
Huge black spider ambling cross the kitchen floor. Quoth the swatter, nevermore.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 38
I'm tired and want to focus on my real job
Have we thoroughly vetted the possibility that Jeff Suppan was created by Tony LaRussa to destroy the #Brewers in every possible way?
so excited about ! definitely going!
Also There's loads of research about why it doesn't work in most careers.
RT : Good plans shape good decisions. That's why good planning helps to make elusive dreams come true ~ Lester R. Bittel
Today was such a creatively and socially satisfying day - thanks to art and other artists that made my day! :)
I find Chris Brown extremely attractive along with Adam Levine <3
when does the online oxygen thing start?
Well what the fuck am I gunna do now -.-'
Nothing like a beautiful, lazy Sunday afternoon at #fireflycupcakes!
yup yup!!
Karaoke is BACK ON tomorrow!!! Sorry for the confusion!
i don't see how that could ever happen.
nice job!
In the theater, about to see The Hunger Games! W00T!
Here's a Keys to the Game - Get More Runs!
You've been on my heart today sweet friend!
We're open tomorrow at 7 am for you last minute shoppers - get breakfast, get a gift card, enjoy your day!
An old west train robbery tonight.
looking forward to a good time w/ you and this weekend. <3 Fri. I'm busy. But sat. I'm not ;)
I finally got to 100 followers. Ok, I am not here very much but will be here more from now on. Who will be 101?
Wish I was home but grateful that work is going fairly well. I just keep thinking of everything I need to do before Wednesday at home though
Jammin to MoTown with dad on the commute home. Such a great evening
How does one start the Viagra conversation with their doctor?
and that's the beauty of vinyl. Remove, reapply and your paint is still perfect.
them's fighting words, son!
Currently seeking national theatre actors for upcoming stage play productions.....all inquiries welcomed.
Garlic bread too?
Actually, coming from Spanish, it's more of a "little pod" pod (vaina = pod; vainilla = little pod)!
nah, that's not a job, that's a state of being ;)
So damn hot in my house <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Hi Bill. Have a question for you. Hit me at kung fu when you get a chance.
Have you been in a cave?? ;)
Twitter is proof that you're never too old to have "imaginary friends."
New = awesome. Good to hear from him again...track #1 on first mp3 player (64MB!) I ever got was "Southern Streets Freestyle".
Get to spend the night in my new house tomorrow!(:..
You can be hero, ill be the sidekick, you rain in the storm wen its pouring, or you can be the sun shining in the morning.
Last night: Amazing! Really looking forward to the next couple days here in FL.! Thanks to everybody here for being awesome!!
the NAM and GFS forecast models have a high of 68° in MKE Sunday...with an easterly wind! haha...silly forecast models.
My dad had an uncle. Despite his old age, he was always in front of our door early morning on Friday to bring me Kheer. Memories hurt badly.
You are the star that complets my constilation
OMG - I can't wait -need to set my Tivo!
UW playing PSU for a spot in the title game, not for the title.
all I know is big oil creates jobs
thanks! We have floor tix. See you there!
Obama: "All Americans deserve equal rights." Romney: "Only a priveleged selection of Americans deserve rights." now pick one!
Those folks need to get over it. Orlando is and always will be a big attraction for obvious reasons.
Hey ppl, I'm watching #GG. Golden Girls, right?
People are so ignorant...Englisg isn't everyone's first language
BMI is crap. According to the one my doctor gave me I am obese and another I just took has me as overweight. No way.
Downtown LA at night>>>>>>
yay! We can learn together!
Great. Now neither team will win. RT : Senior Bowl to hire former Browns GM Phil Savage as Executice Director.
#NowPlaying. Whitney Houston. Exhale.
All I wanted was a Mt Dew Slushie... Think I could get that? No. It's either White Out or Shock Freeze... fail Sheetz, fail.
Seriously. Reform starts from the ground up through open dialogue and engaging in a continuous exchange of ideas. It's decentralized
What happened to your blog?
On my way back home
I am here
Ready to watch some players selected in the NFL Draft tonight
Whoever tries out for lead guitar in our band gets free Shock Tarts. And we'll make Creepy Crawlers after the tryout.
Why so soon?
Why does this 4 yr. stock market run feel so fake and the economic recovery seem like the snowman between my sons?
The antiglare materials we have tested all have a rainbowing look in sunlight. We only offer our military grade clear protection.
Sorry to hear about your site. Pls follow & DM the primary domain so we can check the status of your ticket ^CH
i'm done! done with all my coursework. except two easy classes tomorrow. and those five finals next week.........
#MyBiggestProblem Worrying about things I shouldn't worry about.
You've got your hands up, you're rocking in my truck; you've got the radio on, you're singing every song.<3
Where have you been all my life?
Yep. It's a shame.
I think drake should be opening up for on this tour in houston. Hes hotter right now. Pause
well, I don't watch any of those shows
Hope everyone has a safe and happy holiday!
hm. Ill check on it. The managers may have it on private because it is finished with production and set to release.
we don't see eachother enough so we turned the away game into a game we were could drink.
If you knew my trials, you'd understand my joy...
": Oh my, ads on Rush Limbaugh? Bad business decision! IMO. #StopRush #FLushRUsh" he is a male chauvinist!
where is that from ?
And now for Anthony Davis and "One Shining Uni-brow"
I rest my case.
thanks for the RT. What a big news day for local places. SO happy you joined us and brought along last night.
Lesson #2 re sex assault claims: provide both parties with adequate time & info to prepare for a hearing.
Attention shoppers: If you just got a DM from me, it is SPAM. l've already changed my password. Apologies. Do not click on that link!
he gonna be alright I be high up there too
tweet me names for "Dear______"
fantastic, any reviews, good or bad, let me know. it'll be on amazon & all others, plus order from bkstores in about 2 wks.
UK has the best practice facilities and top notch resources to give their players the best tools to develop into the best player
1st person on a 1 p.m. conference call. Should the organizer be 1st? Should I start singing into an empty conference bridge?
some people i really just cannot stand... at all
ignore them there losers
#prayforjapan just terrible.
Thanks Matt. Looking forward to being on the west coast for a while.
According to Elias J. Richardson was actually the last F to do so on 4/15/08. I really wish the NBA specified b/w SF and PF
I love when people say 'Girl you are preaching to the choir', kills me every time.
I'm still at school ,I'm starving
my phone is racist, it finishes any thing ni to nigga and not allowed to and minorities popped in. dam you microsoft!!
I am the ow in the word now!
spread the word about #stopkony ?
CJ can get one in tonight!!!! I feel it!! #SportingKC go #lilrookie go!!
Great workout this morning! Great to see our regulars
You need to do a cover of "Magnet and Steel"! Excellent show last night in DC. Sorry we're a town of working stiffs!
lo #hate game smh
Twitter on iPad >
YES PLEASE <3
dad's been home for a month now and he's doing incredible ... thank you everyone for your prayers <3
#ImminentDanger Stanley, MJS managing editor: you can see why it is such a problem to come to agreement. People turn to personal agendas
Aw, the Obamas are hosting a Burt Bacharach concert in the East Room next week
I don't know of I could stay up to watch it all! :o
Off to an audition. Improv. I love these types of auditions.
There's a difference between the two! These things are important! ;)
Me right now tbh. “: Physically in school but not mentally there. #sotired #senior12prblms”
#RiseofthePlanetoftheApes . such a great movie. "Caesar is home"
Felipe Melo STILL trending? Damn
Freezing my ass off; how is it this cold right now?
yo gotti is on my xbox live friends list
Boyle was told that his apparent SHG was waves off for a kick.// loooool”
Too many people are living for compliments, instead of accomplishments.
#Jobseekers, hope to meet you during #HireFriday today! DM for info on newest job openings through Cambridge.
surviving summer camp day 3.... exhausted!! just glad the kids are having fun
Same shit different day .
I gotta text message that just pissed me off -G.Kirkland)
Euribor rates edge closer towards euro-era low
Happy Cinco de Drinko! Stay safe everyone!
ONE MONTH COUNTDOWN
Sounds good, if Mike needs a reference have him contact Dave at Picciones', they know each other.
Ready and waiting for you and Alison Bechdel! Walk-ups are welcome. Come on down.
People are already lining up outside Best Buy in Richfield for Black Friday deals! Find out what they want on WCCO Radio at 9am.
yuh. i saw ya'll at sweat records a while back at the metro zu show. message me mayne
And where I live..
my fault. I was riding a bike “: #TardyForTheParty RT : Omg - and just walked in. Woot! #smcnsb”
you're so cute!
what is all the stuff we have to look up? Cuz then i can do mine. Otherwise i'll have to do it tmrw.
My brother & nephew registered for comp admission for today's event. They just give their names once they arrive?
I Move House Too Much, I Really Wanna Park It Somewhere.
ah... Literally a clothes line... I wanted to see a wrestling move!!!
Beautiful Women A Get A Nigga Fucked Up!!
Listening to 300Soundtrack while lifting turns a good workout into an epic battle between iron and beast.
Ron Paul doesn't want to go to the moon b/c when he was a boy , the moon was commonly thought of as the god of the underworld.
just had a physical done and got a good ole 2 finger salute from the DR damn getting old sucks
-3 for the first round on 13 on kinect. Four 3-jacks though.
#doctorphil should fucking shut up and not call things that are funny raisest...look i just seid nigga...I am white..does that that matt ...
God Morning!!:)
sure would be nice if ATT upgrades their services.
Free Mixtape!! Hit Me up for a tracked out version...
Dear Kaylee, I LOVE YOUR NAME, K? We need to talk more, btw. You seem epik in my book tho.(: Tweetmeupsometime.! Love, Tatsiana
... If I were a Smurf I would be Jokey ... That guy was awesome! :)
Shame on them!
Mine will be 27 years this June 15th!
Just got off work tired as hell.. finna go fantastic4: make myself disappear, flame up, stretch out and sleep like a rock
So and can't find anything in government to cut. What do you people think?
haha do you have a facebook?
Ooh, that sounds good. I haven't had decent cornbread in awhile. Pumpkin soup and fudge cake :)
First Lady is in Dallas
Scholars don't understand the role of librarians, esp in the digital humanities
I don't understand the way men operate...
Amazed by lack of media attention on stock market this week. Not even an article in NY Post. Govt must be controlling negative news now
dan admitted to me that he thinks hes mentally slow... i knew it
Happy International Women's Day! Band together with women worldwide to celebrate womanhood and continue the fight!
its like 3 in the morning and can hear my cats beating the shit out each other outside
M delicious delicious man at SportsClub. Why didn't I wear my sexy shorts!
Next stop? Chicago! Z
C'mon man
Happy Holidays everyone!
RT “: Invest In Yourself.”
Got leads? NetTel does: 10 already today!
The fact that and I were born a day a part explains a lot about our attitudes. lol. But at least we're pretty :-)
Two questions: Who is Joseph Kony? Where's the OIL?!
- you recovered yet?;)
Rihanna -- I'm NOT Dating Raiders RB Darren McFadden
Rip Etta James
lol well when you not tired anymore cook for me
you're looking at a painting. you're looking at a picture. you're watching a film. you're dying.
who run this account? is it Harry (:
How you know? RT : Hell naw The Game fired Tia and Pooch aka Melody and Derwin! Well I want watch the show
Having a great Sunday Chillin'! And you?
Cenk is just mad his inferior show got canceled from MSNBC and replaced with Far Superior show, Politics Nation. is much better..
wake n bake that strong
pay no attention, you only get a few characters to work worth anyways. we understand you just fine!
FREE LEGAL FORMS, FREE BUISNESS DOCUMENTS, 900,000 CHEAPEST NATIONWIDE LAWYERS SITE & 500 LEGAL BOOKS ON AMAZON.COM, ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
Thanks for sharing our research summary.
Love y'all to <3
Sent nephews down a steep hill in a wagon with a long rope tied to the back for a break. Its what uncles do right?
I just spent time wandering around my twitter feed in 3D. That was pretty cool, needs more work... but it is promising.
If you haven't been through it, you can't say shit.
I know ur here 4 me through these hard times right now God. I'm putting everything in ur hands now and asking 4 the strength 2 endure
All the Sutter skeptics look sorta foolish now... I guess.
well the reason is phase 1 is set to load you up on protein, cut carbs, then it starts to bring them back in.
great! Looking forward to hearing from u when it's done! :)
How Could Going Green Benefit Your Small Business? The reasons to go green are often pitched as necessary changes for the continued exist
(Back-up account. Tweet limit.) All the drama on Twitter is about James not being in the Vacouver pics && Carlos && Sammy.
Hey, nice! I've been trying to create something similar (but simpler) on weebly. This looks better.
out of fresh ideas Gusgus?
Correction, Event Horizon with Ancient Astronaut Theory tonight. This will be bad ass.
Thanks for the wonderful story of CASA DC youth and how she thrives with her volunteer advocate
What the world really needs is more love and less paper work.
Good tips - The First Hour of an Online Crisis shar.es/b0xsm #edelmandigital /via
Lol im on the phone w u stop tweetin
Final days of the espresso bar Come now or forever hold your peace. Or your piece. Up to you.
Dear Pizza Delivery Truck That Looks Like A Vacant Cab: stop confusing everybody. Also, what are you doing delivering pizzas at 8am?
lol headed to Airport to catch my flight bk to Atl
Do yourself a favor and turn on the Big Ten Network to see and hear on the call.
LOL! I'm guessing the teacher told you about the story?
Tweeting from my computer class
wait warped or 1d? lol cause warped is better!!!!!
Are you missing something extremely important to your business? Do you wonder if you should invest more in Social Media Marketing?
CNN is doing a superb job at camera work tonight, capturing the narrative of the room.
I'm giving my nieces, nephews, and cousins a sleepover.
Trying to reduce my inputs.
BESTFRIEND: the one you can get mad at only for a short period because you have important stuff to tell them.
Plus, get there early to enjoy free cupcakes from EMILY'S DESSERTS!
average temp games played at sports authority in 2011 was 54 degrees. 9/12 75 degrees-rain, 1/1 35 degrees all sunny days.
I hear Willie is there as well. True?
Dog-sitting provided great opportunity for mini-power walk in beautiful WNY on a gorgeous March evening with a feisty terrier!
Surman @ #inplay2012 - limited distribution channels isn't good for anyone, including most big publishers; only Apple wants this
I just really wanna be involved in that, like booking tours and managing bands and all okay how fun would that be
I saw that crate flying. Do not envy people in the crowd.
tell merrydick to make a tweeter
i guess i never tweeted about how cool it is to have my stuff up somewhere...
yup im wit any wendy trip anytime lol
I've got the #Celtics in the first game winning and then i am going for #OKC in game 2 sorry #lakers fans
at the risk of sounding stalkery- I dreamt I was attending #Blogalicious11 and got to meet you and several other amazing bloggers
YES! RT : Breaking: NBC Renews PARENTHOOD For Season 4.
Oh yes, I'm definitely reading right now.
You "hear" from other people.. But have you ever actually heard from me?
if it was blue/teal I've seen these young men riding around smiling ion many occasions.
A little 9 year old boy with brain cancer has one wish to be trending on twitter His name is #RyanKennedy Pls RT to help him
thanks for bring a chuckle and a laugh to me day with your tweets.
hey morning chmpudines
#howard stern #americas got talent. King of all media to host.
Well, you're welcome, but also: thanks, back. I enjoyed reading them. :-)
lyrically went from a bic to a flamethrower
Mark, we're starting a fact finding effort about vehicle habitation violations, San Diego,. Is this a concern for you?
Any graphic designers out there that read/listen to us? We're looking for a cool, scale-able logo that sums up the show. Let us know!
Miss you more Karla! Add me on Skype now: dfinla! Kisses
Great call with via
Thank you for this!
Unlock the heart of your Valentine this season by booking a couple’s massage.
yeah got a bruise
Pretty much, unless Thanos shows up.
O.o
Avengers was great!
“Ideas have a short shelf life. You must act on them before the expiration date.”
Thinking too much of what others think of you ultimately changes what you think of yourself.
Living Legends of Aviation was awesome! Harrison Ford presented an award; and Morgan Freeman received "Inspiration and Patriotism Award."
New workaholics and new futurama would work better than new workaholics and new tosh
N American money how much would a hostel be?
"Art is constant tension & release. That is where artists live, between the two or at times submerged in either." Dave Liebman
New genre every week on FM Expressive! (Sun 10pm-12am)
how is that possible he's so fluffy and plump. And i'm guessing we didn't win the giveaway
My pleasure! Blessings, Psychic Bob
ayo bro I got ahommie that want you to call. he said he want to pay u 50 dollars to speak with u about a business deal
There is no internal peace without internal honesty.
The efficiencies of equipment and how technology keeps getting better! You?
Next, will make you lose the beard OH WAIT
RT : Keep all alert! On 4/24 all shd visit website for a nice surprise!
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
I don't trust these niggas ...
David broke my flower... he was just picking it up & then, omg.
Castle rockin it up then on to windsor and fort collins to visit family and friends.
G. Roger Denson: When the Personal Is Made Political: Left Political Art Timeline, 1980-1989
For a project looking for early instances of dc:rights, prior to summer 2001. Anybody got data?
Damn my baby got that good powowuye.
Thanks, we do our best :)
6.5 mile beach run, all the way to Pacific Palisades mountains. The weather is ridiculous, going to catch some rays for a bit! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
Headed to Loring Park.
I'll build my way out of your demise.
I have been to the falls and I love it :)
Your neenerneenerneener just pushed me over the Ohmygodmygmailisdown edge.
Watch me get smacked by Asian carp in Central Illinois. Checking out worst spot in nation for special report tonight on KSTP-TV at 10.
happy birthday (: Have a great one! xx
oh..I loved all 3 records u gave me..esp the Yellow one!
#3thingsyoushouldknowaboutme 1.i don't take shit from anyone 2.I'm honest,if you don't like what i say idgaf 3.don't get on my bad side grrr
lol come im all cute not naughty
wanna chill monday ? i aint got shit planned .
I'm actually bawling, this is just one more thing I don't need to be happening
We are going to Chavez to have the ceremony :I lol
Congrats you just won 4 free tickets to Opening Day of Summerfest! DM to provide contact info!
Roswell NM is centered all around the UFO museum I found out the hard way the museum is the type of place u pay, u take a pic, u Go!!!
Morphine life
I read a story about a man strapping his girlfriends 4 kids onto the top of his car and driving around. Nuts... #JailTimeDUMP!
RT ": Big Thank you to all the Astros fans for the love and support the past year1/2. H-town will always be home.”
Will do
wat it dew
You can help your business partnership.
Man dat Blake Griffin Dunk is OK. He barely touched da rim. Good but not no dunk of da year.
Dust off your TEAL, y'all! RT : Just finished planning the #Tealtini Happy Hour on 9/8!!
I don't know how I'm going to tell you I can't play with you no more
And no fishbowl, because Luongo doesn't coach college football.
Could I ask you important question?
right about now little brandon.
Damn you Linda Holmes!
Anyone w info about couch surfing or hostels pls call me. 3473675689
Times are hard but life is good. Thank God for everyone I love and everyone that loves me!
PR Tip of the Day: Never, ever burn a reporter with bad information. If they can’t trust you as a source, you will no longer be a source.
Brilliant! I wish that we could import contacts from Twitter... #Google+
i have an ipod. computer. steve jobs was our wizard to us muggles.
Good Morning People
Got approval for my dance from my grandson. Getting ready for my big day.
You look like a "Princess" upon whose neck I would enjoy feasting... Why don't you ever visit?? Your Friend, Love, MM
Sending up prayers to all my friends in a scary tornado warning in Alabama & Tennessee. Be safe!
I agree. There is still a feeling of the "Old West" lingering in NV
Cool seeing ,, and , today.
sitting in the student parking lot bumping refill !
I didn't know that lol! We have some family friends who own a resort on Indian Point, so we always stay there in a condo.
did he just miss quote an REO Speedwagon song??
Today I did a total of 72 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups iPhone app. (Week 4, Day 2, Level 1)
Settling into the new place. Hello Los Angeles!
Hey #LAKings, #VanCanucks would like to play in the Detroit/San Jose Golf Classic that starts tomorrow. Let's help out!
A tiring week with a big weekend ahead. On the plus side, I got the copier to work.
RT : How can YOU get involved in #DPLA? Join workstream, wiki, support radical collab, attend/host an event.
Done. & Meryl. RT Hanks rumored to play Walt Disney in film about bhnd-the-scenes drama of MARY POPPINS t.co/0iWngXuh
man Marv you late on the tweet game.. We been here done this lol
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate <U+FFFD>
recall news: 14 humans sickened w/ Salmonella via Diamond brand dog food(several recently recalled). Touching pets after feeding may b cause
Ok, I need to figure out this twitter thing...
Correction.. Mike crisp *
Watching the race?
i am still tha one and onli CHARACTER IN THIS RAP GAME NO MATTER WAT HAPPENS
I'm good just watchin TV & votin
NY teams are having a tough couple of days. LAA/NYY 4-3 in the 7th.
Out WSOPC Event 5. Coming back Saturday to play the main event.
You moron, Dill pickles don't destroy communites Meth does
U2 Michelle ! “: Happy Monday Peeps! May your week be productive and fulfilling! <3”
done for the night!!
either of you going to Facebooks meetup for nonprofits in a cpl weeks?
stop being a pussy
The Boob Dust worked! You won a microchip for your pet! We have the certificate.
“Art is not a thing, it is a way.” ~Elbert Hubbard
Nobody get what I go through, what ive been through.
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
Enjoying a relaxing clean up of the Bus office after FestiBus last night. SO WORTH IT
TODAY- I'll be live on the Urban Forum Talk Radio Show at Deja Vu Book Lounge & Sensational Boutique -1783 Lexington Ave in NYC from 4-7p.
Thanks! We appreciate your business! RT Love the iPhone app!
If you have more than 2,000 Facebook friends you really need to get your shit together
Thanks, but Italian girls know how to work it every second of our lives. On the streets and in the sheets
Like in the next 2 years
Brandon - Impossible to verify All his moves.
Which part of Oklahoma are you in?
People be jealous of our
But I do like it when you say it....
Very possibly, as is the case with so very many places. I love working in a kunsthalle
It's on. Is this a test of the American Broadcasting system?
I have no clue what you're talking about! i am pretty sure you made that up to get $10 off of me lol
bout to start renting out clubs. But throughout the next couple months we got some mixtapes set to drop.
Drake's On A Plane
Religion is not why evangelical conservatives oppose #Romney. It's his moderate background and
you have a lot of fav movies btw love you new icon<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Tucson's Business Clubs America holding it's May Signature Event at Loews Ventana Canyon this Thursday. Guest Speaker is Gene Marks of NYT
As it turns out, I HATE being blackout drunk. Lolol
Your pussy is powerful... Like it has a strong scent... Terrible enough to smell coming a mile away
hello gorgeous :)
Picked up a box from the shop for my bday headpiece. Thank you - it shall be put to a devious (but good) use!
"Market yourself as a multi-tool."
Colorado lab tech blames boss for mistakes on DUI blood sample tests - Denver Post
damn right you can't.
Leff: notion of a "green economy" has transplanted more nuanced notion of "sustainability"
Sometimes I don't want to be here.
"Spit-up on my shoulders" gave me a Connie Francis earworm.
Yes. But you'll be disappointed.
Did you see us at the International Boston Seafood Show?
Going to pick up my Mom's Edible Arrangement.
Good Morning.... Happy Friday.. Day 2 *Wisconsin State Fair* .. WoooHoooo
I fucking love Blood Bank!
Thanks for Disco-ing with us! It was fabulous!
Just wondering if you got my email I sent a little over a week ago? Haven't gotten any word back since then.
Big Bill supports #OccupyChicago! As mayor, I was called "The People's David," fighting for the regular Chicagoan vs. the sinister interests
Sorry! But I refuse to root for miami. -_- lol
Trev has decided to get wasted right before dinner at my house
german shepherd :> but he was the only one with an blue eye. lasjdl;ksadjf i love his eyes :> gahhh
Correction. took the day off just to get some
can I bring gasoline too? please please please?
My brother desperately needs a job in the Tomball, TX area. Has an AA degree and is a hard worker. Please help.
Good morning sunshine :)
Extra grateful for my New School classmates today :-)
"we ended gender discrimination by insurance corps..there was a gender tax!" Why would we go back?
I love you
Yep, it's pretty lame, isn't it? Remind me to tell you some stories from my time in the trenches, as an orchestra librarian!
Who all's coming to Panama City Beach for Spring Break?!
we good celtics still in it
See what's crazy is, two people arguing basketball, two brains, and Google... And still you got nothing right..
. If I don't get an associate professorship AT LEAST out of this, the internet will have failed. Coming for datazz, Shelby Foote.
how can I send you inappropriate direct messages if you're not following me back? I guess email could suffice.
Amy Bruchs: Unfair competition agreements--more than just noncompetes.
-Nice story -Congrats!
We are too! Our #StreetVendorFundraiser @ the ELACC house is days away, so we hope you can make it/ RT!
There is no such thing as a perfect leader either in the past or present, in China or elsewhere
Hell Yeah
Reporting live from Uncommon Women Series where the topic is non profit work.
Bach often liked to play around w the letters in his name (H was Bb or something). No D in Bach...
Have you joined our valued program? W.sushisasadenver.com/valuedprogram/
My mom notices when guys check me out more than I do
#anfernee jr. came to play #duke # michigan
starts at 7.30ish. But will go for a while I hear its fashionable to be late these days.
I have now tried Chicago and New York pizza...who is the winner?!
it is me its Mason . asked if I wanted to guest tweet. Heck ya! It's been awesome
“: Lots of skunks in Arkansas.” yeah it wasn't weed hahaha
Watching shoot video!
Good morning!!!
yay! Can't wait!
Off work kinda tired but o well
I use my house keys to open my door, i use my #piano keys to open your mind and soul.
Can I make an appt with you? For bike fit. What's the best way to do that? Thanks!
I wasn't until now, but: KETCHUP!
I'm glad my daughter has gotten a grasp on this and chosen to really have control and limited the on line usage & totally focus on school <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
chill with that! mickey mouse is a cartoon and he hasnt done no harm to you! lol
Work work work work lol. Tomorrow is pay day!! xD then Harry Potter with friends? I think so.
Ugh life could be a Lil better right now
where does he live?
all I wanted was a Pepsi!!!?!
you completely just made my whole entire day....<3
let's hear it!!
so is it a publishing medium then? people are posting what they're thinking about? or what they want? or just "liking" things?
DHHS's Patrick Gavin will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow. Congratulations!
I don't like who you've become. We need to talk, ASAP.
The world ending in 2012? I think we're all forgetting Phil of the Future was from 2121.
I am attending Google's webinar Happening right now!
Yw RT : Thanks for retweet! Hope you're having a great day!
There are a lot of swimming pools in DAWN OF THE DEAD's alternate universe Milwaukee...
ONE DAY 'TIL DISCO! Online advance ticket sales have ended, but don't fret! You'll be able to buy tickets at the door tomorrow!
Smile when you answer the phone. Your customers will love you for it.
Thank you for all the shoutouts! Really appreciated!
Today is my first "last day of the fiscal year" at Murray State. Hoping I have everything done that needs to be done by the end of the day.
walking around w/ my seester, neeeda clear my mind.
We want to know - Would you get a service animal to assist you with daily activities based on a disability? What type of animal would it be?
and I am so happy you ate here.
What will your legacy be?
"In God we trust, all others must bring data." -Eric Schmidt, Executive Chairman of Google
I can tell you the lyrics to every Yellowcard song.
Swagger if I want to.
can't wait!
#lifelessonsfromoldfilms The best game to play with a handsome retired jewel thief is: everytime you say a mean thing, kiss
": Warming up for#Mad Men w/ "Redemption" high-rye bourbon blend. Maybe Sterling Cooper should pitch the account."
did you write on my car last night #fuckyaifitwasyou lol
Good Friday is definitely an American holiday. What other day would Americans celebrate screwing someone else for their own gain?
RT : The Dewey Decimators didn't win at Trivia last night, and I think it was mostly due to not being in...
I'll be number 3 for ya cause 3rd times a charm
Cool site.
Are lady lobbyists the new pharma reps? Pls advise.
RT : I want to make a television show called "How It's Torn Apart." The answer will always be "wild dogs."
i love austin mahone so much <33
Haha thats why he's always grunting cause he's out of breath. LoL fat mother fucker
Wow that is awesome!You will def have to let me know when you go national!And sure thing what page would you like me to share
my profile pic is one of my main designs out now. It comes in multiple colors as well.
what's your name ? Lol so we can play
Q: What do you call a fake noodle? A: An Impasta.
We are finishing up post-production this week. Sending out for packaging in the next couple weeks. Look for news on upcoming screenings.
I get all my Music, News, Quotes, etc from Twitter
thanks much!! Starting to get up there now....yikes!
Listening 2 the radio
don't worry about it I'm just gonna charge it and just give me the money in NYC !!
NASCAR takes the week of for Easter. Conversely, the Masters Tournament was played yesterday. Conclusion, golfers are pagans.
Oral exam for senior thesis. really don't want to blow this one.
Diggy Simmons needs to stay in his damn lane...he can't even afford to say J.Cole's name lol
Should have specified "...and I don't personally know you" Hehehe. :) But you have tweeted since then.
Life's Greatest Treasures - Weeping may endure for a night, But joy comes in the morning. Psalms 30:5 What would be the point of living...
I found you a pilot !
Day-f---ing-eynu.
NCAA won't let Joe B Hall coach the UK Legends against the Dominican National team at Rupp Arena!!! Opinion??
Great prom night! After party time wooop
Just got a Baller apartment. Already saw two hot chicks Layin out. It's like I'm back in Malibu.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here. William Shakespeare
holy crap, . We have the coolest friends ever! RT-ing now!! :-)
don't tempt me lol
Tweet me any question related to customer service & feedback for your business! I'll answer it in 140 characters or less, I am here to help!
too positive for your style, or in general?
At home watching Titanic shows on NGC
The truth always comes to light !!
Fingers crossed the sound of the rain helps me sleep tonight.
which one?
Getting another tattoo this summer , I only have 1 . Ppl barely know I got that one !
DVD Regions 1-7 are covered are covered in both NTSC and PAL...also a Digital Copy available on the two disc set in case.
So why am I supposed to like Sleigh Bells?
#Occupy isn't getting as much attention at #mla12 as I expected. Has the academy's activism turned largely inward?
Ready to see my peeps and head to the lake for the weekend!
Keratoconus is an abnormal bulging of the cornea of the eye.
I can relate. Food allergies are scary, life changing, and difficult, but they're also expensive!!!
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. I'm going to run a Mud Run! What gets your butt off the couch?
I avoid running with scissors! Haha. And I joined a gym.
As usual I'm too busy doing nothing, to find something useful to do, I really should finish off writing the sitcom I started
Win an iPad 3 (32GB) for having the best score on Flap! (iOS) which is available now...for free. Top score on Game Center, wins the iPad.
Share your favorite word. Today I pick: inspire.
That sounds like a brilliant mix, just add a shot of limoncello!
r u awake friend.
I do the same thing Sharon. No frills 4 me either. Probably because I'm surrounded by boys/males.
my mom was struck in the face by one of those helicopters at the mall. Have you ever done a story on the safety of them?
how do you know this?
I don't like chemistry that much.<U+E421>
So Congress can't change the budget for 10 years...what type of governing is that??
Granger was gone give it to Lebron
Useful discussion of scale from Josh Mehler in J10
« I'm going back to sleep.»
Dear Bank of America - can I please pass on the "new benefits" and just skip the new monthly fee?
Happy Friday! Celebrate the weekend with us at Last Comic Standing tomorrow night - 10pm in the Weasler
or atleast wear a bag over your head
retweet this one....
Yes, I would like to talk about #ochi library.
Getting pumped up about the Ampeg GVT5-110 giveaway! Are you?
RT : i've moved a lot in the past ten years.
Thanks for the follow , , and
yes, except I wanted a nap :/
Feelings hurt bc u got ignored? :) RT : I'm curious to know what tweets celebrities deem necessary to reply to vs. which to ignore
what's up??
I know 3 facts about you: 1.You can't say 'M' without your lips touching. 2.You're trying it now looking like an idiot. 3.Now you're smiling
Help us take back Congress & join us at our phonebank on Thurs. @ 5:30pm. Hilton Bayfront, Sapphire Room L
Merry Christmas everyone! It's great people are personalizing their text messages this year!
miss u too! also
Listening to e2onair - gospel show
Some people are annoying. And justify the wrong because they think they're 'in love'. Well ive got news for you. YOURE ANNOYING AS BALLS!
Did u c the Bube Brewery on TAPS? lol. RT : Boobs.Bewbs. Thats rely the only point to this tweet. ( . ) ( . )
RT Kodak to sell its photo-sharing site to Shutterfly
I just said "HammerofThor!" loudly in your honor.
Hope the physics problems get easier. :)
Whoopi's fart ended the war?!
on our way
Ha.. You're so fake.
Thanks, glad you liked the tutorial! Always happy to meet more WordPress folks in
Have a great time! Eat beignets! Don't drink the water! Tweet!
At the crime scene lol
how you feeling????
That milk bite commercial is cute I love that mini thing
The Black Mamba and CP3 in LA. Thoughts?
Parking non-issue (motorcoach) Probs not downtown as previous night they'll be Lodging @ Westin Hotel
RTOREWARDS turns passive customers into active, engaged customers by rewarding positive behaviors and encouraging repeat business. Call us!
You can always order online! We have many more styles available on our site than in our cozy shop-- & free U.S. shipping! :)
Get it jayhawks.
Biology today guise c; good luck!
Aw thanks :D 5'1 ftw! : A Train don't worry about heels you will stand tall in tennis shoes!
ion you trynna share i walk over dere and everything
you would.
it's all good, awesome i will let you know as more information becomes available.
RT : nice job andy and crew: Startup Kansas: Kickanotch Raises $1.1 Million For Its One-Stop Mobile Marketing Shop...
I dislike when Ibrahim tried to get me to talk to her.
get some CHeep!
Good daddy. :)
Never in my life did I think I would boo #worldpeace but a #laLakers made it happen
Ok...so who has done #insanity?
call you in 30 min
Hmm, then I think I can go on the 5th or 6th depending on the time if thats okay! Did he tell you anything about time?
Truth will set you free
dude! It's seriously so annoying! It made me want to throw my phone!!
Thanks for the #FF :D
why? That is kind of sad! Don't they get lonely?
Waiting on to set up this studio time...
#whatcouldtopwednesday saints and members of NFC announce secession, reviving USFL
what a coincidence! I hear they have some of that at Jose Macs.
congrats on the overwhelming launch ;) chaos makes for a good start
Tasty Tuesday! This sounds like a delicious salad. Well, anything with avocados, really.
What I really need is a puppy .-.
Isn't it amazing the kinetic energy potential mother earth possesses? Cool stat!
Why would I talk to you if all you do is annoy the shit out of me?
Wow! Tebow is amazing!
shot out
Best boyfriend: for taking care of me<U+E418> I love you more than words can describe babe<U+E328>
Chilling with my girls! :)
talking about the difference between practitioners & researchers - & how they have historically been lumped together
Working on the June newsletter... looking forward to the lime green boots!
Nice day at the Grand Rapids Public Museum!
Exactly what I was thinking.
Love my Zagg! While it isn't the cutest, the keyboard has super long battery life & thoroughly protects the iPad. Good choice!
Getting some Easter bunny prints ready!
Is there a talk show host race for 'most sincerely concerned face?' I ask, because it seems Ann Curry is in some sort of competition.
I need some traditional sounding Nigerian names. Help me out people!!!
Just saw last Died laughing "I swear to God Megan I will cut your hair & kill you if you don't move faster."
ill do that (: i really hope it makes up for this other song. I understand sometimes not the better songs that come out 1st.
MCC to MIZ “: Just pledged my verbal commitment to the University of Missouri! #Tigers #MIZ”
After sending an email campaign, I love to keep refreshing my MailChimp dashboard to see real-time opens and click rates.
It's just hard to take anything too seriously in Comic Sans which strangely worked for the Pepsi and Coke ads. Lol
so i already know who my 23,000 tweet is going to! if u can guess i ll add u to the tweet =-]
Majority of Americans support #SB1070 because most Americans support the enforcement of our country's immigration laws
You too? Awesome!
You're most welcome!
Thanks for the link let me read on
thanks to your tweet, everyone IS at Anvil! There was a line spilling onto Westheimer :)
Now up is the final presentation session for #umwfa11 Student Careers, Job Bank, and Teaching History Commons
That's a bummer, but you're amazing for your devotion! :)
just came back from Malibu Beach!!!
It's oh so clear
The mailbag: Ranting about schedules - ESPN (blog)
glad i got my ticket before the weekend! sold out hella fast!
Thanks for the RT Very much appreciated!
Can't take credit. It's a classic. :)
I havent been able to talk to anyone the last week, working 17 hour days, but finishing today so catch up call time!!
all seats are general admission. No reserved sections
Taking a nap right after eating some bomb food is just amazing
Haha.Im trying to get the hang of this.Lol.But Hey :)
I would suggest Claudaugh or Hofbrahaus!
Happy #Monday! How was everyone's weekend?
ha ha well ur not sweating if ur tweetin ;-)
The easiest way to lose a lot of weight is to have a lot of weight to lose.
Have a great Thanksgiving from the Nunn Center. Take time to listen to life stories this holiday
Food done who want some teriyaki chicken and veggie rice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Everybody is just a stranger. That's the danger in going my own way. That's the price I've got to pay.
Sometimes you struggle so hard to feed your family one way, you forget to feed them the other way, with spiritual nourishment.
REMY MARTIN GOT ME FEELING GOOD HE SAUD WASSUP
good...not on twitter much...lets catch up on email: you can find it on my page. = )
I just got it- I don't have Internet for the majority of my school day
Yes, I eat raw spinach with my fingers sometimes.
Who Is Like The Lord? NOBODY!
": Thinking about new boobs by the fall. Don't think u need them at all! Ur perfect.
You Really Got Problems Ok. Someone Needs To Teach You A Lesson Before I Do
many congrats! I can wait for the day I can say that. It will happen sometime in 2019!
No, I'm saying "what? NO!?" Sorry for the confusion.
only my honky tonk hero oh and some girl named Carrie underwood. ...
Kings Road Cafe in West Hollywood has a great huevos rancheros. Order it without sour cream and you have a gluten and dairy free breakfast!
HI, My name is Ash'Lee & i'm addicted to buffalo wild wings.
any of those two.
Just 45 mins until the next special performance by du Soleil @ #drupa - only 5 more chances to see it, don't miss out!
Ugh i heard you been lying. i heard you been snitching... Thats why i cant Fu** wit you instigating Bitches, cappn on me and my nigg**
Bahn Mi Sunday!! Yes, everyones favorite pork belly sandwich is back, along with your choice of chicken or tofu. Only on Sundays!!
just a small town girl... livin in a lonely world !
Hi Stella! We sent you some info earlier today about our new Chicago-based app, ! Just wanted to see if you got it!
Progressive Dane Board Cand: Jeff Pertl, Susan Bailey, , Paul Rusk, Patrick Downing, Maureen McCarville, Patrick Miles! [2/2]
there is actually nothing in it. Just read through. Guess its just a cover.
lol. You petty too then
Listening to my newest track... L.O.V.E... it is da shyt
I know because it came from you!
Kickin some ass!
was funny to look up and see dicaprio standing on the side smoking a cig
Brilliant roots tunes playing right now. Sounds like Sylford Walker.
never say never
Lets go #Brewers!
Note to self: milspec Camelbak reservoirs cost the same as the consumer grade ones and look much cooler.
even though it was yesterday, happy #nationalbestfriendday love ya to <3
Veteran Media Executive Alan McGlade Launches DEV to Promote Next Generation Digital Media Companies
In need of a science experiment topic in your house? Try putting one old egg and one fresh egg into a bowl of water and see what happens!
Thanks for the mention about 4word Thought!
Shit! You just had to crush my dreams, huh?
have a great DC weekend!
Saturday stop by your local branch and fill out a postcard to City Council!
you suck
Madison, WI, USA
Congratulations! Hopefully the heat wasn't too much!
KFC Employee of the Year: D-wade haha
What's a seven letter word for something that is sweet, best served cold, and is what Kuh-laire's gonna get? Oh, yeah! Revenge.
Java has only good parts for you? Please let me LOL like I never did.
Where are you guys now?
The hate is flowing for right now....so proud! And they said Cleveland let it go.
have you ever seen elbows thrown like that from a standing position in an MMA fight?
A coming split between knowledge and degrees?
yeah, and although Arsenal fans (esp away fans) sing it often, I have heard Chelsea fans sing it too. It is kinda universal
Justin get in my fucking bed !!!<3
Done with work for the night. You know the drill!
tell me this isn't a one time thing tonight ? Great to hear you on the radio again man !
call me
I just met the director of our institute! she's so nice! after 5 weeks, this job is starting to feel real.
"I am the Marlow of my mouth" - philip roth, the anatomy lesson.
C'mon Lakers. Please just close this out. Up 5 with 14 minutes left to go.
Seriously this summer is gonna be great. <3
Oan: I ain't mad just wish they would tell us there secret.....To much like right!....
May issue arrives from the printer today; wing nites per usual; Aultman Brothers at the Brown; DJs at Boomies & Coney...
Very cool! Glad to see you here. :)
Then ima get behind it &d ima make that thang ride,riiidddeeee :D
Happy Valentines day everyone! I hope your sweetie gets you a Royal Flush
"Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education." — Martin Luther King Jr.
Since it's been a wacky week...let's end it with some wacky vids -- send me your favorites -- I'll start though....
When is it? I shud be in ny 28-29 WE anyway : I was just looking into it!
Hey. You don't know me and all, but I want to marry you so you can father my young.
im watching all the vids u were in with alex :)
With my girliesss :*
Strawberry Icee....yum...
I shall not say goodbye cause i dont wanna lose u. I shall simply say goodnight in hopes of seeing you again tomorrow! Xo xo-Prince
Very Inspirational story on on CBS Sunday Morning today, Justin is an incredible musician and even better person!
FOLLOW ME, ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME
At the 2012 awards gala!
hey at least now you have an excuse for them getting beat :).
It will not stop rainin in indianapolis
Ran over a squirrel... don't tell Abby
Funny #wine quote apparently attributable to Louis P Martini: "You want oak? Chew a toothpick!"
Yo i found an Octane CD today while i was cleaning my apartment, can I get a RT?
Anyone out there running #BostonToBigSur ? I need a pacer. :)
Happy New Years all! 2012 is gonna rock! It has already started off great! I have two auditions and a new job:)
Snooze Fest! Is this the bathroom break part of the show? Go back to commercials
We're up to 200 Likes! Thanks to all of our great customers! We'll have the drawing & announce the winner this afternoon
I.love it.i live it.when you eat
One of the most # #AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay is that they are giving away real samples and don't. Follow us for real free samples daily.
Yes sir. I would loves some recs. It was great to meet you too!
Pray everyday for the next day.
A wish doesnt just come to you nataturally you gotta play life by the gun and live it, make it happen. For some day that wish you made b ...
Really did not like the pilot for the HBO show "Girls". Couldn't relate to any of the characters. :(
Alone again, naturally
Runyan canyon time!!
Dip to the ground as I catch the bass..
Happy Halloween everyone!
Did you know, Americans collectively donated $303 billion to non-profits in 2009?
The guy behind me just criticized "Sheldon Brokeback"
im classy
My hair sheds so much im like a dog
RT Every night before I go to sleep I check under my bed for Herman Cain.
nah that's ok
the 3:15 Union to Penn Station? Sounds like a long night.
Absolutely! Tuesday, perhaps?
Singing to people on the highway
i know, they are. they helped me through the late 90s. [fyi. she's now transitioned to macy gray!]
'YOLO' is pretty annoying....
Are you and one and the same? I believe you are. Prove not.
hes good at what he does
Just left Santa cookies and a glass of milk. OK half a glass of milk. OK just cookies...which I ate. Santa gets a Bud Lite Lime
Leaving for Minnesota tomorrow
Enjoy the summer day...much cooler tomorrow.
interesting! We have heard that touch is pretty critical to well-being.
hahaha I felt to awkward
My place is with crochet. These are my people.
My last day of my 2nd semester of graduate school is tomorrow.
will you please follow me back tonight it would mean the world to me if you did your so adorable <333 :) :) follow me please
Hacienda mudslide. <3
I recieved a Bronze President of the United States's Community Service Volunteer Award :)
Apple designers say each new design must be presented alongside a mock-up of how that design might evolve in the 2nd or 3rd generation.
Pleased to announce I will be playing at King King in Los Angeles on April 26th with Lynx & Salva as part of a Do Lab event!
You totally should but it'd have to be a bright colour
One thing I have never done... kiss someone under a mistletoe... u should help me with that sometime lol
Classic Bulls vs. Blazers game 6 on Comcast. Man I love watching Bulls games at the old Chicago Stadium. Those crowds were awesome!
ACK! New Gmail looks horrrrrrrribbbbllleeeee. double you tee eff
Hanging with my tookie
so true.
Cheers Family Travel Gurus #FF:
How cool would it be for to open for !!!
I think you make up these dunks. I need proof. Lol.
Nothing like a quick splash in the pacific to cure a "mild" hangover..
is this shit real? should i pinch you? after all the things that we been through, i got you.
Met the Kardashians/Jenner family last night <3 what a flawless family and they make it look so easy <33 love them
I feel da joy rising... how do I push it down again? Can never be too careful?!? lol
kudos to u
Va Stand up lookin to work wit producers and artist from Virginia holla at us
The brave feeling you get when you send your crush a friend request on Facebook...
Starting a fund. Please contact me if you have any advice.
I made that mistake before haha
Oh no, I hate that orange stuff.
You know just reminiscing :)
found it in cable lol!! "Sam's!"
Don't go another day without a prayer for your family and the ones you love. RT
Missed the Ad2 Program last night? Check out our website (www.ad2cincy.org) to read all about it!
ITS PART OF A SONG!! AND OMG ASHLEY BENSON WAS ON BUT DIDNT REPLY TO MEH :( CRYING!!
has anyone told you today how darling you are? well, you are!
Vegas real estate is still a bargain!
really??? Mine had the area of a square on it.
Fuck the world: I have weed
what's is there again? Next year?
I agree! RT:“: I'm still in denial over leaving us. One of the best-ever colleagues and human beings! #goodbyejoe”
looking good! Try not center aligning that paragraph though!
Cause good things come to those who wait
were you on the 5? I saw something that looked rough on the northbound side. eek.
Cyrus is running like his life depends on it. Olympic trials style.
nice meeting you guys Safe travels with the rest of your tour with candlebox!!
The Christmas lights are strung, with two new strings this year. Bring it on, neighbors.
Goodell is def ruining shit but atleast today we are seeing some semblance of defense with Jet game, Gmen pats n pit ravens
Photographers. Want to know what is in my bag? A camera. A few lenses. Oh, the bag is the exactly the same one that you have.
oh sure laugh at my pain
maybe you should moderate what new forum topics post to your twitter?
thanks4mention&don't know how to attract,don't know much about women
You, my mom and my favorite cousin share the same first name. :-)
please send this 19 yr old to WI for the weekend. I guarantee entry to many bars for appropriate slappage across the face.
u r the best!!!
#FF #training & development experts helping others grow
rude. I'm not a groupie.
Mama is so proud of you. Keep doing it honey.
Today in 1925: this astronaut and Hall of Fame inductee was born!
i've been almost crushed by compact shelving multiple times
doris malkmus 'the archives is the chemistry lab of the humanities'
Exit Through the Gift Shop was a trip but I loved it
NASA's upcoming mission to Jupiter can't get much greener than this: a solar-powered, windmill-shaped spacecraft.
Almost done!
About to record this.....
Any high school #junioryear folks out there auditioning for musical theatre programs in 2012? We can help!
Nice to see you today. Let's have lunch when it's calmed down for you. I'll light a candle for you and send positive energy. MGH
Yep .. I agree The Artist was the best picture this year
I'm watching it
Need some more followers
i have no idea what tht is lol
I am so hush up boy
Has had a no good very rotten day
Great. So call me. I'm home now.
Paula is mad because they didn't ask her out, she is a Hater.
Great show tonight keep bringing it
My radio never stopped just say'n
I love you boo boo :) your the best girlfriend ever!
This NYC humidity is sh!teous. Especially for my hair. Enough already.
I love Him so much, I love how close we are.. I wouldn't change us for the world
thx 4 following! We need more female Mc's out there! Nik is cool but she doesn't talk about ish
DJ ENVY ONE LIVE NEXT WEEK - THURSDAY, JULY 15TH @ CLUB 24
You got skills. How many guitars do you make in a year on average? Anyone famous have your instruments?
T-29 days! Have you ordered your copy of Gamestorming yet?
What up?! RT : NICK! What up!
Learned some ish today
Heck just don't lose by 20 each night
'Euro trip' is so bad its good. My housemates made me watch it when I studied abroad in Britain
#IReallyMiss the way things used to be with me and you </3
Student loan interest rates could double on July 1st. How can we keep college affordable for students?
my xbox wont bring up to get new code
Brownies and NyQuil
I want my star wars shirt but NO has it-.-
guess what???? The hot neighbor lost his dog again!!! And u weren't here!!!!!
How come nobody ever talks about Mama New Guinea?
Where can I find a Chuck Brown costume? Best musician of all time.
lmao i promise i will !
Glad to see Kelly Clarkson shed her Jan Brady look from Super Bowl last week for tonight's #Grammys. another forgettable moment from
To succeed it is necessary to accept the world as it is and rise above it. - Michael Korda
Sizzle sells the steak? Ok. But if you want my repeat business - you better deliver more than sizzle.
Gotcha, but I don't think you can do it on twitter since they use a URL shortener.
me out on sound cloud my name on there is r+b songstress
I'm beyond speechless right now. Holy shit!
My son is only 4 &his front tooth is falling off..... Is that normal????
lolz never watched it:)
ASAP. I'll call you in a few
2 down. 3 to go. Then it's time for Avengers to Assemble!
ot to mention she's super nice. I like that you, like her, have your own unique style. A great listen.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read. - Mark Twain
Congrats to on her 2nd marathon yesterday in Fort Collins - great work Lindsay!!!
This how horror movies start out..
its the weekend hanging with the dog
yep, makes sense to me! I think I got it now, thanks!
If you fall, get up and try it again. -Juelz Santana
hacked again???
Thought it possible it was an City College psych student.
your tour starts on my b-day:) (brithday)
we're all puppets to the world, the difference is who's pulling the strings
J.R. Smith makes me irrationally happy.
hey guys help to get more followers!! :)
SPECIALS: Ham torta $ 3.99. ---2 tamales with warm hot chocolate $ 3.99 --- These specials end November 14. So hurry and come in!
Congrats to Diane Breslow for guessing Papa Gil's! We have put $7 into your account. Have a great weekend!
Dennis: Many other economists, including Solo, Nobel laureate, support #LivingWage. Economists disagree, not a hard science, interpretive.
take my job! I'm putting in my two weeks tomorrow..
My handwriting varies: Page 1:Excellent Page 10:Fine. Page 20:Language change.
good looking out, I believe in you-- remember that as the rush happens, find yr. neutral place, tell yrself it's temporary.
I know you didn't ask me, but I'd go Tabata. Love that guy.
I'm not sure about how I feel about guys who do their eyebrows.
Cashier: "will that be it for you?" "No, I'd like all this invisible shit, too."
Had my class watch today. A productive discussion followed.
Up working gonna take a nap and then head to record with #dopeness shall happen
You're not gonna die if you don't have the latest/up to date material things. Some people just have it better than others.
it's almost 4 in the morning! WHY I AM STILL UP!!
Thanks for coming out on Friday and supporting our local vendor's right to vend legally! Hope to see you at our next event!
Dominic is driving me crazy, HE's so hot and so Straight. WHY Dominic why do you have to B hot and straight, but he soo good EYE CANDY
wow that's descriptive
Anytime Man RT Pretty happy Bubba put in a shift today
Record Store Day!
is twitering at the other side of the room.
Now that knocked it out of the park it's 's turn! (listening to the new mixes!!!!)
still got one?
"To describe my mother would be to write about a hurricane in its perfect power."-- Maya Angelou Happy Mother's day!
That album was the followup to License to Ill and the Beastie's split from Def Jam. They went rogue and made a bold followup.
Happy New Year, everyone! Start today making the change you want to see in the world. PLZ RT!
#ascj Never knew Homegirl Cafe was given by Annenberg. Can't wait to have lunch here.
Ross: modders as a "recursive public," one that manages to avoid dominant discourses through modding
Early bird gets the worm, I guess that's why I never have any worms
Yikes! Done.
He could be the so-called x-factor today..
it was at the concert, he says the doors opened early and they didn't , and he said April fool I hated it.
And your friends grew up faster than you got successful, told you to keep it up. Good comes to those who work.
I'm hanging out with my friend, & how does she wake me up? plays austins covers <333333 it worked (;
Supa funny boys
“: Too many girls want attention not enough want respect.”
bring me some!
I can't tell you how much I love making music!
Im salty , Im wide awake , everybody sleep . Cant even cake .
When I Get Mad At I Jus Be Like Dats Why My HAIR LONGER DEN YURS Lmao
I think ur ALREADY drunk. Lmao!
haha thx for the K. Bacon makes everything better!
Hated the title, Liked your amazon vid intro. Purchased the audio....Dammit..I like it so far. Funny and Quite Smart. Congrats
Chris Brown please never wear that bedizzled jacket again ! Illegal ! LOL I'm not hatin just sayin ! Loved the BET AWARDS !
Iowa state beats Ok. State in overtime!!! BCS shake-up under way.
Good Morning World!! Currently at 9:14am in Atlanta, GA it is 37 degrees. High: 63* Low: 37*
Yes! Screw you Badgers! See you next weekend!
signed my first edition of THE ZERO that I found at You are both awesome!
There is a skeleton of a woman walking down York Rd wearing a red leopard print leotard with dollar bills pinned to it.
I don't wanna wait for you but i can't get you out of my mind; i don't wanna see no more.
A gold star for this draft. And I must say, I really enjoy watching such bright and talented minds at work.
I am in stinkin' good shape, but #swimming kicks my tail every time. Good quick 3200 yard set. Trying 2 get the weakling leg 2 step up...
What the?... Continuous holiday tunes already on 95.1.
Just got finished with the hair and makeup !
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Watching Beyond Scared Straight, haven't watched this in forever.
Did I really just lace horns on the new Ghostface record? Yep. Stay tuned....
AH k
Planning your lunch? Crispy Braised Beef Tongue Sandwich, Gruyere, Pickled Carrots, Spinach, Horseradish Dijon Mayo on Rye
How do you feel about drinking on a Monday night?
yea it's impossible lol
Now I know why I wasn't ready to leave the house. But I need to.
If you are HAPPY with your NATURAL HAIR LIKE this status!!! <3
#fourwordsaftersex Make me a Sandwich :)
Loving the night life and continued fun at Breakthrough VII! LPU and Puerto Rico... what a combination!
At new amsterdam waiting for "the tonite show" to set it off. DJ SMI and DJ Vex spinning hiphop and soul. U aint doin shit so Come thru!
Worshiped, Bears Win!!!, Spending Time with Family
Everyone +1 Facebook.
Dear Our Field, do we believe that a good quote about #artsed matters any longer? Or is it rhetoric without commitment?
Had a good practice today, really excited for everyone to hear the tunes!
Spongebob and cappuccino... oh yeah! :)
Music is priceless. I have CD's I have easily gotten a thousand $$$ of value out of. Rock&Roll will never let you down!
He ain't dead yet RT : R.I.P. Joe Paterno.
Hey can you tell your mom Happy Birthday for me? She is my favorite singer..before Fbook/Twit it was Nippy Inc a huge fan club!
Piper Perabo: Where do you see your character Annie Walker in the future?
I love the believe album cover!, dhweweuwu.
I want some Taco Bell!
I keep falling asleep and waking up every 25 minutes, wtf is this? Ugh, I need to get out if my house.
Oh lol. That could be the case. I hated having to depend on my school's internet in the past.
look for <link type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"> in an html page to discover if there's a web service underneath.
i'll just take you out for ice cream!
tryouts on the 7th! shooting for level 5! wish me luck (:
Saleem, Brian Brunsman & Max Beats- you're not on Twitter but just to let everyone know, you killed it tonight #Baltimore Boom Bap Society
yes u are! Which part
saw a woman leave the liquor store carrying a bag of off-brand Flamin' Hot Cheetos with her teeth.
Thkful for the cross!
or should I be calling it
Congrats on your new addition on the way :)
When doing a series on nbc abc tbs tnt fox about guys..make sure there is 2 or 3 white guys n 1 blk guy. Smh
Thank you kindly for the RT! Hugs and blessings!
RT : Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly ~ Robert Francis Kennedy
Going to see play at the playspace today! Exciting!
Now that #artrageous has come & gone, its time for the Annual Awards Luncheon on Thursday.
At APU listening to Rock it, awesome way to spend Friday night.
Why are #Nashville taxpayers giving $ 300,000 dollars to the Nashville Chamber of Commerce ?
Thanks for following me Steve! I see you're from OH, I'm doing COA/COT courses in OH in July. Let me know if I can help you! :)
100 on micro final. :D
The fish is ready to be served! Come on down to downtown #SanJose San Pedro square and join us for lunch! 10am-2pm today!
is the man!! Answering everyone's tweets and all. Welcome to Chicago!!
Hi ! I'm Summer. Would love to talk to you about the talent you handle for YouTube. Please DM your email and I will send the details
I'm having a coffee here at Filmakers Institute waiting for Spike Lee & Dee Rees to talk
Watching Mason beat up Chase is the best (:
hey girl seeing vp tonight???
I love LA!!! “: Dodgers, Lakers and Kings win today. Great day to be a LA Sports fan! #iLoveLA”
If I send this out to /rutherford-genealogy - does it send a special message to all my special list members? If so - very cool!
>>We Are Providers of Quality #Gifts For #Him And Quality Gifts For #Her…Discounts...Excellent 100% Return #Policy! #FREE Shipping
Going to be a real tough series with Marlins. Lucky to get one win down there. They're hot and historically Pirates get whipped by them.
Good morning :)
miss you too!!! Cali is great! How's life with you post graduation?
NaLee a vividly rich mysterious sexy mermaid fantasy... the beginning of a trilogy check it out at NaLee2010.com
MT : If anyone in COM stumbles upon an external HD, please holler. Can't get a job without it & I'll love you forever
Next time, I may not sit on my hands to watch/learn. May have to ask how he really feels about publishing. Pro/Con.
agree!! All those haters can hate
Lmao @ the lady who walked out sawty
A cup of #blueberry weekly helps prevent high #blood pressure. / American Journal of Clinical Nutrition.
Mavs really need to petition for 11 minute quarters.
RT : SPARK IN THE PARK - 4th Sunday of each month! Join us, Please. Original art with themes - See you tomorrow!
The sky is green and it is POURING rain. The temp has dropped drastically and there's something beeping outside.
Black Lilly - How I met your mother
I'm wifey material ..!
agree but can't complain since it was free
Bummer I didn't know of y'all earlier - I'll share w/ my runner friends tho...sounds like a fun bunch!
Teddy Roosevelt was a racist warmonger.
Relapse? Happens to the best of us. Well talk :) Keep ya head up!
The #Celtics have ball movement. The #Hawks have bowel movement.
playing a free concert tonight at CMU as part of the celebration for the historic $265 gift.
hello(: just stopping by to see how your doing?
It's the small things in life that count, like knee-high Christmas socks
I'm so weird that i kinda scare myself sometimes... (;
Awesome!!! love the power of connecting.
if he's following you around like a lost puppy, he obviously wants more than what you're giving him.
He makes some good points. But I am sick of the "noble profession" crap everyone is slewing about theatre...
#BestPickUpLines Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa just what I want for Christmas.
anything by Vernor Vinge (except for maybe his latest). Notably, Rainbow's Edge and A Fire Upon the Deep
Ricky's been pitching incredibly early on this season! Let's hope he rubs off on the rest of our starting rotation.
choosing events. I said there is a lot of money out there and playing frequently isnt what is chosen
Good morning twitter world!! Did any of you take advantage of this wknd's fabulous #weather and go #hiking? Forward the pictures!!
Thanks, ! Let's get together & celebrate with the fruits of your legendary bloody mary skills.
Sow good services; sweet remembrances will grow from them. - Madame de Stael
he's the best.
Feels great teaching the Stoke!
We will be at Top Golf Saturday at 8pm... free rounds on us.
My weekend plans: A noon screening of The Avengers at today, Van Halen at Saturday & blog work on Sunday.
Steve and Judy Revis are in our prayers. We know that Steve is doing what he can in Haiti right now.
I love you so, so, so much! <3
#b97 iPod shuffle is on!! Party!!
My Husband is a total Nerd and LOVES Games and all kinds of Gadgets - Sometimes I think he loves them more than Me ;)
ok good if u ever need advice on ANYTHING and i do mean ANYTHING JUST DM ME KAY
famine poverty death life
Bacon-Infused Carolina Fish Muddle Recipe from Bon Appétit
I just stormed off for dramatic episode is on hahaha
#Jccaylendeservestobeonellen! dream big baby, I love you
uncle nelly's friend kid
I already knew that. :D I have tons of friends.
Matt Domo at #cloudfairseattle "We believe #opensource is the way to unite the public and private cloud". #openstack is the key.
I wanna try to pancake a volleyball so bad!
In a much worse mood today than I ever could have anticipated. Damn. Gym it is, methinks.
Soft As Ever!! Except Wen They Just Get Dry Ctfu... ( Not Often)
Had an awesome week so far
Out of 649 entries, congrats to the lucky Michigan reader who won a copy of DELMARVA LEGENDS & LORE on Goodreads!
That's great to hear , hope she enjoyed it & learned from it. You must have the coolest cat EVER. Let us know if you have a Q!
I love to make coupon books for my manfriend for valentines then when he tries to use them I say.. Expired.
RT : tech This pic is showing maybe a quarter of the audience. We are looking for sponsors. Contact me
“: #follow ” thanks for the support!!!
Every weekend we look forward to having a few weekends off away from the field, then when they come we don't know what else to do.
Got an audition this afternoon at 2pm for a new pilot " LA Noir " a police drama
Let the work begin! Unsigned Artists boot camp May 28th at the ABC offices.
NOT - ft. Marley B (Atlanta Zoo Freestyle)#vid yep
tickle monster!!.(: haha...you're welcome Robert(:
Congratulations to the Latina Ethnic World Queens and the New England Queens. See you in Cali.
Great practice... Two new songs in the bag. Now time to Thunder Up!
I'm in love with my bed, but the alarm does everything to end our relationship. Because they are boring. Six AM to wake up?
FISH POOP IS GOOD FOR MIGRAINES!
HOLY SHIT YES! THE STAR WARS THEME IS PLAYING ON THE SCG STEREO RIGHT NOW!
im right here!! :D Haha *dances up and down*
Its truly amazing what happens when you let go of all the negativity & drama, your days become so much better & easier
": Wherever you're at in the world - Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening. Goodnight. #Boots2GlobalAsses"
Tuesday night oldies in the back of ibar. Do it.
Get your rock & roll fix tonight with us live at Debonair. See you there!
If you liked that one, just wait for the next story, all about posthumans!
If your are not preparing to watch England vs USA in worldcup you are missing some great graphics
I wanna live at the beach <3
m billy blanton.
was thinking the same thing, lost opportunity today, but still, major improvement > last years spring season. 2 finals, not bad.
Finally manged to link my old Myspace, my Facebook, and my Twitter together. Cool Beans Kid !!!
Wow juss barely waking up now i can't sleep oh well it is what it is
There is a Teen Wolf sitting courtside at the game. A real Teen Wolf.
A person's mind stretched to a new idea never goes back to its original dimensions.
amazing. It really seemed to happen in the blink of an eye. I'll have to try and catch the end when it replays.
Young men: turn off that video game, turn off the music, and in silence contemplate eternity, and the One who formed you for His glory.
needs to accept me & my obsession with wiener dogs.. <U+2764>
with what Xbox kristi ?
So if I ask for a hug today will I get anther excuse of jow I'm not good enough can. U just for once tell me. I'm perfect the way I am....
Finally starting the process of packing my room. This makes me quite happy :)
I will miss #Peyton Manning being with the Colts. Thank you for everything, big guy.
Sara, thank you for the ride last night! loved meeting you and Erin! xo
Trying To Figure Out what kind of animal someone looks like ..
All these ugly hoes
No radio show in the morning can compare to the
More followers please (: we follow back GO!
aw how come?? And just been super busy working
Fact: rain is NOT good on fire!
I think the guys are going to meet you for the head and stuff. I'm actually out of town, getting my braces off today. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Goodnight my loves! Sweet dreams! -K .xx
My internet sarcasm identification is not very EFFICIENT, as your data would conclude.
the moon was unbelievably humongous... It was like a huge gobstopper : )
joey, jaime, dylan, mark, charlene
yea im good today at work now, tryin to go see the avengers tonight yall down?
The real leader has no need to lead--he is content to point the way
Lakers gone lose
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Brazil stays the largest coffee exporting nation, but as of late Vietnam has become a major exporter of robusta beans.
I've been great! Howw have you been?
What are you doing sunday? Come cheer on the Avon Walk for Breast Cancer walkers with us! We'll be at O & 23rd NW - plenty of parking!
but does it have to be? RT : two different ways of saying the same thing? :) #haz”
People treat you the way you allow them to treat you.
RT : To the politicians; Shut up and do something! We the people are sick of all talk, no do. Cut Spending!
Not taking reservations, sorry!
Class is a sunk cost. If you don't know what that means go to class.
Pats going one way, Jets another. Defense excelled but offense gave it away. Can u hear the faint chant growing stronger? S-O-J, S-O-J...
Two year old play dates, checking out , #tacobell drive thru
Bad Girls Reunion Tonight! Part 2 ... Oh yea!
13 different colonies wrote Constitutions before the US. To varying degrees, they carved out place of honor for belief in God w/o favoring.
Right, which is a good thing, but I foresee historians being bogged down with comments maintenance, esp if controv topic.
Dear KOBE: 28 points on 26 shots is not efficient. Why don't we try getting Bynum 26 shots for a change...
i have another paper due tomorrow and i have yet to start. oh well. IDGAF!!!
Omfg I'm done for the day. I give up.
Friday night is gonna get frisky on the microphone
": FYI Men: we girls need to be attracted to you too in order to spread. So if we get botox, it's botox for you too!"
Rihanna may be able to find love in a hopeless place, but Rochesterians can find it on Lyell Avenue if they have 50 bucks.
Do you cook for Easter or go out for brunch?
Okay so i love and with all my heart!!!
It's just really unfortunate for those of us who live here.
I wonder if Lu Valentino will puss our on coming to New Orleans this weekend?? And what excuess will she use?? Place your bets!!!
Nothing like a hot Guy throwing up in your bathroom. Damn you alcohol. :)
Gonna listen next, have already heard RT : damn yo.. listen/groove shark Beach House - Teen Dream, awesome album I
The Miller Lite “Vortex Bottle” helps you pour your beer faster. And to think, all this time I’ve been depending on gravity like a caveman.
have u met scotty emerick? Both of u, awesome!
You had asked what makes him qualified, so I answered with facts. Better Resume than Walker.
ust remember, when someone walks out of your life, it`s not the end of your story .It`s the end of their part in your story.
oh me me me!:D
My wknd car accident is prohibiting me from regularly scheduled classes and I'm so depressed about it :(
Wow. Wow wow wow. What the fuck ever.
it's too early to think
I bought it at H Mart,the Korean chain supermarket, my first time today, pretty good. Not too sweet
“: And now, former Colts C Jeff Saturday officially has agreed to a deal with the Green Bay Packers. Nice Packers pickup.” boom
Monday thanx to ,, and for following us on Twitter!
#JustRead. Because some people can't.
Happy Friday! Where in the world will you be this weekend?
Phaedra is Silly
good lift, gotta push youself!
gods and generals is a high budget LARPing video.
Obsessive nose picking is called Rhinotillexomania. (via )
The time is neigh! Well almost! Have a happy new year and get ready for new songs and new lights and new sounds and new new new!
Stephenville, America tonight with Jason Eady and Ben Danaher. Bostocks is the place to be! Come on!
"Telephonic Appearance" is important has clients look in mirror during calls 2 practice smiling. Love it!
Happy Holidays to more of my favorite tweeps
i gotta do better :/. im start tomar reppin #teamdominican maa hard (as if we dnt now)
OH: There isn't a VIP bathroom?
i live like 5 minutes away(:
Locker channeled Steve McNair on that TD!
at rave???
It's Friday Friday I never has school on Friday !!!!!! Partying par
#tastemakersKS Hey! Lets network!
This is the first summer in a long time that I don't have multiple concerts to look forward to...this is not ok
This is just a bunch of horny teenagers packed in a room. Not fun.
I hope everyone had a Merry Christmas (:
So the Pirates are Jackie Mason in Caddyshack 2 (we try not to mention they ever existed)?
You can't make excuses when you are swept.
Happy Tuesday!! Its a BEAUTIFUL morning here in Houston, Tx. and we here at Lonestar Delivery and Process wish all of you a GREAT day!
Wonder if It will be sun and rain tomorrow to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Congrats, Morgan! Wish I could see it.
is it true you have Spongbob underoo's on?
OK good night both
I am not ashamed of the ABBA dance party of one happening in my living room right now.
Y let WIND influence ur WHOLE life? U need ta hav SOME control. That "whatever will b, will b" is nun but Fairytale Crap.
Sounds like a plan! Yes! We will look for you at #HempCon!
Will be seeing Emeril Lagasse in T minus 24 minutes! Here's hoping there's a tasting during the show!
It was all a dream...
Having Someone Who Loves You Despite Your Faults<U+2665>
#TNC10 Malcolm Gladwell cites his New Yorker article "Million Dollar Murray" - it's cheaper to fund MH/SA treatment than not to.
Look at a day when you R supremely satisfied at the end. It's not a day when U do nothing, it's when you've had everything 2 do & you do it.
More than 3000 employees are threatening to strike at several hospitals in the Twin Cities. More info at 5am on
Or do people just panic?Do we just don't have the data on long term #preservation in a useful format, does that make us panic?
They called to tell me that I was going to be returning to RAW
#ItAnnoysMeWhen you say one thing,but mean a whole different thing ):
its sad bt true
It's crazy how the whole world can change over the course of one weekend. I still can't believe Mariah Carey had twins.
At movies now to see Inception in IMAX.
Don't miss Frank Gaard's show while you're --I went to see LifeLike & Waters & Gaard's what knocked me out most
+1 MT Thanks for your blog post and your continued communication with Chronicle.
Whoops! RT : '3AM text message* "Hey are you asleep?" "No, I'm hunting zebras. What a silly question?'
Happy Mother's Day to all the mamas! Salud!
Really wish he used #DealWithItDogGIF MT : I officially endorse ! If he's not your favorite candidate
Don't forget about Joline.
(Avoiding the pissing bulls)
here with my homie
very cool to watch overijse on live tv last sun with , lars michaelsen next goal, live in belgium.
Good Morning to All my Family and Friends~~~~Have a wonderful day and remember, you are always on my mind!! <3
#nowlistening "North" by Planning on checking them out at #sxsw tonight and tomorrow.
Damn youse, Cox cable! :/ My cable and net are off till tomorrow. Scurvy, scheister, bastards. Bah!!!
happy birthday!
which candidate is the Tea-Party candidate I simply cannot decide! All I know is who I will never vote for!!
what are you doing up in these parts?
"A seat at the table" and "two-way conversations" are important to the success of ERM URMIA11#
oh genial jejeje
#ThankfuLee I will have help tomorrow Cooking Thanksgiving Dinner :D
will you ever notice me ? Really .. Ive waited for that day but I'm waiting for nothing :(
YEAH! There we go Melo!
yes...I will my steak medium well
Place for First Date (teenager)?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs I also don't trust Atlanta on 4th down
condolences on your loss an congrats on celebrating his life!
I'm coming down this weekend. You doing baseball and/or T&F?
...to students who ARE a good fit for grad school & who can't imagine other options.The pendulum has swung too far against it. (2/2)
SINCE WHEN IS THE #SOTU OPEN MIC NIGHT?
Colon has pitched 6
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back ~ Henry Youngman
okk off to study test tomorrow!!!
Our team member found an wesome nintendo coffee table
Follow on Twitter
Reyes reminds me of when skipper Jerry Royster held Jose Hernandez out the lineup in '02 to avoid the strikeout record.
Editing ppts for an e-product. An webcast on industrial headphones. #EPrdctn hour on the Twittery thing. My lunch "break."
Sox have played Cleveland 3 times already, now the Tigers 3 times and haven't played Minnesota yet.
Reg medical implications, not just about cutting costs. *Improve outcomes, dramatically reducing surgery time, reduce repetitive surgery.
Better rest up before on 4/1...
thanks girlie, have great weekend!!
Question, if sum1has dne some low &disloyal stuff, do I jus keep quite like nun happen&stay civil? Or EXPOSE dey ass if dey keep tlkn shit?
Michael Shane Photography now offers full HD video production. Email shane for more info.
Bill with 20-week abortion ban signed
Done! And , great job on the gender question. Thanks for the survey opportunity.
hard but try to focus on times when he won't leave because he's having so much fun
I feel like I've been living under a rock for not knowing about the Wanderlust Festival!
im cutting you off.
I wonder if #Obama reads the bible any!
What if learning still happened in a classroom?
Can we ask you for some support when we come through Oklahoma City! We return favors!! :)
dont worry your not alone i thought the same thing haha
FYI: The Democratic Executive Committees of both Jefferson and Greenbrier Counties have both called for primaries
Party time
Come on #byu!
I'm chilling reading a good book can u request me on Facebook hakim coombs
Waiting in line for presentation
I'm in Cincinnati!!! Had a pina colada and a tray of 7 layer bars waiting for me when I got home. My family is pretty cool :)
Looking forward to seeing Ronni and the crew again.
Thanks you are awesome!
thanks for sharing !
TV is a vast wasteland but I can't stop watching the show "Chopped" on Food Network.
Still on the computer with Lori
Technology is like an emotional roller-coaster ... Amazement & surprise to happiness and then aggravation when it fails to work
Gross MT : Chick-fil-A's Chicken Sandwich has TBHQ, a preservative found in perfumes. There's evidence it causes cancer.
A Fool-Proof Formula for Easily Creating Compelling Content
IT'S PLAYOFF TIME #YINZ! Flyers at Penguins 7:30 p.m. Today NBCSN Lets Go #Pens!
sorry daughter
Blasted Up All Night in the school parking lot xD then i yelled yolo cos some girl starred at me cos i was singing (x
you killed it on BET the other niqht !
RT : It's 90° and blazing hot now. It's just the beginning. --- Ah yes! Memphis in May!
Easy. He drives the show, it stands to reason he drives the car as well.
that was also quoted in 'the ultimate history of video games' as well though
u said u wanna dance! flash Dance the movie!! #wooooHoooo! did u gradumatate?
Why is there not more of a national dialogue on chapstick addiction?
I I almosted choked on it.... That sounded really wrong.
March Madness>World Cup>World Series>Stanley Cup>NBA finals>SB>Summer Olympics>Winter Olympics>Daytona 500
should throw another house party
We are trying to get some plane tickets donated. I'll let you know if we are successful.
heh it was a lot of fun. I would love to do it again. Bo on having kids! Hahaha jp
It's National Library Week! Stop by and leave a Post-It note on our board telling us why YOU belong at your library.
On tumblr. People are being asshats.
can't take 2d Andy into the pool :(
"Giving children a voice... valuing their words." Why informal learning in Children's museums aligns so well with Reggio!
A few of us will be in deep ellum tonight to see The House Harkonnen. Come have a beer with us and hear an awesome band! Cheers!
Travel Tip: To avoid being a target of crime, do not wear conspicuous clothing or jewelry and do not carry excessive amounts of money
is guna walk to school no more rides for him! Lol(:
hope you have a great time! make sure you represent all of us that can't be there! GO STEELERS!!!!
#20FactsAboutMe I have a lot of confidence when it comes to failing. If that makes any sense to you.
Today's Feature: Truffled Mushroom Burger w/ smoked cheddar & truffle oil sautéed mushrooms Soups: Korean Pork & Veg or Watermelon Gazpacho
How's Favre doing?
Just finished #reading #Stitches by David Small. It was AMAZING.
Roddy won Outstanding Graduating Senior in the School of Arts & Sciences (Elem. Ed.).
This mf fuckin up my order at McDonald's
Ugh eff you!
New Menu Items! Hot Noodle Bowls- Thai Salmon, Char Grilled Chicken and Red Miso Vegetable with Grilled veggies! Only $5
we're on at 7, but have some great friends in cool bands on at 1 and 3!!!
Now, that is some bullshit!
your making me feel awesome!!!
Going to be at NGS tomorrow. Looking forward to meeting folks.
You stinker! Okay, I'll do my best to find the pic.
Lets go
Feeling like I'm in a long distance relationship with San Diego lately. Gearing up for my fifth weekend out of town in a row!
YES hahaha & we gotta see monks again lmfao
Practice... Done..
I look at all this traffic and I'm like thank god I woke up early<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I'd have to see where it's broken to tell you better.
Driving home from Dallas and blasting Opportunities by the Pet Shop Boys. Let's make lots of money!
The old are in a second childhood.
watched like 4 episodes in a row the other day and thought the same thing.
This "Shit Chicagoans Say" is hilarious! Its on point too...
I love BG... I just had to say that.... Your Welome..!!! Jk
Fantastic News the Music Video I Directed "SHE" for 2 Time Grammy Nominee Eric Roberson has been selected for an HONORABLE MENTION AWARD.
beautiful day in the mile high city!
I can match that. I've cried on the bus. Because I don't have a car.
My family is making me so mad today.
Memories! God's blessings on students, neighborhood, staff, et al!
thrilling. But me a little sick. Lol
That shit aint coo when i see girls on that real live Gang shit. Iz u really ready to die for dat set you claimin cuz dat shit
Brett have you ever seen a t6c drop a battery in less than 6 weeks? (Foot pod only) Cust Serv says 3 weeks for repair!
sending good thoughts and praying for your dad.
I think I can make an exception :)
Don't be careless! Your life is important! #TeeHee #DYAC ;)
Mimosas and bloodies in the hizzy
only when I work out
Roses are Red. Violets are Blue. I have 5 Fingers. & the middle ones for You. (;
"Money never starts an idea; it is the idea that starts the money. "
Tons of shows in the Twin Cities this weekend, what is everyone planning on going to?!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!! : D
A cat has nine lives.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY#futurehusband <<<<<<------Lol
What I'm saying is I'm not really functional without a bike.
Daniel, I live in Miami, and most people here just see me as a gringo! We are in a minority!
what the fuck??
Need more followers. Shout me out and get a Shout out back. Not even at 500 yet -_-
He was pretty damn good on Homicide too!
Saw fresh eel at fish market in North End, so awesome!! Now what could i do with it
Long term study regarding vitamin E ... increase risk of prostate cancer by 17%.. hmm what do you think?
Then you should! SWEATSHOP is fun, and now on DVD everywhere. If ravers kids getting hit with a sledgehammer is your cup of tea.
I can't stand him. He's such a Negative Nancy.
well, you convinced me to look at flickr. admittedly the first time in months. great pics of the fam though!
Dispatch from the Internet: "IF YOU WANT TO BE ALL RIGHT, FUCK YOUR LADY EVERY NIGHT! IF TOU WANT TO BE OK, FUCK YOUR LADY EVERY DAY!!!"
of course it is. Alright then.
Annybody in Tulsa have a drum set and or bass cab we can borrow for our show tonight at eclipse!? Will hook u up with a back massage
I'm loving Will's sarcastic comments about Madison being such a wonderful city in which to be homeless.
Can a million just fall on my Lap please!!!
yes :D you?
... Titans examiner = hillbilly news ... Don't believe a word
Excited and nervous for our LA Premiere!
have fun!! (wish i were there...womp womp.)
Too excited to see the #vanswarpeduk line up!!!!! :D
#ThanksToMyEx I realized if somebody wants to walk out of your life you need to let them go & throw that hoe a going away party.
Let me be clear, that's a suggestion I read on Lifehacker. Not something I learned from experience.
I fear that mayhaps Ken Starr failed to read the fine print of the #Big12 contract: any school may challenge another to a duel.
RT : Congratulations on Dusty's 1,500th career victory as a manager.
What kind of car are you buying?
Naw I think I still got the charger. Its cause I found my blue version pokemon. (X its 1(310)694-2136 just text me with your name
No prob, thank you, and back at ya! :)
i like food
Unless we make out I'm not honey, sweetie, darling, or dear.
Woohoo!!! Been looking forward to this for weeks!
Still Got It Video. Everybody Shut up
remind me to tell you about the book I just bought but the title escapes me, about consulting.
ChadWilbanks, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Unfortunately #BenedictObama is showing that Boehner might be right
MT : Come back soon! Indeed - had a ball last night talking programming and philosophy of computing with and
I think #Madonna is ready for Vegas..very entertaining
WATCHING SOME INTENSE VAMPIRE DIARIES! I LOVE THE WALKING DEAD!xx
Thx me too! Great suggestion.
thanks much!!
I love so much!!!
Thanks for the #ff!
been busy working three jobs. jIts hard work being a hustler like you.... how do we do it?
hehehehe the laugh is good... that is your selling point, would have won them over anyway!
Anyone in the US wanna text? DM me, numbers will be kept private :)
how can u watch tna,lol its lame lol
I hope it was a joke!! I wasn't watching closely so it definitely could have been. So crazy!
When I get a chance I will send you a tweet pic of the "Rawens" figure I got after the Superbowl year.
Simply based on vocal talent "All the Man I Need" from her live concert in 1991. I would also choose "A Song for You"
I wish I could record my dreams and watch them later.
I want to see a show called "I Didn't Know I Was Pooping" where it follows people who thought they were pregnant. --- Carly
really? do you have to tweet every single thing we do? haha #gettinoldfast :P
I swear I just saw Denzel Washington at McDonalds at 21st and rock. Evidently he likes the egg mcmuffin!
Did you go to #D2P yesterday? If not you still have a chance to see at booth 144.
When my two closest friends have the same bad ideas, it just makes me question there tactics of actually Going through with em.
what's new in your neck o' the woods?
Work till 3.
It's TRUE! I signed with VentureIAB Agency & TigerDogProductions for TV Show on NetworkTV in development now! Keep watching! So excited!
I'm so done wit bitches on here
Visually pleasing and functional RT : the outdoor fabrics have gotten so great
Hit us up on facebook.
Status Lounge is like OMG packed right now til 4am...get here now y'all.....eh wey wey....
TONIGHT we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter Than the sun -Fun My favorite song <U+E326><U+E326><U+E03E><U+E03E><U+E022><U+E022>
Last day in Seattle before moving to San Diego
If #waxing is done regularly for several years, permanent hair reduction may be achieved.
I thought Canadians couldn't lie?
Hooray! Congratulations
#MarchMadness can be intense and that’s why we love it. Dive into the action with our $5 mini burgers (3) and $5 Miller/Coors stadium cups.
My Night Did Not Go Well
How could you NOT imagine skipping through fields with Thor. Topless. Frolick away dear friend.
now following u and xoxo :-)
Atleast it isn't business related. Wooh, that was close. Have a great day everyone
I thought I wouldn't like Bridesmaids 'cause it was a "girly" movie but I ended up watching 'til almost 4am.Hilarious and great!
I need someone to mention me? I want more followers, please?
do u not get on here anymore? =(
Today is my brother's Birthday! Happy Birthday Kevin...I know that every day we discussed, but what would be my life without my brother?
MT : MLB tried to bully the reputation of an innocent man. Picked the wrong guy to mess with. Truth sets u free
a version of Memoir 44, an out of print game
I'm just happy it's not another condo complex.
Getting stuff packed up and thrown away.
you do the same hun! Muah! Go see "think like a man">>>
A winner never stops trying. -Tom Landry
yeah yeah yeah:)
Social represents a revolution in the industry matched only by stone tablet, printing press & the internet.
Your're welcome! So glad you had a good time!
No, the "perfect person" doesn't exist... until you fill out a job application
Today is International Boss's Day Off. On the anniversary of the assassination of Julius Caesar, all leaders should stay home today.
There is no limit to what I can accomplish if I know the direction I am going and am willing to make the effort.
Just announced! First band ever to play at the BMO Harris Pavilion is, wait for it...The Steve Miller Band.
yeah you do.
jessica's dad brought pizza \m/
No problem, what-so-ever! I'm sharing your blog with my aunt & fellow foodie (:
If it were, she wouldn't be my girlfriend.
I heard a guy likes to drink milk and occupy bathrooms
This oreo shake >>>
Motorz at The Frequency tonight. Be there or be stupid. Last show before our summer break!
hahahaha ill do it tomorrow they are on my myspace :,)
Home now. Guitar to be played.
All I see is teenwolf in my neews feed :)
Arizona magazine. "202" (Febuary issue) Did an awesome story on me regarding my passion creating my .. Loofah Soap Ped. Pal Foot Scrubbys
hahaha well i mean, when its people i just met...and i don't have to be the creep to friend them its nice :p LOL
what do you mean?
Dallas Mavericks' best not enough - ESPN
Thank you! Heating pads & margaritas tonight. Could be worse right? Enjoy your evening ~
Agreed! We are working with several performing arts partners to preserve performing arts for the next century and beyond.
I knew you'd be pissed. Ha ha.
One direction>life
Pearl jam better man :) I love you 100.3
lmbo! Blake, you are off the chain today! Way to go Jermaine- you got this!
That's an adorable name! I hope you get to keep her.
Calling all A/D UR invited to an evening W/ #ElleDecor NY showroom May 17 7pm-10pm. Come Celebrate with us!
#Panthers tie it up!
Powerful-will do :)
Yes, I will be renting real-live industrial studio space. But little at-home one was like dollhouse, sweet & cozy.
Looks like business is back to usual in methadonia. Junkie,dealers,hookers everywhere 21st and Maryland. #no hope
nice to see you're drinking good beer.
It was 1986.
In Israel it's twitter, in London it's twittah and in New York its twittur.
Double-header at Youth Theatre Northwest. AND the "sing every song in the show" contest. AND the talent show. WOOT!
actually is mine! doesnt have a clue!
This is victor , the person that sold me this, forgot to log out of there iPods twitter
I can't seem to find the tequila at this Bar 'mitzvah...really there Jewish mexicans>_<
Hey twitter I hvnt been on u as much as I always did (: lol
If Capital Gains taxes were eliminated and investment slowed, who would "win?" The guy with the greatest investment today-- Warren Buffet.
Two teens hanging out in lobby drawing in their sketch books while listening to soundcheck
Marco Torres, "we're blurring the lines between amateur students and professionals"
I'm 'All In' with Anger.
I was on the phone w/my Mom at the time! Hope both our families are okay!
what day is the team leaving?
"Mumble, mumble" What? "Mumble, mumble." What? "Mumble." Speak the f* up! This is payback for when I would mumble to my mother.
Getting ready to head back to Tisch for my final performance in the 5th Floor Theater at 111 Second Ave! These 3 years have FLOWN! :)
Days just fly by.
what's Tebow feelin with the Manning love fest going on in Denver?
Ausa I'm coming for you!
Follow me today
#Chiefs select Dontari Poe with No.11th pick in
P90X. You know it's successful when the muscles in your armpits hurt.
mother is the best bet and don't let Satan draw you too fast..
I see these athletes been firing back at skip Bayless lately
Glad you posted this. Meant to get it before and didn't. Now it's queued up on Kindle!
Q4) Helped create a new hire onboarding program with mentors.
Hello Michelle. I don't mind people trying to sell me stuff as long as I need it, it's good quality, and the price is fair.
spring break needs to come early
Prep work for "La Virgen", then bed early morning.
sorry I gots hacked
Just announced! Zenobia & Band - Dance Party 7:30pm tonight at Vanessie Santa Fe
My mom & I used to make May baskets & leave them on our neighbors' doorsteps. Such a great tradition fading away.
A1: Design is everything to us! Its everywhere in our everyday. It is who we are & why we get up in the morning :)
Accept all you want, advertisers know better RT Rush: apology accepted. Let's move on and talk about the issues. We're with you.
#ECEtechCHAT I use webinar, make them DVD with rhyming videos. We are making videos now for busy families, so they learn how to read books
Brownies baked. Ready for Chocolate World Expo tomorrow in Long Island. Special Edition flavors include Cappuccino and The Christine.
wow I should get to bed. I thought that said Gwenyth Paltrow was in center.
I am so sleepy, and the one old packet of Starbucks Via that I found is just too icky to get down my throat sans sugar. BLAH.
so do you think you're ready for marriage
It was so nice meeting you guys!!!
- That won't be hard. Yeah, here now. And so is the heat.
I think I'm doing a 5K that day... plus I don't have fat tires :)
I was so hype
Bears learned they better pay Forte and the haters learned how #CuttyDoesIt - How about we get Tebow as our backup QB/RB he can run all day!
Who wants to know what we are giving away when we hit 500 likes? It's going to be our biggest giveaway yet.
Almost tossed my iPhone cable out the window. Damned white #TickerTape! Lol
I am officially sick of school. Thinking of testing out 's method of drunk paper-writing...
Yes! Tell us how our skin can look as good as yours!! :)
it's huge! So I thought it must be packed when I got to the parking lot but its not too bad at all! Wacky new ellipticals too!
Fascinated by those slogans/ad claims that have an asterisk at the end, yet no footnote. Like they don't realize what that star is for.*
if we already have a trip booked, can they still donate the 4%
That hardcore video me and watched eairler. INTENSE. my dream tho!
Should I tell you what my classmates caught me doing that made them think I was a fairy?
FREE admission today and tonight for South First Friday! See the TECHStyle Art Biennial exhibit - a fusion of technology and textiles.
Just listened to Justin beibers boyfriend (how the fuck do you spell it) and I must say, I didn't hear any breakdowns,
OHMYGOD, thats how we do it
Xbox 720? Rumors confirmed? I doubt it. It looks like it'll be shit though...
My allergies got worse in #phx for some reason. I wasn't expecting that.
my birthday :P haha
Time to stop trying to reinvent the wheel. There's already a wheel. Patent no longer pending.
FOR MORE INFO. ON THIS GREAT ALL NATURAL PRODUCT LINE CALL 1(313)522-2307
Can we get some new facts instead of old ones
RT : #NC DID NOT BAN GAY MARRIAGE; they enshrined discrimination in constitution. #UCCs will continue to marry les/gay....
who is your Adam banks? Crucial
congrats girl!!! will you be joining me in NYC?!
congrats on signing with the #Packers !
OK. Catch up w ya soon!
that's what you do
hey there! Are you still interested in SLSM? Class starts tomorrow. DM me.
Rebasing sans coffee. Probably not my best decision of the day.
you find a ride I got you
Love you too girl! Hay why do you have to be so far away?
#IntelVisionary conference was invaluable. Brilliant presentation from Frank Luntz on reframing the technology in education discussion.
Welcome to our newest connections
Here's one for your #ThingsYouDontDoDuringSex list... Look at your watch! is notorious for that one!
Smile. Enjoy life. Love everything. It takes too much energy to find the negative in every situation
I can guarantee you that in 8hours every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #8HOURS !!!! LEGGOOOO !!! 65
Happy Birthday ! :) you're finally 15 :D Have a god one! ^--^
Want a #MothersDay brunch the whole family will love? Come to in ! We've got something for everyone!
celebrating with hundreds who participated in Delhi, India #slutwalk protesting sexual violence!
Looks like magazines to me...
Working on my next song =] Gonna spend alot of time on this one and make it all nice and pretty =]
Everyone should go follow He has funny and amazing tweets. (:
hell yeah bro
Welcome back #87 heck of a performance.
moving moving, done on thursday, getting through it....
"Hey homie, you ever been in the pen? Hell naw, thanks for asking." Money Mike meets Damon in the movie, "Friday After Next".
I miss you , but things wouldn't ever be the same .
"We are constantly co-creating, whether we like it or not"
so much for an undefeated season.
Having a good debate between what a duck is and what a goose is>>>
right . We'll talk
Ugh. What a day.
Thank you for your response! Class act! His answer: "soul"
Everyone should follow they auto follow back and help you network to celebs, sports stars and more
so who's mad now? Lol but I'm sorry
Hollaaa! Chicken Pizziola footlong FTW! If you haven't grabbed lunch yet come get some at #SUBWAY :)
Looks great! Would love to win it.
Tryna make some moves
I'm kind of glad my fever kept me from going to school today. I don't like sad days.
my mom said she was going to smack me so hard I would wish I was somewhere else all I can say is too late
Great lineup for 's event Thur at Civic Center. How media covers #OccupySD. Details at www.spjsandiego.org.
This could be paradise. :)
Loud and clear RT ": Test"
thanks for coming out! can't believe we missed you at #rockbox #karaoke for the after-party. rain check!
shawn's on 91.1 on st paul, minnesota public radio (MPR *not* NPR) tomw at 10 am central. Show is called 'mid-morning'.
I'm being followed by Tom Cruise updates lmao
Ok, then. Sunday I'll wait for your tweet <3 Xoxo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Have not forgotten. Recording, will listen again as I explore Wordpress later. He knows his stuff. I just don't get it right now
Have never watched a men's college playoff game live. Trying something new today :)
we hope to reach an agreement by senior night tip off
dang what's up Fam get to little work and you too good for common folks
congrats on your first ~ glad you had a good time!
New Twitter background photo by D.C. awesome dance photographer Maggie Picard from show!
Hello to you too!
Attacks like #Gernika continue today; what do we do when perpetrators are still in power & their stories remain as unchallenged history?
Why is this week going by so slowly?
time for chuck and wickett now get too the studio.
As soon as the lights went out, my mind was blown. RT Tonstartssbandht's actually the best band ever
Headed to Throne Zone in Va Beach--missed flight in atlanta--now on my way--looking forward to tonight!
Another touchdown....green&yellow
via who, Christian?
where you at bill Bellamy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY its actually not ur bday yet in chi town buutttt im gonna b busy tomaro so im wishing u a happy bday now! ;)
Thanks for joining me from guys!
I also like to believe that Dio was a centuries-old wizard himself
I love this old show "Candy" *.* It's such a cute story <3
I never met anyone at university to help me with what I'm doing; no one I met there was willing to be so.....real.
We are open today! 12-7pm. Come on in on your lunch break or after work and enjoy this day!
": #thatawkwardmoment when your teacher wears less clothes than you."
This is just getting ridiculous.
hm... But the smell.
Colts draft RG3. Redskins get screwed. Browns trade Colt McCoy to get RG3. Luck lands in Seattle.
of course u did as I said it has been my honor to chat with u honestly from the bottom of my heart thank u!!
Like #mayweather in 12 with a unanimous decision
follow my homie
c'mere baby...I'll make it all better...lol
Enjoying my weekend away with Annie. After 10 years of being married, I still think she's pretty much awesome.
Not too thrilled about MCAS this week.
Thanks! RT : I really like your twitter name! "Cool Math Guy" ~ Awesome!!!
Just kidding. They're delayed.
Hey buddy! I'm doing alright. How was SXSW?! What time are you going to be in the "office"?
Proposed oil tax for schools? Great cause. But with gas at $4/gallon-good luck!
As are you! More soon. :) xox
Off to the beach ;D gonna get my tan on!!
#FavMoveQuotes my name is brennan but you can me night hawk.
First week of classes going well! Give a shoutout if you are in 1 and loving it!
Joel from cried when he saw the commercial.
I think I'm gonna cry cuz u don't notice meI really would be so happy if u follow me
Run? For fun? You be crazy kid...
what's the holdup?
Just passed 12 dump trucks at -midnight. I hope bruce willis knows about this.
HomeGain Releases 2012 National Home Improvement Survey Results
Snip, Burn, Solder, Shred Will Make You Want To
choco cookie please
#Happy Friday to you!
On tap, #SeattleBeerWeek Brewing Watershed IPA, Collabowabo American Red, Imperial Chocolate Porter, Amber Ale
I don't have a clue what that means.
was upp boo
Ha - nice!
Just woke up from a 4hr nap....man I didn't want to do that!
Project Advisory Board Members! #FF , , - KC, - Spencer, , ,
Mum said to delete a picture on her fb cus I put a pic of "almost" naked men on it. No it's just a pic of mine & it shows up on ur wall! Lol
Wow. Guess it's time to keep the faith. what's up with KC?
Yes time is the factor! Lol
Less than $4 I eat like a king @ Jack in the Box. Same price, I eat like a Jack in the Box @ Burger King. Think about it. It makes no sense.
Should be all better.
Dinah Lenney - Memory and mortality can be motivating
I'll have to sell him my new glasses that can tell you the suit of the next card. They're guaranteed to work 25% of the time.
Keep smiling :) even when things go wrong. its hard...i know..
Id like to see some legit D help & yes that means bringing JOduya back. Not sure about a goalie, Craw is signed cheap for 2 yrs
are you taking the comp exam Friday?
Now My Energy Company provides Solar Panels to Commercial and Residential Customers in Cali Zero Down if u qualify Call 1-646-397-9817
Thanks for standing up to MSG. They want subscribers's money to pay for renovations at the Garden.
Today is the day I register for school. Here we go!
I did.
“Eenie meenie miny moe, caught you cheating with that hoe. you tried to lie right to my face, think again, you’ve been replaced.”
... Well yes, among other thangs.
Does anyone else think that somewhere Ray J was watching Sat night as he was replaced by Bieber on the Money team..
Will do! I told her you're "the woman" to talk with!
I just realized all this work n no play I ain't been out since new years .... " they say hard work pays off... Wrong! It pays good ass hell
Calling #wives & #mommies! Follow for tips on living the fab life!
A relevant German degree? I'm sold! RT : University of Colorado proposes 4-year #PhD in German. ://t.co/CnILr4vS
I like how deng slips and it's a foul on kobe, but no travel call on the up and down and Kobe can get raped twice with no call. Nice refs.
i love my nerdy moments <3
Check us out this morning on KGW with Drew Carney as part of our Heart & Stroke Walk preview!
I should have known! :) Any day works for me. Pick and I'll put you on my schedule.
Mr. Feldman. i forgot to set my DVR. do you know when is the next time ESPN(2) will be showing yesterdays broadcast? Thank you
Just got into a wheel barrel accident injured 3 Brazilian kids April fools! They were from Sudan Brazilians are weird.
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust567777775
its in the final stages of editing!
#PinkTip Planning and praying is great but you need to get up and apply ACTION towards your goals.
hope you tweeted before driving!
interviewed a really interesting and thought provoking film maker yesterday. Alex Rivera, check out his debut feature film "Sleep Dealer"
Females just cant wait to bring out the booty shorts. lol
What u eating? : I hate waitin...especially on FOOD!!!
Stand down, it wasn't an insult. :)
Not only do they lack balls - they lack imagination. No one can fault FoxNews for creativity. And don't even get me started...
Anybody want to go dancing?
oh yes when I first got sick it took them 4 hours to do it since I was stubborn
Love her!! She teaches an incredible class.
you changed it to 6.16?
laila, please just ask again pleaseQ!!!
so true
clean balls?
That's a solid jam. RT : Correct. I am listening to Prince's "Diamonds and Pearls." And?
i can't follow people because i don't have alot of followers
At the hospitals pharmacy waiting for my grandmother's refill...long wait ahead of me.
I would have gone
heard about #muppetoscars and i think it's a brilliant idea! i love the muppets!!!
damn. If you hadn't put the clash in there, I was going to say Nickelback is better than them all. Haha. Just couldn't.
Good Morning... Happy Saturday :)
Every team I cared to see advance is done for the year. Let's go #49ers ?
Nice evening, setting back watching a movie.
i dont have a link but its on the steelers website about the fan fest
Two offensive rebounds ties the game. You're kidding me C's...
Overtime has started, so far the ball has been keep in UNM's end, but no shots by the Bulls yet.
the one and only! 1 hour to beautiful downtown Corning...
haha bro it's the steelers and packers. and gay fucking black eyed peas.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Ready to jump on the treadmill.
Look at our new QR code ads!
Well, at least Frenchy isn't batting 5th. There's something for that, I suppose.
CLICK ON THE "LOCATIONS" page at the top :-) “: I don't see anything on your website about stops.Am I missing it?”
I bet he liked the trailer.
Form : "So yeah pick an action but I won't give you any hints about which one is correct until you do it right"
Voting on civil rights is some serious bullshit.
damn, Sampino's just changed my life.
Job Link Now: Big City Diner (HawaiiNewsNow) - Big City Diner is hiring! Here to tell us about a few positions that are available is Walt
Finally, some of us are so pro-choice, pro-LGBT, anti-racism, etc., we're just NOT gonna get behind your candidate. Dealbreakers, ya dig?
Question for #historyteachers: I think the Denver Post had a slideshow of color photos from the New Deal. Anyone have a link for that?
got on sunglasses and still ugly
I am at cali. Ballet waiting for my daughter 's dance class.
is frustrated that his place always looks worse when he tries to tidy up & then it takes even more time & effort to tackle the entire mess!
Spring has sprung in Orlando...time to hit the waterparks. Here are some answers to FAQ's about Disney's Blizzard Beach:...
The homeless teen shelter behind my work is blaring crappy RnB.
I'm on twitter and facebook talking shit!
Traffic SUCKS!
U SO UGLY
Derby Day!
the only teams that won trophies this season were; Liverpool, Chelsea, and Man City. So ahi esta tu puto "gane algo"
Boom boom baby pick you up in my Mercedes
lmaoo i deny all these allegations
shut up
Go ahead and send the list. We'll see what we can do. Can't promise they'd be fixed any faster though
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Happy Birthday Week to of ! Thank you for the amazing work that you do! Celebrate with some beautiful birthday Bits!
#10RandomThingsAboutMe I expect nothing for anything I do you nice words in return.
How do you think text fundraising could impact future elections?
Miami Dolphins confirm visits from free agents Rocky McIntosh and Tyrell Johnson - Sun Sentinel Found on Bing
I love you like a love song baby:) #singit!
sweet Loving caretaker. Feel better soon!
You're very welcome sis. :) <3
Jarvis: Do the crime, do the time
New kitchen faucet works great! Recently-repaired toilet still functioning. I'll give a guarded "yay."
“: And yet the haven't sent any money... #wiunion" if heads weren't up asses, they'd send BO in comfy shoes, check in hand
#first40songsonshuffle 15. Forever Young - Jay-Z ft. Mr. Hudson
Your knowledge is not what gets people saved; it is the spirit that reveals Christ.
Tricks and treachery are the practice of fools, that don't have brains enough to be honest.-Benjamin Franklin
You are in time out, young lady. ": Sendak your curry if it's too spicy. Yauch!"
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
can you make me squirt?
did we make out with the same chick last night?
You get in trouble, I get you out. That's how we roll.
I love this!!
Thnx for the candy today ! That's how you start a term!
Do you want to come live with me for a while Lillie?!?
RT ah! its the home stretch till graduation! Lol thanks for encouragement!!
The stars are projectors - projecting our lives down to this planet.
FOUND! RT HELP RT!coworkers sister biked Campbell Creek trail at 6a from Dimond to Ambassador Dr(East ANC) and is missing!
The thunderstorm taking place outside is making me want to curl up in bed....not do homework.
Like A Prayer during Super Bowl halftime.
Tomorrow is Free Coffee Friday already?! Well they do say that time flies when you're having fun... :)
We keep getting conflicting messages about Arlen Specter's sanity.
I am missing a big part of my life right now....football
I know! Doesn't look good!
Wanting to get back already & spark up with my nigguhs
shout out to exercise. we're gonna run today
I would love if putting sunscreen on you was MY day job. :)
minus 1 e
Is the Bulls score correct? I scored more runs in Wiffle Ball against than both teams have tonight
I take it dinner didnt go so well
with that said, the impact of those mistakes late can be much more costly
thanks for the follow...thanks for all you did this past season, you really stepped it up for us! #GoMagic!!!
openness on the Academic Web: putting a course online and not behind a pay wall. One that everyone can participate in
Session today with it's going to be off the wall for sure.
Id like to meet her if you're ever up for it. ;)
I know people hate facts, but seriously//“: Wins vs FBS teams with winning records: OSU has 7 and Bama has 3”
The great moment when you write the intro to coursework and update your awesome blog.
my good friend ,you have dms
Video Killed the Radio Star was the very first video
Ahem. "Her" show? It was in my goddamned home!
Tuition costs are rising and R unfairly high do to price fixing amongst universities and this injustice is being supported by student loans.
we saw a peacock in the parking lot of quik trip today... gettin it's head bop peacock swag on... "this right here is my peacock swag"
Relationship dependency is not something I look in to.
God I can't wait to move out of my house...
bahahaha- note to self: new swimsuit idea....
"I just texted u...why didn't u answer?" Because we are literally 5 feet away from each other...
tattoo the throwup
I’ve passed your thoughts along to Zeno, Very convenient since his fictional creation is in my brain!
All i want for my bday is for to RT this or follow mee(: its on wednesdayy(:
Fuck everything and go after your dream. You have one life make it count
seen the yoplait greek ads near Ashland & Division? Go to www.greek4good.com to see what's going on.
Ok question one who is the best QB without an MVP award? Brees, Eli, Aikman, Staubach, Kelly, Moon, or someone else?
how high can you go? #lets dew it
sort of
Looking forward to tonight's and Let It Roar at the , who's with us?
about to eat
I was giggling when I read your blog post! :)
Got up to do yardwork, and the mower died halfway through.
I'm hungry, will someone bring me food? ...Today's outfit: khaki shorts, green t from Ireland, khaki ribbed brown sweater. So cute. :)
I am finally leaving T-Mobile and Straight Talk going with Virgin Mobile USA after carefully researching on $$$ savings, quality and freedom
Kodak rules! Love that the ink doesn't run!
Secretary-General: "Only 61% of people in sub-Saharan Africa have access to improved sources of water... in most other regions is 90% or +."
GLASS OF PINO FOR RAMONA, PLEASE.....!!!!
Why are you fucking yelling in the dental office.
here's a dinner suggestion for next time...Sunda...about 110 W. Illinois..you won't be disappointed..:)
Thanks so much. Exciting opportunity and great people! Happy Holidays!
I truly love 's character! Win or lose he doesn't waiver!
Dec 3rd Woodfish & friends Zak Smith, Kings Highway & Hoodless @ Paul's Tavern in Lake Como. Art exhibits by Sean Cahill, Ronnie Jackson +!
Loved watching the bills today. Great win
I was sad to hear yet, again another singer David Peaston died... My prayers are with his family and loved ones.
is that much prettier without braces #howisthatpossible?
left us alone in class.!D:
When grown business men reply to emails with smiley faces.....cute but kinda weird.
man.... ill be at the AZ BBQ Festival this weekend. ill be eating bbq al weekend. lol
Thank you! Delicioso!!!!!
We are absolutely enjoying the lovely day and the view! Enjoy the rest of your Wednesday!
I only just now stopped giggling over that Track and Fail video. Goodness. and increase the funny by like 1000.
happy birthday to my nephew! a big 4!
#2011icf. Attending China: The Final Frontier... Stay tuned for insights!
Midtown efficienies opening up this week and next.
thanks!! :D
thanks for reading! I'm not too informed on Valley Mexi eats, but consult 's blog or ask him directly.
Time to clean the kitchen UGH
Can I quote your presentation at last year in my #sxsw talk? "We don't need another FaceTweeter." The best.
Pulling off a double header yesterday isn't too shabby my friend!
I wish that my dreams come true and you follow me! <U+2665> Girl you are my hero! my role model! Thanks to you I am stronger !<U+2665>
Thanks for the follow
get at me have some great deals right now 5173043525the real deal
I'm predicting 4-3 Chicago in the Eastern Conference Finals. There. I said it. RT : Yea but Miami will win 4-2...
+1 RT : i hate it when i'm showing a comp to my client and they touch my screen/monitor.
In unrelated news I'm dressing like a lesbian more and more everyday.
My ego needs a good swift kick in the arse.
- follow me.?! please.?! i effin' love youu!!!(; it would be my dream-come-true if u did follow me!!(;
Wussed out at gym and cut cardio short. Passed Jillian Michaels cardboard cutout on my way out. Now I'm ashamed.
who's this?
Nihil Sub Sole Novum => Nothing new under the sun
which website are you using? Could it be that the images are still downloading? that happens until they are fully downloaded..
Learning something new should you make you a little uncomfortable
why so much celebration over his death?
I know! Why does it feel like I haven't seen you in forever? I miss you too!
Calling Girls Lacrosse Somerset County Finals and Morris County Finals all on Saturday!!! Great matchups!!!
how did you find out?!
There is nothing like a cold beer and free time.
its the Best City in the North East
oh, that's pretty dang awesome. I wonder how long before Cal comes out with a better one ;)
I meant gronk. Damn smart phones auto correcting!
Hey, yeah! I'm not much of a jogger, but I do love some tennis... I'd also like to swim at the Tosa pool more this summer.
Fuck ! I want a good ol' fashioned COMPACT DISC! #ExLives time after work? I think yes.
I could probably use a lesson
lmfaooooo !! Aw Damn girl that made my day!
Thanks to for your Diamond level sponsorship of #CommLab2012 - PRSA MI Conference
They really had the kid walk home from downtown in his jays...
On the brink of self destruction
It's true. I was there & saw you, separated by a crowd and lots of people frantically carrying posters.
Feelin like I got tiger blood
Yes, please do! Thanks! I'm well... Enjoying a day off. How are you?
Ah! U shoulda said what's up!
Happy to provide the nostalgia! What would be ideal? If you came BACK to CA! Hello
Need to help our friends in the East. I will gladly adopt a family in need, come be safe. If in Tokyo send me a tweet, need a place? Best!
Working out then drinking... Good combo, right?
That lasted about four months. A part-time temp job helped tremendously. You're going through lots of changes.
i love wikipedia, saves my life everyday
TUESDAY Special!!! 14" Pie for only $8.99!! All Day, Every Tuesday
I'm down for whatever!!
Hate waking up to some weird ass times in th night -_____-
of course not, they're amazing :)
Anyone have a good lentil soup recipe? I've never made it.
The wife should not leave her husband and the husband should not divorce his wife. - I Corin. 7:10b & 11b
« Do I have a girlfriend ... Well technology No ..if you be my girlfriend, then ill make it so !!»
*Godz Messenger Ministers at the Vault Secular Club with Bobby Stevenson April 19, 2012 105 Winter st Boston Ma 11pm Wise Men Marketing
Sean: So the gas is on, but there is no fire. Sai: Uh, the stove is electric
Is is going down?!
great since my <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080> Celtics won the series <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
who know bout Mr.Lucci??! #TEXASFREESTYLEMASSACRE jammin right now
HNY. visions of football in our heads.
I'm up in the Berkeley hills waiting on the lunar eclipse. Its a wonderful night for a moondance.
no, just followed the gala affair on Twitter.
I spent time on your website today and wanted to thank you. I'm so inspired seeing what you carry! Makes me feel brave.
Thanks for the RT, and for all the Denver "Best" love!
Stupid Facebook.
RT : It's nobody up for me to text or talk to....hmu
these bulls wont go away!..Im a Heat fan but much respect to derrick rose fam...
will do captain
#Pens better really give a damn this whole period. Bryzgalov does suck so some effort would really give them a shot.
Last time I went to pick up in Hempstead I saw a papi get shot lol
Good morning beautiful Tweet family. Today will be a Good Day.
I didn't listen to the Beastie Boys so I can't really take part in the grieving today. Oh wait, am I making someone else's death about me?
#UBAKPsi will be hosting an Open Mic/Talent Night at 8pm today in the Hadley Community Center! Come out and have fun!
Sup!!!! Are you ready for BCC!!!!
I hear you don't let it ruin your day just focus on your goals and success cause your haters are your true motivaters
check if cisco works pls
Never been part II
how many classes need to learn? :)
More sessions today..I'm so happy...
pink label would be key!! Glad you like it
Scary! #AVATAR!!!
A ZuZu Frozen Lemon-limeade is the perfect snow cone alternative.
....phone's off....Betrayel!
be strong /:
In/near #ClvdHts? Watch for 40 new app sites this summer! Join us for an app-enhanced Coventry Village tour May 19.
I'm suddenly feeling very tempted by the new John Irving galley. Has anyone else read it?
watching now.
can we make our bats out of foie gras instead?
Cheaters never prosper!!
Drat! Didn't reply did I … I did receive the final project email.
Boy, stop with your limp dick.
Bob Arum Says Floyd Mayweather Jr. “Has No Chin” - Claims Floyd Fears Pacquiao’s Right Hand, Will Never Fight Him
Why is my internet being slow? -_-
/sigh - the geekiness is clearly on overdrive when you think you saw the phrase Dr. Who in your feed, and discover it was wishful thinkin'.
Appreciate it!
second people my age think they 'experienced love' .. plzz the only love you experienced is loving your family
Advice: avoid eating dinner with brand-new iPad on lap
If Zimmerman lived there and patrolled the neighborhood nightly, why the need to check the street name? What a sociopathic liar!
Sleep sleep sleep work work work
Annoys me when people hit you up like "what's up stranger" um u don't call or text me...so I sure in the hell ain't calling or texting u
Ughh missed the school bus and city bus, I guess it's not for me to go to school today#tired af
How does not LEAD it's broadcast w/ injustice of #TrayvonMartinMurder? They close w/ it so U can turn off b4 it airs.
Need a Break from the relatives ? Christmas Eve @ One Up Come jam out to the hottest tracks w/ our resident DJ's, DJ 12 Tribe & Tre B.
Happy 10 months to my man :)))
Leave it On the Floor: Review by Jessica Schauberger - Seattle University Spectator
: yess.. yess it would.!! Haha so what's up with you; how you been.?? :)
Lets see what tomorrow brings
I think I might go stay w/ mii grandma!
Never in my life have I wanted to flip off a firefighter. But never has a parade of them hollered at me.
Indulge your girlness.
welcome, I love that wine too. :)
Thank you...I'll check him out!
The immaturity of people is gettin out of hand
ryan folloe back ?:)
Selena Is Incredible whilst sucking juices
Count Down til my Bday! In 7 days This year I will have two celebrations "Miami and DeLand" #ICE!
bad Jimbo. You're a bad influence
00041 Thu05jan12 . Clock in 1600 . Folding plastic bags today . no broadcast
Ann Coulter annoys me...arrgh. The bottom line is is that a child was killed and NO ONE has been arrested.
We obtained our name! (). We can now say goodbye to () which is now available to the public.
yes! I want to see you all!!
A lot of homeless guys hang out at Celtic Garden & Howl at the Moon. Right across the street from Randal's
Our 3rd Annual 5k/10k is just around the corner! Register your team today by clicking on "Create Your Team" in the link!...
Upgraded from a 6yr old pro to an Air....didn't think I could love another Mac as much, but I was wrong. HIGHLY recommend it!
great movie man great movie
Hey friends, hits the stage of the LC Pavilion in Columbus, OH this Friday with Ted Nugent, R u going? #nugenttour,
RT Watching the fight... with your face balled up... and you don't know why..smj
it makes me so sad knowing my hero will.never notice or follow me it would make my world if you did ur amazingly adorable <333
Just had my heart broken
H 2 holy S
30 more 'likes' until y'all get some downloadable TDOMB classics. Please bring the fire as far as promotion goes. We'd appreciate it!
but Lebanon and Serbia have Internet cafes
How Red is the NC county I live in? 77% voted for Amedment 1 on Tuesday. Sigh.
I like fountains. WINK WINK NIGGGA.
soo i think ferret makes you high..lol, wut?
RT RT : If u cant #BringHerHomeToMom maybe u should just leave her ass at the club!!!!
please notify brandon that that picture is shit.
I'm super pumped for my first guitar lesson tonight.
is writing a poem that is inspired by painful memories..
THE ONLY #GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE W/THE INTELLECTUAL HUFF TO STAND NEXT #OBAMA IS HUNTSMAN. #GOP/TPers TOO STUPID TO KNOW IT.
I think I should hit the gym today...
#Scandal is easily the best new show on TV, broadcast and cable included. How does it feel ?
the difference between Obama and Bush are night and day. We had good reason to call him "not so smart"
hey how are you?
lol I like that people have freedom
Last summer was THE best...hopefully this summer will at least come close!
“: The #Bucks still sharing the ball well with 17 assists in the 1st half. Be Together. #BeMilwaukee” Love my Bucks!!
I never go out anymore fackkkkk
is job hunting and eating too much.
Ethan said he wants people to bring something for the families at for his bday instead of presents for himself!
What was your craziest night in #Vegas?
Art Opening happening right now at the library for Noreen O'Toole!
when ppl retweet stuff that you tweeted months ago ! lol
I'mma Conceited Nigga I must admit because of
wow. Nope. Sorry.
My mom called me and said text back wit Yo titties on it o_O
Thx for RT! Blog post by : Dan Rockwell, Leadership Freak, had an auto accident and needs our help.
Everytime I think I'm over him he does something to pull me back in
At Gannett Leadership presentation
Hi, thanks as always for your never ending support!
No problem. Nice "Moneyball" pitch. Tellagence sounds very interesting. I'll definitely have to check it out when it's available
is it bad form to contact the hiring manager for a job you submitted an application/resume for? Should I just wait for HR?
: Guys, if you don't have Batwoman #1 on your pull lists for September, WHAT IN GOD'S NAME IS WRONG WITH YOU?”
that was some jaw dropping ish right there lol
steamroller , drunk and L-boy interlude Ctfup I can't decide between them
shout out to all the good girls that aint went bad yet
wat is your artist name?
Last Buck to start in the NBA All-Star game. Never. Records go back to the mid-80's. Last Buck in the game was Michael Redd in 2004
I'm about be being here.
40% of people will decide based on a church's online presence whether or not to even walk through the door.
Adorable picture!
I don't put much stock in the whole "appearance of evil" thing, but I do for the "appearance of good". :D
we're awesome! we have a great show coming up tonight!
I feel like cryin
lol im kidding who is this person mentioning me? btw
I love how 2 first downs is considered a drive
Keep A Couple Wet Wipes Incase A Groupie Touch Me.
Alas! imagine a Turing test in < 140 characters. Over and out...
Are you in Bmore do you have skills that could be useful to young entrepreneurs looking for a cool way to volunteer get YOURS! dm me
Bus owner: we need a restorative justice system for people who pee in public (ie you get caught, you have to clean new PSq restroom)
WELL IDK ABOUT THE AUSTIN GUY PART BUT ALLY IS AWKWARDLY HILARIOUS
A really touching NYT story about our own Paul Cebar mourning a personal loss
Ok, so we're not streaming the drum video session today. Too much to get done to do it.
just accidentally put myself through watching the entirety of Please Give.
- Yes! I would like to come visit! Just… need… to … save.. money… :(
I can't wait until next week to see and punk demi lovato
I like all of thows songs! :]...my fav by rascal flatts is what hurts the most carrie underwood is
presentation done....1 exam to go this week!
praying for you
youre right! At least there are some free services available. but,
Let us all say it together, "red team sucks!"
fags with #attitude I can't take that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Double pits to chesty
Follow back? :D
I recommend reveling in not knowing.
bathtub gin
Jeff in. Dan out.
Turn on Wed. 9am for a segment on Collin County Council on Family Violence.
Thanks! It definitely is a labor of love :)
RT : Question of the Day: Do you think crowdfunding (i.e. Kickstarter) is the future of film projects getting funded?
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them … into the impossible. -Arthur C. Clarke
Review roundup: Verizon iPhone 4 is same set, different service
Thank you!
JOIN us for a Beach Invasion July 8-9 at Haulover Beach! Look for the Tropic MiamiBeat Pavilion then Join us for a night that's even hotter
Somebody txt me.
Thanks! I believe we used your data, with some modifications. Great website and apologies for not citing!
When kids start something in #Evernote, they can work on it from the classroom, from home, from library, from anywhere.
#FF is doing amazing work around #ICT and humanitarian response
Maybe Kathy needs a visit from say 50,000 of us tomorrow. She can't get away with it two times in a row.
I thought your ass was taking a nap!! Stop tweet watching.
That's been sitting on my queue for over a year...is it worth finally watching?
got hooked up with 2 chicken soft tacos today... good lookin out
The setlist for Saturday show has been one of our most internally debated, but we think we have a great one for ya portland
Messing around with my new phone from . First thing I did was watch chocolate rain. Works great so far.
When your lights start flickering on and off and your in the shower
Beautiful day in LA! Teaching at the Young Actor's program at The Lee Strasberg Theater Institute!
me to
Dear , #Buffalo loves you too!
"The Long Rows" 1966 -Benny Andrews. Intriguing, view from the height of a child looking at their mother bent over, both working in fields.
why the frown?
In any situation know what your getting yourself into.
I'm sure everybody gets nervous on that one! You do great!
Football, cartoons, and now.. Modern Warfare with the lil bro SHIT JUST GOT REAL SON!! #AMERICA!
Love for my boys! Go
Have you ever hauled anything WEIRD in your car?
Fluffs pillow, tucks myself in and begins to listen RT : speaking of that say I have a story fur you
dont do it. root for the orange . think orange and black. still some room on the #Flyers bawagon. I'm driving.
well listen baby maybe I don't want a housewife
Well you've somehow managed to make it without me for the last month.. :(
Poor girls haven't realized what a douche bag they have on their hands.
Rest in peace, Dick Clark.
lol so true
Examining my morning news with a cup of coffee. Wishing for a relaxation day.
Watch Carl On Fox Business with Neil Cavuto at 6:00 P.M
Lunch with Wondering if he'll treat his big brother to lunch or not. I'll find out soon.
Details about a cover contest will be posted shortly. Who's got what it takes?
This is (guy) Kelly. I think Andy and Steve have both used this once in the past too.
Missed this earlier! Thanks as always for Tweeting about The Bandee :-)
Rise and Shine. Morning world. Here's Day 2.
oh how fun :)
Reuniclus, you mute lunatic, you're a genius!.
yes please!
Am I losing you...?
I must say, listening to my #Spotify playlist today has made me feel like a little bit of a bad-ass.
happy birthday to me
A colleague of mine found a photo of someone else receiving a design award for her work... what would you do in her shoes?
Thanks for the follow, Coach!
Stop. Shooting. 3s.
I have to see the avengers today.... not waiting anymore
And 22 million for , you go glen coco!
you eat diary
you remember me, huh?
I'm ready for new video to come out tonight! ha
I'm resting near Allentown PA, on my way to teach a workshop in Williamsport. This is the 4th year, and these kids are great.
have you tried the "don't blame the messenger" gambit? You can also remind them tomorrow's Friday too. Sleds on Saturday!
Last minute #deal, TAX RELIEF #discount. Get 15% off your entire order, enter discount code TAX2012 at checkout.
Wait for the iPhone 5 to come out next month. Since you already have an iPad, the OS will be a piece of cake!
thank you for following me
Traveling to your wedding by car? Hang your gown so the bodice is facing the car door & drape the gown front to back across the back seat.
checking out #Sonicbids event at
WEB NEWS: ThriveSolo Giveaway
RT : A4: Branding/connecting with an ethnic identity ie Little Italy or Chinatown still seems to be very powerful
how did it go?
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted
#YouMad has like half the female population checking him out
Pregnancy cravings success today - both flavors of ice cream I bought (raspberry sorbet & java chip) are sublime
Just got back from a 12 mile run in coconut grove :-) Gotta LOVE morning runs!!
TRX time...time to pay for the doughnuts !
why is my iPod down my shorts...? I am extremely confused
Sorry to hear it. Tell 'em you have a dagger!
RT : "Social media is not about being everywhere. It's about being great at where you are." -
Time to #donatelife. :-)
Where would I buy that at?
Watchin the Heat game highlights piss me off. U never go off on yo coach like that. They were losin anyways he wuda sat out til after 4th.
what u doing ?
#iBeatMyDickSoMuch that it pills like a bananna
uh-oh. I predict it'll be #5shitbooksandcounting. I was really disappointed by it (only made it through about 60 pp,).
hey i just bought one less lonely girl and one time on itunes. can you follow me?
fake and gay
what if i miss talking to you too?
this line is so long and there's 2 hours left till they open the doors DAMN you get more famous each second! c:
LEE County Courier- Review of MACEDO- in Mississippi!
Dear Tweakers...you rock.
Friends of St. Mary's Park in the historic Seaton Hill neighborhood talking about their success w/ the Partnerships for #Parks program.
what are you doing??
go brewers!! world series or bust
Especially when I wear my cowgirl boots with my.... love you
Hm...I'm bored @ the airport guess ill start tweeting. Hi :-) have a great weekend
Hellen Mirren forgot to mention the fact that Morgan Freeman married his own granddaughter.
THANK YOU."Nerds" don't fucking exist anymore. They're a stereotype that died in the 1990's.
You are so lucky to have such an amazing talented nephew like Austin.<3
working? If so, until when?
the mood is sad today. It's raining and someone i thought i hated died yesterday. Life throws curveballs that just makes you wonder sumtimes
I just used the phrase "shiv a hipster." I'm so street. And professional.
To all my neighbors - you got much flavor.
..Because right now, I almost wish I was you.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> #brokenheartedd ??
Allstar weekend! , Jonas brothers :)!!
hahaha I should!!
I'm working it out. Pics soon.
Back at ya.
Thanks for the link! I cover higher ed, so this could be a story for me to follow locally!
Cool off with a fresh Irv Kupcinet Chopped Chicken Salad with corn, avocado, bacon, egg and blue cheese!
My favorite sport is
Dear Italy: thank you so much for fresh biscotti, sanza glutine. Almost brought to tears in bakery by the fresh, lemony, sugar, treat!
boo! (behind you?)
scratch marks..
Probably just a reflection of the effort he put into HS! (just started the book, btw)
Its always nice to read things like this RT Most anticipated albums this year: Lamb Of God
I Laugh if it was Juz10 or Her phone number lol
Aww man! :( Can you get it back?
Poor Dad, Poor Dad
I #HATE cockroaches. <U+E416>
when is the next time I get to dust off my evening gown? I'm ready for the next round of some finely attired shenanigans.
“: #TeeAss is the reason I need a BIGGER instagram box”. O_o SMDH
Merry Christmas from rainy Las Vegas!
Babies are so damn cute. Right, ?
Fans can lineup to get into the #seau memorial at gates B, D, F, G, K & P. The line at G is crazy. Short lines elsewhere.
I HATE when people talk about other people to make them look good just because they know some wrong with them but they wont except the fact
How would you like to make some $$ giving feedback on your experience with ? Ping back for more info :-)
Thank you! Happy Racing Weekend!!!! Woo!!! :) Go
The Mila Kunis and interview in is hysterical
Halfway through the voting period and we're way ahead of last year. 15.95% of members have voted. I've voted. Have you?
Convinced that the only time people use LinkedIn is at 4:50am.
Final Editing on TLB's music video so it can be shown in Germany to 13 Country officials creating awareness for human trafficking!
They don't know we know they know we know.
Exactly. I am now searching for the "Poor Betty" account, backlash to the backlash.
2Chainz' music is too too quotable.
also...i thought you were taller than that.
Believe it or not, Julia doesn't get to decide. :-)
Enjoyed the last 2 weeks in Southern California, but I'm ready to head home tomorrow. Thanks for the hospitality,
Pain that you have gone through, makes you stronger person.
That's why you gotta be up on "burners" if you're gonna play that dangerous game. Just ask Stringer Bell.
oh- that stink in the alley is just an old drunk ghost
Ok. Third game. They split the first two.
Found my inspiration for my #ISTE11 presentation, Make It Work, this morning. Ready now to crate some zen presenting!
Him: What are you doing for the holidays. Me: Surviving.
BREAKING NEWS - TRIVIA AT 10pm EST - check back in for question for chance to WIN band - RT & follow
uploaded my pic :)
Gotta love summerchi. Everyone just seems in a good mood.
I suspect my children belong to an organization w/ goal of keeping me from a decent night's sleep. An org w/ a secret handshake. And candy.
thank you!
It is.
As much plenty as there is 'out there' we definitely are not going to keep doing without 'in here'!
My bitchass MKTG prof. is making us do a quiz on the day of the final as well. Yes...two separate exams.
So proud, just networked my home printer.
was just talking about you the other day! Hope you are well!
We just got home from 3 wks of traveling...TX, Louisiana, NY, & L.A. What a whirlwind! We had a great time & loved seeing family & friends.
“: i miss mr wallace” l o l WALLACE
Finally got my copies of the album from & ITS BIGGER THAN HIP HOP
I'm still down if that's cool. Any pre-hike brunch plans?
If you're not watching this Bears/Packers game, you're missing an amazing NFC Championship.
Q2 Use informal sessions to throw ideas off smaller groups i.e. 2-3 people
Lights and electricity out... Laptop's out of juice, too. Perfect timing. :(
I miss this class so much Shirlene! Meow :(
Bye everyone!!! Off to Mexico I go :) God bless
i accept that explanation!
- those are some good looking Brussels spouts. You eat um?
Joan gives students a self-assessment at beginning and end of classes. Candy as incentive.
Cry more about netflix. Your tears are delicious. Be satisfied you can get every show and movie ever, instantly. It's an amazing service.
Man that's COLD !!!
Oklahoma will participate in Region 2 semifinals today beginning at noon
California dreaming. Good thing we're back home tomorrow. The peace and quiet is killing me.
I love it! I never practiced safe USB removal until this year. People need educated about that:)
it's Internet Safety Week again. time to frighten parents into helping their kids to use the internet safely.
Anyone want a slurry of Kolsch yeast (wlp029)?
Thank god my upgrade is in june
This is impossible...
Ask and you shall receive. Maybe not when you want it, but definitely when you need it.
Money can't buy you happiness.
its so funny that every time you say "Good Morning" I am now heading to bed or have not even reached my bed yet!! lol
I get excited seeing babies
Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast.
first OFFICIAL day off school! :p
If the poeple in movies would have listened to me they would still be alive.
#NextFriday #someone #call #jennycraig #before #I #put a #hit #out #on #this #fatass #bitch. CieraMariexoxo
Thanks, Rannie! I've been having a wonderful day.
Fanny pack still in it! Yes!
It's finally here Summer camp 2011 registration is now open YEEEEHAAAAAWWWW
East Village Body Shop - 620 Eighth Ave. San Diego 92101 (619) 269 6372. Call to schedule a class or go online www.eastvillagebodyshop.com.
Morein: Not one response has been towards passing the resolution. People are so divided, we don't want to misrepresent student opinion.
Shame on for correlating UF budget cuts & athletics budget increase. UAA privately funded & giving $6M to school this yr!
Show got moved to 1am right after White Fence. #cheerupcharlie's
Dissappointed to hear that wave is going to be dropped. I think it is a great tool. Now I need to finish the work in progress while I can.
“: WHOLE PLANE CHANTING "DON'T LET ME GET IN MY ZZOOOOOONE!" #ThroneFlight #BestFlightBacktoLAEver”
Mexico VS. Argentina 11:30am TODAY!
In PDX - Paley's,Le Pigeon, Little Bird, Beast, BlueHour, so so many great ones...
Heading out to shoot some fun looks today...the weather is crazy gorgeous...can't wait!
Bayern Munich vs Marseille - Munich dominating so far.
THANK YOU PENGUINS FOR AN AWESOME SEASON! Let's hope for a DEEPER run next season!! :-))))))))
lmao you & Justin stupid mane !
Drink Responsible!!!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Amazon Kindle Fire
Feeding birds? Offering water? If so, offer water during the winter via a heated bird bath! Ours has a thermostat built-in heater. Nice!
The hottest pepper on the planet!
Coming up tonight on 27 news at ten/sports. We will hear from badger running backs John Clay and James White
Todd Helton does is again with a PH Grand Slam!!!
Grindr was fun but it only made me realize how all of the #OrlandoGays have pretty much fucked each other.
yeah I saw that too. smh...only the Browns.
even better... TRT
Leaving Tom Sawyers island!!!! :)
All my work out buffs...I need to switch up my weight routine, its getting hella boring. Suggestions?
sang the most perfect vocals on the planet tonight at the Beacon. "Good Vibrations" and "In My Room" were both astounding.
ok love I'm taking you up on that offer haha I'm paying!! Also can I touch your ears?
The venom of the Australian Brown Snake is so powerful only 1/14,000th of an ounce is enough to kill a human.
Glad our "What Tree Is It?" tool was helpful!
Off to punch that L.A. Fitness clock.
Thanks so much..Just released my first cd on Hope you'll check it out...
ALways looking for the next gadget Canadian-poker: Online Poker Players Dominate Live Tournaments MONTREAL--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Online poker
Thanks dude!
Who out there has ever been punished for their supreme intelligence? ( is curious)
I've come to the conclusion that I need to tweet more. So I'll start now: In Daytona partyin' it up!
it was guud I have no idea y my mom is making me start since there's 15 days left
The Rimjobs of Madison County.
I think what messes us up the most is that we all have the perfect picture in our minds of how things are supposed to be.
Effective SEO = Link location, ...tion, ...tion. Fast results come from SEO providers that have control of high traffic sites to place links
Lol. I don't either, but if you figure it out I'll definitely sign it! (;
YOU CALLED ME TODAY?.
Hey ??? Have you or ever called or talked to Kiss FM about getting song played on the radio? :))
Velociraptors have no visible weaknesses. Except, of course, explosions.
Wifey is sick... Time to bust out the paper plates.
That is a bummer.
Legit 48 hours with no sleep, I'm knocking the fuck out !
do you think it would be possible for you guys to record us an intro for our website? :)
YES! Thank you for this! I think we need to go bowling very soon :)
hehe. we just kidding. but we still love you!
The Blue Man Group said it was cool to tweet from their show, so greetings from Denver; happy birthday & Yeeehaaa!
underrated band!
Cats have 4 rows of whiskers on each side of its face. The bottom 2 rows can move independently of the upper 2 rows.
Pulse Seismic Inc. Reports Record Quarterly Results and Updates Capital ... - SYS-CON Media (press release)
Not even joking, my parents let my 13 year old brother drive and not me. I'm serious
You ARE going to the beach tomarrow. If I have to take you out ur little window I will
will do!
just kidden man I'm fully concerned
Thanks again for talking with us last week, we all learned a lot, and appreciated your time
While riding my bike down south lamar my face almost almost met the side of a car due to a motorist who failed to consider bike traffic.
You called me an annoying little f*ck :\
We don't know if it's true, or what he was arrested for. Doubtful he loses the season.
wa ha ha ha ha ha!
good for you both, glad to hear it
it's not too late to vote for us to win 10k from Pepsi. text 110321 to 73774 and vote online at www.refresheverything. com
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!!
My belief is that if u wake up in the morning, or in the middle of the night, & all u want to do is write, then u’re a writer. - C. Ahern
Attempting to master twitter! Technology!
she said thanks big gucci lol :)
lots of helicopters, cops and sirens and noise in #sanpedro. what the hell is going on? anyone know?
you got a point. And while the shoot hasn't netted me a paycheck...YET...it has gotten me free product!
The confused faces of my fellow physiological psych classmates are so comforting!
Woke up out mg sleep cuz I'm starving
This fat girl is talking about growing her own food !
Mexican Dude Ran Up On Me For No Reason And Pulled on Me
Austin looks so happy now that he got his braces off
I'll be there! RT : #HHAwards roll call: who else is going? Hit me up if anyone's up for a tweetup!
Late lunch
TY to my new followers. Let's get 2 know each other. I was born on Peachtree St in Atlanta. Now in Hollywood. Where R U from? Still there?
Film director James Cameron returns to the surface after becoming the first person in 50 years to reach the deep..
If you're wearing sandals with pants on I just want you to know I'm the one who spit on the back of your shirt.
Congratulations on winning the $50,000 for Muscular Dystrophy Association on the celebrity apprentice tonight, GREAT JOB!
Dont be an idiot and argue. Anwser the question. Or be like carl DONT BE IN TGE HOUSE I PROBABLY WONT LIKE YOU IF YOU ACT IDIOTIC.-A
Creepy crab man head on the wall... O_O
i wish my mom would move to jersey so i can take care of her >>>> :/
dear earthlings..
Just discovered that the inventor of the ouija board was from the Baltimore area, went to , & is buried at Greenmount Cemetery! Neat.
there was an application you had fill out&return last week. Try going to ms gibbson during lunch.
perfect time of year....
"Chicks dig scrawny white guys" -
I just took the oath and became US citizen this morning. Happy to complete this long process and proud to be American !
#BikinisSBG Albert Im is a beast - ate a whole Big Buck'n Burger yesterday in one sitting. Video... he promises... is forthcoming.
Happy pot day! Not that I'm into that kind of thing, but whatever turns your crank. Puff on, you crazy diamond.
Do you want people to present at the Boston one?
Is the Federal Government trying to control the housing market??? Yes, just like everything else America. We need to wake up America!!!
Good luck this season fellas!
Stovetop stuffing for dinner. I'm on a really good diet for vacation.
what memories! We need to come back to Paris for real! U would fall in love with this city!
At this foot doctor ugh why can't my feet be normal
Me Two and I have to leave in 10 min
you suck eggs
follower of the day is ! everybody go follow her!
Let the weekend begin....
Starting a #legalblog for a client to up their #readgeneration. We've done so successfully for #plumbers, #tobacconists, #realtors & others
Made: 1) black bean-smoked chile spread 2) curried tomato spread 3) roasted broccoli with chiles 4) multi-grain pilaf 5) meat for doggie
Anybody know if Pueblo Reservoir trails are dry enough?
What strains do you like?? :)
I want my green shoes to arrive now!!!! Gonna be a straight man rocking green suede shoes!
Should have ran PA
Final Week Event tonight! Student Art Auction at 7pm in Newcomb Ballroom--come see (and buy) some great #Art!
fine good you do?
Keep snowing!!
Not minding the #CUSE draw at all. #FloridaState and #ohiostate could be dangerous and of course they put #Cincy on our side. Not bad tho
I aint got no reason to lie
I applaud McDonalds for its coffee.
2013 Butler Target Luke Fischer from Germantown, Wisconsin committed to Indiana last night. He was in attendance for their game.
I may be the only person on this plane today!!!
good to hear. Heal up soon man. We need you!
You have Austin Rivers fallin to the Mavs at No. 17. He'd be perfect great fit but could he drop that far or would Mavs trade up?
570 followers people love me!! im so loved and thrilled thanks :)
attempting to meet with natasha(:
No credibility whatsoever
Pay to Play
Anyone close to or in Public Square. Reports are "Public Square looks like Times Square" as everyone is waiting to get into the new casino.
Hahaha more crap calls and fucked up lucky ass plays... And still won. Great job
so, two women can't be spokespeople? Or two men, for that matter?
“: #Favorite2011PackerMemories Technically I've got 15 of them.” yep -thanks guys.
no but I'm on WiFi LOL. :)
yes, yes I did. I so hope it made you laugh or at least chuckle! Aside from the boring drive, how's the trip been?
Maybe a little ugly #SKC, but that'll do pig. That'll do...
culooo this Saturday is Dariel B-day party!!! So ya tu sabe
Hello Friday! What's on tap for you this weekend, Milwaukee?
Delicious meal tonight with , Megan & Liz! Cute crab soup dumplings, rice noodles & lychee mousse were my faves.
Same here! I like to feel the pages between my fingers. :)
until Apple changes the game, I don't see how the "black box that streams" is a better option than a console that streams.
Kristen Wiig guest stars on tonight's Simpsons episode as the new music teacher, tune in at 5!
Breaking News: Jeremy Lin announces he is Running For President!
Are we listening - really listening?
im down watchu tryna do bro?
getting my new website ready to launch! look out for Saintclark.com
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe
So incredibly excited for the season 4 premiere
30 minutes to relax before the nex challenge!
"We have a huge unemployment problem." engages the audience and asks about their future job prospects and loans.
We think your a joke shove your hope where it don't shine.
Working on our next review: Schneider Weisse Hefe-Weizen.
It's that time of the week... Happy #FF! We like
QoTD: "There's no such things as coulda, shoulda, or woulda. If you shoulda and coulda, you woulda done it." (Pat Riley)
That was NYC
It would mean the world to me and my 2 wonderful daughters if you picked me please?!?!
Agreed!! Great meeting!!
If your vision is big, you’re going to need some help. Like a master chef, gather the best ingredients possible.
#followmefredo and whoever loves
i was jus wit her (: now finna go get my phone and gon hang wit her and my niggahs
DOES IT EVEN MATTER? FLYERS WIN!!!!
#SignsYouCantTwerk when the dude pulls his cell phone out mid dance and texts/orders pizza, etc.
can someone please just take me to olive garden???
Three-point game. 17 seconds left. Gus on the call on Yes, please.
bc they're so hot???
If you can marry a song, then I'm for sure marrying a voice. Is that weird that I'm in love with a guy's singing vocals? :p
just posted your deal on Deal Swap.
Ha! Tried so many! all different colors! Too fun and funny! LOL Liked Sarah Jessica Parker's and Jessica Biel's were great:)
the birth scene is really disturbing though
nope!! Put ur page back up!!! Lol!!
Smell you later, DEN. Off to SEA!
Going to the #PhillyZineFest today!
Oregon state fair will be fun!
Off to the after party :)
and tomorrow?
don't want to be nobody's next big thing. we're happy to keep our heads down in obscurity, doing the peoples' work.
Lost my Raybans, I've had those babies for 3 years and took perfect care of em. It's frustrating.
Shut up. RT do it up. “ Feeling like I'm gonna cause heartbreak”
I think my nerves got the better of me today, should have had a cocktail with lunch.
Tomorrow, April 2, is World Autism Awarenees Day. Show your support and "Go Blue!"
Everything is always perfect at Hollywood Arts. (;
I feel you Meka. I always say Philly is a good place to be from. Philly will prepare you for anywhere in this nation.
I'm being kept till morning time. Luv my friends but seriously I hav things to do in the morning -_-
Raleigh date set, October 27th...team BH, here we come
Congrats to for a great charity event tonight! #CorlissfortheCure cc
Wow... that just made by heart drop.
RT ": I am happy, thats just the saddest lie"
All I want is to feel important to someone.
dramatic hair calls for dramatic pose!
you should probably know your geotrack is on. I know right where you tweeted from.
Man I dont know what this world has come to but i think I like it...
well played, Kelly.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit
Plus Full Frontal Disco night with Ryan Heffington...if you dance this is the shiiiiit!
All infra-red everything
This game is going almost exactly like I thought it would. This is the time UL needs to make its run
alexis will help you!! She loves math!
Did it hurt when you fell from the whore tree and banged every Guy on the way down?
Attending an online session about an ED.d program Rossier
If the p**sy was of a different nature, would you be saying that? HA!
Heck yeah!
I LOVE watching House in Ms.Quarve's. Dr.House is a hardass.
Hi Ann! Thanks for getting back to Kip so quickly and we look forward to hearing from Robert! :)
Hey #Acons! What do you think if a tribute to Alex Constancio? :)
RT : Nielsen research indicates Android (48%) & Apple (32%) are the leaders in the smartphone market so focus on design for them.
or just return it! haha
AAAAwWWWW!!! I do. And I miss you guys!
Like a good neighbor James Scott is there!
but if you'd told me at 25 this is where I'd be I think I would have laughed
everytime I see your name on my phone I can't help but smile :)
more stress?
Katy Perry CANNOT sing at all.
& add the perfect handbag! RT "Give a girl the right shoes and she can conquer the world." --Marilyn Monroe
I think the boys need a rockstar at halftime.
4 hours of sleep or so is not conducive to much in the way of creative thinking.
It's been a bit buggy. Have you had your playlists randomly be out of order?
All my followers check this out re-n-vent ft. yours truly
Have any #FSUfreshmen or #FAMUfreshmen arrive yet?
Just because you make a mistake doesn’t mean you are a mistake. - Georgette Mosbacher
IM CRYINg STILL!!!!
If only they could tell that by my scent...
Staying up for some tennis match or something. would be proud.
To get reviews, ASK. Offer to send people you know a free review copy if they will post on Amazon. Most won't bother, but some will.
RT "Real G's move in silence like Lasagna!"
22 months into recovery from motorcycle accident.....I am beginning to see that I am really going to be okay!.....Thank God!
Man, so much on my plate right now, nd I can't even eat it.. Time to get up//Life ain't passing me by .. *GOOD MORNING BABEZ*
Nearing the end of the Yamaha Guitars LL6 Giveaway! Who's gonna win?
So cold in my house
First follower. First tweet. Welcome to Twitterville.
This is exciting! I just hit 14K on Twitter! Thanks to everyone who has followed me!
To quote "little Mary" "I'm a math major. I don't do words, I do word problems"
You holding weekly's? or February's?
must be Ben's. I love their veggie chili cheese fries. My non beg head friends love them too.
I'm good , wbu?
Strategy never wins against day-to-day fires and operations. Urgency outweighs importance.
There is nothing wrong with wanting a life partner. We are social creatures and require connection to others for survival.
We could be the perfect couple, we're just not in the perfect situation.
is gearing up for the Holiday hustle and bustle for imprinted promotional products. Are you ready?
Wow. 0_o NEVER knew there were so many "Expert" Marketers on Twitter.
One more hour of studying and I promise I'm going to sleep
<--- is thee most difficult person to text lbvs
IRON & CARDIO TIME!!!
I misspoke. Its Alief Bang thats reopening this weekend. not S R & Tapes.
I need another hobby other than Twitter.
Now that the studio work is done for now we can focus on set writing time. Wonder what we should play
Sleep doesn't like me
good session
lol.you are a trip D:)
Q3 via What have you found that is undiscovered in a place that is already very well discovered?
email your address to and I'll send you a list of prize books to chose from
#mobwives v #rhonj - soo much Guido in the same hour! Sunday night couch bliss
How we suffer for our art. How'd the callback go?
Catch Eclipse Movement at the #heightsfest at midnight!
looking forward to working with you one day sir!
Swimming today was amazing I love combining laps with turns and water gymnastics!!
"Cause you've been hurt before I can see it in your eyes I can see it in your eyes; baby I can ease the ache"<3
I think so. Atheism has gained currency as a distinct, affirmative identity. Different than non-believer.
Which in turn hurt cause that was my version of love, I care
Words of #Wisdom! “Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” Dr Seuss
haha it's a quote from our book
yeah, but how many errors does Hamilton have? Huh? Huh? Padres got him there! Ha!
Ahh thanks for the suggestion! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
looking forward to having you tonight ! any questions please email
If I wasnt with my dad earlier I woulda been like where my money bitch. Lucky it's only 5, puto.
“: Jose Reyes has 12 stolen-base attempts in his last 49 games, dating back to mid-August of last season.” have fun Miami
Michael Murff of Paypal wanted to send money-LIVE-to a conference attendee who has never used Paypal. That would've been cool!
Next time holla at me, I've got clippers. Can buzz it real nice for ya lol RT ": Time for a haircut, I needed this ASAP"
yours r momz?
Heat fans that became heat fans when Lebron came <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Has there been one debate in which Newt hasn't slammed the moderator? Imagine this against BO?
oh I bet you are
" Happiness is not a Destination, It is a way of Life. "
it's different! The morning WODs are harder ;)
haha no problem hit me up if u ever in da okc haha
"Ew, I'm already sweating!"
I don't even remember applyin' for nothin!!
I had a hard time with the 15 minute test. The name fits
Chen Guangcheng puts Wen Jiabao to another test on his call for political reform.
peace out!!!
I swear when you licked the Hershey I went crazy blushing . <U+2661>
Since when did winter start?
Save some BBQ for me. I'll be down there tonight!
Thank you for following us!
Sam Riggs is getting airplay! You know it!
Walkiing To School Today!!! :D
It is way too cold this morning.. Don't want to get out of bed. <U+5BD2><U+304F><U+3066><U+8D77><U+304D><U+305F><U+304F><U+306A><U+3044>!
Deal is @ urbansavers.com! Sign up to get access!
Real men know how to court a woman
thank you so much for your kind words. With dedication and patience your skills will grow quickly.
Prom pictures blowing up facebook
Shout out to eebody staying down and keepn it real
Nobody expects the French Canadian protestation.
Google docs :) Nothing detrimental to me. Had a client send me something once & it was intercepted by a vendor somehow.
not many coaches, most would be too afraid to sit their star and highest paid player.
A good morning and hello to the readers in Iraq...:-)
The #Whitworth baseball team is NCAA Tournament bound! They swept Whitman with today's 8-7 win, are #NWC co-champs & get the automatic bid!
yup soo this was a complete gossip hour XD
what is your email?
#Thanks #Enjoy your day!
"As God is my witness, I thought turkeys could fly."
“: #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Indiana Jones and the Titties of Doom”
This is a great exhibit on #plasticpollution! Have you gone to check it out?
Time to watch Hugh, Go. I hope it lives up to the hype.
Sometimes, you need to be alone. Not to be lonely, but to enjoy your free time being yourself.
Just made some ballin ass sugar cookies from scratch.
on Friday, my tip was to pick a number & list points. Tonite, my 4 yr old did it.
Youre good at this. You should make a twitter for those.
Had dinner at Baru on Friday and I'm STILL thinking about how delicious it was!
PowerPoint unexpectedly crashing and failing to recover all of my work makes me twitch. On the upside, it did recover most of it.
Frances Arnold: safe sex with molecules
Any girl that has duck lips in her pictures are just asking to get shot in the face
UNC 43 UK 38 at the half. Much different game then when your boys played my Badgers!
Woohoo!! The Tech Data Gov't Team is following me!!
Orecchiette is messed up because it just telescopes onto itself and you end up having pasta Pringles.
Thunder Cake by Patricia Polacco: Early-age emotional eating..<U+2602>
I don't think you'd be jealous that I have the worst red-eye on the way there. 9p to 5a. ugh.
Those of us at GolfOregonApp are looking forward to a powerful relationship with you. Your products look amazing.
I hate being home alone!
Great Person for Woman Hormones,
Get your $1.00 baguettes today!
that's not fucking funny
bottom of the ocean is my jam~
haha I know right!!
Follow The Founder & CEO Of "Networking In Atlanta" Brandon Miltsch *RT*
it lets me follow over the tweet limit now!!! Ysy lol
Q2A: We often enjoy our cozy time together after the kiddo goes to sleep.
HAPPY (Belated) NEW YEAR !!!!! :D
Linkin park to start the morning. Yes! No no more sorrow!
Poetry is the utterance of deep and heartfelt truth. The true poet is very near the oracle.
Coffee-fueled editing - does that count as happy? :)
One week until Tax Day (U.S.). April 17th this year. Are you ready? Hopefully ur done or have a plan in place.
For sure! I have been wanting to check it out for a long time! Benson's table tasty? :)
Movie Morning with Patrick. Ahahaha. Fun morning.
i had court on probation for a year :(
thanks, Dana! Bret
And the yanks win again.
Is a recipe a genre? yes! a collection of conventions, a way of organizing.. write a recipe about the writing process!
cant stop wont stop cant stop wont stop
I love Considering using a gift card for din there as a wed gift for a couple this summer. Have a good time!
My Derby selection:Gemologist!!! He's the real deal!!
Thanks, same to you:)
i want to walk on water
I still can't believe that it all starts tomorrow
Costume ideas: Gordon Freeman, Companion Cube, or Bavarian Lederhosen?
GO UPTOWN NEW YORK CITY -pew pew pew- \O\ /O/ ~
Need a reminder on what people really care about? Hit the Instagram popular page.
I can say Youk did not seem emotionally invested in that at bat.
Tell that to my brief moment of anxiety. :p
thank you for the support
High Dive on Morena Blvd. has a profile in Oct issue of SD Home Garden magazine. HD knows craft beer and their food menu is tops.
people seriously pray for japan and that goes with there 80,000 people missing
spiced rum and eggnog! this should be UR holiday drink! so what its 600 cals! go to the gym and skip lunch...worth every sip!
Please support Calypso Lemonade and follow it.
Howdy Tweethearts! I have been so bad, but I just haven't found much time for tweeting lately.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME (:
thanks for the plays and that like.
TRUE BLOOD, I wish your season didn't have to end... Oh and I love my new job! Nordstrom you make me so happy.
Awww that txt he jus sunt made me smile :))
I'm tryna get one!!!
we will be talking about the role of art in city rehab today 6pm PT. We'd love to hear your thoughts, follow
I'd like to start today w/ a happy 420 bowl.. the rest of the day is blunts tho (;
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
did you watch the clipper game?
you know, I think I saw Keys make a face when Efron first said it. but then she repeated his error.
Pretty sure "a stand-up comedian who bills herself as one of tallest women on the planet" is every mother's dream for her son
:) welcome back
Love roses and love the Badgers!!
Gotcha. The architectural covenants, which are clearly communicated to buyers, are indeed part of owning a home there.
Goddamnit, I guess I'm a Caps fan now!
Cortwright #talentdividend all of net job creation in past year for the college educated.
The good physician treats the disease; the great physician treats the patient who has the disease..
If a BA doesn't fill out an event application questions, we can't submit his or her application to clients! Tell us why you'd be a good fit!
We’re all addicted to something that takes away the pain.
where you at tonight?
it was great to see you again!
I. Need. Netflix.
doesn't he realize that is why McCain didn't get elected?
you already have the giant melon like Buck, so you're on track!
I went outside in the living room lookin all ratchet and Tyson's girlfriend was outside .__.
ahh, so that explains the skid mark on Reb's face as you left said men's room, per WLOX....
really good documentary on Netflix about Vogue mag, The September Issue
Welcome to the Twitters! Had a blast hanging out w/ you last week! Working on an email that you should get by the end of today.
hey where are you from in Ohio? :)
RT : Paul's confidence was a result of faithfulness. 2 Tim 4:7
follow our latest film, DETROPIA on twitter
Please tell me why nobody is answering their freaking phones. NOBODY. Seriously I could be dying right now.
You gave some wonderful information on Saturday. It totally helped me revamp my social media presence. Thanks!
I bet your other half is extremely jealous over all the media frenzy about you!
Damn Flyers! What happened?
Im sorry for your experience. We are happy to give you a refund. Please call our office today and we can help you out.
To all you lions fans out there I wanna know what y'all got to say I mean really
it'd be a lot easier to spell if you weren't in Florida surrounded by girls and alcohol lol
Hi Molly! We've spoken before!
#kispd Twitter is an online Professional Learning Community in and of itself. Minnesota doing online teacher PD across the U.S.
??? You mean Florence to the Lions?
WTH! You're pissing me off!!
Of course Avery! We appreciate the feedback.
thank you! We can't wait for the show, it should be a good one!
talking marketing and promo videos for the upcoming #UWM mobile app
gotcha. Thankfully i went in without any knowlege other than "it was a winner" nurse was great. Dont get the soap in tea though
that's true ! Never say never ! :D i love miley 2
Hes weeping in the lockerroom right now RT : Homie was back on the bench before the ball even hit the rim
we have about 100,000 troops n Afghanistan.
why so happy witz?
I'm learning to turn the things I hate into pleasure.
taking 3 steps forward and then 2 steps back... need to break out of that pattern :)
Finally had a chance to watch #BeavisandButthead. Impressed, they did a pretty good job bringing this classic back!
Thanks for being open thanksgiving day! Now my fam doesn't get to have a thankgiving together B. Menzer U working too
Values are like fingerprints. Nobody's are the same. But u leave em all over everything u do....Elvis Presley
Two faced phonies need not apply.
knew you'd love those guys :) and you're welcome!
Indeed he is. Not what I would be looking for, but damn nice work.
Deisre is carnal.
Awesome Sunday morning..church soon than Statbucks.
Taylor Swift and Ed Sheeran together that is just too perfect :)
there is all kinds of weird beer getting set out. If nothing else, come for that!
Does Benadryl ever make you 'short-fused', cranky and tired (of course) but have crazy nightmares while you sleep?
“: Craving a cannoli. Anyone able to provide this for me? #italiangirlproblems ” weird cause I'm craving one too!
Hope very one had a great st paddys day an enjoyed the shamrock run today! We're back to happy hour starting tomorrow!
RT : RT : Here's a thought: skip work and go find some awesome free art in Detroit!
I wish Eminem was my dad...
STATE OF THE STATE IS TONIGHT!
Ooowee bbq me sum fish & shrimp if u do da bbq O.O
wtf movies don't be making sense but hey that's my wife right there to <3
morning sunshine :) its only 2p!
The tornado may have destroyed our town. But I would say we're blessed considering there were no reports of death. God was def. with Us!
Ah the classic DM gone awry.
definitely. Inspiring stuff.
Grannyup2help,falls asleep leaning on him.Lift her onto the couch.Him"It's about over ain't it?Darlene?He'sgot a pretty good sack of hay."
Texas has once again rubbed itself all over my face. Eyes swollen, but not as bad as last week. Might be time for allergy testing. Joy.
you can always in demand Nurse Jackie after the game.
What secret handshake? ;)
Ahh, but your feet will be warm! ;)
yess!! Until we can reunite in person, we'll always have Twitter ;)
Why do these stupid college student liberals think they know it all. They really need to take some classes in Real World (not the mtv show)
heck yeah it does!
I am single..not alone ... there is a big difference <3
Yes, I do! Do you have one too?
We are rolling out new corporate video marketing packages and TV commercial opportunities. In a first ever revolutionary marketing campaign…
Good to see that david lee roth is working again suprisingly as the tiger trainer at the circus
Geez, it's barely 50 up here
Home = Ohio
I will! Can you reserve a seat for me?
: i say it doesnt matter what is on he rules !
Just signed up for TweetFunnel! It funnels tweets from multiple users, has editorial control, tweet assigning & more! www.tweetfunnel.com
If only this music wasn't older than me.
Out on the town w Chris and friends..@ a Taco stand now...
"You gotta sing, like you don't need the money. Love like you'll never get hurt." Thank you Kathy Mattea and
Hello Mz Lady
I just want to throw a rock at my fucking retarded sister !!
bye its so boring :)
Atlanta had to play a sound game and did not. But the loss also exposed the weaknesses of the O-line and the safeties.
Levementum is hiring! This dynamic technology company is looking for a staff accountant to help lay the foundation for future growth in th…
Fire Cupid? Tell me more
They are nice whatever they are.
No milk
in Syracuse in April. Don't miss that shit son
I love
He sounds like an angel and he has the most gorgeous eyes ever and I got to touch his hair
Just got a 45 cent concert ticket. Gonna go see 50 cent ft. Nickleback. JK I'd never see Nickleback.
easy killers!
why do you guys always do something to make me cry?! You guys are so amazing! I love you Sam and Kian!(: <3
Thanks for the #FF!
On the House floor right now, beginning the debate on rules for the budget res. Actual votes on Budget will come tomorrow.
Happy JD Drew becomes a reserve day (wishful thinking)
The average women would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think
Half priced frapps with the bro at starbucks <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
You havnt' asked me what I hate. I assure you I dont' hate people. I am commanded to love my neigbor as myself
Very cool! We love Espana!! Love your photos at the car show too :)
Hello sexy : Fauxcial - Social events that involve minimal or no real interactions with other people
How would you guys like to hear a song off of our recently completed album, "Dead but Dreaming"? Official release date coming soon!
She says lifes a game were meant to lose, but stick by me and i will stick by you
i know, but still
I'm a little sad that my machine learning class is over. It was truly great. :( Big thanks to team!!
Vegas bound til Thursday!!
I will KILL you. >_<
just discovered #foursquare & how you can get free food & great clothes sales just by 'checking in' at that place!
Final. Four.
It's just not fair damnit. -__-
Great website and thanks for the follow
I'm asking if in the future, in a world where SOPA was passed and Megaupload still had their domain, and SOPA was used to take it.
agreed. In fact this just came up on campus recently. We were reminded that we don't drink w undergrads.
Anyone use Tumblr? What makes it better than Wordpress?
yea the blonde is cute it looks good on you :)
Nice to see Miami and Denver both suckiung in the Suck for Luck game
Thanks for the comment. I'll visit your site too!
Woke up to breakfast happy cinco day myo y'all and thank you daddy he knows how to treat his Bby girl ! Lol
A hungry man eat anything U feed him, A rich man will buy anything U sell him, & a broke man believe anything U tell him
Rays' Evan Longoria has a partially torn hamstring
Openflow! hehe ;-) “: is looking to hire #Linux kernel hackers for high performance networking work. Interested? Ping me.”
I just wamma play where is Waldo :( merica sad puppy sad sad meows kitty kitty fav poka poker face!
that's cool! I love DC, I'm pretty excited
Shout out to our pals at We dig their tasty beverages! Anybody have a fave flavor? Stop by 739 SW 10th this week to try one!
To quote my friend Shy, " Spike Lee looks like a black version of the guy in Honey I Shrunk The Kids." Lol!!!
Hey man, you planning on doing an E3 podcast? If so I'm saying I'm interested right now lol.
It's not what you say Christina its how you say it, Put Christ back in your name and maybe u will find joy again!
No amount if rain can falter a Seattle umbrella ...
What's this about Beiber getting rapped by a bunch of black dudes last night.
Hey #students! Check out - awesome resource for
y those peopel giving giveaway after xmas
sorry dude. We'll see what we can do. New stuff is rad.
stay tuned!
You're a DOOKIE?! Oh no oh no... and I liked you so much. What lead you to the dark side Ginny?!...
hope she doesn`t violate his probation :(
aw, that's so sweet hb I get you a cute card with a buddie on it n a candy cane? :}
fuck America's gadgets there so fuck up i just bought me a japanese phone that has everything a droid can do and a iphone4 can do!!!!
hi Austin. Are you online? c:
RT : Do not miss your last chance to see A Night of Deaf Theater! Tonight, 7pm in the blackbox. Free! Get there early for seats.
Man, do we love this. Nothing quite like having your trucking company in order. Welcome back hguys. Been sorely missed. American West....
I can't wait to start reading Insurgent!
I had some of those! They would be even better with cilantro :)
Wayne is
RT Welcome to twitter ! Managed by
You and all ya girls in the club one time. All so covinced that ya followin ya heart cuz ya mind dnt control what it does sometime
Just added a new song called One More Time. After I get some bass and drums, other than mine, mixed into it, I think it will be a great song
My prof introduced you to us in class tonight. Looking forward to learning from you.
maybe head to Boston?!?
Into the eye of the storm...figuratively and literally!
Need to take control of your health? Start with small changes and create better health outcomes for yourself today!...
Really looking forward to your thoughts on Madonna's halftime show. Will we cringe or slow clap?
Oh this Boston rain
when y'all coming down here?
40 Food Trucks battling for 5 awards, live music, silent auction, game truck and much more. Oviedo Mall Noon to 6pm.
Sippin Rum w/ Coco Cola
Oh you know they're going to do work. It's on.
long, and not in a good way. Lol! But it's a new week, so I'm ready
I just bought it on sale at Target so excited to read it!
i need to talk to you if i dnt i will start crying so please please retweet n follow me so we can talk
My cheek is bruising from the inside out, didn't even know that was possible
nope doesnt count
FCP X | Creative Rebellion via
You're not the only one who's had that happen to them. had some good stories recently about this issue.
Tomorrow: Spec. script. and then beef and beer with
haha probably actually
check the avatar
#ChrisBrownWasOurTeacher wait a minute wait a minute chris brown was our teacher he still is my teacher
Hi Darlene - thanks for the follow. Enjoy New Orleans
Pinterest is loads of fun! Just signed up tonight and having a great time playing and exploring!
Add me on drawsomething! I'm JujuChav!!
Tomorrow I really should do something productive.
So are you all ready to know who is the winner of the 5 FREE 14 inches pizzas??? We'll announce it soon! Stay tuned!
Yes REALLY! We are equally excited!
RT Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart and that loves you as much as you love them.
Any hummingbird showing up today to the feeder better have excellent horizontal & vertical stabilizers.
hey can you dm me an email address? I have something I want to send to you!
I think Len is a dick head.
Me too guys! time for a change!!
“: Oh, you're totally over him. I can tell from your statuses.”
I also love in so high on a marlon
Also, look up the history of Stand Your Ground Law and who helped to continue to fund the law.
yeah and the city museum! You should def go there I heard its amazing!
We call it Reverb Gulch
Who wants 2 read the next part of ma mahomie story ???? RT ! x michelle <U+2665>
Food for thought: Congress mulls better nutrition for students: International Business TimesGeorge Miller, D-CA, C
Lots of Big Game things happening
Inhale,exhale go to jail?I'll post the bail
if you are a rapper and you are willing to do a collab let me know!
Headed to ABATE Toy Run planning meeting can't believe we are planning for Dec 4th already!
please follow she is you biggest fan!67
IM GOIN #COAST2COAST N THE NEXT FEW WEEKS..S/O
Oh Yeah... I'm only 19,369,446 followers behind !!!
Which workshop are you in? I was in between A and C. Decided on C.
I'd say it's pretty objective, just not well understood by the world at large and also worth contesting for political reasons.
"That's lie! Never do that!" GOP friend told about new KS/NH (doc lie 2 women) laws. Gave evidence - "OK. Well have 2 do something!" SIGH!
Such sad news. Really can't believe it. RT Good bye, MCA. You changed all our lives.
new batch coming today sir
I have seen people who Go there and tell their business on FB. I don't want to be that guy.
This thunderstorm is just perfect.
Which healthcare apps are you using to monitor your fitness? We want to know!
i think it was just last week you were telling your mom about our amazing "always" .... take that
Yay! I got one! Cooking it today! The butcher said it would be the best chicken I've ever had ;)!
lol, boo i dont give two hot ass Fridays about your feelings
You might be Alaskan if you use your coffee grounds to absorb sunlight and melt the snow on your driveway...
LOVE the article about female anglers! It was a great read!
If Your Awake And Seeing Things Your Madd. But If Your Asleep And Seeing Things Your Dreaming.. So The question Is Are You Awake Or Asleep?
happy 16th! Love you!!
Hey, congrats on the new gig!
CHECK OUT L.I.L. FLOYD..that new shit Get Like Me is the hardest song I heard this summer...www.reverbnation.com/punation
Boy you know you got me gone. <3
Burning bridges with failure.
Happy 4th of July! Be safe, happy and independent!
my mother is an anger drunk. damn......
#Graceland documentary on Netflix. How many times can I fall in love with this record, ? -j
shut up you animal shagger and go back to burry port
And I thought I was the only one who had the 1st Harry Potter hanging around un-opened. Good luck with it.
Do you agree that playing piano really enhance your ego?
So damn happy to be away from all the bullshit
also according to stupid MLB rules.
Maybe it's a temp. thing! :-}
happy birthday baby love you so much :*
I agree with lol
today felt like a sunday because today fuckimg sucked
Looks like took us over 900 mark.. We fully expect to be over 1000 by spring break
Happy Birthday Rox. love and hugs to you my friend.
I hate this class. I hate this class. I hate this class. I hate this class.
thanks for the shout out man, what have you been working on?
Same experience on keeping encrypted data for archives. I just extravagantly doced decrypt process and keyholders.
Use of nuclear weapons authorized. Disable launch safeties of tubes 4 through 10.
Have you gotten your workout done yet? I'm off for a bit of mine shortly! Nia at 9 am!
My fave song #birthdaycake on .....i.want that cake cake cake cake cake...
": It's never too early #BEATLA"
Living a cliche dream today. TGIF.
Hang in there
Failure is not about insecurity. It’s about lack of execution. – Jeffrey Gitomer
My name is AbracaDaniel. ;)
"You do not lead by hitting people over the head -- that's assault, not leadership." -- Dwight D. Eisenhower
Happy May Day!
is a slut. He has been griping at me for 2 years for losing his book that he JUST FOUND at his house =/
those kids won't know what hit 'em (TAing grad lvl variation! squee)
and she's Polish like me! (formerly Adamski) :)
phone died..
thanks chico!! And I will!!
All these WWF dudes on 790 this week is pretty dope. Feel like getting my brother in a Boston Crab for old times sake.
Well, the man standing in front of me on the train doesnt realize his fly is down
Your next pic should be Han Solo. Close enough of a resemblance.
after spending $30 on stuff at Target, walk out, see a cloud & remember the original thing I had gone for was an umbrella
It seems industry related press has rated Simon Dylan Ian Xander Thunder aC+List Celeb.2make B/A List I have2accept music/film/tv offers!Lol
The fastest way to succeed is to look as if you're playing by somebody else's rules, while quietly playing by your own
When's your next fight?
u flaw
spirit week sux we need
what up playaaaaa
Hey made #Runzas in KY for New Years! Happy 2012!! Go Skers.
hurrah! so glad to hear it.
had fresh #brutwurst from #mariano's fresh market and side of cauliflower with Big Fire Pinot Gris. Best place to buy brutwurst in
That previous tweet was brought to you by
i just dm'd him to follow you. thanks!
yeah they do.. it sucks
Bio, you're really fucking my birthday over...
Nice to see the yesterday's strong pace wasn't a fluke. 6 miles on a 7:47.30 pace. And a gorgeous sunrise to boot!
In politics, as in most parts of life, timing is everything. Jump on a political campaign too early, risk a broken heart... and unemployment
What do Tuesdays mean at La Casita? Tuesdays mean that Tacos and Burritos are buy one, get one 1/2 off from 4pm-close!
Those two runs should be added to Ron Roenicke's ERA.
Eyes fucking burn, son!!
Yes, please! I would love to meet him. I've been stalking your Facebook page for more pics.
TGIF!!!! Tonight we're at the Mule Barn in Justin! Come hang out! Then we're headed to Stephenville for Labor Day at The Lake tomorrow!!
Hope this doesn't seem stupid, but I want to have my own Revolution. I really reAlly need to lose weight. Just hope I get support for it...
uh, no. He is one of those players who has gotten Hanstravel like calls in college...that cannot persist forever.
2 times more leads after five months of using our inbound marketing software
MarshaFutral756, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I know it was a big game but come on people u don't have to run over our players
Going for Nexium commercial tomorrow in NYC.
Please follow our partners They will return the love
Nobody in class today
Spiteri: "subject headings do not reflect cultural warrant" -- we tend to make cataloging records for ourselves
sweet post on ! thanks for getting the word out!
Awkwardly timed as it is, I feel a craving coming on for an American cheese and grape jelly sandwich.
I put two boxes in the freezer and had successfully ignored them until yesterday. Like a rainy day cookie fund.
Hit up our facebook to check out our single "Carnival" and like us to keep track of the progress on the new EP! Also
"Whenever I hear, 'It can't be done,' I know I'm close to success." - Mary Kay Ash
or Sanity
I don't trust anyone who doesn't like dogs.
thanks for the vocabsushi shout out. Let me know if you have any feedback! Good or bad. I'm all ears.
Overheard at the Halloween shop --- The Borg are iZombies.
i know it sounds sketchy, but check craigslist! I find hiring events there and stuff (:
*chuckle* I'll take that under advisement.
I really believe if your gonna return something you should have the receipt
LAKERS DID WORK SON
A bug bite that looks like a pimple: insult to injury.
Haha im confusing the crap outta my friend because im talking to her in spanish. She has no idea what im saying XD
I'm listening to Pat Paulsen for Prez. CD just arrived from OldPlusNu in Woodland Hills, CA. Pat's campaign slogan: "We cannot stand Pat!"
The small ones start at $12.95!
Girl, find your own lesbian! has been mine since 1994 lol
I despise the concept of "wit".
Tmrw nite is gonna be insane for 's birthday party! WOW!
Just returned from #SMISS 2011 Conference in Las Vegas. Updated on the latest minimally invasive spine surgery research.
You cheater!!!!!! I do love you :c
best text bomb of the day so far: skipper's seven dwarves or noreen's avalanche snow...can't decide
Happy Twitter Birthday to us! RT : Today 2 years on Twitter: and
Of course he does. Hes a Narcissist. LoL
I know, I am so lame about that. I always forget about updating it.. :/ Maybe I should link my twitter account to it?
CLEVERNESS LEVEL = MAXIMUM
It is made of sugar, cocoa butter, dry milk solids and vanilla essence
At #TechBUZZ, great presentation from Sean Murphy (MapFreeduce)
cool! Ive got a nice long trip this year so let's def try to connect. Things calm down for me Mon/Tues
love your profile pic!
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card playoff lingering teams to get new piece that can defend
Whos on Google+, Pinterest, StumbleUpon, Digg, Reddit, Orkut? What am I missing? Do I need to go beyond Facebook & impending timeline doom?
I was just offered the chance to adopt a kitten, out of the blue. Clearly, the universe is punishing me for some reason.
The #Kentucky Wildcats are the best semi-pro basketball team in the nation.
I've been having awesome workouts lately...
#GreysonMMag What's your favorite drink? ;)
thanks G!
If you want to see data migration and website consolidation at their finest - check out and howto.gov
Reading about teleportation and sh%t. This is straight outta sci-fi. Evidently some Chinese scientists have teleported an obj. 96 k
Google Maps Street View car just drove up my street. Kind of a funny looking car!
Based on population estimates the # of sexually abused men equals the entire populations of LA, NYC, CHI, HOU, and Philly.
Leo DiCaprio in J. Edgar: Weirder than ever & now suitably fit for a role as a plantation owner in Django.
Pretty amazing "Crazy Hacking" session with Learning about shutting down govt at
CANNOT WAIT
followed :) and sorry it took so long, I couldn't see my mentions.
lol naw you slow yu juss den understand what I was saying im smart
#FF Bill the thrill.
Excited 2 read 's new book: Let's Pretend This Never Happened. I might have to shower today and go to B&N. Only for JLaw.
Yep, glueing the arm together without the weapon in it. Dreadnought 1, djinn 0. Now I have to cut and pin the spear.
Bedtime. Out of pills. Scared I won't sleep. Think good thoughts for me.
Watch "The idiot cycle" documentary
Eating outside
X Factor is a made up show. not sure how these producers get to air their shows. It is truly about who you know in Hollywood. Xfactor suck!
come on ... that was some great sustainability humor. ;)
- i meant follow. And i love you for the star you are, not like coco- you two are great! ok- gotta watch the end
Surprise! We are back on Twitter! YAY! Who's ready for some green cleaning tips of the day?
Bottled Beers- Heineken, Corona, Sam Adam's Light, Michelob Ultra, Miller Lite, Budweiser, Coors Light, and O'Doul's Am
Good luck!!
RT : Outside Paramount Studios, where is giving the speech, city workers are protesting proposed layoffs.
meeting with these guys today - www.INVartistnetwork.com
:O Taylor!! lol I'm on it! lol cheers
fuxk it nigga we got money! Lol we'll do all that tuesday morning
love u to 3}
When me and know we can get through shit >>>
"My life is shaped by the urgent need to wander and observe, and my camera is my passport." - Steve McCurry
is live tweeting his own insomnia. If only 1998 AOL chat rooms could see us now! #we'vecomealongwaybaby
Aw Good game Knicks - good game. We almost had it!
RT That awkward moment when you put a new profile picture on Facebook, and someone "like" your old one.
Girl, I have been having the same issue! I thought I would make loads in time for Christmas presents, but not so much!
happy easter to all!
Need a resume guru. And more work! :)
"A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for."– Grace Murray Hopper
Your very selfish
I know, right! Thanks!
Most folks are using cloud applications and aren't aware of it.
Need logo design, marketing consulting, social media assistance, e-blasts, newsletters, brochures, etc - reach out to
RT I get the feeling a lot of corporate board meetings these days consist of confused old men yelling the word "Apps!"
Getting ready for our set at Genghis Cohen in LA. William Shatner's eating here, think he'll watch our set?
Today is the Mariners home opener! It is going to be awesome.
Follow mister boyer
Well good! I hope we never have to see Joan's awful husband again.
In love w a girl from kentucky
yes, I saw them in concert at some dive bar in Tucson a long time ago. --It's like I'm in a way back machine.
traveling can be exhausting i can't wait to get home
Instagram bought by Facebook for 1 Billion...
tbh, I don't even like eminem. Probably the only guy that doesn't..
Tigers jersey freshly cleaned for Saturday in New York.
OH: Do we want buns or cupcakes in the St. Cloud market?
That's reassuring. As you know, the design community loves debate and loves to look over others' markup.
Hey fans, be sure to check out talking about us on today!
You are far too familiar with the problems associated with committees, aren't you Lisa?
Yes, near the end of the film, Jiro talks about reducing sushi consumption and suggests eating higher quality but less often.
These mfs in class are laughing about stuff that happened during Hurricane Katrina. How about I throw you in that shit and see if you laugh.
Doing commercial CD drop offs and later seeing The Artist screening
RT : Even strength training requires carbohydrate. Skimp on carbs and the intensity of your training will decline.
That Hyundai car looks sick
Forward me the link to that!
Happily off to the MN Science Museum after fab lunch w/ 2 new friends from OH and SF.
Its funny how people come into ur life & their life is like a tsunami & u try to be the strength to their levi & they push u away like fema
Follow for comments on 2nd / 3rd Rnd of the NFL Draft
RT : #Sagittarius is adventurous, gets easily bored by routine.
Pretty sure rich people are supposed to wear nice clothes. They don't make $1000 shirts for poor people.
Damage suffered makes you knowing, but seldom rich.
Miss Wisconsin FTW!!!
. Thanks for the mention and thanks for promoting the good work of in growing the tree canopy.
gross. At least it's easier for guys... For girls finding a guy with nice feet is like winning the lottery lol
OH MY GAWD, yeah I know. So annoying. Heh now that I have a radio show again I should listen to him for What Not To Do tips.
if you want a entrance song written for your opening walk in/ walk out...let me know
think about it everyday what if that what if this had a good condo with
I'm still up bro
Damn, that sounds familiar. Now I have to get tested.
Staying in bed SICKK =/
Palfrey: Success of project marked by the "hidden code" of dpla: getting users to content through other channels/sites
Lost Dog Charlie - $400 Reward Charlie the Beagle is lost in Hesperia, CA.
is that little guy in the pic you ya cutie!!
If given the gift of a paperless classroom, which device would you choose: iPad, Android tablet, Chromebook, laptop, etc.?
I wish complete torture upon her if she hurts Stefan #GoingEvilAlaric on her ass
Don't worry, that show's simply awesome!
Our educational awareness efforts play an important role in addressing the source of critical challenges posed by dependency on fossil fuel
House party in Richmond
Who's ready to learn some local social strategies? Me!
Woke up with the frosted flakes jingle in my head. I don't know what that says about how today will go, but I don't think it's great.
Now looking for entrepreneurs to open new campuses. You can make thousands a month in residuals. Email us at .
OMFG!!! Just saw the trailer for PrettyLittleLiars!! Ah june5th<U+2764>& Jane by design too!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
- I'm hoping her view of morality changes now that she is a vampire. "It's okay to love them both, I did."
uh hell. Haha
i eat carrot with Nutella ! yummies .
Choco pecan for sure
Gahd. You practically stabbed my eyes rapidly and then dentonated them because your performance was WAY to amazing.
I wonder how the ANN thread for the Fate/Zero Blu-ray Box II import from Aniplex will turn out. I'm guessing next week is when it'll happen.
Good point. I think they have no choice but to downgrade to save face. Bill Gross thinks downgrade will still happen.
History was never made by thinking, I'll do it tomorrow.
YAY!!! Thank you!!! So pleased (and relieved) to hear that! :D
RT : Just met some of the guys behind You're going to start hearing a lot more about this #healthcare IT
Washington Nationals are now at 5 wins in a row and counting after beating Marlins 12 - 8 today
I'm going to be a Mommy, I'm soo happy!!! That explains the weird pains in my Tummy lol
Did Noah have woodpeckers on the ark? If he did, where did he keep them?
The most beautiful thing is to see the person you love smiling and even more beautiful is, knowing that you are the reason behind it
ahaha i was asleep lol well thanks and i hope u have a good week 2
Refs need to bring their A game... Period
That has been conformed by sheriff's and federal law enforcement sources
sucks a lot of DECA.
[Eph4:4-6]There is one Body/Church & one Spirit & one Lord & one faith & one baptism & one FatherGod of all who is above-thru & in all of us
If u would like updates 2 the games tomorrow night, RT this tweet. I will update if people are interested.
Hurray! Two talks accepted at #thatConference! "Erlang, CQRS and .NET (Architectural S'mores)" and "Erlang Goes to Camp!"
Wedge's lineups are a constant source of frustration. RT : And Seager (who sat on the bench for 3 days, ahem, ahem) has 2 hits.
Saw it on Twitter.
We_Bore_It thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
we need to hang out some time!! :)
We should grab coffee and discuss in more than 140 chars sometime. Oy vey... How's your January?
Supporting Salsa in your community means investing your time, money, and energy into it. The key word is money. What's it worth to you?
The kitty's name is Henri too!
but should't it be called consistently??!!??
Bored spam bots, I guess!
haha yeah a stud pitcher...and then they took out the pitching machine........
#firstworldproblems RT : Why is the WiFi in this McDonald's not working?!?
The founders of HubSpot® met at MIT in 2004
Maximum Overdrive
ha! Oh man. I have a feeling if I wrote 'vibrators' on my window here in Venice, lots of strangers would show up. Not good ones
Just got offered "the newest edition of the bible"... So who does that mean updated it? How can the oldest book be updated? <U+E41D><U+E148>
They're building a #PaneraBread right next to my place. Woo-hoo!!
Love my kiddos, but only 5 more days of school sounds pretty awesome right now.
its my birthday today :) i would be so happy if i got a happy birthday from you! <U+2764>
Want plush pillowy lips? Swipe on an inner -core lipstick. Choose a lip liner that matches lips. Then apply inner core lipstick.
I'm kinda done getting fucked up all the time.
I think you've got the right idea. But hey now that you're going to be in mke more, we'll actually have to hang out :)
Don't bother trying to wake me. I'm so weak, you'll just end up breaking me.
DAMN GET AT ME...SOUNDS LIKE YOU NEED TO BE TOUCHED...
#MTBlowout tonight for at
SECRET SHOW TONIGHT. Send us a message for the info! :D
Coffee and words.
Hope everyone had a great Independence Day!
According to my sleep cycle app I never reached deep/REM sleep. I'm screwed!
Currently rocking out to Jimi Hendrix "Fire". Why don't you let the archers stand next to your fire?
Me to limping puppy: I feel you, bro.
I got a hug from all my brothers friends. x) lmfao. i feel special. my brother has hot friends...m. :3 hahahaha.
Big Thank You to for Saturday Night! My Birthday was a blast!
Pacific islands on equator may become refuge for corals in a warming climate due to changes in ocean currents Scientists have predicted t
“Told w/ an appealingly jaunty prose style (imagine Ben Mezrich but w/ even more enthusiasm)" -Booklist loves 's Groupon book
Researching an essay about the impact of e-resources on serials collection management . . . very interesting.
On MothersDay call when ManCity scored... "No!!" Mom(after I explain):"Well, how much time is left?" "6th min of injury time" "Oh dear"
I hate being out of work
lol charging to watch games even though you pay your cable company and extra fee already for their channel...SILLY
Test to see if this goes to my Facebook Page...
turn on! : ) but I'm just a freak!
Good morning twitterfriends! What's your workout for the day? I'm headed to 24 Hour fitness to do my thing. You?
Just heard the song manic Monday, artists don't have Monday's or weekends, we work everyday.
I just heard this word in my spirit about 30 minutes ago! Yes!!!
When you finally discover your true priorities, life becomes so much easier
You're very welcome!
need those jackets
so like if it does then there will be no more twitter, fb ect. but still like shopping sites?
uhmm justin bieber mistletoe
Good morning! Welcome to your "gateway to the weekend" wink, wink. Wake up with us on the !
'Parachutes' is such a great album.
"Again and again come reminders that few things flatter a work of recent art more than its being installed in the ... [cont.]
I know. You just set up a one-liner about being dirty, I couldn't pass it up. I know you're clean :-)
Trying not to freak that niall's friend just favorited a tweet on my personal. Yeah.
Canon 600D, 7D, Sony nex5 or nex7? I need a new camera and have to decide asap. Anything new on the market I should be aware of?
not you and not exactly every but im sure still with the right talk every girl... but it aint that serious
happy birthday!(:
Mon-Fri from 10:30a-1p our office is open for referrals to other agencies like Thx for helping
if I wasn't in school I would have been out searching
Terry, what a GREAT idea: have students create dots in the persona of a book character!
Yep! Moved here... Two weeks ago, I think? Time flew by.
I didnt know David Grohl was refereeing the
wat it do ppl im back
plus i don't know what to say all the time
Love going over my mom's for birthday celebrations. She threw down on the food
It means, "I'm all for it!"
Love music but won't listen to newest collaboration. If this song dies a quick death, it's due to the other artist
three words...awesome, awesome, awesome!
#FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW #FOLLOW OR
Yes it is. Hugs to survivors like you! RT Cancer is one helluva fight for life..
Went golfing with today. No major injuries for anyone involved, so that's a plus. And she didn't throw any clubs!
The HBO documentary shows how heart disease starts creating lesions in childhood!
I'm fine! Just a little disappointed <U+2639>
STALKERS meeting tonight at that secret spot! You know the one!!
Karachi University teachers protest against Rehman Malik's honorary doctorate ...
I think we're watching Squid Porn in my Bio lecture right now
Just hope it never ends, whatever "it" is.
I love my job so much!!!
presented at #paconferenceforwomen on "creating my brand, mastering my story" with
Excited for 's Love Trapezoid, tonight! Matt Schatz is the man.
Thanks for doing a fantastic job moderating the #WeightoftheNation San Diego panel discussion! Good stuff last night!
Mundane tweet of the day: I can't sleep.
Yeah, just throw some Tide on it. Who said NASCAR was a redneck sport? #LiveActionAdvertising right there y'all
Happy weekend tweeps! Whats your pleasure? Should be a beautiful one here in
hey bro! Dm me
- DayQuil actively tries to keep you awake - don't take DayQuil at night
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens. - Carl Jung
here we go again ....damn what's wrong with u lol
Damn lol :-P
Creativity is a drug I cannot live without. — CECIL B. DEMILLE
Independent info pros = smaht peeps!Loving this conference
This cow could go for some bull right about now - RT Go find a cow. cause i'm sick of your bull.
I can dig it. Although often, even I don't get my own jokes.
These people r crazy
your real dumb for staying with him!
Give the independent Musician a chance he/she dont have million dollar record labels behind them but the Musicians are just as talented.
Being a whore isn't even an Option for some girls. It's a Priority. Like they Know they were Born to be a whore!! -
It was the other way around! Brian is just being self-deprecating.
thats how I feel. Can't believe God loves me so much. He loves everyone more then we deserve
Do these yahoo kids really think the Broncos & Peyton Manning r going to be swayed by a tweet.
whoa wtf. That's awesome!
I am looking for an entry level position as a programmer, can someone help me out please. Thanks.
Guess who's coming to See your show tonight ?
Justin Bieber's boyfriend sounds like the lonely island's big bong brothers. As in
If you would like to retail Gun Safes please call us at 877.311.1776
"If you don't stay positive about things, you'll never get to where you want to be in life" <3
In order to succeed we must first believe we can. ~Michael Korda
u just won bxb RT : Learning lots at #bxb11 in Chicago. Also happened to meet Mike Ditka at his restaurant. Very gracious man.
Its so warm and beautiful outside
and it puts you in a bad mood..ugh
Thinking abt not modeling anymore : / ive been doing it for so long... it's just not the same
Thanks for the info! A team member will be reaching out to you shortly!
I will be releasing some new paintings in the next few days ... gonna be pretty cool so stay tuned.
": waking up at 530 for school<<<< #summerwherethehellareyou"
When did the PATH get new trains?
Game plan is in, watch some film with the kids tomorrow and its time to execute!
you really should give him the ORIGINAL VHS tapes... :)
Golden Brown!(:
I LOVE YOUU : ) Tweet Me , Maybe !?
ALLNIGHTER IN THE LAB WITH AND
I'll come visit sometime this week I miss u Foo's
On my way to work
Okay, now it should be fixed. Thank you for letting us know of the issue.
Great to hear that all of our East Coast location are open for business and had no damage.
: How bout this. As soon as I have my license and car we're all going on a road trip. i mean it.
Preliminary 2011 count: I've shot 140+ bands this year. (some are repeats) Madness.
Act like a lady THINK like a boss (;
Thanks for the like, Roberto Borrero Jr.!!
Owwweee goin to soak in the tub!
Feel better!
11 yrs since my last #bostonmarathon. Now I live vicariously - good luck runners!
Wow Collin all around is at the top of his game
In all honesty, you're NOT hot enough to be an asshole.
Santorum killed it earlier -- he's way ahead on points.
aw whyy ? it was good lol laughing like always :P
That was one of the more interesting dreams I've had.
Well work is going great. NOT. i can't wait to get home with babe :)
I dislike the dentist!! I'm always on cp<f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+0099>
Potentially crappy work lunch got canceled, and I am going to tonight - I see an awesome dinner in my future!
That sounds pretty awesome.
these nigg at the barber shop sat up and talked about what chick they DIDN'T GET in HIGH SCHOOL........for 2 HOURS -__- that's why I'm ___
thanks for the follow back! #Cloud hosting
Grocery shopping with a certain someone makes for a lovely evening. :)
At the OMNI enjoying a Manhattan and getting caught up on blogs after a good day at NLADA.
great match today! Way to hang tough in that first breaker. That was fed cup tough
Seriously! I am way jealous of their skills.
aye daya look at all those #Zistas & #ZswagBros in the #ZswagFamily! so proud to be here!!<33
No one will give you what you want. So why do we waste time sitting around waiting for some one to give it to us?
Thanks RT : u did an outstanding job as Speaker Looking 4 ur return! stp the Repub. abuse of the middle class & poor
great job tonite.
Legal and Healthcare Fair beginning at 3pm at Goulds Park! Come out and receive FREE assistance on a number of legal and healthcare topics!
Yes, we have managed to create one season---> Winsprisumall.
Your parents owe you nothing- They were here first-download free- InSpotter app
Remember framework authors want u to drink their coolaid
Streaming the #Canucks game here in Baltimore, but feed is about 1 min behind real time. Hard not to peek at
Sounds like you need ;)
Fast Facts: Dealing with autism requires a lot of patience and persistence. Always seek the best intervention for your child and do not...
Celebrating my first 100 followers today!
I got him. Kids in this town are weird, the other one was trying to take my camera but he ended up pressing the shutter button
The nightclub plays of Diane Paulus: Donkey Show and Karaoke Show.
I can't believe tomorrow you are going to be eighteen and I remember your 15th birthday.
Dad is that you in the pic? hm ahhahha I mean the body... !?
well it's Saturday night here in Cali so I'm just chillin' with my man. Wine, music and after a shower, friends cummin' over.
WTF!!!!! Well there you go all you Tebow fans u got what you wanted now u have to face New England on Saurday! U GOT LUCKY!!!! D:<
aha, okay(:
#zap would follow me
when directionators send someone a picture of the boys just cause they thought they were doesn't mean they deserve their picture ! :3
can I run behind you? Lol
even when we're not friends, I still always care about you <U+2764> the jokes we make are hilarious & you can still sit and be serious
Real busy night at Mink last night. Fun though! And then Friday at Mink was another 323 fashion show with a hairstylist live on stage
i hate when my phone is off!
The #michichip and ensuing conversation made my day. Thanks for the laughs!
We love Lea Michele's tweet. saying she might leave NYC if horse-drawn carriages stay. (wish she weren't wearing Uggs and Louis Vuitton.)
Please give Andre Miller a going away party! You will have a sell-out. I'll help out!
I did not, for fear of calling down the wrath of the QR gods.
Senior Vs. Junior basketball game! Seniors better pull this out easily
anyone can drive. It's not a big deal
Up north enjoying the weekend on the water. Ready for a beer in front of the campfire.
Stay tuned! Our Fall 2010 Short Course Schedule will be up on our website no later than this Thursday (9/2): www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
I have a problem. I deleted the app. Want to get it back with all my pictures back. Can it be done?? Please help
I'm glad Shaw scored, but he got super lucky on that bounce
Damn! I like how you dance! keep going like this <3
I wouldnt be able to get there till like 9pm tomorrow i got work
Tuesdays... remember No Ordinary Family? that show took a piece of my life #IMissThatShow #NOF :(
yeah i do
sending good thoughts from San Diego
okay sweetheart
Reading Tip: If you buy a book solely on the cover design, you do know the illustrator and writer usually don’t know each other, right?
Happy birthday vinny
Well, if ya gonna go "blue", how do ya feel about Dorothy Moore - "Misty Blue"? Have a great day , my friend!
what the hell is dignity? I've never heard of such an obscene thing on the interwebz
A guy can meet 10 girls , fuck 9 , talk to 8, laugh with 7 , run behind 6 , like 5, go out with 4, get used to 3 , kiss 2, but only love 1
Anyone know if it's possible to get a link to (Planned Parenthood) original briefs (e.g., Roe) NOT through Westlaw/Lexis?
Total Graphic Solutions Installs Second Inca Onset S20 from Fujifilm - WebWire (press release)
POUNDING BEER IS AWESOME
DAMN GIRL relax yo forehead, more to smiling than just showing teeth lol
i got a "B" in my journalism class :)
Awesome, Thanks for coming out to see us!
Best constituent ?ion of the day! "Councilman Scott what CD is in your car stereo right now.""Phonte-Charity Starts at Home Ma'am."Priceless
#Taurus has all the qualities a lover desires, including sensuality, loyalty and faithfulness.
hey, haven't talked to you in forever.
oh close by! Well yea I'm down :)
almost forgot, happy april fools day everyone :)
It's wireless day in the tech world 8.02.11
City of Angels Salseras performing at Monsoon tonight, 1212 3rd St, Santa Monica!
Nice. How? Do you have badges or specials?
Man I hate to miss the beginning of the game, but I needed a nap. Today was too long.
you're horrible
yay work tomorrow; I get to dress cute <U+263A>
thank you
No clue who that is. Too lazy to Google.
MIXTAPE IS DONE BABI was planning on uploading it today but the site messing up :/
I Just Sent A Request
#PeopleNeedToStop saving for a rainy day, hello we're in a flood here! And its to late to by gold too!
"All plans are wrong. Some are useful." Good quote I heard in a meeting today.
I wasn't ignoring you. I had to walk my turtle...
Sandra, it isn't loyal and devoted
"#StudyAbroad changed my life!"
I went to a friend's wedding 3 weeks ago. While the priest celebrated mass a homeless man started screaming. I stood up and went to the back
Great morning or #harmonica! Workin on the blues riff for "I'm a Man".
hey guyz i think you are pretty cool
as long as it's not what my entourage has been calling me - spicy gary
RT : Any1 know of any bombtastic Seattle or WA based companies that are sustainable+using socialmedia well? Other than SBUX?
Chips Are Down for Harrah's General Counsel Timothy Donovan (via law.com)
Clooney/Obama dinner or @ RadioLab live? No issue, I'll pick Jad and Robert every time.
Back at it after a 4-day weekend and bringing muggy weather back as well. No rain expected but steamy in the east county; highs in the 90s.
The economy a product of a "perfect storm":deregulation unpaid 4 tax cuts/Medicare D,unfunded wars (1/2)
What did they say? Can't touich it.
RT : Anyone see that creepy invasion of the Body Snatchers commercial from Jefferson Smith looking like the Obambies......
RT : What is the age cutoff for which someone can use the term "whatevs"? > Too funny. Younger than 35.
Cara, yet again she tweeted alliterative suggestion
"Don't focus on the species, think about the recipe" ~ Donna Brazile's mother
Vest fiend
Why would they make an AP English test so early in the morning? Its like the most boring class in the world.
Happy Monday everyone! Watch for slick spots on the roads! and watch the !
oh my goodness i haven't been on here in forever but we used to talkk all the time!
Welcome to the funhouse, Everyone, follow along. ( )
Mi gato duerme todo el día / My cat sleeps all day long
Iwish everything will be alright....
it's in my queue. Haven't watched it, but I read the description. So, not really.
Everything isn't always about sex its bout getting know a person n growing to love each other
I love roasted sprouts. They are better with lemon juice and parm right out of the oven.
It sucks when you’re willing to do everything to be with someone and they do everything to be with somebody else.
We don't need more things, we need things that work better. Beautiful experiences
Nice! Drink one for me.
However it happened, I'm glad it did. Amazing and funny too. Have a great day up there.
Oh well, oh well, I am hungry as hell
RT : Men are like steel. When they lose their temper, they lose their worth. ~Chuck Norris
if an author builds their own website, is she "self- published"?
Ha! That's been a while. Not to worry. Glad you found it - and me on Twitter! Hope all is well.
How can we help you here at ? We've got digital marketing and interactive media for days!
Saw you guys at #12ntc - any recommended reading on data sanitization?
Life is like good COCK, Hard and a bit of a rough ride but.....isn't that the best kind?
I'm annoyingly cathartic its good for my heartache
Senior Year :)
Good news on #Fringe renewal, should be a great final season.
REALLY craving tonight
Eagle P, Tez and a few more in the studio tonight. Hit me up if you wanna get in.
Goodnight, guys and dolls. Luv ya
"One day, you will all work for me." #gleequote #sotrue #mylife. Haha
I love you like fat lady loves cake
Come on summer ur so close almost there LOL :D I am so ready!!!!!!!!
Fuck this!!! Im On Night Shift right now.. Look 4 an Job 2 get into...
now we just wait for the official package so he can separate. It came back sooner than we thought. But it its all working out.
lol I suppose that is why I got the position. Dunno about multitasking but I am now a Master of Arts!!!
This sneezing must stop !!
RT : More Pinterest Best Practices: Highlight active pinners in monthly newsletters:
get out of my dreams, get into my car.
Thanks for the RT
I'm watching #MarchMadness / Speaking of, how 'bout Jonathan Lucroy and Mat Gamel this spring?
Just saw 4 red Camry's in Maysville must be a popular color!
about to go see #21JumpStreet with my momma<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
meeting with a friend today to discuss some good stuff. I call her Lani Legal.. talking about clothing and 501(c)3 and stuff like that.
: and after you've read that link, we can have a lively #FunfestFriday chat about GMN's w/their thangs & their thesaurses.
you can watch E3 right now LIVE on G4TV.....its on right now
wow u all did amazing it was awesome
Dishes, laundry, groceries, bills, #Qcut all done. Ready for the weekend
how was the powder at brek
Looking forward to getting back to work tonight at Rustbelt. Hoping to finish these tracks.
hehe I'm following you (; p.s I'm at big fan :D
Everything from the dryer is going straight into my suitcase, only because I don't want to hang it up
menu? Start time? Stripper show time?
I just found a real collar bone and a cheek bone. Thought that shadow on the cheek my was a bruise. Nope, it's a cheek bone.
Mo' tweeting mo' shopping for us both. March 8: 60% off for users w/ scores b/w 41-60 (up to $75)
haha I know he says she like hosts parties and sells them
Florida's Tebow a game-time decision Saturday vs. LSU
No love for our twitter wishes tonight...
When I see blood ima slap tf outa him
Um...wow RT Rampage Jackson’s Viral Video Features Attempted Rape and Penis Biting
It's scars me how much I think about you.
wow i may b the shotest person i know. how does a phys. ed major take everything home except for all of his shorts?
Looking forward to seeing on the main stage 2nite during #NewWestFest Fort Collins Colorado!
tyying to figure out why my compter is so slow tonight...
On the road again.... Moose Jaw bound! Headed to the land of
Go Pack Go!! RT : As points out, Saints and Packers kick off the 2011 season exactly 50 days from today.
Where were all the good beer commercials during the #superbowl? Budweiser needs to step their game up!
Thanks to Chef Brian Lewis & all 4 a great shoot!
Me at work: "Drive to the first window and I'll take it off for ya." I probably should have specified "coupon."
What fun will tomorrow bring?
Apparently calling a girl attractive means your friend can tell her you "have a crush" on her while teaching her to close... God dammit.
It's all about the K K letter G. Kappa reunion in indy
One: why does Earth turn? / Obese kids on one side, emaciated ones on other / wow! / yeah.
As of 6pm tonight I am officially retired from UWWTV. It was an awesome 4 years and 2 semesters producing this show
Off I go walking 21+ miles to day towards Lake Brownwood, TX. I'm still looking for someone to get me out of the cold tonight. 9179035870.
Good night
Haha I know!(; thanks for the phone call! I needed it. Love you! (:
P.S. I joined the smart phone club: switched to Sprint and got an Evo.
I was just addressed as "LeAnna" - now people are just making up names for me!
RT : College costs high. Debt burdensome. Help needed. That's why I'm here. Fire away. Use #AskVP -vp
Google only goes back two weeks in Twitter content #L10Social interesting!
hey man - are you doing O&A anytime soon?
who saw the moon at its closest and brightest last night? i didnt ):
8 more mins and Im off of work.
“: A2. Collaborating on the vision is key. Projects that start with a concept are the most successful. #IntDesignerChat” yes!!
If at first you don't suceed... You're not
Having a thousand friends isn't a miracle. The miracle is to have a friend who will stand by you when thousands are against you.
Congrats to , the winner of our gift certificate giveaway, and thanks to all of our new followers!
Be interesting to see how Whitney Houston's passing shapes the Grammy's tonight. All that planning..Proof that nothing is set in stone.Ever.
“: At the game, telling Jason how I hate everything from Philly as I eat a cheese steak... Oh irony!!!” you love me :)
you chose dry head over the celtics in your tweet and I said I disagree... Pussy
Tony Romo reminds me of an old coworker. Same big ears and "dumb" eyes.
it was freezing!
LISA WISEMAN lays down the rules for "getting wasted"...
because i dont got my ipod its to much work to get on the computer lol .
i just realized, only 7 more til i hit 100 :)
writer diablo cody wearing crossbones earrings at
We keep getting our opposing team's managers kicked out. Will it help us win?? Meanwhile the Yanks keep beating Tampa Bay.
The truth doesn’t cost anything, but a lie could cost you everything...
Wealth Building Seminar 4/25th @ 630pm est. Bklyn, NY. Multiple Income Streams - Energy, TV, 4G Internet....
sucks to hear this RT Square details E3 slate; no Versus XIII in sight
The IT Crowd might be the most hilarious underrated TV show on Netflix. Can't beat British comedy.
RT and follow
Yea i suppose, time to grow up!(:
no problem
YO....!! DJ KMT Mixing live Friday (tonight) at 10:30 Central Standard Time on triple w madtracks dot com
Lol bitch no one likes your ugly dramatic ass.
That's what we thought when we heard Promise Ring practices down the hall!
I'm up what to do today
Ugh! Did u come to Milwaukee again and fail to inform me!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> haha
another great team name. Maybe we'll see your All-Stars in St. Paul again some day (or you ours!). Enjoy!!
?America or chivas?
Too late. They already did...;)
Shoutout to disco guitar riffs.
Man I dont want no company tonight! Go home!!!!
Are you ever doing to do anything? All you do is sit in your beanbag chair and smoke cloves all day.
No rest for the best.
God, Atlanta needs film/theater criticism with a point of view! Leave off with the random opinionating.
Thank you much for the FF!
how does the library thing work?
come out
Luke, the perfect revenge for getting hit, would be to GET A HIT!
Side note - they managed to find recording of the incident on the bus. AMAZING.
OMG ZORB! Fun :)
jermaine, you've won me over w/ that song & jamar, pip & james! #teamblake all the way!
Pearl of wisdom from DVD yoga lady: "Sense the spaciousness inside."
i sell propane and propane accessories
This dude looks just like Martin Lawrence and acts like him too!
prepping a postcard for print, answering email, the usual crazy Mondayness
You are my inspiration i love you so much,my queen!
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way
Khan Academy is down for maintenance. We'll be back soon!
I actually thought this morning 'I wish the iPhone had a vacuum app.'
Vending $5 hair flowers at Belladonna Beauties Everyone Gets Lei'd show at Clarion, Modesto! 20 bands, 3 stages!
YES! How lame is that?
Back at the AT&T Center with my #Spurs peeps. Feels good! Can't wait for the season to start in a few weeks!
Steve Jobs could be played by George Clooney in Sorkin's version of Issacson's bio. This should be factually accurate...
It's the longest current streak now that Valverde had a blown save, right?
Live music tonight from 7-9pm. The Heart and Hammer!
I so need to take my butt to bed but im glue to my Computer
we love u do u i hope u com back to boston i wanna go again to ur concer i love uu <3
this is stupid!!
"This legislation from ALEC seems like it'll be great for students," say politicians who know nothing about education.
Throw in some 7-layer dip and you'll be set!
RT - Lovely Day in the SF Bay! Son Nick & I are off 2 see San Francisco Giants Baseball Club battle Cleveland Indians. Au...
Join us TONIGHT at 7:30pm in McGuinn 121 to hear Tricia Rose speak on race, gender, body image and hip hop culture!
Is it okay if I hit you up for some advice, Chris?
Agree! RT : new dance &gt;&gt;&gt; Kansas city dance
I'm never asking for the sexiest person fire Christmas again, cuz if Santa puts me in a box again, I'm beating him up with a north pole!
thank you
hail at memorial stadium
Try to play hero and 9 times out of 10 you are going to get burnt. Too bad Rondo had to learn that one the hard way.
I work too hard to be ballin on a budget.
It's time for everyone to swing from Ovechkins ball sack. Sid who?
followed bro
Our business is service. If you are faced with a security problem, large or small, we cam assist you by providing an effective solution.
I think my rock star days have passed, but thanks! ;-) Maybe if I sell my book, I'll at least get to go on tour.
#DontThinkJustBecause u married..Im not gonna look at ur butt
I saw it now you gotta keep it.
I know I feel like the biggest bitch when I don't reply to texts when I think I have.
done with one mixtape / working on another one
you're right!En you don't need to be around Rubianos all the time either! Ki dia bo ta caba bo masters?
Carole here...I don't know about you Susan Kim...but I am ready for the weekend.
Wow, that's awesome. Congrats!
Gosh, I'd love to... but I'll be in Spain the last week of March & first week of April. Tough life, I know.
Watching inane videos on #Socialcam? "Giant snake eats jogger" Didn't U know it shows up as your status on Facebook?
I follow a lot of feeds. My limit is 1000. Is there a way for Rdr badge to reflect true unread count rather than amt if >1000?
Listening to "no reins" thinking about and all the riding around we did listening to this song
Thanks Mr. Simms. Have a great weekend.
It's a Dawn of the Dead kinda night.
All-India trade bandh today
I think I could go whitewater rafting every weekend of the summer.
Is he responsible for all his teams fumbles?
leave me alone! you know you love me
#NOQUESTION RT : S/O Nate P.
Got SAT this weekend n I'm studyin hard
Niggas give me brain cuz all these niggas geeky
I hope the #Nuggets win, don't like L.A
Girls Night Out! Tomorrow starting at 4pm. Get your girlfriends together and call for a Happy Hour reservation. 202-450-4824
Playing duck hunt and super mario bros on the nintendo with square controllers
i know...thats why! plus hes on the #heat... i hate everybody on heat except for wade
Thanks for following...lets have some fun!
I love how most of my favorites were tweeted by we basically have the same thoughts so I always like her tweets
Gracias! Yes! When are you in town until? North side? South side? RT : i'm in chicago. cafecito?
actually that's a pretty cool piece of work! Do you own that one?
Paradox: It's wise to assume the other party to a negotiation knows what they're doing. Even though it's often not true.
#FIrstEdition #MoneyMonday w/ #Elections in #Europe - #WWWSD What Will Wall Street Do?
Every time I get a follower on twitter, I spare a life and let a child out of my attic.
": No matter how bad your Monday was, just remember that someone out there has to clean the bathroom " I can't imagine
All over RT : thanks. Do you know What sections BC fans in?
This weather really needs to make up it's mind #headcoldagain :(
So we have one order for a Smoked Turkey being shipped to Washinton DC, any other people wanting pricing on a smoked turkey for christmas?
And now a family movie night. Don't think this day could get any better. :)
Pretty soon, going to head up to meet with others around a business I'm helping to start. It's the social venture....OF RASSILON!
You're stoked to hang out with me:3 ahhhw
bruh u finally caught onto his tweets leave them damn things alone lol..im nt judgin
please email 3 topics and I will pick 1. 600-1200 words for article.
I love that people still don't really know that guy from Politico's name--he's just being referred to as "that guy from Politico."
Hoping the artistic director finally hears me next week!
I knew I liked you for a reason lol
Thanks! You too :)
National Union of Teachers to consult staff in every academy about strikes - The Guardian
Why does everyone have flashlights right now?
Hungrier than day thang
Sounds like a reasonable time to me lol thats usually when i knock out x_x
Back in Nashville baby!
Driving a porsche = me under pressure #scary <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
lmao u a fool!!!
I slept for my usual 2. Blech. Go to sleep, Jen (cat woke me up, ugh)
RT : Very sad :( I'm from Brazil
I've been checking out your work and I'm liking what I'm seeing. Dm me your contact info.
Heyy Hailey, how you been :)!! i miss seeing you on Majors & Minors, & the rest of the cast!! Do you like Big Time Rush!!
There are two kinds of people in this world: those who make it across the Oregon Trail, and those who don't. I fall into the former category
I'd say it was less than a week....but I was in the first session, so it was a quick turnaround. Give it time.
Will the Republicans will mention that the same demographic that overwhelmingly supports gay marriage is same one that watches Jersey Shore?
Like almost everyone replies to me on facebook but never FREAKING TWITTER.
now I have that 80's song stuck in my head! <U+E057>
My recap from tonight's game has a little more on it, and there's much more in the audio file.
Spent all of #EarthHour at a vegan restaurant. Does that count?
I don't think it's that complicated because you have damaged to begin with to even watch that crap.
OK so I've had enough with these Lexus commercials- ANYBODY who knows anyone who has ever received a Lexus with a big red bow for...
We have to run our Roomba every single day! You'd think our cat would be bald by how much hair he sheds! G'luck
Evaluate what you want - because what gets measured, gets produced. -James A. Belasco
Good morning, Twitter! This week's #topicoftheweek is violence on college campuses. We'll be asking questions, taking polls, conversing.
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how much I loved him (:
haha ya! How are you??
duck tape!
So who can help me promote my radio show?
marry me ? :D
Off to buy my bathing suit for the honeymoon!
What's wrong? I get to see you next weekend!!!!!
Found my way to the encore lounge in Boston. It's an open mic. Woo hoo!
RT : Attn #Runway #Models: Casting show for ! Come out this Saturday, downtown 10-2pm.
Damn No Goodnight Love ???
because tom said we dont need to be attractive he'd still sleep with us, my body is ready omg omg
Don't forget 8 is open for speaking submissions! bit.ly/n69D3D Will you be this Fall's hottest Ignite speaker?
ha ha actually no, even though I am a huge sex in the city fan that one was so awful!
Thomas Robinson played like a real pussy tonight. That boy was scared.
No glasses buddies? Aw...
i sent my sweet fiance out on sunday for the pain au chocolat deliciousness - it was amazing! i was too cozy at home! :)
wish i walking by
Losurdo, Liberalism, a counterhistory (2011): smart intro to historical entanglement of slavery and liberalism; limited archive and argument
lmfao! My brother used to work at wells Fargo!
RT : A Brilliant idea by Catersource and Catering by Design. Drain the pool and stick your food buffet inside
thanks, how u been anyways
Guys these days....smh.
It's easier to exercise if your boss does it.
What a great mission. Thanks 4 following.
Digital today allows for stories to never end vs only story telling under the narrative form
And then you'll have Wallace, even more responsibilities <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
I had exactly the same reaction :/
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen You get tickets!!!
Moneyball - read the book, enjoyed the movie. Wonder if its just because I'm an A's fan or if it was really a good movie...
nice armband what is it for? Captain?
Given the volume of #grammys tweets right now, I feel like I could live tweet the show without even watching it.
Where is :) haven't seen u on my TL today !
prince said what gotta know
. oh that sounds like it was a great luncheon! Glad to hear you learned something and enjoyed it!
Question: What's The Nicest Compliment You've Ever Received?
I'm not sure. Her main focus is quilting and she works with the Quilt Index. You two should chat!
Just seen ma x n Bestfriend nd they friends :) had good day lol
Seriously, I don't give a rats ass if all the celebrities r using a product!! All I want 2 know is, does it work? Sick of this celebrity bs!
Bucs pitching is off the charts, if only we had some offense. Really....any offense at all. Let's go Pirates. Wake those bats up.
Missing Spring-area brothers found safe
Thanks for the follow Mr.Jackson. If you could check out my music and let me know what you think. Thanks!! God Bless!!
i swear sometimes my mom just bitches and complains just because she hasnt done it all week, and needs to do atleast once
Why do generals break in at the bend?
I don't know which is scarier, the road to success or success... I hope to answer that question soon. ;)
Also joining us on the show today to talk about Bealefeld's tenure: Baltimore Councilman Nick Mosby 12-2 pm
I hope I get to NYC swiftly! My legs are already restless. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Also all in RT : To answer that email, yes yes yes yes. :)
having to fly to cleveland, of all places, during grand prix week for a job interview
Think of all the love he felt in the last moments. He knew he was loved.
Good to see you too!
new Every Time I Die record rules. Go get it!
When I play "HISTORY" unfolds....really!....this bass is my life..listen
It's GTBU = good to be you!
TY = Thank You!!
“The only reason we don’t have what we want in life is the reasons we create why we can’t have them.” ~Tony Robbins
Congrats! #DearTeenMe RT : Whoa! Good news! DEAR TEEN ME has been named an official Junior Library Guild selection.
So I take it that you chose to be heterosexual right? Give me a break.
Please contact Nick R on our support team. He has been trying to get in touch with you about a server.
Winning games like this one tonight at Fieldhouse will do more to put Pacers fans in stands than all paid advertising in the world.
Is It Nice Looking
that new pic got mad dog cuteness
We're fantastic, really hoping for a release this week!
My all time favorite song. Thanks for tweeting.
For the record... Mass Effect 3 is NOT better with Kinect.
What is he thinking? I guess his kids will not be using these social mediums.
that's near the Blue Ridge in Va right? If so, that area is awesome. Very pretty.
My limbs feel like spaghetti!! I have dropped so much shit at work! ready to go!!
Thanks Gabriel! A writer is not as crazy as the characters they create? Maybe. How to measure? By deeds? Crazy test?
Ima Just Tweet Watch The Rest Of The Day
this is the first time in a long time haha it's not like I do it everyday
thanks for the Love ill check out your #facebook right now
Don't forget it's Princeton Farmer's Market Thursday! Only a couple of weeks left. Come on out and visit us...the weather is beautiful!
Eveland or Hunter could become LRP
minor correction: Oh
No. Brendan stays.
Memphis got too complacent smh
Well I am not evil. Tilly is evil.
Welcome to the Annenberg family! Looks like we have lots to geeking out to do.
Could be the best twitter account I've found as a Milwaukee resident.
Looking forward to my first Rangers game next week. I'm a Blackhawks and Sharks fan, but I can still appreciate the #1 ranked team's skills.
Congrats! Best investment is to your health!
I wish this migraine would go away and #stayaway <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Has anyone really forgotten that?
Wow, Vandy didn't do nothing in the last few minutes of the game, Richmond wins 69-66
Pastor McCann will be on TBN tonight at 10pm! Check it out! This guy changed my life.
To all my PAKALITES follow
Head hurts and throat and nose feel funny. No go away sickness.
First off, 699 other players also deserve a cup and if that was Cooke or Rinaldo making that hit it'd be a suspension
I'm looking forward to seeing San Francisco NFC Champion apparel during the next Madagascar mission.
awwohhh :( I lost three followers.... why? :'(
this doesn't surprise me. My 2 year old nephew can work my iPhone better than I can...but, I wouldn't give in just yet :)
Meeting tonight!! Come find out more details about Saturday's Holiday Hoopla! BH 233 at 6:30!
i agree, it doesn't feel like christmas eve AT all.
roast beef with fried eggplant & mozzarella from Defonte's. That Way from This Little Piggy Had Roast Beef
oh word? Damn I'm leaving tomorrow went to today's game
cause you're a fake fan that only likes Zayn lolol but I only sacrificed for chuu babyy <U+2764> I texted you the pics we took yesterday!
i think connie hijacked his twitter. its all a farse!
Gene Simmons from KISS fame opening a new restaurant in CA. Wonder if they'll serve a tongue sandwich?
When your english teacher says "mad douche bag status"
Jay Rock "Follow Me Home" out JULY 26
it's such good music
I am on my way to church, tamala mann is going to be there
played hard today.. #ILoveItWhen it's all about the pooo say. #SGP lol ;)
: oh you know...museums, mobile, learning, all that good stuff I'm studying in MEP :)
Finishing up a fabulous Board of Directors retreat. Thanks everyone.
Where are you having your martini(s)?
love bites
Prayer tonight at MYC! 6:30...everyone is welcome.
your music is great. Very pure. Best of luck to you man.
wtf! ugh i hate whe these bitches eat my leftovers! gahhhhhhh!
Good Night World... Tomorrow awaits you.
cops at my apartment cuz my neighbors forgot their keys and broke in through a window
The mind is its own place and in itself can make heaven of hell, hell of heaven.
Bryce Harper continuing to prove he was a good pickup in my fantasy league.
Vacation plans cancelled due to being a grown-up. I hate all this appropriate decision making. Kudos to those who do it every day.
Why are people's Internet not working?
I've never been to a midnight showing...can't decide if I want to do that or a very calm(?) matinee treat on Fri.
better idea.. Boozer needs to step up against the better competition n take some of the "edge" off DRose
that was the best post EVER!!!! Haha totally rad rejection! #zombie ass-kicker
#Swimgerie fashion show, only on ! are you ready?
Wow that is CRAZY!
kmart4 6 my fav player is in china so fairwell to this nba calendar year i have no team except for the rockets now...
Don't know if you qualify for a mortgage? Call me & I'll put you in touch with a mortgage professional! It's not as hard as you think.
"Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you. You just gotta find the ones worth suffering for." Bob Marley, quoted in Village Voice
#iUsedToLikeYouBut you still think showing your kacche ka brand is cool. Please!!
So fundies wont be in hell with me, deal.
Never said that. RT : You honestly think it is realistic to expect UW to win a championship?
1966- “Monday Monday” by the Mamas & the Poppas becomes #1 in the pop charts.
UGOdotcom UGOsweeps hey, now that they lowered the price of the ps3, can you send me the one i won in early march?
Sorry you didn't think I offer anything of value to you.
sorry don't know one there but good luck!
When I'm bored I don't drink or smoke, I go in my room turn on my flashlight and make hand shadows. My mother should be proud of me
Awesome!! #furthestdistanceaward RT : Landed from Orlando went straight to Meet #TopChef & eat
Coming to America?
12 hours left to vote for SAC Chair!
Alrighty..I don't email much BUT I WILL FOR YOU! :D I'll Dm u it.
Welp goodnight fans and #CarrieUnderwood fans! We love you.
as long as it's a mcgriddle you'll be fine.
Lol cant wait to go day drinking with my females today! ;)
Happy new years. With my girls and Lauren. It's been a good night. I love these girls so much. :)
tonight was the final screening in the african art house film festival sponsored by
Where did you find this?
Soo excited that will be playing at JMU tomorrow!!!!! =) =)
Having to share my car with my brother<<<
oh ok. Thx for telling me :) how was ur day?
phase 2 of Insanity today, ass kicking to come.
GONE GIRL missing wife ripped from the headlines. but did the husband do it?
In 5 minutes, we’ll reveal the contest! Who wants to be a #ColtsDocsVIP and watch the Draft Thurs. ? good Luck!
Rob Williams comes in to replace Tom Baker as Greater Media/Boston Market Manager. Keep an eye on your inbox for our RAMP Breaking News!
:)) we'll make it work one of these days! RT : dang I keep missing you!
adults v. grown ups
there's after the fact punishment of course. but to actually STOP that? impossible, imo.
those days tend to end with the need of a cocktail or two.
Trying to figure out exactly what all I'll do today- Cinco, Derby, Nationwide Race, Braves/Auburn baseball. Lots on sched!
Thanks for the follow. Love your site's graphics.
Amazing, simply amazing.
In Finland, basic education for children aged 7-16 is completely free and includes health care.
There is no day that isn't made better by looking at pictures of adorable animals cuddling with stuffed animals.
Next thing you know, Sarah Phillips will be revealed as Dad Boner.
The older I get the more I find myself saying, "Is this a skirt or a top? What is this?"
If u have a roof leak call us 305-232-3344 www.vcassociates.net
Three years in Austin and somehow this was my first pancake meal at Kerbey NOT THE LAST. The short stack was glorious overkill.
does anyone else collect MAD magazines??? i found my oldest one, the size of a comic book! =D
Basically if u have a few beers you forget about the hurricane
i like that wedding pic
oops. I accidentally let my mommies dog out && he ran away. :(
Happy #Supernatural Friday!! :)
Happy mothers day !
I'd laugh cause I can't control myself...
Congrats on move to join the team! Looks like an exciting team and great space!!
i am beyond obsessed with that show! :)
Dir. Eide tells audience public expectations are growing for protecting safety regarding radiological preparedness.
#LoueyGettingSilly RT : Oh my Louie!!! Are you kidding me
Costner had one job.
Flat tire. A better hurry up.
Members of the Reserves or National Guard are eligible for the VA Home Loan Program also.
what's going on beautiful! How ya livin!
HOLY BOYFRIEND VIDEO.
I hate seeing kids at the site of a crime scene </3
I know all the ladies are ready for 's "Magic Mike". We spoke about it in NOLA. Great guy for sure. Ladies be on the look out!
Have enjoyed talking to you and watching the things you do since the day you showed up. You're very cute :)
“: hi, you're perfect.” Hi! You're awesome:)
It's such a beautiful day! Time to play video games lol!
what if I told you nice uggs? They aren't real. Oh. Well nice fake uggs.
you are better than me...lol
too cute!!! Glad to hear the fam is doing well!!!! Congratulations!! Can't wait to meet the lil guy!!!!
My computer is telling me to go to #sleep...it just froze.
derricks going to throw another party for you lol
#What2ChainzWouldSay bitch im 2chainz got Stanky feet three fingers thats stinky pink porno gotta beat my meat then I nut kitchen sink
When did Missed Connections get so boring?
I don't think your stupid<U+FFFD> but what's my opinion against thousands?
And another one - The Santorini Be A Goddess winner goes to the European Wax Center in Kendall!
will you please come back and play for duke again I miss you.
#I cried when I lost my soul mate
I think my body is trying to suffocate itself. I can't breath through my nose, and its hard/hurts to swallow. Its been nice knowing you all.
"The world is but a canvas to our imagination." - Henry David Thoreau
John Simon~ Democracy encourages the majority to decide things about which the majority is ignorant.
WORD! RT : Great to hear that allows their employees to be themselves - creates a great culture
That's what separates you from the monkeys
Good morning friend!
I fly a lot. One of these days, I'm going to get one the wrong plane and end up in Albuquerque.
Do we not get Kevin baby pictures!?
YOU A BHADD BITCH & YA FRIEND BHADD TOO....;-)
North Carolina. Where Michael Jordan played college basketball.
ring me up when you're free...
We will be closing the dining room tonight at 5:30 for a private party, we will still be serving take out orders during the party
Science is simply common sense at its best that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic.
#HookMeUp with them watch the throne tickets!!!
best thing about christmas eve
RT : saw your new catalog! Some very pretty new lilybees and the Gwyneth's finally out in my size so excited!
We'll be thinking about you.
u r so a beautiful woman
Melanie, thank you very much for that great review!!
Excited to see how new #PSUBOT trustees shape direction & be stronger reps for #psu alumni voice. Thx & Time to get 2 work
Make it an outstanding day peeps! B sure to get ur workout on and tweak that diet. Your bodies will thank you for it! Blessings...
Who else will walk up and down an escalator instead of waiting for it to take you up or down?
Making the final touches on 's spring calendar. Post tomorrow.
I followed!
How's the Monday commute this morning? At least it's a beautiful day outside!
I know an awesome Winter Hotspot!
Today Art Pulse finds out if we are the winning bidder in the Pacific View Elementary School site
#pladml what is the url for the dml specific blog?
too nyquild to have the full convo but its Bonds elephant or not
Lower Allston smells like someone's having a bonfire built exclusively from pot.
Worst hotel ever, we're drunk and locked out of our room
Aw come on, I'm sure lots of ppl care!
Finally Home!
Hey hi,how are u?
Yeah I have seen some of those. He is liberal, but maybe he has read a bunch/lot of stuff that changed his opinion on that?
#Bestie!!!! I miss you!! MLK is straight ghetto and hood lol! This store is crazy! Lucky I got hood chicks who work for me
The suspense is killing me. Dont let me down.
Government regulation of sugar in people's personal live? (i.e. carding kids for soda, candy) Ridiculous! Just sayin'
People Follow my Great Friend:
That moment when you have a sharpie and you have the urge to draw on everything.
thanks for the follow :)
I'm finally 22---sheesh I'm getting old :( lol it's a blessing tho
I really miss my dog I swear I always hear her barking then I look n she's not there :( I hope she's safe & taken care of <3
I need a massage...my shoulder hurts...):
RT : Join an intriguing discussion of the Katyn Murders in Poland during WWII. Today at 1:30 at #ClevelandState in LB60
Snooki from “Jersey Shore” Lied: She Really is Pregnant!
never been to one man. Looks like I gotta check that out soon. Any recommendations sir?
where do you play man?
Nothing but Yankee victories this weekend as team Chasing800 was in the Bronx! www.Chasing800.com
#Blazers beat the #Nets 101-88. Portland closed the game on a 19-3 run. Nets went final 6:50 w/o a FG.
where do you live ?
Happy Earthquake Day
Uh oh, no reception in the dungeon? Call my office line peeps.
We had our first interview tonight! :) It went awesome! :)
im jealous
IM NOT HAPPY!!!!! COME ON NEW YORK!!!
Old rule was that you're not allowed to wear "extra" protection after a certain amount of time following a surgery/injury.
We've all been there before, except for the countless obvious differences
Excited to be going to the #nsta12 with on March 29-April 1. Stop by our Booth #2238 to see our amazing science collections!
Happy Easter peeps!
Friday Friday got to get down on Friday <33
since it's 4:10 game, post game perfect!
i've never been to smashburger. idk if its good or not. D:
Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly. -Marcus Licinius Crassus
what questions Mistress???
Does he do the same songs every show.
aw yea foreal
Ladies if you have a trash bag in your car window there should not be a man sitting in your car with you.
A father is someone who carries pictures where his money used to be
8 more hours...I can see the light at the end of the tunnel
I can't wait either! So excited! I'm a bit nervous and I hope you'll like the package.
yea hehehe:) so what r u gonna do for valentines day???
Gorgeous (but cool) day here in Charleston SC - waiting for delivery to setup Emmens Preserve interactive touchscreeen system!
There are some amazing things being hatched at !
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step ~ Lao Tzu
HES STUPID A F , when you have one its supose too be better xD
Thanks for the feedback. I don't have many coins on the site because I don't know much about the subject.
Today at 12pm EST,5pm GMT, 2 Damn Cheeky (Rob Keith / Rich Foster) on FriskyRadio, new 2hr set from Rob Keith, hop in and take the ride !!!!
I wish I could go back to high school
So glad it's igniting your #AudaciousFaith! Keep sharing the msg. ^staff
#rt It's closer than you may think.
This season of Survivor just got boooooorrrriiiinnnggg!!! Damn.
Listen to "FUSiON" tonight from 6-7!
why is that?
Happy Birthday dude!
New trick to get cats to come in the house: playing YouTube clips of meowing on my phone.
niggah you called me whn you were at Wing Stop yesterday. you're fat
Episode 52 will be up tonight!
Solo all morning!?!?! Yikes! Good Luck!
As for this draft, I just look for "hope" and don't care if it's bats or arms. Gotta just get talent.
Thanks bud - back at you.
March is brain injury awareness month! A Traumatic Brain Injury can happen anytime, anywhere, and to anyone.
so excited to see you this weekend and drink amazing wines! You tell me what to pour & I'm on it!! #Wine&Friends
Don't I wish! :D
....changed my name!
'I think the reward for conformity is that everyone likes you except yourself.' Rita Mae Brown via
have fun...remember the good 'ol days of haning out...miss them!! We will get together. have fun..tell Cindy "HEY" MUAH!!!!!
Per MLB policy, we are not allowed to post any game audio online including...
Finished re-watching Season 4 of , ready for Season 5 premiere tonight!
Thanks for reading Alex - I'll check out your questions!
"Just because no one believes u can do it, doesn't mean u can't... Believe in yourself & just DO it"
I wish I could go back to this time last year when I actually had a happy life
MT : Sad: seeing neighbor kids walking to 7-11 to get unhealthy brkfast. / can't eat healthy if u can't find healthy.
I.e., the pundits were right.
“: great time with Vilinsky today!! we did work with liebs!” #BreakfastofChampions <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
Happy Monday, follow your dreams.
just listened to your stuff on myspace. fantastic. love it. thanks for the follow!
I don't think he was that "terrible." Maybe I'm dumb, but sounds like he just wants Uthoff to explain why he's transferring (via the appeal)
'We intend to eliminate homelesnees by 2017 & veteran homelessness by 2015. We are on the mark.'Estelle Richman, HUD,
i am so f'ing obsessed with the West Wing, I can't even stand it. Why did I wait so long? "access" episode arguably one of the best.
hahaha..its an arabic song.
So tonight I lost my first Volleyball game VERY! Last year we were undefeated, and this year we were to up until today!
OH from a 5 YO in the pking lot: You mean you don't telemark? Laughter & pride from the telemark-dad ensued. cc
Love how you can tell which Metro drivers are locals: "Next station is *mumblemumble" WASHINGTON NATIONAL AIRPORT."
Thank You for Following us on Twitter!
Full moon tonight + spring renewal.......always a time of reflection and a surge of energy for things to look + feel different! Sigh!
Hello everyone. Did a lot around home today & am tired. Need to rest a bit, but will try to fill you in on more things ASAP. C U later....
for my fitness bikini comp!
I'm in for that minus Noche lol
RT : RT s/o to the House that Chapman Built - Happy Charter Day to the BN bruhs!
He is ALWAYS on time!
Hey guys! We've added many new cars to our fleet! Short waits city wide Seattle! Make us your first call when ya need a cab! (206)722-7696
Oh no. You will never get that Saturday night back.
Once again late cuz of construction maybe i should leave an hour early to get to the school
misjudged the distance between my head and the wall. I think I might go crawl in a hole now.
:( yes it does.
My grandma sold my pappy's car and gave me $500 and I may get it
You are too positive! :)
You too!
Catching up on khloe and Lamar. Gosh I love this show hahaha
I think if you exercise, your state of mind - my state of mind - is usually more at ease, ready for more mental challenges
Head on over to Hotch-A-Do Fri/Sat for their fish fry - why not get 50% off by heading to www.crowdclick.com first!
Having a background in sales makes car shopping much more fun.
Sure you'll have no problem finding an ugly sweater there!
One word says it all. #Brewers !!!!
#4famouswords -- free's ass is fine --- get me some honey.
Tori Spelling coming up in minutes on the show
asdfghkl i met your mom today!!! :)
New day just searching for
Im so proud of my sisters Yuki and Miinah graduting.. I am a proud big sis!! Saranghae sisters!! U deserve it!!
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Waiting for my hair stylist who is 40 mins late. Good thing I've been seeing her for a bunch of yrs.
RT #Libra: sex, drugs and smarts
TRUE INDEED, people need to understand there is a BIG DIFFERENCE!!!
Remind me to tell you about my half-baked Occupy the Playa idea sometime
Batter up? Are we going to have deep fried flying monkeys? ;)
I would LOVE to wake up to following or had tweeted me..
would you expect anything less Kirstie? When you got it you got it and chica YOU got IT!
gop doesn't give a rat's ass about anything that the dems are saying...rude, crude, and just plain mean!!!
Man landeskog is good
Today's gift card winner is PAM BROWN. Congratulations!
haha nice memory ;)
it's kinda cool but its been warm its off and on. lots of rain
Right back at ya! Have you started to think about playing #volleyball in college?
i can't seem to get on your website...just lettin ya know!
Thanks. Hope you're good.
It's always edifying to discuss #mentoring and #informallearning with CAEA colleagues!
have fun with asmister on your date!
what kind of writing do u do? i write much about health care & trying 2 evolve toward fiction ..
I heartily support Chuck Neinas; as a Badger and submariner he can defeat foes both underground and undersea.
RT : 90% of #lottery winners burn through their dough in 5 years. Most folks are horribly inept at managing money
i just watched your cover on Luke James i want you and i was amazed.
I always say this during the World Cups, but I mean it this time: I could definitely be a soccer fan. Go Team USA!
OMG is following me! Heart!
If you dont make a constant effort to be with me or talk to me I'll lose interest in you just saying.
I like hard labor because I know I'm strong enough to do it :)
What's good Bros?
Right back at ya “: Two auditions today and a great shoot for Unity Home Theater. Fun working with ”
How did we not get cought last night?!
Pretty psyched to be planning my first oral history project, hopeful we can implement it permanently and capture great stories/memories.
RT #upstream2012 learning about the science of behaviors & habits, how self control works.big implications for education.
somewhere beyond the sea somewhere waiting for me
you have never seen the notebook?!
OMG that show is rockin' :p
Thanks for the follow Chef, it's an honor!
:Follow back!
what should beaver basketball fans expect next year? I feel like they grossly underachived this year..
Heh Did you join our tweet off about #UWeather today? Great fun talking about our fave subject in WI - the weather.
Works for me. When are you in Chicago next?
Today is the day to do ONE MORE REP! Dig deep and reach your goals!!!
Let's see what part of the crowd can scream the loudest. May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 #1Dtourusa We love you! Love, Alexi and Tabi!
Haha I know the feeling. Living the dream, right?
- so does the Google+ "ghost town"
Awww, you are so sweet :{). Thanks for everything <U+2665> Much Love!
wasn't your dog a puppy!? Wtf went wrong??
working on the final touches of the new STITCH-EQ Black/White...this newest orig painting will be on display tonight!
Several cable companies are eying usage-based billing for internet service causing Netflix customers who stream movies to fear hefty increa…
Yea bro, we still at it.
I know...a show this weekend would be the perfect end of the semester party
I also like lots of books by Kristin Hannah (Jodi Picoult-ish) and Michael Connelly (mystery) as far as more commercial fiction.
It's Friday! Cash your check & come spend it on some gourmet Italian downtown just east of Campus Martius...Do it!
Will Oregon reflect the U.S. unemployment numbers? Local experts fill us in tonight at 6:30pm on KGW.
omg I want some!
Today's Brain Floss: 94% of Americans say they brush nightly & 81% say they brush in the morning. Brush better!www.drdooleydental.com
Excellent lecture in #NewYorkCity this month. Intriguing at the very least, if not a tad 2 long. #DavidIcke = Hero or lunatic?
WebiMax Launches London Internet Marketing Initiative Assisting London Businesses Capitalize on Rise in Visitor Web ...
We've had several events over the past two weeks - which was your favorite?
Building awesome marketing and branding campaigns for our clients! Grab the keys to our creative kingdom of endless possibilities! We're of…
$10 for $20 in subscriptions at MagazineMetropolisDeals! Includes #Oprah, #Vogue, #SportsIllustrated, #Maxim, #Fitness, and
prodigy..chicken. lmao
I'm gonna miss our fun golf "practices" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Lets go to WERK! HAPPY FRIDAY! See you at SOBE!
thanks, Handsome!! I love you, too, Sweetheart!! Have a great day!!
Man, that hawk still out here boa...
Twitter is for Birds :p
Okay :) love you too
by first letter of author's last words
-Fix 'HERE' links on press release for women's report?
I wouldn't expect anything less from you!
In honor of our advance screenings tonight, The Avengers are now assembled on IHC, complete with the latest and last edition - Nick Fury 1/2
If you going to be over a hour late you should probably call in..
yes sir they are both BEAST !!!!
Ugh I dread school so much.
Credit to FOX and CNN broadcasting the shuttle flight over NYC as news while MSNBC babbles politics.
& if you uneducated f*cks didn't know ... FILIPINOS are of SPANISH Ancestry ("Asian, Spanish, Pacific Islander") Holla.
Haha! I think he would. That would be greatness!
Patron wanted a bring 'em back label put on a magazine back issue.
Thanks for the add, and the mention!
check out this performance at the ALLSTARS of CHICAGO SHOWCASE I also hots it as well.
That awkward ass moment when you go through the lunch line and ask the lunch ladies for big breasts on fried chicken day.
We need to make a world in which fewer children are born, and in which we take better care of them.
WOOHOO! Rockies! CARGO!
for Steven???! I made him a card! <3
tell me !
There is so much going on at Sol...keep watching here and our website for new classes for this spring!
I forgot what a bitch Walt's wife turned into in season 2 of "Breaking Bad."
Hallmark needs to make a recordable card that looks like a Howler from Harry Potter.
oh dear
The most difficult lessons are the most valuable. Such diamonds are hard, but priceless. Shine them.
good to meet you too! Can you send me info on metaSlug? Thanks!
Play Self Destruction please
Thank you so much! T minus 5 hours... #Rockies RT : great interview w/ Cargo! Can't wait for the season to start!
What's up with Republicans bashing on the French?
am an official Grandma ~ Addison Faith Donato made her entrance into the world at 12:01pm,7lbs 10 oz, 21inches. Happy Easter!
Full Time Levitating
#icanhonestlysay that i love every single one of the iconic boyz!<3
Boohoo i'm not a Lafayette girl #Cheeck !
Who wants an autograph?
Would you allow your agency to appear on #ThePitch #AMC?
If you force them, they wont learn. Great post by
Hope its not that horrifying..
I seriously love Storage Wars, and American Pickers and any show about junk.
Watching some NBA playoff basketball on this bubba kush
so I've heard. Do you guys still charge for dvds? We do. I didn't realize anyone still did that until I started here.
Just watched the movie My week with Marilyn and wasn't impressed
I would very much like a sad-faced doggie planter with thermometer hanging out of mouth that says "Get Well Soon".
If you love me so much, why are you walking away?
+ with all the rain, the grass is finally nice enough for bare toes. totally into it.
Should I be disturbed by how much I enjoy playing Abigail in "The Crucible"?
Liams a lucky guy :)
now that's american.
just got to Bennu... YOU GOT MY MONEY!?!
Cant wait to watch PLL!!! :)
BOBS are the poor mans TOMS.
thank you, darling :)
RT : Smile. Why? Because it makes you attractive. It changes your mood. It relieves stress. And it helps you stay positive.
directing my new music video! Shoot this Sunday. Choreography by So excited!
You're skinny, your body is jusy saying "We Need More Food Dori"
thank you:)
it would be awesome if they were Guy Fawkes masks.
no way, not over josh selby RT : isaiah thomas deserved 2nd or 3rd in RoY voting. sorry, guys.
Oh yes, huge improvement.
Lots of ways to get rid of a headache. But yeah if you haven't slept by now, you should probably hit the hay :-P
Brian, the Bookshop Door exhibit closes January 22. Come by and see the door before it goes back into storage!
Why do toes, make you giggle inside when you look at them? Especially when you look at others. They seem to make a statement Hm
What's hot in #DCevents tonight? The #HHAwards, the year's biggest celebration of #DCtheatre. With special guest !
sold out
Anytime! See you Monday!
Aww last day of track practice. I'll miss my buddies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Will share suggestion with CB tech team. BTW, 2010 gallery was live until May 2011. Came down when 2011 applications launched.
Ur really gunna try and take a shower at 130 am when I'm trying to go to sleep and my bed is right by the door
J Wright by Cowboys tomirrow
the way i smoke them blunt i burned em up like newports
When you have to be some where on time the one thing you can not trust is the
the guy is a jackass to me and le roy.
I'll compose long blog posts w/OpenOffice first bc I find the bibliographic coding more conducive to sustained thought. [-]
And then an award for the best tweet about the best article about the prize for the best literary prize...
oh neighbors with the karaoke machine, yes, those boots were made for walking. Thanks for the reminder.
Made plans with for SPAGTANIC, the day in which we go to spaghetti factory and titanic and then immediately hate ourselves.
We have Crackle nail polish!
... I don't pick up numbers I don't know. Leave a message, don't keep on calling. I apologize if it's a friend. Lol
"The world is going to throw us a million reasons why this isn't going to work out between us, but I know one reason why it will I love you"
#Socialmedia is super important for #business to integrate into their campaigns
loud and clear :)
Wow my brothers a piece of shit Cheap ass motherfucker
Can't wait to walk in the March for the Animals on Sunday! Its one of my favorite days of the year. My people take me every yr!
i think the ravens have it this year
algorithms could solve the problem you have, not the one you asked.
We are thinking about summer already! Any favorite vacation spots?
I'm rarely ever frustrated with but lately my Timeline isn't functioning right for some reason.
sometimes it's just plain awesome :)
Guys that have a cute laugh>>>
i have been talking to forever ahaha ...we might hang out tomorrow
um hi?
This probably the only time i get to tweet ever since my ipod broke :,(
In September, consider posting "National Library Card Sign-Up Month" to your library Events calendar - as an ongoing or recurring event!
Awesome ... can't wait! Man, I need a Bible with more margins!
I just wanna live.
I'm bored and browsing through apps?! Any suggestions!?
I some how missed that Eastbound and Down started again. Time to catch up.
#OnWisconsin RT : To all those wondering, yes, that was On, Wisconsin playing in the background of the pepsi max commerical
Meanwhile kids today say "What's a CD?"
im almost done memorizing the 2nd page!
Thanks for the mention! Just signed up for Argentinian Tango 2a class. I will figure out this dance yet!
Stop paying back corporate donors.
Impossible, at times. Normal people don't do these things we do.
See ya later peeps tweet ya later <3333333333333333333333333 love ya follow me I follow you back
Kentucky = good
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
TST getting some love! Always cool when a team cares for the fans. Go Rams!
I'll ask. It'd be a good From the Archives piece for the site. RT : You folks have anything on the show in the archives?
My mom just flicked me off. What?
Looked up from my phone just in time to be angry at the car in front of me for not immediately going when the light turned green.
we need another sleep over
Check! RT : Tonight has to be a vintage Paul Pierce playoff performance! He's the ultimate competitor, won't be easy but he can do it
I refuse to remove you from my UVC Twitter list.
When I was little me & erin used to run around the church during class
YOU ARE PERFECT <U+2665>
How was everyone's weekends? Me, I got hammered and yacked in my bed.
ha i bet! So where did you go today? you weren't here for the rehearsal for the ceremony thing.
Bout to go see in 3 hours!!! CANT WAIT!!!
hah ! Chick wants me to Drive all the way to Riverdale just to eat Dinner... shoot what am i getting in return ?
A tequini is a martini made with tequila instead of dry gin :) HAPPY TEQUILA THURSDAY!
Congratulations to James Chew on your recognition on your 5 years of Service has a Blood Drive Chairperson for !!!
So it's really over for Ljuby? I'll never forget how ecstatic he was to win his one and only Masters tourney. Dream come true. Wish him well
Thank you
yeah ya do “: I go back to December all the time....”
So now Obama is calling the expiration of tax cuts “tax increases”. He may as well switch parties right now.
#sxsw #nowplaying. At Maggie Maes Rooftop. Chain Gamg of 1974. Talvin Singh crossed with Secret Machines, so far!
Thanks for the follow, Look forward to your services.
amazing meetings and look forward to working together! #Boston look forward to meeting you!
yeah when I saw your picture I thought you were at least 15:)
Ok who do I need to kill?
Haha Your Funny C:
Sushi for lunch My stomach is so Happy right now soo good! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Apparently they already have. I've seen reports that Jennifer Hudson is already scheduled to do it.
i want u
Ditched tweetdeck a few months back for native twitter client because it was horribly broken. Reinstalled today and so far I'm happy.
Happy Birthday Aaron!!
Happy Birthday Chachi!
keep up the GOOD work my brother!!! and THX IA is staying busy and matching up peeps with cancer every hr!! :)
We had an elite eight run while I was there....2005 maybe? Besides that...heh... Err....
Then you should see the fallacy of unions--they are monopolies protected by the force of law
I wash my hair and its sheding like a old woman w/ 5young kids!
5 dollar foot long! lol I always get a Turkey. Although, have you tired their egg white breakfast sandwiches?
i'm running it on a mac and not having problems
“: Happy Birthday ” Kill emm with kindness.
whos in my mouth
Bud Selig throwing out first pitch. Even the COMMISH doesn't want AZ in the CS. Eat it!
Guy in the elevator leaving my apt with a styrofoam cup of coffee. Does he buy disposable cups, reuse or had he gone for coffee already?
How many #fruits and #veggies did you eat so far today?
Just witnessed a 70 year old bumping eminem, shine on you crazy diamond.
Good morning... Still no follow from yet *sigh*
Hey thanks so much for your music... Making life sweeter!!
lol, i'm considering it! the 213 is where i'm at! how's everything btw? :)
So excited to see present at #NewTech tonight! Love Karla!
i have about 530 tweets.
Back to back 40 mile weeks. I'll take it.
My pace gets noticably slower when I run past a house with a grill fired up
Agree, "Hm..." Co-1st authorship is a sham..... BUT, what if it's political & must be done?
Congrats to all of you! Welcome to the world, Jackson! Go Pack!
Thanks for the mention! RT Thanks for RTs, chats & faves
If you want it, I'm gonna be Va Va Voom Voom If you got it, you got it You got that boom boom (8)'
Heading out to CONLON's on ABBOTT rd in S Buffalo to hang with for another Qualifying Round of our NASCAR video game tourney!
If love isn’t a game, then why are there so many players ?
This hoe swa she gone kill my baby
- can we get a quick mention 4 Shoot To Cure event fri nite? DM ur e-mail addy. We'll send u the event release.
What's up? Are you planning to be in GA forever???
Of course!! =) Hope you have a great day!
I've always liked REM's irony. Shiny Happy People? Me In Honey? What's the Frequency, Kenneth? Bandwagon? Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite?
People around here were pissed about how Ben Affleck made the hood look. Meanwhile he had an open audition..
SCONES!!!! *booking flight*
<U+2665> Happy Bday ;)Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?&make her shut up , finally ? She can't stop talking bout ya ;D(1)
When you start looking for a job only because your habit is costly....ur an addict.
e's voice recognition...
#RT if you miss Caroline & Tyler scenes
Still havent slept.
Lol! I guess I'm not light skinned then! Call me Olive tone!
that was a fun time though.. the second day at least lol.. and sounds like a good idea to me!
...and sorely tempted to black out the various websites I managed. Which, yes, I could have easily done.
i hate it whn teachers say "from all this talking, i assume your done working" SHUT UP,from all this complaining, i assume your still single
Pittsburgh firefighters are in the kitchen this morning, turning out some of their cookoff winning chili !
JuliusVEVO .... Youtube it!
“: Beer drinkers - Domestic, Craft, or Import?” depends who's buying
Great 2 be drinking beer in the 'Burgh. Great locals getting it done. All Saints, Lavery, Helltown, Full Pint, Voodoo & more
has been waking up, off and on, with foot cramps. This started at 1.30 am. I would pay dearly for a foot massage.
Me too, tho never really slept after 4. This will be a long day but a fun one.
RT : Progress always involves risks. U can't steal 2nd base & keep your foot on 1st -Wilcox
Hey Mama, I don't know if I sent that last email to everyone. I may not have hit reply all. Grr.
Ok, seriously Erik Spoelstra, put down the Derrick Rose voodoo doll.
We're number 84 on the ReverbNation Hip Hop charts for Chicago, IL. www.reverbnation.com/smitty
If you think regulation of anticapitalist market manipulation and restraint of trade is wrong, then you are anticapitalist
Great to have US Attorney of SD WV Booth Goodwin on Hate Crimes Panel at #fairnessWV11 conf with Charleston WV Pol. Chief Brent Webster
"Some kind of light dancing in the distance - Breaking through the night, path of least resistance." ::fran healy::anything::
Up for school already
ahh, Im sorry I never replied yesterday! ): I was at my friends house and wasn't online at all. sorry
To those men suffering in silence from childhood sexual abuse, let today be the day you talk with someone about it. You are not alone.
I got a members card. I feel like might have a warm feeling in his chest from this.
Carry yourself like a queen and you'll attract a king
did that just really happen
watching zoboomafoo with my brother right now ... this show is the shit!
yeeeaaint bout that life
Thank you Luv! = )
but why?
couldn't of said it any better myself girl.
Happy to be a part of the Non-Farm Payroll report this morning.
phew! I was hoping a little extra kindness would be the answer.
celebrity on so many levels!
There’s lots of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven’t the time to enjoy it. - Josh Billings
aww u butch ass nigga u gnna buy a bike ?
The hatred is so real and palpable that even writers from our cities are about to rumble! vs
Damn I'm hungry as fuck, ima cook something up
speaking of work, did you get me Ever After yet? Had to turn mine back into library without watching :-(
just cause yu put syrup on it dnt make it a pancake
Not switching cuz U.S. Cellular doesn’t have the I-phone? use Double Twist, sync I-tunes w/ a Android phone like the Samsung Galaxy S2
A burrito made by jimmy metrakos >>>>
check out fathead glass. Nicest stuff in Tucson. They also own a bar right next door.
Prom was very well ran and great! Great job and coach Arnold for there long week of hard work! Students did a awesome job!
Embrace the probability of your imminate death, and know in your heart that there's nothing I can do to save you -Haymitch
The BlingQueen herself! Love this womans style! <U+2764>
I am sure their is no doubt I am not the one... (truth hurts huh ) all joking aside, it is good we can be civil..=)
Silly questions perhaps: Was Barrett scheduled to be there? Does sitting Mayor normally attend that?
how was your duran duran podcast!
I tell u something .. u run and tell someone else what does that make you ??
Happy Mama Day! I love being a mom! <U+E022>
hell yea!!
Thanks so much :)
any idea when bb sked will be out?
If I was to kill #BinLaden by sending a bomb to his cave via Who would get the reward money, me or the delivery guy.?
ugh why couldn't my hair have stayed the same way since i got a haircut :(
Get money. Take action.
I moved on from caffeine to #guinness. It's working out pretty well! :)
Marketing your business (with social media) doesn't need to be difficult - go with what work best for your business,
Wtf what happen to my mos wanted crew and RNG! No no no
From what I'm hearing, liberals voted for Santorum, either as a goof or to slow Romney's nomination.
It most certainly does!
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
Do they use it full time? For dev-type stuff? No complaints?
How are you gonna meet him again?! and thnx
how tha fuck im gettin cheated on by a girl
Remember, all you need is YOU to believe. That & hard work, will make any dream a reality. DO IT!
Awesome! Clothing items are beautiful through an X-ray, via
Amen! The slogan "You get what you pay for" applies to biz owner...you get the type of client you accept.
Love your work, but in this draft I would hope Packers go for Iupati rather than reach for Sapp. Thompson usually goes BPA
good! My parents are in nazi mode. Basically not talking to me.
LOL dang don't move and forget IM.A.GENIUS.PLZ lolol
GREYS ANATOMY IS ON TONIGHT!!!!!!
Tough collapse by the mets in the bullpen and absolutely no second half offense in the thunder game.
are you watching the austream??
Reading a disturbing article in the N.Y. Times by Trip Gabriel published 11/9.
Welcome new fans. Thank you for liking my page.
"Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination unto you." Don't pick and choose.
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: When possible set up strategic partnerships. It can be critical to the success of any small business.
yes :D
And we can put awesome action figures on the cake! I want gambit nightcrawler thor and iron man. I hope you guys are taking notes. :3.
Head on out the door with your travel mug and get a free cup of Joe (or tea) from today for Earth Day!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Donnie Perkins °Rising 9th °Shreveport, LA °Travel Team: Fair Park High School °Shooting Guard 5’10
" Thank you Michael! Amazing meals and wine in Tuscany with incredible chef
S/O to a new follower and friend Fuck witcha boi iight
2 more weeks till finals! Means 2 weeks of hell. Then #summerbreak!
do u prefer East coast or West coast?
Today is the day!! Serve Madison!!!!!
You know what it is. And like every Friday I can't find my red lipstick.
Enjoying this summer day by the lake with &
Can't get enough of
Match Rule #4: Don't let your first sentence say, "I don't want to be cheated on." I don't feel like paying for your extra checked baggage.
So true! RT If you don’t take care of yourself, you won’t be able to take care of anyone else. -Joyce
Pulling a missions with
Lovely event! Enjoyed the speaker greatly...Congrats to all the winners and those recognized
How did you choose Steve as the hire car's name? (I call my car Porfirio because it's purple.)
my wife is Styrian. The 1st time I visited I was blown away by the concept of Jause, with Kren being the absolute peak of flavor.
Y is it so boring
Timeless: Older Mama Alert: You can still rock a mini with the right shoes. A cute miniskirt should be for the young at heart.
#csa12 Reddy: perversity as a limited temporality/zone of emergent practices that cannot conform to cultural forms organizing social sphere
Just wish id drown in my own tears.
is leaving today for Spring Retreat. Still remember the concert at our fall retreat 2011.
you got it, you got it, bad...
Absolutely a Patriotic Lunatic! Hope you're watching O'Reilly xtra sanctimonious 2nite! #TalkingPointsThinks!
Prussia tonight in Ann Arbor with Secret Twins, Long Whisker, & Bad Indians!
I'm not heartless, I've just learned how to use my heart less...
Stay tuned!!!!! Rainline Live dates coming soon.. We can't wait to play some new stuff for all of you.. It will blow you away......
THE PENIS ICE LUGE IS BACK AND READY TO BE SUCKED ON!!!!!
you already know!
time to skype now!(:
Ron Paul won Jackson County, so your input would've been superfluous, no?
Can't wait to Jersey turnpike with tonight.
Today I was being ignored by a couple people !
If was chief spokesmen for the republicans I think they'd have a chance this November... Great job w/
"I need to mentally taste everything, calm the f*€k down, stop pressuring me" - browsing Internet pizza delivery
If it's Monday, we're at Duff's garage tonight for Live The Sidecars will perform. See you at 7 on KGW Newschannel 8.
I love Chris Broussard he knows what he's talking about hell always have the heats back
man i miss getting greeted by everywhere
Screw it, I'm just going to say it: I love Facebook and I love and I think this deal is wonderful for both of them.
At bigs burger joint with my brother!
THANK YOU! <U+2764>
My office phone has only rung once today. Weird.
I FINALLY FOUND YOUR TWITTER! <3333
It's hard to create humor because of the unfair competition from the real world. -Peter's Almanac
If anyone is driving, don't go on 40th or 117th...traffic is backed up like a mf'er..
Testing my twitter feed. We will see if it works.
I love my life, I like to keep things simple and I am here to help you..
Coach Huber talks with Amobi Okoye on FOX Sports 1620am tomorrow at 7:30am about upcoming mission trip to Nigeria.
Tough editors! RT : Newspaper created sons & daughters at #JAWisconsin #Biz#Town. I was interviewed. Didn't make the cut.
U have to Remeber the people in life that make you soo important and dont forget to appricate them cause once their gone u want no REGRETS
All these Mother's Day commercials with cute babies break my heart, omg. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
I can't wait to start giving a shit.
i support my people though and I like personal invites dammit
yup lol last I heard u were out of town, thanks...u had a boy too?
RT : Highly recommend that you all follow - innovative, creative, and has the pulse of Newark. <- Thx!
oh ok!! Haha.but there's like rapist & stuff on that show. Does she know what that is?!
haha be careful what you wish for...!! when do classes resume?
My Duetsche ist nicht so gut Janina but I wanted to say Danke Schon for you following me! Have a lovely day! :-)
Really, you can never complain about new sounds by Carrie Underwood.
My son got a letter from municipal court. I assumed he got a ticket, but it was a jury duty summons - whew!
He who is pregnant with evil and conceives trouble gives birth to disillusionment. Psalm 7:14
who needs those friends anyways i got plenty more >_> D; lol
Looking for great tshirt manufacturers with heavy weight broken in fabric!
I already told my mother I wanted to! Besides after tomorrow, this year is shit!
looking forward to following your tweets and learning from you
yes really
RT - MIAMI IN DECEMBER FOR THE EAGLES VS DOLPHINS GAME THEM IAM RIGHT BACK DOWN THEIR FOR NEW YEARS EVE
groovy new year to all
": I followed you back....So does this mean you think I'm certifiable? Ha, ha!" Well on your way!!
going off-line today; don't miss these great shows this week: Benny Goodman (Tue/Wed); Wicked Divas (Thu/Fri); Gospel (Sat)
Hiss. How
- are you live streaming sxsw?
Our school is buying from local organic farms now for veggies and eggs. Longest lines for fresh made to order sandwiches/salad.
#RemoveOneLetterFilms Lash of the Titans
yes, my office used to be the microfilm room. no, you cannot study in here.
Lol RITE... Thats all that Counts.,
I finally got my #metrosurvey at Farragut North tonight! I'll be filling it out tonight!
Thanks to for hosting another amazing event last week.
shout out to for the list of great curators on Twitter
love you
I hate waiting on a bus.
Microsoft&#39;s Office Live Small Business Closing Today
Oh wait, I'm thinking about Avatar - the last airbender, not your Avatar. I think M. Night is making the live action Airbender.
Breathtaking views!
Luxury Golf Vacations in China, Scotland, South Africa, France, Spain & more! www.FreeXpedia.com
puts me up a tree
16 days 3 Monday's left
This can not stand...!
Do not be proud and arrogant with yourr knowledge.
listening now...
God writes the gospel not in the Bible alone, but on trees and flowers and clouds and stars.
That one song you hate now because it reminds you of someone
lame kid no wonder you go to sleep at 2
I have parents fall asleep in the waiting room at my office all the time. Now I get it.
I told you that tho. Both LA & Memphis is not beating the Spurs
Yes, it's true.I grew up around a majority of the famous iconic music celebs that most idolize!My subconcious was privy to their highs/lows
Many thanks for the mention.
I went shopping today with my cousin! :)
Made the flight and have said flask and Wendy's in hand. Thanks for the help everyone esp
It's the beginning of the end bro...
i resemble this remark! ;) and true you are
these rice chips isfuckin bomb Dit come m
what is it? The link doesn't work
Had our annual year end celebration last night! So fun to see everyone dressed up and celebrate everyone's hard work! It's been a fun year!
you're fine. I love you too brotha from anotha mutha lol
I WANT HIM TO FOLLOW ME PLZZZZZZZZZZZ
Y does my lil bro think every one is his cuz
People would know me at school as, "That one trill bitch with the eye patch".
oh yeah oops
i should probably stop tweeting.
Keeping 's page open to see what funny thing he tweets next
Ha! Q: is sharing always intentional? What about sharing via humming earworms stuck in your head?
"SO THIS BITCH." -- The start of an amazing story
FBI: More than 300,000 could lose Web access by July
Don't stop believing is playing in this store. Yep, I'm pumped.
vinny please come to Iowa ? I'd love that . Marry Me ?
Book lovers- you'll want to follow
Finish strong ! Finish strong!
er, 1930. Yes.
makes handmade raw vegan chocolates you have to taste to believe! Tasting @ The Chocolate Library tomorrow @ 4:00!
Bday in a week N I'm thirsty ¦]
Just bought your new song from iTunes.
nice tweet.
I was hungover until 1pm that day, then went straight to TOTS myself, and asked my ex gf to be my girlfriend that day. So special.
This one is for my kids ( and husband) ...so true!!
I love randy travis. Country legend! Forever and ever amen.
Happy mothers day boo. Give the babies a kiss for me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> RT : Happy mothers day
Mostly the contrast between NFL/NCAA
you can borrow mine. I have class.
": Did he really just tweet that to me????" Yes he did
saw #GirlwiththeDragonTattoo last night - pretty good, although definitely disturbing
I'll file a request! I'm working on that team now.
“: Why are there packets of Mayo in my purse?? I have pictures to show you why.
Only if you have your gun with you.
if u email melissa I can add u to our email list and forward u the deets
Friday – Day of Tragedy Rev. Randy G. Vaughn of Port Arthur, TX I hope to see you at noon!
Come back
The Big Cabin in the Woods
'young adult' was good “: Any great movies out now that we should try to see today (adults and/or teens)?”
A pen and paper, stereo a tapa, me and Eric B. and nice big plate of ..FISH..which is my favorite dish..
Even though it's different now, you're still here somehow.
hey love you wanna hang out today?
We are getting REAL ambitious with this church music
I wanna hear jc talk on the radio.
ILL NEVER CLOSE MY EYES AGAIN!!
Thanx!! Burton Baton is on its way.
They routinely pull up and sit in front of our house to catch stop sign runners in our 'hood. Same feeling. :-)
act like a lady, think like a man is legit the best movie i've ever seen
I agree!
Above all - try to think about sorts of public functions that libraries continue to play. A form of socialty.
: If you could pay your A insurance bill via text message - would you do it?
chevy cruze - it's new to the US...what do you think?
wahh rain go away
Lightss Down Low , Time 2 Get Naughty , ;))
Thanks to Cari Guittard for her words on #GlobalEngagement + #CitizenDiplomacy RT Say it square, then add flair.
#Troll2 doesn't affirm your creative failure.
For best results, the ADA recommends that you replace your toothbrush every 3-4 months. When¡¯s the last time you replaced yours?
is that pie on the plate? ;-)
Music is going Great! About to hit the studio to record some original music.
The beach <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT : I don't know why everyone hates Corpus, I actually really love this place<U+2665>
next is motorcross dirtbike it this saturday
RT : Neg emotions might be stronger in the moment, pos emotions win out over time bc they let you build on what you have...
my collection of tour shirts!
One of my biggest problems is that a PDF link is running over into a heading and I cannot separate the two no matter what I try.
Amazing films, the three of them
don't you know hipsters love slushies and big gulps?
Needs to buy daddy's present!!!
Little girl in the laundry mat spittin Nikki M. lyrics with all of the curse words & the mom is yellin @ her for not sittin down #puzzled?
and Don Alcott are just about the best dinner companionss you could have in Boston at eleven. Trust me.
I am a mother. Today is my day.
Keep it low and slow homies.
Kay One <U+2665>
Is still talking about his shopping experience?
The best promotions are those that give you your own cushy parking spot
me to!! haha
Landed that bartending job? You aren’t done yet! Familiarizing yourself with the bar early will make you look like a pro.
RT Congratulations to the men of on their chartering banquet this weekend!
my new single is released this week. I can get you an MP3 if you like. Just email me at .
The current gospel has become a gospel of sin management. Transformation of life & character not part of redemptive message: Willard
so far a much better day today!
yuppz, and do you think i should write more chapters?
Watching sixth sense! mehh:(.
I can saw them everyday at school , cause they like chatting with me at school ^^ haha some guys r so handsome but not my boyfriend haha
"He is not here; he has risen, just as he said."
That's a #Giants TD.
RT : :-):-):-). I've got exciting news that you guys will find out soon;-)!!!!! Go tell us!! Don't tease us please!
Saw Captain America Oh I mean The Avengers for the second time but I wasn't high so I could focus this time lol! I loves it. Chris Evens <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Power remains out at Ott ES & Luna MS. is onsite now. All children are safe and will be fed lunch. No plans for dismissal.
One of my fav episodes of P&T's Fool Us---when Canada's world champion magician Shawn Farquhar really blew them away.. A great TV moment!
84 degrees today. Wow.
check phone<3
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
I read it on examiner.
face down ass up
This is
No badda with no new shit...You have to finish what you have started. And no text and drive, you must put the cell on pause and enjoy life.
The world burns while our leaders fiddle. x
At home chillin¡;)
Watching Americas got talent and I'm not really impressed yet. I have no room to talk though lol :)
I can and I will. -Khaleesi
congratulations to Jeannie L. of Darcy Bonner and Associates LLC (Chicago, IL)! You are the winner of our Neocon Ernie Table Raffle
Some little kid just said "Peace out niggas." our bus drivers black! HAHAHAHA.
Sorry to see your outstanding series end. As a Govt pro, I loved the campy portrayal of the Intel Community. Great 5 years.
#streetshit well of course I smoke mad weed I'm on my high horse!
#HonestyNight if i wasnt in a relationship i would have been moved to another state
If i have two accounts, and I change the new one to my old name, does everything transfer?
Oh yeah, I heard a #joke today! What do you call a #black guy on the #moon? An astronaut you #racist #bastard!
hi sweetie!!!
that kiss doe....
LightSquared teams with Soundtracker; PlayBook drops to $200 Quick news from around the Web. : Windows Phone Marketplace in
Spreadsheets love you. RT I love spreadsheets
i took a nice long nap :)
A ray of sunshine, a balmy breeze Are a gift from God above, And He also gives us faithful friends. To warm our hearts with love.
hi edward!!!
Damn boo.i was sleep like shit.i b having to get up early and shyt.u betta call me tonight tho tank head
Civil Rights Digital Library (GA) as of today partner w/ 130 organizations
Leave it to me to forget such an important and exploitable fact.
Jus left schl i gt nun to do
We think alot of GT's playmakers this season will be young guys who haven't hit the stage yet. Congrats to Mr. Peters.
Use it baby. “: Using hoot suite thanks to
Would U Rock Our Gear If We Sent U Some?? Let Me Out
where the fat girls at son??? I got 2 chunky ones on speed dial we need 3 more!!!
gr8 convo with and about fashion, style, pricing, thrifting, accessories, vintage, shopping, and swagg yesterday!
Thanks for joining me this morning. Good luck up north!
I hate to be critical especially concerning children, but it is "fruited" NOT "fruitful" plain. Seriously.
So sick of school.
Just wanna throw congrats from 100 words and running to this... your such an inspiration homie Ohio truly looks up to you
The original Dance Moms is so addicting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> even though the moms act so childish <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
We now have a separate account just for our FIT fans! Check us out at !
THAT'S WHY I LOVE YOU!
Thoughts on the BlackBerry Mobile Fusion announcement? Step 1 of BB becoming an enterprise software play only?
Derrrrrrrrp, I have a meeting at work tomorrow. But I have "Saturday School". Maybe I won't go.
The bordetella? I had something in my nose but it was for something else I think.
*the look*
thanks for the RT! :)
Aventura mall with Ashley (;
Dallas won, give em credit, shut up about the Heat already
Wishing Everyone A Beautiful New Years this coming 2012 With lots of LOVE And many opportunities for everyone to Enjoy
Attending due process state training....boring:-(
Thanks for the info!
I'd hate it if it was 5x a day, but since it's over 10 it makes me wanna move to Canada or something
I had no idea Nicole Kidman was born here in Honolulu. You learn new things everyday. Thanks FX DVD on TV. So informational
It's unfortunate that many science oriented disciplines charge so much for publications. Things need to change desperately.
and we just got back from the San Diego Christian Business Expo too. The enemy is trying to shut us down. ain't gonna happen!
we just go done we will be from 2 to 7
hows things going w your company?
Smile fellow Tweeps, it's #FRIDAY!
Just finished practice for our drummer is playing hurt. Should be interesting
Has your employer requested or required that you work more than forty hours per week and failed to pay you overtime pay?
I approve RT I would kill for the Nats crowd to just start chanting "Let's go Devils!" right now.
I'm a superfreak !!!
#Shoutie to I love your bio, and I ate some of it :3 -oops-
Yes! It was nice to meet you as well.
I think clo is pms'y
Big free throws
haha good thing! Twitter won't let me dm you my new number
I'm for suing ESPN for allowing "Around The Horn" to remain on the air.
If you're in #elpaso tonight & want to hear one of the greatest hard rock chicks ever, go see Kat Tyler at Hidrant at 9 pm
They will choose the people and write the info. Most said they like having them up around the room this year. Need more.
That is the sad state of affairs we find ourselves in...
The annual state renewal of the Dream Farm corporation (to become not for profit) is currently due. Please contact
Love Football and Baseball all at the same time!!
Your capacity to lead is directly related to your capacity to grow #CLA2012 Mark Miller
Oh ya uindy softball. Keep it up!!!
When the number 1 power starts wars all over the world and even threatens its allies if they don't go along.
Laker time baby
Yeah he just needs to be himself. He won't win the fans but he will still get respect for being the best player in the league
that's right, Kristian Berg at is collecting ideas and they'll decide what to include this summer, I think.
we saw it, too!
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still. -Chinese proverb
Oh haha! Well that sucks !
I've seen 9 dead deer carcasses this morning. They are losing the fight.
loved him as Burt!
Yeah that's yo baby mamma but her numbers in my Android
"Now I'm just an ordinary blue collar slob, but I know what I like on tv!"- Homer
You could take the train to Richmond.
Can it be summer break again , please ?
Met Camp Coyote dweller who was against the Yale Park move. He reasoned it's not freedom of assembly if you have to fill out paperwork 1st.
It's 2 months away, but I'm really looking forward to my #Maine #vacation. Seriously needing to go off duty.
Google Places is your budget planner: it provides you with a price range so you can easily bring enough money with no worries.
Contrary to what Brenda told the electrician, she and Jan are not sister wives.
Thyroid article by Dr. Beck www.ftl.naturalawakeningsmag.com/
your new ringtone on my phone is Radio. My default is Telephone :)
Odor, as well?
Latest twist in the AQAP bomb plot story is fascinating. US intelligence monitoring from within w/ a double-agent informant
"but darlin' you are the only exception..."
Woke up to a bulb randomly falling from my bedroom fixture, bouncing on the bed, scaring the cat, and shattering on the floor. That was odd.
Wasn't that the Grateful Dead's biggest hit? Food Truckin'?
some moose tracks for real! (:
lady gaga=awesome,beyonce=amazing,pink=spectacular
had to have been ... just let it happen
Chilly but beautiful. Great morning for Golf with the Boys!
In Thee Middle Of Nowhere I Just Feel So Alone -nicki
It's so hard not to be in DC right now. I have to start tagging along with !
#WhenAustin asks how our day is.
I like my Hauppauge but there's another out that looks hot an actually uses HDMI cables instead of composite.
Is every girls favorite color purple now? Wtf.
lol - I love blonds but he is just too much. Plus his name is creepy. Its like he is from central casting destined to do weather
can't wait to see you at the end of this month! Love ya babes!
There's a lot more to writing blowjob jokes than admitting to a bunch of people you suck dick. You actually need to have sucked some dick.
#jhudc how do you stay authentic in SM?
J. Ivy is quite possibly THE coldest lyricist of our time.
gettin ready to hit this block forest ln. @ audielia
My pleasure! Thank you for everything that YOU do! :)
When all your practices get rained out.... Smh
Best Prices in Miami Call The Shave Barbershop N Find Out 305-866-1940
Let's get some runs. Jesus.
Had a great 1st day at #Tcamp12. Looking forward to tomorrow!
I'm relevant ten years from now.
Unbelievable 2 months Ben! You made it even more exciting + nerve racking. Well done & congrats lads!
Meeting with the South Austin Dems!
Can't wait for TV Party tonight at !! 10pm sponsored by - you're invited.
I love everything he's ever done. he's an awesome singer and a great person
we're about to get shit on my Mother Nature. hold onto your asses people, it's gonna get sketchy up here.
i just gave my pet ostrich a bath
I did pretty well on that last test, I can feel it :)
Come down to One Up for Dance Party Monday!! Come show your skills on X-Box and Kinect. Win prizes and experience ABQ's premier night spot.
deals thanks for following
It is ok if he makes me feel giddy... that is what love is
Thx for the love! Enjoy your Friday!
Love so joyfully and freely given can never be taken away. It is never truly gone
Camping food has never been so good! Bridgford ready to eat sandwiches for an on the trail lunch. Check "camp food" at Outdoors Geek!
Breathe! Just gave my presentation on #AEPMobile at #ChartwellWMCI. Now I can sit back and take in all the other great speakers.
tired of all these rest in peace shirts da police suppose to protect us but they killen anybody wit a hoody and a Arizona lord plz save us
HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYONE!
I had a good Easter ever though i was alone. I hope everyone else did to :)
Hey Johnny, do you do the St Paul record show?
Limbaugh Flap Is Latest Proof of Talk Radio's Political Influence - Huffington Post
Hi cmic, thanks for following!
Yo your next shoe is gonna be $300 dollars??
Am I at a frat party or at the
Follow me?
That's your excuse? Why do you have multiple tweets to people talking about god and athiests? I can see it, dumb ass.
RT : Make your description appealing and use key terms.
nope not yet... so sad :(
SXSW rocked! Thanks to & Howlin Wolf for the great day - off to Houston for a St Patty's show 2nite
King Felix strikes out six in four shutout innings vs. Rockies. Must have thought it counted.
the question is what type of visits are they?
THANKYOU VERY MUCH!
racist ass ugly bitch.
Fuck everything and everyone!
10,000 people have 's back tonight. That has to be a good feeling.
Get it to VENOM Seattle tonight! birthday party and the last night for #FOLLOWFRIDAYS - OPEN BAR AT 10PM for 1 HOUR ONLY! 21+
Word. RT In 2.5 hours I could be a millionaire ...
did you read the news about the Encyclopaedia Britannica? We were just talking about this last week!!
Being a musician means you like attention. Some don't know the limit of attention tho
Good point. gonna have to pay attention to that. : )
Since i cant chew i have to let my cereal sawg...man i love chewing my cereal..lol
Shout out to for being in the military!! thank u
So , im about to do my hw ..
WebCamWindow T-Shirt Contest! Take a guess at what we're doing next. HINT: It's serious stuff. Tweet us your answers! RT Please!
I wouldn't dip it in the chlorine right away if I were you. How are you at head-above-water swimming?
Shit early in the morning & uncles truck will not start. Man is he pissed, he will miss the delivery.
any tips or articles for making business cards for actors? Thanks!
Well said : As a Pennsylvanian,always found the Paterno worship unnerving,as if it were a football program w/ a school attached.”
Sitting at Windows Cafe with , guy walk by and says "Your my candidate, your the best one running!"
aw such good times!
What fitness achievements are on your bucket list?
Hit up asap! RT : i need a logo quick as shit
Ju ju just like we own it... on a full mixing ravin for stay tuned ronnie rans! We run this town...
should be favorites for indy next year again, interesting to see who OC is.
lol I'm on the floor.
So what's a guy got to do to get off the wait list and into the party? :)
SHE WONT KNOW WHAT SHE LOST UNTIL SHE CAN NEVER GET IT BACK...
But we both know it's awkward that way.
Seeing kevin iscoa on the way home :)))))
I hope to talk to you at C&W about our shared research interests!
“ RT : Why would Ebanks take off his jersey? it's not even sweaty.”
Holy humidity! I forgot what this feels like. Hello big hair.
pahahaha I know the feeling
The Packers gave up a conditional seventh-round pick for Anthony Smith.
they are
I love anime, books, mangas, sleeping, German Shepherds, and money
Wait! It's still Christmas vacation! Stupid alarm!
ABC in Orlando is showing chick flick instead of and I am sad.
I'm stayin on my grizzy I'm a bonafide...
Good morning beautiful
Today is all about the Lawyer Dog :)
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do and you know better what the best for you... Goodmorining
i hate nosy MF's
Happy to see Epiphany hasn't become too commercialized.
follow me back!
How's the show? More pics.
If gas prices get any higher, I'm cutting a hole through the floor of my car and Flintstoning it!
Why is Packing so Stressful? -__- ugh.
Want the newest information about Imaginary Talent?! Go to our website www.imaginarytalent.net Its updated almost every two days!
I think the A's will be blown away when the see a sell out crowd since they can't get those at home
The sound of clickety clacking knitting needles is strangely satisfying.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
We are more often treacherous through weakness than through calculation. ~Francois De La Rochefoucauld
stevie wonder + prince : concert of bercy 2010
I spent most of the morning looking for my phone...
Haha mine too!
Tonite it's gonna be crazy ! At Phuket Ron browz performing
If everyone is thinking alike... Then somebody isn't thinking.
1st floor tix for scissor sisters at HOB already sold out :( womp womp
Just finished my research paper :O ...tired
a gentle reminder that this is Fla, where almost nothing stays under wraps.
Does anyone know if "TweetAttacks" is a legitimate Twitter App or a spammer? Thx.
I feel like I need a after that lunch.
Do what you like
Any kind of potato chip or fried food is bad for you? WTF!???
Damn, the Hawks got rolled...
the night has started :P
Isn't the cutest? We need a cougar on campus, that's all I'm saying.
My nana takes her wig off when she gets drunk
It's time fa some good ole fashion seafood gumbo! thanks momma!
Tip #118: 3b, 4b, 5b, and 6b'ing light is an art form that takes a lot of practice. It is completely unnecessary in low/mid buy ins.
Welcome to the game Jordan Taylor #Badgers 32-29
i dnt play games but if i happen to be into one burner to his melon jus my version of temple run
Brain is in overload trying to follow both!
Hope you enjoy Takeout & Delivery! Keep us posted on what you think
Great game last night, especially
Damage to my car tripled and will take twice as long to fix. If I find the woman who did this
Ice cream would be lovely rite now :)
Join us on sunday April 22.. from 6-9pm at the Market Square.. we will perform live.... Fiesta San Antonio 2012
When I have kids they aren't getting Sprint.. God I wish I would've switched to Verizon <U+E40D><U+E421>
"6. It will cost between $20M and $25M to leave the ACC -- we have no idea where that money would come from." - #FSU's President Eric Barron
See you there! RT : Prairie Love is so excited to spend next weekend with you. "Alabama" is coming to town!
Bounce Exchange will create a better user experience & more $ for publishers by monitizing bounce traffic
I failed :(
Another surreal #pdx moment seeing Menomena on Jimmy Fallon moments ago!Huzzah to Danny for representing the #blazers. #menomenaut #rctid :)
Did any states besides Colorado try to pass anti-busing/school deseg constitutional amendments?
hybrid? & so far they're gonna take a bit to get used too lol super thick!! Lol but nice..
Let me be clear! Grace produces bold, passionate, committed disciples! When you're preoccupied with Jesus you will not want to sin!
Hearings for Baltimore City Fire Department (5pm) and (615pm) will be broadcast live on
it's highly possible that we could be of assistance :-). Even for a browns fan. Will call you later today.
#icantwaitfor my chance to get my license!
I thought "Backstreets" Terry was a dude, too.
OCTI trying to go for round two, no bid support though....
yay!!!! Faction of fools!
in san Diego i lived there until I was 3 years old...then I moved to Seattle. Yup!
Thank you for all you do, and keep us in mind if you are looking for publicity.
#OWIF: I jumped the CTA turnstile and am trying to make it to Richard the Former Law Student's apartment. No sign of the posse.
Think you're reading too much into it-maybe he's just the primary policy holder/falcon decision maker? DP10 much more overt
wait ive already been There done that. They Love phuckin wit a youngstas mind forget that idea
Nice!!! I hope it's still there if I pass through
Great screening of "The Way" tonight. Got to talk to Emilio Estevez about our experiences on the Camino Santiago
": Guy: Bet you can't touch both your elbows to your belly button Girl: Yes I can *Does it* *Guy stares at boobs*"lucus _-_
Happy #RecordStoreDay! The line outside of M-Theory is around the corner of the block.
I'm so beautiful lol
Shot a 68 on Oakland Hills North Course yesterday. (Oh yeah, it helped to have three others in a scramble format to make this happen.)
"Apple Pushers". Great movie about green carts in NY, healthy eating, and pursuing the American Dream
Make sure you're checking out #PRSSA chat right now to connect with PR pros and students from across the country!
It will all work out in the end. And if it hasn't worked out...it isn't the end.
Im going to Hades if i sit by carmen again, lol its funny tho in church L>t(-.-t)
Wow! 250 million tweets per day. What's all the chatter about? What do you tweet most about? #whatsallthechatter?
: I knew I liked u immediately ! #smartass. : )
#Bulls tonight!!! Let's make it 2-0!!!
Anyone extremely sad at the moment since wizards is now over ? *raises hand* /': saddest moment of my life !
shut up!!!
Thanks for the compliments I'll direct message you my email addy
who is tamron?
Did u know if u stop moving ur lips it increases the chance of shutting up? :-)
you'll have to come to this great state and indulge!
#Dearmama I love you so much!!!!!!!
Humble yourself. Learn something today: "Arrogance leads to strife, but wisdom is gained by those who take advice." - Proverbs 13:10
Ditto and ditto. RT : Lurking on the #assnchat - Wondering what the topic is today?
Happy Thanksgiving to all!! Thankful for so much this year. I've never had such a lengthy gratitude list! :)
HEY BALTIMORE DUMPSTER DIVERS THERE IS A GIANT SONY TEEVEE ON WEST SIDE 800 BLOCK PARK AVE LOOKING FOR A HOME
I like funny guys. They're so cute
Bout to head to downtown houston!!
So I blocked P.F Changs but their spam still comes through.
I bet something in regards to CBA spinnin a anniversary special for Brass is doable. Just a hunch.
R.I.P. Dick Clarck!!!
great name. congrats to you and Brit and big brother!
Happy nurses Week!
The atmosphere at the studio tonight >>> I love my dance family so much.
#SpursNation, who ya'll want in the next round...Memphis or Clippers?
If only I had a photographic memory
getting ready for cali.
bet those are not cute
Just finished an awesome short with director Chris Dockens...today and tomorrow modeling with Live on Sunset and Glamorous Light
you're listening to the wrong country music!
At the vet with Barqs to find out why her tummy is sick. She is NOT amused! M & M are BORED and fur is flying. *hack*
Rolling out a new brand at Maestro - check it out at www.maestroelearning.com. temporary website before the big one. what do you think?
Good luck to you too! Keep in touch
your the cat's meow
Well this is a first....woken up by a minivan on fire on the street outside my room. Dont worry, I called 911 before tweeting.
Congrats to all the Panther Students graduating today. Cheers.
What Show ?
Clearly my sobriety causes faster twittering.
N da last person gets on my nerves wen she Call she just too much
I have thee most cussing family bless their hearts. Just F*Bombs galore smh!
Wedding Editing. x2
I know it gets hard sometimes, but I could never leave your side, no matter what I say.
keep carrying the flame!
never doubt the big 10...especially PURDUE.
Ugh, today is the day of the creepizoids.
Shout Out To All My Followers!!!! Thank You . Duane2U.
calm your panties now
Totes on Twitter?
Thanks for the RT!
you'd love Seattle - typically cooler up there
GET THE FUCK OUT SMITH! YOU COCK SUCKING PIECE OF SHIT.
Hey, Gun People! A question: if you knew that giving up your gun would bring a dead boy back to life, WOULD you? Yes or no.
The Bob Howard Toyota Tent Sale will be transformed after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Never to young to cuddle with your 2 week old boyfriend in public
Its interesting how my life has turned out. Wat if shannan was never born? Wat if I never broke my collar bone? Wat if I didn't go 2 seton?
I always cut my bangs uneven, and the only person to ever notice is my mother.
suck tht man dick n tha passenger seat
was it the two or four legged kind?
*heart-attack no76887458* ...
hey man! It's Weston from Auburn! Hope all is well. Check out our stuff!
I'm trying, but woe is we who teach English Language Arts. Our students don't write a single word. Proficiency based on bubbles
man I am not feeling school tomorow this is the time to start,
Guys, what does 'ratchet' mean?
The water must be infected for people to be turning without contact from walkers, only thing I can think of.
playing with google wave!!!
Had too much to read for far too long; new books go to back of the line. But I'll make an exception - , right this way, sir
nah, but I was in the building “: Was that you Fitz? I couldn't remember.”
what's going? Check out my music wwwkingbabajames.com thank u so much.
save me now cause im falling down...
Neighbor called me trash after disagreeing on a political thing. Before saying I was trash, he said "I believe in God" I'm praying for him.
Busy day ahead teaching at The Young Actor's Program at The Lee Strasberg theater Institute.
Testament to the fans RT : Interesting how many lawmakers start their #Vikings remarks this way: "I support a stadium, but....."
:-( that you don't feel well. Fevers suck to have. I hope you feel better quickly, so you can come see me! ;-) Take care, luv!
I sent it <3
That's not fair. I envy your social skills. My difficulty with public speaking for large auds keeps me away from leadership.
Paid for my first semester of college yesterday. Whew.
Shake your grove thing with Barry Manilow @ the Copa Call Me Barry
I'm not even going to weigh tomorrow. I blew it today.
That article cracked me up AND introduced me to a new term. #WinWin I'm good. Relaxing in Ft Myers, FL at the moment. How are you?
I got 4 days and the school still got my phone , dm me your number
To all the girls I've lubed before. Who travelled in and out my door. I'm glad they came along, I dedicate this song...
Just booked 2 jobs for next week. Good things come in 3's so I suppose I'm gonna have to kill that audition later... #imaluckygirl : )
You don't send a man to do a woman's job.
I NEED
Leontyne Price~ I am here and you will know that I am the best and will hear me.
#kids Heard Summer Nature Camps Registration at Heard Natural Science Museum & Wildlife Sanctuary, Wed, May 16 9:00a: Explore the wonders...
Congrats Kerry!! #onfire RT : YAY!!! !! SCANDAL renewed for a 2nd season! Thanks for yalls' support!
"Sugar & Spice." Season 6, I think. Caution: contains unflattering 80s wardrobe items. (Also: idiotic script.)
Fuckers stole my swamp cooler
They work for me as long as its not used everyday.
do u know how much u mean to me, I mean can u tell LOL
#Caps had lots more opportunities than the Rangers, and controlled the pressure in the 1st and 2nd OT.
If my boss(es) asked me where I was Tuesday and I said, "I don't know", I'd be under heavy scrutiny & on the verge of being fired.
Hate it when you make a really good dinner(rare for me) and u sit the plate down and hubby says his tummy hurts.
dude. I pick up after my dog.
Post a picture of yourself on Instagram. Lose followers. #toosexyforya?
thanks cuz...the shocks starting to wear off. It's blue day today.
finally! Waiting for Rep Buesgens' comments....how soon until he throws in "Members"
futuristic apocalypse short film
Good morning everyone...Coughing or have itchy eyes from brush fire smoke? Tune in to find out where the ash and embers are heading today.
Hey, I am in town from Tokyo for customer dev. and fund raising for Hope to see you while I am in SF!
Is it really better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all?
Helton is a god!!
lol I see n im moving to mesquite
": I love that "twitter toughguys" think that u care & they get a RT..stay in the "interesting" business w/ smart radio.
Tattoo night was AMAZING
He'll be a freshman nxt year. Wow he was 6 last time I saw him. #smh at my ddy
Be sure 2 check in on #FourSquare 4 loyalty & #GrouponNow deals
Sick of getting screwed over
just went in to get lunch
i don't want to sleep at all but i think i'm going to just because it's chilly out and i have absolutely nothing else to do
Hi benjamin, can I help? Feel free to DM me if you would like me to put you in touch with someone in support at Dell.
Early going 44 cappers posted with a cons in Un.76ers & Devils...Cons 4-0 yes and now 12-1 last 4 days..more to come
Vegas in 13 days I am excited
she still hasnt tweeted though :(
Haha, they're playing Best Love Song - T-pain ft. Chris Brown LOVE IT!
30 minutes to the art showing 'Her Grapes' featuring Chelsea Dixon @ Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar
Happy New Year! The mystery continues to unfold! www.rocketrobinson.com
your profile picture is smexyyy;)
RT : Peyton Manning will become the next quarterback of the Denver Broncos, barring unexpected snag in contract talks.
Gettng my hair cut later. Just remotely removed obsessing entity from stylist so I can relax unmolested while there. Really good hair cuts!
1/2 off bottles of wine tonight! No excuses, its heart healthy!
How do you top your baked potato, ?
pretty new picta
Happy Valentines Tweeters!
"all men are the same way" -webster. Words to live by Webby. Words to live by.
Good luck! I just NOW got mine back...
Thinking of -- hope you are killing it in your race today!
"Dear State of Maryland, next time I'll order Talisker. Sincerely, Seth"
Keep your enemies close - & the one you love closer
Almost time, sitting in car waiting for my signal. Omg amazing!
“The harder I work on my chess, the luckier I get.” Samuel Goldwyn
I'm prepping for tonight! Look forward to seeing you Saturday! :)
The moment you realize that you fell in love with someone you should've never fallen for.
#Cloud Computing is not a technology - it's an operations model.
Yep they are amazing..
Even when i dream of you , i dont wanna fall a sleep b/c i miss you babe , and i dont wanna miss a thing.
I might really cry :-(
come play ball on wednesdays at the YMCA on Sothwestern blvd.....mike jasper and dwan edwards play all the time
The clock says 2:00. But I read it as 10 hours till Avengers.
more like where's inspector clue so??
Hi ! Enjoy the tweets!
yes! We are planning on filming and posting videos. Where r u based btw?
Aww!!! Just saw the most touchin moment on you can tell rye rye is real!
Yessir RT : His slave name will always be Ron Artest
That was a fun game to watch, I think the mavs only missed 3 shots in the 1st
Aw I look you look cute... I mean we totally look crazy, but cute crazy ;)
No way! Actually there are lots of great usable band names being generated here. (I thought it worked for Rush AND Sigur Ros.)
Possibly! Either way I'm definitely taking pictures of it.
Where TRUTH doesn't reside, neither does progress. JT Gregory
For me life is continuously being hungry. The meaning of life is not simply to exist, to live, but to move forward, to go up, to conquer.
RT : Kids need to learn to put their ideas out in positive effective ways in SM. Not just throwing up images. model it!
Fucking did good on that algebra test c:
RT : Jazz fan? Join us for the chance to meet Bob Craig, the WRTI host of Big Band Jazz and Voices of Jazz....
I'm really glad you guys didn't give up on AVP, this new album is great! :)
thanks for the mention! Great to see our workshop on the big screen.
my girl just said she luv me wat do i do
Long day, late night Korean food here I come
I think your clothes selection is pretty decent!
RT : RT : To join in the Twitter conversation this weekend use #bookfest & #books hashtags. We can't wait 2 see everyone
Where Your Grace is your Favor will be also......
I know it's your b-day but no hula-hooping until that hip is healed. are gonna need you for the playoffs.
I'm gonna kill myself working every day this week...Saturday get here soon please
so pumped for D-Jam on Saturday!! Can't wait to have you back in #pittsburgh again! Thanks for makin it happen.
A dick has a sad life: His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his bestfriend's a pussy, & his owner beats him."
by about 10000, I'd say.
In one week I'll be enjoying Atlantic Beach. Give me sun, sand, and a tan.
I just want you all to myself.
People don't believe in me
When I try to look like a pretty little girl I can't, I find it really difficult, like I become dumb .-.
fuuuckkkk lmao dam I needed a haircut lol back when you was so cute with yo glasses n shitttt :p
Special thanks to Tim Waller on 's staff & Reid Adair of for helping us with practice at Bartow Arena today!
Alicia keys “: Who told Swizz he can rap yo?!??”
welcome back!!!
I was so pumped bout eventual Heat/Bulls final. Now the #NBA playoffs have lost their luster cuz of one injury.
Oddly enough, I think I've been to Qatar ... but I can't be entirely certain.
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Looking forward to seeing everyone this week!
I guess I just don't deserve it
We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing Sept 11? All proceeds will go to charity. Can you help with a RT?
Trying to work through this hangover with the help of Bon Iver.
Book me for a live PT/FT Balto/DC/SATRAD or for voicetracking worldwide to help make this pitch disappear.
Working hard as usual home by 6 couch by 630 and flyers by 7 so ready
You have the opportunity to meet people doing the same thing as you are from all different walks of life....
Least valuable stat ever? MT : Last 100 yrs, 3 horses w/ 3 word name won Preakness. Doesn't bode well for I'll Have Another.
You know how you and your friends are fighting over that guy? Well, he doesn't give a fxck, he's with another girl laughing at you lol..
yeah and I'm sure the QB has had nothing to do with that. Lol I think you're in for a pleasant surprise
Spending time focusing on customers rather then competitors - words from the wise. Come on out for our last session!
Loved LIGHT. Can I ask: what was structural reason for making Kearney such an antihero? It works, but I don't know why.
Right?! RT : glad to see the interviews were salvageable even though wasn't being very professional
Great win in game one, crew....now let's go Pack!!! Make this another perfect weekend in Wisconsin!!!
vegan it is!
Good night I'm outtie <U+E011><U+E011><U+E011>
If I make it through this day alive, it will be a miracle.
Bien sur! Do you guys have a favorite St-Germain & tequila cocktail?
"Dad is great! Give us the chocolate cake!" Makes me laugh even harder now that I am a father myself!
I agree. I really like the idea of a bit of food and conversation afterward too.
lol u gone be hella hot down there <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I want to go on a vacation...
There are those that support you and those that only pretend too. It's a thin line b/w the two, so pay close attention.
Fellow Forteans - any idea as to the possible relationship between the underground booms, the strange flashes of light and the weird sounds?
RT : Thanks for
Anyone else having issues with Popplet?
Morning morning! When is your favorite time to workout? Morning? Afternoon?
OMG Andrew Luck 1st overall?! who saw that coming?!
Dunkin: I thought, & retirees calling me think, AFSCME leadership at table for them. How do retirees who planned for these benefits live?
don't accumulate fake friends. they'll just tear you down.
Thanks Becker. Hope I make everyone proud.
too much going on...
In the middle of working laptop shuts down....ugh!!
could you make us look cooler please? Like with wigs or something?
Just be your self <3
Monday night football! Who is redeeming their $1 beers from bartab tonight?!
have u talked to DaDa
I havent fooled on anybody in a long time i think tomarrow is the day
nononono please don't do that... if you do that, then I shall send you present... or I just will anyway..what YOU want? :D
I enjoyed meeting you too, it's great to share learnings on non-profit marketing!
Clairmont Chung's W.A.R. Stories #WalterRodney was screened on Friday #bocas2012 -- Wonder what folks thought about it...???
I think its finally time to call it quits today.
Dear , I've obviously loved you for a long time, just don't ever change!
Good Morning! I hope everyone has a wonderful day.
#teamfollowback TEN MORE! I FOLLOW BACK <3
Live tweeting 's graduation: walk in took three hours already, a too religious invocation, and #LeePelton killin it
me neither.. I would be lost and confused lol
Don't fret, it's from the Tecate fire, 200 miles south of the border. (But smelling smoke always makes me jittery too...)
"Whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right." - Henry Ford (1863-1947). Good night yogis. Sweet dreams.
no joke, I read your tweet and changed my flight to stay an extra 2 days in Vegas. Can't handle snow!
Still no phone
Last thing you want to hear when you're shooting at night: Here comes the sun.
and the amazing sangria!
thanks for the tweet! Hope you like the app! Have you seen our others?
I can never tell if my tummy is growling or if my phone is vibrating
#homeland jumps the shark every other episode but I'm hopelessly addicted
Wow Disney cartoons suck now!
The smell of a candle being lit for the first time <U+2764> >>>
BBQ tomorrow during the Diamond Dawgs game in Winter Park at 1p. Proceeds go to Myers Foundation.
Thanks for the mention !!!
Welcoming Jeb Bush to our office today!
So ready for DC!!
Com on clippers
Need more beer.
Well I guess going outside at that moment wasn't the brightest thing in the world
Hey D, thanks for the timely tweet, I completely forgot it was starting tonight. Caught most all of it, gonna be a fun season.
no one is ever to old for pb and j man
That venue looks awesome! What do you have planned? Don't forget to verify a page!
G8: do your job to reduce the rising costs of #food and lets #END hunger!
The "If I Had A Gun" trend is NOT the way to start off a week!
(LIVE) re: Knowledge Stocks to Knowledge Flows "New model: need to learn faster, shift focus to ecosystem"
*scurries away*
Bunghole Java. Basic Broke-fest.
We could see a Patriots - Giants Superbowl rematch. Wow, I still have nightmares about the 2007 loss by the
All about the cheese I ain't talking rat food
TODAY 12PM in RM6304.01: Dagny Stuedhal on nordic digital media based approaches to participatory museums with youth groups
I won't. Started great & going well. Nice day out.
promo video later.
Look out Pittsburgh! Today through when?
#Kansas time of death, 2:48...in the first!
Is by far the cutest boy at the bar!
Sabathia trade. Made them a real team.
S/O to all the people who been gettin food poisoning from Cookout
We've pushed Megamind for so long it's crazy! But today our founder watched Toy Story 3 and almost cried. Can u say animated irony?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MC!!!!! ..little late to the party
me either sister! Makes me happy to know there's #one person I could always count on!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
just too giddy about everything here @ #2CB. we know we've been teasing this 4 a while, but we swear: new music VERY soon! And LOTS of it...
It's always something with you. Chill the fuck out.
Disappointed in my 100 but my 200 totally made up for it! Glory up to God
We didn't get a chance to this weekend, but are definitely planning on it.
I wonder if I am the only one who was never a huge fan of Barney and Robin....
thanks for the BOOM clarification, I thought it was someone's political career converging w/ reality!
Pho would be great. Soup in general would be awesome...are there any other places in SD specializing in soup?
I see an unhappy mother on my timeline. Smh
"you are graduating, aren't you?" "well yes but…I'm in the PhD program, I'm not going. I can get the diploma whenever."
thank you!!
This totally improved my afternoon.
Wow! My sweet Tiki, we both have changed a lot since our shared birthday of 1953 and have shared so much happiness. Mai Tai Love.
Having a serious Bob Dylan jam sesh and drinking tea
ha! wouldn't it be nice to always have someone else make it for you? mothers day everyday!!
I hope you have a great one too!
This game is nuts!!!
I was wondering about War of 1812-era Baltimore images...anything I might recognize?
they have one-it's word for word; doesn't always translate well but it's
Of course 5 mins aftr we sent evryone home the power came on! Happy Monday everyone. It's 1/2 priced wine nite.
i'm totally attracted to that phantom of the opera marksman from Boardwalk Empire. Also S. Buscemi gets so much tail in this show.
I can't sleep Mann
thanks for the
Awesome move!
Started judging the 2012 SIIA CODIE Awards. Amazing products out there!
NEW Spring SAT Prep classes will start on March 5, 2011. Call us to register today!
Life is a chess game.
Church, church is good!
Thank you Deanna!
Do you know what Lemetria is...? Do you know what Cargan is? ;)
Be thankful for the small blessings, like your health and food, someone is not that fortunet today. Appreciate the forgivness of Johova...
Great to see & on with on discussing #racism of
haha my mom was singing What Makes You Beautiful for a while. wuut
What you learn from Pinterest: any odd, frumpy 80s outfit looks awesome with Instagram-like filters on it
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.......THAT'S WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL <3
Power outage projectors won't work
Remember when Mizzou lost to Norfolk State? That was awesome.
Hey, World Lit student. Please let me ask my professor a question about my grad class. It is important.
#ItCuteWhen I see my body has become stronger everyday
Tonight come to East Meets West BookStore for the Weekly Music Box Series with us and 8pm. $5 Cover. 934 mass ave Cambridge
Happy and healthy new year to all.
moms house ill text you her address and time
I Want A Twix
So sleepy :/
writer to > on 2nd hour- "I'm thinking u play engelbert humperdinck in an interpretive dance extravaganza..."
If you stop typing the screen begins to go red, then you get a pop-up shouting at you, noises, it starts deleting words...
He said another option was no line bifocals. I'll pass on that one.
:] yea! how about you?\
uncharacteristic statement. whats wrong?
#Knicks have to get back on there knees
Hope everyone had fun at Cinco de Mayo last night, but get ready, we have Beer Ball this afternoon! Beer, Pizza, Kickball, it's awesome
First haircut 1993?? Ah damn I'm gettin' old. I was getting my hair cut in '93...when my girlfriend was pullin' on it!...
I am more of a tropical island kinda gal lol bit Ireland would be nice lots of history there castles etc
SMILE:) its almost the weekend
Laughter Against the Machine was AWESOME. THANK YOU ALL for the work you put into the show! Looking forward to the next time!
RT Please. I need 10 more followers to make it to 100. Send to all your friends and other young artists.
blah blah blah inspiring quote
Taking a day at the house. Technology makes it easy to be productive and have fun,from anywhere
More social media loud mouths angling for freebies seems like likely outcome of Klout's rise
happy mother's day to my mama!! love you so much mom!
Soccer man.
lol dexter i thought you were going to sleep!
which one is you?
haha there are NO hot guys in my school not one -.- i hate school!
Johnny Ace should mention John Cena's recent divorce just to get instant heat.
"The little things are what life is all about, Search your soul and learn to appreciate."
It's so cute how fish just can't contain their excitement when you cuddle them.
your video sure makes me miss Ithaca's gorges!
Fudruckers for late lunch early dinner. Yum
FEMA grant achievement unlocked. Bank account looks better now
Where have you been? No studio?
understood that I did that off my phone but at least i had to pull mine out of my pocket because I had been talking to someone...
Everyone Follow her! :D
I also loved that Weaver was singing along to Hit the Road Jack.
I. Am. Dead. Tired.
uh YEEAH. will do!
Had a wonderful weekend getaway with my family this weekend! But, now it's back to reality! :)
I LOVE Movie Night in the White House!! Tonight we watched Shaft, Friday, Boyz in the Hood and Mrs. Doubtfire (Michelle's choice).
- bring it "home" tomorrow!
#quotes Kids go where there is excitement. They stay where there is love.
why don't you click your heels three times and go back to Africa.
thats awesome! :) I have my fingers crossed for you!
I disliked the epilogue of Mockingjay!! It totally went against everything Katniss wanted.
I love figs... in all forms.... They are the best! Fortunately for me, I'm the only one in the house who agrees!
umm... tools or intros ?
What can I say? I am the gubmint's ever-faithful servant.
Happy Easter 2 the victorious cast! , + every1else
give me a call stranger lets hear about this flick
I think im stuck in so.e weird space-time vortex. It cannot already be 2:30 pm
not the answer I'm lookin
What are you excited about this week?
my first baseball game ever with Ian Stewart
not my fault you been shady as fuck.
#VoicesILove *** Gilbert Godfrey
bye bye streak
Feels good to be in the vill with my fam...
I don't know if it can make a difference, but I will not follow anyone like As a Buddhist,we are all accepting,unlike her!
Simple, don't leave lol ": Dunno know what I'm gonna do when I leave...this woman is literally my other half. #blessed"
This is why I don't take naps.. I'm wide awake and with nothing to do.
What a beautiful picture you have painted using words. I can almost hear the birds and feel the mist.
Reading about
If your out to scottsdale mentio yeager at the door at cream for a free drink on me or vip bottle serivce on me vip text me 480 233 5463
We're looking for some independent landlords that are interested in test-driving our new landlord rental system. Retweet this if interested.
Well hello Mr Early. RT : Don't bother me when I'm dreaming, don't bother me when I'm dreaming!...
Prescription glasses can make you look smarter, but vomiting due to a headache from wearing glasses you don't need. Makes you look stupid.
SO ANYONE BESIDES US SUPER EXCITED FOR THIS MUSIC VIDEO DROP, NEW MUSIC DROP, AND OUR NEXT SHOW APRIL 5TH!?
is gunna be my movie buddy this summer! :)
yup. Me too
Finally got the Blade Runner 5-disc Blu Ray. Geek out time!
#nowplaying "Believer" by Goldfrapp (which makes me think of )
Hello darling I see you!
He was hysterical. I wish I could have traded places with Sharon.
flipped to 1sttake, i thought espn checked their story before reporting n commentating on it ...... oh
Woke up from a five hour nap and not gonna move from my bed.
GREAT marketing Jet Blue! $4 from Burbank to Long Beach for #Carmaggedon. And now Bike vs. Jet Blue! #flightvsbike Only in Socal baby! =)
"I can't wait for the Pierogie Race! I'm gon' go nuts!" - idiot sitting behind me
Everyday is a good day when you run. -Kevin Nelson
very excited for tomorrow!!! #photoshoot and then a #callback for a musical!! :D
it's a deal! i'll "find" a credit card to use at homesense. see ya in 8 hours or so. ;)
If you don't know where you are going, you'll end up someplace else. Yogi Berra -
There's bad crazy that's irritating & grinds you down, & the good crazy where you kick ass and take names. Currently enjoying the latter
As if you won't be hearing enough Christmas music already this month. :)
No your siting your fat ass on the computer
that sounds like Ryan raburns batting average for the tigers
It's 67 degrees already this morning... perfect weather... just add sun. :)
seriously tough choice, Aaron. :)
Miss u so much! Can't wait to see you at 8th grade show case!:)
"Goal Setting: 1) Set Long Term Goals 2) Set Short Term Goals 3) Set Objectives 4) Prioritize the Objectives 5) Define and Detail 6) Do It"
Coda suggestion: Include parent folder name in titlebar of active file if another file is open w/ same name like Sublime Text 2 does.
Heartbreaking attempts by Roger & Collin both to get a goal but keeper stopped TWO and Collin got a face booboo. Then another miss!!!!
Happy New Year from the San Diego Goodwill- All our stores all over the county are open today- and donation centers
outside (: remember you told us about harley and all that ? And we were talking to the girl who got a kiss from madison ?
There maybe some heroes among us...
haha. Oops :p
Thanks for the mention!
Going to bellagio to play 5k
Bitchs On My Dick Like Walle
My son said:"You need help." So I told him he was right and I'll look for a sidekick (like Ed McMahon who will mostly just laugh jokes)
Info from Nelson Rutherford (Alten Sakai & Co) - Estate planning exceptions are currently $5 million, but go back to $1 million 12/31/12
Hello all. Have a great week!
They need Votto to go back to his normal self.
have to stay away! no bueno...
Premium Jazz starts in just a few minutes on wfsk.org from 7-8pm. Also heard on 88.1FM if youre in Nashville. #jazz #jazzin nashville
You know what's a good song? 2 Much Booty In Da Pants. Luther Campbell has that Ben Vereen quality. I can't put my finger on it.
I need something to doo.
love the pic :D
Get Phillip on Stern asap!!!!
Who is your favorite musician??
Hooray for good news!
I shutter when I think about it!
your so dumb hahaha
jimmy said to say 'thank you'...
3 works great :) any coffee shop is fine! Do you have a particular one you love??
"If I can't shake my tail feather, there's no reason to breathe. For real." - #MSNBC #LockUp I mean..... #yolo?
i fucking hate politics. but, i'm running for president in order to legalize gay marriage. god damn hippies.
fixed a couple minor bugs in the php library examples. did you see our blog on the new api library? bit.ly/oEB0Bj
Guess ill go to the studio since my girlfriend with her other bf
Thanks everyone for having on the show!
im jealous of you!!
Space heater, winter coats and hats, Arcade Fire, and working with
So is knocking MIlwaukee. That means is in town. Milwaukee's cool factor just took a big bump.
Game 2 in Miami #Heat vs
All I want is to bang a fireman #EMTfantasies x
yow i m jus chill with my cousin
SO sweet!!! RT " because she has a genuine heart, ambition, and passionate on things she loves: God, music, aggies..."
The idea we can’t debate abortion unworthy of a democratic country
"I am what I buy, not what I search" #ILMEast Not me! I am what I spend time & resources on - not what I buy & search, tho those are a part
Aww RIP Davy Jones! So sad :(
Ceiling and Visibility Unlimited
Good morning to our best followers! What’s your ideal breakfast goodies?
Keep asking reasonable, rational questions keep questioning the nonsensical and you will soonlose faith in all the mumble jumble
take heed
I'm sorry, but I just can't get down with this whole chia seed craze... esp.
Steak and mushroom mac and cheese?! What?!
LOL at girls all over the world going crazy over 's new photoshoot. I think he did it especially for his
Live show coming up May 18th in Sacramento at Fox & Goose. Stay tuned for details.
Oops, we meant weather
what r u talking about
Cool! I really like LA except for the traffic.
Sweet! They'd be crazy not to have you building Channels and social media for them!
Stay tuned...we're announcing the $100 gift card winner @ 5p.m.!
Homer understands everything.
Ooh, Linux 3.3 has been moved into [core]! Might wait a day or two though to see if people have any problems, though.
Will you be my gnarly super man hehe? ;)
#vsa2011 Interpretive designer: I think my role here is just to say I love evaluation. She got an enthusiastic round of applause
#6WordStories Time flies when you're being silly!
show them how to SquE-Z!!!
good answer!! Lol
RAP WITHOUT EMINEM GOES R.I.P
I'm 100% focused on earning petition signatures right now, but I promise full issue briefs soon. (BTW Collins won't.)
Congrats on the picture and autograph.... I guess you know that she got your letter...
If you were coming from the other side of the planet, with time to visit one place in Australia, where would you go?
A wonderful Binghamton woman has been bringing us home made meals 3x a day. Its been a rough few days but she made sure we 8.
starting to work on the plans for my next CD...going into studio this June....excited, challenged and INSPIRED!
It looks gorgeous!!
Let the wild rumpus start Maurice! RIP #MauriceSendak top 3 favorite books as a kid
OMG that's all I could say! We need the dash cam video!
is headed to Cooper's Hawk Restaurant for a Silverseas Cruises presentation.
looking forward to it! ^ AL
Come see with tonight at The End in Nashville!!!
Have you tried thinglink.com? Was thinking it might be a good tool for uploading CC images & adding interactive content.
Don't you hate it when you have that dream you are stuck in high school? I could have sworn I graduated, went to college, now an adult.
your cats love shredding paper towels & TP too!!? LOL
I love #summer weather!
Why did I put econ first??
Thanks for the info on Sports Drinks. Glad I've followed my gut on Sports drinks over the years. Never got into them much.
I think a bucket list for a baby was in poor taste, though I understand the desire to let the world know about their precious child.
#guiltypleasure I read celeb gossip sites regularly just to remind myself that even they don't have perfect lives
emms zach and cameron noticed me last night. Omg
glad to help! Let us know if you have any other questions.
Wait a minute we have school on memorial day?
Oil change & then off to work #Busy Busy
Good job Brett Myers of the Astros! Showing up Halladay on opening day so far. Roy is already out of the game.
i love zone it always works in nba 2k11 lol
Treasures and Temptations
YOU DID
thanks so much, kate! haven't stopped smiling. :)
We're off to a great start this evening for Spring Break Destination Education!
Dont sweat the technique.
Me & Shivan are sick. ):
Fuck the heat still #NYKnicks though. But now
Official merch site up now! Check it out, show your support! :D www.afterplayrewind.bigcartel.com
I is!
Belt holster: diabetic or douchebag?
#ConfessionHour It's too late for me to be awake tweeting at this hour.
I swear they're there!!! Are you looking in our photo galleries??
Senate Meeting day-look 4 the polos! Shiley Hall room 301 @ 4:30pm. We're talking with UP VP Jim Ravelli & taking up a health care Resol?
you bet!
We miss you in Portland Rudy5fernandez.
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we knew how to save ourselves from weremoles
Finally n this bitch I c hoes came n here looking n e way
whats your email?
A random Justin Bieber fan followed me on tumblr and is demanding I follow back. haha, block.
I feel you, you would think during hard times people would learn 2 appreciate...
So much studying :/
2 brothers bring 44 Thai Nationals into the US, force them to live and work under "slave like" conditions do not receive jail time?!?!?
how does glitter fall out weirdo..tf !!?!?lololol
Can't wait for audio from Tuesday's #SupremeCourt arguments on #Obamacare. Will a conservative justice's questions hint support for #ACA?
Goodbye voodoo chai!
No it was invented in 1916. I think it means with her fair skin/red hair she photographed exceptionally well in it
Agreed, Sunday was a disgrace!! RT : G.Karl: "Philly came in and stole one. We can't let G.S. do the same."
¤ Son always tell the truth. Then youll never have to remember what you said the last time. Sam Rayburn
Seems like my co worker cries every day!
thanks for the fave :)
They just tore down Center Street at Cathedral.
Haha, really? I don't see you like at all, maybe I have bad vision(x
Double cheers for you! That's great!
Home sweet home...RT Nice to have , and on the patio!
I am not Superman but SuperHuman. Think about~BAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER Becoming A Legend.
Today's question: What are you reading right now? Would you recommend it?
Who knew Kale was so good? Olive oil, sea salt, veggies with kale in a pan, a crispy delight! Ok, I'm stretching a little.
the favor is will u help me get 100 followers+ thxs
My mornings aren't complete without you <3
If Starbucks wasn't founded in Seattle, we would be celebrating a huge Sonics game 1 victory over the Lakers.
Wishing you a Happy, Healthy and Prosperous 2010!
I'm going to check it out right now.
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
Well, I'm glad I went to see Blink while I had the chance...
hahah that just made my day! :) you should make a batch <3
Well, we're hooked on them. We've partnered w/ Trophy Cupcakes for a VDay cake giveaway w/ ticket purchase in person this Tues!
what are you talking about?? are there posts on my twitter about wieght lose?? omg i got hacked...
excited to share your live streams with my son He was excited about added geekness Mom came home with.
Absolutely blindsided by Whitney Houston's death! Her poor daughter & family. Way too young to have left us.
#Yankees affiliation aside, I heart the Trenton Thunder! Stadium boasts a "bat dog" and played Skee Lo's "I Wish."
The world's largest chocolate exhibition will be in Brazil when I'm there. Begging the organizer to put it on the group agenda.
Thanks for the kind words!
FYI we will be OPEN Christmas day for the game!! And free Shepard's pie at halftime!!
fuck this hacker, omg. why hack tho? what has he ever done ? </3
plane tix round trip like $545 bus one way $137.
this seagull is in prison!
Thank you and thanks for doing an awesome job!
Thanks for the follow. Always glad to welcome another friend from Atlanta. GO BRAVES
Almost 200 followers! :D Follow me I follow back! :)
Get ready: starting this monday, we will be giving away $1,000 in boston restaurant gift cards right before our launch &
Make that two <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#Taurus got love for people who accept them in their many flaws for who they are.
End of the world my @$$! We got studio bookings all day in2 nite!
108 pitces for gallardo and he's done? Maybe Macha should start treating him like the ace.
Sitting here trying to think of something meaningful to say in one sentence.
Ireland vs. Australia, Isreal vs. N. Ireland, Trukey, vs Ukraine, and USA vs. Mexico gotta love soccer!!
goodnight my cute boy!<3
you are one cool dude :)
Montgomery, Perry, Russell & Tallapoosa Counties until 12:00 AM
man! well like someone told me it doesn't count against your fifteen minutes :p
yes! It is me, I know how to deep throat pretty well.
my b-day is in four days too :)
take a pic of the rubber bullet and tweet it. we havent been able to get a full confirmation of the rubber bullets
why are my neighbors playn the drums at 3 somethin in the morning!? wth haha they must be drunk
nice work on Tupac
Lottery ticket on !
I am glad to hear that you are having fun playing the ocarina. That is great!
There needs to be a button in the next GTA that makes dude put on sunglasses.
Cast of Mad Men on Inside the Actors Studio on Monday. Already DVRd it!
I am getting siked for Super Bowl Sunday.....should be an exciting game
get to work
I'm not an actor, but I stumbled upon your tweets and fell in love with you giving "one asshole's opinion."
AH I WANNA HEAR YOU
wherever you find your craft then ENJOY IT!
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister !!
Showing a friend the power o twitter. Check his band doing T.Waits' Rain Dogs youtu.be/celrfnaIY64 so he can watch the views rise!
saying the same thing from my bed.
Ok so me an my lil sis was play fightin an she told me take one more step and im going to kill u then she grabbed 2 hand full of pubic h ...
thanks, Isaiah! I appreciate the support.
aww u should rest a little its ok Justin;) love u. U work very hard
I need a vacation & a tan!
I'm always up 4 a laugh!!! Next game, um??? Tic tax toe~~~~I'm the X & ur the O~that'll go on forever!!! Lmfao;D hugs & kisses!!
Found a new hipster bar in Cincinnati. I'm in love.
tweets while she pee's on the sidewalk next to cats..
you're beautiful , I don't tire of saying it. I LOVE YOU! <U+2665>
Also, if you're not already, please follow You'll be glad you did.
We getting hit with some CRAZY weather here!
Yeah but if pooped on my floor I would for sure kick her out
What?? You wanna date me? But you're much taller than me and older I think. o.O
We were chosen as the charity to receive the proceeds from the event in #DC Awesome! Thanks to everyone who voted for us.
Song of the day: like a rolling stone by Bob Dylan
Just finished packing my closet. Did I miss anything important?
hey. dm me?! i gotta ask you something. thanks.
just got my #booatthezoo tickets for next week!
RT 3 reasons to watch at 10: GIANT fish, a lifesaving Mother's Day gift, & super cute pugs.
Thank you for sparing us! ;-) How about this? If our tweet doesn't add value, we don't post it.
Who wants to go to the #spa Ritz Carlton Dallas for discounted services and retail?? Buy a Beauty Pass and you can! proceeds go to YTAC!
Vacations almost over :|
To make one raindrop of water, it takes approximately a million cloud droplets
Just started following They share great landscape photography. Check them out and follow them too!
Thank you for the laughs today Meg. Wow that tumble was something else.
My efforts are without gain.... Time to let go and smile at the pain </3
Argh. Just found another calculation error in my final exam grades.
I love jeremy #AI but granny said he shouldn't cry like that!
you do realize you spelled 'horan' wrong, right? i hope so.
Hated it.
Warning : I'm dangerously falling for you.
Manual disk partitioning guide for Linux Mint Debian
Morning #uppers. Got my "UP" cup, modest mug really, of coffee and I'm ready.
I've never been this nervous before
Not feeling that good... Took mii shower so ready to lay it down...
I'm so bored at work, its dead today.
One of the places I taught in was named Left Hand, WV. Wonder how many of those there are around?
Bionic Frog just came in, come out and try a 100 point wine from Cayuse!
#DWCdc students are out filming and snapping photos around the campus. PR class is off to this afternoon!
;-) RT : You guys, I'm gonna play with that ouija board tonight :o I might die so yea....
um, Drive IS real life subject matter. Have you ever spent a day w/ me???
Disagree if you want.... But In my opinion, "The Wiz" is the best musical works that this world has ever seen.
My XU in Sweet 16 doesn't look that ridiculous now.
im literally copying and pasting lol
60% of the time it works every time
YOU'LL NEVER SEE ME AGAIN & I WAS GONNA CRY FOR YAH
Looking forward to today's Museums and Mobile conference
#AIG a good buy? hmm uncle sam getting rid of junk, sure hope that balance sheet is correct
Make it count! Please don't lose business because ppl leave your website with the wrong impression of you or your brand.
RT : CBC is posted at the #JustInTimeCareerFair at BU today! Learn more & check us out!
IT MEAN THE WORLD TO ME JUST TO HAVE AMAZING YOU TO FOLLOW ME IM SO PROUD OF U PLEASE FOLLOW ME TONIGHT UR AMAZING ADOABLE <33
And a great new strawberry cupcake you can now add to the mix! :-)
you know how I feel about chilly weather...ugh.
I'm pretty sure I was turned away from a doctor today because they misunderstood my health insurance. I call this
It's not about forcing happiness, it's about not letting sadness win.
got it, thought ya were gonna say Romney......
maybe one day when you put effort in to meet me
Lying in bed with a stranger and 40 people watching. Pretty sure this is what my mom thinks I do on a daily basis.
Violet just told me her hair hurts so she needs to go to the doctor...
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Meme Omogbai, upcoming AAM board chair, is guest speaker at EdCom lunch.
A % of all services in October will be donated to Susan G. Komen Foundation. Call 206.264.7901 to make an appointment today.
I have sweet, longing fantasies about the moment on Friday morning when I get to switch the alarm to OFF for the weekend.
when does your new music come out? I want the c.D and i'll everyone to buy it like i did for #alltherage <3
Nice work, brother! Everyone at is proud of you.
World Peace should go to the UFC with a elbow like that.
Always!! See you next week.
for what?
Yeah!!! First run of the game/season! 1-0 #Cubs!
Lovely evening w/my Love, Enjoyed the house Red at, of all places, Olive Garden! Maybe the best sweet Red I've ever had.
(Alfred Lord Tennyson) To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.
pink dolphin? What's that? But i like pink :) lol
#3WordsForYou That is MAHOGANY!
Hit the upper body HARD w/ multiple vertical/horizontal push/pull combos, then finished it off w/ a bball specific Core workout!
Are you kidding me? It's what makes them interesting people! :P
what about ? He's ur friend, but had been in the industry since the 90's...
THANK YOU FOR BEING CONCERNED AND SENSITIVE
I'm surprised the UCI still allow them RT #Romandie Wiggo 9 secs behind Sanchez just off the blocks. Obligatory breathing strip.
Good for you... Then you need to stop hating on those with whom you disagree.
OUR SERVICES INCLUDE: *FLIER'S *BANNERS *CD COVERS *BUSINESS CARDS *WEB DESIGN *PHOTOGRAPHY *PHOTO SHOOTS
I was playing the harp in a dream last night. Such a beautiful instrument.
Thanks! You will get one on April. ;)
not sure....what time did I talk to you? Lol.
See you there!
In the city, you can be anyone you want to be
your mama shouldve swallowed that load! lmao!
Some likes on Facebook are so not realistic..I think its sum kind of Like App for all of des outrageous likes for example 125 for an ugly
It's a beautiful Saturday down here in Fort Lauderdale. Hope everybody have a fabulous weekend!
Is it just me or when u listen to music u feel like ur life is a music video to that song?
I'm a little bit jealous you get to go there. Its always been a dream vacation of mine lol Have fun and soak up the sun!
Just because you can't fix it, doesn't make you a failure! [let that sink in]
Late night workin. Don't nothin come to a sleeper but a dream.
RT : "I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
<U+2665> PEOPLE ..LET'S BEGIN TO EMBRACE THE POWER OF LOVE <U+2665>
who's talkin bout me?!
i act like this when im bored
Why don't my hamsters like me!
Red Bull gives me wings... LOL, JK I'm already pretty fly..
Current Lawmakers wrote 2000+ pages of "HealthCare" Reform. If they were alive in 1770-80s would find no place at the table. Devolution
Saw 2-27's post. I go 2 WSC @ DuPont. I could meet up w/u at 530-6AM sometime for motivation :) I'm trying to do AM's too!!
Follow me (:
I remember thinking it was cool when the cassette player would automatically play Side B without having to be flipped over.
really? because im pretty sure that one dani is female and the other dani is male hahahaha
I was honored to be the 1st on your #Genealogy List. Welcome to Twitter. Looking forward to your NM Gen Soc Info.
Thanks everyone for your votes!
Nice to take the day off!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool if only i could freeze time....
Too many shows at once #sceneproblems RT : Can't wait to see & crew tonite in #RVA!!
Grandma : 49ers are some pigs me : smh granny its football lol
we're not weird, we just like to dance!
Have you heard of ? He's in a band, answers back to fans..oh and did I mention he's cute? Go follow him!
Just a few more days till our show December 4th
If Kei walks out with "HeartShapedHands" on his jersey tonight, my brain will explode
Thanks for the follow looking forward to your tweets
thanks for the shout out. I will be helping for his event!
Real Classy Mia<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> way to represent your genre of music!
We're an award winning service provider and work to be the best in the business! Call us for your courier service needs!! 281-953-4048
If Michelangelo was black, Jesus would look like George Jefferson LOL
You are the BEST!
just working at a radio station its amazing!! I love it! You excited for the weekend? X
did he send it with your account? I only see your DM
Everyday is full of surprises, challenges, and changes. This is how life gets its flavor. :)
Sometimes wanting is more pleasing a thing than having, it is not logical but often true - Mr Spock
Oh decisions decisions
#quotes I think that only daring speculation can lead us further and not accumulation of facts.
WHY ARE YOU WEARING FUCKING TAPERS? ESPECIALLY AT A FUCKING 00!
The feeling when someone let's you down <<<
First of all there should be no meetings. Meeting for what? People need to get off their butts and vote. Demand. Yell.
It's my birthday !!!
Ask Tony LaRussa's daughter.
Everybody unfriends their mother-in-law on Facebook occasionally, right?
Strategic Vision. What can you do in 90 days, 900 days, 9000 days? What do you want to leave for the next gen? Shaffer
Thanks! Great skies tonight.
I'm going to send you a mail-order squirrel one of these days.
hello lil sis! thank you so much for the shoutout~ hope you're having a jamestastic and maslowriffic day :) love ya <3
u should one day it's a bueatifull place
Aww...thanks Jon!
Congrats ladies! RT Our We're thrilled to be working with the heavenly
I shine like a
This junkie hiding something
Oh yeah, I'm not saying anything about the sustainability of this success, just pointing it out.
Multiple videos playing at once is sometimes how my brain operates so it's neat to hear it all play out
My "once a year husband" arrives from England tomorrow!
finshed filming ma first video on ma channel :D will edit and upload after I nom.
I will do my best. :)
last retweet is exactly what i've been saying all playoffs
Thank you so much Mohammed :) You deserve it. You tweet amazing to everyone and ! You're legendary :)
#MarchMadness Long beach brought some loud fans. Team needs em. Low scoring first 5 mins. Band playing Lady GaGa
Totally crushed my 'bliques & wrenched on my traps last night @ snap fitness. Feelin it today. Bro.
Whenever I'm texting an ICONiac and my mom wants me to invite them over I tell a sob-story about how they moved to wherever.. Lol.
Creative minds think alot
Gilbert was recently honored as our Manager of the Year!
In the spirit of Thanksgiving be sure to bring a non-perishable food item to the 11/16 Social Media Breakfast Madison meeting.
Lord help me avoid the candy, each time I stop by a hoppin' party. I want to feel and look my very best, so rabbit food is what I'll digest.
Thanks to everyone who made our USFA fund raiser a big success!
Jake's favorite pick up line: "you like bass guitars? (wink)"
'Remember The Titans' right now <U+2661>
On this day in 1905, Albert Einstein published his paper in which he revealed the relationship between Mass and Energy was E=MC²
Omgz it's been a while since I've been on here..... Hi.
'Feel free to build castles in the air, as long as you lay the foundation beneath' -- Mr. Cody Simpson xx
In OC permanently
recommends using #thrive to manage your Twitter presence - scheduling, analytics and more
Ah, since your arrival at The Troubadour I have wondered if you were returning to Los Angeles this year? Hope so! :)
Going to work then off to Arizona!!!!!!!!!!!! WHOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOO Can't wait!!
If I were a man of sunny disposition, i'd say, "my first flight delay at age 37? That was a good run." But you know me--I like to bitch.
Kaytal: no other industry is forced to provide services without payment like health care is
nobama has a backbone like a #ramrod and I promise you, the president has a #bigstick. I promise you. And I want to marry him. ~ nobiden
What u doin today
BJ with two solid carries..
LMFAO I DIDN'T KNO THIS EAS UR BACKUP ACCOUNT WHY AM I SO SMART
go to ur direct messages(under the person icon in the upper right corner) and go send message then a box will come up....
It makes me so happy to see your work on that list!
Everyone in College Station! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
vacation was great, my first cruise experience was a success. planning my next one soon! :)
Don’t worry about your kids being bored at the North Park Festival of Arts! We got you covered w/ the Kids Art Block!...
Shooting for Teen Vogue!!!
Thanks for organizing #YaleELC. Great work by the team.
Mango Lemonade + Ciroc Red Berry = 1 Great Night for 2... #Winning with
thanks love!!!!
Stair step your goals. Always choose to walk up the stairs instead of riding the elevator.
stimulating, pasting, fasting just active second person ask me y im crying within 5 hours i im not crying but i guess my soul bleeding
Thanks for your support!
Congrats to the Phoenix Coyotes...Pacific Divison Champs! #WhiteOutBaby!
Thanks for the S/O! ;)
I don't. He's not anyone important. If something happen to the ppl that matter or a kid then yes that is important.
My friend is the best for these headphones. My mac speakers do not do this #okaybitch beat any justice.
Had a fantastic time in Monterey! What did I miss in the music world?
ME TOO. Awesome. I watched it a couple of years ago (husb. hadn't seen it) and it didn't hold up quite well.
wat u do
Armchair General Managers: Eat a Dick.
That awkward moment when u go to wall mart looking like crap nd u see someone u know nd Ur like uh I dnt know you
Map app told me a bus was coming, but it lied. Alas, I had to spend an extra 20 minutes in the sun. (I did check my work email, though.)
awesome! thanks!
Im a mountain climber tryn to reach the top. God will be my latch just incase i slip i won't fall to da bottom
that's so random that blakes team won but they'll all get to where they want to be now so its ok
"that is that is that is square biz"
Did it scare u?
Day one on set shooting for an industrial. So fun! :)
Here's an early *Bienvenido al Sunshine State*! :) RT : Thanks. Nice to have that sun:) back in FL nxt wk, til the end of mo.
47% of adults get news on a tablet or smart phone.
I'm making a giant note for the starkids, tweet me something you want to say to clark, dylan, lauren, brian, joe...
Love the tough love.
what time do you get in?
Cool story babe. Now make me a sandwich.
Did you know e-commerce retailers constantly change their prices? #SURF resident forecasts price swings to secure the lowest price
Party must b wack RT : Like how are you partying &amp; tweeting .
President Clinton - "your job should not be a function of your loan payments."
needs to be in #SXSW It'd be tragic if #sxsw12 doesn't accept this incredible dococumentary film!
SO appropriate that my 21st birthday is on PURPLE FRIDAY! All I want for my birthday is a RAVENS WIN SUNDAY!
Yes. What time are you around?
I can't sleep :/ mane fuckkk ugh
Our loss is your gain! We'll miss the excitement Tim brought to Denver last season!
Nothing pleases me more than to read about your personal & musical growth via Twitter, Ms. Croom.
Lots of sad tweets tonight. It's like the great depression. Hope you all feel better soon.
I want to be on Reading Rainbow
i have strep throat and I still cry when I have to clean the tiny cut from my surgery that happened A MONTH ago. Am I 5 years old?
#FromThisDayForward i'm gonna stop worrying too much and just relax.
Ha! You had me confused about what had been proposed before. I think Utah is the only state to have tried a 4-day wk.
wonders which TV/Radio/Print in PDX will be the 1st to include "# of Twitter Followers" in a media kit
Smart move by Landry Jones. He needs another year. at OU. M. Ball is ready now but will only get better with another year at Wisconsin.
Personally think they will be good sticking to the affordable option that offers more creative promotions for fans!
So you arent on a team? :)
Jamie Moyer is now hitting his age, .182
#HillerHelps - Pre-Nuptial Agreements - a fiance willing to abandon the marriage has more negotiation leverage.
Thanks for the follow
Gin. Now.
Browser has odd habit of shifting focus for no reason. #kindlefire #fail But sub-pixel smoothing is really nice. Why doesn't iOS 5 do that?
We close today at 5 p.m. and reopen Sunday, Nov. 27 at noon.
Photo shoot with POP
They also say the student used names of the columbine hs shooters to send the threats via email. Details at 5 and 9
No discounts for men with hair issues.
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing. – Albert Einstein
awesome show tonight! You killed it!
I <3 meeting Offermation users. Looking forward to getting outta the office for just such a meeting later today :)
Bummer deal about TJ Ford's impending retirement.
Linsanity is taking over the NBA! Where did this kid come from? Fun to watch regardless, hope he sticks around
when have I ever did such a thing lol :)
#feels loved
oh I'm sorry did u try putting ice on it??
Aha! Today's currant scones are out of the oven!
The heal poverty we must get the picture of wealth in the minds of the poor. -Wallace Wattles
Major S/O to for her efforts on the WSEM fund raiser. Rave reviews from Mom. Thank you so much.
Happy Valentine's Day! What are your plans? What does love and Valentine's Day mean to you?
I know..I was just like wtf?!?
Watching speak on Social Media on News4 DC #DCTech - nice job.
Things I would rather watch than "America's Game: The Super Bowl: 1992 Dallas Cowboys:" TV Test Patterns, CSPAN.
I've been driving on the left side of the street lately. It's very European.
I want you to drop it , pick it up , n bring it back girl
Donated blood for the 1st time today. Did the double red cell donation cause I fit the requirements. It was cool seeing my plasma go back in
HEY Diva when are you coming back to the city of brotherly love? I need a night of soothing pipes!
Thanks for posting. I've signed as well as this is a great way to travel. Here's to Indie travel!
WTF, watching some cheesy high tension drama (fringe I guess) and I see they've poached Lt. Daniels and Amy Ryan lookalike from The Wire
Watching Food Matters with !
I've been working traveling complaining my usual self! ;)
lol, Tori I don't know Mikey, but bein' a fan or yours, he's alright by me!
20 Rules For Your First Online Date [EXPERT]
Hi Joe! Sorry for my lateness. I write on marketing tools (my business side) and transmedia, film and TV (screenwriting side)
they all seem like anarchists...
Hmm. When I hear the phrase "undoing gender" I think less of how we can make gender "less relevant" and more how to explode/expand it.
To put it simply, Factoring is the purchasing of legitimate Commercial AR (Accounts Receivable) for cash to run your business.
RT: : Hey ; aren't they ALL kind of the "music issue?"
Justice.. Thank God
This hangover is awful. Feels like I'm on a massive come down.
My friend doesn't like the #LAGalaxy goalie cuz he keeps grabbing the ball when we kick it in
me too hehe
Fun times on set for a Michele Bachmann parody video with and Good meeting you all!
The fuckin best
Tonight I'm grown and sexy gorilla.
The wife and I are praying everyday for you and Mrs.Long. Love you both and see you soon. You both have POWER FOR SUCCESS!
any concern about ZBO not returning to 10-11 season form? Especially, if the team were to trade Rudy away
I am a patient boy. I wait, I wait, I wait, I wait.
Do you know how much Vatican City is worth?
Are you kidding!? Come to Atlanta and not tell you!? I was in NYC.
ew.. just deleted one of my old "friends" off of Facebook. she was bashing gays. :( wtf? she was saying, "why are gays compared to blacks?"
doing it Big here in Vegas man, working with a VIP service, catering to the hangover experience here in sin city! How R you man
eye of the tiger baby
Ruben I miss you lots and lots! Creep mosh always!
Bosses do what they want ... Suckas do what they told <U+E337><U+E201>
New soap out Anise. 6 oz only $7.95. New website also coming in a few weeks. come by 203 B Wellesley Dr se mention this twit and get 20%off
Mumford & Sons makes my day brighter :-)
One thing I must say...when I speak Japanese...it sounds sexy as hell...mmmmhmm
Anybody else just throw up a little in their mouth watching the Nelly replay?
RT : Happy Saturday!!! ABQ weather is awesome!!
Throwing a fastball to Smoak is foolish. RT : Morrow's had a really good plan of attack today: all breaking balls to Smoak
Why are you out there?
If Project Lifesaver is in the top ten then it will be aired on television.
I was supposed to! But I moved to Clackamas..
I got action.....peace
RT : apparently today is Star Wars Day -- so May the 4th be with you :-)
#christmasbreak. no more school in 2011,
Everytime it rains for days it reminds me of the movie "The Road"....
Did anyone else see MIA flip off the camera during the halftime show?
I'm ok how are you?
Just talked to He said he's pleased with the support he has received at the polls.
I'd love to get in as a vendor @ some MN quilt shows too. Quilters are all about loving color and I've had great reception from them. :)
a little bit!!
“: had a great time at #pdxduckbizlunch with you guys - Let's make it a tradition!”--agreed!
HOLY KASJDFKJE, IM SO FREAKING EXCITED FOR YOU TO COME TO CHICAGO! I LOVE YOU
As long as there is money to be made off of poverty and destitution, it will continue. Cure the system => the habits => the people.
Sucks for the #Cowboys to lose out on WR Laurent Robinson to the Jags for 5yrs $32.5M. Question is, is he a one-hit wonder? Dude got paid...
nigga you sasha
happy birthday wifey!! Have a great day!
How school treating you? :)
who you calling old! I aint old lol
During the 1950s, Yankees players were named American League MVP six different times.
Found out that my proposal for was accepted! I'll be giving a lecture called "Jazz Bassoon: The First 50 Years" (drawn from my diss.)
“The Key to success at IUPUI, or any college for that matter, is staying organized and on top of your responsibilities” Corey Arris
Boys lacrosse: No goals in second quarter as Lakeridge holds a slim 3-2 halftime lead over Canby at Cougar Stadium.
.....and THIS is our Vice President!!!!
Ty for following
Wow. Pathetic excuse for a man's vile behavior.
Goldfish lunch special - Sea Bass, sautéed spinach & sticky rice.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Thank you!!! RT good luck bro!!
what's good k.I.d heat!!
No, I'm eager to read your take on how Spartacus is killing television as we know it.
- the only school that I know of that includes fashion there is The Art Institute ... And that's like a "For Profit" school
The dolphin show at Brookfield zoo was so fucking awesome! I want to be a dolphin trainer now !
funny story--I met the three ring founders and put them in touch with some people in MD.
I guess you could say I miss feeling special to someone.
Chris Mathews comes in 3rd on Jeopardy... m
Sign ups for the Spring League's have started and will end on April 18th, if you have questions email
So many Famers that I can't keep track!! ;-)
Set your iPhone "free" and see all that it has been missing. The LockInfo app by is HoT!!!
i just add all my new followers pimp me
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
The Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers brought back linebacker A.J. Hawk on Thursday, one day after cutting him.
Finally, after settling on agreement, you can sign in the artiste
What the hell does #OOMF mean?!
No noon class at TSA today #saynotopolaryoga. Noon class at TSD is on as scheduled!
can't wait, it sounds like a good walk down memory lane!
I swear this raining is killing my mood <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Anyone else ready for the weekend? Im ready for some Bowling and & at the Avalon! The English Beat makes my weekend!
I see an excuse in that avatar picture with you : )
Ugh, NHL channel is not available (Ref code S0600). What is going on?
I don't speak thing with thing!
NEED A BOYFRIEND
my show CSI was on the air June 7 on CBS that was a hard work :)
RT : I Wonder If Romance...And Reality Ever Agree?
I have a feeling u will kick my ass but lets go
Confidence is a matter of choice. Start listening to your inner voice. You are strong and you do have the power to create your own destiny.
100th tweet! yeah buddy!
Hottest chick ever with a ginger boyfriend dancing. Thats 1 for Gingers and 766382927261828363728276 for the rest of the world.
Good Lord! I can't get enough of Lalah Hathaway singing "Cherish the Day" on Robert Glasper's "Black Radio!"
Thierry Henry's done it again
If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
I'm so tired of being in Murphy lol I'm becoming delusional
When a day visiting your grandma in Scottdale turns into a trip to Fayettnam.
Getac where rugged meets the tablet
I need to start making some money
that looks AMAZE! What and where? Congrats on a great production!
just got done cleaning...:/ going to dance soon then hanging with and .! i missed u chels!!! (:
#ThatDepressingMoment when you read old convos with somebody you don't talk to anymore:/
Just got an email from my tiny Credit Union that had the footer on it! I Feel warm and fuzzy that ET isn't Indycentric anymore.
thanks for helping court!
Where can I get a job like that?
If so it's becuase she's nice lol not because your just such a good excuse maker lol
In Bulgakov's novel and Carnival/Mardi Gras, the Devil represents chaos, fun, and abandonment of the rules.
Survived the #WarriorDash in 105-degree heat. My mantra: "Just don't die." Afterward I showered and ate a salmon burger while crying.
Damn it feels good to put in work.
it always involved them.
"Now I tell you a #poem must be kept and used, like a meerschaum, or a violin." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Happy Walter Jones Day! 23 sacks, 9 holds in over 5700 called pass plays.
I spilled coffee right down my white shirt. First hour of work. Goodbye looking cute and professional. Hello Sweatshirt.
we all have big dumb hearts, is what I think it is.
Travel Silk Road by rail
u like the moves that were made so far?
#ThingsJaylonDo Play Hard
beautiful salon
I had a great day with she surprised me with cake and flowers:) I love her<3:)
If this gurl wont stop eatting this gum like she a damn cow its not even funny she look stupid.
Everyone please follow our friend she tweetrific :) xoxogno
RT : well I'm not concerned about how my ass looks in jeans, unless a guy with a big ass is a turn on for girls!
No matter what hole, I'ma make it splatter.
Work is dragging, some ice cold bud lights would be wonderdul right now
Things that make me happy & jealous simultaneously: is faster to respond to email than me. Even when he's on a plane.
Carbonated soft drinks (especially diet!) are among the most acidic food products you will find in your supermarket.
When the world says 'Give up', Hope says 'Try one more time' <3.
PickUpLine: Nice shirt. Can I try it on after we have sex?
Wear it proudly sir.
Tuition payment handoff between the state and St. Kate's still not settled. Makes my stomach squeezy. I'd like to register for summer, thx.
To what??
nice. That's my favorite track on the album
So happy I got 3 ladies on my hair!!!!
Shout out to my tailor man. He has me looking crisp in the suit. Showtime, less than an hour
-the link did not work for me...
R u ready for Back to School? Big sales now @ MK. Get that TWIN XL for your college kid. A king for yourself! Check us out locations
maybe she's illegal. But Martha said, ”technically, it's not illegal to illegal in Massachusetts”
Daily Dose of Goodness: A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why. Attempt to recreate this experiment by simulating quacks.
This Saturday night at 9:30 at is our last show this spring! Don't miss it!
Yes! I saw this last night, what a d-bag, lol.
We do not ever have a money shortage, we have an idea shortage. Get in touch with your creative mind and you will have more money and...
"However weak a signal we send down the conductor of history now, it can be amplified later on." #kodm preserve what you can now!
tell people i will follow back :)
It's exciting, that's for sure! I'm pumped.
haha i guess id rather him be my best frined but it would still hurt me to see him and he's not mine...
VERY important.
Why would you do that
I would rather exercise than read a newspaper
dear #APtest : I have no clue how you are gonna go. hoping you'll be easy. signed, me.
Thanks you too! Have a happy Friday :)
Wanna see something funny? ---->
you aint never lied!
trying to figure out carbon poker, easy download so far.
it was great but infuriating! So "Tania" is still in NY??
Why are floating boxes still cool? Isn't that so 1987?
Do I look like military type? Just because my brother's in the Army doesn't mean I should be too.
haha I'm only messing with ya!
Thanks, Helen, for helping to spread the word on the Winterball Baseball Game. It's going to be cold, but fun!
thank you!! I think so too;)
Wishing for colder weather... we want to harvest ice!
Hey Chew what u doin tomorrow night??
abc family or just abc ? Thanks !
u told me to b quit an I did jus that lol
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
what's next champ! Any plans on coming to the LOU again, maybe Devon Alexander?
Tell Jen she can babysit anytime!
can you call me really fast?
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL It must brighten up their day to know that we trend them so much.
Does NASCAR need some more road course races?
Alabama did that years ago.
What you mean I can't run around the city screaming "Fuck You" to innocent bystanders? I thought this was America!
Stand up for your beliefs.
Today was another good day!
I spent like 5 mins. Trying to figure out someone could possibly pronounce 's last name with a V. Where would you put the V?
he did not. He said they never refused anyone where he practiced & churches would deal with the costs. Deal.
Lol.. M. Great idea!
Knowing everyone isn't a good thing...
#WorstFeeling is not knowing!!
we probably could've accomplished this faster over the phone. :)
Having my son passed out on my chest is the best way to waste time I can possibly think of.
Secret&#39;s out: Apple iPhone sales are sliding
education, healthcare, and transportation are fundamental in this civil society we currently live in; deprivation because of cost is wrong
YOU DON'T KNOW!
hows everyones valentines going so far?
stupid! : christina just made an AWFUL decision...
were you at Sunset today? Lol
I LOVE YoU.
what the hell are you doing up so early on a Sunday for??
im so bored are you?
Late night solo session ... Clear & Ease the mind #CHIEF !!
"The world must be all fucked up," he said then, "when men travel first class and literature goes as freight."
great pic! What was your favorite item?
didn't she name da rabbit after u? Haha
get a flashlight and do a boogeyman check so he knows there are none in his room! It works
I just saw your pole pics...Lawd have mercy woman! You look great. Cudos for the over 40 girls!
Girls watch pretty little liars and guys watch the world series.. btw
Wow, that's great! I'll work on a post tomorrow to share:-)
Any scripts for Vulcan's? My feedback keeps saying I should show a range of emotion, guess my face doesn't want to cooperate
Me too.
Wine! Love wine!
I've already used 203MB/250MB in my iPad data plan which started on 5/21 (6+ days ago). Guess I'll be using the unlimited plan...
oh....i was gunna ask if u wanted to hang out.
Yay, congratulations! Very excellent news.
is such a baby and a bitch, stop acting and flopping and play ball.
your tweets are legit. <3 xx
Packers at Atlanta in 20! Wouldn’t tacos make this game so much better?
I had the falafel kebab from today at lunch. Highlight of an otherwise meh day so far.
The shit I get vicky into :')
. yes! Rodriguez is my choice followed by val verde and the Olympic champion.
let's catch up this week!
ur guys and ump fighting. 3 cops and a state rod = y'all forfeited
do you sell gift cards that are good at or or Brookline ??
Oh yes, hit the spot! Live that place!
try outs tommorow
You thought sirens on emergency vehicles were bad in America. You should hear Florence's version.
just delivered payment at #soa #c21aff you should have it in hand later.
I'm dealing with the same scenario. #itsthenba!!
Did rock your face off tonight ? They did ours!!
Soo tired and still a long ways to go
yupp,and ohhs it sucks though!!
come on down to the chatroom lets bank !!!
Are you a good actor ....tweet back, I am looking to cast immediately
just realized i forgot to eat all day lol
RT “: The purpose you must fulfill in life is self-gratification because no one can grant you first happiness but yourself”
That field goal certainly helps a lot......
God knows that I've tried.
Be sure to store essential oils in a dark glass bottle. Puzhen's pure essential oil blends use this bottle, but store in a dark, cool place.
REMINDER: Tequila Tasting is next week (August 4th) Thursday. Don't forget to RVSP if you would like to attend!!! Limited availability!!
I'm liberal minded but I am positive that Jules will insist on participating.
Is there a brand of coffee beans you would recommend for the Miele Coffee Machines?
:/ I'm having an off day today
At Pequod's - some of the best pie in town.
I don't care how hard it's going to be to keep this promise, I'm going to keep it.
haha bieber. Exact same effect as Korn. :)
Open your eyes, I'm right here.
: "it's okay Emily, I'm allergic to trees...."
Amen. RT : Happy Opening Day, . The long winter is over.
Everyone else can see it but you.
Note taken. First time having anything from Central Waters. Ouisconsing was awesome.
Changing the light bulb on a radio tower?
is to damn beautiful
Where's the fight left in the Democratic Party? The #GOP doesn't hold back and neither should we!
they have it, I bet it's just updating but we'll take care of you, email us.
We are heading to #aladanceparty at Apex Club. We will see YOU there!
TNBLE Denver at Meadowlark April 8. Be there or be square
this is making Blockbuster online look like an option, never thought that would happen
#edt246 Then how do we teach in order to accept all of those Discourses we might encounter?
If I get one more piece of spam ima delete this twitter shit...or just fuck someone up in anger haha
MT : Hey early birds! I'm on w/ my fab NOT maternity women's collection: Completely Me. 6am. Tune in (and call in) if u r up!
Here we go!
Susan S. Taylor~ We dont have an eternity to realize our dreams only the time we are here.
listening to new for the first time. not a fan of new voice. good choice with bad choice without
hopefully one of the results is a big bag of Frito-lays
what is this conversation even about???
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom out there. We may argue at times but you're always there when I need ya. Love you mommy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
strange, I feel just the opposite
Thanks to for the follow. Texting an appointment reminder can save you money. Ask us how!
uh it not my birthday though!
I told Mitch he be smoking wet , this nigga gone say , just ah lil not to much . Tf ? lol
Hey heard you were a wild one x
Use the meeting notes during a meeting to ask other meeting attendees questions
Car sped up through a puddle and splash my whole body. Probably a grumpy Hoosier
aww sorry to hear that
I'm a former colleague of Reed Sturtevant - I'd love to chat with you about Good Works. Do you mind dm-ing me your email address?
excited!! follow?:)
the sexy and i know it part ;) lol
(: your nice
Bring Matt Stairs out of retirement.
In NYC, next to a table of middle-aged Asian gentlemen. One has a sweatshirt on his chair with "HEAT SEEKER" embroidered on it. Priceless!
Rally time?
much respect to you and yours, bro.
Mishel: Business profitablity is doing great right now --that sector may not be as interested in jobs policy as in the past
Black Forest Remodel & Tile "Increasing Your Quality of Life" Portland's Remodeling Expert
wait a minute who you talkin to like that you little power ranger
Going to hot today...85 !
nope - you're just ahead of the curve a bit! they'll all be talking about it in the next couple years when it becomes ubiquitous
Not good, what happens next? RT : Busch, Miller leave governor's mansion without agreement on special session.
Dear face wash commercials, People don't actually splash their face like that. Sincerely, my bathroom floor which is now soaking wet.
MT : Late night State Dinner? : Rumor has it a certain George Clooney is at the White House right now...
Currently addicted to
right now enjoying a delicious skinny hazelnut latte admiring the patience & demeanor of a pregnant mother of two chatty toddlers
Thanks, Lisa!
lol just looking for handy tips! i love food so I can't help but ask, besides! ya know i'm a sucker for brits ;)
I cant tell you on here.. You goin back to the H for the summer?
Fabulous day!
Happy New Year and thank you to all I follow for an informative 2011. Here's to an independent 2012.
Does this shop sport short socks with spots?
9/11 was definitely terrorism against the USA. What's happened since then has been a much scarier systematic assault on our civil liberties.
What in the world do you call that?
am at 152 he at huges
Good! You are wise.
Hell of a day & it's only 2ockock
funny, I had to think for a second...Who's Anthony Weiner?? Point taken.
I'm losing it.
Jimmy Jacqs, what's happening my man. Saw you're with the White Sox now--my favorite team. Good stuff. Congrats.
The ease of use does not mean that the results CST produces are simple
Good morning. Happy Tres de Mayo!
When is it?
Beau's wireless fence arrives 2day!!
Are you living your truth? What is your truth? Pick 3 words to define your personal identity and social identity - let these be your truth!
I need me a 3rd shift job like asap
To afraid to be in a real relationship? Then don't be in one.
Discovered by chance that a certain almost-14-mos-old knows how to delete emails on my iPad.
Will they learn to work together and surround me using their stealthy night vision?
I got money on MAYWEATHER!!!
well, they've got free wings for moms at Hooters today. So there's that.
Might be getting addicted to series.
DISH will be hosting local DJs to provide a great atmopshere of great music with a comfortable loung for more
life is a climb, but the view is better.. hannah montana the movie.. (";)
I am playing Draw Something at work! For work!
You kill me with the words that you didn't say.
The Olympics Pulse - Orange UK News
Thanks for the continued brain food. Would love to meet up sometime soon, let me know if anything sends you this way!
#SMBootCamp , and #BaltimoreWOW this weekend--jam packed, awesome week!
heatbreed ...hhahaha...Where are u? How are? Evrything is cool?
Teachers-back today. Network-spotty after lightning storm Friday. Server room-91* air temp. Just an average day in educational technology.
that's a little creepy
u really gonna make me cry :'( ur ok with that ?
The kids and I took my mom to lunch for #mothersday. Awesome Cobb Salad.
#itsabaddaywhen your phone don't charge during the night.
They shot my big bro in the back of the head
Great.. Mixed signals..
He looks so - eloquent - and messy at the same time!
Things I have learned from #ows - Twinkle fingers go beyond Broadway.
If he doesn't he might lose the brutally honest Christian Conservative vote. You know... that sect of the voting population.
Congrats USA ladies on an awesome win!!
Goodnight tweethearts! Tomorrow is one day closer to the weekend!:) woo hoo!
Thank you Steve Jobs....I would not be computer literate without your contributions to the world of technology!
birthday tweet :)
WWE, but I like your style
I only drink soda in cups and water in bottles.
Hungry Hungry Hippo. Methinks the time for a burrito doth draw near. Yes, indeed, it's eatin' time!
Thanks for the mention, Lorna! I really appreciate it.
One, count it, one final left. 23 hours to review the entire semester of Chemistry...today should be fun
thoughts & prayers for you and your family, my friend!
I really hope ppl stick up for me as much as I do for them
I think the other videos are where you go to find answers to Schism.
Thank you thank you, you're wonderful. Can't wait for you to make it up our way!
I don't have access to the original until I get to work, but then I'm also putting it on flickr. :)
More pontification without understanding, pleeze! This is the Internet!
Oh yeah! Maybe she can stop by !
Good to know! RT : Poll results: 48% of churches say they're committing fewer worship typos than they were 6 years ago -...
this iz so sad:( poor lil' guy
do it! Once you have a tangible goal to focus on, the actual completion of that goal will be eeeezzz peeezzyyyy
Sox down 5-0. On a scale of 1 to Complete Panic Attack, how are you feeling #RedSoxNation?
Got DM, tried to DM back but did not go thru. Traveling, will email shortly.
The fucked up part is no one talked shit and no one started negative and he just went off on twitter afterwards
this is a very cool pic
been good buisy! where u been?
Piecing ancestry together & sifting through slave manifests. Seriously, would it have been so hard to write down first names? UGH.
Pre-Lenten meal . Bring on the plate of meat! :)
RT Just chill listen to music at the house
I agree with you. Its their country
haha I'm by pizza hut ni!
#NACUA #compliance CLE workshop starts today! Welcome to DC attendees!
yeah, see the thing is...you're in Montana :-P
Goodnight everyone <3
Wait.... What's the point of the news again?! Cuz some of this stuff is irrelevant!
Happy Friday Everyone!
Noticing a lot of cats stealing my shyt club killa...which is funny cuz last time I checked I was big slug the club killa n was dropn hitz
thanks girl. Keep to head up. We will be back.
sure. Call me
And is our 127th follower! As promised FREE foodchain brand sticker! Damn what is shipping 2 Portugal? DM addy 2 claim it buddy.
If any of you want to check in with me over the next few weeks to be sure I haven't perished of stress & fatigue...
ahh I'm so jealous! The dovetail joints! That's my dream furniture, but my roommates would ruin them.
Finals finals and finals.... It's killing me... Ready to get over with...
Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to become successful. - Zig Ziglar
go with tostitos and cheese dip instead of doritos, unless you can find the wasabi ones
No one thinks about the meaning of life on a sunny day....
A long road, but tampa move almost complete
Marianne Williamson quote actaully, but yes a good one lol
it was on the unit next door to the one we were working in. We needed to get in and the guy wouldn't open so they called the cops.
I love you as April Kepner that great about you having a baby cheif resdient
What's the dry cleaner who will pickup and drop off?
why did u do that to us!?
needs to be on everyone's radar.
We also have a t-shirt shop, mobile kitchen, tie-dye shop, skateboard design kit, hat design kit, bead kit, & more. afterschoolproducts.com
good shit. yeah its all you
I wish being a graduate student was more interesting -- It's Friday and I'm drinking white wine, watching Grey's Anatomy and writing a paper
In Australia for the annual IPN conference. Sessions begin in 4 hrs. Still climatzing!
I might not have to. Lately it feels like it, though.
done! Just tell me when.
Thinking about teaching a Pinterest class either for staff or patrons.
End violence v women now. Hundreds stromg @ MN Capitol
send me a jug of Mojitos!
You should be ok yes. But no backsliding !!
RT : Still defining sustainability: Gary Lawrence from AECOM calls it, "An attempt to master complexity."
Still time left to purchase tonight's pick package of all 7 picks for only $15, huge deal! Guaranteed 4-3 or better or your money back!
I tell mom I snort my weed so she would stop breaking all my pipes and bongs.
Tonight's art show's featured artists include Nate Geare and Khalid Hussein from Los Angeles along with Coachella Valley artist, Cyrstofer!
we have four shows to watch tonight! Looks like were going to actually have to have a conversation tonight :-)
Little Monsters, can we take over the trending topics? Let's trend
Is it permissible to drink cognac in spring?
Said I was going to shave my face because of the heat....welp, that doesn't seem to be happening...definitely growing a beard smh lol
Yeah, your tweets on Tuesday made it sound like you were there. Liar!
excellent glad you liked it.
Narrow line of showers will make there way towards #rva in the next 20 min. Low 50. Gusty winds tomorrow with gradual clearing. Hi 70
“: Vision of Love 22nd Anniversary. Lambs, sip your Grigio and rejoice.”
The duty of helping one's self in the highest sense involves the helping of one's neighbors. ~Samuel Smiles
#bizforum I agree but folks often end up 'trusting' the data more than their gut in an effort to CYA!
I'll be watching a film/special/documentary everyday that stars a black person/predominantly black cast each day of Black History Month.
What do you like, what do you love and what do you adore?
Longest. Shirt. Ever.
Spanish can suck it, I feel like a baby re learning all of these words.
Do you miss me like I miss you? Prolly not lol
I prefer to think of Gabe's other favorite snack (peanut M&Ms) as the official snack of
Look at the links they're funnay!!! Sorry a out the " type something here" tho :/
Well fuck me if I'm wrong, but I think you're trying to suck my dick
Ugh what a questionable National Anthem.
Cheese, Wine, and a Friend, must be Old to be Good.. ##
i missed u fi :/
Howie Howie Howie, what are you trying to do! What a train wreck coming and I can't stop watching it!!
Session I speakers heading to dais for “Building the Business Case for Social Insurance” Gardiner, Jones, Bishop
Hate doing weekend chores<<<<<
The #Costco cashier added, while scanning my wine, "well, if he can drink like this...he must have money" Thx, pal. Girl looked up, "well?"
Ah.... No I'm saying your family is one big dance party! Awkward!
Thanks for everyone who came to the #summersmarts party last night! We had a lot of fun!
Going to see Britney tonight.
have an awesome week!
#3WordsForYou The Winners Circle
Gotcha. Freaking unreal.
I saw the curve ball coming 50 miles away, but hoped I could go out of my way to dodge it. Not phased one bit. Good night beautiful world.
I saw that a few weeks ago. SO FUN :) I got anxiety watching the performers. Dont fall, don't fall... lol.
good question. My next blog will highlight the differences between types of life products.
Yes, I know it is a gorgeous day in Dallas. Already spent several hours outside with kids at the park, riding bikes. Great start to today!
Record Store Day!
Merry Christmas ;)
someday soon we'll show up, just keep the faith!
is heading off to shoot day two of Fall LASC with model Andy Ashton :-)
I feel so FAT <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
I'm at and 's presentation.
I'm gonna miss my friends so mf'ing much while I'm gone<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
some in one sitting...=)
My #D-Lux Messenger Bag is doing great. He was a little scared going on a NYC Subway, but he's good now.
RT : . Thanks for the follow. I really enjoyed listening to your new composition for the HBO sports trailer....
RT : Changing the World: Sharing Emotional Intelligence to improve school cultures..begin with leader, impact school & comm.
Hope the shoot is going well! Cant wait to see the images! Just saw the clip you landed for me! Lets start planning for Hong Kong!
that's awesome ayyeeeeee
I can't believe you're not at # techrakingcir. Bay Area w/o Auggie sighting =
is proud to announce that it will be holding its inaugural East Coast Free Agent Camp in Charlotte, NC Aug 6-Men Aug 7-Women
Tonight we at w/ and the gang! || Brought to you by the good people of TopNotch, , and others.
I don't need to know everything. This is why I don't wear my glasses in public restrooms.
Why is it summer today? We already did that season. Someone tell me why.
Yes! Sometimes, I feel like it's futile. As soon as I finish dishes and laundry do my victory dance, new dirty ones appear. lol
that is what's up
THANK YOU!!! RT just checked out at their fb page!...really good band! go like them facebook.com/mufasatheband
no she didn't?!?
Love seeing the change in expression when Im introd to new colleagues w the tag line "she went to B school"
Great news abt THATcamp NYC this fall. Eagerly awaiting news abt when applications will be accepted.
What if the light we see at the end of the tunnel when we die is really us just being pushed out of a vagina into our next life
I keep getting Paula Deen and mixed up, I think it safe to say they both have type 2 diabetes.
thats my sister though, didn't know I had to ask you first before i tweeted things, im sorry :)
really happy!! Haha
Schools out Niggah
Thanks for retweets:
Some People are Unhealthy to the atmosphere..."If one of us goes threw it then we all go threw it".....
thanks so much(;
: ": HEY CINDY! I haven't talked to you in forever." Lol iz that fer me.:0” yeah I decided to indirect tweet. Lol
I can't even listen to Everybody Talks anymore because now it reminds me of Jared and Savannah.
Heading down to Florida in a little while.
Brain Greene #physicist explained string theory in a way I finally almost understood.
me wearing this suit fulfills the fact that looking classy is the same as looking sexy.
The first of many fines this year because you are a thug!
#IDAHO I combat homophobia by educating not demonizing & ostracizing homophobes. Homophobia is a disease that can be cured w education, imo.
#np Transit - Long Lost Friends
S/O to my folks ! Watched him destroy it on BET in play, What a husband doesn't know"!
text me i lost ur numbers
Yeah man, good CLEAN b'ball, no cheap shot artists there...
picnic lunch with my daddy.
okay(: thanks<3
Those were wardrobe references.
Happy birthday to best woman in the world ... I wanna party with you sweet lady!!
Welcome all new followers stay tuned for some awesome tee links!
true 90s kid will remember the film called 'babe' ..
Gen 50:20 & Rom 8:28 gives us confidence in knowing that there's a blessing for us despite what others try to do to harm us!
agreed. They are annoying
thanks for the mention. We know you read 'em all, so that's saying something :) Keep on reading & we'll keep on writing!
Had a great holiday season, Thanks to everyone's support!
King released from jail, released by Minnesota
I have to try on. This phone cause I can't log in on any other.. I was lucky to still be logged in in this but I'll try :)
Thanks! Looking forward to it! Any burning questions about #Regency hair you think I should address? #jane austen
"While one person hesitates because he feels inferior,The other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior
Watching virgin diaries on tlc, this girl had a first date with a guy that was dubbed best single guy ever...I don't remember being on show
It doesn't cost anything to smile and you don't have to pay to laugh keep showing the world your light.
So many wings.
I am not the target audience anymore.
i feel like we are just chasing atlanta on defense. can't keep up with them. c'mon boys. that's not your game.
ooh and I'm due for a phone upgrade this summer too! wahoo!
I second that! You and I could probably write a laundry list of grammar/writing pet peeves!
yep. oh lord. On a stairwell. She pulled my hair and called me a slut so I hit her... like 20 times. Whoops!
Good morning sunshine! And a happy Sunday to you! :-)
We've got skills! RT : Holy crap. How does one get that intoxicated with $10?
Getting psyched for #muse2012 esp the imminent arrival of eds Jen N. and Steph W. Presenting Sat. hour/power. Be there.
Playing poker w/ 11-yr-olds? Make sure all agree on the definitions of "straight" and "flush." Get them to sign off on it.
i hope so, i live in poland... sadly.
#nce11 merit pay has never produced better results
I don't follow many so feel blessed. :) jk
yumm is right!
good idea? then i will talk to you is chaste:) language:)what fun:).
I think they're illegal in Germany, because they can be disruptive to other road users. Are they not common outside Seattle?
is praying for a miracle.
Life's to Short Gotta Live it Long. -Young Homie, Chris Rene (: <3
"Never get too cocky. Never get too bummed." - Karen Salmansohn, Ballsy Tip No. 62
MJ or Prince? Recogonize the masters...
interesting piece. I expected something a little different, more sense of schol as distributed vs individual, zero-sum
So my last two papers in undergrad are on The Avengers and Spider-Man 2. Does this mean I paid my dues?
Saber - you will do anything to promote your brand. Period. I smell publicity stunt until I see solid proof of your claim.
Sparkly new gigs booked in Nashville, TN. We're writing a ton of new material and we feed off YOU! Come be part of something special!
preach brother preach
Buttery Nipples at a Payless Shoe Store.
love u too Jay ;)
BRUINS SCORREDDDD!!!!!!!! :D love ya Marchand ;)
cool night seeing our friend Chris and his band Modern Day Idols. great show!
Happy mothers day mommy (: I love u.!
so glad I get to sleep in tomorrow.... jk lax at 7am then two soccer games.
Just discovered Star Wars The Holiday Special. Wow!
My friend just found her real sister!!!! YAY!!!!! So exciting
Hawks are rocking the Celts early.. interesting...
Feel better man!! Love the show!!
#CISPA if you don't know what it is... You need to know that this is the ultimate big brother legislation... We need to kill this one!!!
The things females do for attention
RT: Attn all Poker players & fans: 26 days until the 40th annual WSOP! Follow the commish Personal friend and great guy!
AAAAARGH, people, Africa is not a country. Please. It is a continent composed of 54 countries!
Shadows of a Trip
We won both games!!!
If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up ;-)
"Cause your free to do what you want to do" <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
my house= green sky, hail, lightening striking in the front yard
Who has the coolest Twitter pic? does.
Ok, Speed Dating had some really good unexpected crooks and turns---good movie! Especially loved watching @ Wesley Jonathan----omg!!!
thanks for the follow!
got the mix sounding right now
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there! Hope your day is a special one!
Dont forget that the Jager Girls will be here tonight at 6pm- 8pm. Come by for $3 jager shots!
These r the times in which a genius would wish to live. It is not in the still calm of life that great characters are formed-
Were you tweetjacked?
i blame my father who was like OCD about being clean. Hed have a stroke if he ever visited us.
#Shoutout to thanks for the #follow! Hope you have a great day! :-)
u2, chris...touching book. best of luck.
Thanks Ellen. Yes, quite necessary.
Trying to get up with you fame. Trying to get back to the basics. 60 days and I'll be back in Buckhead!
Just fin dinner at grand lux now were going to Blue man. (thanks Dana)
you better snap out of it.
'Nexus' by Henry Miller, the 3rd book in the rosy crucifixion series. His long saga with June continues on and on and on...
Muffins make me sad because I know they're just one step away from being cupcakes.
what. true or false what.
READY FOR TEJAS!!!!!
Looks like you are provisioned with Blast! speed rated at 27mbps down and 4mbps up sustainable speed. Are you behind a router?
Congrats on your "TIME Dealer of the Year" Nomination!
I still regret calling a girl "cootie girl" in 3rd grade. The whole class called her that. So shameful! Still makes me sad.
This morning I woke to find it was payday. I made it through tax month with 1/3 of my regular budget! Time to buy sandwiches and games.
ha wow unbelievable disagreement in this state among politicians on whether to dig holes
And thank you for a house full of people I love. Amen. - Ward Elliot Hour
if I had food or money I would eat but I have NEITHER
Let's hope. But did he look an awful lot like Hellboy at the end of the movie?
Why the hell can't we tackle anyone?!?
Georgia its raining no it ain't yes it is no it ain't make up your mind.
18 is the magic number anything else not acceptable
“: A gurl wit #NO ass jus look #WEIRD too #ME” you hash tag alot lol.. but what about No ass, but Thick thighs?
Studying what the Bible says about marriage..
You are not your Facebook profile. You are not your Myspace page. You are not your fucking Tweets!
Oh, so I see you're a dad.
And I know that's a lie
But they don't have a hammer in their lineup.
RT Kisses on the forehead are so fucking cute! Well. I think so.
IM WITH YOU (red hot chili peppers' new album) out today!!
; d'awh. why didn't you getta picture? :o
Some people text me with the most retarded conversation...-.-. Miss me with all that
hate being a juror. It's like, you're guilty! Done!
will need to check how recert can work for webinars...we have talked about this, and hopefully can make it a program for teachers
Got to spend some time with my new friends at Man in the Mirror in Orlando. A great group of people and a tremendous ministry for men!
See you bright & early tomorrow at the SLU Chamber breakfast!
Love the Carolina rain, but my joints do not. Ouch.
When is hyper
Just read about the passing of Davy Jones of The Monkees. Brings back some good childhood memories.
just came bac from Canada! I'm bac in the D what's goodie???
In addition to the the NCAA, Indiana Sports Corp, Indianapolis Indians, and the Big Ten Conference.....
yup. We're out on myrtle
Looks like C's-Sixers is gonna go more than 5 games. No way will Philly win the next 3.
Wow. Some of them went on for minutes. I remember one day I logged over three miles on my pedometer on set.
I'm talking to CleverBot about you. ;)
thanks & to be honest im not better at all:/
Kevin Garnett. I can't even finish this homework. KG is too dirty. Emphasis on the TOO.
Me to!
Banner in the rafters because of the greatness of JET and J-Kidd. Hard to believe they might not be back next season.
Another advantage of being the youngest. 3 grandkids before I was out of HS ;)
RT : Industry experts provide pointers for providers looking to make the switch to a new revenue cycle management...
"I wasn't drunk!" "Dude, you picked up a rock to see if Patrick was living under it.."
Just ask for The Tank special
Yeah but lets try it anyways !
lol :) ya only live once-go for it lol :) thanks man :)
There isn't a time that I wake up and my throat doesn't hurt with thirst.
New York and New Jersey
#hogab hot orgy got ass backwards
what kind of producing you're trying to get into? (read your bio lol)
what part?
RT : Alex Flinn's BEASTLY is #4 in the NY Times paperback children's bestsellers on 2/27/11. Congrats, Alex!
Audition today! Yeah dude
Justin bieber has the cutest nose I could just kiss it lol
awesome girl! Nice job. I'm good, halfway through round 2 of Insanity...going insane.
We don't need a blueprint to get rid of poverty. We need to go live with those in poverty. - basically what PreJean said; such.SIMPLE.TRUTH.
Meet Clear Channel's new Nat'l Programming Platforms crew: Guy Zapoleon, Dennis Clark, Zena Burns, Darren Pfeffer, Alissa Pollack. Read RAMP
There just might be a tiny chance that the NCAA Selection Committee made a mistake...
Tell me tommorow ?
#youcantdateme if you are not as hot as me;)
Try cleaning it with a soap and water solution. If it doesn't clear up, Please contact customer service at
I give mello his credit though i'm not a hater lol !
A Lesson In Romantics is by far one of the greatest albums.
Every girl knows she will have to kiss a lot of frogs before meeting her prince charming ~
Lauren, I have loved you since the moment you walked in the ro. I am rooting for you!!
Going to Ellen Vip style for my cousin's bday! Boardwalk 11 tonight!! Come party!
Live life hard!
I'm participating in the #aam2011 virtual conference horizon report.
grandma always said you gotta bang a few meth whores so you appreciate the good ones.
PSA: The cinnamon raisin bread at is best thing I've ever tasted. Go buy a loaf and support the good work at !
*non-regulation
Have you tried calling Laurenitis? He's on TV right now!
haha! awesome. Before you know it, he'll be contemplating shaving his legs....
Dear kellin quinn get a haircut thank u love everyone
Open this afternoon for your last minute gift cards and baskets!
#wewontworkoutif you aren't willing to bottom at all! A nigga needs a break from that Shit!
Ludacris makes some weird ass music videos
I want a "grading" toolbar for Word. Highlighting, comments and some buttons for stock phrases: spelling, awkward, AP Style, double-check…
Won't be sleeping tonight. Again.
all I have left is Jamie Moyer. But he may pitch for 5 more years, so I'm covered age-wise. Omar Vizquel is 3 years behind me.
Billy George has a great body and was performing to such a great song! ;)
At the Reel Spirituality Conference 2011 -- Death of the Critic?
Yup! Haha waiting for that Lakers game! Do or die!!!
RT : Nothing like messing up how many Timeouts a team has when Chris Webber doing a game-->#coldblooded lol
April showers bring May flowers, so why is it supposed to rain tomorrow?
Please welcome our new member pR3d_xFrOwNzZ.:)
but what happens to the market when it is made free, via downloading?
sounds like a good day to me!
Heading out to make some contacts this morning, fall trip is going to be amazing, God is opening some impressive doors!
On my way, see you tonight! RT : It's nothing but blue skies & sunshine! Come enjoy this gorgeous weather w us on our patio!!
": Hoodrats always want favors and for others to "look-out for them" while they drift along through life."LLAB HELL YEA
Thank you, KD2!
a nigga really just tried to "pssst" me though
the more i see that tutu, the more i want one!
You were great! RT : gonna be on with see you all at midnight.
Ice coffee #wee!
Remember Rodney King's brutal beating on video ending in police acquittal & LA riots? Brace yourself, Idiots never learn.
oh awesome!
Yu gon be in town bro?
RT Everyday Buddhist: There is no real happiness outside of enlightenment.
Even Rally Squirrels??!! ;-)
Do you have a link to the audio?
nice guitar!
Bdubs with later !!! Yum(:
Just 12 more days until the next !
Luckily the 2nd period is over.
Did this kid just give me lip because I wouldn't give him a laptop to take to the computer lab where there are still computers available?
We have lunch box specials every day! Doors open at 11:30am.
congrats on the new chapter with Facebook.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! <3 (:
Proud to encourage giggling
omg lmao that's priceless
That combination sounds like it would involve marble columns.
Uecker just killed me. Started the "get up, get up..." Then caught! Man!
our lives on a daily basis
; what does what mean? ??
Race for the Cure on-line registration closes 9/17 @ 12 noon. www.komenorgon.org
Well that's not surprising!! -__-
Yeah, cantaloupe is such a cop out! RT : Amen, sista. RT : +berries -cantaloupe talkin bout prepackaged fruit salads
Hi Scott, SXSWedu is a separate conference, so an EDU badge is required for session content. Thanks for asking!
Hey guys! I never ask people to follow me but can u follow me? Thx
I want to see it!
woo! field day tomorrow! well gotsta go to sleeperzz. night night.
Well, tomorrow's Giants game is at 1:05. Do you want to go to that and then the Avengers after?
“: ": Nutella is gross" what the hell is wrong with you”shut up" you first
wyd I just got off of work n soon going to my other little part time job
Thank you! We agree! We're really excited to be recognized for 2 yrs now! Awesome to meet you as well!
so good
its not till may so I'm sure you will be fine. Remeber how much shit you gave me about making sure you were able to go!! Bwahaha
#confessionnight I talk so much about being single and not wanting to deal with the bs of relationships yet i dream about holding someone :/
haha ill take that, better than being jus aite haha. ill see you in a few ;)
Not to wish ill on someone but I hope Pedro Alvarez continues to flop. I want to see Casey Mcgehee get another shot. Go oppo, Casey
Dear Berliner police, why do you need 7 people to shoo away a homeless kid from an empty doorway?
It's been a no tweet Kzoo due to not having a spare neuron. Verdict so far: a lasting intellectual high.
Run Windows Maintenance Related Task With DMaintenance - Ghacks Technology News
it's been over a year, sadly.
sleep well DD.
We need to acquire New Thinking + New Habits + Long Term Viewpoint = to acquire an Extraordinary Mind to have an Extraordinary Life!
hey guys this is the rythim guitar for LIP (lost in public)
The #KeithHaring #GoogleDoodle is sweet; the second g is my favorite.
Yay! Glad to hear it :)
must focus on strategery. Fewer things this week but those few things are intense.
Q. What’s the difference between your paycheck and your cock? A. You don’t have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck.
I'm sorry I didn't have a chicken crock pot recipe for you the other day. If you had asked for roast, I woulda come through.
Jamming to early 90s rap with the windows open. Ice Cube it's Friday!
hate when i'm hungry n can't find anything to eat :/
I want free street tacos from el torito n shit~
Wonder what the fine will be for Brandon Jacobs
Let's hear from you-what are the small technology hurdles that make tech stumble in your classroom? No challenge too small!
Bought to go to sleep night love everyone!!! Especially One Direction!^_~
Good win for the #Gophers, that was a battle. Enjoy NY
I don't do something unless theres something in it for me
Are any of you guys
Comments like you in a sun dress and raining require pictures for the visual effect of the moment... :-)
Safe travels, Carl. We should catch up soon.
Shorts tomorrow? I think yes (:
Thanks for a great workshop!!!
beautiful people.
I am about to my way to Boston.
To see video on u-tube go to hair integration systems watch my video Megahairelite
it was discussed. “: m best take that into account at the wardrobe fitting then. #spandex”
Friday, Sept 24, 2010 UTH attended Operation Green Leaves 20th Anniversary Gala at Solares Gardens in Doral, FL
Made no sense for me to go to track practice and then go to fox & hound and eat cheese fries - Janee.
Returned home as I left it: zebraless.
Mayor Bing "Thinks Detroit First"!!!!
#cwebodymedia take risks be ok with failing those r the defining moments-Christine,
Oh no worries. No, we don't have a date yet but I just emailed April (I needed to hear from you), and let u know when I know
I'm a call you when I get out of this Class
When you arrive check out , great salon and spa here in Austin. We would love to take care of you.
hehehe...I would live there just so I could say it.
exactly. It is medicinal.
#nw Lord of the Rings <3
Audition complete! Got to hate on Tebow! Al in a day's work
not yet
Just got a sneak peak at our shutterbugs photos...and I gotta tell you: I AM FREAKING OUT THEY ARE SO GOOD
#FF Thanks for downloading my free ebook! It has excellent advice for a #GenY #jobseeker, leveraging SEO and digital branding.
Loved performance at the #grammys <3
a Vietnamese co-worker says my pronunciation is good (merci one-minute French) haven't been in a class since '70
Lets go CAPS! 3rd OT!
First day of summer classes, CANCELED. Only at FIU. Well this should be interesting.
I'm sick to my stomach
Thanks :D
Why Do You Capitalize Every Word?
why are boys such buttheads sometimes?
So I don't think I won the Megamillion, but man... it would have been insane if I did.
RT "Friend"raising: "The 'why' is more important than the 'what'."
If its possible to pull a muscle from coughing so much, then I believe I just did Bo sickness :/
fucking today was such a cluster fuck of a day...lets go and have life work out already
Football gives me anxiety. Every time the score is tied I'm convinced I'm going to have a heart attack.
We have sold our 123GoTV device in 10 or 11 states.R the kids you know ready for a fit solution for your fast paced life?
turned on the TV ... Charleton Heston in the #10Commandments ... I couldn't get through it as a kid ... nothings changed
Hi CBS - are you giving the West Coast the live feed of tonight?
If only my old teachers could see me sitting still and "foucusing"! I'm sure some of them are rolling in their graves by now!
Bout to check out asssscat at UCB
It's Friday, Friday! Gotta get down on Friday. Partying,partying yeah! Funfunfun. Rebbecca black!;)
Too bad I don't get points or a coveted membership card for driving my own car. I'm guessing A doesn't count ;-)
Not going to happen.
I'm bringing all the panelist books the sent me for more LAYAPALOOZA prizes! See you soon. xo
haha. U hv twitter but u don't hv facebook. (just say)
So fucken pissed, were not going anymore -.-
Hehe. Yeah...enter long sigh
Okay, you make it for me, please?!
Just a couple more weeks before our Beloved Banana Pudding Milkshake returns! Anyone excited?
hmm...looks like I haven't been on in 4 months.
ha! Love that movie, I love scary movies though so I guess I'd be crazy right along with her! Lol
God likes it when you masturbate.
I met a man in line at the bakery who will not need his walker in two weeks. Bless the Dr.s @ Kessler!
there or the Wisteria.
keep going back inhis site. Phenomenal art. unrefinedartists.com
Why can't it be thursday now.. I just want to be in New York.
historical mission of memorial archives?
I will try really hard! I got to get with Madison while I'm there! U and vin will be easy to get together!
thanks...I am exited to be back in action
Shake It Up Is On! LORD ICONic Boyz!!
Thanks for the mention! You guys are awesome!
alright could you please reserve bella for me i will sign up soon
"People wait for opportunity to come along...yet it is there every morning."
can't dm unless u follow back lolz
what HIP
BROTHER OF THE PROLAPSE! DON YOUR ARMOR&MEET ME IN THE COURTYARD. ELONGATED BUTTHOLES ARE EVERYWHERE! THEY MUST BE DEALT WITH!
Holy shit Justin got so much f*cking love tonight!
What to do today..
Aww, shucks. Thank YOU for listening!
Thank you for sharing! Have a great weekend! :)
thank you! Excited to watch your website take off. Looks like you are up to amazing things : )
Mother Nature is sure enjoying messing with us this spring, isn't she?
lol I just got it today
I hate you
God gave me style, and gave me grace. God put a smile upon my face.
I got bigger laughs out of your Girls tweets last night
sounds delicious!
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses - unknown
time for some krazy glue! ")
you poor thing...
Got the HOLIDAY BLUES? Brighten up your life with Permanent Makeup! The gift that gives you everyday beauty!
Fresh Mint!
what r u taking in grad school?
rocks my face off. So good!
The show will be starting soon! Pumped for Joe Vs the Volcano
retweet if you love chocolate milk!
Church hymns stuck in my head...not helping my
going to the pens game! #LetsGoPens @
last than a week til xmas break
True. Some people are pretty clear about their motives though, downright demanding even.
I hate teachers.
I'm sure the Invisible Hand will drop a few dollars in the tip jar. Because the Free Market cures all ills, no?
In the middle
When I step on the football field I feel like nobody can stop me
RT : Confucius was the first theologian to formulation The Golden Rule
Vegan tacos for lunch yum yumz.
It's kind of fun to do once you're out. Brings a little solace. Oh look, Sasha scored.
We'll take that as a compliment! :)
ok, i will check it out thanks
Trying to save my money...hardest shit ever.
Looks like #edcampcincy was a success! Followed you all today!
Perfect 10. a consistently recurring reason for IP counsel to seek interesting images on the web. today brought to you by tumblr
Running into Jack at the mall >>>>>
I need to upgrade my phone... And my phone is a reflection of my life #fml lol
what email
#amreading The Uncoupling by and enjoying the depiction of a high school community and its various members.
When it rains it pours juss be ready to face it
This is the most gorgeous #leapday ever!
Pef has enough in the trunk of his car.
I know that #stopkony is a good message and all, but it's cloggin' my feed
that's cool haha
Woa. what r u on to treat it? My hubs makes rx drugs and works w drugs for MRSA. 1 is at stage 3 human trials. Nasty stuff
I bought a new pair of today in a kids size 4.5. My feet are shrinking!
as a rule of thumb, I don't read articles that have memes above the fold
We are shooting a PSA today!
hell ya you know thats is getting retweeted p.s love you forever!!!!
:) I'm playing "Don't You Worry About a Thing" now
My pastor preached today. Matt 26:36-45. It's time to go a little further
At least give me a try.
My favorite sweet-tempered poultry crime-fighting team has to be The League of Extraordinary Gentle Hens.
Got a NCT callback, lets go.
Ah . I'm gunna beat yaa up tomorroww . Me and ((;
$20 credit for $75 spent expires tomorrow. Must. Go.
Nice. Glad to see it. But: If I can wish, I wish there was more insight on the democracy part. Si? (meant that to come from me.)
I do need to catch up on Supernatural, gonna probably marathon it tomorrow night :p
We're at the end of the hour, but here's the FEATURED OPPORTUNITY: is looking for contributors + ad amazons!
you should follow who found it :) Xx
when u incorporate Hyperlinks into the Entity-Attribute-Value model you end up with #LinkedData. The Data is Extremely Linkable!
": is it bad that I think and are hilarious? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>" not at all lol
What do you wanna make videos of?!
I've wanted to read it, but I get nervous when the world described my animal rights activists doesn't resemble the one I grew up in
Its great to see you on the Ellen Show FINALLY!!!!!
#ChiTown playlist in full effect...., Do-or-Die, , Johnny P, , , !
So, I guess that makes #KidRock a complete pussy.
I think the guy from McKinsey is pointing to the other place #bigdata money is going...
Perfect backdrop for Iron Range Earth Fest: Taconite Ridge wind turbines!
I feel sorry for Michelle. She's been subjected to a Spike lovefest, & I have no idea if she's a Buffy fan :)
vh1 love &Hip hop Miami reality show has been shooting down here this week and weekend shit has been so crazy plus fashion week.
RT if you think Victorious wouldn't be the same without Ariana!
DA BURGH GOT FRESH NEW TALENT ALL OVER THE CITY WHO WILL BE THE NEXT 2 SHINE
*blink* What? Harvard's out of the tourney already?
It's so great having the NHL back
HE'S GONNA.... HE'S GONNA... HE'S GONNA PUKE! HE'S GONNA PUKE! HAHAHAHAHAHAAH!
Late night over here, but sometimes you just do what it takes, right? Good night y'all!
Listening to Kevin Hart, Katt Williams, and Aries Spears on Pandora <3
Thanks for the RT!!
Walkman! Sony plans to reduce its work force by an estimated 10,000 jobs, as part of new Chief Executive Kazuo Hirai's restructuring plan.
cheating is what I mean
back in a few weeks, how's the start up?
Tom Thibodeau deserves coach of the year. Hes the best coach I've seen. Doesn't ride or die with one player. He won them the game
So happy HOMELAND won last night!
I swear u a hater lol RT : Can't wait till the Lakers get that official L tonight!
A3. It's all about collaboration and community
On 2nd thoughts, I may just wear what I already got and remix it lol IDK though
Kiss Me Like you miss me , fuck Me Like you hate me
Just keep hearing things, sounding like warning signs....
Today is a month on the road, church potluck, bonfire in the middle of nowhere, & the first blue huddle of mountains to our left, southw ...
yes Jana yes it is.
Sick sick sick of David Freese
maybe, my wife critiques the cards and analyzes why I bought it. Or is it me that does that? Anyway ... Hope all is good
Never lost the hunger or got lazy when it comes to the lyrics. Check out my tracks
Thank you to everyone who participated in the great openLAB_04 event this evening. Major fun.
#CHILD SHOT - 4-year old child was brought to Parish Hospital this morning suffering from a gunshot wound. The child is critical
Can the beach get warmer and sunny so I can come to socal and shoot already. Geez
Congrats to November's Darlin of the Month Dee and Sweetie of the Month Little DeAnna
text me :(
hahaha ok I'll give you that one. But it would've been a stupid comeback haha
Don't be a follower, be a student & put the lessons into play that'll benefit you.
Me ad My Car: A 48-year love affair with his secondhand Chevy
Working...working...working...
RT Resist the devil and he will flee from you - James 4:7
me either! Wish I didn't procrastinate so bad.
it's definitely my most bold prediction so far.
Thank you for sharing! See you at #marchforbabies305!
I kind of want to spend the evening in bed with these mini mint chocolate chip ice cream sandwiches.
My suite at the Wynn is unfucking believable. Two bathrooms, walk-in closet, a bed...I'm moving to Vegas and changing my name to John.
Happy MON Friends! We've got some great news about 2morrow, #TaxDay! If u buy a Big Mac or Quarter Pounder w/ Cheese u get 1 more for 1¢!
Friday Humor: "Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else." - Ogden Nash
buy me something <3
Thank you so much :]
"resource nationalism" term spotted in wsj article about mining rights in Pakistan. Countries need to possess these rights in perpetuity
Thanks guys!
I have them on DVD. You can watch them on YouTube, Dramafever and many other websites. If you ever need a link you can ask me
Hey now... If you don't want your vacation to an awkward Chi town suburb, I'd be happy to take it off your hands for you.
Nice to see standing ovation for Christopher Plummer and his Oscar
Love how Bob Ryan says UK is scared to play IU in Rupp next yr. Lol, yeah just like we were scared of UNC IN RUPP LAST YEAR?!?!
Lotta good people doin things tonight! Good friend and good dj spinning records, and sellin shwag!
I stopped trying 2 weeks ago...
Love how people just started tweeting #prayforlewismighty lol, just cause Niall tweeted it... Smh
one course down. now just wonderful grad final projects to read!
Not funny! RT : Greg Oden already down w knee injury.
What do I love about an on-the-go & make things happen Saturday? EVERYTHING - I say, go & get 'em!!! :-)
Much better
I didn't know there were two 6ams in the day.
thank YOU for the love
Boo, Brontes, Boo.
Let's go Michigan!!!!
Vans full of cops and empty jail buses heading toward waterfront where protesters are.
#LeesvilleMemories I used to call jit all the time and he didn't know what I was talking about
We are back from maintenance!
RT if you followed for a Followback!
Life in the cloud, bud. Sorry I'll miss your victory lap. Let's see if we can hook up after CO.
WOW for a Friday today has been Crazy.. But God is in control.. Thank God for that..
thanks for the follow and support Stephanie keep cheering for your chi favs
In Fresno, playing tonight at the Brick for the Jazz Fresno, show at 7 pm
Yo is one of the most slept on MCs in the CHI!!! Dude puts in work!
to request Far From Ready on the radio, hit up .
I can't sing - although I wish that i could - so I sing in my books...like Aretha and Chaka and Etta...
Got to see some of my favorite ppl tonight !
Huummm,, here is Cake # 4 Premium Chocolate Mousse trio cake -with milk, white and dark chocolate mousse on layers of devils food cake,,!!
teenagers are so misunderstood. we get treated like children and are expected to act like adults.
Working on my business...and creating better health.
haha honestly I used to hate but know I don't I like sing it an person of interest
oh I should have tagged that #nnlm ;)
I got it tx! Away this weekend. Limited connectivity
That's cool, main.
All this week finna be decent af.!
sending some good thoughts your way. Hope all is well.
trying to figure out why love honor betray (that trashy book advertised on the subway) is in the middle of the black history month section..
Want to take control of your personal finances? Join on Thursday at 10:30am at SMGW's NW Office for a free workshop, "Meet the Banker."
Melody Moezzi writes a captivating article for Huffington Post.
Anyone use Apple's iCloud service? Reliable? Enough control? Maybe an FTP workflow is better for syncing folders on home/work computers?
I'm going to Atlanta. Be jealous.
holy crap!!!!! What ball do you use? I average about 185-190... I'm a junior in high school
I know, in the end I just said "my oatmeal is good enough... thanks." but it gave me some good ideas for said oatmeal.
"It wasn't logic, it was love." Watching Sex And The City :)
Zumba, workout, yoga :)
**Stop bullying *** Fu*k H8 and No H8 bullying hurts you... sticks and stones may break my words but word with never hurt me..... They do!
Or are we dancer? RT “: prehuman”
Thanks for speaking with us! RT : I'm talking about the #911trial today on PRI's From
too me it seem like all the good ppl die and the evil asses stay kickin the longest
there are some ghetto Idol contests.. they will beat u down SMH
I guarantee MCA's face is the first thing you think of when you hear "Beastie Boyz". Its over.
Just filmed a sketch on The Conan O'Brien show!
Didn't your mother ever teach you not to stare
Again: why the fuck is "Heat" always in all caps? (HEAT) Any Miami fans or beatwriters want to enlighten me?
you gonna take them to the casino?
A marching band w/ drums and a tuba has come to the door soliciting money for... I don't know. I can't hear anything over the Sousa
Third pool game at AAU Nationals: Houston Hoops 62, Memphis Magic 56
My backyard is so blown up. Major work ahead. Eh, at least I have a yard to repair! All good.
I hate waking up to birds chirping.
ha!! not if you cant see or dont wanna smell like a lane marker!!
Thanks to my 1000th follower on Twitter! Hope you have a great day!
Feeling better. Thank you, Howard Webb.
Ga Dep of Juvenile Justice reports that for Atlanta's Fulton County, African-American youth made up over 93% of intake for criminal offenses
Need People to Play in Denver Area Fantasy Football League. Draft will be this Sat. or Sun. Fee is Low. Please send direct message to play
Nice! Wish I could have joined y'all in those scenes.
Got an EVO 4g, fyi. I love it. Got it from a friend for a good price. And I play that flick kick football game now.
Typically, bicycle-riding, black suit-wearing, backpack-toting young white men are not after caffeine or tobacco.
Very honored that a colleague was excited about my dissertation and was asking me advice earlier tonight.
I'm looking at some of this rough-cut footage, and I have to say, I think this one's gonna knock their socks off!
When employees request leave, listen for requests that would meet the FMLA criteria. Contact HR when hearing these requests
And Mrs Parris could you bring us some ice gonna need to buy a new bottle of scotch
Nevele Grande Hotel and Country Club Purchase Finalized - MarketWatch (press release)
ppl said we wuld have a black president "when pigs fly" sure enough 100 days into Obama's presidency, swine flu!
I'm awesome
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Carrot Ginger and Broccolini. Sugar Free Lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
Well, welcome!
Tonight's agenda: prepping students for their upcoming auditions at the federated festival on March 17.
Ending TODAY!Visit us online during #nurseappreciationweek for 20% OFF Top lines!
CAN NOT WAIT for #Believe and your Christmas album! Its weird thinking you'll have new music soon! But I'm sure it'll great!
Using my og droid atm since my service got cut off cuz I'm broke and poor.
LUPE Fiasco the way I see u is like a guy who I look up to : ) keep that up and I will never stop being you fan : )
I love my boyfriend.
Topic 3 - We really like the No Biggie Bunch series too!
Wow, the Burbank airport is infinitely better than LAX. Checked in, got a boarding pass, checked a bag, and got through security in 15 mins.
OK my man, enjoyed our discussion! I'm definitely a fan of fiber optics, that and the future
Check out my beautiful arrangements of candy flowers!!
I've become the official runner for
What she said..
Next year I will be at #Coachella even if it kills me dammit.
May your day be filled with margaritas and guacamole. :)
yeah just fine just not a lot to say after BB season and just waiting 4 BBmadness! 166 days to go! Lol ! How r u!
Seek UNTIL U SEE IT GOLDEN.. The journey is in your hands.. The power in learning to Listen and Move Forward..
Miami is a great vacation destination. Pamper yourself with a massage experience while you are visiting Miami!
your website is SO clean!
Had to fill my prescription for Plavix today, ($43.00 WITH Insurance!) but my pharmacy gets the first batch of Generic on Friday!
but what about all top battlers also and me of course?
I really wish I was responsible for this, I love it so.
How fast did you drive her?
on!"I believe the keys to an authentic life are hope, humility, forgiveness,& gratitude" Author Nancy Kay
haha oh no! What was I doing in your dream? Wearing a robe covered in ribbons and spraying champagne?!
Murat, thank you, appreciating your tweeting as well...
Great to meet you tonight Nick! Let's get coffee soon.
Happy Birthday to Thelonius Monk!
happy birthday to have a great day you deserve it :-)
amen. the only time you should live with yo' parents is when you are in utero.
Leading a couples workshop right!!! Come to the next one March, 24!!! Familyandlifesolutions.com
We love Sony Wonder Technology Lab in NYC. Admission is free and exhibits include movie and music creation, robot station and nanotechnology
. What? And give up CLI goodness?! I currently use GitX when I feel a need to succumb to the gui & admit defeat
What the hell did I do??
Glad to see you're back at "work"
oh no! Get your butt back here!
all about efficiency. Im told it makes the body scan faster and more impressive
You got it to recognize your phone?
Awesome post! I completely agree that food blogging is getting really repetitive and redundant. Great job! :)
So much great morning tunage...
Is it okay for me to take advantage of your low self-esteem for my own sexual gratification? I promise I'll wear a tie.
History RT : what is your specialty?
What's on your mind?
You were totally right!! ;)
Yup. We're going to add a note on that.
2nd Annual Ad Club Bowling Happy Hour @ Star Lanes on the Levee, January 18 from 6-9pm, Come out and show us what you got!
happy 10th bday ! thank you for being an awesome sponsor and friend to the cmc!
CAN'T WAIT.
Wow, thanks Rita! We love to serve our clients. Btw, follow us on for server status updates.
"are on" not "our on" whoops! Great, Ill be sure to spread the word to our renters!
Look like Italian, I am in for Dooks, so is Usher. U need to get a hold of Gooser
captive market, also bullshit perk structures
Long songwriting session after work today. Trying to shoot for crappy musical gold
Of course the SKC rain jacket I purchased is sold out...but of course it doesn't show up as sold out online and nobody contacted me.
I think I might have to switch back to a written calendar....Hm.
Kickboxing to the yeah baby!
I guess what I'm saying is do what you have to do to make your mother proud. Steal cigarettes. Forward tweets. Poke a bear.
Lol passing notes in class was the texting of the~
they'll eventually just hand over to Whole Foods or something, because they can't pay the upkeep. The original purchase price
i dont look like my age but im nine
Omg that was so funny!!!!
well madrid has more cups & clasicos won!
Follow my new page now and unfollow this one!!
Why is not answering me
Intellectual Property protection is the only remaining advantage of western culture. Fix SOPA; don't scrap it.~D
Hey I got your wristband!!!! here we come!!!!!!
I'm sitting on a couch with 3 other real people talking real talk
#aintthatit “ “ IM BOUT TO SMOKE, FUCK YOU....””
Education isthe most powerful weapon, which you can use to change the world. - Nelson Mandela
I dont know what to do :/
#YOFIA yupp, we're gonna take the trends again.
Loving this refreshing rain right now
Got back to ORD last night from #Oberstaufen via ZRH and YYZ. ~50 movies to choose from. Enjoyed Amreeka, Extract, No Country 4 Old Men.
April 14th is less than a month away. Who's ready for the ? I know we are. If you haven't signed up yet let's do that today.
Elon Musk founder of PayPal talks about the future of human space flight at the National Press Club.
I thought was great last night! The #HolyLand story is so provocative.
Nothing like watching vacuum infomercials at 7:30 in the morning. Do you think it can clean up a hangover?
very well said! HNY
Me but it'll be even better if you did!!! :-) oh I didnt mean to be a nerd but its learning so Id do it lol..
Thank you :) RT“: you girls look pretty :)”
C'mon Columbus. The job market here can't be THAT slow right now. Can it?
And the Heat win good game
THAT is the most badass poster ever.
HAPPY FRIDAY to all of you Rawk Stars! What's in store for your rawsome weekend?
Golden Eye 007 > RT Max Payne was the livest shooting game period
But, that means I've been pregnant for like forevah.
just curious, who is your hero(s)?
Love that city. Almost as much as I love Toronto.
What if Siri and HAL got married?
How have you been Sis?
Right there with you...but guess we have to make the most of it. Have a Great day! (:
hey remember when Dysterya told everyone she was the bloodT of the unicorn basically clocking everyone with the teapot
happy friday! are you wearing your cat-eye sunnies this wknd? round lenses are also hot shapes this season!
haha aw thank you :)
Today is considerably nicer than it was yesterday. Even if there's more storms coming tomorrow, I'll gladly take a respite today!
When you realize im better then yo man
my <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0094>dip turned out good<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Levels in reverse!
And a Happy April Fools to everyone! We've been looking at googlemaps in 8-bit and WestJet's kid-free cabins here. Any favourites so far?
#ndpl 'avoid a monopoly on eBook distribution. we want to buy and lend new books' -peter brantley
I have to go to bed already I think. I have to wake up at 2:45 tom morn. Or is it better just to stay up.
wht could cause me to gt hives as soon as it becomes spring in #stl? w the internet ive concluded im either a horse or allergic to march 17.
Turn our dreams into Reality, that's why these crap ass niggas mad at me
today seems like another boring day. :-(
I can be so into someone. Then one stupid move will turn me off for good smh
Chris Dede: model for scale in education is not adoption but adaptation.
Hope you feel better babe.
I don't know the key to success but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.~Bill William Henry Cosby
Yes. Without a doubt, yes.
Tired as fuck. Man fuck the STAAR test we took today. <U+E421><U+E00D><U+E421>
Hey thanks for the RT - Happy Labor Day Weekend!
No, my window of opportunity has closed. RT “: are you interviewing?”
done! Can I get a RT for support/fundraising?
Calder Quartet have totally converted me to Polygamy as a concept
twitter is becoming just as addictive as facebook used too..
It's like the butterfly sensing another butterfly, but seeing a caterpillar.
6th Thursday of Lent
or at least a picture of a dragon... ;)
You got it brother!
#thingsmlkwouldntapproveof all the drako Malfoy looking flannel shirt wearing white kids stealing the black mans swag
Maui Academy of Performing Arts will perform tonight at 6:30 p.m. They will do a Fash Mob performance. Very talented group!
Getting it in wit B n knockout king for B's Bday luv yall n miss B too smooch MAMI <3! AH GOO-NIGHT !
you've judged my hair and my drink this week...
Wow, #Oscar's not shy for Hugo.
I think we can credit the fox noisemachine with a lot of how the media discussion has been driven there
we missed each other by about 12 hours.
girl I'm sure I will find happiness w/ a man but right now I'm def not looking
I am. I will. I've got to win. I'm still looking around my competition.
Japan scores to go ahead 2-1 against Sweden in the 59th minute.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :)
Luckily! And he was nice enough to give me my car back without the $200 towing fine!
Mark your calendars for the NIQUEA.D Spring Soiree trunk show at Friday, May 4th 5-8 PM.
We all strive to be more like Jesus, but then why do see people walking around in a different mindset?
then you're**
you better play "Be Mine"!
When my mom leaves for PR it will be great because I will be able to enjoy the luxury of being alone :)
Plethora of #equality RTs = my disappointment abt #same-sex #marriage constitutional ban passing in #NorthCarolina. Did i wake up in 2004?
lol ikr i played reciever linebacker and outfield for 5 years but im clumsy as mess :O
Hey it was totally worth not letting you buy me and her drinks :D Hope you & had a great time!
[Fill in the Blank] Mama Pita pita wraps are so good they make me want to: ______________________.
#PSA Deodorant is a must
Finally! The sun is here! Come celebrate its long awaited arrival on our patio!
Love the weekends when I have people to hang out with all day.
Siri has already given me so much happiness.
Now i know how austin felt in that ustream he did a couple weeks ago where he was really sad. /:
Oh. My. Gawd! LUV TRESPASSING! How great is this album? ! Shady and Kickin' In are the holy grail of Funkilicious! Funky Yummy!
god.. now I'm going to just start laughing my ass off when I meet him picturing this convo
Love it! I can't wait for my Girl Scout cookie orders to start rolling in.
We love animals - we can make their medication into a treat that they will enjoy. Don't make them take pills if they don't have to!
kant wait till saturday!!! ima go to Elitchesz with some of the homiesz and ima get my season pass!!! cant wait!!!
I was also at a point when I refused to buy bigger sizes before I found #HCG. I'm glad we don't have that problem any more!
Starting to come alive. Bound and determined to make this the Best. Monday. Ever!
Thanks to you can buy tickets for this Sat. for $9.19! Get your tickets online & enter "ilovewnrn" as promo code.
yeah :C
I've got big plans this weekend! Going to the Capital! Tried to think of a Hunger Games joke to go here but nothing is coming to me :(
HAHAHA! that's embarrassing, good thing it was all you! :p
sorry, I see no good reason for the php scope resolution operator to be officially called paamayim nekudotayim. seriously?
#ThatOnePersonWho Always tops your story.
Next week I'm at Stetson University in DeLand, FL. Panel discussion is on the Confederate flag debate.
is watering the grass with his sweat.
Yep. Big data. Cloud. Social media. Mobility. No new news here.
Thank you :D
Mr. Inumerable is subbing since Coach Blas is MIA for Newspaper! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
No hate man. Just encouragement. We all start somewhere to get to our goals.
KFYR-TV Makes the Conversion to HD - KFYR-TV
Had a great time watching the #Oscars last night! The stars looked stunning on the red carpet!
Wants a candy bar. BADLY. chocoholic.....
your so fucking welcome :)
#bizforum Response time PLUS quality of response is important. Have to balance both.
yo what we gone do about this project ?
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(13
Can it be time for already? Cause' I seriously cannot wait. It's one of the highlights to every summer!
thanks for the follow !!!!
So I got like no sleep. Today should be lovely.
We see an occasional Brown Headed Cowbird at our feeders. They never make their own nests and use nests of more than 220 bird species!
I'll play you in Drawthing!
#STL #ORD #PDX #SLC #IAD ...looks like its gonna be "A" fun next few weeks!
same!!! : Absolutely fabulous to see you tonight.
#Whydoialways stay up so late.
Next! RT House backer withdraws Web anti-piracy bill reut.rs/yODO3e via
never too late to start good habits ;-)
thanks for the #FF shoutout! Hope are having a #FabFriday too
my education comes first , lol remember that .
i'm stuck waiting for an upload to finish, gonna be showing up a few minutes late... grr
I JUST MADE YOU THE DOPEST THING!! I HOPE YOU LOVE IT!! HAPPY EASTER!!
Marrekesh is a zoo! Eating in the food stalls at Djamaa el Fna was fun, but getting back was quite an adventure. A little scary at night...
That awkward moment whem an adult is trying to be funny and u have to fake laught just to be polite -.-
I miss you come back Columbia,MO Encore Encore Encore!!!!!!
it's actually a score of Two Pages with a calendar and two accordionists overlaid.
1h till I'll take my plane and fly to NY. :D can't wait.
Early morning flight to Phoenix
What if you lost your memory from the past four years.
Something smells like kettle corn. If it's not kettle corn, I'll be a little grossed out.
your cover of Neil Young's "Heart of Gold" makes us tingly all over.
Thanks You and your team at #GRAEF made it all possible.
Thanks for the follow ! Enjoyed your preso yesterday.
Cocktails were stellar by Albert but ginger-apple #mocktail I will dream of!
Aladdin never gets old. I love this movie!
I wish I had some stacks. I'd buy and reopen Rico's and make that like American Ribera.
and , what are the realistic chances that Rod Smith gets in the Pro Football HoF?
10pm Ben n jerry's run...
good for you. Read your
Rafael's slinging them until 10pm followed by our girl, Nikki. Challenge them to bar dice. I dare you!
for my speech I'm going to thank Nate 4 all he does 4 distance athletes @ Dimond. So I'm giving him a present. A puppy!
Alicia has one Up on Jackie. Just sign the house over to the kids n stop meddling.
night friend!
Thanks for the tips. I'm not as pissed off today...
I'd never watched before last night.
There were some things I thought interesting (figures and trends since 1940s) and some that bored me, but overall, a good piece!
Sup twitter ?
You're welcome! Have a good day!
dirt cheap, comerica
Today is my 15th day on this job and I haven't had a major falling out with a single coworkers Maybe I'm finally maturing...
Check the group email. There's contests happening.
Thanks so much! You know I think I knew that somewhere in the back of my mind... :) We should meet for lunch sometime!
Mention this ad & receive a free travel blanket for dog w/ any $100+ purchase.Spend $50+ & receive free Skooperbox.Very limited quantities!
The long Wong's show is almost here, take the Light Rail to the show and enjoy some great live music!
Massachusetts Law Prohibits Discrimination On the Basis of Gender Identity & Gender Expression - Is your workplace prepared?...
RT : Is 'demon monkey' better than 'imp'?
hit me up when you get a chance.
I'm going back to Cheswick, buying it for $1.25, and setting it on your doorstep.
9 point plan being released tomorrow look for education and public safety as well as pension plan. Pension plan on www.withwarren.com
. quoting : "it's not often that you have 10 months to change the world."
In case ya didn't notice, I am an atheist. Freedom of religion does not mean YOU get to make choices for me. Goodbye.
"Be the teammate you would want to play with." -Coach Calipari. Could this be the golden rule of basketball?
lol i was like why does he keep tweeting the same thing
Me too. I would def like to have at UK for 8-10 yrs.
Brains on the beach-
fair enough! Yeah that isn't too bad at all, it's around that temp here today.
That's sick.
You're welcome, brother! Good luck!
Glasses for the week got an eye infection from prom
You are very kind. Do stay in touch!
Even though I do not like to read long books, there is a ton of books that I would love to read someday.
the rich do not take care of me my family and I struggled to get where we are
OC can suck it
Think imma ride up to the lake sit on the rock & just think.
if a Microsoft programmer molested a kid, should they not be able to sell Windows or make any programs for 10yrs. ?
I just got to meet and found out she has a son named "Goop".
Have been having a great weekend at my friends place. Relaxing with the doggies here. :)
that's good , hows perry
Crazy! What is it? Should I expect it on soon or client work?
birthday happy
wishing I was in that circle
Meeting with Captain America tonight for sushi and to talk about our new album! Keep your eyes peeled!
The french press is a tremendous device.
Thanks and for coming out to EWU and speaking to our VCD Program about The 6 Traits of Effective Business Websites.
Hi Welcome back to twitterville.
Happy Easter to all, and to all a good night!
Death Star, Chem Dawg 4, and Sour D in-stock and tasty.
Happy Thursday everyone, its a lovely day in the city!
Thanks to all our new followers and to for making it happen. ;)
oh there are so many things to know haha
I disagree w employers req access to #facebook, educators should use discretion in either their postings or friends list...
#ThatAwkwardMoment when ur mouth is open and u realize you've been crop dusted lmbo
I still can't believe you got kicked out yesterday.. You were so scared!
if nfl had a 4 team playoff, eli would be ringless .... just an ordinary qb
Mwaha let the social life begin
C'mon I'm tryna see some crazy shit
Don't get caught with your roof down. Look before you leak!
No luck, but didn't go through every page yet. Gah! I want it!!! lol
Happy Halloween Everyone ,! <3
Toast New Years with chocolate: Champagne Truffles
Standing water on freeway at 60th literally cannot see anything.
No man to break through to the rooftop No man to hold down the door No man to hold on to the children As the water rose up through the floor
Hot then cold
What's not to like about ?
what if I'm the one who's over her house when your not! Theres a lot she doesn't tell you Jackie ;)
First day of spring!
It's a wrap! Cellophane Dragon Lady shoot is done done done! Can't wait to share the finished images! So sparkly <3
All of us ICONiacz got our backs!If the Cops didnt come thru all of da ICONiaz would be there to fuck dat bitch up,whos w/ me?
"Yo Usher" "JB, Whatsup man?" "Just playing video games with Ryan" "Think you can hold the house up till I get back?" "Yeah, I can do that."
its okay!
I only just now discovered the show "Up All Night!" I haven't laughed that hard since Seinfeld and Friends.....
I think I'm too late for that. Mimi's it is!
yea how u kno?
Let us know if you spot any Baylor Bears Gear!!! (Yes, our owner is a Baylor Bear Sic'em Bears!)
That breakfast sandwich and huge "Latte" were a big mistake. I can already feel myself getting sick.
I have to admit, its weird. I dont exactly miss you, but I do miss talking the way we used to. Back when no topic went unspoken of.
okay bye
Some students love being observed and some don't. I know everyone is different, but I wonder what makes people more or less open.
New Toronto, Brooklyn, Chi-Town, H-town, LA & Florida custom New Era Fitteds www.KINGOFFITTEDS.com
bolding 5star electric shaver then blind out. Tap glide with grain of hair the blend with andie master
Choose life today. Stop smoking.
“: Nothing and no one, no matter how glorious, will ever satisfy a heart designed for God.”
Landed in Miami... Next stop FORT MYERS! Only three more hours!
sorry sir Joseph I'll go to bed
I wish I could see the hunger games at the midnight premiere!!
Per SI's Peter King: The #Titans will exit September with zero kickoff returns and 11 touchbacks.
beyond excited about beginning filming The Dark One tomorrow. Three intense days of filming in my home county... small town friendly.
but I've already seen it!
Thanks for coming! Great having you! Can't wait to collaborate.
Did Iguodala really do the Mike Jordan and jump on scorers table after a BS 1st round win?
Erica perry! Welcome to dagnomusic!
Speaking of... any advance on lyric suggestions?
Thanks for the feature!
Fort Lauderdale Airport, MIami Airport , Palm Beach Airport ? Try Transportation100 (561) 212-1236
high heels are definitely on the list.
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does
your tweet gives me pause.
Definitely enjoyed the perspectives about facebook web archiving and twitter accounts for archives! I'm going to go do it!
No longer fixated on inflated goals/nonsense milestones. My writing is flowing naturally and the lower my score the more work I do!
Mcgahee gets the First yard, Broncos got the Ball at the Patriots 41.
Kadee calls double knots super knots haha adorable
Now matter how strong a girl is, she has a weak point and sometimes all she needs is a hug and someone to tell her it's alright.
Thanks for the follow:
My Birkenstocks hit the broken bit just wrong - they were my first option. I basically want Chaco sandals in, like, boot form
We love making someone's day! Wahoo! RT : made me so, so happy. Perfect day!
can i get a shout And a follow
I'm great. I will follow.
thts good. They all do tht. Ur nephews over here be fightin each other. Smh
Oh come on! LOL!
ah im sorry im still working on it :( busy busy bee. promise itll be done soon! don't worry im not forgetting (:
all is well dear. Everything is going great. How is the play coming along ?
With the corporate softball team in 17-A
Getting the site up and running - Stay tuned!
sometimes for whats right you need to hold back and attack at the right time not when other people think its right for them.
What? There haven't been any NBA games this year? Hadn't even noticed.
What are you doing...Where are you .... please come back to me soon! I need you over the summer to keep me sane!
make extra sure to get contracts!
GAGA MISS U
Some people think they are hot shit when they are really just cold diarrhea lol
Work to become, not to acquire. - Elbert Hubbard
check southwest
Lots to do before NYC. Ready as ever to get there!
I am intrigued. Stopped grading AP prompts (still comment, "score") but have kids do reflect paper. ALL of us happier, growing.
LOL ima puke whats in my stomach put it in a plastic container and ship it to you via UPS how bought that conio !
!!MAYBE THE ONE THT U WNT TO BE THE RIGHT ONE IS NT THE RIGHT ONE IS THE PERSON THT U WNT GVE THE TME OF THE DAII!!:-)
Today's writing tip: Cleaning your house declutters the mind.
Why she crying seriously yo she a bitch lol
I keep working with a student who's name is close enough to Jean-Ralphio that I can't stop laughing to myself every time I see his name.
Season finale of Once Upon A Time !!
He's doing it again! #hostileworkplace RT Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came"
totally understand -retweeting IS double edge sword, while it reaches those who might not have seen, it annoys those who have!
Labor day is right around the corner!! Got to love those long weekends!Check out your local dealership this weekend for deals that end 9/6!
FL SB 1312 calling 4 guidelines 4 mgmt of food allergies in FL schools passed the Senate. Waiting 4 House vote 2day or 2morrow.
BTW the return of DAVID WALLACE to #theoffice (which may autocorrect I just discovered to throbbing- watch out) has me looking fwd to show
I just want to sit at home and watch Beavis and Butthead and Daria.
New and dropping today! Stay tuned!
Overheard @ thrift store. "going for a sexy urban cowgirl look. My friend is getting married on the playa, going to be magical."
Amusing mult choice answer: "The peaceful outcome of the 2000 Presidential election in the US validated the strength of the US Constitution"
Reason #3 that CIS works: CIS is #costeffective. The average cost of CIS is approximately $200 per student served. Wow.
if only!!! What a wonderful world it would be! TheBoxingCoach: Does New Years Eve really happen like in the movies?
;) thanks RT : Great meeting and hanging with , , & . Everyone looking fly.
#legalchat everyone is talking about "marketing" on line and creating online presence, but what do you specifically mean?
I'm truly #ForeverAlone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
And i lost my job recently but a few days later i got another one! So i already have money saved for la from gambling. Its in my bakpak!
Why the heck can't I be sitting in the Opera show getting everything "SHE" likes I want an iPad,ugg,boots,coach bag!!! Those r my fav too
The Boardwalk. And it's free!
#IAlwaysWonderIf I annoy you when I talk to you.
im awesome, you?
#DontGo in the street or you could be subject to arrest since the street will not be closed
happy birthday
Bro, just swing your arm before you cross the line and there's your sack
maybe...aint seen him ina min. bt where are his tats??
. Megan Draper would fit in a lot better on "Girls"
I didn’t believe a word of it because I didn’t place any value on college degrees—the fact that I had one proved how much they were worth.
what paper?!?!?
- that's CRAZY talk! I am laughing out loud
yep! Was a blast, perfect day to dance through Seattle
Does your social media campaign really work & actually bring you sales? If you want more, click here for this free report...
yeahh:) 15! i have same birthday as alli simpson and kelly clarkson! but it never feels like my bday anymore:(
We are!
recording a new puffiny song we wrote tonight...will post the demo soon!
Jose Rivera unscrewed my head and reattached it sideways tonight. Thanks for bold, NY theatre!
And I'm supposed to have crazy appetites and weight gain but I can't eat! Thought of eating is gross and disturbing! Full & almost nauseated
A Marlins home game is like going to the Carnival.
Thanks so much for RT on Free dining at Disney!! Have a magical day!
#ItMakesMeHappyWhen people suggest ideas of new places they would like to find Epic Cookies. I am listening!
Sang at the #Bluebird Cafe tonight!! Veryy fun:))
New review coming soon!! Who's ready for some new music?!
oh I own it. And now I'm onto "Tiny Vessels." I usually start feeling too sappy during "We Looked Like Giants"
Ratings are up, attendance is up, interest is up at the US Open....Is tennis back on the rise in the U.S? We'll see...
I'd rather expand on Jill Zarin "Good or bad, I know who I am, and I own it. And I'm bad! I'm a piece of shit!"
When direct access becomes the ONLY acceptable option, and we do what it takes to own it fully, our profession will have arrived
girl you need to suck it up!!!
Happy Mother's Day for all blessed mothers around the world. Wish you Healthy,wisdom,longevity. :*
RT Now this is the type of weather I've been looking for! Sunny and lovely in NYC!!
Reminds us, Kasabian at is our Show of the Night! RT : Really stoked for Kasabian. Been waiting years for this
Im craving flintstone vitamins. I wish they were snackable without the whole death thing.
She was also a terrific player in her day, but should have stopped there. Does not make a good tv reporter.
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. ~ W. Churchill”
In press conference on budget signing, Gov. Gregoire says there is no way that the state can fund education without more revenue.
I suppose it is copyright infringement. But I'm just giddy that grooveshark felt my music was worthy of copyright infringement!
Thanks man. We strive for 1st place every time. Building our clients all across the nation. Thanks for your support.
RT : #youmightbeanautismparentif your child has taught you more about love life and what truly matters, than the other way around
I hate getting out of my bed.
The fact that half our hotel rushed to 's side when someone picked a fight with him last night
#Night everyone
when and where I wanna wrestle with ya/help you with some stuff
#dudeboobs ? is in! RT : will you sign my boobs tonight
Sent out a mass text on my phone saying "I've lost my phone, can you please call it?" I got 10 missed calls..I need smarter friends
A man that is driving out of his lane in life(his calling)will surely crash. Make sure that your doing what God told "U" 2 do!
Delta airlines really needs to look at their service levels in BTR. And, the high # of flights cancelled & delayed.
They Tryed Hacking Us HAHAHAHAHA . Were Back @ It .. Bigger And Better ! You Can Not Stop The Best ....
I don't like either team but I just hope its a good game
Happy Friday!! Make sure to get out there and enjoy those last days of playing in the snow here in Colorado...
bro I sent you my cell number.
Just caught myself watching the show Castle, which is terrible by the way. I got sucked in by Dancing With The Stars. Well done, ABC.
Charles E. Jefferson~ Gratitude is born in hearts that take time to count up past mercies.
Oh my gosh. I love this class!
Hi. Is there an e-mail address where I can reach staff/admin? Thank you
just fell going up the stairs again, omg
Last week of middle school, legggggo.
haha just saw your email
Thanks for the follow!
Im gonna need the lakers to work this out in the 2nd half
follow back please... thank you,,,
they both are working
this shit jus made my week! My nigga came to see me. !
No I haven't. Why do you ask?
I look forward to seeing your tweets as well! :)
jairus parting ways with alessa. new drummer getting ready to go! thank u for your efforts to help alessa is red jairus! :)
When people sing #BOYFRIEND in the hallway >
congrats on Egypt!
I found that Michael Jordan movie/documentary..want me to send it? It may take some of this games pain away! Lol!
Life is like a box of crayons. Most people are the 8-color boxes, but what you're really looking for are the 64-color boxes...
The Gross Clinic is a regional gem
How come the most beautiful girls have the lowest self-esteem?
has been saying this for years. Access to libraries and books are crucial for language acquisition
your music is AMAZING :)))
Love learning from she is always amazing!! #edjewcon keynote
but knowing the ending beforehand doesn't make for a very exciting game...
Thanks for the listen!
They know who they are :)
Is it sad that I want to see Titanic again even though I saw it on Saturday hahah. I'm just so interested in the history of it. I'm a nerd.
I know exactly what you are talking about. Lol. Learn young fella "do as I say" lol. help this dude out!
Hopefully don't have too many leftovers! RT Q: How long can you keep leftovers from a restaurant in the refrigerator? A:...
RT : Skype is the gmail of native apps -- giant, poorly done UI overhauls thrown out randomly for no apparent reason
your fun to play with. But not that fun,)
It was! Chilling watching #Star ..I LOVE their programs:)
steve Walsh Dallas to Nola
I followed back!:)xo
i know I'm late but followed. (:
will miss you at HATSUME this year!
I remember my mother’s prayers and they have always followed me. They have clung to me all my life...Happy Mother's Day!
Nobody interesting to talk to on here right now
my heart deserves more than this.
i'm miley cyrus.
You amaze me! Great working with you again!
Did they pay for you to go to Utah? Does it have DiCaprio? Directed by Tarintino? No, then 3 out of 5.
I've always identified with Gen X
Owning a home is a keystone of wealth.. both financial affluence and emotional security”. –Suze Orman
not very good. Villarreal got relegated today
not too young.
Just saw "reference call" listed on my supervisor's calendar... as in a call from the university I interviewed with asking her about me?!
man i so stale at u for twitting that
Haha... is playing Sharp Dressed Man in her lounge and all I can think about is the opening to Duck Dynasty haha...
Disney World... The happiest place on Earth
In 2 hours it's May. Just let that one sink in for a bit.
I feel you fb
#youcanttrust no one or nothing!!!! Everything is a lie and no one is real!!!!
vaffanculo wear in the works :) you're gonna love our gear!!!!
You need to get right with God. RT : I really want to slap the fuck out of this woman at this bar.
Think fun thoughts, bad opponent plays (which looks like a sure thing at your table), and good results should occur
But there's a larger question of how to appeal to devs who might not be interested in journalism, but in some of our common goals
Hell Yeah. ima take food tomorrow lol or money
Thanks for tweeting that! Funny post, and I'm so glad to have found Marcie's blog. :)
I'll take black, javs will take reg? #ihaddibs !?! I'll look at both, right now I'd say b then reg, could change mind
Less than 48 hours until the Indiana Landmarks Center Wondrous Opening Weekend. Will we see you there?
brought up performance targets. Schnur answers: "Kids need a press from outside the school, benefit from bigger goals."
things are awesome, how are you?!
Barkley on TV: "Even if you're a Cyclops with four eyes, they pass the eye test." Chuck, Cyclopses have one eye.
#crazycollegemoment this yr, walking in on my room mate putting it down and that girl proceeding to ask if i wanna participate in a 3some...
Add me on ps3 : suhkcess
that would be awesome! I'll send you my address.
Fat Tuesday today. Come down and get your eat on.
I am thinking about getting a Ford Focus 1.8 TDCi Viva for a new car!
Salmon Fest this weekend! Great events, Awesome food and Cool people!
- are you on Facebook? We need to keep in touch!
Although Hargrove deserves the 8 games for his involvement in the bounty program, suspending only 4 players is a little weird
James to Wade
james said it was on friday
Have faith in yourself and the decision you make for your life...key words its #YourLife so live it how you want to
why are u in nashville?
#HappyBirthdayJudasVideo I remember this time last year staying up until eleven o'clock just to watch this Music Video. Well done
Aight let me know if u decide to go, and when u on ur way
I'm gone start acting the way people act towards me
they are under emo when you look them up so is fall out boy
If you think 2011 was great, Wait until you see what Rocktagon has in store for 2012!! Happy New Year
Btw if u ever go on a date take a bag to cover ur face so ur so called "Date" Wont get blind from ur ugly ass face. Ahh Burn
I did! In related news, I learned that 3 hours of sleep does not work when you're 31.
never loose u!!! Basics Baby! BRING IT HOME!!! Someone needs too......
sure that works. Let's email to finalize when and where
If he learned to defend the Pick & Roll, the Lakers would be far and away a better team. That's a big "if" though
Back from the lake. Awesome time. Great fishing. Think I need a second shower. What did I miss? Get at me.
C minor blues scale <3
jelena is over !!
Very good article on possible formation and combinations for RBs. Enjoyed it.
Hi, I teach the twins tennis in NYC, if u want free lesson as well ur more than welcome! :)
Thanks for the shout-out but I think you mean not ??
I am trying to get a detailed picture of the eastern Mediterranean. From Italy in the north doing a semi-circle to Libya or thereabouts.
WE HAVE A WINNER!
just posted it~~
Good news: Found my old roller blades. Bad news: one's broken, the boot's ripped, and I need new ones.
Everything around us is made up of energy, to attract possitive things in your life, start by giving positive energy!
So true RT : RT I miss Rick Perry. This is like watching an episode of Friends with no Phoebe.
#Gold, #Silver or #Platinum? Which one is ur favorite?
If you don't text me first, there will not be a conversation.
Read a good article about Government employees teleworking; the leadership needs to consistently walk the talk. Trust but verify.
Just talk, don't emotionalize every sentence.
Enforcement of Law Doesn't apply2the very top. 9/11 coincidently gave #Riches & #Immunity while …
Hope u have a wonderful-n safe-weekend bro. I'll hold down the M til u return...well @ least til I leave Tues nite! ~Back to MV!!
hello! My first time joining #ggchat I'm a drummer/songwriter looking for auditions. Please help! Thank you!
Free bottle of Solar Advance Sunscreen face lotion today, printable coupon for upgraded members
Seems like Chris Young and him feed off each other and give each other pointers. But he needs an in your face guy too maybe
it IS a good morning isn't it
Whats a five letter word for "raring to go"?
#JBSOMEDAY I will Meet you and Its going to be the greatest day of my life
no problem... make sure you download a video trimmer along with the app... that way you can cut the part you want.
“: Happy bday joker”Good Look Sis, What U Doing Tonight Bitch!!!
Wow. Somewhat surprising to see Boston's Back Bay store there!
What's your favorite thing about the Internet?
Your welcome!
Got to see the Space Shuttle strapped to the top of a 747 in NY today, but couldn't get a photo. Awesome sight to see though!
launching new site now... tweeting link shortly :)
Thanks, Jenny!
becuz he kept asking me that same damn question "I want some head ' over n over like ugh
what about Spotify?
We'll be playing at the Maison tonight with E. Company! We hit at 10pm and they go on at midnight, come party on frenchmen st!!!
Need help finding an apartment in #NYC ? Feel free to contact me at
I don't, idk where to find that out actually
I forgot how amazing the song Goodbyes was by JamisonParker... Oh my god...
I would like to DM you a question...may I?
locked and loaded ~ ready for anything ~
if you have anything to say to and speak now of forever hold you peace ok!
Mixed emotions ...
Get better! Sad to see you go
That's who I meant. Him and others. :)
Would you rather have the zombie apocalypse or the Skynet (Terminator) apocalypse?
If you find out, please let us know!
Follow we follow back...NO ONE Above the Click!! Loyalty before dishonor!!! B.M.C. We follow back..
That ended before i can press the start button oh well lol Going to the studio!!!!
Customer appreciation day $1 subs!
that's for sure my dude
Specials: Soup: Cream of Broccoli, Pasta: Fettucine with Chicken, Pizza: Pepperoni, Carmalized Onions, Peppers & Mushrooms
#Marissa. Got to get my spelling right.
The kingdom of heaven is like a net which was thrown into the sea and gathered fish of every kind. EARTH
I love you Carolyn Dunn.. Muahh!!
What music do you listen to while you're reading a novel?
MUST<U+2600>Follow to // I'm hanging in there sweetie. How are you?
I want food. And some good music.
dope tracks.. This a good thing we got going. Keep up the dopeness
hi, when is your show coming back on???
Hahahahah! Oh my gosh! PERFECT!!
Password changed; good for another 12 hours or so
what if i was calling to offer you a job? but your shitty attitude just took you out the running??? ppl walk around so angry at the world
When I saw u were online I smiled so big!!:) I'm so happy now!! I missed u!!:(
see?! and now you're tired, right?
can't wait for it...love Gus..& ur alright too...lol
Shooting three different commercial concepts today, catalog, billboard, and website....long day ahead.
Great first day at #neara11 met up with some gr8 educators I have not seen since last yr in NOLA!
hola twitter, anyone celebrating rosh hashanah tonight?! i cant wait to celebrate with my family<3i feel like i haven't seen them in so long
RT For Follow Back ;*
disappointing, I can only imagine...
I got my zumba pants on and my jersey on...Go Bills!
College: Trooper confirms call to pick up injured Petrino The state trooper often assigned to protect Arkansas football coach Bobby Petr
I can't wait to color Easter eggs!<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
<U+266B>The Seventh Principle of Kwanzaa is Imani (Faith).
Tomorrow is gone be to damn fun...I seat on 3rd row 6th seat on the left side
Which Tweet do we Retweet? All of them?
Happy New Year from the AppkeTekGuru family!!
Nope, no clue.
S/O for keeping the game on, cause I show was gon change the channel lol
I've realized the one #nail different trend works best when the colors are unrelated. What about texture or finish?
star wars blu-ray is worth ever penny song and everything been redone it feels like you are there depending if you have a sound system.
very very jealous (very!) Eat some banana bread pudding and a Po Boy (in that order) for me.
no, is just my BF. but her brewery, #1 in the world,didn't take our wedding plans into consideration, so I miss her
your performance in #SolomonKane was moving-the movie was an excellent choice to kick off #AF2012 Great cape flip!
School tomorrow <
If money make the world go round then pussy should make it jump lmao....
F is for friends who do stuff together, U is for you and me, N is for anywhere at any time at all
On my own I generally have very messy hair, wear jeans and sneakers. Jewel Kilcher
Argh - hope the surgery is nothing serious. Your hands & arms must be OK, at least.
When your #dog is off the leash if he goes ahead, turn and walk in the opposite way he will soon notice and come rushing after you
• follow us b #400 win surprize gift ! we buy gold silver coins articles of value !WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 FREE LAYAWAY!
Swagg is for boys. Class is for men. -Best Facebook status that poped up on my TL.
- Currently Accepting Early Birthday Gifts ! :)
Poinsettias for sale in our gift shop were just marked down! Check out our sale prices by visiting soon, while supplies last!
Congrats to all 6 team members who celebrated their 20th year with EPS this morning! Excellent excuse for a pancake breakfast!
Kate Beckinsale is one classy actress.
There's not too many times where I'm happy on Monday mornings, but this is one of them. (:
omg I'm dying this is so old
what's your email address?
I am typing this from my very first iPhone. My life is forever changed!
Its kinda late tho and plus im in bed already LOL
Ha! Thanks Hon!
When loving people together, the world seems like a fairy tale...
Drano-ing to Sam Cooke.
Who has 2 work EVERYDAY this weekend?? #I do!!!
Its a little late, but thanks for the #FF!!
Happy birthday star!!!:-)
sjcjjwjskxowopad fine :D
I love waking up to as my alarm.(: it starts my day off right. Good morning everyone!
TEXT ME...what's wrong why do u wanna do that??....
Zetas during Charro Days.
Why yes, , I am interested in watching Highlander. Thank you.
Absolutely cannot believe my brother is 19. AND a sophomore in college?!
Tiger and Federer, both left for dead, now resurgent.
i muted you after i verballed you bra
See you at the fair on September 2nd!!
Welcome back to your Tweet Harem! *blows kiss*
Fall seven times, stand up eight. - Proverb
Indeed it would. I meant "vulgar display" in the Pantera sense of the word. Google it. :)
I hope not!! :( That's pretty much the type of job I hope to get post MLIS. :(
Patrick Stump sang, wrote, produced and played every instrument of "Soul Punk". Unbelievable pop album. Check out "Soul Punk"
: Ha! Nope. Shame. A moment for the ages.
Yo #instagram needs to come out for #android already...
muito obrigado for a great success @ Americas Food show
today was just a bad day all over, the heat is to blame on how I feel ugh
Had lunch with an educated, nice, and open-minded Christian and enjoyed his views on same-sex marriage. I'm happy such people exist.
RT : Rick Gilfillan, director of CMS ctr for Innovation, 3-part aim: Better health, better care at better cost
I swear if bell blows this he is legit the worst
The next was about a Box office slump for 2011.... Surprised??? Not!!!!
i felt bad too! i was like no we need the never have i ever reigning champ!
I can sit and be on my phone all day and not get bored
lol yeah true , I'll text him , oh and I'll send you the link on fb btw it's Thursday at 6 :/
I VOTE YES TO ONE UNION!!
yup. Lol but it says to send my insurance info so i think it dose. Lol
had no idea people actually still watched
yes! Beautiful place.
Good night folks.
Oh Whitney Houston... I can't lie. I'm a little disappointed with your exit.
Sunday night, getting ready to hit the weak hard, thats right, all you lazy suckas are not gonna take my coin!!!!! Even you Hawaii 50 Babes
I have someone sending me a hot pink duct tape necklace that is braided with black. It sounds odd, yes, but looks so cool!
~Christmas decorations begin in the Hunter household.. Prepping for baby! We are so in the holiday spirit!
Time to step my game up
Bad Bad Boy's You make me feel so good(Mase )
Woah lol idk what happened if you gave it to me, maybe didn't transfer when I got an iPhone so we'll blame Verizon
“: is my new favorite country artist #voiceofanangel #addicted” well ain't that sweet
Ha! We all do! It's quite a challenge!
So glad to be back on 12th Street Ne. Wish I had left my cold/flu back in Arizona.
lol at me....the on;y one not watching the ustream
EVERYONE! FOLLOW he's amazing<3
I hate loosing followers, its like loosing friends. Ok well not really... But you know what I mean.
While we didn't win (we didn't expect to), I can safely say that I did not embarrass my university at the Gala. This is a step up for me.
I was at American Idol last night sitting behind you and said hi and told you I loved you! Do you remember acknowledging me? Haha.
Have a human tweet your stuff today and tomorrow. Hashtag is
Girls gone wild in this ma fucka
Can't wait for certain ppl to get out the shower #yeaaaahh (trey songz voice)
Thanks for following us on Facebook!
In the Summer I want to teach me how to wake board. (:
You know, I bet it REALLY helps on my applications when I put no educational degree, no work experience, and that I'm 16.
Here's an #FF for you, Maria. You're awesome!!
i always seem to cry when i listen to "all i want is you" by justin. idk why, it just brings back so many memories from december
u r too kind!! I see why jeanne likes u so much :-)
I thought the #Pittsburgh Steelers / Baltimore Ravens rivalry was big... nothin compared to
I really like what you bring to The Voice. I'm glad they brought you on this season! Now get on that stage and SANG!!!!!
no worries! We will seeya next time!
What is this town coming to? Damn.
Dreamworks Megamind screening at Arclight. What a great way to start a Sunday!
Lets try to be logical about this: You have a friend who has a deadly weapon and he's threatening a kid you don't like what do you do?
Actor Michael Madsen arrested after alleged fight with son
Melanie !!! You have my Vote... #IAmSimon #TeamAmaro :)
accidentally threw away KY tax refund check...on hold with department of revenue now....YAY Friday!
thank you for the retweet : )
Have a great weekend !
just make sure to ask for Morgan and our receptionists will take care of everything!
The Hidden Door Theatre is packed to the gills with Dylan fans!
Spinach/artichoke tortellini yesterday, pancakes and bacon this morning, chocolate covered pretzels currently in the freezer. Nom in
Oh is that all it takes! Perfect.
Yep, CNN covers THIS story of course, after not covering his delegate sweeps. Let everyone go back to sleep. He'll get delegates.
I have a friend that goes their every Sunday, she loves it:)
Chiefs are putting in a claim... Bears might get screwed
#saito Not easy to use images for this topic: emptiness. Post-its better than note cards. Good humor.
? I said surf lost to Ill. Arsonal got bodied by hitman. Surf thinks he's top 5 I don't know why.
Please follow me, I keep well, and are followers of Christian, Justin and Cody with more reason! are the best in the world! (:
What does it mean to dream that water is leaking from the roof and down the walls of your home?
granted, that one probably goes to the itunes store vs. data which wouldn't require a signal... but you never know.
Dad ** RT : I hate when my mom lies about shit
i would be delighted
Following People Back..!!!
Better Together<U+2665>
Minutes away from playing Gay Straight Bisexual or Tranny on The Zone @ 94.1 for WWE tickets. Tune in sweetums.
Fuck this day
SEXY! RT : Still in my pajamas cuz i don't wanna get dressed lol fuck it. I'll go to the bar like this :)
I wonder if God did tell him to run, why He didn't say he would win.
Just received my yellow pages. Threw it in the trash.
About to kick off the first RCC intro to improv class!
#betfriendbucketlist go To a concert where I don't throw up everywhere lol
Valentines day damn near like another christmas
What the hell... needs to show the match!
It's Tom Cruise as Jon Bon Jovi/Vince Neil/Bret Michaels. It's an apocalypse.
Men are so damn hard to trust...
I'm looking for people who want to cleaning that we junk cleaning up service for people
Give me a month to finish studying this film stuff an find my eye and I promise I am going to be major! Thank God for a Vision!
u as well. going big with can't wait for #camdyshop Tuesday
no ma'am. Single as can bee :))))
": cheer up pretty lady!" I need to see YOU.
White girls, gone wild, but we don't judge em though
Great season keep ur head up lex
About a week in and I'm still enjoying it. If you're around Wifi that much, I'd go for it
Working on C.P.E. Bach this AM. Guy knew how to make the piano rock and roll.
We need a range of housing options.
Got a ride home from <U+2764> love that bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Have a good event this weekend?
How does fit your style? Tell us and enter to win VIP seats to Fashion's Night Out in Newport Beach, CA!
any time
Excellent question. I use Twitter as a resource and don't hide it at all. Others... they like to pretend.
Today is our Street Law Fellow 's last day at We are going to miss her!
#LANL official: Las Conchas fire spread to current size overnight; it took Cerro Grande fire two weeks to grow to this size.
|#quotes Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
i so hate my life right now
we"ll be watching it when we r married too
yeah dude totally! Hit us up through our Facebook and we can work something out!
log cabin renutlicans can kiss my butt, and I'm officially baptizing romney, santorum & bachmann as GAY!
Man all the bottom of my tummy hurt!.
If you hear a voice within you say you cannot paint, then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced. -Vincent Van Gogh
words to live by for any man.
Starcraft Marine: Go! Go! Go!
I got u let's talk offline when u get a sec
this homeplate ump is killing the rangers this inning. Bad umping again...
Classic Damon arm
wish I could be there to hear Harry Sheppard..
Why do people who are moving at a walking pace usually run up stairs? I wonder about this every day.
W goes to Mayweather easy. That being said find it ridiculous how boxers carry all their belts to the ring. LMAO.
oh there was a great Roadhouse Reference on it last Thurs.
Good Morning Everyone! There are only 6 days left to Voice Your Choice! I am encouraging everyone to take advantage of Early Voting. It...
And I've finally hit the stage of browsing and bookmarking real estate listings weekly.
Where's the grassroots pushback against this actual #vastrightwingconspiracy against clean energy?
Dear paranoid people who check behind their shower curtains for murderers, If you do find one, what`s your plan?
Happy Holidays Portland! We're ringing in some cheer at home with our 'new' 1917 gulbransen player piano!
Thanks for signing up. I'm excited to read #UMBCsocial session ideas as they're posted on the blog! So many possibilities...
ya its broke
I'm not...just came across this randomly! It's a rare thing to find an in-depth write-up about card sorting
why is today moving so slowly? shouldn't i have been home by now?
That was awkward
labor of love indeed!
I need a Vegas trip
are u available?
point-A to point-B....and everything inbetween. Its all LOGISTICS Mary Vaugn & Michael Dalby right now
If your commute has you frustrated, why not pull in to Zuzu to wait out traffic? Enjoy happy hour (queso & beer) on our patio.
The only thing that would make this weekend better is if followed me! <>
Now THAT'S brilliant. RT : Do what I'm doing and unfollow & re-follow him several times.
Made a clan called #MLSG "Major League Salvadorian Gamer already over 10 people joined.
Scotland is dreich but my childhood memories of summer holidays are that it was always boiling.
Was combing through the #milbloggie nominations and saw your link. Great stuff! I'm going to add you to my blog roll first thing!
Agreed! Brands must also be aware of all groups the term "multicultural" includes.
you once called Michael Jackson a nutsac instead of nut job. A mistake IMO
Idc though it whatever. Lol it really not that worth it.
Every leader leads by the story they tell and by moving people with stories
Great idea! No Talking Tuesday.
I miss you!
Too fuckin busy...too busy fuckin...
you should
Right on! By Wed.a.m., I could always use a blast of Shiftless When Idle to get me up. 7:15: KBCO comes on clock radio. LOUD
Those are among my favorite America-hating cookies!
So will he sign an executive order to stop the deportation of US Veterans? If not it's just cheap talk!
I don't even have the words to thank you, Shauna!!
All men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality. ----David Allan Coe
Celebrate the warm weather today! Grab a drink from Mocha's to quench that thirst as you lay in the valley on this sunny afternoon.
You're a good man Bommadog! All the best in this new chapter! Thank you for all you gave to the game as a player!
Favorite quote of the day: "He that lives upon Hope will die fasting" - Benjamin Franklin
thanks for follow. Like ur profile and what you stand for. The art of advocacy.
Will #Ohio be this year's VCU?
Just very excited to be on board and enjoying the delightful in-flight experience.
#whatifindattractive a man that can teach me something
re: my last tweet... I found it! Wayfaring Stranger. LOVE. Cheers!
Am I the only one who eats Pancakes and cookies for dinner? haha. Oh well(:
Home issues just get easier everything is slowly falling apart
scrw u man u never tweet me back!!!!!! Lol
RT : #MnGOP plan to build roof-ready stadium with general fund money is a joke. Quit trying to kill the bill!
get your life together
Also gonna be hilarious when Jonas Valanciunas ends up sucking.
#3: #CRM training is multifaceted & ongoing. Tailor training user needs, establish a process. cc'
its 3:21 in california and im still up man.
Herman Cain just blamed others for playing the blame game.
Love makes man grow up or sink down.
I'm looking for an article on fasting... You know, in case one of you wonderful peeps happens to have just read one.
Thanks for your support of my new album "Heaven."
Extra large? I preffer extra ripped
night cody hope you had a great christmas (;
Welcome to another week of learning...are you prepared?
Welcome, young twitterling!
Your nipples look like the apples on a tree.
Victoria's Secret fashion show , yeeeeeeeeei....
enjoyed the panel today!
Well, let's just say it's still in the "ghetto" phase.
Starting the day early for me this morning.
we make mistakes so we can learn from them. we learn from them so we won't hurt ourselves. we learn from them and we become less stupid
So excited for tomorrow, with Zoe Keating! I know a few of will be there, will you?
Writing an article on best practices on delegating responsibilities to your team members. Looking for comms agency pros to quote. Please RT.
she was 16 and she was killing it
I cannot believe my loves are graduating this weekend!!!!!
One thing I want for Christmas is the end of partisan politics so we can fix the economy and get people back to work.
"Can the museum keep up?" Wynne Greenwood at
Sorry I couldn't make it. How did I not know anything about #loveindy?
somewhere in...Spain!
wow that is too cool Jen! Ya unfortunately to me his last 2 shows were better but the crowd loved him soo maybe its just me. Lol
RT Lady Falcons start volleyball season tonight at FHHS. Don't forget to vote if haven't done so thru mail or in person
Land use and local politics (with a healthy dose of snark) for #CapHillDC and #HStNE ? is a must follow.
you will definitely be missed best wishes with everything!!!!!
Lightweight miss Swim Season
"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." - Albert Einstein
"Leadership is action, not position" -Donald H. McGannon
yup the real world then;2
First train update 2: no power. the conductor told us that pieces of the vehicle are lodged under the train and that it might be a while.
Miguel Sano hit 10th home run of the season tonight. Might want to head 2 Pohlman Field B4 Sano moves up!
love ya!! Come up to Calhoun tomorrow :)))
my girls & I are thinking of doing #NoLa for #NYE. Got any good acts playing there that weekend?
Not denying that controlling the fire is a UW issue, but in my opinion, the rule is not a bad one.
Congrats! I'm not surprised, but great news :)
The bobcats were better in nba live 04 when their starters were point guard, shooting guard, small forward, power forward & center center
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member
I have always wanted to get there for a review! Let me know what you thought!
Oh girl you make a niggah tweet
Steve Newman: can we present this as a community literacy project? This has less baggage/barriers than a DH Center would.
Yess i cant wait to see her in it! shes gonna kick some ass
Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember - the only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you. ~ Zig Ziglar
is starting up a great program w/ USC's PLAY! at LA USD. Hip-hop + literature w/ forthcoming TED Talk, wish I were in high skool 2!
Goin on a diet
you're very welcome :{)
I think about you constantly , it's crazy how much I've changed <3
single monitor. lolz.
One major thing checked off my list.
mm that is little fella. Need help with the conversion?
Join us in the museum conference room (123 FAB) on Tuesday for an info session- Museum and National Heritage Sites program in London!
Bless up. Thanks for the follow.
So, how Whats up with all you #Rushers? I feel like i havent talked to any of yall in like forever!
AN SHE ALREADY HAS TO DEAL WITH BRAIN CANCER Y MAKE HER FEEL WORSE
You know you're getting older when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you pray it ain't for you.
Sharing your blog w/ friends only to find out they've already bookmarked & discussed it over lunch without knowing it's yours.
#betoorourke explains he is going door to door to hear what people of the community care about. He will represent those interests.
Welcome to Hell's Kitchen!!! :)
Something is on fire at Hood and Millitary. South of Donald Ross.
& I'm still up.. o__o
Im done with products...they don't stand behind them!
Tonight will be so dull.
My grandad gotta be hot in his room man. (I comb my wrap to the back.)
S/o to my newest follower
I'm so proud of her!
Working on a dark tone for my next #script. Challenge accepted.
Nail lady looks at my toes weird, leave me alone I was born that way!
I love it and have so much fun! I was telling my instructor last night that I was ready to get back for a class!
Can't sleep; brain is too busy thinking about Schiller, Adorno, form and aesthetics. I think I broke my brain.
SHAME on them! There willing to sell their SOUL over a few $$. We ALL know there LIERS! We LOVE John, he's a 1st class MAN! xo
haha we had so much fun on friday!!! you guys are great!
Hey fans! Our next news-op will be on Tuesday, February 28 on WISN 12.
I still am scared at the car wash...but cleaning my baybay
I wanna play San Andreas
i hope i get to meet one day, ill just keep wishing i guess:( #ukmahomie. -Sophie.
there has to be stupidity in someone who spells Nike like "NIKEY"
Doesn't it piss you off when you ask someone a question and they don't answer? GRRRRR
it WAS weird but I'm learning--if u really pay attention to people-they'll tell on themselves. HE had other motives-I didn't
now we jacking words lame
Ur mommas so short she can do backflips under the bed....
Whoa! steaming hot! hot! hot idea! whoa.... I love the expert IT -- you know who you are E.
#Confession I'm really smart, I'm just really lazy.
AFTA research shows that advocacy for the arts makes a huge difference. 25 SAAs had an increased or flat budget.
yeah I no
Tell Gabe Good luck from Peach and I. Keep us posted!! If you need help with Twitter, text me...
Like they would wear the same sized uniform. The height difference alone, wouldn't make it fit right.
I need my bestfriends:/
At the Grand Opening of in Old Town Scottsdale Love the vibe so far.
That's too much sun! Can you send some sun rays over to Seattle?
Mount Olive Middle School wins ‘Superbowl’ of awards
Watching Carson run is eerily similar to Snoop. The #28 on his chest definitely helps. Gives me chills...
The Red Claws are hanging out today with the kids in MSAD 61 at their annual career fair held at Lakes Region HS!
sorry i said i was going to make a vid and i didnt but i just might today since my fone is being goodlol-Tamya:P
Originality is a by-product of sincerity.
Is your current professional position an appointment or destination? If its not a destination, what are you doing to assure you move forward
I'm bored with IQ tests... "Find the odd one out" -_-.
Lol they liked the sound clip haha
ikr... Its okay i havent either/:
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but as long as we're here we might as well dance.
Big goal late in the period by Boedker. Phoenix does not go down easy.
will deff check this out! Keep em coming man!
STALL: I-5 southbound @ Capitol, left lane blocked, expect delays
So bored someone tweet me!!!
I'd say in about a year, once this music shit jumps off me n girlie gon be inna sick ass crib in the hills!! Star status!!
Merry Christmas everybody!
WHY YOU TRYING TO MAKE ME FEEL SLOW!! HAHAH
that would be all day long.
Rave Reviews for Invizio’s Cracking the Code: Business Technology Seminar
Ahh 7 more!!:D Give me a shout out pls!!!:) i will love you lol
Oooohh RT Watching Josh Cooper in Rookie mini camp, I recall Brian Brennan about 27 years ago.
Research on Evolution Strategy with Algorithms and Applications ...
Beyond The Black Rainbow looked gorgeous and had its moments. But what a silly ending. Yeesh.
All about them girly girls. Ain't that right ?
Think of how much brain stuff I could be doing if I hadnt committed a bunch of Archie comic plots to memory. Alas.
Do you think kLove just sealed a 5th year last night with that shot?
#Packers take Worthy from Michigan State? They hate Wisconsin.
I know it's for the best... I need detoxing!
and i love you lol
When your parents get mad that you are doing homework<<< What is this world coming to? Parents mad that I'm doing something right?
Whatever. This sucks.
All students: tomorrow Nov 4th is the last day to drop courses. Please see your advisor before taking action to discuss best options for you
Just bought #MassEffect3 #ME3 for PC, anyone have it I'll be doing multiplayer once it's installed!! username: danielxmiller :)
really? Lol he alright
Don’t waste your life trying to impress other people. Do what you love and love what you do.
bagel club (Passover remix)
I knew it! Librarians don't actually take vacation vacations :)
Dude, R. Stevie is phenomenal. Criminally unknown.
*takes a seat* sigh LOL. I looked good though didn't I?
Are you ready for so baseball?
Omg! I would never have the nerve! You're a badass Ryan!
how did fieres have a 1.11 era today if he had no earned runs? Or is that his era in the yr? If so, wow
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. -Edison presentation
I wish I were there for that mr.reilly ordeal
"I know I've strayed off my course and I'll have to leave here soon, But for now won't you leave me in my haze"
We did! Sorry I haven't gotten back to you yet. If we decide to print it, I will definitely let you know. Thank you, so much.
THE FIRST FRIDAY = INSTANT CLASSIC
Watching 1993 Star Trek:TNG episode "Parallels" based on David Lewis' (radical) theory of modal realism, 15 years prior to !
One more CE staff for this afternoon! (Alison)
Just got accepted to study abroad in Athens. WHAT! WHAT?!?!?
I can resist everything except temptation. Oscar Wilde
First day of self employment - Done! I even got some work! Woohoo! I know it won't be easy, but it will be worth it in the end.
I don't wanna admitt I miss you,but I can't help but think about you alot
Trick or Tweet , DM me please!
u know I take that as offense
oh my god....&teachers are supposed to be role models...?
I got you all day baby all day
I just ate a Popsicle & now I want another one . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Really want to do a full-on hole-in-the-ground pit barbecue day.
#notgonnalie I secretly jam out to that One Direction song in the car. It's catchy...
Happy Thanksgiving to all!!
Lingua Franca => A common language
#five directions diner
... the nuking is a great idea; I'll share with the kids. They'll love it (and the apple slices)!
We loved the mention Andy
SUPER Fridays tonight catch me rocking out and providing closing tunes!
A good, sweet quiet Sunday.
That one song that brings back so many memories.
well I'm glad you're ok, I've never seen/heard you talk like that.
Yeah but there are only 30 nba jobs
:( srry already voted for the other guy!!! lol
Yay!! I miss you too!!
HE GONE!!!
yea i agree i wasn't going to buy it but im glad i did... you gotta keep checking they put them on sale quick
I am trying to figure that out too...probably going to see Sean Parker...
Thanks for following on Twitter---you have impacted the world with Humanity Road in profound way,
SO happy to have a working computer again!!!! about damn time!
heeelllooo my sweetheart I'm happy you're back ;)) I'm fine thanks .. And you??? Xoxo
We will not be the generation who turns our children over to the devil because of our devilish ways.
I AM AND I LIVE IN AMERICA. Is that even normal? lol.
feelin good! abouta hit up KFC & then get more slush :D
My daughter is parading around showing off her booty.... Self-confidence. Check. Now on to Being Humble!
realized spraypaint stencil street art is a lot more difficult than I originally expected. insert "#inspiringfailurekeepatitquote" here :)
RT : developing HighWire "LiveWire" project for scholarly social media, potential for customers incl. etc
#shehechat A1: just want to give people *something* when I present. That's my biggest worry.
Everyone follow good guy and a huge uk fan
yo sarah farnia told me about you. U print yourself or do u just do designs?
Thanks again! Hope to see you soon.
Get ready all supporters G is bringing more heat than the sun 8th album #oldschoolyoung coming this summer!
Oh, you post about your one night stands on Facebook/Twitter? Please, tell me more about your family values and strong morals
Reason 6,718 being an adult is awesome: You don't get in trouble for backtalk.
I'm not particularly excited about football, but I do find the sound of a game nostalgic.
..hm interesting
I love how my clients inspire me to practice what I preach. Taking time to eat & enjoy food is necessary daily
The SAG-AFTRA Merger has been APPROVED!
My new toothbrush loves getting toothpaste all over my clothes. Beware of the spinbrush!
Bacon of the month should be here soon! YES!
Peanut butter m&ms , BOMB!
Checkout Marketing Tool at www.Video-TV-Email.com and come2 a Live-Web-Demo at 8:15pm Est tonite 4/20 www.connieislive.tv
(c) Tumblr posts about cats into Google. Some Tumblr links to that might come up.
Miss the sound of your voice
At least Kofi rightfully has a strap back around his waist.
lol why u worried bout it?
yup! My mom told me! Thank god because waiting a million hours at the DMV with sketchy people is not a good time!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer42
Watching "I Survived..." & it's really upsetting... these poor people. :(
If you missed it, here’s your chance to find out what everyone was talking about. - CLINTON is on at 7 on MPTV 10 tonight.
I'm really on fire with the topical tweets.
So true RT : I am very close to losing it with how poorly this afternoon session is flowing.
Yes! RT : T2 When I started it was almost a therapy for me. there are days I get more from the process than my readers.
RT If he introduces you to his bedroom before he introduces you to his friends/family ..... #HeJustWantsThePussy"
follow back..need to talk to you about the 2original feature..direct me
As we all know Rock & Roll ain't suppose to be pretty. Hell, you are better looking than Keith Richards any day.
How did Roshon get two 10s and Donald Driver got none!? They even got more than Maria and Derek!
I haven't posted on here in forever lol. Its good to be back
hello sorry but it is forbidding me To follow you..plz sccept
i do
Where the F are you? Rico is here!
and how did that work out for you??
Thanks, they did a great job. Already ordered some more (Slightly different wording this time).
I swear if threw out the first pitch at Dodger stadium, it'd be a strike. Never ceases to amaze me! ATHLETE!
Congratulations, !!! Who's fortunate enough to call you a part of their team?
...I deserve it.
Nice job with the officiating crew on the fake punt by LSU. Some guy semi extending his arms is really the idea of the rule.
We need more Likes of Facebook, help spread the word by sharing our page!
#RnBThrowBacks 112 anywhere... Git down to this track like a rabbit
Woa - redesign? I like it.
Well I never thought you'd stay but that's ok.
I'll never forget the people that got me to where I am today...I'll never forgive them either...
I'd like a follow, dear (:
I got some hating ass followers lol..
thanks to everyone who came out to IGNITION last night...what another crazy night! Can't wait to start spinning at the BRINK next...
no its not
Watchin americas best dance crew! Luv this show!!
#Twitter is a place where you can follow me and not get arrested.
TONITE also watch the MAVS FREE@ ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!BEAUTIFUL CLUB! 3 Levels & 3 Different Vibes!PACKED Every SAT!NO CHARGE til 11
Well look I'm comin down there before school out, ok... Imma let u kno way in advance...
RT : Paint not to show what you already know but what you want to find out...
“: Wouldnt mind giving a huge hug”>>no
thank you! Yes, and hopefully sometime this summer I'll be living on the north side! Love you too!
Shelanski: risks of bad history, outdated analogies and "not so sweet nothings"
I cant believe people are saying Obama is fucked up for supporting gay marriages...
#FF HORROR FILM LOVERS WHO ARE ABLE, PLEASE HELP DREAM OF FINISHING HIS AMAZING FAN FUNDED MOVIE COME TRUE!! PEACE!!
is one of the most natural actresses I've seen in a while. When she's laughing on a BBT, it always looks absolutely natural.
I really hate the 18th of this month wish he was here to celebrate his birthday with us :(
and my mother won't answer my calls. i just want a lunch date
More flailing -- how was I EVER productive
Happy hour specials till xlose. $5 tall captain Morgans, $5 tall stoli cocktails and $3 Jameson shots. Game on
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO IS THIS THURSDAY AT CLUB FUEGO!! AND ITS GONNA BE A FOAM PARTY!!
Ditto! RT : had a great time w/ you all today on the social media panel. Kudos on awesome presentations!
have u heard kelis song 22nd century? Lol awesome album
Just finished vocals not too long ago
lol no but in doing it for cross training.
Please get a ROCK producer this time! Guitars were way too low in the mix on Libertad!
I can't wait till I make some real money after I get my masters.
& I are all going out downtown tonight around 10 if anyone wants to join let one of us know!!!
LET IT GO.....either you still love his skillz or you dont....TIGER for PRESIDENT!
: "Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take but by the number of moments that take our breath away."
yup, I'm definatly emotional..
On my lunch break tracking out this studio session!!!!!
FILMING OUR NEW FEVERSODE titled "KILLER THANKSGIVING"! It's gonna be a good one!
Sunday - Thursday $99 a night Special! Also on Weekends when available! Come visit us! Bring the pooches!
Submit your family pics to for the hymn video this week.
Try a sample of tea from The Tea and Jazz House.
no phone serivce? i will prob keep the updates low today but we should text
I Followed!
Should be studying but fuck that
wow... i just broke three new year's resolutions at once.
best of luck with your first day tomorrow!!! You will be wonderful!!! Ill be back in on Thursday and shall hunt you down!
maybe for a while get someone to be in there with you, to confirm that your tone is appropriate.
Remember the word 'paranoid' & than u will get it ;-)
Timbers GM Gavin Wilkinson to join John Strong at halftime on 750 The Game.
good luck!! Its really hard!!
Looks like we were one of many fire alarms going off across the city.
"Vermin" is also on the list.
lol..i guess i have no choice..lol..where are u?
hey yuri, great to see you!
Taking the boy to Palo Alto today. Where can we get good pizza?
Why do I even bother?
666 Followers!!! Yes!!!!
The angels never arrived...
"Bad Girls Club" is a thousand times worse.
:...and how does one cuddle brains?? #lol :)
Get it supersized, let me know it's real.
#What2ChainzWouldSay Got 4 finals, in a week, add it up, thats no sleep, college tuition, aint cheap, Asian next 2 me, FINNA CHEEEAAAT
I Have To Go To Sandusky Within 3 Days :'(
what is up with you and fun dip you weirdo
I am a Champion! lol
How can I control my life when I can't control my hair? ~Author Unknown
packers tomorrow cannot wait to watch us Go FISHING and come back with some broken Phins*!!!
I wonder if the people driving think I'm crazy when they see me talking to myself on my walk home.
Nobody's on? :(
Tygas doing a Well Done 3!
Tell us where you keep your keys! Do you have a special place for them so you don't lose them?
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Women are really easy. Don't text or call me all today. Don't suffocate me. Just send a hey beautiful in the morning and you'll get it all.
RT : The labor movement we think is the original social network -
Bummed a pulp fiction reference had to be explained.
so....program directors hate what i'm about to do on air...sportsRadio ....but i'll need your help!!
WORKING ON BIOLOGY WORK UGH!!! WE DISSECTED PREGNANT CATS N PIGS N FROGS LOLSZ IT WAS KOOL N STINKY
listening to my 5-year-old daughter play Beethoven is blowing my mind.
Sometimes u have to lie to get by lmao
The images coming out of Haiti are heartbreaking.
Oh, Coffee :)
Dear arctic penguins, "I don't woant yo life."
Danica you SUCK!!! get outta here!
SHOUTOUT to !!!thank you so much!!:)FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
How ya been, man!?
Kona Grill...lets go folks!
My past is my wisdom to use today. . . my future is my wisdom yet to experience. Be in the present because that is where life resides.
I am cleaning my following list. If I unfollow you the next 3 days, you will be picked up by another client that would more suit your needs.
Me too. Had to fly to another sunny location. Best to you!!!
Alls around Griffith cause I can walk to it! :0)
can i just say...u r a huge inspiration to me! Thanks! :)
Website up brohydemusic. Com...... Get to know Al West see the video
And that's game! Congrats to Mexico in winning the 2012 Olympic Qualifying tournament 2-1!
You can talk to me on kik looking,forward to talking to you :-)
Cardio Time!!! At LA Fitness in Broadview, Illinois
Versace Blue Jean is on my new shopping list.
Why do I even have a phone? I have no friends, legit no one ever texts me first, I always have to text other people:/ whatever
Eventually you just can't eat anymore. I have trouble eating it nearly two decades later.
The Caribbean rum industry will receive a multi-million Euro boost thanks to a new financial agreement from the European Commission.
Gnarly storm just descended instantly upon Philly. I bring crazy weather with me on this coast.
they look so good. i would deff eat most of them. enjoy
Just giving a shoutout to our lovely friend, Your words are too kind!
Should be more productive but this weather is shit!
We're waiting for you, plenty of sand available ;)
Hey Y'all! If you like country music, come to The Warehouse in Valpo this Saturday night! Well be yer favorite!!!
I bet there are some gay-owned businesses where you are going who could use a patron.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. -Nelson Mandela
Dual-Mode Telephony Solutions Fall by the Wayside...
Need more followers
#VeryGoodLook RT : Obisoulstar at All natural in July? Sure, it would be my pleasure :-)
thanks for tweeting about our Merk deal!!
Thanks for the continued retweet love!
#perfectday to golf!
I love
that was kinda rude.. but okay.
#BaylorTaughtMe That The Heat's Are Gettin The Championship ThisYear
GoodMorning, are you excited for tomorrow? :-D <AB
In short, these articulated #fairuse best practices can protect libraries legally, as a way to codify the active practices of a group
Gucci East Atlanta Zoo great song.
bacon strips on bacon strips with jack daniels syrup!
I'll have the sportscast online soon. RT It's only fair that you bump on the 11:00pm newscast.
Operation Manual | Lottography - The Online Lottography Prices
What a great day with my love and his family <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Afternoon travel channel-induced hunger attack inspired by then quickly squelched by
On my way to Catalina Island for a mini vacation before I'm back at Super Club tonight :)
Good morning! Rise and shine sleepyheads! Wow...I can't believe it's already Friday! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Think ima go take a nice cold shower :)
“: Oh, you're Mexican? Tell me how your favorite sport is cross country.”
so true!
school,work, church and studio
thanx for playin baylor..your gimmicky jerseys suck worse than you.
Well, if I called the wrong number, why did you answer the phone?
o! So your gonna play with Siri?
Maybe I should start being a bitch. That way no one would take advantage of me or walk all over me.
Somali rapper K&#39;naan makes songs in the key of love
It really only takes one thing to ruin such an amazing day...
ok..forreal..bye..
Top of the Hops Beer Fest in C'ville....Sat, Sept 11...Tix On-Sale Today at Musictoday and Beer Run (No Service Charges) - Cheers.
Commercial insurance? We check all the top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
I have heard that refuses to provide allergen information about their food. Does anyone know if that is true?
Anyone needing someone else to validate them? Chance of failure = 100%.
i think this is how to reply.I aint sparrin no bear!
I'm Going
nice! I recommend Vigeland if you haven't already been. and if there's any snow, the skiing near Holmenkollen is free :)
i need 10 to 15 people who want to make a little bit of money tomorrow 7am to 7pm must be bilingual $70 call me (773)403-0072
NuPoppa - the show with dads talking about dad stuff the way dads actually talk - live at 11am pacific - www.nupoppa.com
If he doesn't mind hitting you up, then he really never cared.
New Chango remodeling is a disaster, shitty sub-yuppie vibe. Mourning the loss of my favorite local coffee-work vibe
Who's Married On Atlanta House Wives.... 1 Out Of 5 Talk To Me...
Thanks for the DAM retweet!
Just submitted 'Briefcase' to the Cannes Independent Film Festival! Hopefully they can find 6 minutes to spare in their programming schedule
awww he's such a doll n such a great smile ! So glad I got to meet the lil guy :)
trust me I'm pissed myself, but appreciate team sticking to blueprint that shows some signs of progress.
ur so right. Love eternal
Phantom of the Opera time Square.
I suspect you fell asleep for different reasons...
Thanks...I love taking pictures of the amazing things that go into my body!!
Agreed! Scary? Yes. But more often than not. that 'just outside' means growth & is exactly where you're supposed to be. :-)
voooo well I wasn't in the room when you called, just DM me.
Loving the new holiday flavors! Peppermintageous! Thank you
#nisoEbook LaRue Libraries spending more money with less control; fragmented content with each vendor having own portal
Attending #Transformation-2012 online. Great information for cultural transformation
We have a new server ready - vpn-dc1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Washington DC. It's available in your customer area now.
Exactly - he's also a country musician when Leverage isn't shooting.
San Francisco, where strangers just chat, a lot, and with no expectation or reason.
Overheard : "I'm friends with three dogs on Facebook." (cc )
< I'm a little pissed Joey Cora didn't get the job with The Crew but if the new guy came from Scoscia he can't be that bad.
I am in the same boat as well...
That's what you get for cheatin' on me with other singers! Lol
sometimes. One of my bffs lives there i have to remember to text u next time!
MIAMI VICE marathon while doing work and drinking coffee because, as Rick Castle said, "there are no bad episodes of MIAMI VICE..."
Told you The Chara Jinx was in!!!!! Squeeeeeeeeee! #CAPS!
So excited to chat with influential family and mom bloggers in DC! Please email
22 middle school and high school students signed up today for our first youth event!!!
When the bottoms of your pants get wet from the rain n puddles <
Good Luck looking forward to hearing more about your upcoming announcement, we're preparing some good stuff too
I often forget how lucky I am - people's lives' are so messy.
shut that cunts mouth or il come over and fuck start her head.
Heading back to the Fountain Hills Great Fair. Then over to FH Community Theater to see 'Our Town'. Enjoy.
omg i love it how u did that is awesome thank u so much u think about me i love u thank u
The sequel is in production as we speak.
Will be and so looking forward to spending time with you!
Are you listening? Globe is on NPR!
Experienced BRABO Belgian Tasting Room tonight--comfortable setting and a focused menu. Cheers!
Pleasure, thanks for the sxsw recaps!
Made it to the hotel to ring in the new year!
I Need Ta Stop Tearing My Car Up Dis Time It's Costing Me $237
Its a classy sassy place.
Thanks for following me!
I wonder if Santorum includes his proud, communist family in Italy as part of the left wing attacks against him.
morning twitter
Sweet Brooklyn.
#ItMakesMeReallyHappyWhen i make someone's day :)
Thank you very much!
Snow flurries?!?
It all falls down.
you shoulda just came and watched the movie with me last night, i was CLEARLY the third wheel
Knock, Knock, Knocking On Heavens Door!
If we ALL stay inspired for JUSTICE, we ALL will witness the sound of "VICTORY" for Trayvon Martin.
Experience is a grindstone; and it is lucky for us, if we can get brightened by it, and not ground. Josh Billings
Thanks so much for all the info!
can anyone else not think of when seeing jonathan coachmen on ESPN they just think when H shoved him in a stove n you saw his bare ass lol
Ha! The scientific symbol for change...in departure time. *rim shot*
Not what we were looking for but life goes on.
Today, August 7 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" hosted by Priscilla Leona | Carrie Cavalier, Celebrity Photographer | GO: latalkradio.com | Ch.1
Caught up with business now I'm ready to do some shows. If u want me to come to a city near u let me know. Kenny Kapone
Also, let me not forget to touch that headline. Yech. "Are you Mom enough?" It's not a fucking competition, people! Raise your kid.
Reading the book "He's just not that into you" and they forgot one or is he all of them?
#shiftvegas with a supportive fitness community. Thanks to
I can't wait too go to soho , and go to the BBC store to see how there shirts fit -.-
Well for where they're located for me they can get pretty loud
You can judge the quality of man by how he treats those he does not need.
I like their song How It's Always Been. :) They should make music videos of their orig. songs. haha.
Note to self: sprint sets in the pool are hard. Really hard.
This month makes us 8 months<3333
I'm interviewing next week for #flipclass podcast. Hope to discuss explore-flip-apply a lot!
Now I'm feeling nostalgic (aka old) for the early days n Battery Park. sigh.
cmon and , get that dub tomorrow
did you make the ones that told you about? I really want to try them :)
Modern day mullets are as unique as the people who sport them.
why am i even in all this? Its stupid and immature.
windy as crap tonight
I can go to Context because this year it won't be right next to WorldCon, so I'm going to both! September: not so far away.
Climax omw to school...
After breakfast, exhausted cats are carpeting the living room floor.
i cant wait for the #brewers season to start so i can start my season of pestering you about the powder blue unis
SATURDAY: Texas In July w/ Like Moths To Flames, The Air I Breathe, & Hundredth @ The Loft! NEXT WEDNESDAY! Switchfoot @ Majestic! C U THERE
What a trip that was boys
practicing handwriting and calligraphy
when i be throwing it on her shawdy brushin me off. i swear, i kinda feel like she slightly bizarre.
i've wanted babies too.. I just didn't know how badly till last month. Haha
My kids keep filling me in on useless knowledge tonight. I am now well versed in Power Puff Girls and NCAA trivia.
Vote for for Councilor-at-large, Megan Davis for ACRL/DLS Secretary, and Amy Paget for LLAMA/SASS member-at-large.
And this is how we are going to lose a 7 to 1 game.
hahahah really well i believe u x
What is your all-time favorite quote? Like, one that gets you going!!
Three Asians verbally fighting in their native tongue
Want more from your contractor ?Call Mr.D's we do it all. Complete home renovation services.Become a fan on facebook and follow our projects
Did you know that foreclosed homes typically sell for 20% less than traditional homes?
Thx! cc MT we stayed at Hotel Granvia in Kyoto last year. not sure of rates, but accommodations + location = awesome
Take tmrw to reflect on consumption. be more than a consumer. try putting as much back as you take out.
When the Twins get pitching the bats are silent. When the pitching implodes the Twins score runs in bunches, just not enough to win.
why shouldn't I do that?
EVERYONE!!!!!!!! PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
(: love that song !
Is it possible to have more than three hashtags on the Twitter Trends list??
you know it! cop some dope sh*t from
Why did you delete your Instagram!!?!?:(
I can't forget the way you made me feel.
Creating an endless stream of beauty.
If you're in the #ATL and doing anything other than enjoying this weather and lamenting the #Barves, you are wrong.
He's fantastic. A total delight, and the best Bruce Banner ever.
awe sorry
you have a real card coming but I was late mailing them. You get a drawn out Valentine's Day
Can you define "anyone"?
Wanna sing with us? Badu? Elliot? Nina? anything you want, we can learn it
That looks dope!
the UI course teaches Android from what I recall
Although I thought the movie Drive was weird, the 80s style synth pop soundtrack is fun.
a sure 'nuff win
Oh will make you cry tears of joy, too. LOVE.
Herman Cain is not African American; he is Black American. How twisted!?
Hate when you hear a really amazing song and no one in the club can tell you the name of it..Thanks for nothing...AH!!!!!
Travel Channel Plans More Reality-Style Shows
Another brunette dyed her hair blonde then put purple halfway down. How original babe, sweat me some more <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Watching #buggy races ... Don't you wish you had those?
Just downloaded my whopping 150mb zip file for this week's workshop with
I totally forgot about that , I wanna watch it too! you gotta tell me tommarrow about it
Follow my peeps on instagram he's new to this richyoung42
uh-oh. only 2 followers. :(
preseason, sure but it doesn't count til it counts
Sorry if I pissed you off or upset you.
Thanks! I need to exhibit some self control around the twix!
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." - Dr. Seuss
Feel better Justin and crew <3
Haha. Your sense of humor does not concern me. We all have bad days :) Tomorrow will be better.
Maybe he just saw the pick and than punched the computer screen?
Final day for #froggyidol with
I miss the way we used to be. :(
3 and a half...
Read Print featured on The Kim Komando Show today!
Congratulations ! Keep it up!
I have several professions I have business to refer to: Banking, Architecture, Interior Design, Development and Law (several areas). Conta…
Good Luck!! xoxoxo
Disappointed iTunes Match doesn't work with Smart playlists that reference other playlists.
Wow. Power just went out at Kroger for about 5 seconds. Pitch black.
I look forward to your next radio show, and Nugent's appearance on it
Madonna's chest hair is peeking out if her robe.
Been up early working I'm done for a min now. Now I'm hungry as hell time to eat
Glad you enjoyed Freedom Flight!
you're so lucky! Take care of our Kathryn!
are you working at the sixers game tomorrow through sthm?!?
TRAFFIC: SB I90/EB I39: Semi jackknifed on the right shoulder - Out of Traffic. Police on the scene
so.. isn't the point of spring break to HAVE a BREAK from school? so why do we have homework?!?!
Maybe I'll see u for urs!!! Let me know. I can't believe it! If I could go back to McCord Hall...
Maybe I shouldn't drink, I gotta work tomorrow.....too late anyways
#nccetl darling-Hammond show collaboration impacts student achievement/allow teachers to learn from each other
380 more plants. Omg. I think I can I think I can.......still need another k. Onto spring and summer. Go local...
-7am to 7pm is a regular shift for me, im out to get it!!
AM620WTMJ just played audio of his convo with Barrett. An interview that is likely the coffin nail for Tom's campaign!
Nichole337 from youtube followed me.
I'm from where the fat beats stretch for mad blocks. ~ Butterfly
I know. I'm just a sucker for boy bands.
Pool n stuff.
If given 140 characters, my dog might use them all on "woof", but I do have shepherds.
You sir, are a progressive man. Hope you have some apple stock to go along with all that ;-)
nigga follow me
Time to go study at #Starbucks with amberlee!
thanks bro!!!!
Good Morning from MN!!!
Im going to attack and fat ass tensai with a chair
Thanks for the RT! It is much appreciated!
I'm just awake, lol.
Watching that Bulls game was aggravating!!
We would've came last week too! It was great meeting everyone at the Cranky Camp workshop. And as always, thanks Keith!
#cognitivedissonance RT : Duffy: "There is not a correlation between tax rates and revenues coming in to our federal coffers."
Yes, done with work for the day!
just heard about it, would love to.
Tip: if running a marathon, pace yourself. You'll be more successful if you speed up toward the end of the race instead of the beginning.
This interview was, although the interviewer is a trained oral historian.
I WANT ONE! bring one back for me!!!
should of had it last night
what does it say about Aries?
No car, No lease, No insurance, some student loans & a phone bill. I'm gonna live in one of those men's hotels when I'm retired.
Contrast laces need to be added to your shoe collection ASAP
Roses are red I have a phone no one ever texts me Forever alone Haha <3
It's not about where you have been, its about where your going
Fraud/FCPA quote of the day! "Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud." Sophocles
Being a bitch to someone else. #WillGetYouHurt in the end. Karmas after your asses.
"poof - gone" literally LOL! i dont have a filter either!
I followed! :)
Downloaded Arkanoid for the iPhone. Awesome!!! Plan to challenge next time we're together like old times!!!
My life sucks
I live in Round Rock and my girlfriend lives off of Slaughter. Reason #2,358 why living in Round Rock was a bad idea.
yea you better say that!!
our tweets or a mirror. One or the other
since top managers & administrators own systems, change must begin W them in order 2 effectively change outcome
So, now Brandon Inge is the modern era Ty Cobb?
I spy with my little eye ... A THIRSTY ASS BITCHH!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
M....flaky layer biscuits are yummy....worked hard on dinner tonight & of course my daughter's favorite part was biscuits from the tube!
Who do you think should get a hologram tour?
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: Conditional deletions of MeCP2 can be exploited to map neural origin of complex behaviors & neuropsych symptoms.
Stuffy noses<<
For university departments the important concept is to join conversations where possible.
Impressive and shocking. RT youre weird brady. hows that for response time.
isnt an iconic boy anymore so he doesn't have to delete he's account
picked out my future house
what did she tweet him?
hahah I'll just have to learn which ones are good for checking out, but I promise it won't happen again!
Watching <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>dolphin <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC>tale w/my bay bays.
I'm responsible for what I say not for what you understand
RT Come to library @ 1pm today & check out David DeVries & Tom Key speak about Mark Rothko & perform from RED
why do you have to be so flawless?
"I would do dirty things for a new car, like kiss my best friend on the lips...." Said by my brother.. totally saw this coming .
My mom loved what I gave her <3 ilove my mon ^.^
Ottawa is definitely a tough team and going to their home field is gonna be tough for you guys
Is that a serious question? There are so many...
later idk yet
LOL Fam I wish I was on tour Doc you the one killing all the Gigs Doc lol
Physically, I'm checked in at Capital Brewery. Mentally, I remain checked into my bed.
Trust me I know! I think I live with Mrs. Claus with all of the cookies around here.
I can work wit a woman about what she brings 2 the table...as long as she leaves her X n their issues @ the door..!
& if they are they are ONLY my friends idgaf if they text me say boo bby boothang non of tht it don't faz me cauae I gt a woman
so many 1D trends
Okay, I guess I'm not going to my game today.... Considering I should be there now....
Florida Panthers 1999-2000 playoff team: Where are they now? - Miami Herald Found on Bing
I'm trying...
Watching glee off DVR... but I have to say, this is the best episode in a while.
Never drive in that mess! Give my best to my fave PG. ;)
aww. I love all history.
The expectations of life depend upon diligence; the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools,
I've been following you since you made the video on YouTube about it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Follow me maybe :)
Jorts are a great way to let people know that you are not getting laid
Those Locker room (in the gym) convos that you sit there like "wtf was I saying?"
After 's recent tweet, I've been wondering if flying monkeys will show up in the Emerald City during MLA '12.
#258 you where on of my first followers, ur icon is pretty! and ur BG is hot :P
Early morning at the hair store, I always spend $50+ when I go smh..BUT I have 2 invest
I feel like such a cool cat playing online bingo.
i am so freaked out. what is mister ed.
My jam
Wilson was recently moved to the bullpen so that could be a hit it's coming. Barnes is in his first full year as a pro so no way.
Stop and smell the baseball.
Getting ready for the weekend after a busy week of marketing and PR.
So tell me, who is just loves my new pic? I'm on the right on left
Maybe "cheaper than cigarettes" isn't the best way to market my fiction....
Thank you for RT! Glad you enjoy 'em. I love: "Values lie at the very heart of all we do." so true. You said it perfectly!
and why not?
I belong to no organized party. I am a Democrat.
He wears shorts and socks? Aww. Haha. What's his name?
i just saw other one of your vids and i wld like to say thank you boo boo #inmykevinheartvoice ;) nice
the new ways of thinking that have been enabled through strategies of digital humanities have to be out front
Deifnitely interested. Ping andrew [at] simplegeo [dot] com /cc
Weed, hookah and beer are all waiting for me to come home... the holy trinity is complete!
The smallest things matter the most...
Excited for 's V-day PJ party @ with Will she wear pajamas??
Can't wait to get me apt next month
They are SO kind!
Ha! RT "It's published, therefore it's out of date." on possible discrepancies in tech stack chart.
flying back home to Anchorage, Alaska from Ontario, Ca- I enjoyed my little vacation...
has met with so many cool #Boston Businesses! Interviews all next week! #Walmart THX for the pay per Tweet :)
imma just sit back n let my baby get me 900 tweets or more..
Parasites: Where they are and what you need to know to protect you and your pets on this Science Cafe edition of The Sound of Ideas.
Nothing quite like seeing Natasha Tretheway sing Foster the People's "Pumped Up Kicks."
Saw the J Pinder mural at Easy Street. Way dope.
Uh oh! What kind of animal is it? RT : The animal I was pet sitting died :-/
It's funny how I'm sick during summer time..
I saw it.. They should rename it.. "Pooper 8"
my mom died 2 weeks ago.....just wanted to wish you a happ mothers day.
Enjoying the sweet taste of successfully wrapping up my first full-fledged PR plan. Now if only I could add in the sweet taste of champagne.
Maybe Microsoft tricked him with one of those "haha you're actually using Vista!" things.
at 6:13 on NW Sports Tonight talking SpringFB, Saints, Arkansas and new coaches
Dont listen to the lies swear they're all lies u kno I could b ur night in shinning armor or Ties
testing out my twitter to facebook connectivity. am i smart enough to do it?
please be me
nothin much, wats good with u
@ #kidscreen - importance of "why"? Martin Luther King gave the "I have a dream" speech, not the "I have a plan" speech.
Just discovered torrents on my android. Let's see how many ways I can break copyright infringement laws ... kiss my butt
preach! we're in it for the long haul...
NOBODY has more of your videos than me!!! I have thousands still in the box!
San Diego here we come
If u really want 2 close achievement gap & get more bks into hands of Newark youth, plz stop defunding libraries!
Thank you so much for your support
Oh my! I'm blushing! I have to tell you, of course! And you don't need the points. Brownie or otherwise ;-p
Its too early! Ugh Volleyball
you're so Euro now.
Loiter Squad :D
shout it on a rooftop
gotta do what ya gotta doo
where are you? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
1780 Taking Book for Boston. Not a well paying job since he's not taxed on real estate. 2 guys listed with it.
Its 2 in the morning and i have to be up for school in 3 hours.Ugh kill me now.
it was hard as crap!! I failed by like.. 6 questions each time lol. His exam is 6 pages..
Sexy Lingerie Dance Club Style Party on July 23th at SwingFest 2010! What could be more erotic, then a lingerie party in Orlando, Florida?
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way. - Babe Ruth
Yeah, I've got enough saved up for at least another month, but I plan on getting a job before then. Alright, I got it.
Lost my Pastor Bishop Thoroughgood last Sunday headed to the Funeral
The enemy know your weak spot. Do you know his. Praise defeats the enemy.
After #reasonrally I want to join at least one #atheist organization. It's so hard to choose! How do people pick what church to attend!?
That's what I call a BIG ONE!!!!!
Are you sure that's not about the Sasquatch who defies all odds to follow his dream of making ceramics
Got to work this morning and had a plant and very cool card celebrating my 1 yr anniversary. What a great way to start the day!
I have yet to receive anything from her. I need to hear from her soon if I'm to help. Tell her to fb, tweet, or call.
Oh, great. That means three and half years from now Allen West will be co-hosting the Today Show.
not sure to be honest ://
Nothing like curling up with a good book :)
Joe Johnson or J. Harden? Why? Respond with
LOL. I'm defending a position I only sort of hold...so...
So proud of for being drafted by the in the futures draft.
Ewwww lmao he has the horrific hair and everything?
The Network really likes you, too.
my mouth is watering
People who haven't watched him play everyday typically don't appreciate the player he really is.
Don't get in a hurry and leave your suds in the bucket !!!!!!!!
That interception may have just changed the game. Time for the Ravens offense to open up now.
Follow us on Facebook too at www.Facebook.com/SanSuKoreanBBQ
Oops! :S I thought everybody knew that! :$
Neck kissing, Cuddling, lip biting, grabbing. <3
My notebook is her mother. My ryhmes is our children. My album is her father. My flow keeps her going. Grammy is grandpappy. My mic is lady.
Roman and one. We needed that.
we recommend that you expedite the processing of your passport today. Good luck and let us know if you need help!
Apparently Catie has lost her smile. Frantically trying to find it.
oh I'm in a great little old mood :)
Sorry, just finally got to hotel & Internet. We couldn't get into U. Station--ppl said it was full up. Group split up to eat.
guys just want to thank you so very much for being a positive voice in the music industry! Your songs are spot on! Great work!
so is all of Packernation
is it weird that I'm considering going to Walgreens on my break to buy some? Because I'm super close to doing that.
Calling all bloggers: DM if u want to meet up for #BlogHer11 drinks from 4-7 @ Marriott downtown tonight courtesy of !
A big, warm thank you to meeting yesterday w/ 6 stdnts on the YES-Afghanistan Program! They are so inspired by your service.
2 hours until game time and I've already seen 3 little asian kids wearing Jeremy Lin jerseys. #LINSANITY is in full effect.
prayers for a safe a restful flight home!
THE CATCHER JUST FUCKING STOMPED ON OUR RUNNER. WHAT THE HELL. WAY TO KNOCK HIM UNCONSCIOUS... #heated <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
"I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easy, and care too much"
Where is Norman?!?
I had a great Thanksgiving weekend. The combination of amazing food, visiting with friends and relatives and football are hard to beat.
Trade a Steve for a Bob Castaneda? That still would leave half of a council seat empty!
Missing my
thanks. smashing weekend.
#springawakening at San Jose was amazing today! My 2 other friends enjoyed it and I noticed several things I haven't when they were in SF!
Woah snow! We're buried in it. Anyone else out there getting snowed in? If so take a look at our facebook page to see our new video update!
is going to see Summer Hours then back to work.
good luck, hope you did well (: x
fire hates the fire
2 tickets for the Summer Solstice Beer Lovers festival up for grabs! RT and 1 lucky follower will win!
That's actually on my list so I'm thankful for the confirmation.
I like my kush dry like a fish wit no water
This frontal lobe cyst on my brain KILLS me sometimes... ER
thank you!
My stomach is killing me. Fuck tonight
sounds like fun I am developing a class on insect vectored plant pathogens, if you find something new let me know!
More like the refs are the robbed the poor nuggets... AGAIN!
aw thanks Mary!! I know, this cracked me up!
Dreams & Goals Aren't Gonna Make Themselves Happen..It Takes YOU And Lots Of Hard Work 2 See That They Happen..
There's still time to send us your company's deal to be featured in tmrw's "Deals and Steals" list. Email .
ofcourse, I look forward to your tweets!
Get a comfortable and warm home with us! We provide the most innovative heating systems! Let us be your HVAC company.
You'll do fine! Just dont start trembling like you always do (; RT : Just got word I'm tomorrow nights MC... Lovely.
Aww thanks, been busy. :)
Car VS Turkey on the 394. In all my life living up north I have never saw a wild turkey! Are they fairly common now?
Good morning!
What is all that goddamn annoying background noise? #USA Fans? #Eng Fans? Band? Stop please.
I skill that comes to men when their kids start wanting to campout.
you do the SAME thing
LOL MWP: how often do you get all the ppl screaming at YOU w/ Kobe and Durant in the building... #AnyAttentionIsGoodPressRight?
Yeah buddy!!!
that's sucks u would make bank with me
#dtc354 story, clues and locations are just about all wrapped up. having issues with gps and caching but should have it all debugged soon!
Today was awesome thanks to #oomf :)
Lipstick lullabies.
Well, sure. We're all just secretly Glamazons aiming to enslave your children into buying more fashionable clothing.
- Thank you so much!
Sports do not build character. They reveal it - John Wooden
I <3 the new maxis at !
Most Mexicans don't celebrate Cinco de mayo. But in true American fashion, we just don't give a damn.
Hi Kiosha:) honored to be with this group. You're not far from me at all. About an hour away!
Focus on calories. If you think a 300 cal meal has 650 cal, you'll dial down eating.
It's okay I did too ^.^ lol
The metrics group wanted to be provocative and bold in generating new metrics #scholarlyattrib #altmetrics =>Let's hear it!
Listening to music. and i just tweeted madison, telling i hope he feels bettere
I AM DEAD.
i keep losing followers. :(.
wants everyone to have a happy National Teacher's Week. So do it!
All it really means in the end is that you can't run 7k in mixed consists.
can't wait to see 's wedding. My english teacher said her family went bhahaha
Every day during January, get our: Sandeman Tawny Porto & Almond Flan as a dessert combo for $7.50 Buen Provecho, #Albuquerque!
thanks mann! u too!
Follow you now :)
My popcorn is dry af without Valentina :/
I know Im late but a lotta shit happen ova there. Wea you be at?
Tonight Don't Forget About The Only Salsa Class For Chicas at Just Dance Studio. Its Ladies Styling! All Walk-Ins Welcome!
We need to implement such a plan for all INTA riders in 2012. Solid idea.
Haha. I will say tongue is great when cooked out of sight and put in tacos for me.
UK govt expands film tax credits to include games- tv -animation | FILMBUDGET .COM | Get your investor a 1st class movie budget
At Chik-Fil-A... Has Christian music really changed that much in the past 20 years? So much for the "new CCM" sound... 1-4-5 U2 wannabes.
“: Thank you, Modern Medicine. Signed, My Back.” share the love
thank you so much. I appriciate it <3
Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us Eph 3:20
Hamels will get suspended for throwing at 19-year-old Harper. He's lucky Harper wasn't 2 years younger. Stiff penalties for child abuse.
Are you Indian? Because I'm kinda india ;)
This is a game,may the best team win
Man City might lose!!!!!
I really thought Foo Fighters would win! Adele losing it now.
hahah ya right
Hello John. You are the first UTD School of Management prof or UTD MBA grad to respond to my request to hear from same.
well gonna go search for a movie to watch! night :)
might be interesting to integrate Moments of Truth idea (Carlson,1987) into Journey Model re:experience measures
How can I not have any nutmeg in this house? #cookingproblems #food >:b
rocked a jean jacket today. feel pretty good about it.
as far as a relationship
Interesting. With #SITweetups, I feel we could do more for those not attending to feel a part of it in real-time.
Chris Young is awesome and has awesome sweat pits. Happens to the best of us!
Learn how to remove 10yrs, 20yrs, even 40 years of Plaque and Calcium Deposits from the heart & major arteries throughout the body
We sent out our save the dates via email, saved paper AND postage money!
are you in dc...
Hello, good morning. Nicki's part. I can rap it FAST. (:
Had a wonderful early morning reading at King's Cross since NOTHING ELSE is open at 6:30am.
: John Underwood's response to Fish: DH is not next big thing in lit b/c not only in lit studies.
We need to see each others suffering as our own-
what's up Kat?
Subscribe to our blog on google reader!
wo im so sick of the rap/r&b world......pop/rock here i come!
I love Zumba! so much fun.
"what is the cutest whale?"
Do what you want to do, not what others think you should do
Attempting to bake a Chicago deep dish pizza - gluten free...
that would have been IMD213 or IMD223 for #AILV webdev students (I knew ya'll were snoozing)
School Daze!!!!! Thas my movie!!
Come home to a soundcard that has officially shit the bed....makes for a great computing experience.....
MT : Job fair today at Grand Sierra Resort: NV Job Connect (500 jobs); State of Nevada (200), Amazon (300), resort casinos & more
I love the apps in folders too. (Altho, they're not pretty.) If you're like me, it means there is now room for more apps again.
you to hun..u need to call me some times..
Should be an awesome morning! RT : We are headed to #raceforhope in DC this morning. Will you be there?
“: #okcthunder Charles Barkley: "OKC is going to win it. It's just a matter of (whether) it's four games or five games."” duh
You guys are fast!
The Black Mamba looked 23-esk last night. Then... On the "Kobe Nowitzki shot" comment "I made his shot better..."
If Sanchez has 4 average games and is 2-2, do Jets brass give ESPN a gold mine and start Tebow vs Texans?
Thanks very much! I'm sorry we didn't get a chance to catch up more at The Parlour. Here's hoping we cross paths again soon!
egg head
Obama comes out for #equality SO EXCITING!
": FUCK YOU IN DA GAME FO?" bitch we up 3 zip and its game 4
Hey there...just following up on this in regards to our Business Summit on campus...thanks! :)
I think something has to be done about these radar-indicated tornado warnings. Many false alarms this time of year.
Charlie Sheen Replaces Jennifer Lopez as Face of Fiat USA, let's hope he doesn't have a fiat breakdown to match his twitter antics
so my driving wasn't great lmao. . Riding dirty.
you be rocking brother much love.
+1 RT : Hey, PR folks. If subject line of your email is "FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE," it gets "DELETED IMMEDIATELY."
I'm listening "Relentless Chaos" by
#First20SongsOnShuffle 8) She Sings In the Morning - Pierce the veil.
well hello there tweeter!
I feel like crap...sniffle*sniffle...tea, sleep, hopefully...
Dang RT : Update: Bulls confirm Derrick Rose has a torn ACL and is out for the playoff - NBC Sports
Paris has tied the ballgame at 4 in the top of the 9th thanks to a throwing error. Go ahead run at 3rd with 1 out
well hello there ;) HAHA
Ip man, ip man 2 go hard
That friend that gets the joke 5 minutes after it was told.
I think I will throw in a microfiber dice bag when I send your review copy. :)
I don't feel good .. goodnight. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Finished a new handbell piece over the weekend, rather subdued and meditative.
#InMiddleSchool i got blamed for pulling the fire alarm.. lol
Fuck, that brownie gave me a headache.
Lolz y'all are crazii but yea rip puff daddy
I feel so run down.
2 more days till freedom. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Thank you for the #FF!
I'll keep an eye out. I know all the good places.
For every dollar spent on an item labeled "Made in China," about 55 cents go to services produced in the United States.
Thanks for the following
I just did push-ups ew
Safe Sex Is Great Sex ,Better Wear A Latex
Really excited for things to come! Coaches, get your athletic directors to contact us now! Chance to make $$ for your program!
its been god
You got a someone or you do your own?
WATCHING KEEPERS CREEPERS 2
Getting all packed for in the morning :) long day of traveling tomorrow but at least I'll look fabulous :)
#GEICOCupCrazy Parise!! Cause of his work efforts on the forechecking!! That shows a lot of leadership!
I come home from school & Frank Jr's eye is purple, I asked what happened & he told me he got into a fight, & is suspended for 2 days. 0_o
Boise-bound!
Guess who is seeing their best friend tonight for the first time in 9months!?! ME<3
I'm gonna be doing some random tweets.. RT tweet them if you want, yah know- just for the heck of it!! :)
Kogi truck. Yum.
#np - T Mills
There was a place in Owings Mills called Mr. Chelsea's had an awesome NC sauce. Tasted like sweet&sour. changed hands tho
Yeah, but over the year, you get 30 Bruce shows within a 100 mile radius - so you have that going for you.
Did you leave facebook? You're still on my friends list, but your name has become unclickable. Hope you're well!
lol , ohh . . right . ima text you later . im bout to hit this shower shortly .
be faking
Looks good either way. You doing okay?
Was it real, or a love scene from a bad dream? I don't think I can forget about it.
Calmness is the cradle of power – Josiah Gilbert Holland
awesome FF but you accidentally included nakia, nate, and alex. ^_~
Glad to hear that u stuck to ur guns during the super bowl & good job on your 1.4 lose! :) Keep it up!
Tire the zombies out for me, please.
God is able to do anything even the unimaginable! WE close off our minds to what he is capable of!
Lalalalove this weather:)
hey , if you see anyone in a Backstrom sweater, pls cross check them in the face! Thanx!
follow back...
how's Lebanon ? When are you coming back to US ?
aspiring models 4 work send us an email for further info
so..... Still in the basement huh?
are they still using a logo that looks like a coin
“: Emo haircuts might give you lazy eye, not that it matters. Nothing matters anymore”. Lol
Thats great to hear, we're glad you enjoyed it!
Happy Birthday ! Make it a great day my friend. ;-}
you could travel the worldd, but nothing comes close to the golden cooassst (:
and very blessed to have u :D u have done so much for people! God has done great things through u and will do many more :)
don't! I like that show too. Looking forward to watching on
That's hot.
Hold on to your seats and yarmulkes!On 9/20 Palestinian Auths.plan to unilaterally declare statehd.and go to the U.Nations for recog.Shalom!
Don't fret! I think it actually looks good! I will miss the long locks though :[
What if there were no questions about Alanis Morissette, Bryan Adams or Barenaked Ladies? Would you still be as confident?
Gotta Love Google Tricks!!!
This is where we enter the walls; validating the alternative.
HAHAHA TeCHnically its not a not red bull cola when the difference isn't what it is.
u in the game like e a nigga!!!
Dear, I love you very much. <3
well its friday the beginning of the weekend well technically in a way lol.. On the daily grind for now then off to Reign tonight for littl…
Brown bear is my all-time fave! I have the old 1 with the brown silk pattern lining and its my go-to! This is a great price!
Its time to prep for a weekend of farmers markets!!! Serving the #food of #champions!!! Stay #healthy everyone and #EAT #FISH!!!!
Our apologies to whomever fell victim to the 10 p.m. FaceTimes. Xo, and myself
The Congress Theater security staff are the biggest thugs. They do not work with anyone, please don't waste your time.
The bf is pissy, which is bad, but he is the only person I have to talk to so it looks like silence tonight.. :(
If corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil come from?
Monday, Senior Citizens and Veterans get free admission on behalf of the County Commissioners!
Well you do have 2 kids.
Can anyone tell me what the D8 means in the twit name of some of this years #sytycd contestants?
Natural Caramel Balls!! all natural date balls!! #date ball recipe #summer #hawaii #healthy snack #kids snack
Morning Rob
it makes perfect sense. I actually do not know what there is to like about lebron james. There is nothing to like about him.
"Flexibility is tossed around as a solution by those who wish to avoid accountability...we cannot tun back the clock." -Rep. Miller
Touch screens be gettin on my nerves, clickin on sh*t I don't even be hittin -____-
Last minute pageant prep! Getting things done!!!! :-)
Would you rather be right or happy?
Facebook makes $38 per share. o____________O
Home with a semi-sick Doo. So much for grocery shopping LOL.
happy graduation, my friend.
hey how did you guys do at nationals??
you're welcome :{D
,like to talk to you Pastor Tim,.I will call the church next week for an appointment ,it will b short,thank you .Lorraine Alesia
Going to watch My Fair Lady, ethelyn r u ready?
I didn't see nearly enough "Tigers are amazing" columns online for my liking today.
wanted to take a moment to tweet a quick hello to you. Hope all is well!!
Are you fucking kidding me... Now I have to come back next fucking weekend for this shit? I fucking hate this school, I wanna transfer!
#sportsbiz meetings today at ESPN Wide World of Sports complex. Look forward to the tour!
I have found golf clubs (specifically putters) to be very helpful in these situations (R.I.P., my first NES)
Annette Lareau's class & childrearing articles is 1 of my very fave soc articles--great combo of solid methods and engaging writing.
Party is on tonight! About to get faded with my nigggggas! ;)
Bro. I'm boutta smash on some food.
I appreciate you for liking my gift of gab, I'm not a #MLM guy, try someone else who thinks you can get something for nothing....
Still competition baby xD
About to break out the fungo for the first time this season
If a bra is called an 'over the shoulder bolder holder', then what would you call mens underwear? Under the butt nut hut?
the girls are good! Our party was a hit. They were so happy :)
I have gained that much more respect for you tonight Mr. King re: Nugent. I owe you a cold one if I ever see u in Milwaukee.
Progressive dinner. Three courses, three homes. Cool stuff.
RT : So great to see some of my favorite Chicago peeps today: //:: so great to see u guys too
next season of #madmen starts on march 25
lol!! I know buddy, it's freaking frustrating...
yo me and my boy arguing what percentage of girls go to the club for dudes im thinking like 2%
Listening to this all week! Chat soon? Monday launches our biggest campaign yet, love for you to be involved!
The main people claimin not to be messy, ARE the messiest hoes!
Why is the beef different again? Ugh. Want the braised beef back, please!
Travel Deal: Detroit to Bermuda, $168 on JetBlue..non-stop & that includes taxes! Worth the drive to Detroit.
So shower flow
Please don't. I'm am right next to the stage.
#3wordsforyou get a life.
Thank you, yes we were - problem now fixed.
Puurrrrfect. "That's what she-cat said!"
mil gracias to Billy 4 helping raise over $20k for #multilingual #chicago public
Clear your mind. Go to your home page. Is there a primary call to action? Is it what you want it to be? If not, why not?
Just downloaded a free track for a tweet from
It's very exciting!!
I called u back
Well... I did predict Caps in 7... whatever...
Out way too late with and and MANY others.
I hear ya...n I'm working on retro Nina when I was all boobs n no gut...
An organization's ability to learn, and convert that learning into action swiftly, is the ultimate competitive edge.
Brand New Featuring "Such A Long Time" Produced By on www.NewMixtapePromo.com Please RT
": How in the world did Andy Dalton make the probowl and didn't?" It's complete bullshit
are they online yet? | MT : Interesting screenings at the #APHA11 film festival
New slogan for #Delta "We love to fly, for you it blows". Just beat American for crappy customer service.
hahahaha your soul is not blackened you're such a softie you just pretend you aren't. I know the truth though.
smh near death and your worried about your car smh you can replace a car but you cant replace your life....thank god for keeping her safe
My mom is the nicest lady I know
Hey Follow Me Here :)
Looking to connect with ethnomusicologists for our project on urban street music in E Africa.
hahahaha I cannot wait to hear about it!! Btw I'm proud of both of us for getting straight As!!
It's been a long day and I'm tired as all get out but oh shit i am excited to see tonight!
thx 4 da shoutout but he let me extend the bet till the end of today cuz he doesnt think i can do it lol :D
Well This “Anger Management Group” Is Really Different . You Sit There And A Group Of School Girls Taunt You.
Love getting my hair done <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
Size 7 is a standard size so that does make sense :) If you win & the ring doesn't fit we can help you get a bigger/smaller one
Pray I'm back now. Studying was easier than I thought
What is everyone doing this long weekend?
Hey Justin!!
That awkward moment when Rihanna is looking at Chris Brown now as he says hi to her.
did you do what I told you?
Today's Sandwich: BBQ pulled pork on a Kaiser roll with a side of coleslaw and a bag of chips......$6.95
It's nice to see the kids in the back of the room stand and support their teammates when they win, even if the parents don't.
The Chevy Cruze guy wouldn't be so stressed if he had planned his marriage proposal a little better.
I skimmed that previously, but now that you mention it, the title is a little weird in comparison to the article itself.
Some of my friends trying 2 talk me into smoking.. Im like fuck no it's not worth my money honey lol
Pinkberry at the office just turned my day around! Love fun surprises!
my shoulder is so tight that it is pulling my chest.. that means it is so hurty that it hurts to breathe
RT : I'm still shocked at Saban voting Okl St #4. His reputation has been cheapened by his attempt to manipulate the system.
what the hell does marriage have to do with the economy?
Everything is perfect right now. Thank you rain storms
Met a fella who's gravely concerned about stereotypes in entertainment - but not at all concerned about BitTorrenting movies and TV shows.
No weekends off. Still grinding on this film right now. #gotigers #golions though.
Sorry...just drooling over your default pic, love me some books :) They are my life.
Waking up and not being able to go to the pool with and <<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
LOL, only a seamstress will decode that
#thirstythirsday..speaks are on and poppin as this generation says..though "poppin" in my day usually went rat-a-tat-tat from a "typewriter"
I guess but I don't see it..Her nicknames Bambi so Tyler's like :O Stripper name!!!
And here's me, whispering again and again and again, I love you.
Angels we have heard on paille. RT : sweets for my sweetie arrives! Hark the herald Angel Paille.
2 #maddenbowl tickets to first person that takes a screen of the Madden Dev team in Madden12. Must also be a follower.
Simplicity is the key to brilliance. -Bruce Lee
Thanks! RT : Volunteered at last with co-workers, it was a GREAT time! Repackaged 8500 lbs. of frozen foods!
Whatever you compare yourself to is what will influence you - Pastor Jim Boggess
Today is going to be a long day.
hey stay dry tonight.
Charlotte ain't far from Mayberry, so we hope you'll make it to the DNC. May be a movie in there somewhere!
Good view of one red zone..
Just walked back from Coffee Culture with a nice hot latte (thanks, Mom, for the CC bucks!)
haha thanks :) I've been outta the loop.. I knew yesterday was sketchy but wasn't sure if it was safe yet :)
"Writing is more enjoyable than enjoying a basket of... and beans; more enjoyable than a mother's giving birth." Can't really argue w that.
Kush got my eyes low like Mr. Miagi
Guess i shld wash my hair dis shit a tad bit nappy
Thank you all for coming out and supporting or performing in the first ever Sideshowcase! We can't wait to see what next month will bring!
love that song rhodes, been stuck in my head 8 days and still going
no problem!
should be around 5:30-ish. I'm on a 4 hour walk of our properties-- Blah!
"I ain't got no other partners in the 8--1-8."
top secret, but still...
“: It's a thin line between Gassin, Dick Ridin & Supporting”niggas always seem to get them confused
some bring me a brownie earthquake from dairy queen please! or an ice cream cake! that'll be awesome :D
Happy Easter!
is sent home? ugh.all the good people are leaving. <U+2665>
lots and LOTS of action... but very little blood, language, or sexuality. but LOTS of action.
remember me ?(: hopefully youu do.
Game of thrones is like Harry potter for adults! that was an awesome episode
Back-to-back spam e-mails: First tells me "You Look Gorgeous". Next one asks "What do you Look Like?". Way to ruin the compliment.
I support President Obama 100% on gay marriage.
I wish a had Chemical X :)
Jimmy Strong (TshirtJimmy) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
i like those jeans!...
WHERE DO THESE WASHINGTON ICONiacz KEEP COMING FROM? THEY'RE LIKE MAGICALLY APPEARING. OMG
your Beautiful <3
On my way to Grand Rapiids for show tonight.
Crazy busy! But I'm finally getting a little breather too. So nice.... Have a great day!
He was trending for a reason my friend LMAO
so lets spread the knowledge and get them involved!
RNG just blew me away
ran into ben stiller... acted v silly.
okay new cover up in about an hour... Ed Sheeran. :)
haha yea sure why not :P lol
Going driving for the first time !!!!
If you don't mind me asking what is EGO's? Also can I friend you on Facebook?
Big thanks to for the trophy! To this day I have yet to hear of any peace treaty between Mirrors & Photographs. Thanks again
Dug out the flower beds that haven't been cared for in years. Can't wait for a beer, but as soon as one goes down, I know work will stop.
I look out the door and I see a kid being rolled out in a hospital bed by 2 cops. The fuck?!
condolences to U and URs #blackhawks #chicago RT : Can't win the Cup every year.
The online dasboard gives U VERYdetailed info, reports,trending, personal feedback based on UR data etc etc
Ikr guys never win in relationships
“: made some really good points on jaspers show last nite.” TY sis
Good Morning.... Happy Monday
Redeemed Girls, remember to lift high the name of Jesus! "when I am lifted up from the earth, I will draw everyone to myself." John 12:32
Visited Las Vegas last weekend. What a cesspool! I can't get the smell of bad breath B.O. and cheap perfume off myself. And cigarettes. WTF?
Re: your message, I saw that – and pointed it out to her in a tweet, as did you. Nice work.
Watching Juno on a rainy day makes me happy(:
I was just walking out of Goodies and these ladies Was bumping that SmallTown shit i had to stop and ask them what y'all know about that
Technical difficulties hold on ppl new song is coming!!!!!
At least its the last day before break
Its gotta be Lyle. Frustrating to watch sometimes but makes some plays that very few others could ever make.
hi Sajjad!!! I'm glad ur feeling better. Lots of luv!!! <3
C'mon Barstow, ship some tacos our way. It is
centerpiece auction at CCS_SD.
Well today sucks! don´t know what to do...
this game is totally ridiculous RT Both these teams look pathetic - is this a Friday Night HS game or MNF?!!!!
SMH. Last minute packing isn't me!
Jacksonville, Brunswick FL Call Center Jobs: New Dealer Support ...
RT RT RT": she ignores all the other guys who want her, because she's too busy noticing the 1 she wants."
I think I lost control when I seen my Mother cry I think I lost my soul when I seen my Brother Die
Unfortunately we ran into some technical difficulties, so we must cancel tonight's show. Tune in next week to hear all the latest from CES!
what did you do in nyc
I'll be all good. the person I was with decided to hide who he was for a long time.
Come on 4pm hurry up :)
lol well I'm glad that I'm not old then
These diverse backgrounds translate into some of the best video games on the market
Are there any working examples for the Views book. The code samples are disorganized and non functional or am I missing something?
sorry for the late reply! I saw the videos! I liked them, but what's with the tea video? lol
Bike to work week--hello, fellow cyclists!
#ReasonsWeDntTalkNoMore Because You Tried To Change Me From Your Lover To Your Bank Account...
My waves is on #spin >>>
Expansion time!!
She said your lucky I don't got one I don't care ill still tweet about you
” #happiness is a risk... If you're not a little scares, then you're not doing it right”
better question, who will have more after 4 years, them or Houston Mercelis..
#VonChurch needs Graphics Programmers, Java Engineers, Flex Developers, and Tools Programmers for the west coast.
NFL football- Go Eagles!!!!!
Fire? We saw Cal Fire planes and trucks hiking in Ramona this morning, coming out of movie in Carmel Mtn now smell smoke / hazy sky??
Lol just saw a hobo working out on the side of the road!
Lo siento, I have no sense of time. So, what were your Disney movies?
everyone is HACKING me!!!
The #Spartacusworkout kicked my ass!
cancer journal
The technology is consumer empowerment on steroids
Of course, I would not write such a slur.
Ugh. I need some advice
Who are these people?!! Oh wait, did NKOTB just tour with the Backstreet Boys? I think I might know who they are... :)
dude holy shit. I do not remember listening to chumbawumba. We listened to chumbawumba?
Love the bills pick of Gilmore
can really see that their culture is all about partying and drinking O__O.
pls send a few ideas re Chinese nutrition to Thanks!
Poor Phillies fan is asleep on the train.
proud of <3
Follow our friends they help protect your pet incase they ever go missing!
Holy schnikes, it's raining out... A lot!
“: Bad Bitch With A Smart Mouth >>>>>” THAT'S ME ALL THE WAY
About a year and a half now, I think. I plan to post older stuff there too.
DPW 2 OBSERVE MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. DAY,1- 16 Sanitation, parking enforcement services will be suspended. All services resume 1-17
I had to get you back for your hellacious screening tactics
Why does the dentist ask you questions while they have their fingers in my mouth? Stupid.
At red lobster grubbing been a great day
chris brown is not coming even close to singing this live
it's the Gardena way to say hoodrat lol
I want Hardee's!
Everyone go follow me and my bestfriend we are making videos and putting them on our youtube page so check us out
Some guys on here are so mean and they don't care if a person is tired or not!;(
Happy new years eve ppl
Sorry about that. The Grand Reading Room is usually the quietest spot - but was very full during finals week.
we have to hang out in boston!!! :)
I wish I could be in a Bollywood movie
Relationships should be more than just physical stuff.
:-( Sigh! Mama state... "we are here for your safety/protection".
miss u to just out here making mo ey saving up for the new years
WHO HAS A BLOG SITE FOR THEHIPHOP LOVERS IN MY TIMELINE
someone be the best'es of friend && bring me some food ughh im having a very lonely #thanksgiving no #family grrrr :((
oh&h thank u love u 2 :)
almost had to whip out a line like that on my date last night just to get out of there
In playing piano, there are two basic types of touches on the keys. (cont.)
Whatcha' doing this weekend?
the situation in the #sudans need to be given urgent attention lest it degenerates into a full blown chaos.
RT : Why is Facebook going public?
900th tweet; dedicated to you'll be 15 tomorrow (11/11/11) and you're going through some tough stuff, it's ok I love you! :)
Fantastic shots, man. What are you shooting with now? (probably bodies/lenses I can't afford haha)
Sitting right across the aisle from Kevin spacey!
Thanks! Have a great dayt too!
agree he needs to expand his def. of innovation 2 include social patterns, but think he has a point about other stuff.
Guess well my friend! No matter what stall you get, you can't go wrong at Sonic
Helena beat - foster the people
major work will be done this month!
#Yankees won last night. Now let's win again today to get a winning streak going
It's my dream to have been a part of #Studio54 | You are so effin' lucky!
I left my headphones at house ..!
what up g, been a long time
Finally found a decent teriyaki spot on the Eastside! Fuji teriyaki in crossroads for the win!!! :)
the screen on my phone is officially dead :( #phoneless RIP iPhone </3
Braun is the 4th player in #Brewers history to have 100 HR & 100 steals. Joining Yount, Molitor and Weeks. trivia Sunday.
I JUST SOLD A FREE CUP OF COFFEE!!!
I won't say the praise this season on #AmericanIdol is excessive, but I hope this standing ovation for proper mic stand technique ends soon
I will hands-down marry this Asian nurse that feeds me every night I see her. God bless her.
"right boot"
Squirrel on cocaine .. Ahaha
It feels so good outside!
Q why when u in the car or around a female in your phone rings She look at it with u like her phone ringing Smh
Good day all around.
My belt holds up my pants and my pants have belt loops that hold up the belt. What the fuck's going on down there? Who is the real hero?
If I were you I would sign up for Orbitz and list Pittsburgh as the city. Orbitz will email you specials they have for that city.
yeah which made it nice watching games. laptop is a tad smaller. not as convinient
I'm convinced Burger King's sole purpose is kill it's customers. One burger at a time.
i know! bummer. oh well, on to the next villa...lol.
thats whats up.. yo my cuszo is a producer as well he is currently working with dame dash lol so he say lol naw he is.
look it up
yeah, that'll be my last option. lol ben worked there and he said he hated it. lol
Ty Lawson is playing out of his mind.
I am thinking about getting a Ford Edge Limited for a new car!
Magic Johnson only uses two syllables, albeit the wrong two, "af-lete."
Thanks for the RT!!
Just down there 2 sell tix. Didn't go in the park.
Grilled chicken & vegetable kabobs on Emily's rooftop. Friday potluck dinner with the ladies! Perfect night since my man is in Nebraska.
Duly noted. Sadly, crazy celebrity status is not the only thing that makes a sub-optimal mate.
Can't wait to see twitter explode with fire Cashman tweets lol. Silly rabbits.
Great job this morning. You nailed it!
Is it possible to get daily reports on my home energy use in Charlottesville (smartgrid)?
Signature Worldwide Takes Corporate Training to New Level with World Class Team
Hope nobody wanted to use the network today. Downloading The Witcher 2 enhanced edition update.
thought his concert in IL was big, just wait until he is performing at a sold out Times Square :)
Late nights
Just got tickets to see Jennifer Egan speak at Benaroya Hall. Can't wait!
feel the need to tell someone something w/o them knowing? we'll do u the favor just DM us the account & the anonymous message (:
Dayum Prime is going to make me cry talking about growing up without a father...
Your soo right...love ya demi you rock!!! i love your spirit <3 :)
Half way done with radiation. 3 left weeks to go. My skin is red & hurts a little. Hopefully the lanolin will keep it ok.
Oh My Bad
Shattered back windshield of my bbf van...oh my!!!
I feel the exact opposite...
I DON'T THINK WE'RE IN FRANKSVILLE ANYMORE.When you want to smoke indoors and join a farm cult, we shall move there.
Merry X-Mas to all!!!
Rex Ryan is definitely going to eat his feelings tonight Nom Nom Nom
What? I'm confused lol.
lol why you can't neva take me serious
Aw, thanks, you're a sweetheart. And yes, American Movie is a great film (this is Hobart, Grace doesn't care about movies).
Bout to start drinking.... smh
shut up, mawressssssaaaaa I wuv you and your booty poppin self <U+E51F><U+E31C><U+E319>
good morning
I can get you in touch with Luke if you like. He'd love to hear from ya.
We rode bikes as far as we could back into the marsh, then tromped in on foot from there. Very primitive Florida hiking. Gators everywhere!
Get down to tonight!! will be here filling in for while he's out in California. Should be a fun night!
That kid can produce.
a 260lb. figure skater *smdh* never happen love ;)
FREE PINK BERRY Thursday 6-10 pm at location !!
#Plesk version upgrade required by my host. Now server can't run #MovableType or any cgi scripts. May need to hire help to fix.
I cannot tell you any more than to advise you that your children cannot eat egg cartons and they are not worth the 3 cents. [1944]
#10ThingsIWantToHappen 1-10= A New President X 10 VOTE HIM OUT IN NOVEMBER!
hey whats up love
Graduating college is like retirement: you live off checks from the mailbox for a while and think you are wiser than the general public
Most Def! Check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
what makes #coworking better? #massages. great day to be a 'Spacer!
But he's the right personality to be doing this. Good for the game. Wish Harrison did media too.
RT - Plaxico Burress did not practice because of a swollen elbow, but he and the team expect him to play Sunday against...
the "pop someone's cherry" comment on Myspace.
Looks like #Pujols didn't love St. Louis as much as St. Louis loved
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Easter Island Barbie ...the famous statue with blonde hair
Some crazy, old, toothless lady almost murdered me on the Max. Then she asked if my friend's dad was my boyfriend. #FunStuff -__-
Hey Philly! What are we doing today??
Ugh these people can really be annoying sometimes. Stay away from me please. Not interested,
dude this is so awesome! Great job!
Yes! Dearly miss the smell of Chlorine at VCU's fancy new pool (salt water cleaning system).
I'll try
If You Let Me Heress What Ill Do Ill Take Care Of Youu <3
Practice tonight at 6. Only 3 weeks until we actually get to hit another team.
we have a beautiful copy of The Beatles 1964 Christmas greeting on postcard/vinyl It's brilliant!
Our Death to Dollars and Day of the Dead Community Altars Exhibitions open this Friday, Oct. 7! The exhibitions run until Nov. 13.
fair enough!
Isn't that suppose to be good cx?
Watching Red Riding Hood with the little sister! Hopefully its a good movie:)
One of my favorite things about living alone...drinking straight from the carton!
Don't care what mood I'm in country music always makes it better.
to dude thx for the follow. Need to catch up sometime.
We sure do too. RT : RT : You know what else is funny. These damn Chicagoans. I love my ppl.
couldn't even see it the last time we went drinking together! You done good girl!
Ok Ms A&R lol, Im good, None myself
Wait, lemme check ... yep, still depressed.
stoked about the shirts Paul from terroir sent us. super awesome guy. thanks!
dm me your number ill let you know might be in LA this weekend
Thank you Big Daddy!
Check out the music from this Marine! www.mikecorrado.com and follow ! Think he should be an OSO Artist?
Hawk sighting on the way to Madison. We must be in for a good one!
Good Action on our Poll (Please RT) - What team will Carmelo Anthony be playing for this season? Nuggets, Knicks, Magic or other?
I dont want to get out of bed...
We're proud to be Californian! RT : California, New York, and Florida lead the United States in wine consumption
I'm coming! : I'll be at Figueroa Produce tonight to get my grocery shopping on! Vegan peeps - join me!
Wow. Thought I had a conference call today but is really a week and a Hal from now. Guess I'm really on top of my schedule. Lol.
NEW VIDEO ALERT: "Dripp'N" Wealth ft. Pistol & Digaveli Droppin this Evening!!!
I hate when white folks stare at me until they figure out my gender....
The third episode for me was the most dramatic. The other two though I found very funny in an uncomfortable way
Another bright and early Tuesday! The library will be opening at 6:30 am today.
P.S. Just to verify, I'm not depressed or anything, just under the weather. Not happy pills, just pills to make this cold go away...
Despite the name, has good vegan salads (lentil and quinoa). However, I couldn't find a recycling bin!!
i love Justin Bieber i hope to meet him one day. (;
That's right! I just fist pumped for my free pizza, LOL!
You can taste this sort of endangered tang.
buck are we go hear some tracks off RP when we sone with the videos for pil2? Can't wait for that Black Vodka remix
Tipping Point for Housing - Barron's
This all seems oh so familiar
I'm ready for baseball season...
made your tomato basil sauce for dinner tonight! SO EASY!!! Thanks! family is going to love it after soccer practice and work
#masonreese look him up.
one thing about havin short hair is that u gotta keep it done
you're welcome. -radio
Mane I wish we had NBA TV in this damn house
It always seems impossible until its done ~ Nelson Mandela
Alcohol + tweezers = ow the next day
Miami Vice. The new one w Colin F & Jamie F
Flo is such an unfortunate name to give your daughter.
Thank you for the mention and #WW back at you
1 of our clients is amongst OWS protesters. Boss goes, "he better not get himself arrested, he starts rehearsals tomorrow!" LOL. Priorities.
Let's play 'can you spot the historians' on flight to Milwaukee.
rice cookers? would love your thoughts on the one i link to at www.susanefine.com -- and some t-giving tales, too!
speaking for the Christian Women's Small Business Association this morning at 11:15. Join us at the Learning RX in Stone Oak.
We should really live nearer to each other. Move here! ;)
is anyone gonna be there tonight?
Waiting for my flight w/college kids heading somewhere warm for spring break. I miss the days I didn't have to work for a living.
I am so sad when white folks deliberately turn a blind eye to their racist actions. Especially when they present as anti-racist.
It's all about the music, stupid!
I don't know why the sky is blue. Its just blue. I don't know why I love you. I just do.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
Hey! We hit 1500 followers! Thanks, everybody. I'm touched! *sniffle* Thanks for making Key's Foshay your breakfast destination and friend!
Adding the wife's #HP EliteBook work laptop to our home network. Good lord, what a boat anchor.
follow her people she follows back :)
YES! I will admit to having a very large crush on him as Aremis. Before he had tiger blood
"Chloe in the afternoon" baby
I've been doing work at StarBucks for 6 hours.. time to go home and get some food!!
Who makes THE BEST cookies in Richmond?
totally. My upstairs neighbor's daughter and her whole family are homeless from that fire. But they are still alive...
happy may to you too!(:
I appreciate your tweets.
LOL! RT : Listen post-office worker, YOU CHOSE YOUR PROFESSION. Treat me like a human or I'll blow this bitch up. For gov't p ...
me to
that's the plan. I gotta come because I missed the last show :(, plus I miss ya crazy ass! :)
Ms.Sasser came up to me and gave me a hug...she knew ive been crying, and she already knew the reason RememberTrust
It went great! (I'm going to email you soon to discuss this years event)
Bball short and a polo tee, im comfy.
Struggles in LA: 9500 out of 35000 teachers laid off. Adult, 4K and elem arts cut.
Tom Izzo in statement: "I’m almost embarrassed by some of the acts of support, but I’m certainly touched... My heart was always at MSU."
what a neat idea!! you're so sweet to think of my Stems :)
you tell me. I'm bored af
a lot of things like what??
its a little cold for that guy!!! even though i know u dont care
wow ok
follow me my man
Major Problems Bitch. You Did'nt Now.Its Problems Bitch
bring yo azz down to tonite free Malibu RED tasting tonight!!! Get ur free tasting & it's free cover to get it so why not come!
I really think I need a nap. Don't know if I'm getting sick or just didn't sleep that well, but I'm running slow right now.
I say again, with emphasis, YELLOW TEAM SUCKS!
VIA is following the #socialgood summit again today! Get ready for some great retweets about how social media can facilitate social change!
If I only had a $1 for every furniture rental and/or tenting company truck in downtown Indy today.
When it's dark, God has us in the rock's cleft, covered us with His hand. Dark may be the holiest ground: God's passing by.
it's such a fabulous color! Nothing like it;)
Thanks!!! Please let me know if there is anything I can help with!
we need to take more pics lol
Dunno what to do, so ima smile and juss do it (;.
Take Me out to the Ball Game. SEASON.OPENER THIS SAT 5/28 at Chain of Lakes Winter Haven Stadium Orlando vs Polk County http:://n-xbl.com.
come to my farm stand in front of the bull and I will believe you. :-)
MAYBE I CAN SING AT THE WEDDING IF IM INVITED...NO I DONT WANT HER TO GET DIVORCED BECAUSE I SERENADE HER WITH MY LUTHA LOL! JUST KIDDN
Thanks for the shout out, &
That's it! LOVED them!!!! Think it's time to bring those back :)
If you've never won the lottery, does that mean you should play it more b/c you're due, or not play b/c you never win?
Nice fish - how si everything? I hope all is good. I ran into a guys said he meet you at the classic. did you see Brandon?
bahaha it wasn't that funny
Can't belive winter vaca is over sighs... school tomorrow :/
good to know.
i bet jessica's gonna win because j.lo had to save her ass. i honestly dont like jessica, but bugfdbsuigdf. IKR.
I don't care about spoilers. I often read em' ahead of time. I still don't get the effect of something til I see it.
Thanks. Will try!
Thanks to + for making #SportingKC Postgame happen today.
#HookMeUp with some medicine please...
hi hun how are you?
It's been pretty unproductive so far. Need to get crackin' so I don't have to work over the weekend :) How's yours going?
I have a space heater ;)
JaNasia is watching a old movie from 1961 Raisin n the Sun!!!
Scotland Yard Pub Quiz Tonight at 8. Sneak categories: Recent News. Leaps and Years. Pop Culture Math. Films from '82 '92 '02.
there's a woman.,,,
"On Some Subversive Beast Shit" should be the name of a band that writes songs based on 's tweets
GAHHHHHH my instagram unfollowed you for NO reason and it won't let me follow you again<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
I am sorry. I don't like the phone app and I don't have a computer :(
Good luck. I hope u make it.
What's up Twitter big dream loves ur follows CBS here we come
Live in Madison, work in the 3rd ward. Awesome commute. RT : I thought you were in Madison?
Yes, because we all know, if SoS accidentally retweets some revTard - that will insure the whole damn zionist plan will work. :P
ill do a photofoot shoot tomm just for that trend lol
TONIGHT! come check us out at REI in Bridgeport, look for the info classroom. Meet some of our team members and see our awesome promo vid
"People don't change, they grow." - Hanna Marin
-- I don't know. I'm not the one getting trade offers for Marcum.
I just thought the same thing! I'm ordering out tonight to preserve the shine for one more day!
Happy National Arts and Humanities Month
aye. i love you.
Sometimes it rains, sometimes it pours, Relationships would stay if it wasent for whores.
Born misfit!Could not fit in the European culture and neither I can in the North American! I
You're welcome!
scream at me..I need a favor
always look on the bright side of life. cc:
Hey everybody!!!! It's Friday
Omg this woman just walked into the window cuz she thought it was the door. LOLOLOLOLOL
thanks man!
You can't blame someone for walking away if you didn't do anything to make them stay .
#attackwatch I thumbed downed Mr Prez for oking forgiveness to Vick for what he did to those dogs. Guess I'll turn myself in now.
Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever
I ain't got shit to do tomorrow so I'm up all night
Seeing your text in the morning cheered up my day >.< Knowing that i was in your mind even for a second made me HAPPY (^>.<^)
Q2: Students learn to listen and dialogue. They also learn to prioritize and share.
BenGrubin is presenting morning session on virtualization, the cloud and your network.
I wish I could play the music I wanted to at work.
Thanks for the shout out! We LOVE happy customer stories! Thanks for choosing Dell. LM
Thanks for the follow! We have you on our radar now, too. Tweet!
Excited to open for tonight at LMU!
I have one on my desk right next to me ha
combo of half empty floor and hundreds of people on line to get on floor is deeply lame
Cool, I would love to meet an Olympic Gold Champ. Can you give a hint where in Miami?
I have 826 Followers!! my fav. 3 numbers combined just bkuz of my birthday!!=D lol....
Hey looks like it's no sleep for the both of us! Except mine is because I'm sick and can't breath. :/
Thank you to all who contributed toys for the children we serve at our Laboure Clinic. Santa Claus is coming to town!
Thanks Tim, really appreciate that, good times in Seattle.
Tweet this SIG event still having repercussions in twitterland. Learned a lot yesterday See
guys just don't understand
Set #Pandora to #Erasure and I get the best collection of 80s music to work to. Looks to be a great summer here in #Vegas! Cheers to all!
cool :) make sure and let me know what you think!
yes they did after a short chase. Glad that POS got caught. He was a career criminal at only 23 yrs old. Crappy people suck!
photos, please?!!
#nytm No more questions, its time for drinks !
Yeah...I agree for quality/consistency. But isn't having locals part of regulation to keep both sides legit?
Russell Westbrook is still a ninja turtle
I will kill you.
NOT looking forward to being up at 4:30 on a sat only to drive three hours to nacogdoches to pick my bro up...college boys do>> lol jk
Booking ads for the yearling preview issue of Hoof Beats with special rates for yearling ads.
Happy (Snowy in Boston) New Year!
Yes, sorry you wont make it. Hope everyone feels better.
met this girl she so funny. new friends as the bus stop.
are you home yet?
I love your app! I can't imagine reading website content any other way. A Chrome extension would be a nice. Thanks!
Im tweetin constantly on both of my accounts
happy 8 year anniversary, that is fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you know AJ just gonna steal that money anyways... he's made a career of it..
Congrats! RT I am Speaking at Semantic Tech & Business Conference San Francisco - June 3-7, 2012
Have you tried locally made yet? This stuff is addictive! Love the sesame flavor.
My arm is on fire!
Totally agree - why wait? :)
My hair is so puffy today... have to go to work again at 7 -____- Time to relax!!
let's get retarded
I'm trying to right my wrongs, but it's crazy 'cause those same wrongs help me write my first song,
Monastery or residency, hard to tell sometimes.
How are you gonna feel when you get a team ripped from someone already
Family Rentals fans ALWAYS receive 10% off on their rentals. Give us a call!
I'm blown like a mf rite now dawg dis sugar honey ice tea just too crazy mane
there I was now here I am, changed
dudes need lots of room:)
you don't like me
Haha normally my phone can send 160 characters, but when i send a pic i can type up to 1000 #what?
We're pumped! The #ElevenEleven Wedding Giveaway announcement is just a few hours away!
"The first thing I'm going to do is walk into DC...." Perry doesnt need to finish that sentence to scare me into moving.
Happy Monday, Twitterland! Hope you had an amazing weekend!
I am clutching my iPhone 4, crying hysterically!
Excited for the legendary Tom Dreesen's 5 pm show at the today!
Good morning twitter world!
; we were having a decent conversation about how you were.
Wrap my foot, take some pills & put my cleats on! #Footballprac.hereicome! (x
My heart ticks in beat with these kids that I grew up with.
I'll be home by tonight
MIAMI HEAT beat the KNICKS again!!! Win round 1....on to the next round......we are unstoppable!!! WTG HEAT!
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after. ~Henry David Thoreau
SPURS UP 50-40 AT THE HALF
A trophy from my future wife Thank you! We made plans to wed months ago, serving tacos & fried rice you all are invited
“: it's shouldn't!! Lmao”so u must b saying I wasn't cool. That hurts too. But I'm over it now. :)
Luckily no bananas.
I should know this, but how do I link my Google Calendar with my phone?
haha my life
Passion is a way overused word, so is inspiration.
"I just want to wish every single one of you the best in life." whoa, bolt bus driver. Got intense there. But thanks!
17 lions and 18 tigers? Is there a problem?
I'm going to be onsite tomorrow. Go without me: I don't really eat pork. Sad but true.
I've already wiped my day clean this Friday because of NATO
Busted? The only thing busted is Miss Adams, the second grade art teacher over at Oak Ridge Elementary. I mean,
Try n go ham on me and I will hurt ur fuckin feelings and won't give a fuck
Edit Edit Edit that is my day and I love it
Good Morning!! I have an interview for my internship this morning...pray for me!!
one last tasty meal in nashville, with breakfast at the restaurant.
wow , that hurt . haa
what's your favorite RHCP song? Compiling playlist now...
Two of the broadest list collections are:
Devastating (but measured and gracious) critique of Grace Driscoll's reading of Esther. Thank you. Thank you.
definitely your drag name.
Is the Rice history department that weird for having so many people deeply concerned about/invested in both higher education AND sports?
YES PACKERS!
My God, I want a Snapple.
drunk people are so funny..
Killing the penny is a no brainer. I'd like to see the USA do the same, and kill the nickel and dime, too, for efficiency.
DMI Night Out in Cincinnati. Ready. Set. Go.
followed (: where in Florida do you live?
Buying a Bank owned property ? You'll need a contractor you can trust and who knows what they're doing.Call Mr.D's or check out our web site
that's great baby! I got mine off sophomore year in high school...did u got to church today?
but a ballerina bun says, "I've got my s#!t together."It's amazing what 5 more seconds can say :)
like sunshine yellow. They were awesome!
okay (; but yes we do! Me llevas al baile ehh (;
": I wish Boozer would just get injured & get it over with damn!!" lmao ! stop it CT
The bigger the trousers, the bigger the thigh ;)
Hell yes it was planned. These people are as brilliant and calculating as they are corrupt and reprehensible.
That awkward moment when you try and tell a joke but can't stop laughing then finally get it out and no one gets it
twitter fail, that was meant to go to
With all those damn kisses the Lombardy trophy is covered in carmax and chapstick. Thanks black folk, lol
I think the postal service would enjoy that! Miss you sis!
Prep 4 storm w GF peach lemon thyme pie w/streusel top, tomato jam from come on over 4 a bite b4 the rain
William Green Elementary, 1 of our partner sites, has earned the Title 1 Achievement Award! Thanks to our #volunteers at that site!
I'm sure I'm exaggerating. But I'm needy. Girls got needs too.
(AP) -- Legendary race driver and Shelby Cobra sports car designer Carroll Shelby has died at age 89.
No tickets to the game? Come hang with us. Beer and burger deals! Great company. Should be great game. See you here
"I still do every now and then..."
People these days.
Muahahahahahahaaa!!! OMGLMNOP!!! You know you love us for life!!
72 days left to go....
first ballot, moving the Seattle SuperSonics.
#BEhomesoon hahaha shes gonna get mad at you for talking to me hahah should be doing work haaha
Good night everybody! :DD
Looks like some thunderstorms will be rolling through the metro for the next couple of hours. ~ Jake
I will celebrate for a follow!
that won't last a week
Glad you liked the posts from last night's PSC hearings. So many gr8t ideas 2 help make #PDXPlan better.
Yeah, I saw that vid! Isn't that insane? I've been working on my Dub step...let's compare notes
Not even an attempt to block or commit a foul or anything
Tonight! Your IRF Comedy Crew will be bringing the funny in the YooHoo Room at at 11 PM. Tx/info at www.flapperscomedy.com
Sunday, a guy said "I'm SO tired of this #BuyLocal thing." (I was shocked) But then he said, "Buying Local should just be a given"
time to upgrade girl!! I love my iphone and I was a blackberry girl forever!
Just watched the vid on "Google Wave." Some very powerful features that will improve on collaboration schemas - here soon from the Googsters
Rock hall archivist dude has seriously dulcet voice.
by next year you'll be joining in saying triple digits don't start till 111 degrees :-)
Man If I could see you naked, I'd die happy Man Woman Yeah, but if I saw you naked, I'd probably die laughing.
Frown Cow Ice Cream Club #:(
Some ppl say Rawr means I lov u in dinosor I just think it means run Im gonna eat you =P
My House Ducked Off...But I Still Live...#Hood!!
So uh idk how ima play Football this year ....
discovering the wonder of ustream.com
To be afraid is to behave as if the truth were not true
Oh bummer. Hope you find one that works. Does Twitterrific work?
Still got senioritus.
White girl had cakes;)
haha I bet your excited to graduate :p, I was last year but I went to pg
for sure thx as well
when I painted dodgers stadium on a ball, they had me do 5 redos b/c they wanted it to look beautiful- made me wonder...
am I missing you on FB???
Any idea of an easy web site creator ??
I have been truthful all along the way. The truth is more interesting, and if you tell the truth you never have to cover your tracks.
all is good. Working as a sub teacher in school right now. Will start NYU dental school in September. How are you?
WOW Adam Lambert has such an incredible voice- his new song Never Close Our Eyes is FIRE!!!!
The job of the artist is always to deepen the mystery. - Francis Bacon. What do you say? #art #artist #fine art
Thanks mami, your tweet just made my day!! I really appreciate your support :)
For the 1st time in his career Ryan Braun hits 3 homeruns in a game, and the 1st player to do it at Petco Park (which opened in '04.)
Jimmy can crack his corn. I am totally gonna eat mine. Smeared with butter and bathed in salt. Fresh from Scottsville Farmers Market.
Scott Radezesky of #Deloitte: personalization will create the "firm of the future"
I didn't change B**** I grew up!
French parents to boycott homework: Children would be better off reading a book rather than doing tasks at home ..
The USA & developing nations are now experiencing an unparalleled rise in the incidence of chronic, aging-related degenerative diseases
Three hot stone massages done today - two of which were back to back. Whew! Who's massagin' me?
All we got is memories, so what the fuck is time?
It's Martini Monday! All martini's $1 off! Now offering Happy Hour ALL NIGHT on Sunday's & Thursdays! Plan your week accordingly!
For #isles fans: how many times will Goring 1980 trade be mentioned on #tsn #tradecentre #SNtrade discussions?
Is #saturday the best day of the week? Or is #sunday better? What do you think?
Dark shadows
isn't that a dialogue in some Hindi movie?
damn, i don't know where he lives
best Monday ever
There was a dusting of snow when I went to bed and when I wake up there's six inches.
In the shower, I was trying to come up with a wry and sexual commentary on a body care product, and I dropped the soap mid-thought.
Cities should take lessons from #nascar about how to fix potholes quickly.
he's done
No fat, no sugar...No taste.
I'm super torn, but Prague is a shorter train ride. I don't know what to do with my hands.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions-have a great week!
DID, in Atlanta? 4 real
thank you!:)
Thanks! Good stuff for all.
lmao , over here watching comedy .
“: So many graduation parties yet so little time ! Ah #stressed” are you coming to mine? An are you having one?
i only got 2 pillows anyway, the other 3 dont have pillow cases
Scorsese might pull out an upset.
Ability, character, work ethic, injury history - just a few of Many traits valued more than intelligence by NFL teams.
Please follow me! <333333
Lil Wayne will be coming out with anew album in a couple of months
Romeo and Juliet is free on Cinemax OD....
yes you are right again.. how is it you can be right twice in one night!! you are awesome!!
Just come with me..? And I do too..
All those fairy tales are full of shit one more fucking love song I'll be sick.
That is true. x.x;; But my dread is clothes shopping. Size 18-20 is horror.
im in <3 with you!!!
It is a rare moment when I find myself rooting for red over blue - what is less rare is that my team is losing...
yeah but u got spits loc!
No, we don't have office supplies to give you at the library.
hahah that's good stuff.
I'm carrying a wee baby in my belly
Everyone needs someone... and that someone is your whole fucking family
Things we've done lately: Flash game; PHP/Oracle sweepstakes microsite; Rebranded a company; booth graphics. What can we do for you?
nice job mr dannenbring.
sweet! May have to try tweetcaster while playing my Telecaster;)
Vince Young just gave the ref an ass-pat. Nice job! Like a true pro
Thank you and congratulations to all those taking part in Amazing, beautiful people.
K-Rod for Youk. Who says no? RT MLB Trade Rumors: Could the Milwaukee Brewers Target Red Sox 1B Kevin Youkilis?
TIP: if your lush soaps ever break and you want to feel a tad like a compounder, put some wax paper in a container then add the pieces and-
": Today my parents have been married for 25 years. Happy Anniversary mom and dad!" aww congrats to ur parents
So I am late on uploaded pictures from Mescalero but I promise I'll upload them after work tomorrow! Hope you all had a great weekend!
wow wow wow..Your band kick the ass on youtube!!:) Nice job Britt!! Perfect!
Get over yourself. you turn in to such a dick.
hi chris<U+2764>
I've lost a lot of people... Lost average of 2 a year... A lot of my friends do drugs, have unsafe lifestyles.. it hurts.
Time to revisit Arizona ... because is getting married Saturday! Desert bound!
All things honest i've never mattered to anyone. #Imusedtoit but i also know im not liar.
haha. Atleast more than 2 innings! Haha. My leg still isn't healed all the way from gettin ran over by mike haha
Eating this ice >>>>
Oh man remind me to never ride a subway with , or Now go listen to (the podcast!).
and for the follows...Namaste and (SFX: SIZZLE)! :)
That is awesome news, Art! Please bring the ducks!
It's whiskey Friday?! Why did I not know this? :( RT : Happy
Go for a swim today!
You love that girl, you need that girl <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> Don't you let her go
i don't know where he is but M
HES A SPECIAL yOUNG PLAYER
Ok, people. If you had to describe me in one word, what would it be? You don't have to be nice either, I'm looking for honesty!! Please ...
I did and thank yu
Me n my love bronco date night ... M hmm !!! Lets go Broncos!!!
The moms are coming to visit tomorrow! So excited!
Ap Lang I'm afraid well meet again in college /:
Mixing today and also heading home.
Love begins with a smile,grows with a kiss,ends with a tear.~~Good night~~<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>~~
"Boom Boom" (a slick short) & MV "Fallen Angel" coming soon. "The Lookout" (feature) gearing up for prepro. Check out the website for more!
Baby's sleepin late... and I am writing!
Happy Mothers Day to the fiercest bitch I know, Momma Kostmoney $$$
Lol Get It Get It Haha
You have a horrible personality.
RAA's got a sweet new exhibit coming up in about a month. Installations involving 'light'-themes abound. more info on our artist coming soon
hey, hey, we're the monkees...
Matt and Sarah , Phil and Helen Smart - Thank you for your great work as our 2011 #MTIDreams co-chairs!
Your welcome :)
see! I'm not crazy. Lmao. They're like... Hypnotizing...
Hoes ain't supposed 2 b hittin joogs n a pimps car... That shit ain't nowhere in the pimp manual
Going to Great Wolf?
I trust not to let those makers bother us as learning takes is back seat, I am seeking a new goal almost every 2 or 3 months now
thank you moneka. thats why i like you.
I'm not going to lower my standards for anything.
Punxsutawney Phil says 6 more weeks of winter... Happy #Groundhogsday!
Fava beans and stone fruit at the farmers market. Summer's here!!!
I need to catch up on my Glee shows<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
thanks Judy the mention!xo
Nice!! You kids enjoy. Just got to Borgata, dinner res at 8, Greg's band at 11!
HES FLIRTING WITH GIRLS AND SHE'S SO PISSED
I'm good Fam, how are you doing? Still hooping right
Have a Green Day!
umm..everything ok? I hope that your day gets better :)
Orlando! Come out to Uncle Lou's for a solid Pop-Punk show with us, Slick 78, Arcadence, and Error 404! Check our FB page for more info!
Helping others is a good thing. It makes the world a better place to live.
thats to bad
Real men sit at the bar
EMTS and she was off to the Hospital...:/
for Rachel, she didnt like Rachels social game play which is apart of the game too not just comps
You really out there my nigga!
real talk RT : This "sending me WAV files with no ID3 tags" shit has got to stop right now, publicists.
I hate when I get irritated at home because I'm surrounded by negative people and it just makes it worse |:
Mike and I are joining our church "64 ways in 64 days" in solidarity during the season of peace and non violence. look it up and join us!
I see Time magazine is busy trying to make itself even less relevant. Looking forward to their vampire/alien baby cover soon.
Or both! Wine and salad would hit the spot. :)
I just turn the brightness down and I'm fine
I seriously hate school more than anything. Wish it would just burn down. And then when they rebuild it.. Have it burn down again.
I retract my last tweet. I'm open for business (retakes) Thursday... Before and after school.
RT Driving to Philadelphia. ETA 3:17 PM using Waze - Drive Social
did a test reading with a potential new hire; apparently my aura is navy blue. just another day at the office.
#codeacross Code 4 America in Viz Center today building code 4 open-source software 4 cities and nation & world
hey there ! thannk you so muchh !, are you a big fan of them too ?? ! :)
I have the best boss
W.O.W. our pals are taking the world by storm! congrats buds xo
and these cats came to play. Kenny's on fire and the band is shaking the rafters!
It sounds a little like we can discuss
Comfort food on the menu today. Time to start cooking.
Yeah. I'ma go up there at 6:00 and we'll just ask what times the contest. I'm thinking around 10:00.
now following u back =)
NREL, "we're kind of popular". good one.
In 2010, a man was attacked for trying to help a woman who was being beaten. His attacker is getting off.
Being losers wiff
Aw, I just saw that you gave me one a month ago. Had no idea! Thanks :)
fuckin.awesome.week.
aww thanks sis..i love you
Since I can't listen to Barbra, I'm listening to Kate Bush instead. Night. x
Act as if you have already achieved your goal and it is yours
Loves cooking w fresh seasoning...even @ 11:00 @ night!
left the Wilson Building and walked in2 my fav folks: The Park Police fu**in with a black lady motorist.
Lost all my DMs RT :Installed upgrade for Nambu as they so politely asked me to, seeing some funky behavior now.
We don't ship it , we install it remotley , so you'll have it today , but you must pay my invoice for 80.00, as soon as you can
that would be right!
RT if I look underage
Exactly. The "bio" section of Twitter is actually a good way to practice coming up with an elevator speech
Oh shut up!!
ya, just moved up from sc....its NOT the same up here!!!
Was just wondering how the KISS/WBLS merge would impact No more NY?
yea I was supposed to get over the wknd but didn't get around to it
We renew our mind to look forward and not behind us. With that being said, have a blessed year!!!
hey guys thx for the follow! like your music, good stuff!
Gee whizbots, I haven't tweeted in ages!
We like our brass bands just like we like our bacon: extra crispy!!! Come check out Extra Crispy Brass Band tonight at UPTOWNER!!
That's not good:( How long ya been sick?
my house, Juan tabo and copper area.
"I don't understand math." -Everyone buying Mega Millions tickets
Watching/listening to the game last night was excruciating. The announcers couldn't stop talking about Harper and the losing Nats.
ahh totally missed that. Sarcasm and twitter don't always match up as well as I'd like to think they should. My bad.
S/O to this awesome guy <U+E142>
I died too, and awww when I'm I going to see you and Jacky
Hip-Hop's leading ladies represented at the 2012 Met Gala event in New York City...
Grits,turkey bacon, Toast and cantaloupe..I love
Zane! How are you buddy?
Perfectly put, meg. RT Finally finally finally. Man, I love how snow is terrible for doing, yet awesome for being.
Pulling together some great examples of Community pages on company websites. Have one or suggestions? Love to see it & check it out!
I'm not trying to make a moral argument against smoking. I spend about that a day on coffee and chocolate.
Lob City vs Spurs. Style vs Substance. Bring it on!
awesome! Congrats!
Have a great New Year everyone!!
RT Tim Duncan #OldManStrength is awesome. (Yes it is, I can't wait 4 him, Ray Allen & D-Fish 2 hv a team @ the Y)
yes it was. ive seen kane before with almost the same type of mask.it looks just like him
So DRs in Jax send their patients to Hooters to lose weight? Is that also where they send them for ED?
all messed up, soo.. Yeah :P
Annie Hall or Midnight in Paris
bouut to get it in on protools
maybe a few...
The Lakers steal one tonight against the Blazers in Portland!. Thanks to a great game by Kobe & Ron Ron!
I love when that happens!!!!
Love when my gpa makes me breakfast! RT : Had the best breakfast ever thanks to grandpa!!!:)
I seriously can't believe he actually had the nerve to text me.lol I'm laughing inside.
It's a new year in Durham but I'll only be in it for a day...
he was dealing today. Impressive outing.
So the Pack might release Nick Collins? I hope if he plays again, he's not putting himself in serious risk. Amazing brief tenure in GB.
Watch TLC now to see our friend Mark Woods on "Extreme Couponing" as he buys items for military care packages!
Happy to see a Drupalista reading email in Pine at
Pop Lock and Drop It
thank god it's supposed to be nice the rest of the week
RT : Police looking for '09–'11 Silver Honda Civic with right side damage / missing a right side mirror involved in HIT & RUN
I'm surprise ain't talking shit today
Giving you a standing "O" from my living room! That was absolutely amazing! Woohoo!
Ha, you work in house! One look at that playground you call an office, and you'd be up to your eyeballs in resumes..
Shelia Jackson asks Ron Bennett: What should we do? Should we just close all the schools?
It's not even 6pm and today has been beyond amazing. Graduated from IU, had an amazing meal at Grazie and the won! Win-win-win!
smart girl!
What are ur likes and dislikes when it comes to opposite sex?
Thank goodness for the snooze button.
I WILL hit at least 3000 blog views before #Survivor comes back in the fall. Going to review past seasons of the show all summer long!
Wtf?! this girl ignorant
hahaaa ditto but we can have fun trying!
Tell Elon to get with the program. :)
; #thatawkwardmoment when you fall for your closest guy friend ..
My poor ribs..
LeBrick at the foul line tonight, with the pressure more finely focused in a close game.
OH: What's funny is that the most common things people post to Pinterest are skinny women and dessert.
Not a bad way to lose! (If you're a Celtics fan that is)
RT : I'm now dealing with my poor planning. What are the chances that I'll be able to follow the Vikings while on the airplane?
Thank you, Jenna! Will you be in Boston March 30th for our moving bash?
I was & am proud to have been raised by a strongly progressive, pro-choice, pro-equality mother!
I just can't get over you i can't get you off my mind as much as i try :( this fucken hurts :(
My condolences. :(
Hi Dana, have you ever read Isaac Asimov's foundation, or Zelazny's chronicles of amber?
Done with class now at the gym!! Itz gym time!hope everyone is having a great day! Happy training everyone!
Enjoy the wedding parties, you look a little like Kate. Let me know how it goes, have fun and cheers to you.
“ Ok all- RT : We are ready for Jersey Couture Season 3!!”
me too but i woke up w/a fright that it was monday and i was running late, so realizing it was actually sunday was a reprieve.
Heading to Baton Rouge for the SEC outdoor championships
The future looks bright.. RT "creativity is a renewable resource".....Biz Stone @ QCV Summit
Were you able to complete the download? Did you receive an error message? I had to call Apple cust service for help. Works now
": aye bro that Plies track go off. keep them hits coming Yo"===right on bro
Met irl at the conference. She is so nice! I felt like I was sort of a groupie meeting my favorite singer. :)
<U+FFFD>Each of us has heaven and hell in him...<U+FFFD> ? Oscar Wilde
I have a friend named Jerry.. It's hard to talk to him without laughing now a days..
If I ever see my ex again I'm going to tell him: "I can forgive everything...except you getting me hooked on watching Celebrity Apprentice."
Q: Why does Mike Tyson hate Playstations? A: Because he is an X-Boxer. :P
Congratulations!! I hear you on the e-mail overload, but keep that pride & celebration going!
yes -__- she tried to talk shit about my hair and what I had on yesterday to my sister friend yeah Bitch my sister told me.
i hate them nd i hope they go 2hell :@
I didn't say I miss you not because I'm afraid,it's because I know it wouldn't change anything
My mom got pregnant with me as a teen...She was 15...I dont judge girls who are having children as teens...I just send my love & prayers
Glad to hear it! See you there!
im just mad cuz u aint down, like you said u was and i fucked it up like u said i would but dont be tryna play me, in my kirko voice
yeah yr names take out the trash asshole
Your servers are down. What is up? Your tech support does not understand what that means.
Two 14 year old boys are in trouble for taking an SUV on a joyride. We'll go live to Cohasset at 11.
Jimmie earned it.......where did Jr finish? Its almost funny to hear that.
why you say that?
follow back
Taberna del Alabardero ’s Paella Sundays
im talking about K an G
Amen! RT : I don't know what I would do without music.
Its that time of Year Again, Summer Dress Code at Work I can wear Shorts NOW
please follow me!! I love you !!! U are TRULY AMAZING!!!!
good night I need to fall asleep before I fall out of this chair.
Hey Nicholas! Urban riding class sounds cool. We're making a huge push in Philly now! Direct MSG me
iPad is overall a better device, better battery, more apps and beautiful screen
Thanks for the retweets!
Don't talk to me just because we're the only kids in the classroom
There's an app for that?!?!?!
im sorry to hear about Angels mom, her family is in my prayers <333
and thanks for the follow:)
I feel your pain, man. It is sickening to watch our leaders sell out We the People. #supercongress my a***. Tax the rich, already!
little soft. Injured. Unlucky. Undisciplined. Especially in the secondary. W/ fast start, Wade - could leap this yr.
FYI, The Hunger Games was A-MAY-ZING. Definitely go see it. DEFINITELY.
"you were the best thing summer gave me."
that's all well and good, but hopefully the NFL doesn't investigate these rumors and fines them. That would blow.
ohh got you! I have like 5 full weeks ....... Except memorial weekend but UGHH
Hope you like some of those recommendations! I tried to give a variety! They all kept me going on my drive to SC! :)
hey I ran out of pills hook it up lol jp
So excited! I just booked my first voice over job for a major motion picture!!!!
RT : RT : God wants you to have a life filled with love, joy, peace and fulfillment.
My girls have a song on CougarTown tonight. That means yes, I actually watched it.
than gender role orientation alone, indicating the stronger association of gender role orientation to social self-efficacy.
check out for Maryland baseball info with head coach and md legend Bernie Walter
Everybodies cuz nobody picked them to win it all RT I wonder who bracket still on track since duke lost? Lol
Smh « Greys Anatomy you sure know how to make me feel ten different emotions at once. Love this show»
When nothing goes right... Go left
Y'alls #Scandal tweets won't let me be productive at all tomorrow. I have 2 episodes on DVR--moved it up to #1 on my ToDo list. Cant wait.
he suggested TinyChat - video.
first smile all day. Thank you.
Lmao hell naw you OD'd.. its not worst than that.
I know how that feels. The key to getting into it is consistency. Try to commit to just 0.5 mi, 3x a week. Then you'll get hooked.
Almost done with the review and looking forward to lunch with "Mr Mexico Leather" soon.
Haha! My friend at loves sandwiches from publix too!
i didn't even know u had a twitter fool lol! whaaddowwwn jaccc
I miss those shoes!
that'd ve pretty sweet. Amazons with the Artic's back.
RT - Seattle Mariners vs. Washington Nationals 7:05 PM
Per my #HealthyFoodie attempt: what is good (and maybe even good for you) at the Pepper Club in #Portland #Maine ?
Madison Pharmacy Associates | Perimenopause symptoms = dry skin, itching, high cholesterol, hardening of arteries, weakening of bones.
" I block him if he misbehaves..pretty simple. " <<-- That was your tweet.Looks like you had plenty of room to type.
you shuld come over friday
#scamalert: B reports malware-laden emails (subject line B SBQ) asking cos to partiicpate in a survey. Don't click the links!
Hey, No one has been answering you customer service line all day. What gives?
From now on I'm not going to take the things in my life for granted.
Sure i can be serious, but why?... really why? I guess i just don't have time for that.
I do! Come to Abq or LA when I'm there in a week and a half
I can teach sex ed, just need a cucumber and 8" diameter pvc pipe
one of the funniest shows on TV! Can't wait for next weeks episode. is awesome & wardrobe malfunction was hysterical
i need to walk away from this computer and stack of business cards i collected at #alamw12 to give my brain and fingers a rest. phew!
5am!! that is about when I go to sleep!! I hope you are truly done in 30 mins. you need to catch up on sleep. take care of you!
Humans are the only creatures on earth that will cut down trees, make paper, then write “SAVE TREES” on them.
all of the good chemistry jokes ARGON
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts. ~ Marcus Aurelius
nice morning in Virginia
My pleasure! :)
Worst headace of my life #ouchie<<<<<<
A painting that is well composed is half finished. Pierre Bonnard
And Tim Duncan is old
Sometimes I wonder if I'll ever make it but there's only one way I'm gonna know.
Alright, this means you're buying, right? :)
Yes, it's worth the extra credit. Are you going?
I've been in that boat before... DD coffee is great! I could drink it all day.
Did you know that Mexic-Arte offers FREE admission during the month of December? Come check out our Mix n Mash boards and do some shopping!
we know you do(:
how did your sleep prayer work out?
Yes I am! Yay, I haven't seen you since our weekend with TAP!!
Sounding great. RT : About to co host with !!! First time for doing this! I'm excited! So if your in Nashville listen in!
that's too bad well here's hoping for the new DK and or Spidey.
I bet loved that one.
IMHO....Mine too Rick just a rational discussion to examine and expand my own thoughts.... not a twitter fight. :-)
RT - Miami Dolphins suck for Lock
the #Packers traded up to the st spot\
Isn't "God's will" what people usually say to explain bad things?
hilarious: Uecker, I hardly know her!
was he calling a strikeout or passing a kidney stone?
Why not a plane has a PARACHUTE -that can be opened at times of possible plane crash! Pls RT ! Please retweet this!
Chanel so goofy...
It is!
Thanks so much girl! :)
Show computer CD and get copy existed a decade ago and brought down MP3.com. Welcome to year 2000.
yes PEZ cherry flavored
wait til you see what i bring out next
When someone has an issue making ends meet they oft do not want to hear about how other people throw their money away...
Lakers game at south bar n Hollywood
if yuhh wanna know how i look..lol check my last tweet!(: <33
Went well, doing well! I have more and more though. What algebra are you taking?
Different strokes for different folks
I LOVE ALL OF U GUYS IM ALWAYS HERE IF U WANNA CHAT TI AMO
#68 is a big fat FISHY dork!!
go ducks homes
see...it's a good thing you tweet and save your minutes!
aha ok :p i was gonna bring yoga pants but i dunno aha, meet me in the choir room aha
that's a good question.
you too would be perfect!
My friends birthday was today!!!!!!!
just speaking my mind, propaganda is attempting to brainwash I'm just trying to get somebody to think for themselves
You can disable the "jumping to next cue" in the workspace preferences. Disable "playback position is always the selected cue"
Yay indeed. I will visit this week to get the key and to hear about the concert!
Then hit the sack I am still watching ga and trying to find a way to earn extra money
im obsessed with eminem<3 just thought id let you know .
Living 140 BPM's @ the moment. Drop da Bass.
should be some labor laws against that... This w/e is going to be great.
Sky, did you write "I HATE MY COUSIN"
'X' is the shape I drew through your face in permanent marker. Just like the mark you knew you were makin. <3
and super glue!
Cool that Jive apps let you update the activity stream
can you follow me back please???
let me get dressed .
It scares me that i have fb stalkers!
tomorrow is going to be such a great day! at the office now finishing up giveaway items!
we're a hip-hop group from Natomas. We have old promo music on our bandcamp and YouTube and new music coming in about 2 weeks
My Dear First Lady just keep the Pres happy and take care of those beautiful children.The First Family is loved and prayed 4.
You've gotta learn to make stuff up.
Follow us to one of d biggest #BlockParties in d country!! #Foxie105 !! Next sunday
#TVnext For Greg: What, if any, parallels do you see between advertising in gaming and advertising in social?
Every other tweet on the news feed is yours. Talk about excessive tweeting....
Brief (musical) romance with Carole King ending.
i'm approximately 87 years old.
Nothing cures a case of the Mondays like BBQ! We're open today from 11:00am til 9:00pm.
High School is nothing like the real world, it's basically you spending four years of your life around judgmental & hypocritical people
Hi everyone I'm back. Had a great journey.
Yes. Apparently he's a crazy lunatic who is potentialy facing a 10 yr sentence. According to TMZ.
Is it too early to be so excited for this weekend's Ravens game? Forget about Purple Friday -- we are having a Purple Week!
thank you MOM :-)!
EL OH EL. im still thinking about it . because its to much work :p
Go ahead and say you love me
you are one of my favorite older beliebers if I havent already told you. So genuine, sweet..and level headed all the time.
Revamping our page after our photo shoot! Much cleaner, product visuals and including the release of our new design! Get yo hype on!
Happy Thanksgiving! :)
I promise u if i get a hole of ha im not lettin go
a fine good morning to my tweeps!! the #centerofmyuniverse came back home late last night from her 4 day biz trip!! #YAY!!!
just wait for the next issue :)
Lefty When they send for you, you go in alive, you come out dead, and it's your best friend that does it.
- I'm co-anchoring with Jeff. Hope to see you at 4pm!
maybe I'd get you palms if I didn't have 2 papers to write
aww thanks! I loved being there!!!
So tired -__- school game tomorrow :)
wanna follow us & make that 10,000? (;
CEO Andre Durand will be a featured speaker at #eic12. We'll be exhibiting and of course a Ping Party. Come check us out!
You got to lick it, b4 yuh stick it
That was fun, but there's a lot of work to be done, and food to be eaten. Taking a break.
Gospel Fest concerts moving to bigger park - Chicago Sun-Times
i do to lol but its all good u got it
yea 2hrs later on my fne
"Proof of God is an ever-receding pocket of scientific ignorance." Neil DeGrasse Tyson
At this point I can play nothing but H&T Hitz at a kick back..
“: elements to heal. to heal is to stand upright. using this.”
YES.....NO MORE SNOW FOR MUCH LONGER!!!!!
Ads and Heat tied at 2 after 2.
Also, would I love titties more or less if I had been fed from one (or two) for years after I was cognizant of my surroundings?
Go Rado! Well done.
Lol caught U lacking g ! Hacked by ( :
Such a happy baby! The world needs happy babies lol!
Time for me to go to bed Now.. GN
#WorstChatUpLines How do you like your eggs in the morning? fertilized?
and yes Jesse please by all means edit whatever you need to if you choose to use my answer in NEHJ for May, heh
#wma2011 Who else is going to the Modern Architecture and Contemporary Art reception tonight?
Enjoy #FreeYoga this wknd at the new Bikram Yoga on Julia St. and on Sun. at 3:30 pm - B.Y.O. Mat
JO BROS
come to the library!
Hahaha that's what I'm saying xD
I look forward to it . Cheers!
Had a blast at the CAF Jazz Improvisation Competition! Got second place in my division and a people's choice award!
345: You're really pretty! Tweet me sometime(:
Why do girls think its necessary to post half naked pics of themselves?
thanks Obama. For wanting to raise the cost of our benefits His marine guards should show their appreciation with a pistolwhip
#HappyMothersDay to all the ladies out there who not only GIVE life but make LIFE worth living.
headed to #livingroomnightclub las olas flow
yes we shall!
Lmao the madness
RT : Today in Jewish Sports History:1941 Hank Greenberg hits 2 HRs in last game before army to serve in WWII
Lobster hostilities lead to boat sinkings in Maine
Looking forward Commencement Sat. 4.28! Make sure to swing into the Community Tent 4 coffee,hot choc, & connect w/ alum volntrs!
Welcome to Twitter!
Your words mean a lot to me Nicoll. Thank u so much for the support. I pray it can stay close to your heart. Glad I could help
im goin to sleep
what songs should me and cover?
Fashion Faux Pas! Lisa Marie Owens Salon discusses the Bird Feather Craze www.southfloridaalerts.com
they said it was packed when they went in - guess it's good
Just keep swimming... just keep swimming...
Huge fan but personally the #XTS looks like a volvo or buick! Not interested, at least I drive an #XLR...waiting for #CIEL!
What I thought wiz would have won best new artist!!
Volley will help eliminate paper mail ! That's a savings for all of us! Learn more by calling us at 505-899-3104.
Forecast is 74 & sunny for tomorrow-time to play hooky. Mention this post at Grove on Thur & your first glass of wine on the patio is $2.
yes! Definitely want to take advantage of the GA & Cape properties. Using my points in Orlando for spring break this year!
you are a bitch!
Massage for $22 from Elements Therapeutic, only on www.crowdclick.com!
a W for you and the #Brewers, and a baby the day before = #staching Congrats!
Zynga's treasure isle stinks.
"Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming." John Wooden 1910-2010
Follow back me is a Awsome account related to Watch porn :*
lol many jokes similar to that were made!
#GOP has a "case of Ricketts"! You know what "RICKETTS" is: RICKETTS is whn YOU R SICK & WEAK & LOSE CONTROL of YOUR MIND!
oh Nah you good
Bored text me
lol u feel me
this nigga watches thee most random bum ass home made movies on netflix.... smh
nope, show tonight (Brass Rail) - tomorrow 5-10p =)
Dear Future Mistakes,/Please, stop laughing. - from Black Peculiar :: Energy Complex by Khadijah Queen
I wonder if #Braun and #Rodgers will ever open a business together? Now that would be cool!
And i never found my ipod-___-
They did a great job. Fun to have them teach each other!
Okay, I'm going to hold you to that fam! Congrats on making it to the next round.
HA! We know each other from ATL days-when I was in bands. Nagging him for new biz for years!!
thanks for all your help with publicity.
Dude, I juss took like 8 minutes to make an account to vote 4 you. You better love me now. haha=)
Thanks for following! I've followed back!
Ha! Amen.
Essent Guaranty Vice Chairman to Discuss Future of Housing Finance and the ... - Sacramento Bee
love it. My Hunter rain boots were the best thing I packed for Coachella
Keep Pushin Bro!
When we drink, we do it right, gettin’ slizzard.
I been bullshittin like I dont have a final tomorrow...lemme go study forreal
Time to go be bored in español
Oh yeah new hair....It's red! Hope people like it :)
There is 0% chance you are straight
Just gave $ to defeat #Amendment1 in North Carolina! Billy Graham took out a full page ad against #LGBT families. Please help!
If you're reading this right now, congratulations! You're alive. If that's not something to smile about, I don't know what is!
:-):-) Hey love your songs all of them. <U+2665>
haaha lmfao! i think tay was referring the green giraffe to a tree 0.o i'm not entirely sure..nor will i ever be for that matter
And the Cards are back on their game.
My brother is a Rush Limbaugh fan, huge fan, and how he's my brother, I cannot understand.
yes my friend Vijay reddy who worked for The Hindu joined this man. Now he regrets the loss of time very badly.
New name for a journal article in the works! "When Computers Were Amateurs: Hobbyist Computer Clubs in the 1960s and 1970s"
RT : Happy Veteran's Day! We'd like to thank all the brave veterans who help protect our country.
You will need a merchant account in addition to SagePay. Please email support - we can help you with any additional ?'s.
Engineering is the professional art of applying science to the optimum conversion of natural resources to the benefit of nature
": Dear #GIJoeRETALIATION fans.... get ready....." Looking forward to this Jon!
What is your email address?
taking little brother to airport, then im headed to miami
R u joking me wit this weather again...come on now!!!!
: at top right corner sign in...did you yet?
Online encyclopedias have really taken away the need for offline research.
Have left overs from all those holiday meals? It's time to throw them out and get back on your fitness goals now. Don't wait till 1/1/11.
[#RIT POLL] What are you going to be for Halloween?
After the first 15 days of #Movember I think I have successfully grown a 5 o'clock shadow...
seriously already....
NBA lockout is over!!! Now Christmas will be even sweeter, it'll be opening day of the NBA!
Fish Fry and Clam Chowder every Wednesday and Friday during Lent! $10 off bottles of wine!
Coming to the #Brentwood area for Violet Crown tomorrow? Stop by! We're having a designer sidewalk sale! 11a-5p Sat-Sun.
Ron Artest is gonna perform!
Recovery for big business, oil and gas, pharma, war, and minorities with open hands. #Elections2012 Take America Back
yes it does look
lmfao tell me the whole story!
So excited for 2 hours of #Glee tonight!!! Looking forward to Tina's warped view of the world where everyone is someone else!
...you can't throw and hit the base
Omg...horrible game today. Thank god our young inexperience defense saved our asses.
Spent the weekend learning color grading software. Long way to go.
Saw a number of good/decent players at today's City Cup tournament. Now to convince them that playing collegiately matters.
ok #Packers pick makes sense, all the prime DLs are off the board except for Upshaw, and he might slide to them in the 2nd
Eric Holder said so, and he never lies RT : But, but, but... there's no such thing as voter fraud!
what happened to UK not making any fouls at the end of the game? Signature win for coach Crean!!!
I agree
do you think that the 5 starters that has this year could competitively play with some NBA teams???
hope u get to feeling better
I think they're wrapped!
You just kinda gotta live with it and learn from it. u'll have no problem finding another guy. Just give it time
Then a dude like me barges in and stops right in front of you. Yes, you. (not me, though I never do that, I swear).
it's at the s. Street seaport. Off wall street. There is an independent ikea ferry.
lol I'm sorry for ya but what u studying?
Ley do it! RT : RT : Have been told to expect Demar Dorsey to play at Hawaii this season. Former 4/5* Mich commit
They say the best part of a stripper ran down the side of her mothers leg...
. This will not be overlooked.
Or squeezy cheesy peas?
Nice : Just learned our adventure race team was on the cover of some South American magazine for our 2011 Ecuador race!
"shake it fast" by mystical
Thanks for the retweet. Blessings ^staff
follow back!!!!
Listening to Coach Back go through his ring tones on his phone during the rain delay at state track meet
I heard Father Suarez of present on the topic of digital books a year or so ago. It was awesome.
I just got dropped into the middle of a rave!
Tonight: I'll be performing with The Score @ 10 pm as part of Wash Improv Theater's #CapFringe2011 contribution, Audiofiles. Source Theatr.
i think she's painting her nails while watching an episode of MTV Cribs
good luck with interviews,
I love North Carolina.
"ok may bean ap first?" I want a bean ap!
true true your so wise young nephew!
Is it raining where you are in #SanDiego?
All #cats 8 months and older have a reduced adoption fee of $8.00 fri-sun at the #houston #spca check them out
If she's mad, kiss her
make sure you follow and maybe tweet about alumni week a little!
dataviz: "overview, zoom & filter, details-on-demand"
today's agenda: meeting with a faculty member about using materials in a class & a brown bag on librarians who want to publish
geobrains! RT : showcasing for zombie attack health care analysis.
I can't wait to hang out with my new bros in
$18 worth of post-it notes.
letting go
I feel sick to my stomach right now<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Rangers are on the board 53 seconds into the third. It's Dan Girardi.
I haven't. Have u tried it? What should I expect?
An important factor in SEO is the anchor text of the backlink
So according to the director + vocal director, I may actually *be* a soprano. heh. Who knew? (REALLY need to find a vocal teacher.)
Word has it that #Knicks might put $50 million on the table for Phil Jackson
Whoa... looks like we'll be going to 10 weddings in 2012! The mid-20s marriage rush...
classic mix up
#IUsedTo think was cool. NOT ANY MORE! She's such a loser!
Glad u enjoyed: Had a great time last night at the event. Thanks to Nicky V's for hosting. They have great...
Thanks for the words Michael.
How loves are we!! God says I have you in my hand, I will never let you go
Tom night sounds great. NYE was to much fun!!!!
Yes is the first gourmet popcorn #foodtruck. Hope you will visit us when we hit the streets.
TNG has a NEW ONE! Tenatively titled "PEDESTRIAN" ...hope you like da kick drum! ;)
I mean its coo to play hard to get but I'm the type to take things the wrong way.
That is so wonderful -- congratulations!
Tuesday Sports Fix Schumacher not happy, Rodionova out, Rooney's dad cleared, an IPL battle Royal and Aussie snooker champs steps in for
RIP #swamp dude !
take your own advice then, because I "could care less" about you. Also, finish up 5th grade before your next tweet.
God will never give up on you, He will never leave you or forsake you and He is faithful even when we are faithless.
« Niggas ask me to bump dey shit, i do cause i would want the same love....with that being said myfeedback is 100% honest!!»
I'm kidding calm down xD
T up for fucking crying. I thought you couldn't bitch at refs.
Some blonde all down my pants tonight, she Slaps me. Wtf bitch.
wats good, wat u been up to?
VALENTINES DAY WEEKEND! Come get a Sweethearts Dance! Porn stars in the house...come get X DVDs signed!
Don't do the crime! ;)
aww i got a headache 2 :( dont feel so good D; it hurts lol
Feed your faith and your fears will starve to death.
broken again :'(
?? I would think that going from 400 to 20 clients would be more in line w/ that definition.....
Yep, it's in the works. I'm thinking Amazon S3 or Google Cloud Storage...
I was like uhh, why the FUCK are THESE people showing up on my News Feed!? lol.......oops
Nevermind.... annyyyways... back at Go Daddy's BBC next Friday - Blue & Red - Blue Ribbon Band & Red Light Refugee! Gonna be awesome!
what a great show . You can listen to a download at www.FocusSociety.com
thanks Obama for supporting gay marriage? what for? He's not supporting musical marriages you cumdumpster.
for real? on what station was it?
Shout out to Ron Ron coming back & doing work
Wow does beer flow like water in my new house. although I have to give a big fu to the people who owned it before me....I hate cats
cute! and true.
Pic de Bugarach: French commune home to 20,000 ‘doomsday cultists’ awaiting alien salvation |
thanks! RT: “: Stoked to have Andy on board again this year! Here's to a great show this April!
funny, most in iMedia circuit agreed with Re: Luma. But many I spoke with yesterday were blown away. Weird audience mix here...
"My gift is my curse & my curse is my destiny"
keep doing what you're doing. so proud of you!!!!! EVERYBODY FOLLOW
I already had lunch...but just Rob here to make me laugh more would be good!
JJ Hardy is awesome plays SS, not 3rd
(: Its true babe
nope. Check out the game fan link on my channel. 3Month on sale
CHHHEEEECKKKOOUUT!! MY TWIN Bro's Music VIDEO on youtube!! supra-My Dreams Are Our Dreams..TALENTED RAPPER!!!PLEAZE..Comment, Rate!!
In the control room at the halo studio with Jon Wyman
Can't wait for that game tomorrow, that's going to be a definite WIN and I'll be sporting my new Vick jersey I got for xmas!
Another rad trip to Thank you Mood!
#desperateHousewives series finale tonight:( I'm gonna miss it so much :(
Thanks to everyone who came out to the event today and everyone who checked out our #shirts too!
Retoucher Available with reasonable rates- If you're interested please email me at:
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8> lmao you started it
Body Glove DropSuit Rugged Case for iPhone 4S and iPhone 4 ...
any word brah..?
When gets asked out in aisle 6 of King Kullen
“: I know TD is puttin a big smile on the face of ”
Hate not being able to sleep, so much on my mind <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
#Rothbury done for? www.mnlivemusic.com
Child please!!
I’ll get you a cup. Less worried about stringing those words together in my head than I am about actually writing them down.
Thanks again for the interview!
Last night I couldn't stop thinking of you....
Ugh people who still use checks at walmart I hate walmart
It's interesting to note that according to some, everything that is wrong in America is The President's fault.
bout to go to class
From top of hill on I25, haze over Santa Fe. But once in town, hard to tell!
bowling & drinking.. the life I live is out of control.
Five days eating my way around Southern India - lower intestines set to explode in three...two...
La Tonia Aziz Zee Harden I want to say THANKS again Aziz, You did a GREAT Job. The photos and slide show are great.
“: Sleep is death. The awakened don't sleep, they rest.” // Well... It's gettin' late here in Chicago. I'm off to die!
I was susie homemaker today. Breaded chicken, cheesecake, fudge. Im on a roll!
hahaha I'm glad I can be that ma'am! I strive everyday to be an inspiration to my peers. This calls for a celebration <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Oh that way... that way always looks like gloom and doom. To the right still looks good!
I'm surprised the Tri Lambda's didn't go with their standard "Liquid Heat" as opposed to Icy Hot for Bryce.
I kno some where Derrick Rose laughing at the Miami Heat lmao.....
and now on to lunch with City of Chicago CTO John Tolva. Looking forward to hearing more about Open 311
I heard a story on npr today about Togo and how it's becoming a new travel destination!
everything I know about SocMe tells me that report is BS. Can't believe that linked in advisor client aquisition stat.
that doesn't make sense.
Rocking and rolling in the Heels.com office, love the beautiful Carolina day!
Sometimes wht the person says is the caption for the pic is the only funny part of the pic
<3 u guys, but not tweeting through this session; cdn't focus; twtng while watching was lk listening to some1 talk thru the movie.
All pills are sleeping pills if you take enough of them.
Finally got my paycheck!
#ThatMomentWhen you realize you don't have to go to school tomorrow.
I found out that this was actually a fault with Sony Vaio batteries in general.
Thank you friends. Much appreciated.
Streak is 17-0 dating back to the first half. 2nd long stretch we've seen #Temple go scoreless for 4 or more minutes.
Never would have thought a South Park episode would leave me speechless
Almost the weekend! Stop in and swirl a cup on your way home...Make Rush Hour a little more enjoyable while savoring a guilt free treat!
Never been a #Braves fan; but I have the utmost respect for Chipper as a person and player. Class act all the way.
Best part of What Not to Wear right now: the nominee sounds exactly, precisely, like Marcel the Shell.
great performance!!!
Kinda surprised all these people are able to live-tweet a
For fall trip ideas to stretch your dollar and your smile, like 50 Free Things and Perfect Day Itineraries, visit sandiego.org/choosehappy.
practically the 2011 #Twins lineup.
Been waiting for this day since 94... win or lose I'm going to cry either way. Go #Canucks!
it all starts with an idea
Home alone watching jersy shore my brother went to play basketball I have to stay home it sucks and it so boring to!!!
Is it possible to smoke someone under the table!? Lmao random <U+E414>
game recognizes game...you know that!
Welcome to the Twitter club! Definitely "Worth" a follow. They create and print beautiful things!
What is your favorite episode of glee?
is a speaker THIEF.
can you call me
Careful out there, tweeps! Still getting lots of phishing DMs. Don't click any "is this you" or "you look funny here" links!
The Auldicia Rises poster is absolutely BEAUTIFUL!!!!
neither. A real lady doesn't kiss and tell! Go figure babe
LP Thursday, bring in your records or listen to ours! Happy hour 4-7pm with NCIS filmming on Broadway and Linden. Come watch the action.
I don't mind it. The gameplay is honed to a razor's edge. A nice return for Max Payne.
Working 9-6. 'Til then I'm gonna need everyone to regale me with typo-laden texts and tales of whiskey-soaked revelry
yeeeeh.... haha wow i just read ur tweet.... it took u 3hrs ??!!! thats crazy ........ good thing we left lol
“: I'm just a kid but I know how important it is 2 keep ur word.” -- Uh oh do we have to teach someone a lesson?
I'm right here.
love seeing all my new salon friends thanks for the follow
Virginia~ The beauty of the world has two edges one of laughter one of anguish cutting the heart asunder.
A thunderstorm on Oaks day is like a Terd in the punch bowl.
Last year on this date #Yankees played their earliest home opener. Played in raw & damp weather they beat #Tigers 6-3.
DUDE I DON'T REALLY CARE RN. AH
what's up girl miss u haven't talk to u in like forever WTF!!!!!!
Where do you start to get rid of Comcast?
john a. powell: American society right now is priming people to be anxious abt race. Unfortunately, he hardly mentions Asians.
Twitter is so awkward right now....
Hi! Yes new shack but everything else is the same :)
I'd say Chuck Norris reads the newspaper in 3D!
ohh so you ratchet? prove it...jack my dick in church while I cover ya hand with the bible while you sitting next to ya mother
Sure, that's the passive way out. I'm looking at the activity of the mall from more of an ethical standpoint.
as mentioned in a prev post -- what works for some does not work for others also apply to space design
Target is my new favorite store.
Turn on the stream and the first thing I see is fucking Girls' Day. jfc
I wanna go to the studio! RT : what i do? Lol
to many chances.. eventually no more chances given :/
Good quote! I couldn't agree more!
Maybe something Romney did 48 yrs ago doesnt matter, but his typically bumbling, disingenuous response and fake apology should.
I'll send major #FF shout-outs this evening- Getting back into my Groove and lovin' it--
Test your smarts at Trivia Tuesday tonight at 9 p.m. Winning team scores half of their tab!
Lord, Help me to remember that everyday is precious and that nothing should be taken for granted.
Saw "The Artist" finally. Brilliant! And a great "pre-make" of "A Star is Born"...
At 5:30 PM it's a gorgeous 60° at the and Curtis St.. Slight crowd headed to Coors Field for the #Rockies game..
Me too! <U+2661> RT : I was actually up early this morning watching Canada beat Belarus!
gone with less than a word moaned in my ear; significant for a spell might become deafening secular movement of a lifetime
Loving the look of the new website.
they didnt give u a application to join #CirqueDeSoleil? haha
Damn I'm really just now waking up! Ahh
Is failing most of her classes.
Enjoy a great holiday weekend from all of us at !
I won't him.
love it!!
school is easy broski
I just watched the BSG finale. I really liked it even though I'm sad that it's over.
I already almost pissed myself with that snoop dogg part on that female dog video haha
Listening 2 So Sick and automatically thought of =)
I love my job! I love my coworkers and the kitchen boys know how to gas-up a lady's head! :)
Sunday funday so quickly turns into Monday-eve
Finaly went skiing this weekend after a long summer. Good to be back on the slopes
": Spinning/Fitness instructor w/ the best musical selection award goes to ----> !!!! Dayyyum skippay" U killed it!
spring break yeah :D :D
how the #secgen feel about #mobile technology to educate #ModelUN enthusiasts? We're trying to help...
it was close to the end, it's gone off now lol.
Happy 23rd to my big bro
not at all
What is a great example of a “fluff” news story to you? A "fluff" story is a story pitched at exactly the right time and on a slow news day.
Talk about bush league #baseballpolice #Cardinals Gonna cost you the game now.
lol, one of these things is not like the other ones.
Funny. :) And, thanks for the follow.
Happy birthday to your grandma bro ": Big bday s/o to my grandma, 89 and still strong! Love you!"
I will take a picture of the snow for you if it happens :D
Still listening to THE FIERY CROSS by - Disc 29 of 47. Bit slow thru the War of the Regulation part.
follow my new twitter?
Hungry and bored!
***SKALIDAYS*** is tonight with murphy's kids, no bs brass, race the sun and more. JOB FOR A COWBOY tomorrow night! Both
This is great! Have you heard of film, Porchfest?
yes, a generous guy methinks :-)
you really dont look it..(:
#YODO you only desert once
Let's get it mane lol no points
I've determined the objectively worst possible pun-based Ska band name: The Skantron Test. You're welcome world.
Good Morning!
USA enter the 2011 Rugby World Cup with 3 straight losses. Hopefully a full healthy squad will lead to a better World Cup performance
Stay with us and enjoy our Complimentary Deluxe Continental Breakfast which includes fresh made waffles, biscuits & gravy, and much more.
#Cyberlibertarianism is a common term in the design of the web, includes technical evolution, #privacy & anonymity
That car sounds like the car off chitty chitty bang bang: only if u spell chitty with an S.
“: #Oomfs said they're about to get the THiCK FiNE STALLiON.. Say what?!?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I hope you'll recommend The Bearded Gentleman: The Style Guide to Shaving Face, Robert! :) ()
And I don't think my Dad, the inventor of toaster's strudel, will be to pleased to hear about this....
Fuck u essay u r making my life miserable right now!
This experience is a quick way to lose a new customer. No show yday. None today. U do not respect my time.
How exciting! I hope to attend this year's Philadelphia conference, as I am on the east coast :)
i love the new beanie you got!!!
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Listening to my Pressing On CD waiting on Semi Driver...I dont feel like working today ugh! Life as a Musician...
At least I still look good. Skinny or fat you still a bitch my nigga.
Rest in peace, Amarillo Slim.
lmao I love dirty dancing
Are you sure your tweet makes sense?
I have seen the future.
Congratulations! What a cute kiddo!
Good morning Luis :)
When you feel like an actual relationship might come from this. >>>>
i think imma go bck to bed im tired
Are you talking to yourself again? ;)
My niece said it best, i proved that all guns are dangerous lol
Attention performance improvement community of Denver, CO. Make Work Great! www.ispi-frc.org
Whoa! Reading...
Speaking of the World Cups, does anyone have a working VCR they don't mind parting with? Still have most of the 02 games on tape.
Oh I could REALLY use one of those
Listen to that Mavs crowd.....cricket.cricket.
Lucky you! I need a new machine I have sewed mine out! {{{HUGZ}}}
Waking up to lightning..woke up scared
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine? - Tupac Shakur
hahahah justin bieber
i always want to be friends with funny people
Great win last night Timbers! Showed real grit on the field
you can keep the job, I just want the money
After a date with a ribeye and bottle of Malbec, I'm calling it a night. Good night, kinky world!
The awkward moment when you are not following the funniest account on twitter. Follow for some best tweets on twitter <3
*him RT ": Now things are better but we needa give it time and i love her and i hope we start dating againg:)"
#IReallyHateWhenPeople Talk to u for a week and ignore u
Sherron! Sherron! In the Gym, In the Gym!
Remember me saying I squashed that stats test? Well, I made a 100 ;)
I am listening to the game in Jerusalem, and as a former Montrealer it makes me ill to listen to DVH as a Marlins announcer
Dude at BK having the time of his life singing Gold Digger by Yeezy lol
Putting my pudding into small cups, otherwise I eat the whole bowl.
glad that this guy has problems and felt the need to sit by us.
and stoked to see the tweets being exchanged!
We are getting ready to launch Birdy City! This is exciting!!
At Sunday's talkback, audience members from every demographic couldn't stop asking us: how can we help this get bigger? What's next?
Good luck to everyone with spring alergies... Any remedies that you recommend to heal those itchy or watery eyes?
this inspired saturday night sponsored by Crown, Coke, Fender, and Apple Products. Lets make some music.
All the best people are in the dot cafe right now
Bahahaha, im pretty sure I tweet about ice cream 5.6 times a day.
are u going wed?!
It's up to you to chart the course and stay the course. People will insert their agenda and derail your vision if you let them.
Friday where have you been my whole life?? #can'twaitfortheweekend
We have arrived in OKC. Playing the the Hi-Lo @ 9.
How r u feeling
Headed behind-the-scenes at #OpeningDay with the XFINITY Sports Guy tomorrow. Be sure to follow !
Been there, done that, messed around. I'm having fun, don't put me down ;)
all smiles your way bud! Keep me posted
didn't you right like a million blogs last time?
Literally 3 minutes in Allentown. Not a high traveled airport.
#astdalc topknots rule! Don't reinvent!
its not that i know how to be a man or how hard it is to be one does not mean i'm stupid enough to think that our one
Your welcome :)
I still don't understand how you can be pretentious in the mall.... I mean it's the mall
#opengovwest A few state and feds, about 6 nnonprofits, a dozen private sector. 3/4 use Firefox and 1/4 IE. Most own PCs.
and i will make sure you are the first to hear it.
I have to say I hope you are right! Thanks
Join us this week for #RetroOnThePatio. We'll be groovin to Beatles tunes provided by Carson and the Pool. Vintage cocktails avail!
Our time together is just never enough, I miss you.
sometimes when you are wrong you need to apologize, i did and now everything is cool. <-- cool chick right here haha
We can't wait either! Looking forward to the start of a great creative project.
Because the writer will hate you and the director will hate you. You can't be subtle. Get the lines out.
Thanks for all the support!
I smoke blunts to keep tha pain out : if I wasnt high id prolly blow my fckn brains out _ tupaC
and my parents are meeting in person for the 1st time this weekend... good times
I was sspending the night over my sisters house.
If you love Latin Jazz Yoshis Oakland is the place to be this weekend for Armando Peraza, John Santos and Orestes Vilato. Armando's 85thbday
Keep your deal going forward by using deadlines at each step in the process: Before the end of the month, before he goes out of town, etc
new hash tag. #relskagang coming 2012.
I miss you
Secret Service and black Cadillacs in front the Alibi Club.
way too much orange here at the garden.
Who's watching the Jersey Shore Reunion? I wonder if they are going to address Sitches drug problem? Doubt it.
LPT Thx a million RT thanks! i've already got two old (one really old) cell phones set out to bring with me for the charity drive.
I wish I had Lindsay Livengoods boobs.
so much awesome detail. Looking good Holmes!
Thanks to those who listened to "Have Heart" on . It's been rad to hear the kind words! #YR New music coming next month!
Sitting in on a FIU class with
Sorry I couldn't make it! Hope the event went well
Almost dying on my bike lately.
I'd strongly recommend a Julie, too. RT In life, it's good to have a
Spent 1 viewing of #Landscape just taking screen grabs. I have over 200! Usually do similar with all his. They're all so beautiful.
i love the voice, so good!...
OH: I love prayer time at church, it gives me time to catch up on while the *professional* does the praying.
hahaha you know it's true!
I'm ready for this face to face talk.
Hate to break it to you, but Twitter might not be the best place to have feelings. Xoxo.
Approximately 850 peanuts make a 18 oz jar of peanut butter
Need to start packing for school but instead I'm going to go lay out all day!
not a problem, just let me the date & time.
Once again, the perfect and easy-as-pie solution to a student's problem didn't cross my mind until an hour after he left the library. Sigh.
the Minds and I are freakishly similar.
A little boy asked his father, "Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?" Father replied, "I don't know son, I'm still paying."
I sort of want Johnny and Starr to get together!
Seems like the "Pacquiao" camp is now trying to do damage control. Don't make ANY homophobic remarks ya won't get "Misquoted"
you MUST watch the next episode then...Dany is about to KILL IT :-)
I would love to look at differences between D.R. & Puerto Rico and English speaking Caribbean.
#Ravens player named AFC Player of the Week 3 cons. times now, the NFLs longest streak. Had POW in 6 of 9 wins this season...Ties NFLs most
I Be Making Some Bad Decisions!
omg yes!
#FutureofPD Conference hosted by APDS Students to take place this Friday. Follow our handle & hashtag for live streaming & to participate
I could look like Santa Clause in a Day, okay
Orchard Supply Hardware Stores Corporation Announces Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Fiscal 2011 Financial Results ...
NO. im staring.
interesting Idea... I know a lot of "founders" who own 1% of a company haha
In between meetings with the Board of Governors
ok, we've got to get a bottle of wine first, but will be ready in 15
lol I did the same thing
“: LOLOLOLOL my nxt prayer request is 4 U 2 speak n tongues!!!!!” I'll just take a tongues class like u did!!! Lolololol
can you still even make babies at that age?
my baby cousin that's 4 Years old just ask when #talkthattalk video coming out :) yess its on repeat now
My bus is so loud.
feel better soon hun
I dig weird too, but weird out of context just equals... weird out of xontext
Hey looking forward to seeing you bright and early tomorrow morning!
People still have preconceived notions abt the title librarian. We are still seen as keepers of info not the guides.
Hey Gina, are you shooting any new cooking shows now, just curious.
Messed up my back or something. I can barely breathe it hurts soo bad! Well this could be an issue,bc I needa breathe! Lol :'(
"I'm not a perfectionist!" I defended. "Correct, you're just on the road to excellence," he replied... Let's bloody well hope so.
Iced tea from dunkin >>> ..thank you !
mad at myself that I did not read the blackouts before I bought it, NBA.tv has the Mavs in Austin.
Sounds fun. Have a great day shopping.
Are John Huntsman and Colin Cowheard the same person?
Those moments where ya just wanna scream Who Gives A Fuck!
loved the new video! Everyone watch!
You're welcome. Some very thoughtful blogs. Like My molehills are others mountains. :)
What happened to what?
you kiddin me?
thanks for the RT!
Has there been one #Caps playoff game that hasn't gone OT? #GoCaps!
Ten years ago: The remains of kidnapped Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl were unearthed in Pakistan.
NYC, May 12, your favorite Nightmare will be on stage at Branded Saloon in NYC at 9pm. Hope yall ready! Me and my team are going to kill it.
IT GOING DOWN AT LIV TONIGHT
LOL RT Jrue Holiday's face looks like he walking into a surprise birthday party at all times
tel me about it pshhh
RT : In need a Graphic Artist/Web Page designer who know a good one that don't be B.S about they craft? >>
You know the old saying: "Once you go Jacques, you never retournez."
EVERYBODY BUY THE MY CRACKHEAD UNCLE MOVIE! OCTOBER 1 2011 ALSO GO TO WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM TO GET A VISUAL!
Do you remember your favorite concert?
Can't believe he didn't get in first time. RT Congrats to Shannon Sharpe on being named a finalist for the HoF.
Feel free to retweet if you agree "Child Boo - - - HAVE A SEAT!"
This week I built a new front porch big enough to hold a few rocking chairs. Haha
was rooting for as well..... great season
Why am I always on Twitter hack patrol? Can't Twitter develop an API that detects phony twitter sites and autoprompts user to change PW??
FATAL ATTRACTIONS
was just gonna tweet about how ridiculous he is
I'd take pictures of my food and post it online but everyone already knows what frozen pizza and frosted flakes look like.
they make it in pomegranate!? Oh man.
northern drinks :)
All this time I have been saying Max pain it's actually Max Payne I feel so stupid and I call myself a so called expert in gaming
Me:*texted my friends* "hey guys i lost my phone. Can you call it for me? Phone: *ring...ring...ring..." no comment...
You were amazing in that video!! I love you!!:D
My mom got me a new curling iron:)
Ghfvdqruzniyv welcome to paradise.
have to live with the way they are playing and don't need the fan base giving them crap about it.
What was the prank?!
you mean bread? and mine wasnt all that moist actually. it had an average amount of water retension for a slice of bread
I like how suddenly I'M the weird one in cuz I'm not wearing pajamas or clearly on meth.
Good Morning my twitches. #NP Akinyele - Put It In Your Mouth. You can't not smile....
The desire for a richer, fuller more abundant life is praisworthy.
I want some food.
#Huguely jury dismissed w/out starting deliberation. Reconvenes Wednesday at 9am.
Not realizing you didn't do part of your final 30 minutes before your final
nope! :( I don't get it! TSC has more than 2 mill viewers it get cancelled. GG has less than 1 million n it get renewed wth?!
Utd playing not to lose so far
#C Oakbridge supports Sid, it's why we're wearing the "C"!
Text marketing - Come in tonight and get $7 off dinner for two! 20 customers that wouldn't normally be there show up!
Does Omaha have a big homemade/diy fair/event that isnt lame, in a church basement and attracts a crowd under 65? should do this!
NEVER. STOP IT REEEBBBY.
I just might buy Justin Bieber's new song, "Boyfriend" ... uh oh.
yup, Noles were in exact same slot last year vs. Notre Dame
..i taste pain and regret...
Thanks, Dave. Cool that you're making all this public.
Firehook Bakery uses only organic white flour, wheat germ, wheat bran, sea salt & water to make a great loaf w/a slight tang.
Lol who said size don't matter 8''-10" long 2½" wide make it happen :-P
one more day dude!
You guys should go to miami, Florida (y)
Please tell me you bought that.
weirdo! Text me. I wanna see you Wednesday! And I'll be at the high school tomorrow at 2
you running it this year? X
ANNOUNCEMENT: The deadline to submit films to The Film Festival of Colorado has been extended to MAY 13!!
My stomach hurts. -_-
"I hope you step on a lego" The most hurtful thing anyone has ever said to me.....
Listen to the Jake and Kyle Show tonight @ 9 on www.wolfpackradio.com
Having a mirror pond next to mirror pond
Last night a survey about gambling, tonight a survey about Mexican food; these people really don't know my interests
that red bull seemed like a really good idea a few minutes ago. power-writing time!
Thanks for the great blog post!
Daddy's following me.... :D woo n
Sleeping in the buff.
New to Twitter. Someone make friends with me.
I could tweet all day and no teachers would care.
Who is your favorite #charity in your community?
Pet lovers Pls RT! Saturday's big SNAP Rummage Sale in Encinitas on the beach is POSTPONED because of likely rain. New date TBD.
last night was great.
Don't get me wrong , I love hugs , but there's something I love beyond that... I AM ADDICTED to CUDDLING <3 ;-*
What '90s band would you like see come back in 2010?
I'm not sure who had the idea for tagging this promo CD I was uploading as American Idiot by Green Day, but it surely isn't.
Today is no plastic bag day in #sandiego. Bring in your own bags when you do your shopping today! (via )
btw r u friends with emily still
I Want To Tweet But I Don't Want 2 Be A. Goofy Ass Or #RegularAssNigga And Flop 2 Her Like Every 1 Else.
Lol. How are you Ksper? Good to hear from you!
wants to have Fergie debarked. I've got a feelin' that she ain't in tune :-)
My score has gone down just as my business earnings have gone up. Post hoc ergo propter hoc.
The best way to predict the future is to create it -- Peter F. Drucker
Anyone in the Portland area played the "choking game"? Looking to talk on camera with you today.
I feel like there's one episode a season where things get REAL. (And bizarre.) It came earlier than usual this year.
Damn long time eh?
All is good. We're making a horse and a buncha roses. Yeah, come on by. I'd love to chat!
Take after their mother, I see.
I somewhat knew you were going to get into this
Corporate Venture Capital: Big Business Can Spur Innovation
You've asked for kids snacks, and we want to deliver! Tell us about your favorite local or organic brands! [info @ baltimorefoodcoop.com]
Always .. let me know how it goes k? (:
See what is now OPEN in Sellwood! Amazing new food cart @ 8064 SE 17th! East coasts finest foods are NOW here!
Thanks so much for the RTs :)
#teamdetermined will be back on deck tomorrow, my break is over after I stopped working out I started having more problems than I did before
Companies like Unilever, P&G, General Mills, Coca-Cola and Walmart have made the Latino market an imperative for growth.
pretty sure you can't tweet f¥%* from press row
Austin is homeschooled! RT if you wanna go to his school (; you'd be his only classmate..
welcome to friday. ah, the work rolls on. heavy, but at least glad to be back into the work.
Life is short and so's my attention span. Let's get it moving here, people.
glad to hear baby V is ok! My 2nd was early and I also pumped every 2-3 hrs while she was in NICU for 2 wks
Thought for the day: "Have the courage to be imperfect. Work for improvement not perfection." Rudolf Dreikurs
I'M NEVER TALKING TO YOU EVER AGAIN cc:
The ANTIX site is still under construction...but a new look and brand spankin' new designs are on their way!
Kendall you are so super sweet! I can wait to meet you In August..Hope I can get a hug (:
"So I gave them over to their stubborn hearts to follow their own devices." Psalm 81:12 (God is doing that today with us)
did you get off of twitter??? Lol *Bretana*
That's awesome! Is he yelling about gold prospectin'?
plz follow bday boy :) bday girl (me) i love you mikey have a wonderful bday Don't let anyone ruin it make it perfect
Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures. – Evan Esar
I've come to accept that I will not accept it.
eye want even be here. Eye fly out Friday night. But GB on sum different rules. Eye lost wit oreg now he play witem!
Love it RT : A1 I'm going to have to say a 6 except on vacation then I'm a 0.
I need graduation and June 9th to get here faster!
Im Alittle Worried That Im Just Too Boring :(
tweet tweet Queer hip hop NOW!! Listen LIVE!!!
i sit on a ball, it didnt shake! i swear :)
"The perfect night, until a killer crashes the party." - movie trailer I just heard on the radio/every scary movie trailer
Too late.
cool I think gonna come by on Monday !
Anyone interested in becoming a Promoter/Host? We'll show you how! GREAT PT/SIDE JOB for quick cash! Shoot us a DM or RT :)
At #sdsu presentation cs department 'serious games: games for learning and changing the world' -Dr. Harz
less love . More sex . No calls . Just texts . New girl . No ex . More sleep no stress .
ranch burgers
RT if you don't have school tomorrow :D
You treat me like crap and your acting like its okay. What am I to you?
grinding my ninja Bday on sat u in town
Thanks Golribell 4 props, love getting on radar of designer folks, makes me feel like I've a voice
lol i freakin hate them sometimes and the clock says 9:48 pm haha the clock so wrong
Hey hey it's such a beautiful day in Tampa whoop whoop!! :)
I did a media specialist search and there you were!
I just want to meet the boys, stress free. Is that really too much to ask?
excuses excuses but its alright ill let it slide this time
Six weeks since we moved to ATL! Having fun but looking like a fool in the pool. Any pointers on figuring out the butterfly stroke?
Wow Grizzlies had an EPIC collapse.
Wut the N.O. Saints gone do this season 2 interim coaches, suspensions, fines, and loss of draft pics, smh
are you in the new commercial?
Happy #Friday! Save the Dates for this year's #DiplomaticBall go out to embassies today & we'll announce the date to students on Monday.
yes, my pandora has been on HOLIDAY since the middle of october. I'm not even sorry :)
woo what did you get?
Cooking up some enchiladas tonight...stay tuned.
If you're reporting their IQ as being between 51 and 70.
I got dreams money cant buy.
Hi,
- where you at?
Sad day for America RT : Absolutely sad day for North Carolina. Mega bummer.
perhaps you could also stop mentioning the victim and the culprits?
Would like one day without a meeting. Just one.
Berns Dessert Room = Heaven. Heaven on earth. M
Got that Same Old Song on repeat.
I'm trying to plan a speed dating event in Pittsburgh. I think that would be dope! I got to start networking & get some things together.
Out here making moves in this heat <U+2600>
RT Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it~ Einstein
Why is LA the worst place to celebrate NYE? Hands down...
should be 7
no fooly dude, that guy on #60minutes just blew my mind all over the place, he's a god among men
if only our parishioners knew how many sermons had been written at The Evergreen
... I don't know what to say man. You and me both. What's happening? It was destiny.
Take a break from your back to school shopping & stop in for 1/2 price bottled wine tonight!
my mom has shushed people when RHofNJ is on
you need one do you can talk to me!! I'm taking you to get n iPhone
According to the grackle, robin, & mockingbird, the green mulberries are ready to eat....
Getting ready for this week's #OAI7 meeting in Geneva.
Best part of summer? Not having to make packed lunches until the end of August.
I hope so....can't believe this is the only move they will make. Not if really all in.
*At night* I don't want to go to bed. *In the morning* I don't want to get out of bed.
Sitting in LaGuardia by the bank of phones nobody uses anymore--quietest place in the whole airport! Wished Gmail was working!
#howepicwoulditbe If your last name was Flynn?
you always hungry
What's up coach. They still letting you in the gym huh? Lol
I shall lol
so a kid died at my neighborhood pool. tht suck
Eric, I love working with you too!! :)
I could run through a fucking wall right now
“: Maybe the best we can do is do what we love as best we can. GALWAY KINNELL"
That Awkward moment when you discover,hmm who is that following me on Posterous and it's yourself~! ROFL,How did I do that~!
Hey Andy, I hope you have a great day, oh and you need to follow me mister :p
And then my computer turned back on. Thank the lord
I'm planning tonights menu for 's Mercy of the Chefs'...Will you be at our mercy?what would you want to eat?
tell me about it!
Really nothing makes me happier than a good new Hubble shot for picture of the day.
how was it!!?
What a boring day.
i followed
O.K. Got it. Thanks.
- seeing the level of hiding in this picture, she knows!
Please email if you are experiencing difficulties with Cloud Browse
Thanks - great film. Loved the McNish practice lap commentary. Beautiful machines.
Thanks for the RTs!
New release coming up! Lead developer called it "the most advanced web app ever created." Schools have definitely not seen #edtech like this
Feel free to give me an unoriginal one.. Or not. Psh. Not like it matters :p lol How are you doing on this beautiful Friday?
Was going to go to yoga, but decided to eat salt water taffy instead.
#HelloNovember Please bring good grades In all my classes and a
I wish would wake up
“: Joel Levi is playing in mochas right now, soo good then Rick Stump is coming up next so get down here now"
Cadillac plans broad dealer, consumer support for infotainment system GM is taking a page from Apple's Genius Bar tech-support program as
I'll be on later<33
Lmao she tell u everything that's Ur wife she won't say nothing to me know more
I need a car name! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
[-] "Meanings, not information, will become the critical factors." - Joseph Campbell, 'Game Theory' Sept '55 in 'Astounding Science Fiction'
Hello to all of our new followers! :) Hope you are all well!
I've come to expect this.
No way?! Ha, tweet me some love!
android huh? I hated my evo...I can't stand android!
The Junior Seau story, as it appears from early reports, is gut-wrenching.
I love ALDI. Bought a couple of impulse items and still got out of there for under $15.
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
BTW had to comment on the burp at 14:00. Nice.. also love Daniel Pierce intro.
When ppl r like "love u mom" all I think of is joakim noah yelling, "I love u mommy....I love you!" hahahahaha
Enough softness
im trying to find the boyfriend vidoe but i cant find it :( where is it??
We just got a like from Aaron Carter. Maybe he'll invite us to his party! :O
's PR guy is so totally cool and cleaver.
Hard to be too excited with the amount of work that remains, but last #lawschool class ever in t-minus 25 minutes.
who's ate turkey in chistmas ? :)
All kids have hopes & dreams for the future, but growing up shouldn't have to be just a dream for some. #StopChildhoodCancer!
it will. good luck!
luckily we don't care if its acceptable!
My Buffalo socialite status is increasing...at the town ballroom
I was scared! I'm not kidding either. but he kept me laughing. lol
thanks for letting me know
All of AJ Jenkins highlights were against Indiana. Of course he would have looked good.
Thx for the follow. And a ARMY HOAH
.'s Hopkins Medicine show is one of the few places to hear the phrase: "we'd had a fairly stagnant supply of organs for some time."
Let's go Sharks!!
#PlansForTheSummer Visit Another State Besides Washington And Cali.
Spotted doppelgänger in DC. Drinking coffee and everything.
due to some technical difficulties... now tune in WEDNESDAY (12/7) to eightWest at 11am to see me model some great holiday outfits!
Mad respect for the Bucs who have signed DT Eric LeGrand, the former Rutgers player who was paralyzed during a 2010 game.
#oncampus looking for top college talent. Stop by our booth for more info!
4:20 FUNNY | Where do cows go on holiday? Moo York.
how does everyone always know!!!!??? Hahaha I'm beginning to believe I'm being followed haha
Relationship ' like there's tho ONEDAY : (
Teacher Tuesday! Teachers past or present get happy hour all night long! Wine tasting all day w/ plenty of great wines by the glass!
Dead mens carnival new years show saturday...getting all sexy for that.
I can't think straight gotta make my chicken wings FOCUS
The Meglio's Triple Baked Specialty Pizzas have been getting great reviews - have you tried one yet? 56% off at www.crowdclick.com
“: Those Toms shoes are kinda fresh, I just might buy a pair”-smh...whitest black friend I ever had
just left!
The Madame Cleo method - "dialing for dollars." ask your friends!
Happy birthday
Follow ASAP
the y is yahoo, and the i e is intel. and i think the a with a black circle might be aol.
aw i really didnt see gino eiher and when i did he yelled at me -_-
Save the Date: AdFed Miami "Lemonade" Documentary Screening with Erik Proulx. Nov 17th 630pm @ Books and Books (Coral Gables)
WE Stopped the MUSIC talking about #STAND4CHANGE on right NOW!
It just became more refined.
it's pretty addicting, in my opinion. You might need to check it out. ;-)
I really enjoyed getting to meet and learn from colleagues in the field.
she is. Isn't she? I never was a cat person either.
It's now "Get the kids out of the house" and into a class. Scripps TH 5:15-6:00 Intense core! $15
omg soo happy
Getting ready to start Father's day weekend soon! Hope all the fathers have a great weekend!
of course :D!!!
Wonderful show as always, Thanks for the luv, let's do it again Saturday shall we? PS.. "IN THE PINES" BEST VERSION EVER LUV
Yes! Xo “: ha i should put that up in my office too. :-) lets get drinks with soon!”
Although the "only we" part is pretty arrogant.
Watching big brother cassey evicted
Ancient Egyptians first began using ceramic tiles as a way to enhance the decorative value of architecture and exterior pathways in 4000BC.
love to dress up to record vocals. maybe i overdid it today
#thatawkwardmomentwhen the teacher announces he is not posting the powerpoints and everyone pulls out their notebooks for the first time
Apparently I text in my sleep.
I didn't send it to Twitter just now... Idk how it got there now
Wat u doin today....call me.
you don't have to worry about burning bridges, if you're building your own
#InstantTurnOn cologne that gets you weak in the knees
Today is #starwarsday. May the fourth be with you! I need to get the game.
Guys will be guys. And even that wouldn't matter if only we could prevent girls from being girls. - Anne Frank
<<<<< there's an E missing in your names guys..lol...just thought I'd say that
Sometimes....a stranger can b your best friend# theladykiller
I've had twitter for two years...
what was your team name?
Mirror mirror on the wall, whose the prettiest of them all? Insert name here_____
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second
Money dont change you... It just changes the people around you... - Lottery Ticket
TRAFFIC ALERT UPDATE: Prior car vs. train accident on US-151 in Beaver Dam has been CLEARED. All NB and SB lanes are now open.
John "O" was great and we had a great ride!
Betwn carrying the boxed wine & martini supplies home from the lqr store & turning the compost, its been an upper-body-workout kinda day :)
hahaa yea i guess you could come over hahaa!
YES!!! That's the one. Course next semester is on personal identity--this episode is perfect. Thanks!
So true... "Flat ironing your hair and praying that you finish the same day. #Latinaproblems"
Hot Chelle Ray followed me! :')
"If there's a worm at the bottom of your tequila bottle, you've purchased gag-inducing hooch aimed at gullible gringos."
nahh why would they, that would be...nice or professional or smart.
The Artist was a very beautiful film. Aesthetically pleasing with a wonderful story. Berenice Bejo's face was outstanding!
Oh my gosh, The Used's new album is awesome! :D
Thank You!
GRANNY GRANNY LOL
you're the best! Thank you
adopting technology
stupid ppl lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Thank you - Looking forward to a great event!
Way to go Caps!! Let's keep this momentum going. =D
.: my wife now loves green smoothies BUT that's after six rounds of T.A.C. and a bi-lateral mastectomy!
nap time <3
We are here to inspire, lead, and create FREEDOM for YOU>>>
": Woahh I Thought It Was A Night Thing , Do You Take Medicine For It ?" Nope I dnt nun really works
"online communities improve user's self-concept" - Lee from Center for Digital Transformation
Pedroia K's for the final out of the 1st inning.
how can u tell?
Thanks so much for following! Have a great day! :)
EP plans still pending- Expect the online release to be in September, and the show in October!
Tonight's episode of Mad Men was darkly awesome. Loving this season so far!
In solidarity with the #DreamAct5 for their courage to be arrested and risk deportation in the name of education. Pass the
Verdict is in for Amy Senser. is on the way. Keep it here on WCCO.
"The first time I've seen love, and the last I'll ever need" I want to sing this song to her one day... :]
Its HOT AF outside.!
Please follow us at !
Change of pace from meats and poultry. Try crab salads or crab cakes for a change!
You know.. Just painting my finger and toe nails for all the teams that are left.
If you have to say you have swag<<<<
10 yr old girl just got ordered a giant coffee in front of me @ Starbucks
Well that's good news. :-)
sounds delicious
Have you tried our burger yet? Ain't nothing like our Maxi-Burger with BBQ Fries on a FRIDAY !
Ain't a woman alive that can take my momma's place
That makes me smile. :)
Doing 3rd mixdown of a demo I made for one of John's songs. This time my lead vocal is on pitch. :)
Sure! And if you mail the tickets to our office, we'll send you a donation acknowledgement. Sorry you can't make it.
Thanks for the RT!
Hurry up and get here , would ya!!
Johnny Cash-Hurt
Why'd you think we were looking for a new place?
Luis Francisco-Revilla (LFR from here on out) is talking about his iSchool research!
Agreed :D | RT : Guy, Interesting take. Thx for sharing. Like a lot better than last prediction we discussed
haha u u cut out the #Milwaukee n the drunker city in the
": Dear Alex, You are my world and I love you more than you could ever imagine." This is true :):)
Thanks : LOVE any and all shoe shopping incentive
Also an Alaska fan. Love all the nonstops they're adding to the East, I hate layovers (especially Houston and O'Hare!).
I’m looking for a legal #Library Manager in #NW! Are you interested?
just being an asshole then huh?
yes cheese-those are ufos
New Condom Slogan: Wrap it in latex or she's going to get your paychecks.
this looks awesome, can you bring it to Baltimore?
shop small saturday support small buz
National center on Universal design for learning ... Check out videos after conf.
for encouraging me to eat better as I'm eating carrots and you sit there shoveling CHOCOLATE PIE in your face. love you (:
haha josh your a coon. Wait what a coon
“: Become a nail artist. #bucketlist” 's future job.
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I'm ditching and chillin with the best people(:
Cowboy Take Me Away <3
Data Domain Software integrates with Oracle RMAN.
thanks for following. Would love social marketing tips!
At State Farm trying to get his discount double check. Lol RT : where is novak?!?!?!? what is he doing?!?!!?
No. I only found out about it after I booked my travel and I couldn't adjust.
gotta love 'em
Wow ! Simple and Power packed demo #NYTM - A gr8 way for photo based apps to add on another #revenue stream and it's
The environment, very simply, encompasses the atmosphere, ecosystems, water, biodiversity, and plant and animal life.
But I made my own decision, I know it might seem weird but to me its the right decision :)
True artists use cardboard.
Lol I KNOW !
Running out of oil for plastics is the more serious question than running out of oil for cars.
LOL the #1 trend is AP English </3 thanks for reminding me twitter :(
You make us happy!! /cc
Duquesne U. students interested in - join me & today @ Entrepreneurs Growth Conference
follow me!/(
I don't even know why I like you this much..
RT - catching up on my miami dolphins news.
Just got out of eye apt something's going on at main and summer road cop cars everywhere
So last night was AWESOME! On to the next project: Dress for a Dream. Then...
Nevins thinks NBC should focus on three unscripted shows for fall.
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz TONIGHT from 8-11pm! Rochester Rock 'n Roll!
.thanx4 s/o
Y am I such a threat?
Darla!!!! hahaha I so love that movie!!!
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make-up on kinda day :)
WE COULDN'T AGREE MORE!!!!
I need some Madona music on my ipod.
.~-+.- HIP HOP...CUMBIA BACHATA...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING...GMIX LADIES SHAKING IT ...SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
hi. i'm having problems scheduling tweets. they seem to just disappear after i hit send.
I hope you're getting that Barefoot Pinot Grigio!
deano just getting the quads massaged. Haha #changingtires or you would spell it
Going to see Cirque du Soleil (Mystere) with a bunch of friends/former co-workers. Going to be a blast! This will be my fifth Cirque!
I'm going through all of the India photos we were talking about, , and there are some priceless ones.
I know a #babymakingsong . It's the song that comes on when you click my profile and find out about websites where you can earn money LOL!
Is it bad luck to work on Friday the 13th? New Mexico Satellite Man is about to find out. :)
Rode cycle past Wendy's, McD's, Taco Bell...couldn't smell anything. Rode past BK....whoa! Smells out 2 blocks. Secret ingredient??
like the new pic!!
hope it is all change for the good and doesn't happen too quickly...now if we could only move 108 out of the school zone :)
HBO's #GameofThrones Preview really pushes the show's gender politics, maybe too obviously ("please, women, watch!").
where are you at?
Magic is right on LSU over BAMA!!!
Please follow me????? <3333
Haha sounds awesome! So typical.
Come to a free concert to benefit Special Olympics, Little Bit Country sponsored by the Herald Bulletin. Thursday Sept 10 at 7 pm
Soft Tissue Sarcomas: New Developments in the Multidisciplinary Approach to Treatment (Cancer Treatment and Research)
I gotta say, I fucking LOVE your bio. (:
how about the captain/partner ?? Another game winner - lead by example
#Boston is preparing for another #storm !
#Clinton - #AlQaeda is causing bloodshed in #SaudiArabia, so when do we (#US) deliver our so-called #HumanitarianAID & #NATO?? #URGENT lulz
Wow this is a shit show already for bryz
Welcome to Twitter!
This westbound traffic better not piss me off tonight......
ya he said it on his REAL account to lol
By the looks of the picture, you might've wanted to turn on the windshield wipers
All you IU fans/UK haters need to do the right thing and cheer on the team that beat you.
Need motivation to get back to the gym or start your company's wellness program? Download and try the free "Fatify" iPhone app!
Bout to head to crossroads for vball any one down
Live on Wild Out Wed. BRYCE HARRIS Behind Scenes Instudio: via
I wish I could be an alphamale. :(
Reading a '54 cookbook-commentary on life could have been written for today. A chaotic life with too much news and too little time.
What's happening? Black sabbath is keeping me alive by vibrating my brain enough to support metabolism.
I'm not sure if this is an insult, a compliment, or a legit question. And I never heard of the Naked Brothers Band.
I wanna go to a concert So Fucking bad! I'd do some dirty dirty things to that kidd. :o
I will if I see you!
Last night won the Audience Choice Award at come see creator here this Thursday
lol if i tell you then id have to kill you , lmao
Come on Tiago...
lol sorry but #forrealtho anthony was jokin around man
i love yur personality bby. *sings* BABEH, I LIKE IT!
Send her our number and we'll laser it off--PERMANENTLY!
we're u an assistant before, or did u have assistance
How do you wear your extensions? Short or long? Straight or wavy?
Did you know Make Way for Ducklings was designated the official children's book of Massachusetts?
you are very welcome :)
Great philanthropy training workshops w the last two days, special thanks to myrna hall!
ATTENTION! "LIKE" us on Facebook fan page and be entered in our drawing for an iPAD2! Drawing will be announced on here tomorrow around 5pm!
Thanking God in Advance for this win!!!
beard is worse! ;)
Insomnia was so much more fun when I was 20 years younger...
Follow Me Please!? 42
My design is simple - a graphic at the top with text below - a word processing program would work as well.
Kudos on your goal to be an authoring conf -- we look forward to resulting action plan.
anybody can go in front of a crowd & do a chant.. what's the point of cheerleading?
And I felt violated RT : JuSt motorboated ...
We love the "Businesses Are Hiring" section in your publication! Whew just look at go.....
When an old man comes into Ben & Jerry's and asks me if we sell hamburgers.. How dumb can you be.
Was going to say something mean about the girl at Best Buy who said, "Oh, The Rocketeer on Blu-Ray!" ... then I bought Enemy of the State.
Soo.....#fuckSOPA......Do you expect me to read a book to find my info for my project? You obviously have not met David Brown
r u school with football team, or football team with school? Look at the revenue. The bigger source of $$ wins.
smh I still haven't seen that movie precious
Thanks for the shout out!
250+ attendees stand to recognize the Sto-Rox Anti-Bullying Association students. Many thanks! #inspiration #takingastand for kids
But not too much. Have you met anyone who works there? #sketchy RT: : Give us a little more credit than that.
It's time to start swimming away from pie...lmbo.
I don't want to go home.
Photo to what now? And yes, I suppose you are somewhat of a translator. e.g. caking
#NotThisTime i will not be late 4 this ball
#sexualcultures I don't think all queer communities were mentioned! But I do agree that context shapes the exploration.
No one ever notices when I drop lyrics
Next up on the "I can't sleep, bad horror movie marathon" is Satan's Little Helper. We may have a winner.
Lots of downloads today! Keep 'em coming. "What I Realized" has gotten a lot of love, being track 1 and all...
save me a seat!! JK!
MB is coming August 4!
#WeWontWork If you're a Cowboys, Redskins or Eagles fan. Sorry, but No Thanks. Your Team SUCKS!
are you talking about me?
we need some gurl time, a bottle or 2 of wine!
Writing and staring at computer screens tire my eyes out. I need to give them a rest.
RIP Kurt Crain...from little league to highschool n college..the memories..my heart is sadden by this loss..you will be missed
Hope this whole band comes through, music is my life
Aww miss you guys too!!!!
finalizing community college shit tomorrow... cant believe im going to school in september. at least my friends are only 3-6yrs ahead of me
I so wanted to retweet that but it won't let me :(
Is this a complex carb?
Pleading the blood of Jesus over all foster care children and children not being protected in sub homes
We've got the ocean, got the babes Got the sun, we've got the waves -- /cc
Thanks for the love! All you girls know how much I love football! Big Ben is hot!
I won't have time for chowder today.... Wish I had more time! I love it here!
I want a boy to come cuddle with me.
u should go to a lake or sea & find some sea turtles to save
#WeWon'tWork ,if you don't wanna give it your all..
and I don't feel like getting my computer out. Soo..yeah :/
Of course! The anti-slave campaign raises my blood pressure. That poster is so awful, for more reasons than I can tweet.
meh. that sounds kind of lame.
<3'ing our alums!
We'll see you at the race ! Weather is looking sunny and high in the 50's for Saturday morning!
Like Twistii on Facebook and we will donate $1 per like to Jubilee Women's Center
Much Congrats goes out to Mr Baseball himself, Derek Jeter! -CS
Old is always fifteen years from now. ~ Bill Cosby
What would a Chicago travel book from the 50s tell you to do?
Done thanks!
What site? That's ridiculous. RT : I've just failed filling CAPTCHA 3 times and got 24h ban for using a service ..
I'm loving the #Dodgers .600 winning percentage. I'm loving the #Lakers 2-1 lead over Boston. It's good to be an LA #sports fan right now.
I knew you would say that lil
Of course you will! Are you looking to work in the social media field? bit.ly/f0XAZv
Newsflash: my parents are cooler than I am. They're pre-gaming here and heading to the neighbors to hang with
Follow me over here instead, buddy, unless you're particularly interested in my boxing musings.
Check out my remix!!.....thanks for all ur suport..Cooler Than Me (IRU Dance Remix) via ....RT!!!...
yeah, every 2 weeks
Billy Currington's song "Like My Dog" might be the worst thing I've ever heard!
happy Easter everyone (: <3
The Women's Final Four is coming to Denver this weekend! Come get your fan gear at TCA today!
#ThatsSexyAsHell when he hit it to the beat lol
#romneyyachtnames Love in Bain, "It's Baining Men." Candy Bain, Bain-O, Bain Curtain, Bain Newton
My tweets were so good today that I got myself one new spam follower.
It's Friday! A little cooler today with a high of 49°F. What are your plans today? Anyone else riding the #Bosque?
you're just jealous you don't have my awesome skills!(:
We highlight some great events and businesses in #Carmel this week including !
Police monitoring social media. RT : you're being followed by the NYPD
watching videos with vanilla scented candles and a gaint cup of delicous coffee while its pouring outside this is the bomb
hey how's it goin?
RT : RT I rather Kobe rest it out for now and be in top top shape for the playoffs Me too
haha, I was awake 2 write a paper #thatscollege but I'm always down 4 a run. Get'n me 2 row is the challenge,
man shit is gravy right now..i just benn doing hella work tho...like hella work!
I will reciprocate once I wrap my mind around klout. It's on the list. Be well.
What a good game! So glad I didn't care about it! Lol Blue on blue it is.
Welcome to Island Divine: Isla Mujeres! Follow the Twitter discussion with the hash tag:
Correcting my typo in tweet for : Dany Adams is Dany Adams, not "Adam". I dropped the "s". Sorry 'bout that.
baby we gonna be aighhht
nuthin much, what up wit u
re: snow/song...what a lovely verbal picture you've painted!
One of the best shows on television is Girls on HBO. Anyone who loves Freaks and Geeks will love it.
what is your favorite candy?
“An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.” – James Whistler
Who wifed these hoes on basketball wives ?
is the most gorgeous guy to ever walk this damn earth. I just adore his smile! <3
pre-sale tickets will be available soon for the New York screenings of at Quad Cinema. Stay tuned for more info!
" : Boozer not rolling with the lucky shoe polish dome?" He does that messg on purpose?! Lol, I though it was an accident.
are you happy w/ the ecommerce systems you use for your clients? we'd love to talk w/ you about Fleapay!
folks in my department seemed shocked when I describe the benefits / utility of twitter.
I was defiantly a momma's boy growing up, I use to tell my mom she was my best friend all the time.
lol that is sad
Great show tonight! Were all sweaty and limber ;)
the lady
TGIF! What are you guys getting into this weekend?
Dis bs jus blew me....an i dnt even smoke.....
did you get a chance to see your skype interview on KSTV yet? If not it will be on in 15 mins on Cn2 or Insight channel 2.
S/o to my Nupe nigga.... It's been a long time coming.
Tom Barrett tells the crowd, "As the governor of this state, I will end Scott Walker's ideological civil war."
Rock & Roll with ArtWalk this wednesday! Check out the events listings on our FB page Grand Haven ArtWalk!
Just followed y'all do tha same
just like a great teacher!
Hopefully it WAS steak :-0
Ash asked to be a endorser for cyctic fibrosis and they would like to use her "angel" song for the cause~ she is touched!
Great works are performed not by strength but perseverance. ~Dr. Samuel Johnson
what'a been going on!?
I hope you feel better! We wouldn't want that golden voice to be damaged now would we? ;)
"Good" is relative. And subjective...
Waco! We are currently expanding our network of sponsors! Be sure to get in contact with us!
u need to show me what to do again...I also need u to give me names of places who give movie codes
true that !:)
the police handled it. Regardless of GZ race it is quite obvious he had a problem with black people and he s/b arrested
Whatever happened to ya man in 112 that looks like ron artest??
Digital information is moving at a rapid rate- due to demand and pressure. "Get online mom!!"
if you need a hand I'd be more than happy to help bro. Just feed me your protein shot!!!
Glad you liked it. It's pretty cool if you can see past the smoke.
O, yay! Shopping! Finally!
it was so amazing wasn't it!!
~.~... VIPS GOING FAST FOR SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...NEED ONE?? THEN TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Ah cool guess a lunch cocktail not too bad lol
Whew. It's only day 1 of #naeamuse and I'm already exhausted! (But also full of amazing ideas from & appreciation for incredible colleagues)
Need more followers.
Dean and Pete meet today with Lauri to work on product development for 2012!
Shopping for VacTion cloths :)
not yet
Great feature!
im forgotten
I had a HUGE waffle for breakfast - no BS, I did!!! LMAO
that wont happen if you dont show em a weak spot where they can shove their desperate ass crowbars into
Looks like a great event at the Block Cinema, but I thought you were tired of talking about criticism? ;)
everything!! Corned beef, cabbage, skraut, BBQ chicken, salsa LOL. It's all here. I'm ready 4 quesadillas.
How can i be featured, im a producer.
Happy Valentines Day, sweet daughter!
At Multiverse -- the Twitter Fountain in Union Square!
what u mean bro? u got pulled over?
do you have a girlfriend? c:
RT : My 'Sleep Number' is Grey Goose.
I had no idea he's Romanian. I learn something from you every day!
Wow it's grand opening week at the museum. It's crazy busy, but reaffirming I'm doing what I'm passionate about.
Do you want to know who goes?! Or keep it a secret until you watch yourself?
What happened last night?
Tonight's Message: The Cross Over
Bad airplane ride... I need to sleep. #omfg <U+E406><U+E04C><U+E01D><U+E13C>
My dad thinks #desperatehousewives is unrealistic because you'd never have a street of women where they were all that attractive..
Today is NOT my day at all... :((
"mrs cherchia can I go change cause I put my pants on backwards"
hahaha I know!
Creating jobs right here in SW Florida America. Any 2012 presidential candidate can come visit me anytime and I will show them how!!!!
bitch u can change in any angle u want ur still pale ad fuck is it raining flour where ur from
Just to let everyone know..El Salvador got a medal out of this Gold Cup!!! (word to the center ref)
CHEATING Doesn't Necessarily Mean Fuckinggg Or Kissing, Once You Find Yourself Deleting Text So They Wont See 'Em... You're There... <U+2665>
make sure to tweet about it after you take your first bite! You will love it!
Wouldn't have it any other way.
thanks. only listing i've been stumped on so far. also if you need the real estate assessments of printers, let me know.
Look, liberals. When MItt Romney cut that boy's hair, he was just testing a product made by the company he invented, Staples.
at least you have there tonight.
Thank you to all who have already given #kiddori such good reviews. I really appreciate it. Any feedback is welcome though.
YES I KNOW I WAS SO EXCITED!!
Apartment hunting.
ITS 253 TRINITY AVE LOFT D, ATLANTA, GA 30303! WE WILL BE EXPECTING YOU LOVELY!!!
Anyone used Prezi? Thinking about giving it a whirl but wondered about others' experiences out there. Gracias.
i'm a shopping pimp
What's good, sir?
I know I'm still young because I still lack the ability to admit when I'm displeased.
RT : There is no god.
it will be good like sunkist RT Mark Wahlberg will have a new sports nutrition line that will debut @ GNC.
Working at would be my DREAM internship!! I wish I lived in LA so I could apply!!
"Libraries are a window and a mirror. They act as a window to the world, and should be a mirror of the community."
deflated.... Lakers almost came back and took it :-/
Need Beastancourt and McBeast to put up some big numbers today!
#2012 Mantra: Give...but don't allow yourself to be used. Listen to others, but don't lose your own voice. Now repeat........ LOL
What should I do this weekend ??? Hmm
Rt if.....you love sushi;) if not tell me why pls thx;)
steps forward, steps back. growing pains for this team... a cagey toad like Colon is kryptonite to this kind of squad.
Hey it's BK, what is the strangest thing you have put on (or seen added to) a Barbacoa taco?
deserves to win the AL MVP today, but we can only wait and see. More impressive than his 43 HR? His .447 OBP.
Last day of #GOA2011 & #FESPAAmericas - so far lots of great feedback from attendees & exhibitors. Were you here? We want to hear from you.
Happy Easter everyone!!
Loving the mix of theory & serious analysis in #whereconf talk by Cool 3D Delaunay viz of locations during NYC marathon.
#nowplaying Closer to the edge by 30 seconds to mars
Good night everyone :)
puff, puff pass bro...
#GuessThatSong 'then he waddled away, waddle waddle'
Heading to the church UCC for another HOLY GHOST meeting. I will see you there. 7pm
Maybe it's just my lack of patience. No, that's it.
Sitting on a cornflake, waiting for the van to come.
CHECK OUT TONITE SEE MY VIDEO POP IT ON WMAR TV 1:35
RT : wow really you have never had papas? On 434 in the plaza across from advance auto, close to 1792
I do!
i'm sorry, but I hope you realize harry styles' cats twitter has more followers than you do.
steel drums.
MONISH!! Be there or be a lame-o.
haha yaa thatz what i thought cause itz been along time since i heard someone talking about it lolz
Praying now too bro.
what's wrong
": Levon Helm -- you will be missed. RIP" listened to their first on my drive in today
Slowly dying asleep..
Continuing the absolutely insane hours at the law school so I can enjoy the next 2 weeks of MLB festivities
great win!
the offial video to ratchet girl anthem is so funny
:o you're eating ice cream with out me?!?! How could you! Haha
i cant be alone with you!
Not sure about that. But it's irrelevant. Any legitimate Court would say "this is not proper to put to a vote."
hate them bitches who run their mouths when they should be running their legs instead
Often difficult, but important to attempt!!
i feel the only appropriate thing to say is 'dude' because that's the only part of a conversation we reach! Haha!
Ha...I'm not saying the Pens are going to win but I am going to say a series is 7 games...
Fred "Fudge" Dumplin
Just left LOVED Jersey Boys. The new venue is wonderful!
Life is a fast lane.
Omg mrs right on radio!!!! Fhhjdjkiweorurh
If Nebrasketball wants to get back to relevance I don't think #Altman will get them there. Interested to see who they end up with
or a crazy one ;) you never know where someone's toes have been you know
what was your motivation for being vegan?
Relish's first accident. When returning to Renaissance Catering yesterday our driver ran into our dumpster in the parking lot.
You love us!!!!
I am going to throw a "ringer". Skip Holtz!
it be funny if you did color it pink, I would roll up with laughter.
awesome, thanks! :)
can i get a discount since i bought the Yes! Yes! Yes! last week? I'd rather have this one
Hahaha tru that's wassup.(: I'm on the school bus rite now about to make it to school in a few. Pce take it eazz.
Yes but don't allow them for a # of reasons.
stay conifident. Don't "psych" yourself out. Hahaha puns
did hit the door chain while he was in the room alone or was it a ghost?
Win $200 - Predict the Rockies Season correctly Email answer to . The winner must live in Colorado. Tiebraker question!
Females only. 1 person short. Against all odds. Lives on the line. All to raise awarness about #trafficking -
Break a leg, or would that be a vocal cord? Anyway, just think good luck without us actually saying it!
well done Kevin
#thankfulfor a beautiful day, early morning, free breakfast, food in the fridge, festivities tonight!
frankly I thought he seemed a little slow on the fast break right there
oh and another one is when you were hatting, LOL, im going to send you a picture of me hatting <3 follow me please <3 :)
In Greed I Trust.
Thank you for speaking today! We love MOCs who put the needs of hard working Americans ahead of politics!
I'm doing well!! Sorry I never saw your tweet! Jen Jen is her same rotten self. ;)
save me some next time. Better yet bake me 1 when I lose about 25 lbs. Giving myself til June. Trying to do 10 lbs a month
Boy, it's nice to watch a different basketball team make total fools of themselves this year.
what up bro? I'm coming back to the "A" soon. Let's link up
Winterer lied to me
First trailer for Aaron Sorkin's HBO drama The Newsroom: HBO has released the first trailer for The Newsroom, th..
Any recommendations of neat places to eat and shop in Austin?
A legacy-defining budget will have to pass this test - Ottawa Citizen
We had a great time today @ the Albie Puttin pubcrawl! Great cause! Thanks: !
Two lines need to be created at Starbucks, one for people who know what they want, the other for amateurs.
Still using cartomizers? Refill your own and save tons of money. Check out our videos and see how easy it is. $3 per day vs $0.30.
"Can't no one in Milwaukee be trusted." Oh. The whole city? Really? I think you mean the lames you run with.
I just read the news, congrats! Well deserved, I'm sure.
Wow its cold here 66 degrees , LOL hope my Boston Friends n Fam get power bk soon
I do my share of going out and showing face, but twitter is way too powerful a tool to refuse taking advantage of "on principal"
If you can make a girl laugh, you can make her do anything.
Tell him step up and quit the bs! Step up or Step OUT!!! GOD GIVES TALENT! But hes not gonna beg for ya! To Step up!
Reunited in six days. Don't make it weird when I am mistaken for a member of your family.
haha I know right
go away.
Season 3 of Pretty Little Liars premieres the same night as Graduation.
Tonia! Did this one with a headache...wonder why??? #ideachats :)
NOT IN A SMALL GROUP YET??? Try one out in your area this week!!!
On that note, great win by #Caps over #Rangers tonight. Huge goal by #Ovi !!
Getting motivated to start the day..it's "LA" chilly, telling myself that the cold morning air will invigorate !
he's had a few nice stakes horses here in Lady Joanne, Intangaroo and Great Hot
Students at HBCU are rarely crowned for individual achievements in categories that the #HBCUAwards will display, & its important we support
you are a true arianator
that should not be happening lol
hahahahaha. how have i not seen that before? thank you ;)
I have a tooth ache... BOO
why me
BRUCE is preaching
When you've been forced to grow up fast at a young age. All that small shit seems worthless....
Just coolin mane
Do I want to go camping this weekend? Sure, my life's not crappy enough. Lets take away my TV and AC and eat and sleep with bugs and snakes.
Please send thanks to for creating a spectacle, now seeing more traffic on #OccupyNashville than ever before.
But he is MVP so...
Thanks for the RT in the super-fine Retirement Media Daily!!
YES!! I can't hear when I call people
I'm already following you. Not sure why you can't DM
Not a fan of the last song... typical story line.. and damn she's annoying lol
I can't wait for summer nights!
Live the dream tonight!
Check out our personal twitters :D
celebrated cinco de mayo with a spinach quesadilla, rice, beans, and a deelicious piña colada
Great stuff in this new report, especially for this dad of a 5 yr old
RT if you start jammin out when Kahli's music plays. The beat gets me all the time. :-)
Smart man RT : I'm not going to ignore stupid shit said by big named media guys just because they are big named media guys
love ya 2
First time riding - I can't tell if their boarding process is genius or needlessly different. Seats are comfortable though.
Western #Loudoun invades the eastern part of the county!! Sort of. Photos of western Loudoun landscapes are being shown at Cascades Library.
Remember folks... friends don't let friends use Godaddy.
NYC fans got nothin' else to talk about.
Member Friday Night Man We Had Some Fun Conversations!
a man as pretty as you doesn't have to make sense ;)
Dear #Packers fans, I want to see Eli covering his ears. I want false starts, wasted timeouts. Be Loud. Be Proud.
I bet my mom is gonna use Obama's announcement as another one of her little "hints," like when she sees a gay couple who adopted kids on TV.
lol that's like me with scribblenauts remix
and strep! It is hard out here!
Cocktails by candle light to celebrate earth day at Jazz at Andys, swing in by for some great jazz & ambiance! 7-11pm
goodnight justin, have a great day babe!! xx <3
OMG! 3amaty 3ambara n Lazmeya r already there! They stupid as fuck! They ain't even close family losers let them sleep lol
Thanks for the warm welcome. Can't wait to see you at #SDMBUZZ RT : Just saying hi. You new around here ;-)
Like the Oscars - clapping, cheering and audience shouting - I'm feeling a little giddy. Congrats to the honored authors!
It was so nice to chat with you Marisa. Definitely have a bright future! :)
National Bieber Day!
SOX: #Royals already leading 3-0 in T1. Johnny Giavotella reached on error to drive home a run...Brayan Pena doubled two in.
Have you guys had a chance to see Red Abbey yet?
I don't understand cookie dough dip. Why not just make cookies? Why make dough then dip packaged cookies in it? Is if for people w/o ovens?
I have often wondered what it is that makes so many people flock to these relationship books that have ZERO credibility
hard work pays man hard time doesn't
girl watchin green lantern wit Mike but he fell asleep kids in there beds sleep...
ima get the bulls logo tatted on my arm wen im 18
t-minus 1.5 days until I go back to only being enrolled in one grad program!
"A house without books is like a room without windows." Horace Mann, born on this day in 1796.
is the meet up april 21?
Yesterday was absolutely priceless(: I wouldn't trade it for the world! (:
I love how all my girls and me are freaking out about what to wear tomorrow :D love you fuckers.!<3
Can't believe from bsb is following me....my 7 yr old dreams have come true!!
yea that seems bored lol
Guess what?
Apologies, the update isn't available for customers with T-Mobile units.
I must be too old. Never paid any attention to the BB's.
awake for this funeral.
Gonna be on Black Cab Sessions tonight people!! Please watch!
I am! “: Learning from . Be jealous!”
"Until you're back here baby. yeah...." RT : Maybe....or BB Mac
2 music videos are on the way l may have a sample clip out soon need the crew to "work it Out" ! lol - sounds like a new song! lol <3 Kellie
that's not an answer.
Hey guys, guess what today is? It's my one year twitter anniversary! Love you guys<3
Having drinks and appetizers at bardenays in eagle! Great friends and good company!
Yeah! Can we all hang soon? I'm so bored
Thanks Anita :)
Morning Chef.
#clus state of the art influencer campaigns includes this type of Involve & reward activities with #kred data
theres not that many kpop fans here..so pretty much im the only hardcore one ^-^
Everytime you lie
#NowReading: A Monument to Good Intentions: The Story of the MD Penitentiary, 1804-1995 by Wallace Shugg. #MdHSPress!
wrap this one up sir.
can you make me a lanyard?
1980's drug dealers only cruised around in limos.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism...
"There r 2 primary choices in life: 2 accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility 4changing them." DWaitley (via: )
New third playoff hole at #Masters played on clubhouse Wii.
Al Pastor links...hell yes We also have al pastor links, fresh Polish links, brats and...goat!
Bulbstorm just got selected to present at the Silicon Valley Bank Showcase in Menlo Park. Kind of excited.
I love when that happens:)
Ladies in Charge! RT Can't wait to see my fav LA girls tonight!!
Thanks Sis!!--->RT : S/o to for making a major success once again!
Its official..GMB shirts will be here by the end of the week!
bye bitch.you suck.
I'd honestly love it, if today just thunderstormed all day
will do. Should be interesting!
damn, missed opportunity for a great #humblebrag there!, lol
:(..... I love you, man!!! You are the sweetest thing on two feet & I'm the one who's blessed by you! Xoxo
Congrats on your pregnancy!
why didnt you sell it when it hit my short term target? it went way beyond it to 3.90 = huge gain, u didnt sell?
"How'd you get like that? A donkey kick you in the head?"
no dude I took all the strings off of it
Thanks for the kind words and RT. Looking forward to getting to Florida.
Do you think one day, people will look at cell phones like people look at cigarettes today?
Congrats on an excellent premiere! Loved the show! Looking forward to what the rest of the season has to offer.
Wow, Durkheim actually put me to sleep and I woke up an hour later.
LoL Trade everyone. Whoever stays, do better next year. Refs, WHAT ARE YOU DOING!
Anyones pool open yet!?!?
We are so proud of the vision of a GCM in GSO, dedication & hard work of our Foundor, Cynthia Doyle!
A Retweet party? #Shawing! I'm in!
It been hectic, glad it Friday :) and yours?
what are you talking about lol
Study: Antibiotic Reduces Human Fertility - Fars News Agency
We just launched a new event at www.selfwealthlive.com check it out.
I like how doesn't follow me bak. Coolio
FYI I'm getting back into things and should start blogging again soon. What a strange, strange year it's been! :-)
was hoping 2 hear ya'll perform last night...smh
Great, instead of just being frustrated, now I have to try really hard not to say something really shitty to this asshole. Happy Wednesday!
pretty girls w. ugly toes oh no !
goodnight im out
First she was having dreams....now she's talking about "friends"...i need Alicia to calm down lol
loan mods, credit repair, debt settlement, and investing, investing!!!
lol I was just looking at how many gougeons there are and they're all punk I mean where's the red necks??!!!!
yeah draft deadline is March 15th
Tonight WITZEND and Jeff Eamer present: 7.5 MINUTES OF FAME - featuring songs, spoken word and comedy from 12 of LA's finest! Come on out!
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Installed high security locks, bump proof, pick proof door locks, Kwikset Smart Key deadbolt was forced over...www.alcatrazlock.com
cedar chest
Oh Ted, I love you so <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Across the Hall is a contemporary romance. Thanks for asking.
In just 15 minutes Game of Thrones is back! Brace yourselves because winter and war are coming. No one is safe.
S/o to for the follow
Texting my O.E I love him lmfaoooo Merry Christmas babe <3
What kind of salad have the "Wiggles" made famous? At least to kids anyways...
Had 24hrs off from "Mission: Get In Shape". It involved ice cream, a BLT, Mexican food, beer and no exercise. And I feel amazing.
Who's left on the Indians to trade? Jack Parkman?
i need to stop procrastinating so bad!
your should be "you're"
I think its time for my own cookin show. Like Paula Dean, but funny and maybe 5 less "yall"s per show.
hey wanna chillin again? lmbo.. Get well soon brah!
Just In A RT Mood!!
So... what happened to Tagliani before the two biggest idiots wrecked?
I wonder if Angelina Jolie will have her leg sticking out of the gown during the wedding ceremony.
Dinner at Luke last night: cold burgers and fries, forgot my girlfriend's order. Gave us free desserts we didn't want.
I thought this was a picture of kitty cat! Imagine my surprise when I saw an actually cat. :P
When painter tells us about his dream About Lolling ..
shows are so good, aren't they?
Well Atleast How High Is On, So I'm Kinda Happy :)
Thank you. We are all pretty excited.
Well, yeah. Of course not. LOL
Started a pot roast this AM. Working from home. Never thought how hard this would be. 5 hours to go...
? What about a little THANK YOU to your #BELIEBERS :(
Pos get to work! RT : #latinos wearing #sxsw badges being "mistaken" for the help at #sxswi >>
Where is Conrad ???
Only two teams beat Kentucky so far this year, Indiana and Vanderbilt, the alma mater of IU slays UK again next week!
what an awesome, fun, and terrible way to end sxsw. ugh fucking love cory branan and lydia loveless
Supporters of the library aren't always in the library
There are different kinds of aggressiveness, and your kind isn't troublesome at all, IMHO. You see grey areas, which is a big help!
please don't take my sunshine away.
I think I would be scared to sleep if I was having dreams about Gerald Ford.=)
Chris Rock I think or same build as him(routine-w/ lots of %#@*%- is on Com Ch these days).
love you too.
Haha sure : cause im smart and I pay attention in class :p
#Kronum. A game if balance and adaptation. It's damp today. Go amphibian.
what u need son
State tournaments
Getting my high light in a few can't wait there blonde I'm so happy! yah huh
i realize that i have been off twitter for a long time
Amber Rose is his wife hahaha
Maybe she just likes Mike Smith because he rode Zenyatta
terrific! I'm looking forward to it. Keep up the good work.
here's who YOU should follow today: <3
Someone texted me last night who I haven't talked to in a long long time. But I was asleep. I feel bad when that happens.
I'm so tired of being notified by Facebook every time that uploads a new picture or status. Feelin like a
Thanks for the #NF!!
I teared up at the moment where she volunteered. Probably because she's showing much more emotion than described in the book.
can't wait I love everything scorsese
I get sick of girls fast
The snow is snowin the wind is blowin and I can't weather the storm oh what do I care how much it may storm? I've got my love 2 keep me warm
Hello tweeters :) I had a lovely birthday here in MI... Just Fabulous!!!!!!!
Don't mess with someone else's relationship just because you can't get one.
oh ok I'm srry a-
Happy new year everyone! :)
Nadaaaaaal ROCKS!!!!!! Let's see now Djokovic vs. Federer :))))
Omer never brought the ball above his shoulders, thats my biggest criticism of him
RT - is currently watching the Jacksonville Jaguars Season of 2010... they are so whack!
playing in first softball double header tonight
Orlando calling tickets coming up shortly, be sure to tune in! - The Valet
#rochmn the chorale just rehearsed Precious Lord for A Song for Sendai concert on June 15...100 people singing acapella...POWERFUL!
some crazy Sherlock fan went a bit too far trying to prove a Reichenbach Fall theory ...
just get your as up by 12 :) and I'll be there by 2 maybe.
Well...i seem to have lost my voice, but the good news is I sounded like prince in our demo session today. Not gonna complain about that.
cant wait to get another tat.! && readyy to get my dermals <3333333
I hardly ever use this anymore--mostly only when I'm replying to RAS! :D
#NowPlaying Eminem The Way I Am
Our 4th and 5th grade class made Root Beer today! Science can be refreshing and taste great!!
If Weeden was anything short of fantastic in practice today, the throng of #Browns media present would've been all over it.
The #NationlessWorld short film has been selected for chance to air on #PBS in NY. Public voting starts Sat at midnight. Need your support.
Good Morning Kings & Queens!
Maurice Sendak: Thank you for making bedtime magical.
We will not hit out Renewable Portfolio Standard w/o offshore wind according the Gov. O'Malley.
thanks for the retweet!
I certainly will :)
When everyone and everything is figuratively screaming gloom and doom, don’t buy into the hype. Walk the other way.via
Coldstone was a bad idea haha
I don't get why they don't sell jars of just the oreo creme filling. They'd make a killing.
Need to cool down? Madison's Cypress Spray Park will open at 2 p.m. today. The park at 902 Magnolia Lane features wet and a dry play areas.
oh stop you're gonna make my cheeks turn red!
Good mornin yall ... Remember than u can make anything right if u keep faith in whoever and wat ever ur dealing with
Today is the first day of the rest of my life, and because I am taking a break from work, it got a whole new meaning!
I am thinking that after seeing Oscar De La Hoya today at LA Live...it's probably a good thing that he retired because I could take him. ;)
#AtlanticWoW interviewed women leaders and found that all had a great failure story
New joints tonight!!!
Yes there is an online application. You can email if you have any questions @
NOBODY cares! Unless you're getting married and know you're going to spend the rest of your life with this girl, you can't talk about it
Never follows through... EVER
Romance novels? Danielle Steele? Harry Potter?
if only time travel existed and I could really deal with my past selves' awful romantic decision making!!
haha right. Dude are you going too UABB?
Looking for a list of upcoming #blogathons - any links?
lol i neevr talk to you!
The pollen is vicious today... Tearing up my allergies! Ugh
We're ready! See you there! “: Ok Twitter world, who is ready for NY Tech Day tomorrow?”
Chicago PMI Hits Lowest Level Since November 2009 - CNBC Business activity in the U.S. Midwest slowed more than expected in April, fallin
I am loving this cold weather! It's beginning to feel a lot like #Christmas!!
just found out I have a differential equations test tomorrow morning
Guys follow if you're from indonesia and if you will support Austin no matter what he do(;
Upper St Clair (my home) just named 1 of 10 best places to live by US News and World Report - Schools described as "superb" - rockin!
Can't sleep!
All alone at the top!
& it is difficult not to wonder if the rejections do not stem from a fundamental difference between me and this rising band of clerks.
Pops trippin, he want me to ask for my bike back, you know I wouldn't trip..
All nighter #2. Someone please save me from pulling my hairs out
A-Mazing. I can't wait to discuss with Kahlil!
Sometimes its easier to pretend your happy rather than explain why your not.
Thank you for the follow. I like your work!
Either Veteran's Park has weird play-friendly mud weeds or I'm gonna have rashes all over my body by sundown.
The next meeting will be Monday, July 12, 2010, 7p-8:30p at Lextant. We will be reading "Building Web Reputation Systems" Get your book now.
you unfollowed me
got a site to your animations?
They are so poor but so happy
Yes, in that Coke commercial. RT : Remember how Tyrese started off signing on that bus?
did you read that email too?
Banks going of
All these juniors taking the front parking spots.
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 15
Looking for
oh man, i already know YOU do...you're one of the most interesting men on the planet, more people should know who you are
that's awesome!! Have fun with it!
Our list of College/Pro players is growing...this is going to be a great summer of training. A lot of big names and big time prospects..
Showtime for tonights show has been moved to 8:30pm, Horizon Books!
Love it!
Mobiles as sensors for #opendata with at
Man im hella mad. I need to do something with my life. Lol jk
not as tense as watching the Raiders with a 14 point lead in the 4th quarter, though
Dude just told his dad he's having a sexual relationship with his car....really dude?
Free protein with our custom stacks going all week
Tomorow Pool Party ! What else ! 32 degrees on Paris !!
heading out to cameo with my girl kim kim..... lil brianna is goin to be doing her song marilyn monroe .....
criss cross will make ya wanna jump jump!!!
Reading the text and translations to Mahler's music makes for even better listening. Plus, learning German is fun!
Who wants to be my cuddle buddy!!!!;)
Heh. I thought that too. If it were my headline, I think I might have made it "Shorter U."
Go Big Mike..Im rooting for you:)
ordered wedding rings today. shit's getting real real.
im already being recruited to come out for UKs team
I walked out of my house, got in my car, started to drive and realized I forgot shoes.
Just followed to get SCOOP2012 information
Come to surrender tonight any ?s let me know lil Jon is spinning! Only
Edge Shave Gel, I like your crappy Old Spice knock-off meme commercial.
Check out The Ruby Room 2nite. Hip Hop, Adult beverages and beautiful women. Nuff said
Empathy is the antidote to shame.
Idk , what if weirdos see it and like save it lol. D;
RT Reusable content vision is sometimes blocked by not having an idea on possible reuses
Omg just had the hottest thai fried rice in the world!
Choosing a chicken Mini Soft Taco over the beef saves you 3 grams of fat and 24 calories.
If Nene mentions Glee one more time...
thanks for sharing your pictures - it means I can see the blossums even though I'm not there with you. :)
-drops F bomb- SJ IS HERE -dies-
+1 RT If I were to suggest one excel function you should know, it's vlookup. Helped me as product manager of 1000's of products
thank you for following us! please follow our sister twitter Chicago's event planner resource directory
finally biting the bullet and getting instagram. you had NO idea how many chowchow photos i take.
Why thank you, lovely!
You've gotta love yourself if you can ever love me..
Dean Cordell presented the Martin Fellows Smith Award to Emilie Blanchard, most outstanding student as chosen by faculty.
El Paso,Texas!! We are performing tonight at Lips Lounge!510 N. Stanton st. 79910
Politics, like theater, is one of those things where you've got to be wise enough to know when to leave.
Looking across the parking lot, it looks like Yogi's closed! Is this true Cardiff/Encinitas people? Looks very closed.
Yourthe most beautiful women in the world so sexy no matter what your size is
i think i need a trip to ann summers.
drooling over what
Scandal is awesome!!
Your negative attitude lately for starters maybe??? :p RT : I'm going to have to find something to give a fuck about.....
Who wants to kik though ??
You know it was a good weekend when you have Michael McDonald- I Keep Forgetting stuck in your head all day
“This Donut-Scented Car Air Freshener will more than pay for itself next time I get pulled over.”
Do your kids love ’s Buddy movies?! Those puppies are cute! Their back in Treasure Buddies! January 31st
When you tryin to get smashed in golf? Indoor or outdoor...
games in Texas jackass
for booking info email us at
lemme go find something to eat !! im hungry.
Please, train, get me downtown early enough that I can go get a coffee.
Getting jealous when your not even together /:
Forrest and Ellie are attending tonight. Are you? Raven Software is telling their story.
Love your appearance on Daily Show... Great appearance and solid promo for iFart... Congrats
so dope!
my dad says the same
twitter is stressing out right now? UHM... okay.
what up!! :) its been a minute
i do..lol
and I think the hand In question was No one else was dressed like a sorbet flavor. ;)
Thanks to for the follow.
its hot as fuck
I find that Bose headphones make a good muffler.
Nearly two-thirds of internet users – 65% – have paid to download or access some kind of online content from the internet
must be done!
You treat me like a stranger and it feels so rough.
RT : News: Docs warn about Facebook use & teen depression in American Academy of Pediatrics social media guidelines...
#fracking has been done safely in #WV for over 50 years. I didn't start tweeting until misinformation started.
3 hour Marching Band practices are difficult with only two water breaks.
Listening to music
Follow Flight of the Fallen . Do it!
Day of Remembrance. Go America, go Titans, and go to Bring Me The Horizon on the 26th!
Chemistry finals revkew and funsheet<sleep and relaxing:-)
I remember mine; it was 23 seconds ago.
Cant sleep and still havent thought of a research project smh.
Trying to get your attention?
#NSMN panel: consideration of #NFL stoppage puts pressure on planned NFL-themed retail activation RIGHT NOW. Tick tock.
yes sir! Will definitely be in NYC the weekend of Apr 15th ;)
Why can't #Everton get some half decent crosses in near #Liverpool's toss keeper? Or some shots?
My evil plan worked! Muahahaha.
give it your best shot! Eat plenty, we'll make more :)
That feeling you get when you just got your eyebrows waxed >>>>>>>
hope you are enjoying your time in GA and SC. We're praying for your recovery. It was great to see you on the video.
#Chiefs fans Redzone at 6pm on 1310 in HD for TWC customers. Live from the TWC Hall of Honor! Leif and Baldy.
Home > class
Sounds like fun! RT going to see One For The Money tonight with !
"Look what you did you little jerk!"
YOU ROCK ARI!!!
Thanks for the RTs!
lol. Ok mom
Hahahhahahahah thats funny(: but did u see the biebs in concert when he was there
have to say...not many women are as knowledgeable as u are..to feel better, just know Tyson & Barrera are done too...
Tom Bradley is a class act. Good Luck Tom.
Hey Thomas! What is your favorite sport and what team is your favorite?
Sorry guys, I'll be in Raystown PA, and it looks like I'll be flowing the Allegrippis trails all alone. Have fun!
use KeyPass or whatever app you want to create random password on your account, dont install app on phone, disconnect :-)
Spread so thin ... No idea what to nourish and what to let die
Show number three of "Seven Against Thebes" tomorrow. Come on down to Fort Greene Park at 2pm. We're getting great reviews!
The barndance boogie? Yes please.
Excited for partnership!
I say three years. it isas near as I can measure the time
RT if you follow back. :]
Go out there and watch "MONEYBALL"!!!! It's getting our SAG vote!!!!
“: Holy Jesus ! Daniel turned 21 today !” tell him I said Happy Birthday!! :D
fixed it!
Kudos to our friends , Plano Civic Chorus and Richland College Chamber Singers for a transcendent Carmina Burana tonight!
he loves u ? Wow no I'm not single been with my boy almost two years ;)
haha sorry I'll DM you what I need to say
it would mean the world to me if you would come to portland oregon!
You have an awesome program!!! Really enjoyed it tonight
that was on the spot thinking that was!
Knicks got the win
Wishing I could take a jog outside, but my back is suggesting otherwise. Oh well, plenty of work to be done!
FUCK YEA!! GIANTS WON!
like there's no need to talk about him or any one that I like just because you don't like me. He's so sweet and doesn't deserve hate (c)
Yes. Yes it should. RT Just found out it's
Headed to Citizens Bank Park to hit some "Home Runs For Heart"!
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver. - Tom Peters
Hahahaha. Did you make crystal do it?
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Butler GUM Dental Pics and most oral care products.
Could not believe True North was on Colbert Report last night
Get to second base and you win
lol the chills bro...I know who else gets them right? :)
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
is twitter not blocked in taiwan??? sweet. cute kids!
and twitterlessamy dont love me enough to buy me a dilly bar ):
Finished The Rivals by late last night. LOVED IT!
Thanks for the great info yesterday about becoming a Marketing Service Provider. You have to bring value!
terrible experience. Flight attendant offers no help, is completely rude and very nasty. Very upsetting.
Joseph--Nothing ever happned in the past that can prevent you from being present now.
lol yea thank God it was
Thank you for the mention.
Finally broke out the Christmas CDs last night, because of my "No Christmas music until after Thanksgiving" rule. #she&him
Not this time for #alamw12, but you'll have app access to your Connect schedule starting with
and i didnt mean finish it completely in one day just at least shoot it
Not yet exactly. We have to do this science thing. We're making fucking airplanes.
"Life weighs a ton. That's why I love the water. Nothing weighs anything there." --The Taste of Salt
In the mix Tuesday #SteppinOut at Lucky Lounge and #Inspired Thursday at Paradiso. New monthly starts 4/21 at The Rocksteady details coming.
Was there a Groupon available? (It's prob passed.) I'd love to do it up right, but not if it's super 'spensive.
i LOVE that song. the wanted. <3
you thank him?
I love my 3 best friends, but I love love one of them.
I agree with you I think they make a strong run to repeat with Alex Archie cauly and the returning players maybe 2 or 3 others
yeah ik i will slap you at school!!-:) unicorn
Just tapped #Breckenridge Christmas.....so good!
The first 200 slots are taken at - incredible demand! Watch tomorrow - we may release a few additional seats!
Tweeting from my Kindle in the middle of Haiti... awesome.
I'm not like most men my age. I'm so ahead of my time.
Yes I like it!
mt dv 4 is BLAZING fast when auto updating wordpress files compared to 3.5
I will have this stuck in my head all night! MT : Pete the Cat & His Four Groovy Buttons top the best seller list!
Bunnies, #RedMarlin brunch & egg hunts for #Easter celebrations ! Call for more info & reservations: 6192241234
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #AUBREYCROWNE meeting cody, alli and tom was the BEST DAY OF MY LIFE just wannted you to know :) <3
Join us for one of the best happy hours in DC in our fabulous louneg! 4-7pm, $5 sushi, apps, drinks; great deals on signature cocktails!
Fun to give some love on today. (Giving free publicity counts toward the fund drives, right?)
The white sand surroundin' us,he'd be handcuffin,he should walk 4 them officers!
I can't wait to leave here and never look back...
thanks for the follow! followed ya back :)
Long ass day
In other news, I miss you. What ever happened to your making a Skype???
RT : Lmfao im crying RT : niggas couldn't wait til i dropped my old twitterboo to claim him. i see you.
Wanting to go home v.v
followed me eeeppp im abolut to scream erase that just did OMG :O im so shocked and happy!!!<3
Might be tough to put with a Republican. :P RT get it.
Just joined Twitter help!
The dream of home ownership is available at a price U can afford, once U get educated!
Sounds perfect! Send pictures if you find one!
Marshall-ism of the Day: You simply cannot blame anyone or anything for causing you to be, think or respond in a certain way.
The Most Necessary Piece of Paper in One's Job Search — Varsity ...
crazy rain here in San Diego! I wish it was a thunderstorm... I dig thunder.
See, those are good pranks. I can't remember what ours was.
tweet us the name of your favorite pie variety and we'll sweeten your day with 2 tickets to see Tiger and Woods at this Saturday!
Parenting magazine and the NBA are joining forces to promote family fitness!
can you just come to england or somewhere around here so I can stop being so depressed. Hm.
Contemplating Setting Up an In House Document Scanning Dept? Tweet me for a complimentary report on the Total Cost of Scanning In House
Moss is such an awesome plant
did ya send over the stuff for that new #mixtape ?
Any turkey pizza on the menu today?
thanks for the support Sun! Big ups from the Bay!
Dane County Exec names Capitol Police Chief Charles Tubes new director of DC emergency management. Begins June 4
Come Farragut on these tacos Farragut Square, or be square!
follow me :D
I Wanna Get Lost And Never Be Found!
this is why i fly commando
Diary queen! The perfect day for it!
This is why we love the #Drifter team!! The creator just sang live on the Podcast because of donations!
u guys r the best show I have ever watched plz come to Rochester new York so I can watch your show
Sometimes we are looking for something new, knowing that we can not live without the old
Tip on how to save money: KNOW WHAT YOUR ARE SPENDING! Put a tracking method in place immediatly!
It's time to get naked ... it's hot AF <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AB>
ok, I won't. I'll hit you up when I'm going to head over!
Can we still book your special even if we're not bachelorettes? We love a good #deal especially with food!
omg. Finally. You'll do an ustream when I'm awake. Thankyouuu. it will be my first time to watch you live. <3. #35mins. :D
hell yeah that's when the fonz barfed!
Life is Beautiful!!!!!!
There is no other organization I'd rather work for right now. This is surreal.
.: Many makers see OSHW as an avenue to obtain feedback on their projects.
Cain goes right after Romney in heated campaign
E.M. Forster on Matthew Arnold: "he was consistent, and happy in the way a doctor is happy when he has diagnosed a disease"
"Chewie, I got a bad feeling about this." -- Han, just before administering the Galactic Assessment System (#GAS).
The whiskey sour, classic and otherwise, at the Trestle Inn on Callowhill Notorious is the word most often associated with the old J&J Tr
Couldn't agree more! :D
so dope! Great surprise seeing you at the vma's :] <3
It's not what i feel about him, it's what I don't feel for anyone else.<3
This woman at taco bell makes me never want to yell at a child, ever. Yelling and cursing a storm about child support- take that outside...
Bill Katz on Lowry gang: "There is a long tradition of lacks and Indians fighting together and fighting for freedom."
LMAO! Need you to shoot a viral in the studio on Tuesday brodie
btw instead of picking up the suit I spent 300 bucks on a head to toe captain America outfit.
they all moved here from Wisconsin
DiCaprio's new cause-centric website launching in the next several weeks
ur not following me anymore !!? xD
Denton says Thanks for Poised Creation!
and I miss you... Solution: set up a tour. :)
#Autism advocates
I often wonder what it would be like to run outside in the morning pant-less and scream at the top of my lungs, "WHAT'S GOING ON?!!"
This is perfect weather for watermelon - yum
I've been waiting to go grub all day, all I've eaten today is a cookie ha.
Lol. Tis so true. Play like I'm trying to keep my tour card! :) couldn't reply to your MSG for some reason..
hey guys i think im going to make a ICONic Boyz story so i need girlfreinds for these Iconic boyz: Mikey, Jason, Madison, Thomas louis and
First pitch at 1:00 PM, let's pack the Mack #GatorNation. And skies, if you would like to clear up we would greatly appreciate it.
Playing @ Hotel Indigo off West End @ 7:30 with and Eli Rhodes.... Come Hang With Us!!!
Wade is MURDERING Landry Fields.....
wait, my sister's birthday is 2 days after...still gotta finish getting her presents
Goodnight ladies(:
Yeah, I probably should have warned you about that. :)
hola, cafecito w/ ur favorite cubanito... what do u say? get on the next flight to paradise ;-)
Pls RT: #truetwit validation only validates you're not Twiiter savvy. Cut it out.
i would suggest calling them to see what more you can be doing 877-845-6272. That is the recruiting coaches main line
I make it rain on them hoes!
Just looked at a picture I took of my daughter today and it hit me she'll be a high schooler in 6 weeks. Is there some pollen in here?
Would someone please check in with Taylor to verify her vitals? Thanks!
generally cruising in the 70mph range - you have to watch out for turtles.
Congrats Lee! RT : The Legacy of David Foster Wallace edited by Lee Konstantinou F'11 now available from U of Iowa Press
Happy Mothers' Day...: )
The only way I know that cares about me is if he follows me. ;)
I retweet at least 3 times a day.
Drinking pepsi reminds me of the state fair!
I have to say I am a little upset with Mitt Romney for his proposal to sign executive order to block Obamacare as president, week America!!!
is badly in need of sanctuary.
Retweet if you think glorious America has come from the loins of the female Christ and that her umbilical cord was tied to the stars
I am part cat for loving to curl up in the sun. I am reassuringly human and nerdy for making it 2x enjoyable by reading a book
loves dick
New Icon And Back Ground !! :D
How's it all going? I'm guessing you're pretty busy. Nice meeting you at the #broadwaybullet interview.
Freelance Flex Architects / AS2 work with an ongoing project for a Fortune 100 co.
Get It Gone Estate Sales is a pro full-service estate sale company in Denver, CO. Call us and let us handle the details.
sorry I thought you meant at the stadium.
Take 3 deep breaths, too bad that doesn't do anything
Those wheelie things are dangerous? Man, remember when Ryan Mallett used one?
Uuuuuuhhhh MR. MINISTER OF MUSIC! STOP IT! NOOOOOOWWW!!!!!!!!!!
I think it's a real injustice that just because I moved from Austin to the DFW area the coast is now 90 minutes further away!
Anyone in #Milwaukee have a Kombucha SCOBY they would part with? I want to make my own KT.
Physically and mentally drained. I feel as if I haven't slept in a century, yet I probably couldn't sleep to save my life right now...
It's official. I watched all of Star Trek: The Next Generation during my last semester of grad school. *Tear*
happy thanksgiving!!
Hey everyone! A notification system has now been added. You can receive emails when someone likes/comments/follows!
you are so bad
NH Legislator worried what #mpfa legislation would have in states without a sales tax.
Whitney's mom is probably in the utmost and unbelievable state of shock & grief. God bless her.
Damn mosquitos. RT : Mosquitoes have killed more humans than all the wars in history.
Thanks for the follow Tuck! Right back at you :)
With 2015 fast approaching, someone should really launch a chain "Cafe 80's" themed restaurants.
Honored to have been recognized in magazine Top 50 National Event Companies
Thank you all for coming out to the Toast To Newark's Future! thank you for your support!
Half Price Wine, Beer & Sushi from 4-6pm Daily!
I found Helvetica Medium in my coffee this morning.
I can't controll it
cause god it just feels so good
Wow! Look at this!! RT NO PRICE INCREASE, Early Bird 5% Discount, Earn 3% back on your tickets, Free Parking (1/2)
#SAGES2012 Join us for seafood on the Bay! 1360 North Harbor Drive
you're an excellent travel partner. Thanks for putting up w/ me & for the Imodium. :P Knock'em out in Bogotá w/ !
pizza express doesn't deliver? Must be why English people aren't as fat as us, your pizza is healthy (ish) and you have to walk to get it
Here we go! Answer Q and we'll have a voting poll 4 best answer. What is your favorite thing about balloon season in #ABQ?
For this month we are switching it up on our social media! Stay tuned in January for 30 reasons to love the BBA.
journals due tonight!
Had to watch the replay of Gamel running over the catcher a couple times.
Oh the looks I just got...smh
and I are not to be messed with. ;)
It's funny because I don't remember the last time either of those cities ever won anything.
Right outside the door
I believe liking everything on Facebook is necessary.
RT <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>RT : Left Foot!..let me get a RT..im ya biggest fan.. "This that Lincoln Town Car funk" lol
Ok so all of NFL wearing pink this weekend except Patriots, do they always have to be DB's???
Part of my legs are red, some of my face is red, an my shoulders are burnt bad.
Did you know we're collecting lightly used purses 4 #Help4Hygiene? Yes, gather those handbags& donate 2 a woman in need. Ask how!
Had trouble sleeping last night. Then slept through the alarm. Got to work too early. Hopefully this pint of coffee will balance it out.
I'd like to start my day without coming across another expert on the future of higher/online ed. Is that possible?
6 mos. too late RT In a surprising move for a politician, Santorum does what's good for the cause, not what's good for himself.
The #pen is my
Ur happy, I'm happy. Ur sad, I'm sad. Ur mad, I'm mad...
i dont even know, ive never felt this way before, but with someone like you it make sense <3 and i dont wanna go ill stay with you forever
Oops forgot I was flying Southwest and didn't check in, I'm C20 lol
how did u do the cancer symbol by your namee?
Selection Time! GIVE US THE INVITE! GO RAMS!
Did a few weeks ago at a local show but no performance! Are you!?
not watching them.. can't stand the Heat
Q: What's a guitar players idea of honesty in a relationship? A: Telling you his real name. www.Distrophonix.com
popcorn style /cc
This ia slightly unproductive for job hunting.. but alas.. something to do besides continual job hunting.
We will be tweeting live updates for the Butler game tonight.
GOT to hustle hard to day. Shit got to do that everyday.
Ok. The Audi #commercial was disturbing.
why would I want that, I don't have an ipad
Hii Stephanie ! Can I Get A Follow ?
the shoes ? at Bakers
Anthony Davis' unibrow could have sang a better national anthem.
Hahaha, and I love reading your mind! ;)
SexTip: Nothing kills a relationship more than predictability and boredom.
YOU DONT EVEN KNOW! i want to be ginger, argh im jealous
Watching some video in psych with this lady screaming about her father jamming crayons in her sisters vagina hole
What's wrong w/ Kobe?
MG bro it gose so hard!
hey, while you're playing on Friday, will be in the stands (right behind pen. box) cheering on HER !
starting the fire homie
I feel like we've only heard the tip of the iceberg on the info from Braun case. Just hope we get more answers sooner rather than later.
I need that!
And now I might buy 5 pairs of
One small step 4 residents! Palmetto Bay council accepts Councilman Tendrich's request 2 put Palmer Court decision on website thx Howard!
Do woman lie as much as men do??? Lemme kno wht yu think... topic for this song I'm bout to record called "Faithful"... W.O.R.D.
I've hired monkeys to do my tweeting. I expect a marked uptick in the coherence factor.
Too bad we couldn't take advantage of the PP, but we've had good success in the shootout recently. Here's to two points tonight!
ugh some people these days .... gosh just makes me want to hit someone
New website is coming full of rooftop gardens in NYC and NJ. Get ready to see lots of our new work :)
I love her hair!! It very fiery lol! I wanna meet her 2! :)
lolololol I wanna go next time
Yeah, we use AT&T Uverse, which is FTTN. But it is still a good service and plenty fast for us.
Had a great time at #VegasSpringSocial yesterday. Thanks for letting us participate!
just take it off twitter tho bro
Rode hard yesterday --- feeling it today!
What if you set up a live webcam and broadcast yourself self-publishing for the world to see?
#Celtics and #Bulls game....should be a good one, if the Celts don't screw the pooch
Oh, how great Your love is for me.
Morning world alot on my mind is racing like Jeff Gordon
Amazing. Adele doesn't need lasers, firestorms, exploding bustiers or flying monkeys.
Every avenue is so good. Damn
agree. It's a time of re-discovery and innovation. Those scared fail to adapt and ultimately perish.
Kill her RT : Wearing my Blake griffin 'hope' shirt and some girl asks, "is that kris humphries?" I've never been so offended...
haha. It's not the first time I've woken up not knowing where i am.
"I threw a wish in the well, dont ask me i'll never tell.." haha! now its back in your head! you're welcome!
YES!-->RT Before you go to sleep, say thank you. When you awaken, say thank you. ~
I appreciate the new follow..... its an honor....
RT - "The explosive patriots offense will face a great Miami dolphins team".....then the broncos v. Raiders hahahaha.
KMR's twitter name is :) Just thought I would share so everyone can see the results from home. So proud of !
call me!!
manamana :P you're great
I thought it was "Dr. Suess Does a Who?"
I wish i was there man! Ugh!
RT - Mr.Gibson im sorry but the new england patriots are not named after your movie the Patriot
RT : Get your tickets for the Milwaukee Film Festival! The festival runs Thursday, September 22nd through Sunday,......
I'm a juggler today; blog, column, food business, help hubby w/ copy for new website - AND kiddo home sick with cold... energy shot needed!!
That's the truth. They are masters at demanding our attention.
yyyyaaaayaya IZ is coming w/ me
no not yet lol but later on today im going to get my lip pierced :) I'm really excited
#houston 1 in 100 Teens Involved in Sexting Although teen sexting is a subject of controversy, new research suggests concern about
I did enjoy, a lot. Guerilla Marketing is my game.. and any way to expand my knowledge, I'm in. Ill be picking up your book.
Just realized the stress I'm feeling has a name... Dead Week.
awe thank you! Means a lot honestly all you #moms4bieber are truly amazing! Thank you!
"I got you babe" "there ain't no mountain we can't climb."
yayayayayya i think i got some info about them!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We fucking love you guys.
If you say so :) *cough-iwin-cough*
Now let's pick up tomorrow's rubber match with Greinke and win a series for a change.
whats good wit it
comeon it's not that cold... Well at least not compared to phx...
Even the blind can see the truth through my eyes
woo me neither
Wine & cough drops. Current state or a really good name for a band....
The "soft touch" car wash was right quick and actually started before their 8a opening.
how are you enjoying the show?
oh. Gotcha how are finals going?
take ya ass bck to sleep lol
What's up with all my friends in Vegas the past few days lol take me with you dammit
RT : "A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life."
I swear to high I'm not God.
Last Berklee private guitar lesson. This is surreal.
off topic- Glee and Modern Family are the funniest shows on television right now, lol... great for a brain vacation. :)
Happy New Year!!!!!
I'm listening to the new Blink 182 also! Listened to it like 10 times now.
"I feel like we're on Jersey Shore."--James Lloyd, Rice SA President, 2005-2006
“: Add up all of Brandon Inge's check swings and you have a full swing and a miss.”
up all day
In D-town son!!
just finished Nisha's hair wyd????
#disney , if you really want to make a difference that you should make a #princess with no hair symbolizing #cancer. RT 2 help make it happn
Brafton #CEO how's my #LinkedIn Profile look? If I was you I would look at the #SEO staff. Is anyone over 40 years old?
At the time of the Baylor game Texas was a top 5 D in the country. Ended the season at #11 overall, #1 in Big12.
TUNE IN TO MY NEW TRACKS NOW
Can't believe Ellen's left American Idol. She was the main reason I watched again! But I'll probably tune in for Steve Tyler and JLo...
congrats Ellen!
oh well Paris is a pretty city <U+E50D> & everyone met there to be neutral
Gr8 old-school hang tonight at Archeojazz Fest in France!The gig was fun and the partying was too...hard to keep up with Kirk Lightsey,LOL!
So hey guys :) we made this page just for our favorite person <3 shes so amazing! and i hope you help us support her Thanks xo
#DOPE when eryody know your name
yes I am! It was cool.
So wonderful to meet you, thanks for participating. Wish I could've stayed for everything, will be poring over the tweets when home
has never had a twinkie :O
Careful with your gift choice. Our friendship is on the line.
ill go with you!
Happy Birthday! Mas Put!!!
Yes! Great work CrashChord and
This. RT I wish Obama would come out in favor of democratic organizations not emailing me for money 17 fucking times a day.
Turning Technologies Response cards being used in session- 25% not famlr with action learning (150 people in room)
#YouKnowHerCoochieStink if she wears Leggins everyday!
S/O to my boy
word! let us know what you think we have a ton of youtube vids up!
Maybe he had to go to the bathroom, like not sick bathroom. If you no what i mean.
Are you an author or an illustrator? Get listed at: www.illustratorauthor.com -- That's where I get a bunch of speaking gigs from.
Great minds!
I Tried Callin' You On You B-day.
#Makesmelaugh my Cat makes me Laugh :)
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 57
i dont know how to play it!
He was doing great for Egypt earlier in his ruling time but a lot changed after that.I missed till only 3 years ago.
Fat Insecure American Tourist!!
Great effort by asik just superb
Although not a superpower, if I could make my hand glow, that would b cool.
That's cool! Send me a link of your favorite song/performance. I'd love to check it out!
You will have to contact whoever blocked you
At one of several open houses on Mt Helix today.
Who wants to make 500 dollars a week from home without selling anything...hit me up
(That was our 1,000th tweet, by the way. We've come a long way in our social media usage!)
It's really gratifying to hear that we are making our e-books easy to get and use. Thanks so much for saying so!
you're ridiculous. Shut your mouth when you're talking to me.
#TipsForLadies dressing more provacative will get you the wrong attention, if you want his attention go up to him..what do you have to lose
"You are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus."~Galatians 3:26
In contrast, general market prefers police dramas, situation comedies, science fiction and evening animation.
Who else is at the Orioles game?
Interview with Center for Digital Government...the best line, "we aren't a one hit wonder."
After a nap, i'm still so tired from mijas bday. But i'm so happy she had a great time :-)
the Krikoran in Riverside is the theatre the cast and crew of Act Naturally frequented whilst shooting.
im very proud to say my 3yr old can write out the alphabet and numbers up to 22... but damn those tots are stubborn to teach!
That one definitely puts the weird in Weird Wednesday. Pure insanity!
um, AWESOME!
Just beat zelda in under an hour
I won't ever do Zumba again at the #gym. I'm all achey /: but, going back tomorrow ((:
All our pain and sweat was for this moment right now.
haha i know! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you ! we loveU10
The biggest challenge is to be yourself in a world that tries to convert you in someone else.
New music from yeah when it comes out, my mom's gonna wish I didn't have a stereo system in my room #CantWait <3
#liber2011 Lightning presentations (live!) by poster authors. Good idea.
REAL GENIUS and MAJOR LEAGUE are both great movies I loved as a kid. Have fun!
Also the countdown to Ruby Redbird has begun! Anyone seen it yet? It is supposed to be out sometime in April!
Hollins, Diaw and Fesenko, and we are back to contend mode! buy out JO. Wilcox and Dooling.
We're impressed! #litchat RT : Christian Duce; he's at DC and he worked with me on Kade. another incredible talent.
Just got played on The Bay Area's Top Radio Station Live 105's Soundcheck. Cheers Aaron, you the man.
oh that's good :) are you gonna like, go to the beach?
Thanks for the follow! We hope you are as excited as we are about the release of the clothing line!
The quest for love, is a road that the heart travels with bleeding steps. Moken Nunga
I'm disappointed the Beach Boys didn't sing "Moves Like Jagger". That's my jam!
Interesting matchup for #VCU against Wichita St.
I may not be perfect, but I love everything about myself, family and my dearest friends, and I truly appreciate everything I have
can't wait to hear your excuses
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Mon, May 7 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
yeah i did funnyhuh...:-*
I don't have my phone just tell me loll
“ “ Create your own wealth!! Take your passion and go as far as you can with it. The results will surprise you.”
I refuse to believe that school is starting again.
About to watch start my second rotation. :D yay!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>
Nice! You all have had your first basecamp party! Grafik Hosting @ SWSX Love it.
that block was Huge
I said the Lakers were going to win 1 in Denver. That's all they needed and they did it. Great game.
I wonder what is up to...
Yeah it's the student film festival or whatever. Are you coming?
5 Reasons Businesses Should Support Their Employees' Personal Brands
Good News: I love coupons!
Awesome Mike looking forward to it!
IM JUST IN SHOCKED OVER THE SAD NEWS ABOUT WHITNEY HOUSTON. YOU WILL BE MISSED:,o(
Yeah. Like that scene from The Accused. Wasn't rape-y enough for me.
If you're not doing this while you work, you're missing out! The simplest, most important thing I've done for my homebiz:...
RG3 would have started law school in 4th @ Baylor? Draft Day could B very interesting!
Sometimes you gotta get on your knees & <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
"The Brides of Beverly Hills," that Eileen Stars in Episode 11 & I Guest Star in will begin airing on TLC on Oct. 28
so we got put in a list that is titled awesome artist list...dude I am so smiling right now...awesomeness!!
lol a while ago but we were talking about it lol
Gonna' be slutty & give head to my pillow in about 3 seconds.
just bought the domain name scanmanapp.com! COMING SOON :)
Haha I love how you crop out...Her.(:
you were in my dream last night, and you were getting married! Lol
French Quarter Final 4: What's the over/under on drunk fans getting teabagged?
For every smile there is one big fat tear behind closed doors
Looking for resources on official university policies/guidelines regarding the #accessibility of online courses
Writing the most hilarious cover letter I can possibly write for a freelance writing position.
5 Tips to Becoming a Top Blog in Your Industry
I was in Kindergarten when you were born! I officially feel old as hell LOL
What to wear tonight...
complains heavily on #politicsInThePhilippines is almost always falling on deaf ears cc: listen
If you're someone who gets annoyed at Hollywood remakes of foreign films or books, do u also get annoyed when McDonalds releases the McRib?
Just took the routine pre show nervous poo. Ready to rock.
Newborn basics: make sure you have a rectal thermometer available & are comfortable using it if/when your newborn gets a fever.
Treading world wide #club mixx taco Tuesday. Leggo
it is done!! Beer and meat anything better??
Jeffrey Allison from gave an amazing workshop today at ! Thanks to all who attended. We learned a lot & we hope you did too!
Latter day Iphigenia. That's why I love this show.
Say hi to for me.
Wow so is that how the Lakers going to win? Pay off the refs?
": Hello world, welcome to a New Era of Computing #IBMPureSystems">>it's today, it's today!!
Thank u for a great night with some of the best service I've ever had! Portland just keeps getting better & better!!
We're only 8 weeks away from the Heartland Worship Inst. Don't miss out...register now @ www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
Grave Encounters is a freaky movie.
I thought of that this morning as my son's iPad stopped working: Technology as consumable.
happy to be of service. :) And technically, you said "yep". ;)
RT Watching Miss Universe just reminded me why i love 1080HD thanks Directv
Here is your real #GAPeach and following all.
i gave all a chance ...but when i reach out for help they just spit on my hand ....its ok ..trust me its ok
San Diego peeps! I'll be at The Mad House Comedy Club tonight 8pm, come out if you live near by :)
i feel like givin up on life lol
Jay-Z -- I Support Gay Marriage
Enjoying the #womensnetwork event on Personal Branding at featuring
Huge deals on poker products!! Up to 75% off!! www.eproducts4less.biz
You know, it amazes me how badly gays are treated by society as a whole. Yet we treat each other even worse...
are we still on for tomorrow?
The infamous wild Chihuahua packs that rove the streets of Savannah. Watch those ankles.
RT for a shoutout <33 ;*** (must follow me, I'll follow back) :D :]
I was going to wear a normal shirt, but in the spirit of the last day of Winter-een-mas, I decided to wear a Legend of Zelda shirt instead.
smirkenstein "I'm not a modern artist. I mean, my work comes from an older place." David Best on his Burning Man temples:
Someone give Romney and Santorum some boxing gloves!
these next few days are about to be real real real real real
"Not building a wall, but making a brick."
Hulk VS., Marvel finally releases a decent animated DVD. Hulk vs Thor + Hulk vs Wolvie. A 2-fer, not bad 3.5 out of 5
Tickets to the Wisconsin Football Spring Game are $5. Proceeds benefit UW Center for Nonprofits.
Doughnuts. Is there anything they can't do?
what time will that be? Nothing il be sleeping. I still have to come back tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
#FOLLOWMEALEX my follow button is lonely
oh no! Sending hugs, lot's of hugs, and virtual soup. I hope you feel better soon!
Just found fantastic bahn mi shop 1 block from my apartment. How did I not know?!!?
not as good as VEEP doe, VEEP is too fucking funny!!!
So awake! #aprilfools ... I'm always tired!
Agree!": lols it's just a hair style in that case nicki minja stole brandys hair style then"
Delmon Young and Miguel Cabrera are going to get along just fine in Detroit.
Tested positive for performance enhancing drugs. A lot of speculation however. Uh Oh...what did Ryan Braun do?
To be fair, it could be that celebrities rumored to be gay are bisexual and in open relationships.
in the time that the Texans have been in the. NFL the Texans and the hefferboys have won the same amount of playoff games.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. Lol
Taken. Married. or Gay
Is it weird to feel uncomfortable around your Family
we put a lot of work into making it work just like that. You ONLY need a connection to BUILD. Offline sync all else
funk your mother
Just got the best gift in the world <3
sketching concepts for new clients!!!!
Justin Bieber had Vlados on in his music video
Icarnt sleep so I stalk people from , and
Visalus is speeding with no sign of slowing down! Pampered Chef, 31 Gifts, Amway, Shaklee,time to make some REAL money &get healthy...
DONE ILL SEND YOU SOMETHING SOON
Info from HMP Metrics reports is being published in Becker's Hospital Review! Message us for more details.
I heart Warren Buffet.
of his original vampire siblings...
I'm sorry I can't... Somebody stole my effort in wanting to do so..I think it was #laziness lmao
We're in Denver at #astd2012 great show!
R.I.P. to R.E.M. The rock group announced yesterday that they have decided to call it a day.
Somewhere out there, Nicki Minaj is having a bacon sundae.
RT: “: Just got twitter...damn it I missed all the action between y ! LoL *naughty naughty”
now that would be fun. Alas, JFK-LAS isn't quite a trip to the Antarctic.
A rapper coming out in support of gay marriage is almost more shocking than the President doing it.
Oh btw saw your pics you all look AMAZING!!! shall be forwarding to mum, looking forward to round 2!!!
It was our pleasure! Thanks for joining us for dinner at SkyCity!
a good time lol
yes in baltimore, think we'd do well there? how are you?
Do you have photos of scenes, people, places around DC? We are looking for you. Share it on Our City Film Festival's FB page and win!
how did blazers look? I don't have comcast!
and may 5th is also cinco de mayo :3 two holidays on my birthday
so sorry to miss it, as I will be in Phoenix. :(
I think they do.. I want to try the new Confetti cake blizzard..ok how soon can u get here ? :) lol
because women allow it to happen.
": #WeWontWorkOutIf you don't put in effort."
YES. “: A Cino de Mayo reunion with and - Indy you've been warned!”
Drinks. You. Me. Discuss.
#GoTribe Cant wait for Thursday
haha never mind
I wonder if #OliveGarden has any specials for dinner tonight.
. I hope the Judge lets Shannon be Shannon :-)
Love the new brisk commercial
Oh so NOW Haymitch's secret comes out. He's been hiding in that liquor bottle the whole time.
hey girl!
it's all fun and games until you have to go pick them all up
We're on twitter! Check us out !
we need to take an afternoon an play with some of these things-
Sexii can i
Seriously. He's making my week better.
I don't know how its NOT Malkin. But we shall see I guess. And agree on Stamkos thing.
What a good night... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
no freaking way he was my favorite wowowow
Trying with all my heart soul mind & strength not to get on the #Tebow bandwagon. But I hate the Pats and I love some Broncos fans.
Sorry, Tubular Bells beats Power Corruption & Lies any day! :-)
I'd recognize that union attitude anyday -- how are you Robin! which union are you with my friend?
Wtf are we watching though?
Walking faster, dressing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
I do love how big and blue the lake is.
Funny how I RT'd 's cat post and I come home from work to find a kitten in my apt. Honestly! #Truestory!
I promise to pray for you everyday, ask for your forgiveness, & grant you the same, I promise to be your friend.
Wish I was at
We're playing our newest song 'Number in Blood' this Friday. It's kinda White Stripes meets System of a Down with a sprinkle of Kylie.
Just rec'd video of the puppy I had to rehome due to #breastcancer. Miss him so much, but he is happy and doing well. <3 u, Gabriel. Tears.
Buffalo loses!!!! #Panthers are back in the playoffs!!! May not go that far but I believe!!!
Sitting at a Terminal at JFK, so rainy here too, but headed to sunny LA! Shame you're getting London weather here :-/
Haven't watched the NBA in awhile. But right now The Heat have Lin on the run, they are shaking up their whole squad.
The kids are riding an ice-cream buzz. Not sure the wife and I will survive this one.
I'm assuming you mean that awful security!
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names. -Chinese Proverb
PLEASE ADD MASS! THAT WOULD SATISFY EVERYONE IN THE NORTHEAST!!
ahh gotcha. due to a lot of family stuff going on I haven't been catching the mind aware series live this time around.
Be proud ladies, I wore the grey leopard skinny jeans out to the bar tonight.
Enjoyed hearing and on and John Laurenti on WZLX during my visit to Boston
Stretching your muscles before exercising warms them up and prevents them pulling and tearing.
Bro bought pizza home tonight ' know i went HAM!
a women worth some anger... is certainly worth some effort...
Scored 111pts off the word ”jive”. He can't be happy about that.....hahaha
tomorrows finally friday <3
And if you had a good reason to then go on about your business. I'm guessing ungrateful brat!.
No one cares what you are smoking.
Have to start gettin ready for work :)
Just casually re-stacking the shelves in hmv everywhere <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> just spreading the love <U+2764>
I was very polite after I got my frustration out in my "loud voice." Another appt for the 24th. Yep, another week of bad cable.
Ayyyyy, UK+Spain this summer!!!!!
probably not. im trying to save my money for the crazy week me and jade do in july lol you should come to the ohio shows
You get some new ink???
will do when i can :D
Sure! Thanks for the invite..
chillin baby that's all
Yeah it looks nice. Hopefully we take a series win this weekend
CRIMINAL MINDS IS UNBELIEVABLE RIGHT NOW <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
SKINS FEST FILM Workshop taking place at USC Institute for Media Literacy. LAUSD Accredited and pay. June 22 thru July 3rd
I love the way your pussy tastes baby; damn you're so fucking sweet. I'm about to put a finger in; here taste how sweet you are! ;)
: just be lying!
Isn't it funny how when you stay in or don't go out so you may rest is the one night ur sleepless! This blows! Shoulda gone bowling.
fuck you chicago, take me to new york cityy.
"In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test. In life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson."
hahahha i JUST fucking read that and thought to myself. In real life she would've got beat the fuck up. But this is twitter.
So lucky 2 have a Jane Austen book group. ... lots of copies in stock for our new Jane Austen book group! 10% off!
life is a bitch then u marry one then you have kids then u die
that isn't right either.
P.s. shopping at your mall here in Dallas
maybe i really am the asshole everyone tells me I am
Y'all should trend #FamilyOfTrenchers and #MarianasTrenchMonday :)
Will you add a few more pics. That one is so beautiful. I miss the ocean and the California sky. Please :)
just crushed by the booth at the #flyingpig expo and thought of you!
Thx for the follow, Lorraine. Looking forward to your tweets.
This game went from fun to stressed out in 0 To 2 hrs.
not right now but I will be up there later on this summer like early june
Lesson: don't drink and drive or you will go to jail and then hell--Mr. Toad's Wild Ride
yeah explain :)
If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door. ~ Paul Beatty
How about we make up a fire and cook up ourselves a big pot of friendship! xD
Pizza Hut????
Hey it is ok to break out of your shell sometimes...... and your clothes (in public) occassionally! Geeze! Just do it!
Love is unconditional.
why weren't we invited :(
EYE TUNES
“: She ignores all the guys who want her, because she's too wrapped up in the one who doesn't.<U+2665>”
Come to our fun, funky, cafe today!
That is a fine film!
that's y I didn't put her on fb. Cuz no one here will go to wal mart and tell
yes it was one to remember but it's not done yet I celebrate the entire week lol .... I think my bday a holiday
WOO! : ARE YOU READY TO DANCE? READY TO ROCK #PALOOZA12!
Shakti Gawain~ An affirmation is a strong positive statement that somthing is already so.
Your tweets are priceless mate, fucking brilliant!!
RT : Go to Miami ! This night <--- Tonight is going to be insane! #Miami is ready!
If I had wished for a big red painful zit on the top of my nose I woulda been very happy right about now.
Responded to FIRE @ 2101 Cedar Avenue, Bronx, NY 10468 and helped 8 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
girl you awake!!
Lol! I love her!
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny.
You're a sick man Mr Berdy, but I love it...
Watching Don't tell the Bride !!
Fantabulous! Lol. Talkin to old friends n workin my way to the studio! Today is a great day!
Fairfax Electronics to launch Dealer Program in May. Leads leads leads
My bad. Later, when you get to his studio, tell Dr Oz I said hi. “: shhhh, taping The View right now”
yes I do! :) I love her, she's my queen! Oh and that's cool, you like No doubt?
She's done! NOW ITS JUSTIN'S TURN
So sorry, Mesa is under new mgmt & still learning the ropes! Could u email us at so we can send u a coupon?
Good Morning! TGIF
is psycho omfg
Good morning . Time to start my day.
Loving you like crazy=)
If I have to chase and fight for your attention, eventually I won't want it anymore..
Back to work after a lovely Thanksgiving. Did everyone have a relaxing holiday?
Hold me like your money, tell me that you want me, spend your love on me <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
keep #dancing weekend
Moving Day, Secret of NIMH, lee of the stone, etc. cc:
We've announced a new critiquing and networking group for nonfiction writers. 2nd Sunday and 4th Thursday of the month.
Showing love for relaxed and natural healthy hair maintenance, and growth. #embraceit!
I think my body is 82% made of buffets. Not mad about it.
We love you all. You're amazing and we could not be any more grateful of each and every one of you :)
I just came up with the excuse to keep you out of jail lol
Amen, never heard douche canoe before, but it is going into my arsenal of insults
link not working
“: love and miss you! Just downloaded your album !” you've gotta stop this whole growing up thing.. Miss you too!
When the only thing stopping you from hitting the spot is not knowing who's on the door and at the bar anymore.
RIP #stevejobs ... #ihatecancer ... Miss you dad, grandma and kells
I am so smart #SMRT?
lololol love you too !!!! :)
im tired. really, really tired. forget the phd do I really want a masters?
I can be reached at 619.243.3729. Thanks!
Sad to learn from of Eddie Epstein's death. A real loss to the Joyce community An obit will appear soon on JJQ's blog.
HEY CHRISTINA! So glad to be following you on Twitter. You're awesome! :)
The magic man from the wiz cracks me up.
Still trying to figure out why the U.S. suddenly cares about soccer, best guess we don't suck ass anymore
Remember we talked about that announcer I need him for the 19th would you ck and see if he is available
Most people have access to the internet in some way, yet they choose not to research items before they buy them.
It's been forever I had my license. I still don't know what kind of car I want.
my parents have been married for over 60 years. It is possible but you need a lot of compromising.
read my suggestion/comment on your Facebook
Twitter is over capacity.
"Come and put your name on it...." butt tattoos never seem like a good idea.
Sending now...
yes we care. #bitter #habssuck so..
A lesbian that doesn't like eating pussy <<<< TF? Pure grade A fxckery! -__-
Watching a movie on and it stops 3/4 of the way through and says sorry, try again another time. That sucks!
Our house is so clean!! Gimme some Grown-Up Merit Badges please :D
Tip of the day...never put velcro face-down on carpeting!
Ehh...arguably RT Lebron James is still the greatest Kentucky Wildcat ever. Even though he didn't make it to the Final Four.
Cuffing season ??
sorry I'm just pissed right now , because my brother cant seem to take his shit when he is done with it to his room .
So true, pharmacists incredibly helpful! RT : "I don't just count pills, I am a patient educator."
both of those are my specialty...
“: I was literally composing a complimentary Nick Holt tweet when Ganaway went 89 yards untouched....” Never compliment Holt.
cool naw just commenting caved into the #yolo phrase the whole fad annoys me haha
who gonn check me, boo?
I really need to! It's becoming a problem :/
great. All the best.
1:12:23. At least I'm not dead...yet.
. Combat! I like Vic Morrow. Jennifer won't usually watch military shows, but she'll watch that with me.
Just because you feel like the world owes you something doesn't give you the right to be a douche bag.
Thanks for the like, Adam Randy Ramos!
There are particular times this is so true... RT The twitter trending topics make me lose all hope for humanity.
College Student, Artist, CEO, Trapper, Enterperneur, Father, Damn What More Can I Add Ta Ma Resume???
Sometimes, not all the time, not most of the time, but sometimes, life is real fucking shitty.
The more the spring springs, the more I miss
Goodmorning! i think i'm gonna wear my glasses today :s
No need to slide, he's A-OK
We all need a reason to buy cute new shoes. This is perfect!
Lucas: Who knows where thoughts come from? They just appear.
try getdataback NTFS. Do not recover to the same hard drive! Recover to a new drive ok?! Expect 50 - 75% recovery.
music. music. 5 am; perfect
I'm surprised that you didn't make a '69' joke on your 69th Hanging With Shane.
Bummer about your page.
RT : There are more spas in the U.S. than there are Starbucks in the world.
Who designed the First Lady's dress? What a gorgeous color!
digging into the glories of collection fund allocation.
Aww shucks, thanks GS! RT Happy anniversary Glad to have you on my team!
At ”Jersey Boys”. Outstanding so far.
I'm in the ghetto and wearing pink. Should I be worried?
Hollande's approach: Spend $ we don't have and then blame it on everyone else. At least, that's how it looks.
Hey everyone! Do me a favor and please follow ! She's an ICONiac so i think you'll like her! :)
thank you.
“: I hear you like the NYTimes. You must be some sort of east coast college boy.” lol, since when was college ed bad?
tore the house down! Round one goes to Phillip!!
Ah joe Jonas gets punk'd next week !
thanks.. I love my pussy ;)
What a surprise! A terrible night's sleep before a long day, how perfect.
Many thanks for the mention!
When should a watchdog be replaced with a bloodhound? Hint-Check your fraud and anti-corruption risk assessment!
i don't have a ride there. hopefully if they go to warped tour i'll be going to a couple of those dates and will be able to....
Time to switch from classical to pop...
can't wait to take you on in a 12,800 ISO challenge. It was clear in Boise that 6400 was no match against your D4. :-)
I was just checking in case you were going to be close and had some time. One of these days we'll meet.
We're a happy team at !!!
LSU Tigers fall short in bid for sweep of Georgia Bulldogs
Our new cover watercolor by Kazuya Morimoto - his work is on display at the library right now!
Feeling very happy after eating a bag of all natural #gummybears! Delicious.
haha me too! I'm not that great but I sure do enjoy it!
rad, would luh to ride shotgun!
can't wait to see it
TODAY WAS ALRITE IM COMIN DOWN BUT ITS ALL GRAVY....WUT UP LADY K
LOL depends on whose doing the cooking
slippery when wet
Yes..I'll work on it.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought I wasn't gonna get more than 50 followers...... O.O
So let me get this straight...Bradshaw did NOT want to score on that last one? #NYG 4th & 16 no time outs down by 4...
What's up world how is the world treating you
everyone keeps unfollowing me on tumblr...
Don't you hate when you're hungry but you don't know what you want?!
Getting prepared for my 6 mile run and 15 minute circuit training.
just you wait ;)
nah JKJKJKJKKJKJKJKJKJKJK no but really i do <3
Did my power walk n it felt good now i keep on forgeting that im out of coffe ok ill sit back n drink tea as i look at fox11news ...
"none of my actions...have ever been motored by the search for a husband", your interview was great!
It's been months since I had to block a new Facebook app, since my friends are well-behaved and my block list is hundreds long.
Thought the team passed well last night. I thought a goal was coming in the 1st. I don't really know what the answer is.
Nope, we didn't. The rain/storm line scared me too much, and as cold as it got when I stepped out from dayjob - we cancelled :-(
Back to looking for work (Nonprofit, nursery school, or higher education) If anyone has any leads in the nyc area please lmk!
Cough Megatron Cough
Good morning! It's a beautiful day! We should do a comedy show. Well, I am. I'm at Laugh Lounge 151 Essex St, 9PM
Working on the Hassynyc portfolio challenge. Uploading Monday!
Bout to go to jackson
I just don't trust a presidential candidate - or anyone for that matter - who takes notes with a fat Sharpie.
I'm dying to try some potpockets "pot pizza hot pockets"
yes walking is the best...especially in this weather :) I do it everyday!
Jawaharlal Nehru~Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence,is the key to unlocking your potential
For the record, house buying and selling is DUMB.
u sob why didn't u tell me?!?
tks for the RT + really like your posts on "anti fundraising" + "money will find you" +2!
sure baby
Dell's PH Ferrand will be speaking on how entertainment & mobility are redefining the workplace at 10.45
Yes, sir. Yes it does. I am a member of #LillstreetArtCenter where I create functional pottery.
Happy New Year right back at yuh (:
": Metropolitan Transportation Commission has rescinded a vote to move office to SF to further study issue."
Looking forward to some peace and quiet on Nov 3!
Reminder! We will be at the Syosset Spring Festival all day tomorrow, talking to renters and homeowners about Click and Improve.
4 hour nap later & I still feel like shit.
LOL -- I'm just wondering what's the connection....
My media consumption of the past 2 days has involved multiples narratives set in Greensboro.
Game over, man.
Will, no lie, you're funny.
Have that easter dinner but dont want to cook? Give Smokin Good BBQs Re-Heat and Eat BBQ a shot! You wont be dissapointed. Happy Easter!
Well I *suppose* that's ok then :P
and a lot of electro :-)
"...relentless corporate propaganda" denies global warming. Jeffery Sachs #unausa Members Day
Dinner for Two goes to fan # 900 ! Tell all your friends, 35 more to go!
What do and have in common? BIG FAT FAILURES! Watch them this Sunday, 9pm EST on
Use the Dish Network Tailgater to watch DISH anywhere you've got an electrical outlet. Tool shed, I'm thinking. :) Call 350-6428!
just stay safe the #Brewers don't have a good track record with offseason rec activities.
#NCPH2012 Look for exciting curatescape #Omeka projects from New Orleans and Baltimore in coming weeks ()
wouldnt mind seeing hunger games ;)
Ridiculousness is freaking hilarious!! I love it! :)
shock me like a fucking eel
Or any day RT : No fucks are being given today.
Ooh. Good to know.
awesome! Looking forward to it!
Watching my monkeys tonight while my sis goes out spending the night there along wit my babe :*
We will be running mega satellites for the 2012 WSOP Main Event every Sunday from May 6th thru June 17th. $335 buy-in starting at 9:30am
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I love cats
I cleaned my room! Give me a treat!
and those sunglasses aren't exactly doing him any favors either.
Ive been really hoping you'd rt and follow me.... #NEVERSAYNEVER rite?
1 thing can change a person appearance
I miss my father. I hate not being able to sleep.
wonder if it's anyone o know...;)
Begining Monday & every Monday in May donates 20% of your purchase to MM - just say "Metropolitan Ministries" at purchase!
Yeah. The math is so extraordinary on that one. There was actually a bet on it in Vegas. if you dig that sort of thing. :)
I think I'm going to skip finals and just lay in bed and watch Grey's Anatomy.
THERE ALWAYS REMAINS AN OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE A NEW START. ~NHill
if I remember correctly there is a piece on that in the Vanity Fair on new stands
i jst wanna thank god for all the pretty woman he let in my life <3
An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know
hey it's me, I like your twitcon you look ....
Been there, done that, deleted my account.
got a blister on my pinky feom high 5'n!
um I already DMd u tho
Then there's Us, these other people...
Amazon is shipping The Pale King early; a friend of mine got his copy in the mail today. What gives, Amazon?
Went to bed at 3 am then woke up at 5:45 am to take James to the airport.. And I NEVER went back to sleep..
The moment I panic, you calm me down and tell me everything is going to be okay. Love my wifey!!!!
AS USUAL! I Woke up in the middle of the BEST LIFE EVER! The PROCESS of pursuing my PURPOSE gives me absolute JOY!!!
Resident evil raccoon city. No one bug me...unless ur sending me nudes
You knew me when I was lovely, intelligent and very entertaining. You know, back when I was 50.
So it's time to rise and grind... Good day for the NFBofillinois to visit the Lincoln Park Zoo...
*c walks down tl*
The bands just me mate thanks! I play an Epiphone special model, Fender squier, and an acoustic ovation.
I'm a bit shocked by this. What did they want? What would they have done? I loved the ending. I read there r more.
gulf shores is going to stink if it's sunny tomorrow
I figure we've got just enough time for a 30 hour webathon to raise the funds to produce our 30 hour webathon.
Thank you everyone for helping me make it to my goal..have a good night
you know me. You only live 9 times, am I right??
Just went to take my second ever yoga class, but the place I tried to go to wasn't off the road where it says it is
Hey guys! Vegan ribs are back!!!
Getting that work out in <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Anal bum covers.
What If He Shaves? Lmfao
Your avatar is bloodcurdling. And that looks like one bloodthirsty Hellhound you're holding.
Hey , thanks for following!
young girls love justin b
left 4 work early 2 actually buy her roses bt when she called me and pissed me off burned them & threw them n the garbage gotta love my mom
Home made pizza, champagne, laughter, dancing, record playing... Tonight could not have been better. I love my friends.
Up and getting ready for the first baseball game of the season.
Started off my weekend great. :)
Regret won't waste my life again
haha yeah. So how are you?
Karma's a bitch only if you are ; lesson learned.
.. heat where you are? its warm here. but i want summer.
My friend wanted to travel more with me this summer. But that's not what house arrest is all about.
Played through "Are You Ready to Be Heartbroken?" by Lloyd Cole & the Commotions and realized I spent 18 months in 2004 trying to write it.
Look for our cruise discounts in Google!!
Most importantly, Israel has taught the world how to fight terrorism without denying people civil liberties. #dersh at
SHAKESPEARE WAS A FRAUD!! Just kidding. Come see #Troilus :-]
Donuts are coming a little later today - perfect for an afternoon snack on such a beautiful day!
I'm so sick of all the apologizing for/criticism of the Tebow coverage. You watch. I watch. Everyone watches. That's why they air it.
Great band! : Don't miss The Slackers playing at Ace of Spades this Friday! Get 50% off your tickets at SN&R's sweetdeals now!
Hard not to like KD. I don't care if you have "Texas Sucks" tatted on your forehead.
It's a blast! :D I feel like a loser though, using my emulator for cheats haha.
Damnit I am such an emotional eater.
pls dont send me stuff like that
Today I am getting ready to go play in the Dunes with family and friends! Can't wait to get on my 400 and ride!!
finally seeing the avengers h0lla
Kentucky Derby is over, now it is time to check out UFC on FOX and Mayweather-Cotto!
Met someone that reminds me so much of you - Impressive. You would be so proud.
You know I will
Thanks for the compliments!!
is that a request?
#NF Being a Poet is a lot like being a Stripper she stands emotionally naked in front of an audience for 3-5mins at a time
como q mejor. Q no hablemos d eso. Ok
There are few things better than an outdoor run.
i hate you bro !
Had the weirdest, most bizarre, truly frightening dreams last night. There was an octopus sucking my blood out of an engorged blue vein...
killed it tonight. Always fun merching!
“There must be more to life than having everything.” <U+2015> Maurice Sendak
yeah well they're sabotaging my idea of finding cheap summer clothes
Hey, follow back so I can DM you my info.
Sounds good. Hit me up anytime. My email is on my site.
At #IECA12. Stop by our table to enter our drawing! :)
i ran out of rubbers and the chick was lame and wouldnt let me shoot on her face. beggers cant be choosers.
Added to my reader! :)
What if we actually can breathe in space and The Man is just trying to keep us trapped?
This is our special project account, working to make IABs for the Wonders of the World. --
wats up b man
OK we gonna see
Oh boy. RT : Our hotel room heater just broke...
Is it true that HP are merging?
Seriously geeking out with the product using various demos… perfectly received by the audience
Dude I just really wanna meet you!
Help! I being sucked into the timeline vortex. Agggghhhhh......
And im the first one here....wtf.
The prosecutors did a shit job tying Casey Anthony to the death of her daughter.
Today is the day! Join us at at 5pm to watch 12 #startups compete for a chance to meet with from Garage Tech VC!
someone went for a bike ride and is pooped. It's not me
president carter.
Kid clucth did it again
OH . Lol .. Smoke Weed Every Day .. I said "lol" after that cause I laugh at people who ALWAYS say it at school xD
Screw guys.
Operation CLEAN ALL THE APARTMENT or Operation Granola Bars? I think Granola Bars first. Then wine. Then tipsy cleaning.
Just left an uplifting TAP educator effectiveness meeting at South Grove Intermediate School in Beech Grove. Specific Tweets to follow.
good morning. my head hurts..
Word to yo' mama
no believe me i told her to ask my dad somethin n she waz lyk why dont yhu wit a tude n i was lik
Why do ppl retweet and quote astrology? If you believe that stuff, go swallow a knife and do me a favor.
Prefer collaboration over bare knuckle competition? A law firm with Lock Step comp system may be right. There are few left with this system
Durring the summer the last thing I want to do is book reports
Mustangs a select team
Got My Tickets. If I win, this would be the cheapest cruise I have been on LOL
Procrastinating.... My jog....
I feel like Panic Room had a lot of potential but never quite reached it. I like it just fine though
#ireallywant Austream today. I miss seeing Austin. & him joking around.
Mother's day church is very long but hey it mothers day so what do you expect jk love you mom :-)
probably not. Y? Would you actually wanna be kicked in the nuts?
This is just a bigger iphone. Lets see if it has a Verizon connection.
“: You think you're ugly? You're right, you are.” LMFAOOOOOOOO. #MadeMyDayThatMuchBetter ;')
Thats 2 home runs for Steroids(Braun) this series
like "No Way" totally love that book! Well lets keep it 100 audiobook
At 11:25 we are having our first children's poetry workshop at the small tent. At 11:30, a reading by Laurie Lambeth at the main tent.
As you may have guessed, I am a little nebbiolocentric. Sweet wine... Barolo Chinato?
UCONN has a lot of loose balls.
I do not (: lol
; Every video of yours makes me laugh. Keep it up, because without you I wouldn't have the strong abs that I do. Just sayin'
President speaking to the Peace Officers Association today..urging the President to reconsider inviting Metta World Peace...
Drake at summerfest?
Sprint has the worst in-TV show ads.
Yeah! Tweet me when you're here.
Okay, I will. Thanks for the advice. :)
Don't retweet this
Welcome J.R. Tilson, Client Service Specialist w/ the National Tax Credit Advisory Group, our newest addition to #Columbus #CBRE office!
Investors: Where's Our Money?
lol definitely not what I wanted to be eating my lunch next to!
#WhenIWasLittle i always imagined life being like what they show in movies
Less than 100 days left til our lives change forever! Excited is an understatement!
Some good tweeps here. Esp if you want RT's:
Come check out the Kodiak Farm Boys. Bluegrass on a farm!
All da haters b lovin now. RT : I don't know who No. 37 is for the Thunder, but he's pretty good.
Looks like I'll have another beer in Portland while watching the #49ers. Thanks for cramping my style, again.
Fave accents to teach are: Russian, English (all), Southern (all), New York, Iranian, French, Chinese, Japanese, Jamaican, Irish, Scottish
Too much celebrating on your Home Depot anniversary? ;-) RT : Morning Daddy! Just waking back up here.
I don't believe in biological evolution. I just don't. Obviously science is real. But we weren't apes before we were humans.
It's all about the brushes bitches , i'm a fucking Picasso !
All my parents know how to do is yell.
: "Innovate locally, advocate nationally, network globally..." #GlobalCities Q: love to hear more about role you see for states.
hello, if you would like to learn more about the competition before the site is complete follow theadamouski.blogspot.com
Untended consequences, really? What jack@$(s came up with 'No child' anyway?
We'll be there!
Big thanks to for joining us on the Great conversation on Stanley Kubrick's "A Clockwork Orange."
When climbing up the ladder of success make sure your ladder is leaned against the right building
Haha I'm obsessed with t swift and so is Would you mind if I linked you to a free song of his?
Top-notch chase scene. Not kidding.
O, steph.. will you please interview bee entomologists? Research is showing pesticide usage prolly not cause of CCD
just met with new prospective client, I love that first meeting, nothing but blue sky and opportunity
Keep True to your
I got drunk and forced everyone to listen to Kix last night, didn't I? I'm at least sure was into it.
Pace yaself this bout to get good.
We need everyone in Packer Nation to vote for on #DWTS!!! I did NOT get 12 votes on my cell. :( VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!!!
couch to 5k PLUS i did some yoga. I am a fitness superstar. and will possibly regret it tomorrow morning.
top trending tweet, for a second, omg.
We would like to extend New Years wishes to all of our customers, friends, and family! Here is to a prosperous 2012!
Alright... Time to start ripping on the fashion choices at the #goldenglobes cause this game is OVER
Thanks for the RT and mention!
some folks should not exist
watching grey's anatomy.
I love your new avi mami! Its sexy & funny at the same time Lol! XOXO
Why does the girl from Karmin have a turd on her head?
Apologies for not being clear. twitter and facebook #s refer to the number of followers you have.
U Already
Locating templates is much easier in Office 2010. No more randomly searching the Web.
Happy 37th birthday to the legend that is Ray Lewis.
no. No since January. Moved to Chicago and have a new job. Enjoy your visit. :-)
The best advice I've found is don't look down
We refill CO2 tanks for $3/lb at the shop. But no oxygen, nitrogen or beer gas.
I would forget my ID and have to walk all the way back home on the hottest day of the year
#FF for film education this week ,
Showtime's Homeland: the Greek tragedy of Cassandra is pretty boring. How many ways will she be beaten down for being right?
Haha, yea. And I'm even more bored cause I got grounded for skipping class! ):
I love you monsters but don't hate on Justin :)
Why is #Yolo County, California so popular on Twitter. I mean UC Davis is a cool campus and all, but...
Goodbye Bunny?
Happy Birthday!
One of my biggest pet peeves: selfish people!
I love you too dear :)
Don't give up on my Phillies, Jorge.
Did you know that you can give your dog cheese? It's not bad for the dog unless you give them too much of it and end up having diarrhea
H has been complaining her mouth has been itchy for the last 2weeks. Every day. W/ or w/o eating. Debating enviro allergy testing
Why do you think it's a bad idea?
Spreadsheets fix ALL THE THINGS
I miss my brother =(
How was the class? I heard HipCooks is cool.
Thanks for having me on
uhh, yeah I guess. I don't really know what happened. All I heard was that he felt a pain and was having a hard time breathing..
We're about ready to dive in w/questions, so shout out to Jamie to say hello & so he knows you're here!
Plus classic animation from Norman McLaren that pretty much changed my life when I saw it as a teenager. (-Steve)
thanks for sharing the EggCartel blog post.
I've never laughed so hard at pick up lines
good morning!
follow me
wayne be giving all these speeches , like stfu .
why not?
idk <3 How was your day ?
flying home to maryland from south carolina... vacation is over
not my man
I want you back
#HOW DID SHE DO THAT?
3 bottom lines = good food, good finance, good service.
Would you have believed on opening day 3/28, that a month later the Padres, Cubs, A's & Orioles would have a better record than the Angels?
Coffee and conversation with good friends always starts my day off right.
good morning my prince
when Kari plays Bella's Lullaby on the piano just for me!(; >>>
I should be makin a list (I know) but imma be under the mistletoe<U+03E1>
There are several #murals I enjoy on my way to work from #HighlandPark, through #LincolnHeights to
my display name Latoya.
Be safe out there, world.
I'm coming to DC for Fringe.
RT : Hey legal trainers and support folks! What sessions would you like to see at #ILTA12? #legalit #ILTAUSS (stealing idea...
It was worth the pain!! This place in amazing!!! Forget Sydney you guys should come to NYC!
The Pilot store spilled my lemonade, and didnt say sorry, or get me a new one, the people at Wendys are great people, they gave me a new 1.
Roses are red, Violets are blue. Please don't leave me, because I need you.
I kinda feel like he has taken my place...awesome...
Wisdom is a sacred communion.
Even I have a heart and would not dare fight someone who shows fear of me.
So glad I came to see Kimya Dawson + Dream Hampton at Night School.
Standing room only; hundreds if not thousands ouside gate unable 2 enter
really digging Hume right now. The band that is
I will glady volunteer to face if is not up to it.
SO stoked to be a part of it :)
amen! didn't even werrrk me out! lol. Tomorrow's workout will! (:
So when Perry and Matthews meet at the quarterback, will they do a secret USC handshake or something?
One primary trait of maturity is the ability to override the tendency to become angry when your faults are pointed out.
Very well paced show. Thats editing not acting!
Now, does that pun belong in the Gil McGregor Announcing Hall of Shame? Sure, but it's not offensive in any OTHER way.
Looking to hire a community manager? Looking for a job? #cmgrchat is talking hiring today - starting now. via &
I'm missing 2 rubbers...*looks in box*
hating Lol we the best!
Organizing your home? Take it one step at a time. We tell our kids that all the time: it just starts with picking up 1 thing, & so on...
I want a gay best-friend but since that hasn't come along yet, I have One Direction <3 haahah
To the one follower I lost
busy busy, all alone at the desk. very hard to update.
Umm...you okay?
WOW, LOVED hearing these guys sing! They are so talented!!!
Sitting ina car, getting stoned ^__^!
Sometimes you have to put your hopes in a safe place and come back to them another day.
really p.diddy? yawn.
where in the Bible does Jesus laugh at someone being called a loser?
Does this theater realize how much money they're missing out on by having a cash-only parking garage?
Hey, Mary!
the merman made me lol
Hm. Start the day w/ #CNN SC coverage or Walker, Texas Ranger? No brainer! Let's take on the bad guys, Cordell!!
Oh chica, that's rough. Praying for that to blow over quickly.
this is precise manager redell drakeford,again please send me the instrumentals that you would like for precise to rock over.
At a recent trade show, our postcard campaign far more effective than our social media effort. Lesson: know your audience.
ARTIST COME GET YOUR NEXT PROJECT DONE WITH US! #UNLEVEL PRODUCTION TEAM. MIXING MASTERING AVAILABLE EMAIL DM US FOR DETAILS...!
Just because you have 140 characters doesn't mean you have to use them. Shorter messages get more RTs.
Doing some push-ups! Yep <U+E14C>
so good to see last night. He has some VERY cool things about to come down for you. Watch closely!
I'm such a procrastinator
haha I miss you both of course :)
Happy Birthday Michael!
Playing mad gab and its getting intense.
cause Cain is Mexican and you hate him
I'm not sure about Disney this year (although I would LOVE to do it!) It's expensive& I'm hoping to run a fall marathon, you?
Wondering if Stefan Siegel can join us for an interview on Wed. What's the best way to get in touch?
I love the #linkedin iPad app! Almost as good as #Flipboard!
Illegal interview Questions con't: are you planning to have children, what is you sexual orientation? Have you ever been arrested?
That's very cool... always wanted to do that myself growing up!
If your square #Soccer handicapper on #Chelsea -1 today quit his service now.... Be smart #Chelsea rested everyone #Soccer winners
that's awesome! Good luck with your feature! Look forward to seeing it!
Happy to announce is now Interviews Editor at
Red liners, my thoughts are with you
Not yet. He's moving around and running, but not participating.
Well, so much for playing not to lose...Should be a very interesting second half in #Manchester 1-nil City
Great! Just had dinner with my BFF & love of her life, who finally made it to Houston to be with her. They are so happy!!!
Suitcase a bit over weight. Do I sacrifice clothing or the jar of peanut butter?
I saw Jurassic Park when I was 2 and I think it's really done wonders for my personality.
oh that is a bummer! Those stairs were tricky I was trying to find an wheelchair access for me mum to make it easier
at d30 where is the after party?
Back in Chicago!!
Currently on Inside Edition: When killer swans attack...
#Moonlight isn't on Netflix streaming!!! Gimme a - signed - DVD!!!!! you famous :)
I freakin' love (:
If only I could meet Mr. Bennett. It would heal all my troubles
Really I think Tim Tebow wanted to go to God's country. God damn you, Tebow! Don't leave yet.
#JustRead Out of my Mind by
Condom on my heart .....fuck his feelings
unsuccessful attempt to see #bestcoast at #thegetty... however, #diddyreese redeemed the night! <3
I KNOW!
my penis hurtss! this penis is really fun to penis with xD
Coincidentally, Werner Herzog's favorite movie is also Overboard with Goldie Hawn & Kurt Russell.
Total crush.
Having a new car kinda reminds me of having a new boyfriend, except way cooler! :-)
Let's #GoHounds!
He died of guilt that cheese eating bastard!
There goes my money
This #Gopher Bball season has gotten really tough to watch. Let's hope Lucia and the hockey team pull through!
life is to short so ENJOY IT WHILE YOU HAVE IT!
What? You're not following us on Google+ yet? Don't miss out, we've got lots of great reads for you, like Google Glasses!...
Too many old heads down Philly tryna bag . My new age is 15 when I'm in the hood .
Michael Jackson Is Our Hero! Forever & Always! Keep Michaeling!
Dude I only played #SFxT Cause I could win so easy with Rufus/Ryu. Now I gotta actually learn a new character to replace Rufus lol
Hoping to be one of ReverbNation's nominees for New Music Seminar's "Artists on the Verge Project 2012"!
Freddie Free Free is strait beast.
On #dreams: sometimes it's ur head trip, sometimes it's the 1stSlayer, and sometimes it's just the guy w/ the cheese.
Lol she got hit with an eraser <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Way too much going through my head
I need a way to sort Twitter followers by least recent tweet, so I can unfollow people who don't talk. This 2,001 follow limit hurts.
Wer da girls dats wife matiral and faithful and got day minds right
true that!
Thanks big brother! And I did have chocolate cake for breakfast! Thanks 4 ur post on Facebook too! Love you!!
Stop by and see us at the on Wednesday in booth E4
I hate everyone :D
i will be very pleased if it happens.
Thank you! =)
omg, i wanna go on money from strangers so bad!! hahah
I still got my swag doe
My favorate #wine bar
come find us at #SACFair 2011-we're right in front of Copley Hall!
Excited to hear former #Badgers asst. Tony Bennett eventually talk about leading his current Virginia team against his future team
First night in the new house and I fixed the furnace - 10 Man Points
people have begun to lose their hopes & forget their dreams,so the Nothing grows stronger. It's the emptiness that's left...
Are you going to the this weekend?
Makin moves on a mon
The things i would do to austin mahone. (;
#ff Great friends of furry creatures & great New Yorkers:
My best friend wont answer her phone :(
r 2 of my #mustfollow people theyre amazing girls
When I text "imy" I be dead serious
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. ~ Martin Luther King
A nice shout out to by conference organizers at keynote session
70s here this weekend! Woot! RT : Arrived in Memphis. Raining sideways, windy, and cold. April hasn't arrived here either.
been coolin but now im back
I once told my psych doc I felt "human" again and he asked me what that meant, and I was stuck for explanation.
That was great!
Your Welcome Gorgeous #Angel:))
REPLY ": Bowl of cheerios NOM" ME TOO!
another sharp one. love the focus on tracking through to outcomes (e.g. revenue).
A smiling face is half the meal. - Proverb
So proud of myself for saying NO! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
ur a man without a job
Draging me to drag me to hell.
davis yu suck!!... i hate that gay ground shit in UFC....
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ! Your A Second Mom To us ... Mahomies Love Mama Mahone(: HopeFully Your Day Was Great !
I know! He has family here still. He told me a story about Marshall, saying it was terrible unless you went to school!
Sounds good! This first meeting will be an introductory kind of thing. DM me your email and I'll add you to our list!
Hell yeah!! enjoy the game bring home a win!
Sometimes i wanna just hi-5 you , in thre face , with a chair . . .
I'm gonna take a nap. Okay? Okay.
LOL it's going to be now
I'm pretty sure he is okay... prob just some personal issues he is dealing with
4 new exhibits this year for Fiesta visitors to see! Gonna be another great ballooning season!
We switched over to the new facebook timeline.....what do you think about the new look? Hit LIKE if you dig it!
happy groundhogs day!
OK thanks!
austin please follow me
everyone should have the right to lose half of their stuff.
Great show tonight by Craig Morgan & Carrie Underwood. It was AwESOME!!
Hilarious. And an apt description of me too!!
Love and lust are two different things so don't get it confused.
he also quit on the bulls in game 7 of the eastern conf finals in 94 but jordan would have 6 rings im convinced phil jackson is why..
This is fun!
LA has ruined you!
There is only one Title Town... and there only one trophy matters... One heartbeat one purpose one goal!!!
and she's dating one of their members lol??
Exercise sharpens your memory. Don’t forget to get moving!
I know..
I am PLEADING with all my brothers and NFL family. If you need help, someone to talk to, if you know someone who does, PLEASE REACH OUT!
Accused of things that just aren't true. It hurts.
Jesus. How can one person be so fucking attractive? Johnny, calm down. & stop talking. UGH.
What a gloomy day.
RT : Sorry God hates you so much, gluten intolerant people.
Absolutely brilliant on MTP. You almost make this circus seem like fun.
As much as I hate Kobe, I fully expect a dagger jumper for the win right here.
Charlottesville seems to have settled down quickly from UVA startup this year. Makes me think I'm missing excitement.
i only know s. todd / distant memories (junior high?) of entrancement by a performance of Passion on public radio. lots to discover.
Activate your muscles with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
It's acting, it's not real. Do the work, get paid and take care of your family. Great words from a manager I met with in LA
I have a follower!
Now a Blackhawks fan! and I just went nuts!!!
& the jay-z song was on ! so i put my hands up, they're playing my song. the butterflies fly away ! nodding my head like yeah !
We'll be set up at the 'Party at the Pier' pep rally on Thursday at the Santa Monica Pier-starts at 3pm. See you there!
Dear student: One advantage to proofreading is taking out the note to yourself admitting you don't know a major course concept.
what awesome beers have ya'll tried this week so far?
Glad you like the pictures! We'll try and post more on this sunny day!
c'est quoiiiiiiiiii ???
I think that its funny how we both had the same idea. I watched her tour tonight as well :D
First day of ADAPT training with the US Women's Wheelchair Basketball team in Alabama. Great job Jerod and Scott!
I have to gain weight to get a fatter ass.
this is similar to the old LET technique of Active Listening. Great stuff!
You cant play TES or Fallout on a console, you loose all the mods
fuck fuck fuck. i forgot to print my paper. i typed everything asdfghjkl 8 minutes gotta go get my laptop
The problem is, today's daytime is incapable of doing smart, long-term story. Or smart. Or long-term.
Lockout or Cabin In The Woods? I need some help twitter!!
Everyone who just said "raaaaauuuuul" just copied me. Plagarism has serious repercussions..
ah I love
So boring! I don't even want to read them anymore.
Where are you?
“Discipline is the refining fire by which talent becomes ability.” RS
We don't support this functionality. I'll follow up in your email with more details on alternatives.
With the extra point, Jason Hanson just set an NFL record by playing 297 games with the same team.
Hey Russ. We started in 2008 (as BorrowedSugar), but pivoted to Loku in Oct 2011. It's been exciting since launch!
u gay bruh
#FridayReads I'm currently reading Rut by Scott Phillips and listening to The Burning Wire by Jeffrey Deaver
And here are a few more on the bill at GMF2010: Hotels, Pink Snowflakes, Productionists, Concours D'Elegance. Tell your friends!
“: I met Eminem once, he was pretty awkward; His palms were sweaty, knees weak, arms were heavy"
Last night's game was awesome. Even if you DID try to kill me. You ornery brat
Kerry Washington's character in Scandal is my spirit animal.
10/5 Entree Special: Prosciutto Wrapped Alaskan Halibut on an Organic Cherry Tomato Risotto with Warm Wild Mushroom Vinaigrette
yes, definitely yes, and no I don't speak spanish. lemme go splash on some black panther and this shall commense
O.o you suck at a video game?
Thanks luv.. he really was no complaints at all here!! hope yours was even better! So ready for the New (;
Really wants 2 see Sade in concert!
Where was Joe Wilson when we needed him last night!
A cute goody bag from goes to... !
Sitting here listening to Pandora
I'm a short mf
RT : Do business. I dnt do friends
Glad to hear Queen Z is doing so well! Best of luck big girl! Can't wait to meet your little one.
Long time my love...How are you?
performing at Fly Away Festival
Jack White + LONE RANGER = must-listen movie for me.
Thats true I hired my Aunt as my personal assistant....she is over 70!!!!
Good Sunday morning all! Up early for the #USWNT vs. #Japan let's go
I am loving these tweets about horrible submission packets! You should make a series of these!
Willamette Week review of THE AVENGERS calls Loki an "alien overlord." Alien?!? (& why doesn't he have a young sidekick named Loli?)
Shoutout to thank you girl!! ;)
Lakers strategy on defense is to run as far away as possible from open shooters.
It's very possible!
Navigating too much #snow and too many #advertising #media options today? Consider a 1-stop planning partner to help with any OOH, anywhere.
I wonder if austin would DM me: LOVE YOU MAHOMIE...
Pat, that is most kind of you
you keep ghosting and appearing randomly!
Sugar cotton & flowers. RT Gay marriage. RT FILL IN THE BLANK: Military vehicles of the future will be made out of _____
Tip of the day: You can use your hair accessories to close your bag of chips.
You got alshon, reuben, hill, fuller, toon, broyles, quick, ad that's just at the top of my head...plenty of wrs
11th grade has been the best year. I love all of my teachers
I like how last year everybody was like tebow nation.. Now they forgot about him and got Peyton manning
even then, i dunno. surrogates are all the rage these days...
H.A.T.E.R.S = Having Anger Toward Everyone Reaching Success.
bastards. Trying to twat us apart :)
no voice/txt service near right now, or earlier this evening.
Ugh can't watch svu anymore without stabler
Can't believe I've still never been to Banana King, someone shoot me please!!! Lmao
If you say you want to be layed up #Lowkey and u got a 1000 followers bitch look at my face -____- < that ain't
Houston we have a problem....
Happiness comes when you believe in what you are doing, know what you are doing, and love what you are doing. - Brian Tracy
Whenever there is a big storm it seems like my windows might burst in
HEY IT'S I'M READY FOR YOUR INTERVIEW FAMMM LET'S SET IT UP IN MARCH BABE HMU 2106779291
56,000 of your biggest fans I'd imagine.
Shop around when looking for bigger ticket items. Let salespeople know what deals you've found so they can match or beat other offers.
If W stands for win, then all I want is so z's
if u r talking voting u should pls check out
Nothing fancy for dinner tonight !!
God Bless America!
Didn't you hear the budget presentation today? Austere times. RT : Cash bar at #ncsl? Are you kidding me? Amateur hour.
I'd use the link in the signature, and like you said, the QR in the printed materials :)
Ok seriously this chile lime sorbet is the most delicious thing I've ever tasted
Israel Project chief leaving to start new firm - Politico
Now following ^_^
At the Southwest Drupal Summit! Let's see what we can learn, shall we?
Would be nice if the AT&T hotspot would actually work this afternoon...you know, when I need it...on the metra. SMH.
The lady at wells fargo didn't setup my dad's memorial account correctly. Stay tuned for correct info on how to donate.
Apparantly chicken alfredo is better when prepped with butter
calling graphic designers interested in checking out letip referral group: there's an opp in another group. dm or reply for details!
Woke up. I'm still blonde. I'm still awesome. Life is pretty much
It's nice, mellow, & warm here at Lottie's. Billie Holiday is playing and Miles is posted at the bar playing Words w/ Friends.
You obviously don't get it . . .
Sweet 16 baby!
As soon as my following to followers ratio is better I will follow you. Twitter has me on lock down at the moment.
Sigh.....alliteration. Gets me to click every...single...time...
I remember what u said about taking dreams away from kids. My play will cover exactly that!
Are you at the Circus at the Hampton Coliseum tonight? Post your pics here!!!
YOU WIN! Plz DM us your full name so we may guestlist you +1 for tonight. xoxo
trying out tiny twitter. so far i like it.
jenn. Wisco loves you. Come back soon!
that means that i have to get up haha
that song is cool, so are a lot of the songs on the album The Early Years 1930-1934 (same artist) ;)
follow me i follow every1 back:)
No manny alex verhast has been teachin me to take scenery pics
Following people around on Twitter, while my marketing material is printing! Just watching the ink dry! :)
I buy into Bezos' vision for the Kindle as an "uncompromised reading device." I don't care to multitask reading a novel.
i actually missed it tho. Chicago was stressin the mindframe out
Tigers game postponed, rescheduled for September 24th
The awkward moment when you get caught picking you're noise in public...
Ha, thanks, that steaming mug graphic is cool!
Word is Jonathan Vilma from our boys at the dome will be in the house at Red Clay Soul tomorrow night. You might want to join the party!
#AMERICAN IDOL all 3 of them are good, but u have to vote for She is a SUPERSTAR in the making.
i forgot when Craig Owens is going to be in dallas for his solo tour.
RT : excited for a fun filled night in #HK for my #BIRTHDAY! dinner and then many drinks! YAASSSS!
Its not that i don't like you, I just would've preferred your mother had an abortion.
Training session today on #digitalArchivesDay for Post Family digitization project!
Really you want to
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!!! here's to continuing our hopes, dreams and desires in the new year! be safe everyone!!
Sitting here feeling kinda crazy but not just any crazy but the kind you feel when you LOVE somebody!!! 4am Melanie Fiona
nothing it's so boring
Reaching out to all our #DBHHSUPPORTERS what would you like to see of more on our site? Let me know your ideas. We are a family!
U never kno what someone else might be going thru so think b4 u speak plz
Life is so peaceful and beautiful when you're surrounded by beautiful things and the beautiful people you love. #Swagg - XavierLT. com
Good luck to all Bills Rookies starting minicamps today
I think i'm listening to so much that i'm getting an accent.. <3
I don't think I would park a Powertap equipped Dura Ace bike outside a public building with only a ULock
can we taste test? “: Just had lovely customer in from #London telling me to check out British custard #foodhistoryiscool”
My little sister RT'ing my petulant, child like Buck Funting fueled rants is more than slightly embarrassing.
The reason we were bumped is the NFL is holding a kicking combine for players not drafted in the recent NFL draft.
norman!!!! RT : Nice sense of humor: Encore Suspense is playing "Psycho" on a continuous loop during Mother's Day.
Revised afternoon plan: treat wooziness with a sunny couch nap, tea, and The Fall.
I still don't get this thing called Twitter, what makes this place so great?
praying for him Jenjen!!
where you gettin tatted?
i am so sacred right now
Isn't "waiting by the phone" an obsolete concept in the age of the cell phone? :)
I'm a pro B). You obviously look odd
Lucky! RT : my mama got front row seats to new edition concert tonight but has no one to go w/ lol
Thank you!
I'm either working on that sitemap you asked for, or watching interns play Goldeneye.
WE HAVE A SITUATION WILL! -___- wahhh, um let's see
Shaq's analysis of LAL-OKC: "It's going to be tough for LAL because Kevin Durant is mad." And the other problem for LAL: OKC is better.
Let's go wildcats!
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
lol imma just turn myself in after that um nigga I'm out.LMAO
Just printed Eps.1 - 8 of Temporarily Mary for review, as my writer and I continue forward. I'm really happy with it all so far!
monday is the worst day for me. We celebrate wednesday!
Should I even try?
I think I just bumped into gennifer Goodwin. Is that her name? Her.
Summer's Crossing is an awesome addition to a great series! Thanks :)
FB n Twitter needa "Ratchet" button!
Growing up my dad was the hardest working man I knew. Probably because I didn't hang out with grown men.
Rip Donna Summers.
RT What a crazy show ! Nothing went right, yet it all worked. Thanks ! Thanks again Bro !!!
lol hey i mean its hard out here! don't hate the playa hate the game! Sorry !!
Love seeing girls reaction to the vibration of my farts on the bus seat
Live and love your life always
We will be announcing the release date of our new EP very soon! --stay posted.
The Godfather has not been whacked. Props to Al though. We'll post a video on YouTube soon!
I can't believe I'm saying this but the other women on The View are jewels compared to Star Jones. She's the worst.
I wish you have a nice day, maybe you follow me and that your dream come true !! :) <U+2665>
": Fully In The Tux is pretty solid. S/O "
you be creepin' on my instagram. (:
hey hunni long time no talk...how you been?
I've been sitting on an idea for a new venture these past few days and can't wait to see what I can do with it.
The actor's name is Alan Tudyk. He was Wash on Firefly also.
LET'S GET OUT OF HERE
“: you 2 can both sport sole control shirts and try n catch eye.” just a lil Advertising <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Joe bends the organ and Aaron makes it rain - Oct 29 @ Wild Tymes.
When did Pujols become a dick?
Doing it on our own allows us to be our own writers, producers, and editors of our journey.
I just wanna know who atheists thank on Fridays.
Is Katy Perry Pregnant? Decide For Yourself! (PHOTOS) Summary: Does Katy Perry look pregnant? A few websites have started suggesting th
I can only imagine how sad it would be to lose one of the greatest. Let us know when you want to commemorate him!
My boss said I'm bein greedy lol
I lost a follower, which is a huge percentage. Am I that offensive? Jeez!
“: this life is not for the weak hearted”
Dear , esp. : please never stop selling your tangerine-lime seltzer. thanks.
Anyone kinda wanting a Portland Timbers Women team? #Greedy?
Today's Sandwich: Hot ham & swiss on a French baguette with dijonaisse & a cup of soup....$6.95
Finally got around to the #Fringe finale & I'm convinced: #FOX should have renewed #LieToMe and canceled Fringe, not the other way around.
COFC is the real deal!
where in cali are you at??
good luck to u tmrw! u r about to be a 3x runner of steel champ! save me a seat at the bar! enjoy your ride.
Jim Jones - "We Fly High". Every time it comes on I swear I feel like I'm 15 again.
I ordered Adobe Creative Suite 5.5 Design Premium. I am pretty excited.
Why use my computer when I have a smartphone and a ipod touch.
i love my cat, but that bitch needs to stop meowing.
On my way to oak .-.
Great shirt encountered while delivering: Badger red shirt with "NOT WASTED" written across the front. Shirt was clearly lying
People who've changed for the worse<
off at 5
I'm not saying it's the Heat's fault. I'm just saying. The Heat have been healthy, Knicks haven't been.
I won't want to worrrrkkkkkkk wwaaaahhhhh.
looks like u have to settle for a little in n' out ... O poor u -_-
I'm finding Timothy Egan's book on the Dust Bowl, "The Worst Hard Time," a fascinating read so far.
Agreed. I wonder how measured the SM success for the webinar.
I'm addicted to Temple run
Happy President's Day “: I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. Thomas Jefferson”
like 1- I don't even know who your talking about lmao and 2- I can't believe you just wrote that lmaooo !
RT An attorney for #Huguely points out that injuries he had on the day of his arrest could have come from a lacrosse game.
Thank you for the outstanding presentation at #cloudfairseattle!
I summon you to appear my love
I think ice cream might be required to help ease the headspinning.
A message we can get behind. RT : just unfollowed #winning?
We got shirts and crewnecks for everything!
Makes me so happy to see these pictures :)
The Bulls are straight killing the Nets.
Thank you! I appreciate it. Right now we are all just hoping that they find whoever did it.
nice find.
not a problem. Glad to do it. I'll be praying for Ezra and the family.
Food Trucks today!! Who's coming hungry?
still deciding whether or not I like dubstep..
I'm a simple guy who needs a visual! :-)
How about All I Want For Christmas Is You? Ariana loves Mariah Carey. :) <3
Yo homie that just got on my bus with a case of beer. Gimme one.
Oh, I'm sure it wasn't intentional. Just interesting.
I LOVE my job!
thanks for the RT!
I'm falling in love with on She's amazing!
Ah, happy accidents. Every now and then life surprises me in the most enjoyable ways. Rearranged furniture and stuff just fit.
I'm pretty sure this chick just farted in the elevator.
trying to remember why I thought working 30 hours a week and having 12 credit hours my senior semester would be a good idea?
Win. You've done well.
I'm not even sorry for Bab's liitle brother taking it easy on u fools. He thought u were flirting with him. Congrats
welcome! Thx for retweeting me earlier this week!
hey alex, you know html?
I can def.ly dance like a stripper at times but if I could get it like the twerk team I would kill everytime I move
Thanks nicole!
Happy 16th Birthday!:D I love you so much! You have inspired me with my music... you have no idea!<3
#istefreud! By far the best presentation on #iste2011. Didn't learn anything but who cares!!!
I was kidding too. Not really being insolent. I'm just glad you know how to spell IPA.
no listen up. I haven't read the chapter.. I'm not guna read the chapter, so miss guerra better
[+] (b) Polls don't predict the future; (c) Big undecided [+]
From America? :)
I'm confused about your last tweet? What was said? I can't follow the link.
in Chicago? where you hear this? First a the snowpocalypse and now the plague?
iloveyou &' everything you'r for <3
Good God, The Finder is a boring show.
hahaha oh really? Thats how you feel?
Busy editing a new short film - who woulda thought 1950's educational films would be so fun? Golly!
ugh. Get on the other one. Haha :P
haha! well, shucks.. thanks. (;
Mrs. Beasley: Dad's watching Shark Week episodes on Today I am #PugShark and nothing in the house is safe. For starters dad's Hat!
So glad we're having a girl. Poor little boys have one extra procedure...
if everyone is contributing something then that's pretty big. And anybody can at least grow an aloe plant...
What do you do when all you can do is wake up and die?
i just had sex am i in love lol
Woah!! Long time no talk! :(
I'm sure it can to some degree.
You can't get any better than zac brown band....amazing show
have you? Lol
So freaking pissed right now
sure was a tease! i won't be by TV for 6news. can u tell me what casino? not a gambler, want to know 4 personal reasons- will tell you
AHHAA, ITS THE MAZE GURL, SHE IS SO GORG
yo, dawg I heard you liked vehicular manslaughter...
Thank you Suzi and will do. :O) Hope you have a great day as well.
Stay tuned for our website renovation!! Same info-Better look! Log onto www.drwiggys.com
nice to meet you briefly last night. also your bandmates fed me tacos which was dope. most importantly thanks for the whiskey!
What % of wild birds to domestic cats kill?
Wtf Britney spears on the xfactor... who is she to judge.. in sorry lol
Ahh same :( Sad Times!
i have Call Me Maybe stuck in my head thanks this song makes perfect sense
“: , Dear god do not call me brogan. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>”Smile, Brogan!
because I'm the king of the world
i can't.
I second this thought: RT Will someone please take me to Coachella? I'm a good travel buddy, I promise...
Lets say I have a playlist that is 60 or so songs. How do I buy it in as few clicks as possible? ^^
LETS GET IT ! SHUT THESE NIGGAZ DOWN ..
Thank you for allowing me to share my wisdom!!! Big Hugs!
GOD been puttin injuries 2 the teams that R supposed 2 be good all up in the PLAYOFFS & its like he sheilding
I even brought up one direction DEAD. SF OWNIG THE PARTICIPATION POINTS
Today' Special: $25 Soft Gel Manicure $20 Organic Pedicure Please call to make an appointment @ 559-761-0669 Thank you!
Listen to what I say
and it's ALWAYS great meeting another fan who is also part of the #311familia. :)
I hate bad grammar . It's unnattractive .
I Go Hard in the Mother Fucking Paint!
Try Yelp. I find it incredibly helpful in Houston, anyway.
We'll even fold your napkin! RT : So you provide excellent service and are delicious. congrats!!
for real...cause that can change...
I WANNA DANCE WITH WOLVES AND PLAY WITH CHEETAHS!!!!.....
Forgive yourself for not being perfect. Then, forgive others.
Getting ready to co-facilitate a session on how meaningful or meaningless homework has become. Is #PBL a solution?
Gear comes in Tuesday, expect some liveness & new mixes next week!
i really like you sometimes, brooklyn.
YEAH! HERE WE GO STEELER NATION!
Currently reading Interview With The Vampire. Surprised I waited this long. It's great so far.
Meeting Sunday ladies do not forget!
that's very interesting. Chandler is a great zip code
I am seriously starting to like Emily Osment.
Coming home to the best Fajitas after a long day of work and a workout... Damn. #WINNING! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
getting some reiki done on me
Whats s up wit da fade mane?? Trying to change it up huh?
yes. are doing a great job with big data. was thinking about the connection between going solo and our maps. 1/2
Would you name your child after food? Think that's crazy? Tell it to "Apple", "Olive", and Diva "Muffin", 3 Hollywood children.
Sounds like a Monday.
Brandon Jennings...here we go!!! Stay hot kid!
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, it's just that yours is stupid.
If you're in town this July, come to !
You should Follow he's awsome
Oh okayy, well i sent my number to you (:
what field? I'm in much need of a girls night. Guys piss me off!!!
Tweet me if you want an Ariana icon!!!!!
Here t work dressed underneath.. 2 days till weekend training with Mistress Susan
ahh yes- why is the bed so much more comfortable when you HAVE to leave it? haha yeah, I'm already at work but i'm so tired :-(
#SM3 calls on Congress to let employers, insurance co's refuse coverage for health care that they have moral, relig. objections to
Today is the first day in almost 3yrs that I weighed in under 200 pounds, having lost 17lbs. A lot of work & SO happy!
RT : still on the couch. But I'm sitting up. Nobody fiat pumps better. Not even snooki
The ppl saying that are complete & total assholes.
PickUpLine: What's your favorite position on extramarital sex?
oh is the state fair here now? I need to look into that- did you end up going??
Somebody stop me
Great night with friends and family! Tomorrow planning our wedding then celebrating our friends' wedding!
revel's open now? how is it?
My battery is running low. Glad Tulsa's energy is not.
I'd like to get into this decussion but I have to clean my parents house and take down their tree. Hope you women are here when I get back
Gotta love the National Weather Service's cheeriness: "If you can hear thunder... you are close enough to be struck by lightning." Yay.
well u should get signed to a label :) <3
Thanks Alex.
Accelerating demand for used cars
" Bitches pee& on they self ! "
#YouKnowShesTheOne if she doesn't go back for seconds at a buffet.
Can we get a tour of your video setup?
So anybody know how to reach trombonist Byron Fulcher?
on saturday we can meet like i asked my mom and she said i could so AVENGERS IT IS :D
#ItsCrazyHow i can fall sleep after work and when i wake up 4 hours have passed by.
lol this dude on fb is just stupid.
Going the back way to #Coachella. This is awesome b/c A) Julian has Apple Pie B) rest stop at Santa Ysabel Casino C) I miss all the traffic
ftw so it
“: yea most def. Send me his info.”< hit the website Tyrone info on there W.mobstyleproductions.com
Everybody hurts some days
for Adam Dunn's HR, Hawk Harrelson says "A-BOMB!... off the bat of Adam Dunn." He almost had it!
Guys: No Shirt, No Service - Gals: No Shirt, No Charge
Eyelashes are too ironic. They are there so nothing goes into your eyes.....yet they go into my eye ALL THE TIME lol
Bill, the casinos MAKE money 24/7. The city LOSES money 24/7. Can't even patch the streets. That being said, you are correct.
RT : Get ready for the Holiday Fair on Dec 7. We'll be there selling Crimps and pies. YAY PIE! YAY LOCAL!...
I believe everybody should get rich and prominent and do everything they ever dreamed of so they may notice that it's not the reply.
RT : DC's co-founder & CMO will be attending today!
whats up people... im back... where is diddy i seen you come on that stage lastnite lol do the diddy dance huh...
Home sick
Congrats on the closing!! We have much to celebrate at on Friday!! Xoxo
Voice your opinion: What is your favorite book on ReadPrint?
Thank you! Have a great day too!
Is it funny when a major host loses connectivity for it's employees? I guess that all depends on perspective.
I think this counts as a fan account since the whole thing is about you. Hehe (:
They say money can't buy you happiness.... But is sure can allow u to be unhappy in a bunch of nice places....lol
Come along with me, misery loves company
Don't be jelly. But I'm about to murk this sammich with hot sauce on it.
hey i haven't met you, &this is crazy but heres my twitter,so follow me maybe? <U+2665>
S Club 7 reunited??! Awesome. I'm so going to see that tour this summer!
Busy writing some new tunes - both exciting and frustrating.
Happy Saturday, friends. It's a beautiful day!
Lol...can't start early!!!!
I'm ready for season
still has a few open #college #campus dates! #NACA #internships #jobs #speaker #event #conference DM us
Today in 1941, more than 3000 Jews were killed by special killing unit 8 along with local collaborators in Mogilev, Belorussia
Am I reading this right? Blazers new head coach was a video intern 8 years ago? There's some serious upward mobility in that organization.
S/o to Time to make
Both federal and state laws protect workers from employment discrimination
Goodnight Justin. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.#neversaynever!:)
I think the antigay pastors have "redefined" the #Colorado legislature this session.
Woo Hoo! At least the #POTUS knows we are human beings, & not somehow 2nd class citizens! #NOH8 #HRC #Thankful!
when are you with your finals?
there was clearly a party at waffle house mere minutes before we got there
of falling flat on my ass. I was in school Spring semester, she made us do a blog as our final but didn't like site so much
Wished I had gone to that fight party after all. Sounds like a good fight.
I wish! It's late November in Wisconsin. We are in full hibernation mode. How about you? Tackle Sandia this year?
What is your favorite to cook on - gas or electric? Which one has a longer life expectancy?
With out it I would not be nothing
Its my way or no way # simple
spending my morning in line at the brazilian consulate ("the party consulate")
The irony is the piece is too long and involved to work as a funny stunt which is all they wanted.
cool! I still need to get to Barnes and Noble to pick up a copy!
Tampa bound to join the pool party w/ & crew :) Happy cinco de mayo!
god is real
happy friday tweeters! take a breath, the weekend is here. share it with someone you love. live is short, make the most of it! ~C
Thanks to , who has committed to coming on board as one of our major sponsors for the next Event!
thank you cheeseball. I miss you so much. :'(
Oh my Jesus singing ushers you got it bad...I just fell in love..damn Georgia boys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Tweeters, let's support the US Postal Service to save 100,000 jobs. The job you save may be yours, a family member, or a friend. Spread this
Appreciate the new follows!
OMG that was amazing... they were all wearing combat boots!!!!!!!
Whats wrong with people these days? -.- you know what im not gonna even bother to be nice anymore..
All of Star Trek: TNG is now streaming on Netflix. You won't see me for awhile.
Finished grading 112 Online P1s! (Of course, there were only four of them)
I DON'T WANNA WORK TODAY ON SUCH A NICE DAY!!! I WAS SUPPOSED TO HAVE OFF!!! WTF!!
Never thought I would see a random slightly over weight guy wearing a letsrun t shirt in Newcomb. Weird
At the
": whats up twitter??:)" what's the craic sean?
have a safe flight ;) ur gonna love Miami
Not sure when they finally got auto-locking. I left security in 91 to become weather & rarely drove cool vehicles after that
"Things to do in Denver When You're Dead"
we love you back! <U+2665> xoxo
lmfao good one (x but I just want to just watch the waves <3
The lonelier you are the more likely you are to incorrectly believe your cell phone just vibrated
I'll DM u my # So u can send me the pics we took in class
New York City, here i come
I was just listening to She Will Be Loved and I'm crying. It's such an old song. Like, 3rd grade old. :')
Lmao no Jesus!
Can't get my fill of "Double Burger with Cheese." A sweet, sweet surprise.
The sun is trying to shine through the misty fog on Going into the 70's. I see a 2-3 hour ride in my immediate future.
iPhones are just toys....
RT : Packed theater. Smell of diapers, parental anxiety and fake butter. The Lorax better sh*t gold rainbows.
that actually ties his career playoff high for points in a 4th qtr which he set against the Magic on 5/28/09 in the '09 ECFs
Is it a kid's event, a church event or a professional event?
Got home til after 6 then had to wake up to make breakfast at 10.. Just stayed up since then lol
location scouting and casting today.
it's in dallas this yr and was last yr...but i can't claim to know anything about "usually" when it comes to accordions...
#whitesox Thornton must have given up 20 duck snort hits in the last year. nevermind. another HR
VentriPoint 3D Heart Analysis System Approved for Pulmonary Arterial ... - 4-traders
was just there and got a salted caramel mocha. #Starbucks #Addict Definitely not seeing the 99% tho Beautiful day in
Your lucky you get to be in Florida the same place that is going to be at!!
Spray paint
I LIKE THEM TOO! I swear these groups need to get more popular!
still eating yogurt
Thankful this morning! sometime prayer shouldn't just be when you want something. once in a while you ought to do nothing but praise Him!!!
Let me know when, I'm up for going to see Jeff Dunham live whenever you want...
YAYYYY! were going this weekend.
5 days until breaking dawn part 1!!!!
How could you generalize NY sprts as sinking? NYK sinking? NYY make playoffs every yr, NYJ NYG plyoff teams - poor column
got JSO out here for a domestic or something.... Again.
Out with my girls. Oh, how I needed this. Thank You, Lord for my friends. I am truly blessed. :D. <3
That's kinda sad...
I can't hear you guys, but I'm on the far side of Squad Six. More noise!
Very, very nice. Have you tried Scapa?
relapse indicators RT : Q9 general crankiness, endless hunger for anything outside yourself to feel better,
southwest had a hole the ripped open the top of a section of the plane. They took 80 of their planes out of service.
but your opinion of "free" school at say Harvard does affect me because I have to pay for it.
Flt attendants can be strict, but I think he deserved it. He strikes me as unstable!
Wow. It's windy out there. I think it's trying to be like winter or something. ;)
forreal, niall is sexy and he knows it.
looks like? no sir, I am a caped superhero.
that's because you are special.
what do you mean by video calling backend?
Get started in Real Estate Investing with banks 203k Investor Financing, ask me to find out how
Rochester offers stimulating choice of museums - RocNow
Good Night! For those of you who remain. : D
aww I'm sorry:( feel better<333
RT : Europa Worldwide Logistics signed a 15-year lease on a 155,000 sq ft shed at ProLogis Park Midpoint in the West Midlands
ew, school tomorrow.
Im going through that very thing right now on my bus!! :P
Why do I only twitter when someone mentions twitter?
That means no phone. No twitter. No tumblr. No Facebook. No instagram. All that ish.
We keep duplicate collection items on shelves in our reading room for just that kind of researcher. It's usually all they need.
AH. Can you actually schedule it?! I'll help! PF <3333
- I've loved and I've lost
My dreams roll down the east coast
Good morning everyone. Almost time to go back to work only 2 days left in my vacation
yes ma'am
I wish I had of gotten to him first.
Awww.. My word:(
My nails make me can not tweet
Dude at my gym is benching 275 like its nothing lol.
so which is it? Wordpress? Or Tumblr? What are your thoughts?
just hit exit 38- where y'all at?
I heard the NPR story on the Giants parade & it did not sound impressive. But I also ate king cake 2day and was feeling prideful.
Should I be concerned that right before I started copying some Iron Maiden onto my phone, I checked and noticed it had 6.66 GB free?
i miss you :(
I was just teasing...and Scooter has earned those beers!
Trying to decide if I'll attend a panel on the legacy of the Bracero program at the museum where John Olivares Espinoza will read in Dec...
Watching people drink Hurricanes on tv is not making my life any easier!
Strawberry swisher. <3
Marine Mammel Center Gala = Success!
BOOKED for Halloween! Stay tuned for more details
you do know what swag is right?
thanks for following!
Thanks for the mention. Quite an honor! Will keep looking for articles to contribute.
Still up getting money.
running on empty...
Don't forget to use the *official* hashtag for the #2011USWomensOpen :D
Baity radio interview done, about 50 people at Berean Baptist so far to watch #amendment1 election results come in.
I find nothing more depressing than optimism.
things are good! On to the next awards season with
I was walking through the hallway earlier, I went around a little crowd and felt someone touching my backpack,my crush was right behind me..
How was it? U missed social after. RT : Heading out for the Tuesday run but only the short loop bc of the hammy
That moment when ur in the car, and ur mom starts talking...and while u have ur music turned up..and ur like "yeah"...(idk) lol
First FNM tonight. General advice?
So people are surprised the voters of a Southern state voted against gay marriage, just like literally every other Southern state?
-may your wish come true. you happy now? i wish you knew how much it hurt.
Polish wins the last track MEAT of the regular season. Can't wait for the playoffs!
iTalkFast Releases Free iPhone Player App That Improves Time Management
Now your just somebody that I used to know.
for a complicated girl , she ain't that hard to figure out <3
I hate to do this but I would realllyyyy love it if u could follow me on the paramore account! It would really make my day!
it wasn't loaded though, so we were all safe<U+261D>
Teaching intro class. I love this so much. Every time.
I posted two more pictures. I paid 160 at least, from what I remember. Name a price.
I just hope they reveal it quick and not string us along. Viewers hate that
is attending Empowering Women in the Global Community 2012 Symposium.
DukeCityDish thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Lunch at Vincenzo's today, then I'm off until Monday!
Tell them again!
": who can go a day without cussing?. LOL" SHIT UM ME LOL
thx for the heads up :)
bout to get it in && play some dominos
Caroline Kennedy should sue for defamation of character.
Christians should be ready for a change because Jesus was the greatest changer in history. ~Ralph Abernathy
is a badass.
Oatmeal raisin cookies, that look like they have chocolate chips in them is the reason I have trust issues
Breaking a small ankle bone or ripped ligaments sucks before heading to work... Lmfao thank god I have a huge pain tolerance...
Beautiful day for a hike! On our way to Kitchen Creek Falls.
maybe you should have come out last night. and you wouldn't be let down. bo. jk <3u
Hahahah, I think I'm guilty for saying "I'm sorry" too often....
Is Paul Ryan the pseudonym for one of Rand Paul's bastard kids???
Did you know you can fight DOT tickets for more than just traffic?
Researcher vs. Student use cases?
just because most my guys are friends ima whore? noo, they are just friends nothin else! damn people these days smh!(:
I have discovered shabbat dinners..and they are awesome.
Well, to be honest I did have to look up the second guy, but you talk about the first one so much I know his handle very well!!
Welp... I think I have enough episodes of The Facts of Life recorded to get me through my divorce. Want to come over?
So, how are you doing? Good, good.
Working on a Monifah style freak track
I'm in LA that's my base and u know thAt smh lol
Leo laporte was crowdsurfing above me
I wanna go see the Blue Man Group!
is just killing it on twitter right now. #NYmakesyoucrazy. #unrealtweets!
it exactly clears it up. lol.
Roderick did rule!!! So funny.
I don't pay any attention to conservatives, but plenty of libertarians have said "Rush is wrong, which makes it harder 4 us."
watch out for rockets tonight at Mohawk austin around 11
How good a feeling it is when jobs come in on time, with great quality, to very happy clients!
Its about time you started following me....hope you are knocking em dead
Couple of house showings today-it's about to get real.
I'll misbehave if it turns you on...
Great preaching tonight by my man Sorry it took awhile to tweet. I was out Digging a Hole!
I think sometimes I'm still there. :)
#utdgsa folks, don't forget you can renew your books through the summer now!
That hand would look great in Masonite! :)
Need Free Beats! Check Me Out!!!!!!
Joe , Rita is so right and this man fullyagrees. Church exploits many low wage people now short changing healthcar
hey the snow absolutely rocks.
that's awesome..ill check it out
Does anyone else think its weird that Romney showed his kids an aborted fetus?
#WaysToImpressMe be Harry
hey! Sorry I was out in Ohio bustin my face on some mtb downhill trails with , did you end up doing anything?
I like purple unicorns
haha were you late again
Automatic toilet flushers really ruin the whole courtesy system.
Saw THE FIVE-YEAR ENGAGEMENT with my mom for Mother's Day. Giggle-worthy supporting cast. Real relationship vibes. Too bad it's overlong.
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow mommies out there in the twitterverse
Omfg AWW<333 RT : THEY GAVE ME A STANDING OVATION. I'M CRYING.
sounds great!
Thank you. Check out our album. It's free.
No matter how GOOD or BAD you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
I've discovered that if you just say, "I'm going to the gym later," you are totally cool to wear #sweatpants all day.
Wonder what Cafe NASTY is like xD
Some people just want to see the world get set on fire
REMINDER: We’ll be at the Peninsula Home & Garden in Kitsap County all weekend!
#BTR3rdAlbum trend we can do this rushers! if we were able to fill timeline with kca votes we can trend this!
"Be careful that you do not forget the Lord, who brought you out of Egypt, out of the land of slavery" -Deut. 6:12
Had a very long successful day,,, I'm going to sleep early tonight... Good Night Everyone :))
I love hugs. :)
Oh how I miss u but I can't admit it!
Just saw a draft of the cover design for our EP!
hey you should be talking to not to me
Don't die Jesse!
hey howd u know what my other account was?
words can hurt, words can heal, words can love, words can destroy, so choose your words wisely
The middle is bumpy today #JFK-#PHX ... and my water spilt, le sigh
i told her to clean and she was like "You dont do shit im the one that finds the money" i wanted to slap her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
cool. I probably will as well. submitted two coin-related linked-data related papers.
According to the , the first modern breast augmentation took place on November 24, 1893, in Heidelberg, Germany by Vincent Czerny.
If there is a hell, confident a special area is reserved for duplicitous neocon criminals resp for millions of dead |
Goal!!! You watching the #Coyotes game!?! Omg!!
It really seems to depend on who you ask!
"Come on down, on the new is right!" -the address, that is - we've moved tweeting over to -pls unfollow here and follow there.
"Ideology is the engine of politics."
RT : Smash some today on Pendleton Pike and #horizonyouth will recieve 20% of the bill for...
Why would you want to play football if one knew it would cause brain damage and shorten your life span?
RT : Sunday come see White Rabbits with The War On Drugs and The Love Language. $15 all ages 7pm. Please RT
We were gone must of yesterday....dogs are mad and woken up early....licking mento death!
I see.. So wat do u do on youre freetime?
91 yr. old woman murdered in her home in Georgetown, 2 blocks from my old apartment. What the what?!
thank you
I'm fine. Just enjoying Britcoms on ...: )
All your #NBA & #NHL playoff preview and reviews here-USSportspages.com
Mayretta Police now on tha' scene.
also... Awkward...
Just like ladies don't like closet fags, men don't like closet rats
FOLLOW RIGHT NOW. GET HIM TO 5000 FOLLOWERS. NOOOOWWW
One of our songwriting contest winners, Cole Boettcher, has been working on new music with us recently. Look for some hits this summer!
Welcome to life
Teach HS- teaching to use Twitter as research tool. They are illuminated. Need to teach tech for productivity not entertainment.
and he just won lol
I randomly have that Don't Trust Me song stuck in my head. o.O
I have to say it's the first time I've ever seen that guitar, lol. Unique indeed.
Are you in pain? Pain is the only way your body can communicate with you when there is some type of dis-ease taking place.
I just got home. It knocked over anna's snow globes. She's upset :( poor Anna :'(
I'm working on a project. I had to start over b/c I left my flash-drive at school. What about you?
Really, chase.com? Everything in a pop-up window, common tasks buried, tiny font, baffling error messages.
The Helen Thomas story should remind us all that decades of work can be undone with one comment. Now this comment will define her to many.
Just lost 0-5 in table tennis. Must practice... or at least play some more before my next game
the arena
If Only I Had The Type Of Parents That Dont Care If You Dont Go To School. It Dont Work That Way When Your In A Latino House...
I'm the only heterosexual, 30 year old man in the US who thinks the Andrews sisters are BADASS!!!
Try 2 imagine the end of eternity
Thankful for an awesome lady named ! I don't know what I would do without her sometimes.
Say What?! Check in on at any FYE and receive 40% off any used cd, dvd or video game!!
- Jeremy Lin says Tim Tebow is an inspiration to him, as they both excel at the bounce pass. ()
Also probably the only time I will ever hear someone say "Somebody find this girl a midget, STAT!" Lmao!
Justin & Beliebers are still trending!! Diggin' it!! =D Beliebers got
so many things remind me of you.
An autistic teen is accused of making terroristic threats, boys and girls sharing dorm rooms, & APD seeing more straw purchases. At 9.
Corporate archives-type jobs have such weird job titles and language...I wonder if there's a list of common titles out there?
We are available for services 24 hours/day and respond within 1 hour.
Aw, man! Are you in Houston?
Working on an investigation about lead in rental homes. If your home was built before 1978...ask about lead.
#shopping #starbucks #mobwives Yea I'm pretty happy right now ;)
what's up with Marquis' playing time?
Kids are #carving #pumpkins I'm tweeting :)
*calmly* Why didn’t you tell me?
Laugh out loud! Waaaaahhhhh
Sad this is my last day in Clearwater. I wish vacations never had to end. :(
- Thanks - Looking forward to reading your Mag!
Prepping for my 10th annual fundraiser 'Evening in the Black Forest' to help German Society of PA on Fri. What a fun nite! food, ale, music
Want someone who cares about Milwaukee to be Mayor? Write in Scott Plantz for Mayor! Join the revolution!
survival of the fittest...or youngest
In all seriousness, I think both Keith Price & Robert Griffin, I are two great people who are fantastic QB's..
Don't gas me up
Boobie Gibson is on fire but Kobe Bryant is at Staples.
good except for the snow and ice lol
#iloveaboy when he comes up and hugs you from beind and whispers i love you
The band's name rang a (very) dim bell. Didn't know they were hip-hop. Confused them with Backstreet Boys.
If you're looking for great prices on promo products & a reputable co. tweet biz guy using social media for his biz 2!
Happy anniversary to Amanda and !
where are they selling that ?
it was nasty! haha
thanks a lot megan :)
“: If you are in DC and like steak and fries then you HAVE to go to! $20 per person for steak, fries,salad. Amazing!”
Thank you Charlie ;) One of my faves. So appreciated! Wishing you a great Friday and weekend.
RT philmitsch .........Phil Mitsch Success Tip - 1 secret to success is believing in yourself even when others don't
: Did you see that Wing guy? I can DO that!
yes. It's time that the NCAA lowers the curtain and reveals that college sports is business.
5/15/12 #ward5se we vote for a new CM 5/15/13, we should still see those 10+ candidates in the community as I know everyone still cares.
Got to the gym too late for yoga, but sprints and squats and tons of plyo always make me feel better cos, you know, masochism n' things.
"Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same... perfection will not come." Bam, The Fray.
Anyone else really care about Colombian hookers? I find the new agencies looking for them in Colombia comical.
Grateful to the Fed. of Women's Clubs & their support of Child Abuse Prevention Month. Add Wolfe County & Barbourville to our growing list!
HAPPY MDAY TEA
fair enough, he is a good buy. It still dummies down your presentation of the game.
I'm asking myself the same question...
& ticket 10556 has a passion for her students that will lead to big things with that board! Cc:
Driving straight into the dawn... That's freedom.
I'm cranky b/c I haven't eaten properly today. No, coffee and salad wraps don't count.
But concentrating on the drug problem is a common mistake of those who are like me shocked by the Incarceration Binge...
....perhaps parts of western Suffolk, but not where I live.
Monday moping: Trainer made us run in a downpour; but my dog isn't dying as I thought!
Come test your knowledge for trivia night | 8PM onwards | Happy Hour throughout the whole event |
asks "Why can't everyone in Hollywood be normal and not get in trouble.... like Eminem... or Brett Favre"
Managers are for professionals who need help staying afloat and relevant!
We provide therapy for parents/guardians-When their personal or family issues contribute to the client's problems.
Omg time flies
Congrats on being nominated as #Ravens recipient of Courage Award...can't think of a more deserving person...
you know that was meant about
would you be willing to play meliane on icarly once more if made another episode with her in it? (:
Do it! One of us might as well be physically fit.
Ditto, it hurt me so bad to see them wreck the one at the end of The Fast and The Furious :( clean black, so sick
Today in my department, first time an editor used InCopy to make changes in InD file--I didn't have to! Thanks, !
Twitter wasn't working for me yesterday. Looking for the tall, skinny & handsome fella?
needs to learn to aim his dick piss is all over the damn seat
Feeling good
It was a great time hearing trash talk on Fantasy Football Weekend! "Camp, best 2-7 team"
for sure. nice work!
The Texas House members are Rick Perry's ZOMBIE VOODOO DOLLS this session. The Rs, including you Aaron Pena, can only say "Yes Master" ...
im glad ur not changing ur nickname :) i love it!
Has anyone ever actually ordered milk as a beverage at Taco Bell? It seems terrifying to have it on the menu.
*sniffle sniffle* WHERE IS YOU BE IS ARE WERE?! RT : I miss you!!
you ready for the weekend?
Thanks everyone! Good times. Have a great week! :)
Have a nice day :)
In 1933, Ol’ Blue Eyes got a job as a cub sports reporter.
Thank you! Glad you had a great time at LDCM.
First night back in #aikido in a month after a sore back and it feels good. Boa noite, todo mundo.
There have already been six lead changes in game against Pittsburgh Power. SA leads 23-18 with less than three mins left in half.
haha you weirdo. I hope you break it ;) jk. Well I'm not a big fan of steaks but ribs.. M! :))
we gotta do something about it
Thanks for the follows , Michelle , Rory , and
#DailyHealthTip: A balanced plant-based diet, lots of physical exercise, & a positive attitude lead to good health, & a long active life.
Omg I was over there on twitter with u nd I didnt noticed u twetted me lolol
#FAMILY,FRIENDS,&MUSIC JST A COUPLE THINGS THAT I CNT LIVE WIT OUT LOL
I'm sick of these #TwitterAngels...#Lightskin and #Darkskin trends and all the sudden every want to be Malcolm X
Is that a formal request? Because as you know that is one of our custom special edition exclusive flavors!!
Who does everyone like tonight Arkansas or Kansas st???
You ladies have a good night! Take drink for me lol
I'l be a beautiful letdown. That's what I'll forever be.
awesome! Totally, let's try after sxsw.
Great show by Carolina Chocolate Drops at Buskirk.
i will die with your photo is so.... so.. damn hot
I've been enjoying the pics.
Just saw the awesome megabus deal - anyone else going by bus to TC ?
oh I found an alternate route. Ima get me some damn oxtail. Sheeeeeiiiiitttt
Trying to pack for oklahoma but for some reason I keep thinking to myself "no that is too offensive to wear"
- Come on in. Book for this weekend. We would love to see you.
Im giving estradas success to you sitting front row!
Rob Bolden ranks as one the worst qb's Penn State has ever had.
Don't know how Vegas hotels are hurting...This place is packed! Maybe they just aren't gambling. And the shopping sucks for me.
What are you guys up to this weekend!?
Good luck to and Sweden!
"Fallergies"? Srsly? Librarian + English language = precious.
I did that today!!
I'm so hurt by your last tweet, I just HAD to retweet it. I'm not at all sensitive Kate. Your tweet was hilarious.
Do Not Let The Opinions Of Others Consume You.
. "I like it, I love it" by Tim McGraw. Nashville Predators version. (goal song) Go Preds!!
$AOGN an independent oil and gas production company, today announced that the Company's shares are once again listed on the OTC BB
I'll check it out. If I can, I will.
Safe Travels
My dogs 7th birthday is on Friday. Do I need to warn him about his impending midlife crisis? Will he always be able to get by on his looks?
bored need somethin to do any suggestion
I would be so much taller if my legs were a foot longer.
"I gotta curl up into a little Assball!"
lol yes! I think was talking about it on Facebook a few months ago! No thanks!
what's next, join the discussion now, tweet ur questions
You know had bad movies can suck you in and turn into a fav for no reason? Me. Perfect Storm. AMC. Now. An ex called it The Fish Movie
Bout to get it in whipping up in the kitchen... orders up
Thanks Saints for getting the munchkin all worked up
If it keeps them on the air, then yeah I agree. Definitely.
I am finding "blurple" really satisfying to say out loud. I'm going to have to start using it.
Find another dummy lol
If anyone read my mind, they'd probably cry. I have depressing thoughts.
"Oh Really Now? It's Like Thaaaatttt!? Ooooohhhhhh!!! Lol"
I would have gone up from LA w/ you if you could have stood sitting next to a 49er fan :)
What happened at Suite?
From Austin, TX: Rytes Warriors 2013 defeat Deron Williams Metro Elite 60-45 in Semis. Advance to Championship
Bella i just wanna let you know i love you so much and i know tht your going out with garrett and i thought you were single
You didn't mention your "hubby", so we're still cool.
Fuchsia fix
I'm tweeting careers that humanities PhDs can pursue--beyond the professoriate.
Good call. I had to remove the Beatles from the equation out of fairness.
oh i see.
good luck! My whole family has Celiac- so no gluten for us either.
I thought I was following you already? Weird! Well, I am now!
Dragon garden with Jacob , cam , and kinslee ! :)
I think my tweeting spikes immediately after a cup of coffee
Q5 I'd like to build a better partnership w/High School teachers for SR, but it's hard w/out a dedicated YA librarian.
I'm seeing the musical improv show tonight at UCB... Excited!
Your face!!:%P
Epic fail Long live
Tough break...rcvd call our music composer and my best friend, Jeff Jordan was rushed to the hospital for open heart surgery; what the f*%k!
boo who <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
It's cold but that's not gonna stop me fr carving out this beautiful hill!!
Ewwww about the fetus.
Good night good night going
I miss california already...
Trust me I would rather be a nerd than a __________.
Osama Bin Laden has been buried at sea "in accordance to Islamic law and tradition"--A US Offiial reports.
How does everyone like Volu Gro by #nutrex ? I've never tried it.
no doubt. Both GREAT movies
Say what you want, but it hurts like hell.
Whatever you put yo mind to. You can do it! Never let anybody bring you down or Get in yo way
Taking the last finals today
This is vocal, not dance.
A technical objection is the first refuge of a scoundrel.
ENDS TODAY:EARLY-bird registration for the #Transportation & #Infrastructure Convention. Don't miss out on this #multimodal trans. symposium
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie - that's amore!
Coming up at 6 - we talk to 2 officers who pulled a man from a fiery crash. What they were awarded that made them thankful - at 6.
Summer side show was so sick! yall put on a sick show!!sorry yall couldnt be there!!:/ Jo-nathan
We fall down, but we get up!
. Thanks for the thoughtful recommendations! Looking forward to my first fest film this evening.
Big thanks to Logic & Raze, The Hollowz, Dj Optimist, and all the staff of the Cactus Club for an amazing show!!!!!!
This afternoon: Donna Brazile to speak in Harrison Auditorium at 4:00!
I should stop playing bar dice.
it's Bronco Country! But we love you all the same!
Big matchup tonight between Baylor and Tenn. Definitely rooting for Tenn. I would like to avoid Griner at all costs
Follow your heart listen to the woodland creatures
Also Gwyneth's spittle and death face.
We're at #NAB this week! Let us know if you want to talk! Ping us at hello [at] massrelevance dot com
Try changing your password. Your account may have been hacked.
Tax Chair Ortman says she's going to "call time" on the meeting and will call for final vote at 8:15 p.m., regardless of amendments
Shhhhh. keep that on the downlow. You dont want to cause another Sarah Silverman Sighting, do ya?!?
Off to camp in a few...gunna stop at McDonalds...hopefully i can steel their wifi while i wait for my food<3 ily tony and ily&&imy dylan.)':
My nigga is seriously on his way to the top. #WWNNN bout to be a household name
Reggaeton is being bumped at ignorant levels.
I love you, Beautiful.
: u already kno!
Who's going to see President this weekend?
SURPRISE MIDTERM AUUUUGH
Hannah<3 You're the prettiest 12 year old I know!You should follow me(: I would LOVE that!&& i'll support you no matter what!
Gonna go to some sweet sixteen at castle ballroom with le second family (: Tell me if you see me!
Defined as "light without heat emitted by electrical sources," passive light is simple and efficient to use.
Oh the weather outside is frightful but Amici's is so delightful. If you've no place to go, join us 4 some Joe! dinner + coffee drinks = yum
RT : Only 2 days 'til FREE & awesome networking at Gravity's Coffee Connection. Register Today!
Happy Easter and happy brunch to you! Cheers!
It's hard to see you once use me , then go to another one of my friends & use them .
that is true, nothing wrong with cutting "friends" from the roster. Female friends are a tricky proposition.
BOYS LEVI SHORTS $25!!!!!!
I miss you so much :(
Yeah yeah. Like I knew it was going to be pictures of naked men. Ever heard of reverse pyschology? D:
Peak Health & High Energy Tip #84: Overweight people are overweight because minerals are not present to limit their appetite
Craving happy hour at noon can't be a good thing ;) www.gotime.com
Does the final phase include a new name? "The Foundation" sounds a lot like "The Family".
hey! You should come over for dinner sometime! Or beers when the semester's over!
I didn't say anything though? Do you mean you understand what I typed?
Happy BDay To My Homie My Brother From Another Wizard O*Boya Money 2 Be Seen U Already My G Its #PirateGang And Ya Don't LIke It
!! RT I love FOOD
For YT SEO too RT If embedding video on your site, provide a transcript. Does wonders for SEO.
what if I used band members as life sized chess pieces???
Fuck my anti depressants...it's fuckinv with my sex life...
: Prayer for a great week:; Lord please guide my feet into happiness, health & success psalm 37:23 #GodPlease"
A second #Liveperformance by A Thousand Shades of Cold on
Merry Christmas to all! I hope your day is wonderful and brings all you hope for.
Ah two of my favorite ladies :) Desperate for God and in inspiration to me. Love you both!
we need to. yes.
Virtuoso uses #LinkedData views atop #ODBC data sources, to add vitality to your existing #RDBMS zombie records by bringing them to life :)
Come check out surrender night club tonight free admission just use my name at the guestlist Travis Sosa
he was so gracious!
This storm is something serious
i miss you too! It's awesome to see you growing so much!
Just got a venue locked down for late Feb!! Who wants in????
nigga seriously? You're in a AP class.
put on a cute workout outfit, that always makes it better! :-)
hahaha ;) 66 days!! Yay! I mean who doesn't like cuddling?! Everyone spoons...
Your #GOP VOTER relative/neighbor supports #GOP "Billionaire Bailout Budget" condemnd by Catholic Bishops as anti-Christian "IMMORAL BUDGET"
Pacers by 14. Looking good in the third quarter.
Fat Albert (;
Happy 71st Birthday to #Cheerios today!!!!
Jeff Norris of NASA says Agile practices will actually allow you to GAIN control.
Weird how both my iPad and iPhone have the same battery percentage lol !
I don't think they should've put Howard on that little couch on the View. His legs didn't work for that it only fit the women.
Got another person in our crew So now it's me
I used to be a scientist, and I kinda miss it sometimes. History helps ease the pain. Also, cupcakes.
sometimes better than the game
thanks!! Come on down, we're open 8-4 every day & u can start out with the farmers market bag if u like surprises!
forever h8in my dimples..
real good actually man. Well, not as good as your Indians!
I'm gonna tell Ed you said that.
I feel a strange mix of mostly #rage & some #love. See also
I guess we're kissing in hail now
"No Soup For You! "
Great final four match up; Kentucky, Louisville, Ohio State vs Kansas
merry christmas, you bamf :)
I think there are a ton of people in this theater.
One day you will notice me Justin...One Day<U+2665> iloveyou!
LP Nation, there will be a Pop Up Shop tomorrow from 2-5 with FREE MASSAGES & gift shopping for all your holiday needs!
sorry not sure what the problem is.
when your study buddy bumps a less-than-satisfactory playlist loudly from her speakers <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
let's organize the tour! And the distillery too!
Worth noting for anyone ragging on the fellowship's pay, MediaNews Group pays some full-time editors/reporters less than $12/hour.
lol omg i'm sorry !
This is my #swaggeryear one way or another stuff will be different.
Catching up on all my shows while about half of my school attends prom.
Happy birthday Sofie! You're the best!
anyone wanna txt? msg me #
watch out in the shower. RT You are never more than 10 feet away from a spider.
u were not kidding...that's really red. Awesome though.
You're welcome! Glad someone appreciated it!
love the way u handle your attitude on court, up close in person
Cleaning house here at the #soap guy. Getting rid of all you inactive people so we can follow more of you guys back!
Oh! I think I saw that. You're crazy...still beautiful as usual, relax.
it's so nice to find someone that's as equally as awesome as myself! No one else understands! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
no where, I'm sorta still healing up cause I just got out of a cast a month ago. I'm tryn'a cop a deck soon, & we out.
Egypt makes its mark at ITB Berlin
what's good family !
I am against constructing tennis courts in the park
im actually glad i started liking the janoskians cause it's kinda good to get away from the one direction fandom for a while
who can can oppose me n really expect to win with GOD on my side,LET'S NOT BE FOOLISH! all of my strength is from GOD,FAR GREATER THAN MOST!
#networksolutions really needs to update their hold music.
My wireless network is frustrating me!
RT you go girl. I'll be watching for your show. --> Thanks! Appreciate the support!
Nice RT : Going with the #throwback red sox jersey tonite...Derek Lowe!
Why is love so easy to fall in to, but so difficult to forget? </3
RT: I took a #zapcash break to Wendy's, then as I was stuffing my face I started looking again and BAM
Having food stuck in your teeth with no floss handy <<<<<
Dear Laker fans, your season will be OVER when OKC runs through ya
I'm hoping to see rock the anthem tonight at the Stape. #LAKings have a pretty damn good record when she sings.
Watching Safe House.
You have enormous potential. As a Child of God, the possibilities for you are without limit.
It's at the store. I'll look tomorrow and tweet you.
Windsor Terrace Y wants to interview me for their after school program. Also a sales job.
Thank you <3
#FF Lovely and charming. Need I say more?
Girl, it was ridiculous! There was no control whatsoever-- it was sad to watch.Now onto a show I love " One Born Every Minute"
Great to have you at the tasting!
all my friends hate me because i tweet you 2much, so you should be my new best friend
RT : If I have 10 chocolate cakes & someone asks me for 1, how many chocolate cakes do I have left? That's right 10.
The conversation had been thrown to the audience. Too many ideas to tweet!
You are a jerk! I had my appendix out! You can't fake that! Dude I miss work so much, is that weird?
Same here-dance. Add in heels & no wonder dress-for-comfort now = mantra.
Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K finishers receive "heavy medal" Our medals are wearable & worthy of display!
I never even woke up this early for school. First day of summer and I start my 3rd job!
lol dont be sarcastic i was being serious!
Sometimes, instead of a yes or a no, God's answer is not yet, or no for now. That is a tough one
smh at those types of females.
+1 digital lib/archivist/cataloger/IS-type/Jane of Library Trades for
As booze and morning after pills fly off shelves, I would like to wish ev1 a Happy New Year! Let's make 2012 great & full of new adventures!
Certainly their scouting depts have, right?
Route 15 has reopened to traffic through the town of Palmyra.
Thanks dude!
Ghetto guy or preppy guy?
PickUpLine: If I gave you a sexy negligee, would there be anything in it for me?
Hunger Games and the power of merch
so what really happened then lol
Watching the Royals! It's been a good opening week so far for them!
I have an idea for Win7+IE (to have the Favorites folder show in the taskbar's Pinned section.) Who can I describe this idea to?
mahomie_4_eva is my keek:) ill follow you now:)
ya ya ya but now you know who
Need sum to get into for the rest of the night!
im tired as fuck, but im pushing myself to get this work done.
the point of praying?
I like to be everything you want hey boy let me talk to you =)
Today is a great day!!!! Looking forward to the little ones.....
Q5 Graduated 2006. No MLIS paid work, only volunteer. Traveled 06-10. Worked in lib all through undergrad and part of grad school.
Only 3 more days until Halloween weekend!
Build A Solid Footing In Internet Marketing With These Tips | Get ...
Cheers mate :)
There is an itch/urge to be apart of something much larger.
All Along just aired for the first time!
Broadway... I'm on the way! "Gets in Car turns up Jezzy"
tonight in the nest. Check out crash Thursdays!
Gold camo gives me special powers...
Happy #FF from
Only been to 9, and 3 of those have been torn down, so I'll just say that Fenway is my
Counting followers: convenient cousin to museum visitors but won't help a whit to understand success or improve.
Stasi and I just did the cinnamon challenge hahaha funniest thing!!!
RT : #Giveaway2: According to Save the Children, what % of US children live in areas at risk of natural disasters?
#20ThingsAboutMe 4. I spend too much time on twitter
Hope everyone enjoys there Friday!!
I hope everyone had a pleasant Christmas yesterday. My one mistake was renting "Inglourius Basterds" last nite. NOT A GOOD ONE TO WATCH!
I HAVE FOUND SO MANY PUPPIES I WANT TO ADOPT.
So, in loop.php, this doesn't display [to follow]. What am I doing wrong? Tried _meta and _custom +
Of course, I'm now going to yank your chain for a while.
Idk nerd I was just laughing
NO WAY IM SO JEALOUS! haha you are so lucky!!
is shopping hot dog carts and a gross of Hebrew National kosher dogs.
Hooray! What a fun give away! Happy St. George's Day!
In case you're wondering, I'm not packing heat.
Mp3 your single to for consideration on The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show
Join us tomorrow to celebrate #StPatricksDay with boozy specials and live Irish music! The fun begins at 9 a.m.!
Super Excited about TONITE - - has the "I Climax Everyday" Tees on Deck
Thanks for your order of the Tiao He Cleanse!!! Let me know which one u like better from the CleanStart to Tiao He!
This, The rip tide, is a brilliant song! Have a good day!
haha happy early birthday! Have fun!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
visiting Praxis church in Arizona
"I wanna fu*k you so bad right now." "WHAT!?" "Damn autocorrect, I meant "hey"
no I didnt yu should of told her
great new look, Chris. Big props.
Zak's good people.
Well, here we go 1.5 hours until we play one of the best teams in the nation. Good luck boys and thanks &
Most men can handle adversity but if you want to test a man's true character give him prosperity. -Abe Lincoln
fuck what u heard ..
People of Interest have a "point of view." If you're point of view is just like everybody else's then why pay YOU? Per
send me info at
RT : Seriously #Cleveland....we have to win this. It would be huge for our great city! Please take 2mins and vote!...
#BayArea peeps head to the Mission Night Market tomorrow night. have a pop up shop w/ handmade goods. 18th & Mission St.
Tweet me? I'll love you forever!
. tried to find you guys at #CampaignTech, but couldn't find you. Would love to meetup tomorrow!
obama: president of awesome
Why can't I be an only child?
Watching ignorant imbeciles emphatically agree with each other about some minuscule shit
Birthday dinner after church tomorrow. 16 baby.
I agree about the no waiting bit. I find that I have more than enough to read anyway, but will check Edelweiss
Today.. bomb day (:
Happy Mother's Day to all my friends and family.
I don't know why they call it hamburger helper... it does just fine all on its own!
Tattoos should definitely be acceptable on a car lot
RT Think Positive......
cool (: I'll be there, if I am not going to eat
Even the dives in Boston have amazing "chowda."
Mark your calendars for June 30, Milwaukee. Forward Fabrics has a booth at PBR Fest in Bay View.
GM WORLD...(UM UP DOING ME PUT A FEW PLANES N THE AIR B4 I GO HANDLE MY BIZZ......
I think my grandma likes you better then me.. Should have slept over.
pizza/hookah/movie night? :)
Popularity is not important. Some people crave that shit like they'd die without it.
(not that I don't agree with you, I hate that shit)
The Mayfair Hotel and Spa wants you! Stay three nights & the 4th night is free.
I love our music department!!! Nobody like them!!
: If every teardrop is a waterfall I'm the friggen Niagara Falls.
no don't do it, keep that shit clean all season
thanks for the RT! Look for the YouTube videos soon!
is seeking an #Archives Manager in NYC. The candidate should have heavy experience working in digital archives and an MLS is required. #jo…
whenever there is something wrong with the site be gettin hecka mentions.
ya. Ik this. I like ryan too just i hate if people hate on him or austin etc
This week's show is action packed! Roger picks his two favorite Peter Falk movies. Also, Christy and Ignatiy answer questions from viewers!
WOW just because spencer pratt follows you on twitter does NOT mean i will
Lots of sugar??? 7 grams per serving.. 17g in a 20 oz bottle...I think you are confused!
Just found a lady to do it this afternoon from a follower on here. My Tweeps are awesome!
This saturday club sugarhill all white party
About to light some up in the studio ...
2nd block... Worst time of the day :(
Proud of my twin !! Glad he gettin tf outta Texas .. nun but wack bytches here .(;
So, like Steiner's class. Haha
Anyone know of a GOOD iPhone app for 10K-to-half marathon training? C25K app is great but I've outgrown it. ?
Wow - glad and impressed you guys are driving all the way from bham! Looking forward to seeing you!
I think I am starting to get twitting. Or is it tweeting? Someone tell me why I should connect to my cellphone - or to Facebook.
Money, power, respect, three the hard way
Try the hot toddy, and if you wish, let me know how it works for you. It is certainly soothing and helps one sleep! :-)
so tired.... but i cant wait to see my family tonight!
God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers. ~ Jewish Proverb ~ HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!
It's refreshing to hear a 100% chance of rain in D.C. In Florida, even when it was raining the weather report would be a lower percentage
is hoping all pack members are running things today!!!
Almost forgot. Veggie Lover's Quiche is in the case, for eat in, or to take out.
"Dear Mr. Roosevelt: Our P-40 is full of holes. Please send us a new one." Letter 's #meljacks sent from Bataan on behalf of soldiers.
I'd say Acadiana or Brasserie Beck - not in gtown, but easier parking/valet. In gtown Seasons is $$$ but really good
Don't "Hotlink" images...Hotlinking is when you are directly linking to another site’s graphics, etc. Get permission, save it, use it!
"Time is free, but it’s priceless. You can’t own it, but you can use it. You can’t keep it, but you can spend it. Once you’ve lost it you c…
Congratulations Sam.
Glad to hear from you. I am well.... How was ur xmas?
wow 6 woo someone pulled an all nighter lol i dont remember the last time i did that lol i was already at the gym at 6:)
Sounds like a great new game to play around the office.
well, it was a very excellent stop, complete and full, looked both ways, 10 and 2, thats the way to get an A on the exam
I have never seen Terry afraid to touch the ball. The Jet is scared to shoot. Wow. Where is the irrational confidence I love?
Thank YOU!
I still kinda love Don and Betty together
Scratch that. Lose-lose-lose. Michael Scott would be horrified.
RTAdobe Students Adobe and Facebook partner! Learn how to build social apps that combine strengths of the Adobe Flash Platform and Facebook
To go to CG next year with or to stay at Perry...
Next person to use the word swag is getting shitted on.
The term 'pledge drive' sounds like Greeks moving prospective members like cattle.
K-Rod spelled backwards is Dork.
“: Thanks for the RTs & for everything you do for CLER!” ~ Aww, shucks! I love those horses. #blushing ~
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to speaking about wellness in the workplace at Allscripts in Raleigh today. Company is so proactive about helping employees.
Mayor 's April 18th State of the City address will be given at Paramount Studios, according to his office.
My Last Tweet Of 2011;D See Yaa ! We've Had Our Ups And Downs , But I'm Ready For A NEW Chapter <3 (:
Steeler Nation welcome to the Love of the Nation.Sean Spence our Newest Steeler!
Game on
"bump some Nemiss/now we off the speedmeter/spark em i will knock it out the prk Derek Jeter" wrote this 2yrs ago who knew lol in tune tune
Come out for a classy theater night on Wednesday, April 4th! Followed by drinks and conversations with the playwright, D.L. Siegel...
you and alex are adorable<3
Indiana weather is so confusing.
la duh
Ah yeah *drake voice*
that always happens to mee ! Its soo annoying isn't it ?? X
follow back :)
Hey Kim, so excited you're on the call too!
Testing TweetDeck and HootSuite at the same time. Any opinions?
But it ain't likee im missing outt on anything....
Road trip with ! #sisterlylove #bonding #excited <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Say what you want abt the CCP, but it changed one of 20th century's poorest countries into world's #2 economy.
Sorry we'll miss your concert at Elmbrook tonight - you sold out you little stinkers! Be blessed in this warm, sunny MIlw town
I hear you're in Madison tomorrow. My coworkers attending. Bummed my schedule is full. Ottos for great dinner and martini/wine.
I've written for
I'm still stuck in the lofton, baerga, thome glory days
Cintolo finishes up. Drechsler asks a few brief questions about lobbyists. Weinberg now cross-examining.
@ Work! Doing what I do!
Going to Gutter for some beer and bowling. Feel like I need to notify you :)
aw man. Gota help the students
shytttttt just let me know when. So eyell know if eyem in the country.
I don't recommend the 405 even without alien invasion. RT : OH GOD EVERYONE FLEEING LA DO NOT GO NORTH ON 405.
. meet and you guys have much to talk about in regards to citability standards at the DCcodeathon!
QoTD: "Don't let your victories go to your head, or your failures go to your heart." (Maori Proverb)
We've been Overwhelmed w/ the Support and the Amazing Energy of the Attendees and Exhibitors this year!! THANK YOU ALL, lets keep it up!!
#HELLYEAH :-) RT : On my way to acquire some much needed experience. I'm just gettin' started in this business.
Differentiated Instruction is doing what's best for the students.
meep think my cell is broken
Still have yet to smoke with #oomf after that convo we had .. lol its a must !
SAFEZONED!! And joined by Captain Cole!
The piece seems to relate/pertain solely to people who drive, i.e. no one who dashes for the 5:20.
Nope. Don't believe in it. Just don't add up. "Now I may be wrong, but I doubt it".
Don't miss today on with & ! 730pm EST!
(2/2) Convince anyone who watches Fox News that Obama is anything other than a Commie Muslim who wants to destroy America
Recorded a great interview with this morning. Hear it when we go live. It'll be the first episode of "Inside the Machine"!
RT @(null): perspective landscape photography at its finest.
: The bathroom motif is a nice touch as well.
Today's BTU inspiration: "We have more possibilities available in each moment than we realize." ~Thich Nhat Hanh
likes me even less than he likes justin.
RT : Dear everyone: 'Mother's maiden name' is a crappy and outdated security question. Stop already.
Huge flakes falling in S Everett. #Snopocalypse is definitely here now. :)
Though the mind can justify itself faster than the speed of light, it can be stopped through the act of writing. — Byron Katie
A big congrats and best to you! RT “: Bring on graduation!”
Congratulations to Jason Owen on winning the Ring of Fire Tickets!
Shaunie is quiet. No tweets in 6 hours or so. Same with Evelyn. Crickets. Tami the #bully sent some tweets trying to apologize. I RT'd.
Good morning twitter
What goes around comes around the world don't stop for nobody
Listening to I'm Not A Pilot cover Creep on . Great cover...less than amazing job of bleeping the language. They sound hiccup-y.
We're putting the final touches on right now We'll be in touch with a sneak peek soon...guarantee it will be worth the wait.
The Braves won the West in 1982 but lost to the Cadinals 0-3 in the NLCS.
Pictures of me surfaced from the red carpet, and within two days the designer handbag people had found me with their latest wares. LOL.
$5.099 for gas, although to be fair, it's premium and Beverly Hills. A maserati at the next pump. He doesn't seem bothered by it.
aw beautiful. I know. you're so strong. don't worry, you've tiago. and you know you can talk to him about that. I know it's
I got u
Let the fun begin!
RT : Personal news: I am leaving Vanderbilt University to focus on writing, consulting, and speaking engagements...
Finna hit did shower & chill
Sometimes I hate when I am right! Ugh...smh
#FacebookIPO Day wasn't quite the roller coaster that was expected. Were you surprised?
ah. hem.
Mom can u get me some McDonald's??? "You Got McDonald Money?"
empty falcon?
yay! successful shopping day with mom, and tux selection is complete!
What about the Orange?
My year old recliner has blown 4 of the 5 springs recently and it's the model with no warranty. Guess they knew it was badly made.
yea, some sweet normal southern belle from Knoxville / Clarksville.
shiiiiiiid I miss u bro we need to go to a strip club this summer man
Hittin' "the corridor" for lunch. Like 15 possibilities in walking distance on Penn Ave./Penn Street - maybe sushi and a cupcake?
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
at work for another 26 hours. And is raining and cold
because everyone is doing it and its kind of addictive.....solo
I feel a Frenzy coming, and this time it's WAR!
Its hard to work when my team is playing.. GO
thanks! Get home safe :)
I would appreciate it if you could share any great places you discover on your trip, thx. Safe Travels!
FOLLOW this is my personal account so follow me!! i am having a follow back thursday tommorrow!
Nah I aint that easy. If I'm feeling u I will give it to you bout 4 times a day but if not then u have no chance of getting close.
Yes sir I'm linking up with funk flex in a week
I been lost
Good to meet you Joshua, um, virtually anyway.
As a delegate to the Democratic National Convention, I cannot wait to vote marriage equality into our platform.
Good morning & Happy Monday!
It's all 4 U-If U really want it-It's all 4U-If U say U need it-It's all 4 U-If U gotta have it-Red Velvet panCAKES everyday
www.mwishartpi.com Cheating spouse,partner, girl friend, boy friend get caught. www.mwishartinvestigations.com
If we as believers display anything even looking like hate we aren't being His ambassadors 2 Cor 5:20
working on graphics and video for the new site... this is a lot more work than I initially thought it would be!
my nam is lennyn...and im a does and i did it.
only been here a couple days but I think Im gonna like it
One of my favorite HR companies is SINGLE SOURCE SERVICES. Both their services and support of the HR community is fantastic!
Members of : these 2 bad bills R not being heard this morning because of ur phone calls 2#CA Senators (who need time 2think)
I am saving up dough to buy another golden age book...maybe another Flash Comics issue or All Star Comics issue.
definitely just found pogs & slammer & troll doll in a random box at my parents. they probably haven't seen the light of day since.. 1994?
&i are HUGE fans.We have a disease called mahoniefever<3 (it's contagious!) Coming to Wisconsin soon?
My thoughts are free to go anywhere, but it’s surprising how often they head in your direction.
Blu Ivy RT : Mel Gibson RT :Plies RT :Sidney Dean RT : Who in the NBA Dunk Contest tonight?
cannot wait for the season finale of TWD...it's going to be intense
Had a great weekend chillin wit the Fam....Now Its Back 2 Rapper Mode!!!!! Go Hard Or Go Home
Did someone say $5 Martinis? We did! All day today, just 5 dollars gets you any regular or specialty martini.
we fight, we make-up, we kiss, we hug, we text, we talk, we argue, we laugh, we smile, we L<U+2764>VE each other, that's us."
God always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow & a plan for every tomorrow.
it sucks when nice people turn into incredibly selfish and rude people womp womp wooooooooooooooomp
I love ah Bytch ta tell me I made her pussy sore after sex! I b like I killed dat shyt lol
Listened to that two days ago.
I need a drummer.
Aww mama Joyce!
plase follow me i lovee you so much im crazy for you :) HAPPY BECAUSE YOU EXIST
Today EAH Immigration is honoring the memory of a loved one and keeping the Alterman family in our thoughts and prayers. RIP Juanita!
Stay Strong
MOM ALWAYS SAID you get pregnant while your a teenager, your on your own...
Go Rangers!! We believe!!! <3
There's something really comforting about "I know how you are" when it's delivered by the right person at the right time.
ouch that's not all I did
I think I might get cornrows.
#Browns fans won't stop commenting on my Brandon Weeden vs. Colt McCoy article from earlier in the week. Love it.
thanks, Luv!! How are you?!
my parents saw the manhunt mobile ad on market st. mom: "there's two men!" dad: "man...hunt...mo...bile." me: no words.
Off to get Jackson and then back to work. Damn I wish I could jut stay home and bring him for hike.
Thanks for the increased hits to my blog today! Keep them coming...and leave comments!
Going to be in Chicago next month on my birthday. What should I eat???
#artpolitics can these techniques be used against military? Styles of spectral audio or technological uncanny.
Fuck you Malfoy. That is all
I realized that I really like the word
Tonight Jason Kao Hwang and Spontaneous River @ Brecht Forum NYC 8 PM for details -http.//www.domminasi.com
This weekend's special is worth note! Try the Keys Sunrise! A delight of orange vodka, fresh OJ, cran & tastiness!
Trite admonition of day:Got 4 wheels?4 cylinders?2 cupholders?All else is frills.Don't finance & be a (yes, sing to THAT tune) poor--ri--der
That is a fantastic list! Exactly what I was looking for. Thank you so much!
Just used "ecosystem" in a slide deck. Sorry.
A Chef's kitchen is an organizational dream, with places for every tool & appliance. Improve the functionality in your #kitchen .
Someone said Tupac's been working out. That shit made me laugh.
I touch down tonight and am there till Saturday night. Let's link up and polly!
bro wake up talking nonsense
LOTS of new stuff came on the market today if your looking to rent a place in manhattan! Hit me up! ~your friendly NYC Real-Estate agent ;)
hey guys sorry I had a little ordeal at the hospital but I finally got to call and they are gonna see what they can do! Happy Vday
IHOP is introducing red velvet pancakes, I am very intrigued
I swear some people live for drama smh
thanks for coverage #NLTI social media training
I hate how Monday is so far away from Friday, and Friday is so damn close to Monday.
I'm glad you got those DNS issue corrected, keep up the good work
Heading to Bird's Nest tonight and the tourney tomorrow!
I use to have nothin..but now I got a whole lot of erthang
Tomorrow, I am taking the train to Sacramento to see my grandmother. Looking forward to seeing her, it has been a while.
Met Stacy Ratner, inspirational founder of non-profit www.open-books.org; their new literacy book store will be opening soon in Chicago.
Teaching Money Basics Begins at Home
Who will win the necklace? The anticipation is killing me!
Hot New Website www.theeroticchallenge.com. Check it out and vote for your favoriite girl. Membership is free. THE EROTIC CHALLENGE
My mom said that she was mad that the gay people took the rainbow lol. She liked it aha
let's have a Chicago tweetup!!
"Today is the oldest you've ever been. And the youngest you'll ever be."
At brewers # ondeck looks like a roving reporter.
huhum am 18 if I may say! :-D
.....off to the market
Good Luck , Hope to see you soon !
you've had sex with so many men your starting to look like one
Vince-sanity
hah yeah no argument there :)
I know it's fight night & Cinco de Mayo, but that Super moon is awe-inspiring!
The next time a dude says or does something ridiculous I'mma tell that sucka to think like a woman. Mmmhm I am.
Peter Doely, is that you?
Hey Fat White Chicks.. Who told yall Dresses and those Thick Black Wedges were Sexy?
NFL reporter joins me now on 2 discuss death of Junior Seau and player suspensions around "Bountygate".
your twitter name should be xEmxJezzyx
I got u
thanks for the tip
If just told you that I love you more than cheerleading,
Tomatillos! RT Sitting at the taco spot "in beans we trust" oh you are a beautiful bizarro & I've missed you
r u ok
was cast as Crystal in #LittleShopofHorrors at #NewRepertoryTheatre!
Thx to the 100+ drivers who are working long hours in cold weather.
Trade veras...bring in an nhl team.
And this week is coming to Miami too..
the new shampoo my mom brought home like fucked my hair. Idek what's wrong with it.
some1 asked me to audition 4 bad girls club with them... Man !... I don't want no publicity like that... #NoFameJustFortune !
yo, just poppin by to say hi :)
Big K.R.I.T.'s "I Got This" is my theme song right now. That bridge is the story of my life.
Time for another night of bartending at the cheese, I could get use to this.
Only 3 days left in 2011 ... Wishing everyone a very happy and prosperous 2012.
Your life is here today, filled with all kinds of great possibilities for joy and achievement. Get up, get going, and live it now!
I'll do it.
Just nursed 2K #Jeep #GrandCherokee over 200K miles! Glad to make it-Go God! Expect trans to give out bc it is a Jeep...
NICE collection! Have a favorite out of the bunch? ps: nice background too! :-)
Good luck & buy some mace for the crazies! :)
Haha soon!! #movember it's for a great cause! Also, I want to make a #movember #meetup here in #cleveland any ideas?
don't indulge too much before I can get there to see it!
It was a pleasure to meet you at the RT Book Fair! Now, that was an interesting room in which to navigate a stroller. :)
fuck that test
Dissociation strategy in action. Love it!
For all you out of staters, there will be a video of it posted soon after!
It's bad enough the Ravens lost, but to lose to the Patriots... Salt in a wound.
come by today to pick it up.
FAITH IS THE CURRENCY OF THE KINGDOM.....What's in your wallet??
There was a one-time $5 coupon in it for me. Call me pragmatic.
well twitter world it that time i have to get ready for work. have fun and be safe. Good Night
Dave, my mind is going. My mind is going.
So on the weekends, the posted bus times are just a general 15-minute window, apparently.
#DumbReasonsToHateSomeone Because its hot outside and there isn't shit else to do
Now why did Vicky send me coupons. We don't have one in ECity. Now I HAVE to take a trip to VA
So what two hot girls want to go with me and Nathan Barta to the prom??
On 108 - usually don't like guitar playing on the bus but today it's making me smile (thx for facilitating)
I actually got ready in five minutes then Jose doesn't reply to me -__- FUUUU
Push through buddy. But also remember that scheduling off-days are equally important (for muscle healing). No injuries.
Add me on Facebook as well Brandon Burkholder
new office in NY cost 2.6 million same office in Barlett, TN only 100,000 the savings is unreal. operating costs cut in half
Just unboxed my #Nokia Lumina 900 (Black). This #Windows #mobile device may be the phone that supplants my Galaxy Nexus!
If you're through frontin, we can do somethin <3 ;)
i dont get the point of being a hater. yeah, that sure sounds fun, lets rip someone i have never met to pieces so that his fans will >
Google-Oracle legal fight goes to trial
Noise Dave. You know what to do with it.
Ahh yes...that will be the life!! All of your work is building up to that!
Do u like Poland? Do you miss Poland and Polish fans?!
so cute.
OMG. Hysterically crying. And I think I have fever. OMG.
"I love to be alone. I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude." ~Henry David Thoreau
Ariana you're always on twitter I think the most including all Celeb's I really admire you doing that for the fans :)
445 tweets generated 742,599 impressions, reaching an audience of 174,360 followers within the past 24 hours
ah me too! They are perfect!!!! <3 <3
half day at school tomorrow, than thursday go till 10;30 get to go home and relax a long time befor my championchip game!
I thought I was already following. I am now!
#NBA Do we really care about the Bucks and Hawks. The Hawks will roll in this game.
www.theallertonhotel.com See Erin McDougald Quartet in M avenue Lounge (2nd floor) 7-11pm. AWESOME venue! Jazz to carry you away...
Great stuff, Mo. Love the work you're doing.
Awesome video Jody oops I mean Tyrese, lmao... I love it!
We All Win When You Think Local First! Stop in today to register for a free bleaching or the grand prize of a local luxury getaway!
I repeat: Washington D.C. is teeming with Corporate Whores.
Anybody wanna help me get to #300FOLLOWERS ? i only got a little bit left
#100thingsilove... so tempted to do this. be prepared to unfollow me :b
Follow me :)
congrats buddy. We got a win in honor of Jackson. Good luck and look forward to meeting him!
check your text rudeass
there's the DC date: RT : Very excited to announce 3 more US dates! DC @ Constitution Hall (7/21)
suffering from lack of direction in rebuilding his brand. Could benefit from the guidance of a creative business manager.
LOL! You so have to make a video of that! I bet it'll be cool to watch!
my mind says mayweather but I want cotto to win for some reason
RLN at #Senate #Finance Committee hearing testify #HB457 #transportation #jobtraining prep #Baltimore workforce #Redline #Purpleline jobs
I know you do, I saw you guys tweeting each other!
Dam earache......but its hump day ppl.....let's do the dam thing ;)
- Settle a bet... Was that real champagne today?
Water leak in the practice space? Screw it, we're going to the studio.
Israeli Couscous
Energy is moving quickly as we #recallwalker and bring justice back to Wisconsin in 2012
Tell your neighbor he did a good job today chatting about twitter news!
Hot tea and family guy makes me sleep good.
My Last Two Retweets Said Everything I Feel ..
my made ? or my mom made? xD jkjk
Flo Rida did amazing, that girl just ruined it.
Popcorn + Nutritional Yeast.
I'm tired of her bullshit
Really enjoyed your blog about the current & future state of the space.
I just really love how things are going in my life right now.:)
What would RFK thought of today's Presidential campaign?
I don't feel like going to culinary arts and cooking today...I just want to sleep.
daanng! Can't wait to see this 1:58!
Check out the windows of 2 of our sponsors, & when you've got the chance. They've got zinester fever!
#dontthinkmovie was seriously great! I almost had a seizure!!! Yes, I would do it again. Thanks Inge!
practice slow to play fast
ahh i cant stop reading your tweets! they are all so good and true! <U+2665>
I'm bored as fuck.
Good to hear. I feel like I'm getting better at guitar every day playing this game.
Anyone besides me a nutritional-supplement junkie? I'm profiling a local health & wellness company and find its claims fascinating.
how we ganna do this best ball with 5 people? Mike might have to be on his own team haha
Walking Dead finale was amazing. If you haven't watched it yet, you need to sit down and take the hour to watch it.
This gloomy weather can't rain on our picnic.. we're doin it in the #clinic!
I got to spend the day with Weston Noble. 'Nuff said.
Gonna dance my butt off:) yea!!!!!
Wow! NY Rangers tie it up with 6.6 seconds left in game. Love these #NHL playoff games. Overtime!!
- Hope 2 C U fri nite Shoot To Cure event at Chargers Park. DM/contact 4 details. Thx Byron!
Sleeping is nice. You forget about everything for a little while.
thanks Jim!
Weak ass #Miami stay needing these #Fouls just to get there points smh #THEBULLS WILL NEVER NEED #FOULS 2 WIN A GAME CUZ WE HAVE
It does help to have the "blend" ability. I, for example, don't feel I'll stick out too much amongst disaffected liberals.
As a male developer, thank you for pulling your sponsorship of Message hopefully received: Words matter.
TY you for the Photography Blog mention
RT : True love isn't Romeo and Juliet who died together. It's Grandma and Grandpa who grew old together.
Separate tables? lol
Playing in Joplin, MO tonight come hang! Venue address: 1610 S. Main St Joplin, MO 64801
sounds like a fair compromise, just so long as Leonard can cheer in the stands.
Thanks for the faves and RT's.
Sometimes my Best Friend gets on my nerves ALOT! And I didnt say "Friends"! only one of my best friends!!! Im not gonna call out names....
The real stars of "24 Hour Catwalk" are the sewing teams. They're more entertaining than the contestants.
The movie Deep Throat cost less than $50,000 to make but earned over $100,000,000.
I C U
please please please follow me!!!
Guys that are too emotional give the rest of us a bad reputation
Is it the same people, though?
and I had a death gun fight! And well.... I lost and im cover in blood lol
Some of them be trying to get an Emmy for background acting. Their movements be all big and unnecessary. Lol.
"Why are you so awesome?"
It's a chilly day in Dallas, TX and I'm loving it! *cues the Christmas music to start playing ;)
This is a big year for me, I can feel it!
We will miss you Elizabeth Taylor! The Sound of Music is still one of my all time favs!
writing article on FLA for library staff newsletter. good memories.
I'm just so confused right now.
When u r at a focal point in history u don't know it a focal point until it's past.
has a fantastic blog. I wholeheartedly agree after spending four years of my life in the education industry it is the next bubble.
My iPhone is like my lil bes Fran
oh, I haven't forgotten that.
thats respected bro. i didnt mean to come off like that
hahahah. oh well. & yes. he can help too. LOL.
can angelina and brad adopt me already or
Shit banging RT : You ever check out any of tha new material? if so, wut u think about it
Rain, Sleet, or just bad weather, Xtamina is your boost you upper. Check out our myspace page www.myspace.com/xtaminaenergydrink and get ...
woo hoo, although I can only remember faces for a couple
Celebrating 13 years at CLS today. www.clsdc.com
These are your LAST CHANCES to see Downtown or in BRip! 317-255-4211!
to bad at 's background on her phone is
That bespectacled bat rastard.
Scanned not read. D3 seeks experienced Billing Manager for 3-4 month contract engagement with reputable regional firm in Los Angeles. Profi…
Doc is so annoying in the morning
Guardian now has 3 x more traffic for data searches than UK Office of National Statistics
Oh my gawd sleep we can't ever have a bad relationship like this EVER again.
Toothaches are so annoying .........
Hate it when dudes act hard & talk ish about u in front of a girl they like cause they feel threatened.Lol
If you follow me here, please also follow
I'm not a name dropper. I'm just excited to see tonight at w/ while drinking
so want to see you tomorrow...what state?
and sent
okay bye
be happy, smile often #hacked (should have logged off before chem)
Why do we keep getting dogs? We always outlive them and it always ends sad. Worst heart ache ever.
Why are porn stats and fake celebrity accounts some of the funniest follows of twitter?
Is James Franco high?
Why she lying on me? I ain't never said that
The Players lineup, a thousand bucks on the line: Westwood, Oosthuizen, Knost, Dufner, Thompson, and Streelman. Play hard boys.
due to an illness in the band we will not be playing this Friday's show (6/18) at the Basement. Eric's other band, CCTV will fill in instead
There is a HS underclassman who has the US to enroll in a basketball academy overseas so that may be a test case of sorts
me to <3
AMAZING article. I wonder why all native tribes didn't keep their hair long? Curious.
ooh cool :) How old are u ??
I ate Nachos and had adult beverages; not, however, the cliched margarita. You?
summer ball has finally arrived!
Talking point: Making it easier to adopt children - Gazette Live
change of plans. Send to
One of the agents I follow posted this tonight: Abc/Disney is looking for a diversity of "voices" in television writers
You were soft and uninspired tonight.
anyone wanna buy me a car? lmao
Living Social - One of the 1st good commercials this year! U can't tell me you didn't snicker at that one...
Rob said 9:30 his time :)
Perhaps our next big Groupon deal? $50 for $100 Worth of Gas (you'll have no problems using in 1 visit)
word of the day: intersubjectivity
??: " I feel like going all the way to lau just to get more coffee but my desire to not put on pants is overshadowing that"
yes it will be, have fun with the process!
I enjoy people who talk shit behind my back & not my face. Cause that makes them so much more tougher right?
donna brazile speaking truth to power
thanks for the support
thank so for your support
the last tweet links to thoughts on book, Dreaming of Dixie and the lecture at the
this is an example of the power + importance of architecture. Beauty, purpose, + a political statement!
What a great crowd. Will try to be there.
Welcome Libby and Jorgen!
man im still up chillin at house need to be sleep!
10 Things I Hate About You , You think you so cute, when in reality you just happen to be photogenic .
Wednesday& its Taste a Grape&Groove $5.00 wine by the glass til 8pm. & Valerie Adams & the Dimension Band playing from 6-10pm
Also, graph view has also recently been updated with progress bar during load and some minor graphical/functionality upgrades.
When I see your smile, and I know it’s not for me, that’s when I’ll miss you.
10 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
30 points today by Rob Wilson!! That's amazing. Can't wait to see the badgers kick some Michigan State butt tomorrow!
true dat, i just love when they say they hate their ex then turn around and go back to them, i just love it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I tried sharing a board with students, but it seemed like I needed to follow the student first. Hmm...
I haven't been able to sleep past 8 in the 24 weeks since I've been pregnant. Lots to do today .... Need coffee!
Man this vid is gonna be dope as F***!!!
Nissan Revs Up Predators Fans With NHL Playoff - MarketWatch (press release)
I just wanna leave Florida.
yes!!!! That counts. Brunch soon. R u free next Sat?
Consider an instant home loan as a way to possibly "piggyback" another lender's credit history
Are you finally connected to the world again?
i absolutely loved my dress from you - got it in dupont wash d.c., ivory silk shantung- i recommend you all the time!
4.0 earthquake in SF makes n'tnl headlines, but few reports from friends. Unless it's around 5.0, Californians don't care.
should girls wear snapbacks?
your welcome
surprised by how many people are trashing CES. sounds like it's on the decline
Apparently I was completely wrong!! ;( Really wanted her to win!
oh shit, I have a fusion class tomorrow at 6:30am. eff.
Jus watch me
How did you Tweet from an Android device? XD
Can you believe it's already March?! How are your New Year's Resolutions coming along?
Pretty much my thoughts as well.
If I win that shit you're my new GM... if you win remember the little people in your life
#MyFavoriteSongsEver Untitled by The Cure- although I'll take (almost) anything by the Cure
on the cover of musicians friend = freaking sweet
It's the last scene in the movie Late Spring. Gaffling my tears from movies.
I need new people around me. I need to get away and never look back, My heart is very troubled
Which one did you get?
A&A is proud to welcome Evan Greene, chief marketing officer at to our corporate advisory board. Follow him
Oh cool, MariaAbroad has been featured on as Top Study Abroad Blog! Thank you so much! www.gooverseas.com/study-abroad-blogs
All the time! But I remember acting like my parents were pretty dim to the "ways of the world," and somehow they let ME live!
That's almost exactly how I feel, plus the whole "when are things going to back to the normal that no longer exists" thing
NO TOUCHING!
what channel lol xD i've never seen it
ASSASSINS WAS MENTIONED, WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON.
Congrats to RG3 for winning the Heisman Trophy!!
energy re: The Avengers at the end of cracked me up. "Assemble! Assemble! Tony Stark is in the building!" Nice.
RT : Kasten immediately appears the most impressive high-level Dodger front-office exec of this century.
If you have secrets to beating the email monster, I'm all ears!
Congress shelves anti-piracy bill thank god. Just one more bill to get rid of....
Hi Tristan, it's Amy the intern over here at La Strega. Wanted to let you know I'm really psyched about Chick Flick!
Love you too babes!
Up early on account of I have a lot of videos to watch and blogs to read. 68 applicants. Amazing. So many great moms in Seattle.
yo lets go
We love your blog!
be with you forever Thats All I Really Wanna Do
NBA replay needs LOTS of work!
Can't get a signal at all! :/ Blows
That is high on our list of options! Thanks for the info!
I will have to stop everything requiring my concentration to listen to talk about his new book, Imagine on
You heard BobUeker is having heart surgery? Off the radio for 12weeks. Tonight and the tomorrw day games are the last
I adore any movie set in the 17th or 18th Century... No matter how awful the plot or cast... The costumes and sets always take me away...
Going to see the Westchester Jazz Orchestra this evening in Irvington. A local gem in a quaint historic venue. More should take advantage!
Glad we could help out!
Perez was very impressive today
touche' my friend
Hopkins finishes up with a 6:45 stall warning possession. 19-9 #Hopkins over #stoneybrook.round 2winner of #lehigh #Maryland tonight
Indeed! Btw, did you star in your short video with Bromenie?
Thanks for the follow! Hard to squeeze in writing with all you have going, but isn't it worth it!
Thanks for the Snap love, Chris! --Glynn
Kaskade-raining and black eyed peas bootleg remixes are up. Soundcloud.com/dsdsq2.com Enjoy!
Due to the snow our downtown location is closed. Stay warm everyone!
Like seersucker? Meet us on June 12 for a mint julep.
Time is looveeee
Michael, would you send me your contact info (email) at ? List of local authors if I do Nov program.
SKYPE SUCKS! I need an alternative
There are days that I miss you and days that I don't. But either way I remember you.
#TheThreeGoldenSisters that are on Access Hollywood right now are hysterical!
rehearsing for all of our upcoming touring shows. For the schedule, check out hereandnowtheatrecompany.com
I vote Castro. We need it to dispense Creme de Menthe as punishment.
Anyone know a good hip-hop radio station in Seattle??
everything tasted better with avocado!
Its not even my birthday, an he's trynna lick the icing off.
I literally love everything in Kansas City.
For the best childrens toys and games visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have what your looking for at the best prices!
Keyed with my niggas. Lol. Happy Friday. (;
I just added you!! Accept so we can Skype!!! And I did die for a while there LOL<3
I'm jealous of ppl who are followed by
I'll always love The Beatles
Making things visible at the
. Can we count on your vote #Nov8 to help us get a #VAGOP majority in the Virginia Senate? We're only two seats away!
Why do you get to be the boy?lmfao
Dumanis says she's CEO of a large organization. "It's one thing to be legislator for three years, or for 20."
And you have one of the best looking and classiest biz cards I have seen. srsly. I might borrow that format.
Preparing for #marathonmonday!
Heyy new followers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> bout time i got my twitter jumpin again
Have you tried or yet?
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
y are u single?
RT : I think part of the problem is that we use the words "work" and "job" interchangeably.
Glee is singing WMYB next week…omg. I can't.
o sup
Nice little surprise seeing my name on the Black List today.
I'm only number 2? I must be sittin' in the front row
Same with my wife.... She is perfect, while I have lost 3... Needless to say I have been getting shit all night... lol
Yep, 6 MST. @ me when you're around :)
count. me. in.
my english teacher is gonna be devastated when i tell her that GCB is getting cancelled :(
ha! RT:If Facebook & Twitter accts make you a social media expert then I guess my toaster & microwave make me an expert cook.
why don't you get ready earlier in the day?
Thank's dude
Energy and persistence conquer all things. Benjamin Franklin
Let's hope church puts me in a better mood.
I have honestly been watching Pretty Little Liars all day... I can't wait any longer.
i'm pretty sure he's asleep right now.. haha
Ron Jeremy/Bai Ling action at pehrspace right now
Everyone on their feet at #BuschStadium. This #WorldSeries continues to entertain. These clubs are battling.
I've heard similar arguments re: food culture (recipes are also not covered by copyright). Very thought provoking.
Hello summer!!!:)
You show them #kamara! That is what they get for thinking your aren't clinical!
Good Morning:)
Almost flipped when I saw R.I.P Fergie. I love thank god she's okay. <3
PayPal? I start classes soon and Brax broke my other laptop.
WHAT?!?! Fill me in, please! Was it because they never put you in promos?
Going out for the usual shopping trip:)
I'm here, what's up?
If a cow can't eat it, I don't want to play on it.
Heckert didn't come from Philly to be a right hand man, he has final say on the roster. Him missing the combine is an issue
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 108
i'm too hungry i'm about to give up
Guys if March Madness ended right now I would totally win my bracket!
Sounds like it's going to be a beautiful day for thrifting! Get out and enjoy the sunshine ... And the great deals!
Gift wrapping, old school Xmas cartoons, mom&dad cooked lunch. Home for the holidays. :)
Hello Twitterlandia! Working on tagging place names in Paradise Lost for a DH project. Think I'll do Book 11 although Book 2 calls...
doing great. :))
messy. I'm messy.
Amen! Teachers deserve coaches!
omg i do
Work to involve your kids in preparing meals and snacks so that they can learn about healthy eating. It may be messy, but it's worth it :)
When confronting the New, one must realize rejection will be met until completion; and as such, determination changed the world...
We Buy Ugly Houses Announces Buying a Home Without Selling is Risky Homeowners that fail to move their first home prior to purchasing ano
It warrants further inquiry....
Hi! *waves wing* I like your Bio and photo :) We have a rescued black cat, too!
not a lot. About 100 left and going quick.
Asked. Answered.
Just watched Punk'd...now watching the Pauly D Project !<3
I'm still up for it!
got #so listen during spring break I cant stop pressing replay!!! :)
This team isn't the Indianapolis Colts. They're trying to win a Super Bowl.
Lay me down- dirty heads
Hi, what's up.
Love Steve Blake, loathe the Lakers. So conflicted.
Packing up this dorm sucks
i wished they would just bring home stray animals insted of colds all the time hahaha
you are too funny. How's your son?
Do you need a house band?
RT : McQuaid says he had a concussion. Said he's almost feeling himself...^BISH
Thank u doll!! RT :
Nana dont give a fuck I put the ass in assassin....smoke you childs like a blunt then its ashes to ashes...
Has the most awesomest boyfriend ever!
Glad you enjoyed!
In my bed!!! hahahhaha
thank you!
somehow i manage to make the deans list despite the partying. this semester will be the REAL test.
What are the most commonly used CRMs/project management systems in use by hi tech companies?
It's been two days and I still don't have the strength to sit down and work... But I am going to start right now! #stayfocused!
Need someplace in Charleston, SC to watch 2nite
One Direction and Directioners :)
Once again, 's best kept secret is the #quietcar. Best thing ever for early morning travel. (esp with high school groups on board!)
Thank you Crystal!
Thanks for connecting!
yes, Betty was surprisingly unlikeable for being so beautiful. What is ur take on Roger? Hot or Not?
I can't stand people who talk to me all pre calculus
I can't wait till wednesday omg
S/O to All my followers suppoting the #FreeBandsFriday Campaign u will be rewarded wit a curtsey #FreeBand friday
Lol i always comb my hair nigga!
A school bus and MTA commuter bus BOTH just blew through a traffic light as it turned red.
Knock 'em dead in my old hometown tonight! They'll love y'all. I'm buying two 3-show packages this week for 2013 concerts.
Oh. My. LORD. Schmekl was profiled in the & I died of love. HEY EVERYBODY, I KNOW THOSE GUYS AND THEY'RE AWESOME.
Follow HE'S SINGLE LADIES!!(;
Djs if you tweet every song you play at the club...smh...must be a slow night. If your killin it, you don't have time to tweet
I've watched past episodes on computer through HBO website.
he's my favorite! glad you got to meet him.
Can't wait for the new episode of tosh.0 tomorrow! <33
maybe that's cuz we're the only smart people you actually know
Are you hip to the jive? Can you dig what I'm layin' down?
Sites need a more realistic model then the flat rejection for under 13
#FF Ravens fans - Finally going to meet and in person! Starting to get really excited for #Ravens2012 !
For some reason I've had the intention to come in, but somehow just never happened. So many of our riders love you guys!
by who and what army !!
RT Me too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> RT : I am really missing my sister thought you 2 would be married by now...
After all these years, I'm going back to #Kenwood to do my #CollegeBound volunteering. Very cool!
Twitter break!!!
I will be in meetings and class until 2pm.
Who do you think has #TheWORST Internet Service in the world? <-- My vote is ! ! ! | #Clear | #Clearwire |
Personally, I'm content with #Clemson in the ACC. It's nice to be able to go to an away game and get home in the same day.
omfg i didnt know i followed him! thx for tellin me :) haters need lives
especially if it's unaccounted for by any other reason. Usually falls from standing or sitting are ok.
need 10 more followers come on people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
*sigh* I wish that I had Jessie's Girl!
Women belong in the kitchen because they are women. Men belong in the shed because they are tools.
"On the road with Dr Brian" today at 4:30 PST on WWW.fccfreeradio.com studio 1. listen in!
hey guys. Thanks for the positive review! Gotta have you back in for the chicken to prove its worth! Thanks again.
Make it a good weekend everyone - should be a beauty!
also: there will be karaoke at my birthday party. Possibility of boybandness is high.
If its not one thing its another
New posting about my latest adventure later today. Wishing you live and light!! HAPPY FRIDAY
kitchen laundry vacuum mop back porch fix clock sew apron pine pole coffee cup basket frame paperwork front porch read a chapter take a hike
Where did you play with Zigaboo?? (and why didn't I know about it?...)
But I appreciate your insight nonetheless. :)
Chris: Not a lot of turnover happening for the jobs at MHS; more and more retirements lead to not replacing a position.
Anyone going to the African American Theater Festival in DC this weekend?
BEAST QUOTE----> "One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain." -Bob Marley <3
Looking forward to the Social Business Summit in Austin next week
I hated the drawn out bollywood scene. So strange.
#ideas2action do our current policies at GU help lower barriers to participatory culture?
I don't have many opera world contacts on here. And I use my initials to have a minimal info wall. I talk religion & politics.
Back to work. Get to it.
Nuh uh! You were there BEFORE tickets were close to $100 each! They are playing at Erwin Center tonight! :)
: Apparently the former kids band Hanson wants to make an IPA, called "m hop"
Im upset with
you have given me hours and hours of laughter. I thank you
loves listening to the 'This Old House' guys pronounce their As.
Halloween Pub Crawl, this Saturday! Don't miss our 4th stop ! www.calpubcrawl.com
Theoretical ? . If or when cancels GH someday, do you think you'll stay & work with main TAPS group?
follow back? (:
Someone will want more. That is inevitable.
Timeline for brand pages. Check it out.
The Places product is back to its normal, happy state. Sorry for the inconvenience.
congrats to you honey!:) it DOES mean something! You did your job!
AH SO EXCITEEDDD!!!! look!!! --> RT Evan Peters BACK on AHS!
Hey bands, everything about the Bandcamp plugin for Facebook is exactly correct. Do that one.
na its cool where u from?
Good luck my sista....FINISH THE JOB!!! We are cheering for you in Dallas!
I was confused haha. But I never saw that ustream:o
I dont date no female younger than 22-23 period
Thanks for following us, we will have to come by and try a WalkingWaffle this w/e!
Why is it so freaking cold tonight and it's almost May...
Blow The Candles Out., Looks Like A Solo Tonight., But I Think I'll Be Alright <3
omg your avi is AWESOME <3
I won't be able to hear you if I change to Magic, lol. So, what about Jodeci?
I swear you can feel it
You're part of me and I'll never be the same here without you, you were gone too soon-
happy birthday<3 !
No, only because the furniture was already arranged that way from the beginning!
“The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.”<U+2015>Jimmy Johnson
You look better with the lights off!
The boys, the girls, they all like Carmen.
Uploading the videos anytime soon???? I'd like for other peoples to watch them soonish...
HA! I kept misreading it too!
Genius!! the girls are ahead this time! :)
We LOVE our donor heroes but remembering the young heroes - kids in #fostercare who prevail with impossible odds!
Nerlens Noel Picks Kentucky!!
Yes! Full-time students get in with a student ID! RT : Is the recreation center a part of the school fees
that's to be expected when the only way to get in is with a #corporate Amex. Lol
Got a Facebook Fanpage? Share it with me!
A good factoring company is always very interested in what you and your company are doing on a daily basis. Share your progress with them.
Coosa Valley Medical Center () is constructing a cardiac cath lab in an existing area in the hospital's west wing.
what's up??? How u been? We gotta meet up soon
Yea man. HBO nailed it. So good.
Offer fast action bonuses. If you act now, then you will also be receiving this bonus benefit as well, like a mastermind invitation.
Niggas be pressed for pussy it ain't nothin . Instead of worrying bout who that bitch fuckin y don't you get you some money .
Is it weird that my favorite rapper is my own cousin ? lol. i think not... you got the glow son. lmao
SAFE HOUSE!!!!! haha, finally
Holy shit Mike Smith. Douche-canoe to the max. Let's go Kings!
heyy when the next movie boy?? :)
Where is you?
LOL!...Luckily for our clients we believe in coaxing the body into proper alignment.
This butternut squash soup I made is pretty fantastic. I'm surprised or maybe I'm just that hungry...
Hey, an '87 F-150 4x4 might look good pinned to the wall next to that tattered centerfold of 1987's Playmate of the Year.
REST iN PEACE GRANDMAMA! Y0UR PASSiNG T00K A PiECE 0F MY HEART AWAY, THiNGS WiLL NEVER BE THE SAME N0W
Um, still so many! I would say Sandra Bullock, Lauren Conrad and Jennifer Aniston. You?;)
Debbie Clapper is our September and October featured artist!! Come get a taste of her quality!!!
lol what too mean?
It 's Time To Occupy The Dream (DETAILS) The time has come to amplify the Occupy Movement like never before. Civil Rights leaders and hea
Yeah, I felt like we all witnessed Barea's peak. Heck of a time to do it though.
Follow that 100k is not far.
Take some shots of a project you'd like to tackle or have a specialist remove from your plate. Tomorrow: Before & After
Ha, now ain't that some shhh?
oh man! steak dinners! KSU is my number one team, followed by the Huskers. Thank god Nebraska left the big 12. I felt dirty.
Justin Hartley () has just joined the cast of "The Challenger" ( )" I'm so psyched to be a part of it!
Roxy rockin them kicks lookin sexy and fine you should be on
#prayforkenzie trend it. She's a #babymahomie <3. Their doing a heart surgery. (': Pray For Our Lil Sis
lol awesome! if you get your tickets from us its like 2 dollars cheaper
yea, that's the worst. lol
you guessed correctly. :(
#DontJudgeMe because i am different from you.
it's the best man such a flavor rush
They said we would never make it ...27 years and counting Nancy and I are out to prove them wrong. Love that girl and her dog Belle too!
“: Just got the BEST birthday present ever <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>”I'm DYING not knowing what it is! Love you!!
yes I agree...it gives me headaches
Details can be found at www.ralphdouglaswest.org.
tag? Girl calm down..this isn't facebook ;P You click your tab at the tab and it shows you :)
Should be perusing Edith Pearlman's Binocular Vision, but picking apart Hamlet--skull by skull.
I applied at Yogurtland, Menchies and Fresh and Easy. Mm, so many more to go. ~.~
Just got home today was fun :)
Watchmen best opening credits of any movie hands down
Love getting a "butt dial" call, it's like reality radio!
#onethingyoushouldntdo: admit #myweakness or your weakness to be grammatically correct
You are welcome & keep up the good work!
Everyone thank Eric for the $25 donation today! This will go towards a custom tomato vine hydro system.
Thanks for the follow
did you play bball in hs?
just got to the hotel tired af
“: installing” I'm RLPonyLover on instagram.
I've been working on this beat for almost a week now, can't wait for u guys 2 hear it
Thanks for the lovely videos.
To you as well :)
You're not "the shit" you're just shit.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Guess you're just like all the rest!
what up cuz?! How you been??!!?? I'm living in Florida now, you still in louy? ??
will you please follow me??(: I love you<3
Foreign grad students are less secretive about needing to have a bowel movement. Ja
Old foreign math professor with chicken scratch handwriting. Oh and we have to do proofs.
My hormones are RAGING.
Talent show at school...today
And then good job, run away. SERIOUSLY?! The cops are gonna find your ass. You must be dumb as hell. Really though. I hate my neighborhood.
you in Spokane?
I kinda had some respect for Mike Smith before tonight. It all went right out the window with the crap he's done tonight!
"If you have built castles in the air, that is where they should be - now put the foundations under them." -Thoreau
You are so lucky!!! Congrats haha :)
I was just resting my eyes at the stoplight
She erased the National Championship game from the DVR.
If you are a #bayarea #restaurant... try Shastic to create a flashy portfolio and promote your specials and events virally through facebook!
back at rose. 3 and a half weeks til christmas break.
Thank you for saying that
haha nah i need it hot 'n ready
Next week is CarolinaChocolateDrops at FridayCheers. Hope alot of people show up,they are a great live band.
Amen...time to slam dunk this dude...
wait, you'll be in Atlanta? Come say hey!
Thanks. It worked great. Avoiding the crotch is always good IMHO.
I think both events ( ) would make a great #Denver #GNO cc:
and & are bringing you 2hrs of #love with sets tomorrow midnight
Victory Motorcycles amp Klock Werks Kustom Cycles Tattooed For Life - You Could Win This Bike - kids bikes motorcycle accessories
we'll give you good price for it as long as we can still drink #Guinness there AL THE TIME :)
Spurs are "doin' work" against the Clippers. Then again, after making 7 three-pointers in the first half they are smart for going post now.
I know - after not going out for a year, probably, I'm hitting two shows this week (thanks to of course)
click below for an insane guitar performance by the Master Mister Steve Vai
is up to talk about as her #emac capstone.
the US vacancy rate for apartment inventory dropped 30 basis points during 1Q12 to 4.9%
you guys are seriously amazing idk what i would do if i never found yall<3 i love yall so much!!!
Asus releases another Transformer ICS update
Thanks for all of the great social media insight!
Got a box of 41 posters from I hope the walls of Baltimore are ready for us...
I lost my number .. can I have yours ?(:
We can only hope. :) #Suikoden PSP Woven Web of a Century
You a lame n*gga gain ya respect up
Bob from that 70s show is jacked I thought he was always fat
yes, but due to Brees having to work for every completion.
NBC is showing figure skating. ABC, blades of glory.
lol!!! What I tell you? His first album was called "I'm gay" -_-
love it!
smarter than having Cromartie on the team
sleep 8th period*
‘structure with a vision’
typically my tour of your spots follows the Ramey. Tonight I'm following the renowned negroni. At
GM TO ALLTHE TWITTER FAMILY!!!~
Ping Pong tourney tomorrow w rained out players, ESPN televises
AH! Physics class -.- Damn it's boring :( Tweet me something and I'll shout your name in my class randomly, <3
#Facebook boosts the size of its #IPO by 25%, seeking to raise up to $16 billion, according to an SEC filing.
Old men stopping in their tracks. My 'shake and wear' clothing must be a hit.
I find that the first weeks are exhausting, then they get easier as my amygdala learns that they probably won't kill me.
you're welcome! i hope it helps x
Slight work
We had the first sighting of the Milwaukee Third Ward urban ground hogs of the season this week.
Dear Microsoft words im Pretty sure I spelled my dame name Rights. Sheesh
:( that's just culinary violence- like Nic Cage Crazy style
They want to show off the new blue turf! lol
I'm all about the Shahs of Sunset on Bravo. That show is solid gold!
agreed. rt ": Jessica Sanchez and Joshua Ledet deserve to be in the finale. Anything else is a shame. #idol"
You know it's going to be a good day when you wake up to the 1st batch of #THE IMPERSONATORS character concept art.
that is fucking adorable if your not marrying him I am
Just spotted my first NYC raccoon. Huh.
It's so pretty and big. The picture made it look small
Let the night begin!
Awww. That sucks man.
The guy who w
DJ is finally crawling!
If you follow me, you should be following
- I hear you, it's frustrating the Pac/Money fight hasn't happened. Def want to see it. Would be a great fight.
This year the Bush Tax Cuts turned 10 but half of America couldn't afford the birthday card.
Country Natural Beef Ranchers here Thursday at 10:30. Come and meet the Ranchers.
Shiiittttt, his hand would be missing today if I had been there. Oops....knife slipped buddy!!!
Just take off your fear, I'll take off your clothes!!!
people you had not known before. 12May the LORD reward your deeds. May you have a full recompense from the LORD, the God of #Torah 39/99
considering they were towing cars I would go with yes
oh my GaGa! whatever
Hey Steve thanx 4 the follow, ur the best:)
It has been my privilege to create the cover art for Russ Aimz' last two cds.
If they put this wack ass mixed nigga in my auction section I WILL slander lite skinned men for the next 10 hours
Is there anyway to improve the wifi in this room?
Pushing for to give a #sxsw2013 presentation about how to deliver an engaging presentation
About to get on Wild Eagle (:
I secretly love listening to songs that have New York somewhere in there. It makes me feel proud to live here. Yes, I know. I'm stupid.
girls with too much makeup on that got them looking like a ghost..so unattractive..
What is a "pants day"?
No heart
How good of a game can you make with #cocos2d and #chipmunk ? How about the Top Paid App right now in the US AppStore.
One treadmill in use, other treadmill broken, and hands down the worst elliptical I've ever used.
#Oy the mustache!
Milton Bradley was the only A's player worth a damn during that series. Big Hurt couldn't capitalize on his huge ALDS
Maria Brenes of #innercity struggle: youth are a catalyst for change. Education not incarceration.
Is it normal , that I don't want to see you in class when your here but miss you and want to see you when you aren't here ?
hahaha I know! I'm depriving my child lol "ya killin me smallz!" =P
I am amazed by the number of eyelash extension offers I receive every day.
$55 lunch. Check. Yeah, it was worth it
Hahha Her bro was here . :)
Interviewing students for summer research position.
ITS ON MY PAGE RIGHT NOW!
So how did tweeting in the corner (whatever that might mean) go?
Coming Soon! Either Touch Screen Tablet or 10" Lap Top for Professional Medical Personel use! Stage 2 HITECH has started.Happy Day All! LPMR
Thank you for the RT Jefferson, have a great weekend.
isn't it annoying that when directioners make a weird trend, everyone laughs and tweets it. When beliebers make one they're like perverts!ah
He's gonna be 40 this year what are you talking about
RT : What a perfect way to start your week, a Dermalogica facial starting at $35 - call now to book your appointment 550-7005
RT : Don't judge a book by its movie. (Bumpersticker)
Just discovered pandora in the last few weeks, so far so good.
Can't wait to see the Thor costume! And the other ones of course. But I <3 Thor :D
We're at the CACI & CCG Cyber Security Event learning about espionage in the cyber world, come join!
#thingsireallycantstand never tell a girl to calm down.
you gay
RT : Be brave, be strong, be you.
Hi Mary! Any fun plans for the holidays?
#5BestSmells new car, Azzaro pour homme cologne, BBQ grill, pipe tobacco, any Yankee Candle Company store
Finally at home!
he has been doing that every game for his entire career
Watching on #huluplus I love her acting & music. Hope she comes out with a new show soon!
I need to get new music.. softer new music XD I've been listening to ~different things. which phoenix album?
LOVE when that happens! gluck!
praying it gets worked out and you still get your oils. I am sure when the see the house burnt down, that they will contact you.
Matt Good left Drugs?!:((( my heart is broken
Party thru it!
I'm not lucky I'm blessed. Yes.
So between the error email and subsequent correction email, that's 16 million emails sent in one day?
Stuck in Miami this weekend might as well hav sum fun..
They couldn't have picked a better musician to pay tribute to Whitney Houston.
Not gonna lie, you're a little two-faced brat.
Sliced Strawberries with Mandarin Oranges...OMG...Don't say I ain't tell u!
I saw that one twice too!
me too, it's one of my favorite albums ever
thank you!!!
Congrats RT : killed it w. fantastic read of 's #newplay. Intimate, gigantic, & razor sharp.
yea but like 2 months ago... I hope it's a girl
i heard they got someone like the iphone wiz out in denver. ima get my shit pimped OUT.
PLEASE follow ! They're having a benefit concert soon with amazing, young artist to raise money for charity!
Off to school. See y'all later.
Happy fourth to all the American funk ninjas out there!
#iftwitterwashighschool we would be the greasers from The Outsiders.
Thank you supporting our journey & allowing us to envision YOUR dreams.
Swear i needa vacation....
Very good call!
You are welcome - interesting concept - hope it really takes off!
Nothing better than a happy birthday message from Madonna. Thank you! :-)
So I now have a team with Ellsbury, Gardner, Morse, Jennings, and Kemp on the DL. Brent Lillibridge is now my starting CF.
Very interesting. Remind me tomorrow!
"What does the dark side of the moon look like?" "Uh, have you seen Transformers??" ahahahahahaha <33
the days go by
Check out www.miracle16.com now and watch 's video "F*ck Haters"
I don't really like this song. Just the main verse. The corus is annoying lol
If you want to, that is, haha.
Jewish Community Relations Council holding annual NoVA Holocaust Observance. Never ever forget.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 54
Looking forward to seeing you! RT : Heading to Raleigh this week for training.
Pretending I am a commuter again, at
Ya imma cry now...
I 2nd what is layin down. discussions R 4 audiences, artists should learn aud reaction from watching the them during show.
Watching "The Client List" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
My son was also born with Tetralogy of Fallot.
Please send me your certificate orders.
love u 2
Got on a plane and stepped back into the 70s. They continue to set new standards for crappy service.
Hey Handsome!!! Nice Pic!
lmaoo what?? Really and i thought mine was heavier
It will be my joy to say "Your will! Your way!" #ALWAYS! :D
For Some Manhattanites, Dishwasher Becomes a Right, not a Privilege A dishwasher is something that can be installed by sellers with littl
The quality of my dot is much better now that it's calibrated and I took the plastic off the lens!
no, 4th play from scrim!
FInally opening Christmas presents. Merry New Years!!!
WEB NEWS: Effective Typography-Driven Web Design
Looks like a lot of characters are going to have speaking roles next week. Will be riveting.
he does sing too?
Ah... well no wonder. I would have loved to meet you! Next time, for sure... What a lovely small world indeed. :-)
Holy badger britches! In the last 24 hrs, Chico and DeValle's tweets are about the #DreamAct and gay rights, #Rahm's are about his birthday!
A grand slam would be fitting here
thanks!!!! That's Nick Punto diving for the ball :)
Good to be back home! #HappyinCLE Hopefully not have to go back to ATL anytime soon and ride the :D Total cluster
If you get stuck...draw with a differnt pen...
I think it's weird how everyone hates Mondays,they aren't that bad!
Thank you Lord for this midday breeze!
Congratulations. You'll do so well there. I wish you the best.
He's much more frightening than RT : all i need is for to get into this...
Hey i came across ur whole lose 20lbs in 30 days and of-course i wus intrigued
no problem! I've sent them love!
please please please please please please please please please please tweet me back!!!! <3 you!
If there are two girls in an avi, the account belongs to the ugly one.
The same stream of life that runs through my veins night and day runs through the world and dances in rhythmic measures
"eating dog food #YOLO" no -.- just no
I know & you seem innocent enough not to do that ! I saw a girt today who took a pic in her s-bra and I was like not cute
Ok ty disregard then
“: <---Got Damnit punkin I told you no pictures of my Backyard... So Hard Headed! Jus wait!” <<<<O M G! Beautiful!
What did you do today to become a champion tomorrow? #AthleteUp!
U 2! RT : Have a GREAT weekend #Goodwill friends:
The staring moment you have at a text... when you don't know how to respond..
We are glad to hear you had a good time! Thank you for visiting us!
lmao the normal excuse
I love you more :D
Inspiration is powerful
Hey Gaga I ador you. You are my hero your the reason I live everyday! I put my paws up proud because I was Born this Way! I LOVE U
How is going to join us this week Capital Studios for #JellyWeek?
can't do tomorrow, maybe next week. Let me check
Butterflies are caterpillars that struggle and come out with flying colors.
turning your beats up all the way hurts your ears.
I called peyton going to Broncos
Act of Valor is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy
"My fellow Americans, if you jerkoffs weren't so different you might be able to see how great I am!"- Mitt Romney
As soon as I have a free day I have nothing to do but when im busy mfs be wanting to kick it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Happy birthday !!! May u have many more years of health & happiness
I don't know why I am so curious to know if anthony bourdain has a big dick or not. Kind of know he is a big dick however!
coulda used a drink tonight -__-
The one I love turns out to be someone I hate
Following just to see if it still ends the same way.
AH! I wish I was with you guys! Have so much fun! xoxo
Little Women has remained a fav. My mother even gave me a purse made out of the book! I've seen the play. I could go on. :)
Our alert on LOGL is going awesome
hotel living, watching Dexter all morning. Every weekend is my weekend off.
Do it now! MOVE! I think that works for the Marines... =) Is there anything I can do to help?
sup im alfred from houston. U stay close to me? Wat skool u go to
Sure! Price of admission is some halal cart, though.
what if i have to use the bathroom. im eating my cookie who knows. xD
Game day!
Every creative act involves...a new innocence of perception, liberated from the cataract of accepted belief. -Arthur Koestler
for thurs view chatting with the yentas
“: I don't know why everyone thinks is trying to kill them. I feel fine.”
...Come in for our Blow Dry Clinic! The cost is $50, which can be applied to a product purchase.
correction has been made, thanks again for the heads up.
87% of #students want to do their best in school. How can you help your students fulfill their greatest potentials?
yeah, apparently i just started working there! :)
I got the worst hangover ever!
Hey everyone! Hope you all are enjoying your Sunday and the weather. Soak it up while it lasts. See you all next week for more great tips
no Julius Caesar
That's right, it's my 21st birthday today!
www.themoaningnews.moonfruit.com is a hot magazine that featured Yhai Portier from Houston. Go team Yhai !!!!
The thought of eating a marshmallow makes me feel literally sick
Hong Kong or New York, will decide after my holiday. Literally all unfolded about two weeks ago...too soon!
Ugh once again KEKE IS GETTING ON MY NERVES!! UGH HE SO ERKIN! SCREEN WATCHIN A**
The blue isn't doing it for you?
I would have bought it but it but I didn't have any cash on me! Next time.
#SLUH #MIZ “: About time #Mizzou lands a Jr. Bill. SLUH O-lineman Alec Abeln confirms that he's committed to MU's 2013 class”
We believe in transportation and trusted advocacy for homeless people at many/most service locations.
Pakistan suffers from narrative of "glorious past, abysmal present" and "new society must be created to move out of present."-
Drinks are on me the next time you are in NYC James :)
Yesterday I literally chased an ambulance in a crazy irrational mommy moment. Today I will give sanity a chance.
I discovered aqua-socks in my closet! Huzzah! I can't stand being barefoot any where.
Please follow back
Stopped in a pocket park to tweet. Yay, pocket park!
Thanks for the FF Michael. :))
Here's my number, so call me maybe!?
": #ThoughtsWhileRunning I hope I don't look too retarded..."
": well thank u then!"lol you're welcome.
Worst sweet tooth right now
Applying what we preach. That's the biggest challenge of the preacher. Writing messages is easy compared to that.
Last nights SURPRISE dinner from TREE TAVERN was fantastic! Thank you
you alright?
and if you fall over the slippery slope????
What other sights can I link my Twitter with to help network further? Thanks
Hey...thank you!
Shoutout to Scotlandville, McKinley, Christian Life and White Castle for making it to the state championship games in Ruston next week!!
thank-you.
Loved the love on your show last night!
Fergie is as ruthless as they come, never afraid to cut the cord w/ any player. No reason to treat him differently.
bringing brownies to my friends for Harry Potter 7
i would slapped my teacher
i hope 2012 is a good year and all that.. 2011 was shitty.
Hope yaw laket fans know its ova for yaw
Vacations, weddings, golf, shopping, dining - whatever your need is - Xona Resort has it! What brings you to Arizona?
John Travolta's Masseuse RT : Sometimes it's best to turn the other cheek. and sometimes a baseball bat to the head is called for.
HELL YEAH
We're going to the studio. Right meow.
I am not going to miss many people this summer. I'm gonna see the same damn people next year.
class about to start so..later.
Excuse me, can I see ya ding a ling, brother? I mean, U kno, juggle ya balls like the Ringling Brothers!!
With the way he drives, he should absolutely be in the top 5 if that stat. He gets pounded and I see jump shooters get calls.
EVERYBODY!!LISTEN UP WE ARE ON A MISSION TO GET TO 100K WE ARE WORKING NOW !! NOW GET TO YOUR FOLLOWING!!
we're all goofy goobers yeah!!!(: haha I love you too and tomorrow imma be telling my jokes. #beready haha,(:
thank you he was 8-22 last time I checked RT Notice how no one said Wade choked at the end...
Sorry for not being on for so long. I've just been going through a bad time.
Good night!!
Question I keep asking myself about Duke Energy's problem-ridden Edwardsport plant, including today: Is the story over? Or just beginning?
Thanks for the RT anyway - maybe it will help my score ;-)
OMFFFFFG MY FAVORITE
Afraid not, the earliest I could do is 8 my time.
RT The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow. See I like him too!
& the ultimate bacon for that combo: our Woodinville Shop's Espresso Chocolate Bacon!
Was the printer invented to drive the modern human mad?
Torrey Smith is smoking hot!
Thanks for the #RecommendedFollow!
I immediately thought WHacking day. The Simpsons ruined my brain. mt Today is National #Walking Day!
the highlight of my night was two Lil kids arguing one was saying that Is JR the other one was like no lol
Saw a Hummer with a Vegan sticker. Doesn't fit
Stop talking crap about me because you're jealous!
Thank you, Sarah! I hope you are well too! : )
I don't doubt that at all!
Add me on facebook>>> gina marie castaldi just inbox me your twitter name so i know who's adding (:
#Ifiruledtheworld I'd throw all the money In the air like confetti :]
Will this be picked up by pentametron?
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you slip in the tub and grab ahold of everything for dear life. I actually also look around like somebody saw me.
Artest?? Serious? Ok what size? Ask if he wants anything.
Comb. Comb on over baby. That's my hair style!
And she miss me do much that she pee in the bed
I swear I only typo Twitter names when I try to do
Wedding season! RT: Crashing a wedding at the Marathon Hotel!! Too much fun!
that feeling is even better than any Miss USA crown!! ;)
You're very welcome, Andy! Thanks for coming and supporting a sista in her css work :)
Its friday night im flashin niggas im on my white girl shit
All my tweets from the past month just tweeted..... lmao
Lol let her be, she's too cool just like me (;
Traditional colleges too have commenced online education realizing its benefits. Narrow in on the program most fitting for you...
hey man I just saw your message, where did you order from? We do not delivery the food, the restaurant does.
Having The Cosmo “Sex Position” Of The Day App On Your i-Phone Means You Have Too Much Disposable Income….
Self-doubt and home canning don`t mix well.
vroom vroom zoom zoom beep beep bop bop zap
you said you would send out an email yesterday....where the fuck is your email
The assassination of jarrett jack
Doing lunch at Bazbeaus #Carmel with 12 PM. All tweeps welcome to join us. Eating outside
Papa johns is the best pizza EVER...
What's good my fellow tweeters???
Days like these I wish I had a pool.<U+2600>
ediocrosy is such a crazy film!! Haha!
My first time in Kaua<U+02BB>i and *wow*. Well worth the price of a parachute.
- Sorry I couldn't make it Scotty's tonight. Had to tuck in the kids. Promise to catchup soon. Good seeing you.
Can't wait for the new Walmart Superstore to open in Poway. Bye-bye Vons & Ralphs.
too much pt plan not enough
Thanks for the FF mention!
Satisfied needs never motivate people to perform at a higher level, only unsatisfied needs. Have your systems set your people up to fail?
how was the compition
My Stanley Cup prediction is STL BLUES VS NY RANGERS...my hope is that the blues win The Stanley Cup 2012
ManU fans griping about ManCity buying a title is akin to the Red Sox bitching about the Yankees. "Hello, Mr. Pot. My name's Kettle."
Today we're talking polka dots! What's your favorite way to rock the print?
Thanks for the follow Matt. We appreciate it!
Uh... no homo
I hate chills.
just followed :D
“: pls follow Trayvon Martin's mother -- who just joined twitter. #HoodiesUp”
Gail I wrote you and ask you about employment is it so bad to ask you for work where is your heart
Wyatt Earp on the mound for the
HEY MAHOMIES ! If you want to be part of a Christmas present for Austin tweet :)
#20ThingsAboutMe; 4. I'm extremely stubborn and difficult to convince.
Agree. RT They should just put Xanax in our water. so many people will be more tolerable.
Very interesting day in Tallahassee walking & talking in the halls & offices of the Legislature for the Film Industry
RT :RT: My CIAA Weekend started tonight.CAABJ Networking Reception@ Aloft Hotel & Cigar Bar@ Blake Hotel!!!! :-)
yeah man hit me tomorrow so we kan holla....
Couldn't agree more on the Shiner Bock! Cheers.
RT : #ff My future ex-girlfriends: and
Aren't there city permits and clearance issues involved when conducting the experiments?
It's so hard to get to follow me.... #FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE ?(:
Tip well in front of them?
Jeff Tweedy just asked someone to put mittens on because he was clapping so loud. Wilco show. @ Riverside
Playing NBA 2k12
what's against NCAA rules?
The Trend of Virtual Call Center Jobs | Outsourcing Philippines
Jaded punk rock skunk.
what happened?!
"After working on this story since 2002, I still don't know how my mother escaped the Nazis." -Howard Reich.
#sportsbiz executives team up with #NSMN to fight #cancer. Industry survivors to lead effort: #Donate @ sportstacklescancer.com
Happy? "Happy" is a word that makes someone said
=TIP= If u choose 2 buy your books online, make sure u r ordering from a seller that is relatively close if u r in a time-crunch situation
I'm Tryna Chill With Whoever Today, I'm not Staying Stuck In This House !
my probation officer think it's ok 2 judge me, he mite get reported 2 JESUS, that's my daddy & he not gona let ppl do me any kind of way
It will always be the Florida Room
Paris, France. Take a chance. This romance makes me come alive. <3
Should I or should I not buy the 6-week package? I'm thinking yes.
i miss you too mamas, get out of jail soon! Your number one of my people I can count on my hands.. Hehee
Google: fixin' stuff that ain't broke, since 1998. (not a complaint, just an observation--new version of Docs is definitely an improvement)
Kiss, a contraction of the mouth due to an enlargement of the heart.
Yeah! My dad rarely compliments me, so it meant a lot! <3
Remember, when school feels overwhelming, we will all one day die and this won't matter anyway.
Let's be honest, what does it "count" for in the first place. Can I trade these things in to pay rent, or get a better job?
“: hit me up cuz what u doing tonight?”Peanuts Is Throwing Me A Party!!!
Our birthday is the 26 my mom turning 50 and me and Mikey both turning 13 sweet!!!! :)
Tom Brady. Brady led Pats to #1 seed. Rogers good, but today proved GB has stronger supporting cast.
#Thankful for my Keurig this morning, since my apt is about 50 degrees
At job #1 trying to have a great day.
no Patterson park... Bssc
Will be visiting the come game day. #RCTID from your homegrown #Portland #Chiropractor. Go #Timbers!
is my hero<3
Only a few more tix available for me! Get 'em while they're hot!
creepy tweets to . thankfully, he'll never see them lol
Whats gud twitter this ya boy YOUNG MANTRA showin that WISCONSIN LOVE TO THE WHOLE World. Whats hannin?
I love Austin and Alex's smile <3 But I think everyone does. If not you crae-crae(; -Brooke
Lame. Lame. Lame.
I feel so ugly today :((
Go #Rangers (:
have asked to reset password 4 times and email does not come to my email box.
The winner on this morning was !
ok, I see it now! never-the-less, Thank you for your clarity!!
Soo tired now off to get some rest<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Saw Bucky Badger at the #UW Homecoming parade. I said hi to him, but I don't think he recognized me from the fun run.
Q1 Worldbook always got more usage at my public library, the last year's set was a circulating copy
lets go :)
Happy!!! And slpy!!!
Being a belieber on twitter is amazing. We know things about Justin way before anyone else does and also, beliebers on here are hilarious.
If you have signs, paper goods, or apparel made and your logo is redrawn, ask to purchase the vector files. Own your files, own your brand.
Footloose man that was a good movie I really want to go to prom now
Completely thrown by diff looks of judges on #TheVoice tonight. Cee Lo? Is that u? But Christina looks flat out hot.
An Odd Future show getting shut down by police isn't really news at this point (looking at you, every indie music news publication)
Great presentation this morning Thanks #smbmad!
"you look like an art teacher on spring break in Daytona" - on denim skirt I found during last closet cleaning
A wise & knowledgeable teacher, philosopher or scientist will always point the student to the facts, sources, evidence, questions & research
scramble scramble
stfu we just got a round of margaritas off the old timer
its stormin ovr here in VA.... i hate it wen it rains, its kinda depressing 0__o
saw a herd of deer on the way to school :)
Winter? Isn't it past your bedtime?
can you dance to my beat?
looks good. Fascinating articles.
Are you going to put that on ur merch?? <3
Last Sat. 112 plots built and filled in on 1 day from 8a-4p Pick up the next Bay View Compass to read the story this Sat.
too many bad hair days back to back.
On my way to a horse show. And its raining.
THATS WHAT I SAID! But everyone is all "He likes you" just because we made a lot of eye contact >.<
Feel better. You are 9 times more likely to die from a TV falling on your head this year than winning the Mega Millions.
I love barber shop talk. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0088>
Every country song is the corniest one.
But you said it wasn't all that shocking because we know more about head injuries now. That makes it more disgusting/shocking.
We officially have hergirlfriday.net emails thanks to So Legit! Send some love: or any of our first names.
oo la la..
that's when you poped up as facebook common friend. Too cool. We'll have to do lunch one of these days. :)
RT 14.6 million Americans smoke pot on a regular basis....
Lol when do you get out?
did right after tweeting. Still no reply.
Want to bike from downtown mpls to the but maps keep telling me to take University ave - any other routes?
My rule this summer is I'm only going to read if I'm doing it in the sun
Happy Birthday,
tire trouble must be a cry for help, our cars need some major tlc
I missed you tonight Madonna I was having creative spiritual moment with my music. A chance to sing with you one day..SUPERB
somethings you can never undo.
I do not need "friends shadows" who are only on my side when I'm shining ... I learned my way around, once again, too busy being happy ..."
Thanks for stoppin' in! Did you get to squeeze in a game of bowling? RT I'm at Southport Lanes & Billiards w/ 5 others
thanks for letting him now, Walter! Stop playing video games, Nate! . . . unless it's research for the story you owe me
headed out for a walk in 6 minutes :)
straight nasty!!!! UGH ...
Water! Such an amazing thing. Nothing more enjoyable than a long shower :)
North Korea says about 30 people died in flooding due to heavy rains late last month.
Historians and climate change was intriguing, how can public historians help fix the cultural causes of climate change?
BEAUTIFUL day here in NY! Now...where is this "blizzard" that was sweeping across the nation...? It's warmer HERE than in Texas!
and all those ridiculous songs about love..are clear to me
“: Ever been so ticked-off at bad or rude customer service that you walked out? MSG ” we live in a rude city!
this is absolutely embarrassing. tomorrow is going to show whos really here to play and whos just going through the motions.
"A Tale of Two #Clouds" from Martin Mickos of in 10 minutes!
High of 65 today. After yesterday's sunburn fiasco, i'll take it
Lugging multiple guitars and an amp through the rain to an audition.
There is now an NFL player named Nick Toon (son of former Jets receiver Al Toon); I guess Al did not foresee a network show with same name.
yo put the crack down Mike is the Godfather of today's success. If MB is cancer, Chip is Herpes
Gamification: just add badges?
NEVER LIED..
what do you all think of my new twitter background?
We picked a winner for our latest contest! Lydia won her own Kate Middleton Inspired Engagement Ring...Stay tuned for our next giveaway!
Hey, - can somebody please kill the pop-under ads at philly.com? They're so 2000 (and annoying, and make me read the site less).
When publishing in Articulate, I am getting a zia12345 file instead of a zip. Ideas? Help!
yes! ;) you know you can't resist the bogmaster!
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)13
how would the work - u see a bunch of replies that no longer make sense b/c u changed original tweet. is that ok?
TAKIN EVERY OPPORTUNITY TO AGGRAVATE THE HATERS!
We had to CALL to get somebody to the window!
Feeling disgusting even after a shower <<<
what do you think?
S.W.A.G.= She Wants A Gentlemen <3
do I get birthday sex tonight?
That has been my foremost thought through this whole process. It would fracture the whole party, and be so fun to watch!
RT “: "I'ma put it down, you gon' fall in love."
currently in love with two members of . . . and <3
almost 500 views *thumbs up
Out and about to see Caroline Walker at her studio AND Susan Tollefsen. These two ladies are some of our most loyal designers!
Greetings from Albuquerque! I am finally starting to get settled in & will be posting more in the days to come. Woot!
thanks. Life is full of surprises!
I'll keep dreaming until my dreams become reality.
": Singing keeps you healthy, exercises your heart and lungs and releases endorphins that make you feel good."
Journalism is YOU and all of us. “The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance.” Nathaniel Branden
The majority of my tweets are about work
aw don't worry, I know I'm perfect in your eyes.
Buy a book as a gift, not a e-reader gift card #makeitpersonal Why not buy one from our used bookstore?
Laughing at (with?) my husband, who is more than slightly obsessed with tweeting. No, there will be no video nor delivery room tweets.
SoloPiano.com is now on Twitter!:)
oh no! I should know this, yes?
New Jersey follow he's a genius we need the support to put Jerz back in the limelight #brickcity please retweet!!!
Rock Band room! Rock Band room! Rock Band room!
Day off...have things to do, but no motivation to do them.
Great #Bulls win last night! Let's keep it up!
Wondering where Simac's #GetawayCar is today? She's been circling the office in Antigo. What about talking 2 voters?
Praying for you, not great at jokes :+D but much better at praying XOXOX
Wtf": Back in 1919, the Russian transplant pioneer Serge Voronoff made headlines by grafting monkey testicles onto human males."
I am not a Selena Gomez fan, but some of the people out there need to relax, it doesnt matter if Justin tweets her a happy birthday!
what are you doing
Storyteller Jill Scott. YES.
If we're driving and Bohemian Rhapsody comes on the radio, we will act out that scene from Wayne's World. NOT NEGOTIABLE
bitches gonna ride with who they thinks a winner , and I'll be smiling incase they take a picture <U+270C>
Teams back on the ice for the second period...
not to mention Nyjer was thrown out at home.
Jupiter .....RT : Pluto “: Im gone too the moon”
is she ok
And now the GooglyMooglyBots will attack!
I heard Rihanna's "We Found Love" about 10 times today.
gave up about 3 seasons ago.. Enjoyed first few yrs.. Loved Susan with Mike.
Keep your head up gorgeous. He isn't worth your time or your tears. You were happy once without him, you can be happy again.
Possibly from the Nets, should Deron walks.
haha it's on YouTube now tho:p
Some litte girl just said i was ugly. Fuck you litte girl & where are yoir parents with your diaper bag?
I kinda go for the Jane Eyre type of film. I am fascinated by classics. - Tippi Hedren (Actress)
Right now fat Big Eye Tuna is swimming around North Atlantic (Boston area). We got beautiful fish with very dense fat. It's amazing flavor.
Ooh! Is that what I think it is?
someone cheer me up or give me some sympathy or s/t
Have you heard the new Killer Mike yet?
that's cool....
Slacktivists are putting up cartoon characters as profile pictures, which somehow end child abuse.
#BeautyOfIslam is all it's made of and what it represents.
my boyfriend tkn me out to eat.
Looking for a good-yet-ambient videogame soundtrack to play in the background while writing. Suggestions? (?)
just voicing my opinion
Loved her! She should've won, amazing voice
phewf. on both counts - glad we can hang in TO again & glad you weren't elbowing in on my licorice jellybeans from
You should check out what we do! Ent Mag shouldn't sleep on this!
I'll come find you shortly. RT #SIC2011 who's here?
1. it's often used in docs as plain old ellipsis; 2. looks too much like .. which isn't a valid op; 3. suggests something 3-tuple-y.
On behalf of small busines month ABP would like to donate 30 page per minute copiers to non-proft organizations. While supplies last.
2 days away from picking up the DVD with the fixed sound, picture, and score! Pushing it to get it to Sundance, but will do!
lol it's all good i'm not a thief, you'll get them back (:
thanks to Senator Mike Skindell for his endorsement@
Pancakes as sedatives.
#Turkeyday is almost here- This yr we're giving thanks 4 all the support & love for TGB! Tweet us with your fave way to spend #thanksgiving!
I used to do that when I was 13... My couch, bed, pillow... Fridge “: #fuckeverything”
RT : U.S. Military Veterans and spouses are cordially invited to a special career fair, March 28th. Register today:...
so I trust you with a lot of stuff. How does it feel to know that I can tell you everything? :)
So, really, now that I'm not all migraine-y, and now that my nephew's project is done, SERIOUSLY, ROD WILL BE UPDATED TOMORROW.
I don't know why I do the things I do sometimes. It will pass so please forgive.
Sure! Great protein and energy. Hope you can add a little more than cashews to the mix! Cheers!
Check us out today at 4pm with Shawna D on Power 109.9
my new apt has one- don't know how I lived without it.
thanks so much!!!! :D
volleyball in an hour . another day of practice . another day of soreness
Thanks, Dan! :)
i just noticed natural video has over 2million views :D
oh, so you just waitin on a call back
good morning everyone
We are proud to present are new and updated site! Please check it out, www.rx2you.com
bo! Although I don't live far from the mall. lol
Laughing out loud at songs cause they suck so bad
Taxi line at WADC airport is like #vegas lines x2....and not half as much to enjoy.
I can't relate to my ebony princess' troubled tweets about math. I am asian
#notfeelingwell someone cheer me up? :)
beautiful photos, thanks for sharing! :)
I hate when people say ugh I woke up early today I'm like shut up you don't have to wake up early every Saturday nd Sunday
Are you a LEAGUER? If not, become a member of our organization today and multiply the mission, which enhances the movement.
“: I don't know if my stomach is growling cuz I'm hungry or if that's my liver crying cuz it's the weekend.”
and you know something was wrong when you say "i was the only one who showered" ;)
:O THAT'S TRUE OMG I'M SO SORRY GURLZ
Work all day. Dreaming of big things.
Thanks so much. Ugh! Why do I talk with my hands so much?
Happy BELATED Birthday love you so much! sent from 's Video! Love you
He makes me happy in pants:)
my aunt spent a whole 21 minutes talking to me about cleaning my room...now its time for school.
Wow!! By far the best #FoodTruck out there. Your Meatballs are better than ALL Italian Restaurants. The #MacnCheese was amazing!!
#whydopeoplethink Im obsessd with !! I'm a dedicated Mahomie!!
your still pretty(:
We want to know what's on your Xmas list this year?
What u on
The red sox are the most overrated team in baseball.
omg i love 106&park i realli do
So you mean like with record labels?
Me too. I've been into fairy tales and fantasy all my life.
Just finished a short but sweet band practice.
EXTREMELY productive evening, did some mad drawing, made a super swick beat, now i'm gonna go read my self to sleep. so wizard!
": The #Packers have released Nick Collins, according to agent Alan Herman." Such conflicting thoughts, like Sterling Sharpe.
I figured I owed it to ya to follow you back!!
The longer I’m in college the shorter my attention span gets. Currently it’s about half of what it was when I was ten.
thanks for adding me to the list!
I Think I'm Going To Leave Early
OMG AUSTIN IS GONNA DO AN AUSTREAM A :D
Thanks for the retweet. Hope to see you there....
S/o to the women playin yall position
thank you for the shout out, though! Just keep the other on the down low! Lol.
Dang, that was swift. SM, ftw!
Merry Christmas love you Miah:***
TY4M! : Thank you for the mention!!
you'd think they would have thought that too when they picked it for sec tournament. Oh well it is what it is.
follow me<3?
yeah, I know, right? It's not a film you need to own, but should watch every five years or so.
Really?!? Last I heard, Starbucks was only at Arlanda...
1mil party people in Boston... Join us for a live performance by & Tour DJ tonight
I always loved Big Bird because he reminded me of my mom. In the 80s they kind of had the same hair.
yeah girl!
I'm starting to suspect that "Girls" doesn't actually exist, it's just a fabrication of the Think Piece Industrial Complex.
just finished the fault in our stars. really good book i recommend it.
i knw when i see some fuuny stuff i laugh
RT “The value of his [Carroll Shelby] business advice has only been surpassed by his friendship." - autoMedia CEO Doug Hamlin.
Saw them with Tribe Called Quest, HelloNasty 98, best thing I ever saw.
Is there any such thing as a cheap vacation that does NOT involve camping?
Me without YOU is like a shoe's without laces, A nerd without braces, & a Sentencewithoutspaces. <U+2665>
it gets old
Everything just fucking hurts. Life must really be hating on me.
would rather that than a dirty glass
You're welcome!!! Yes, it is! Cheers!
Mind you, I'm not calling *anyone* a girlie-girl.
Doing it right now. LOL
best song has to be Under the Bridge. Classic tune.
thanks! On the road now
"I love you, but I don't want to date you." I wish these folks would talk louder.
oh not much just hangin out enjoying this weather! And yourself
T-Swift is a lyrical genius.
Cherington is sure that Youk goes back to third when ready, but hasn't talked about what to do with Middlebrooks yet? Lies
My gym has signs w/gems like "Please flush toilet when done" and "Close your locker" and "Dry off after using shower." (Really)
When the mood strikes, a Yanomami man might sit in his hammock and give a speech to everyone within earshot.
Just ordered my own book, but they raised the price on me! :-O
love you too rt “: i love taylor gourmet, whatd ya get??”
you should! they're the sweetest & love you even more because the know you "saved" them.
Hey... this is Christina Palladino with ABC5... did you get any pictures of the accident you could send us?
LOL. I'm a big Maybelline/Covergirl fan! But I don't need Ulta for em, that's why Sephora has advantage. Many brands are exclusive
No taming me you know I'm off the fuckin chain!
Pickup Line: If you and I were Squirrels, I'd store my nuts in your hole
u kno ur ass is walking! U ain't gots to lie craig!
Email?:/ that‘s okay. I changed my number. :(
Never take a person's age or proximity to retirement into account when making decisions on hiring, firing, pay, benefits or promotions
I've been a fan for years. He's just... people don't get him. And they're afraid of what they don't know.
bitches that get NO dick get mad when females getting some.
Way to go Andy!
It doesn't get better if you don't think better,
Just done facetiming with my handsome boyfriend,
#salute u workin doe
Choice btwn productive and service industries. Where does the importance of good, practical self-management begin? A) Here and now.
GM! Luv the positive! Good morning! HAPPY MONDAY! It's the BEST day of the week...a whole five days full of possibilities ahead.
Any word on why Lock cancelled this upcoming series?
This is a nice pic, btw. Your hair is very well-behaved :)
What's on tap for your weekend workouts?
yup :D did some good beatle drawings. :D
Congrats!! RT Our #hcil was just inducted into the #chi2012 CHI Academy! A big congrats Ben B!
Ah. I'm using chrome on windows. Any ad blocking or JS turned off? That might do it.
Does Your Music INSPIRE, Give HOPE, ENLIGHTEN Or Show A Better Way? If You've Been Down & Out & Got Back Up Then Speak Up & Show/Tell Others
Well this suckss wont see my daddy till saturdayy :|
When you receive a DM from me today, dont open it, delete it now! Wicked spam!
lalalaalala so bored
Girls Who Treat Their Man Like A King Are Cool
Catching hell to get to East Memphis on Winchester from 240..
French press coffee and finals papers go oh so well together.
Preparing to finalize this short film. ALMOST DONE!!! Can't wait to see what happens with this.
- So, that's what she calls "it" ! prefers to call mine "Steve" :)
Spinning tonight at Big nose Kate's from 12 -3 21+ only
Ya you can sort of beat Jimmy Nielsen with that sh!t?
Thank you for the RT! :)
I made it in 4 on the Greyhound last year and I felt he was driving fast. But maybe we were stuck in Thanksgiving traffic...
If you're in El Paso, check out tonight for their release party. Oh, and also buy me a cd.
I totally would...but...no
So apparently a tree fell on Villa Mantia and is currently sitting in John's room? Thanks STL weather.
The pain of the truth is much better than the bliss of an illusion. Celebrate moments of truth.
NBC: Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell endorses Mitt Romney
keep an eye on the dates for The London United Film Fest in early 2012 for a UK world premiere screening of Act Naturally
lol i love your icon
How about this weather?
Starting to step into the new part of my life........
": Jean Ralphio is in this club. "Baby baby baby, are we calling everybody baby now? Cuz I love that, baby.""
hey you told me to kick you
alright my Trojan...how did GB do with Perry?? I typically like what u send our way ;)
I seriously need to stop eating so much junk food. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
ah man good luck girl I know ur getting it in!! I can't wait to hear what happens - keep me posted! <3
okay...doesn't mean I couldn't get the invite...nor asked to play
I don't think it will really ever catch on unless it becomes built into Mobile OS. Opening the extra app is enough to dissuade.
So, is #Miracle the best sports movie ever made?
I don't feel the same way I once felt about you, I need to figure out what I need. I'm sorry.
i need a new ipod! my old one is really
Happy #Digitalsisterhood Wednesday! Thanks for the shout =)
Holy crap #Megatron!!! 8year $132 million. Lord help him stay healthy and wise with that money. Wow.
I mean... Locklanders who wants to take me to BMV** tomorrow.
thanks, John!
#IA2011 Interrogating the questoin "what is knowledge?" is an important question for CE worldwide. And what does this mean for graduate ed?
living fatty/salty food w/o concern for the animal you're eating doesn't make your palate sophisticated or you a connoisseur. just a slob.
My account was hacked. I've changed my password which I hoped fixed it. Let me know if your still getting spam.
I don't feel like doing anything today, but some moves must be made
Same Here , so It's never too late until like you walk across the stage Graduation Day . lol
Thanks for the follow back! Have you checked out and ?? Thanks!
Hey! This is very CRAZY, NEVER SAY NEVER
Follow me on Twitter I follow back!
thanks for the follow and !
Every day, in every way, I find I "need" an iPad more and more... #iPadIntensifierRay (via )
study hall... where you talk the whole time ha gotta love my byx brothers!
Don't mind if I do... “: Beer! Keg! Now! Hopalicious! $4! 16oz!”
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it. ~ Andy Rooney
Classical night is my absolute favorite!
Going to pick up Allison!!!! :D
Is looking fw to this evening. :--)
haha i like that, the lion from now on
who u playin with? MAC league??
the Intrideans are pretty cool!
You think you better than me cuz you "straight-acting"? Fuck that. I've been out 10 yrs & ain't nothing more beautiful than a proud gay man.
Vendor neutral citation is awesome! As long as there is an official version online that someone is responsbile for!
hey girl. miss ya!
I really love you <3 Hahahaha.
Smh ppl really live there lives through twitter
Another quake in Tulsa!
not to be too crass but where do I find ur rates
Was going to see Lion King in 3D on the September 16 but this girl has better things to do that night. :)
I really don't know who is going to win.
RT : Tomorrow 1-3pm Skype open day for MA in DH: there are still some free spots, so get in touch if you want to talk to us
anyone in the MPLS / STP area know of any good #xmaslightdisplays? my wife and i are looking to drive around and look at some on SAT
so I was at this presentation today and I SWEAR you have a twin.
Domination of earth is good. In the meantime I'll settle for 2 art sales and a fish taco.
So I heard bad by on the radio, & I totally lost my shit. I mean I freaked the fuck out like it was my own song.
Damn, and made for a very funny live-twitter-feed of the Republican debate tonight.
Did you know i love the color yellow? Yes Y E- L -L -O -W I smell sunshine, Lemon pie, baby girls giggleing, bright fresh cut YELLOW daisys
Weird to see pumping up Chris Paul one night, then jumping on the Rudy Gay bandwagon the next time out.
Potterheads and Starkids are definitely the best fans.
well the 5 run inning makes me feel a little bit better I guess.
prince pizza
You's wanta see something funny go to YouTube type in "Grandson gets brain freeze" it's so funny
Doing the final tweaks on the new site. It's looking GREAT! Finally go live this weekend.
Another NO, but still optimistic... Just another NOT YET
Yeah:) Chicago, IL.
Just 6 simple characters...: NO H8!
Off to cheer practice. I will follow everyone back and answer any questions when i get back! love your love. -tori
Optimus Parentibus => To my excellent parents, a common dedication in a book
I think I'm liking Bing slightly more than Google- only problem is that I don't have Bing toolbars installed so it's harder to get to
Important for me, at least. Gathering ideas & info for posts on my blog I'll be launching on Adv, Mktg & and SoMe Law.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read. ~Groucho Marx banner #FestivalofBooks yesterday
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Friday 03/30/12 is Ian, Sally and Dan!
So not in work mode. The students are gone and I feel like I should be too. Not ready to dive into major summer projects yet.
I'm good Justin, miss being on here. We're building lots of new stuff for clients and it's fun but moving fast!
Bitches be bitches.
This is really annoying me -.-
Afghan museum highlights country's Buddhist heritage - The Express Tribune
That's why Dems, despite day2day issues on their side, will never truly run Congress,
It's an Alaska thing “: Levi wins another news cycle.: RT : Levi Johnston gets another girlfriend pregnant
bueno... time for me to try to take a nap... bye for now
WOW the #xfactor Is really boring tonight.
Hmm got a lot to think about
Hershey makes kisses and they also make hugs...with hugs and kisses no one needs drugs...Happiness is Hershey Kisses and Hugs without drugs!
Jack And Rose werent real people )': # TitanicSwagFail
Yes, videos will be posted to FOSI YouTube channel soon after the conference
Gonna Start This New Jump Program Today! "Air Alert'
thank you frances! <U+263A>
Ed said democrats will whip republicans in nov. Is he delusional or just fucking stupid? Plus his book sucks and will BOMB..lmao.
Saw NBC's Bent tonight...really liked it :) And pleasantly surprised to see ...got to meet him at a #Cougartown meet & greet!
So anyone going to see the #CBJZam today in Dublin?
25 years ago today Mark McGwire hit is first HR as a member of the Oakland A's.
M, sugar! That is how I like my sugar too - with a little coffee. Maybe with a splash of vanilla or caramel syrup too. :)
and I should have appended 'today' to the original tweet. Sounded too permanent when meant for the day
- thanks! Playoffs start Fri and kickball starts next week. Kind of excited. You should come up for a weekend!
Wow, the refs woke up and called a penalty on #Michigan! It's a miracle
iknow.. But omg my legs hurt
minus 5 cool points for admitting to still being an American Idol fan.
If Braxton miller doesn't have time to hand off where would Joe bauserman find time to pass it?
Damn Miami heat...
Attending the famous Washington Hebrew Congregation's Sisterhood luncheon today and looking forward to seeing some old friends!
I'm There All 3 Nights! 5 clubs
I was popular af in elementary.hah,now what happened.
watching #DWTS with my 3yr old, she says - "Mama, where's the rest of her dress?"
How does one set a coat hanger on fire?
tell me about it. <U+E415>
cool RT : INTERN's #fridayreads: one delightfully battered copy of Daniel Alarcón's WAR BY CANDLELIGHT, from a penpal in NZ!
You are the best 12,002,724 right now, can you tell him he reached
Hey there!! Will Do!!
I wish my banjo sounded like Steve Cropper's tele sometimes.
Carrie talking about Google and their focus on best user experience vs monetizing every angle
&#39;Reasons Why You Should Study In a Christian College ...
Yes yes it was!
Interesting article. Universal design takes LEED to the next level paying closer attn to "feel, see, hear" our environment.
Rode to school with
Good news: I'm in love! Bad news: I got fired. Can you say "mixed emotions?"
Please assist w/referral for Instructional Designer w/AVATAR and Captivate and Articulate in Atlanta
Damselflies in Roswell, near water lillies at the Nature Center—their wings a hum and a blur—their colors too much for our visible spectrum.
Let it go man that was along time ago. bad thing happen when playing sports even with a little yellow weighted flag.
we were talking about how much we missed you & how we have to come visit you! it was talked about!
Why's Bieber Smile trending when it's Fenway's Birthday??
Hope everybody has a fantastic weekend, and be safe. Remember to hug the ones you love, and smile to those you don't!
400 followers! Thanks so much you guys! (: ~Soph
Hope Mo is ok. Hadn't said welcome to the Yankee family yet. Welcome aboard. You're doing a tremendous job
Aweh, she's so cute. <U+2665>
You know you're busy when you don't even have time to commute.
That mothers day commercial by the #Olympics makes me want to cry .
I HATE this biology assignment. ITS SO FRIGGEN BORING.
#WhatMakesMeSmile when I'm upset and then I hear my favorite song.
Break a leg!
What take that back -____- lol
o.O
I am honestly a lil scared to bring a child into this world.How can I instill my values when we living in a world like this?
"specific cellphones" were hacked to only pretend to be turned off?? Only way I can see not being BS.
For some reason #sherylcrow song is in my head...I wanna walk in the sun...
Yay! All are shows have been amazing! :D I still need to see The Secret Circle!
DreamFace 3.0 allows you to build Web 2.0 & SaaS applications quicker and easier and to deploy them on-premise, in the cloud.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 49
cool i'm already soaked
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry. Bill Cosby
You should never agree to surrender your dreams
DJing a Party Right Now for Icewood's Older Sister! It's Going Down!!!
well that's just not very nice...but at least I can say my team has a chance to hoist Lord Stanley's Cup. :-)
“: "is that a bottle of ketchup?" "I don't know, probably"”
Now that we are are out of the dark, it is time to start the weekend. We are open for business. Get in here!
How do you engage visitors' (wrong) beliefs about the past? See my panel (1st session) Truth & Cherished Myths: Authority & Empathy
me too Lansing
i'm gonna cry.
I'm with fool eatin ice cream then we bout to be out on r bikes
We are only able to offer merchandise at the pep rally, we will not be selling the day of the game.
Ok might be a little gory but damn the characters are great & the acting is stellar!
Illiterate Ass Females <<<<<
You’re crazy, I like you, but you’re crazy..
Hard to photograph a "Smell" on the other hand a "smel" might be doable if I knew what it was?
And again today, another person encouraging me to move to Austin.
haha I thought I told you! Have you seen zoe yet?
via : lunch with Bill Kules today at NGS.
I completely agree with you
Why is the third hand on the watch called a second hand?
Cuddled up with my babe. Can't think of a better place to b :-)
Q: You know why God is a man? A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
nope. its just like idk hes just annoying and keeps asking me for pictures. he started texting me when he was drunk:/
One Tree Hill is airing it's final episode this Wednesday. If anybody cares, that is.
Can I see your headphones real fast?? Uhhmm..... Suure.... End of class period in 10 minutes. Wtf. Nobody can use them ever again.
“: it's nice to meet you too. I just watched your youtube vids and....wow holy crap you're really good.”
I'M TRYING!!! RT : Someone needs to help me get out of Illinois.
I don't know. Not much can compare to All That She Wants & Sign. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
CEO Chris Artinian will appear on today at 11:30am PST to discuss all things Morton's.
day off w/ babe...this means back to reds for me =p
What won't u put bacon on???
Just realized that one of my tattoos has a subliminal message about smoking weed. #sweet(:
i kissed austin before. it tasted like... paper.
would you like me to make a WeLoveGhostMIW? I have another account with 300 followers I barely use anymore it was for the old
Great ideas are a dime a dozen. Success is all about the execution of ideas.
What am I doing Tomrw
Free throws are the key to victory!
I stil got faith in my #BULLS #DoItForDerrick #3InARow ... and lets be real #Philly sucks
Ok, I shouldn't laugh, but that IS funny.
We re-designed our site! Take a look at it: www.iheartmusic.com and give us some feedback. We'd love to hear your thoughts!
the lawn needs to be mowed. for the first time this year....
Good Morning!
Monday, January 30, we are starting (2) 30-minute challenge classes...stay tuned for more details today!
Seeing extremley hot guys in random places and realizing I'll never see them again. Until that awkward day when u c them like a year later!
RT : Dear iPhone owners: please change your ringtone from the default. | Nope. I'm a proud defaulter!
Take 5 min. & let your clients know that you're grateful for them & for giving you a chance to work with them! BTW-Thx Infuze Clients!!
ok so r u a fan of selena or a hater?????she's amazing
awww that's a bummer! We love and miss you all. Best of luck at your show!
I might have a new favorite reality show with #thesingoff. Killer voices. I could get used to seeing every week!
Day 2 of Vertical Reality. Love love love this weather! So grateful to be a part of NPCC. Who'd-a-thunk-it? DJing for the King!
im here lol
and I just tried to cake care of as many customers as possible until you got here! Welcome, by the way.
lmao okay and I dont care lol they can come
I just miss my plane but it ok im stay cool it just a plane
RT : "[AltMetrics] algorithm self policing since data is open" <-- Right: no more done-in-a-corner...
Why couldn't I have been miraculously born with a British accent?!
says: "if you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.”
u deserve it for all u do for others! You are amazing!
10/2 Dessert Special: Old Fashioned Sugar Cream Pie with Cointreau Cream
Orioles need some runs to win this second game
Dinner With Foreigners!!!
#Celtics win 90-84 over the #Hawks, holding 10-4 edge in OT scoring. Boston takes 2-1 series lead into Game 4 at the Garden.
LETS GO POWER! Power @ New Orleans tonight at 8pm!
Marchand is tripped and the #Bruins will have a powerplay.
No problem man. I'll see you on Monday and we can say hey.
lol that was funny
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of hand
its a good day when you feel no pressures and your dog is cuddled right under your arm.
#preach RT : Dear god if you cannot handle your liquor/beer do not drink<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Babysitting a pretty awesome baby and loving it.
Yeah, that's a thing. I still feel like I have to apologize to people for the Crusades.
how many times do you get to see the President speak live in person?
mom, fuck you.
Had a an awesome final walk thru for the event Saturday night. join us if youre in SD. www.revosandiego.com
DO NOT(!!!) open any so-called BBC videos circulating on FB about the killing of Bin Laden. It is a virus. Spreads by just opening it!!!
Wondering how is doing. We owe them a visit to talk some baseball..
Funny. Thanks, now its in mine, too. Just followed them on Twitter, should be interesting.
hee hee. I should have had more.
Brb going to cafe emelia in bridgewater nj to stalk nick~
I bet Manning lands in TN. He knows the AFC South.
Because We Love show tonight at kuppajoe!!
I'm sorry. People are dumb. But it could be worse
gonna be a busy day
Thank you and I was trying to point that out to you, but you're blinded by your stupidity.
thanks for the retweet, Andy! I can't play a note of music, but the guitars in the Gibson factory store are crazy cool.
Have a great day also James :-) RT : Thanks for the #FF! I hope you have a great day.
got my belly button pierced.. it kinda hurt.
of OCD like mental illness. EOM
Of course I will, Meg! Can't wait for opening day, it's gonna be a great season!
lmao LAME RT ": "Anuptaphobia" is the fear of staying single."
98 cappers posted so far today with 2 consensus from their picks on the Warriors & Mavericks
...instead of just from church. Liberal education at that. Im often frustrated trying 2 talk bible w/"church learned scholars"
RT : REMINDER: #SportsPRchat tonight at 9pmET. Hope to see you join us!
RT : DC101 will be here tonight 6-8pm giving away tix to the Chili CookOff! plus CAPS at 7 and Country Night at 8!
Thanks for doing that. I'm actually not teaching next semester, however.
Thanks to , , for their highly entertaining readings last night. Couldn't have been better.
hell yeah!
I haven't been to this clinic in like 2 months :o
RT : ...and who says that money doesn't change people?
hahaha.....totally worth it!..have fun.;o)
and I have no one. So don't come at me
Jay Bilas is acting like a complete d-bag tonight. He thinks he John Wooden. You are not as cool as you think.
When pundits were saying campaign negativity was keeping Ind. Gov. Mitch Daniels out of presidential race... (cont'd)
Federal tax credit ends April 30th! $8,000 for first time buyers. $6,000 for repeat buyers. Check out our home listings before its too late!
truth be told Im a freelance artist my Avi pic i drew up myself.. If you have an assignment Ill do a few demos 4 you to choose from
Couldn't agree more! RT : Hashtags I can get behind:
Anyone want to buy a #Kodak patent in #Roc? Now is the time to invest if you have the money.
In Florida tomorrow night! Right now in LV, Nevada
"Hey, sorry I never responded. I ended up quitting my job & moving to Israel to become a scuba instructor." - best opening line of an email.
: Last show tonight at the headhouse in south Philly, 10:30. $7
if you would of did I would of told u dontcha think um duh....
thank you!!! Your food rocks our world.
I'd beta/crit 4 any of you 3 even when in pub hell. You guys got mentions in 3 Wishes. How could I not? How soon do you need it?
Never underestimate the power of a Burrito...
its simple, John Boehner hates children and America
I also saw you looking at yourself in the rear-view mirror ;D lol
A fan isn't casually liking a team then bashing them. It's riding or dying every second with them. A bond. Pens give that, so give it back!
Happy first official day of spring!
Excited to hear speak at #nyu tonight as part of the Reynolds Speaker Series! cc:
Hi Julien, arriving soon on the 22nd would you like to make an interview date? best Ilona
In 2009, Scott Cramton decided to publicly offer murder mystery event services, which at the time, was simply just a hobby
Stuck on the NJ Turnpike. The trafficiest traffic of all time ever but totally worth the trip.
Happy Mother's Day to my Moms and Mother in Law! Word.
jasmine u dnt no where i live
lemmme find it(:
I need someone to come pick me up from GA today or tomorrow.
Bitch, you don't deserve shit from me.
If u dont wanna smoke u aint gotta babe im rollin up by myself tryna find a way...
Rich, good to connect with you. Hope to chat further.
haha correctly is a big word. & its ok (:
Love starting the day w yoga. Happy #Fitness #Friday!
Sweet! I heard about these micro loans this is excellent thanks!
I looovvvee you
If a girl can spit like a guy, I know she's a dirty fucker... And I want some.
“Never doubt that a small group of committed people can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.” - Margaret Mead
count me in!
Young white guy with a sign asking for money in flushing. Ain't no Chinese grandmas gonna give u $$ fool
I was born by caesarian section, but not so you'd notice
Early working on new projects. Got to love it!
#FF Happy Friday
My hunger for pancakes trumps everything else. Nothing will taste good besides pancakes.
*Gettin' Cocky* i noe sweet Ambayy that wassup I do y...I mean I got you Well thank you, your not bad yourself :b
Overly muscular females <<<<<<<<<<< lol
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe is when you brake up wit someone an she keep askin u how longits goin to take u to get right
Yes, 90's songs tonight!!
My Visual Anth student poster's are due today. I seem to have made a lot of students sick since tuesday. Finals week must be going around.
Ever seen the show "I almost got away with it" ?!?! STUPID people!!!!!!
Can I close the door of my office and take a nap? Would that be inappropriate?
im so happy for beyonce and jay z love how they said they were having a baby
#AncientAliens is sorta presumptuous. I can no longer believe anything that The History Channel says.
Happy Valentine's Day!
When you get a hold of me, tell me that I'll never be set free.
maybe we wouldn't be so angry if we had straight hair.
Surprisingly (and embarrassingly) difficult to give out free books - should I blame rain, traffic ... ? World Book Night fail :-(
Friday night, my head hurts, time for an IPA2.
STAYED UP ALL NIGHT RAPPING ON THIS LIL UGLY MANE TRACK
#sxswi #3ScreenMin What about HOW they want to watch it?
aught what did you say?
McCaskill will vote against the Demcratic FY11 budget proposal because it doesnt cut enough and the GOP plan because it cuts too much.
I love Saturdays, little work, little play, little relaxing
: Cookie stickers on the way.
That show was just the right balance of whimsical and dark. Loved it!
lol that's some real shit!
Be sure to come out to our Easter Eggstravaganza Event tomorrow from 1-3! Check out the events for more information!
sweet... *wink*
right u are! Thanks! I checked my commorative teacup
God will never put you through anything you can't handle <3
And the sight of any females.
not using twitter again until everyone gets the Casey Anthony schtick out of their system.
i want them!!
Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday dear Windiiiiii... Happy Birthday to YOU!! ; ) xoxo
you can but not perfect. Love you as all Broncos.
But yeah, if we play the Clippers, it'll be an easy sweep. Lol
HAHAHAH that guitar is $7,998. I don't my mom's gonna buy me that..
argh, someday i will carve out time to read them! i refuse to see the movies until i read the books. :)
you as well. my travels were safe, relaxing now in nashville.
I am trapped in "IM" hell- whomever said this much technology was a good thing?
The worse thing about being lied to is knowing your not worth the truth.
Long homework "date" with 2 boys from L's class. The project is done (thank god.) 11-year-old boys are...confusing. Let's just say that.
Thanks to the people selling on got my cd's today, blaring all night long #AMAZING !!!
Hey everyone! ASO is having as general body meeting tonight in Hughes formal lounge. See you there!
Know of a local business in New York City that we should be following? Tweet us at
I'm on Skype! Hit me up so we can chat(: I'm open to everything...
ABDC DAY!!!!!! WE GET TO SEE THE BOYZ AGAIN!!!! :D
#BlackMamaQuotes "I SUGGEST you shutup and sit down somewhere talkin to me like that!..."
That's my point. They're jobbing him out. He needs a single push, and yes, a World title.
At least this gives you the chance to finally catch Santa!
Ready to fall on my face and my days not even close to being done
Making bracelets >>> :)
"Go You" #Cigna great vendor table and rep! It's Monday Night...Casino Night!
I need to be asleep right now, but I'm at work. DAMN
is always pushin' for us.. thanks darling <3
:) tears of joy, finally seeing my nephew!,
i hate that my parents are practically vegan. My little sister cried when she opened up her eggs and found carrots/cucumber slices.
7:30 Dolphin mall. Movie: Hunger games! and Stefanie (who isnt cool enough for Twitter) Sneaking in Popcorn!!
Hey guys, I plan to start updating about new things, old things, and everything in between that I find noteworthy! Hope it's useful!
that's great to hear... and HUH?
Ah, the narcissism of the young. Unfortunately, too many never outgrow it.
and it took me 3 minutes :) lol
u should be damon horan
She called a body foul from half court? #really???
I hope everyone had a beautiful weekend.
Walked from 55th and Folsom to & back. Reward = Soul love by Bowie and an Old Stock Ale. Oh! Coltrane's Favorite Things. Bonus
Thanks! I intend to!
Check Out My New Product Line....www.prbymeka.com (Ages 18+ please, thank you)
Love the event. Thanks Matt! “: Just chatted with Evan of awesome guy and great story! #lbam”
awsome homemade airsoft machine gun vs. an apple apple !
It's the best flavor!
Wiscy will save face for us....hit the money line!
So, I've developed a taste for beer...and lost my taste for coffee. My world is turning upside down!
Why do I feel like my bday is so close when it's actually til the end of July -___-
It scares me.
Oh, yaaay you actually got a Twitter finally? hahah.
#Hawks I feel bad for him knowing he will have to deal w/ same team next year w/ JJohnson n JSmith
Groundhog Day!
I think it's so cute when girls call me Deezy. ky00t <3
are you just starting your day or just ending it?
Clients to have their automotive sales leads needs be handled distinctly,as well as your side as the provider of their needs
Dude, Frank "Pepperoni Canoli" died? That sucks!
You need to change that.
Any of our Twitter twitter friends like FREE stuff??
looks good in his skivvies, I don't think he should give away Mike Chiesa's best moves - bad form
A great sunny day inn #vancity . I must of brought the good weather for .
Hoping to add 6 new recipes by the end of the week, including the Dunkelweizen we have on tap next door! (It's delicious!)
what's the best day to get an abortion?
Got call from us to get a subscription....um, we have 2 coming to the library now...someone needs to look at their books
awesome seeing do so well on #thevoice alum kicking' it!
If there was a prize for most frequent RT'r you would win! Thanks so much!
Not yet, there were lots of singers so it'll probably be a minute. I'll let u know! <U+2192> any clips on youtube of #whitneytribute?
725 tweets and 725 followers. Same Same. Check it out, it may never happen again.
ever occur to you to sponsor Coachella? with a hippie leather twist...just thinking outloud
Who did you say it was who said "modernity is when you go to the town over there and see that they do stuff differently"?
..as mine does you. Cheers! *clink*
Congrats! I'm in too.
Do you like lady gaga ?
I'd like to go that J. Cole & Krit concert today
writing sessions? U mean like short stories?
thank you! :)
We're a week into #outwritejanet...what does your word count look like?
ha I don't know why this cracked me up
M... little late for work today... This is what I get for using a 1.5 year old for an alarm clock!
I Fear no man. Because No weapon formed against me shall prosper. In gods name we pray. Amen.
JERRY DIPOTO NAMED ANGELS G.M.
that's a heads up play by Flower, but you've got to be careful here. Parise has been burning people on shorthanded goals ALL SEASON.
Good Morning, thank God for letting me wake up to another day #blessed #thankful <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
i decorate your fucking outfit with red dots I'm not photographer but I specilize in Head shots
Kenya couldn't pull off doing a ReRe joint against anyone especially latrice.
That #Nicopanda couch is awesome
Lmao! RT Your momma's so fat, she was born in June, July and August!
Hey!wats up!
Which picture!?
o man! havent listened to this in awhile! Have to tweet it...John never gets old
When's the next SongTasting and is East End involved? Feb. wines were exquisite!
Always a true friend! Thank you TWIN! <3333 nobody is like you :D
Passive tracking will be future of high-tech, social fitness. Systems will provide such value that we'll want to provide more data.
that was probably the best reply I've got on twitter every second I talk to and about you guys I #losecontrol your amazing!
Some people's idea of what constitutes "brief..." isn't.
- will do - are you in Denver or The Springs
Using #googletranslate to converse with the busboys at work because my Spanish is Mucho rusty! Its a fairly accurate translation tool. #Win!
Jordan Kohout will be back at UW football practice tomorrow. Kohout was the starting defensive tackle at the start of camp
and Bryce Harper as tonight's hero? WHAT!!?!?! Wait and see!!!
I got a lot of followers some how and I don't know why. It like happened over night!
Photographs of your loved ones, your beloved pet, your truck, your car or even a Harley Davidson --We will digitize them all for you....
pfft I've already been in Texas.
RT : #Sagittarius Your efforts aren't necessarily in creating something new;
"Love is the only shocking act on the planet"
Maybe that's the problem. I looked up the editor and it appears they are no longer cutting. A huge loss to horrible storytelling
Santa Barbara Zoo here I come.
yea me too! I was so ready to stop, drop, and roll though, just in case.
just because you saw it on wickepedia doesn't make it true.
RT : I enjoy/value that the #kanban community continues to challenge itself. I hope people continue to critically examine the ideas
C'mon Dirk, that's why you curse at the refs in German!
It's not Christmas, you whore.
Movie recommendation is George A. Romero's "Dawn of the Dead"
I KNOW<33333333 I AM SINGING THIS ALL DAY TOMORROW(:
"Don't feel special. I only keep your number in my phone, so I know not to answer when you call."
Evangelical Christians and Goth dating site owners seem attracted to this Twitter acct. Both are missing the point, perhaps.
Ok its finally time for my bed since I have to be up in 4 hours! I really need a vacation
Some dude said he was too drunk to walk so he had to drive lol
Youth rally tody @ bishop cant wait!!!! YEEEAAA BUDDDYYY (no i did not get that from jersey shore i said it way before they did im original)
I've been meaning to go professional myself.
Word...will do.
Study shows that people who often eat chocolate weigh less than those who eat it less often.
lol with these tweets
YEA!!! When the last time we held a conversation
Going to watch the avengers tonight :)
Fair weather friends are never gonna support your music so don't ask them to.
I have friends that have lost their mother and I just wanna tell them we can share because I know that feeling kills them.
this is ahacked account no longer follow it
You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
Later tweet peeps.
Thanks for stopping in today!
TONIGHT: #CincoDeMayo party at Hooligan's in Webster hosted by w/drink specials, games, & prizes incl a trip for 2 to Cancun!!
I'm performing at a firehouse in Jersey tonight because dreams do come true.
I am Kim GodsGirl777
I'm hiring, people to change the way men shop. Custom clothing by appointment. Contact me.
your so blessed with your music.your like freakinn amazingg.I wanna meet you again someday! hope all goes well! Love U
dear please stop the conquest to publish my playlists on Fb. I have to opt-out twice a week on the mobile app! Abt to move to
Dare to dream. Dream to succeed. So once you succeed your dreams will become reality.
yes it is just like your height lol jk
it just needs some body work. Which might be done by the end of the month. #winning I pay for everything myself now. #need$$$
Are you watching the #goldenglobes tonight? Should be an exciting year, lots of good films
How can anyone think Bert and Ernie are gay? They're just two heterosexual puppet men sleeping in the same bed, while being fisted 24/7
YES, DITTO!!!! One of my 10 favorite albums of all time! “: JFC THIS ALBUM IS SO FLAWLESS”
omg!!! #shane and #randall became instant walkers and they were moving pretty fast... Wow the walkers are evolving...
Ha but u not right doe
WOW! RT : I once made a pumpkin infused vodka and made a cocktail with coconut milk
#truth RT I don't care how cold and grey winter can be.. I'd be so unbalanced without it.
: RT : Guys... Help me out and follow my bud ! He's amazingly talented and tomorrows his birthday! :D
At this juncture, is the MVT of 2012
youre lucky I didn't stay down there cus you know me and bo would put the beat down on caleb
Does anyone have a web-based list of all the different ed technologies in use in classrooms nationwide?
WOW!!! What fun! What was happening in the Shepherd School for his attention to be so focused?
took the bus.
Ok we dislike the fact that they aren't showing us what's happening on the screen!!
You can do it :) a lot of outdoor plants seem easier than indoor ones.
You should post more... I find your posts from two years very interesting
I love singing in my spare time as well as playing an occasional match of tennis now that the weather is great.
Denial yeah that is your first stage now he's in the stage of self indulgence... remember criminal records are forever
Gimmee some beats I can frat to
Someone's off their meds. Your mentally out of your league. The only tyrants are the GOP. How much you hate freedom shows.
Shift from task to purpose!
I don't get why you keep sending me a happy face
Thanks, lady! Let's chat tonight! RT Shout out to my Baltimore lovie on her first day of her #biggirl job! Good luck
Saw tosh Saturday, suite at the ranger game last night, Ron Paul tonight, moving Friday. Damn good week.
Its so hot out .
Fire at Solomon-Jones Antiques. 52nd/College. 7 IFD units respond. Only injury seems to be me tripping over lawn furniture through backyard.
At the hospital in a wheelchair , with a boner, all the Spanish nurses have tig ol bitties !!!
i was gonna go out tonight but i think ima stay home & go to sleep early smh
What you talkin' about Willis? You're at Squaw! What, theres no snow, or you're not a skier?
Sad story. Unrealized she had the greatest love of all; an Agapai love from God. 4give me 4 interrupting ur thoughts. Xoxo
I wish you guys great success!
Tell your followers that is the fastest growing car club in Dallas accepting new members NOW!!!!! Challengers, Camaros & Chargers
Dexter kills Miguel :/
Remember when P. J. McGillicutty Jr. Stepped down from Amalgamated Moustache Wax and Whale Oil, Inc.? We will weather this too.
OK. Also, would you care to donate to my cousins fund? He's 9 years old and was diagnosed with brain cancer. Anything helps.
Sophisticated ignorance; write my curses in cursive.
Well jus got my flight booked for Puerto Rico June 28 so Texas gotta put up wit me fo two more months and then San Juan betta be ready lol
he going to follow me because i adore him
hey! im comin 2c u guys in july7 :) you'l c me in the front row i promise ;) & imma be at the venue blarin stwof in my car at 8am!
When wierd arabians follow me
yes. I see that if the entity was for profit. Maybe, they should request a seat on the board to decide how money earned is spent.
be the change you wish to see in the world
thank for following!
Juliet is the mockingjay! No way!
And win octuple crown “: agrees Rt: : So & I agree Kemp will hit .500 Bud thinks 50 HR/50SB.”
Your money worries are over! Your new job will bring you a huge increase in income. - Play Alganon
New clients and our office is cranking away. And by office we mean hunkered down in the basement sippin on diet pop.
calm down brad you're already married to her...for now.
recovering from an apparent bout with the stomach flu
Bought Twilight yesterday and am half way through. What a contagious read!
did u miss school
People should want your product. Locking them in with UEFI and PKI means you have failed.
Give me a break with that tweet. So incredibly ridiculous.
Halloween stories every Saturday night in October at Stanley's Pumpkin Hollow in Hanson. 6 pm Save some time before or after your hayride.
this is awkward...
This is an exciting week for us! Wednesday we will celebrate our 1 year anniversary AND Krispy Kreme's 74th birthday!
Ceviche Demo Trace and Trust discussion Paiche Amazon at NE University 11 am
you're a pretty sweet guy. thanks, buddy.
I'm done wit chu!
i have trouble getting along with people who don't like dance music. it's a personality flaw of mine, i'm aware.
-Still(unfairly)keeping me @ level 1 when I should be 6. Haven't been a Not so Newbie since day 1!! -Have 16 badges& 43,000pts.
: "I don't underestimate the abilities of the 5th grade to do anything!" If we empower students w/ opportunity, they'll respond!
When I see at Warped .. I think I will it myself
that's cool (:
are you trying out a new joke?
My bestfriend is a stubborn ass.
scratch that... His socks<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
hahahahahahah #whatislife. Tell your mama I say happy mothers day and give her a big hug for me
alone thank you : )
You know you need a weekend when... you grant Adobe Connect access to a bunch of staff instead of the program they really need access to
twitter lists seem to be broken? I can't load the tweets in mine...
1 day till the ap test. Stress.
serves them right. (glares at )
and smith/davis only needed a minute.
Dumb and dumber>>>>
Lunch keynote with Tim Westergren, founder of Pandora.
I need both
On the way to airport number one of the day! Fort Myers has been AMAZING! Goodbye wonderful Florida friends!
WHAT HAPPENED? :o
#SAPB meeting in 309 tonight! Then at 730 tonight!
I'm more of a MLA person myself :O) “: You know you're a writer geek when you're reading the Chicago Manual of Style
Know what dogs have snapped at me? Beagles and labs.
Congrats Shane! You are Thursday's #Bobcat contest winner! Direct message us your address and we'll send out your album.
I'm effed!
what's up?
hey thanks man! We are excited and appreciate all of the support! #Pittsburgh proud!
I heard about the restaurant but never went. I lived in SD in the late 80's/early 90's but never went.
HEY HELP ME GET MORE FOLLOWERS PLEASE LOVE YA <3
It is. Almost as awesome as Philly!
for his bday tomarow & he might not see it
#Celtics fans, get your buts into the seats at That is all.
lol I mean it..Atlanta...just got back 2 days ago..we don't leave for a couple of weeks to begin tour season ...where r u?
and #euroCHI continues at #GVU. Talked with the #blowtooth guys!
Go choke on air or a banana for all I care.
have our conditions changed? does the separation of art/market need a specialist?
buckles. Just fyi. Its now a fad here in the states. Thanks Wollowitz.
Keep up the good work, I'm glad I stumbled onto your site.
Arnold Swartzaneger had the first action figure
": I don't need a certain number of friends, just a number of friends I can be certain of."
Exactly right on both counts!! #philanthropy #planned giving
please follow! “: I wonder if I can get to 1500 by the end of tomorrow. #POETRY #Aspie #Aspergers #Autism #art #ArtPhoto”
Eric. Sweet high school letterman jacket.
Arrived in Knoxville for 's #Soslam This might be the friendliest town/conference ever.
Showtime for Anti-Bot Code fo Conduct!
im sitting here drinking a mojito :)
That'll be my excuse
a hundred motha lovas can't tell me notin. I bees in the trap, beez beez in the trap
People often become actresses because of something they dislike about themselves: . ~ Bette Davis
not at Pembroke anyway
Grateful for the confidence and love from strangers who are helping make this project a success
thanks for the follow Amy. It's a beautiful day in the OC!
Up early to drive to #Yuma for a day of meetings with local media.
chris Jackson!
The Players starts tomorrow right down the street and I'm, we'll, eh. Am I losing the mojo of the short grass? Perhaps I need to tee it up.
RT - BOTH OH MLB teams get wins: Indians (6-2) vs D'backs...Reds (4-3) vs Tampa Bay Rays. Battle of Ohio starts again TOMOR...
It feels like fucking chicago in NY right now, fucks up with this wind!?
The sun is shining in socal! Protect yourself with Patrick's Sunscreen!
“: i need a shot of ice cream, stat.”
If the videos there don't have everything they should! then either check out here:
I hear birds... and I love cookies.
I lost a little respect for Rodgers when I heard about the new restaurant...
How is it going guys? Will be here for the first half then have to head out
definitely a cool opportunity but yeah $45 is a bit steep.. im down if you guys go, i think im free
Can't believe February is half over! Where did it go???
Congrats to athletic trainer Aaron Leu for finishing today's Boston Marathon in tough conditions!
starting to revise second ya novel -- big problems to fix. sigh.
Awesome! Thanks brotha!
like in November.
": You rhymed up with up, girl with girl, and stop with stop. You're the next 2pac for sure. #killyourself" < I feel ya!
How's Your Day Going Love's?
Beautiful Designs,Quality Construction and Exemplary Service.
People are like stained glass windows. They sparkle and shine in the light, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed.
MIAMI! :) RT : where you going?
Dmv in Henderson is not very busy so if u need to renew a drivers license or apply for one I would get down here.
The Staples crowd has NO reason to boo the Lakers when they were more lethargic than the players.
glad to hear it! Thanks
I don't get bitter. I just get better.
Elementary students have been sharing gaming tips for years. It was really only a matter of time for that to extend to other pursuits.
People on the train are amazing. amazing. Oh, btw, sorry for spilling the drink on you.
Best thing I have ever seen in an All Star Game #Heathawesome!!
awesome to see he's doing so well :D
Ah...that break was so peaceful and non-internet-y.
IM NOT STUPID BRO. I AM SURE OF IT. i like ducks. how interesting is that?
sent g
Reading Outliers-by Gladwell-enjoying the insights. About 1870 time spent in school was deliberately reduced to save minds=summer vacation!
Evidence as to why food bloggers are the best! :) RT dear blogger, you tagged a cheesecake as breakfast. i love you.
Let us know if there is a shoe promotion event this year in #DC!
another tweet about nutella.
RT : Don’t sit down and wait for the opportunities to come. Get up and make them! –C.J. Walker #quote /via
if you're out there, I'm at the Buckeye Grill. Alone. Nobody else. At all. Come quick.
Yo if everybody everyone of my real friends atleast do me a favor tell errybody they know to follow me ill post this with youtube link later
Im a need them to fall back off my JEEZY he ain't did nothing to them
i miss My lovely family :(
Thursday Wikipedia objectivity: "Franklin like many Western Carolina towns is the home of many hardworking and respectable citizens." [+]
I can't even think because the gardener's leaf blowers are so loud today!!!
time to tighten up!
What I would give to be home right now..
thx for the suggestions, more names to be released soon! Keep em coming as vendors will be bringing in guests as well!
I can read these you know!
Friday night working and griping 96ST AND 5TH gotta go people see ya. GO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
i love limes..
My fav formula = vlookup ... we use it all the time when doing data comparision, but it's a tough one to master at first
R.I.P Adam Yauch, a brilliant mind silenced forever. Hip hop legend. Beastie Boys played in memoriam.
i have no idea what's on my zip disks either. shame :-)
by : preseason camp. And I hear he has a chance to make the squad. Leon on 1 leg is better than Robert Swift on Big Pa...
......ops.... hhahahaa! oh well, lol she was happy. now she sad. lolol jk! she gucci! haha,! but come tommorrow then ! :)
Everyone was criticizing me when I said Knicks needed to trade Amare before deadline. He is USELESS! No D, LAZY, Not smart on rotations
ah same here with the finals :/ Big Bro.
The forecheck is the new "trap defense" for the Devils. Completely shutting down the
I just finished off our tournament schedule. The website will be up soon with complete schedule.
I just realize I haven't tweeted in a while...haha I just did :D
U Rap or sing
Merry christmas. Happy birthday baby Jesus....Wishing Lijah enjoy the best christmas with you aswell Lord...i love u both
I have! I really love them, but I don't run in them. I like to spread out my toes by walking in them after a long run :-)
just glade its a hoilday listeing to spin raido online. :)
*sad trombone*
Thanks! Randy's recipe is incredible!
We just gave our official, final farewell to Iowa-bound, colleague & friend.. Aaron Weiss. KGW will miss you. Cheers!
DAMN MEMPHIS! THEY BLEW IT
Oh you know same old shit different day way to hot its 90 and lets just say I would rather be in New York than here
love the hair Hot Thang!!
I make her scream.
I didn't lose anything last night...... Proud of me
interesting point: Over 180 yrs, workers here were both paid and enslaved. Terminology gets tricky. Thoughts?
After the NYS Legislature established UB on this date in 1846, future president Millard Fillmore became its first chancellor!
that is impressive, but the customers are insane! i guess it's actually called "hardcore pawn".
I'm constantly surprised how #swchat topics fit into most of what I do. Thanks for that!
Come on 4pm, I'm ready to be off from work.
RT : Wanna know KC better? Follow this crew!
aha! so very old. interesting how dates throw us off.
Getting worse... Idk if driving home is a good idea... Oh well
Spam or not, anybody who can figure out a way to e-mail me from the future *deserves* my money.
"Running gives freedom. When you run you can determine your own tempo. You can choose your own course and think whatever you want. Nobody...
Me getting my braces off>>>
I still wanna face the spurs in the playoffs.
GREAT SHOW TODAY...catch the episode on www.worldtalkradio.com Variety Channel THE HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW....JoAnneh was amazing!
“: Congrats to UMD's Jack Connolly, brother of BU captain Chris Connolly, on winning the 2012 Hobey Baker Award.”
2 more likes come on ICONiacz and GRANDerz we can do it!~aSHLEY
on the writer side or as a customer? Please email us at and we will get you sorted out.
Wanna wish my best friend Rosie a happy birthday?? :D
Congratulations to my friend, , elected today as Kentucky's new State Auditor. 1st of many victories to come....
yes and with the last text i cried:'(
man, katy perry's "ET" is a TERRIBLE song. absolute schlock. and i actually really like her music, most of the time.
There's nobody like him
Be still my beating heart! I believe I found a kindred spirit in you! Looking forward to learning more!
Pretty mouth...but it keeps an odor. Who's the winner?
So true --> RT: : #TypicalGeminiTrait Love learning new things but get bored very quickly.
says that higher ed newsrooms should build affinity and assert relevance
I somehow just got the blue screen of death on my Iphone after it fell less than a foot, and then proceeded to restart.
Last one "LET'S PUT THE HIP-HOP NIGHT ON A SUNDAY. WE'LL TAKE YOUR $$$$$ BUT WOULDN'T DARE ACKNOWLEDGE YOU ON FRI & SAT NIGHT"
We have 2 nearly identical political parties and a media pretending there's a difference
That awkward momrent when the voice doesn't fit the hair..
Plate, no. Saucer, no. Glass, yes! (Dishwasher Tetris) Can now run a full load.
Hey hey ! Welcome to Twitter! :) <3
#itshardwhen The Weed Blows n the wind
Tons of October birthdays...hit me up if you're trying to plan something, I got you! 480.612.3337
Haha. Hardly, Tony. Hardly. This is why I need to NEVER watch sports. I bring every team I watch bad luck.
better not change the password or anything
A lolcat went into a bar/ 2 see where the cheezburgers r/ u cannot haz that/ sed barkeep 2 cat/ now the barkeep is sporting a scar
sorry to hear this about Hayden christensen. has filming started yet ?
diet coke > coke
MY MOMMA DUN WENT AND GOT SUM iNDiAN REMY #LAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWD<U+2665>
We REALLY need to get tickets.. Or I will legit be off with my head. D':
Just had an amazing burger at kumasi.
I have been asked to be in the Seattle Dream Team for Tunes-for-Tots to raise money for the Make-A-Wish foundation. Ready to go!
s/drug tests/drugs/gc
#WhatYouShouldKnowAboutMe... I'm the biggest fan you will ever meet. (:
I can honestly say I'm the best kisser (;
what's up happy holidays.
ok Thank you #muchlove :)
the husband with the gun thing is an issue
what up!
I'm off tomorrow and Friday...
ATTENTION Food Truck Gathering at The Baltimore Museum of Industry Friday the 13th from 5-10p Beer, Wine, Music, and Food
you have a girlfriend now? :)
me too. Ive got a 42% and dropping...
who is this?
The worst feeling is being around a negative that doesn't appreciate anything.
In non-liver-related, positive news, my anthology appears to be coming out soon. Heiresses of Russ, Lethe Press.
time to write a paper...
Red Printer. RT : The color of your shirt + The First Object to your Right = YOUR SUPERHERO NAME ...what's yours?
If I hear this big time rush song again Im going to scream to the top of my lungs & throw the remote at the tv(music sounds better with you)
haha I'm getting my anger out cuz I'm mad!!!
Next tuesday, I'll let you know before hand if they gone hoe me
RT : Insight comes, more often than not, from looking at what’s been on the table all along. – David McCullough
watchin laugh at my pain
I know!
Let's go 49ers! -idk you gotta pick somebody or it's not as fun
I don't fuck with pigs like Azalamaleka, I put 'em in the field and I let Oscar Meyer bake em
"Teacher, there are so many mysteries."
Juliet Simms use to be in a band called Automatic Loveletter that i LOVED in 2007. And now shes on The Voice??? So crazy!!
The irony is that Tottenham-area rioters will have nothing to watch on their stolen TVs this weekend...
I could start a new life with that $60 prize. A better life.
not God but got damn
You're welcome!
GOOD MORNING FROM ME AND CAROLINE <3
Starbucks Soy Green Tea Latte - it's like sweet milky vegetables! YUCK-tastic!!
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ If life deals you lemons why not go kill someone with the lemons (maybe by shoving them down his throat)
You're welcome!
Sex fact: Over half of American adults have used the phone, email or text message to have sex
Happy Opening Day! Go O's!!
Philanthropy HAS to partner w/ private and public sector & recognize leadership role in bringing together says Antonia Hernandez
switching it all up:)
Ill not take your extra talking in the back. You won't be sitting together much longer. You need to discuss who's moving.
It's #WhiskeyWednesday! $2 off all premiums & $1 off all wells whn #CountryMusic in on the Juke! + $2 Anchor Steam Porter!
I don't hate reality stars, so it's not about that...it's more bc they don't do anything that showcases any talent or skill, IMO.
I cannot stand it when people chew with their mouth open...
Thx, , for putting "Jump, Jump ..." on a loop in my head this morning. Just chillin' at the playground now.
True blood marathon, relaxing in palm springs
The #CAPRSA "Five Lessons Learned" is underway with
Some publishers restrict use so that reviews cannot be on the Internet.
Warm weather just makes me want to day drink
which day?!
Really into responsive design and finding more about it. Any good resources?
#ONLYVEGAS KISS MiniGolf is fantastic! saw a wedding inside the Hotter than Hell Wedding Chapel. Great place 4 party,event & GOLF!
Cogs report in on $50M problem. SDC appointee makes it difficult to align philosophical furlough practices.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 8
May is Foster Care Month - Help find more permanent homes for our kids and power their dreams!
aw damn, I was def gonna do that haha
Does the Geneva Convention cover #NPR fundraisers?
...whatever in the pic (that I can't see) is discouraging people from ordering from Pizza Hut.
This is going to be a great night. off to pier 60, then 20 penny circus later tonight.
that's a great goal :)
It is just a little wet in Seattle right now.
Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it. -Syrus
I know! But they stopped making his games...
do the darn thing young women
Eduardo can look forward to a lifetime of cavity searches crossing the border. But hey he's a billionaire now.
In Redesign Competition, Architects Envision a New, More Lively National Mall
You complain so much , I'm pretty sure no one cares !
"if you happen to run into Santa and he invites you into his van, I strongly suggest you say no."
Got my husband one last Christmas, and he's baked something every week. Yummy, but not so great for the waistline. Have fun!
If Obama is defeated in 2012, I predict that the Left will go crazy like Wisconsin. The OWS is just practice to create gridlock later.
'Man of his way out'
it reminds me of the belt sanders that would jiggle women's hips in the 50s. :) who knows?
Plan your next corporate event . . . . email for packages and rates
thank u babe u are very sweet too say ;)
Thanks for the RTs!
Dear subscription services and financial institutions: Please update your files. I already received a letter from you marked "FINAL Notice"!
Too funny: RT From My dog just gave me the stink eye. I didn't even think that was possible.
Name one thing more annoying than windows automatic updates? There is no answer.
What. The. Actual. Fuck. That monkey is cute, but he'd be a dead cute monkey if it was me.
us2.campaign-archive2.com/?u=ff3c425f7c3da10c3e6f6b97f&id=36bc11db36 No one should be forced! Check out our new campaign to
i definitely read "laboratory" like "LUH-BORE-UH-TOREY" in your tweet, ala Dexter's Laboratory...
That was awesome!!! Thanx for sharing.
cool. and philipp isnt answering me. Y? Y, bro?
I woke up wanting chips & salsa. What's wrong with me? Smh
Finger licking good chocolate.
I do. It's in the front flap of my black Swiss Army laptop bag. Go ahead and grab it. I was sitting across the aisle from you guys
Awesome midget joined the twitter gang ;D
S/O to for putting his foot in that hoe ass nigga's ass
We need more shots of Gisele!
seriously make it fast
"i love you 5" never fails to put me in a good mood!
Thinking of #Minnesota public employees this week.
She SHOULD have RT : It's only right that Ntozake Shange should be on stage with them!
"Since Christ Himself has said, "This is My Body" who shall dare to doubt that It is His Body?" -St. Cyril of Jerusalem
What really #grindsmygears is when people go into the cafeteria just to talk to their friends. If you're not gonna get anything, GTFO.
those are funny
I remember feeling a sense of grief that the many yrs of economic distress & racial tensions in South L.A. resulted in such negativity
is AMAZING. just saying,
She Told Her Best Friend To Get Down On Her Knees And Suck Her Middle Finger! She May Seem Nice But Shes Really A Bitch!!!!
Wake & bake<U+E057>
nope no love
Listen up: follow the easy steps and ride Big Bear with us for half price... Some niceness for our fans!
Bread on left, drinks on right #DID2012 ettiquette training
you should go!!
Watched the video of you on NBC, that is insane! Who is going to be held responsible? (Everyone involved I hope.)
"what time do y'all close?" "in two minutes..." "oh good, i want 4 large cheesy bites." fuck off.
I didn't get any weird emails but he sent out a note -- maybe on FB. Said they were spam. Hasn't used that account in years.
<U+FFFD> Guys are like dogs. They keep comin' back. Ladies are like cats. Yell at a cat one time, they're gone. <U+FFFD> Lenny Bruce
Thank you! Really appreciate the
back in action!
Please follow me(: 4
Did you buy it?
We would love to make it more helpful, suggestions? “: ;) ... but what's incomplete is the registrar's website
Can anyone recommend some good Nonprofit networking or just entrepreneur meetings in the Atlanta area?? Would love to connect!
Interesting how they faked the Lafayette Sq shot!
Second that bet RT Garnishing your wages sounds nice--like you're decorating it with parsley. But I bet it's not nice.
We are so excited to welcome to the GreenRope family!
I'm surprised Fleury's back isn't broken, because he's been carrying this team all year! And now when he needs the support youre gonna quit?
thanks Emily!!!
Yes! Really cute (:
I played at Purdue for two years and at Pitt for two years. When I was at Purdue I lived in West Lafayette! Miss that place
PickUpLine: Do you believe in free love? Good lets go!
RT HORROR FANS: Buy at – out TODAY!!!
Platinums all day...
The Artist is playing at The Charles and you should go see it.
I'm up
R.I.P. to Junior Seau. Warning signs need to be heeded when they arise. This loss may have been prvented
Uh Oh The Look Aite
CAN'T WAIT FOR THE WNBA!!!!
btw did anyone mention the fact that there is sushi for lunch now at school?
Plz follow me
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people take things up the butt, just because the person forgot to say "just kidding!"
i fuckin adore twitter
Hey followers if you like the internet and shopping and rebates check out Blastoff.. www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
So I would like to win an iPad!
AWWW you're the sweetest Caroline!! <3 we love you!
fitbot making fitness tracking as easy as uploading a photo
I didn't see you !?
Q3 for me it's the "I hate reading but I need a book for school" readers advisory interview. I live by YALSA's quick picks.
Maybe your computer needs to go swimming with your iPhone.
nicely said, nicely said.
MICK ARE YOU MAD AT ME ?
Hooray! Headin' to The OC for another shoot...
She not only expects the worst, but makes the worst of it when it happens. ~ Michael Arlen
Out delivering food to the less fortunate, it really makes you think.. Why do we only do this around Christmas.. Feels good to help out...
Womp Womp RT : Whoever changed my iPhone's browser settings to Yahoo, I am not amused.
when you found it was it on heads or tales? ;)
then your answer cannot be officially counted.
I don't fuck with to many niggas they cum all in my face *shrugs*
RT : dreamt they tore down the hall of fame to make more room for the convention center. It must of been a nightmare.
Interesting. So you switch your math-doing language based on location?
is that the same as Penn?
thanks for the kind words and for joining us!
I knowww and you showed it to me and I listen to it all the time now :p
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Any Bermuda Triangle lovers out there? If so, check out trisefbook.com
Pattie Happy Mother's day you are such an awesome mother ... You are a role model! I love you!
By the way, who is this Thundersnow you speak to?
They're not.
When Cars Make That Annoying Noise -.- Like Is That Necessary ? Nopee
Thanks! Yeah, I was updating the code and you must have grabbed a page as I was removing the old code.
Salvador's shot hit a Flyers' stick on the way in.
I myself am a duckbilled bunny-dragon :P
what brings you money when you need one person you missing?
Do you think anyone has ever proposed on twitter? What is the ultimate expression of ePDA?
Blood Into Wine, yo.
done already? Who'd you lose to?
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.- Buddha
Forget Soccer Moms or Nascar Dads. The hot voter group is Prep School Bullies, and Mitt Romney is polling very well with them.
hey big head
I think my New Year's resolution will be to not overwork myself like I did in 2011
Yeah... sadly, though, a 1-0 win over the Braves isn't quite the keep the dream alive moment I was hoping for... :)
just want to take one good picture in my life
Headed to Seattle, bringing the sun with me. Well, at least some of it.
Awesome. Thanks!
you say something? :)
Yeah, that made me feel good.
Ouch! LOVE IT! And yes. Perhaps a Turkish bath. For a little variety. Love me some
Christmas tree, oh christmas tree, how burnable your branch is
having dinner
To hell with the irish...I'm going to little italy days...
Apparently me and Mike need to coordinate our tweets on here! Nevertheless you guys rule! Almost 800 followers!
WI is a laughingstock? I bet that has everything to do with whom you are listening to. Many view WI as critical, not sad.
"I Am The Walrus" John decided to throw together nonsense lyrics to mess with the heads of scholars trying to dissect The Beatles songs.
Awesome! I'm totally down for the #25ActsofXmas..I let someone cut in front of me at Target. Does that count?
If you aren't already, follow for everything related.
Today at 1:00pm EST. Nutritional Notes with Jane Divosevoc. Watch Here on GYGS TV
Thanks to , , , , & for their #WTFPlaylist songs yesterday. I'll do it again tonight!
in the mall, twice in one day.
I'm being the DD from now on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
here in shangra-la shangrilahawaii.org: how to engage non-academic audiences on Islam: arts, journalism (which journalism?)
UNLV you are aware you aren't playing the LOBOS at the PIT right?
bout to check out this 'Settin Up Shop' mixtape --
Cockney rhyming slang is like a bad joke that went too far
so far i've gotten 3 bags of chocolate and 2 free drinks at caribou.. i'd say it's a pretty good birthday so far. :)
Taught kindergartners today. We decided the third little pig's house had a moat, knights, cannons, and MANY ballerina princesses.
awesome! I'm excited, tank tips aren't really my thing! of course, beyond excited! are you?(:
Chris Christie = #FAIL -- how do you kill the Hudson Tunnel project when our infrastructure and economy needs it the most? NJ Referendum???
go ahead and turn in something i posted about work on my fb into the manager you bitch if i get fired im cpmin after u pussy
Austin & Ally is my fave Disney show now:) you're the reason I still watch disneychannel @ 18 lol
That's great news! Any chance we can get together sometime soon to catch up?
8/16/2010 HBS Introduces Marketing Analysis Tools for Managers Harvard Business School Working Knowledge
AKA your drug dealer
Ashly said she gonna try to be a mentor, to help the hoes, and drama girls that come to FC lls
sent over three records to you
Is the Heat playing ?
Someone help me
Welcome to another week of opportunity. Or something like that.
iljbwamh = I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER WITH ALL MY HEART !!
At 21, "three and free." RT : If they change the age limit to 20, will people just call it "two and through?"
Abandon yourself to God's will for your life.
If Mayweather loses this fight that might not be such a Bad thing! Because then he won't have to Carry all those Bandwagon riders anymore!!
you are always welcome I stay with me!
Thanks Natl Service Caucus co-chairs for writing a letter in support of FY12 funding for service
Eagles lead the Giants 10-3 in halftime.
Fuck it let em hate mean mug em back
One of the Labs features I've long enjoyed (hiding email counts) has disappeared. I miss it already. I hate seeing email counts.
I'm sorry you're not into the #maang UI. I think/hope you'll get used to it quickly. Pls let me know if I can help.
Haha. Awesome. That just made my day too!
Logos: Fire up your Illustrator and layer all types of shapes atop another; use paths to subtract, merge, etc -you'll get a winning concept.
and you're like 10% of the way through the book so far? Looking forward to seeing your request for filmmaking lessons next month.
Trying real hard not to stick my nose in others business. I hate drama but I love to share my 2cents.
Last chance to #studyabroad for a semester this fall in #Australia - application deadline for and is June 15!
"I got a big blowout/ When I have no gel/ I can let my 'fro out/ I take my big boat out!" OH YEAH!!
you know you gettin old when you can't wait til bedtime!
"Fit2Go customer service is top notch and I tell everyone about it." From one of our many loyal customers Thank you!!!
a special #FF to my nearest and dearest definitely a gr8 one to follow!!!!!!!
Happy 20th Boulevard Brewery.
aw thank you :)
Another delicious sandwich from Drewski's now populates my fulfilled stomach. I'll b chasing the fat away @ the gym tonight.. see you at 7pm
Your welcome!
THANK YOU!!
OMG. Dropping the ball as we speak! Where and when?!?
lol u actually did it!! Awh ilu! & yeah still slumming it lol so we'll figure out 1 game or 2 & whatnot, ganna be hi-lite of my year
We're looking for a venue in Asheville that can accommodate 500 people. Suggestions #avl friends?
thanks for the RT and congrats on your upcoming graduation!
Here now... how are you? RT : Where has been on my TL?
#HappyHalloween! Check out the spooktacular Sunrise crew at 6:30 for the big costume reveal! Any guesses as to what they'll be?!
So... Somebody got hit up at QT this morning on blue ridge... These NI**as ain't FAKIN!!!
yeah, it looks phenomenal. Should be one of the best releases of the year
That's a solid idea. You watching some basketball?
that was my cousin my old phone cause I got the I phone 4 My new number is 4254465334
Lots of fog at the San Diego Airport this am. Interesting to watch planes fly in over Pt. Loma & out over the city. Opposit the norm.
maybe being 's 700th follower would provide some solace. He's a Pokemon Master.
PRECIOUS METALS: Gold Futures Gain Slightly After Jobs Data
RT : best frugal living blogs- any recommendations? Also: The Simple Dollar, WP Small Change, Frugal Dad, Not Made of Money
Here I am, excited all day that it is 11.1.11... Only to realize that this marks the end of Anytober at Subway. RIP BMT.
I hate that one as well
jus saw a picture of ya ex...that nigha still look like a monkey.
“: - My physical address is 130 Green Meadow Lane, Fayetteville, Georgia.”
we killed it \m/
Hey You know of this UK based invoicing app for designers that looks just like your site? I'm looking for the name/url...
are dope haha
Related: Shocked at how many homeless people were on the streets in Cambridge and Boston. Heartbreaking.
I would love to see the Lakers and the Heat in the Championship, Seeing as they are the two most hated teams in the NBA
Man I hate the cold
Happy birthday to my wonderful best friend
yes, I awkwardly stared into your eyes during the "party/choke" bit last night.... And I fell in love
i wanna know why no matter what, the guy is the asshole when a couple breaks up
I'm soo lucky that I live here (Miami) I might just be able to meet him for the first time ;3
bring some Milwaukee Magic up in there!!!
Thanks for all the RTs: , , , Thanks for the SO: ,
Happy Earth Day!
did u install viber yet so I kan kall u
omg your icon awww
ha anyway u musta had alot to do dat day
Man its Hot outside
Merry Christmas!
Ah so wish we were able To go.. =(. Have fun!!
Gotta get over there - gonna get caught up this weekend and go check it out - :D Hi!
Why? Nostalgia. Vint Hill is a Cold War era DOD comm station. Played a role in the Black #Shuttle Missions
Liv Yoga in CC definitely takes the cake for hottest hot yoga I have ever been to in my life
great meeting u too. Perhaps we'll see eachother at soon!
I passed 500 followers! How cool does that make me feel? Thanks to my followers. I feel like Sally Field "You like me, you really like me!"
Thank U, Doug! RT :
RT : Spoelstra says James Jones will get some, but likely not all, of Mike Miller's minutes. LeBron some at 4.
Nipples on hard and whatnot.
:O jerk
this has nothing to do with the orioles
Real good music = ________. Fill in the blank
what are you wearing? I'm sure it will be creative! I'm still trying to decide whether it'll be Alice or Queen inspired for me!
once my best friend said to me, "I love you, man". i think it's rare but it happens.
Bad movie good date
Watched Fast Five last night, pretty insane. Trying out a Hulu+ for 360 and loving it.
You running like you stole something
JJ Hickson has a monster game, think that guys a keeper! Blazers come up short though, lose to the Clips 98-97
Rainbows make me happy :)
My new puppy just farted while sitting in my lap. Why do puppy farts smell so bad?
#FF outstanding insight into National Security and Foreign Policy... And we went through #Ranger school together...
Forgot how much I hate riding the bus.
Ok loving the 's mobile site. You can pull up inscriptions and provenance in the gallery!
Can't wait to hear Jay electronica's album
Totally agree. It used to be fun. Not so much.
I love figuring out differences in twins. Like one is always OCD about being on time and they other one is laid back
Workout time then most likly eagle creek with
A good heart, geekiness, & a few tatts
Dude I'm jealous! I don't want to wait! I'm so happy for you though; your cut is much more exciting than mine!
I know super late but how cute!!! Lmao!!
I'm crying, my heart is pounding. Ah! Love you
Look for venue information soon!
#microstories Man - "I am the last man standing!" Woman - "No you aren't. Turn around."
When your room décor is just a little too boring, try adding a funky lamp or switching your lampshade for something colorful and textured!
I once designed & programmed a whole site in photoshop 4. RT : #tappsfact: i once designed my website to look like photoshop 5.5
That's ok, I have no place to put it anyway, lol.
is in the ucb cagematch tomorrow night at 11 and we also have our Best of Craigslist show Fri at 10 at Hey Now!!
ha.. Dnt even pretend like bron wasn't as clutch as possible. Bosh threw a garbage pass and wade is dumb for that last shot..
lol, it was meant as a joke :D
": Parent quote of the year "So they're saying 2 year olds should be talking now? " #slpeeps" Love this!
Facebook is really slow right now. Anyone else experiencing this?
indiana dryvit contractors, indiana dryvit companies, dryvit companies in indiana, indiana dryvit company's dryvit, indiana dryvit contract
WHAT?! Neely > Everyone
LOL at giving his take on the Penn St scandal. Ironic, despicable, yet at the same time typical of ESPN and our scumbag media.
My daughter has been home sick for 5 days!! On the mend, I think, so hopefully next week will be more normal for us..
Ordered some cute whale earings c: and some bird earings for my bestfraann <U+2665>
Thanks :) If I'm trained enough, might run one in August, but my overall goal is the one in October
GOTTA BE THE PRETTIEST WOMEN THAT I'VE SEEN TODAY SHIT PROLLY ALL MY LIFE
Guess I'll just blow it up.
I THOUGHT YOU LOVED ME! *le cries in a corner*
Cuddling > work
Google Drive = Google Docs with a facelift, and a somewhat better looking mobile app. Uploading was already in Docs. Did I missed the point?
I was thinking...maybe you should just get a boob job. Cuz your thighs are fine!
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention!
Why Mark Connor Resigned, Personal Reason #32: Training for Mixed Martial Arts match against Wilford Brimley.
did you catch that double for a good piece ? Paid ok !
Taylor Swift(:
!!!!!!! RT I love love love "TONIGHT-John Ledgend " does something to me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Oscar Sunday is my favorite day ever.
Heartbreaking | RT "The number 18 jersey will never be worn again" -
Am I in trouble now? I don't even know how to hit on women. Lol.
Wow. That's beautiful.
we are about 15 minutes away from the greyhound terminal. I can see downtown from here!
brother time all the time little guy beach day tomorrow
loving those nails!
Prepping to hang my exhibition at Opens May 4.
james franco was defintely stoned on letterman
Lol I hate twitter but I think I should start tweeting again.
2 more days.... Omg.
The people I work with convinced me to go for drinks after work..Sealed the deal with "C'mon it'll be fun!" The people I work with are liars
We completely understand! :) That's a perfect Christmas gift!
Irelands last remaining independent whiskey distillery has passed into foreign ownership after a $95m takeover of #CooleyDistillery by
I know we not on speaking terms but I hate to see her like this
Screw it major show news now! Nov 4th at the Rave in Milwaukee with Five Finger Death Punch, Rev Theory, All That Remains, Hatebreed, + more
I'm off until she makes me some of that food <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
To you as well :-)
The gypsy fest is Exactly behind the hookah on Calhoun on mcmillian in clifton.
Wish us luck tonight #MegaMillions. If we win, then steaks and beers on me!
i sent you a request!
COME ON GUYS! WE HAVE TO TREND #KeepDamianOnGlee ! DO YOU REALLY WANT THIS AMAZING ADORABLE IRISH BEAST LEAVING? D:
C'Mon, Chargers! Let's not waste these Denver and Oakland losses!!!
I definitely feel it! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Gotta wonder why you would leave the ambulance running while you eat
Hopefully seeing again this summer ;)
lol I'm doing good just been busy/focused on work. How about yourself?
that shirt is beyond sick!! Well played Madam!!
We LOVE Sirens! Follow , better yet visit them!
(2/2) The April 18 London bout will be our first produced bout of the season. Tix info forthcoming.
If you don't watch Glenn Beck on Fox News every evening, you don't deserve to live in America!!!!!
RAIN, RAIN, RAIN!! What a rare and glorious treat!!!
Does this event need volunteers?
A positive outlook can be a catalyst for extraordinary achievements. -unknown
Am I alone in this fight, Is Anybody out there?
Dark S is not just a comedy?
You're worth more than Gold. <U+2665>
": Let the countdown begin for Cinco de Mayo Daisys style!! $6 margaritas, mojitos and mint juleps!!" See you there!!!
Remember John Kings wife is Dana Bash who is Anti-Paul! So he won't go to Paul except for retarded questions!
I'm just (On1) and super amazed by how ppl are curing themselves from cancer, diabetes, & other terminal stuff
Please don't say it...RT : And the most disturbing Chicago Trending Topic ever of the day is...
GIRLS NIGHT OUT- OCTOBER 19TH VENETIAN MASQUERADE BALL- OCTOBER 29TH
A man who claimed to be the new mgr of a Denny's in Madison is facing charges after cooking himself a burger before police showed up
Hha, aw same. My friend's beggin me to walk to her house to flat iron her hair
Flu Shots hurt. a lot.
That the night Holliday and Spilly hit two HRs a piece? I was at that game, and am at this one today! Hoping for the same.
RUT Hockey team members are very #Brave on this
=) go ahead! LOL <<singing>>"she wants to party all the time party all the time.." WHOOP!!!
CoMe Show YouR HaiR Love!!!
Back home from the BYU #Genealogy Conference. Good to be home.
Nye tickets on sale today! $100 open bar package with champagne toast at midnight as well as passed appeziters all night!
drop down drag out relationship situation happening next table over. Going south rapidly. Remaining calm and hoping no guns will be drawn.
A smart woman will never abandon her standards for a temporary solution
Congrats girl <3:)
Fontana steals 2nd.
Good Luck!! :D
Thank you all so much for joining my page! I'll come with updates very soon on the projects I am working on. Be blessed and stay well! :)
Uh-oh! It was a children's book! [forehead slap, back to the treadmill]
I think you and the Big Ear of Corn would have gotten along very well.
I haven't seen this many pipe hits since a Snoop Dogg concert.
About to go to Wegmans today but my mom is looking for recipes to follow.
“ Excellent. Your Mom can search for and schedule meetings with agents through your profile on the site. Good luck!
Mariano, you never let the team down. You never let the fans down. Please never think that.
Asm #Highered chair Marty Block about to celebrate #CSU 50th anniversary on Assembly Floor. Talk about ACR 52 to commemorate the occasion.
heh. well, they're chicks, of course they do ;-)
early riser you... HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to you too my #BESTE .. Hope your day is filled with lots of happiness.
Thanks, my friend. It's good to be back.
I agree that Twitter feeds into other forms of media, but is it actual productive info that's "bleeding" out or is it banal stuff..
Come back. I promise something spectacular. #emptypromises RT : Twitter is humming with interesting stuff. Hard to bail but must.
Step outside to check the weather, and then...it hit me with amazing, warm weather.
anybody on Tour playing ATVs yet?
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
I can't stop thinking about you for some reason even though the feelings not the same;))
Thanks for the RT, Anne.
Trying to get decent rest over here is like trying to learn Chinese Hanzi overnight.
Already got a date set up for Saturday with my bf!!!! LIFE IS FREAKIN AWESOME
I think that's the way to go -- read it before watching the miniseries. Will be curious to see if you love it more than LS!
Good win for the Stars. Sucks the shutout got blown with 13 seconds left. Kari deserved it. Great game by #32 anyways.
"We're like in the 22nd century!"
I feel like throwing up! :(
I need to get up & prepare my lunch but I think Im just having salad today
Q: How would you have handled the #occupypdx group
Hey Tweets check out my sports blog www.dougmolineux.com/jesse
Love you Muphee!!!!...auntie got you,babe!!!
So hurt that I don't have any Epsom Salt to put in some warm water so I can soak my feet...
Dear mom you are yelling at me for drinking the last dr.pepper ... its been in the fridge for hours how was i to know you claimed it !
Whiskey Bar tonight!
Don't see that at all. You're talking about generally humane treatment and minor volume. Easy to target "rich people food."
witnessed "last chance" morph into "last dance"
haha you are SO sweet! :) see you soon, and hopefully one day we'll be on a tour like that
there is still more... prize #9 LOFT gift certificate for $100
I feel like I'm gonna barf. And also there's no room for me in the pool. Not happy.
hey there! Thanks for the follow!!
so nice to meet you finally! Have a great weekend and see you at #craftastrophe next Saturday!
wow. Makes me very sad and angry.
you rock
Tragic indeed. But it is wonderful that these pros recognized him like this. Class. And as a father, can't imagine.
Just a reminder. We might not want to admit it but #ias12 ends tomorrow. Check your flight info!
hahahaha. i think it's interesting to discuss nutrition because i'm not certain i'm right. i'm always open minded to change
Be (Be)a(u)tiful
awh, thank you :)
No days off!
": Men who take vacations every year lower their risk of heart disease by 20%."I vacation a few times, just to be safe.
email with where to send it thanks
stop snoring
Did you know that Twitter is considered to be one of the most effective and impressive ways to increase traffic? 0j1e.
UAPC looking for a huge promo!
As bad as trading Schilling, Finley, and Harnish for Glenn Davis was, trading Bedard for Sherrill,Tillman, and Adam Jones is equally as good
That's OK. When I'm sick I sing "Bridge Over Troubled Water" all day.
Great. Now I'm getting research queries from a man named John Brown who's been out digging stuff up in the woods.
no:( 3 months from now..
A weird number texted me, and I suddenly thought it was him, but no.. I think I'm gonna leave it.. Because he hates me! D;
Watched a VH1 Classic documentary w/ on the In a word: AMAZING. Love the band even more now.
Hmm...can't say I'm familiar with the term.
Make the beat retarded, so I call it a slow jam.
HE JUST SAID GRAND
yeah mane. Like 5 or so if that's cool
A NEW feature is coming soon called 'Mojo's Channel' -- Everyday Mojo's World will post a 3-10 min clip from a TV show, movie, cartoon, etc.
was the test hard!?
Made me sick all day
#ff because she is my agent. So follow her, but don't query her.
We had an ice cream bar set up for teachers, plus little notes.
I need to find dad's old record player.
(All the foregoing are quotes from mass-murderer Anders Breivik's manifesto, in case that wasn't clear.)
We need to hang out ASAP chicka!! :)
plus I have a "friend" there now so this could go one of two ways lol
Yay i hot 2 sleep in till 8:40 no school today
#Nuggets this am. Ugh
Been listening to #SXSW music wafting up to my office for the last six hours; now going down to explore it
Hmm looks like Abercrombie & Fitch's efforts have gotten them into quite #thesituation what will they do next?
Mcdonalds for breakfast!.
Trip to the spa? Yes, please!
what you grubbing on
Happy Mothers Day!!! This 1 goes especially to all the single mothers ur appreciated <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
ok lol ill send them in the mail!:)
I HATE SCHOOL!!!!!!!!!!I ONLY GO FOR FRIENDS AND MY MOM SAYS SHELL BEAT ME UP IF I DONT!!!!!!!!!!
Bold prediction...I think they run away with it
Dbl Punch Gingerbread Latte. Our Big moving SALE is going strong. New Books and Gifts in daily and 10-20% OFF everything in the store!
I wish the supreme court would once and for all tackle same sex marriage.
you don't believe it's marriage. Fine. But don't regulate it through more government. The church should not run the government.
Louise is such a diva
i will see if he is still going to class tomorrow tho lol
feel free to!
just about to be in college on january 11th
Nice, do u have a song or cover of any song?
I love that expression. Enjoy it while you can!
And we're off! #GreenRush has officially begun!
": 'Ladies first' is just a polite way of saying "Let me look at your ass while you walk in front of me.''"
have not met! Happy to connect.
you should be the better person, even if you shudnt have to in the first place :p
It has been said "You don't know until you have walked a mile in their shoes" ... Continued next tweet
Austin friends: I'm collecting #CoatsForKids. Let me know if you have some you'd like to donate.
honestly bro what's there lineup: torres, turner, wright, davis, bay, duda, thole, tejada?
How was everyone's turkey day?
The daughters see the green protection from pinches as law. Should I pinch them anyway?
You could locate in the parking lot across from office!
I want to give a shout out to my 3 new followers , and thankz
Happy birthday to and !!(:
$10 says when NYPD realized your were live on NYE they wanted to attack source. Ensure you/others are not followed to new space
Is he online?
I miss the way we used to be..
Wait so you do ever want to have kids either? By the way if you say NO (like you should) I'm going to be proud of you if you say
Is Katherine Heigl aware of what her hair looks like?
566 federally recognized indian tribes in America. Check out Kent Monkman and James Luna and Bryan Youngin.
My USB drive made it out of the washing machine alive. Thank goodness!!!
Where do these guys find time to talk to all these girls?
I'm getting old. Yikes. But never too old for a good party with good friends :)
Mike vick seems determined to ruin my fantasy season.
tweeting is not an addiction, it's a way of life.
once I waited with bates breath 2 see all the fine tweets,pictures acrylic painted was my main post a dc artist eye bee,buzzy looking a ball
Fuck yeah!!! Way to score ! Take that you asshat Coyotes!
off to the gym to fine toon every for sat photo shoot.
Hey, , I eat you everyday, no lie. Why don't you follow me?!?! I'm in love. P.S. If you get rid of the Doritos Taco, I'll die.
I've never heard of it , I that an app?
Just got off the phone with Japanese representatives. Proud to announce our newest signee: Eno Mus Wang.
*butts in* I would like to add my vote for a THATCamp campfire next year, preferably with s'mores
pastrami on rye with some waffle fries foo free Epic collapse, if you get Nate Mcmilan next year then you might be legit
it is March, there should be no snow.
- so excited for the show next weekend!
Ha! Got it. Lighten up people!
Oh no! A blackout. The entire complex is completely dark. I don't like the dark
Glad you guys could join us & share your opinions. #sbchat cc:
Thanks glad you cashed,we are cashing around the world from Hong Kong to Brazil to Russia to Canada to Australia the list is growing
RT : The typewriter was invented by Hungarian immigrant Qwert Yuiop, who left his "signature" on the keyboard.
Have a lovely weekend everyone! The weather is awesome, right? Enjoy! :)
Tony LaRussa RETIRES
Donkey, or Also Indeed Donkey's Hindquarters
#packers defense is pathetic. If not for those created turnovers, could be very bad right now. And what was 82 and 87 doing on that onside?
Check out a Portland Timbers game at nearby PGE Park. We are major league soccer now.
Hi, guys
good morning sweetie
For following me
Back from the annual NARPM trade show in Dallas - two armadillo races later Foundation Rentals is bringing fresh rental industry...
Hold da chain up so I can c ya fam
Was on the phone with my babe during the second half, we were all worried/nervous lol.
Which jersey should I wear... old school Barry Sanders or Emmitt Smith
Lemme get a one-way ticket, haven't picked a destination I'm just tryna catch the train before it has to leave the station
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
I`m really sleepy
Fact of the day: Unlike a housecat, the Siberian tiger loves to swim
"I mean if it was someone like Joan Cusack, than yeah. Not worth it otherwise." - Tom on who Robin Williams should go to Hell and back for.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. -Thomas Jefferson
Some of the people you share the best memories with become a memory... Thats real
I feel you
: true. Given convo today & economy do you think the tussle will become a party (sooner or later...)?
should make a cuban alter ego, he would be crazy af!
I blame the #Cadbury mini eggs.
Less than 24 hours until the official release of the venue & theme of the 87th #DiplomaticBall!
Thanks John! We did have a lot of fun. The cupcakes you made were delicious!
Wow! Episode 14 has been downloaded almost 400 times since it was released yesterday morning!
Dave what's good homie
August 19,2012 will be memorable.
Very sad to hear that Cy Twombly has died in a hospital in Rome, at age 83.
Thinking about you tomorrow- and all the excitement ahead of you post-retirement.
Hope everyones Sunday is great!
I think the economy is turning around. It's been a great first two months for
ugh he's going to propose.
I have had Payphone stuck in my head all day. AH
Concert tickets? Pirate tickets? has been giving something away practically every hour this week
The gold ring in my performance was an heirloom from hte grandmother who recently passed. She was an artist. Great eye.
I need to finish this poem for her.
THEY DON'T CALL JEREMY THE HAMKING FOR NOTHING PEOPLE!!!!!!!!.
The theory reading group I'm in is dropping Stiegler midstream to read Latour. Apparently meant as a criticism.
A #bettycrocker yellow mix cake with chocolate icing would hit the spot right about now.
I bow before your
are you here yet?
One more out!!!!
week is going by super fast
Ever steal my signature! identity theft visor! :D
Beautiful Redbook rejection letter: "This novel doesn't suit us, as you doubtless suspected it wouldn't all along." (Acc116/b2f30/1959jan27)
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
got get ready to go to my lil bro bday party.....@ chuck e cheese. so much fun.
Id like to thank #SegramsGin cause im drankn it and they payin me for it
where is the miami dick sucking team at? Been Mia
Thank you :)
hell yeah ;)
Padres are down and need your support! Catch the rest of the game at TK wearing your Padres gear and get 25 percent off your bill.
A strong woman is one who is able to smile this morning like she wasn't crying last night.
Are you ever going to a Dodgers game? We miss you already! “: Good day for LA sports fans. The & both won.
I have the channel on my cable sports package but don't have any kind of online add-on
My boyfriend's name is yours too? weird...
i seriously need a fuckingg job!!
WORD....that's a good look bro....can't wait to see u at a show...I remember the RedHouse Garage jam sessions..lol
Who are you when I'm not lookin'??
I told my asian friend he's a loco he thought i called him a "cholo"and i told him he was a chulo and he said no that i was the chulo! xD
I know it's far away, but is anyone else really excited about the next SAM ReMix? I am!
“Much of the success of life depends upon keeping one’s mind open to opportunity and seizing it when it comes.” Alice Foote MacDougall
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you.!
go to Huntington with &
does that make a closet of our bodies?
OSU-KSU is much more exciting than Alabama-LSU. Boise State in title game? Would be fun to see them there, gotta be better than this.
throwing things at my suitcase and hoping they will fit
wth is with this spam showing up as my tweets?
What cld U say, do, or text right now that wld totally make ur partner feel special? DO IT!
Ukrainian caught trying to smuggle bear out of Russia
lets move to LA
Dear guys, be the type of guy you would want your daughter to date.
Him : why dont u say nun when u see me ... ME: MAYBE CAUSE YOUR ASS DONT KNOW HOW TO SPELL
Thanks for the #FF!
- OG was *never* okay
So thanks for kissing me..-.-
guess what!
Can't DM you because you are not following me. Here it is for the world to see: ;-)
VERY FUNNY MARVIN
my cat is just laying at the edge of my bed staring at me o.o
Not for everyone, but the #hologram of Tupac Shakur that "performed" @ Coachella is amazing! Really captures the imagination of a tech geek!
um i&#39;m desensitized don&#39;t forget about my x
yes & he was pretty sexy!
You got it, Pat! I did early voting :-)
The fact that my alarm went off this morning made me cry. Summer is in 36 more days, and I honestly don't think I can make it.
May you have fair winds, and following seas.
Feel kinda bad for Sarah Johnson, who just had to follow and Jim Gaffigan on stage.
that was you? Hah tf and I dunno I bounced before I got the chance to test it
Dat blew me ..its said n done
#HateWhenPeople leave you hanging when you need them...
Of course! It has great info for an aspiring Ironman, straight from top Ironman coaches such as and Brett Sutton. Enjoy!
And if that doesn't work: a novel a day keeps the doldrums away!
Bye!!:) breakfast
Would anybody like to win a free vacation to Hawai'i? Airfare+Accommodations www.majkltravel.net Sweepstakes of a Lifetime
Thanks! Looking forward to your tweets
Barbie Bungee Jumping Banana Splits= Best Teacher Ever! | Free ...
Im done trying to keep up friendships with people who seem to have moved on. Goodnight Twitter.
Struggling with my #ala11 schedule. I work with the blind/visually impaired. Found only two about accessibility issues. suggestions?
no you are not you still up telling me to go to sleep lol
he's gonna go off “: Man skip is gonna have a field day”
Got my alarm set for 11 . Watching the games til I gotta work.
Got a brief writeup coming tomorrow on 2nd base prospect options for future. Watkins included. I feel same way as John
man im confused ... an yea karina should come if we do go :)
" If anything goes bad, I did it. If anything goes semi-good, we did it. If anything goes real good, then you did it...
many lettuce would not approve
That's right bitches. I gots 2 drinks on my table.
it was the 13th of this month when i got my car
Aw thanks! Yeah I probably shouldn't be so annoyed by it. It IS nice but some ppl just get on my nerves in general. Haha!
Do you think God gets stoned? I think so... look at the platypus.- Robin Williams
you looking thin...you eating out in LA?
I get a lot of dm spam too and a lot I follow being unfollowed randomly. Weird. Good idea to weed out your acct. tho.
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try getting a new iPod!
might as well bake some cupcakes while youre at it. #ohdarn ;)
I think I actually ate enough sugar today that I'm craving salads.
Time to enjoy a workout - remember to bring Kindle and to hook up wifi to for Hulu/Netflix access
*sniffle sniffle* I love you SOROR!!!
Hey LHF donors, the priority deadline for 2012 donations is this Thurs, March 1st! Pay by phone at 512-471-4439 or pay online via DonorNet!
Can't wait to get back in the studio alot of fiyah producers wanna work with
Marino could play in this era. With yesterday's rules could drew have played then.
have a great show
Very delayed but thankies for the FF love, sweetness! I miss you!
Life is wonderful and full of spice....
Watch the game with me tomorrow
That awkward walk/run you do when a car lets you cross the road.
Dear Crush, Get the fuck out of my head Sincerely, Your taking all the space.
I can't wait until DC warms up
i wanna have my own music production lol
RT : I said #Irsay couldn't win a PR battle with #PeytonManning. But he's gonna try.
Empathy is my curse
Note to self: never get involved in Twitter wars with people who are completely clueless. It's a waste of energy.
“: There is something about the Sunday after church nap. Please help me understand! Lol” Isn't it the best sleep?!
I really like him! :) he is so sweet.
AN END 2 ALL ANIMAL CRUELTY.......thats my xmas wish.....!!
DON'T GIVE UP ON ME, TAKE COMFORT IN ME.
is a gentleman and a scholar
#Signs is one of the greatest movies ever! I've seen it lots, and it never gets old. Makes me, smile, cry, and hide under the covers. :)
The eye of a human can distinguish 500 shades of the gray
It might have been those diet pills I was on a couple of months back
listening to the patiohpatino podcast. you gonna get so much west linn hate mail!
thank you! Everything was processed. Visit us anytime or tell us what's up! *TrueCompliments
Architectural Design isnt Architecture. Architectural Design is for retards.
nice!“: Mellencamp holds up the original copy of the Donovan LP he bought as a kid in Indiana. Hilarious speech. #rockhall2012”
I'll give it a shot.
The clear choice for all your auto glass needs 414-409-7263
Man i wanna move and be done with college....so far i've learned things i already knew!
AH! Thanks :)
cheers! RT Go Cardinals! My first love was an '87 CHC man. You might know '88 grads Small world!
Always a good thing
As soon as the weather changes, folks forget how to dress appropriately.
That might be one of Sheldon's best lines ever.
A guy I like doesn't like me and I think I love him.
Let's do this ! Indy's about to get dirty, yo! Let's hope I don't die!
not if you can't text back though.. -___-
Colorado weather >
Why do people at school need to know about one direction at school.
why am I so picky?
What does the remote control mean in your family? Who gets to hold it and why?
Hewerton scores his 2nd of the night (assist to Liete) as keeps piling it on 24-8 with 2 minutes left
pulled an Austin Rivers today.
Evening run with and Rick!
Someone just said your 21 and support damn that's crazy. I felt like saying STFU. is awesome
i CANNOT just lay outside... reading: yes, with someone: yes but just laying there KILLS ME
A FEW PPL IN UR CAMP HAVE HEARD..BUT HOW DO I GET YOU TO HEAR?
Love hearing this! RT : I saw an Equinox today and my heart skipped a beat! LOL,
Morning twitter!!! Let's get it!!.
Listen to those who lead the field
Thank you for your updates on advertisers on Rush's show. I couldn't stand to listen to that much garbage! Good for you.
Not sleepy.
morning .. Sure .. With settling into the work routine I think we can swing it
sober cathy is scary enough, please spare your innocent family and friends
Watching w/ my mama . She cryin & shit lol I love him .
Never again......never fuckin again.
$2/$3 small Arni's drafts. Enjoy your Monday :)
I got you as soon as I get back to my computer. I have to drive to richmond real quick. What are you doing today
I'll call it a night...Lakers piss me off on some bullshit
Hah. Event looks kinda cool. I'd make it to the one in Chi, but my Tues night is already booked. :(
I'm sure that's not what they meant... But it IS hilarious!
“: WOW...#scandal” <- The First Lady is ruthless. Not sure I like her very much.
Bout to get on the grill. Its going down
“: Ladies!! A Smile is the sexiest curve on your body! So smile w/ your sexy self!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>”!!
Goodnight to all my lovers! :)
screw Cleveland*
- Axel, belated thanks for the #FF last week. As always, much appreciated.
You're making me blush! Thinking 'about it. Thanks for support.
Pip is consistently flat...75% of all notes.
It's day in South Milwaukee!
when someone compares himself to jordan and calls himself a superstar, there better be some sort of proof
Any open kid castings out there?
Ugh...A LONG WET DAY AHEAD OF ME!!!
That site is down but we offer design as well.
I guess I will catch up on some work because this cold won't let me sleep.
RT : Please refer to it as "Urban Friday."
#MyFirstWishFor2012 is that i will meet and get a follow from and
right here :)
I will probably be back at school tomorrow !:)
If Willie Wonka had a Chocolate Factory it would definitely be here in the
ha, good suggestion.
they chevy volt is a necessary innovation we need to ween are country off oil
You look great on Lopez Tonight, tonight! We are still up on LA! Cant wait to attend your events this year.
“: Tequila 1800” <--- it was so good haha
Kansas city, MO has been added to ticketmaster.
reviewing miley cyrus´ songs
My feet && back are KILLING me.... I need a long massage.
Neighbors got a new pup named Curly. My pup's name is Lambeau. This could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship ;)
RT Taylor gang or hold on to jellyfish titties.
Going to the Night exibit today at WPZ. Hubby wants to tell visitors the zoo is going to grind up the animals into hotdogs after it closes.
making up for lost time
Thx for retweet. RT : US Sec. of Education speaking at #cysummit 'We need can't do it by themselves"
": your work is great. Please send me your email addy :)"thx! Can't DM you frm my cell :-( will send email shortly!
Had a great 2 1/2 hr social media intro/strategy session with tonight! Welcome to Twitter, Green Door!
We Kall That Diarrhea
When you put it in terms of hours—24 of them—a day seems so long.
i was at flashbacks ! tall girl , coconut bikini top & i was in the contest
Yep, that was def a factor in our decision to choose CU over the other 9 schools she was accepted at
Had to lay down earlier; because I couldn't stand to see him leave;
#Jayhawks if u can't go hard inside, u got no chance!! #Kentucky vs
Heading to the South Bay Galleria w// :)
I Feel Ya Broke Bitches Make Me Sick! (Throw Up!) Lol!
": I assume all women have contemplated how to kill a nigga and get away with it when they get upset"
Valley girl attitude....ridiculous.
The Vertigo Burger sounds amazing! RT : Hey guys! Have you tried our delicious burgers at Elevation Burger?!
Aayy ladies if you know you badd.!
Today I told this girl that One Direction is gay cos she saw me writing out bromances. She freaked out screaming and told me she hates them.
Goodnight everyone
Word. Sorry it's late. RT : HUGE thanks to the thinking man's thinking man for the #adultrappers blog love.
ditto what Justin said. Thank you so much! Would love to visit.
Half Price Martini's at Marco's Restaurant and Lounge all day!
No work tweets tonight. I'm at #Wilco at the Fillmore in Denver.
My abs are on fire
S/O to all my bros puttin it down in the local rap game we almost there baby! authentic movement k goon $quad RJGz
Today is the last day of my sophomore year of college. & I get to go home. & I get to see & I could not be anymore excited :)
Been gettin picked on ALL weekend!
Attending excellent but tiring #allergy #boardreview in Chicago
no it was pure passion
I would never.
i love that movie what is youre favriote part
Word is Lyle Lovett coaches just pulled up next to the Market.
I love you no matter what and #iWishThat you would stop hurting yourself :'(
oh crap! Thats too bad :|
My mom actually made a good dinner, what?!
You should! ;)
Nothing like two nosebleeds in one day.... Thanks Israel for adding to this experience, and a trip to the doctor tonight...
Fuck the Police! I like Sting's solo stuff better.
Nissan says Magna Steyr will build new Infiniti entry model Nissan said contract manufacturer Magna Steyr will build a new premium compac
I don't want to be alone anymore.
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina, ravioli Florentine, tortellini brodo, Split Pea, Minestrone, Tomato basil ravioli..M
Yup, officially freaked out now! Lol. But a GOOD freaked out! :) x
Battier just don't need to take anymore three's..he done missed em all LOL!
whenever u ready bruh
Thanks to all the #educators who came to the session Friday @ the #CLS Conference in Monterey, CA!
Just let me punch a wall. I'm so stressed.
At community clinics like Country Doctor, sick low-income individuals can get the care they need. - Rik Wyman
Lovely Camping Site. Shame it was too cold.
Zach Tumin (ZachTumin) thanks for the follow.
Just announced the line-up for Kiss The Summer Hello June 2nd : Dev, Carly Rae Jepsen, Chiddy Bang, Neon Hitch, Chris Rene and Cady Groves.
lmao no :p you're still gonna have to crash my wedding tho
I been voting for you. I think you have been doing great on DWTS.
Thanks for the mention!
So and are planning a codeathon together. Cities we are pondering are Austin, DC and Boston. feedback?
Inactive for next 24, blazing and posting kony posters
There is nothing to do today...
The Student Living Center opens Friday; first day of classes is a week from today.Did the summer pass quickly, or what?
they're only showing LOL I'm those states?
hope you rocked out
Really excited about the #WASFAA website redesign project. It is coming together!
Guys...this tequila shot is dedicated to who represents women well and is fearless in taking on those who do not. Slange!
Anyone have a car for sale? lol
Thank you for the props keep up the good work. Still see you on NFL Films every now and then.....
Clickbank Simple Tips - Clickbank vs Paydotcom, Which To Choose
Thank you! Summer is all $$$ no books -.- haha
Of all the words of mice and men, the saddest are, "It might have been."
#ICantStandPeople WHo Have Low Self-Esteem
it's stressful. go bulls.
What does rock music, a rabbit, drumming circles, fire dancers, puppets, projections, a band, & blood have in common? Come find out Friday!
Can't we just cuddle all night
It's Christmas Eve? #wtf?
spent most of it taking antibiotics and sleeping!
no problem <3
Love it!! RT : Started car, radio on; 3yo says "Is this 'news that matters?'" Why, yes it is. Thanks !
thanks man and you too finish strong
lol give me time i have an ap test manana
Haha fine then, bitch
Sean McGrath killed it, Levi Ware is currently killing it, and Brad Loomis and the Resonance is about to kill it.
#titletalk Looking for fiction K-5 books to support healthy choices around food exercise
James Taylor kind of afternoon.
Been running the Win 8 preview for more than a month, but just learned some neat tricks from a MSFT presentation. Win+X FTW.
34 games in for the Tigers.....so when do they turn on the switch?
STRESS TO THE MAX.
Cool Tip re: New Facebook Look - You Can "Star" a Post & This Will Give You The Full Width Of Your Facebook Page & Also "Pin" It To The Top.
Finally get to see my grandpa :) love him so much
Tomorrow is the big day. Watch the news for Cops Fighting Cancer's toy drop at Children's Hospital with 150 cops delivering 1,000 toys!
Lmao people have so much to say about others before actually looking at themselves first.
got my cart all ready... Just have to wait til payday! Lol
Lmfao send me this
AHAHAHAHAHAHA I was not expecting that XD New ringtone!!!!
All time low Lostprophets Rise against Whispering. I'm coming home
An example of duress would be someone forcing someone to commit a bank robbery or face being shot and killed.
I fear you might be right...
i'm so glad i've seen the light
Cyber Monday Sale! $399.00 dynamic website with FREE hosting and domain registration for 1 year.
lmao cuz u wen 'ah' like when people let out a huge fart haha
OMM. Yes . but tomorrow i have to get off soon. in like 3 min ill ask my uncle if i can stay on longer
What is on #romney's american flag lapel pin?
El Salvador baby!! Let's get it!!
hehe glad I'm not alone. Also we should all meet up for drinks/happy hour soon!!
how did your presentation go?
About to do a yoga workshop. Then jetties for my weekly treat and then home to chill for the night!!!
Watching my close friend reveal herself on Holy moly! It is awesome Sarah!
aggressive on a tues night .. I want stories
I noticed that too! Are our fans just that much more chatty than others? Or is this a sign of some awesome news?!?
Rinne got interference Kay
Thanks - We're psyched.
Start working on you since you don't think your job values you.
Guten Morgen new followers Welcome to our twinning tweets!
<U+266C> RIP Davy Jones <U+266C>You will be missed
Cyclops is right across the street from me now. We use Belltown Pizza as the last stop. Great peeps and yummy slices.
thanks for the follow!
Merry Christmas to all my Followers!!! Aloha and Mabuhay!!
The movie Take Me Home Tonight did not have the song Take Me Home Tonight in it.
It was a blast and I learned a lot. Thanks for pairing!
RT - Pronostico de Super Bowl XLVI: New Orleans Saints vs New England Patriots.
I always forget that hype doesn't always equal anything at all. Some bands are just boring.
snuggle snuggle snuggle
I think it's because I'm on my iPad... Or maybe it's the apple product?
El Pastor would like to thank everyone for the culturally rich weekend. Everyone will be updated on coming events momentarily...
have you read E. Childers Riddle of the Sands? Good sea / spy adventure.
Gonna try to sleep( hopefully ) !!!!!!!
please do!
I think Arya Stark and Sally Draper should be friends that rule the world.
Done! Paper submitted, heading home from work. Too bad I have an 80 hour week!
was great... Even tho I sprained my ankle :(
Happy mother's day sluts
- hopefully more art museums will provide such services.
Those folks at have no imagination.
That's great news. I keep all my receipts from everything I can't wait to c how much we get to write off
thank you. I would love to schedule a call and pick your brain on ways to monetize calls.
indeed RT : A: () Collab internally... Participation is huge w/user behavior & citizen engagement (!!).
My mom <3
same here
Sidenote , #SLS12 is trending...Again! Keep it up
have to check that out! My last two trips so short that I have not branched out.
Hello, world, I'm back on twitter!!!)))
“As one person I cannot change the world, but I can change the world of one person.” - Paul Shane Spear
110 The Gate first floor lounge at 12-- Table Talk on Twilight-- Team Edward or Team Jacob?
Happy Resurrection Day!!!!!
oh my gosh! You have words with friends? Can I play with you? :-)
I'm strangely intrigued
Would you partciipate in an online workshop to get the most out of your next Disney Vacation?
Chilly-O Dance Party on 5/22 This Tues Free with invite or $10 Ladies Free before 12.
Believe me I'll never be perfect so take me or leave me
oh Louis. That was an obvious one with the carrots haah.
Because putting the table of contents in the back of the book helps how?
I like my country rocking how about you ? ;-) so excited for tonight
i should have but it was a big test if i failed i will have to have reading next year i dont want it loll
Actually, Thomas had 27 with 7 threes, according to Playmakers coach Sean White, in 59-49 win over ECI Prospects.
yo ass silly
Happy to take over cocktail duty => Anyone hav a cloning machine? 1 of me isn't enough 4 all the sessions, meetings, cocktails...
Excited to be hanging with my man tonight! Don't think I've seen him since Sunday!
I know but still
Liverpool will never walk alone. Which is good, because these days, the club needs a couple shoulders to lean on.
Go Syracuse! BTW, hard not to appreciate Billy Donovan. He is a classy guy!
Wet nails = eating popcorn with a spoon = girl's night!!!
Congrats dude
Awww :( *gives you a head massage* there..all better!
Will do! By the sounds of it, it is probably going to be later rather than earlier, which may or may not be better for you
Pretty awesome that Thor was Captain Kirk's daddy. Not so cool that his late Captain was the man that took Tony Stark hostage.
I so believe this is the hottest day we've ever had in Miami! #scorching <U+E04A>
how about your home grown social network. What was it called ?
Can't wait to see at the Beacon Theater tonight! SO PSYCHED!
Yup, only rivaled by Jock Jams........
. "I love you from the bottom/of my pencil case" - The Beautiful South
I'm in LA now! Are you taking care of ? You know how he gets himself into situations...HAHA!
Thank you much! So glad to hear my musical passions are having a positive effect on people! Cheers and all the best
Great! Looking forward to seeing you all up here. Looks like #ASC12 has been fun!
Looking for a special place to spend St. Patrick's Day? We will have several special cocktails and NO green beer or little plastic hats.
going to a party right now.!(;
Happy Birthday Nigga Bro ! Have A Great &Fun Day ! Love You Mamas ! :) :D XD
I hesitate to attribute the oversight to malice or intent but it seems easy to propagate a false, plausible story.
Thanks Matt. We love having you in the Tribe.
great idea, ever considered a career in counseling? my self esteem is through the roof right now (unlike me)
We're interested in doing an interview with and wanted to know who to contact to proceed further!
putting together the reading list for 2011. What books do you want to read this year?
Wolf, PLEASE start a conversation about abolishing the electoral college! It would be really nice if EVERY vote counted. TY.
People be acting like smoking weed is a sin this days
Spanish, british, french voices cheering for this game makes me think about the awesome unity of heaven..maybe just tired & hyper-spiritual
so much for "safeway " living up to its name in Arizona, huh?
In Seattle & love UFC? Well, you should be following !!!!
Amen to whatever you say God
And don't forget the old "overused buzzwords" post. It's best of breed.
I'm only in town for one night so let me know if you down to ride
Shane going hard but getting tired but he not giving
Why was I holding that vegetable? The Iron Chefs are somewhere shuddering at the sight of this..
I'm great. I'm in the office rather be enjoying this great weather :)
And thanks 2 all who played, including , & Set ur alarm for noon next Tues 4 another chance to win
& were really AWESOME! Great performance, you deserve a great future! Happy of have heard you :)
Hello Sun! Very frosty morning. Lots of housework today. Dog park excursion later. Labrador rolling in frost.
She's amazing on the dancefloor
Have you checked out VDOT's Facebook Page? If not, you are missing something www.Facebook.com/VirginiaDOT
Oh California traffic, how I've missed you so!!!
In a word: wisdom. A1.
Everyone should follow
Thank you Palm Desert for another great hang!
Fuck I want my key!!!
Is it even possible to own too much John Paul II memorabilia?
I think it just means I'm a basket-case sometimes. But honestly, it's great to be back. :)
Tierrasanta concerns were addressed by Rik tonight at Chinese Church. 20+ res's showed 2 canc'l CD7 debate.
Can you help me study for a midterm?
it's available on browsers too ;) good to see ya this weekend
On the bright side, I hope that means 2003 is coming up!
..well, have to say, I was never one to follow..and rules need to have that ring of truth, feel me? Or that would be a "no", sorry-
- congrats to you all. Enjoy the day!
I was on the services at the Crystal Cathedral this morning - lots going on there, but still, a gorgeous place to sing! Glad I was here. :)
thank you! Following you now, follow back to stay in touch.
mommy wars are so 2011.
Well I did not make it to the next round but thank you so much to everybody who helped!! You guys are amazing I <3 you all!!:)
How can gas go down 5cents, but goes back up 10cents, crazy!
With just 15 hours remaining until our 2012 Climb on March 24th, we have raised $123,279.28. That's 91% of our goal of $135,000
On this day in 1862, an engagement at Apache Canyon in the New Mexico territory foreshadowed the Battle of Glorieta Pass two days later.
I am number four.
ChrisLillywhite no problem! Enjoy your evening!
You should go out then! Have a Rita on us! ;)
Nashville Predators beat Detriot Red Wings in 5 games. It was crazy there last night. Im looking forward in the next series and have ticket
If you're having trouble managing your life I recommend reading 'Getting Things Done' by David Allen
lucky you when?
happy st. Pattys day
Living the Amish lifestyle, while creating AI...Interesting,
Sunday, September 19 @ 5 PM | Question Reality on LA Talk Radio | Randy Bailey | Reality TV Star of "Survivor" | www.latalkradio.com | Ch.1
Ayy, you just wait til the end of the year, i bet imma get my 5 bucks cause me and her are still not friends lol
nun just woke up :/ tired
Thank you for the LOVE! What do you do? Are you a magician? Where do you perform? Share with all other shasticians!
no chance he take questions. that would cut into his next workout!
Nah real talk. She caught a stray bullet. She is in a wheel chair. She's good though. I just try to spend time with her.
snack..snack..snack..edit pics..edit pics...beer..beer..beer.. :)
I woke up to love from lolol
well gee thanks ! you going to school out there?
Moss always looks great in practice because there's no adversity in practice.
A day of tiny defeats: burnt tongue, missed subway stop, (polite) interview decline from John Waters.
I'll be fine<U+263A>
There Goes The Neighborhood
Good night I love you
Lake Louie will be debuting four-packs of limited-release beers this June. First up: Radio Free IBA, a black IPA.
Help me, Boise. Seeking a compassionate dentist w/a good chairside manner. Laughing gas a plus. Esp. Interested in women dentists.
Preparing for a looooonnnng day! I'm gonna need some coffee to get through this :)
bronson you know duane wilson is better than you right?
Encountering awkward Indian guy at the mall < < <
RT Great night at the #HHAwards last night. I've been so lucky these past 2 yrs to work w/so many awesome people on inspiring shows.
Hello summer in LA. A beach day may be in order soon.
are ya guys having spaghetti after the voice? Is that why Kristina is wearing a colander for a hat!?
and the fb thing is funny as hell I think.. But I'm gonna lay off with all that.. Face to face is more fun
You Guys Are My Everything Without You I Would Have Noone To Look Up To :))))) RT <3
I won my game, so I'd say it was a good night!
Mellow Mushroom >>>
RT : Miss or not, Kobe would have took that shot...
Really? Who has plans? RT Survey: Only 40 Percent Of Marketers Are Using Google+, But Many Plan To Change That by
you could be out on the streets. Ya know backroads & such(:
rain does seem to bring out the worst in DC area drivers....!
Hey thanks for follow, that is a really weird description you use
Ann Wolpert continues to advocate for and toasts the future of this extraordinary univ press. curiosity is incurable!
A girl gains 3 points on my scale if she can run fast.
Colorado Honor Band, a music group for kids, is having a concert on Sat. 7/17 at Clement Park in Littleton- Come!
RT : this is bigger than Super Bowl 2 us...UNC TARHEELS vs DUKE DEVILS
Have a beautiful late/early morning all u glittering twittering sweetly glimmering twitterverse people. Blessings and love to U!
If she never mentioned ur name on any network she prolly not claiming u
I know, it's a follow friday, as in telling my other followers to go follow you. And I'm thanking you for following me :)
So happy I've finally watched "party down"... its making working this bat mitzvah much more enjoyable somehow...
aight. Hit my email when ur done bro.
im bored, i felt like tlking on the phone but now im sleepy lbs
Want my own place with my rules and my stuff
Newborn Hurt In Minivan Crash Into Building
ANNOUNCING LATE NIGHT HAPPY HOUR ON ALL GAME DAYS!! From 9-close & excluding Sundays since we're only open till 2 :) cheers -LR
WINE-down Thursdays! all wine bottles are $20 tonight TELL US, How do you wine down?!
Today's Magic Relationship Word is: PASSION
vomit-y. that's what it would be like.
Wow...just gettin off Roosevelt redline and is already kickin!!
I'm not so upset at the fact that I have the exam, im upset at the fact that I have to go to class afterwards.
I wish i had the Power To ignore You. Like You ignore Me..
Please say a prayer for me. Having some heart issues. :-/ I'm in God's hands though...best place to be! :)
Lots of people out and about in downtown Portland. Nice to see. Step it up city of Louisville.
Need a Thursday night pick-me-up? Try our stuffed shells w/ garlic bread, salad, & small drink for only $7+tax.
you're welcome! always nice to hear when somebody likes our articles, thanks!
It never fails. I drink a white Russian and all the sudden I need to go bowling.
Get that white chocolate shit money bitch!!
Why be in a relationship if you want to act single?
I've got it!!! The prefect combo of sexy & scary. ;-) Happy Halloween!!!
Fueling up then off to brave the crowds for holiday shopping
hey hun how u holding up im far from a superstar im still trying 2 reach 4 the stars in my hood lol
“: Thunder are making the Lakers look like some P.E. All-Americans!” HAHAHAHA!!!!! So true!!
who wants to skype me?
I used to luv tweeting...but now I never tweet
Nine more hours to go....
Queen Pins Bowling Shirt Costume
“: "I'm not saying that she's easy, I'm just saying that she's been under more sheets than the K"”dammmmmmmmmmmnn
Somebody please pinch me because I think Im dreaming!!! :)
Some people told the sheriff's department that the loss were "unruly."
lo thanks for being nice about it
Let's have a Twisted Thursday with Miss Twist Ice Cream !!!!!!!
Hey ladies please check out my youtube channel if you want to learn how to do makeup :) please subscribe and comment.. more videos to come
#FridayReads The Borrower by Makkai - adventures of a rogue librarian. Is there any other kind?
Unpacking my suitcase and doing late night laundry
How does a football player make phone calls? On a touch-down phone.
This work day is dragging!!!! :D Ain't that wonderful......
nothing needs to make sense. feeling is more important.
I am good
I left the Isles Omaha game, made a lil before the game broke up, it will probably get going again later, maybe I'll go back tonight
OMG WHAT WHAT SLAP THAT LLAMA YOUR DAD OMG HOW COULD HE
Let the Games begin
I kinda see that, I think the problem is an overall lack of fundamental values and sense of community
compromising the safety and integrity of ANY country or nation is considered TREASON!!!
Brewers win AGAIN!!! Wuhoo!!!!!
dude. Over 30 to be announced!
what's up?
What can I say? The kid basically created the "get discovered via " musician marketing plan- Gotta respect that:)
Holiday hugs to all!
Time the fuck out...iCarly is ending?! Excuse me while I go cry myself to sleep.
Just got an evo for Xmas. I believe that just about slams the door shut on the 20th Century.
"What would you have done if i kicked you in the balls?" "Said fuck you I'm eating a snickers"
alright, quick brain break before I move on to finishing this doc...
Happy Monday!
thanks for sharing! Hope you are well!
feel better hun :-[
oh ok...hope pops come thru for you!! Good luck!
Come back to me
#NICKISGREATESTPUNCHLINES Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
I really want to go to concert in LA! <U+2665>
No bike ride today, thunderstorm warning! Destructive hail, 60 mph winds, deadly lightning heading my way.
Much Love
I'm sorry... Doneguys can be such asses...
The Troops Want #RonPaul! Vote for Ron Paul tomorrow #SouthCarolina ! Do the right thing.
"Haters let ya know your doin something right" :) Happiest girl on earth!! :) :) :)
#quotes Every creature is better alive than dead, he who understands it will rather preserve its life than destroy it. Henry David Thoreau
“: I'm suprised so many ppl are shocked at how the women on #BBW act when I know several that act as they do in real life
RT Down and Derby tonight at the Beauty Bar! See you there! 10pm. More info at www.downandderby.org
Sex you UP ! #BoredAF Oan: I can't get him out my head.... <3
fucking sweet! What timeish any idea?
oh hi lol
Like most people I can be lazy, so it's nice to have a goal or deadline or reason to work out
this song makes me think of ;D "I Wanna Be Bad" <3
RT I didn't buy and EOS rebel not to take pictures of something like this..
This school is lame
it looks like the photo was taken out west. Maybe he has trouble with high altitude. Dunno why he picked the neon blue one
#Mavs need to make every open look and build back up a lead as Lebron is going to be very well rested for the 4th quarter.
Bruins are awesome...
Craving some Pepsi...
Don't victimize yourself, you're just setting yourself up for failure.
Got my flu shot today. Guess it's time for the weather to get colder.
A friend is always good to have, but a lover's kiss is better than angels raining down on me.
hahaha you're right! I needed to correct that to say *almost all
Who's tryin to type these papers for me?
Diversification of ideas to social problems can happen through multiple charities and not put it on the govt.!!
Saturday morning sounds like train track building and the washing machine, pretty peaceful.
: the lion burns before sunrise Sunday.
I wish I loved running as much as I love pizza.
so I disagree with u watching triple h documentaries...I disagree w/ him even having one -_- lol
I think a re-make of The Sting is in order casting Brad Pitt and Robert Downey, Jr. Think I should move to casting. Agreed?
A couple of facts about #models 1) They don’t look like that in real life. 2) Models consume very few calories compared to most people.
ask for a follow...i really dont want to break 800 because its even, so if you want a follow...you must ask.
dead to this world I'll make it on my own.
Did you know that a cholesterol-free burrito exists? Just choose Veggie, lose the cheese, and ask for Mild Salsa instead of dressing.
Hated on so much passion of the Christ need a sequel - the game
I am so happy for Austin, but I miss the times when he had more time to spend with us. Especially his ustreams.<3
Johnson's pick for most influential composer of the 20th century: Igor Stravinsky
:) its such a great night glad tomorrows friday only 2 days left at cbz veryy sadd but got A new job
In 1888, an Egyptian peasant discovered an estimated three hundred thousand mummified cats in Beni Hassan, Egypt
Vargas looks good. The boy got some heat.
RT : RT : Your Help is Needed to Restore Critical Funding for MCC's Adams Arts Program....
Please follow, i follow back :)
Mayweather being accompanied by Bieber is pretty ridiculous
did you see our video?
INSPIRATIONAL LEADER: !!! RT : Who are your #Clippers heroes of the series if you had to name 4 like I just did?
“: Making texting while driving illegal was dumb. Everyone still does it, now they are texting and also trying not to get caught.”
you already kno bro. I just wanted to know im headed in the right direction. Might fuck around and finish it tonite lol
Not a fan of the NHL seeding system either. Completely ridiculous. FLA only has 9 more wins than NHL's worst team (CBJ).
To reflect the value placed on collaborative research, USC must develop fair and consistent standards in assessing work
On my way to #giveluckachance to see and
The first is "ladies night" with a HUGE selection of fine and costume jewelry (new and vintage), clothing, shoes, accessories, etc.
Don't date wild hogs they're a bore
You tried. RT : I thought MTN was going to slay too. RT : Wow, I thought Where Have You Been was going to slay.
!_!.|- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
sat sept 24 my bday party going down @ club 241 in bx 4637 White plains rd. Mention it for me please and thanks. :-)
PPL is busier than ever which is why we need your help! Please give to our annual fund securely at www.portlandlibrary.com/donate. Thanks!
Happy birthday! You're anazig'
thank you. i think so too. :) xoxo
Check out-husband or wife-REMIX summer anthem @ ft FWM wuddup
Looking forward to the lunch and learn session with !
Gravitas is great for promoting a false air of intelligence.
Now following follow back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Senior is off to Phoenix for casting today!
Good #boxing and #ground workouts the last couple of days.
Of course!Keep up gr8 work!
Every time you complain about people comparing THE AVENGERS to TDKR you're just continuing the conversation. Let's just stop.
What happens on the road..stays on the road.. *giggles*
can I get a 70 foot head start?
Gotch ya. The one I have is more IT, than dev
What's worse: living above a guy who blares Red Hot Chili Peppers all the time, or living above the Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Money make the world go around
happy to see you are tweeting again (and had a great time on the cruise!), i was having withdrawal symptoms :)
Jealous! sounds awesome. Live tweet! Live tweet! Live tweet!
I am the technology director at a private pk-8 school in Memphis, TN.
Got to love the Bond we have !!! go check them out they are a must have for every girl
haha that sounds like fun :)
Free hot dogs! Look for our booth now next to Pioneers Museum. And while you're there, let's talk issues.
Listening to music in my own world <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Put your hands all over me.
avengers with the parents
I think wealthy individuals should be drug tested before they are eligible to receive their tax breaks.
Sound tweet 3 - discovered Purisima Creek south of Half moon bay - nice melodious creek. Boys voices discovering creek creatures.
I think UNC is done if they don't get their point guard back!
that's certainly been our experience. I wonder whether that is mainly because we humanists just don't know them?
How about Chandler?
I know.
Seriously, though, always good to hear how the leaders in the field approach thinking about things.
I really hope women aren't participating in No shave November...
I'm guessing the same people with toning shoes also have a "Shake Weight", acai berry products and a "Slender Shaper". Morons.
LOL Good Morning Baby Girl :)
what? Only your first? Stop lying ;)
Off to the bowling alley for some fun. I'm going to count it as my cardio for the day : )
Came to Starbucks to study but I'm tweeting-texting-talking-shopping-getting free refills instead.
my favorite place to play
Thanks Liz it was great hosting you and all the impressive group at the quarter
"Goodnight Fred" -Dad "What did you call me?" -Me "Fred..." -Dad
The morning northbound Redline blows chunks. (will complaining make it come faster?)
South Park Street Pizza Hut serving campus great deals on great Pizza and Wings.
Tutoring for K-12th grade students Adult Classes also available!! We are a CA State approved Supplemental Educational Services Provider
You do the most and the least
Kobe is #MVP! I don't care what anyone says!
yeooo you can rap ode!! keep up the good work! you way better than these wanna be rappers at my school!!
I agree definitely liked the contents, good catch I think Halperin took him up on their offer...
the best blunt ill ever smoke is when im in the crowd watching A$AP perform... itz going down
We will be auditioning DJs for a special event so if you or any of your friends are looking for an opportunity MSG us!
: sure thing -- congrats!
His lowkey ass need to come back out
Getting ready for the VSAE Fall Marketplace in Richmond!!
45 minutes til departure. And december Indian summer NYC
Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights. Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight
For the record, I'm not hurt CJ left, doesn't matter who it was for. I'm not a bitter fan that feels betrayed. In my book, he is ...(cont)
Ken Starr, you sonuva...
fund-a-mental... j squared x driving range... do the math...
I want cheese on mine
Up and out early today. My lil sis graduating from NorthEastern University today. Bout to check out this ceremony.
oh, I think sometimes he thinks about knocking an easy chance wide or just whiffing (at Norwich, when thankfully RVP cleaned up)
Construction upstairs sounds like it's being conducted by a mournful Wookie.
My favorite phrase at #Walgreens: there is no waiting in cosmetics.
Follow back?
same to you.
all please ask your friends to follow me so twitter will alow me to follow more people so i can follow you back
Happy Birthday!
David Baker @ the NEA Awards mentioned Elvin Jones' recording in 1972. Guess who the bass player was? Yea, Lieb. I'm thrilled at Ur success.
Shows every morning in Times Square this week at 11am for camps and school groups with Woo hoo!
My customers know that their customers appreciate a safe clean storefront free of gum dirt and grime.
If you smell smoke, don't worry, that's just my kitchen on fire.
Nervous. RT If you had to describe yourself as a child in one word, what would it be?
Old school pencil sharpener! :)
Want to talk faith? Here's what I believe in. This state. My home. The ability of its people to care for strangers and neighbors.
Members Card Dodgers ML -105 (50 units)
Thanks to #ChinaAnneMcClain, star of "Ant Farm" for her 5 STAR review of Actsophia Lite - "It helped me be an actress I got the part!"
can you please follow me?
“: Sally, we know you're a Souper reporter! You don't need to wear it on your sleeve...” Don't taste the soup!
He is the worst one ! He talks to all these girls who are bestfriends , like they're not gonna tell each other
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.(:
Just when you think things can't get any worse they do Rock bottom is good solid ground and a dead end street is just a place to turn around
good meeting you at bunk. Check us out at www.thecyclesaloon.com
Woo hooo ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Rather be with my bub than a fourth wheel...ugh
I swear ya Ghurl can show out in the kitchen
I Hate Hospitals
Way too many people on twitter are "killin it" right now!!! That is so "epic"
Q4 Socializing can be challenging, what pat phrases do you use to get out of awkward "food situations"?
I'm from PGH too, where we wave at strangers who smile and climb in those crumbing factories and turn them into new things
omg I sware math is not the same without u !!!!!!
Good night my dear followers! *kisses*
Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer. Romans 12:12
Why don't we make fun of people's voices more often?
TOMORROW is the night! Cleveland #Critical #Mass Halloween Ride!!! Come enjoy a great time with Cleveland's coolest people!
Less than one week until we headline a 17+ show at Subterranean with ¡Outernational! (). Hosted by from
Getting paid to do nothing.....
I'm sorry but I've always been supporting And I don't want them to leave
get well soon Big Red!
same here! get well soon!
Lowkey it surprises me how oomf is highly religious
I was having visions of where/ how far this could go.
Creates jobs in the US.
Missing #NCAAFOOTBALL when the only thing on the gym is a Nic Cage movie
Giants Thrilled to Land Rueben Randle - New York Times (blog)
When you find shit out after the relationship/friendship is over <<<
The Titan Agency Selected as Agency of Record for Mortgage Provider Generation Mortgage
great. great. spent time with the fam. now school has started
Thanks for putting a smile on my face, friends. Hope you're having a good day!
New Years is quickly approaching! What plans do you have for your New Years celebration? (PG responses would be appreciated :P )
think you have been hacked...getting spam DMs from you. :(
What's a motto? Nothing what's a motto with you?
Emmy Lou is still one of my fav live music experiences. Outdoors in Winnipeg before a crazy storm + northern lights
Die in a fire, Google Chrome.
I love Soup Otzie's now, too! Love. them. Fabulous beef stroganoff soup with huge whole wheat roll (log!)
man!!!! Those are hella ugly!!!
Paramore Is My Number One trending worldwide <3
I'm having one of those moments where you need someone to say something but they don't and you feel hopeless.
Today? home opener, then, game. Yes.
Today's Pearl: Gratitude is the best attitude. What are you grateful for?
Sorry all, our website was under construction the past few days.. Prizes from the Halloween Photo Contest will be awarded ASAP!
if you were to play for a NFL team, what team would it be?
They'll be out by 2014 or so.
work interview tomrrw (x wish me luck!!
MT And I thouhgt it was only age RT : RT Eating foods with high fructose corn syrup zaps memory and brain power.
Hi people :)
Thanks to Lucille Milne for supporting our production!
y so serious calm down xD
Why my teachers always making us mail stuff to people.
Who online #teamxbox add me #gamertag #Will J 545
Going to bed , got stupid ass school tomorrow .
oh girl, do I have a story for you...! can't wait for tonight!
I know! I was hoping the #canucks would make it a bit longer; what are you doing with no hockey? : )
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
Crab Crib 5820 Johnnycake Rd # 100, Baltimore, MD 21207 we have small, medium, large, jumbo hot steamed crab and more...
what do I say??
Thanks for the #FF !
Swing by Philly and enjoy some delicious, small batch ! We'd love to give you a tour.
O will be watching!
using a laser arm scanner, photos will be taken for color via postprocess
I certainly don't care & you shouldn't either BUT is reporting that ricky martin is not getting married.
Thank God for: sweet tea, country music, 80 degree weather, and the South. Amen <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
sad huh....on digital billboards all over the state!
when nani gets home from practice he's gonna be so surprised <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Fiona, Now that is a fabulous pun!
Can you follow? I want to DM you a quick question...
Why be afraid?
I LOVE YOU GUISE SO MUCH, OKAY. JUST REMEMBER THAT.
Say what? Twitter says we're following you. Hmm?
AvaHost Web Hosting Presented a New Easy-To-Use Site Builder. - Houston Chronicle
caught you at blue note last yr...studied w/Peter at MSM...been a fan for years. Congrats on all!!! :)
: I'm sorry to hear that. I get posterior tibial tendinitis all of the time.
Hey there, (kiranveeranki), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
What's absent is tone of voice and nuances of communication that are important as you develop.
That would be dope. I can't decide on where to go this year though, so many options
I'm bout to eat dinner yeah I said dinner
This tweet is making a serious statement.
I think i just broke #etsy. My bad.
LA's Concept Fashion Week! We're so excited!
Anyone know where I can find a creative commons or otherwise free-to-use, newsprint quality image of Jessica Sanchez?
Nevermind, I'll find someone like you.
Hurt me with the truth, don't comfort me with a lie
shorts? It snowed today...
Some days, tucking in time is the best part of the day... sleep well.
There's a lot of Latin music I do like. Mariachi... not so much....
S/O to my newest follower following back now
babysitting then Boston with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>
Id never thought I would ask anyone this but would u marry me
you deserve it! This weekend took a toll on me, but my do I love seeing you out and about!
you know what it is
shout out to Keith! What up my friend?
Oh I forgot all about that movie.
Breathing in the beauty of the day.
are you happy 7 days left untill its christmas ?
haha me either. If I win $2 I'm gonna get excited haha
20 girls all done up cocktail style- a lil too much vodka, that's what we call a bachelorette party!
anything for you
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
I'm still sick but my room is nasty<
yeah. goodnight everyone
I showered first
This!! >>>> “ #TwitterHasTaughtMe Ppl who said they fuck with u really dont”
It would be smart to visit or go to a camp there first and if you like it then you'll know it would be good for you(:
Yet another accomplishment for Anthony Davis, the NCAA freshman record for blocks in a season.
follow me cunthead
Rain. Wind & Snow. Be careful driving out there! The 1st of 3 systems from the Gulf of Alaska just in time for the weekend...Brrrrr...
Like a lot of things in life, when you put the gloves on, it's better to give than to receive. Sugar Ray Leonard
superpal has 0 tweets to his name—because even reading his true voice would cause you to spontaneously combust.
We couldn't think of a better reason to visit SF, Kurt! What are you looking forward to most about the conference?
Highlight of last night was my friend Nicole winning Zamboni driving lessons. She had that on her bucket list. :)
Bring it!
Negativity is contagious. Negative energy surrounding you will have an impact on you sooner or later. Keep your surroundings positive.
I love you (:
Calculus, music, calculus, music..which to work on
The Piedmont Chinese Association will be hosting their Lunar New Years festival at the mall from 2-4 today!
ahh...the good old days.
Seriously this bitch can't even take care of her own baby and she is pregnant again!! I had to buy the baby food and diapers
I was so disappointed when I read an interview in which the actor said he actually HATES cherry pie.
thanks for coming to the Online Community Manager's meetup. c u !
Good morning friends!!!!!
poor baby!
Razorback baseball at 5:30 Go Hogs beat Florida!!
as long as you get ther lol how is youre day going so far
Juliette Gordon Low believed passionately that girls should have the same opportunities as boys.
Ah thunderstorm!!! This rain is nuts!! There are like foot deep puddles!
I dunno, I don't have a problem with him because he's not a great coach. Great recruiter, so I don't like that.
NATE KAEDING K CHARGERS CURRENT K
I treat myself to the "good stereo" cranked up with favorite music so it's more enjoyable.
Thanks, Andy!
Thanks, I think I'll need some luck! Many people recommend being a specialist in iOS development. I want that to be Core Audio for me
After further review: #Blake Griffin's 'dunk' wasn't a dunk...more like a curveball...slider...
can I borrow her this weekend? I've got a few hundred thousand for her to go to town on.
Psycho Circus retained their titles. Also Octagon &amp; La Milicia turned on La Parka. Bizarros made save. La Parka rudo run likely over
49ers reward GM Trent Baalke with a 3-year contract extension.
yes. just chillin
Executive order!
What up, Amanda? Hoping your smiling big & making A LOT of noise in NY! Looking forward to hearing what you're up to, boo!!
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
So many men, so few who can afford me
follow me pleaaaaaaaaaassssee
Feel a little bad for cheering against Duke, but very happy to see #Lehigh beat the Blue Devils.
your account is sending spam.
It really is funny! Denny wants to try it on the boy too :-)
stop spamming, spammer.
RT : In papers filed today, #LaurieFine is suing , Mark Schwarz and Arthur Berko for libel.
Will you follow me too? Thanks! <3 love mad makeup skills!!!
i played fable 2 one time and i thought i married a grimy looking person until my kid turned out to be black.
Save 20% on All Peanut Free Sweet Tooth products! Use PromoCode JULY4. Happy 4th of July! Valid until July 4th. www.peanutfreesweettooth.com
Fire Alarm in the #Bellagio right now #WTF I was walking thru he lobby. Moving on to the #Aria now.
Wow Derrick Rose is out of the playoffs after tearing his ACL.
thanks for the invite! Rock onward!
You Down for the Cause?
#homelessyouth Eric Rice, USC data supports use of cell phones and internet: vital tools 4 re-unification, housing, jobs
seriously city gov, my street is the streetwalkers toilet. Lower CV is a disgrace
thank you luol keep giving me reasons to keep believing! Great game love you guys
Had that sweet jump-back midrange jumper too. You can't defend that.
i am counting down the hours til i see you saturday! <3 xoxoxo
Games that look good in College Hoops on Sundayto cover the spread are Wisconsin, Temple, and Ohio State. Good Luck and Happy Hunting! Coach
i aint gon neva text lol or omg or smh all that fuck shit come up with sum new shit strictly for my N's
No wonder the iPhone 4GS sucked....Steve Jobs was too busy dying
Yeah for elementary teachers!
hey can you come on a trip to Colombia with me?1
well he's 11 lbs now and will get between 60-75 lbs so roughly 6x bigger haha
Loss today was a complete team meltdown, can't lay that just on Orton.
When the bank calls, i feel like the bitch from Scream, answering the phone for someone who's trying to kill me, lol
Let's close them out tonight boys!
One of these times I expect the braces wearing teen to punch her invisalign wearing sister in the face.
was just thinking of calling my mom to see if she wants to come.down. With the hound dog its hard.to go to Md.
Thanks for the follow Bryan!
Mattress shopping is always fun......
Next thing you know we'll find out that Lindzi's Mom's first name is Fonda!
RT Lmfao at everyone that is working out to and are now walking like a dinosaur xD
was looking at me & she dropped half her food Lmfao I'm that gorgeous :)
Thank u Uncle Kent 4 teaching me 2 always ask 2 speak to some1 at the top. Cust service @ the US Dept of Ed is like talking to a brick wall.
RT if you're online!
'Abdu'l-Bahá is conducting a lengthy private interview this morning.
I need to get my brows done ASAP!!!
Can't wait 'til next weekend? Come see at the STUFF store in downtown Delaware tonight from 5pm to 8pm.
I had a lot of good intentions but I wasted them on people who didn't deserve them.
11.15.1938: Any Jewish students who are still attending German schools are expelled.
Who wants a Happy Hour this Friday?! Tweet us the Places Page URL to your favorite #HH spot so we can decide on one!
WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT ACUTE LOWER BACK PAIN
we would love for you to review our product for your blog..message us your address at Thanks
The word "downtown" is wrong! It should have been "centertown" or "middletown".
lake park bistro
hey there!
#middleschoolmemories Dodgeball and not being a member of student council.
no prob ask for me and I'll make sure you are all set
make sure to follow our league's tweets at for all the news around the league
We want to give a shout out to everyone who voted us through Round 1 of Music City Mayhem! Thanks so much. Stay tuned 4 updates on Round 2!
staying mad at people ...#icantdothat >.<
Much respect to you Stephen for speaking the truth about ethnic sensitivity. Society's plagued with false racial discourses.
also if you have more than 3 kids, bring an extra adult.
Child seat or GTFO
wup bro, gave you a shot-out in a radio interview today!
Let Common catch Drake slipping lol
#WeWontWork if I have to pay for our dates all he time
Dunno bout it being the best..You may have gone for the opening but I'm going for the big closing and Snoop&Dre 4/20!
“: Love this! RT Thank you I got a friend to come today-he gave his heart to the lord!”
no thank you.
Squirrel on Ice age>>>
#cookingtip Use a potato ricer when making mashed potatoes. Cook potatoes without peeling, halve & then use the ricer. Huge time saver!
Probably so
hmm, I'm turning 47, not sure think its after 50...
I'm live with the boys on , now let's see what this 50 Shades of Grey is all about. ZenLive.tv
I'm going to pick up some Rocky Road for myself to make this evening's TV experience perfect!
Quickest way to break giving up swearing for Lent...watch the first half of the Wisconsin basketball game.
Did you end up riding this morning?
I Kant wait to travel
Couldn't figure out why my white jacket was all dirty and then I realized I was wearing it Thursday night
dylan's blog..
All I can think about is that loss
I'm now tweeting for work! Follow me !
So excited to bring the word tonight!
#ACFamilyMeeting Beautiful Mistake!
is the only person I know who says "many happy returns of the day" when he wishes someone a happy birthday. <3
feel better girl!! Sorry about your wrist!!
Follow me. I love your #Boyfriend cover!
Get off me world! I'm trying to stand up!
Is it that time of year already? #Ravens fans start to freak out only to later find that Ozzie knew what he was doing all along?
Gonna take her for a ride on a big jet plane. Gonna take her for a ride on a big jet plane <3
On my bully
Good running into you the other night my man, let's do some drinking soon!
that horrible moment when the story you've been planning for 2 days appears on the front page of today's paper. NO!
lmfao u knew it was comin!!! “ *waits for Lacey's tweet*”
Cold.. n sleepy.. but wide awake.. make since?
I know that would be a dream for him. I just hope that I get to work for him one day
20min power nap - GO!
Hooked up my get fresh partner in crime with a ma dukes tattoo for v day! woot!
great meeting you too! definitely tweet or email anytime :)
what does that even mean.
Haha.. can i watch remotely? uh.. bring your computer & webcam to the theater.. I can watch through your webcam! :-)
Sure. Where and when? Probably in the New Year is best.
Diamonds or Pearls??? Hm
You're welcome. At least you finally got ATL!
Work Hard, Play Harder.
you guys are fantastic!
they should start giving away tickets
lol. Love it
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...avoid interference...for some people HELPING them could be the most HARMFUL thing you can do
I love you so much even saying your name gives me the "love chills" :) <3
The grind starts now
Your life decisions make you who you are. You learn and grow with each choice you make and that's a good thing ~
Heavens Yes
Wishing everyday was a Saturday -_-
I know you're tough, but it must be hard to LOOK tough jogging with a turban. ;)
This is the deep and dying breath of this love that we've been working on.
you got hosed! Judges need to recognize! That was a 30 point dance!!
Love ppl who act hard on fb! Haha
the one I went to it was called palatitum idk but it was big idk if it's that one
Bears got lucky, freeman was coming back, fourth quarter comback is his specialty.
Lots to love! Have you been recently? Some great summer specials. #aromas in
Stop blaming the world for your problems when you yourself are the problems, but remember, you are also the solutions.
is that in a day or a lifetime of how long you spent on twitter
Remember folks, sign up for our newsletter in order to get specials and event notifications.
Great news!
what u doing over there
he wasn't very friendly so it could have been that he wanted to upsell.
I love
okay then
And I really miss talking to her too. We used to talk all the time about everything. I feel like I can't trust her any more.
so they could've reviewed it?
bray that my lil brother sir that just fucking wroge <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Crowd source question: when hostile emails are forwarded to you, how address the topic?
Happy mornin' everyone!
LOL, good call. : Looks like we're playing prison rules.
Currently reading The Wealth Cure by - So far so good!
Got a smile that'll hold you together & a touch that'll tear you apart.
Threw a football in the park and toured the Delta Queen ...so hungry for lunch
COME ON SHAYTARDS FAMILY LETS TREND
Excited to see Toyin in yr top 10 list! She exhibited at SOMArts as part of last year's Murphy & Cadogan awrds
No actors are!
Who's the new guy?
Dear followers: you can support by RTing today's bootcamp & deadline announcements. We've got 2 weeks to drive applications!
You're not alone. People think it's just like Arizona, but we're actually too high up for that kind of heat.
tell him they made a good decision :)
I still need to write it. Not sure quite yet which direction to take.
I'm tired of allot of mofos
It's 3am. Time for a diaper change. You are almost done. You don't realize your baby is peeing everywhere. You are indifferent.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! I WOOD START CRYING CAUSE OF HAPPINESS.... AND SCREAM MY HEAD OFF!!
Great meeting at headquarters
The 45th Infantry Museum Event will be an electric feel after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
how many people do you think will have the sudden urge to dial that number now? I know *I* had to restrain myself...
i'd love my jesus piece back. ur my idol and hero. id love to talk to you soon man. great show. fresh nikes the whole time
Spent an incredible day at the Innovation Leaders Forum in Boston. What a fabulous learning & networking experience!
I heart you :)
Thank you for the follow!
Anyone else from going to #sqlsat118 in Madison on the 21st?
thanks 4 following
Actually I was thinking. The topic of the one at 3:15 sounds a bit more interesting. I can cut my class few minutes early? You in?
- Here in Baja Ready to see the fights ... Can't wait...
I miss you,
Done! RT Follow the hilarious new host of LIVE!
we'll be in town for #nafa2012 this weekend! where's a MUST-visit dinner spot near the Renaissance St. Louis Grand Hotel?
One day I`m going to be on that show
just read that 44% of NC voters said no to #amendment1 so that's good news & means to me that
you aint gta wonder bout me wonder women
Finally no Monday morning blues! My teams all won this weekend! Happy Monday!
Op-ed "In the American Jewish dialogue on Israel, extreme polarization reigns. " What do you think
Wassup, Wassup, this you said u cudd sponsor me in ya magazine! Well HMU! How much it cost??
Thx for recent RTs: Hope you're having a mahvelous Monday!
Not sure when the shift happened, but all of a sudden I get most excited by aviation news and repins from my pinterest boards.
will be performing 9/11/09 at Mr. G's Cafe for Soul Cypher in Rahway, NJ. Then performing again on the 19th in the city
Checking out the tulip festival today. Looking forward to all the colors and smells.
I want that. And whatever you're drinking too.
Congratulations to Erbi Blanco-True from Great Florida Bank, winner of the 2012 AXA Businesswomen of the Year Corporate Award.
I love because, I LOVE MACS
Was interviewed last night for Rhino On Air by Hostess Beth Rosen in her Radio Show segment "Lights, Camera, Action!" Interview coming soon!
my apologies. I didn't even realize! Will you ever forgive me?
Today's my oldest daughters bday and tomorrow's mothers day..this weekend should be fun and expensive
Hey ! Don't mention my friends and me in the same tweet unless I ask you to.
"We men may say more, swear more: but indeed/Our shows are more than will; for still we prove/Much in our vows, but little in our love."
I know wait til they hear what we already did
Starting tonight we're offering 2 for $25 dinners every night! Come out & see us!
I think I broke my truck.
"Thank god for the county lines that welcome You back in when you were dying to get out. Thank god for hometowns."
So since you are taken I have a new crush on that Nats guy named Bryce Harper..think you can introduce? cc.
crazy security today at #neara11 VP Biden better give one heck of a speech
Cwells and Randy go walking and she be with tevy no time 4 b.
It's kinda sad that my big week revolves around the season premiere of "Glee"...yep, officially that lame.
Cathy Watson notes that young males want to talk to males at the clinic.
Getting my tonsils out in Jan. The Surgeon costs $575. The facility costs $3k. The anesthesia is pending. Gotta love our medical system...
You guys are cracking me up tonight. :--)
Chinese food for lunch.....deliciousness
I'd rather be hated for being honest than be loved for being fake.
ah, record keeping :-)
What time graduation start anyway?
Chris Vanderveen will sit down with Gov. John W. Hickenlooper on Wednesday. What questions would you like us to ask the Governor?
Come check out the band "tickle" great fun 9pm
retweets? I'm lucky to be tweeting......
Houstonians sign up for www.mydailydeals.com and they'll donate $1 to Lucky Dog Rescue (www.luckyrescue.org) for every email address.
i just watched all of your youtube videos, you guys are amazing! <3
“: Lol . that #awkwardmoment when says she hates her face yet she's gorgeous !” Thank you!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
About to strangle she's a lesbian who eats my skittles
yes, please!
please follow me! Love you so much:*
haha yes i take a break when i'm sleeping or driving too ;)
Happy Holidays to all!!!
your never too nice
Six Principles Every International Negotiator Must Know: Concessions Easily ...: By Mladen Kresic, Published May 13, 2012 It's a worl...
FB bought it, shut it down
My sis say I'm Hollywood y'all. Follow her
We should eat barbecue. Too bad we live amongst the heathen, with no barbecue.
“: Ozolnieki Akin posted a photo: oh wow wednesday send your pics please to xitecontent; if not for the hair on her head, ht
I love you <333
Wonderful that you got to meet ! Loved "Pattern Recognition" - brilliantly fascinating. Looking frwrd to 0 History.
"Nobody can work harder than a Lynchburg College Hornet," says John Riley.
Whitney Gone???? RIP
Dreamt in the form of half an episode of Gangland. #Racine, WI, you dirty old girl, you've commandeered my subconscious.
I knew would never fire there dollar, I'm glad u lost wish u go to TNA brother!!! is holdin u back. bye "$"
Lou is a high volume, low percentage shooter
Peach sunset smoothie
I agree with Andy, very comparable to Stallis.
Ah #Unlv how i did not miss you this weekend in california lol
Good idea? In works? “ #downtown #parking #app...show what's open...compare costs...guide me to it w/ GPS.”
Why do I feel like I'm the only person in the world with season tickets and not at the game right now not fair
I think the community does a great job at defining specialness. It's worth asking them what they want!
Damn shame, then.
run in transition and get the ball to Billy White
Yet another snub Jules ! ;)
you're so welcome and thank YOU for reading!!
My last retweet was 31 days ago. Go look at my tweets and retweet them!
Joe's Stone Crab in t-minus 10 1/2 hours ... #CAN'TWAIT.
Tomorrow - April 25, 6-8PM: The Language of Experiment in Literary & Non-literary Writing. Held at 19 University Pl., Room 222.
Slugs and snails are after me
everybody has a chance with Bosh probably gone til the finals. But They still gon grind it out til that ring come
I almost literally spit took.... taked...
the winds of change are a-blowin'
Lol why everybody actin' like they never been to Walmart before ? Traffic just went up x20 in Kapolei -___-
Worst fucking pain in my life.
LOL you would fit in perfectly here in america! Do you also like cheese?
yeah, we do. Let's get together like Friday or something. I took a vacation day at work.
it's great I love it
Aaron Craft's cheeks make him look like he always had about a pint glass of Bushmills before tipoff.
Thank you so much, Tony!! That list is missing you! Have a wonderful end of week, my friend!
Catch tomorrow for Live at 9 (am) to see our Hard Rock Rising Memphis winners, perform April 17! RT
Content requires the same attention & iteration as development.—
What's wrong with bitl.y?
What's ur favorite drink to order?
feels good to run again after a month of sitting on my ass <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
welcome back! we should grab a beer when you've settled in!
Hahahahah. Hey all you little children looking at this, don't fucking come close to them. LOLOL.
True. I hate Liverpool also. Was so happy to beat them in the F.A. Cup. (Rangers in 5)
Social jet lag harms health of millions: A European study warns that the frequent mismatch between our natural wake up time and daily...
MR. PRESIDENT!!!!!!! Have you started your transition?
Mary J. Blige - I Can See In Color - 05:22 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
My baby has a shoulder injury may have to miss his first game this Saturday.
as long as you know your POSITION & play it GREAT... all that other stuff don't matter!!!
Visual Intelligence's Dr. Armando Guevara is announced as the key note speaker at the upcoming ICM Congress of Mexico.
I'm a total ants 'n the pants today. Fidgety Flo over here. I think I've choreographed enough for an entire dance routine under my desk.
Austin-Twyman Papers at Swem - an unvarnished record of slavery in Buckingham Co., Va.
Some guys just wanna be friends, we are not all pigs that wanna get in your pants
dude, they look so sick!!!
Do you know of any good #sushi puns? Go ahead, maki my day.
Grey's just gets me. I love Meredith and Christina. And I adore Arizona. I will throw stuff. I'm serious. And I will cry hard.
Whats up! If you like us, follow our friends in Hermosa Beach
That's dope.
Oh MY God its Paul Heyman! #raw <OVER THE LIMIT12>
send me the link!
ALMOST DONE
I have tits . . . Can you milk me?
I will give ANYTHING to the person who does my precalc homework for me
you ladies rock my socks right off. here's to boingboing handshakes and awesome projects moving forward
well maybe this summer, who know they might be ready for fall
Happy Holidays and much abundance in 2012 to !
We have to talk.
how about you keep to science related topics instead of sports? Okay? Thanks.
Of course PotP didn't move Metro riders. In most cases, employers, not employees, decide when employees work.
Ugh, what a day. On day 2 of the HCG diet, its a tricky one
Last time driving into Latin Academy with
im mad though! I was gunna have drinks at applebees
the comments on this article are almost as interesting as the initiative itself! fascinating reactions... :-)
what would be the reason to exit the vehicle when the dispatcher says you don't need to do that?
Ranch dressing is my hero.
Most deserving and least shocking win of the night! Congrats, Christopher Plummer #Oscars Wish "Beginners" was more of his character.
They usually wait to strike right before the pinnacle of your day's contentment. (Check out that educated sentence! :D)
Hope u had wonderful meeting with mentee! The Dav seems 2 be popular spot. Saw another mentor/mentee meeting there earlier 2day
When I get a house of my own I guarantee you imma have a strip pole installed in that bitch.
yup, we're all volunteering you
And here’s a preview of the first few chapters, so you can see what the ebook is like
you have the funniest headlines hands down!
tru, how you like it up there? Lol where are you
nothing man chillin. You?
has a blog that really is Most Optimal! Or -- another term that means the same as keeping me up way beyond my bedtime.
I just can't cry anymore
titanium us AMAZING! Please reply? You never reply to me )':
Thanks for the RT! Can't wait til #Cincy gets a King Records museum...someday.
Got the programming track for BootCamp See you nerds soon!
Again what you're doing is important. Well I guess good night. And I hope your suns win cause that's what you're worried about..
#FunFact people who don't watch the news know more news that Fox news
Getting my daughter ready to go to grandma's
7:19am in Minneapolis & it's already 63 degrees. Yikes. Glad I don't believe in that Global Warming bunk...
Kansas or UNC!??? Who u got
I got a bitch number in my phone , I dont call her phone , unless I need her card
your BACKside...lol! (You make it way too easy)!
Nope, #WeNeedAnswers now! Lol RT : ill explain it to u later lol
haha random but alright :)
Hahaha. What did I do?
That cat keeps touching me!!! Tell him to stop! I dont like it! I just a baby!
Big news: GOkickball Columbus Spring champ & runner up teams will be invited to play in GKB National Championships!
dreamers, you see everything in color while the world is getting darker. love is on it's way.
Racial pride can buff nuts
#iNeed Sum Weed Man... Somebody Call The Weed Man iM Tryna Get High..^
I almost forgot why i hate Sundays
i dread to think what new followers that tweet gets you, but i'm up for some playtesting if there's an easy way to participate
did you get the new shots? So excited to see your post!
From "Chicken in Every Pot" to Drone on Every Corner in 3 generations. Go to your City Hall, see what Traffic cameras show 24/7. I DARE YOU
Thank you for the mention! Have a fantabulous weekend :-))
The devil was really working today he still is with his faggot ass.
. Help us take the State Senate back #Nov8. Your vote will help us get a Republican majority.
Checked out the video's about your positive transformation your glowing with positive energy!!Peace and Progress!!
on flannel Friday's new site: MT Super Awesomeness to get me motivated again :-)”
y u laughing he saw u scroll
Check out the new video featuring the saxophone styling of Ryan Roscoe & and a most energetic performance (again) from Brian
what up homie.. how u been?
This is for my nieces HAPPY BDAY JUSTIN! They are MAJOR FANS #neversaynever retweet 4 them please
the men of my refined social sphere like it when I use the clutch to rap their posteriors whilst shouting "harder".
At the Flying Saucer ... The Triangle is all grown up.
"Speed Limit 55" < it's never specified if this is the upper or lower limit. I vote lower
read it again
Thank you for a beautiful and riveting book! Finished "Aleppo Codex" last night and thinking of reading it again.
Wisconsin craft brew tasting tommorow. Enjoy artisan brews with artisan food. Informal buffet tasting.
We Love Selena<U+2665>
Got asked to prom(:
I'm about 90% sure that the only time I get sick is AFTER going to the doctor #surrounded bykidswithgerms
iTunes just made me re-agree to the terms of service
I don't know how far that Peguero homer flew, but it had to be well over 450.
Nah, I'll just stick that jersey on the shelf for two years while TT learns under
seriously don't know what i am doing
Life is precious and sometimes short..... Enjoy everyday like it was your last.....
I can make a video about it, hit my email list it and tell my minions to sign it OR ELSE!
I sprayed #SOMEDAY on my brother and he admitted he liked it (;
what the fuck is this feelin...
sure thing! Fantastic post!
Wish me luck trying out for America's got talent!!!(:
Iona looking really good tonight. Siena beat Iona too
Its raining, its pouring...I am staying warm by drinking !! :)
Man I been workin hard today. It's time for a break.
good way to step up in da clutch lil bro. Eva Pro good job Lastnite! And thnku. 2 all my fans and supporters !!
your movie looks awesome!! I'll be around #AFM all day today. What time is good for you to meet up? -Dan
Dayzfresh Calendar Model Search Poster!!
Fuck you Monday! You are a huge asshole!
I love you the most.
OK, Umps in Sri Lanka, why warn KP over his switch hit? It was long ago ruled to be legal, was it not? Giving in to intimidating tactics?
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew, think about it.
- Welcome Vincent! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Well its time to take a brake on twitter BYE!!
Im insecure, but im strong. Im alone, but im loved. Im sad, but I smile. Im broken, but you'll never know.
Baseball is too easy for the Rangers.
perseverance, dedication, talent, wisdom, humility, patients
As we grow older 2gether,as continue to change with age. There one tin dat will never change. Happy Valentines Day
basketball den party prolly
hm odd. you would figure it to be the other way around. maybe Philbin was never that high on Flynn even in GB
thanks kevin! I'm mailing JVC agency!
Raise your hand if you're wearing ORANGE today!! Happy Friday the 13th!...make it a good one!
you'll definitely want to bring a book or three for this trip!
click it and play it
Was up a little earlier than usual today. Made a real breakfast and mailed some invoices all before 8:00!
Just watched my professor counsel a client at her other job. I feel so inspired and reassured I am doing what I love at every experience!
yep. Nothing new there
we are post-
that's right! I guess we can start talking Bears now.
I'm giving in I need a blizzard #dairy queen here I come :)
Titanic 3D was ammaazzing today with Brooke Crouch and (: and #worthit psshh Tyler!
Tonight's dinner special: Spaghetti Bolognese (lamb, sirloin, pork, briskett), $18. #dinner in #downtown #montgomery #tonight is awesome
Everytime I listen to Kanye , I get in a "I don't care, fuck you " mood...
Just saw this, how are you hun?
"I'm the kind of guy that can fall in love with anybody. I don't love with my eyes, I love with my heart." - Niall Horan He's so adorable!
Leo is in the building at the Latham poker club.
Thanks so much for coming in tonight! Hope you're having fun at Power Plant Live!! Stay warm out there!
wonder if Stanley will know he's been Phished?
everything happens for a reason.. i just incorporated my company yesterday...
well that's for darn sure!! And deserves a retweet!
TGIF! Check back within the hour for a Twitter-exclusive rate at Hotel Carlton in SF. Code will work for a limited time - don't miss it!
Yes I hope!
Kinda feeling this draft...and by that I mean The nfl draft and the beer i am drinking...
thanks and you too. And keep waxing them legs!
Found out we got a $20k grant, great way to start off a Friday!
how's it like on sats?
and by free i mean working my ass off all summer to come up with money to pay for tuition which is now over 8 grand. Thanks SSU
Exactly! RT : "I've been in the same situation--it's VERY uncomfortable. You try to shrug it off but when it keeps happening.."
Looking forward to 40's next week! Anyone else?
Haha Okay!! i will get to it asap..I have Bg to make for other ppl to. :)
Next live show in 2 weeks: May 4th at ! Arnold's is ALWAYS crazy when the brass come in!
We've been too busy to tweet thanks to you all! Nice to see actors getting busy and needing headshots! DM for your Twitter discount code.
I'm learning from men/women but trusting from the Father.
Hey if you wanna stop sucking ass watch dustin brown play puck. He actually gives a shit about his career
is performing for Creative Summer Camp tomorrow! We hope that our dynamic programming inspires our young audience to dance and choreograph.
What's a chicken oyster? I'm imaging something from Dr. Seuss ... with gravy.
Babysat little Travin tonight! He was so adorable!:)
I needs somebody to go to Epic Burger with me. I've never been.
Im done listening Mrs.Collett
You're at Cavallo Point! Beautiful place.
Having a dog makes you a better person. I would never have gone out in that cold just now if it weren't for Baloo. I am numb but it's ok.
Jump online & you can get it done pretty quickly.
Thanks for the retweets, Marina.
what lunch do you have tomorrow?
Trust me buddy the only thing that bodykit on your grand am is getting you is laughs
Skip, I would like to debate you this year. How can we make this happen? I'm not a celebrity, but I respect your work.
I cannot go to sleep : (
I wish everyone in the world shared my aversion to conducting phone calls within earshot of others. Please step outside.
not only not a good fit, but why goto a perineal loser?
What are those beaming lights in your photo? UFOs?
Child abuse correlates with lifelong physical and mental problems.
dont ask questions you already know the answer to dawgg
Sometimes, sometimes you gotta bomb out the women's room.
you cheater! I saw something six flags that reminded me of you. A caritcature of the black guy from the lucky charms com.(:
Jacqueline Budin - At the Heart of Responsibility - Passion for Learning to be Responsible to Yourself, ur Community and d World
it's random but wyoming just popped in my head I don't know why.
I am da hulk.
poor waitress didnt know what to do!! I'm glad she was concerned though after I said ”I dont want that!!”
Is the super bowl the one event where DVR is not the preferred way to watch it bc you want to see the commercials?
how's "Consolidation and Virtualization Demystified"?
First time having candlelight wings,wow
.....6 and a half months and counting.......and a life time to come...
Frank Haith not a top 2 coach in the Big 12 this year? What a joke!
DIW ADULT CLASS TONIGHT IS : SALSA , BEGINNER & INTERMIDIATE DROP IN CLASSES ONLY $15 ASK ABOUT OUR CLASS CARDS
LOL...um...yeah...well...I got nothing.
this is a complete change in music o.o
Winter is back in Chicago.
Thx for the tip. Trying now.
Morning guys
hey doll !! How yhuu been ??
Why would be block us?
Ah, you invested in Small World?
Social Media Coaching Special! Sign a contract with Charene Creative to design a new website, corporate brand logo or print marketing broch…
RT should be a losers bracket this year for the cup? Vancouver vs San Jose. Detroit vs Chicago. Pittsburgh vs Boston.
Damn, that's gotta be the best pulled pork I've ever had! Finger licking, lip smacking goodness on a bun! Whole Hog Cafe.
sorry I missed kick off party
Yea? But this place is nuts, so much to learn in so little time. Place hasnt even opened yet. Help? :(
"A bleeding groin does not sound good" - Kevin Harlan
Don't Forget About The New Cha Cha Cha Progressive Class At Just Dance Studio Tonight!
one opportunity, one moment
Things are very different now
This spam shit is really getting annoying !
MY LIFE IS FUCKED. I HAVE NO I POD WHICH MEANS NO LISTENING TO MGK . MY LIFE = OVER .
your welcome
Come to Saz's State house tomorrow and sing karaoke with your Milwaukee Admirals! 10 - close w/ Happy Hour pricing on beverages! The Finest
Shes a big one
that was a good one :)
We hope you all have a great Easter!! With that, what sort of ritual foods do some of you eat during your Easter celebration?
Hi jewels babe:-)
They say you can't leave turkeys out in the rain because they'll drown, well you also can't leave me alone with a bowl of french onion dip.
Agreed, go all in. It's like half coke, half diet coke. Just commit.
lol I'm already in minny
Fans really need to remember sports are cyclical. Pittsburgh had a decade of success. Sports Gods changin' things up.
RT : I told you it was a beautiful day. << Enjoying the "liquid sunshine!"
that was today and yes we believe he will be with him the rest of the time
Gorgeous morning
Got a great idea for a show
kitty still thinks aquarium is his private sushi bar. It's a good thing he is cute!
Even that thug you had on from Trump's office was embarrassed by your gushing over Ivanka, for walking a few blocks to work.
Sick drummer on Sick...
that's true, I am pretty unwilling to get up before 9am so delivery would be the best option.
And that should lock up my #kc +10.5.
Alot jokes in this-> I make a mean brussel sprouts & bacon dish. A winning dish. Serve w/white rice. no meat needed.
Where the smuts at? Lmao
Q: What does a blonde owl say? A: What, what? #RT if you get it.
So much for saving fuel!
You're not Jewish?
thank you Sam. Been gone a while. :)
. n n other tasty snacks will be stops. Fresh taps at the finish! Riders, start your training!
What will be the Erickson baby's name
Just gave the tired grade schooler next to me a fist pump of encouragement. Fair to say he thinks I'm insane.
why don't you cry about it.
but I was still doing my good deed for the day..o:
“I was never really insane except upon occasions when my heart was touched.” <U+2015> Edgar Allan Poe
i hate school
" love , less of a church more of ... a family , a #house"
We should aspire to inspire before we expire!
Just tore Austin to pieces Omg they went crazy I love Austin!! Mohawk tonite gonna b crazy
I would actually love to be a personal chef
you'll never know if you never tried
who is can you make another link
My mom just told me I can't live with my head in the clouds I think living like that is amazing
#WheniFirstJoinedTwitter I only followed and had a Gaga DP and thought I was the scheisse
What's wrong with dudes? Like for real.
ok, inquiring minds have to know, what in the world is frito pie?
Well it's official, chivalry is dead!!!
you need to work here!
I'm going today. Low of 19º F tonight! I'm pumped.
love it
Dead?? RT : Lil Kim look like what michael jackson does now
Rt let's go
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work~Thomas Edison.
"Don't you inherit your parents death?"-
yeah just like you get a lot of requests for Blind Melon
Which city in Spain is she going to? She's in good hands, Mr Dirmeikis!
NYC and LA both exercise but NYC doesn't wear sweatpants out to eat.
Let's go Orioles. You don't hear that from me very often but right now they r my 2nd favorite team.
Yo #sharepoint tweeps! I'm about to start an adoption study for new org-wide MySites deployment. Any advice or examples? Come at me bros!
ALL CLEAR. Grandview is once again safe from harm's way.
Bloombergs approval rating just dropped 20 points.
You're welcome :) I really love your crafts ! RT : Thanks for #amy <3
yeah!! That's my girl!! Xoxo
Was just reminded how easy it is to look like spam on here. Especially when combining links and exclamation points.
I can't spill and I refuse to learn how.
Wanting someone you can't have.
im home :o
how's the bizz down there..getting ready for superbowl I assume...u gone be mad partying..
Retweet! Support the small businesses surrounded by #occupysd. Coffee cart, Johnny's they're all part of the 99.
Stephenville! Get ready to party. We're headed your way!! Bostocks Bar tonight!!
RT : #WhitneyHouston #Amywinehouse #Ettajames....... Guess God needed the perfect girl band in heaven. #RIP LADIES.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks, and likewise!
Was going to watch the 60 min show featuring but after hearing all about the negativity being portrayed as current, I think not!
I know! I may become a sleep-deprived grump for a few (nine!)months, but I think it will be worth it!
Lunch with the team Avenue. We are celebrating the release of 3 new modules! Very exciting!
I'm done, I'm done, you won't win this time.
I Got Cocaine In My Pain In My Nose You Know...(8) #Tirso'sSong
“: Go bulls!” <Chicago Bulls? Heck yeah!
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave. -Calvin Coolidge
You won't realize the distance you've walked until you take a look around and realize how far you've been...
and amazing job today ladies :) Hope you have a great afternoon!
Awesome specials for #FightforNOAH pub crawlers. @ blue moose on Washington! #crawfish!
on the RT, thanks for the light.
Chilly day? Fresh Thyme, hot water and a little honey makes a great tea and is good for respiratory conditions such as coughs and bronchitis
Flying back home to Nash today. I can't wait to get back!
Miss me a little when I'm gone
"No one knows you like you know yourself." False, I don't even know me.
Now I remember why I go to gym or the bar right after work...so I don't have to deal with the rush hour commute.
No worries, have a great week!
It's all good, everybody was a kobe fan at one point in their lives
Must remember that cute 2nd graders fill early morning bus to downtown Oakland first Friday of the month #wheredoistand?
true were gnna make a beast cake !
Thank you! :)
Go Grant Generals! Grant plays Tigard tonight, 7pm @ Lincoln in the second round of the State playoffs.
Numerous factors are at play. Do you have a specific case you are wondering about?
Do you know where this was originally published? I'd love to know. Thanks!
After watching Chael on Rome, he'd win smackoff w/o effort. Harden wont shake Metta's hand, scrubs on losing teams don't matter
Oh how I have missed you #mountain climbers & #burpees...thank you for starting my day off GREAT!
- yeah, I knew you wouldn't know my last name but hoped the picture would help. :)
There's lots of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it. ~ Josh Billings
come over!
Going to the Roman Forum today. I know what happened to Julius Caesar was like a while back, but I still get nervous.
Nice offer of office furniture from our friends Thanks! We hope to be as generous to ourselves sometime in the future.
Hey guys, go to facebook.com/DeathbeatJam and like it! Do it! Por favor y gracias! :)
Twitter jail ? I think I'm on that ! FML lol
"And now I cooooommmmeee to yooouuu with open arrrmms"...man, Journey was HITTING!
#fngm starting ing t-30 mins! Faff vs Gee, the ultimate showdown.
#MedecoNexgenXT flexible access rights granted via remote authorization provided via cellular phone to key
The 60 degree weather made me realize I am nowhere near bikini ready
You can never go wrong with chick fil a.
I need Jesus
Hey Rich. Hanging in. Or just hanging. You?
#museweb This is great. It's exactly what I was thinking when we were talking about visitor curated exhibits. Adding it to my project plan!
dude i seriously love my bestie
What u gonna do? Drown in ur tears?
and I just witnessed 3 geniuses putting off fireworks on the rec fields. Five minutes later the police show up
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!! {:
Text me when you're here!
lol. Where is your location ma'am?
Just finished watchin BTR...they had yo write a song for the first time.
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs******
you do your homework,haha:-)
girls who smile with their eye brows up <
aw <3 thank you so much :)
Happy Hump Day! I hope the 2nd half of this week is more exciting than the first.. typically works out that way :-)
k..countin on ya
yes i am :) you can follow my personal :) i support them :D
WANT FREE BREADSTICKS?! suggest this page to your friends to receive free breadsticks today only! Only 72 "likes" away!!
RT : White Americans, what, nothing better to do? Why don't you kick yourself out? You're an immigrant too.
Happy Easter!
“: And, I'm from WI, live in Chicago now and Napa is my "happy place"
Jeez - pres of creative at EMI Music Publishing has never heard of Kickstarter
Eating dinner with the family talking about lol
"don't worry the spider is smaller than you." "yeah, so is a grenade"
I love how are icons were both token at the same place xD
Bed to myself!!! Babyface has left. I can get use to the shaved face.
facebook chat AND non-stop tweeting?...someone needs to get an orgo textbook stat before the internet self implodes
Trying to recall why I was following you.
Spring cleaning :)
I bet that will read my tweet!:)
I'm sorry, but there can't be any such thing as "good news" in the story about the hot chick with flesh-eating bacteria.
Haha, too funny! My cat won't even kill spiders...so hopefully I never see a mouse in my house, she sure won't help!
still home sick like a dog....arg...boo hooo =(
OMG. You said hot sticks. Care to put the "do" up with a rabbits foot bow?
Places I wanna go to : California, Miami Beach, Florida, Monte Carlo, Saint Tropez, Australia, Rome, London and Santorini :)
gotta get back to rehearsal. have a blessed weekend everyone.
congrats coach!
Thanks! RT Congrats to ! Baker’s Dozen: 13 Food Bloggers to Follow on Twitter
Whn we going to see it nesxt?
Work then weed then gym
RT - I'll show up again when loser Sparano is gone after the Jets loss in two weeks. Miami SUCKS.
If says ur cool that is super good enough for me! Welcome to the feed!
Mitch, I can't believe you even put A. on the list. That's ridiculous.
And here I was, envisioning you finding this in between the couch cushions or having it delivered by your ever-friendly cat.
me to baby:(
Kenyas weave is past the expiration date!
#oomf seems to always come to mind.
are u mad at me or what?
lol. You're still young tho. Enjoy the rest of your teenage years and think about guys later :)
Big L go so hard.
known of that video for probably 3 years now. Ask , we love it!!!
sounds like a future business opportunity! Kong retrieval specialists!
And I'll be in TX June 1-10. Yay : Yea your new bro is going to come with us to NYC May 28-June 2...Let' ...
definitely the grades. That is always what is stressed.
glad you loved the Y EXPO in San Antonio - we did too! If we follow u will u follow us back?
See you there Tara.
working the reference desk at #AFC until 11am. got any #folklife questions?
miss you guys!
remarkably good job - staying in neutral areas and using lots of change of subjects. that is a success indeed.
a bit delayed but thank you :)
that doesn't make sense( burgundy voice)
Digital Design Rocks
If jesus came back, i bet the US government would try to kill him, call him a crazy cult leader until he performs a miracle to prove himself
Just switch him on & off people.
Levin: Helping your children find their own voice
#IAlwaysWonderIf you think about me as much as i think about you.
The tongue is a small thing, but what enormous damage it can do. A tiny spark can set a great forest on fire -James 3:5
listening to recordings of my old radio show at boy has time flown by.
Wet Republic here we come. Its sizziling in Vegas, Come check us out
Thanks for the RTs
RT Definitions should address the foundation's work and be relevant to the communities and populations they serve
It's kind of amazing how fast I can fall.
All I could think to stock up on was mimosa fixins and mimolette.
I don't know about you, but I preordered 's book. I am looking forward to sitting in the sun, reading, reflecting. Thanks, Frank.
RT : #lovelovelove #soho. I've had some of my best brunches here!
LOL. DUNNO HOW TO ADD FOLKS. IS IT OUR GOOGLE EMAIL ACCOUNT. WHO THE HELL KNOWS!
You lied! wasn't in a bra : (
Motivate - When the best things are not possible, the best may be made of those that are.
on the fuel type, you might want to specify premium or regular - premium can be up to 40 cents more per gallon, which will add up
Rule #12 - When it stops being fun, break something.
Damnit... this game has me a little stressed
I miss my red hair :(
the one with the samples...yes, they look great
The same females that talk like they're in love on Twitter be hoeing too hard in person. Like get off of my dick before I tweet ya nigga.
For example, we try to express appreciation for each other every day
door i want on with a gray trimming tho
Well said.
cool. have a great run... and yes, I need to channel my inner slow.
I hate 355. 294 is way better.
Hooray, say "hi" when you stop in.
I kno rite
Yeah...it was stressful. You know how High Strung I can get lol
If he loves me fat, and that fat gives me diabetes and hypertension - how is that love?
why can't you guys have a tour date some wear in Colorado or Wyoming??
Deno also probably see the 201-11 team going to the final 4 either, STFU.
Make right moves but never fall from doing you.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine.
Thank you my Linkedin friend. pfb
Hot DJ Action
When I up and leave Memphis again nobody's gonna even notice that I left this town in the dust...
I am really not impressed by them. Next Gen Science Standards seem poorly thought out.
^^ your welcome
Got a 9am, what I am still doing in the library
Wow, looks killer! Great work! Did you code it yourself?
Headed to Santa fe
Oh no! We went through the lost and found yesterday but didn't see a hat. Sorry.
I need to start volunteering again.
lmfao lets go play mini golf
This dude helping me paint this story we having coming to yall in June. Journey To
Think you meant "can't" and you're right. Guess the Sox believed it.
I must say, there may have been a bit of back-patting.
Miles and I would love that!
why not we get bullied by banks and WallStreet.
FU for planting the seed in my mind. Now all I can think of is getting a cheeseburger at Squirrel Cage.
thanks Luis. We should be putting up some more soon!
thank you <3 (:
River Park Branch Storytime every Wednesday in February at 10:30am. Call 282-4635 for more information.
Did I just see astro mess up on the live performance of #XFactor ? yup caught that one, not a good look...at least he kept going
Get your picture taken with our Bieber cutout tonight from 6-6:30 around the fountain at the Rose Quarter! Each pic gets a chance to win it
awww I wish I could go :( but hopefully I get to meet you one day, could you please follow me :)
i'll will check it out; great suggestion! thanks muchly :)
nopee im American. :)
From a man who named his Twitter handle after Volk Han that means a lot. One of my favorites from VIRTUAL PRO WRESTLING 2.
Run up on you niggas like a runny nose I got the scrape in the backyard like a muddy hose point that gat in his face give him a bloody nose
My favorite summer salad - fresh mozzarella, local tomatoes, homegrown basil & balsamic vinegar
Make sure the promise your brand makes matches what it delivers.
Hard boiled eggs, naked green machine, kettle salt & vinegar, amy's mac & cheese, arizona green tea, and some vanilla frosing. Yea dinner
Might be sleeping at my babes tonight <3
That is a true shame. Poor babies.
alot of things
Thinking of cutting the little mustache that I have for graduation.
6 miles, 54 minutes personal best. Is it to early to start dreaming of running marathon?
seems to be a better way to get Skype than the website… maybe I'm doing something wrong?
April 12th #TwitterThursdays begin inside Endless Music be there...
Wished radio and tv would announce/display how much time left until halftime was over
Apple needs to hurry up and post when they're gonna come out with it...ferr real!
Doesn't mean I can't like some of them for who I think they are or what they stand for as people outside their jobs.
NEW SONG tonight! Check it out spread the word: Facebook.com/currentsfl
girls jus say u dont wanna chill if u dont want to #stopbeating around da bush
You doing better.
that's amazing, congrats!
keep telling yourself that...
ight hold on
Going car shopping this weekend. Any suggestions?
Yep! On the docket for the next week or so!
yes. What is your name? I wanna follow u
yea im commin
Thank you Mr. President! The same people fighting this issue tooth and nail, fought African American voting rights.
Because i would kill myself? Dumb question. RT : Mackena, Y U NO look in the mirror and shoot the first person you see?!
Sometimes You Have To distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If not, you know where you stand
Ellis (HSII Engineer): "In Melodyne, it's pretty normal for it to act strange regularly." Me: "Sounds like most of the girls I've dated."
psssst hey(; I cant wait for #believe ! I bet its gonna be AMAZING ;D ahh i wish u would notice me right now
took a friend to airport
im confused on your relationship with caitlin... like family friend? girlfriend? psycho fan? lmaooo.(:
Nowhere, unfortunately...just picking up.
ah my finest work yet!
Wait - more details please. Not much on their website. YouTube video demo? (please or please...)
#ttiaunity had a great time last night at the Unity Diner-very well put together!
Can anyone recommend an awesome Century Bike Ride?
lol hockey is awesome especially if your there...
Baby girl roll like a #BOSS :)
when someone accuses their 'other' of cheating.. 90% of the time it's because the one accusing is cheating or has cheated.
If #Colts win tonight, I will personally schedule your furnace tune-up for $39.95! That is more than 50% off the normal cost of $89.95
How's the moving going ? Are you ready for conversations every day at work?
That's really good!
I have that rule too but def breaking it for RT : forewent my no-zombies rule and started zone one.
the truth for any problems
Face was swollen last night <<<<<<<
#Greys Mark can't die.
uh huh!<3
Like it, but not sure Triangle can support 2 pro teams (as well as UNC, Duke, & NCSU) and MLS regularly draw 15k+
My body actually looks like an old banana, but it's fine
I want to start illustrating and making prints and stuff.
I do not speak French lol
huh? what happened?
Always be suspicious of tech consulting firms that only have female executives in HR or Marketing...unacceptable! There is usually a reason.
ding ding ding! Correct!
$2.75 MARBLE pints today....Drink up Albuquerque!
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: I don't need to ruin the institution of marriage, that was done a LONG LONG time ago!
Schneble - Online, how do you catch who is sleeping?
I want some Olive Garden chicken alfredo.
its easy to share the truth you and Leduff are the best in the local area
and HE totally didn't see that coming!
Hey Ocho...stop tweeting and play some ball, you're not in Cincinnati anymore!!!
It's HAAM Benefit Day (Health Alliance for Austin Musicians)! I'm playing at J.Black's on 6th St. to support the cause, come on out! 8-10p
#2012 hopeful Mitt Romney in DC area this Thursday. Speaking at Bethesda North Marriott Hotel & Conference center @ 6:30 pm.
Sharing about your teaching/work needs to be directed in order to get intended responses, not just constant happenings.
I became Lifetime member today!!! "If it wasn't hard everyone wld do it. The hard is what makes it great." #nevergiveup EVER
Davey, you're my favorite kind of Monkee! RIP
#ThatOnePersonInSchool That talks non-stop.
Some bs if you ask me
A warning to people from Nigeria: If you get any emails from Washington asking for money, it's a scam. Don't fall for it
Great. Roz will be there starting on Thursday for a spell. Would love to see you.
Yum! RT : It’s Tapa Tuesday at our Nob Hill location. 3 tapas for the price of 2 After 6 pm. We’d love to see you.
my bus is freezing
Tebow can't pass at all
a guy I knew in college had a rotten tooth and he pulled it out with pliers.
Dan Mooney - Milwaukee actor on "Mad Men" tonight - nice job Dan!
Very Special Thanks to Ivan Messer for demonstrating his TIME featured, Florida home theater for us. Quality experience beyond description.
Your sapost to have your own image, Stop following and lead
he lives in sum place called New Rochell
I can't wait till I'm off, I need cuddles and a nap!
I h8 how they give us a lot of homework and expect us to do it on friday and saturday but really we do it l8 sunday nite.
Lots of buzz in the press today about our ultimate Father's Day package. Play football at Soldier Field with 17 of your friends
Blessings on the birthday of Mother Mary. Gratitude for all the gifts and blessings that She gives us.
Preparing for #entourage tonight? The Man's Soap opera.
RT : You will see more tweets than usual for me the next hour. I'm tweetin' into the #PRWebchat ! Come join us :)
please thank the fine folks at for keeping #BASHH free and chipping in for drink tix!!! :)
Aug edition of our Plectrum Artist Series will feat: Jason Labbe & Jeff Michaels band on CWB from 6-8p on unregularradio.com
Yeah, you guys are all right.
I tell ion gaf so why test my tolerance?
Judge Brown QC rules in Gledhill v. Bentley Designs case concerning lawful termination of agency agreement: [2010] EWHC B8 (Mercantile).
He who allows himself to be insulted, deserves to be.
"I saw on Facebook that..."
Ah, you could always lean out and give it a shot- you never know
haha. You still the bro though. I DM'd you son lol
well and you?
hopefully everything turns out not soo badd .
who wears pajamas?
Thanks for the RT!
prom night was the best <3
Best not discussed on twitter.
Remember we serve Poulet Salad everyday. When you get the craving for a crisp salad, we take pride in serving them.
I'm going to start a Z100 "Moves Like Jagger" tally for the 4-6 hours a day I spend in the office. I expect it's into double digits by 2 pm.
same here
that's good! Thank you, and you too!
Don't fucking grab me by my wrist and pull on me. Stupid ass!
I'd say imma pro.
If you havin CoD problems i feel bad for you son, i got 99 problems but some sleep aint one.
Hopefully soon bf. Im dilated now but my due date was for June 7th
#ThingsIHearEveryday stuff about you
Going to spend morning at his house
Home from another fun Drinking Skeptically. Good people and great conversation.
and now im luu_2112 ! :)
whoop whoop! So excited!
They should be "listening" to fans and learn how this years draft unfolded on Twitter. Lot of potential there.
Every time I sing at karaoke, all I can think of is and how amazing it would be if I could sing in front of them..
Jason .. Thanks for re-tweet. appreciate it
Jk, Tristan's my bff.
": I just finished reading and thoroughly enjoyed Senna's Where Did You Sleep Last Night?"#justread//me 2 bold honest memoir
“Fitness - if it came in a bottle, everybody would have a great body.” - Cher
That white boy is getting his ass beat, Today is definitely not his day
Shrink wrapped hunger teased at Costco.
I WON THE #reds vs #SFgiants GAME IN FANCAKE! BOW DOWN TO MY GREATNESS AND WORSHIP MY FEET!
Students enjoy data analysis process when software programs offer fun, interactive user interfaces
i still wish i could call her mine. yup.
What, you can totally just wing it. What could possibly go wrong? It's just oil...
These new songs are pretty good - not sure why they weren't included with the album, especially since it's only eight tracks
Right behind u
I've seen the bottom and the middle. I'm just trying to make it to the top.
I was mad today, this boy PULLED MY HAIR in class today. I WAS SO PISSED. He was like it wasn't me. Then later he saw me and said sorry. WTF
Don't it just break your heart.
yeah I know he doesn't dserve the followers and suscribers.
Adele killed it!
Great attendance at Ensuring World Class Readers Policy and Research Forum
You know New York, Unique New York, You know you need Unique New York..i still dont understand how you say this so fast? RT?(:
tweet-fury
Real shit Today my last day
lol I will be there saturday
“: RT : Watchin Con-Air<U+2B05>he's got the whole world in his hands”LMAO, he was awesome in that role!
oh ok then what up cousin Vet!! We need to have a family reunion to link all our lineage! Its so many of us I be lost!
I hate when they show someone on tv with captions at the bottom of the screen when what they're saying is totally understandable.
Fact 1: The Wiggles are actual people. Fact 2: They've got Aussie accents. Fact 3: Show needs subtitles. #Donthavekids&learningcurveissteep
This looking like a good weekend ...hangin wit my girls Friday afta work, clubbin wit my Joe Saturday ....I got a reason to party
Those in the Triangle: turn on a radio/TV or pull out your phone. Tornadic storm heading toward Durham/Raleigh.
thank god, i didn't want you to get raped or something
Random q: Do any of you restrict consumption based on where something is made? (i.e., made in USA, not made in China, depends on good...)
Seriously? Well, we'll just have to fix that :)
is it any worse or better than tofurky? I'm not sure. It just makes me think of Atwood's chick nubbins.
al STILL missing...oh
This is a great day in Miami!
they would want to!
Never take advice from a man named Jimbo.
thanks for the retweet -
Yay, it's my b-day 2day:)
Nap time before dinner & the concert!
not complaining!
Cole Hammels fined over 400k for drilling Bryce Harper?! The MLB better not go soft like the NFL
I like teasing people too much through text, by pretending I'm mad.. its hilarious that people still take me seriously and apologize LOL
Oh god, is kimye a thing?
` Ugh I Hate Being Sick !
Thank you! I heart soup. Would miss it.
This morning represents NEW - an original moment, a beginning of something, a first step in keeping with your hopes & desires - Choose it!
Tell me about the beaches there...
thanks Chip!
Looking for a BPA-free brand of canned goods. Does one exist?
Talk to MY best friend in private while I'm out here on vacation bitch please that shit can wait til I leave lol
we love future engineers. Help us dream bigger
Overheard in the workplace: I feel like dog ass. (No, I'm not the one who said it, smart ass.)
Ah man this is gonna b great did ya'll c DMX drink straight outta that Hennessy bottle oohhhwweee!!!!
I get to go back to the gym in the morning... I am so giddy. I have a new goal in mind.... Time to put work in. ( Thank You)
Movers are here now packing up the last of our things. So exciting!
may adjust extended benefit eligibility to maximize receipt of any federal extended #unemployment benefits cc:
this is Dee the this is the dude
You hear your favorite song, turn to your friend and sing it dramatically.
According to the Tulsa World, freshman Wes Lunt is the new Oklahoma State QB. Interesting decision by Gundy, but not surprising.
i am super excited to see Jeff Mangum at
n'aw don't thank me #wearefamily :D thank you and I've followed back!<U+2665>
#THERLES "When Keeping It Real Goes Right" Finish This!!!
Dammnn RT : Channing Tatum was a stripper when he was 18 years old.
Doing a 10-day cleanse with Whole Body Cleanse. I highly recommend this brand. Very gentle and great results. Now if I wasn't on deadline!
RT : The Journal needs volunteer writers for its Convention issue. Copy Deadline: 4-23. Email:
: preaching to the choir on that! Hey you guys ever news any gear or help out there let me know. I still have that insta ...
and that large print copy of voodoo river is out right now. LOL. As was the book that had gone out 192 times.
Ah!! Just got my first car!!! The Scion (xD) so fucken amazing!!! xD
of course the ! RT: Also - big game tonight for the 1st-place #Stars & #Caps. Who wins?
Let us help you with your marketing contact us today for your free consultations a value of $99. North east fl 4074864387
So pleased to be working with to help create happy workplaces!
who am I kidding... Round two this weekend with ! :)))
She was on a mission, it looked like it could have hurt. lol
OMG THB I love all of you but some of you guys really have low self esteem. Like who cares who the boyz pick to go on stage with them
that's what we used. Oh well. Astronomy is hard, haha.
Whats up, lets go to church together #nohomo RT : u right and that's how I will find it
TWEET ME
I wonder what the people who really believe the world ends tomorrow are doing tonight
As the grace grows nearer my theology is growing strangely simple, and it begins and ends with Christ as the only Savior of the lost
We're excited to see people already posting their session ideas for #thatcamp Southeast!
remember when sleeping lessons was the song of the beginning of our friendship
Green Bay or bust.... Road trip or expensive vacation??
RT : Last Q! 6: Ideas for getting thru an anti-social media person if he’s never so much as created a LinkedIn profile?
listening to taylor swift woo
#SideChickBirthdayGifts <A pack of SYNTHETIC hair from the Beauty Supply
Haha yeah your lucky, she is awful. :/
If UK wasn't winning, he wouldn't have anything to write about.
I mainly ask Qs to understand their POV
Are you volunteering at the conference? Please join us for a volunteers meeting in the Chesapeake Room at 5pm.
Cleansing...getting ready for what's ahead.
Today my number G+ followers surpassed my Twitter followers.
Crushing on after discovering The Voice.
Happy mama day
Thanks--but I am looking for#edchat options for Spanish (only) speaking teachers of all subjects--rather than language teachers
hulk is the shit
someone has to keep a body on harden.. he is at 7 and is posing a huge threat tonight
BE BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY!!!! STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT!
Tees time!! Selling tees at the Fremont Sunday Market! And dancing!
Hope everyone enjoyed their weekend...Beginning tomorrow, all new lower donations and FOUR GRAM EIGHTHS ALL DAY EVERYDAY!!
oh yes! , lead me to that fabulousness overload! LOL!
Yea your the only person I know from outside of Florida that want us to win lol but i wanna see OKC win it in the West
do we need examples of one good/bad news release for tmw? and you still want AP style book tmw?
not really crazy bout either to be honest!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
BWAHAHAHA egg rolls>
He is in Lex, don't know the number, really good guy
What are the two reasons why men don't mind their own business? 1. No mind. 2. No business.
PXP Reports First-Quarter Results: Delivers Strong Oil/Liquids Sales Volume ... - MarketWatch (press release)
nagamura could play Zusi's spot. Personally. I'd like to see Bunbury out there. He needs the touches.
Got 22 lbs of pulled pork vacuum packed and ready to go for your dining delight last night. Call 649-4139 for more info!
we are having a tent sale at the factory store next Wednesday 5/23 - Saturday 5/26
“: The best way to get back at someone who ignores you is to break into their home and eat all of their Doritos.” awesome!
Had a great night! Sometimes life just makes u happy:)
Unfortunately, he was in Nashville tonight.
I fucking love your new bio! ;)
I got you if you got me ha
Sometimes you cant let go of the past without facing it again.
so I just made one of these.. itd be pretty awesome if I got some followers tho <3
Talking about caramel. We have these delectable caramels, filled with dark chocolate & our espresso, from Becky's Blissful Bakery! Get one!
Happy Mother's Day to all moms!! If your mom is NATURALLY BEAUTIFUL CLICK LIKE!!
spray paint profanities on their windows
Perhaps he's checking out your boobs.
What business closes at two o clock?
haha. the more the better for you :)
Lisa HOW CAN I TURN MY #SMALLBIZ IDEA INTO A REALITY?
i mean hey what wasnt there to love... lmao okay I sound like a nigga forreal
it's a morning creative discussion series we're going to host. lots of different topics over time. next week: web design!
yes girl story of my life!
fantastic! how do i tune in?
Drinking from the siphon this morning: Brazil Fazenda Rainha.
photo credit: Deanster1983Here’s a money saving tip that can only help you, if you are flexible enough to be able to use it
Got a Nascar fleet of thoughts racing about so here's to hoping my brain shuts off and sleep is imminent.
why yes. Yes I can so
I abhor snow during rush hour!
14 more days of school. lawd give me the strength.
I'm beginning to think of Michigan as a baseball school
The Urban Dictionary can be hilarious.
Of course! RT : Hope all you east coasters are watching the #xfactor LIVE now!!!
Praise Jesus!
In Lit Trips and Google Maps session
That's great! What's the hardest part of learning English for you?
Saw a pod of whales on my beach walk tonight! Amazing!
RT : Baruch College is CLOSED today, 2/26/10. Classes canceled due to snow. Monitor cuny.edu for info on other CUNY resources.
'sup girl? Longtime no see!
I cant wait to see you either!!!!!!! Im also excited!!! I love you to!! :)
Inbound Marketing University (IMU) is an internet marketing training and certification program for marketing professionals
For reals. Zero interest in book RT : I appreciate Kristen's passion for OTR (the novel) even if I dont share it in the least, lol
Catching up on the current season of Curb Your Enthusiasm thanks to Irene. "You're not acting coachy, you're acting first classy!"
thanks for following
Mom's logic: Throwing out things we need, keeping things we don't.
New phone.. So excited!
love u girl. Remember, I'm always here for yoy :)
Totally agree with you on that!
ya,i got a big old lump on my knee
We have plenty of lateral positions open in top NY law firms!!! Feel free to ask!
“: ha! RT : I am guessing this all happened because Osama forgot to turn off his Foursquare. #potus”
We can tango all day but I bet yu can't dance
'Game of Thrones' Recap: Throwing the Babies Out With the Bathwater
This is the scariest movie I've ever seen. #foreignfilms it's called "Rec" and I think I'm going to have a heart attack before it's over.
A followback from would be the second awesomest thing. The first?? That would be, meeting him;)
It's time to go, so put all your clothes on
it's intermission right now, I'm guessing 45 minutes?
I never knew the profound effect of "never have I ever" until I saw onstage last night at the Westside Comedy Theater
Thanks girl!!
KILL EM WITH KINDNESS
Looking forward to launching a new website in about a month called Hoopsynergy. More news later...
Yes! I agree...Love it!!! that they were presenting together , I don't know about the bootys,lol.
smh.. i swear can never be good enough for these damn females
Congrats for your work in Newark. #TrumpetAwards (pssst, you look good in person!)
Hockey rivalries are the best simply because the teams can beat each other's faces in.
happy birthday sir! I hope all is well.
we want to revolutionize how people display things online - web/mobile/tablets - we want your toys spinning because we love them
I hate I lost an hour of sleep today but am loving the extra hours of daylight!
did you want the bracket board? I can drop it off this week.
like trying to get at someone
true dat. Any more takers on class? Would look bad for me as committee chair-designate to skip & boot to the head instead.
Excellent Art History thesis presentations from my SAIC colleagues. Especially loved Celina's reference to the I-35 Snake Farm and Artpace!
RT : Firefighters on the scene 77 Underwood street NW with heavy fire on the second floor
the good spot is the only place you want to be in nyc on mondays! so what are you waiting for....
THANK you so much! For stoping and taking pictures with us! Love you!!
Mana shield RT : Man, Diablo I is super hard. I've been playing for 30 minutes and haven't even defeated the login screen.
$$ tip of the day. When renovating, take refuse to City landfills instead of local dump. May be further but saves up to 40%!
Guys that talk shit after you dump them<<<
Finally saw who thought the Mahone look alike was... -_- smh Effie.
In order to get customers to care about your product, the business has to care first
thats the last time i buy plane tickets when im at work doing 50 other things at the same time. thanks for saving my butt travelocity.
I am sure it's the result of all your hard work and preparation. Don't undersell yourself. Preparation + Opportunity = Luck
like this is.. (ˆ<U+06A1>ˆ)
happy times are no more, waiting for my love 2 come back, it is pain ive never exp. before, cant imagine life without her.
I probably will never follow through So this is the last time I'll be seeing you.
I need my tummy rubbed
Yeah, i guess after that you start looking backwards a couple more times before sitting...
Any junk food!!
My god people on my bus.....
Senior halloween part 2
Green Trade Mission to Brazil
CCD 2012-2013 swim suit calendar will be available at tomorrow's Toros game with calendar signing after! Only $5!
RT : can't wait for the first meetup of 2012!
Afternoon listening to Sally Wilfert and Michael Winther...they're so yummy together...and quite delicious served separately too!
Thanks for the RT! I'll respond to your FB message soon! :)
high school kids can def come as work crew - hit up for info on WC for
Finally on Twitter !! What up
Thanks to everyone who signed up for my #ConnectedCulture workshop tonight.
Sleeping in until 9:00 is great...
I am so happy that WON!
And, crazy to say, but it goes well with cheddar too (it's what we had ...)
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms Las vegas for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar Rain Reply for VIP Guestlist and bottle service
good thing all of my family has iPhones!
Omg!*·* I love christian, is my everything.
not my fault lol. I try to be nice to you.
Fucking hot bro
hoping to see you IRL in Houston @ TLA!
We can get back to you tomorrow for sure. We just need to make sure that everyone is good. We will talk about it at practice
Vet-Stem Regenerative Cell Therapy for Small Animals. Learn more & call your Vet!
Government Maritime Managers Forum submerged cultural heritage managers from BOEM, NPS, Navy, states.
account now works, if you have direct questions I can answer them through email visit-theadamouski.blogspot.com to obtain email
wassup my G
buy some "mio" flavor and keep it in your purse. Who says water can't be awesome? I like orange-tangerine.
how much tripe today about sluggish job numbers, 120k+ sounds like forward motion. My boss is hiring too.
Every battle in life is 20% physical, 80% mental. Want, Will, Win.
Can someone explain to me why quirky/nerdy/awkward is so desirable now? Is it still 'ironic' when it's commonplace?
On a more positive note, the Killer B's(3-0) allowed MURFC to break even.
Could not wait for tonights episode! :) #superfan right here! I love #DogTheBountyHunter and the whole Chapman clan! <33
GoOD MoRNiNG FELLAS <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Just some good snot rockets by Wolf at the end of one, hope his nasal cavity is clear for two...
Great event tonight welcoming KGTV's Virginia Chat to SD! It was also nice chatting with outside of City Hall.
would love to hear your thoughts on promotion and is happy to share what's been working for us
I get 2-3 calls from cruise lines every single day. I need to change my number.
Q&A with George Dohrmann
4 receptions for 34 yards and 1 carry for 5 yards. And he had a terrible attitude during the game.
If you are a librarian from Australia, introduce yourself.
yes! Give em a try...so good!
What actions can you take today (NOW!) to increase profits in your business?
Privileged to feature you Dan!
nice! I'll make sure you get a million press releases from the library :P
hey yeh thanks for telling her she hit me up
who do you think you are? Im on a roll here!
Good, And u?
Watching Anaconda with Viggle Sun | 8:20PM | MoviePlex Get real rewards just for watching TV.
You are a perfect example as to why abortion should be tolerated!
you like that place
is bi-winning the hottie ratings on the site www.wherethehottiesat.com
Sex hasn’t always been associated with sin and guilt. Pre-Christian religions often regarded sex as a celebration and as a form of worship.
Blondes or brunettes?
yeee boy u kno every1nce in a while u gotta slap some sence into dem hoes
I know you're reading all of our tweets & you're ignoring them but trust me! it will come a day you'll fall apart! I know that
Back into the woods. Week one of shooting, check!
Cool voter file uses: microtargeting, voter registration, tele-town halls, online ad targeting (via cookies and IP), poll locations, ID-ing
The presence of God is uniquely Realized and the Power of God is dramatically Released when God's people unite in prayer.-Pastor Tom Walker
Me too! RT : I love my #slp profession. So many are so sharing and generous!
We're carrying over the celebration tonight.
florence welsh is singing me to sleep. she was sent from heaven above I just know it.
I AGREE!
nerves please slow down before you give me a heartattack....k? thanks! xoxo
We purchase properties in South Florida.
#thingsihatetodo Gotta organize my music collection...blah...
Thanks to the AT&T commercial, i really want to do a flash mob.
Game 2 Blues vs Kings. we're down with the Kings tonight. Quick is amazing, and can't go wrong with Dustin Brown.
Now taking recommendations for iPad cases.
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen. Ernest Hemingway
Dear Spammers, I hate Walmart, so any spam you send my way will be soundly ignored.
jeezy creezy! Well, thank goodness it's over! *hugs and high fives*
Mercy; Kanye west!
Vibrations heal. Send some delicious vibes to someone who could use it.
RT : I think blogs r 2 art as art is 2 life. Makes it relatable 2 ppl in new way by new perspect, provke new thought
RT reading all your old tweets is making me lol at my desk.
My mom was talking about Justin saying he's gay and i was like "You have him and One Direction confused." She didnt say anything after that.
You're HAAWWWT ! like Dayum c;
Chef Eric fishing aboard the Vixen today for #Hawaii's Let's Go Fishing show. Wonder what's for dinner tonight chef?
Anais Nin~ We dont see things as they are we see things as we are.
It is! What's up with you? RT : great day for the fest, eh
rehearsing and preparing for one more show this season in Clarksburg WV Sept 4 Sat @ 3:15 Main stage! Enjoy!
idk. It's Texas, the weather sucks, so...
guess it means I'm cool :)
fantastic gathering last night 't wait for the book discussion on Drive tonight. icfgr.com for details
without me??? must not be a party!! lol j/k say hey for me ;)) <333
are u in orlando yet?
What is Bill's relationship to Mele-Mele buried in the front yard?
Totally! RT:: This #occupyklout is HILARIOUS
No Internet at work makes life tough for a social media guy. Too bad Facebook app for Android is worse than shingles.
What does, "im out pull up at da sets" mean????
thats a lie
They need to re-release titanic in 4D where they flood the theater and turn on the air conditioners for the full effect.
i wish you joy & happiness.
Finna go to my game CHAMPIONSHIP!!!!!
What's that I see there? Could it be?!
They still make music vids? :-)
My dearest Ms. Coaston…
Wrapped up the first ever ED&S meeting! Thanks for making this a priority for this Council & for a good 1st mtg
Thanks Derek!
I'll tweet it now - thanks for letting me know about it.
If you rather settle for less, then don't complain about how you deserve more...
Y U NO GIVE ME HUG
Trying to find a good dj and also a sound guy to bring to my shows with me. It def woulda helped if one of my boys picked it up as a hobby
Colombia's president condemns today's bomb blasts in Bogota.
just you wait. The shower scene..there are no words.
One of the ways the DH community can learn from comprhet: looking at assessment strategies (via )
Needing to get rid of some old electronics? Check with your local #recycling plant about drop-off options.
Those are nose bleed seats for sure....because the ball may literally hit you in the nose and cause a nose bleed!!
Marquette Golden Eagles Mens Basketball vs. Louisville Cardinals Mens Basketball at 2:30 p.m. at the Bradley Center.
Happy Saturday to you too!
The twins guys in this movie are so hot
Penultimate showing of our pilot, Seizure No. 1, at the Fringe Festival on Friday @ 6:15. Going to be so much fun -- please come join us!
I still can't figure out why #TopChef Texas is now located in Vancouver Canada?..Can take a stab at this?
Tweeting about traffic on my account. Come on by!
because you get good food and I'm going to look cute!!
When you miss someone, it's always the worst when you can't help but wonder if they miss you too. And if it's harder for them or for you..
I'm looking at the Indiana Driver's Manual...there's a sign for a Buggy Warning.
Runs out on a relashionship, without trying to work things out
Thanks, Jarrad. Hope you're following Dave Brock; he's an Amazing man!
yes I am.... And yes we can
hit me up need to holla @ u
Wow..I am being inducted into Les Dames d'Escoffier in May! What an honor. I'm sort of speechless (for once!)
u drive me crazy*·*' Follow me on keek: elizabethcb
20% off all #Hortilux & #Digilux #HID lamps all January.
As a rookie reporter I recall Chief Ross taking the time to explain things in necessary detail. RIP, sir.
Finally completed my flight across the "wee" pond. En route to Belfast, Ireland for the Songwriter's Festival!
haha its okay :)
Laroche's beard is grotesque
yep. Sucks.
Seriously, don't be a stranger!
The #HPV #vaccine will protect you against four strains of the #virus - HPV 6, 11, 16, and 18
RT : RT Protesters have a right to protest but they have to do so clean shaven, after a bath, and very quietly.
Ive been thinking that all damn morning since like 4am, laying in bed, could smell nothing but my strawberry spice on my desk.
no it just means you need to buy a bigger one! Lolol
Trying to get there RT : In a G. Love kinda mood today.
the 3rd of july was always the best!
Twitter! RT : I'm a member of the wrong generation. I wanna actually talk sports, not make corny ass jokes all day long.
and I fell in love with , why you cant be like justin ?-.- ehh ya and there are just #15days till Boyfriend.U'll rock it!
BREAKING NOW #GeorgeZimmerman's attorney wants suspect's family members to call in testimony at Friday's bond hearing. State doesn't object
Random thought. The free market operates by the same principles as evolution.
Alicia <U+2665> And you Kaylee ? Kaylee is the most georgeous name.<U+2665>
": niggas be puttin fingers in girls asses"only if u want it
I'M SPENDING EASTER WITH TEBOW here in Austin hes a SAINT.....
The things Emily says...lol!
Best deals on poker tables! www.eproducts4less.biz
So yeah no phone cause my #mommy thinks I'm a #badkid ! :'O
one of my orchids is about to bloom:)
Great job, , sending me an FHA premium refund form with information that is 8 years out of date.
Love Doris Burke - she looks slightly downhill at smurfy Cincy Coach Mick Cronin
Aww...bring him here for a romantic night ;-) RT : I adore everything about the man I'm dating.
: Please support federal legislation to license & regulate online #poker in the US! Thank you.
we already here
I love you Andy! Glad you had an amazing show :)
#Brewers win 6-4! The Crew is now 12-14 on the year.
It's crazy outside...
it's a mystery to me.
Yeah the def are. I'm between the Rane 57 and the pioneer 800
Me just following anyone who is following me <3
Shauna is making Brussels sprouts...if they taste as wonderful as they smell dinner's going to be great :-)
#houston An Iran-Israel war will be main market mover in 2012 Speculation has been running high in recent weeks that Israel may und
Thanks also to Rep Terri Proud for her support of HB2501 on Reg Reform! Simply requires Regulators write clear regs. What a concept!
Listened to Judd Antin of Yahoo Research yesterday at UC Berkeley; "motivation is hard to talk about, even harder to measure".
Paul Burns: Government should promote the #growth of #smallbiz – especially #innovative small businesses that seem likely to grow.
Yezzir! RT : So here's the new MSM meme...let's find Black preachers against #OBAMA. Sorry, you #FAIL, we'll
The camp said he had a scheduling conflict and could not attend.
Great to conspire with last night. Those bartenders know their stuff.
Welcome back to Oxford Property Group, Anabel Minier!
RT : . is talking about my favorite subject: Community.
I know had a ticket. Lots of $$ tho
Good morning!!!
Sounds extra delicious that way!
This summer will be amazing. (:
Good he was laughing with all the shoesRT : Thanks. The hubs was in the background making me laugh, lol.
Awe, shucks. Thanks, dude!
I wish I would have known this the other day, I would have came and visited you when I was down there.
I would have would have followed you, my brother... my captain... my duck.
call me from a private number so u won't have to worry about me giving ur number out 812-679-1479 should I follow my dreams
Super great conversation with about commingling libraries and Mark my words: it will happen in 2012!
The observer cannot be left out of the description of the observation. -Dr. John A. Wheeler, physicist
where have you been all my life slim??? bests- saft
Hoping today the pain the hurt the tears don't fall cuz for one day I'm numbing you out ...
Today is my mother Joyce Wilson's 75th birthday! Happy birthday to a great Mom. You loved much!!
I'm done.
So that's where they park. Just saw a cop walk out of a 24-hour garage on 47th street... with his horse.
my mom asked what I want for dinner.. Might as well try for chipotle
He said- Got a new word "cooly" lol hes so silly!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Isn't it OD when u can put somebodys TWITCON with their real face after like a day of seeing them on twitter. Twitter smh
17th-cent. writers complain about printers errors but we're not sure what an error is in the absence of standardization.
Hittin the links
Haven't even finished listenin to T.I.'s new song, Like That, yet but I'm in love with it!
thanks for the follow and support!!
we appreciate that!!
RIP PIECE SLIM DUNKIN MANE ...
#Lunchtime and you've got an appetite for Italian! Stop by for all you can eat until 3PM, just $9.95 for FL residents!
You can't tell me what to do. How is the south 805?
We often have strong associations between smell and cleanliness. Orange, lemon, fresh laundry? What smell signifies "clean" to you?
Absolutely! We have another one May 11. Or email Jason to set up a time that's best for you!
All it takes is a lil bit
Thanks to everyone for coming out to our birthday party! Keep an eye out for the pictures...we'll post them soon.
I'ma have to come to Boulder one day
So far...they'll probably ice it when he goes back to the dugout...
Just got out the shower so, my contractions are gone all the way (: But it's GN for me.
hanging with the coolest nerds later for an epic Harry Potter party whoo!
Twelve Minutes.
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic in American Songwriter & Music Connection Magazines, Billboard Magazine Finalists, BEKA & GIN HALL HUSTLERS
Will we see Wolf-Tarras tonight?
Thanks checked out the old stomping grounds yesterday. So much has changed. The campus is enormous.
just started following
whats up man?
Happy 100th International Women's Day Everyone!
My creepers finally came in the mail and of course they are too small. Why is shoe shopping so fucking hard for me?
it's whatever, feeling good living better
I feel like the Twitter prodigal daughter. One day, I will get back to annoying those near and far...but it is not this day.
hell yeah!
If you can't take the heat, don't tickle the dragon.
and someone hasnt texted me back
going shooting tomorrow : ) going to have some fun... Cant wait to get that first shot off with the .45 : )
Have you been inside? Would love to know your thoughts!
ok, here for most of the day,short visit to a customer who we are releasing today,in the afternoon i hope, otherwise - I'm in the office
Sorry, u gotta be in the States.
Barney has never made an appearance in our house either. My middle daughter loves dinosaurs but he's not allowed.
Can't help but laugh when people say I've been MIA. Maybe I just don't fuck with you anymore.
Finally landed in VEGAS! Let the gambling begin!!
I know, I miss you guys!!!! Still waiting on that email :)
Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe. Drink specials all night long! Get their early to avoid the long lines
just ate the most delicious Korean BBQ with at Soowon Galbi Korean BBQ in Koreatown. Got my kimchi fix, too!
Thanks for the follow Kevin!
Highly recommend zocalo at the plaza, great short rib tacos, guac and blueberry mojito. Check it out
if we make it to the finals this year, save me a seat! It will be my first live finals since 1999!
Dinner and film with friends. M. Have a GREAT night, Twitter. :)
Thanks to the DB who dumped my entire drink... ON MY HEAD. Looking real classy now. Worst part...he didn't offer to buy a new one.
Coldplay is playing on #idol right now y'all.
Well, hello ! A sale, you say? Might just hafta investigate! ...you're such a bad influence on me :-)
Your completely crazy... But I love it. :)
Really not a fan of public transportFARTation...weird smells everywhere
I like your Site. I've heard the argument that there are too many nonprofits, lots of crossover in causes What do u think?
- Yes - I am loving it!
suzie && evelyn is a mess they gone && go put fish in kenya room lol
There's a few other orange jerseys in the crowd!
thanks for hanging out friday! And for the tweet
if I become bffs with Allstar Weekend and One Direction then I'll believe I'm lucky
Happy Thanksgiving to all! Blessed to be able to share Beyond Walls with so many. Thank you for making this journey worth every minute!
#PsychoT baby lets go!!!!
let's get it AJ you know how we do it.
Merp. I love them! How about.. A Rocket to the Moon? :)
today's my 40th birthday. How bout you send me a piece now and when I win. Haha. Make it happen this year.
Sky show now: Jupiter & Venus in the west. Moon & Mars in east sky. Check it!
thank you
I'm so glad I invented coconut toast.
We are giving away $1,000 TOMORROW NIGHT! Be There! Happy Monday ;)
thanks!! Hope all went well :)
now i am but imma log outt in a few minutes. are you done with the picture????
Bro said can he go all the back to Larry crib because he left 10 cent lmao
I could live without the drama...smh
Cant even function.
At Timbers Game, loving the sound of #TimbersArmy getting warmed up.
Difficulties are essential for success because victory arrives only after many struggles and several defeats.
People tell me I shuld be a Model. IDK; MAYBE I WILL
I just got some in the mail. I'll be using it soon. Thanks.
": Good Morning Everyone !! *waits for replies*"same to you
I will drop an email letting him know you are in for Photo House 2012! =)
ha def meant no hostility, but can understand how you took it. #ithinknot was merely my opinion.
im going to bed. none even knows i tweet twat twit. whatever the flip
what kind songs do u people like
Go take it! RT : <-- just lined up an interview to become the varsity Boys Head Basketball Coach at McArthur High Scool #blessed”
Let's Jam with BlackBerry Jam Developer Community!
Thanks so much for the follow! Following you too!
I apoligize about that...I didn't know that was such an accomplishment to be ranked
thanks sis! Yes having a blast-we're finishing up lunch now. Bout to read!
start with tho.
Great early start to the softball season
LOL! Cotto's gonna pull an HBK, "If I had to do it over again, I would."
Thanks for signing the petition!
When people say video games or comic books are for little kids. <
do u guys remember the party we went to and the guy fell with the pole. Is gonna re-enact it? LOL
VIDEO IS DEF KOOL YOU CAN CHECK SOME OF MY MUSIC AS WELL
I can't believe I completely missed this morning's at I need to pull myself together.
you making it ill eat it :)
we are THAT much closer to the weekend!
Don’t you dare remember me when you start forgetting about her.
Of course! Have a great weekend! :)
I CANNOT CONTAIN MY EMOTIONS
Don't have tix to Lauryn Hill at HOB on 2/23? Start thinking about how to sneak in. Insider told me she's a bit of a diva. Y'think??
Rhode Island, the 45th-most populous state in the land, has now been home to the last 2 Powerball jackpot winners.
pretty great actually ! But, imma try to go to sleep now (: good night !
Just got bitched at by a mom for telling her kid to give me my burrito. I said "FU" and left with my burrito in hand.
Dude. MLB network keeps putting the Mets' fan screenshot up. Over and over. Hilarious.
i dont see the point in u breaking wood the wood didnt do anything 2 u
yeah, its a snapshot from my latest short film! You should check it out;)
nutten in the world like some drum and bass to f@#k up people head. Lawd, ah cyaan tek it ...
road trip left overs
It's better to be with no one , than with the wrong one .
RT : Now you can tell your friends that you're going to a TA event when you buy tickets, with our new Facebook integration!...
I don't know what I'd do with 8mil friends. I'd need a bigger couch.
Ready to rock tonight! 8pm at Christy's Biergarten...join us!
In Bogota Columbia for the next couple of days, Ready for adventure!!!!
Woo! “: about to launch the new #soleless site.”
Just got my first comment on my new blog!
Why can't Sparrow work in landscape mode? Why isn't there a iPad version? We need an alternative to the iOS mail client.
Happy #FF, its all about green celebs
For some reason people aren't calling him on this so allow me: Deepak Chopra spews pseudo-science bullshit that's useless at best
up in section 212. They're bad but whatever
: when was to be done?
IM SO BORED
Were you near the chaos at the fair last night? Do you have cell phone video? Either one, please message me. Thank you!
Where is the outraged with this kind of nonsense! Hatred must stop and people should be held accountable. What's going on in your homes?
What is a suku booty? Lmfao
I know right
You did not....and I am a strong maybe.
Prayin for my grandma tonight<3
awww he is getting so big and growing so fast
Woke up & slowly took my time to get downstairs.. & when I finally got there, there was doughnuts. <U+E328>
I wish I lived a little bit closer, so many tickets, concerts, shows and giveaways at
they are a hot item these days. they at least gave u half off- rite?
dude you really pissed me off today. Remember when we got into that argument? I felt like smacking the crap outta you
Happy Mothers day too all mothers not just single mothers.
iight. I'm home now tho
“ happy belated birthday”-Thanks
Just saved life! Better love me!
Ordered the cheapest battery grip I could find on ebay and its made for the older model batteries. Amateur
Brands = publishers now. The investments made between paid media & creation & dissemination of owned & earned media are evolving rapidly.
That's what I said.
-rights have no place there. One last bastion of totalitarianism, no freedoms, only 90 miles from our shores. Why is it ignored ?
wanna say congrats to my two boys for graduating college today.. mad ill times up there.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 13
Hate waiting...
Anyone else liking the idea of an 18 game NFL schedule
We took Vandy's best shot and still came back. 5v8 and we still won!
Not reading anything #redsox related until we win 2 in a row. The pessimism in this city is disgusting. Relax. Enjoy the Pats tonight.
Think your cool? Cuz i do.
completely fangirling over the video. oh im in love, in love, in love...(;
Walked the Capitol grounds, dinner at Union Station, Lincoln Mem at night. Dead tired :)
ha, usando o "realise" com s, super british! <3
German readers, get ready for Salome Jensen
Taking the kids to Dollywood this weekend.
I guess the tag team back me&harvey
thank you mijo!
Now we're getting somewhere. 1st question: Is your wireless router password protected? 2nd Q: How many total computers use it?
As of this morning, Kiss and IM officially has 100 female members on the site with profiles!! www.kissandim.com/register
Hey where does your church meet?
lmao chachi you and your mom's moments are priceless haha :P
#Team29 RT Who will be the best pit crew tonight?
Thanks for the re-tweets!
Hey! I'm free next week if you need some extra hands to help with Jam. I'm super strong :)
absolutely, I'd ask you to marry me but I'm not ready for commitment just yet
tell me something I don't know kha-leek-leek . lol
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Montgomery County until 04:15 PM
you better not die!!! i'm looking forward to your wedding way too damn much!
": I just wanna lay in bed and sleep all day" sounds like a plan
Never mind i find someone like u...Damn!!!!
Jim Abbott played with one arm! RT Wright can't grip a bat or ball...you can't play if you can't do that.
Incredible, discrete second Floor VIP Room! VIP membership info available in club!
Talks with my mom about absolutely anything >>>
wine..ill be over in a minute
Eyewitness News did a piece on dieting and ended by saying that we need to use a scale to know if we're gaining weight...
we JUST left! Played @ the velvet lounge last night, NYC tomorrow
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move. Benjamin Franklin
yeah but I lost all the respect for last night...your right tho great marketing! Lol
RT : "Hipsters are all 'ooh that's so last week' and 'gimme a PBR' am I right guys? Bud light rocks"- the internet
RIP RT : CNN is reporting that Dick Clark has passed away. He was 82.
I think that you fail to recognize that those mathematicians, fruit eaters and boy scouts are the pricks of their groups.
The Ratchet Girl Anthem is on BET. Ayee
'Only a small amount of escorts advertising GFE services actually provide "true" GFE' WAN'...ADVICE?? GET FULL PLAY WITH A FULL TIME QUEEN!
Up this damn early on my off day
jealous!! I definitely am going to get a pair. How awesome were those coats and sweaters?!?!
Making some mahi mahi for dinner with white rice and stewed tomatoes
I've ALWAYS busted moves alone . I AINT NEVER has a clique . gorilla zoe ! mfs call me for help .
Haha love nyger completely ignoring sedars stop sign. Nice win!
Let's go #PACMAN!!!
I'd just like to inform everyone that my leg fell asleep and I cannot move.
Going to your first day of work with puffy eyes <<<
Project Inside Out is going to be such a blast this summer! What was your favorite activity we did last summer?
I don't want you at my funeral, cuz you'd probably kill me again.
Work. Doctor Who. Meeting the team.
Top publishing exec quote of the day: "The day when we sold only hardbacks and paperbacks will be looked backed at with wonder."
Looking for some classic bling?! Check your phones for today's deal from Grand Jewelers for a discount on your grill!
cool site , thanks
E.L. James' first pen name was 'Snowqueens Icedragon'. You can't make this stuff up
Thousands turned out for 's job fair in South LA. Lots of positive comments from people on way out.
thank you for your support
Yes. Very true. Enjoy.
I've seen her too (at dusk - I did a double take). I got to scratch its lil bristles. :)
Come to the Packers! Flynn is probably going to Miami and we need a competent QB to mess with :)
Hey Guys I'm ashley Clark
cant wait till summer, no homeworkk.
y is kobe NOT producing smh,
is that because you're sitting in the courtroom listening to the testimony and reading twitter simultaneously? I hope u are
USA is ahead in men's international friendly soccer game against Italy in Italy. I'm really surprised, world!
“: bring to the ER: 1) Insurance card! 2) Info abt #specialneeds #RBabymoms” & diapers, my daughter is 8 ER never has her size.
RT : talking #livenow w homeless advocate bout how #socialmedia can bridge gaps b/w police & community
Noeleen: Ladies...don't wear big flowers on TV.
It’s not technically the weekend yet, but Thursty Thursday is damn close. Just $10 gets you all the beer you can drink!
JULIAN. I love you. I think you should RT this if you love me too.... <3
SOFAS $ 595.- HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! UP TO 65% OFF !!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Hey Javi.... Omg! I miss u as a friend, but I know X comes first.
Thank you! I will.
Albuquerque kids are raising money for local kids with cancer by putting on a summer concert. www.harmonytohelp.com
Rotisserie chicken works great in recipes
We mark our territory and defend.
well thanks ..
Great day in Austin working w/ with
Congratulations Sarah! Well deserved.
I'll beat you at any game, just name it
but the thing is: my friend just died. i found out today, a few hours ago. maybe i could have helped him, maybe not.
If men trained to be great, fathers, husbands, bfs, and all around men of god like they do in the gym, this world would be a better place.
he does he's a Betch
Happy friday, all!
Washington Wizards are giant-killers these days. Last week they beat the #Bulls, today the Heat.
Surprisingly hard to find 1964 bill as passed by House. Turns out in GAO Legis Hist. db. Def. some room for more dig. of bills.
hahah i know victor!!
6 days until I get to see and !! Chicago is ready to party!
Summer newsletter is out with a feature on our amazing chamber ambassadors. Watch your email.
RT , If you want me to DM you my #
And best wishes to the #BrewCrew !
ah, but the margaritas at Nacho Mamas are killer!
Speaker Boehner, I do not think "bipartisan support" means what you think it means. Democrats opposed "Cut Cap and Balance" 181 to 5.
Found my way to study for the APUSH exam. Games. So elementary, but I see results.
she's like sigh it looks like a lot of text cause it is but omg she is so funny and interactive and youll love her on your dash
Fresh Out The Shower.
I'm going to see my niece & nephew toma. Haven't seen them since the State took em.
Some family trees have beautiful leaves, and some have just a bunch of nuts. Remember, it is the nuts that make the tree worth shaking....
fed hill, canton and Hampden!
Those who dance are considered insane by those who cannot hear the music.” <U+2015> George Carlin
It appears competency is increasingly becoming rarer and rarer in most spheres, especially at the highest rungs of the ladder.
I really think I should start tweeting more often.. Not like people pay attention to me anyway. :P
With Dear Santa trending, I'm thinking about the letters writes to the Jolly Ol' Man. Always makes me smile, li'l sis!
You Are So Beautiful is TT and it reminds me of cause he always say that to me.lol
The JoeMobile will be at Plymouth Green Street Fair this Sat. and Sun. Good Italian eatin'. I promise.
I'm nearly dead.
BrewPalooza starts at 3 today--bands til midnight...all to raise money for the Chardon Healing Fund! Mac's Irish Red on tap, too!
Nah, we're not in a lost generation, we'll figure it out.
I am having the same experience so far. Always minimal punctuation and grammar fixes. Love the editors at B/R
Yes! Finally getting to take an class!
cell dunked in hot tub. need to reach me? call 207 794 6652
Great, I'm going to have to start an OKCupid account for a god damn bird so I can get some peace.
OMG why say everybody that i can sing i hate that i CANT' SING okey?
Duck face females, Kissy face
have fun at #forumdenver !
Dewey's attorney: Dewey has challenging adjustment ahead, has never even used a cell phone before.
Now to unload the monstrosity
Does anyone have and good training materials or resources for Students and Teachers using Google Apps together?
A few hours left for my #executivecoaching offer. Funny how the initiated want coaching...Email me
would you whip it up on "me" 1st? ;)
the one about the guy having high school writing skill lol
So I tried getting support via your ticket system as suggested. Kelly called me the wrong name & closed my ticket without a fix.
Why are the MOST unsuccessful people the most judgmental!?
u live in Seattle?
I call it my theory of relativity run
Stop wasting time and call us! So you can start calling live people and reach deals, convert that ROI by 100's!
Be a lover not a fighter but always fight for what you love.
the revolution will be televised........
#Bills score, are actually ahead. Nice for a change...
oh, had no idea. from other end of the table she looked fine. very fine actually. thought alcohol was like water off duck for u two
Country Fried Pork Belly Benedict -- black pepper hollandaise / pickled red onion / ciabatta / house potato
Send every single person who comes to the club an email to say THANK YOU for spending time with your club.
I want a date to go see act like a women think like a man. On some friend type though
#BestPickupLines "Hi I'm Ryan Gosling."
lovelovelove that movie!
I can tell.. U should DM me
I really hope the mail man drops off my bundle today... Come on Mustache Carl! (my mailman)
Mineral Point pitcher Brock May settles down & retires Alex Biddick on a pop up to third base & Aaron Swan on a pop up to first for 2 outs.
yeaa he tells me everything.!(x
With the buttracker, of course.
#Wisconsin is all "Fired Up" to go #Forward into the best years, the USA has every known. The Best America Dream is with our reach!
i texted back(:
I really need to figure out what the f**k I'm doing with my life...
": I've learned that it's not what you have in life, but who you have that counts. #MarilynMonroeID"
#nightowls starts tonight at 8pm. Stop by if you're a #developer in #phx working on a project or
let me know if I can be of any help!
Nice, i hail from the east side of cleveland
Tweeting from my text messages ok? I actually have work to do instead of play on twitter
Congratulations!!! RT Holy cow. THE HEROINE'S BOOKSHELF just won a Colorado Book Award! I am speechless.
In N Out for the 2nd time
Still got time to head over to Century Rio 24 to catch the movie Rio on opening day! Then come check out our flight exhibits @ the musuem!
Yup you are my weakness and yup I wont admit it
hey there! i just changed my user name to jack_maxwell. It's like I disappeared and reappeared... but only different!
#Pain in my neck! Literally.
I love hearing ESPN talk up the Cousins pick. Acting like it makes sense to draft him. At least Jaws is speaking truth.
It's one of the reasons most people know me by my last name, even at work.
Are you going to the game friday?
In other words, "tough but fair" is about the best reputation a college teacher could have.
If you don't mind subtitles, the original is one of my favorite films of all time. Check it out; Le Diner de Cons
Thanks Karen! I'll try to get a sitter so I can make it!
haha.. Um I'm not sure I just searched Jonathan cook and looked through all the photos on the groups.. Lol :p
excellent RT : my kettle is on the stove now, heating up to make me a Kuma Nicaragua Pour-Over.
"If it doesn't work out, call me" -Lindzi WHAT?!
yea i bet it is i was there last year and im going later tonight and welcome
Social Services Block Grant creates main street solutions to problems. Bipartisan & signed by Pres
all i want to do is run in the sun. biking is no fun.
I LOVE UR IMAGINES!!!
Very excited about playoffs! Two fave teams are NY Rangers and Nash Preds. Could be in the final?
What is your biggest challenge when painting?
What a turd! My son went and grabbed the measuring cup off the counter that still had a tiny bit of milk in it...
Resistance training can improve immune and endocrine function.
Day One of the Conference is almost over - Did you have attend a "wow" session?
Mark Cherry Trial is taking so much time + tax money. Simple: No hitting #actors, #actresses. 'Directing' is lame excuse.
I will be in New York in five days to co-curate No Quarter with I have seen 's future and it is nasty.
We are taking orders on 3 designs at the moment will post shortly...
My big brother funny af!!!
It would be silly to not use it for some marketing. i aim for a 80/20 mix.
Check a PR company's track record and media relationships when deciding who to work with, from
The best of us get cold in lousy weather.
M making cornbread and chili.
haha.. Ain't that the TRUTH!!
What you on bro
When we're this young we have nothing to lose, just a clock to beat & a hand to choose<3
Why'd you have to go and make things so complicated? I SEE THE WAY YOU'RE ACTING LIKE YOU'RE SOMEBODY ELSE.
We are now accepting At-Large delegates for the 2011 Ethnic World Pageants. Age 14 and up and our elegance size 16 and up.
the world needs to see thanks alot
“Why do elephants go swimming? To get their trunks wet.” | #JayLeno (b. April 28, 1050)
Five-Year Engagement Performing Poorly, Should Jason Segel Give Up Writing? Segel may have a habit of trying to fit over complex stories
miss watching you guys.
S/O 2 OU. I got a 4-year ACCREDITED degree 4 FREE! Had I known the magnitude of this back then I would have majored in nursing or business!
I need to get some new hats. I'm thinking a Stl Cards one and a BG hotrods one :)
Jodie Fosters voice pisses me off.
I'm almost 100% sure that 's mammaries could feed a small, underdeveloped nation for a year.
wasted dollars IMO. Who clicks on ads?! It's grasping at straws. Advertisers seem lost, it's all about relationship marketing.
Wishing everyone a safe and fun weekend! Don't forget we have four convenient locations if your low on your favorite drink.
At the Pyle Center for the UW-system registrar and admissions meeting. Luckily we have air conditioning, while we chat about issues we face
you know it's all
Lowkey we sent each other the most smileys today :D
Early Feb special - all #SF>LA T's half price. Just $10 a pop. Get em while they're hot! www.WeBeGreater.com (No coupon reqd)
Kimchi Dog I love you. Can we meet again?
Morehouse/Spelman Homecoming in Atlanta is about to commence! Time to get my party on. #
#NMRealEstate 9 would be more difficult for me. I will work with whatever you decide.
like a boy gone wild!
Using the early wake up to my advantage.
yeah that's BS. She was never a mother and has NO right to feel upset on mothers day. It was her choice.
great series, good luck to the caps =]
Happy Birthday, Riley! XO
Lazy Sunday.
I hope you got that joke lol
everyone went "AW" & apparently he did too lol
yupp. just did. how u been??
You're really, really pretty. You can stop posting 5 mirror shots a day on Facebook now.
Ah now I gotchya. Where do i rate? Lol
Now Following You Back
you are the most inspirational artistic beautiful woman to walk the earth. Blow this tour out of the fucking water.
#facebookjustbought SAFEWAY. IS IT GONNA BE CALLED FACEWAY?!
well I'll know never to call you those hateful words when we talk to eachother lol ;p
You desire truth deep within me and shall make me understand wisdom in the depths of my heart. -Ps. 51:7
Smells like bug spray and feet on this #wmata bus. Yum!
Oops, I guess we parked on the wrong side of anthem. We're on Virginia.
will be LIVE from the studio doing a special interview about new collection she's working on !! 6:30 tune in
there's not a whole lot of new movies just some old ones tho :/
Oh its been a while twitter guys! How's everyone been?!
Sitting in on a Code Review Session. Summary thus far: I work w/some smart mofos!
Let's go Bucks!!
The wife and I had a Princess and Dino party for the kids this weekend..man i wish I was a kid again.
Playing a basement show in Allston Nov. 5th. Details soon! Remember, remember...
Don't even bother getting Mackenna a present because mine is going to be the best(again).
Happy Friday! Congrats
Justin Bieber is part of the #MoneyTeam I guess
Enjoying a Starbucks date with my hus. Aka him playing with the iPad and me studying.
yes 2 we could not let the second go but you will have to see it to know why.
thank you!
Why is it so hard to write the next line when I want the truth to be SAID!
Good luck to the USA Team this weekend!
Is going to break the gaga radio! Really? This repetition is KILLING her career!
Thanks! Our branding is done in house, so its near and dear to us!
LOL! Maybe we should try since I have big shoes to fill! ;-)
hit you sometime this weekend then
#Northwestern scores to tie the game five minutes in, 1-1.
My beard itches
r u a dude
Professor: how do you feel about global warming? Me: I don't.
what happened?!?
That awkward eye contact with somebody who used to mean the world to you.
Madame Pele does a fiery dance with the evening sky
My sandless sandbags are also great for movie and video productions. Storable, lightweight and easy to move..Can be setup in minutes.
"Gun-Shy Sunshine" by Oh yes.
I love
But thru it all God has bn by my side conforting me
you'll get to meet her face to face, the day will come <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL. its only 6:57 here in california.. No ones out! Its kinda sad! Haha!
The brilliance of the lipdub was in the details, the characters doing stuff stage L&R RT : agreed. the lipdub was amazing
maybe you should watch the KY vs NC basketball game and see my CATS lay a smackdown on the heels
Clearly, I should not have chosen a book involving science for my intellectual freedom homework assignment.
"Any guy can love a thousand girls ... but only a rare guy can love one girl a thousand different ways"
Pat O's making bank tonight. Happy graduation everyone
I play Saints Row for the Xbox 360
I've never been there! :o
With all the draft picks Patriots have, could also see them trading for Tebow. They were interested in him back in 2010.
: Tension between success of 2 kinds in ed--to empower all students, AND to sort students in meaningful ways. Both valid!
is in the new studio workin on the new album
There is no reason that the Demon Hunter in #diablo3 should be wearing 4" stiletto heels. She looks ridiculous and so do her animations.
such a headache >.< I need summer again.
LeGrand is my ancestors name!
:-) RT : im so ferris bueller right now. adventure in downtown raleigh! with Michon and my baby!
STAY HAPPY
Thanks "It's not a class weekend unless you have an outburst."
“An innovator is one who does not know it cannot be done.” ~R.A. Mashelkar from TEDTalk
Heading back to clarksville for a few days
is it color?
Let's hope so!
Mac Miller - Frick Park Market >>> !
Thank You Frank!, I miss you too! I hope to see you again before the end of 2012. I will message you my phone number tomorrow.
ha I'll tell ya Saturday ;)
When bitchs walk around and swear they pussy clean NOPE BITCH your pussy dirty AF
I JUST WANT THERE TO BE ONE SOSOSOSO BADLY THIS MONTH. prob not gonna happen, but i'd like to believe there will be one because I NEEDA GO!
Hungry? Try the new Turkey Burger w/Chutney & Sweet Potato Fries in !
Zombies everywhere
Twitter is weird, don't know what to do!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Timothy O'Toole's - Pub (live updates)
#p2 Even after the lawsuit, age discrimination appears to be alive and well at Google.
Wedding rehearsal done(: eating(:
setting up Twitter for my Squidoo account
please follow mee?? ;D
yhur a great dancer :)
Yay for the little things! Caught up on following folks back today. Thanks for being a fan!
I wish I had a way to send that to her since I doubt you would admit that out loud!
You'll never overcome your problem until you admit you have a problem.
#blackmetrosexuallincoln might be the best hash tag ever. And a great name for a band...
i hate if i drop my ipod and my headphones in that my headphones will just come out
Your childish if you hang up the phone when you can't handle being wrong.
wow cuz he must have been on he's regular cig break
Watching regular show. Said out loud "HA, looks like a butt!" The HA should be read in donkey brae kind of voice.
01 cote rotie "brune et blonde" guigal. I'm looking for a little bacon wrapped bacon to go with it.
You can't pay the scientist by selling the book
just parked! Gotta go thru security, then see you there!
Overheard: "how many megapickles is the iPhone?"
Folks in #theeveningjones chat commenting on how a white guy wrote a book on blackness don't know academia.
told her listeners that I "shoot from the hip". So true! I want my other followers to describe me. And GO!
I am about to watch Pulp Fiction... ON VHS. First I have to rewind it. Btw, my phone doesn't know the words "VHS" or "rewind."
He's so greedy, he JUST ate
Life is like a game of poker: If you don't put any in the pot, there won't be any to take out. ~ Moms Mabley
On 1 train hovering over 125th st. & Broadway.
observing my current state of mind & heart -> then openly expressing that. RE: What's your secret for keeping the spark alive?
I should have hash tagged #guysareidiots haha ;) except for the ones from PA of course
yeah. So did the girl like her ice cream. Haha
You do you lie :'( ughh I'm done
thats the best so you can knock out
Rachel Barry!!!
excellent! Swag.
sorry Jen. Hope you're ok.
Lol. I gave my cold to my mom and I'm still sick!!! Ugh. I just want food, the kitchen is too far away. :/ Maybe later.
he'll back down.
don't think of it as losing a flight to LGA, think of it as GAINING a flight to ORD
If I am depressed or burdened, I am to blame, not God or anyone else. - O. Chambers
My mom bought a Kia so now I get a $100 referral check. Tinting those windows!
Hey, thanks for passing along my article about reading fiction. Greatly appreciated.
Back to my 9-5, miss being treated like a celebrity
Teletrac Releases Latest Version of Fleet Director - Truckinginfo
Pgh airport. Quiet but still long lines. General security lines moving much faster than "special" 1st class & business class lines. Nice!
Haha that was a good movie tho
#PepBoysAuto, I know it's important 2 keep a Neat Car; #IHaveAnIdea! I Know Your Customers Need This. EZ way 2 keep the interior clean. 5412
If Packers had a RB like LeGarrette Blount,A-Rod would break all the records he just set.
starting off my saturday with some coffee, granola, and Project Runway Korea WITHOUT the subtitles
thanks for the follow! :)
Go follow our new manager >:)
i cant breathe because your suffocating my with your fat butt.
I think it would be more fair if you were votes were limited per phone line. I don't have time to call 200x at night...
You are right. That perception is out there -- and it crosses ideological lines. We struggle with it daily.
We have been working with Mr. Crumb for many years now. We are premiering his newest work in 8 days! We have many CDs available
RT : Tamron Hall you are a goddess. A Goddess I tell you. A Goddess.
Fuck getting sick the week before exams >>> Watch me fail my one hardest class now for the semester.
continuing to consider options... hourglass: for when Dorothy needs a time out.
I do have an extended answer for this, but of course it will not fit. But as for what you said, in a sense I agree with you.
Pretty sure TweetDeck is going to change my life ...at least for the short-run.
Thanks for following! -TCG
Cooking on the grill... With a yuengling in hand.
I know some people desperate enough for attention that they'd probably pay that :P
stop copying me.. :P
I have a freind that I am trying to explain Twitter is......
#Heartless is killing a person when you know he aint did nothing wrong to you..trayvon martin
This is no time to stray, states picks a POTUS with electoral votes and you are spot on!
I say we have a party at New Town Pub.
ok then!
How many times has this niggaa said 'Mindless Behavior is up next' !? GET ON WITH IT HOEEE!.
YOU WOULD! LOL. Hope you had a great time
Monday we award a Test Pressing of our record to the person with the most clever or real reason why they should receive
How old are you!?
sounds like a drug name. Aye, you gots any of that Long Green...? Hm?
Great teams need great leadership from within. If the guys that other players look up to cant work hard and do the extra things you wont win
I believe it! We all love here at #TACC. RT : Unique opportunity. Dan was a great mentor to me at ASU.
Hey #Kansas fans...stop feeding your faces, get your asses out of your seats, and cheer on #NorfolkState!
Remember to mail in 's Pulitzer nomination for this!
We don't have photoshop unfortunately. Could u help if I sent you the 2 images?
facebook is just out of control now! Their new privacy policies are crazy!
Rock & roll, Flea. Congrats.
lot of peripheral pain from diabetes today - even though I've been good this week
My art show went really well. I have will have the pictures up later tomorrow! About to shut it down, back to homework in a few hours.
not any body. I don't want my girlfriend to be my boyfriend when I come back
RT Residents can return home if they show ID, but evacuation notice remains in place. Fire is still smoldering.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Getting mentions from you instantly destroys my mood. I'm gonna troll you from now on.
do they still make those?
Pretty good actually spent it with fam this year.
I have 2 jokers and an open board and still can't get rid of all my letters
I'm so mad I didn't take a video of Jessie's girl yesterday LOL
A guy who is confidente about himself
lmao dani you have known this about me since day 1 girl lmao
It is a bad move
I wish I was in Evansville at the bars with my girls and :((
Fuck what cha heard. Ask me directly!
In dallas making it happen! What up
sure thing =]
W00t! wi-fi, hello again! WYK guys, sorry I've been checked out for two days. 2 days on the mtn = 19K words, tho! Let's see. What'd I miss?
So your hair was long and straight yesterday and you cut it and curled it and dyed it last night???!! I just play along and say yes.. smh
well i'm sure you make the week a bit more bearable for the stressed folks! you are a ray of sunshine in the MHCI "compound"
The clippers gotta step they game up if they wanna get past the second round...
excuse me Savan. It's NIALL!
It's like Judging Amy never happened.
At a very sexy Starbucks studying evidence.
Bynum gets the triple double. Kobe gets another 30-point game.
Thanks new follower #Follow and she will
it's horrible! Haha
wow! Really awesome!
Our party cups? Random but awesome! not something we make a habit of handing out, outside of events.
Clarity music video >>>> I'm in love with
Followed back ^__^ <U+2665>
THIS FUCKING BITCH!!!!!
My days off just don't feel like days off anymore..
Spending time with my best friend >
: I already knew of the advantages of being an incumbent. At #AskTheCandidate, I was reminded of the curse of the incumbent.
and highly contagious!
hahahaha Yeahh ikr ! She's got a powerful punch though ill tell ya that much...
Ever have one of them days when you can't stop eating so you blame the #pms, and then you remember that you don't have a vagina?
Thats rite watch out for us!
Was on the phone with him last night(: hmu
Dry Mentions<<
Gotta ride the bus cuz my mama think ima lose her keys
"What is dead will never die." - Game of Thrones
Happy Birthday Twitter style!
Andouille Sausage dip is awesome!
#nsta12 #edtech #scichat #edchat I have a few complaints about nsta, but you should present. It is awesome. San antonio 2013
R. Kelly station.....Tyga - Rack City pops up :-/
Up here watching The Help! #InterestingMovie ™
just watched your interview on Roland's website. Great keyboard set up. love it! Amazing job on the Ke$ha gig. :)
Old Tappan on Ridgewood 49 36 to go to 7-7 and 5-3 in the Big North Conference on MSG VARSITY with county tourney right around the corner
Lowkey, I think we were meant to be!
#85 | Because we cannot always go to sleep like others. Our minds are working on the ...
Hey girl, thanks for supporting the music :) xo Miss you!
45 min to kickoff!
see, you're starting to like #gamification already :)
Anyone interested in helping me sell free enterprise to the U.S. population all over again? Let's explode prosperity all over again.
Way to knock 'em down, JHop.
For there is nothing either good or bad, thinking makes it so
I feel really bad now.
Shoot a web up on that hoe!
Wishing everyone a Happy Holiday Season & a very Merry Christmas!! Blessings to all <3
Smiles and laughter make every day brighter!!! :-)
Location was great until he had two strikes on people....
doesn't it have all the recipes built in?
yeah, that's that "short" term thinking. Gotta plan for the future!
If the world ends in 2012, I've wasted my whole life in school.....
That's a great way to put it. The strategy drives the message. Only the words change.
If you have a bad author experience, you will never have a great user experience (re: CMS & publishing systems) -
Hve you ever watched The Late Late Show With Craig Ferguson?
no thanks . No to a sugar daddy but yes to
Geez, I've been buying like it's going out of style. All in the name of research, of course.
This real shit here. “ I'm guilty for not giving people the time or day. I just don't really care”
Hi there I would to upgrade to the VIP monthly membership and was wondering if you could give me a coupon and/or bonus sign up code?
happy birthday:)
STOP & PAY ATTENTION Soul lives in connection Whenever we r present & conscious soul emerges B present & u'll know the contentment of soul
Did you really tweet that when you are just now signing Brandon?
sexy halloween costumes for women,adult halloween costumes sexy halloween costumes for women,adult halloween costumes
Congrats on your new opportunity Ed!
a female lead as complex as Genevieve.... oh... now i'm really intrigued. that is my fave book ever.
My roommate ( ) hates me and won't partake in roommate bonding night!! He is becoming an old fart!!
If this Kindig sub tries to teach today, there will be consequences.
been in bed all day and working a lot
You would think 2x would be a common size shirt, but no!!! @
Aw geez1 Thanks! You have some pretty cute stuff too!!! Teletubby huh?
#Rehearsal = complete, #gym = happening... eventually! Then off to a nice dinner with my mom and class with the wonderful #ChrisGameCasting!
You're right, its a lifestyle. Eating bacon is not a sport.
promotion of alcoholism! While persecuting medical marijuana! Hypocritical!
Good morning =]
LaHair has really impressed me this season.
Church, R & R and some college hoops on a typically grand Sunday.
good luck in your 1st game. Dream come true. Congratulations! Welcome to
Well, at least now I'm disappointed with 2nd and not 32nd.
you are on a roll tonight
Do you think he still made some breakfast for #RealDeal?
“: Nice seeing you here in class VUSU
i'm so grateful for the angels in my life!
Did you look at ALL our tweets, Scott?
RT : *Need business consulting for new start-ups, life, business, social media, 1 on 1 coaching etc. Cheick out www.voss.snapp ...
"So when you’re lost and you’re tired. When you’re broken in two, let my love take you higher,'cause I still turn to you."
Thats cool too, just hang up on me -.-
Cavs offense and defense like a sine wave tonight going up and down oscillatory fashion we are on upswing soon but gotta maintain
Can't Front I Miss Norell :/
I am good. Love seeing my grannies.XOXO
Wow so many new Followers this week... Thank you all so much! Don't forget to #FF our
did you watch the interview with Kiarostami? He talks about the connections a bit.
#FF Mama Favorites!
so he said it would be like some guy with the last name Smith or Jones having a Japanese first name
I smoke big like a suppa star ... Bitch I'm supper star lol
congrats ladies!!! Xo
I've seen so many visually disappointing finished products lately for many different kinds of books.
I have a Google G2 Android phone, but the Google+ app is always the slowest/last to sync - Facebook and Twitter run better. #strangeG+
aight homie I'm About to DM you my number
that actually reminds me of a fav joke -- what did the chinese cooking professor assign her students? home wok. (woka woka.)
I fell asleep....
- Owner & Visual Artist S.DOT.SLAUGHTER | SOL•SKETCHES™ would love you to accept my FOLLOW REQUEST, Peace & Blessings!
‘There are two mistakes one can make along the road to truth…not going all the way, and not starting.’ ~Buddha
Finished a fresh new business card and flyer design for a walk in client!
haha yes i saw it and replied and then i saw you at the library lol
Wished I had some power at my house. My sump pump is off and the water is getting close to overflowing.
I go camping in secret!
thanks for stopping by today dearest.
Aha, thank you.
Kendall, you look cute in your new icon! :) Follow me, please? <3 #FaveMusic #BigTimeRush #KCA Y'all are definitely gonna win!
aww Louis Ill send you some <3
I love how I live the farthest away, but I'm the only one in my department who ever makes it to work on time.
u know i got love for teen tix. Come visit the GatesVC we're neighbors
#IHateItWhen Latinos write statuses or tweets in English and then some how it turns into Spanish
How come after the longest nights i wake up so dayum early?
will you supply a big stick?
New t-shirts and sunglasses are in today!! make sure to grab them at the show on sunday!! they're looking awesome!
Waiting for class to start
What a Rainy DAY!
anytime Suje. Just check out my blog when you can.
RT : Shots to the
The money is the motive
Important questions: Do I need a pomegranate tree?
You need a Mount t-shirt! Like us on FB, fill out a form and stop down to our office to get one!
Wow! Thanks!
Hey if all the talk is true about #Illuminati this is an official shout out. MAKE ME FAMOUS! I'M READY TO SELL OUT!
Did you know... that if you tried a new flavored coffee from JarBee every week it would take you over 2 1/2 years just to try every flavor
oh...hellz yeah!
Wat to do Wat to do
Since we're your first book signing can we see you naked?
bjack ballers is must see tv!
Schools need Twitter-like apps for classroom use that are not open to the public.
Headed to Staples Center :)
Good Morning. Be ready for another day of greatness. Get it going!
Good morning peeps!
bahaha yes!! Skinny in bikinis at the beach :) but your summers closer
No, UFT attempts damage control after agreeing to eval where ineffective score based on student tests trumps any other measure
LOL! I thought so, Jerry. I'm glad you liked it. Lindsey ROCKS!
Retweet my tweets to grow your followers if you have less than 5000 followers and follow
#badservice What happened to people smiling when you give them money?
RT : Magic is when you serve something larger than yourself. /v
So, he's a front runner? #Shocking “: Pretty cool that LeBron is rooting for Kentucky and Ohio State…#wut”
These niggas sound crazy
wow!! They are awesome I have to get some!!!! I love the one with necles 'give me love' on it !!
We brought our christmas tree home on the streetcar. And now it's all pretty and festive in our dinning room!
being that u like to stick yo tounge out and put up the middle finger ima go with prostitute!!
Let's go Caps!
I'll join ya lady :)
i'm not your side girl, make up your mind.
check. Sorry im not sorry
Remember, FREE SHIPPING on all products at www.lasalita.com till the end of December. Our Salsa and Sauces make perfect Holiday gifts!
Going Cholo: The Extraordinary Rise and Surprising Appeal of Oversized Clothing
I'm in denial that this is really my last full week of high school.
Watching Death Proof ! Old school Charger > Challenger
blood and bless my family. Send to your contacts and you will receive a miracle tomorrow. Plz send this message to 20 people. If they refus
Visit me on facebook name: slifoundation. You won't be sorry!
Please stop giving drama my forwarding address. My fridge is already fully stocked.
Do i regret the breakups the fights or thedrama?No do i regret luvn u bein with u&thinkin of u24/7?Of course not i just wish we had mre time
There is just something about you that I can even describe .. And idk Wat it is but injustice FREAKING LOVE YOU<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
The government is concerned about the population explosion, and the population is concerned about the government explosion.
Thank you for the House of Blues radio hour. Always a great way to end the night.
RT (Chicago) Which Place is Better? Jerk Villa or Uncle Joes??? <--- JERK VILLA ALL DAY ER DAY!!!!!
I couldn't tell ya. I'm not in
My wife's playing the Eagles. I feel like the Dude just seconds away from getting kicked out of the cab.
Happy B-day!!<U+E34B>
im bored
He's always mad at me. I. Don't. Give. A. Fuck. Though. I do what I want.
I want to be an actress like you, of Hollywood, but my friends say: that will be impossible, must I follow my dreams? :)
Super smart, kind, motivated peeps here! Inspiration galore! Ed speaks next.
Lauryn Hill Exposes the Industry - (I get out of your boxes)
RT: Stay tuned to for live updates all day of President 's visit to Ohio State!
RT : ESPN's Ed Werder, seemed to have no hard info (shock), but sorta hinted he doesn't think DEN will get Ro McClain.
I don't know why I ask questions on my blog... No ever posts comments except for
That settles it. We're going next time I'm in the OC. And we're going in your minivan, right ?
Finally its cooling down in the LBC!
If i see one more senate voting commerical, i just might throw my tv out the window...
Live. Laugh. Love. Simpsonize. Goodnight Angels <3
I thak you so much!
I've been getting the worst headaches lately!!! They better go away by this weekend!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
In all 3 cases evidence against Smith was the same: testimony from gang members in exchange for leniency from police and prosecutors...
got an audition lined up at Universal Studious.
I hope they pull it together...that was rough
State needs to set up seed capital/SME bank under P arrangement
Class is in Session....relax & take notes students
Always love #NOVA on #PBS!
It must feel amazing to have promoting you guys so much. Maybe you'll tour together one day :)
Any names for more people that I can follow ??
So you're not going to do it? MARYSE I LOVE YOU, YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL, DON'T DO IT PLEASE!
Think ill just go ride 'round with that nina!
my best friend is on it haha
Anyone else thought it was fucked up that the original siblings brushed aside Finn's death but there was a cry fest for Klaus? xD
So much homework :\
The hijack is allowed and appreciated! Yes, we'll wait!! My Groupon expires in August.
G-20 ministers can yet improve their credibility this weekend by saying they did in fact catch the satellite, & will reveal details in 2012
Ah today is going by WAY FASTER than it's MEANT TO! NUTS!
I hope bus, truck, and train drivers know how much joy they bring to toddlers and their mamas.
Bye Spring Break, you kinda sucked XD
oh boy haha. Sounds like this could be...interesting
"choice" is the wrong paradigm for talking about caregiving vs. paid work-if it's a true choice, why don't men give up their careers?
Alright...its Friday. One of the greatest days of the week.
Sure does! Remember Iran-Contra Scandal? Weapons for drugs that were sold on American streets. CIA covert ops. Hooah!
he isnt really a uk fan.. just a poser. Its obvious troll how much crap hes talking to get attention
#Yea I was!
Haha. True. Unfortunately my hatred of almost-purposeful inefficiency runs so deep that I'd sooner rather see them go belly-up.
I have a date with destiny and if I'm late they charge you extra!
RT where2 watch the games? Blackfinn,Adams Mill Bar&Grill, Penn Quarter Sports Tavern,Old Glory,Green Turtle,Buffalo Billards?
Ew, I just ate. Now it all wants to come back up. Ewwwww!
We continue, collecting pieces of the puzzle as we go.
aww who's that?
Summer 2012 has officially started
LOL. Anything we can do to make things awesome for everyone :-).
isn't it about time for some drunk punk in your life?
#NW Shoot First on BET. "I was Trayvon's protector & I couldn't protect him. He was my best friend"-Trayvon's Father Tracey Martin
I gotta pee, but i'm too cozy and lazy to get up and go
the wedding will be wonderful and amazing. because you will end up married :) deep breaths!
There are way too many blue and white app icons
glad to see is still alive. Now get off work to #cincodedrinkooooo with me!
remember when you were still in public school just a regular boy ?
girl you need to get some more #followers #tweople is about connections. search topics you're into. Mine:Oprah, film, moms
I love hip-hop.
Haha! Thanks, Ben, I'll get right to the ER. “: Amputation... sorry it's gotta go!”
Just followed
The moment when u wake up from a dream like fuck that wasn't real...
saw you on , happy to follow. Swim, Bike and Run Strong brotha.
CASTING WHITE CAUCASIAN RAPPERS/ACTOR
Ha is fucking awesome she always makes me laugh.
Tyler Kennedy scored, all of a sudden i want a TK burger
my fave combo is banana, strawberries, a little milk & 2-3 tbsp of both peanut butter and vanilla bean yogurt. No ice.
Yeah, foreign languages learned in school are often lost very quickly =/
If you could golf w/ ANY local Portland celebrity, who would it be?
ride your mom to my house so we can do the nasty.
is testing twitter...
no follicles to poke your eyes out
Hi Annie! Just checking, this is for everyone? I'd love to meet some of the awesome HLS folks!
Gotcha. I was so pumped when I noticed your handle on there.
Just got this don't know how it works but ok
It's Wacky Wednesday! Mention this to our office at 703-642-3277 & get $10 Prime or $7 Economy Tkts for the Light Everlasting concert!
On this day in 1990, Michael Jordan scored a career-high 69 pts vs the Cavs. I've got 10 tweets coming up about the feat.
Lidstrom said him and Holmstrom have not talked about retiring. He would not say if he thought Homer would call it quits.
You're welcome :-)
why not love everyone regardless of what they did?
Plz continue on
Mother-in-law catching a ride up to Boston on her friend's private jet. I like the way she travels.
“: Failed to mention and of course #swagalert” we are flying
you got in to Hogwarts?!
Yay! I think & I will be out there for a visit in early October!
You know it! I'm not about to look all messy like the dissertation ran me over.
Collaboration is an art form in itself.
Tomorrow's 10pm #SFF Format: Audience Coaches! Audience members choose the host, the teams, the games, then guide their teams to victory!
Holy crap. Just had a mint julep that knocked me on my butt! Lots of hats downtown for the derby!
I shouldn't be riding my bike in the street yet. Says the guy in the car behind me.
I have 99 options but failure isn't one.
Thank you so much! just for the sake of my marketing class at this moment.
Almost time for Monday night football, Cowboys-Giants!
Yeah we figured. Thanks for sending in a request! Keep them comming!
LOL! : Please do! RT : I have a cousin who has 8 kids & is younger than me! I threaten to place anti-freeze in h
congrats to on contract..we will miss you...visit when you can
Just so yall know ...the more FOLLOWERS I GET ..the more they HATE ME on the low lol let's say F#CK EM TOGETHER !!!
Great seeing you both yesterday! Just made that intro, should be in your inbox. Have fun at #LSM today!
FYI - Sven's on Water St. opens at 7am. and the boys behind the counter are friendly and cute. (cc: )
I could've told you but you treated me like dirt so I figured I'd watch you fall on your face .
Everyone turn on national geographic channel now
I cant retweet youre tweets.. but yes we do.
Sorry - is my favorite RT : Support your favorite Owl! HootSuite for iPad is nominated for
PACKERS got Jeff Saturday..good ass pick up
Joey!!! when you are coming back to LA for a visit??
Im looking for Temp Dog Friendly House for Summer , Would consider Celeb handyman job or estate maintenance . Gordon 909-271-3644 letter Rec
Dear stop trying to be mean and play hard to get....i see right through it!!
If you could grow a beard, you would be the greatest bearded host on television.
Don't forget March 1st is around the corner! Food, music, drinks, and the who's who of our lgbt professional community!
ugh Im soo jealous, what are you getting?
Haters can hate, but from our generation- Drake gonna be the one we remember
Looks great! Will be so much better with a stroller.
A shower a day won't hurt you!
Yep! Pass the video on too! ;)
I fuck her good & she always ride it 4 me
Give us a call! 1-800-916-2544. We can definitely work with you.
Still looking for a few good writers to round out the Editorial Team, please RT if you know of anyone!
'Fire Wok With Me', an asian-fusion restaurant idea for you to supplement the new nightclub...
Excited that our performances will be announced tomorrow! It's going to be the best New Year's Eve to date!
Jimmy Howard in goal for USA...
On our Kindles: Barbara McClintock: Nobel Prize Geneticist; The Limpopo Academy of Private Detection. And you?
amen brother
Definitely more coherent and polished presentation.
new repo, or should this live on a pig branch?
Happy with election results, although I wish Lora Jo Davis had been elected at large.
Thank you
Dear #Uverse, thank you for not showing up to my service appointment today and expecting me to meet your schedule.
Thanks for letting us know, we'll pass the issue along.
R E T W E E T This If You Still Awake
Old Wives this Sat. at Bowery Poetry Club with the Defending Champions and Blues in Space. 10 PM. Come tie one on and get your face melted.
Well, Alright Then.
Martin Luther King Jr. meets...
are you back!
Sisterhood is being redefined without my consent.
question of the day, if you had a chance to help make facebook but got to choose fame OR money witch would you pick?
all of them. I can't
Dying! >“: Goddell just wants everyone to know he's the HNIC PERIOD!”
all im saying is that if there is a "love bug" out there, i sure as hell got it when seeing Britt for the first time lol :D
Saw someone with a fanny pack just now... Kinda wish I was an 80's child
Home sweet home!! Ah so we meet again couch!!
nothing's nearly as stable as the open environment that your fine Android runs on. By the way, how do you like that app you have on it?
lets see if we can get to 700 by the show tonight!!!!!!!
good time was had by all!
files for tax extension. Still waiting for W-2 from planet Kolob.
Thank you for following I cannot wait to get your tweets.
Bryson, ordained elder in va, left young adult land this year. put me onto this convo
Thank god for Latin people
Glad you enjoyed the show!
Coolin on my end
#Golf fans #text SPEAKINGOFGOLF to 90210 for program updates, #contests & #special events from the Speaking of Golf Radio Show. Go #mobile!
For real the Zooey Dechanel commercial is so annoying! Is that rain?... You're looking out the window you stupid idiot! #ShutUp!
Waiting for snow to stop to get tractor out - looks like 5 inchs.
thanks for the shout out and all you do!!!!!
U know its a good monday when ,miguel and wayne are in the house
now that I know ur looking at ur mentions, maybe ull give me a follow back. Cause that would be awesome.
AU ROUNDUP: Softball hosts Mississippi State in final regular-season series - Opelika Auburn News
Study: 5100 Kids in Foster Care After Parents Deported - PBS
Damn I kinda feel bad...
what happened to that visit?????
Prosecution plans half hour of questions for Gov. Patrick.
Crush those donks and make sure you play the good ole deuce four suited
2012 gotta be that year man
Sorry have been out and about...Went to the State Zoo...In Appleton,MN. Great Place.
Lol! I don't like Harry Potter... Lol! It scared me when I was like 4 and I haven't liked it since...lol!(:
I recorded a new song yesterday! It`s called 'Awesome Moments'! It`s EXTRA cool! Check it out on iTunes!
Hi Mary...I see you like We love that place. Have you been to Ridge location?!
Sex and Hollywood, sex and hollywood!!!!!
Great line up 2day @ Elmington Park West End + Macky's Italian Ice!
is being spammy.
I'm very sad that the show got cancelled.This last season was a bit of a bust but TVN "Dominated" as usual. Best of luck 2 u.
you should follow lol
"Life is Bliss" - Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
love to have u in chi
Damn my dreams be crazy as hell
match one?
": But I'm up baking chocolate chip cookies for me and my daughter!!!:)" what up wit one of them cookies lol
How do I not have enough coat hangers for all my clothes? I think someone is breaking in to steal coat hangers. Only explanation.
RT Fill in the blank: I'm the champion of grilling _. <-- fresh snapper. Some lemon juice and om nom nom time
Are liberals happy that the auto bailout cost US taxpayers $14 Billion?
You gotta learn how to communicate and compromise. That's how a good relationship works. You commit yourself to it and work hard to save it.
I'm trying to write something that will move the world!
that's true xD but maybe, thats probably why though.
Hahah I agree with you though it's a little fishy and Zayn doesn't even follow his own cousin? idkkk
thanks! Keep watching, and we'll keep making!
Don Fehr's history suggests he gets paid by the strike/lock day. Must be a wealthy man!
omg hahahaha good lord. I wonder where ivanka trumps guy is these days
I think we are a product of all our experiences
Get the hot dog on a stick outta ya throat and GO VOTE.
Did I miss something?
You should put your coffee time design on some coffee mugs. That would be pretty sweet.
you have a good night too
I Hope the #Suns make it to the Playoffs... Steve Nash Deserves it!
Ive heard of people putting drugs in there #anus to get high. They must be trippin buttholes.
Did you know we can fix PC's while you are still working on them? You do NOT have to go do something else. Stay productive! 512 873-0447
Yea im back to real life
Thanks for following me back. You are such cuties. Can I squeeze your cheeks? <3<3<3
Its good!!! RT : no one understands how happy I am that I'm finally getting to watch the avengers tonight !
Bout to open me a golden coral on 3rd & center.
Local govts should not be rewarded for land-use decisions 4 more sales tax (retail). They should focus on property tax (housing)
thanks nancy!!! Rock on :)
Kim kardasians marriage was shorter then the line of trick or treaters outside Casey Anthony's house
Yea. I have to watch them. Its not to bad
Lips tight together in a passionate way When satisfied words we seldom say The sun made me love her today-robrage2012
Midifighter 3ds are on sale. If you haven't seen these, you're missing out.
Sorry DC, won't be seeing you anytime soon...not that anyone really cares lol
I read this article on Conard. It sounds like he's unhappy about his own choices.
Just found out episode 4 of Shark Tank will b aired again tomorrow night (Tues) on ABC. Tell all who missed it. (via )
that makes two of us .
Goodnight ily babe <U+2665>
Are you talking about me?
Just had a friend come back from the east coast with a few bottles of #9. Love the stuff! Cheers
Change of plans... No school for me today <U+E00E>
As consumers expect more powerful mobile devices, so too will they expect battery life to keep up! Low-power displays will help!
Pleased to announce that today is my first day on-set filming my primetime TV debut! Episode will air this summer! More info to come.
That horrible feeling when you feel like your friends don't care about you anymore.
Nonsense. Being real is a good thing.
My biology teacher sucks and I really want to go off on her
Rumor will win #corporate 5k in #downtown #Orlando tonight (walking division)
It seems like Seun was giving great answers, I just couldn't understand him well enough to ask followups. Hope I can decipher the tape.
On my bike ride I: 1) saw a deer. 2) almost got attack by a dog, twice. 3) rode over a dead field mouse. 4) kicked ass!
This! RT : Living by Sonic, Church's, Whataburger, and Dominoe's <<<<<<<<< I GET SO FAT! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
& girlfriend is & 's girlfriend is <U+E32B> cute couples!
yoooo I just found out who wrote it, it was JohnDoe
Senior Cat is desperately trying to get his head stuck in the bag in which the chicken came.
I don't like Ms. or Mrs. (I'm not one). I wonder to what extent my age (and race and gender) influence how students refer to me.
#RealTalk that statement goes a long way though. God will never give you something that's not yours.
when will there be a new e.o. movie they're so hilarious and i'm done watching them all. :'(
In the "zone": u must have a good bal. between perceived challenges & perceived skills. U must have confidence that u r capable.
nope, that is separate. You pay for your domain name separately, and you pay once a year. You should get a renewal notice.
Anyone know of cool apartment for rent in LA? Please DM me-Thanks!
We should grab lunch soon! Would love to hear how your time has been at TMO! -Nathan
#shoutouttotheguysthat dont wear their pants up to their knees.
Shit. Just realized we're catching the early risers on the east coast right now. #ThreeCheers for all nighters!
Who we got winning tonight? I'm thinking the Mavericks knock this one out!
I HATE THIS COLD IT'S DRIVING ME CRAZY I NEED SOME SUGGESTIONS ON TRY TO GET BETTER BUT I HATE TAKING MEDICINE BECAUSE IT NEVER WORKS
lol 10 to something but most likely you'll be out before that
Brewster Kahle: Scanning books is just first step, then you need to reformat
time to buy the jersey of our future 15 sack pro bowler
Photo spam??-A
Rolling a finger to indicate that a conversation isn't moving quickly enough is officially the gesture I hate most on this planet.
That concert was amazing!! Just had the time of my life!!!
Good 2 know...looking forward 2 it!
Ur never to old to have fun!who says..?
fuck that fag
Banana cream pie and homemade alphabet soup. All I need is some merica sunshine, a tape measure, and 4 green skittles #perfect day
you can do it CHRIS!!!
Celebrate who you are, not who others want you to be
I am waiting to see him implode with frustration and ego-driven mania...send him light, this will speed up the process
and we love you too!
Right back at ya!
And this a.m. awoke to a parking ticket on our car parked...in front of our house. Arg.
#iJustLoveItWhen you text me "good morning" and "goodnight"
exactly lol they might as well cancel the show
Nah we got the Lakers :D
It's NEVER too hot to dance! I'm dancing right now ;)
This stuff is about to go hard. REAL HARD
Buy a ticket to #WorkConf and add a one-year subscription to for just $100. That's a savings of 67%!
Thanks for the sweet tweets this week!
Today is the biggest day of my life since the 06 Track Championships ...GoCats!
Thats exactly what you get lol
Listening with ones whole body is a special present moment awareness practice. We can learn so much when we really listen
I am available for appointments to make more dream appearances. Just DM me. :))
I was in a great mood this morning until someone said something jerky to me...now I'm in a crummy one. Trying hard to get out of it!
You aint never lied. RT : I need to Skate ...
I need to calm down...My nerves are a serious wreck right about now!
Just a heads up the weather is supposed to get pretty warm, this is the start or ice dam season. We can help when this happens.
I've given you too many chances.
Elementary School: "Yes, coloring books!" Middle school: "Is this first grade??" High school: "Ok, who took my red crayon?
Battelle's Ron Townsend says majority of the 55,000 jobs at Dept. of Energy's labs now require more than a bachelor's degree.
I need food!! I'm starving :(
Good Morning Sunshine! It's a beautiful day and you're beautiful too! Don't let anything stop you from accomplishing your goals today!...
your funny !
Big time! HoS won top prize at perfect pitch mixer! Thanks new friends and Arlington Economic Development!
#dontrelax RT : "Learn to listen. Opportunity could be knocking on your door very softly." Frank via
Of course.
S/O to and #Brien for making me smile and laugh when i felt bad this morning (:
Haha... it was a good kind of sad. Completely connected with desire to ensure pet is comfortable even if its more difficult.
I'm going out on a limb and saying if the #Bulls win tonight's game, they will go on and win the series, remember this tweet
you can only do it if you have less than 100 ppl who 'like' your page...
Another great night @ the 1 and only
Should I attempt an all-vinyl show tonight in honor of #RecordStoreDay? It might be tough, but if the turntables are working, I'm up for it.
I hate school more than anything!
#ThingsBlackPeopleInvented this trending. Because I'm 100 % sure it was a white guy. Lol
Our best wishes to all of our friends that are competing in the Boston Marathon on Monday. Good luck! Have a great time.
I was like please no lol
My time is too valuable to be wasting it on you
Im a fucking mess! Ugh
Last night was fun but would've been better if one couldve handled her alcohol!
hahahaha i was kidding :)
Nice! What are they?
Never put off until tammara ...
Can't wait. TGITh & TGF #TVD but next Thursday's going to suck. I feel the withdrawal kicking in but for now
come to nac this summer!!
Watching neghbor's kids as a favor. Regretting it.
Might Tony Williams' Lifetime 'There Comes A Time' be the greatest piece of music ever conceived? It just might. Never ceases to amaze.
Come check out the #Chicago Comic & Entertainment Expo March 18-20! Book your room before they sell out! #C2E2 chicagorivernorthhotel.com
So jealous!
I feel like I can be a monumental asset to any company...
Thanks everyone for following. if we're not following back. DM if you have ideas/suggestions or would like to volunteer
Not too shabby, ! Katharine McPhee steals the show (and my heart)
Long day! On a one way trip to Mars!!
Run in my direction and never run from me.
We can solve many of today's troubles by supporting those charities that bring real solutions!!!
Feeling lousy :(
I will in like 5 haha
Getting ready for Chicago! Come see us at the ABS show!
poor jason derulo and his messed up neck.
Changing insurance companies can be scary, but we're here to help! We help switch hundreds of policies a year! Ask us how. 505-345-8757
Mediocrity is the midget to success.
Ah. Im starving. Hm craving some of 's badass macaroni & cheese. :/
decisions...decisions, decisions
havent been on twitter for months! whats up people(:
#Countdow, less than 4.000 followers! is coming close to reaching the #16MillionBritneyArmy on twitter! RT
Clairemont Town Council is now on Twitter! Yay!
Hey, it's guys day out.
get a life
I live for video resumes.
Drinking by myself. Making "Ultimate WENDY mix CD" for friends- or in case of my funeral!!
Someone flipped the excitement switch at the Bradley Center
RT : Looking for great advice on running and pregnancy? An article from Joan Marie Butler, author of Fit and Pregnant -...
i can't wait to hangout with sidney tonight, it's going to be dope.
Shower then I'm downtown
#OpeningDay just hours away. Can't wait to play some beer darts and drink some cold beer. Now it's time for bed.
Bella's r fired?!?
Thanks everyone!
What's your take on the whole "food truck" craze?
yayy , im readyy . i got so many people you need to meet in atl . you can have your own label !
Holy crap, J. Elvis Weinstein does a SPOT-ON Elvis Costello.
Spent a whole blowing him in the bathroom here. Nice guy.
The Sitter is amazing. Check it out.
sometimes I cut my LP's into 7" pieces so I can truly enjoy them
Arabica in parma hts on pearl is easily the closest you can get to the Jersey Shore in the cleveland suburbs. My god.
GO RED SOX,S
Thx RT : I can't say enough good things about Super fast & totally affordable. Hannah got her new passport 2day.
please tip me
Hope ur email comes back up soon! Breakdowns were "acting funny" earlier & I about had a heart attack...
that bad? What's the score?
Bitches r bitches i love them all RT : would do u prefer the Great Dane bitches or poodle bitches? Haha
Young or old men suffering from the effects of follies and excesses restored to perfect health, manhood, and vigor.
What the actual fuck was that #halftimeshow. Isn't Madonna like 53?
#onlyintheghetto can u be older than ur uncle
My body says "go to sleep," but my mind says "watch Mad Men."
When you let go of whats in your Hand-GOD will let go of whats in his Hand! unforgiveness-jealousy-anger-gossip-Lying Tongue
Katie Price wants to be married to Leandro before the New Year, apparently… - Mr Paparazzi
I unwrapped the gift of the present. That's why everything I do at this moment, is urgent as a mother!
follow best in the business!
I love hangin out in Charlotte on the REGULAR and the clientele of the joints I hang out was one million times better than ppl at Basenectar
There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page or just closing the book.
Bron and Wade dont get 65 they will lose
seems like google dumbed down reader
Candlelight Night Tonight! Ice sculptors, cider & kettle corn 6 - 9, Grove City Chamber Singers at 7!
HERES YOUR INFORMATION
Sometimes, when you've painted yourself into a corner, the best thing to do is just to wait until the paint dries. -- js gilbert
A Midsummer Night's Dream. We are working on the annotated edition that will be out soon.
good music too!
RIP Dick Clark, NYE will not be the same without you.
Just saw the first 30 min of the rough cut of TRINGLED and I must say I feel very good about what we've got! Hope you will too.
Oh my gawd! That would be awesome! Mr. Allen Allen, that is!
Kitchens busy. Servers not.
My mind loves to go to work late at night..
i hope all of the australian directioners get tickets, i would hate if directionators bought out all of the concerts!
Thanks for the follow! My wife is a 1st grade teacher so I'm looking forward to hearing your stuff on kid's education.
Is high school the real world? What about if we exchange "real world" for "paying world" High school is very real at New TEch
Marquee Dayclub grand opening with Avicii.
Library in a bit..
Just for the record, I hate touch screen keyboards.
Thanks for the inspiring talk! It was great to meet you. Looking forward to chatting about reading interfaces. :)
Follow Me ?
If the idea of reheating tonight's chick breast for lunch tomorrow doesn't sound good, slice it on top of a salad and give it a Mist!
Hot rolls with butter, death by chocolate cake and a warm glass of wine. Must you give these up forever to maintain your weight & health?
Plunging into my birthday week with a great attitude! <3
RT - I am going out on a limb, Green Bay Packers and New England Patriots will go 16 and 0
my thoughts exactly :)
Idea Man Paul Allen in conversation w Jose Antonio Vargas at Computer History Museum. Not a bitter reclusive billionaire.
“: Fuck my friends” you did? Or you would?
Sounds like they'll be recording it and posting it next week too so you can catch up!
It all depends on the time and scale of release.. Eega is too big for dharuvu.
Be careful out there tonight.
Headed out to catch , , and at the tonight! See you all there :)
Tried to lick your elbow and failed.
At least I have a heart unlike Leesa. RT : Just exposing as a cold hearted scum bag
What are your best #litpickuplines? We're asking for a friend...
Freestyle doesn't necessarily mean top-of-the-head. You should write, and rehearse, what you mean to say in the booth
KD they only shot now
materialism is unity's worse enemy
What do you think about #Komen reversal restoring funding to Planned Parenthood for breast screenings? or message me.
Sadly learned a new phrase today. Status migrainosus. :( Just what it sounds like
Is anyone going to a show this weekend? Tell us what you're up to!
says, "I like girls better when they're gluten free."
Please follow my band on here!
Hebrews 11:6 says that God rewards those who diligently seek Him! Thanking God for favor over my life!
completely true...Americans ignore anything outside of baseball, American football, hockey and basketball...sad
Are those earrings made of tiny baseball bats? (please say yes.)
Just heard great welcome from Marin Alsop at #WOW Baltimore.
I miss you too!! So muchh<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
If hollywood is out of ideas and only wanna do sequels put this in the oven and see if it bakes: Blankman 2
Somebody need to prep Javal McGee for these post game interviews lmao.... Dawg be lookin flocka in the voting booth lmao
OK THE NEXT EDIT IS ONE OF MANY TO COME IN THIS SERIES OF ILLUSTRATIONS BY "ATHENA FLIGHT FROM OLYMPUS"
Going to bed now.... Oh god I gotta get on a good bed time schedule.
Edvard Munch's painting "The Scream" just sold at Sotheby's in New York for $119.9 million. I'll scream for half that much!!!
Nowadays, promise is just a word.
awe Too bad you aren't closer! That what pictures are for!!
sent Obama a message or revealed something pretty ugly about themselves?
Handles Faculty Services tab well enough, but tends to barf all over Employee Self-Service.
It's been a great #35d weekend. I see sleep in my future.
NO Credit Checks, Contracts or Age Limits. Nationwide. We will also be selling I Phones and many other GREAT Phones, Games and Gadgets. T
Haha , Lol Sorry I didn't reply earlier, My phone was chatqinq, and riqht after it finished charqinq, I turned it off, lol xP
Just got a mother's day text but I have absolutely no idea who it's from
Ohh! That's right! They don't have fourth of July in Canada :P
Ambulance coming to my house..
#smartkidsgetitdumbkidsdont - still the the best line of the #B1G tournament
k so follow my main acc: <U+2665>
Don’t be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams. -Anonymous
yep! DD all the way. :)
I have been so behind on my blog, but I just needed to take the week "off" so to speak.
its okay dont let them get to you i have your back! If u need anything just tweet my personal
Lydia is perfection.
That's why ion Fuck with FB like that no mo. MF playing the # game
I don't know how I'm going to focus on rehearsal tomorrow because of you<3
the only thing more frustrating than getting lost is getting lost & your wife keeps rubbing it in! Dave is officially your wife
Buy tickets TODAY and get entered to win dinner with ! 402-403-3776. Previous ticket holders also entered to win.
Going on the tour today for the first time. Heard great reviews. Read mine on Sunday.
I chose to be an educator to have the opportunity to influence childrens' lives for the better.
#Madden Young people please really think and take into consideration the serious repercussions of violent crimes BEFORE committing them!
Engl 244 - Intro to Drama. We're going to teach some socks off next semester.
I'm terrified of moths. I'd rather be face to face with Michael Myers than touch a moth
Breakfast is good.
where did spring break go?
Speaking at press confer (2pm) today, Big Toy Fun store, Hoboken, NJ w/ Senator Menendez/Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer. Shop small 11/26th.
I know, we need to have outings more often! #mademynight hahaha
yes! I'll just have be sure to pack extra treats for the ride & I'll keep quiet through the whole concert ;)
#Facebook Inc. Initial public offering: #IPO, which could value the company at up to $100 billion, is set to kick off on May 18, 2012.
I LOVE People Under the Stairs. I don't think it's scary... just awesome. :) Burn in HELL!!!!! lol
How could a tweet that just popped up have been favorited by me already....it is not one I would have, yet it was already clicked!
Thank you!
People piss me off.
THIS TWITTER ID UP FOR BIDS.
I see that I'm missing quite a bit being an outside consultant! I haven't heard "lessons learned" in quite a while!
no problem(:
lmfao. Good luck. Go hard! Be like "bitch, my husbands waiting for me, move your ugly ass aside" ;) You'll get through.
To conduct market research, I usually start by utilizing Google's Keyword Tool
shot is getting personal haha
you need to cal me I need help with figuring this out
“: It's gonna be wierd being in the stands for the first time ever next year! #nomorecheer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>” you'll be with me (:
Spend the night with me and get popular baby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
boring night! ready for tomorrow
Wow, the #Nuggets found a taker for Nene's contract? You'd think Rashard Lewis would be all the bad contract a team could handle.
Wiebe & Braska are the grandsons of Hall of Fame golf coach Roger Wiebe, who coached 4 boys & 2 girls state championship golf teams @ West.
Food Fact: Americans eat 20.7 pounds of candy per person annually. The Dutch eat three times as much!
the hash tag for twitter talk by is
Boyle with the assist. Nice
I'm actually working in the Bronx. No Marriotts there, you know.
Tonight our new song "Way Back" premieres on @ 8 & 10pm CST on the Tournament Preview Show (last segment)! Pls RT
Then I got his followers throwing all these gay comments at me,little do they know my feelings are'nt hurt
please say it ain't so. I want my Tebow and noone else. Don't have room for manning so he can just leave.
Sorry I misspelled "Cocktail."
possibly when is it scheduled to be released? :)
Need more students of course. Also looking to work for an organization that hires tutors. Math, Science, and reading K-14
THIS. Are you listening “: I'll be pretty excited when every A-hole in sports stops saying "beastmode"”
Maybe a cold beer.
Cotto gave mayweather a good fight.. last rd should of knocked him out but backed off..
Why are your eyes closed?
Wondering if there is a wine that pairs well with hot wings & fries?!
Yeah , i was.
Having my first ever bubble tea tomorrow w/Jen Rainbow Room (=resources for parents to adopt internationally) This is gonna rock!!
Almost the weekend :)
if you could tailgate for Bucks games, people would go. If you took tailgating away from baseball the Brewers disappear too.
i don't think you've met me. i more closely resemble a jawa. i meant: "you, blue body paint, irreparable mental images for all."
he so cheated to get his golds last year.
It was a long day for me. Back at work tomorrow.
This that young KG except its all on the perimeter.
Well, then: Happy birthday!
when discussing offline with non-parents, it was...
so epic :D
Stand strong during the storms of life, and the sun will always shine on you! = )
All of us musicians learn and then set aside countless pieces over the years.
Then dreamt I met Louis CK in person and told him how good I thought it was. It was great.
About to head in to the Hollywood Networking Breakfast. Suddenly nervous
T Plush! I run an Energy Cola company based in Madison, WI, Interested in talking about a sponsorship?
my parents send the best care packages: apples, oranges, The Atlantic, and quarters for laundry.
At the airport again! My wife just called. Our friend's 26 year old daughter died last night of a brain aneurysm. Hug your kids today.
can u tell some of ur followers to follow me
the ramblings of an average joe stock trader, 2nd edition has been released and is selling like hot cakes
Looking forward to connecting and reading your tweets!
THERE, DONE. I am tired. Let me know if I missed anyone, and enjoy the #HHAwards as we honor our amazing #DCtheatre community!
whats the time difference between NY and Australia? I think it's 14 hours but I'm not sure
Weezy F Baby and the F stands for Frank Sinatra
That was hilarious. And, sold me on wanting a donut.
ethnic music is stupid. you should only listen to top 40.
Big hugs
#MyTop10GucciSongs Dope Man.....
This just in: is participating in #MamasDay2012! Inquiring minds want to know, what will you be showcasing to refuel appetites?
I had that and it was an ovarian cyst.
Score? How is Babbitty Boo playing?
Amare finally attacks the glass....and he's out for the playoffs
Up early today.. Glad we have a couch now!
LLAMA LIKE
made a cinco de mayo feast for the fam- fajitas, margaritas, y sopapillas! qué yummy!
the reapers, “The LORD be with you!” And they responded, “The LORD bless you!” 5Boaz said to the servant who was in charge of
but how did his son look?
Why are all hockey players on glee ugly and have mullets? Hockey players don't look like that...
SDG&E's 6th Annual LED Light Exchange Brings Energy Savings to the Holiday Season - MarketWatch (press release) SDG&E 's 6th Annual L
Follow me....I know the way outta here!
Aaaaaaahhhhhh way to end the night on a positive note
Yes, as was done in the old USSR, I think it's been erased from the Yankees history books!
What a great day at ZuZu Thank You all ZuZu fans and yes we have gone over a 1000 followers. We must be doing something right!!
Andrew Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
A big thank you to all the men & women fighting for our country we are so blessed, they are the brave & honorable ones.
In surreal publishing news, Stephen Colbert has sold I AM A POLE (AND SO CAN YOU!) from his interview with Maurice Sendak.
That's great! We will direct people your way on Thursday. We have a new #Confab #Confessional coming out tomorrow.
#seasontickets i know you can before the season starts but i didn't realize i was going to every game until too late to save
Thanks for your answer.
they are going to run out of magic by the all star break :(
Your welcome sexy mami & I hope u enjoy our show! XOXO
are so awesome!!!
Thanks for a great season. You played with class and made Badger nation proud!
not sure economy is going to turn around that fast to make it work just yet? we will see what happens in the Nov. election?
Dirty dancing in the moonlight, take me down like i'm a domino.<3
Whoops! Must learn how to use this site!
The Hard Truth about Great Sales Results – Recommended by Mary Lucnik-Garcia A commercial aired recently for a new set of fitness we
yeah monn what DID you say? Hahaha
You know you love this life don't nobody do you like me you knoowwwww
he already knws
Road trip to lancaster !
Brewing my face off. Robust Porter and a Cal Common this week, probably Northern English Brown and Scottish 80/- next week.
Have you seen your klouchebag score?
I could watch Mariah's group therapy Jenny Craig commercials all day. Throw pillows, tears, &Mariah in all white lounging on a rug.
Dessert. Sticky Toffee pudding with coconut& butter pecan ice cream.
Seriously I hate wearing shoes and I hate wearing pants.
EPTI... LOW FLOAT!!! Will move 10,000% after the ask is slapped a couple times. GET IN NOW!!! SLAP SLAP SLAP
hey hoe bag.
good! Have a great Saturday!
Sitting with Brian Nichols, candidate for EVP at #lpco12. He has my support.
FLP = the BEST healthy, healing aloe vera products on the planet!
Finishing up this Jameson and the beta version of this virtual desktop tonight. #amwriting (html at least!)
Emergence of a New Asset Class. Personal ownership is central; Trust Networks are the choice; Cyberidentity is the first step.
Haha yup Mark in his HS days!
MT : A2: Main Street Coordinator, for instance, is as much an economic dev role as it is heritage conservation.
long sleeves
Positive note. I always try<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
haha ain't that the truth! We could wear short t-shirts and show off our kegs!!
16 EASTER SERVICES: THANK YOU Rock Church volunteers for your FAITHFULNESS!
good call thanks!
So bored wrestling is almost over
We dig your song "Need a little something." Do you play in Houston often?
Glenn Gary performs every Wed. & Fri. at Westin Hotel in DC. His show is drawing international attention and phrase. Don't miss it!
Interested in speaking. sponsoring or attending an upcoming conference? visit us at www.opalgroup.net
have a safe trip, stop by and see us when you get back!!!
I could go for some fresh vagina right now
subscribe to our Twitter feed and get the latest news in real time!
we may be small but we know what we are doing.
Only 60 randgloves? I think we need more!
Bo, did you just bust you dad.
Rubicon's Hop Sauce Double IPA is pouring right now! Damn fine...
Catch the ball JONES n JENNINGS!
No goodnights from her anymore #shit not the same its not .
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.
pumpin' up the crowd & bustin' out the beats! vamp is fire right now!
Textaphrenia. A disease found in teens, in which they think they have heard or felt a new text message vibration when there is no message.
mean lady at dontes: "you look really butch for a girl"... WTF.
are you awake? We are playing Mario kart and wana know If you and yosh wana join in :)
that sounds awful and stressful and terrible! feel better!
But, When I Am In The Hospital, I Be Grubbin x)
#continental original staff called to complain saying boarding pass with gold was all id needed. "That's what we have computers for" he said
I'm jealous. I could use a cold Red Stripe right now.
Just sold our last pack of peanut butter chocolate bars. Completely sold out! Not a bad way to end the weekend.
“Formal education will make you a living; self education will make you a fortune.” Jim Rohn
going out to the movies
Keeping my fingers crossed, you guys.
lol you good bruh? Fuck that noise I would fought my way out that corner!
Happy 35th Birthday!! --The C'Ville Downtown Mall Celebrates. Have your cake and eat it too. Watch CBS19@ 5& 6 **before** heading downtown.
RT Thanks! RT : is probably the best mall out by Miami! No lie.
If you died I probably wouldnt notice ...
Little do you all know that I've replaced my wardrobe with clothes made from moon rocks.
I love the redesign!
Just finished another session with verse and we high as fuk
Drunk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green.
If it snows tomorrow I'm breaking up with buffalo I can't handle this inconsistent shit anymore<U+2601><U+26C4><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
I'm rooting for the Golden Retrievers today.
I got mascara to last me for monthss, but I usually don't need it
Hosting PR sessions in the Google Campus today!
Phil Phillips is my favorite so far, but I do love "The Prayer" and Jessica's great talent.
2NITE at 8 counts down the #HotFacebook5At8 w/ tix to see NEXT WED at ! Listen for all 5 songs to WIN!
If watching educational tv is considered being productive, then I've nailed it today... Big time.
made it to #icny. ny snow not too bad. 8 inches and it is not snowing this AM. Stop by Start Up Alley and check out the latest
Welcome to the congregation Tony Carrillo! We're happy to have you aboard!
Stop sleeping on Young Roddy...y'all gonna regret it...
Still can't believe Casey anthony got off that easy!!! Then got off on a sun. of all days when a Tow truck driver smelled a dead body..
The Martini Project: I'm in. Best project I every heard of.
Republicans again advancing proposal to replace guaranteed benefits of Medicare with voucher system. Giant step backward....
If you believe in a drug free home and protect your family through early discovery you need to follow.
spoke too soon!
The Bra.San Diego's Hangover(SDCTA event)bra is held aloft by council member in bed. funny bit. Bra backstory now revealed-digging deep
Thanks for having me on the show! It was a great experIence. I appreciate you guys helping out the rookie
Happy #Cubs Opening Day, Chicago... Stop by after the game for a celebratory #W toast!
What a great night last night was ....<3 now if someone can remind me what happened that'll be great ness
I got some great gifts this #BlackFriday until I got to and found a ton of stuff for myself that I couldn't resist!
My friend calls me a blonde with brown hair . . . . is that a compliment?
Download our EP for FREE at www.historyrepeats.bandcamp.com tell your friends and let us know what you think!
Ok girls, listen up. STOP worshiping Justin Bieber and live life and dedicate your time to ONE DIRECTION :)
Now being heard in Judiciary: Senator Lieu carrying legislation 4 Equality California 2 prohibit sexual orientation change efforts = SB 1172
The Royal Wedding with Fred Asaire and Jane Powell is creepily incestuous ...
huge thanks to Kevin Quinn for his generous donation to Antony & Cleopatra
Almost forgot about 's show at Vandam. Be there for a wild time! XoXo
Thanks Richard!
Drove all the way to and I don't have my wallet! Now I'm searching my car for change!
I was telling my bro that is the most talented guy ever and he agreed... hes 20years old hahaha :)
yeah but the NCAA and folks at Heritage Hall told me that unnamed running back never went to USC... So he still counts?
woohoo - second printing coming. always think of steve carell in dan in real life:Mom, "'it's a first edition!", SC-"it's the only edition."
Friday mornings always make you feel like you gonna have a good day:))
Grizzly adams did have a beard.
Say hello to Mother Ginger! My night at the ballet with you and #Rene was like the most sensational event of my life.
wow thanks bro.... But my story isn't done yet..... That's just the beginning!
Thank you so much!!
well said
It stinks to see anyone get hurt, but the #Celtics' path to the conf. finals got a lot easier with Derrick Rose out for the playoffs.
put me on the guest list, please. I love to party.
Austin sounds like an angel
When people ask me how was the gym? It's always the same answer tiring, sweaty & old men blow drying their saggy balls, it never changes.
Mario just said ICONic :')
Wthr is correct half inch ice in Lapel
not sure about retirement and disability plus it was a different world when founded with 4 payors per payee
Said goodbye , turned around and you were gone , gone , gone faded into the setting sun slipped away .
No, sorry. You're correct that good biz advice is free/easy to get. Just saying a lot of bad advice is also free. Hard to know the diff.
Why do people continue to "kill" people off on Twitter?
very cool! Looks beautiful!
Those are simpler! But they look weird to me now. Whenever I address an envelope I have to remember to use the USPS abbrevs.
We'll be going live with an Huckster Propaganda from the mayor's race in a moment.
Today is the last day for SUBURBIA , open noon - 7 pm. Come see this fab show one last time!
Thank God for another day
I'd say give me a horse over a ring anyday! :D
I hope its Remy! : Got this drank in my cup.
I thought yuh man was suppose to protect always... Threw what ever...
soy & vinegar should almost cover the meat.
bitch you're not slick... if you follow, than unfollow, you can lick the ball sack!
so much for cracking through the paper... #sorrynotsorry come to prom pictures!
Lol oh lord..
i heart cody <3 do you?
hey tyler stop talking to her before I beat the fuck outta you :)
Independent grocery delivery service for food deserts / cities. No fee on top of grocery bill, just a monthly subscription. Great UI.
I feel like I don't do anything anymore... I need to go out you need to come back and we can have din din!!!!
Best prices in Seattle area, we will beat any price by 20% RT
Sad to miss out! RT : Attn Sconeheads ! Paisley Fig made lemon poppy seed AND ginger for today's brunch! Going quick!
When a song is so good it gives you the chills >
got a gig doing some creative work at baltimore health care access. salaried! it's a big kid job! see you this weekend?
Thanks to and for coming to our game last night!
why must you make me imagine things lol
* Follow your heart as long as you live *
2012 will be here before you know it... That means - Custom Art will be celebrating 50 years! So much excitement around here - So proud o…
HomeSweetHome. time for Grey's Anatomy
good i just be chillin and shit in the house unless i step out some weekends and working
Number 1 takeaway from #12ntc - stop doing stupid sh*t.
Happy Saint Patrick's day! Have a great one!
Nice Toynbee Tiles story. Probably going to see it tonight, but am afraid part of city's mystery will be lost afterward. True?
: Fashion fades, only style remains the same. Coco Chanel"
used to think the same thing. Saw him live. Totally changed my mind. The Boss delivers.
Sweet! Update our app, people! : your updated app is live!
Happy Birthday To My Pops 4 More Years To Go
And why not? Most kids today don't even know the Muppets had a TV show.
My Birthday needs to get closer so I can see Polkaboy in concert! Cool Creek Concert Series
Just remember: Thanksgiving is really about who you are with and what you are thankful for.
Thanks bro! Merry Christmas to you too. Hope we get to work "together" again next year!
Hulk was a beast
Where did Paul Pierce find his knees again??? 2 nasty dunks
Great Movie<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
It's like a printer, hooked straight to my brain
does anyone besides me remember warm fuzzies?
The early bird gets the St. Vincent 7"?
Follow The Better Contractors Bureau were a non-profit consumer protection agency established in 1974 to be of assistance to the home owner.
Sorry, we'll fix that!
im always down
I hope you are having a great time at BTR! Richard is The Bomb! Miss You!!!!!
What SERVICE are U to the PEOPLE..HUMANS around U? :-)))
girl makin it!
you're the only person I know who seems to believe in (orvoice)the rapture. What do you know that the rest of us don't?
Man, I was just going through all my old tweets. There are some gems in there. Check 'em out.
I could never fuck one of my girl friends
Yeah these links have worked well. I always stay on top of your site I just don't say much.
So what do audiences expect of online vs. on-site museum experiences? The same? Different?
hiihi :D omb how did you made this, cody simpson is following you! *-*
I had on a sweatshirt and a parka this evening! How did it go from 85 degrees to 51 in only a few hours?!
Know any college students looking for summer work? Catering experience a plus but will train the right peeps. Clean driving records only!
i am probably one of the most "unappreciative" people.. or so im told
so don't forget to smile when you see the sun come out.
ShiT I'm in yonker s right now. Dis mexican got a shoppn cart w hot food and drinks
#Flashbelt is rockin. Saw sessions covered by and Rain stopped so the bike ride is ON! :D
Metal Ballerina for Most Metal Athlete!
RT : MARK YOUR CALENDARS: 3rd Annual #TCTHH/ Charity Event will be on 5/31/12 Details to follow....
Thanks Katherine! We are honored to be working on the project.
bday tonight at ! Gunna be hot hot
maybe ponies. Sparkly ones with, uh, big boobs. Yeah. Boobs.
Sorry I havent been on much, family issues. But i'm on now :D
Who's running? We runnin!!!
Chocolate covered strawberries are the BEST.
For real? I've never been there but have been wanting to. Filet is my fave.
Arturia Arp or Moog Modular directly from an interface into a crusty old solid state
Thank you for the RT! Much appreciated!
Lender Processing Services' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call ... - Seeking Alpha
I may have only thought of this guy because I saw Scott Van Pelt in the press room, but Bo Van Pelt is my Masters pick
Praying for the families affected from this weekend's horrible car crash in Fond du Lac County. My heart breaks for them.
See you on the fields tonight domo. PS I think you meant
Plane crashes, murders, suicides, lions eating a woman ... we have a ton of stories in our "From the Crazy Vault" series...
People who try to be someone they're not. < People who are original.
will you be coming to Jeld-Wen tonight for CCA?
The #RYPdiscountcard will be in the house tonight. Get your membership card at tonight's Social!
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” -Dr. Seuss
You nothing like me
It's so annoying when my dad tries to put sport analogies in everything he says, especially when he's lecturing me...
oh must be other ones. I will check.
#uptowngirls pretty food movie.
I just call 911 I just got put on hold.
I'm partial to Punch Rockgroin or Slab Hardcheese.
I thought that I was multitasking but it turned out that I was only wasting time.
he will have a blast on our show!! i promise:)
Can't watch Late Late Show, BH is sleeping. Hope I can catch it on the net somewhere. Sounds like fun.
today and they are probably putting me in a foster home ...
RT As part of assignment, we were asked to select ONE tasting representative for - here he is ->
Build great backlinks by creating accounts in facebook, Linkedin, YouTube, Yelp, Merchant Circle & aggregators like Digit & Stumble Upon.
Hi SentryScene13(Sentry13Scene) here! This is a hello from everyone who loves and respects u,your friends,and your show! :) <3
People really need to learn their homophones. Go back to elementary school.
My Bestfriend hasn't called me for 2 days, or has been going to school. Wtf is going on.She said things wouldnt change but they already have
I'm a bartender aren't I? Stand back and watch the 5's roll in! Haha
lol I know you love me but I just love you more but you not believing that is more reductive than Madonna's fake cheerleading
ucla prediction was made the day reeves nelson story dropped&pineda prediction was made day of trade.check my TL!
Got to get out of here. #ChamaDrama meets
Eating your yard - Fort Dodge Messenger
the comedic timing of jaleel white aka steve urkel
May your neighbors respect you. Trouble neglect you. Angels protect you. And heaven accept you.
made it through, and my arm didn't even bruise. Ready for my next appt.
tell me what? Lol
hanging with my bed, seems to like me and i feel the same way(;
im so excited! i have prom and two military balls in the course of 20 days! imma be partying it up!!
I feel you... I should've said "Most" NI99AS. But our stats on that battle proves my statement to be true
#Zombie #Zombies Can you make a zombie doing Zumba?
I'm off to Green Bay. Go Pack Go!! #Packers. In the meantime go
RT : Personally I make the time for it, just like all planning. Tools that engage kids are worth the time
Oh god i'm watching Michael Jackson's This Is It on VH1 and i'm about to cry.
Fact for today: 2 million barrels of oil are used in the USA every day! That's a lot of wind to blow if prices keep going up!
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip
Check out the F-List! Please share! indiegogo.com/theflist
keep ya head up sticky
it's funny how often those looks converge isn't it?
Going to bestbuuy to get my new ipod. Eheheh
This evening Pilates class at the Presbyterian Church Hall! 6 - 7 PM.
I Just Ain't Into Jordan's Like That Anymore. Gettin This Crib & Car Is My Thing Now Ya Know :-)
Thank you #TempleRun for making me go to bed pissed
RT Daddy thought it would be funny to call me Henry after his Gramma who was named strange? but I like Henrietta lots better !
The Sonics...I mean the #Thunder wins!
#ItsAmazingHow I never thought I would be where I'm at right now, but I'm pretty happy with it.
to continue your metaphor...the "pigs" threaten the production of the "food" for everyone, not just the farm "mortgage holders."
We had an awesome turnout at our writing workshop this weekend in #CulverCity. Stay tuned for more soon!
hi love, have a wonderful day!!
“: Dear Windshield Wipers, Can't Touch this. Sincerely, The Little Triangle.”
I seriously don't deserve this kinda treatment. But what's done is done
Can't get enough of our burgers? Stay tuned for some exciting new ways to win and earn free Wingharts grub!
Jason Aldean kind of night <3
Indian / Phillipino , Hm , not my taste , but don't knock it , til you try it , lol
NYC lesson of the day: to win, all you need is a dream. Also, millions of dollars. When's Bloomberg's parade?
Up for the week! Get to louie. The sun is shining and the patio is ready for great customers
Thanks for making it, that was awesome.
Buy C
Obamacare #SCOTUS arguments as Beckett play, pt 2: "The question is, do we want half a loaf or a shell?" --Elena Kagan
Need some motivation. Someone come motivate me.
we headed back to hotel
I got this new shirt and it's stripped, and it makes my boobs look gynormous.
In the bg of jc's icon it looks like someone is in the corner of his bed.
“: Memphis is the nation's fattest city. I am beyond proud of our obesity. #GOFATTIES” god I love you Lauren hahah
Cause im burning up burning up for you baby!!:)..haha
Great panel discussion with Asst. Dep. Sec. Of State Cook & DG Bokova. Thank you!
I love my best friend.
Can you codify the decision so that we can share best practices with the LITA Committee & Interest Group Chairs?
whatever you're soft lol
Shit gotta get up on a session tho bruh
24.2 inches of snow in Jersey City, NJ...whew!
Yea, we have loads! We have end of year exams on EVERY subject! How'd your bio test go? ;) What's it on?
My day doesn't start until I open my blinds
What would you like for Christmas/Hanukkah from Broken Glass? Reply/Comment and let us know!
Yes I'm jealous
I heard that one. SO CREEPY.
they stole paul from knicks why not chandler too or one of many free agents
Getting icecream for my angle she had a great day.
hey I'm wearing mine too !
Noel looks so fucking cute. Omg.
Im So Proud To Be Called Your Angel,&Yea You Not What Haters Will Hate But Us Angels and You Babe, Will Always Stay Together!<33
Teresa's brand of crazy officially has become not entertaining - this chick is in need of serious therapy. And an English tutor.
We bring U the latest nutrition science in actionable bites, use them to get healthy, please visit our website for more optimal health help
Thanks I will! :D
a django upgrade
I'm still amazed that nobody has called Phillip Phillips as being a carbon copy of Dave Matthews!
ITS OUR TIME RICH 4EVER! #NO ROSS. JUS US! YGMHM!
(Wauwatosa) 3 car cash @ Watertown & Inovation Dr. with 1 of them fully involved. Everyone is out
maybe not 30! We would of best pretty much anyone though. UK was just too strong for us.
I hope he does!
one tweet and everyone freaks. "Niall and Demi"
This week was....DEADLY
music news The Rapture – “How Deep Is Your Love?” Video
registering a client for HVAC classes.
I need it to be Saturday right now! Beer, sunshine and.....
Jealousy is a shade that doesn't work for me. I'm better than this.
why can i watch live tv on my iphone, but not my mac.
Stacy G rocks!!
ahh, i see. yeah i just watched the video of ellen
Hey guys! Well you keep asking for us to stay open longer. As from this Friday Safari Cup will stay open until 7.00pm. So we'll see ya then.
you're too young to experience love.. live life first.
thanks for the love!!
Baby carrots, sliced kirbys and Campari tomatoes + hummus. Best #SuperBowl snack ever.
Holy fuck. I packed on some pounds. Damnit, that's what I get for eating like a pig. Fuck you guys. Soy mad.
YES! I love swimming .. It's a plan !
attitude determines altitude
Teaching class tonight @ GJC Talent.
Can't wait to see my friends tear up the stage tonight at the Dreams in Variation preview.
ok :D
ahliee Like who even brought the Mandie situation back up anyways
shes my girlfriend<33 and yes I will be seeing her june 2nd(:
Ward 5 festival this saturday come out and support us
If I remember correctly...
R. Kelly is this generation's R. Kelly. That statement makes as much sense as R. Kelly.
not shiid !! what up punk ass i havent heard from u in a minute !!
Watching Hillary Lindsey sing "Jesus Take The Wheel" (songwriter)
oh shii u said the n word
Who puts the staples in upside down?! Is she 5 years old? This isn't a new invention
Been craving taco bell for like 2 weeks finally got it and it gave me life....
Ryan can you make my day lol tell me somthing funny
Whatever...that's all I have to say...
Either way my response will be the same 'I'm PERFECTLY fine'. ;*
will be good to see 85 dominating again!!! 3 leaps out of you tomorrow!
looking forward to it. Are you you in Austin already?
I need to get your jersey this season. I have to show off my Jets pride in Wisconsin :)
We're looking forward to coming out for some hot soup and a cold beer! One of our favorite Lake Minnetonka hang outs!
WOW just watched the movie Shame. Wow.
Really want to like WeVideo integration w/ Drive. Crash and burn on first attempt...
there it is
TRAPPERZ CHOICE Releasing Soon
Congrats buddy!!
Bye bye playoff beard
Dont stop doin what youre doin have i payed my dues just to be with you
Finally!! A break from the rain! Take cover with us and check out our new stock... new Alexander McQueen coffee table book is in!
Me too! I use Buffer for my personal account because I'm less concerned about metrics, but Hootsuite on business accounts.
The design views of the new 520 bridge look impressive. Of course it should with a $3.50 peak toll.
oh shit! R u ok?
Today we remember the victims of 9/11.
I will also try to check your haunt out this year as well
2008/2009 were trial years for text marketing! 10 is the jump-in year and Xmas is coming. Don't be caught with you pants down!
Congrats to ! it has been a year since their EP came out :)
Think they have a job for me? I've shot billions of units of veldspar. :p
Glee By:Heather Morris and Matthew Morrison <U+2665>
What a week!
Yes - the IDF would want to keep the attack timing a secret. Does that surprise you? Yes they would take phones - so big deal!
Live Like There's No Tomorrow...
We should all print out our messages from tyshon Middleton and make a book!
my toe itches...must scratch...aaaahhhhh...
rt “: Federal judges strike parts of Act 10, including annual recertification votes and auto union dues deductions
Seattle: City of far away stares.
University of Chicago studies show a great sense of humor can add 8 years to your life.
Wish me luck on job hunting today ! :D
New York D:
#evenifyoupaidmeiwont trade my iPhone for anything.
Welcome to Seattle!
just pissed me off
“: maybe because of your choice of finger? ha, have a great day!” lol! Good one:)
I'm just hungry period lol
Someone give me a massage.
There's a place in my head that repeats what you said..
Had so much fun watching #ThinkLikeAMan in the theater. Loved and cast. Megan Good's best role yet.
Um so you're in NY. Meeting? Friday? :) I am leaving town sunday for 2 weeks.
